PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 163.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
ROXBURGHE=GOELET BRIDAL
PARTY IN CHURCH REHEARSAL
OF THE WEDDING CEREMONY
Senate and Mouse
Await Message of
President
Cannon Is Elected
Speaker by Ma-
I jority Vote.
Hanna Will Replace
Morgan on Canal
Committee.
BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS
PAVE THE WAY FOR ACTIVE
WORK OF THE EXTRA SESSION
PRINCIPALS IN A NOTABLE
WEDDING, AND MOTHER OF
GROOM-TO-BE.
Continued on Page 3, Column 1.
Continued on Page 2, - Column 4.
DENVER, Nov. 9.— The State Court of
Appeals to-day 'rendered an opinion in a
case Instituted by the Treasurer of Boul
der County against the Colorado and
Southern Railroad, in which Judge Guri
ter lays down the. rule that when a rail
road refuses payment of taxes j a receiver
may be appointed arid the matter- ad
justed in a' court of /quity.
Railroads Must Pay Taxes.
WASHINGTON, Nov. rf.-The ; United
States Supreme Court to-day granted the
motion recently made on behalf of the
State of Minnesota t/r advance the ; hear
ing of the case of that .State '-..vs. the
Northern Securities Company, and,' named
the '4th. of January, after the other cases
already set for that date.' as the time for
hearing the case
Minnesota Case Advanced.
DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH
TAKES TRIP IN A BALLOON
American Woman Shows Surprising
Daring While Sojourning
in Vienna.
.- ;¦* -i ;al Cable to Th<» Call and New York Herald
190 ' bX th * N>W Torlt HerI
aid Publishing Company.
1X)NDON. Nov. 9— Consuela, Duchess
of Marlborough, yesterday, according to
the Daily Chronicle's correspondent,
made an aerial excursion In Archduke
Franz Salvator's balloon, the Meteor, de
scending safely in the evening near
Vienna.
Starts for Visit to Menelik.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9^— The Navy De
partment- Is informed that the- gunboat
Machias left Port Said to-day with the
Abyssinian - party on board, bound for
Jibuti. •
VALLEJO. Nov. 9.— Philip Kendrick, a
marine, * well known as "Frenchy" and
who was often designated "the* strongest
man in the navy." was found dead in bed
In a, lodging-house to-day. Tlje appear
ance of the body indicated that he came
to his death several days ago. He was
boatswain's mate on the Mohican, but his
term expired and he was about to enlist
again. Kendrick participated in many
competitive tests of strength and won
many prizes.
Marine Kendrick, Famous in Athlet
ics, Dies Before an Intended
Re-enlistment. -;"; '
STRONGEST NAVAL MAN
v FOUND DEAD IN BED
New Republic Begins the Formation
of an Army.
ORGANIZING THE MILITARY.
I PANAMA, Nov. 9.-The British Steam
Navigation Company's steamship : Quito
"arrived here. to-day. The passengers say
that everything was quiet at Buena Ven
tura, but that the Colombians are furious
¦ HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— The French bark
Connctable de Rlchemorit is a total loss.
Captain J- F. Haglund, the port captain
of the Inter-Island Steam Navigation
Company, has returned from the wreck-
Ing expedition with the first news of the
result of the expedition sent out by the
company. The steamer Kauai. which was
dispatched in charge of Captain Haglund
to try to salve or else wreck the French
vessel, reached the French Frigate Shoal,
the scene of the wreck, but was unable
to accomplish anything toward recovering
or salving the vessel. The bark is cap
sized and is almost entirely submerged.
The expedition remained only" half an
hour at the scene of the wreck and re
turned to the island of 'Kauai with only
a few articles of.- small value taken from
the Connetable de Rlchemont.
Little Hope Is Expressed of Saving
Anything From the French
Vessel. •
BARK CONNETABLE
IS A TOTAL LOSS
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. S.— The first snow
of the season cam* to-day with a driving
wind. " '> .*:;"
The temperature is falling. It is not
bd!e\*ed that stock will Buffer to any
extent.
DULUTH, Minn., Nov. 9.— Snow, which
began falling shortly after noon at the
head of the lakes, has gradually increased
la volume until now a blizzard Is raging.
Storm signals are out, warning vessel men
to remain in port The temperature is
falling fast
BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 8.— Miner advices
Trom throughout Montana to-night say
that a heavy snow has fallen renerally
and In eorne sections a heavy blizzard is
mgir.g.
Storm Signals Are Out Warning
Vessels to Remain in
Port.
BLIZZARD IS RAGING
ALONG GREAT LAKES
Cuff then started to escape, running
around the corner of. the theater. Ha was
Intercepted at a side exit by Policeman
Qulnn, who kept up a running fire; three
bullets taking effect. Cuff fell uncon
scious and died in fifteen minutes. "A
number of people were injured in the
stampede.
Cuff was a miner and served in the
Philippines with an Idaho regiment. . Dr.
Fims Is a well-known surgeon of Wallace
and leaves a family..
The trouble arose over Cuff insisting on
smoking a cigar in the gallery. Police
man Rose ordered him to desist, but he
refused. The policeman took- the cigar
away from Cuff after a struggle. Cuff
then left the theater 'vowing vengeance.
He returned shortly with a revolver and,
waited vfntll the performance was over.
Rose was the first man out of the opera
house. As he stepped outside Cuff began
firing. The first shots missed and Rose
returned the fire. Dr. Flms, who was es
corting a woman, followed Rose out, and
as he did so a bullet, presumably from
Cuff's revolver, struck him in the head,
killing him Instantly.
Other policemen appeared In a moment
and a general fusillade followed. The
panic-stricken theater-goers ¦- stampeded
back into the foyer, men and women be
ing trampled in the- mad rush to get
away. Cuff continued firing, wounding
Chief of Police McGovern and Special Of
ficer Rose.
The wounded are: Chief of Police Me-
Govern, shot through the right hand;
Opera House Policeman Rose, shot In the
les. " « ¦ '¦ :
WALLACE, Idaho, Nov. 9.— Two dead
and two wounded is the result of a shoot
ing affray at the entrance of the Wallace
opera house to-night.' The shooting took
place Just as the theater goers.were' leav
ing the theater, following a performance
by the James Nelll company. The dead
are:
DR. W. F. FIMS, shot through the
head.
WILLIAM CUFF, miner, shot three
times, died In fifteen mlnutes.~_^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAPORTE, Ind., Nov. 9-In a statement
roede to-day Alexander Young, a local
astronomer, who has In the last year
made several important discoveries con
cerning the condition and functions of the
sun and has asserted the existence of life
on that planet, announced his conclusions
concerning the solar seasons.
Young has found that the sun is blessed
tvlth a clime of perennial summer, divided
between seven months of vernal, or
f prir.g!lke, summer and five of deciduous,
or autumnal, summer, marked by changes
In the vast masses of forest foliage ob
served by him through the instrumental
ity of the solarscope which he has in
vented. At this time red and reddish
brown hues prevail, to be replaced in
January by the living green of summer.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Five of "the other cranks' were from out
side of Washington, and - as they were
harmless they were sent back to their
Homes. None of the others were violent,
though they were all found around the
White House looking for the President
The • number of cranks who visit • the
White House Is steadily Increasing.
Lear claimed to have been elected an
independent representative from Chicago
by one million majority with the aid of
Dowle, and he notified the clerk of the
House that he would be on hand to-day
to take his seat. The Capitol police were
looking for. Lear when they heard of his
arrest near the White House.
C^VLL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-"Hon.
George A. Lear" did not take his seat Hi
the House to-day, as he had declared he
would. He was arrested while prowling
around the White House, making the
twelfth crank who has been picked up by
the Washington police during the past
week. » « .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The dead man was a pioneer resident of
that section of the county and for many
years followed the occupation of a placer
miner. A few months ago he bought the
general merchandise business In which he
was engaged at the time of hla death.
A telephone message from District "At
torney C E. Peters to the Call corre
spondent at 9 o'clock this evening states
that the coroner's Jury, of which George
Davenport, a well-known merchant and
lumberman, was foreman, had brought
in a verdict cLarglng the son with mur?
der. The son has been placed under ar
rest and will be brought to the County
Jail in this city this evening. The evi
dence at the inauest was mat the son
fired five shots at the father. -
•A telephone message from Pleasant
Valley states that the father, who con
ducted a' general merchandise business,
and the son, who was employed by him
as a clerk, became engaged in an alter
cation and the father chased the boy into
a corner of the store with a knife. The
son drew a pistol and fired, killing his
father at the first shat. An older brother
was present;
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 9.— Louis Bruno,
the seventeen-year-old son of " Antone
Bruno, shot and Instantly killed his
father in the father's place of business at
Pleasant Valley, a small town nine miles
cast of this city, at 1:30 o'clock this after
noon.
Immediately upon the receipt of the
news in this city Coroner C. P." Wlnchell.
Deputy Sheriff Dallas A. Bosquit and
District Attorney C. E. Peters left for the
scene of the tragedy. A coroner's Jury
was impaneled this afternoon and an in
' quest over the remains of the victim of
the homicide was held this evening.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Theater's Patrons
Witness tragedy
in Idaho.
Tragedy at Store
in Mountain
Hamlet. •
Twelve at White
Hduse Within
a Week.
MORGAN TO BE SHELVED.
At the caucus of the Republican Sena
tors to-morrow a resolution will be of
fered declaring that the Committee on
Canals should be a majority committee
and that the chairman should be a Re
publican. It is likely to be adopted, in
which case the Committee on Commit
tees when it reports will provide that a
Republican Senator shall succeed Senator
Morgan. It is supposed that Senator
Hanna will be named for the place.
The Democratic steering committee of
the Senate was In session for two hours
to-day, the greater portion of which time
was devoted to the consideration of the
situation on the isthmus. The situation
was discussed in all its aspects, especial
attention being given to the allegations
that this country bad been Instrumental
in producing the revolt at Panama and
Colon. A number of Senators expressed
the opinion that the administration had
not been unfriendly to nor ignorant of the
movement from ita beginning, but it was
decided to wait until there waa further
light on the question before advising the
Democrats to take a position on the sub
ject as a party. Some Senators expressed
the opinion that the' mass of the peoplo
were eo anxious to secure a canal that
many people would even Indorse a revo
lution on the isthmus If It should prove
a means of securing one. Senator Mor
gan waa before the committee for quite
a time and advocated a vigorous policy of
criticism.
WILL^OPPOSE RECIPROCITY.
The steering committee also discussed
- lamation • - of President
Roosevelt for the enacting of legislation
necessary - to make effective the Cuban
reciprocity treaty. Organization waa per
fected and everything put Into readiness
for active work.
The House assembled the largest mem
bership in its history, and the scene be
fore the gavel fell in that body waa on©
of animation, both on the floor, in the
cloak-rooms and in the lobbies and corri
dors. The day was crisp and bright ami
the Capitol building presented the appear
ance of a new structure with its coat of
white paint and complete renovation
within.
Many handsome floral tributes to mem
bers were borne in unusual profusion to
the lobbies back of both the Senate and
House chambers to be placed later on tha
desks of the members. , The new members
of the House received their Initiation to
doorkeepers and House employes, and
many were turned back for Identification
because of their slight hesitation on pre
senting themselves for admission. Such
Incidents contributed to the general lively
animation and good humor of the, occa
sion.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-The
Fifty-eighth Congress con
vened in extraordinary
session at noon to-day in
accordance with the proe-
There was an Informal dinner to-night
at the house of Mrs. Ogden Goelet for
the bridal party." Robert Goelei will give
a dinner for the bridesmaids and ushers
to-morrow night.
Though the Duke and his bride will go
to Newport to spend a few days in the
unusual qu!et Into which' the great
watering place-"falls at this season the
real honeymoon will . be . passed on the
Duke's estate in Scotland.
The Duke of Roxburghe took luncheon
at Sherry's before the rehearsal, there
being also in the party Lady Isabel Innes-
Ker, Captain <Ward and Mrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jr.
The rehearsal lasted fifty minutes,
after which the party remained a short
while to observe tue floral decorators at
work. With the rehearsal arrangements
for the marriace completed there will be
no change from the plans already an
nounced.
NO CHANGE IN PLANS.
The bridesmaids will lead the pro
cession up the aisle and follow the bride
and bridegroom in the recessional. Rob
ert Goelet will give his sister away. ¦
During the rehearsal Rev. Dr. Ernest
M. Stlres, rector of the church, was in
the chancel. Will McFarland' presided, at
the and Mesdames Goelet and
Vanderbilt acted as critics, although the
rehearsal went so smoothly - that their
duties were not arduous. The vested
choir, which will take part in :ne cere
mony, was not present, but rehearsed
later. The ushers did not join in either
processional or recessional, .but ap
proached by the side aisles and took seats
In the front pews. . .
The rehearsal waa appointed for 4 o'clock
when £he florists suspended work to give
the wedding party an opportunity. The
Duke left the Goelet residence at twenty
minutes to 4, the future Duchess at 4.
Miss Goelet was several minutes late. She
wore a gown of black, the somberness of
v.hich was relieved only by the gray of
a rich plume In her hat.
NO CAUSE FOR CRITICISM.
May Goelet will become the
Duchess of Roxburghe. Incidental to Hie
arrival* at the church the Duke showed
himself to be Quite clever a». avoiding an
army of photographers, for. while they
av/aited him at . all principal entrances
he slipped in by the chapel door quite un
seen. Miss Goelet was not so fortunate,
for, though she tripped nurrledly from
her carriage to the church door, she was
unable to elude the lenses of men and
women with cameras.
jbl yEW YORK, Nov. 9. — In St.
Itq. / Thomas Church, Fifth av
/ / enue, there waa a rehearsal
1 \l to-day of the wedding cere-
» mony to occur when Miss
PRESIDING OFFICERS OF THE
. SENATE- AND • HOUSE IN
WASHINGTON.
SON KILLS
HIS FATHER
IN QUARREL
POLICE KEPT
BUSY LOOKING
FOR CRANKS
Solar Seasons Are
but Two in
Number.
PERENNIAL
SUMMER IS
SUN'S CLIME
POLICEMEN
BATTLE WITH
MURDERER
On the Pacific coast of Colqmbia Buena
Ventura would be an excellent coaling
station 'site, especially if Germany car
ries out her reported intention to place a
fleet in the. South Pacific.
Cartagena, several hundred miles from
the Isthmus, is, however, an important
strategic point. Germany's strength in
a Caribbean naval campaign would be
greatly improved by a station there. •
Sa vanilla and Cispata are ports nearer
the isthmus, which, however, .would be
difficult to. fortify and of less strategic
value.
"Our Inquiries would go to Colombia.
Under ordinary circumstances before ne
gotiating any such concessions with a
European pqwer Colombia would first
consult the American Government. What
she will do now, in view of the present
situation on the isthmus, should Germany
seek coaling stations Is a matter of
doubt."
POBTS GERMANY WOTJXD XIKE.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— Members- of
Congress who were told to-night of re
ports emanating from Arturo de Brigard,
Consul General of Colombia at New York,
and other sources, that Germany might
negotiate with Colombia for coaling sta
tions on both sides of the isthmus and
near the dividing line between Colombia
and the new republic of Panama, at first
expressed doubts as. to Its authenticity,
but afterward guardedly admitted the
probability that such might be the out
come of the present situation. It seems
to be the general opinion In Congress
that Colombia would be willing to make
any trouble for the United States possi
ble, arid that she probably would think a
deal of this kind with Germany would be
particularly aggravating to this country.
It Is also believed by Congressmen fa
miliar with South American affairs that
Germany sooner or later desires to thor
oughly test the Monroe doctrine and that
acquisitions of coaling stations near each
end of the proposed canal would afford
this opportunity. Should the report prove
true and negotiations for such coaling
stations be complete this country would
not hesitate, according to opinions ex
pressed to-day, to enforce the Monroe
doctrine if any permanent lease or con
trol of Colombian territory were given to
Germany.
REPORT CAUSES SOME CONCERN.
It is useless to deny that the report
that Colombia contemplates such a thing
has given some concern to Washington.
One effect, should this prove to be true,
will be that Democrats and Republicans
would line • up In support of President
Roosevelt in his Isthmian policy. Repre
sentative Hltt, who will succeed himself
as -chairman of the House Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in speaking of this phase
of the isthmian attitude to-night said:
"Should It be true that Germany and
Colombia contemplate negotiation for
coaling stations It would be a matter of
serious Interest to this country. Should
anything like sovereignty or permanent
contfol be given to Germany for coaling
stations, with the consequent probability
of erecting defenses, it would be a shaft
aimed directly at the Monroe doctrine,
and this country would immediately be
come concerned..
COLOMBIA IS VINDICTIVE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 0.— That Colombia
may turn for aid to Germany, which will
be asked to protect the South American
republic from assaults of Us enemies,
was the remarkable statement made by
Arturo de Brlgard, Consul General of Co
lombia, In this city 'to-day. »
"From an unofficial sourc<9 I have
learned that the people at Bogota are to
send a commission to Emperor William to
ask that Germany establish a protector
ate over Colombia. My country Is to cede
valuable territory adjpfning Panama in
returru I have endeavored thiW afternoon
to communicate ¦with Bogota, in order to
confirm this, but the telegraph company
Informs me that as yet there is an inter
ruption and messages cannot be sent
through to the capital.
"I fully realize how serious such a step
would be, but it is a rumor that so far I
have been unable to contradict."
Brigard does not believe that there has
been any massacre of. Americans a{ Bo
gota, or any Injury to Americans or their
property. He has- received no' advices
from the capital Bince the conflict at
Panama. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
Offers Strategic Points Near
Terminals of Canal
Route. ,
Wants Kaiser to Estab
lish Protectorate
Over Republic.
Bogota Is Planning
Trouble for This
Country.
COLOMBIA
WILL APPEAL
TO GERMANY
roreoart mad* at San. Traa
elaoo lor thirty hour* «aaia*
midnight JTorwatur 10 1
S«a griMictooo sad Tloialty—
Cloudy Totttay; **••* uorOi
wwrt wiadm. A. CK MoADtD,
District Por«ca«ter.
The San Francisco Call
TBS TBSATBB8. c <*
Alcasa* — The v l»rlvat« - .Secre
tary." NX 5 Sv^ <
Calif oral* — Herrmann "tt» Qrsafl.
Cental — "trade TomV^Chbla^"
Columbia — "The BtorksA»J^*f
Grand Opera-Home— -"Ben^%^^
Tischer's — "Butoes *n& Soaei."
Orpfceem — Vaudeville. 4 fl £
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
TItoII — Grand. Opera.Panama Government.
Germany Will Grant Recognition to
TO FOLLOW AMERICA'S LEAD.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 9.— Mrs. Maria
Llnderman, wife of William Linderman.of
Chicago, this afternoon committed suicide
by chootlr.g herself In the head.
Temporary aberration of the mind,
caused by nervous prostration, 'Is assigned
as the reason for her taking her life.
Mrs. Lindennan. with her husband and
children, came to this city from Chicago
about ten months afro. The woman was
46 years of age.
Temporary Aberration of the Mind
the Supposed Cause of a
Suicide.
WOMAN ENDS HER LIFE
BY SHOOTING HERSELF
PARTS. Nov. 0.— The • Foreign Office has
received an extended cable report from
Panama covering the events of recent
flays, but it does not differ materially
from the facta already announced by the
press. It says the foreign element on the
isthmus is thankful for the protection the
American forces have given them.
Although the authorities here are now
officially advised that the new regime in
tends to carry out Colombia's obligations,
these assurances will not be considered
absolutely final until the new Government
is fully organized. Therefore, the ques
tion of the recognition of the republic of
Panama is being deferred until a Presi
dent is chosen.
Awaits the Election of a President by
Panama Republic.
FRANCE DEFERS RECOGNITION.
.WASHINGTON. Nov. 9. — Th<> amount of 3
¦hd 4 i-er CFiit bon<i» «=o far rrcfired at the
trr»«ury for rpfunfilrur Into 2» ie $9,774. 7JV9 and
the amount of !>s received for r*d»mrtion ie
fl0.3t~.300.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 9.— Willis R.
1/iwrj'. who was well known ahong fruit
prowers in Southern California as a tree
fumipator. committed suicide early this
morning in a North Main-stre*t lodging
house. He had boon drinking heavily and
In a f;t of despondency phot himself In
the ripht temple. Lowry had boon mar
rl#d throe times. A widow survives him
end a'.so three children. He was about
45 years old.
Tree Fumigator Commits Suicide.
MANKATO. Minn.. Nov. S.— ix?o S.
I.amb of this city has boon appointed re
ceiver for M. K. Armstrong, the St.
James banker, on a petition in involun
tary bankruptcy proceedings. Armstrong
recently made an assignment under the
State laws. The receiver's bond was fixed
at $150,000. The assets are said to amount
to about JGOO.OOO. with liabilities of 5500.000.
Eeceiver for St. James Bank.
Mr. and Mrs. de Young Are En
tertained by President
Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— President and
>In>. Roosevelt entertained at luncheon
to-day Mr. and Mrs. M. H. do. Young and
Miss do Young of San Francisco and Mr.
and Mrs. Joe Shaffer of Chicago. Secre
taries Root and Moody were al?o lunch
con guests.
SAN FRANCISCANS ABE
GUESTS AT WHITE HOUSE
IX)NT>ON. Nov. 9.— News from San Do
xnlngo, by way of Paris, ooniirms a report
of the rupture in the relations of the
I'nitcd States Government- and that of
t-'.-n Domingo. The Dominican gunboat
Jndependeneia has bombarded and dam
aged the town of Ma curia.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Nov. 9.— Commander
Metz of the United States gunboat New.
port has received peremptory orders to
coal at once and sail for Puerto Plata,
Pan Domingo. At 9 o'clock lhls morning
the ves^rl proceeded to pea. Commander
Metz refused to discuss his orders, but
paid they were urgent.
PORT AU PRINCE. Nov. P.-Gencral
Jimincz and thirty revolutionists have
arrived "at Cape Haytlen'. The Govern
ment of Hayti protests against their dis
embarking-as it Is believed that the revo
lution cannot last longer than a few days.
It Is generally thought that the revolu
tion will end In the failure of Jiminez.
who will probably try to disembark at
come jKjint near San Domingo.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— News has
reached here that two German warships
have sailed from St. Thomas, D. W. i.,
for Santo Domingo to look after German
Interests during the revolution there.
ST. THOMAS. B. W. I.. Nov. P.— The
(icrman pt earner A then, having been re
fused permission to land her passengers
?it Santo Domingo, returned here on Sun
day and reported the fact to the com
mancior of the Gorman flagship Vineta,
whereupon the commander dispatched
Uip cruisors Panmcr and uazeJlo to San
pimingo.
The Athcn returned to Sarto
,-rstcrday and it is reported she will Ig
tiore tho blockade under the protection
• •f the Gorman vrarphir*.
SANTO DOMINGO. Republic of Santo
Potalncc, FrWay, Nov. 6.— A Dominican
punboat which returned he.re last night
from Muroris reports having bombarded
that town. The damage done is not
known. Mucoris is 5tlU in the hands of
the revolutionists.
The forcos of tho revolutionists are ap
rrOrtOhlnsr Santo Domingo.
Thoro was. firing, which lasted only a
short lithe this morning, outside the city.
Thorp are no foreign warships in port.
BERLIN. Nov. 9.— It was timcially ad
mitted to-day that Gorman cruisers had
l>oon ordered to Santo Domingo in com
pliance with the request of the German
Consul there.
Germany Also Sending Vessels to
Protect Her Interests While
revolution Is in
Progress.
Rupture in Relations Between
Washington and Little
Republic
"The Bench and the Bar" was respond
ed to by Lord Chief Justice Alverstone,
who referred briefly to the Alaskan
boundary question, saying he declined to
Justify or to explain his conduct because
such a course would be a deathblow to the
confidence reposed in the British bench.
Choate then paid a graceful and feeling
tribute to the memory of the late f?ritl»h
Embassador at Washington, Sir Michael
Herbert. He suggpsted that the United
States and Great Britain unite in honor-
Ing Sir Michael Herbert "by selecting
some macnlflcent mountain peak" on the
line of demarcation of the Alaska bound
ary and "affixing thereto the name of
Herbert, so that for all time to come it
may stand as a monument to hia splendid
service, noble character and great
achievements."
While he believed that ample Juetice had
been done, the result. Choate taid was
due more than anything else to the good
sense. Justice, courage and devotion to
duty of Lord Chief Justice Alverstone
The speaker paid a tribute to the mae
nanlmlty of the Canadians and said 'that
the termination of the treaty had made
both countries better friencs.
In conclusion. Mr. Balfour said that the
growth of the international peace senti
rr.ent and the tendency toward frank
dealing, between the Western powers was
well exemplified in the treatly recently
concluded between France and Great
Britain. The nations, he declared, must
feel that it wa s a crime to enter Into war
The Premier congratulated Lord Lans
downe on the strides he had made in this
direction while Minister of Foreign Af
length had any man done more to pro
mote international peace ¦
•S&ssg gas m£ %a:
matter of controversy that threatened &
any time to create Mischief and dTstrus!
between^ these two great English-speaking
THE ALASKAN ISSUE.
Referring to Alaska, Premier Balfour
said:
The danger arising from the uncertain and
disputed frontier* in the cade between the Brit
pmJw PI "\? b 1 the V nlted statM h «« been del
elded for all time. I regret that the question
has not been settled favorably to the claims of
thls ™ UI ? tr >'- but the two small Islands Jn?lo*
of which to Canada has aroused such Veal
feeling are really valueless from a «ra"r"
and military P^lnt cf view. We rerret trV*v
act tenor of the decision, but. however , he ba V
ance of advantage went, the gain to the United
States or the loss to Canadjf la nothing; com
pared w»,h the final removal of thta ?ubj£t
of dlFpute between the two great countries
The decision must be loyally accepted^or the
Se't^n 60 6ert ° U8 * controve «y •• " inesu!
Balfour said that (he Macedonian ques
tion raised issues more difficult and more
complicated than even those of the Far
East, because it touched the almost peren
nial difficulty of the problem of the gov
ernment of its European subjects by the
Sublime Porte. This question had been
the cause of infinite political complications
and serious wars, bringing anxiety to
every court in Europe. It was impos
sible, said the Premier, that a disease of
such long standing could be instantane
ously cured, but he was convinced that
the question must be ultimately settled by
the concert of Europe, which could not
more effectively carry out its designs than
through the medium of those powers
Russia and Austria, which had under
taken to deal with the situation.
In proposing the toast of "His Ma
jesty's Ministers" the Lord Mayor paid
a graceful tribute to the late Lord Salis
bury. Premier Balfour prefaced his
speech in reply to the toast with a
lrngthy and touching reference to the life
and work of his distinguished predeces
sor. Addressing himself to the current
topic. Balfour said he would carefully
avoid referring to party politics and
would endeavor not to even touch the
fringe of the fiscal question.
Concerning the situation in the Far
Eatt, Balfour said there was every rea
son to feel sanguine that it would have no
serious outcome. He based this assurance
on the passionate j desire of the Czar of
Russia to promote the general peace and
on the fact that Japan as the ally of
Great Britain would be certain to display
moderation, discretion and judgment in
its demands, as well as firmness In en
forcing them.
LORD MAYOR'S TOAST.
The new Lord Mayor, James Richie,
gave a banquet to 100 persons in the his
toric Guildhall to-night in honor of the
King's birthday. Premier Balfour was
the guest of honor. Many notabilities
were present. including Embassador
Choate, the foreign Ministers, the Arch
bishop of Canterbury, Foreign Minister
Landsdowmv Chancellor for Ireland Lord
Ashbourne, Colonial Secretary Lyttleton,
Chancellor of the Exchequer Austen
Chamberlain, Under Secretary of State
for. the Colonies the Duke of Marlbo
rough, the former Chancellor of the Ex
chequer, C. T. Richie, brother of the
Lord Mayor, and others.
Before the banquet the Lord and Lady
Mayoress held a reception, at which Mr.
Choate, the. first prominent personage- to
arrive, was enthusiastically received.
After the banquet the Lord Mayor
toasted his guests, passing the loving cup,
and then proposed the health of the
King, from whom he read a message of
congratulation.
A toast to the Queen followed. The
other toasts Included "The Na\-al and
Military Forces of the Empire," which
was responded to by Lord Selbourne, First
Lord of the Admiralty, and Lieutenant
General Lord Francis Grenfell. Mr. Bal
four replied to the toast of "His Majesty's
Ministers," and Mr. Choate replied \o
"The Foreign Ministers."
LONDON", Nov. 9.— King Edward, who
was born November 9, 1S41, to-day cele
brated his birthday at Sandringham.
where there was the usual dinner to the
tenants of the estate, at which the King
and Queen and other members of the
royal family handed around the dessert.
Outside the customary salutes fired at the
naval and military etations, accompanied
by the dressing of the ships, there was
little sign of the King*s birthday being
observed.
Embaseador Choate Warmly
Greeted at Lord Mayor's
Banquet.
Warship Receives Or
ders to Speed to
Puerto Plata.
The reported appointment by Colombia
of General Reyes as peace commissioner
to the republic of Panama :s viewed with
some Interest by th& officials here, as in
accord with the suggestion to the Colom
bian Government contained In the dis
patch to Minister Beaupre recommending
the peaceful and equitable settlement of
all Guestloi\s at issue between Colombia
and Panama. Th« United States, it Is
paid, will lend its good offices to bring
about a meeting of General Reyes and
the Panama officials and will do every
thing in its power to hasten a satisfactory
adjustment of the questions brought for
ward as a result of the recent develop
ments on the isthmus.
Herran, the Colombian Charge, said to
night that he was still without any ad
vices from his Government, although he
keeps the officials at Bogota # promptly
advised of everything that is transpiring.
As yet he has not received any reply to
his protest against the attitude of the
United States Government «n Isthmian
affairs.
It was made very plain that the United
States does not intend to and will not
annex Panama, nor .dominate by force,
but that it Is open to and anxious for
the negotiation of a treaty providing for
an Isthmian waterway.
That something along this line was
done, it is said, was admitted by an of
ficial, but the intimation had heen con
veyed In reply that the time for Inter
position of this character nad passed and
that the United States could not consider
such an offer.
It is intimated that nothing is likely to
be done at present In regard to the Co
lombian protest. The apparent Inability
of the Colombians to realize the fact that
the canal treaty is dead and that the rev
olution is a success is shown by the fact
that a cable message was received to-day
at the State Department from Minister
Beaupre, dated at Bogota,' November 6,
in which the Minister reported that a
great change of feeling had come about
In Bogota and that the advocates of the
canal treaty with the United States were
growing greatly in strength.
The State Department has been inform
ed by an agent of the Panama Canal
Company that the provisional govern
ment of Panama has designated a com
mission of three members, one of whom
is Frederico Boyd, a member of the junta.
who will leave Panama to-morrow for
Washington to begin the immediate nego
tiation of a new canal treaty. The com
mission, it is said, is clothed with full
power to conclude that instrument.
Reports were current to-night to the
effect that an effort was being made
whereby negotiations for a Panama canal
treaty might yet be resumed with Colom
bia, notwithstanding the defection of the
department of Panama and tho establish
ment of an independent government there.
These had as their basis the restoration
by the United States of the status of the
isthmus as it existed ten days ago, fol
lowing which Colombia would immediately
take up the question of a canal treaty,
effecting a speedy ratification of such a
convention. It was said that unofficial
representations . of this tenor had come
from an outside nation which is vitally
Interested In the question and that an
official of the State Department hud been
approached on the subject.
ADVANCES COME TOO LATE.
BOGOTA STILL SLEEPING.
Secretary Hay, during a call at the
White House to-day, placed in the hands
of the President the Colombian protest
against the course pursued by the Wash
ington Government on the isthmus and
Its attitude toward the new government
of Panama. The protest came to Secre
tary Hay from Dr. Thomas Herran, the
Colombian Charge, and was duly acknowl
edged In a brief formal note.
The protest is short and to the point.
It follows the usual lines of oral com
munications of this kind. In view of the
authorized announcement by the Colom
bian Charge that he has not been in com
munication with his Government since
November 2, it is presumed that he pro
tested on his own responsibility. What
action will be taken regarding the pro
test probably will be decided on at a con
ference between the President and Sec
retary Hay.
No cablegrams reached the State or
Navy Department over night from isth
mian lands or waters, nor has the State
Department heard from Bogota since ca
bling to the American legation there for
presentation to the Colombian Govern
ment an announcement of the action of
the United States in recognizing the de
facto" government of Panama.
PROTEST OF COLOMBIA
for the isthmus will not be
permitted by the Washington Govern
ment, and American warships will be or
dered to any port on receipt of an inti
mation that Colombian troops will at
tempt to sail for the isthmus. The Wash
ington Government holds that this policy
is in the Interest of the general good.
Secretaries Root and Hay had a con
ference to-day, presumably in regard to
the latest developments in the isthmian
affair. As he was returning to his home
Secretary Root was asked the direct ques
tion as to whether United States forces
would be ordered to the isthmus of Pa
nama. He replied that while such a thing
was possible It was extremely improb
able. He added that he had made that
answer to a similar question in New
York yc-Eterdaj*. when he really knew
very little about the situation, and he
made it now for the reason that he knew
nothing more of an intention to employ
troops on the Isthmus.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ».— The
embarking of .Colombian
troops from Buena Ventura
or any other Colombian port
Event Celebrated by
Subjects Through
out Kingdom.
Sending of Troops
to Isthmus to
Be Prevented.
DOMINGANS
STIR WRATH
OF AMERICA
KING EDWARD
HAS A BIRTHDAY
AMERICAN SHIPS WILL KEEP
GUARD AT COLOMBIAN PORTS
DOLE SEEMS TO
BE UNPOPULAR
MUTINEERS
TRY TO RULE
THE VESSEL
Home Rule Party Pro
tests Against Man to
Succeed Estee.'
Panama Prbmpt to
Act for the
Canal.
Choice of Cartar to Succeed
Dole Also Disapproved in
Bitter Terms.
Dunslaw Returns to As
toria After a Stormy
Voyage.
Incompetent Crew Imperil
the Lives of the
Officers.
Sailor Who Obeys th© Orders of th«
Skipper Sacrifices His Ufa ia a
Hurricane Off Grays
Harbor. I'JtMJ
against the people of the isthmus. The
business world here has resumed its nor
mal condition.
The appointment of Consul General Gud
ger to carry on business with the de facto
Government has made an excellent Im
pression.
The steamship Taboga left this after
noon for other ports In the territory of
the new republic with military commis
sioners to organize armies of the republic
in those places.
Special Correspondence of The Call
- HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— The- appointment
of S. B. Dole as United States District
Judge to succeed the late M. M. Estee
and that of George R. Carter as Governor
"to succeed Dole are the subject of resolu
tions of protest adopted by the Home
Rule party at a campaign meeting. In
the Home Rule press the appointments
are vigorously opposed. The Evening
Bulletin, Republican, Tefers to the ap
pointment of Dole as an Insult to the
memory -of the late Judge and disap
proves the Carter appointment- The Star
and Advertiser, Republican, both approve
the President's selections.
Governor Dole, as commander in chief
of the National Guard of Hawaii, bade
the troops farewell. October 31, at the
drill shed, delivering an»address teeming
with patriotism, coupled with regrets
that the long years In which he had been
so closely allied to the military arm of
the Hawaiian Government had at last
come to a close. The Governor said:
The present "and future of Hawaii form, one
subject. The past, present and future are one
subject, because they are so intimately con
nected that one can hardly be spoken of with
out callinc upon the other. The evil things
in politics or in social life are the fruits of
what people have planted in the' past, or of
what they have neglected to do in past gen
erations. I speak of this because It is my
privilege to speak of Hawaii's future, and I
want to impress upon you the fact that the
future of Hawaii depend*, more than anything
else, upon the attitude of the present genera
tion.
If Hawaii in the fnture. Is to be a country
to be respected. It will largely be because
the men of the young jreneration do their duty.
I want you to feel this responsibility so that
the next generation will not lie back and
blame the men of this generation because they
planted seed which'- produced bad fruit. This
Is a small community compared to other po
litical communities of the United States. Take
Greater New York, for instance, and con
sider how little one vote in million* counts
for responsibility. But In Hawaii with one
vote a man's responsibility means something.
To-day we are a Territory, which is a good
thing. We have the privileges of self-govern
ment to a certain extent — as illustrated In the
Territorial Government— but I want you to un
derstand that thin Territorial Government is
temporary. It Is a test of our citizenship. It
is a privilege given to us so we may get an
understanding of the principles of American
representative government. The future of lla
wail nel ought to be a State Government. That
Is something for us to work for.
Train Engineer Finds a Body.
REDDING, Nov. 9.— The engineer of the
second section of the California express
found the mutilated remains of an un
known man on the railroad track near
Shasta Springs last night. It is presumed
that the man was struck and run over
by the first section of the train. The body
was taken to Dunsmulr, where an inquest
will be held.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
ASTORIA,. Or., Nov. 9.— The British
bark Dunslaw, which sailed from Astoria
last Tuesday for South Africa with a
cargo of wheat and was reported in dis
tress off Grays Harbor, was towed back
here last night and is now' Bafely an
chored In tha lower harbor.
Her master. Captain Nichols, tells of a
storm of hurricane force, during which
the vessel laid over to her main hatch for
forty-eight hours, while the chartroom
was flooded, the crew mutinied, the cargo
shifted, the new lower sails blew to piece*
and one good sailor was washed over
board.
Captain Nichols Bays his mate tola ntm
before sailing that the crew was Incom
petent, but that there were some good
men among them and he felt safe in going
to sea with them. Three hours after dis
charging the pilot the glass showed evi
dence of a storm and the Dunslaw was
cut down to lower topsails. That night
a terrific gale sprang up. Captain Nich.
ols says he never saw one like It before.
The sails, which were new. were carried
away because the majority of the crew
were incompetent to do their work. As
the vessel laid over to the storm her
cargo shifted, and for forty-eight hours
she was over to starboard, with her
hatches under water. The tarpaulins over
them were washed off.
In this emergency the crew mutinied,
refused to obey the orders of the officers
and demanded that the masts be cut
away to right the ship. Captain Nichols
gave the spokesman of the mutineers a
punch on the jaw that knocked him out
and ordered the few sailors on board to
assist him In saving themselves and the
vessel. t "',, „__,
A sf.im.Tn. John Hansen," who signed
with the vessel at Portland, as all the
crew did, was faithful. While the others
were scared he obeyed all orders, and
about 1 o'clock on Thursday morning,
while on the topgallant forecastle, was
washed overboard and drowned. It Is
now learned that the man had signed un
der a fictitious name. He was Julius An
derson of Hamburg, who left his wife in
Portland for some reason not known.
After the storm had abated the ..vessel
was righted sufficiently to make sail.
Then the crew mutinied again and de
manded that the vessel be taken hack to
the Columbia, but Captain Nichols had
previously decided to do this.
Breaking" Cable Kills Three Men.
CHARLESTON,. W. Va., Nov. 9.— Three
men were killed and two fatally Injured
by the breaking of a cable on an incline
at the. mines of the General Ferris Min
ing Company at Kanawha Falls to-day.
The dead: John Williamson, Frank
Walker, Joseph Flint.
LONDOX. Nov. ft. — Mrmtagne William Low
rey-Correy. first Baron Rowton. Is dead. Ha>
was born in 1SSS. |
COLON, Nov. 9. — A coasting vessel
left this morning for Porto Bel
la, carrying »a few troops, .who
will hoist the flag of the new
republic of Panama there.
A cablegram received by way of Port
Llmon this morning says that the steam
launch which -went- to- Bocas- del- Toro
for the purpose of occupying that place
In the name of the republic of Panama,
left there yesterday. She is expected
here momentarily.
- Five dollars in gold, which last week
was worth $12 20 in local currency, has
a value to-day of only $11. THany per
sons will no doubt lose heavily, while It
is probable that others will make com
fortable fortunes. A further drop in lo
cal exchange is expected.
The nev$ Government is desirous of
establishing its currency on a gold basis,
abolishing monopolies and gambling sa
loons, and of making other radical Im
provements.
Dr. Manuel Amador, Minister of Fi
nance, and Frederico Boyd. a member of
the Junta, have been. appointed by the
provisional government a . committee to
go to Washington and arrange with the
United States for canal and other neces
sary treaties. They will sail to-morrow
on the steamer City of Washington. It
is said that the Commissioners will en
deavor to have amendments made to ar
ticle 8 'of the Hay-Herran canal treaty,
and to eliminate article 12, in order that
the entire territory of the republic may
be made free to the commerce of the
world, to which the commissariat stipu
lations of article 12 are considered" as
prejudicial.
An address was officially presented to
night by the Consuls of France, Great
Britain and Germany to United' States
Consul Oscar Malmros, expressing sin
cere sentiments of gratitude for the pro
tection that the Consuls and their coun
trymen received on the 4th and 5th of
November, when the lives and property of
all foreign residents in Colon were in the
greatest peril and were safeguarded only
through the energetic action, coolness and
devotion of the United States citizens,
both civil and military.
In the address special mention Is made
of Consul Malmros. Commander Hubbard
of the Nashville, Executive Officer Wlt
zel and the men of the Nashville, Colo
nel Shaler, Superintendent of the Panama
Railroad, and" Colonel Black and Colonel
Brooks of the United States Engineer
Corps. The last named two came down
from Cvftebra and volunteered to help In
the defense of Colon.
Great satisfaction is expressed at this
official recognition by the Consuls.
Charles M. Pepper, Pan-American Rail
way Commissioner, has arrived on the
isthmus on his way to Costa Rica. He
says his mission in the South American
countries has been highly successful.
SHOW RESPECT TO
MEMORY OF ESTEE
Tribute Expressed in Hawaii by
Court and Bar to Late
. Jurist.
HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— The session of
the- Supreme Court yesterday was ad
journed in respect to the memory of the
late' United States Judge M. M. Estee,
after the adoption of, resolutions and ad
dresses by members of the bar and by
Associate Justice Galbralth. Governor
Dole, who Is to succeed Estee, occupied
the bench with the members of the court.
Similar observances have been had in the
Circuit Courts on all the islands.
Judge Estee's will was filed for probate
last Wednesday. The estate in Hawaii
consists of two insurance policies aggre
gating $10,000 and a law library valued at
$3000. The late Judge's set of California
reports and 10 per cent of moneys collect
ed from any business he may have are
left to Miss E. H. Ryan, an attorney, who
was his secretary "Tor many years. All
the rest is left to Mrs. Estee.,
VARILLA APPEALS TO MORGAN.
Panama ftkgent^s Letter Brings Cut-
tinp Remark From Senator.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-PhlIippe Va
rllla, the envoy of the new Republic of
Panama, to-day sent the following letter
to Senator.Morgan of Alabama:
REPUBLIC OP PANAMA, Nov. $>/lO<tt.—
John T. Morgan. United States Senator, Wash
ington—Mr. Senator: As a champion of the
completion of a canal across the American
Isthmus, as the minister plenipotentiary of the
new republic, the life of which has sprung
from an expression of the ardent desire of
turning into a reality the dream of two coun
tries. 1 feel myself bound to express to you
my admiration for the display of indomitable
will you have shown in the service of this
noble conception.
The fact that we have fought, both with
th e energies of our souls, for a common ideal,
is not lessened by the minor fact of defend
ing different solutions.
If 1 have not been on the same side as you,
allow me, Mr. Morcan. re gay that It Is sim
ply because I enfered Into the Held of active
life about one-third of a century after you.
The solution which was the,' better one fifty
years ago. ; when there was>caree!y any ship
drawing more than seventeen feet or water,
has gradually seen Its superiority vanish and
transform Itself Into a deep Inferiority, ac
cordinsr to the constant Increase of the draft
and length of ships. These gradual and
scarcely noticeable changes In the necessities
of the waterways are accountable for the dif
ferences of opinion between you, the champion
of the solution of the middle of the nineteenth
century, 'and the champions of the solution of
the beginning of the twentieth. ' ¦
Now, Mr. Senator, I come to you and most
respectfully entreat you to take the high place
which is due to the. honored veteran of the
noblest fight .that ever took place for the wel
fare of mankind.
I beg you not to throw away the titfe which
the, thankfulness of humanity owes you. that
of the father of the Isthmian canal; I beg
you to take the laurels of a victory which Is
yours, by accepting with a K^nerous and Chris
tian mind what the necessities of ocean travel
have made Inevitable.
You will well crown a noble life. Inspired
by the greatest, the most patriotic, the most
disinterested aim.
I am, Mr. Senator, most respectfully.
P. BUNAU-VAUILi.A.
Senator Morgan to-day admitted that
he had received a letter from Bunau-Va
rilla, and. in reference to the communica
tion, said:
I have not read the letter In public, and
the fact that It was written came from another
source. The letter' was signed by Mr. Varilla,
who professes to be -the minister plenipoten
tiary of the republic. The writer made me a
flattering proposal to get Into line by support
inr the new republic, but when I take advice
It will come from another source and not from
a Frenchman.
JEALOUS MEN FIGHT
DUEL TO THE, DEATH
Former Friends Use Knife and Fork
to Settle Their Troubles Over
a Woman.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Locked In the
dining room of their boarding house in
Perth Amboy, Stephen Gondes and Peter
Shylak have fought a duel that ended
only when Gondes fell to the floor djTlng.
The men had been on friendly terms for
some time. It Is said by friends that they
were In love with the same woman.
Shylak entered the , dining, room at
meal time and met his rival. Locking the
door he yelled to Gondes, "I'm going to
kill you or you must kill me." Then
seizing a carving . knife he rushed at
Gondes. Gondes Was unarmed and be
fore he could defend himself Shylak had
cut him twice. Then he seized a fork
and the men fought until Gondes sank
to the floor stabbed in the stomach and
chest. Stepping over him, Shylak opened
the door and sought to escape. On the
stairway he was confronted by a police
man, who made him a prisoner after*an
other desperate struggle.
BROTHER OF CUADRAS , .
HURRIES TO COLOMBIA
General of the Republic Will Com
mand n Column of Cav
alry. .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— General Juan
Cuadras, a brother of Senor Cuadras, the
Prefect at Colon, who was yesterday ar
rested by the Panama revolutionists, has
arrived in Los Angeles en route to Co
lombia. General Cuadras has been sum
moned home from British Colombia to as
sume command of a column of the Co
lombian cavalry. He departed this after
noon for San DlesfO. where he will take
passage on a coasting steamer that will
land him in a small Colombian port,
where he will Join a detachment of his
troops. .
ASKS FOR INFORMATION-
Hitt of Illinois Introduces Panama
Resolution in House.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— In the House
to-day Hltt of Illinois offered the follow
ing resolution:
"ReBOlved, By the House of Representa
tives, that the President' be requested to
communicate to the House. .if not incom
patible with the interest of the public
service, all correspondence and other of
ficial documents relating to the recent re
volt in the isthmus of Panama."
It was agreed to.
Cruiser Prairie Will Be Sent.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 9.— The United
States cruiser Prairie left the League
Island navy yard under sealed orders foi-
Newport News, where she will coal. From
there it Is expected the cruiser will pro
ceed to the isthmus of Panama, , The
Prairie has on board a battalion of ma
rines and. a full supply of quartermaster's
stores. . .
CARTER ASSAILS DOLE.
Former Governor Charged With Act
ing in Bad Faith.
HONOLULU. Nov^ 9.— Retiring Govern
or Dole held a conference to-day with the
heads of departments. Secretary Carter,
whose appointment to succeed Governor
Dole has been announced from Washing
ton, has raised objection to the consum
mation of large land exchanges and sign
ing of contracts for future public works
by Superintendent Cooper of the Depart
ment of Public Works, who has resigned
in consequence of the change In the gov
ernorship.
A heated discussion took place at tlftj
conference and Secretary Carter charged
Governor Dole and Superintendent Coop
er with acting in unseemly haste and
showing a lack of confidence in the new
administration. He eaid that Governor
Dole and the departmental chiefs were
not informed as to the financial ability «f
the Territory of Hawaii .to handle the
proposed contracts. Action in the mat
ter In view of Secretary Carter's protest
was postponed. The commissions ap
pointing Secretary Carter •as Governor of
Hawaii and Governor Dole as United
States District Judge are expected to ar
rive here November 13.
Maine Starts for Panama.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., , Nov. 9.—Un
der rush orders to proceed to Colon, the
United States battleship Maine moved out
of the harbor this afternoon.
Woman Charges Fraud.
HONOLULU* Nov. 3.— Kallua," an aged
Hawaiian woman, -has f^led a suit against
the trustees . of' the estate of the late
James Campbell, making sensational
charges against the latter and claiming
title to valuable land in Honolulu. The
woman alleges* that she was possessed of
the property ten years ago and that
Campbell by fraud and force compelled
her to sign a deed to him.
. * -
Japanese Physicians Win.
HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— Five Japanese
physicians have - won In the / Supreme
Court a suit which they brought to retain
their licenses to practice as physicians, in
spite of the alleged illegality of the
Board of Medical Examiners which
licensed them. They represent a number
of others, whose licenses H. E. Cooper,
when acting as treasurer, held to be void
because the board had been wrongly ap
pointed. The Supreme Court holds. that
the board was a de facto board and that
Its. licenses stand.
i ¦'.,'¦:•"• "V /•¦•>¦' '¦¦¦ '.-¦ .'•¦¦:'¦ A
Five Negroes Hurdered.
MARIANNA, Fla.. Nov. 9.— The bodies
of . five negroes. " badly mutilated, have
been discovered In a cabin eight miles
from this place. They had been murdered
by highwaymen-
THE SAN FE ANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1903.
COLOMBIAN AGENT WHO
WILL TREAT WITH THE
PANAMA REPUBLIC.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
COLOMBIA WILL APPEAL.
Itchins. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Plica.
Ycur druggist -will refund money if Pazo
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to U days. 50c*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files,
CHICAGO, Nov. U.— General Manager C. A.
OcMnow of* the Chicago and Alton Railway
tUr ltd to-day that there had been any at
ttaij-t to hoM up a r&fsengvr train near itixxl
feUUK, 111. .
BERLIN. Nov. 9.— The Foreign Office
says Germany will of course recognize
the republic of Panama after the United
States 1 formal recognition. The German
Government has not yet requested • the
United States to protect German citizens
and their property, because apparently
they are not In danger.
2
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
just m Time.
A tnotorman in Chicago ran bis car
onto the approach of an open bridge but
stopped it with tbe fender actually over-
hanging the gnlf below. He .wouldn't
want to repeat the experiment because
tbe chances are that he'd never again
have the same good fortune.
Once in a p__^^^i^i i i
v!io has trsvel- j^ m ¦ "I mctcI
! clanger l:ne of P^fi
itonach dis- JSpl METROPOLI
his health. But
the majority of
people go across
the line, and >E£T=£=r
clight symptoms of indigestion grow tc
disease of the stomach, involving the
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
Indigestion and other forms of stom-
ach "trouble" are perfectly and per-
manently cured bv the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It strength-
ens the whole body by enabling the per-
fect digestion and assimilation of foou.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
rroprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if they cannot
fhow the original signature of the indi-
vidual volunteering the testiaonial below,
end also of the writers of every testi-
monial ason? the thousands which they
are constantly publishing, thus proving
their genuineness.
¦ I fc avc been scaeris? for about eigttt rear* ¦
writes Mrs. U. Pierce. ofMiUcpring*. Ky. « Hare
bad several doctors to treat me — some lor femcU
weakness c=d others fcr ctomacb trouble, but
received no relief. When I wrote yon for adrict
I was hardly abie to « ork. and you adWsed mr
what to do. I took, nice bottles, fire of} Gold <¦:•
Medical Discovery,* four of ' Favorite prescrip-
tion.' also two rials of the * Pellets.* Dr. Pierce's
tsedidnes will do all that you cUia for them.
Believe I would bare been in my (rare if I bad
not taken them."
Dr. HercVa Medical Adviser Is sent free
on receipt of staaps to pay expense of
tnai 1 . ing only. Send :i one-cent clamps for
tbe book ia paper covers, or ti stamps for
the clolh-boand volnxne. Adarew Dr. R. V.
fierce, BofiUo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Come men buy shoes because' they
like the style. Wear, price, even
comfort, are of less importance.
Now, it is a fact, susceptible to
ocular proof, that there is more distinctive style in Regal
Shoes than in any other shoes. The most expensive cus-
tom shoe makers in New York, Boston, and London are
making shoes for us all the time. These go to our factory
and serve as models. We do not slavishly follow them
— we have ideas of our own, many of which the swell
custom man is glad to adopt for his own trade. We
spend time, and money, and energy, to get the latest limit
in style. :
We make 149 styles to suit all tastes, and we serve
equally well the man who wants the "latest" and the
conservative man who asks for the same shoe year after
year.
60 Regal stores, 20 of them in Greater New York,
where the styles originate. The new styles are on sale at
cur San Francisco store, at the same time as in the New
York stores. Other dealers get them a year later.
Sold Only in 51 Segal Shoe Storw, From W«w York to Saa rrsacUco •»*
London. Also by y«"
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The name of
Colonel Clarence Edwards, chief of the
Bureau of Insular Affairs, is .under con
sideration for promotion to the rank of
"brigadier general to fill a 'vacancy which
will be created by the retirement of Gen
eral Young In January. Colonel Edwards'
claim is based on the record he has made
in the creation of the insular bureau and
in - his field service ' in the PhiliDDlnes a«
General , Lawton's aid. .. >
Colonel Edwards to Be Promoted.
• WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.-Several hun
dred bills were introduced in the House
to-day. A statehood bill for New Mex
ico, Introduced by Delegate Rodney, has
the distinction of being the first House
bill of the Fifty-eighth Congress and will
be No. 1. Bartholdt of Missouri sought
this distinction for a bill restoring tho
army canteen, but was compelled to take
Statehood for New Mexico Occupies
First Place. ->^<
HUNDREDS OF BILLS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— A bill pre
scribing the death penalty for the crime
of killing the President of the United
States- or Vice President, Embassadors or
Ministers of foreign countries accredited
to the United States, was introduced in
the house to-day by Mr. Littlefleld of
Maine. The bill prescrlbeo life Imprison
ment, for attempts to commit bodily in
jury against the President or Vice Presi
dent. Persons who aid or abet any of
the crimes mentioned are deemed princi
pal offenders.
New Bill Fixes the Death Penalty for
Murder. .
SAFEGUARDS FOR PRESIDENT.
Prominent Mining Man Dies.
HELENA. Mont.. Nov. 9.— Charles
Connon, a well-known mining man, is
dead, after a brief Illness. Connon dis
covered the Stray Horse mine, which he
afterward sold for S6O.C0O.
before the Court of Appeals at Frankfort
to-day, it is not believed it can have any
effect on the status of the case, and both
parties are preparing for a contest in
Congress.
Massachusetts Republican Gain.
BOSTON. Nov. 9.— The next House will
stand 155 Republicans, eighty-four Demo
crats and one Socialist, a gain of two
members by the Republicans and a lofe
of the same number by the Socialists.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9.— The President
has commuted to expire at once the sen
tence ot William Smith, convicted of
criminal assault In the Indian Territory
and sentenced in November. 1837, to Im
prisonment for life. The Attorney Gen
eral recommended the commutation on
the ground that it is now clearly proved
that the prisoner was not guilty as
charged.
President Commutes a Sentence.
Since his release from San Qu«n{in
prison a month ago Becker was said to
be in Portland, Me. While in jail Becker
Invented a process for chemically treat
ins paper so that it Is impossible to erase
figures on it or change stamp marks. His
friends said he wa3 likely to seek capital
to back him In the manufacture of this
Ink and paper. . . V.;
It Is said also that Becker will apply
for the J1000 reward offered ten years ago
by, a firm which manufactured a check
perforating machine for any one who
could alter the figures made by its ma
chine. Becker had altered the figures on
a check from $12 to 122.000 and it was this
which caused his latest incarceration.
Becker is regarded • by United States
secret service men who have had him
under surveillance since he left the prison
as the most dangerous forger in criminal
history. Twenty years ago he Issued
forged certificates of the Bank of France
for 100 francs each. His notes are said to
be still in circulation. No French official
has ever been found who can tell one of
them from the genuine.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Charles Becker,
the notorious forger, who has been In and
out of the prisons of four nations, was
driven to his home in Brooklyn to-night In
a carriage. He was welcomed home by
his faithful wife.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 9.— The special
election in the Eleventh district to choose
a successor to the late Congressman
Borclng will be held to-morrow. The
name of Dr. Godfrey Hunter, former Min
ister to Honduras, was on the official bal
lot in some counties, while that of D. C.
Edwards will appear on the ticket in
other counties. Former Congressman J.
D. White Is running as an independent.
The instructions of the" different courts to
the election clerks are so conftictlg that
to obey one Injunction disobeys another,
and the clerks have in many cases been
guided. by personal preference. Although
a final appeal of Dr. Hunter comes up
Much Confusion at Special Election
in Eleventh Kentucky District.
TO VOTE FOR CONGRESSMAN.
Senator Hanna, it Is understood. Indi
cated his desire to retire from the work
of active political campaigning. The
President, however, urged him in strong
terms to continue in the political har
ness pointing out to him that, as the
head of the organization, he would in
spire great confidence throughout the
country. . ...
No definite conclusion was reached, the
understanding being that a further and
more extended conference would be held
in the near future'. When Senator Hanna
left the White House he declined to dis
cuss the subject of the : national chair
manship or to comment on the reports
that he might be a candidate for the
Presidency. From other sources it is
learned that the Senator has indicated
that he will not be a Presidential candi
date and has let it be understood that
he means what he says.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— A conference
of significance and importance was held
In the executive to-day between
President Roosevelt and Senator Hanna
of Ohio. The President formally requested
Senator Hanna to retain the chairman
ship of the Republican National Commit
tee and to conduct the campaign next
year. In the course of the conference
the subject of the Presidential campaign
was considered briefly, not only the chair
manship of the national committee being
involved but also Hanna's reported aspira
tions to the Presidency. .
The President and Senator Hanna re
mained in conference for a considerable
time, notwithstanding jthe fact that sev
eral callers of note were waiting to see
the President. The President urged the
Senator to retain the chairmanship of the
national committee. In order that the Re
publican party might 'In the approach
ing campaign have the benefit of his ser
vices at the head of the national organ
ization. ¦ . i Vi-
Urges the Senator to
Manage* Campaign
Next Year.
Forger Goes From Peni
tentiary to Home in
Brooklyn.
FAITHFUL WIFE
GREETS BECKER
PRESIDENT ASKS
FDR HANNA'S AID
A. resolution offered by Cullom. fixing 12
o'clock noon as the hour for convening
daily, was adopted, after which the Sen
ate adjourned.
Senator Hanna arrived he was
greeted with cheers, which Increased to
thunderous applause as he was followed a
moment later by Senator Gorman, and
the two shook hands cordially.
The Senate was called to order at noon
and after prayer by Rev. F. J. Prettyman
of Washington, the formal proclamation
calling the Congress in extraordinary ses
sion was read. At the roll call seventy
Senators answered and President Pro
Tern. Frye declared a quorum present.
Hoar and Gorman were appointed to
inform the President that Congress had
organized and was ready to receive any
communication he had to make.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— With the gal
leries crowded, with the chamber a mass
of elaborate floral tributes and with near
ly every Senator In his seat, the gavel of
President Pro Tern. Frye sounded at noon
to-day, calling the Senate together in the
second extraordinary session of the Fifty
eighth Congress. The special session of
the Senate, following the adjournment
last spring of the Fifty-seventh. Congress,
eliminated much of the routine work
which otherwise would have been per
formed to-day. New Senators had gone
through the formality of taking oaths of
office, seats had been assigned, and, with
the exception of appointments to some
vacancies, all functions of the organiza
tion had been completed.
More than two hours before the Senate
was called to order the galleries were fill
ing with early arrivals. Senator Hanna's
pronounced victory in the Ohio .election
won for him what was one of the -most
pretentious floral designs ever seen in the
Senate, a shield. *3^x4V£ feet In dimen
sions, of blue Immortelles, In which was
wrought out of California grasses, ribbons
and red, white and blue Immortelles, the
design of the American eagle identical
with that on a silver quarter of a dollar.
The shield was surmounted with a [ gor
geous cluster of American Beauty roses.
The offering bore the inscription.
Senator Mark Hanna. from his friends, "The
Irish Democrats" of Cleveland.
Fully a score of smaller tributes were
banked around Senator Hanna's desk.
Senator Gorman's triumph In the Mary
land election was recognized by the
largest floral piece, a handsome wreath,
more than two feet in diameter, with a
crossed cluster of roses, carnations and
chrysanthemums as the base. Chrysan
themums were used Jn profusion and
there was hardly a desk that did not
carry one or more huge bunches of these
flowera.
SENATE'S SESSION SHORT.
Desks of Hanna and Gorman Buried
Under Floral Tributes.
The old officers were re-elected and the
customary resolutions adopted providing
for the appointment of a committee to
notify the President and the Senate of
the election of a Speaker and clerk and
a committee to join a Senate committee
to notify the President of the presence
WASHINGTON. Nov. ?.-The House of
Representatives cf the Fifty-eighth Con
gress to-day hr-i.i n s ft rst ECEsion and
except for the naming of committees or
ganization was completed. Joseph G.
Oar.ncn of Illinois, whose election to the
Spcakership was assured months ago, I
was formally elected Speaker and induct- •
«d into offlce. Cannon received the ap- t
plause of Democrats and Republicans !
alike when he took up the gavel of au- '•
thorlty, Ihe demonstration being mest
complimentary to the newly elected
Speaker. He was at once at ease in the
Speaker's chair, having filled it so often I
temporarily during his many years of
service £n 0sm House.
CANNON IN SPEAKER'S CHAIR
House cf Representatives Completes
Its Organization.
the policy to be pursued with reference to
the proposed measure putting in force
the Cuban treaty. It was decided to post
pone further consideration on this ques
tion until the House sends over its bill.
It was apparent, however, that a major
ity of the Democratic Senators would op
poze the bill.
The steering committee also took up the
nibjejct of reorsaciz:::£ the Senate com
mltteea and <ie- ided to meet from day to
«lay for the purpose of filling the Demo
< ratlc ™mmiu< t vacancies.
The Michigan delegation in Congress I
held a conference this afternoon for the
purpose of dfciding on the course they
*;.a!l pursue with reference to the pro".
poced Cuban reciprocity legislation. Last
FOFsi'.n the delegation was a unit In ref
ereace to lower duties on Cuban sugars, j
l-ut to-daj"s cojiference shows that the I
delegates will be divided on the subject
of legislation to make the Cuban rc
cJptocJty treaty effective. No vote was
tiiken. an adjournment until to-morrow
f"llowing two speeches on opposite sides ;
cf the question. '
Isaac R. Hill, James English, Fenton
Knight and Joseph Sinnot were placed on
the roll of special employes allowed the
minority. John T. Clancy also was re
tained as a special employe.
On the Democratic side Kellher, a new
number from Massachusetts, • had the
first choice of seats. McClellan. Mayor
elect of New York City, was greeted with
applause by his colleagues as he selected
his seat. Applause followed when the
name of Jona3 Kalauianoale, Delegate
from Hawaii, was called.
When mest of the members had drawn
seats messengers began bringing in the
floral tributes and placing them on ihe
desks, but the confusion resulting from
applause caused the Speaker to direct
that no more be brought in. Some of
those brought in were most elaborate.
Amid laughter one piece, made to repre
sent a locomotive, was placed on the desk
of Baker of New York, who had offered
a resolution in the Democratic caucus
proposing that Democratic members
should not accept favors or passes from
railroads.
was agreed to, fixing 12 o'clock noon as
the daily hour of meeting.
The biennial lottery for seats was be
gun at 12 o'clock.
De Armond of Missouri said the rules
had not betn adopted for the entire Con
presf=, but for only for the extra session.
Then, he Bald, they could be tssted. He
also spoke for an increased representation
of the minority on committees.
On demand the ayes and "noes were
called, the resolution being agreed to by
a vote of 191 to 165.
' Crosvcnor offered a resolution, which
Dalzell of Pennsylvania offered the reso
lution adopted in the Republican caucus
providing that the rules of the Fifty
seventh Congress be adopted for the
Fifty-eighth, with the addition that the
Committee on Industrial Arts and Expo
sitions be made a standing committee and
increase to fifteen members.
Williams of Mississippi said the minor
ity should have a larger representation
on' the committees than now provided,
saying that when their rf presentation was
reduced it was explained to have been
due to the fact that the Democratic mem
bership had been decreased. Now, he
said, it has been increased and he hoped
the majority would grant the request.
Blngham of Pennsylvania, upon whom
falls the titular honor of "father of the
House," In accordance with custom, ad
ministered the oath to the Speaker. The
members were then sworn In by Cannon.
Following this a resolution was adopted
re-clectinf? the old officers of the House.
By resolution the Speaker appointed a
committee to notify the President and the
Senate of the election of Cannon as
Speaker and McDowell as clerk.
Another resolution was adopted ap
pointing a committee to join a committee
from the Senate to notify the President
of the presence of a quorum in the two
housc3 and that they were ready to re
ceive any communication he might have
to make.
I appreciate the honor you confer In choos
ing m« as the presiding officer of the House.
After twenty-rlcht years of »ervice In the
House euc-h an expression of your confidence
touches me profoundly. I thank you. If I
rrr In the performance of duties of office It
win be an error of the head, not of the heart.
In the performance of the duties of Speaker
I bespeak the kindly co-operatfon cf each
member of tb<> Hous<?. I am raifly to take
the oath of oT.ce.
Cannon, In a brief response, said:
It i» a high honor to present a *oeaker to
a House of Representatives — the greatest par
liamentary body on the surface of the. earth.
It is »n e*i/eeial honor to present to this
House this Hpeakor. I am F«tl»3ed the mi
nority will be given » full measure of fair
ness and lmrmrtlallty from him. I have the
honor to pr**?ent your Speaker, the Hon.
Jnseph O. Cannon cf Illinois.
When the vote for Speaker was taken
it was found that Cannon had received
193 votes and Williams 166, Cannon being
decrared duly elected as Speaker of the
House. Williams of Mississippi and
Grcsvenor of Ohio were appointed a com
mittee to notify Cannon of his election
and to cfcort him to the Speaker's chair.
As Cannon entered with Williams and
Grosvenor. members on both sides arose
and joined in the ovation to the newly
elected Speaker. Williams Introduced
Cannon, saying:
The drawing of seats, in which old and
new members alike take deep concern,
occupied a great portion of the day's ses
sion. A pretty compliment was paid to
the leaders and veterans of both sides,
they being permitted to select their seats
without drawing lots.
To-day's session was full of Interest to
the spectator^ likewise to the new mem
ber, but to the veteran it was but a
routine proceeding. Long before noon,
when the gavel, fell, the galleries were
filled, the ladies being largely in the ma
jority. Among the spectators were public
officers, diplomats and a great many out
of town visitors.
Promptly at noon Clerk of the House
Alexander McDowell called the House to
order. Prayer by the chaplain followed.
A rail of the roll by States developed a
quorum and the clerk called for nomina
tions for Speaker. Hepburn of Iowa,
chairman of the Republican caucus, for
mally named Cannon. Hay of Virginia,
chairman of the Democratic caucus,
named Williams of Mississippi.
As the call proceeded it was noted that
the old members generally occupied their
former seats .while new members occu
pied those made vacant. The red carna
tion was much in evidence on the Re
publican side, fully a third of the mem
bers of the majority side wearing the
blossom on coat lapels. It was only here
and thf-re that a boutonnlere appeared on
the Democratic side.
of a quorum in the two bodies. The rules
of the Fifty-seventh Congress were adopt
ed for the Fifty-eighth Congress by an
aye and no vote, after brief discussion,
during which the minority sought to ob
tain an increase in the representation on
committees.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
BOTH BRANCHES OF CONGRESS PAVE
WAY FOR ACTIVE WORK THIS SESSION
A joint resolution for an Income tax
amendment to the constitution was Intro
duced by Stephens of Texas.
Slaydcn of Texas— Subjecting goeds. wares
and merchandise made by convicts to the laws
of the State or Territory into which they are
transported.
Sulzer (D.) of New York Introduced, bills
providing a territorial form of govern
ment for Alaska: to abolish government
by injunction; to elect Senators by pop
ular vote;' a bill granting rebates on ex
ports and Imports carried In American
ships; an eight-hour bill, and bills for
the erection of monuments in Washing
ton to Samuel J. Tilden and Amos Cum
mings.
Shafroth (D.) of Colorado introduced a
bill establishing the metric system of
weights and measures. .
Among other bills introduced were the
following:
By Tawney of Minnesota — To prevent the
giving ot premiums with packages of tobacco.
Stephens of Texas — Creatins a State out of
Indian Territory and Oklahoma; providing for
the leasing, (or grazing purposes, of arid lands;
to provide for the equitable distribution be
tween the United States and Mexico of the
waters of the Rio Grande: to open for settle
ment GO5.000 acres of Ian#> in the Kiowa,
Comanche and Apach* Indian reservations.-
Mahon of Pennsylvania— Making $12 tha
minimum pension per month of all pensioners
who have reached the age of 63. "
Professor Johannes Orth, the famous
cancer specialist, who succeeded the late
Professor Stlrchow in the chair of patho
logical anatomy at the University of Ber
lin, says:
I authorize you to declare as explicitly as
possible that not the slightest suspicion of any
dangerous formation exists. It is a matter ex
plained in any ordinary laryngological book.
With persons who, like the Emperor, are com
pelled by their professional duties to apeak
often In public there are often formations on
the vocal chords which we call pollypia. They
are. of course, a hindrance to the voice and
accordingly these excretions were removed. As
for the rest, I am unacquainted with the clini
cal side of the case, but I believe I am war
ranted In sayins that the Emperor In eight
days will again have full possession of his vo-
cal jxmers
second place, and his bill is No. 2.
A bill giving Congress the right to reg
ulate the trusts was Introduced by Pal
mer (R.) of Pennsylvania. Slbley (R.) of
Pennsylvania introduced a bill to increase
the pay of rural free delivery carriers.
Greene (R.) of Massachusetts introduced
a bill to Induce favorable employment of
American ships.
The Emperor felt the excrescence in his
throat before the Wiesbaden meeting, but
decided to postpone the operation until
after seeing the Czar, out ot deference
to the latter and because he had no other
time. Persons near the Emperor say he
did not display the slightest nervousness
preceding or during the ordeal.
The Emperor Informed his physicians
that he. was opposed to any attempt to
disguise" the character of his ailment and
gave them stringent orders to inform him
fully of Its nature and to make public
their conclusions, asserting that the peo
ple had the right to know the condition
of their ruler. The promptness' with
which Professor Orth's analysis was pub
lished did much to allay public concern.
Dr. Moritz Schmidt of Frankfort-on-.
the-Maln, who removed the polypus, has,
performed thousands of similar opera
tions. The Emperor has known Dr.
Schmidt Intimately ever .since the time
when, as Crown Prince, he went to San
Remo to see his father and took Dr.
Schmidt on the same car with him. It
was therefore the Emperor's own desire
to Intrust him with the operation.
The operation lasted only a minute or
two.
The story of the day concerning the Em
peror is not the story of the bulletins, of
the telegrams from foreign sovereigns nor
of the sympathetic inquiries of, the Em
bassadors, but of the regret and concern
of the people.
"It is worth being ill to receive a thing
like this," the Emperor Is reported as.hav
ing said when some flowers sent by three
working women were handed to him to
day. Several similar indications of regard
were made by poor persons In Potsdam.
The Emperor makes light of his indis
position and has asked the members of
his family to act precisely as heretofore.
He feels that the change from his uncom
monly active life to forced quiet, but he
declines to be relieved altogether of the
routine business of state and received in
audience the heads of his private cabinet
and the Chancellor, Count von Bulow.
Professor Bernhard Fraenkel, the emi
nent throat specialist of Berlin University,
in an interview to-day, said:
The public concern about the Emperor's con
dition Is unwarranted. The facts are absolute
ly' as stated in thl3 morning's bulletin. The
people are only agitated because they remem
ber that the first reports about Emperor Fred
erick did not disclose his true malady, but this
time the bulletin is correct. You can reassure
America.
The court circular states that the Em
peror this morning personally heard the
report of Herr von Lucanus, chief of the
civil cabinet.
Inflammation, which naturally follows as a
reaction from the operation, already is di
minishing. We can, therefore, be satisfied
with the appearance of the left vocal chord.
Nevertheless, tlje healing of the little wound
probably will require another week.
The Emperor's general health is good, his
temperature and pulee are normal.
VON LEUTHOLD.
j SCHMIDT,
1LBERG.
BERLIN, Nov. 9.— The latest news re
garding the condition of Emperor Wil
ljam is that it remains satisfactory. He
worked several hours this afternoon on
Government business and wrote a long
telegram to King Edward, congratulating
him on his birthdav.
A bulletin concerning the condition of
Emperor William, who was operated upon
Saturday for the removal of a r polypus
from the larynx, was issued this morning
at thft new palace at Potsdam. It is as
follows:
The Rev. B. S. Broderick, formerly of
Hartford. Conn., the auxiliary Blsht»p
o* Havana, Cuba, was appointed titular
Bishop of Giulianopoli.
The confirmation of the appointment of
the Rt. Rev. J. J. Harty as Archbishop of
Manila and of the Rev. Pedro Gonzales y
Estrada as Bishop of Havana and the
Rt. Rev. Maximilian Raynoso y del Coral
as titular Bishop of Nocesarea followed.
The Pope . then arose and bestowed the
apostolic blessing, after which he re
turned to his apartments. •;-•-¦'
Among the confirmations at thia morn
ing's, consistory were those of the Rev.
Thomas A. Hendrick, as Bishop of Cebu,
Philippine Islands, and the Rev. Manuel
Orne Vivanco as Bishop of Pinar del Rio,
Cuba.
Efforts are now being made to destroy the
liberty of the Catholic truth, which the church
must absolutely oppose, as that Is not a pro
motion of liberty, but a corruption of liberty.
However, following the Redeemer, we must
pity and pardon the sinners while trying by
all means to become reconciled with them
"tWO CARDINALS APPOINTED.
. Then the real business of the day was
proceeded with, the appointment of two
Cardinals, Monsigneur Merry del Val, tfie
Papal Secretary of State, and Monslgneu'r
Callegari, Archbishop of Padua, being
announced by the Pope, who said In
Latin: "What have you to say?"
In response the Cardinals raised their
caps as a sign of affirmation on their
part. .
.This was all, so every doubt was laid
at rest for the present regarding the ap
pointment of another American Cardinal.
Continuing, the Pope enumerated all
that was necessary to reach this end.
added that he knew there would be no
obstacles to his work, and safa:
The Pope in his office cannot separate faith
from Dolltlcs. Therefore, he. being the head
and ruler of the most perfect society — namely,
tlie church — constituted among men, and of
men. he certainly must wish that between him
and the. princes of the world and the ruler3
of public affairs mutual relations should exut.
If he wlshen to provide for liberty for Catho
lics In all parts of the world.
RELATIONS WITH NATIONS.
Knowing the duties resting on a Roman Pon
tiff, it is not strange if we considered ourselves
unfit for the task. As we saw the Apostolic
duties we Judged they could not be properly
carried out with our strength, as we recog
nized that on rising to the Papal throne our
greatest study must be to give the utmost
force to religion and to rectify errors. All this,
considering our great weakness, frightened us;
but, as God willed to elevate us to this dignity,
we trust in His help to sustain us. Before all,
our effort wih be to maintain the faith invio
late and to pray for the salvation of all, with
out saving ourselves any trouble and fatigue.
For truth's sake it is necessary that in gov
erning the' church the Pontiff should appear to
be free and not the subject of any power. But
this is not the case, and that is what we la
ment as being a grave injury to the church.
Your precious help and advice, my venerable
brothers, assist me in fulfilling the duties of
my most important office, and I shall always
ask for your counsel under grave circumstances.
Thus, each of you sustaining part of the Im
mense weight resting on us. our services will
be extended not only to the faithful, but to
the whole world. We shall not follow any
path but that of our predecessors, namely, to
restore all in Christ. As Christ is truth, we
must go toward truth.
LAMENTS HIS CAPTIVITY.
The Pope began by recalling that at
first he wished to decline the pontifical
dignity. He said: . ,
Only the Pope and the Cardinals were
present to-day. The latter, according to
custom, gathered somewhat early In an
ante-chamber near the Hall of the Con
sistory, from where they passed into the
latter place, the many papal guards in at
tendance rendering them sovereign hon
ors. The Cardinals took their places ac
cording to precedence. Every one except
Pope Pius showed excitement and pre
occupation. The Pontiff rose at his usual
hour and after a private mass he par
took of a cup of .coffee and went for a
brisk walk in the third loggia, returning
la time to dress for the ceremony at 11.
The Pontiff walked from his apartment
accompanied only by the personages In
immediate attendance on him. As he en
tered the Hall of the Consistory the pic
ture produced was very striking, the red
gowns of the Cardinals and the white
robes and gold and red mantle of the
Pope giving a pleasing coloring to the
scene. The commanding appearance of
the Pontiff was somewhat softened by his
silver hair, under which his blue eyes
gleamed with pleasure and friendliness.
He wore the full pontifical robes, which
r..e only used at a secret consistory once
in each pontificate, namely, for the first
one. . "When the Pope had seated himself
on the throne all those present, one by
one, paid him homage, after which the
master of ceremonies called upon all but
those authorized -to take part in the con
sistory to leave the hall, which was done.
When the doors had been closed and a
guard had been stationed before them,
outside, Pope Pius, in a harmonious voice,
intoned a prayer. Cardinal Oreglia, dean
of the Sacred College, then stood up and
in a few words thanked the Pontiff for
having put aside his private preferences
and accepted the burden of the church.
The Pope replied in an allocution which
received universal approbation.
POPE PIUS IS CAI*M.
ROME, Nov. 9.— The first secret con
sistory of the new pontificate was held
to-day. No American Cardinal was ap
pointed.
Several appointments of Archbishops
and Bishops were made, Including that of
the Rev. J. J. Harty as Archbishop of
Manila, Philippine Islands, -who, as an
exceptional privilege, received the pallium
at an extra consistory when he came to
Rome for consecration.
The Rev. Pedro Gonzales y Estrada was
appointed Bishop of Havana and the Rt.
Rev. Maximilian Raynoso y del Coral,
formerly Bishop of Tulancingo, Mexico,
was appointed titular Bishop of Noces
area.
The Inhabitants of this city had been
looking forward with unusual interest to
the consistory principally because it was
the first to be held by Pope Pius X. The
meeting of the Cardinals, however, was
quite simple and private, the pomp and
ceremony of the Vatican court being re
served for the public consistory, which
will be held Thursday.-
His Majesty Is Cheerful and Insists
on Discussing Various Matters
of State With His
Advisers.
Hopes to Promote Friendly Re
lations Between tne Church and
the Princes of the
World.
Temperature and Fuhe Con
tinue in a Normal
State.
Pontiff in an Allocution
Laments His Captivity
in Vatican.
Emperor's Condition Al
ready Shows Im
provement.
Monsignors Merry Del
Val and Callegari
Made Cardinals.
POPE PIUS
HOLDS FIRST
CONSISTORY
NO CAUSE
FOR ALARM
SAY DOCTORS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Mark of Good
Breeding
I* to b« perfectly at case In evening
<Jr'»s — :mi>osslble If one's shirt bosom is
wri:;k!fd. collar crumpled, cuffs frayed.
Avoid all such calamities by having us
"¦lo up" your linen. We will undertake
t i:c contract of putting: you at ease so
tar as your linen Is concf rned If you will
favor us with your order*.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
crrxcE 1004 maeiet stsieet,
Near Powell..
T»:erc are ten pretenders t-
one Schilling's Dest; and mon-
c/*>ack tells which is which.
At your grocer's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p!|l|:^ To sweeten, Dispels colds and 1
M?§§ refresh ' ( ke adacbes whei* 1
To cleanse the I bilious or con- i
Jf<: ; system, J stipated;
§ $^^$i \ Effectually \ For men, women I
H ) anc * GenUy; \ and children; 1
% fS^fe There is only V Acts best on I
tfjp P^SifK one Genuine /f the kidneys I
Syrup of Figs; \ and liver I
V^^ f ; % to S et ene " ] ¦ stomach and
|| : M/f| ficiol effects bowels; I
C^4 •'¦¦¦v-i'Si : -V "\ Always buy t»he genuine — Manufactured by t»he I
i j Lo\iisville f Ky: S * n fondseo,CaL /{ewYdrk,/{^ I
jf \h The genuine Syrup of Fig-s is for sale by all first-class druggists. The /
t( ' fvil came of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always a
sr printed on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottle.
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
iSlWMiPlof
SflfferetT With Inflammation-Catarrh of the Bladder
and Weak Kidneys.
Hon. D. A. Montgomery's Interview With the Editor
of the Nashville American.
HOx! D. "a! MONTGOMERY.
Mr. Montgomery, Ex-Member ' of State Lefriilature, was recently later-
viewed by the Nashville (Tenn.) American, regarding: bis cure by Swamp-Soot
and mede the following- signed statement:
"My indorsement of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root cannot be written strong
enough. I had been greatly troubled with my kidneys and with what the
doctors termed inflammation of the neck of the bladder. Was obliged to pass
water very frequently day and night, often with smarting and burning. Some-
times my back would get so lame and sore that I was almost helpless. I tried
several doctors and medicines to no good effect, when finally I heard that Df.
Kilmer would send a sample bottle of his kidney medicine. Swamp-Root, free
by mail. I sent at once and received a sample bottle without delay. After
trying the sample I concluded it was just the medicine I needed, and I pur-
chased a liberal supply from my merchant and friend, Mr. E. J. Eslizer. To-
day I am a well man*, and can ride horseback and drive with any of my
friends. I cannot recommend Swamp-Root too highly for what it has done
for me. You are at liberty to use this letter or refer any-one to me, and I will
gladly tell them about my past troubles and what a wonderful remedy this
Swamp-Root is. I am very glad to recommend it to others at every opportu-
nity. Mr. James Ivens of Saundersville, Tenn, and many others are taking it
with good results. Yours very truly, /fts\~~YY} >^"*
Worsham, Sumner Ct>., Tenn.. Nov. nth. JL/.(J[j //cTvtyCtYl£A*/,
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and blad-
der remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the high-
est for its wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince
any one — and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail.
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE — If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there is $ trace of it in your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail,
immediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a
book telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured.
In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. be sure to say that you
read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make N anv mistake, but remember the name. Swamp
Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton. N. Y.. on
every bottle.BOSTON, Nov. 9.— Victor and Robert
McKay, the two sons of Gordon McKay,
the late millionaire inventor of shoe ma
chinery, are practically cut off in their
father's will from all share in his estate,
while Harvard University will eventually
receive the entire estate, valued at sev
eral millions of dollars; the interest of the
fund to be used to promote 'applied
aclences. The will was filed to-day.
McKay Sons Disinherited.
' The second week of. the massive spec
tacular production of "Ben llur" began
laft night, at the Grand Opera-house be
fore a large and fashionable audience.
William J. Kelley earned general com
mendation for his Intelligent rendering of
the title role.
Grand Opera-Souse.
EUREKA, Nov. 9.— The Charles Nel
son Company of San Francisco to-night
telephoned to the captain of the steamer
Lakme to go to the rescue of the aban
doned steamer Charles Nelson. The
Lakme left to-night In search of the Nel
son.
lakme Searches for Nelson.
Elscher*s.
"Rube« and Roses," the two-act musical
comedy, Is the attraction at ' Fischer's
Theater this week.
Mrs. Fredrlcka Galland, a well known
resident of San Frandsco.died last Sun
day night at her home, 884 Geary street.
She had been ailing for some time. She
waa 67 years old. She leaves surviving
her one son, Jesse A. Galland. Deceased
was well known in this city. She had a
host of friends who will regret her tak
ing off. Mrs. Galland was a charitable
woman and was always ready to lend a
helping hand to those in need. Her acts
of oharity were many and without osten
tation. .
Death of Charitable Woman.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— The following
changes have been made In the postal
services on the Pacific Coast:
Postofflce established: California— Moor
park, Ventura County (previous order
discontinuing this office now rescinded).
Postofflce discontinued November 14:
Oregon— Hurlburt, Multnomah County"
mall to Troutdale. *
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Belle Shields, Tuttletown.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— From San Fran
cisco—F. J. Baker, Imperial; Mrs. G. II.'
Bound, Bartholdi; F. H. Bryant, Herald
Square; G. H. Cardiff, Bartholdi; Miss
Dorsay, Albemarle; H. A. Dutton, Astor
House; C. B. Jennings, Imperial; E. Ma
gulre, Hotel Savoy; G. A. Newhall, Hol
land; A. Satten; HoJlman House; G. A.
Starkweather Jr., Herald Square; A. P.
Weber, Grand Union; C. A. Bruns and
wife, Union Square; M. Silvester and wife,
Murray Hill. From Los Angeles— J. c.
Drake and wife, Mrs. R. H. Miner, Hol
land House. From San Diego— Dr. L. F.
Wood, Manhattan. From San Jose— W.
J. Sully and wife, Morton House.
Calif or nians in New York.
Columbia.
"The Btorki?" Is in its second week at
the Columbia. The house last night was
good and the audience apparently enjoyed
the play. _^_;
GREAT FALLS, Mont, Nov. 9.—
Through the offices of the commissioner
of the interior, orders were received by
the local land office here to-day with
drawing from land entry 2,142,720 acres of
land In the Great Falls land district. The
action is in accordance with the fight
being made against the taking up of land
under the existing land laws and, with
the previous withdrawal, leaves practi
cally no land subject to entry in the
Great Falls district. Cascade, Choteau
and Teton counties being blanks under
the order.
Public I*ands Withdrawn.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9 — John Alexan
der Dowie, head of the Zlon restoration
hosts, arrived In Washington to-day from
New York. He was In conference with
President Roosevelt for nearly an hour.
The visit, he said, was purely a social
one, and no significance was to be at
tached to it. Dr. Dowie left to-night for
Zlon City via Chicago, traveling in his
private car.
Dowie Has a Chat With Roosevelt.
The Merchants' Association has peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to malte
some provision for the care of graves In
the cemeteries near Point Loboa. It is
urged that proper respect for the dead de
mands that the burial places be kept In a
neat condition.
Cemeteries Need Attention.
Queen. Stowe and Feely, acrobatic com
edians, who present a whirlwind act en
titled "The Joss llpuse Dodger," made a
tr«at hit at both performances at the
Chutes yesterday, as did also Inez and
Odey. the cleverest juvenile team seen in
San Francisco in many a day.
The Chutes.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 9.— With the explana
tion that neither he nor the firm of Dick
Bros. & Co. of Philadelphia has evidence
pertinent to the Blair story, George B.
Graham, attorney for Dick Bros., refuses
the request of Circuit Attorney Folk to
appear before the Grand Jury and testify
In regard to James L. Blair's business
dealings -with his firm. A letter to this
effect was received by Folk to-day.
Will Not Testify Against Blair.
Verdict of Coroner's Jury in Case of
Youth Who Expired After
an Initiation.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 9.— The Coroner's
Jury rendered a verdict to-night that
Martin Loew, a dental student In the
University of Maryland, who was found
dead in bed, came to his death by gases
or drugs administered to him by persons
unknown.
HAZED STUDENT'S DEATH
DUE TO GASES OR DRUGS
John S. Carr, a bookkeeper of this city,
filed a petition in Insolvency' yesterday in
the United States District Court. His lia
bilities are $18,746 and he has no assets.
The principal creditors are J. M. Bills of
San Francisco, $6534; Jesse D. Carr of Sa
linas. $4982, and Walbrldgre Carr of Yreka
J7093.
Insolvent Bookkeeper.
The Central Theater has found a great
drawing card as its spectacular produc
tion of "Uncle Tom's Cabin," which last
r.ight was repeated to a packed house.
The programme contains not only all the
features of the former Cfntral production,
but Introduces In addition new and at
tractive Fpecialties in songs, choruses
and dances. The darky chorus of fifty
people makes a great hit with its Soutli
« m melodies. Encores and curtain calls
¦were the order of the evening.
Central.
HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— Some little criti
cism has been made locally of the Navy
Department's action in sending the tug
Iroquois to Midway Island to take pro
visions and bring back the crew of the
wrecked schooner Julia E. Whalen. It
is claimed that the tug is entering Into
competition with local steamship com
panies, which have plenty of vessels
available for charter for such purposes.
Hawaii Criticizes Navy.
President Roosevelt has commuted the
sentence Imposed upon A. H. Redfeld
from one year's Imprisonment in the
County Jail to the payment of a fine of
$1000. Rehfeld was convicted of ' buying
Government property from soldiers and
was released on bail pending his appeal.
Rehf eld Goes Free.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 8.— A telegram
received by Coroner Pittman to-nisht an
nounced a fatal blast at the Declea quarries
this afternoon. One laborer was killed. Th«
details, are not obtainable at this t!m<\
VIENNA, Nov. 9.— Private telegrams re
ceived here from Sofia say that several
Bulgarian officers have been arrested at
Kustendll, Philippopolis and Bresnlk on
suspicion of plotting against Prince Fer
dinand. Opposition circles assert that the
procedure was a measure of revenge be
cause the officers refused to coerce the
people at the recent elections.
Accused Are Charged With Conspir
ing Against Life of Prince
Ferdinand.
BULGARIAN OFFICERS
ARRESTED FOR PLOTTING
LONDON, Nov. 9.— At the National
Sporting Club to-night Joe Bowker of
Manchester defeated Alf Fellows of Chi
cago in the ninth round for the bantam
weight championship. At Newcastle
Pedlar Palmer, the English pugilist, was
defeated by George Dixon, the American,
In a twenty-round contest for the 120
pound championship.
Joe Bowker Beats Alf Fellows.
BOSTON, Nov. 9. — "There is not a bit
of truth In it, so far aa I am concerned,"
was the comment made to-day by John
Mitchell, president of the United Mine
Workers,, with reference to a dispatch
published to-day which stated that Mitch
ell would become a member of the Cabi
net of President Roosevelt, to succeed
George B. Cortelyou, who was to resume
his former position as secretary to tha
President.
Says He Will Not Enter Cabinet.
James Francis Fitzgerald, a pioneer
resident of this city, passed away yester
day at his home, corner Leavenworth
street and Broadway. Death was primar
ily due to old age. At the time of his
demise the deceased was 77 years of age.
Deceased was well known in this city.
He came here fifty-three years ago and
established himself in the boating busi
ness. His boats plied the water front,
and after tolling for forty years he was
able to retire. He leaves two children
to mourn his loss, Mrs. M. J. Fitzgerald,
wife of the marine reporter for the Mer
chants' Exchange, and Mrs. B. J. Pye.
The funeral will be held from the late
residence on Thursday.
Death of Pioneer Boatman. *
BERKELEY. Nov. 9.— The Berkeley
high school, which won the championship
of the Academic Athletic League by de
feating the Polytechnic high Bchool last
Saturday, has received a challenge from
the Los Angeles high school team to play
a game at Los Angeles on Thanksgiving
day. The team has not yet decided to ac
cept, but probably will do so. The Los
Angeles school is the largest in the State.
Berkeley School Challenged.
Stanford Students Hold Meetings
and Denounce What They De
clare Misstatements.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 9.—
Enclna Hall, the men's dormitory and
center of college activity at Stanford, was
the scene of some indignation meetings,
large and small, yesterday as the result
of an article in a San Francisco paper
about Enclna dormitory and oil-stove
cooking. Resolutions condemnatory of
the persons who were responsible for the
articel were adopted.
President Jordan said this afternoon:
"I read the article and was disgusted
with the contemptible nature of it. In
many details it was absolutely false."
NEWSPAPER ARTICLE
AROUSES COLLEGIANS
HELENA, Mont.. Nov. 9.— The Supreme
Court to-day denied the writ of supervis
ory, control asked for by F. A. Heinze to
set aside the order granted -by Judge
Clancy and decided that the Boston and
Montana should be entitled to permission
to survey the Minnie Healy through the
PIccalo and Gambetta workings. The
Boston and Montana under the terms of
the order is permitted to make weekly
inspections until the appeal in that case
has been decided.
Decision in Mining Case.
John Ferguson, editor of the Ceylon Ob
server and other papers in India, and
who has gained considerable distinction
in English literary circles through his
writings on various subjects and some
note as a lecturer, Is at the Palace, hav
ing arrived from the Far East yesterday
on a tour of this country. ?
Ben Campbell, assistant traffic director
of the Harrlman lines, who has been in
the Orient for the last six months, re
turned yesterday and Is at the Palace. He
went to Ch'lna and Japan partly for pleas
ure and partly for the purpose of inquir
ing into the commercial conditions In the
Orient in the Interest of the Harriman
lines.
P. H. Lannon, former proprietor of the
Salt Lake Tribune, who has been In China
and Japan for several months, returned
yesterday and is staying at the Palace.
Lieutenant H. L. Bingay and Dr. Na
pier Gardiner of the British army, who
are on leaves of absence from the Or
ient, are at the Grand. They are on their
way to London.
. Michael H. Hicks-Beach, son of the
former British Chancellor of the Excheq
uer, arrived here yesterday from the Or
ient on the steamship Korea and is reg
istered at the Grand. The young man is
making a tour of the world.
L. H. Howland, representing in Hawaii
a New York trust company and who has
been deputized by the Territorial Gov
ernment to place in New York its recently
authorized Issuance of 4V6 per cent bonds,
arrived from Honolulu yesterday and is
at the Palace.
Edgar Halstead, a merchant of Hono
lulu, is at the Occidental. He is on his
way to Mexico to look at some mining
properties.
Peter Grant, the well known sporting
man of Portland, Is in this city to attend
the opening of the races next Saturday.
W. W. Markoe of the United States
Coast Survey arrived from Washington
yesterday and i3 at the Occidental.
Count A. Buder-Burch of Brussels, who
has been making a trip through China
and Japan, is a guest at the Palace.
D. A. Honeyman and family have re
turned from a visit to Chicago and are
staying at the. Retina. ,
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. B. Shaver, a merchant of Fresno, is
at the Palace.
Robert Lewers," a prominent merchant
of Honolulu, is registered at the Palace.
Commander Niblock, U. S. N. who has
been ill In Honolulu, is here enjoying a
little recreation.
Tina Ae Spada, who does not lay much
claim to dramatic power, rose finely to
the occasion last night, however, and in
terpreted ToFca with much more strength
than her admirers have given her credit
for possessing. In the musical climaxes
she did not overlook the dramatic
etrecgrth of the opera and her ringing
voice was well heard In the role. Agos
tini was as usual In exceHent voice and
gave his whole vocal genius to the part
of Cavaradcssl. At> Sscarpia. Zaninl em
braced all of the many opportunities the
part offers possible to him. Ills vocal
shortcomings were in less evidence than
usual In the dramatic excitement of the
part. His make-up was, however, a pe
culiar and awful affair. A good house
greeted the production with much enthu
siasm.
The ejjera was well cung and better
acted last night. In none of the operas
¦which they have yet given have the Tiv
oli singers had to look to their acting as
well as to their music so closely as in tlas
tragedy of Puccini's. It Is the latest
word of the music-drama, the dramatic
side so intimately Interwoven with Its mu
sical setting as to be entirely Interdepend
ent. Sardou's play is nothing without
good acting, neither Is Puccini's opera
worth while.
How those tragic minor chords do boom
eut in "La Tosca." The walls and the
throbs of the music make even the lay
men shiver In his Beat and the music lov
ers follow the sway of the wonderful or
chestration in its every intense detail.
And the music lovers were there at the
Tivoli last night— the fishermen from
North Beach and the denizens of Nob
Hill.
Tivoli.
Kid Broad Wins Again.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 9.-KId Broad
defeated Tim Callahan in a ten-round
bout before the Southern Athletic Club
to-night on points. Callahan was best at
long-range fighting, while Broad did the
most punishing at close quarters.
Professor Howlson's observations were
uttered while he w"as discussing with his
class Jonathan Edwards' ethical theories.
BERKELEY, Nov. 9.— Professor Georga
Mills Howison of the philosophy depart
ment of the University or California in
timated to one of his classes to-day that
we charge too many of our troubles
against the Almighty. This tendency he
illustrated by producing a Wells. Fargo
Express receipt, on which was written:
"That Wells. Fargo & Co. shall hot bo
held liable for loss or damage, except as
forwarders only, within their own lines of
communication, nor for any loss or dam
age by flre or casualties of navigation,
and- inland transportation, nor for such
as can be referred to as the acts of God."
"That shows," said Professor Howison.
"the belief commonly held that God is
responsible for the disasters that over
take us in this world. And that company
spells God with a capital G. I believe.
Now, if the Supreme Being Is going about
wrecking the baggage of Wells, Fargo &
Co., he is in a mighty small business."
Professor George Mills Howison Inti
mates That We Blame tho
Creator Too Much.
BAGGAGE SMASHING SMALL
BUSINESS FOR ALMIGHTY
ST. PAUL, Nov. 9.— A petition In bank
ruptcy was filed in the United States
Court to-day against Casper Ernst, the
former capitalist and promoter, who is
now in jail on a warrant charging him
with forgery and embezzlement.
The petitioners, who ask that Ernst
be declared bankrupt, are: Stephen
Trent of Racine, Wis.; A. Lindefelt of
Brooklyn, and John C. Wlltsen of Wat
sonville. Cal. The two first named are
understood to be Catholic priests. They
allege that they hold notes signed by
Ernst on which he has not paid inter
est. The application is for the purpose of
trying to realize on Ernst's estate.
Creditors Demand That Casper Ernst
Be Jailed and Declared
Bankrupt.
ST. PAUL CAPITALIST
CHARGED WITH FORGERY
OAKLAND. Nov. 9.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: William A. Shields, 43, San
Francisco, and Mrs. Clara V. Andrews, 33,
Oakland; Frank N. Rodgers. 22. Portland,
Or., and Leona M. Ryan, 23, Roseburg,
Or.; Joseph R. Jarvis, 29, Berkeley, and
Mary G. Peterson, 23, Decoto; Ray T.
George, 21, and Mabel Frazer, 18, both of
Ukiah; William B. Fardig, 18, and Vic
toria Hendrickson. 13, both of Berkeley:
Peter J. Allen, 27, Oakland, and Margaret
A. Baehn, 25. Elmhurst; Edward J.
Earley, over 21, and Emma Lucas, over
18, both of San Francisco; Manuel S.
Lewis, 45, and Angeline Agusta, 40, both
of San Leandro; Peter Skovmaud, 21, and
Florence Dobson, 24, both of Frultvale;
Archie W. Leavy, 23, and Emma V. King,
19, both of Oakland; William Whitlow,
over 21, Washington, D. C, and Salome
Waltz, over 18, Alameda.
Marriage Licenses.
HONOLULU, Nov. 3.— Private corre
sondence from Washiongton states that
the Department of Justice has decided
against Attorney George A. Davis in the
matter of the latter's appeal against his
disbarment by the Supreme Court of Ha
waii. District Attorney Breckons was in
structed to investigate the matter and
sent a report to Washington which is
said to have been adverse to Davis.
Decision Against Attorney Davis.
Three-base hits — Casey, Janslng. Sacrifice
hit — Dolan. First base on called balls — Oft
Knell 6, oft Barber 3. Left on bases — Sacra
mento «. Seattle 8. Struck out— By Knell 1.
by Barber 2. Hit by pitcher — McLaughlin.
Double plays — McLaughlln to Hogaii; Graham
to Casey. Wild pitch — Knell. Time of game
— One hour and forty-fire minutes. . Umpire —
O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento ......0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hit* ...... 0 0 10 0 12 0 1 — 5
Seattle 0 0 0 1 2 O 0 0 x— 3
Base hits ....:. 2 0 0 1 3 0 1 1 x— 8
Totals 32 0 6 24 30i Totals 28 3 S 27 11
RUNS AST) HITS BY IXXIXGS.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.— A pitchers'
battle between Barber for Seattle and
Knell for Sacramento resulted in the
Senators being shut out. This was no
fault of Knell's, as the men behind him,
handicapped by the absence of Hilde
brand, Eagan and Townsend, could not
hit a balloon. Knell was the only man
to get two safe hits. -Umpire O'Connell
was recalled to San Francisco and Levy
will supersede him. Score:
Sacramento — I Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AD. R. H. P.A.
Doyle.es. 4 O 0 0 5!Lumly,cf 3 0 13 0
Casey,2b 2 0 11 O!Mohlr,2b 3 0 0 2 «
MLgln.lf 3 0 11 l|Smith,rf. 4 13 3 0
Khehn.3b 4 0 0 3 2 Brsher.lb 4 0 0 10 0
Grham,c. 3 0 0 7 lllnioar.lf 4 1110
Hoean.lb 4 0 0 11 OJJnsnK.3b 2 12 13
Knell, p. 4 0 2 1 llDoIan.ss. 3 0 1 2 2
lOefe.cf 4 O 1 0 « Byers.c. 4 0 0 4 0
Thmaa.rf 4 0 0 0 0 Barber, p. 10 0 10
SENATORS ARE SHUT OUT.
Pitchers' Battle at Sacramento Re
sults in Victory for Seattle.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 9.— Bessie
Knecht, the "sleeping girl," whose case
has attracted so much attention In medi
cal circles throughout the country*. Is
dead. Miss Knecht was taken to a hos
pital last February in an unconscious or
sleeping condition and for forty-seven
days she remained In that condition.
Later she partially revived, but soon sank
into a comatose condition again and never
fully regained consciousness.
"Sleeping Girl" Is Dead.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 9.— John R. Mur
phy, clerk of the St. Louis Court of Ap
peals, denounced as forgeries the signa
tures to ten naturalization certificates
shown him at the trial of the triple natur
alization fraud cases in the United States
District Court to-day. When asked in
whose handwriting the alleged forgeries
were, he said: "To the best of my Judg
ment, it Is the handwriting of Thomas E.
Barrett."
Proclaims Forgeries in Court.
It is recalled that the surgeons at that
time made nothing of the first operation
upon Emperor Frederick. There is anxi
ety because both Emperor William's
father and mother died of cancer and his
grandmother, Augusta, also was so af
flicted. The Emperor's aunt, the Grand
duchess of Baden, as is well known in
Germany, Is suffering from the same mal
ady.
It will take months to decide whether
the fears now entertained are unfounded.
At present the whole weight of scientific
authority which is in attendance upon
the Emperor affirms that he has not can
cer.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Information con
tained in private dispatches received here
shows that the operation upon Emperor
William is similar to the first one per
formed upon his father, and, consequently
causes concern to his household. The offi
cial statement issued by the surgeons
falls to reassure, because It is well un
derstood that, for reasons of state, the
Emperor would be given the benefit of
any doubt as to the true character of his
disease.
EMPEROR'S FAMILY WORRIED.
Death of Kaiser's Parents by Cancer
Is Unhappily Recalled.
WAYNESBURG. Pa., Nov. 9.— Four
persons are under arrest at Rice Landing
charged with the murder of Alexander
Jones, a miner, whose body was found in
a field last Monday morning, the back of
his head having been crushed. The ac
cused are Mrs. Jones, wife of the mur
dered man; Thomas Loving and Daniel
Jefferson. It is alleged that evidence has
developed which leads to the theory that
Jones was murdered for the purpose of
securing $350 insurance upon Jones' life.
Murdered for Insurance.
The station has been established six
years, during which many kinds of com
mercial plants have been grown there to
ascertain the adaptability of the soil.
"In addition to these reasons there Is
the other that the station has outlived Its
usefulness," said Dr. Hilgard to-day.
"We have got all the good we could out
of it. The £500 that we have been spend
ing on it will now be turned into other
channels."
On the ground that it has outlived its
usefulness and that the people for whose
benefit it was established are not partial
to It. the University of California proposrs
to abandon the agricultural sub-station
In the foothill region of Amador County,
near Jackson. The abandonment of this
plant means a considerable loss to the
activities of the region, not only because
of the $2500 that has been expended upon
It annually, but also for the reason that
It has conferred a general benefit upon all
cf the northern counties.
The recommendation for its abandon
ment will be made to the Board of Re
gents by Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean
of the Agricultural College. It will be
acted upon at the regents' meeting to
morrow and will without doubt be
adopted.
The reasons for the abandonment of
the foothill station are given In the re
cent review of the work of the sub
stations as published in the report of the
Agricultural College for the last two
years. In part it reads as follows:
"The remoteness of this sub-station
from railroad facilities still remains a
serious handicap to its development on
broader lines. While situated in a region
in some respects comparable to the
Placer County foothill district, it Is next
to impossible to Induce fruit growers of
the latter district to consider the results
obtained as of any direct value to them.
It Is unfortunate that the prospects of
securing a railroad Into Jackson, which
were eo promising when the station was
established, have not been fulfilled. The
region is primarily a mining center. Agri
culture and horticulture are, therefore, of
secondary importance. Under these con
ditions the Influence of the station must
be considered local. Its existence can
hardly claim to be of prime importance
to the welfare of the agricultural and
horticultural interests of the Jackson dis
trict."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center street, Nov. 9.
licious brtraypd evident signs of amuse
ment when the lady's contortions loosened
li~r skirt.
John B. Mnhrr's private secretary was
fhroujrhout a pleasure. He made one for
pet Frank Bacon. His picture of the
par.dy-locked. ppindle-le&ged. old-maidish
Spaulding was admirably consistent,
never overdrawn, always sufficient and
p.ttaininp a notable degree of finish. And
a delightful character it is. The Alcazar
is to be warmly congratulated en the pos
session of Mr. Maher, of tbe best of the
now people.
Mr. Cattermole. done by George Op
bourne, is well in line with Mr. Maher's
Spaulding. Mr. Osboume is always
there, and as th<» Irascible uncle of the
scapegrace nephew is peculiarly well
suited It is a vigorous, humorous con
ception. Mr. Durkin is the scapegrace
nephew, young Cattermole. He was easy
«>nd boyish in the part, though its hu
mor seemed to slip by him occasionally.
A sightly person the new leading man
is and has evidently established himself
as a high favorite.
Little Miss Starr girlish, fresh, un
tpoiled. was charming es Eva W>bster.
Phe Is that rare thing, the veritable in
genue, and very welcome therefore. Miss
Starr has th* high art of giggling at her
finger tips. Miss Block is handsome and
engaging a*> Edith Marsland. but the part
offers her no great opportunity. The rest
fi!l in more or less usefully and the piece
is beautifully staged.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
And ••The Private Secretary" stands
well In the forefront of its kind. One
doesn't need to wash one's teeth afttr
laughing at It to begin with. And there
is much laughter. One likes its people
and its story, the story told with the neat
*Ft of farcical logic. True, when the
tempo of the acting slows up a bit, as it
did occasionally last night, there are gaps
in the plausibility. But that is not the
j'lsy's fault. Nor the players. A week H
rot cufficient to speed the farce to the
snappy t>mpo demanded. That the Alca
zar people do so well with it is indeed
matter for wonder.
Ther#» is but one disaster In the cast-
Miss Marie Howe's Miss Ashford. Miss
Howe, who has done much good work, is
here* completely at sea. Her splritialistic
ppinster is a cross between an e».leptic
end a 6t. Yitus dancer, the scenes in
which she appears thrown completely out
(f Tocuf by tbe meaningless exaggera
tion. Mifs Howe also swms curiously to
r< gard a carriage at an angle of 4D degrees
—backward— as peculiarly apropos to th<*
« haractcr. One wonders why. Thf ma-
Of the earlier farce comedtea perhaps
none better bears revival than "The Pri
vate Secretary." that they are giving this
Tve«k at the Alcazar. Charles Hawtrey
U\ England. William Gillette here, in their
respective adaptations, found the farce
among their happiest mediums. To-d*ay
it li equally attractive.
They were building very good farce
comedy when "The Private Secretary"
v.as made. It was not th« unhappy me
lange of horse-play, tattered Jest and un
savory situations that the g*nr<> has since
to largely berome. Humor, unforced and
unsciltd. was its Inevitable accomplish
ment. Situations grew naturally from the
play of character upon character, the
portraits touched in with as much care as
was bestowed upon the dramatis personae
of the serious play. The cad, bad, mad
specialty was non t-st; the dialogue pos
t-ssed the outworn distinction tf being
pranimatlral ae well as human.
The scene of the murder is Just one
block from the spot where Celia saw
Crudo and Migalo quarreling and the po
lice think that Migalo followed Crudo and
that he renewed the quarrel with his
enemy, which resulted in the murder.
The description given by persons who
saw three men running away from the
scene of the murder tallies with that of
Crudo, Reccetto and Tupo.
"I went down in a cellar with my
friends,'^ said Celia, "to get some wine
The last I saw of Migalo he was stand
ing where I left him and Crudowas going
toward the cdrner of Kearny street. Ten
minutes later a man came into the wine
cellar and said that Migalo had been
shot."
Celia declares that Crudo and Migalo
engaged in a bitter quarrel about the af
fair of Crudo buying out Migalo's boot
black stand and that high words passed.
It is claimed by Celia that Crudo cursed
Migalo and told him he would buy out
any business he engaged in.
CELIA CONTRADICTS CRUDO.
Crudo's statement that he parted good
friends with Migalo at the corner of Green
and Dupont streets is contradicted by
Guiseppe Celia. who operates a bootblack
stand at California and Kearny streets.
Celia said yesterday that he was with
three friends on Sunday night at Green
and Dupont streets, when he rhet Migalo
and another man. They engaged in con
versation and then Crudo, with Vito Tupo
and Pietro Migalo, came up and Joined
the gathering.
Both Crudo and Reccetto denied any
knowledge of the killing of Migalo. but
the police feel confident that they are
the men implicated in the murder and
therefore detained them.
Reccetto when questioned by the detec
tives told a contradictory story. He as
serted that he and Migalo had been in
the Dupont-street saloon on Sunday night
playing "muro" and that his cousin,
Crudo, had not been in the place all even
ing.
When Crudo was questioned by the de
tectives he admitted that he had been
with Migalo on Sunday night in the saloon
on Dupont street and that they had
played "muro" together, the third party
being Crudo's cousin, Reccetto.
Crudo said Migalo had quarreled with
him, but that they finally parted friends
at the corner of Green and Dupont
streets, and that he, Crudo, then went to
his home close by.
TELL CONFLICTING STORIES.
The men were engaged in playing the
Italian game of "muro," and had high
words about the purchase of Migalo'a
bootblack stand. Friends intervened and
separated th© two men.
The quarrel waa resumed at the corner
of Green and Dupont streets and a few
minutes later the shot was' fired that
killed Migalo. - "- - ' " " •.
He "was found by his son John a few
minutes after the shooting and was alive
at the time. Migalo said to his son, "My
God, I am shot," but was unable to tell
the name of his slayer, as he died almost
instantly after making his exclamation.
John Migalo claimed yesterday that he
would produce two Witnesses who heard
Migalo say right after the shooting, "Joe,
why have you shot me," but he refused
to give the names of these witnesses.
Joseph Crudo went to the Hall of Jus
tice yesterday and had a talk with Victor
Demartinl, the official interpreter. He
said he had Just dropped Into see Demar
tini, and though it was known in the Ital
ian quarter that Crudo was suspected of
being implicated In the murder, the police
were all at sea regarding whom suspicion
pointed at. Later on Crudo was arrested
at his home and taken to the Hall of
Justice. . .
HAD A BITTER QUARREL.
Crudo bought out the right to operate
the bootblack stand run by Migalo at
Eddy and Taylor streets, paying $200 to
the saloonkeeper where the stand was lo
cated. This occurred about two months
ago, and since that time Migalo has fre
quently quarreled with Crudo.
Investigation made yesterday showed
that Crudo and Migalo were seen to
gether last Sunday night in the saloon
formerly owned by Crudo at 1405 Dupont
street.
The bad feeling between Crudo and
Migalo, caused by their appearing on dif
ferent sides at the trial of Pagano, led to
further trouble.
Two Italians, Joseph Crudo and his
cousin, Batista Reccetto, were arrested
yesterday by the police and held at tne
Hall of Justice, their names being en
tered on the detinue book. The police ex
pect to prove that Crudo is the man who
fired the shot that killed Migalo.
Considerable excitement reigned yester
day in the Italian quarter, factions tak
ing sides in the quarrel that led to the
killing of Migalo. Mainly through the ef
forts of John Migalo, a son of the mur
dered man, the evidence was forthcoming
that points suspicion at the two men un
der arrest. Chief of Detectives Martin
and Detectives Harry Reynolds and Ed
Wren maintained a sphinx-like attitude
all day yesterday and positively refused
to divulge any evidence in their posses
sion.
The story is that Migalo was shot by
Crudo in a quarrel and that Reccetto,
his cousin, and a man named Vito Tupo
were eyewitnesses.
Migalo, who was a married man, for
irerly kept a bootblack stand at Eddy and
Taylor streets. Lately he operated a
stand on Fourth street.
MURDER LEADS TO MURDER.
The first bad blood that led to the kill-
Ing of Migalo was caused in the trial for
murder of Vincero Pagano, a former part
ner of Joseph Crudo, some months ago.
Pogano was accused of the murder of
his uncle, Pasqualle Faro. Pagano was
acquitted in Judge Dunn's court by the
Jury on the ground of self-defense.
Crudo and Migalo were witnesses in the
trial of Pagano. Crudo testified for Pa
gano that he had heard Faro make
threats to kill Pagano, while Migalo was
a witness for the prosecution.
A feud of long standing undoubtedly led
to the murder of Prospero Migalo, the
Italian bootblack, who was killed late last
Sunday evening at the corner of Green
and Kearny streets.
I wish to brand that statement a falsehood.
It Is absolutely absurd upon Us face that I
¦would for a moment consider such a thing.
The only time that I have ever been asso
ciated with Mrs. Anderson outside the church
wai In Aueust of this year, when I went to
Beveral real estate dealers at her request ana
assisted her in securing a house in which to
live. No word of engagement or marrlaga ever
passed between u«.
I have never before stated to this congrega
tion my ace. I will now state that I am 33
years of age. This woman who claims that I
promised to marry her Is more than CO years
of age. There seems to be something behind
all this and I propose to have a thorough in
vestigation, and, if possible, land the guilty
parties behind prison bars.
Nearly every minister of this church during
the last twenty years has had trouble of some
kind with members of the congregation. They
have put rollers under some of them and rolled
th»>m out of the church. Such methods will
not avail with me. for I intend to remain pas
tor of this church for the n»xt three years at
least, and If any one leaves it will not be me.
There was much excitement at. the con
clusion of the minister's statement, and
many of the members of u»e congrega
tion crowded around their pastor, offering
him their sympathy and promising their
support.
The Rev. O. E. Jones is a native of
Ohio. He studied theology at Wllber
force, and has been in the ministry for
seven years, and has been pastor of his
present church for three years. He re
sides at 856 Nineteenth street.
Mrs. Anderson lives at 513 East Twelfth
6treet. She has been twice married.
Before he made the public announce
ment of the actions of Mrs. Anderson the
pastor had requested a committee of the
members of the church to call upon her
and attempt to persuade her to desist
from further pressure of her matrimonial
claims. Mrs. Anderson told the mem
bers of t.ie committee that she had no
intention of trying to force the Rev. -»ir.
Jones to fulfill hia obligation, but that
she would maintain to her dying day that
the minister had promised to marry her.
After making the announcement that
Mrs. Anderson had circulated the story
of the alleged engagement, the pastor
said:
The Rev. O. E. Jones, pastor of
the Afro-American Methodist Episcopal
Church, on Fifteenth street, made a sen
sational statement to the congregation
after hla eermon last night to the ef
fect that Mrs. Maria Anderson, widow of
the late Rev. J. F. Anderson of East Oak
land, had been circulating a report that
he was engaged to marry her.
The minister, after relating trie story as
he had heard it, branded the statement
of the widow as absolutely false and
without foundation. He stated that he
was but 33 years of age, while Mrs. An
derson was nearly 70, and for that reason,
if for no other, he would not consider
such a proposition. The minister also said
that unless the annoyance ceased he
should invoke the aid of the law to pro
tect himself against further persecution.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Nov. 9.
Larsen had been at work unloading cans
from the freight car which stood on a
Biding at the cannery. The next track
was that on which the Los Angeles train
was approaching. Larsen had finished
the Job In the car and stepped off with
out observing the train that struck him
just as he alighted on the track.
The train was stopped and Larsen,
senseless and dying, was taken to Oak
land, but he was dead before the Six
teenth street station was reached. The
body was removed to the morgue. Lar
sen was a Swede. A wife and three chil
dren, residing at 58 Park avenue, Emery
ville, survive him.
John Larsen, 39 years old, a laborer
employed at the Central Cannery, Emery
ville, Jumped from a' boxcar this noon on
to the main line tracks of the Southern
Pacific Company and was instantly killed
by the westbound Loa Angeles express
train.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 9.
The burned dwelling was occupied by
Mrs. L..E. McCoppin as a boarding house.
Mrs. McCoppin and her gueBts were
forced to leave in a hurry after the
alarm was sounded, as the fire had gained
considerable headway. The guests were
Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Sabin, Mrs. A. A.
Goodwin, H. T. Nowell, Harry Toohy
and R. Ik. Zimmerman. The damage was
J2000. . .
Flre Chief Kenny would not say that
President Wheeler acted the hero or
saved Hearst Hall all by himself, but, at
any rate, he relied a good deal on his
Judgment. Mr. Wheeler was active in
pointing: out to Chief Kenny the places
where the water would do the most good,
and invariably the firemen followed bis
advice— because It was good advice. . He
wasn't afraid of soiling his hands or get
ting his clothes wet, either, and often as
sisted with the hose.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California knows how to
fight flre as well as he knows how to di
rect a college full of young men and co
eds. While a fire raged in a dwelling on
College way, near Hearst Hall, at day
light this morning, President Wheeler
scurried around and helped the volun
teer flre department pour water on the
J'.ames. ' '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street, Nov. 9.
Among the guests were Colonel John
P. Iri3h. Colonel H. Weinstock, M. J.
Keller, Thos. J. Thompson. E. II. Vance.
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, Philip R. Thayer.
A. H. Trathen. A. S. Todd. John IL Ste
vens. "William B. Todd. Charles J. Schu
ler, R. T. Stratton. Edwin Stearns, H. M.
Sanborn. Alex Stewart, Dr. Dudley
Smith, W. E. Roda, George Roeth. Byron
Rutley, George W. Rotlolph, It S. Mac
key, J. P. Maxwell, S. M. M. Kenney, J.
W. McClymomls, Rev. Owen Hotle. Hugh
Hogan. J. H. Pond. E. E. Bliss. Dr. G. E.
Brinckerhoff, John A. Britton, Julius
Abrahamson. Andrew Dalzlel. W. E. Cor
der. F. B. Cook, D. Edward Collins, II.
J. Corcoran Jr.. H. C. Capwell. Rollin S.
Collins. Willis H. Collins. F. Cutting. II.
R. Buswell, E. Bishop. H. K. Hamilton.
W. D. Huntington, M. T. Holcomb. E. M.
Gibson, E. Fritsch. 1L Friedlander. G.
\V. Fisher. George E. Fairchild. R. R.
Farish. John W. Evans. Henry A. Dodge.
S. M. Dodge. G. P. Dlmpfel. Rev. Thomas
A. Boyer, John W. Metcalf. B. Llssner.
F. W. Laufer, William J. Laymance, H.
F. Kellogg. Charles W. Kellogg, Sol
Kahn and W. A. Kling.
"The Y. M. C. A. of this city Is about
to make a great forward movement: it
is about to erect a new house for thia
branch of this great organization."
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh spoke of the ob
jects of the Y. M. C. A.
H. Welnstock of Sacramento applaud
ed the work of the Y. M. C. A. and de
clared that an investment in a home for
the organization such as was contem
plated in Oakland was the best invest
ment that citizens could make, as It
meant the betterment of the city's young
men.
Colonel John P.- Irish presided at the
banquet, and In a short address told of
the work which had been dons for tha
new home of the association. He said in
part:
"What we need at tho present day is
an Improved order of men, and it is the
function of the Y. M. C. A. to see that
young men, who are exposed to all kinds
of temptations and pitfalls, do not fall.
This Is an Institution which is not de
pendent upon any one church or sect,
but Is supported by Jew and gentile alike.
The announcement was made at a ban
quet and reunion of the soliciting com
mittees of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation held this evening at the Hotel
Metropole that a friend who wished to
remain unknown had contributed (40,000
to tha found for the erection of a new
Y. M. C. A. building In Oakland. The
announcement was received with, cheers
by tbe members of the citizens' committee
of one hundred and the young business
men's committee of one hundred, who
have been working: hard to ralsa the fund
of $150,000 necessary for the new buildine.
of which $30,000 has been raised. Tbe giti
was announced by George X>. Gray in be
half of the donor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Nov. 9.
Central Finds Great Draw
ing Card in "Uncle
Tom's Cabin."
In Presence of Congregation
He Brand3 Her Claim
a3 False.
University Will Spend Money
Saved to Work in Other
Directions.
Joseph Crudo "Arrested on
Suspicion of Firing !
Fatal Shot.
Cannery- Laborer 19 Killed
by Los Angeles Express
at Emeryville.
Flames Consume Dwelling
and Endanger Hearst
> Hall.
Annomftement Is Made at
Banquet of Soliciting
. Oommittees.
"La Tosca" Thrills Aud
ience at the Tivoli
Opera Housa
Workman Lands. Di
rectly in Front of a
Moving Train.
Agricultural Men Find
It No Longer Useful
to Growers.
Rev. O. E. Jones Says
He Is Not Engaged to
Mrs. Anderson.
Murder of Italian Fol
lows Quarrel of Long
Standing.
Friend of Institution Do
nates $40,000 to the
Building Fund.
President of University
Assists Volunteer
Firemen.
ALCAZAR REVIVES
FINE, OLD FARCE
PASTOR DENIES
PROMISE TO WED
AMADOR STATION
TO BE CLOSED
MIGILO'S DEATH
IS DUE TO FEUD
LEAPS TD BERTH
FROM A BOXCAR
WHEELER HELPS
PUT OUT BLAZE
SPLENDID GIFT
TO THE Y. M. C. A.
THE SAN FKANCiSCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
RAGLAND, Ala., Nov. 9.— Reports have
reached here from Coal City that a negro
named Charles Young was lynched there
Saturday for an attack on Mrs. Barbour,
a. white woman, v , j
Alabama Negro Lynched.
BERLIN, Nov. 9.— The San Jose scale
has been discovered on American apples
at the Dutch frontier. The German au
thorities are taking steps to prevent Its
spread. :.;./-
Scale on German Apples.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— A daughter—
their first child— was born to John D; and
Mrs. Rockefeller Jr. to-day. Mrs. Rocke
feller is the daughter of United Stales
Senator Aldricn of Rhode Island.
Rockefellers Have an Heiress.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-ArrivaIs at
the New Wlllard— Hon. George C. Per
kins, J. D. Slbley and wife,' Mra. J. D.
Bailey, Miss Bailey, San Francisco. At
the Raleigrh— Mra. Leon Guggenheim, two
daughters and two son*
Calif ornians in Washington.
LONDON, Nov. 9.— When questioned as
to the truth of the reports in the Irish
newspapers that he would probably resign
the leadership of the Irish parliamentary
paTty nnd Join William O'Brien in retire
ment John Redmond to-day telegraphed
as follows from Dublin: "The report is
Quite untrue. The party remains united."
Redmond Will Not Resign;
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APPETITE'S GONE.
Food eaten without appetite al-
ways causes gastric disturbances,
because unless the glands of the
stomach are stimulated by a de-
sire for food no digestive juices
are formed. Consequently the
food is wasted and clogs up the
bowels. For Loss of Appetite and
Constipation there is nothing to
equal the Bitters. Try a dose be-
fore meals. It also cures Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion, Insomnia and
Malaria, Fever and Ague.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
FREE DENTISTRY.
ASTXSTZC OOXiB FILLINGS
Fainlessly inserted for cost of material Teet»
cleaned and regulated free. Natural locking
artificial teeth made to fit the most difncult
cases. . "^i>, :
All our work li guaranteed tor 20 years.
Usirc the purest gtAd. our fllUnga will not turn
black or fall out. I
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
Painless Methods— Extraction Yf.
Graduates Only. Cleaning Free.
POST-GBADTTATi: DE2ITAI. COLLEGE
San Franci«co — 3 Taylor Str««t.
Oakland— 973 WMhln*ton Street.
Son Jos»— 45 sart Saata cj^ B tx««*."" WALLEJO,'" '• Novi. ' ,' O-'-^The / United ; States
training , ship ''Adams • left ; the navy yard , at f 1
o'clock this afternoon for her southern, cruise
with i
' SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9.— Governor Par
dee has reprieved Bert Ross until Decem
ber 16. ; This is. the ninth reprieve of \ Ross, \
five" by . the ; f ormer and "four by
the ' present^ Governor of .Calif ornla.
Ross Gets Ninth Reprieve.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 2 9.— The Home Tele
phone Company's ; petition for a franchise
was granted by the. City Council; to-night,
notwithstanding th^; committee on* fran
chises reported unfavorably. ?.The measure
was ; carried ], by; a^vote j of ; 12 ;•: for ; and i 6
against ¦* in /one '¦; body; and 6 : for and k 3
against 1 in" tho other body / of ? the> dual
board:;-, There ,was ; a hot; discussion; over
the " matter.*:* during f which ¦ one?, member
called; another! a; liar .and was'by « film
termed : a blackguard.'- '-. r " ; "'.:".
San Diego Councihnen Speak'--Vig
orously During a Telephone *
¦ 'Franchise; Debate. - .
"LIAB!" "BL ACKGTTABD !"
THEIR GENTLE "EPITHETS
; SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 9.— The, new
placers discovered at the headwaters of
the Sushitna are as rich as any hereto
fore discovered in Alaska, according jto
Albert White of Valdes, who. first sent
prospecting parties into the -country.
Out of the Discovery claim on Valdes
Creek 100 . ounces of gold was taken : ; , in
fifteen days by two men. On August 16
four men on the same creek,; 200 miles
from the mouth of the river/took $385'In
nine- hours. . The gold is bright yellow > in
color t and is .reported to be 'generally,
coarse
Claims at the Headwaters of the
Sushitna Said to Be
" Profitable.
BICH PLACERS YIELD
AN" ABUNDANCE OF GOLD
Edward Approves Betrothal.
LONDON, Noy. 10.— It Is said U.at King
Edward has approved the engagement of
Prince Alexander of Teck to Princess
Alice of Albany.
Passengers from Puget Sound to Nome
between May and November numbered
5553 and those returning 7160. The larger
number of arrivals resulted from the fact
that many/ of -those coming -out reached
Nome .' from Tanana* or the upper Yukon
camps.*.-.- v • ';,;"¦ ¦.'".--¦,'; '-
'Nome's * present: population is likewise
smaller ' than; that of last winter. The
transportation companies were paid $650,
000 J in k , passenger - fares ~ and . $1,600,000 , for
freight I shipped -to : Nome. The - freight
aggregated 110,000 • tons, valued - at $11,000,-
OOO/rv The average passenger, fare was,$50
and I the average -freight rate $15 person.
Nearly forty, steamers and sailing, vessels
made ? from one to six round trip voyages
each; to Nome.;,
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— The compilation of
traffic receipts between Pu>jet j Sound and
Cape S Nome" shows that I business of all
kinds to. and from Nome during the last
season exceeded $19,000,000. . This was near
ly $2,500,000 greater than the showing of
the previous year and was nearly treble
the actual gold shipments from Nome and
the lower r. Yukon; • including Koyukuk.
Such . shipments amounted to less than
$7,000,000. ";¦ . ' ' ' ; ¦¦¦-: i-\: ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Big Totals in Puget
Sound and Cape
No m 9 Rec eip ts.
VALLEJO, Nov. 9.— Yesterday evening
Johnny Doyen, the six-year-old son of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Doyen of Capitol
street, was on Virginia-street wharf
with his little sister when he went too
near /the edge of the wharf and fell over
into the bay. His little sister shouted
for help and John McEnroy, 70 years
old, threw off his coat and jumped into
the water.
The little fellow had sunk once, and
as he rose again his rescuer seized him.
At this moment Herbert L. Hatch, first
mate of the . General Frtsbe, which was
lying at the wharf, heard the commotion
and leaped into the bay, bringing the boy
and his rescuer to land.
Heroic Action of a Vallejo Resident
and Mate of the ,
; / Frisbie.
AGED MAN PLUNGES
. y INTO BAY FOR CHILD
The case in .which Mrs. Tingley was
awarded a judgment of $7500 against Gen
eral * Otis and the Los Angeles Times is
still on appeal and the recent action "of
the Supreme Court has : nothing to do
with It. , ; , -
In this damage suit the defendants ap
plied for a change of venue to Los Ange
les : County and Judge Conkling granted
that change over the objection of the
Tingley attorneys. From his decision on
the motion for , a change of venue the
Tingley • side appealed ' to the Supreme
Court and it Is this appeal that has been
decided. This means | that the damage
suit, if it ls ever tried, will be heard be
fore one of the' departments of the" Su
perior Court In ¦ Los Angeles instead of
San Diego. " ' . >
While the libel suit was pending an In
surance agent named Schmidt was ar
rested for having sent certain letters . to
Mrs. Tingley, it being alleged that he had
demanded money to settle certain things
in connection with the other cases. As a
result of Schmidt's ) alleged action Mrs.
Tingley sued General Otis; his editor, H.
E. Andrews, and a reporter for $76,000
damages for alleged attempt to black
mail, the suit being for the purpose of
having some Influence upon the case then
under consideration. : .' .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— The recent ac
tion of the State Supreme Court in dis
missing the appeal in the case of Katherine
Tlngley, against General Harrison Gray
Otis does not in the least affect the case
to ' which that action was applied nor
does it apply at all to the suit of Mrs.
Tlngley for alleged libel, which is also on
appeal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As a member of the firm of, McCabe &
Hamilton, doing the largest stevedoring
business on Pujjet Sound, Hamilton has
become prominent in marine affairs all
over the Pacific Coast. The firm ha3 of
fices at all Puget Sound ports and Hono
lulu. Hamilton came here from New York
fifteen years ago, shortly after leaving
college. ; ,
TACOMA, Nov. 9. — Physicians and
friends have nearly given up hopes for
the recovery of State Senator Edward S.
Hamilton, who is suffering rrom typhoid
fever and pneumonia. He was taken ill
two weeks ago on returning from a trip
through Eastern Washington, made to ad
vance his candidacy for United States
Senator to succeed Senator Foster. He
has been constantly getting worse, and
the fever is now at its height
State politics are practically in statu
quo during Senator Hamilton's illness, his
candidacy for the Senatorshlp having an
Important bearing in many directions.
During three sessions of the Legislature
he has led forces that prevented tho
passage of a bill creating a State railroad
commission. He is a man of magnetic
personality, of powerful physique, intense
activity and -has the reputation in State
politics of accomplishing whatever he
starts out to do. He managed the cam
paign which culminated in the election
of Senator Foster, and greatly compli
cated local politics by announcing his can
didacy a few weeks ago, thereby dividing
the ! Republican support in Foster's own
county. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
Condition of a Washing
ton Legislator Causes
Anxiety.
Supreme Court Decision
Affects Only One-
Feature, v
STOCKTON, Nov. 9.— The planing mills
of this city were unexpectedly 1 shut down
to-day and all the men are out of work.
Before the first of this month the union
men presented a demand for higher
wages and a number of other concessions.
They were under the impression that the
demand would be granted until Saturday
night, when they were paid off under the
old schedule. This morning the em
ployes refused to return to theJr benches
unless they were paid the new schedule.
The mill owners refused and the men
walked out. The old rates were $3 50 for
what are termed stickers and $2 50 for
bench men. The union demanded an in
crease to $4 for stickers and $3 for bencn
men for eight hours.
Demands of Union in Stockton Are
Not Granted and Men
Walk Out.
PIiANTNG-MILI.S CLOSE
AND EMPLOYES ARE IDLE
T1NGLEY CASE
NOT YET ENDED
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. — Bpedal Agent Mc-
Nlcnol of the Indian Bureau has reported his
arrhal at the Pine Rldxe Agency and to-day
began hia Investigation of the recent Indian
trout les.
XAPA. Not. 9.— After a long Illness J. C.
Sirr.pk'.r.s, a well known resident of Xapa
County, died at his home In Coombsville Sun
day afternoon. He was a native of England,
ezed €1 years. He had been a resident of Napa
County for nearly a quarter of a century.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 9.— Paul
Hoynfelt, an inmate of the Southern Cal
ifornia State Hospital, committed suicide
this atjernoon by throwing himself in
front of the Santa Fe loop train near the
Colonel Seymour place.
The man had been rather gloomy for
some time, but no thought of his attempt
ing to take his life entered the minds of
the officials of the institution. He walk
ed down the track to the point where he
made the fatal leap and concealed himself
behind a clump of brush until the train
was upon him. He was killed instantly.
He was committed from Los Angeles two
years ago and was about 50 years old.
¦¦¦" — •
Suicide of an Inmate of a State Hos
pital in Southern Cal
ifornia.
INSANE MAN" THROWS
HIMSELF BEFORE TRAIN
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— Despondency and
a love quarrel caused a woman known as
May Jones to commit suicide this even
ing. She swallowed a large dose of car
bolic acid and died in forty minutes. Her
right name is said to have been Miss L.
M. Schlmmer. She came here from San
Francisco several years ago. She had a
room in a lodging-house on West Santa
Clara street. It ls said she had been
drinking and had a quarrel with her lover.
Securing the poison ehe went to her room
and took It. Her gefeams aroused the
house and medical aid was summoned,
but nothing could be done for the woman,
who died in terrible agony. She was
about 35 years of age. She left no word
explaining her act.
WOSIAN DRINKS ACID
AND ENDS HER LIFE
Despondency and a Love Quarrel
Cause a Suicide in San
Jose.
The principal accusation against Signor
Rosano was that he received $10,000 from
an anarchist, Bergamasco, to use his In
fluence to have Bergamasco released from
police surveillance, w hich compelled him
to live constantly in a stated pisce, which
the Minister succeeded in doing.'
When a young man Signor Rosano tried
to commit suicide. He was one of the
greatest of Italian lawyers. I
ROME, Nov. 9.— Since the formation of
the new Cabinet the Socialists had at
tacked Signor Rosano, the Minlster\ of
Finance, charging him with corruption
during- his political career, challenging
him to disprove the charges and adding
that otherwise they would bring the mat
ter up at the opening of the Chamber of
Deputies.
It was at first announced from Naples
that the Minister had been stricken with
apoplexy and dltd while taking a train
for Rome. Later, however, It became
known that he had committed suicide,
which caused a great sensation and ex
cited much comment.
Signor Rosano was given the position
of Minieter of Finance in the new Italian
Cabinet, the formation of which was only
announced last Wednesday.
NAPLES, Italy, Nov. 9.— Minister of
Finance Rosano committed suicide by
shooting during the night. He was found
dead this morning in his room, "a revol
ver at his side.
The Turkish Governor of the district
has redistributed among the Kurds the
weapons which they recently were com
pelled to give up. .
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 9.— Martial
law has been proclaimed in the district
of Hassan Kalana. province of Erzeroum,
Asia Minor, and troops have been quar
tered in all the villages of that district In
consequence of revolutionary movements
on the part of the Hentchakists, an arm
of the Armenian revolutionary society.
Two bands of Hentchakists recently
crossed the Russo-Turkish frontier with
the Intention of inciting the ' Inhabitants
to rise against the Turkish Government,
but they were quickly overtaken by
troops. One band was exterminated and
the second was driven back into Russian
territory. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 9.— Turkey's
reply to the last note of Russia and Aus
tria on the subject of reforms in Mace
donia is not satisfactory to the author
ities here.
Russia Dislikes Last
Note of Macedonian
. Affairs.
Italian Minister of Fi
nance Ends Trouble
With PistoL
LANCASTER, Pa., Nov. 9.— Notices
were posted to-day at the mills of the
Susquehanna Iron and Steel Company at
Columbia that on November 22 wages of
puddlers will . be reduced . from $1 60 to
$1 40 and those of other workmen in pro
portion.
Laborers' Wages Reduced.
Frank Morrison, secretary, of the fed
eration, presented his annual reporV'.It
showed a membership . of 1,745,270, upon
which affiliated unions paid per capita
tax in September. .
The financial statement was read by
John B. Lennon. treasurer of the federa
tion. The report showed that the Income
of the year was $247,800, the expenditures
$196,015 and the balance on hand $84,000.
All of these reports were referred to the
committee on distribution.
"Nothing herein shall be so construed as to
apply to the organizations of wage earners hav
ing for their object the regulation of wages,
hours and conditions of employment."
With one exception, this proposed clause has
always disclosed the real purpose which the
proposers had iu Introducing their . so-called
anti-trust bills both in the Federal Congress
and State Legislatures ; for whenever this ex
empting clause was submitted the proposers
were unmasked and abandoned their bills. It
ls worse than folly to Join in the hue and cry
raised by our opponents and the faddists for
legislative demands ostensibly aimed at ¦ com
binations of capital, but really directed against
organizations of labor. .
Attention has been called to the fact that un
der the guise of so-called anti-trust laws lay
the hidden puri«ose to attack the organization*
of labor. A\"e are all familiar with the so
called Sherman anti-trust law, and we are also
aware of the fact that under its provisions the
only persons e\er indicted were a number of
workmen who sought to protect their interests
against an opponent, and that under the pre
tense of its provisions and the so-called inter
state commerce law the Federal courts have is
sued the many injunctions enjoining workmen
from doing those things for which there is ab
solutely no prohibition in the laws, and the do
ing of which ia in no wise atvarlance or in
conflict with the constitution or any of the laws
of our country. It ls because we have detected
in the various proposed bills ostensibly to re
strict or govern the trusts and other corpora
tions of capital the insidious purpose, to attack
the trade unions, which, by the way, have no
pemblance to the trusts, that we have urged in
all measures of this character the following
clause:
From the reports which reach us of the la
bor conditions in the Philippines and our own
knowledge of thfc Chinese in our own and other
countries, we have the right to and will dissent
from Governor Taft's suggestion that any Chi
nese be admitted to the islands under any con
ditions We cannot, however, but commend th«
very enlightened view he takes in his opposition
to the general admission of Chinese, and also
to the views he expresses on the labor move
ment.
Referring to anti-trust agitation, Gom
pers made the following remarks:
rope but from China and Japan, into the main
land' and the Insular possessions of the United
States I would recommend that the appoint
ment of a special committee be authorized early
in our session to hold meetings during our con
vention and report thereto lully before Its close.
CONDITIONS IN PHILIPPINES.
PRESIDING OFFFICER OF
THE AMERICAN FEDERA
TION OF LABOR.
Mercedes de Odorico was born^ of In
dian parents near what is now Ventura,
end she had served as nurse in many of
the old and aristocratic families of this
part of the State. For years she lived
apparently unchanged in San Luis Obispo
and its vicinity, and visited in apparent
good health 2nd spirits a neighbor's house
only yesterday. The little boy and dog
were her only companions and the three
were familiar figures in their strolls
about town for scraps of wood for fuel.
The county had for many years made the
quaint old woman its pensioner.
The body of the boy was found face
downward on the bed and the woman
was lying with her face In a sack of
flour, showing that she had struggled
off the bed. A coroner's jury at 10 o'clock
this morning returned a verdict of acci
dental death.
SAN L.UIS OBISPO. Nov. 9.— Mercedes
<2e Odcrico, known to be not less than 110
years old, and who nursed In their
Infancy three of the territorial governors
cf California lonjr since pased to their
rest, was burned to death in her hut on
the outskirts of this city about 1 o'clock
this moraine.
With the elderly woman was burned
Victor Dorome, a grea t- great- great
grandson, aged 10 years, and her faithful
dog.
The cause of the flre is believed to have
been a candle or pipe. The cabin was in
flames when the fire was discovered. The
fire department responded, but the shack
was burned.
Ep<»cial Dispatch to The Call
Pathetic Passing of a Resident of
San Luis Obispo, Who Worked in '
Famous Families Before
the Gold Days.
Life Extending Beyond a Cen
tury Ends in the
Flames.
ROSANO TAKES
HIS OWN LIFE
"The annual sockeye run," said Mr.
Kershaw, "is seriously threatened unless
we can arrange to restock the waters of
the sound from hatcheries located on
some natural spawning stream like the
Fraser. Negotiations have been in pro
gress for eome years, but the feeling
against the boundary decision has created
a new obstacle. Unless we can secure lo
cations for hatcheries on the Fraser I
have In mind a plan to ask the Federal
Government to set aside one. or more of
the Alaskan streams, whence the fry can
be brought to the sound."
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 9.— State Fish
Commissioner Kershaw expresses the fear
that the disappointment felt in British
Columbia over the Alaskan boundary
award may result in the Provincial Gov
ernment refusing to grant the request
now before it to permit the State Fish
Commission to establish hatcheries on the
Fraser River, which. It is predicted, would
prove of inestimable benefit to the salmon
Industry of Puget Sound.
TURKEY'S REPLY
DOES NDT PLEASE
She Is accused of having strangled her
infant child and had been indicted by the
Grand Jury. The day was spent in secur
ing a jury, most of the talesmen saying
they opposed the infliction of the death
penalty upon a woman. It is thoupht that
the defense will attempt to show by
medical testimony the irresponsibility of
the young woman under the conditions
alleged,.'
Added interest has been imparted to the
case by the fact that a young man who
is admittedly in no way responsible for
the girl's troubles has taken out a license
to marry her. The case will proceed in
anv event and an effort will be made to
convict the young woman of the crime of
murder. ;
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 9.— Dressed tn a
neatly, fitting suit of gray, relieved by a
black hat, with a touch of pink ribbon
In it for color effect, "Winnie Blohm, a
young blonde-haired country girl from
Gait, answered to a charge of murder In
Judge Hart's department of the Superior
Court to-day. , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Request That Hatcheries Be
Established May Meet
With Refusal
Nurse of California Ter
ritorial Governors
a Victim.
SEVERE ILLNESS
STOPS POLITICS
Efforts have been made to make it appear
that Chinese are necessary to the industry of
the American possessions. That this claim Is
unfounded is demonstrated not only by the in
vestigation made by the representative of the
American Federation of Labor sent to Hawaii,
China, Japan and the Philippines, but it is
borne out by the estimates of native and Ameri
can workmen to the effect that there are suf
ficient numbers of men to perform all the. work
and all the kinds of work which now or which
may in the near future be required; that, as a
matter of fact. In the Philippines there are
more half breed Chinamen than is good for
either the Industrial development of the Islands
or for the economic, social and political Inter
ests of the Philippine people. In Hawaii the
Japanese have invaded every industry and call-
Ing and here as well as in several sections of
the mainland of the United States have become
and are a growing menace to the well being of
our people. From every section comes the com
plaint and the warning that unrestricted Japa
nese immigration is as grave a danger to-day as
was at any time in our hlFtory the unrestricted
Immigration of Chinese. This convention shou'd
emphatlcaly declare its position upon the immi
gration question, not only from continental Eu-
Discussing "Mongolian immigration,"
President Gompers said:
MONGOLIAN IMMIGRATION.
"We urge that wages be maintained, even if
necessary to resist reductions; that as a sub
stitute for discharges of workmen the work to
be performed be divided, thus not only helping
to bear each other's burdens, but more quickly
to restore activity in industry, trade and com
merce.
No industry, no country has ever becoms
great or ever can become great founded upon
the poverty of its workers.
The working people should resist any attempt
to reduce their wages or to increase their hours
of labor.
At this time it is difficult to foresee the ex
tent to which the industrial reaction may reach,
although It is quite evident that it is not likely
to become so prolonged or so. intense as previ
ous industrial stagnations or crises.
It is the height of economic unwisdom to cur
tail the consuming power of the masses as a
means to industrial revival or prosperity.
There are indications that the era of Indus
trial activity which we have enjoyed during the
past two years has reached Its flood tide, in
that there is now somewhat of a reaction. Al
ready we see some contraction of industry by
which workmen have been rendered idle. It is
true that the change ia not pronounced, but it
is sufficiently evident for notice and deserves
our consideration. More especially should this
receive our attention elnce, quite recently, act-
Ing upon the cue given by our most pronounced
antagonists, the capitalist press has endeavored
to place upon our movement the responsibillty
for the industrial reaction.
President Gompers' address took up
most of the afternoon. It showed that
the gain In membership of the affiliated
international unions and of the American
Federation of Labor during the last year
had been 442,100. Mr. Gompers reviewed
at length what the federation had ac
complished during the year, and he made
numerous recommendations. He pointed
out that the grave danger -which con
fronted their movement was the inter
necine strife due to the conflicting claims
of trade Jurisdiction. Mr. Gompers con
demned such anti-trust legislation as was
secretly against labor and urged eternal
vigilance with respect to legislation.
President Gompers reported that never
before has there been such uniform
growth in unionism as during the past
year. The American Federation of
Labor has Issued new charters as follows:
International unions, 20; State federa
tions, 3; central labor unions, 171; local
trades unions and Federal labor unions,
1139. The gain in membership has been
442,100.
At the end of the fiscal year, on October
10, 1903, the number of international
unions in the federation was 113; State
federations, 29; central labor unions, 549;
local trade unions and Federal labor
unions, 1747. The average membership
during the year was 1.465.SO0.
PRESIDENT GOMPERS' SPEECH.
On the head of "Industrial Activity and
Reaction," President Gompers said:
to-day, and which will continue
probably, for at least fourteen days,' got
Into working order before an adjournment
was taken late this afternoon. President
Samuel Gompers delivered his annual ad
dress to the delegates, and Secretary
Frank Morrison and Treasurer John B.
Lennon presented their annual stated
ments. About 450 delegates were present
when the session was called-to order.
BOSTON, Nov. 9.— The twenty
third annual convention of the
American \ Federation of Labor,
which was opened in this city
ALASKA TRAFFIC
WORTH MILLIONS
A special to the Republican from Boul
der, Colo., says the electric light and pow
er company, which furnishes light for
the city and operates the street- railway
system, announced to-day that the street
railway would be shut down on account
of the threatened coal famine.' The light
ing plant will be kept running.
A special from Florence, Colo., says the
Colorado Portland Cement Works closed
this : morning, although the plaster of
parls plant of the same company will be
kept in operation. It is explained that
the Industrial depression throughout the
country has caused a glut of the cement
market and the Colorado company is al
ready overstocked. /
A special from Trinidad says that since
Saturday night nearly 2000 non-union min
ers have joined the unions in that district.
General Manager James F. Welborn of
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company an
nounced to-day that the company would
continue to operate its mines and the pub
lic need have no fear of a coal famine. At
the office, of the Victor Fuel Company it
was announced that all of its mines were
in ' operation and would continue to be
operated. The large companies operating
in the northern fields admitted that their
mines were closed. Not more than 150
men were working in the northern fields.
Despite the claims of the coal compa
nies, householders in Denver and other
cities who have not laid In a supply to
day found it impossible to - procure coal
for immediate delivery. The supply of
anthracite coal is exhausted and compa
nies having other kinds of coal booked
orders subject to two weeks' delay in de
livery. . -
The railroad companies claim to have
enough coal stored to meet all their re
quirements for some time. The Colorado
Southern) is i reported to have confiscated
nearly 1000 tons of coal, which had been
leaded last week and was standing on
sidings. . .
Sheriff Clark of Laa Animas County hag
enrolled sixty deputies. State militia is
held in readiness to be dispatched to the
coal regions at the first call from the
sheriffs of counties affected.
MANY PLANTS ARE CLOSED.
It will be the policy of the United Mine
Workers to depopulate the various coal
districts by sending the idle and their
families to Illinois, Indian Territory, Mis
souri, Iowa and other States where. work
could be obtained for them. Five thou
sand fares to these States had already
been arranged for by the United Mine
Workers, and to-day hundreds of the
strikers were on their way to new fields.
D. C. Evans,' member of the executive
board of the national organization from
Jndiana, is now in Trinidad to handle the
financial end of the strike. Other mem
bers of the executive board are in the
State and will have charge of the cam
paign during the struggle, one being sta
tioned in each of the centers of the strike
region.
The storm centers will be Trinidad, in
the southern fields, where the number of
miners aggregate 8000, and the towns of
Hastings and Delagnia, where the Victor
Coal Company, employs 2500 men. It Is
reported that 1000 were working to-day.
Both places are strongly guarded and
strangers are not allowed to enter them.
FUEL SHORTAGE IS FELT.
.wages and other concessions.
The strike was ordered by the national
executive officers of the United Mine
Workers of America, after the coal com
panies refused to confer with the union
representatives concerning the demands
of the men.
Of the idle men, C000 are in the south
ern coal fields, 2000 in the northern coal
fields and 1800 In Fremont County. One
hundred mines have been closed. A few
independent properties in the northern
coal fields and elsewhere '" will not stop
work, since the operators have agreed, to
concede the eight-hour day and also In
crease wages. Less than 1000 miners will
remain at work, according to reports
from the affected districts.-The announce
ment comes that 600 have gone out in
Qolfax County, N. M., The others in that
territory - are now negotiating with the
mine owners. t
CENTERS OF STRIKE.
The Colorado Fuel and Iron, the Victor
Fuel and the Northern Coal and Coke
companies are the largest producers.
Practically all of these properties have
been tied up by the action of the miners.
However,' they are making efforts to con
tinue operations, under the protection of
a strong guard.
It is estimated that there are. about 140
coal mines In the State, with an output
of 8,000,000 tons a year and about 1,000,000
tons of coke.
Tf^y ENVER, Colo., Nov. 9.— More
I A* than 10,000 coal , miners in Colo
11. JJ rado went on strike to-day for
H *<* an eight-hour : day, Increased
Young Woman Accused of
Strangling Child Now
on Trial
American Federa
tion of Labor in
session.
Pish Commissioner Is
Concerned About
Fraser River.
Colorado Cities Al
ready in Need
of Coal.
Blonde-Haired Winnie
Blohm in Court at
Sacramento.
AGED WOMAN
AND A CHILD
DIE IN FIRE
FEARS CANADA
MAY RETALIATE
GIRL ANSWERS
MURDER CHARGE
MANY THOUSANDS OF MINERS
OBEY UNION'S STRIKE ORDER
THE SAN FB ANOISCO • CALL, TUESDAY, NOYBMBER 10, 1903.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
APPEARING OI.D.
Acts a« a Bar to Profitable Em-
ployment.
You cannot afford to grow old.
"In these days of strenuous competition
it is necessary" to maintain, as long as
possible, one's » youthful appearance. .
It is impossible to do this without re-
taining a luxurious growth of hair.
The presence of Dandruff indicates the
presence of a ; burrowing germ r which
lives and thrives on the roots of the hair
until it causes total baldness.
' Newbro's Herpicide ls the only known
destroyer of this pest, and it is as effec-
tive as it is delightful to use.
Herpicide makes an elegant hair dress-
ing as well as Dandruff cure. '
Accept no substitute— there is none.
- Sold by leading druggists. * Send 10c in
stamps for sample I to .The Herpicide Co.:
Detroit, Mich.- . '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* , ¦?>—¦ Him .1111 I —. ¦ I.. -¦¦¦¦i-»....i.i.i..ii . ,.. _.,."" I— I.,, ,.._., ,,. | ¦^¦^* MM '*i
Saa Francisco, Tuesday, 10 November, 1903.
Weathered oak tabourets
$1.50 and $2.25.
A good many calls nowadays for weathered oak
tabourets. Pictured above are two new patterns.
Strongly made of oak wood and richly finished. The
top to the one at the left is made in heart shape and
stands 16 inches high; price, $1.50. The other one is
square in shape and stands 18 inches high; price, $2.25.
Other shapes and sizes in all finishes, including
some very unique patterns, decorated with pyrographic
designs. ';v v : : r*
Rainy weather is here, and indications point to a
real wet winter. If you need a door mat we've got
them in all shapes and sizes. A cocoa brush. mat for
50 cents ; an inserted brush mat, with fancy border,;
S3.00; a rubber mat for $1.75; a woven-wire mat for
$1.00.
See them in the carpet store.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE DON'T I
SELL SHOES
BELOW COST BECAUSE WE
LIKE TO, BUT BECAUSE W£
ABE FORCED TO . . . . .
Our Creditors
Want the
MONEY-
' NOT SHOES
SO IF YOU NEED 600D SHOES
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY,
AT THE
CREDITORS' SALE
KAST'S SHOES
104-110 Geary Street
A. JOSEPH, ReceVsr^T
REWARD— $100.00
On Friday eveninir. November «J. about 5
o'clock. Gcorffe Buzacott started with a boat
from the westerly shore of the Bay of San
Francisco, 'near Havenswood. to return to his
home at Dumbarton Point, on the east shore
of the bay.
As he had not returned home the next mnrn-
Ins searching parti<«s were sent out with boats
on Saturday and Sunday, who patrolled both
sides of the bary for miles, but. so far. without
success, and it ls feared that Mr. Buzacott in
drowned. A reward of one hundred t$10O Oft)
dollars will be paid for the recovery of t"ie
body.
Mr. Buzacott was about 43 years of as?.
¦was about 5 feet 10 laches tn height and had
dark hair. At the time of thrt accident he
wore tan shoes, a red necktie and white collar,
a black coat and dark trousers and had no
money with him. .Ills boat was a skiff, from
H to 16 feet lone, about 4^i fe°t beam and
was minted white out?ide and lead color In-
side. In the stern was a name plat<\ with the
name of the builders. Stone and Swanson, of
Belvedere.
OFFICE OF THE
SFRIN6 VALLEY WATER C0MPAI1Y.
\$QHffilAii
| "Kins of oO Bottled Beers.**.
: Brewed from Bohemian Hops^
I I SOU) eVEfiVWHERB.
i HUBERT MERCANTILE CO..
I Pacific Coast Agents.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
I Best NATURAL Alkalino Water.
A. VI3NIER CO., Saa Francisco.
-¦.--.
¦
0^^ov<Q>^^^^^*^^^,g
h visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
OF ANSTOfcm
0 GJ^ lS51SA22irs?.t9:.3:i*7i,3.?.W. A
\ Cf The Largest A nitoinica! Museum in the \
Q t ~3f ¦' World. Weaknesses or ii.y contracted A
S*. i^Sj disease positively cnr«««ny the oldest t
A J§§* 11 C3. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 4
\ »€§?^1J Consultation free and strictly prVnre. \
0 I jBXSL B Tr>«vm?nt personalty or by letter. A a
\ fi V tI m >d * 1 ""* An ia erery case undertaker. \
APn tlA w nte for Book. rDlLOXOPBY.r A
"a ll niRnUGE. MATUD Fa BE. (AY
X n (L valuable book for mm) \
9 DSL. JOBDAX A CO.. 1K>1 HtofctjSttg. F. V
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
TJsed by people of refinement
•for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BT
*~CUTi:EFBf
EVD^ELAJELVftRRANTED
IRHEUMATfSM'fSMI
Helpless, Physical and Financial soSer no longer ¦
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-il
PHUR SPRINGS, SAN LU1S.OBISPO. CAL.fl
1 Sft ls»5s J K wf*k Hri BSf ftkiix
' Eel I at d aa i»'T»« m*n wrAi ' w% if sa» Yfi
la S 1 m Kal 11 ££ ft Wm m
Goal Reduction
American Cannel I
; Sold by All Rcliable_Dca!crs.
¦ """ " ¦"""¦"" " ¦¦¦'"^Sam Parks, twice convicted of extortion, says reproach
fully and threateningly that he is out of the labor movement
forever. He probably did not consider it significant to add
that the only Way to get him out of the movement he shamed
and disgraced was to get him into jail. This happy conclu
sion' having been effected it ; is } to" be hoped that his period
of usefulness in Sing Singi.will be long. :
Brevity.
The Bt. James Gazette prints the names
of the members of the new Servian Cabi
net as follows:
General Gru-
M. Adra NJkol- . w •
K. Btokan I'rot-
M. Nikola Nlkel-
M. Ljuba Stojanov- itch
M. Millie Radovanvov
¦ M. Vlada ; Torodorov-
M. Todor Petkov-
Colonel Andrejev-
Several of the Oriental hotheads who enjoy the precarious
favor of the Dowager Empress of China and give her. dis
tinguished evil counsel believe that Russia has progressed far
enough in a campaign of insult as to deserve a thrashing
from China. Whoever persuaded? the Chinese that they
could fight had as much consideration for the fitness of
things as the fellow who gave the monkey a : > box of red
pepper. U'~ ¦:'¦¦.¦¦
It Is perfectly proper to speak of the
"crust" of the earth. The existence of
volcanoes and the fact that the tempera
ture rerulartr Increases as you penetrate
the rocks by borings or mining ehafts
prove that the interior of the earth is
[Author ef "The Ice A*e In North America."
"Mui and the Glacial Period," etcj
BY GEORGE FREDERICK WRIGHT
A. M.. LL. D.
Solid Center of Earth.
William Jennings Bryan, having by court decree lost the
$50,000 so thoughtfully bequeathed, to him by Bennett/ takes
consolation to himself in the enigmatical assertion that
while he did not get the money he won all the moral vic
tories in the case. This throws a distinct light upon Mr.
Bryan's calm reception of two crushing defeats for the Presi
dency. He is constituted to take satisfaction out of any
thing. • : [: : AV/i-v;" ¦ '—"•"¦ -
Our Canadian friends were guilty the other day of hissing
the American national anthem at a theatrical performance
in Vancouver. This seems to be singularly in bad taste.
We are willing to admit that the anthem, musically consid
ered, is no great shucks after all, but why it should be hissed
just to insult us we cannot understand. We might retaliate
and send the Canadians a bunch of photographs of Lord
Alverstone. \ .
A writer in the October 31 issue of Har
per's Weekly makes a plea for the scien
tific regulation of food. It is a striking
fact, he- points out, that science, which
has weighed the moon and measured the
orbits of the planets and split the atom
into electrons, has not yet been able con
vincingly to tell man what is and what
Is net his proper food. And yet it is evi
dent to every Intelligent observer that a
very large proportion of men and women
are polsoniag themselves every day, ruin
ing their bodies and their minds, shorten
ing their lives, and bringing upon them
selves pain and misery through eating
and drinking substances and quantities
that are not fitted for human assimila
tion. "Reformers are at work every
where, but the reformer who could, with
authority, show humanity what it should
eat and drink would surely do more good
than a whole army of wiseacres tinkering
at the effects of the evil. What the world
needs is an authoritative science of food "
WJtat Sltall-We Eat?
In defending British industries and trade conditions Lord
Goschen recently ventured the shrewd opinion, in opposi
tion to the assaults of Chamberlain upon the British system,
that foreign communities are fleeced by trusts. There
can be no question that this is another covert attack upon
American institutions. Lord Goschen forgets that some na
tions, like some families, condone and conceal thievery when
committed in the family or national circle. The cultivation
of impostors is an American industry.
"Give the native Filipino some bamboo,
and a bolo (which takes the place of
saw, ax and knife) and his requirements
are practically filled, for with these he
can almost entirely build his house."
says the cut rent number of the Southern
Workmen. "The bamboo gives him his
timbers for the frame; he splits it for
the floor and walls, and then finishes his
house with - nlpa-palm roof. The bamboo
also furnishes his bed, if he has one, and
his chairs, tables and such other furni
ture as he may need. It even supplies
many of his dishes and kitchen utensils,
?s well as his hat, and also provides him
with food, for bamboo sprouts make a
very palatable dieh. Fruit in sufllclent
quantities to satisfy his needs grows
readily without cultivation. Rice and fish
constitute the rest of his diet The for
mer must be cultivated with care if the
b€3t results are to be obtained, but it is
needless to cay that as a rule the best re
sults are not obtained. Thus It can easily
be seen that the average native's simple
wants are readily supplied by Mother Na
ture and that the necessity for a strenu
ous life does not exist"
Filipino Indolence.
THE Redlands Citograph of November 4, noting a
shipment of navel oranges from San Diraas, Los An
geles County, on October 23, says: "The first shipment
from Northern California was made just nine days previous.
North California oranges are all shipped early in the season in
order to avoid possibility of damage by the January frosts."
This is an error. There is no record of an orange tree in
the Northern California citrus belt being damaged by frost,
and for the sufficient reason that the orange grows in North
ern California in a region that stretches from Porterville to
Oroville, nearly 300 miles, in a thermal belt, where killing
frost is not known. Nor is the orange in Northern Califor
nia confined exclusively to that thermal belt in the foothills.
In Sutter County the orange ripens in the fall and remains
on the tree until May, for the fruit gains in quality by leaving
it unharvested, so it is picked as needed for use.
The reason why the Northern California orange goes into
market early is because it ripens three months or more in
advance of the Southern California fruit.' For some phy
sical reason this is true of the stone fruits, which ripen in
the northern part of the State long in advance of the south.
The first ripe oranges in the State this year were sent into
market from Placer County, and Porterville soon followed,
and Oroville will soon be harvesting and shipping. The
crop is marketed early because it ripens early, and not to
escape frost, for the fruit could be safely left on the tree until
spring.
Californians who rejoice in the matchless capacity of their
State do not gird at Northern California for having early,
nor at Southern California for having late, oranges. The
great and important fact, of value to the whole State, is that
we have the longest citrus season of any part of the world.
Our orange harvest is practically continuous from October
to April, and the marketing season is much extended by using
cold, dry storage. •
The only reason why Northern California shipsa less num
ber of carloads than Southern California is that this part of
the State began planting orchards later. No attention was
paid to citrus fruits as a commercial proposition in Northern
California until the citrus exhibit in Sacramento, about
twelve years ago. Yet the orange tree at Bidwell's Bar had
been bearing heavy annual crops for twenty-five years, and
trees in full bearing were established on the lawns and parks
of Sacramento, Marysville, Oroville, Colusa and Chico. That
exhibit was the cause of Northern California embarking in
orange planting as a commercial proposition, and that
proved the earliriess of the fruit in the north and gave to
the State an orange harvest season about seven months long.
So our Citrographic friend, instead of dreaming cold and
frosty dreams about the northern citrus belt, should be
proud of his whole State, and rather dream of the time when
the combined Northern and Southern California citrus belts
willmake a yellow equator around the globe and controlthe
orange market of the world, putting Sicily, Spain, Brazil and
Mexico out of the business.
THE CALIFORNIA CITRUS BELT.
Let your sparring partner lead for your
face with his left. As he leads move the
head to the right (as In the left cross
counter for the face) Just far enough to
avoid his blow, and at the same time
leafl with your left for his wind, or "solar
plexus," or "the mark," as It is variously
called. As you do eo. bend the left knee
and throw the weight and force of your
body Into the blow. The left knee is bent
in delivering this counter, in order to
bring the center of force lower down than
would be needed for a face blow, and also
to jive directness, force and grace to t£e
delivery of the -blow. This could not be
accomplished with the legs in a rigid posi
tion, as when leading: for the face. Do
not bend the right knee. When practicing
this blow in lessons, or when applying it
in a regular boxing match, it is well to
raise the riarht arm In such a way as to
be able to suard the face should your op
ponent take advantage of the forward in
clination of the upper part of your body
to uppercut you or to land a right-hander
on your face. In thus raising the right
to ruard the face do not bring it ud bo
high as to be unable to guard a possible
right counter for your body. When you
axe in such a position, however, your ad
versary is far more likely to lead for
your face than for your body We will
continue this subject in next Friday's ls-
That brings us to the body blows
First, we will take the left counter for
the wind, a terrifically effective blow in
a fight and one needing more skill than
appears at first glance.
Left lead for the face— parry— right lead
for the face— parry— left cross counter for
the face— right cross counter for the face
60!
On guard, then In first position. Let us
go over the maneuvers you have already
studied before taking up the new ones.
At the beginning of each lesson remember
to go over all the blows, guards, etc.. you
have learned before starting in on some
thing new.
Now for our lesson: Stand on guard.
Remember, no matter how far advanced
you may consider yourself, you cannot af
ford to grow negligent as to your position
on guard. Avoid a slovenly, sprawling
ruard. The exoerts who decreed that
boxer* thould stand erect, right hand
ruarding the wind, left guarding the
heart, feet about eighteen Inches apart,
and weight resting on the ball of the
foot, did not do so merely for their own
amusement or for any arbitrary reason.
Every detail has a reason for being, as
when you are a little farther advanced
you will understand. In the meantime,
take my word for it.
Do not Imagine that I digress when I
give advice of this sort. All that I advise
in of the utmost importance to a boxer.
Mere knowledge of handling the gloves,
without accompanying knowledge as to
the care of the outer and inner man, will
profit you little. The condition of the
Fkln and of the stomach, heart, lungs,
etc^. have decided more fights and boxing
matches than has all the mere science
ever Invented.
A rubdown with alcohol or witch hazel
Just after boxlnp. or a hot bath, will
greatly lessen the chances of stiffness.
But remember, in bathing, never remain
in the tub longer than two minutes at the
very most. One minute is better. If you
take a plunge bath and a sponge batb
every day (and no one -with any preten
sions to cleanliness or athletic prowess
should take fewer), you will find that one
minute of vigorous Trashing in the tub
will keep you quite clean enough. "Soak
ing" or lying for any length of time In a
bath (particularly In a warm bath) is one
of the mort enervating habits that can be
formed. Not only does it weaken you,
but it leaves you perilously prone to catch
cold. And colds are among the athlete's
worst foes.
Left Coulter for Solar Plexus.
Last week we took up the various
straight leads and counters for the face.
To-day we will practice body blows and
their guards.
If. during your first few lessons, you
find that the exercise stiffens or pains
your muscles and if you awake in the
morning sore and aching in every Joint,
do not be alarmed. The condition is not
alarming. It simply Indicates that a lot
of sinews which you have neglected and
allowed to grow flabby are offering a lazy
protest against being forced to work.
The- very best remedy for such pains Is
to continue the exercise. In a very few
days the aching joints and muscles will
accustom themselves to the work and will
thrive mightily thereon. Incidentally, you
will find yourself in better health and in
possession of better spirits and more vig
orous energy than you ever before knew.
author of "Muscle Building.
BY AU3ERT PAYSON TERHUNE.
[Athletic Expert New Tork Evenlnc "World,
More Hints on Boxing.
WHILE the majority in Congress will> stand by the
administration in the recognition of the new state
of Panama, and will insist upon the canal policy
moving onward without a hitch', the attitude of the Demo
cratic minority is not without interest. Mr.. William Ran
dolph Hearst has already declared in his newspapers that
the administration must be scandalized because of its ac
tion. He wants a resolution of inquiry, an investigation,
and declares that "guilt must be fixed" upon the President
and the State Department. The country is interested in
knowing whether the Democracy will follow this pro
gramme.
There are indications that, in a modified form, it will
be favored by Senator Morgan, chairman of the canal com
mittee. The Republican majority in the Senate, in recogni
tion of his sustained interest in an isthmian canal, and of his
long service in that behalf, made him chairman of that lead
ing committee, although a member of the minority. Be
sides Morgan the members of the committee are Senators
Hawley of Connecticut, Platt of New York, Hanna of Ohio,
Mitchell of Oregon, Millard of Nebraska, Kittredge of South
Dakota and Foster of Louisiana — an exceptionally strong
committee. 1
Senator Morgan's views becomes important, not only on
account of his chairmanship of the committee, but by reason
of his knowledge of canal matters. He is reported as say
ing: "Recognition of the so-called republic Of Panama does
not create a government for the purpose of doing business.
The reception of a representative of that government does
not make a government. While the recognition of de facto
governments rests with the President, when it comes to a
matter of doing business the Senate becomes part of the
recognizing power. It will inquire about the manner of the
establishment of this so-called government."
The threat in that is hardly covert. It is quite open and
frank. Of course the Senate will, and should, inquire. But
when that inquiry is made Senator Morgan will be con
fronted with some past history of his own making. The
republic of Hawaii was born of revolution, in which a war
ship of the United States took the principal part, without
which the revolution could have been suppressed by a
dozen policemen. Its scene was not the whole of the islands,
nor even the whole island of Oahu. It was the most local
revolution that ever happened, for it was limited to the city
of Honolulu. Molokai, Maui, Hawaii, Kauai and the smaller
islands of Lanai, Kehoolawe and Niihau, knew nothing of it
and took no part in it.
Yet Senator Morgan supported immediate recognition or
the new republic, which had to be wetnursed by American
bluejackets and suckled by Gatlings landed by an American
man-of-war! He wanted to immediately proceed to do busi
ness with it, far more important as an international matter
than any business we will do with Panama, for he thought
it so qualified to do business as to immediately offer itself to
the United States. Panama will not do that. He was sent
as a Commissioner of our Government to do business with
Hawaii, and it will be remembered that he told the natives
to be reconciled, because they would be accorded the same
rights as the negroes in this country. This promise has
been made good very recently by ordering Prince Jonah,
Hawaii's member of Congress, and his wife out of a box in
d. Columbus theater on the ground that they axe "niggers."
. If Hawaii, revolutionized by our direct act, became imme
diately qualified to do such serious business as annexation
was, surely Panama is hard baked enough to make a canal
treaty. If Senator Morgan find anything rawer about "the
manner of the establishment of this so-called government" of
Panama than existed in the case of Hawaii, the country will
listen to his discoverv with interest.
Oakland is at the moment fortunate above many cities
in having a peculiarly strong and clean rity government. It
was secured by all political parties standing together, for
getful of merely partisan differences in the greater interest
of the whole people. That government will build to itself a
lasting monument, not only in the esteem of the people
who elected it and whom it serves, but in the gratitude of all
American municipalities, if it take the initiative in planting
municipal ownership of public utilities upon proper business
principles. Admitting that such ownership mixed with the
political part of government has been productive of some
benefits, it is nowhere nor by any one denied that such bene
fits would have been much greater had each plant stood
upon its own resources, independent of the public revenues
and not among the burdens of the taxpayers. Where mu
nicipal ownership has failed, its failure is traceable to mak
ing it a burden on the general fund to be carried by the
taxpayers. Where its administration has been scandalous
the scandals are traceable to the same cause.
Oakland is happy in having the experience of others as
her guide. Her need of public improvement becomes greater
with every exploit of private enterprise. Her new ferries,
the new trans-mountain railroad that already has terminal
facilities upon her harbor, every nail driven in a new build
ing, and every brush of paint spread on its walls, adds to
this need. She wants parks, not plazas; the best paving for
her streets: the best sewers for her drainage, and public
buildings that more nobly house her administration. To
get these and get them now, while her government is in
good hands, and before she suffers such a political reaction
as has overtaken New York, will tax her present credit to
the limit, and as much of these improvements, such as sew
ers and streets, must be paid for by abutting or immediately
benefited property, why should she unnecessarily increase the
burden and injure the popularity of an improvement policy
by adding to it the cost of a water plant which should pay
its own way?
If she refuse to do this, and availing herself of the ad
monitory experience of others by making such a plant stand
alone, and possibly by making it add to instead of sub
tracting from the general fund, Glasgow will pass out of
public notice as an exponent of municipal ownership and
Oakland will take her place as an example of such owner
ship that conforms to right principles and vindicates the san
ity of dividing business from politics.
San Francisco needs such an example badly enough to
wait for it. The moment such a policy is decided upon by
Oakland all eyes and all hopes turn toward her. In a high
sense the fame that she will secure by being boldly mindful
of her own interests will be the greatest advertisement that
any American city has enjoyed. We promoted, with great
satisfaction, the success of her present government, and we
havefaith that it will not be content to follow the mistaken
path of other cities, but will cut out for itself a right and
OAKLAND is at the advent of great things. The re
cent duplication of her ferry facilities does not
mean that , the new line will get only what the old
loses, but that increase of population and patronage will
soon tax the carrying capacity of both. The physical charms
of that side of the bay, its superior clemency of climate, the
majesty of its scenery and the improved satisfaction of life
in the midst of it all, emboss it with every desirable char
acteristic of a place for homes. San Francisco is interested
in its progress, for it is part of our tributary territory, and
every new home made there contributes to our welfare and
progress as the business center of the Pacific Coast. •-
Under the circumstances Oakland finds herself stand
ing at the open door of a great future, and needful of many
things. These necessities have always been upon her, and
while the lack of them has been a just cause of complaint,
in some respects she is fortunate that the responsibility of
meeting and supplying them has been projected into a pe
riod that enables her to profit by the experience of others.
In a recent interview her City Auditor said: "I am in favor
of obtaining every improvement as fast as it can be ac
quired, provided that there is always sufficient revenue to buy
the water plant."
There is the crux of the whole matter. The acquisition
of a public water system stands in the way of something
else that is desirable and necessary to the growth of the
city. When the people understand that this obstruction is un
necessary they will feel that a burden is lifted and a bar to ad
vancement is removed. The process is not only simple, it
is good business, and removes from the future of the city
a cloud that always hangs over public ownership, when it
involves the public revenues and becomes a part of the
merely, and properly, political functions of the municipal
government. A water plant, administered as a municipal
monopoly, should bear its own cost, have charged to it the
cost of its acquisition and the expense of its administration./
Does any one doubt that a public water plant in Oakland
can carry itself? If so, he doubts the propriety of acquiring
such a plant at all. By the simple expedient of making the
plant carry its own bonds the city revenues are left free for
the other and necessary * public purposes which the City
Auditor has in mind.
When visited by Professor Dana in 18S9
it lacked only 400 feet of being full, so
as to run over from the top. In 1840 the
lava had subsided eo that it was 1000 feet
below the rim. No recent eruptions have
projected the lava over the rim, but at
various times since the discovery of the
island great streams of lava have burst
out from the side of the mountain, 2000
feet or more below the summit.
Jorullo, in Mexico, is one of the most
remarkable instances of Intermittent vol
canic action. Up to 1753 the site where
the voloanic cone now stands was occu
pied by a fertile plain, surrounded by hills
composed of very ancient volcanic rocks.
In that year, amid earthquake shocks,
a chasm opened in the plain, from which
flames issued, and ashes and lava were
ejected In sufficient quantities to form in
a short time a mountain 1600 feet high.
Since then there have been no eruptions,
and the lower flanks of the mountain
are now covered with trees and the sur
rounding: country is cultivated as for
merly.
One of the largest volcanoes, and one
which has been most carefully studied, is
Kllauea, on the island of Hawaii, the
crater of which is 13,673 feet above the
sea. The crater is nearly three miles in
diameter and is filled with boiling lava,
which varies greatly in height at different
times.
But the many other positive indications
of the existence of molten matter In the
interior of the earth' have lead to a
conclusion which satisfies all parties,
namely, that after descending forty or
fifty miles from the surface the heat is
bo great and the pressure so limited that
all substances are melted, so that there
Is a segment, probably many hundreds
of miles in thickness, consisting of molten
matter, while the interior remains both
intensely hot and at the same time eolid.
One of the most striking positive Indi
cations that there is such a molten mass
at no sxeat distance below the surface
of the earth Is to be found In the vol
canoes of the world, which are best ex
plained as vent holes through which this
molten matter escapes to the surface in
response to the varying degrees of pres
sure from the crust of the earth over
different areas. When, for example,
through long continued deposition of
earthy material about the mouths of the
great rivers, one portion of the earth's
crust becomes overloaded, eo that it
presses with undue weight over a lim
ited area, it would squeeze a portion of
the molten material to the surface, Just
as if you press with your thumb upon
the rind of an orange In one place it will
crack the rind in another place and force
the Juice out through it. The slow con
traction of the diameter of the earth also,
through its loss of heat by radiation, may
result in the wrinkling up of the crust
in such a manner that the molten matter
will be forced out along the lines of great
est weakness.
Taking the average' increase of heat to
be one degree in fifty feet, we should
reach a point where water would boil at
a distance of about 8000 feet, or a little
over a mile and a half. It, therefore,
would be a feasible plan to bore a hole
to that depth, and by letting cold water
into it by one pipe bring it up hot in
another, thus making use of the heat of
the interior of the earth to warm our
houses. Very likely before the coal and
oil are exhausted this may be the source
through which to dispel In our homes the
rigors of winter, even in arctic climates.
At the same rate of increase we should
have to descend over thirty or forty miles
to find a degree of heat which would melt
any known substance and produce a mol
ten interior. The only escape from the
conclusion that the earth consists of thi3
thin erust of consolidated material arises
from the fact that the melting point of
metals rises under pressure. For exam
ple, iron when subjected to very great
pressure will remain solid long after
reaching the temperature at which it or
dinarily melts, so it is supposed that the
pressure toward the center of the earth
Is so great that no amount of heat, or,
at any rate, the intense heat of the Inte
rior of the earth, can make it assume
the liquid form. This also agrees with
the calculations of physicists, who affirm
that the earth behaves like a solid, and
therefore can not have a liquid interior,
as was formerly supposed.
hot enough to melt all known mineral
substances. In boring for gas or oil or
water and in descending along the line of
mineral veins or to reach deep seated coal
deposits it Is found that the temperature
ircreases about one degree for every fifty
or seventy-five feet, so that it is a seri
ous Question with miners how far they
can follow a vein into the earth before
reaching a point where the heat will be so
great that it would be impossible for
workmen to endure it.
PANAMA IN CONGRESS.
OAKLAND'S BONDS.
Townsends California glace fruits and
candies. BOc a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at, above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied dally to
w! il i e ??iii lo . useS T, and -Mbllcmea by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 23) Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main ioisT •
CONTRACT MARRIAOE-A Reader.
City. Contract marriage is not recognized
in California. Marriage, according to tha
code is "a personal relation arising out
of a civil contract to which the consent
of the parties capable of making the con
tract Is necessary. Consent alone will not
constitute marriage; it must be followed
by a solemnization authorized by tola
code. Marriage must be licensed, solemn
ized, authenticated and recorded.**
FREEZE OUT— W. J. McC., City. In
the game of freeze out a player cannot
claim stakes if h« has a foul hand. Such
a hand is one consisting of more or less
than five cards or any hand irregularly
obtained. In the case stated it is evi
dent that the player had a foul hand and
therefore forfeited his right to the pot.
The other players interested therein could
do what they wanted with the pot without
consulting the one who bad the foul hand.
CONFEDERATE STATES-C. M., City.
The following are the States that formed
the Southern Confederacy and the data
upon which each withdrew from the
Union: South Carolina, December 20,
1S60: Mississippi, January 9, 1S61; Florida,
January 10; Alabama. 11th; Georgia, 13th;
Louisiana, 26th; Texas. February 1; Vir
ginia. April 17; Arkansas. May 6; North)
Carolina, 21st, and Tennessee. June 3.
HARDWARE STORE — J. R.. Angels
Camp, Cal. This department will send
you the names of several long established
dealers in hardware In San Francisco if
you will send a self-addressed and
stamped envelope, as this department
does not advertise any business firm.
JIM THE PENMAN-H. G. P., Crock
ett, CaL "Jim the Penman" was written
by Sir Charles Young. It was first pro
duced at the Haymarket Theater, London.
March 25, 1S88.
RICE AND WHEAT-W. E. C.. Vallejo.
Cal. The nutritive proportion of rice and
wheat is. on the basis of one pound: Rice,
1.6; wheat, 2.6.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-rSubscrlber.
City. The old California Theater was
opened June 18. 1S63; the new one May
13, 1889. \ -YY - r ;
'Anszuers to Queries.
COLORADO — Subscriber, Angels Camp.
Cal. Colorado as a Territory was organ
ized March 2. 18CL T-'% 'v
The Boston Globe gives a striking illus
tration of the action of sun spots on the
terrific heat of the sun. It says:
"Now if we drop a cup of water on a
redhot stove we know the commotion pro
duced. "What shall we say when we
think of dropping a volume of water sev
eral times bigger than the earth upon a
molten surface 866,000 miles In diameter?
This would probably create something the
effect of a sun spot, which, owing to the
sun's vast distance from us, only creates
a little fleck on its surface. Yet one of
these spots Is known to be 60,000 miles
wide. Across it shoot vast tongues of
fire and flame, and in these surging cav
erns of molten matter all our conceptions
of heat seem insignificant. Yet if this Is
only a mere spot in the sun. what must
the whole volume be? The mind Is lost
in trying to conceive it."
r Apt Illustration.
Cat With Tender Feelings.
Tombstone II, the Press Club's. big black
cat, can do everything but talk, and de
spite his lack of speech he generally suc
ceeds in making known his wants. The
Knockers' Club (an adjunct composed of
non- voting, but hypercritical, associate
members) swears he knows more than
some of the active members.
Tombstone II came to the Press Club
with a reputation as a hunter. Before he
had been there a week he had killed or
frightened away every rat of a large col
ony that had made its appearance a short
time previously in the Ellis-street quar
ters. Every time he killed a rat the big
black fellow would carry it from room to
room, depositing It at the feet of each
member present and strutting up and
down with pompous pride.
Several days ago a puny little mouse
was caught on one of the lower floors
and it was decided to take it up to the
Press Club and turn it over to the tender
mercies of Tombstone II. When the
mouse was released the black cat struck
It a couple of sharp blows with his paw.
Either it was too frightened to run, or
too young to realize its danger, and it
made no attempt to get away. Apparent
ly the helplessness of the little rodent ap
pealed to Tombstone II. He turned It
over and over and examined It critically,
walked away a few feet, returned and
then sat down to debate the problem.
Finally the big feline picked up the
mouse carefully by the back of the neck
and 'carried It to the door. There he put
it down long enough to let out a
"meow," which was a demand that the
door be opened. Then he again picked it
up, passed out through the door and de
scended the stairway- a short distance.
Depositing the mouse unharmed on one of
the steps, he strode back into the club
with solemn dignity.
Yet it is said that the feline tribe is
never moved by the promptings of a kind
ly instinct.
Instructed. His Honor.
"It was a case where the decision de
pended upon the definition of a word,"
said the old attorney remlniseently. "The
lawyers had been at It for several days
In one of the old district courts in a near
by county. They had run the gamut of
the books and the last day of argument
had arrived. Both . sides submitted their
cases and Judge Blank announced that
he would render his decision during the
afternoon session. As I said the case
rested upon the definition of a word and
the decision went against old Zach Mont
gomery, the leading attorney for the de
fense.
" 'Your Honor.* said Montgomery after
the Judge had ruled, 'will you kindly take
a short recess before this judgment Is en
tered r
" 'Why, if you desire," replied the Judge,
somewhat surprised, but ordering the re
cess.
"Soon afterward Montgomery reap
peared in court and Judge Blank returned
to his place.
11 'Your Honor,' Montgomery addressed
the court, at the same time slowly open
ing a huge dictionary he had laid on the
table in front of him, 'your Honor. I de
sire to read you a brief word or two from
this book. I do not expect to change your
Honor's mind, but I simply desire to
show your Honor what a blanked old fool
Noah Webster was.' "
Hands.
Tiny- hands, baby hands.
Snow-flakes on the counterpane —
Kissed and cradled, kissed again-
Pretty, dimpled, baby hands.
Brown hands, such busy hands
Full of mischief all the while—"
Full of mlechlef— free from Kulle
Happy boy with, roguish hands. *
'White hands, a maiden's hands.
Clasp the fingers masculine-
Clasp, and cling', and intertwine,
O snowy hands and brown hands!
Strong hands, willing hands.
Eager now to carve a name
On the granite walls of fam<«
O bow changed the baby hands!
Tired hands and trembling hands
Hands that weary of the fray '
Hands that wait the close of day
Feeble, calloused, wrinkled hands.
Hale hands, ah! quiet bands
Folded on a placid breast;
After labor cometh rest —
Rest for all the weary hands.
Gentle hands — widow's hands
Hoses on a coffin laid —
Nature's law must be obeyed;
Cover them — poor, worn out hands
—O. N. LOWE.
Whistles Distract Them.
It is stated that Salem, Mass., in tfie
past year has lost half a million dol'ars
in taxable personal property ¦ simply be
cause the intolerable noise of steam whis
tles on the railroad and from factories
luis made the place residentlally undesir
able. Several leading citizens have thus
been driven to live elsewhere. Strong ef
forts have been made to escure the abate"
ment of the nuisance, but without avail
and other, prominent residents announce*
their Intention of going to live in other
parts. One gentleman says that in order
to sleep nights he has to go over to Mar
blehead, there is such a continuous toot
Ing of locomotive. whistles in his neiirh"
borhood. Indulgence In the noise nuisance
is therefore proving an expensive luxurv
for Salem. Not. only is there a loss of
personal property, but In giving an und«Z
elrable character to first-class residential
property it must tend to depress real es
tate values, and thus cause the city the
loss of much revenue. -
The blowing of locomotive whistle*
within the municipal limits, except in case
of emergency, has long been forbidden in
Maiden, Waltham and other places where
they had become a public nuisance, and
no Inconv3nlence In the operation of
trains has ensued. It might be thought
that the railroad company would volun-
"However smart a man may be, how
ever deep of brain, there Is yet a trace of
superstition In his makeup," said a
thoughtful man, "and often it exists anri
controls him in various ways without his
knowing anything about It. If you shouM
tell him that he was superstitious he
would resent It, and In no uncertain way.
But all men are superstitious In some way
just the same.
"There are little things about which
men are a bit cranky, and these develop
into well-rounded superstitions. There is
Opie Read, who has a queer little notion
that If he gets up Thursday morning
without money in his pocket it is bad
luck, and be believes It so firmly that ha
will not venture out of the house and will
not turn his hand to a piece of work if
It happens to him. He Is generally very
careful to see that he has something left
over Wednesday night— a nest egg, -as the
saying goes— for Thursday morning. But
he sometimes forgets, and suddenly dis
covers that he Is dead broke. That set
tles it. Not a step will he take from the
house that morning. Now, how Is that
for superstition? You call him supersti
tious — well, you had better do It at long
range. I know another man In Chicago
who has a queer little notion that it Is
bad luck to forget anything when you are
leaving home in the morning. One morn
ing we walked to the car together. He
suddenly turned to me with the state
ment. 'I'll not go to the city to-day."
When I asked him why. he said he had
forgotten something. 'It's bad luck,' ha
said, and he was unceremoniously making
tracks for the house. when he said it. I
suppose we all have these little notions
and beliefs, but we are not conscious of
them and so we are apt to believe. Just
honestly, too, that we are not the least
bit superstitious. But we are. just tho
same. "—New Orleans Times-Democrat.
Blue Thursday.
Its line residentlally undesirable. As to
factory whistles, there is no excuse for
using them. It is simply the persistence
of an old habit that In more primitive
times may have had Its jus ti flea t Ion. But
in these days of cheap watches and alarm
clocks every employe has the means or
knowing when working hours begin.
It la remarkable that Salem, of all
places, should choose to endure inflic
tions contrary to all the traditions of one
of the oldest and most cultivated commu
nities in the United States. Salem has
long been considered one of the pleasant
est places of residence In New England.
Many persons have been drawn to live
there by Its beautiful location, Its pleas
ant streets, its fine old houses, its historic
traditions, its scientific and literary Insti
tutions, and the charming social condi
tions that these things Imply.
tartly discontinue a practice that la mak
in~ one of the most Important places on
"Never had but one streak of luck In
my life," said White Horse Baker as he
tore up a ticket at Sausallto the other
day. "That was In SolomonvlHe, Ariz.
You know that's a Mormon settlement.
Well, I wandered in there with a lone
half dollar In my pocket and found a faro
bank run by the Mormon church. I put
my half on the ace at the beginning of
the deal and before the end I had limit
bets scattered all over the layout. In two
hours I had the bank roll and all the
church funds. Then I broke the Mormon
National Bank and had all the coin the
Mormon Inhabitants had in their houses.
The bishops sold off the community wheat
and drove the cattle In off the ranges to
get money to keep the; faro game going,
figuring that the percentage would get me
some time, but I couldn't lose a bet.
"Finally as the last bundle of coin was
coming my way under a small limit the
bishops held a consultation and decided
I was accursed and must die. 'However,*
said the Presiding Bishop, It is against
the law to slay except we have a sign
from the Lord. Therefore take that bar
rel and fill It full of yellow corn and In
it put one grain of red. If he draws the
red grain he shall go free.' Then they
led me up to the barrel and told me to
draw. I ran my flst down Into about
the center of the barrel, groped around
for a minute, closed on a grain of corn
and drew It out. So help me, it was red.
They, wanted me to Join the church, but
I refused, so they let me go. That's the
last time I was really lucky. But two
years before that In Laredo " No
body waited to hear the. Texas story.
Typical 'Arizona Life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAIiL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
THE SAN FRAN Gl SCO C ADiL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ...... . . Address All CommonicaUons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^^^&> ......Third and Market Streets, S. P.
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe old original Indian Basket Store.
£3S Post st., cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. •
Joseph Arthur, colored, an ex-soldier,
was arrested last nixfat by Patrolmen A.
A. Hicks and M. Brady and booked at
tbe City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny. It is alleged that Arthur robbed
Dr. M. Wtaslow of €19 Market street early
Saturday morning while . the physician
was walking down Grant avenue, between
Post asd Setter streets.
Arrested for Bobbery.
G. M. Gilroy. residing at 33 Stevenson
street, suffered a fracture of three of his
ribs on the right side yesterday by fall
ing from a temporary staging at Eddy
and Fillmore streets. Gilroy was pump
ing out an overfiooded cellar, when he
lost his balance on the s,taging and fell
a distance of twenty feet into the cellar.
The Injured man was attended at the
Central Emergency Hospital. ' ,1...
Broke His Bibs by a Fall.
Tbe Civil Service Commission held its
regular weeltly meeting last night. The
cases cf the following city employes who
had been on trial resulted as follows:
John Madden was exonerated and return
ed to work; M. Christian was put back
oa the reserved eligible list, and 'Dennis
P. Dunlea, who was formerty substitute
fireman for Engine S3. was removed from
the eltsfble list.
Civil Service Commission Meets.
Mrs. A. A. Watkins aad illsa Mabel
Watkins have dosed their home In Sau-
Ealito and have taken the Klmble house
on Broadway for the winter.
Mrs. and Miss Kohl are In New York,
staying at tbe Holland House.
The I>« Toungs, who have beea spending
some time in New York, are now in Bos
ton, but will return home about the mid
dle of this month.
Mrs. O'Kane Is comfortably settled for
the winter in her apartments at 8t Dun
s tan's.
The Welch-De Laveaga wedding will
take place to-morrow at high noon at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Miss de Laveaga's
attendants will be; Mrs. Eugene Lent,
matron of honor, and Miss Alice Butler.
Miss Olga Atherton, Mies Florence Cal
laghan and Miss Agnes Clinton, brides*
maids.
The Calaveras Big Tree Outdoor League
held a meeting yesterday afternoon at the
residence of Mrs. Lovell White. ISIS Clay
street. Measures were adopted for the
preservation of the trees and plans were
made for further practical work. A par
liamentary drill under the direction of. Dr.
Amy Brown was also of Interest.
Tbe ladies of the Contemporary Club
met yesterday afternoon at Utopia Hall,
and after their regular business session
listened to a talk on kindergarten work
by Mrs. Bird of Alameda.
The bride was charming in a dainty
gown of white organdie, and carried a
chower bouquet of Bride roses. Her
only attendant was Miss Florence Tlb
bitts. Miss Tlbbitts, who is the leading
soprano at the Simpson Memorial Church,
entertained the guests with songs after
the marriage. Mr. A. Jones acted as best
xnan. The decorations were white chrys
arthemums and smllax effectively ar
ranged. Mr. and Mrs. Collins have gone
to Los Angeles for their honeymoon. Upon
their return they probably will reside ia
this city, although their plans are not
definitely settled.
At a pretty home wedding last evening
Miss Nellie Reckel became the bride of
Herbert Collins of San Diego, the Rev.
Dr. Bailey ofaciating. Forty-five invited
guests took part in the wedding festivi
ties at the home of the bride at E37 Ful
ton street.
Th« grnesta who welcomed the newly ar
rived bud yesterday were Miss Hyde-
Smith. Miss Grace Martin. Miss Emily
Wilson. Miss Frances Allen, Miss Dorothy
Gittings. Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman. Miss
Helen Bowie. Miss Frances McKinstry
and Miss guzanne Blandlng.
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith, who is to
be numbered among the debutantes of the
winter season, was guest of honor at a
luncheon given by her aunt, Mrs, Camillo
Martin, yesterday. Miss Hyde-Smith has
Just returned from an extended trip
abroad with her mother. Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith, a younger sister or the
debutante, is at present In Washington
with her uncie and aunt, Mr. and Mrs.
Henly Smith, but will return to San Fran
cisco very ehortly with the Mayo New
halls.
GIVE LUNCHEON
IN HONOR OF
A DEBUTANTE
Before leaving San Francisco Mr. Heney
acted as prosecuting attorney In the "Ware
case. Mrs. Ware was arraigned and in
dicted yesterday for forgir.g applications
for land permits.
Just how long Mr. Heney will be away
is not known, but his friends expect to
see him home lnsldo of a month.
Mr. Heney was Attorney General of
Arizona for one term and is a Democrat,
having taken an active part in the recent
campaign.
Or., where he is to perform the
duties of prosecuting attorney in a land
fraud case now pending Ia that city.
Mr. Heney received his appointment
only last week from P. C. Knox, Attor
ney General of the United States. The
special line of work involved In Mr.
Heney's new oSce Is land fraud cases,
and a few months ago he figured promi
nently ia the case of the Spring Valley
Water "Works vs. the city and connty of
San Francisco. The decision rendered
was an injunction against th© city. Mr.
Heney has handled several other large
cases la this city daring the last few
years.
FRANCIS J. HENET. recently ap
pointed Epeclal Assistant Attor
ney General of the United States.
left last evening for Portland,
The cpenlng cf Mukden aad Ti-tuag-Kow,
while a step la the right direction, does not by
any means settle the Manchurian Question to the
satisfaction of the American trade interests.
What we want, aad what we must have. Is
that the preseat status quo of the ooea door
ia China. I. e., Manchuria, shall not be dis
turbed, aad a guaraate* to this effect, not ia
words, bet in black and white, we must get
from the Russian Government if we do not
want to see cur Manchurian trade slip away
from us during the next few years. We must
have an absolute assurance from the Rassiaa
Government that Americaa goods shall at all
times be permitted to enter Manchuria oa the
same footing as Russian goods. There is little
doubt but that such a guarantee could be ob
tained now by taklag a firm stand, whereas a
couple of years hence it would probably be Im
possible to get It without going to war.
Judging from our usually so well-iafMraed
press, what Is lacking ia the Unites States
to-day is a dear conception of what we really
have at stake in Manchuria. We seem to treat
tht. excellent customer of ours as a poor re
lation. Ten years hence, when the manufac
tured article win probably amount to 50 per
ceat of our exports and wtea the bread and
butter of millions of our people win depend on
foreign markets, the teamlnent possibility of
being shut oat from, one of our best markets
would be regarded by the American people wita
very grave concern indeed. "What is needed
now In the United States Is a healthy aad
streag public opinion on this question to
strensthen the hands of out National Govern
ment la safeguarding our rights la Maachuria:
aad allow me to tell you. geatlemen. now Is
the time to do It, for now It can be done wtta
out any danger. Very respectfully yours.
J. B. HAVRE.
NEED PRESENT STATUS.
"cpea door" la China. Rxuela, who was a
party to this agreement, ia now about to ab
sorb that part of China where our largest
trade Interests are concentrated, aad there w«
are raeaaced with baviag the door shut la our
faces.
bead. That our lucrative trade- wita Maa
churia Is menaced, and most seriously so. is
beyond Question. All our Consuls out here
whom I have epoken to. especially those In
North China, who are practlcIUy oa the spot.
are a unit In calling the attention of the Ameri
can people to the fact that if we do not take
the nec«rssarv steps cow to protect ocr Inter
est* in Manchuria, that eouatry will b« lost
to us for trade. I car.net urge you too strongly
to give this matter your most serious consider
ation, for no part of the United States Is more
vitally interested la the preservation of our
Manchurian trade than the Pacific Coast. There
\9 no limit to the different article* we eaa sell
there, provided the right men are seat there
to canvass the market intelligently, and. above
all. that we are not shut out by a discrim
inating tariff.
That our able Secretary of State is aware
of the state of affairs la Manchuria there caa
be no doubt, for he has ia his possession the
reports of our Consuls, lie must have foreseen
something Ilk* the present state of affairs
when, seme years ago. he approached the vari
ous European governments and exacted from
them a promise to observe the- policy of the
Assistant Attorney General
Leaves for the Oregon
Metropolis.
SAX FRANCISCO ATTOIOrET
WHO HAS RECEIVED AN IM
PORTANT APPOINTMENT.
"When the specified large sample has ar
rived aad U fouad to be coincident with the
original specifications, a proper agreement win
be made as to tbe number or quantity of goods
which — »ong undertakes to sell, also
as to the period of agreement and the price of
respective goods, as well as the system adopted
la transmitting money, etc In case the large
sample is incorrect this contract becomes null
and void; but should there be no mistake la
the . sample neither party shall be at liberty
to alter the provisions hereinafter stated:
"1 — The definite number of years the agree
ment Is to run and monthly Quantity of goods
irhicb " bong agrees to take shall ; be
fixed open the receipt of the large sample.
after* being convinced of Its correctness. ~*
"Z—.: hong orders the American sheet
ing under" a chop of ' "double horses. •• with
powderleas and pure thread. The sheeting; Is
to' be two feet six Inches broad (Chinese meas
urement} and 105 feet long per piece.. aad the
"In view of the native competition and the
efforts belrg rnade by Russia to capture tbe
cotton goods trade of Manchuria, especially
in drills and sheetings. American manufactur
ers should look more closely after their inter
ests In this market- Russian Industries are
encouraged by the Government in the form of
bounties etc. and that it Is the purpose of the
Russian " manufacturers to Imitate American
goods -and brands Is shown by the following
contract, made at this port between a
Ruetiaa official la the custom service, aad Chi
nese bong* <Chines» firms):
"This is a provisional contract made by
hong for the purpose of undertaking
to 6ell American sheetings, drills and cotton
yarn In the provinces of Fengteln. Kirln and
Hel-lung-Klant. It Is agreed that the privilege
of monopolizing ths sale of these three kinds
of goods shall not be givea to any other deal
ers nor shall any of the kinds be sold under
an 'altered mark cr chop In the provinces above
mentioned. -^fitSfe • -
CONSTTL GIVES FACTS.
As soon as Russia feels absolutely safe in
Manchuria she, will endeavor to capture this
rich market for herself and shut out her corn
petltorB. In this event the United States will
b» the prtnclP* 1 !«•«¦.
Russia is already trying ' to capture the
cotton goods market of Manchuria from the
hands of the United States. Under date of
March 19. 1903. the United States Consul at
Newchwang. Henry B. Miller, made the fol
lowing statement In the advance sheets of Con
sular Reports:
Good markets are not so plentiful nowadays
that we caa afford to let one slip through oar
fingers where we are already pre-eminent, and
for soch articles as Russia can manufacture
herself we will certalaly lose the Manchurian
market if the business men of th» United
States do cot wake up and see to it that our
Interests are safeguarded now — now is the
time to do It.
When people are prosperous they are good
customers for those who have something to
sell, aad la Manchuria the articles that sell
best are those which the United States can
furnish to the best advantage, such as kero
sene, flour, cotton goods, etc There la also a
good market for California fruits.
AMERICAN-MADE GOODS.
Manchuria is a richer province than any to
be found In the whole Russian empire. It
reminds one cf the prairies of Iowa. Kansas
or the Dakota*. As far aa the eye caa reach
one sees immense grain and com fields. The
country is not cut up into small tracts as bap
pens to be the case In many other Oriental
countries, but there are large fields, and farm
ing is done on a large scale, I have seen
Chinamen plowing and harrowing with five and
six ponies and mules. There teems to be
prosperity en every hand. To a casual passer
by this Is best evidenced by the bountiful crops
and the sleek, fat appearance of tbe farm
stock. While the horses are small they are
very tough and enduring, and so are the don
keys but the mules are fine specimens, as
large aad strong as those in the United States.
To protect oar Manchurian Interests we must
deal with Russia. China has nothing to aay in
Manchuria to-day aad Russia Is paramount.
Russia wl!l never let go of Manchuria aad sbs
has almost aa good a grip oa jt to-day aa she
has on Moscow. I weat nearly all over the
country and saw Russian soldiers In practically
every town. At every railway station one sees
Russian sentries on guard. They run the whol*
thing, and poor John Chinaman- has not a word
to say about it. At every railway station from
Dalny to Harbin, even If there are only three
or four buildings there, one sees fine brick
buildings going up. I have never been any
where wbere I saw such activity In building.
Does anybody believe for a moment that Russia
fs putting up all these fine buildiags on the eve
of her evacuation for the Chiaese to come back
and live In them?
DEALING WITH BTJSSIA.
In 1901 the imports frcta the United Elates
into Manchuria amounted to nearly $5,000,000.
The total foreign Imports for the same year
were under S13.OuO.00>). Tbe United States had.
therefore, about 44 per ceat of tbe total foreign
Imports of Manchcrta. In 1902 the American
experts Into Manchuria fell to about S3 per
ceat of the total amount of Manchuria's fcre'm
imports. Notwithstanding this decline from
IK'l. we are still doing a far larger business in
Manchuria than any other foreign country. But
how long will this lavt if the American peoptj
do not wake up to the true realization of the
facts and see to it that American goods shall be
assured a square deal in that market?
The opinion seems to prevail at home that
the United States has not much at stake la
Maachuria. aad that England and Japan are en
deavoring to Induce Uncle Sam to haul the
chestnuts out of the fire for them. It Is true
we have no political Interests there, wherea*
Japan has; but from the above figures It would
seem that the United States has more at stake
in Manchuria than any other country.
I wish to call your attention to Manchuria,
that rich territory where America. Is doing such
a large business, and wbere we may find oar
sej\es shut out almost any day if our Govern
ment does not take energetic steps to protect
our Interests.
The report submitted by Mr. Havre to
American manufacturers represented by
him in the Orient Is dated at Hongkong,
September 2S. and is in full as follows:
EAVTIZ -M-ATrr-g KEPOBT.
Resolved. That a certifled copy of the report
of Mr. J. R. Havre and of theee proceedings be
at once forwarded to the honorable Secretary of
State at Washington.
Resolved. That tbe attention cf the leading
commercial organizations of the United States
be called to this matter and that they are
hereby earnestly recommended to give their
c&reful consideration to same and to take such
action as shall clearly make known to our Gcv-.
ernni«nt the great importance attached by them
to the protection asd development of the com
mercial Interests of this country in Uancburia.
ResolTed, That this board views with the
deepest coacera the danger above referred to
and that the honorable Secretary of State of
the United States is hereby respectfully peti
tioned to take rach further energetic measures
as may be deemed by him to be most expedieat
to protect and nieJataln free commercial inter
course betweea this country and the Province
of Maachuna.
Whereas. It has been understood by this
community, from the negotiations which have
heretofore been conducted betweea the Govern
ment of the United States aad the several
Asiatic and European powers coaceraed. that
the policy of the "open door" shall be observed
and maintained as to commerce between all
countries and the Empire cf China and its vari
ous provinces aa heretofore constituted; and.
Whereas. It appearing, from the activity of
the Russian Governmeat la Uaochuria. and
frcm other fact* and statements set forth in
the report now before this board made by Mr.
J. B. Havre, representing large commercial
houses of the United States, that there is rreit
danger thst the Pacific Coast and the United
States generally will be debarred from free
commercial Intercourse with the province of
Manchuria, be It hereby
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Russians in Manchuria, formed
the subject of* resolutions that were
adopted yesterday by the dfrectors of
the Manufacturers' and Producers" As
sociation of California. One resolution
called upon the leading commercial or
ganization* of the United States to take
such action as shall clearly make known
to our Government the great importance
attached by them to free commercial In
tercourse In Manchuria and the protec
tion and development of trade In that
province. Another requests the Secretary
of State of the United States to take such
steps as shall secure tbe needed protec
tion for American trade in Manchuria. *
In connection with the adoption of the
resolutions by the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association a communication
was adopted to be forwarded to the or
ganizations and persons engaged in busi
ness. Inviting careful consideration of the
resolutions and also of the report of J.
B. Havre. In this communication Mr.
Havre is indorsed for business experience
and Judgment and also for knowledge of
the present and future trade of the
United States In Manchuria. The resolu
tions and tbe communication referred to
are signed by President Andrea Sbarboro
and Secretary Bancroft. The text of the,
resolutions is as follows:
A THREAT to the trade of the
Pacific Coast and also to that
of the United States In general,
that Is found in the acts of ths
TRADE IS MENACED.
The forecoiar. article hits the call on ts«
•'As ia a number of other articles, Americaa
flour eajoys the reputatioa of be!ag the 'correct
braad.' The suddea fall in the importation of
American flour Is not without reason to those
who are bold enough to look the facts in the
face. There are several flour mills at Harbin.
Two of them are of considerable magnitude.
One of them is owned by the Chiaese Eastern
Railway, that Is to say, is in the hands of
Russia. It has a capacity of turning out every
day 126,302 pounds. Through these mills one
can purchase a fine quality of wheat at €0
kopecks (30 cents) per busheL A certain num
ber of newspapers in the United States are
happy In cheerfully stating that the north
western part of the United States can produce
wheat aad Sour and ship them 1500 miles In
land to Siberia at a profit. The figures given
here concerning the Russian mills at Harbin
might be expected to do a radical missionary
work among that cheerful class. And this is
not the only Russian mill that is In operation.
" •Goverameat agents aad Russian subjects."
savs the American Consul at Newchwang in
one ei bis recent reports, "are building flour
mills, factories and meat packlag establish
ments, aad are opening mines and selling
goods throughout Manchuria — privileges which
Americans are net permitted to enjoy." The
friends of tbe United States trade with Man
churia might be forgiven in underscoring these
few words. Of course. If you do not believe
your Consul at Xewchwang and are happy ia
placing your heart and confidence in the state
ments of Russian diplomatic officers, very well
and good. It might be that the gentlemen in
tbe service of the Czar are likely to give you
more correct reports thaa the American repre
sentative oa the ground."
MARKET FOB FLOUB.
The fDllowusr is an extract frosi aa article
published la a paper oat here:
"The largest imports of flour from the United
States iato Manchuria were made la 1901. when
It amounted to J12S.O0O in value, while In 1902
it fell to $91,004. Xew the demand for Amert
caa flour has beea worked up in the few years
preceding 1801. aad Is therefore of receat
growth. Ansericaa flour gained a good deal
ia Chinese favor when they found out its su
perior quality, and also especially whea they
found out that its price was not very much
different from the native aad Inferior flour.
An areat cf Rcssiaa manufacturers Is here
endeavoring, ia rocnectleo with ths Russo-
Chinese Bank, to secure the trade ia cotton
priats. He has a very large selection of sam
ples *nd promises delivery la three months.
The prices range from 12.5 kopecks <&4 ceats)
per Russian yard CS laches) for ordinary
prlated cambrics, to 21 kooecks (10.S ceats>
t--r fancy Lastlngs.
Tbe Chinese say the character and quality of
the goods are well suited to this market and
are b*tt»r thaa the American goods, aad that
they will sell If prices are low enough. The
above Quotations are aot, however, sufficiently
low to secure the trade.
The lmoorts of drill*. Jeans and sheetings
frcm the United States through Newchwang
amount annually to about U.OO>>XOO. and when
the quantity coming through Dalny and Port
Arthur is taken iato account aad the other
kinds of cottoo fabrics are iaciuded. I am, con
vinced that ©cr imports of cotton goods Into
Manchuria will amount to over S4.5CO.CO0 per
anrum. Under Russian control of the customs
it is claimed that lius* ian goods win pass free
and ail others would pay the duty.
American oil has enjoyed great favor la
Manchuria. The quantity of American kero
sene lmDorted into Menchurla steadily grew
up to 190L In that year it amounted to 8.172,
000 gallons. In 1902. however, the lxaportt fell
from the three million mark down to 603.2S9
gallons.
So far as costom returns show there Is no
accounting for this decrease by the iatroduc
ttou of aay other oil. but the facts are that
th- prediction made ia my last year's report
have been fulfilled, aad oil sold by the Russo-
Chiaese-Bank la the Interior cities of Man
churia is driving out the American product.
An American firm en account of the opposition
of the Russian oil dealers has been unable to
secure a site at Daisy for building warehouses
to store American oil.
BUSSIAN AGENT ACTIVE.
"6. Tbe quantity of goods to be takea aad
•old by the. second party shall be according to
the actual number of good.« which is usually
sold ia the above mentioned three provlnces.
Oa t»ie other hand the first party shall not
sell similar roods la the same provinces nor
uader modified chop through aay other ageacy.
"1. As the second party will have to furnish
a large capital to carry on the enterprise they
deem it nectfcsarv to cbtaia protection of the
authorities of ths first party in the places in
which they do business, and to secure two
proclamations to that effect, ia Chiaase aad
Russian, which shall be posted at the door of
the second party.
* v Dan%ged goods aad goods of an Inferior
quality or variety or weight shall be carefully
examined and settled for at reduced prices.
"9. The g-jods above described are such as
suit the markets of said provinces, and whea
the final arreenseat Is entered Into no change
can be irad- as to the original provleioas.
"10. It will be at the optica of either party to
continue or discontinue the business at the ex
piration of tbe time agreed upon, but should
It be continued a new arreemeat. in Chinese
and Bu**ian. shall be drawn us."
"5. Oa the date of receiving goods draft* at
sixty days' sight for the amouat due shall be
drawn ar&lrst baaks at Shanghai, la tfc*
event of drawer beinz unable to meet drafts on
due dates oa account of the dull markets in
the northern provinces he shall be at liberty
to extend them a further period at an Interest
of fe per ceat per annum. This is likewise
mutually agreed to and no alteration caa be
made afterward.
weight thirteen - catties (weventeea pouads).
Each package ix to contain twenty pieces, be
lined inside with on* sheet of foreign paper.
covered outside with hemp cloth aad wound
with nine rounds of hemp cord.
"The dritls cf 'double dragroo.' pure thread,
two feet two inches broad and 105 feet long
(Chinese measurement ». are to weigh thirteen
catties apleoe. with fifteen pieces to the pack
age, each package to be llaed Inside with one
sheet of green oilcloth and one sheet of for
eign paper and covered outside with hemp
cloth aad seven rouads of white hemp cord.
•The cotton yarn, with a chop of 'two mea
carrying tea bucket." 20 pieces to make a small
bundle, is to be wrapped with hard paper and
wcund with heara suing; 40 bundles to make a
package covem! with hemp cloth and four
iron hoops.
"The -sbove soeciSed maaaer of packmf is
that to which the markets of the said three
provinces have been accustomed. Any dis
crepancy will lead to depreciation of value and
difficulty of sale. . .
••3. It i* agreed to take the fourth and teath
moon of each year as the date upoa which to
fix the price of Use respective goods accordlsg
to the Shanrhai market, with a reduction of
25 per cent, the money to be paid la the cur
rency of Shanghai.
"4. For conveyance of such goods to said
province* i-orz is free from paylag cus
tom duty, freight and coolie hire or aay otheT
expenses. This is mutually agreed to aad eo
alteration can be made afterward.
SCKZDUT-E OF HOURS.
It appears by the evideace that the average
hours cf actual labcr by the body of regular
cea cader the present schedule are tea hours
and three niautes. or thereabout; thef e . tne
tirae when the strike was settled la April.
13GC, the schedcle which was agreed to by tas
company was tea hours per day. ta be com
pleted wlthia focrteea hour*, aad that this
schedule, usca the request of the uaioa, was
amended ty exteadlc*- the hours of labor ta
elerea. to be completed within Cfteea hoars,
la compering the hours of service oa these
railroads it does not appear that they are
longer cr more arduous than generally prevail
ia this line of service: nor does it appear that
they are too long, coaslderinr toe health aad
welfare of the mca la this line of service, aad
la view cf the fact that the diaiat* of the
I'i-'.S-- Coast Is exceptlosaZljr mild and free
from that severity that obtains ia the middle
asd eastern part of the Unite-d Bcates.
Third— 1 Judge and award that the same
hours and schedule that now obtains be coa
ttcued. it :s always wlthla the province of
the railroad en the cue side and the employes
oa the other ta inwd their schedules ty mu
tual agreement- I therefore dedlae to disturb
the pr«*ent schedules.
Fourth — la accordance with agreement nader
which this arbitration was entered cpoa. the
wage rate adjudged aad awarded »*i«i; \j»
deemed to go jr. to effect as of the In of May
1V03. and continue Butll the 1st of May. 190*. '
la conclusion I desire to add that in coming
to ths sbove dec; j lea I have endeavored to be
Just aad equitable to both sides, and have
beea largely influenced by the desire and pur
pose to establish a permanent peace betweea
the company and its employes, to eacourage
a r;!r;t cf mutual cocadeace aad to secure to
the public what It has a right to demand, the
best possible street railway service without
frteUin. so aa to avoid for many yean to
coo* cca£lct aad disagreement between the
corporation oa the one side, the union on the
other, although by this agreement the award
as aforesaid, is to be cr.'y binding for a period
of one year.
I trust, asd It Is my expectation, that it will
continue for a much longer period. The exten
sive creparatioa of this case, wita its vast
amount cf testimony asd the large cost aad
labor it has entailed upoa both sides, has been
so great that It is hoped that this will be aa
added rtasoa for ceatiauing the award for
years to cetae beyond the period specified.
For the purpose of avoiding aay dispute or
disagreemcat regarding the meaalag aad la
terpretalkjo cf these awards or regarding the
persons to whom they shall apply. 1 suggest ia
such ereat the q3estloa be referred to arbitra
tion, the arbitrators to be selected. oc« by
the United Railroads, the other by the Em
ploye*" Utloa. and. ia ease they disagree, a
third arbitrator be selected by these two. whose
dedsica shall be Cnal and conclusive.
OSCAK S. STRAUS.
VT. D. MAHO.N.
New Ycrk. November 3. 1903.
I decline to ccacur &ad wIU £!• aj reasons
la writlag. PAT. CALHOUX.
the rest cf the United States does not appear.
It was daisied that part cf the Increase la
due to the fact that labor is more generally
orraruxed in the different branchee of industry
la eaa Francisco than elsewhere, aad that has
been one of Uxe causes for a rise ia th« cost
of living.
Ia view, therefore, cf all these circoa
«taaoe«. I aiJrSge and award:
First— That the United RaRrcads ef Baa
Francisco pay to such cf the members of Divis
ion Xo. SCC. Amalgamated »«»A^{iitlm of
Street Railwcjr Employes of America, wno are
now and have t>e«a la their employ for a
period under two years prior to April 1. 1S03
aa Increase at 5 per cent above 25 ceaU an
hoar, and to such of said employes who are
now aad have beea tsrlcr to April l. 1W3. la
their eacpJcy two years aad over aa iacreas* of
10 per cent obore 25 ceats aa hour, aad that
for overtime tie like percentages of Increase
above the present rate be paid.
Second — I adjudge aad award that the United
Railroads cf Eaa Francisco pay to suca
cf its employe* who are zaesshers of
Division No. 205. Amalgamated AssoeU-
Uoq cf Street Railway Employes of Anaer.
lea. wbo work by the day. aad who are now
and have been la their employ for a serlod of
under two years prior to April I. 1900. aa In
crease of 5 per ceat above the dally rate of
¦wsjee they are cow receiving, aad to such of
said <.-_;' :•?•«¦« who are new aad have beea
prior to April 1, 1908. la their employ two
years as3 over aa Increase of 10 per cent
above the rate of wage they are now receiving.
W bother the Increase cf the co*t of llrlag
io =an Francisco for the first Stc months ia
1KB as ooraoared with the first five months
la 13u2 was normal or not as compared with
TffA-rTF.S ITS AWJLRD.
On the other hand it Is claimed by the
United ' Railroads, based upon Professor
Pleha s report, that while there has been an
advance thai advance does not exceed raere
thaa 3 per ce=t. The basle of ths large mass
of te«tlsiocy oifered fcy the street railway eni
plcyt* derived from their own members Is
larking in de£niteness and ia part ia reliabil
ity. Oa the other hand the bases of the ex
haustive calculations made by Professor
Piehn are not entirely satisfactory or coa
vtsci&g. The -rrv.—.-zv oa both sides estab
lishes, however, the fact that there has beea
for the perlcls mentioned a rt*e In the cost of
living; that cd t*»e average the rent of rooms
or ax>artzc«-ats such as the employe* live in has
advanced about 10 per cent.
Referm* to the Increased cost of llviag.
the Aathracite Coal Strike Cocunlssion (see
bulletin of th* Department of Labcr No. 40.
May. XdOS. care 472 .i. says:
"This Lncrvase for the past few year*, as
a*certain«-l for a forthcoming report, and tak
ing into consideration the leading articles of
ccnsu-=ptioa for food, amounts to 9.6 per cent.
Frod this It is seea that, t&king the average
quantity of articles consumed per fasily aad
assuming prices for 1901 to be 100. la lSSs they
were Srt.O; la 1SV». W.5; ia 1S0O. V«.7. aad la
1S02. 1O6.2.**
lated by the dea^nd aad the supply. In our
day. with the isore humace «y>aiideratica of
this question, there has corae about a decided
departure froca this rigid aad often iahnmaa
tcetfcod of re*ulat!a« wares. No doubt the or-
Far.lzatioa cf wage earners on the one elie and
employer* ««> the other, roupled with the mere
eali^htenei aad humane Tlews that characterire
our are aad dfiliz&tioa. have beea responsible
for the chaare. Ob the other band, we most be
rr.ir.if ¦_: nothir* is so destructive of an Indnstry
as to yield to deiaaads oa the part of labor that
nsay be caecoaoialc
By the munsooy It appears that the fatted
Raiircads of San Francisco are now psyir.r a
hirh rate of wace. and that there are only four
street railway ccspasies out of 345 of which
statistics are. rtvea that pay a h'.fher rate, asd
that these are located In Moctana. aad that
these focr p*r aa average rate raaging from
27.5 c«sts to £3 cccta per hour; aad that there
are of this cuzaber only four companies that
pay a« high rate as the cesipacy is now paytag.
aascly, £5 certs; aad that these coaipaaies are
located In Oakland. Cal.. in Saa Francisco, aad
is Spckaae. v."av... aad also cae ta Chlcaco.
The rtaaiard cf wages oa the Pacific Coast,
aad -weciallr la San Francisco, siaee 1S46 has
always been high, resulting from «--nr
cause*. The migratic-a from the EAti begaa
la that vear, Isicelied by the discoveries of
F'-'.i. aad by resssn of the fart that the jour
aey was a long and expensive cae wage* were
much hicher than ia the middle cr eastern
part of ti-e United States, and so also was the
cert ci V.rim. As time ran oa and with the
building cf transcontinental lines the dispro
;-"¦— i *-. has become lefts aad less, but it still
r- — c.:r.t as a fact that geaertlly speaklag the
rate of wares if eosewbat higher la the city
of Sac Francisco thaa !a other cities of equal
siie throughout the United States. DcubUess
It wa» for that reasoa asiong others that the
United Railrcadc cf fian Fraaciaco after the
strike of Arrii. 1902. setUed by granting to the
eaea 23 cents per hour with 30 cents for over
tins*, which according to their own showing
wag 10 to 13 per cent higher than paid by sim
ilar railroads ia other cities with the excep
tloa cf these mentioned above.
The evidence shows la coenpariag the erwt
of llvis* in 1902 with that of iftOS that there
fc*s beea aa advance. It is claimed on behalf
cf the street railway employes by a large raass
of testia»cay they accumulated that that ad
vance, has beea frosa 20 to SO per ceat.
with the absence of precedeats to raide m.
Tbere are no terras of a coatraet to interpret.
because the v#ry ract that such an arbitration
is ajrreed upoa is becaose th« parties have been
•unable to ts&ke a coatract. and therefore appeal
to the hira seaae of equity oa the part of the
persor.* ejected as arbitrators to accord a fair
wace fer the s«-»-lce» that are dcananded. The
earlier eecsomlsts generally held to the ruliag
that wages, like any other commodity, are reiro-
terfar-
A* already announceil. the board award
ed the ctrr:en an advance of 5 and 10 per
crt-t In wtfea, acccrdii^ to the tfcne of
KTrice cf the men la the corspany. but
oecUned to act rpon the Question of work
:zi£ hours, rr.fJr.7y for the reason, as *i
plalsed la the decision, that it Is a ques
tion that n&y at ary tine be mutually
settled between the employer and em
ployes. The decision follow*:
!n tfc« tr^tier cf tte arbitration of certain
£:?«t*~.c« between Ini-iatoe N'o. 206. .Kzr.LL-
Farsated AssoeiaiioE of Street Railway EB
j ;cyes of ATstnca. a=l the United R&liroads or
htn FrasciSco. Fre-a the r'e*iis<» and the
tenirr.— -y :s this Gutter It appears that oa the
tHb 0*r of Ajril. I9GC a strike was fiedarrd
<% *- :' tbe corr:p*r}'» ::ses epos th« de
rn*r.i# 2i«e by t.lse us:jq uitfer focrteea iif-
T^-* cc=p*r.y r^*"5=«^y rested all of the
- c«rr,«Lrdf is»-it by the raea exceptls* one.
•rtirh has «:r:ce be*a crafted, narieiy. the
rocoputicr. el tie union. Tte «<»ttl«r.«-.t wu
*--lj=ft*i cs A^nl 24 2502. s. fiat rate of 25
»»at» !>«• beer for time ao^ually at work wa»
motsa:!y acreed orca. and 3»> c«ats per hour |
lor overUise. It tu axr«4 that the bc-urs of j
labor shall not exceed tta per <Uy. and that all
rur« ehall be 2i^*bM w.th'.n foarteeri hc«r»
•- bb the «effl««5«-=t cf the rsa. ThU last
< lanae. belsc the tfcirl *rt:c> of the a«r«e
rr^nt. «aa a=er.i«>d *t :he rwju**t of tie «n
jicy*» ro u to ei'.ecd the tour* of Later t-3
*\ex*s. aid the hoars w-.this »tc!i a raa ehall
be £s:«tcd to tfie^s.
Oa !t« l€rh day cf iUrch. 1K3, as arrears
t-v th» r-!*a.-;:-x^. t v * urioa served Kpoa the
ros-psEr a*» ietcasii. (See voiunie 1. pa««»
I-? cf tf«::n:(x:y..> j
Ey it* a=*«tr cf ite c^rs.r-a=r acJ the cca- .
tra.ct trr^e^ tpos ty tte csjcferer.ee co=^slttee ,
*.~::zf c-a ihe i*n cf the cosipaEy aad the
utiot. these <5TKasii were t-lther arreeiS to. ;
rsodlirf ct withdrawn, with the exception cf
those rpf<TT-.r^ to hours ari w&t**.
ABBITBATOKS CHOSES"-
Eotesqaeaxljr. oa Apr-.l 6. 1S03. the
proposal to rrf^r all matter* cf differesee ar-.«
tr^ cut <f tie ismani* <*xr*ptirx the natter
of es:7'.r>-Eert ar^ ilscharret to W. D. Mahoa.
Ir.tercatlcaal prrs:ient AiEa^arr^ted Aesocia
tita cf Street Railway Ea^J-.cye* cf Ar:mct.
ana to Patrick Calhc^n. represectla* the rall
roa<! cc=ipi=r. -or -=*' a4Ju#«cent, wa» ar- '
cep«ed tj- the railroad coxiizj-, with the ad
«:::ck:
Tt&t Sleasrs. Maboo s.tsd Calh«:n be au
thortxed to arpctet a third persos to eit with
• th*sn ta the consideration cf i<:~ts Kpoa which
they may be c=ab> to trree. and that a. ma
jority vote *£l ttea be cecUtfe."
O= the lith cf Jime, 1Sl<3. Mewrs. CaHiotin
aad ilahca trieErii'heJ to the u=d-rrsl«T:e<l ae
fcllcwt:
"^\e have sxreed ctttj roa a* third arbiter
:a act with *t 'a »»tt'.e=;est of cenair d:*er
enoes betwees the United Raiiroait <^o=:p«T.y
c* tils city ani tt* Ftr**t Carmen' e fnioa-
Tbe e-s-ISesce will t* ttken b>- a cod=ni«»loaer
and s"»bT=i;te-£ tc yea tT; writing. This coo
trcTerry i» *-= iaijiortant o=e. aad we stronffly
urve yoa to aece^."
To which I «-t r=y rtjly ca the ssss* day:
la the Use of the duty I have «a before
=* to promote Iniastrtal peace. I accept, but
;»gret this a-Si!ticcal work «?e=;iaar upon tae."
Sufcaw-q-iectlr the testSraonj- in tti» matter
w*» tiXea betcre the Hon. rr«=k Vura«ky.
who was agreed Jijioa a« a cci=sii»*jocer. cov
"r-.TX -'--« ciosely type-writtea volunses. be
t.in TTASy -volts:« of exhibits.
The £rrt Eieetir* cf the ccsisii*aicn was held
<¦= frertcaber 15. lS«a. te th» room* of the New
York Board <>f Trtjtt and Tran^pcrtatic-n. 203
Broadwav. Mr. Cfcibocn ruTK«»t»-l tfaat the
«<r-r •¦«-; r*i ehocH r*** uprts th«? Quenian epen
rh;cs the cctspacy had refused to give testl
n»o=y as J9 tielr ability to pay the ware de
rsaaiSed. .-
It «-as xitaEtiacusly decided by the ces:=iU
•;«! that oo te*tt=;ocy it to the ability or iisa
b'.tity d the cocirany to pay the wajes that
wfU b« ftx*4 ty th:s coi=n:i»slon wlU be re
<fl\ed as no <;3«ticn had axi«*a as to the
c«Tspa=y'« lack cf ahUlty to pay its wage cr
asy ware this co^ssisslca siculJ decide. Per
th* *• h>f*rtr^ ef the cc=i=3l»si«! was aijooreed
txata October 12. l?Ca 54r. A. A. Moore ap
r**red a* eour*el fcr the railroad* aad Hca.
Kdw»ri J. L:verca*h appeared «ls cosaael for
th» xu^cn.
7^>e ur^crcu cu the part of cn=*el weie
h«»rS co that is.r ar.1 en the 10th. Clrt aad Z£J
«-f October fcilowfa*. Writtea brief* were rab
. e*<raet;tiy hanied in ty the respective counsel.
It it the ;udriaest ef the ir=derTi«ned there
i^Uifcta «f ail tl»e matter presested by the vcl
ur=tn^:» r>*ii^F* and r-crre*i»ca4*ace frasnisg
•:.« ttcue* but two Questions for determination
tr this b^ani. =s.tce!j-:
Firrt— Tfee «;tieetics as to what fs a fair
wasery.
Sercrd— The c=«ti«i cf fcocrs of labor.
STA2n>AB.D OF WAGES.
Of aU «fsertlcrs that arise fa laJmt-iaj <i-s
inatcs none i« more <lirSrn!i to deiae aad ileter
rr.ivjt :.-..: wfcat re a fair wagery. Wishing to
make try cctrlusions a* brief acd ecneise as
jKwsfhle. I will not eater tato the eccsoisic
specBiaticss that thi* <;3»*tloa cires rise to as
it «aa serve no psn<** fcere.
If arbitratlcra of thl* kind coaceraed the la-
Terj»*tatJe>a *>f a r<>atr»<-t. «• ©f laws of rercia
tioe». th-ejr wroali t* free from njarjr of the «^i
c*Tta!T!tle«. laaefiEiter»** arid <iiffl<n:lt!e« that
rsrrousd a derteica. V.'e tre cset at the outset
COTZTS ef the Snfil-ps of the board
<:*. arbitration, ccniposcd of Oscar
£. Straps, Patrick Celhoan ard
W. D. aiahon, "wrfco, a week ago,
settled the dllterences existing
befprees ti*e United Railroad* and Its
etrp'.ryes relative to wares and hour*, a
brief tracrsis of wh!ci was telegraphed
Jrcn: New Ycrk on tfcs <lay tie board ren
dered :t» decision, were received here yes-
Full Decision of Men Who Passed Upon Questions Involved
in the Carmen's Case Reaches City and Contains Infor
mation That Theories of Early Economists Are Ignored
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association Acts Upon Com
munication From Commercial Representative in the
Orient and Will Invoke Aid to Preserve America's Trade
HIGH SENSE OF EQUITY
CONTROLS ARBITRATORS
TAKES STEP TO MAINTAIN
OPEN DOOR IN MANCHURIA
FRANCIS HENEY
TO HANDLE LAND
FRAUD CASES
¦THE - SAK ¦ FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
7
COLUMBIA £S
LAST e NIGHTS— MATINEE SATC3U5AT.
irnTtr.Y arosxcAi. pastast.
T A GREAT T
O SI\G!.\G COMPANY. O
T5> TP
KA REAL -r^
r-* BEAUTY CHORUS. ¦&
JO fc3>
(Maeagesiret Dsarbcm Theater Cotspasy.)
Last Tlsi* Next Suaday.
NEXT MONDAT Charles Froh=A» presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. VT. Fizero's Masterpiece
«'IRIS'»
T&s most talked of play of t!:« past decadst.
SEATS READY THXTB3PAT.
[..CALIFORNIA..
TO-NIGHT.
T&« World* a l*;s: Marrelaos Magiciaa,
till
TBE 6REAT.
Accompanied by the MTBrary MsslcUas.
THE LASKTS.
NEXT ETXDAT— The cn& aad erixtsal
ROSE MELVILLE la "Sis Hocklsa."
ALCAZAR l™r
General Manager.
"Tie H«v *TrgTHT Company Bas Mads
Oood la Zierjr Play."— S«tts I.e«sr.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT. AND ST3T.
First Tines la Nearly FlTe, Years.
The Private &~
That
Secretary. &
Errs.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat & Sua.. 15o to 50c
NEXT MONDAT— First Tiasa ta Ttls City.
THE CLUB'S BABY.
.. A Comedy Convulsion in Thre« Spasss!
CENTRAtT""
Belasco & Mayer Proprietors.
Market st.. near Effhta. Phon* Soota KU
T0-3TCGHT — ALL THIS WEJBJC
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
StockrrelTs M&zsxseta Production ef
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100
CHORUS OF 60 COLORED PEOPLE!
PDlfPS EVENINGS 10c ta SOe
lAlWCO MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23c
MONDAT. November lfc tie Gorffaocs Speetaei*
"UHD£B THE POLAR STAB."
Iatrodaclnr. First Time ta United Star**.
Ese}=lzzaax a_~.<S Esqslsaa Dors of KoftehofTa
Arctic and Alaskan Exhibit. Ea Route to St.
Louis \Tcrfd'a Fair.
PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE!
Pellnan and Jloore; Warrea and
Blanch ard; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters; "Village Choir'*
Quartette; Max Waldon; Clivette;
The Two Roses; Goleman's Dogs
»pfl Cats and ths
XXGLESZDB AUTOMOBILE TiAnra
Shown in Motion Pictures.
Reeerred Seats ZSeiBaJccny lfe
Box Seats asd Opera Chairs iOc
¦ ISW WHLTiS.
QTTEZSf. STOWS aad nTClT.
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES Df THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ETMASSTAS IS THS ZOO!
&ets of Pun la tae Peaay Areada.
VISIT THE
"HTSTxc ansxos axAZE."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
When PboBlsc Ask for **Tn« Caatea."
laiUWV see the beautiful
j COURT Loonzing
/inn room, tha EMPIRE
flllU PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the •
(IT/. Hfl LOUIS XV PAR-
D i t DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
AXUBBXBHTB.
C RA VVD SS^Ii
Er«ilag» at 8.
Matteee* VTedaesday aad Eatarfa.7 at i
SECOND U/EEK.
SLAV and EBLAKOES'S
Stupendous ProducUcn cf Gea. Lew %V«I!ac*"»
BEN HUR
Dramatised by William Toon*
Music by Edgar StUUaaa KeUey.
peT Seats on Sale Thursday
for Last Two Weeks.
ti\/AI ro^BA
I I V ULI HOUSE.
, TO-SIOXT
Tuesday and Sunday Xi&hts, Saturday Matiaee.
VerdTs Favortts Grand Opera,
"IL TROVATORE."'
Wednesday. PTrtday aad Saturday Kisita,
PucdaTs Great Tracedy.
"TOSCA."
Tb» *r*st Steindorff Nitfit win be ca UaaCay
next. 16th lsst.
Ths featnrs of the Operatic Season. ths> pr»-
ductSon of "ZAZA"— Tuesday. 17th.
Prices always— 25c. 50c; 73c. - ,
Telephone Bath 9. • -':• ¦-->
They ! By Tens!
Came | By Hundreds!
1 xagMeea. Hcadred of them last cltrht to se«
| RUBES AND ROSES |
Just tha very best Msslcal Comedy erer.
Oar "All Star" Cast. lacludlnc:
KOLB AXD PTT.Ti.
BARNEY BERNARD.
VTTNTIEXJ? BLAKX.
MAUDE AMBER.
Georgia o-RAinrr.
• BEN T. DILLON.
;*¦ MATLNgE OX THANKSGIVING.
" XKAT. "I. Oi V." •
PIANO RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLATER.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER I4la, AT 3 P. H.
IN STEINYVAY HALL,
Aaother Piaao Recital wd b» «trea by Mr.
PerclTal K. Tan Yorx. with, the aid of
...THE ANGELUS....
Soloist: MISS DAXST COHX. Sopraaa.
Compllaientary tickets may b* a«cnrsd at our
stor* asyitioaa bafor* the rsclui.
SHERMAN. , CLAT A CO..
: J Kearsy aad Setter Eta.. Saa Fraacteca.
v-- - -• ¦ .,• ¦¦¦ -
SCOTT'S EMULSION".
This is the season of the
year when Scott's Emulsion
does some of its best work-
Fortifying the system against
the ravages of winter is one
of the most effective uses of
Scott's Emulsion ; it builds
up the strength of the whole
body and puts one in a
healthy, vigorous condition-
Weak lungs, throat troubles
or bronchial affections get
more positive help and relief
from Scott's Emulsion than
from any other source.
Cod liver oil itself is very
scarce just now; cheap adul-
terations and mixtures of
inferior oils are offered every-
where.
This. is why Scott's Emul-
sion should be insisted upon.
It never varies from the high
quality and absolute purity
that has made it the standard
for thirty years.
WeTl sead 70a a sample free, upon reqneat.
SCOTT & BO WXS, 409 Pearl Street, New York. ,
ADVZBTISZHZUTS.
I^y //'/ iff /
¦Mrs. Wdsslitz, Buffalo. N. Y^j
cored of kidney trouble by LydiaE.
Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound.
Of all the diseases known with which
the f exsale organism is afflicted, kidney
disease is the most fatal. In fact, tm-
less prompt and correct treatment is a p-
plied. the weary patientseldomsarri Tea.
Being- fully aware of this, Mrs. Pink-
ham, early in her career, gave careful
study to tie subject, and in producing
her sreat remedr for woman's ills —
Lydia E. Pizxkbam's Vegetable
Compound — made anre that it con-
tained the correct combination of
herbs which was certain to control
that dreaded disease, woman's kidney
troubles.
Bead What 3Irs. Weisslitz Says.
"Deab Mes. Pesxbam : — For two
years ny life was simply a burden, I
esSered so with female troubles, and
pains across my back and loins. The
doctor told me that I had kidney
troubles and prescribed for me. For
three months I took his medidne, but
grew steadily worse. My husband then
advised me to tnr Lydia EL. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and
brought home a bottle. It is tbe great-
est blessing erer brought to our home.
Within three months I was a changed
woman. " My pain had disappeared, ny
complexion became dear, my eyes
bright, and my entire system in good
shape.*— Mes. Pactjl VrjassLnz, 178
Seneca St.. Buffalo, N.Y. — tsooo forfeit
if tfitfnai cf *iK-j* ictztrpr9c:*te*fisli>er*ticarjxt
t* prtiC-JStA.
A T-KrpwrTRTTM I- 1 N 'IV.
*^B Kons ijt^JiBH^ «§!§ HR3 Si"'"' 1 1-1 t « » *A \£&
wjBl. XmS&r m R Hfi VTa^n wStO mm fj3 %% V^*
The Kind You Have Always Bonght has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. EL. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over SO years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
** Just-as-grood** are but Experiments, and endanger th©
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is GASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms -
and allays Fevenshness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You toe Always Boiioht
y* Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.The Adam Andrew selling stakes, $2000 added,'
for 2-year-olds and up at time of closing, to be
run Saturday. January 16, 1904, six and a half
furlongs — Captain Forsee, ', Diderot, Jarretiere
d'Or, Americano, Banquero, Martin,- Lord Mel
bourne, Coroner Kelly, Wyoming. Beautiful and
U«-st, Aeneas, Sldonla, ; Huntressa, Toledo, Cas
cine, San Nicolas, H. L~ Frank," SlUcater Plute
Squaw, Lecturer, Parting Jenny, ' Antrad, Evea
G, Chapel,- Byronerdale, eaxntly. Sailor Knot;
Play Ball, Judge,' Colonel Roosevelt, - 8ter»
Around. ;Cornlvol.- O'Hagen,' Estoy Llsto, Whoa
Bill, The Bugaboo, Military, Man, St." George
Jr.." Lord Wadsworth. Du Barry. Denzll, Bark
lyite. Bucolic, Jockey. Club, The • Cure, Lans
down. Rustic Girl. Daisy Green, ' Bronze Wing,
Snlto, Hagerdon. Nonle, Aunt Polly, Little Sis
ter, Ebony," Presidio. : Sly.- Long Shot, Emshee,
Martinmas, Selma, El '¦ Plloto, ¦" Gondolus, Arabo,
Irldlus, Arcade," Dainty,' Nlgrette. 8acredus.'Le
tola," Bummer. • Tom Klngsley, The Stewardess,
John A: Scott/ Misty's Pride, Futurlta, F. W.
Brode, Thane. Stuyve. Harry Beck. Ed Lllburn,
Matt Hogan, Laura F M, Zenonlan, •¦ Bill Mas
sle. '• Louis Wagner. Theron. Gibraltar. Florlana
Belle,. Ethel ¦ Abbott, v-The ' Don. Muresca. -.Tom
May bin. ' Princess - Tltanla, '¦ E. : M; Brattain,- Cu
nard, Eggnogg, William Parrish. Narra O,
Colcnel Van.' Sterling Towers." Royal Rogue, Dr.
Boyle, -Burnle Bunton.s Bay i Wonder, -The Fret
ter.; Dotterel. Egyptian - Princess, ¦ Sam :. Fullen,
Oroslus." Oronte, Dick .Turpln, Nevermore,^ Fort
Wayne. Hugh McGowan,".^ Ben MacDhui, > Aby
dos. . Clausus,.: Introductor, •>» Flyer, " Olympian;
Avenger, ' Schwalbe, :¦-". Crimean. Testimony, Blu
rrenthal, < Buccleuth. - Mlmo, , T. ~ J. > Cox. 1 F. » E.
Shaw, i The i Fog.i Glendenning. Mansard,-- Peter
J," Silent' Water,-' Creole . Jim. . Pachuca, <> Andrew
B. Cook, Kalos, Halnault. Per* Dale, Venator,
The Follansbee handicap, $2000 added, ; a
high-weight handicap for two-year-olds and
upward at time of closing, to be run Satur
day. January 9, 1D04 seven furlongs — Captain
Forsee. Libble Candid, Diderot, Jarrietlexe
d'Or. El Bernardo, Felipe Lugo, Dora Thorn,
Jack de Mund, Marlln, Grafter, Beautiful and
Best, Aenea3, Sldonla, Instructor, Alfredo, The
Giver, . Formaster. Huntressa, Rockaway. ' To
ledo. Corrlgan, Lecturer, Parting. Jennie,-Ani
rad.. Evea G, Gawalne . Chapel. Byronerdale,
Balntly. Duke of 'Richmond, Play Ball. Wen
rlck. Meehanus ¦ Dlvlna, Estoy Llsto. Whoa
Bill. The Bugaboo, Bearcatcher. Military Man.
Lord ' Wadsworth St - George Jr. Du Barry,
Barklyite. Bucolic Jockey Club. Daisy Green,
Hagerd(*i, Andlnas, Masedo, Nonie, Yellow Tall,
Ebony. Presidio. - Long Shot. . Martinmas, Em
shee. Lucien Appleby. Caliban. Keogh. Selma,
Faulconbrldge, Colonel - Bogey, Mexlcanna,' Sea
graves, Maxetta, Trivial, Shogun, Arabo,
Irldlus. Arcade, ¦; Stllicho, Dainty,- Nlgrette,
WhUky King Bummer John A- Scott. , Padua.
Ishtar. Conger, Rose o'f May Futurita, . Beau
Ormonde, Ahumada Albula, Joe John. Stuyve.
Harry Beck. Magrane, Honiton Laura F M,
Bill Massie. Muresca Tom Maybin. Ethel Ab
bott. Fiorina Belle, The Don. Prlncees Tltanla,
E. M. Brlttaln Cunard Bt Tu Brute, Narra
G, ; Colonel Van. Rom&lne, Royal Rogue, Dr.
Boyle, Don Domo, ' Egyptian Princess. • Fossil.'
Oronte.. Dick, Turpln. Hugh McGowan, 'Ben
MacDhui. Abydos, Clausus. Introductor. Olym
pian. Evherln Avenger, Schwalbe, Gehelmness,
Testimony, Blumenthal Otto Stlfel. Crimean,
Dusty Miller, F. E. Shaw. The Fog.-T. J.'
Cox Mansard. Peter J. Joella; Creole Jim.
.Waterspout. Silent Water. Andrew B. Cook,
Kenilworth. lllowaho. 8ldney. C. - Love, Vena
tor. Incubator. Mocorlto, Lady , Kent. ¦ Byron
Rose. Waswlft, Watercure. Eonlo, »Grall. - v. 1
Horatlus. Carat, Eda Rlley. Cunard, Colonel
Van. Royal Rogue, Dr. . Boyle. Fossil, Major
Tenny, Nones. Ben MacDhui, Olympian, Esh
erin. Avenger. 8chwalbe] Lacy Crawford, Cri
mean. Mansard, Kenllworth. lllowaho, The
Major. , Sidney C. Love/ Dr. Long. Incubator,
Solon. Byron Rose, His Eminence. Watercure,
Eonlc, Grail.
Pirst race — Satchel, JOaz Boa*, Tax
Man.
Second raoe— Sanotoiao, Jtiaare Denton,
Polles Bexfferes.
Third race— John Taxkes, Stsal Wntat,
Flora Bright.
ronrtn race— Carl ; Zah2«r, Conuoa-t*,
Orfeo.
Tilth race — Hayward Hunter, Sailor's
Dream, Curat.
Sixth race— Araclxae, XTanlafcks, Bad
Smtey.
Fourth race, three-quarters- of a mile— Carl
Kahler 107. Honeybrook 97, Orfeo 102 Rosa*
morel 102. Collonade 99. Geisha Girl 96. Cor*
ut-cato 102, Autumn Leaves 101, Onanetta 9T.
Red Raven 99. Bardolpb 106. Little Emmy 97.
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling—
Prism 96. Tom Hall 96. Faraday Jr. 96. Goo
Goo 88. Barney Burke 91. Dungannon 103.
Sa 'tor's Dream 93. Eda Rlley 102. Hay ward
Hunter 96. Melbourne Eclipse 99. Albert Vala
96, Curate 96, Pathos 96.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Quiz 104. Khaki 107. Bud Ernbry 104, LovabU
104 Dave Sommers 107. Mlsa Gollghtly lot.
Maulahka 99. Arachue 104. Grand Mary 94«
Amorous 99. The Boer 104.
XhA.TONXA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Third race, one mile, selling 1 — Christine A 99
Barney Dreyfus 80. Kllmorte 104. Ethel Wheafc
104, Overhand 82. Joe Ross 90, Flora Bright
04. Love's Labor 97. Banwell 80. Moor 92.
Mint Bed 104. John Terkes 104. Ruth Par-*
rlah 80.
Second race, five and a half furlonjrs — Judg*
Denton 100, Athena 106 Envorite 103. Trova
tore 106. Morning Star 103. Folles Bergeres 110l
Oudon 106. Ben Adklns 110; Silk Maid 103,
Dunmcre 100, Armorer 103 Sanetomo 113 Rian
109.
LATONIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 0.— Latonla entries:
First race. «lx and a half furlongs— Harlem
Lane 106. King Ro«« 104. Barbara Freltchla
104. Pomplno 104, The Meteor 104. Angea. W.
Dutch Comedian 107. Satchel 104. Eva's Darl
ing 109. Lola L 96. Premus 104 Taxman 107.
The Caxton 101. Easy Trade 94. «
The Thanksgiving handicap, $2000 added, a
handicap for S-ycar-oIds and upward at time
of closing, to be run Thursday, November 26,
The Opening handicap, $2000 added, a handi
cap for u-year-olds and upward at time of
closing, one mile — Jack de Mund, Marlln Hor
ton. Huntresea, Alfredo, Corrlgan, Evea G,
Bragg. Claude. Col. Roosevelt, Meehanus, Or-
Bina. Dlvina. Jockey Club. Gorgalette, Daisy
Green, Hagerdon, Yellow Tal), Plrateer, Mar
tinmas. Lucien Appleby, Faulconbridge, Ar
cade, Arabo. Dainty. NUrrette, Ishtar. Constel
lator, Ultruda, Futurlta, Beau Ormonde, Al
bula, BUI Massie, Horatlus, Princess Tltanla,
Grand Sachem, Col. Van, Royal Rogue, Flujh
of Gold. The Fretter. Dotterel, Fossil, Major
Tenny. Ben MacDhui, Schwalbe, Lacy Craw
ford, Mansard. Kitty Kelly, Kenllworth Car
son Beauty. Incubator, Solon. Warte Nicht,
Byron Rose. Eonlc. Watercure, Grail.
The stake entries of the New California
Jockey Club for the winter race meeting
which commences next Saturday were
announced yesterday. The significant
feature of the long list is that 400 more
entries and those of better class have
been received than were recorded last
year. For the $10,000 Burns handicap,
which will be run on February 6, there
are 134 entries. The Adam Andrew Sell-
Ing stakes attracted US entries. There
are forty-three entries for the Thornton
stakes at four miles. The complete list
follows:
Attract Four Hundred More
Horsrs Than Last Year.
LIBERAL ENTBY FOB STAKES.
New California Jockey Club Events
The ( New Year handicap, $2000 added, a han
dicap'for two-year-olds and upward at 'time
of closing.- to be run Friday, January. 1,
1904.- one and an filirhth' miles — Diderot. ? .Tar
rietlcre d'Or. Atlantico. Felipe , Lugo. . El Ber
nardo,; Joe Lesser. - Jack <1e Jlnnd. Lord Mel
bourne. Horton. Grafter, Dr. Rowell*. Alfredo,
The Giver, . Argregor. ., Huntress*.; .Rockaway,
Toledo. ' Corrliran.' ¦• Hermencia Rosarle ¦ Caro
nal. Evea G. Bragg, Claude. Play Ball, Weath:
er * Gauce. . Epicure,.' O'Hn gen,' Dlvlna,' -Estoy
Llsto, Barklyite. Jockey, Club. Hln«dalc. ; Dalny
Green.'. Modicum."^ AnQlnas.*^ Frank Woods • Yel
low .Tall. Ebony, Presidio, Emfihee. Plrateer,
Marchmont. Luden Appleby. Caliban,"Faulcon
bridge. Colonel Bogey. Arabo, Dainty, Nlgrette,
Arcadft/ : Troper. -Leader, f. Shogun, <Whieky
King," For«et .. King." Padua," ; Ishtar. < Oarsnmn;
Futurlta,: Beau Ormonde/ Rose of . May j- Albula,
Allopatn. " Ink, Thane, Harry .Beck. 1 ; Honltoa,
The Christmas handicap, $3000 added; a
handicap for three- year-olds ¦ and . upward at
time of closing; to be run . Friday, December
25, 1903; one and a quarter miles — Diderot,
Jarretiere d'Or,' Americano," Joe Lesser, Jack
de Mund. Lord Melbourne,' Grafter. -Alfredo,
The Giver, Argregor, ; Huntressa, Corrlgan.
Evea G. Rosarle. Caronal, '¦ Claude, Benson
Caldwell. Epicure, Dlvlna. Estoy Llsto,-Bark
lyite, Jockey Club, Daisy Green, Modicum,
Yellow Tall, Plrateer, Emshee. Lucien Appleby,
Caliban, Faulconbridge, Proper, Leader, Arabo.
Nigrette, Dainty. Arcade. Forest King, Ishtar,
Oarsman, Futurlta, Albula, Allopath, - Ink,
Thane. Harry Beck, Honiton, Horatlns. • Eda
Rlley, 1 Oriana, Cunrus, Dodle 8, Colonel Van;
Rnyal Rogue. Our Bessie. Fossil.- Major .Tenny.
None*, Ben MacDhui, Eeherln, : Lacy Crawford,
Buccleuth, Mansard, . Diamante, Kenilworth,
Illrrwaho, The Major. Sidney C.V Love. - Carson
Beaut r. Incubator. Veterano. • Oro Viva. Solon;
His Eminence, .Watercure,. Eonlc, Grail. >' ¦
The Crocker selling stakes. $2000 added, for
three-year-olds and upward at time of closing;
to be run Saturday, December. 12,; 1003; seven
furlongs — Diderot, Jarretiere d'Or, Marlln, Lord
Melbourne, Horton, MacGyle, - Huntressa, San
Nicolas, Corrlgan, Lecturer, Parting Jennie,
Evea G, Montana Peeress, Byronerdale, Saintly,
Colonel Roosevelt. | Step Around, Meehanus,
O'Hagen. Glennevis, Dlvlna, EBtoy Llsto, Bes
sie Wllny, Barklyite. -Bucolic, Jockey Club,
Daisy Green, Bronze Wing, Hagerdon, Nonle,
Aunt Polly. Little Sister, Martinmas, Plrateer,
Emshee, Lucien Appleby, Captivate, El' Plloto,.
Fauleonbridge, Mexlcanna, . H. P. , Cane, . Border
Mark, Gondolus, Arcade, Irldlus, Arabo, Nlg
rette, Dainty, Stllicho, Bummer, John -A. 8cott,
MJsty's Pride, Rose of May, Oscar Tolle, Fu
turlta, Stuyve, Heather Honey, Thane, Harry
Beck, Ed Lllburn, Bill Massie, Louis Wagner,'
Theron, Socialist, Dolly Wayman, Muresca,
Tom Maybln, Princess Tltanla. E.' M. Brattaln.
C. B. Campbell. Dodle 8, Colonel Van. Ro
malne. Bay Wonder, The Fretter. Dotterel,
Fossil, Oroslus, Sam Fullen, Oronte, Fort
Wayne, Quiet. Ben MacDhui, - Clausus, Intro
ductor, Flyer, Esherin, Schwalbe, Crimean,
Buccleuth, The Fog, .. St. Wlnlfrlde, Mansard,
lllowaho, The'MaJor, Halnault, Venatcr, Warte
Nicht, Byron Rose, . Watercure, Eonlo, Grail.
Tower of Candles. .• . . ..-..; .'
one and an eighth miles — Diderot, Jarretiere
d'Or. -Lord Melbourne, Alfredo, The Giver,
Huntressa, Corrlgan, Hermencia, Rosane,
Caropal, Evea G, Claude, Epicure, Dlvlna,
Barklyite. Jockey Club, Daisy Green, Yellow
Tail. Plrateer. Emshee, Lucien Appleby. Faul
conbrldge. Nigrette. Dainty, Arcade, Arabo,
Leader, Proper, Forest King, Ishtar, Ultruda,
Futurlta, Beau Ormonde, Albula, Allopath,
Ink, Harry Beck, Honiton, HOratius, Carat.
Cursus, Royal Rogue, Our Bessie. Fossil. Major
Tenny, Ben MacDhui. Schwalbe. Lacy Craw
ford. Buccleuth. Mansard. Diamante,- . Kenll
worth. Incubator, Oro Viva, Solon, Byron Rose,
Eonlc, Watercure. Grail. ' ¦
night, under the direction of the
San Francisco Athletic Club. The bat
tle was to have been fought last month,
but owing to an injury suffered by Britt,
the tight was postponed until to-night.
Brltt has entirely recovered the use of his
.ankle and is In splendid condition. - The
sale of seats for the "go" has been very
large and it Is expected that fully five
thousand ring-goers will crowd the Pa
vilion. .
Britt has his work cut out for him. Sei
ger is known as the "Iron man." He not
only is capable of withstanding great
punishment, but knows how to inflict It.
JIMMY BRITT, the local lightweight
boxer, and Charley Seiger of
Brooklyn will contest twenty
rounds in Mechanics' Pavilion to-
It will be a fight between two well-trained
men who are at the top of their class.
Seiger has two draws with Joe Gans and
a victory over -Willie Fitzgerald to his
credit. He Is trained to the hour and is
down to weight.
The betting on the contest is 10 to 6,
with Brltt the favorite. Both men will be
heavily backed. The Olympic Club con
tingent will turn out in large numbers
and cheer Jimmy and also wager their
money on him. Seiger has made a good
impression on the local ring-goers. He Is
fast and aggressive. Seiger has Informed
his friends that he will go right at Britt
and will not give him a .minute's rest.
Britt has heard of the plan and it pleases
him greatly. He eays he likes to have a
roan come right at him, as it gives him a
chance. to land some of his pet hooks.
Eddie Graney will referee the contest.
He was chosen some weeks ago and his
selection meets with the approval of all
,;The Burns handicap, $10,000 added, a handi
cap for 2-year-olds and upward at time
of closing, to- be run Saturday, Feb
ruary ... 6, -.- 1904, one, and- a quarter
miles — Captain Forsee, Diderot, Jarretiere
d'Or. -Americano. Banquero,. FilIpe~Lugo, El
Bernado, Joe Lesser, Jack de Mund, Lord Mel
bourne. Wyoming.: Horton, Grafter, Aeneas
Sldonla, Alfredo. The Giver. Argregor. Huntres
sa, Rockaway. Corrlgan, Toledo. Rosarle Car
onal, EveafG, Claude,. Play Ball. Duke of
Richmond, Weather Gauge, Sailor Knot, Benson
Caldwell/ Epicure, Boutonnlere. Dlvlna Estoy
Lif to, .Whoa. •> Bill, - The Bugaboo, Bearcatcher
Lord Wadsworth, Barklyite, Jockey Club, Gen
eral Roberts, • Hinsdaie, Col. Anderson. Gorgal
ctte, - Daisy Green, Modicum,' Do Pont Frank
Woods,'- Yellow Tall, Ebony, Presidio, Plrateer
Emshee.-; Lucien ; Appleby, ~ Caliban, » Faulcon
brldge, Maxetta. . Tocelaw, Sacredus, , Dainty,
Arabo, Arcade, Proper, Leader, Nlgrette, Shot
gun. Whisky ; King, John A. Scott Forest
King. : Ishtar.* Padua. •: Oarsman, ' Frank Regan
Elmer L. Futurlta.: Beau Ormonde. Ahumada.
Albula, Allopath,. Ink.; Heather Honey, : Thane
Harry Beck. } Honiton, . Horatlus, Carat, ¦ Oriana
CureuK. > : Cunard.- Sleeping, Child. Narra : G Col'
Van, 8 Royal Rogue; Dr. ; Boyle, Our Bessie, Dot
terel, ' Egyptian Princess. ". Fossil, < Major Tenny
Flourish. (Hugh :; McGowan. ; Nones. ; Ben • m^-
The California Oaks, $2000 added, for 3-year
old flllles of 1904 (now 2-year old), to be run
Saturday, January 30, 1904, one and an eighth
miles — Libble Candid. Belledama. Strife, Miss
May Bowdish. Ledatrix. PenthesUta, Mtropette
Red Cross Nurse. Rowena, Thank Heaven Sili
cate, Nora. Moalta, Technique, Anirad, Durbar,
Malwells. Serenity. Columbia Girl. Du Barry.
Sembrlch, Miss Betty. Miss Ringlets. Gott
Lieben. B Ruvia. • Dentelle • d'Or. - Mary Thomas
Maxetta, Trivial, Maxtress, Oro Rose Gar
talre, T Dungannon, Ethel Abbott, Florlana Belle
Queen Fay. Morella R,- Ca» and Gown. Wis
taria. Testimony, Semolina, Dorlce, Wlnefreda
Rose • Farr. Silent Water. Pachuca, Mendota
Boca. -:¦.** , . .
The LlRsak handicap, $2000 added, a handi
cap for two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing, to be run Saturday, January 23, 1904,
mile — Captain Forsee, Diderot, Jarretiere d'Or,
Americano. Felipe Lugo, Toto Gratlot. Joe
Lesser, Jack de Mund, Lord Melbourne, Marlln.
Grafter, Dr. Rowell, Aeneas. Sidonia. In
structor. Alfredo, The Giver, Arsregor, George
Berry, Huntresaa. Rockaway, Toledo. Corri-
Kan, Bob Palmer, Evea G, Anirad. Claude.
Weather Gauge, Play Ball, Epicure, Meehanus.
O Hagen. Dlvlna, Estoy Llsto, .Whoa BUI,
The Bugaboo. Bearcatcher, Military Man, Lord
Wadsworth, St. George Jr.. Barklyite. Jockey
Club, Baflled. Lansdown, Daisy Green,- Andl
nas. Modicum, Nonie, Yellow Tail, Ebony Pre
eldlo, Emshee. •: Plrateer, Martinmas, Long
Shot, Alta G, Lucien Appleby, Caliban, Keogh,
Faulconbrldge, Colonel Bogey, Mexicanna.-Imp.
Bordermark, Gondolus, Shotgun. Nlgrette,
Dainty, Arabo. - Prooer, 'Leader. Sacredus
Tocalaw, Whisky King, John .V- Scott, Forest
King, Padua. klshtar, Oarsman, Ultruda, Cas
tlne, Futurlta, Beau Ormonde, Hlpponax, Al
bula. Allopath, Ink, ,8tuyve, Harry Beck, Ma- 1
Krane, ¦ Honiton. Horatlus, ; Ethel Abbott, The
Don, Florlanna Belle, Tom Maybln,' Princess
Tltanla, Cunard. - Guerrero, Narra G. Colonel
Van, Roval Rosrue, Dr. Boyle, Don Domo,
Egypt la n Princess, The Fretter, Dotterel, Fos
sil. Sam ; , Fullen, Oronte, Nevermore, Hugh
McGowan. Ben MacDhui, Abydos, Olympian
Avenger, Esherin, Schwalbe, Lacy Crawford
Mlndora, Crimean, Otto Stlfel, Buccleuth,- F.
E. Shaw. The Fog. T.,J. Cox, Mansard, Peter
J.,- Waterspout. Creolo Jim,. Andrew B. ' Cook.
Kenllworth,. lllowaho. The Major, Sidney C.
Love, Kalos, Incubator, Solon, Mocorlto, Lady
Kent. Byron Rose, Waswlft. Watercure, Eonlc,
Grail. ' .' , .- -.
Warte Nicht, Byron Rose, Watercure, Eonlc,
Tower of Candles.
ring-goers. Britt and Seiger will weigh in
at Harry Corbett's at 6 o'clock to-night.
According to the articles, of agreement
they must weigh not more than 133
pounds.
The preliminary, battles will be well
worth seeing. Dave Barry, the Sixth
street champion, who is training George
Gardner for his battle with Fltzsimmons,
is to box ten rounds with Maxey Kane,
the champion of the Philippine Islands.
This ought to prove a good light, as both
men are aggressive. The ten-round con
test between' "Spider" Welch and Frank
Rafael should also be interesting. Both
men are well known "in pugilistic circles
arid are certain to put up a fast battle.
Rafael has been training 1 Jimmy Brltt
and is in splendid shape. He showed laat 1
monyi that he could go some, even when
out of condition. He is a stiff puncher
and ought to give the "Spider" an inter,
esting argument.
L.IGHTWEIGHTS WHO ARE SCHEDULED TO BOX TWENTY ROUNDS TO-NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB. THE LOCAL BOY IS THE FAVOR
ITE IN THE BETTING. WHICH IS 10 TO 6. ¦ - : . »
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Homestead, JSmerjreacj-,
Girdle.
Second race — Early Ere, O. Waittler,
Ethics.
Third rtce— -Emerjency, Wizard, M.
Theo.
Fourth race — Wild, Thyme, Stamping
Ground, Colonsay.
Tilth race— Silver Dream, Tol Saa,
Clear the Arena.
rilth race— Orantadale, Trepan, Sen
tinel. ¦ .1.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
Second race, mile and seventy yarrts — Pajet
02. Arden 102 Animosity 09 Gaviota 59 Ernest
Parham 107. Ethic* 10« Dark Planet 94 Ella
Enyder 08. Early Eve 10S. O. Whittler 105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs handi
cap-— Eelle of Bellemeade 105, Duncan 104.
Crown Prince 11.1. Sals 113. M Theo 111.
Emergency 113, Prince Salm Salm 110 Wiz
ard 12O. Ki?kayuma 108. Pol Roger 112 Os
trich 111. Ikkt 106. Reticent 107. Julia M 113,
Monet 115. Redman 100.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles —
Stamping Ground 111. Wild Thyme 113, Sheriff
Bell 106. Colonsay 08.
Fifth race, five and a half furlonjrs — Tol Saa
109. Esher Leaf 09. Belle of Wakefleld 99 Mi
mosa 109. Clear the Arena 99. Sliver Dream
104 Trossachs 00. Palette 104. Banderilia 83,
Missing Link DO.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards — Labor
107. Heir Apparent 107. Daughter of the Po«t
107. Sir Ship 110, Sentinel 107. Brigand 110.
Mart Mullen 110. Pass Book 107. Trepan 107.
Burning Glass 107. Drnna Forget 107 Grants
dale 107. Amlnte 107. William Pigeon 110 Lov#
Note 107. Nulf Blanche 107.
NETV TOR& Nov. 9. — Jamaica entries:
First race. three-Quarters of a mile handi
cap—Miladl Love 120. Athlana 13*. Neither
One 123. Girdle 133. The Guardsman 128 Ths
Captain 121. G. Whittler 128. Emergency 113.
Ostrich 113. Homestead 120. Allan 12tt. Genesee
li:;. San Rtmo 113.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
To-days, to-morrow's and Wednesday's j
practices will be behind the closed gates i
at the varsity oval and the coaches in
three days of secret work will try to in
still into the big eleven sufficient of the
fine points of the game to make them a
formidable aggregation. Signal practice,
rather than scrimmage, is what the big
fellows nted and that is what the coaches
are giving them. Saturday's game with
Multnomah wm a grilling contest and
several of the players are slightly the
wori>e for it. A few of the varsity men
peemed to be trained a little too fine and
it is feared that they may break over
and go stale before the big game. How
ever, every precaution will be taken to
prevent this and Trainer Moulton will en
deavor to have the men in the rink of
condition when they appear on Richmond
Field' en Saturday.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 9.-
The momentary thrill of hope and confi
dence that struck through the rooters on
the bieachers at the Varslty-Multnomah
game Saturday, when it was announced
that Nevada had defeated California, dleu
away yesterday when the etory of the
Berkeley game was read in the morning
papers and it was learned that California
had fairly outclassed the Sagebrush team
In every part of the game except trickery.
The Nevada eleven proved itself almost
the equal of the cardinal team In its
game here three weeks ago. and since the
former is supposed to have improved
greatly after its contest with the Stan
ford team, the contrast In the real ability
of the two elevens in the Berkeley game
is not particularly encouraging to the
Stanford rooters.
STANFORD IS DOWNCAST
Fails to Find Hope in Defeat of
Berkeley by Nevada.
Hsrry Hudson, v.ho limped off the field
with an injured log three weeks ago, was
on the field in his football suit for the
first time Fince the injury. He did not
mix in the playing against the second
e:even, but will probably go back to his
old place at right end to-morrow.
Secret practice was resumed at the
oval this afternoon. The players, stung
a Mttlo by Saturday's defeat and realiz
ing that they must "get together," ran
around and tackled with a snap and vim
that was good to see. Whipple and Mini
were tried out for backs most of the
time, and the chances are that they will
go into the game first next Saturday.
Korse played fullback and More at quar
ter, the rest of the line being the same
as bsu£L
&o. taking out all the bad luck, as the
varsity team calls it, and putting in a
littio of the good end mixing it with im
proved playinp. the critics of the Berke
ley campus feel that the chances for vlc
tcry are with California and that the
Starford rooster will be flopping around
with his head off next Saturday about 4
o'clock.
Five minutes after the play began Cali
fornia had Nevada on the one-yard line.
The bill would have benn shoved over the
line but for somebody mistaking the sig
nals. That would have been six points.
Nevada could not gain through Califor
nia's line. In fact, she only made her
ground once bf sides Steckle's long run.
That should have been enough to prevent
California trying for the field goal in
the first half and three others in the sec
ond half, because she could have made
her distance all along. This was demon
strated near the end of the second half
when California plowed great holes In the
Nevada line. The team w^uld have kept
it up and won but for int- penalties for
off-side play and Overall's wanting to try
fcr goal because he thought there was so
little time left.
On the offensive and defensive Califor
nia played all around Nevada, even
though the score does tell a different
story. She may not have had backs
in offeiirlve work equal to the rest of the
team, but the line was at Us best. And if
it should come about that California and
Nevada meet again— well, the Berkeley
team e^js the score "will be the other
way.
liEBKELKT, Nov. 9.— Instead of being
blue and disheartened over last Satur
day's defeat at the bands of the Nevada
University eleven, as most people think,
the students at the University of Califor
nia have more confidence In their tram to
win than they did before Saturday. The
leellng is prevalent that California
played a better game than Nevada did.
and got beaten because the wind of for
tune was blowing In the other direction.
Some cf this luck, they are willing to ad
mit, was nothing e!s« than stupid gencral
fhip at critical moments, which would not
r-apprn in a game where things were go-
Ing the laFt bit right. Here, they say,
are some of the reasons why California
wa* the- best of the team in the Satur
day game, all of which, of course, have a
beanr.g en next Saturday's game:
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Robin
Hood won. Rob Roy second. Belle of Portland,
third. Time. 1:21.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards — Mam!*
Worth won. Buttons second. Satire third.
Time. 1:41 3-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 0.— Latonla results:
First race, one mile — Circus Girl won, Blns
hello second, Chantrelle third. Time. 1:44.
Second race, live and a half furlongs^ — Proof
reader won. Commodore second. Harfang third.
Time. 1:09^.
Third race, one and a alxteenth miles— Daa
McKenna won, Thane second. Brief third.
Time. 1:48.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course—
Charawind won. Itacatiara second. Sea Pirate
third. Time. 3:03^;.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Morning Star won.
Anna Hastings second. Miss Mollle third.
Time. 1:15%.
Sixth race, one mile— Antolee v.'on. Flaneur
second. Adelante third. Time, 1:42. "
Fourth race, mile and a furlong. handicap-
River Pirate won. Trlbea Hill second Brigand
third. Time. 1:54.
Third race, the Greenpolnt stake. «bc fur
longs — Sweet Alice won Irene Lindsay second.
King Pepper third. Time 1:12 3-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Unmasked won. Lady Potentate second. All
Gold third. Time. 1:47.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Race
King won. Orrisjany second. Reliance third-
Time, 1:07 1-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— For the first time
in many davs the talent had much the
better of the argument with the layers
at Jamaica to-day. Four favorites won
and a majority of the second and third
horses were well supported.
Jockey Hlggins came tn for some warm
criticism after the running of the Green
Point stakes on the way he handled
Irene Lindsay. Smalhers was at the
track and backed his mare with a $10,000
commission. John A. Drake followed suit.
together with many other bis bettors.
Hlggins urged the Smathers mare from
the start, so that when Sweet Alice,
which received a well-Judged ride, over
hauled her at the last furlong, she had
nothing left and was beaten a nose la
1:12 3-5. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Gebhard handicap, (2000 added, for two
years olds (now yearlings), to be run Saturday,
April 2.. 1904, Futurity courae (170 feet less
than three-quarters of a mile) — Ten Oaks; E.
J. Baldwin, three unnamed; Salable. Calculate;
L. - A. Blaslngame, one unnamed, C. T. Boots,
three unnamed; Humo, Recreo, Lillian Ayres'
Storma. Sun Rose. Shiver. Prince Brutus; d'
Cameron, one unnamed; Ben Eric. Parachute-
A. T. Dobson, one unnamed; El Prlmero Stable
two unnamedp Figaro Stable, one unnamed-
Senator Poyntz; E. W. Fitzgerald, one un
named ; W. B. . Jennings, three unnamed • Ce
leres; C. C. McCafterty, one unnamed; Paula
F; Mrs. C. E. Miller, five unnamed; J. C Nea
lon, one unnamed; Corn Blossom. Golden Idol
Liberty Star; P. Ryan, one unnamed; Anausus*
Woodlands, Plnkerton, Speaker Fontana. In
spector Halptn, Henry Ach; B. Schreiber, three
unnamed; B. J. Smith, one unnamed* R. A
Smith, two unnamed; R. G. Smith, one un
named; Santarem, Saccharate, Morita. Arisbe-
H. Stover, one unnamed: Gill Sumrnen. two
unnamed; Only Jlmmle. Thompson's Falrr-
Caesar Young, one unnamed. •"*-
The Waterhouse cup, $3000 added, a handi
cap for two-year-olds and upward at time of
closing, to be run Saturday, March B. 1904.
two and a quarter miles — Joe Leaser Lord
Melbourne. Horton. Grafter. Aeneas, S"idonia,
The Giver. Argregor. Huntressa Blessed Dam
ozel. Caronal. The Way, Rio Shannon, Erne.
Claude. Duke of Richmond, Play Ball Star
Nova, Prestolus. Discus, Tommy Hill* Jack
Little. Past Master, Hinsdaie. Colonel Ander
son. Baffled. Daisy Green Modicum. Frank
Wood, Cambacerpfl, Royalty, Yellow Tall,
Myriad Dancer, Plrateer. Marchmont. Lucien
Appleby. Caliban. Faulconbrldge. Leader. Dain
ty. Proper. Nigrette. Elle, Heather Honey,
Thane. Outburst. Horatlus. Oriana Cursus.
Cunard. Colonel Van. Constable. lir. Boyle,
Our Bessie, The Fretter. Egyptian Princess.
Major Tenny. Flourish. Lincoln II. Nones,
Clausus. Tonopah, Lacy Crawford. Expedient,
Diamente. Slddons. Admetus. Carson Beauty,
Incubator, Veterano. - His Eminence, Irascible.
Watercure, Eonlc.
The Thornton stakes, $2500 added, for two
year-olds and upward at time of closing, to
b* run Saturday, March 19, 11)04. four miles —
Grafter. Aeneas. Huntreflsa. Caronal. Blessed
Damozel, The Way, Rio Shannon, Claude, Play
Ball, Sailor Knct, Star Nova, Benson Cald
well, Prestolus, Tommy Hill, Past Master.
Colonel , Anderson. Hlnndale. Baffled. Camba
ceres. Myriad Dancer. Pirateer. Marchmont.
Luclen Appleby, Caliban, Faulconbrldga, Elie,
Thane. Outburst. Horatlus, Orlana Cursus,
Cunard, Nones, Tonopah, Expedient. Diamente.
Slddons, Admetus, Incubator, Veterano, His
Eminence, Irascible, Watercure.
The Bell stakes, $2000 added, for two-year
olds (now yearlings), to be run Saturday,
March 12, 1004, five furlongs — E. J. Baldwin,
three unnamed; Auro. Edith Vice. Blanchi &.
Stemler, one unnamed: Salable. Calculate. L.
A. Blaslngame, one unnamed; C. T. Boots,
three unnamed; Hurao, Recreo, Lillian Ayres,
Stonna, Sun Rose, Shiver. Prince Brutus, D.
Cameron, one unnamed; W. II. Christie, one
unnamed; Parachute, Ben Erie, A. T. Dobaon,
one unnamed: First March. El Frlmero Stable.
two unnamed; Figaro Stable, one unnamed; W.
B. Jennings, five unnamed: J. Martin Sc. Co..
one unnamed; Pattle F, Mrs. C. E. Miller,
five unnamed; J. C. Nealon, one unnamed:
Corn Blossom. Golden Idol. Liberty Star. P.
Ryan, two unnamed: Ansusua, Woodlands,
Plnkerton, Speaker Fontana. Inspector Halpin,
Henry Ach, Tim Hurst, B. Schrelber. thre*
unnamed; W. B. Sink, one unnamed; E. J.
Smith, one unnamed: R. A. Smith, three un
named; Santarem, Saccharate. Morita, Arisbe,
A. B. 8Dreckels. one unnamed; H. Stover,
one unnamed; Gill Summers, three unnamed;
Only Jlmmle. Mies Tonopah, Caesar Toung.
one unnamed.
The California Derby, $2C00 aided. 3-year-olds
of 1004 (now 2-year-olda). to be run Monday,
February 22, 1904, one and a quarter miles- -
Sir Leonard. Captain Forsee, Libbie Candid. At
lantico, Banquero, El Brrnado. Potrero Grande,
Strife. Dr. Howell, Miss May Bowdlah, Charlie
Schweizer, Borghcsi, Anchlses, Ledatrix, Argre
shlre, Formaeter, Instructor, Gorltonlo, George
Berry. Rockaway, Toledo, Casclne. Silicate.
Chapel. Play Ball. Duke of Richmond. Weather
Gage, Judge. Wenrlck. Mendon. Louis Me.
Whoa Bill, The Bugaboo, Bearcatcher. Military
Man. St. George Jr.. Lord Wadaworth. Jack
Little, Mount Dlnblo. General Roberts. The
Cure, Salto, Inspector Mcnroe. Andlnas. Kbony,
Presidio, Keogh. Long Shot. Mike Jordan, Max
etta, Tocolaw, Sacredus. Oro Rose. Padua. EH?,
SaJlet, Magrane, Orchan, Dr. Blrdsall. Guer
rero. Young Pepper. Hugh McGowan, Hulford.
The Lieutenant, Abydos, Avenger, Ananias,
Otto Stlfel. Gene Handlan, Dargtn, Dusty Miller,
F. E. Shaw, T. J. Cox, Joella. Creole Jim. Wa
terspout, Strephon, Andrew B. Cook, Bombar
dier.
Dhul, Clauaus, Introductor, Olympian, Esherin,
Avenger. Lacy Crawford, Otto Stlfel, Crimean,
Gehelmness. Schwalbe. Mlndora, Mansard. Wa
terspout. Diamante, Kenllworth. lllowaho. The
Major. Sidney C. Love, Kaloe. Dr. Long. Car
son Beauty. Incubator. Oro Viva. Solon, Warte
Nicht, Waswlft. His Eminence, Watercure.
Eonlc, Grail.
The Palace Hotel Handicap, $2000 added, a
handicap for 2-year-olds and up at time of
closing, to be run Saturday. February 13, 1004.
one and an eighth miles — Diderot. Jarrltlere
d'Or. Banquero, Felipe Lugo. Minnie Arnett.
Joe Leaser, Jack Demund. Lord Melbourne. Hor
ton, Dr. Rowell, Grafter, Aeneas. Sldonla, Al
fredo, The Giver, Argregor, George Berry, Hun.
tresna, Corrlgan. Rockaway, Toledo, Evea G,
Claude, Play Hall, Weather Gauge. Duke of
Richmond, Epicure. O'Hagen. Dlvlna. Estoy
Li6to, Whoa Bill. The Bugaboo, Bearcatcher.
Military Man. Lord Wadsworth. St. George Jr..
Barklyite, Jockey Club. General Roberts, Daisy
Green. Modicum, Yellowtall. Ebony, Presidio,
Plrateer, Emshee. Marchmont, Longshot, Mike
Jordan. Luden Appleby. Caliban, Falconbrldgt,
Colonel Bogey, Mexlcanna. H. P. Cane, Maz
etta, Sacredu?, Tocolaw. Arabo. Nlgrette. Dain
ty, Proper, Leader, Arcade, Shot Gun. Whisky
King. Virginia Boy, Padua, Ishtnr. Oarsman.
Rose of May, Dungannon, Beau Ormonde, Fu
turita, Albula, Allopath. Ink, Volcano Dance,
Thane, Harry Beck, Honiton, Horatlus, Eda
Rlley, Orlana. Ethel Abbott. The Don, Cunard,
Colonel Van, Narra O, Royal Rogue, Dr. Boyle,
The Fretter, Dotterel. Egyptian Princess. Fcs
ell. Major Tenny. Oronte, Hush McGowa.i,
Nones, Ben MacDhui. Schwalbe, Crimean, Otto
Stlfel. Lacy Crawford, Buccleuth, Olympian."
Esherin, Avenger, Mansard, Peter J. Creole
Jim. Waterspout, Strephon; Kenilworth, Il!o
waho. The Major, Kalos, Incubator, Solon, By
ron Rwe, Watorcure. Eonlc Grail.
PRESCOTT, Ariz.. Nov. 9. — Bernard
Dolly and W. D. Berry, two young men
employed in the Kashrord-Burmister
Co.'b department store here, quarreled to
day over the time a certain grocery order
was taken.
Dolly called Berry a liar and was knock
ed down. Dolly then drew a revolver and
shot Berry three times. ii§Sv*£
Two bullets took effect in the arm and
the third was prevented from entering
the heart by the thick wad of rubber It
cut from the clothing. Dolly was arrested
and was released on bail. Berry may re
cover.
Special Dlepatch to The Call,
It is now said that little doubt exists
but that The Fiddler, which won at Mor
ris Park some weeks ago, and over whose
victory a big clean-up was made in the
pool rooms, was a "ringer. As a prepara
tion for the race, the horse is said to
have worked a mile down at Brighton
Beach in 1:41; the first three-quarters in
1:13*4. The original The Fiddler couldn't
work Eix furlongs In 1:1314 down the side
of Mount Tamalpais with roller skates on
and a storage battery, McNamara might
do It. The latter horse is now on a trip
around the world and may winter In Cal
ifornia, or possibly Nevada, as he did last
season.
Bob Smith, who handled Articulate
throughout his Eastern campaign, is back
In California again. Bob's horses have
been here for more than a fortnight.
Another carloaa of horses from St.
L<ouis got in at Oakland yesterday.
Among them were The Buffoon, Lou
Clieveden and Conlan, owned by «T M.
McDowell, and Virgie d'Or and Dan
Giovler, the property of W. W. Becker.
Glennevis and two or three others owned
by W. Durker were passengers In the
same car.
Sam Morton, owner of Dodle S, C. B.
Campbell and several other useful horses,
brought out the promising lightweight
rider. H. Booker.
There s:re material increases in the long
distance events, such as the Waterhouse
cup and the Thornton stake.
The f ntries represent some of the high
est class horses in all sections of the
country and fine fields should contend for
the rich stakes.
The following comparison will show the
increase in entries for the principal
stakes this season over the season of 1902:
1002. 1000.
Adam Andrew sellinc ptakes 1153 1-48
Kollansbee handicap ...'. 112, 147
Lispak handicap 9S 144
Burns handicap 85 134
Palace Hotel stakes 71 123
Crocker selllrur Hakes 94 1 03
New Year handicap . '. 63 OS
Waterhou«e cup 36 74
Trtcrnton stakes 24 43
California Oaks 31 00
Jockey Haack; a very clever light
weight, formerly with the Goughacres
stable, arrived yesterday. After leaving
the New York tracks Haack rode with
marked success on the Canadian circuit.
Walter Jennings has secured the ser
vices of Jack Martin, one of the stars of
the metropolitan tracks. Jack was out
this way a few seasons ago with the sta
ble of Alex Shields, when he was consid
ered an infant prodigy.
Charles Boots states that Tiny Williams
will probably do the riding for the firm
of Boots & Hollenheck. "Teen" is an old
timer, but can still do about 106 pounds
in the paddle. .
For the $10,000 Burns handicap 134 nomi
nations were made, while last season
93 horses 1 were named.
The Kollansbee handicap is a close sec
ond. With 117, against 112 for last season.
Third on the list comes the JLissak han.
dicap, the total being 144. Last season it
was 98. , _y
The entries for the stakes of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club were announced yes
terday and show a material Increase in
numbers, there being: 400 more than for
any previous season in the history of rac
ing on the coast. Another illustration of
the interest taken in the. sport is that
fuUy 25 per cent more owners have made
nominations than ever before.
The event that received ' the most en
tries is the Adam Andrew selling stake.
It has a total of 14S, while Jast year 123
were named.
Variity Flaying With Snap
and Ready for the
Contest.
Jockey Haack, Clever Eastern
Rider, Is Hare— More
Stables Arrive.
Employ :-s of a Prescott Store
Ergage in Serious
Trouble. ;Zy ,
Pour Favorites Connect With
Brackets at Jamaica
Track.
Not Disheartened Over
Last Saturday's
Defeat.
Rich Events of California
Jockey Club Pill
Heavily. ,
Smathers >and Drake
- Lose Heavily on
the Mare.
Arizona Man Shoots
After Being Knocked
Down.
Lightweights to Contest Twenty Rounds in Mechanics' Pavilion
To-Night Under Auspices of the San Francisco Athletic Club.
Local Boxer Is a IO to 6 Favorite in the City Poolrooms
BERKELEY TEAM
STILL CONFIDENT
STAKE ENTRIES
SHOW BIG GAIN
BULLETS FOLLOW
THE ACCUSATION
IRENE LINDSAY
BADLY RIDDEN
BRITT AND SEIGER AWAITING
CLANG OF THE BATTLE GONG
THE SAK HKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NPYEMBER 10, 1903
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©aNeEReus Ulcers
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD,
i; # After the age of 45 or 50, when the vital powers are naturally weaker,
it is noticed that a hurt of any kind heals slowly and often a very insignifi-
cant scratch or bruise "
becomes a had nlrer nr , sma11 . pimple oame on my jaw, but gave me no
Decomes a Daa Ulcer or pain or inconvenle nee, and I should have for^ot-
SOre. At this time of *•» »5 out il had ifc aot D«»^n to inflame and itch ; it
life - wartv growth*: ?° • d iJ?i? ed a Uttle.-then scab over, but would not
nie warty growxns, heal . Thla continued tor some time then the Cancer
moles and pimples that beean to eat and spread, until it was as large as a
have been on thebodv h «*,<*o" J ,ar 1 when I heard of S. S. 8. and determined
*wvc uecn oa toe uouy give it a fair trial, and it is rexnarkabl© what a
almost from birth begin wonderful effect it had from the beginning; the sore
and before very long stilLno signs of the Cancer, and my general health
are large eating ulcers. coatlail e8 good. Mrs. B. SHIBEB, Wyaconda, Mo.
a sore or ulcer is slow in healing then you may be sure
something is radically wrong with your blood. Some old taint or poison
that has been slumbering there for years, is beginning to assert itself,
and breaks out and becomes a bad ulcer and perhaps the beginning of
Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and while washes, soaps,
salves, etc., keep the surface clean, they are not healing. A blood
¦¦^T^S y^2>^*2^: medicine to purify and strengthen the polluted blood
f€^l X^^7 i V^fc? ? nt * a ton * c to t> u^d up the general system is what
J!*^V is needed, and S. S. S. is just such a remedy. No
Q*J,/ poison is so powerful and no germ so deadly
]¦,¦ V^^' that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot reach
it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative prop-
erties. If you have an old sore or ulcer, write usall about it, andmedi-
c^^dy 106 -° r . any information you may desire will be given by our physi-
cians without charge. fHE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAb
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
>9oeee9O9eeooeftoe0ooe0e9«69OQ6to*ee*9eeeeee<
! I TOOK HIM FROM
I THE HOSPITAL
! /f^tjRiV Yesterday a man came to me and be-
* 4§r^^» came my patient upon the recommenda-
> B tion of a patient- whom I cured four
Jo "SB'S* years apo. The man who sent him to
* vk'T.* l *~y me had been in the hospital, under treat-
| G<**^r tnent for stomach trouble and rheuma-
I /^r^F tism. and failing, to get relief there had
1 come to mo, and I cured him. That
[ *fTf?!V» XiTT^L, ls * our years ago. and he is still shout-
[ /»g5«3g.&jE»E§g3*|k ing- for me and Bendinjr other sufferers
Jl?&fti»l«5i "* EmSS^ tn be cur<>d as he was - Here is the testi-
t jjtfflffiEH^ monlal he gave mo two years ago:
t RHEUMATISM AND STOMACH
I not lmarlr.e the t<lege of suffering 1 passed
' PS S?y#y;«iAmTOSny^ throuph from stomach trouble and rheumatism.
* waMBiBBHHBMEI*JSEl>i 1 w ** "ubj^ted to nevore druR treatment,
> BJSjrralnJfrffiJPBvSyN stomach pump treatment and diet treatment,
} IC^afiEMTWflLStn2?3 without the least relief. I grew disgusted with
t ¥-' lI»BP'*$5SrxK' ! "-ii"4 them all. and as a last resort trl»d your B*lt
[ {f BmHpMmIJB'iBISW two )' ear * &£o. In three days I rculd fling
' atway my cane, and in three months was a new
' KSrSlL?»fi»f^S!BSMl rnan> entire '>' cured, and felt better than I had
I f5rMn$iHIEutPra4* fcr 3" f *rs. Frveral of my friends have since
I TrofiBtWliflinMn tlMJ/I purchased your I!»!ts. I would not part,, with
» C^^K-'f^^-vSaivSa ™ lne ior * lco ° lf * could not ret another.
I It Is a big relief to find a remedy for stomach trouble that does not
1 have to be swallowed. You wear ray Belt while you sleep, and it is pour-
t lnjf new vitality into your stomach every minute during the night, and
> you notice the new strength when you wake in the morning. Every day
>, you see Improvement. Your general health gets better, and in a lew
I months you are strong and well.
. It you are sufforin? come and see me or write to me and I -will tell
, you honestly whether I can help you or. not. I can't cure everybody; but I-
' can cure where drugs fail and might be able to cure you. . Try me.
.Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, ,i£sfe ¦'
I Hour* — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sunday?, 10 to L . .Securing Jury for Nihill's Trial.
The case of Michael Nlhlll, charged with
the murder of Mrs. Benefrieda Baker In a
saloon at Howard and Russ streets on
April 21, came up for trial In Judge Cook's
court yesterday. The panel was ex
hausted before the jury was secured and
a continuance was ordered till this morn-
Ing. It Is expected that the defense will
put forward a plea of Insanity.
Harding Put Under Bonds.
Charles M. Harding, collection agent,
who was arrested on complaint of Ru
dolph Schultz, 238 Kearny street, on a
charge of threats to kill, was put under
bonds of $3000 by Judge Conlan yesterday
to keep the peace. There is a similar
charge pending against him on complaint
of Jules Gamage, collection agent.
Some of the counties did not report the
list of exhibits they have collected for the
world show or mention the amount of
space they deemed would be required to
install them properly. Some counties re
sorted to the Yankee method of answer
ing the leading question that was sent to
them by the Commissioners' by asking
others. For instance, some asked about
the amount of space that would be given
to Los Angeles or Alameda or some other
county that is expected to show up well.
This situation left the Commissioners
just where they were before, bo far as al
lotting the space to the counties was con
cerned. One county demanded 2000 square
feet of space. Others had large ideas.
The Commissioners thought and thought.
Finally they determined to send to every
county that has indicated an intention to
show In the collective California exhibit
in the Agriculture building a letter call-
Ing for both the plans of Installation and
also the lists of exhibits that have been
prepared. Commissioners Filcher and
Wiggins have both had wide experience
in the installation of exhibits at world's
fairs. When they see the installation
plans that have been devised by the re
spectlve'countles* they will at once be able
to judge, considering at the same time
the array of separate «ounty exhibits,
Just what space ought to be allotted to
each county.
Little has been said about the matter,'
but the fact is that the space that Cali
fornia is to have in the Agriculture build
ing is not finally determined. The amount
is fixed quite definitely, but there are
other questions concerning it. Although
the St. Louis buildings collectively em
brace a greater area than those erected
for any other exposition, they will be
crowded, and the management of the ex.
position, finding the demands upon their
room greater than at first appeared to.be
probable are turning, every way to fee
what can be done.
Counties of California that are intend
ing to make their resources known
through the medium of the St. Louis Ex
position .are now jockeying for space.
Two California Commissioners and one
secretary to St. Louis have corrugated
foreheads and the look of care unmistak
ably shades their eyes. Two or three
weeks ago it was supposed that by this
time the exhibiting counties of California
would have sent In to the Commissioners
an exact account of the space that they
would severally require In the collective
Collfornla exhibit to be made in the agri
cultural building. Last week Commis
sioner Wiggins came up from Los An
geles to consider such returns, In com
pany with Commissioner Filcher and Sec
retary Willis. The trio had a surprise
which has necessitated a new course of
action.
Commission Votes to Send
Out Letter to Get Needed
Facts.
Space at St. Louis Is
Subject for Keen
Contention.
COUNTIES SPAR
FOR SHOW ROOM
F. M. Ballard, son of a. wealthy capi
talist, and his frlenu, who gave the name
of John Johnson, appeared before Police
Judge Mogan yesterday "on charges '- of
driving away with a horse and wagon
without the consent of the owner and
cruelty to animals. The rig belonged to
Ed McLaughlln, hack owner. The defend
ants denied that they were drunk and
the Judge remarked that If they ' were
sober the offense was all the more ob
jectionable. The Judge said he would ren
der his decision to-day.- — ' * ¦
Will Pay Dearly for Fun.
Mrs. Mamie Johnston, 42 West Mission
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
Mrs. "Jane Doe" Pussle, 135 Henry street,
on : a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. Mrs. Johnston says she called
upon Mrs.- Pussle on October 15 and Mrs.
Pussle, without any provocation, attacked
her with ' a large butcher knife, slashing
her on the head* and right-hand. Mrs.
Pussie's friend3 promised to pay the doc
tor's fees If Mrs. Johnston «, would not
have her arrested, but they had refused
to do so, hence the warrant.' ¦ '•
Woman Slashes a Woman.
Captain Hardwlck of the steamer Alli
ance and several of his crew were elos
eted yesterday afternoon- with United
States District Attorney Woodworth tell
ing what they knew concerning an at
tack committed upon - a woman re
siding in Oregon while she was a pas
senger on the steamer about a week ago.
The identity of the culprit, supposed to
be one' of the ship's employes, Is un
known. It is expected thai a warrant
will be Issued to-day. A man named
Loss was taken to the City Prison by
United States Marshal Shine last even-
Ing, to bo detained as a witness.
Attack on the Alliance.
John Grady, who is employed in a pool
room at Sausalito, engaged In a fight
early "yesterday morning; In J. P. Glynn's
saloon, Fourth and Mission streets, with
an unknown man and drew a knife. Da
vid Lasar, the bartender, interfered and
Grady. slashed, him on the nose with the
knife. • Gratfy was arrested on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon, and a
charge of vagrancy was also booked
against him. When Grady appeared , be
fore Polled Judge Mogan yesterday Lasar
refused ! to prosecute him and the charge
of assault with a deadly-weapon was dis
missed. The vagrancy case was continued
for a week. •
Slashes Bartender's Nose.
Mies Mary Williams secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Miss Mamie Duffy on a
charge of petty larceny. Miss Williams
lives at 721 Clayton street and Miss Duffy
Is employed by the New York Cloak and
Suit Company and lives at 722 Hal^ht
street. , . '' ':r^.i:. : ' m '.-.- ., .
Miss "Williams alleges that on last
Thursday evening she was on a Halgh't
atreet car on her way home and as the
car was crowded she left her satchel in
side and stood on the rear, platform.
When she reached her destination she
discovered that her satchel was missing
and a gentleman told her that a young
lady who had left the car at Pierce street
had taken It-
Miss Williams advertised, offering a re
ward for the return of the satchel, and
Miss Duffy replied. Miss Williams called
upon Miss Duffy, who' refused to give up
the satchel unless paid the reward, which
Miss Williams declined , to /pay. . holding
that Miss Duffy had no right to take 'the
satchel, as it did not belong to her. Miss
Duffy said she was with her father,
who had arrived from . Fresno, and • she
thought the satchel belonged to him. She
eaid she had good backing and could not
be "bluffed."
rant for the Arrest of Miss
Mamie Duffy.
Miss Mary Williams Secures War-
TAKES SATCHEL; FROM CAR
AND DEMANDS A REWARD
Archie Beveridge, a printer, pleaded
guilty In Judce Lawlor's court yester
day to a charge of forgery and the case
wu continued till Saturday to enible _im
to produce witnesses as to character.
Beveridge was without funds and forged
the name of August Blumberg, foreman
in the printing department of Sanborn,
Vail & Co., to an application for a loan
cf J1W.
Pleads Guilty to Forgery.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
also granted to Dora Nelson from Nels
Nelson for desertion, Maybelle E. Girard
from W. L. Girard for neglect, ¦ Grace
Hagerty from "John F. Hagerty for de
sertion, Anna Pettit from Ross F. Pet
tit for neglect and Hattie McCormick
from James McCormick for desertion.
An Interlocutory decree of divorce was
granted yesterday by Judge Graham to
Mary E. Richardson from Frank J.
Richardson, a lawyer's clerk. The decree
was granted on the ground of cruelty,
the evidence showing that Richardson
had attempted to choke his wife last
April, two months after she became his
wife. She said yesterday that he had
represented to her that he was an attor
ney with an income of $100 a month and
that when she learned that he was only
a clerk In a law office and remonstrated
with him for deceiving her, he treated her
brutally.
Mary E. Richardson Finds Husband
Is Clerk Instead of Lawyer
and Gets Divorce.
DISPLAYS ANGER WHEN
DECEIT IS DISCOVERED
James O'Ncll, the ex-convict who was
arrested on Friday night on suspicion of
being a porch climbing burglar, was book
ed at the City Prison yesterday on a
charge of burglary. He is accused of
having entered the residence of Henry
Lasclottes. 1ZG1 Jackson street, on the
night of October 6. while the family was
at dinner, and stealing four gold watches
and other articles of jewelry.
O'Neil Charged With Burglary.
Kennarfl Knott filed a novel answer yes
terday to the suit now pending against
him in Justice Alfred B. Lawson's court,
brought by Rauer's Collection Agency in
the Interest of the Washington Life In
purance Company. The insurance com
pany claims that on September 5, 1902,
Knott bought a policy from them. No.
123,73<>, and that In payment for the same
he gave a note for the first "annual
premium, amounting to $85 04, and they
are now striving to collect this amount
through the medium of the courts.
Knott alleges that at the time the pur
ported policy was issued It was agreed
that the policy should not be a binding
policy and it was likewise agreed at the
time the promissory note was made that
the note should never be paid and that
the policy was Issued and the note made
for the sole and only purpose of increas
ing the Ehowing of business of the Wash
ington Life Insurance Company, and with
the express agreement that the same
should not be paid. The defendant fur
ther alleges that the promissory note
came In the hands of the plaintiff subse
quent to Its maturity and prays that the
plaintiffs take nothing by the action.
Judge Lawson has taken the matter un
der advisement
FILES NOVEL ANSWER TO
SUIT TO COLLECT NOTE
Kennard Knott Says Washington
Life Insurance Company Has No
Claims Against Him.
H. O. Cummins of Boston, manager of
the Middle Creek Gold Mining Company
of Shasta County, made a hurried trip to
this city Sunday for the avowed purpose
of causing the arrest of a young man on
charges of forgery and perjury. Arriving
at the Palace Hotel ho immediately placed
himself in communication with a private
detective agency and In a few hours he
had succeeded in locating the young man
for the punishment of whom his hur
ried trip down from Redding had been
designed. But when he had his man in
hand, Cummins, suddenly realizing that
the nrrest of the accused would result
In humiliation to the latter's family, the
members of which are prominent in
Shasta, relented after warning the young
fellow to leave town at once.
According to a statement made by Cum
mins he had been negotiating for a bond
on a mining property in Shasta County
owned by residents of Napa Junction and
he finally delegated Harry Page to come
to this city and secure a deed to the prop
erty. With the necessary purchase price
Page came to San Francisco, but Instead
of Journeying up to Napa Junction and
paying over the money and securing the
deed he Inscribed the signatures of the
parties to the document and mailed it
back to Cummins, with the statement that
the transaction had been effected. A fa
miliarity with the writing of the man
and jeife at Napa Junction, with whom he
had already had some correspondence,
aroused the suspicions of Cummins that
the signatures on the deed were not gen
uine and an inquiry by wire developed the
fact that young Page had not been to
that place.
It was on receipt of this news that
Cummins hurried to this city, and with
the aid of his detective located Page at
the Golden West Hotel. Finding that de
nials were of no avail, the young man con
fessed his offense, and after being de
tained for a time was permitted to leave
town. Yesterday Cummins went to Napa
Junction and secured a new deed to tho
property. . •
Mining Manager's Hurried Trip to
City Followed by Flight of
Henry Page.
PLANS ARREST OF AN
AGENT, BUT RELENTS
Assessor Dr. Washington Dodge, speak
ing yesterday in reference to the payment
of taxes, said:
Taxpayers art finding that their taxes this
year are greatly increased over last y«>ar. This
Is the causa of considerable comment In the
Tax Collector's office, which Is daily thronged
with citizen* peeking their tax bills. Few
soem to understand that this is the result of
the roce.it action of the State Board of Equali
sation at Sacramento in raising my figures as
Assessor cf San Francisco. It will be remem
btrecl that the Btate board, against my very
vigorous protest, increased the assessment of
all property in San Francisco for this year
nearly one-third. In addition to this raise.
th« State tax rate Is very much higher this
year than last year. Our taxpayers have ex-
Governor Gage to thank for this. It win be
remembered that JuPt prior to his campaign
he managed to eecure the abnormally low tax
rate of 33 cents. This unjustifiable rate neces
sitated an unusually high rate this year to
provide for the deficiencies caused by the for
mer rate.
Thus the State tax rate this year Is 58
cents per $100 against 38 cents last year.
This fact together' with the raise In the as
sessed value of all property in San Francisco,
as made by the State board, has greatly in
crrased taxes this year. It is feared that
many taxpayers will become delinquent, as
the time Is very i-hort In which taxes can be
tiaid •without delinquency. This Is due to the
fact that tax bills are nearly one month later
than usual owing to the delay caused by figur
ing out the Increase made by the State board.
All taxes will be delinquent on. November 30,
when a penalty of 15 per cent will be added.
I unite with the Tax Collector in requesting
all taxpayers to secure their tax bills at the
earliest possible moment, in order to prevent
confusion and errors.
Holds State Board of Equalization
Responsible for the Raise
in Rates.
DR. DODGE TELLS WHY
TAXES ARE INCREASED
The board expressed itself In favor of
the request and practically agreed to give
the use of a vacant class room in the
Cleveland School, on Harrison street,
near Tenth, to accommodate the children
should it be finally decided to appoint a
third teacher. The committee will appear
before the board again next Wednesday
on behalf of its petition.
A committee from the San Francisco
Parents' Association, the object of .which
is to insure the private teaching of speech
to deaf children In the public schools,
waited on the Board of Education yester
day to urge that an additional teacher be
employed for the purpose In the Harrison
Primary School. It was stated that there
are now twenty-eight children being
taught by Mr. and Mrs. Holden, who are
experts in their line. As it Is necessary
to give individual Instruction the law will
permit the assignment of another teacher.
WANT ANOTHER TEACHER
FOR DEAF CHILDREN
San Francisco Parents' Association
Petitions Board of Education to
Establish New Class.
W. O. Peck, surveyor for the Loyalton
Lumber Company, testified that he took
George Stimers and four other applicants
Into the timber belt and showed them the
tracts on which they afterward filed ap
plications.
Delia Hale, the notary before whom, the
Keddie-Engle deed was acknowledged,
testified that Arthur W. Keddie, one of
the defendants, told her that It was not
necessary to keep a record of tho deed.
Mr. Schlesinger, on cross examination,
asked the witness whether he had ever
Induced William S. Mead to commit per
jury in making an application to file upon
Government timber lands, but Mr. Ban
ning objected to the question- on the
ground that Captain Roberts was not de
fendant in the case. Judge de Haven
sustained the objection.
William A. Schroeder, a blacksmith of
Loyalton, told that in May, 1901, he took
Mrs. Battelle and others to view some
timber land In the vicinity of Loyalton
and that he paid her expenses at a ho
tel at her request, which money was re
paid to him by James M. Engle several
months later, Mrs. Battelle had filed her
application for the land. He had not heard
any of the defendants ask Mrs. Bat
telle to file upon the land, or to make any
false statements in her application. Mrs.
Enscoe and others were in the aame
party. ¦ . .
ROBERTS NOT AN INDUCER.
Taking of. testimony in the case of the
United States vs. James M. Engle, Wil
liam S. and Richard H.«_ewl3 and Arthur
AV. Keddie, charged with subornation of
perjury, came to an abrupt termination
yesterday in the United States District
Court, when Bert Schleslnger annoupced
that tho defense would not offer any tes
timony and would submit the case with
out argument. First Assistant United
States District Attorney Banning also
submitted his case without argument, and
an adjournment was taken until 11 o'clock
thls"mdr'ning, when the jury will be
charged by Judge de Haven.
Miss Helen; Keddie, "daughter of Arthur
W. Keddie, was the first witness called.
Her statement was that she ¦ signed an
application on June 3, 1901, for a quarter
section of timber land in Sierra County.
; Her fathe^, James .M/' Erigle, and Mrs.,
Engle; were in the land office at the time,
the Engles filing applications also. She
paid her expenses; and the cost of the
land out of "her own money. She intended
to hold the land' until she could eell II
at a profit, which she afterward did to
John H. Engle of Philadelphia, a brother
of ¦ defendant James M. Engle. The first
deed to. John H. Engle she destroyed be
cause Uhere was a good deal of talk at
the time to the effect that a person, would
not have a right to sell timber land after
having purchased it from the Govern
ment, but afterward, feeling that she
had a> right to do so, she made a second
deed and sold the land to John H. Engle.
Before making application at the land
office "ehe had not made any contract or
agreement with any one for the trans
fer of the land. x
WITNESSES NOT SUBPENAED.
The names of Mrs. Corolynne _E. Bat
telle, George Stimers, Creed T. Hill,
Stephen Whlttlesey and William S. Mead
were called at the door and they failed
to answer. Bert Schleslnger, on behalf
of the defendants, protested against the
action of First Assistant United States
District Attorney In calling witnesses
who had not been subpenaed. Then Mr.
Banning placed United States Marshal
John H. Shine on the stand to prove that
he had attempted to find the missing wit
nesses, but had failed. Mr. Schlesinger
proceeded to cross examine the witness
but had not completed the first question
when Judge de Haven rapped sharply
on his desk with a lead pencil, peremp
torily ordered the witness to leave the
stand.
Captain J. H. Roberts, a wealthy resi
dent of Sacramento, was called for the
prosecution, and in answer to questions by
Mr. Banning stated that he was presi
dent of the Boca and Loyalton Railroad
Company, now known as the Roberts
Lumber Company. Mr. Engle, he said,
was a real estate agent dealing princi
pally in patented land, and for such land
sold to the witness by Engle the wit
ness paid Engle a commission of 50
cents per acre, but he could not remem
ber how many acres he had purchased of
Engle. He' hrn*Anever be^n ore the land
and knew nothing about it. The Lewis
brothers had charge of the lumber mill
and interests, and the witness was devot
ing the greater part of his attention to
his steamboatlng business.
The Bay City Club was granted a per
mit for an amateur boxing exhibition on
Wednesday, November 18, and the San
Francisco Club one for November 20.
The complaint of the Eureka Valley
Improvement Club of a nuisance from
smoke and dust from Gray Bros.' brick
works, located on State street, was re
ferred to the Health Committee. The
complainants say the firm has failed to
keep its promise to put in smoke con
sumers.
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance re
quiring the names of the Ingredients to
be placed on packages containing food
intended for human consumption was or
dered printed and will be considered at
next Monday's meeting. It .is understood
that the, board will sustain the veto, as
the ordinance was passed under a mis
apprehension that Its terms applied only
to foods preserved by artificial process
and not to medicines, whose formulae are
secrets.
Secretary de Succa of the Park Com
mission appeared before -the Finance
Committee and explained that the charter
gave the Park Commission power to pur
chase non-contract goods In sums less
than $500. The committee nevertheless
thought that bids should be advertised
for euch goods and requested the presence
of Park Commissioners Sullivan and
Lloyd at its next meeting to. discuss the
matter further.
The petition of the Master Plumbers'
Association that the ordinance establish
ing rulea and regulations for the plumb
ing and drainage of buildings be amended
by striking out the words: "Provided,
however, that any other method approved
by the Health Board may be used to pre
vent Eiphonage," which will leave the
ordinance as it read previous to its
amendment, was referred to the Health
Committee.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ferred to City Attorney Lane the pro
posed ordinance prohibiting the use of
compressed air cleaning machines on the
public streets for an opinion ap to its
validity. Action was taken on motion of
Supervisor d'Ancona, who stated that in
asmuch as the labor unions had protested
against the machines and as there is a
doubt as to the constitutionality of the or
dinance, the City Attorney should pass
upon it.
It may be assumed that the annual re
ceipts at a 5-cent fare will be about 51S0,
000. gradually Increasing within" ten
yearn to about $200,000. In order to be
in a position to impose conditions fa
vorable to the public, such as the con
version of the cable road Into an electric
road, the time limit for. any lease would
have to be for a long term.
There is one other street car company
—the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com
pany — whose franchise expires in the near
future. On East Ftreet. Jackson. Wash
ington, Montgomery avenue and Union
Ftreet westerly to Steiner, also on Bak«r
street from Greenwich to Jefferson streets
end on Jefferson street, its franchise ex
pires on December CO, ii»04, and on the
rest of the road on December 10. 1913. The
operation of the road cannot therefore to
continued after December 30. 1304, with
out the consent of the municipality. But
little cf the roadbed should be considered
serviceable for further use. The future
importance of Geary street as a main
avenue of approach to the Richmond dis
trict makes it appear inadvisable to set
it apart as » boulevard.
ANTJTJAL RECEIPTS.
"It 1* not probable, without a specific
order frora the Board of Supervisors, that
the roadbed of the Geary street com
pany's pystPm will be removed from the
street. It may be safely assumed that
the roadbed and subway are at the dis
position of the municipality. The city
may therefore, on the expiration of the
franchise, be considered to be in posses
sion and In control of the roadbed on
which a cable car system could be ope
rated or the road could be converted into
a conduit underground electric road."
Four propositions can be considered:
The city to take possession of the road
bed, lease or purchase the power-house,
carhoupe and car? from the present own
ers and continue the operation of the road
es a cable system; the city to take pos
session of the track system and lea?e the
Fame to the highest bidder; the city to
eell a new franchise to the highest bid
der for a term of twenty-live years; the
railroad company to be required to re
move the roadbed and repave the streets
and Geary street then to be declared a
boulevard. ¦ •
"For power to operate the road electric
current is to be purchased from any of
the large electric companies. In all three
projects an estimated cost of $50,000 Is
allowed for the introduction of storage
batteries in connection with the motors.
The estimated expense for the year for
the first project Is J1&6.37:.; second project.
$197.eT; third project, $156,340."
In his report City Engineer Grunsky
pays:
TO PURCHASE POWER.
Two reports bearing upon the future
operation of the Geary-street railway
were filed with the Board of Supervisors
yesterday by the Board of Public Works.
One was from. City Engineer Grunsky
relative to the disposition of the road on
the expiration of Its franchise and the
ether from J. C. II. Stut, who was em
jjloyed as consulting mechanical engineer
to report upon the feasibility and cost
cf converting the rystem into an electric
road with overhead trolley.
Stut estimates that the cost of such a
Fystem. on Geary street from Kearny
street to Point Lobos avenuo to Fifth
avenue to Golden Gate Park will be
J40LS2O. If the road were extended to
Ter.th avenue the cost will be $425,920.
The coct of an electric read with under
ground conductors is fixed at $435,400.
£tut reports that a good feature of the
r.rst project mentioned is its comparative
cheapness as compared with the other
two propositions, but Fays that an unde
sirable feature Is its terminus at Fifth
avenue, too far removed from the amuse
ment centers. The second project over
comes this undesirable feature, but would
cost more as .8'.»S miles of new double
track must be built from Fifth to Tenth
avenues and along Tenth avenue to the
park.
The third project involves the conver
sion of the present cable road into a xnod
<rn up-to-date conduit electric road from
Kearny street to Fifth avenue and from
Fifth avenue to Tenth avenue to the park
a new overhead trolley road would be re
quired. The entire road could be made
<onduit entirely, but on account of the
first cost it may be found advisable not
to do so. The report concludes:
City Engineer Reports on
Conversion to Modern
Car System.
The board received a vote of thanks
from the executive committee of the
American Bankers' Association for cour
tesies extended to delegates and guests at
its recent convention, and particularly for
the illumination of the dome of the City
Hall.
The protest of A. J. Collins against the
passage of a proposed ordinance regulat
ing the locksmiths' business was referred
to the Police Committee.
Auditor Baehr appeared before the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee yesterday
and stated that he would decline to pay
two judgment demands in favor of Mar
tin Collman for $&04 and Joseph Musto for
J] 1.502, drawn on St. Mary's Park fund,
unless the .promoters of the project file a
guarantee to contribute the additional
money necessary for the acquisition of
the entire tract of land necessary for the
park. Baehr explained that of the origi
nal fund of $125,000 there now remains the
sum of $54,092 €S. The sum of $45,907 32
was paid to merchant creditors under a
stipulation that the Board of Supervisors
would appropriate $50,000 In two equal in
stallments to replace the amount named.
One Judgment of $25,000 had also been
raid, and Baehr said that he wanted
some essurance that the city would not be
liable for any Judgments in excess of
$125,000. Auditor Baehr saw Father Wy
man, one of the stanch promoters of the
project, who stated that the sum required
would certainly be raised by private sub
scription. With the understanding that
the entire square will be thus acquired.
Auditor liat-hr said he would sign the
two judftmvrit demands.
The Pacific Humane Society filed a com.
munication yesterday with the Board of
Supervisors alleging that H. O. irwin, the
poundmaster appointed by Mayor
Schmitz. has negligently conducted the
office in that he has neglected and still
neglects to impound large stock running
at large, and further that Irwin has been
guilty of malfeasance in office in Issuing
leceipte for money on blanks other than
those provided by law. The society fur
ther alleges that Irwin has received sums
of money as fees for which he has not
accounted. The society petitions for a
hearing on the charges and asks that the
management of the pound be put in the
hands of the society.
Defense Declines to Put in
Evidence or to Make
Argument.
Mayor's Veto of the Labeling
Measure Is Ordered
Printed. .
Pacific Humane Society Files
Charges Against Pound
master Irwin.
Works Board Figures on
Electrizing of Geary
Street Line.
Board Asks Lane to Pass
Upon Air Cleaning
Machines.
Auditor Baehr Secures
Guarantee to Pro
tect the City.
Judge de Haven Will
Charge the Jury
To-Day.
DOUBTS VALIDITY
OF AN ORDINANCE
TIMBER FRAUDS
CASE NEARS END
[SUITES COST
OF A NEW ROAD
ST. MARY'S PARK
IS NOW ASSURED
THE SA1ST FRAKCISCO . CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1903.
9
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Mt BE&9 \^
i\ Ef?3 /if
B CALIFORNIA j
|| LIMITED TO CHICAGO j
H Leaves Mondays and Thursday* ,
\ at 8:30 a. m., through In 3 days,
jB with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
V™ ?~'l for Stockton, Fresno, Bakerifield,
800 p' m! ) Merced « Hanford and Visalii*.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. ¦
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticrsr Offic*: 641 Market .St., and Perry
Depot. 8. r. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
> LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCU AHU NOBTH PAG1F13
RAILWAY CO-PANT.
Tlburon Terry, root of Market Street.
SAN 7BANCISCO TO SAH EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
8:30. 6:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11 :C0 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. fi:20. 11:30 d. m.
SAW BAFAIL TO SAW FEANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. 11:11
a. m.; 12:60, 3:40. 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
.Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I . In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( ticn. [ days. | Days.
________ _ iTlOa 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 i>
5:10 p 5:00 p « 7:35 p
7:30 a ' | 9:10 al 8:4Oa
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 all0:20a
3:30p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 pf G:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 pi
- 5:00 p Santa Rosa. [
7:30 a ~l 10:40a|10:20a
8:00 af Fulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p| |
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg: 10:40 a] 10:20 a
Lytton. |
3:30 p 3:30 p Geytjervllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdalc. [
7:30 al 8:00 al Hop!and !10:4<> a|l0:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30aj8:0Oal (10:40 a|10:20a
3:30p|8:30p| Gaerngvllle. | 7:35 p| «:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9?10 at 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30'a| 9:00a|. 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Eebastopol. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa. Kosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria an<i Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal* for
the Geyser*, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter' Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's,
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'3
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs, Harris. OI-
«n's. Dyer, QarbervHle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
¦ On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market atreet. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, ' R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
|&ipplllg| TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
i^__^i^_^^' via Sausalito Terry.
• a^riTcSf^tandard Gauge Electric—
DeDart from Pan Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8:00,
B-cS. 10-00 l£oO a m.., 12:20, 1:48. 8:15.
4-15' 6 15 3-6. 7:0078:457 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
* PROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-__ly-8^ 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35, 11:05
a.^. I2T267 1:43. 2:65. 8:45. 4:43, 6:45. 8:43,
8 FROM 2< MI-£ 1 * ; v'ALL_nr TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 6:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:53,
lUZoTTm:. 12:33. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 6:05, «:03|
T-05. 9"0O. 10:35 D. m.-
j.uo, ».w. THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. xa. week days — Cazadero and way
8 5:15 p. m. week daya (Saturdays except ed) —
Tomales and way staUona.
8:16 p. ro. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
Sundaya only— 10 a. m., Point; Reyea and way.
stations.
. TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market it .
I FERRT— TJnlon Depot, foot of Market at. '
Weekly Call $1 per Year,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As Well as Women Are Kept
Off the Operating Table by
Elcctro-Chcmistry.
—-^ — , , „,, — ,,._ — „, ...
MB. PETER C. ANDERSON. .
Fenm Grove P. O., Cal.
"After four years' suffering from loss of blood
from my bladder, caused by a bleeding- tumor,
anil after many doctors had failed to cure me,
I was sent to & hospital in San Francisco to be
operated upon. I was so weak from loss of
blood that the hospital surgeon informed my
wife that there was little chance to save my
life. It ' was decided that before undergoing
the dangerous Buryical operation it would be
best to try the Electro-Chemlc treatment, so
my wife took me to the Electro-Chemlc Insti-
tute, 118 Grant avenue, and placed me under
the Electro-Chemlc treatment. In three
months' time I was perfectly cured. The loss
of blood had stopped. I had regained my lost
fleBh and strength and I was able to do my
heavy work in the hay fields."
(Signed) PETER C. ANDERSON,
. Penna Grove P. O., Cal.
CONSULTATION . 87 O E" C"
X-RAY EXAMINATION I i% fil L
Specialties — Coninmptlon, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, • Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear . Noises, Knen-
matlsm, Paralysis, ITeuraljria. Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys
and Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and
Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at * dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination.
If you can't come, write for instructions for
home examination ,.and • treatment. ¦
electro-cheIc institute,
118 GRANT AVE., Cor, Post St~
SAH T RAK-CXSCO. /
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p.-m. and 7 to 8
p. m; daily; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladles and gentlemen.
BAILWAT TEA VEL.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave , Via Snnlito Itnj Arrive '
S— iFrandsco foot if Ibr kit 8t San Francisco
: Week -. Sun- ¦ifBBL . Son- I Week
Days, days J&mSfto^. days Days.
•1063A*S:OOa g^flftflJEI 1 -':•) ft T fO:Tdi
•I;45f 9:OOa l:25p 3:50p
5:15p 1O:OOa wSSSy 8:50p fi:5Or
«... 11:OOa 4:50p 9:50p
¦ *0— aset with stays far * Pipso sad ¥_crw (_¦»
;.TICKir I J 626 Markst ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
OFFICE i and Sausauto Fkrry, Foot Market St.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
SoUfr^r^nPA5l?IC
X rain a leavo And Arc rttie> to **rri v« AC
>AN KKANC1SCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Maricet Street )
HATS — t'HO- OCTOBK.t 21. l'J03. — -4E»IT«
7.00a Benicia, Sulson, Klmlra and Sacra-
mento Z-2 5p
7.00a V»c»Tllle. Winter*. Rom»ey 7 55r
7.30* Martinez. San Ramon. Vailejo.
Nap*. Cal lstogiv, Santa Rom S 25p
7.30a Uilea, Llyermore. Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.25p
800* Davis. Woodland. Knignti Landing.
_ar;tvtlle. OrotlUe 7.55r
8 00a Atlaatic Exprea»-UKdcD and Knil. 1025*
8-33.1 Port Costa, Martinez, Antiocn. Bf-
roo.Tracj,Stockton.3acra— ento.
Newman, Loa Banoa, MeatSoCa.
Armcna, Leuioore, Hanford.
VUalla. PorterTlllo 4.25?
6.30a Port Costa, Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Kresno^
Oosnen Junction. Lemoore. Haa-
ford. Visalla. BalrersneUl ....... 4 55*
8.3G* Shasta Expreia — Darin, Wllltann
(for Cartlett Sprlnirs). TVlltowa,
tFruto. Kei Bluff, Portland 7.55*
8.30a Nile*. Saa .lose, LIvermore. 8toefc-
ton.Ione.Sacrameuto.Placerfllle, ' ¦
Mfiryi-K'.e. Chlco. Ked Bluff I 4.25*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
sore. Tuoltimne nnd Angela 2el P
9X0* Martinez and Way Stations g 65?
1000a V«UeJo_ - 12.25r
:o.ooa-
tan costa. Martinez. Byjoa,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Hao-
ford. Vlsalla. Baiersfl«ld. Lo« .
Anjtete* <We»V
hound arn-es t»tv»rt Line)... <1.30r
IOCOa Th« Overland Limited — Ugden.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 5??'
12.00x Hayward. Nllcs and Way Statlont.^ 325*
tVCOr Sacramento P.I ver Steamer* ti 1.00*
3 30p Benicia. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marv»vii:e. Orovllla and way
stations tSel 4
330* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-oa*
3 30f Port Cost*. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 25*
330* Martinez. Tracy. StocSlon. Lodt... "10 2a*
4 COP MartInez,Saai:;tmon,Vanelo,Napa, ¦ .
Calistcga. Santa Ro»a 9 25*
A 00* Hiles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 425*
430* Ilayward. Nlles. lrvlngton. 8an » t8.65*
Jose. LIvermore f til. 55a
6-CO* The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Uanos. Mendota, Fresno. Till are.
BakeriHeld. Los Angeles 8.55*
6 00* Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 1225*
+5 30p Hayward, Nlles and San Josa 7.25a
b-CO* Ilayward. Nlles and San Jose 10.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— Otcden. Denver, . .
Omaha. St. Loa Is. Chicago and
Kast. Port Costa, Benicia, Sul-
sun, Klmlra, Davis, Sacramento*
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckce. Boca, Keno, Wads-
worth. Wtnnemucca. Battle
Mountain, Elko 4-25*
G.Oflp Vailejo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7 cc.
7 00* Vailejo. Sunday only f /o °
7X0* San Pi!. I.-. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations 11. 25*
C-C5* Oregon A California Express— Sae-
rcioiento, MarysvlIIe, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Kast. 8-55*
?.1C* Ilayward, NIl«a aad San Jose (3un-
dayonly) 11-S5a
COAST LINE <>»rn»w Usage).
( Kix>t of Market Street.)
b 15» Newark. Centerviile^ 8an Jose.
Felton. Uouluer Creek.' Sunn
Cruz and Way Stations 5 53?
-'« 15p Newark. Centerville. San Jose.
Ner.- AImaden.l.oa Gatos.Falton,
Bon:der Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 13.55*
- 15* Newark. San Jose, Loa Qatos and
wiystntlon* - t8.55A
'3 30* Hunters Train, Saturday only. Sao .
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only retnrns from L«« Gato« .... 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. rum SAN f KAN Cisco, toot of Market SU (Slip*)
— ff:15 »:O> 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 P.M.
rrom OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — t«:W Ti:t»
t3:(K 1Q:(X>a.m. 12 00 2 00 400*.-.
COAST LINE (Uro».Ui« B «.).
t_r-<Tuira nnd Tuwnsend Streets.)
B10* San Jose and Way Stations S 30*
7 00* San Jose and Wat Stations 6 38*
8.00a >•«¦¦» Almadea (Tut's.. Frid- only). 4. 10?
8.00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jose, Oilroy (connection for Bol-
' lister), Pajaro. Ca.itrov'.lle. 8a-
linas. San Arrto. Paso Robles.
Santa Margarita, San Lois Oblspn,
Principal stations thence Surt
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castroviiie to and from
Monterey, and Pacific Grove 10.45?
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. CapitoU,
SantaCruz.Pac!flcOrove,Sa)tnaa.
San Lnls Obtspo and Principal
Way Station* 4-10*
10.30a Pan Jose and Way Station*. 1.20*
11-30- ganca Clara, San Jose, Los Ottos
aati Way Stations v 740*
130p San Jose and Way Stations 8 33*
i-C0r Pacific Grove Express— SantaClaxa
¦ S*n Jote, Del Monte. Monterey.
'.: "• Pacific Grove (connects at Sftata
. .--Clara for Santa Cruz, BooJdeT
Creeit and farrow Gau^sl'olr.w)
at Gliroy for Uolllster. Tres
Plnos. at GMtroviiie tor Sallaat. 12.15*
3^0* Gllroy Way Passenger.; _,(10-45a
t4 45* San Jose, .(via Santa Clara) Loj
.i Gatoa. and Principal Way Sea- *
,. _ ¦ tions. (except Sqnday) >. t9 23a
15-30* SanJoteacdPrlaclpalWaySUtlons t3.00*
6. CO* Ennset* Limited. Eastbonnd.— San
. ¦¦ Lais Ob!Spo, Santa Barbara, Los
.Anueles. bemictf. El Paso. New
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
• ._._ ¦ arrrvesTi»8_aJcaqnlnVallry>... _925a
TV.IEr Ean Mateo, Beresfora,BelmonkS«n
•Cat loa, "Redwood. Fair Oaks,
__._ „ Mealo Park. Palo Alto tS.48_
640* EauJose and Way Stations. 633a
ll.oQP South San 1'ranciaco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
llfigame. 8an Mateo, Belmont, *
San Carlo?. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 945*
•11-30* Mayfield. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose t945*
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon.
4 Sunday only.
t Etops at all stations on Sunday. - -
t Sunday ezcepted. a Saturday only.
__V la Coast Line. ' « Via San Joaqaln Valley.
Of Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
•r«6:10_ _-t7:CQ_._..n:S> a .*..3:30*.m. and «:S0r.*.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA BITTERS, TBS
Great Mexican Remedy: rives health mxxX
strength to eerual crs__. Depot. S23 - _r_t_
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Scientific brewing,
1 scrupulous attention.
1 1 '11
I choicest materials make
I wholesome, palatable,
reiresliing, strengthens
1 1 C
ing— the very soul or
tie malt— the Leer
I tiats pure.
I Iheimest brew is
I PabstJijbfteKaob on
Eg Orders filled by
| Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Liebig Company's
great grazing farms in Uru-
guay cover 1,100 square
miles, \rhere 1.5,000 cattle
fatten. It is by far tho lar-
gest company in the world
making concentrated beef
foods only, and the principal
product of this immense
factory is the world known
blue signature brand,
: Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
Always. Rempjabcr the FaD/lfme
If azative ftromo Qnjn_a
Cores a CoM In One D«y, Grpta 2 Days
(Q* /XVyfrw*^ fcOX. 25cSun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High aid Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height, of tide
Is the same at both places.,
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 10.
Sun rises e-46
Sun sets ...5:01
Moo\ rises ......:..... 10:23 p. m
O Time] Tlmel Time Time '
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P.. H-W L W H W L W .
10 4:13 4.0 9:12 3.1 3:01 5.0 9:45 00
11 5:08 5.0 10:33 2.9 4:15 4.7 10:50 0.4
12 0:00 6.2 11:50 2.6 5:39 > 4.5 11:51 0.8
13 6:50.5.4 1:00 2.0 7:00 4.5
L W H XV L XV . ¦• H W
14 0:57 1.1 7:39 .5.5-1:68. 1.4 8:12 4.6
15 1:50 1.3 8:24 5.7 2:43 K 0.8 0:20 4.7
• NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of. the
day in- the order of occurrence as to time; the
'fourth time column gives the last tide of the
Killed in an Elevator.
Komachi Matsudo died in St. Mary's
Hospital last Sunday from injuries re
ceived by having been crushed in a side
walk elevator that he was operating for
the Okuno Company at 225 Sutler street
on October 31. The case was not reported
to the Coroner until yesterday.
The Election Commission began its offl
• cial count of the ballots cast at the re
cent election yesterday morning:. Very
fpw changes were found. Hocks gained
three votes in the Second Precinct of the
Twenty-eighth District . This reduces
Jjoughery's original lead from 27 to 24.
Official Count, Has Begun.
The Gteamer Alameda nailed on Saturday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $225,320, and Including the follow
ing;: 235 bbls flour. C024 gals 27 cs wine, 13.7M)
It* 15 cs codfish. 30,078 Itm smoked meat, 1"J.
770 lbs ham and bacon. OSS gals 'MX ca whisky.
37 cm 2 casks mineral water, 68 pkfis bottled
beer. 10 c» brandy, 40 cs 3 pkgs liquors, 35
pkgs frozen oysters, 8H10 lbs dressed meat, 671
lbs fresh fish, 10,096 lbs 10 bxs dressed poul
try. 88U ctla barley. 0.V.5 lbs middlings,- 77. ctls
wheat. 110 c* egps, 75 cs 1 bbl baking pow
der, 520 lbs tea. »l ctls oam. 66 ctls corn. 4076
lbs beans, 14.520 lbs lard. 9270 lbs 34 cs meals,
193 cs canned 6» pkgs pickled salmon, 1G56 cs
canned goods, 25S>1 pkgs fresh fruits, 270. pkgs
frebh vegetables. 2200 pkgs potatoes, 2tiS pkgs
onions,' 4034 Its 10 cs cheese. 13.7W lbs 15 cs
codfish, 1557 lbs peas. 7730 lbs 13 pkgs butter,'
51 ca wplces, JJOOO lbs coffee. 1050 lbs salt.-15,
3.15 Iba 3 cs bread. .'20 pkss ifrocerles and pro
visions, SW3 lbs t» cs candy. 2731 Ibs'glurofr.
1131 lbs chocolate, 300C lbs 5 pkgs dried fruit,
Exports to Honolulu.
Kanaye Tosawa, manager of the Yoko
hama. Epecie Bank, was tendered a fare
well banauct last night at Native Sons*
Hall by 290 of the leading Japanese resi
dents of this city as a mark of their
esteem, owlny to his intended departure
for Japan to-day. He expects to be away
about three months.
Tosa-wu Is Banqueted.
make an average speed of 16 knots. The new
boat Is 43 feet longer. 2 feet wider and II
feet deeper ' than the - Korea and Siberia and
has 7014 tons greater displacement. The'Mon
golia and Manchuria will each carry 14,000
tons dead weight. of cargo and each will have
The new vessels were originally intended for
the Atlantic Transport Company, but when
President Hill of the Great Northern. In his
effort to capture Oriental trade, went In for
marine architecture on a large scale, the Pa
cific Hall Company purchased - tho two big
liners while they were yet on the stocks. The
Mongolia, which will be brought her* by Cap
tain Rlnder. is a vesiel of 26.514 tons dis
placement. She Is 615 feet S Inches long 65
fe«t in beam and 51 feet 3 Inches deep, 'she
has Indicated ' horsepower of 12,000 and will
Captain J. H. Rlnder. who recently re
signed from the service of the White Star
line to accept the command of the Paciflc Mall
Company't new liner Mongolia, will leave for
the East In a few days to take charge of his
new vessel. The Mongolia, which will enter
the Oriental trade under the flag of the Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Company was
launched July 2S, and is almost ready to co
Into commission. The Manchuria, twin sister
to the Mongolia, was* to have been launched
October 31. but she etuck in the ways nnd
the big User did not reach the water until a
day or to later.
Big Liners for Oriental Trade.
The body of an unknown man was found
floating In the bay off Broadway wharf
by United States Customs Inspector
James Wilson last night at 8:40 o"clock.
The Coroner's office was notified and th«
l>o<Jy removed to the Morgue by Deputy
Fennell. The dead man was dressed as a
laborer and v.as about 40 years of age.
Body Found Floating in Bay.
The stea.mer Umatilla sailed on Saturday for
Victoria with an assorted cargo conbigned to
the port cf destination and the principal Brit
ish Columbian ports, valued at $in,2. r i9. The
leading shipments were as follows: 05,129. lbu
dried fruit. 44,310 Jbs SO bxs raisins. 935 pkgs
fresh fruit, 00 pkj?s fresh vegetables. 800 lbs
14 cs cheese. 23 pkgs groceries and provisions,
223 cs canned- toods. 11 cs salad oil, 2!> cs whis
ky, 3280 lbs meals, .VJ.<> gala wi.no, 10,403 lbs
dried peas, 2500 lbs chocolate, 11 pkgs paste,
14 ca liquors, 700 lbs cofTee, 32.400 lbs salt,
14,002 lbs nuts. 200 cocosjiuts. 25 kess catsup,
C cs honey, 5 ca olives, 83 pkgn pickles, 5 cs
brandy, 1400 Iba ham, 21 cs baking powder, 3
cs oysters. 750 lbs beans. 2 bbls beer, 200 lbs
bread, 75 pkxs bulldinjr material. 11 pkes dry
goods. 40 cs arms and ammunition, 20 os elec
trical supplier. 14 pkRs paper, 2 cs drugs. 3
bdls leather, U-SI lbs bone ash, 242S lbs asphalt,'
20 pigs tin, CO tins matches.
The steamer also carried 12 ca canned goods
and 2 cs photo goods, valued $50,' en route to
Suva, Fiji Islands.
Tho French ship Ville de Mulhouse, now at
Tacoma, was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat thence to Europe at 15s.' *
Ttie schooner Samar (at Portland) loads
lumber there lor Kiachou or Shanghai, 35s —
chartei-ed prior to arrival.
»
Merchandise for the North.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
TO AKUlVE.
Steamer. From j Due.
Chico Coquille River j Nov. 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford|Nov. 10
S. Moi'lca Grays Harbor |Nov. 10
Phoenix M» ndoclno Nov. 10
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 10
Edith TUcoma Nov. 10
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 10
I'omwa Humboldt Nov. 10
Lakme Humboldt |Nov. 11
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Xov. 11
San Matco... Tacoma |Nov. 12
S. Barbara. ,. 8an Pedro ..|Nov. la i
Colon .'. • New York via Panama.! Nov. 1-
Santa Rota — San Diego & Way Ports Nov. VI
Point Arena.. Mendorino & Pt. Arena. |Nov. 12
Czarira Coos Bay Nov. 13
Hedordo I Humboldt Nov. 13!
Eureka Humboldt t.Nov. l;. j
Corona Humboldt INov. IS
City 1'uebla. . I'uget Sound Ports INov. VI
Chehalis Grays Harbor -..INov. 14
Coos Hay Can Pedro & Way Ports! Nov. 14
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 1(5
North Fork . . . Humboldt Nov. 10
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports Nov. ltj !
Gaelic China Je Japan I .Nov. IV j
Rainier | Seattle & Whatcom |Nov. 18
Umatilla 1 1'uget Sound - Ports |Nov. IS
City Sydney.. | \ow York via Panama.! Nov. Is
Abydos 1 Hamburg & Way Ports. |Nov. IS
Nevadan . . Honolulu INov. IS
Nlcarla I Seattle |Nov. 20
' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
November 1O. j
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. 1ms Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Empire Coob Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
N. Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2 I
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier It. j
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13 I
A. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
November 11.
lakme l»s Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 10
Phoenix.... Mendoclnn City ... 1 pm Pier 13
November IS.
Chico CfMiuille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburp... Grays Harbor 4 'pm Pier 10
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona .'. . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier U
State of Cal. San Die^o & Way. 9 am Pier 11
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 1)
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
November 13.
Redondo I^os Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos IJ.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Bor.ita Newport & Way... I 0 am Pier 11
-Vovember 14. |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena | 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
November 15.
S. Rosa... . San Diego & Way. D am Pier 11
Coronado... Ix>s Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Xovember 10, I
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way 0 am Pier H
November 17.
City Ptjebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
November 18.
Korea China. & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
November 1O.
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. - For. | Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. INov 12
City Seattle.. Skagrway & Way Ports. Nov. 13
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 18
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Valencia. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Cottage City.. I Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
The meeting Is expected to be one of the
most Interesting and important that the
board has ever held. Within the last
fortnight many communications have
been received from the Interior by Man
egcr Briggs relating to fruit marketing.
These communications have. In many
instances, been accompanied by lists of
fruit growers, to whom Manager Briggs
will write to get all the facts and sugges
tions possible.
This afternoon the State Board of Trade
will meet to consider a report that Man
ager A. R. Briggs has prepared concern
ing the feasibility of an Investigation of
the conditions attending the marketing
of California fruits in San Francisco and
In tb* Eastern cities.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
HAS IMPORTANT TOPIC
Fruit Marketing in the East and
This City to Be Discussed
To-Day.
On account of the rough weather nothing
could be done yesterday for the schooner C.
A. Thayer. previously reported ashore outside
of Grays Harbor.
C. A. Thayer Still Ashore.
The Paciflc Mall Company's liner' City of
Peking, which has been laid up 'since the
China resumed her place on the Oriental run,
is shortly to go Into commission again be
tween here and Panama, Captain Porter, at
present In command of the City of Paca, will
probably command the Peking. The City of:
Peking was built in 1S74 and nearly thirty
years ago was one of the crack liners on the
Pacific.
City of Peking for Panama Hun.
From Honolulu — Mr*. C. II. Bentley, Cap
tain XV. A. Clark. Mrs. T. n. Valentine I.
K. Aea. XV. H. Redmond. H. B. Blandlng,
"W. Waterhouse. H. M." Lilluokalani. 8. A.
Buck and two sons, Mrs. Sharon. Mr. and Mrs.
XV. G. Taylor Mrs. Orem, W. E. Rothery. Miss
Albright. J. Walch, Miss Holllster. Miss Sum
ter C. H. Bentley. Mrs. I. L.. rails and Infant,
I. D. Arinoku. Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Kay, F.
Ehoup. ,
From Auckland — A. Hilton. S. Meyer A.
Knight. George Powreall. William Shever. F.
W. Edwards. D. Careston. Professor n. Mac-
I^awln. P. Coward. Dr. Pringle Hughes. Mr.
and Mrs. E. Branscombe.
Brings First of Christmas Mail.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ecnoma. Captain Herriman, arrived yesterday
morning from the Antipodes and Honolulu.
From the latter port the Sonoma made better
time than the Korea by three hours, coming
up in five days thirteen and a half hours. The
Sonoma brought an extra large consignment
of mall, having on board the first of the Christ
mas letters from loyal colonials to friends and
relatix-ca in Great Britain. She brought alto
gether 637 bags of mail, of which l.fO bags
were for this city. 75 for •Canada and Eastern
States and 332 for England.
Between Sydney and Auckland the Sonoma
encountered a heavy easterly gale, and for
forty-two hours was compelled to proceed at
reduced speed. In eplte of the delay, how
ever. th» liner reached this port on schedule
time. During the gale two membrs of the
crew sustained slight Injuries. E. Claussen.
a messman. was thrown against a bulkhead
and fractured two rib*, and A. Jackson, a
cadet,, sustained a few bruises. Both men
were attended by Dr. McNulty, the liner's sur
geon.
The Eonoma's passengers Included the fol
lowing named:
From Sydney — Mies Haughton. Mr. and Mrs.
C. Pollard and child. William Baldwin. Mort
Chester. Ralph Bell. Mr. and Mrs. R. Clifton.
Miss Chester. John Brewster. Miss Clifton. 1*.
A. B. Wade, Master Clifton. Mr. and Mrs.
William Bowerman.
Former Queen Lilluokalani of Hawaii,
accompanied by Myra Hclcluhe, John D.
Aimoku and James K. Aea, was a pas
senger on the steamship Sonoma, which
arrived yesterday, and is registered at the
California. She is bound for Washington
to push her claim for reimbursement for
crown lands, of which she has been de
prived by the Government.
In discussing h<>r mission one of her
(companions stated last evening: that Lil
iuokalar.l has great hope of getting favor
able action from Congress, basing much
of it on the fact that when her claim was
up for consideration before there was a
large proportion of the national legisla
tors kindly disposed toward It and many
who did not take a decided stand In the
matter have lately assured her of their
support.
Former Hawaiian Queen Still Hope
ful for Her Claim Against the
United States.
LILIUOHALAIJT ON HEE
WAY TO WASHINGTON
' Death claimed the flrstf and fourth officers
of the whaling schooner Morning Star, which
arrived yesterday from a blubber hunting
cruise. J. H. Hogan. the first ofiicer, who died
April 6. was a native of Massachusetts. 38
years of age. and H. Christian, the fourth of
ficer, who died July 15. hailed from Norfolk-
Island. Ho was 50 years old. The Morning
Star, which was formerly engaged in mission
ary "work In the South Seaa. brought 8000
pounds of bone, "1C0 fox skins. 30 bear skins
and 500 pounds of ivory.
Death Claims Whaler's Officers.
The schooner XV. F. Garms. which on Sun
day was towed Into Portland with her rudder
disabled. Is the fourth of a fleet of vessels
built by Charles G. White of Everett, Wash
ington, to come to grief through mishap to
steering apparatus. Whether victims of a
«-ries of unfortunate coincidences or whether
the vessels have been constructed on faulty
principles, the marine insurance companies
that have noted and paid for the list of acci
dents are not prepared to say. The schooners
J. H. Lunsmann and Otelia Pcderson and the
barkentine Aurora all .came from the Everett
builder's yard. The Otelia Pederson's rudder
carried away in the China seas and the vessel
was abandoned, to become a total loss later
on the island of Formosa. Shortly afterward
the J. H. Lunsmann's rudder lost Its useful
ness and she finished her voyage untler Jury
steering gear. The Aurora was compelled to
put Into Sydney on account of the breaking
of her rudder and now the XV. V. Garms adds
the fourth chapter to the tale of misadventure.
Rudders Proved Weak.
Movements of Steamers.
accommodations for 350 cabin passengers. 6S ,
second class and 1300 steerage.
OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL
COMPANY'S FINE NEW
LINER MONGOLIA.
KOBE — Arrived Nov 7— Br stmr Lowther
Castle, from Manila for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived . prior Nov 7— Jap
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Nov
8 — Ship Arthur Bewail, from Honolulu.
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 8 — Shlj> Fort
George, from Honolulu.
< - ".:••. ' FOREIGN PORTS. -
ISLAND PORTS.
'HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 9— U S tug Iro
quois. from -cruise/
HILO — Arrived Nov 7 — Bark Roderick Dhu
hence Oct 18. - • •
EASTERN PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 9 — SchV Vik
ing, hence Nov 1.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 9— Bktn Lahalna,
from Victoria; Btmr Mackinaw, hence Nov 6.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 9, 9:30 a. m.—
Stmr Melville Dollar, from Grays Harbor for
San Pedro.
WESTPORT— 'Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Fulton,
hence Nov 8.
REDONDO — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Port Harford.
Sailed Nov 8— Stmr National City, for Ban
Francisco.
POINT GORDA — Passed Nov 8, 2 p m Stmr
Acme, with schr C. A. Klose In tow, hence
Nov S for Astoria. •
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Redondo,
hence Nov 6; stmr Arctic, hence Nov 7; schr
Mary Buhne, hence Oct 28.
Sailed Nov 8— Stmrs San Pedro, Coqullle
River and Newsboy, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Humboldt.
from Skagway; Fr ship VHle de Mulhouae,
from San Pedro; schr Sequoia, hence Oct 29.
Arrived Nov 9 — Ger ehlp Wllkommen, from
Hamburg.
Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Montara. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Tacoma, for Hongkong.
OLYMPIA — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Robert
Dollar, hence Nov 3.
COOS BAY — Barbound Nov 9 — Stmr Arcata.
• PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov &— Schr Gam
ble, for Manila.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr
Santa Cruz, from Port Harford.
Sailed .Nov 9 — Stmr Santa Rosa, for Ban
Diego; stmr Bonita. for San Francisco; itmr
South Bay, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr
Santa Barbara from Santa Barbara.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka; schrs Comet and Daunt
less, from Grays Harbor.
EVERETT — Sailed Nov 9.. Schr Oliver J. Ol-»
een, for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Nov 9— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka; schr Banger, for Port
Gamble.
EUREKA— Arrived Ncv 8— Stmr F. H. L*g
gett. hence Nov 7; Btmr Brooklyn, hence Nov
7; stmr Iaqua. hence Nov 8.
* Sailed Nov 0 — Stmr Pomona, for Ean Fran
cisco; stmr Lakme, In search of stmr Charles
Nelson.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Bo
nita. for San Francisco.
FAIRHAVEN — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Infll
ana. from Seattle; »chr Transit, from San Di
eso.
Sailed— Nov 9— Stmr J. S. Dollar, for Shang
hai.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA, Nov. 9.— Schr XV. F. Garms
from San Francisco Oct. 25. was towed In here
last night with rudder post twisted and loss
of sails.
GRAYS HARBOR. Nov. 9.— The schr C. A.
Thayer, previously reported ashore outside the
harbor, remains In about the same position.
Weather too rough to do anything.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 9 — 10 p. m. — Weather
foggy; wind northwest, 20 miles an hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Oct 24, In 8 N, 25 XV. Ger ship Emllle, from
Antwerp for San Francisco.
Monday, November 9.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, San Pedro, P. C.
S. S. Co.
Stmr Corona, Eagles, Eureka, P. C. S. S. Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria, O. R. & N.
Co.
Br etmr Lytton, Collins, Portland, Ore.,
Charles Stewart:
SPOKEN.
CLEARED.
Monday, November 9.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Corona, Eagles, Eureka.
Stmr Mlneola. Klrkwood, Tacoma.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, Point Arena,
Stmr Rival, McClexnent*. Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, Greenwood.
U S stmr Adams, Fox, San Diego.
Schr H. C. Wright. Nielsen. Mahukona.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Grays Harbor.
Tug Defiance, James, in search of water
logged etmr Charles Nelson.
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 9.
Stmr Westport, Smith, 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 15 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Korea, Smith, 20 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama 10 days S hours 55 min., via
Honolulu 5 days 1G hours 34 min.
Stmr Sonoma. Herriman, 21 days 13 hours
41 min. from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 13
hours i53 min.
Stmr State ef California. Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 29 hours from Eu
reka.
Strar San Pedro, Andresen, 25 hours from
Eureka. ¦
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, 6 days from Na
nalmo.
Wh stmr Morning Star, Tilton, 18 days from
Dutch Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 16 hours from Monterey.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
dega.
Bktn W. H. Diamond, Hansen, 21 days from
Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ CHERBOURG — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Kron
prinz Wilhelm. from New York for Bremen,
and proceeded.
Sailed Nov S — Stmr Grosser Kurfust, from
Bremen, for New York.
TRIESTE: — Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Auranla,
from New York, via Naples, for Venice, etc.
LONDON — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Mlnnehaha.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Nov 0 — Stmr Syl
vanla, from Boston.
Sailed Nov 9 — Stmr Peruvian, for St. Johns
N. F., and Halifax.
MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Astoria,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 0— Stmr Colum
bia, from Glascow.
GLASGOW— Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Sarmatlan,
for Boston.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Ityn
dam, from New York.
BREMEN — Arrived Nov 9 — Stmr Neckar,
from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Nov 8— Stmr Oscar
II, for New York.
LEGHORN— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Perugia, for
New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Nor 6 — Stmr Xuman
tla, from San Francisco, Salaverry, etc., for
Tenerlfte.
DOVER — Passed Nov. 9 — Ger stmr Menei,
hence June 20. for Hamburg:.
BAHIA — Sailed Nov 8 — Stmr Mlnnewaska,
for Delaware Breakwater.
ROCHES POINT— Passed Nov T— Fr bark
Marie Molinos, hence July 17, for Queenstowu.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov a— Fr bark Mar
echal Davout. for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Nov 8— Bktn Chehalls.
from Grays Harbor.
MANILA — Sailed Oct 21 — Br Bhlj> Drumbur
ton. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Sailed Sep 30— Br ship
Alice A. Leigh. Br ship Thistle, Br ship Ken
sington, for fc'an Francisco; schr Matthew Tur
ner, for Kohulul. Oct 1— Br ship XV. J. Plrrle.
for . Oct 4 — Fr ship VerclngetorJx. for
. Oct 13 — Br ship Port Caledonia. Br ship
St. Mlrren. for San Francisco . Oct IS — Br ship
Falls of Dee, for San Francisco. Oct 3 — Bark,
General Falrchlld, for . Oct 5— Schr Kal
lua, for . Oct 11 — Ship J. B. Thomas, for
Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov S — Br ship
Rahane. from Tacoma.
GRAVESEND — Arrived Nov 8 — Stmr Menos.
from Tacoma. Seattle and San Francisco, via
Salavery. Antofacraeta, Valparaiso, Monte
video and Teneriffe. for Hamburg.
MOJI— Sailed Br stmr Indravelll. for
Oregon.
SYDXET— Arrived Xov 8 — Schr Americana,
from Eureka.
stmr Duke of Fife, from Hongkong.
Sailed Nov 9 — Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— Griffith J.
Griffith appeared in court to-day, for ar
raignment on a charge of attempting to
murder his wife at the Hotel Arcadia.
Santa Monica. September 3 last. He
pleaded not guilty to the charge and trial
was set for January 11, 1904.
Griffith Pleads "Not Guilty."
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Ca!.,
November 9. 1903.
Time Ball.
UKIAH. Nov. 9.— A second attempt to
burn the Ukiah High School building was
made Saturday night. When the janitor,
William Laughlin, went to the building
yesterday to get it in readiness for the
classes Monday \morning he found a pile
of chips and paper in the entrance to the
basement. This had been set on fire and
had scorched the ceiling and walls.
Attempt Made to Burn, a School.
In th<? course cf his lecture the speaker
said that it is certain that the use of ra
dium as a. test for threatened blindness
will serve thousands who would otherwise
be condemned to permanent darkness.
Mr. Harrison was heartily applauded
when he concluded his lecture. Many of
his listeners came to him afterward and
thanked him for the knowledge he im
parted to them in his lecture.
Mr. Harrison has made a deep study
of his subject ancT he talked entertaining
ly on his researches. He traced its dis
<o\-ery and told what had been done with
this practicaily unknown and precious
substance.
W!l!iam Greer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Club, read an interesting
paper on "Radium" last evening in the
free reading-room 'and library for the
blind at Fourth and Clara streets. The
lecture was given under t'ne auspices of
the Women's Auxiliary, of which Mrs.
Josephine de Greayer is president.
In the audience which filled the room
were a number of the blind and they lis
t«-ned with deep interest to the learned
discourse on the latest scientific discov
ery. They were interested because sci
entists have said that it will be through
the medium ot radium that the blind will
be mude to see.
William Greer Harrison Delivers In
teresting Talk on Latest Sci
entific Discovery.
LECTURES TO THE BLIND
ON VALUE OF BADIUM
Honolulu — W. M. Alexander, H. P. Baldln.
Miss G. M. Ccoke. Mrs. J. H. Dopkins, W. H.
Kdgar, Mrs. Judge Gear. Kdgar HalEtead, Mas
ter R. Halstead. Miss H. Halstead. Mrs. S. XV.
Hamm. Ml?s Alice Knapp. P. M. McLane, Miss
[* McKillikan. J. XV. Mason, Commander N'ib
lock. U. S. N . M. K. Suber. W. W. Sutch. J.
ti. Smith. M. B. Wood, Miss C. Alexander. E.
F. Bifhop. J. L. Campbell, Mrs J. Kisenmann,
Mr* \V. II. Edgar. Mrs. M. Holmes. Mrs. Edgar
Halsttad. Lucia Halstead. Miss H. <*. Iliteh-
D. P. R. lEenbenr, Mrs. G. XV. Law
rence. J. Mcl-ean, W. P. Miller, J. B.
Newport, M. M. CShaughnesty. Mrs. M.
K. Euber, L. J. Scrcpy. R. A. Wood
ward, Miss Ethel Barr. Mrs. E. F. Bishop.
J. H. Dotiklns, Miss A. Eis;nmann, Mr.
Franzlus. L. H. Howland. Master J. E. Hal-
Btead. M. Halstead. S. W. Hamm. Miss Tina
Keith, Robert Levers, T. McLecd. Miss Helen
MIHer. Mrs. J. B. Newport. Mrs. C. C. Per
klr.s. Miss G. guber, Mrs. L. M. J. Scropy,
Mli-8 L. Williamson.
Yokohama — Mrs. Charles II. Banes, M. H.
Hicks-Ueach. Count A. de Van der Burch,
Lieutenant H. L. Bingay. B. Campbell, Mrs.
B. Campbell, faster Robert L. Campbell, En-
Flgn II. D. Chllds. T. S. Darling. Mrs. T. S.
Darling. Miss G. F. Draper and child. Master
i;. H. Drai*r. Mies Winifred Draper. Hon.
John Fergnscn. C. M. G., MiS3 Ferguson, Dr.
J. X. Gardiner, Miss Marguerite Glover, H
Ho. F. Julian, T. H. Towell, Mrs. T. H. Towell
and child.
made up of the richest product
of the Far East In the big steamship'
capacious holds were stored silks, tea,
spices and other Oriental merchandise in
endless variety, for the local demand and
the markets of New York and Europe.
There were 831 bales of raw silk. This
shipment alone represents a market value
of more than $500,000. The cargo also In
cluded 40,000 rolls of matting.
Among the Korea's passengers were
many people of prominence; some, dis
tinguished foreigners who have been
serving their countries in the Far East
and others engaged in globe trotting for
recreation or business. Lieutenant H. L.
Bingay and Dr. Napier Gardiner of the
British army crossed the Paciflc on the
liner. They are going to London on leave
of absence.
Quite a number of prominent Honolulu
people came up on the Korea.
The passenger list included the follow
ing named:
From Hongkong— George Cajnpbell. Mrs.
Oeorge Campbell, Mrs. R. P. l^utz and child.
Dr. AV. W. Markoe. E. A. McCubbin, XV. A.
Sutherland. Mrs. W. A. Sutherland.
Shanghai— Mrs. Bull, Miss Mary Bull, Miss
Margaret Bull. Mrs. L. J. Doolittle, C. XV.
Mills. L. Mooser.
Kobe— Mrs. N. C. Casselberry, J. W. Hunt,
S. lol, P. H. L>annan.
THE Pacific Mail Company's liner
Korea, which arrived yesterday
morning from the Orient, brought
a cargo of 6100 tons dead> weight
The schooner II. C. Wright sailed yesterday
for Mahukor.a with- a general merchandise
cargo, valued at $i:>,484, and including the fol
lowing: SCO bbls flour, 61 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 41,270 lbs beans, 122 bales hay. 42
ctls oats, 18,223 Its middlings, 01,547 lbs bran.
110 ctla wheat, 2C0 lbs butter, 3«10 lbs lard,
2450 lbs bread, 275 lbs 2 cs cheese, 17 bxs fresh
fruit, IMS bxs paste. 2S23 ctls barley, 87 cs
canned goods, 013 lbs ham and bacon, 372 lbs
meals, 5300 lbs salt, 2686 lbs sugar, 110 cs
canned salmon, 15 bbls picklt-d salmon, 500 lbs
codfish, 32 cs table preparations, ltiO gals 1 ca
wine, a crts onions, ib'J bxs soap, 9 coils rope,
1 r>kg machinery, £0 i-oils wire, 20 bbls lime,
74 bars 0 pkss Iron, 20 crts potatoes, 37 pkgd
paints and oils, 50 kf>cs nails, BOO posts, 150
tons 43 pks coal, 100 cs coal oil, 10 bdls paper,
1 ton coke.
A Cargo for Mahukona.
190 pkes raisins, 2231 lbs nut?. 10,875 lbs su
gar, SO pkgs paste, 16.625 lbs 20 pkgs prepared
fish, 25,000 lbs rice, 15,000 Its shrimp shells,
311 pkgs dry goods, 220 cs boots and shoes, li
cs hats, 13B pkgs drugs and sundries. 2U.140
lbs tobacco. 328 cs cigars and ciearettes, 07
pkgs machinery, 119 pkss wagon material, 80
pk?s paints and oils, 502 pkgs paper, 3S bdls
338 dcs iron, 83 bdls G3S pes steel. 217 pkgs
electrical supplies, 27 pkgs rope. 10,115 lbs
rosin, 54* bxs soap, 83 bdls shooks. 17 pkgs
saddler.V and harness, 14 bales twins, 30 sks
coal, ICO sks coke. It) cs arms and ammuni
tion, U cs rubber goods, 4 cyls gas, 7 tins
matches, 22 pkgs leather, 120 bxs candles, BOO
bags sulphate of ammonia. 10 bbls plaster
parls, 151 pkgs mlllwork, 50 kegs nails, 1 flask
qulck?IIver.
PENDLETON, Or., Nov. 9.— The second
annual session of the Oregon Irrigation
Association commenced here this morn
ing. State President A. H. Dean of Port
land occupying the chair. The proceedings
opened with an address by President De
vers. As ¦ he concluded he Introduced
Mayor Hailey, who delivered the address
of welcome, which was followed by re
sponses from Governor George R_ Cham
berlain of Oregon and former Governor
T. T. Geer. The convention promises to
be full of interest and productive of ma
terial results.
Second Annual Session of the Asso
ciation Begins in City of
Pendleton.
GOVERNOR ADDRESSES
OREGON IRRIGATIONISTS
In making the trip down the coast, of
course, the Southern Pacific Company
furnishes the Ripley special with an en
gineer, whose duty it will be to remain in
the cab with the Santa Fe man and ad
vise the latter as to curves, bridges,
grades and stepping places along the line.
President Ripley, Vice Presidents Ken
dricks and Morton and General Manager
"Wells of the Santa i"e road departed for
Monterey last evening. They will remain
there to-day and then proceed south to
Los Anjreies. So far as the memory of the
local ofScials extends President Ripley's
party Is the first one to ride over the lines
of the Ilarrircan syndicate in a car hauled
by a foreign engine. The Ripley train yes
terday was not only made up of Santa
Fe cars, but was in tow cf a Santa Fe
engine, brought here from Needles ex
pressly for that purpose. It is usually
the custom cf a'l big railroads to oper
ate all trains and specials over their own
territory with their own engines and
when the representatives of a "foreign"
company arrive wlthm the jurisdiction of
the local concern the latter promptly fur
nishes an engine of Its own to take the
place of the one that brings the special
up to the other company's terminal and
pilots the train over its system. This has
always been the custom on the Southern
Pacific Company's iines end would per
haps have been followed out yesterday
had not President Ripley wired for one of
hi;- own company's locomotives. Having
plenty of motive power available on this
coast and fully appreciating the present
predicament of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, whose supp'y of locomotives has
been lately insutlioient to meet the re
quirements of overland traffic. President
Rjpley suggested the advisability of using
a Santa Fe engine, one of which was
hurried up from the Needles and trans
ported across the bay for service on the
coast line of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
After taking the Kerr to an anchorage
In Tucker Bay, the Escort No. 2 returned
to aid the Georgian. She finally pulled
the stranded barge into aeep water and
took her to Union Bay. She is leaking
badly and will have to be either beached
or docked.
After the two barges had knocked
around for a time the hawser on the
Georgian sr.aDDed and she was carried
toward the Texada Island shore. Hav
ing to care for the Kerr, the Escort No. 2
could not go to the rescue of the Geor
gian and the craft finally landed upon
the shore, where she bumped about on
the rocks.
The barges got beyond the control of
the tug while in Sabine Channel, and the
result was a collision caused by the Kerr
running across the bows of the Georgian.
The barges came together with a crash
in the high running sea which prevailed
at the time.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 9.— The tug
Escort No. 2, which left Vancouver yes
terday for Union Bay, with the barges
Georgian and Kerr in tov.-, had a strenu
ous time in last night's storm.
F. Delgado was Spanish stenographer in
the Manila Court of Land Registration
and during the stormy times through
which his land lately passed was attached
to the staff of General Luna. J. Ramos
was a deputy governor of Talbac and H.
Valberas was for a time Governor Taft's
confidential clerk. A number of them have
been schoolteachers, and all seem to be
thoroughly alive to the value of an Amer
ican education. v
After becoming acclimated at Los An
geles and before being distributed among
the schools and colleg-es of the country
the students will be . taken to the St.
Louis Exposition and allowed to observe
some of the wonders there displayed.
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, ercept when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Ninety-six Filipino students arrived
here yesterday on the liner Korea, "they
are here as wards of Uncle Sam, at whose
expense they crossed the Pacific and from
whose pocketbook they may draw at the
rate of $500 a year until such time as they
"have acquired the kind of an education
with which the average American boy Is
armed for the battle of life. They are in
charge of William A. Sutherland, in
whose care they were intrusted by the
Insular Government. The Grand Hotel
sheltered them last night and to-day they
will be taken to Los Angeles, where they
will remain, attending the schools of the
southern city, until acclimated, when
they will be distributed throughout the
country.
These student3 were selected from
among the brightest of the youths of the
archipelago. They all speak English of a
fairly useful kind, Spanish and their .^na
tive tongue. Six provinces are represent
ed In this band of students, and most of
the young men are memhers of good fam
ilies. Some of them bear names distin
guished in their own land and not un
known in the busy Occident, and a few
of them have occupied positions of im
portance.
Will Be Educated in Ameri
can Colleges at Govern
ment Expense.
Hawser Snaps After Collision
and One Vessel Is
Stranded.
Southern Paciflc Furnishes
Engineer to Supply
Information.
Santa Fe Engine Hauls
Special Over Harri-.
man Tracks.
Ninety-Six Filipino Stu
dents Arrive on the
Korea.
Tugboat Has an Exciting
Time in Sabine
Channel.
RIPLEY DEPARTS
FOR MONTEREY
BARGES CRASH
IN THE STORM
HERE AS WARDS
OF UNCLE SAM
THE SAN FKAKClfecO CALL, TUESDAY, KotEMBER 10, 1903
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner Korea Reaches Port With a
Cargo That Weighs More Than 6000 Tons arid Includes in
Rich Variety the Most Valued Products of the Far East
BRINGS SILKS AND SPICES
FROM SHORES OF THE ORIENT
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of, itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
.To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in > it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over the world.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
J&S&tF&s wA% 1 »* 1 t»5\v
Positively cnred by these
Uttle Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
3 Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
- j feet remedy for Duziness, Nausea, Drawsi-
! ness, Bad Taste in tie Mouth, Coated Tongcs
J Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
r Regulate the Bowels Purely Vegetable.
¦ Small PHI. Small Dose.
1 Small Price.
I OCEAN" TEAVEL.
i ~
>*Tc~c55n. Steamers leave San Fraa-
• /Q^ —^^?\ c! "co as follows:
- A/W*^«^ /\'- { \ For K'tchlkan. Wran&il.
, /4/ WSRga V*» Juneau. Halnes, Skagwav.
' I I YraSA ) I S tc - o Ala * ka — H a. m-. Nov.
V>v\\ ~ sSl Change to company's ¦tearo-
» V<^^— — ¦^Oy * rs al Seattle.
¦ ! N <£TS»Jj>' For Victoria, Vancouver.
¦ ..„.>, Port Townsend. Seattle Ta-
1 coma Everett. Whatcom-ll a. m. XoV. 7.
1 ,Z\ • *¦*¦• "'• *"*¦ 2— Clianire at Seattle t»
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
J «y. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P Ry • a*
1 Vancouver to C. P. Ry. "
For Kureka (ilumbcldt Eay) — Pomor.a. 1 -30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 12. IS. 24. 50 Dec. 6: Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Nov. ft. 15 21. 27 Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
• Redor.do). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
' I Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m
J State of California. Thursdays ft a. m.
For Los Angeles tvla San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obiapo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coo* Eay ft a. m. . Xov 0 17 25 Dec. 3.
I Bonita. » a. m.. Nov. 5. 13 21. £0. Dec. 7.
1 For Ensenada, Magdalena Say. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
• salla. Guaymas (2I»x.). 10 a. nx. 7th of each
. month.
. For further Information obtain folder.
' Right la reserved to change steamers cr sail.
' Ins dates.
I 7ICX£T OFFICES — 4 New Montffom-
i ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
. Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NAXN'. General Passenger Agen^
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails No. 9. 19. 29. Dec. 9, 19.
29. "George XV. Elder"' eailg. Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14. 21. Only steamship lino to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points Kast. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or stcamphlp and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer nails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pa.is.
• Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery
AMERICA LIHE.
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Et.Louts.Nov.l4,9::?0 am!5t.Paul.Nov.2S.9:3O am
N.York.Nov.21. 9:30 amJPhila. . .Dec. 5. 0:30 am
SPFflAI VfynfF Comrner - cil:! ° November 7tn.
OILtlAL iW 1IVC American Line steamer*
will sail on Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.. instead oi
on Wednesdays at 10 a. m.. as heretofore. The
steamers will continue to sail on Saturdays
from Southampton at 12 o'clock noon and from
Cherbourg at 5 p. m.
ATIAIITIC TBAIT3P0ET U1TE.
New York — London Direct.
M'n't'a.Nov.l4.1:30 pm IMinne'ha.Nov. 2S. noon
Min'polis.Nor. 21. 7 am iMcnominae. Dec.5,9aju
Only First-class Passensc("r<» Carried.
BOMIKIO2T UNE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Nov. 23/Cambroman Dec. 5
Boston Mediterranean *>««*«
I AZORES — NAPLEri — GENOA.
Vancouver 1 Sat., Xov. 21
SSD STAB LINE.
Kew Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
Vad'ld.Nov.l4,l(>:30 amlZeeVd.Nov.2S. 10:30 am
Kr"nld.Nov.21,10:30 amiFinland.Dec.5.10:C0 am
WHITE STAS USE.
Zfew Tork — Qneeascown — LlverpooL
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armenian. Nov.1 7. ."{ pm [Teutonic. Xov. 25. noon
Oceanic. .Nov. 19, 5 am Cedrle. .Dec. 2. 2:30 pm
Cymric. .Nov. 20, 6 ami Arabic. Dec. 9. 9:30 am
Boston — Queen atowa — Liverpool.
Cretic Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 2-1, Jan. 2S. Feb. 25
bostoi: Mediterranean ssbvxcb
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5, Jan. 1«. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 2rt
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paciflc Coast.
2i Post St., San Francisco.
hfJ^VClEZS. MARSEILLES. CCNQA^i i
P| HAPLE.S & ALEXANDRIA.' lUTrPT. jJM
ROMANIC. Dec. 5. Jan. 16. Feb. 27. ApL 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in Medi-
terranean service.
First class. $73 and $S0 upward, according
to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool Queen. 3 *™
CRETIC Dec. 10. F«h. 11
CYMRIC Dec. 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 23
First class, $63 upward. For plans, etc..
ad8i«M
WHITE STAR LIME. 77-S1 Stats «t.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Pott st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHaT
(ORIENTAL, STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steanwrs will leave wharf, ccrne- First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamer* for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. 8. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1303
S. B. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1903
B. 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
-.; "Wednemday. December 3O. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
rates. Fcr freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General. Agent
oeeanics.s.co. hsSSKse
8. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Nov. 19, 2 p. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 28. 11 a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. 11 a. m.
At lPlEClUJ4BI3Jl.C3,Ajjtx..TW!t 21*8,843 lartaa
p fn^8ackUSfiarbtSL.FIsrfa.7.fci&St
C0SPAGNI2 GEXSKALE THAN3ATLANT1QD2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. "
Sailing every Thursday Instead cf^SGjJi
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •«¦»£*
North River, foot of Morton street.
• First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-clcss to Havre, 145 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Eroadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J- F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fracnlsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FIUSBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m. n . Sunday. Sun-
day. T a. m., 4i:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. T»l.
Main 150S. Pier 2. Mlsaton-sC dock. HATCH
BROS.
lEEKIJCALk
l€n>ages. $1 pep Yeas'
¦ -LOCAL MARKETS.
Receipts of Cranberries from the East are in
creasing and prices show a wider range. Coos
S^ lots are closely cleaned up and firmly
held Receipt* of Raspberries and Strawber
rtes wereVery light, being less < than: 60 chests.
I^ng^orth Strawberries continued Jo sell at a
widt range as to quality and sales by the single
draweVVere reported at 70c. Large Strawber
ries and Raspberries cleaned up - quickly at
sharply advanced prices. Receipts of other de
ciduous fruits were light. ' but prices had little
change as th<> demand for local : use -was light
and there was very little Inquiry, for shipping.
Poor Apples continued abundant and dull, while
the better * grades were ; in fair i request t, and
steady. A ¦ carload of fancy Newtown ; Pippins
was ; received * from ' .WatsonvlHe ? and . was of
fering at Jl 25 per box. - Grapea in large. boxe«
arrived freely and sr considerable portion of the
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nor. »-— WHEAT— WaJl*
Walla. 73074c; bluestem. 77C7Sc; valley. 78c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Saloon Man Says He Is Guilty.
SAXJKAS. Not. 3.— William Dougherty,
whose saloon near this place was made
the rendezvous for alleged train robbers
and who was arrested and held to an
swer on a charge of receiving stolen
goods, when arraigned this morning in
the Superior Court pleaded guilty. Th«
passing of sentence was deferred. Charles
Graves was held to answer on a charge or
burglary In connection with the aaaw rob-
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FolloTrtng were the salas on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 12 2C0 Savage, 'j 8
300 Caledonia 1 W W"0 Savage . . ig
100 Con Cal & Va.1 05 500 Sierra Nevada 38
- 3CO Exchequer ... 13; 100 Unlcn Om ... <>
200 Mexican Slj 300 Union Ct>n ... 50
BOOBulUcn 55 011 I*
2C« Caledonia ....1 1C 400 Potosi 13
300 Con Cal & Va.1 10 200 Savage %¦;
20O Confidence : . . 75 1000 Sierra Xevada ZS
100 Gould * Curry 24 600 Stiver Hill . . 57
' 300 Justice 04j 100 Union Con . . 4S
1C0 Occidental ... 281
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pactnc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
.. ;¦•.-. ' Morning S«asion.
200 Belcher .....: 12 200 Overman .... 21
3C-0 Bullion <W 600 Potesi ....... n
100 Caledonia 1 05 200 Savage ... - ig
100 Caledonia • .1 07H 100 Sierra Nevada 37
2O0 Gould A Carry 24 100 Silver Hill . . 53
300 Gould & Curry '23. 200 Union, Con .. .49
400 Mexican . "91 400 Union Con .. ¦«
. ..Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ....1 06 100 Ophir 1 sn
200 Caledonia . .1 D7H 200 Poto-i .:.;... 13
10O Con Cal A Va.1 05 .VO Savage - . . . . . i 7
200 Con New Tork 05 700 Sierra Nevada 36
200 Gould & Curry 2* 40O Union Con ..-• 47
100 Mexican ...-..• SO; . j
TONOPAH iaNINO EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on . the Tocopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
-j; - Morning Session.
JOOOEsperanxa .... 02 1 100 Reacae '".../.. 04
500 Mont Ton.... 82 1 100 Ton A Cat..; 23
SCO Rescue 051- - -
SEATTLE. Nov. 9.— Clearings, IS31.090- bal
ances. $200,897. "
PORTLAND, Nov. 9.— Clearings, $974 2SS
balance*. $9S,841. v" '?**'
TACOMA. Nov. 9.— Clearings. $123,959- bal
ances. 151.744. • ~; _ .
SPOKANE. Nov. 9. — Clearings. 1512 443
balances. S113.522. ? alz -« 3 .
Northern Bttsiness.
NEW TORK. Nov. 9.— The cotton market
closed steady at a net decline of 7 to IS points.
New. York Cotton Market.
FOR MOXDAT. NOVEMBER 9.
Flour, qr sacks. 15.703/Ehorts. sacks. . "00
Wheat, centals. S*5; Feed, sacks .... 500
Barley, centals . 1Q.45.V Tallow, centals . 21 1
Dat5. centals..^;.- - S5: Pelts, number . 3^5
Beans, sacks ... 2.520 Hides, number . 504
Potatoes, sacks. 7.7S0 Raisins. . boxes '. 1 700
Onions,- sacks ... • 215 Quicksilver, fisk* 10
Bran, sacks. ... l.f«0 Leather, rolls .. - 44
Hay, tons ..... 633 Wine, gallons. . 34 Q(*i
Hops, bales ... , 22:? Sugar, centals. . 1 050
Wool, bales .... » Brandy, gallons 23' 650
Screenings, sks. 200 U me, barrels .. - \s*
;-OREGOX. -'¦'
Flour. <ir sacks. 7.2«» Bran, sacks... J S.34S
Wheat, centals. f . .".«' Middlings, *acks 300
¦Barley. ; centals.-... -650 Phorts, sacks... 1250
Oats, centals... : l.ttajFeed, sacks.... 450
Potatoes, sacks . j 2.699! . ;
.WASHINGTON.'
Flour.- qf sks..' 32.554JBran, sacks ..! 12.144
Wheat, centals.:- 9,375 Groats, : sacks... ¦ 350
Barley, centals. - 55ffl Screenings. - sks. 638
Oats, centals... 3.2571 ;/_
. EASTERN.
Flour, qr sacks. 420
Receipts of Produce.
KAKSAS CITX Mo.. Nov. fc-SheriS
Love of Klngnsher County. Oklahoma,
created a sensation to-day by serving a
warrant on J. W. Hoover, a prominent
local business man, and agent of on Ohio
bridge company, on an indictment re
turned at Oklahoma charging him with
xenrder. The Indictment gTew oat of the
wreck of a bridge built by Hoover's
company in which two men were killed.
Hoover says he has never been In Kins
fisher County, and his attorney has
wired Governor Dockery urging the lat
ter to refuse to grant requisition papers.
•ff H Ti«g« City Man Held to Account
for an Accident in Okla-
BBIDGE BTJTXDEB IS
INDICTED FOB MURDER
ST. LOUIS. Not. 9.— Wool, steady. Medium
prades refining- and combing:. 19® 21c; light
fine. 15HG17C: heavy flse, 12@15c; tub washed
20630c.
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
Receipts of Butter were large, as will b« seen
below, and were chiefly from Humboldt. > though
the San Joaquin creameries, which have hith
erto been shipping to Los Angeles, sent in some
liner, as this market at present rules better
for them than th« South. Fine creameries
were so well cleaned ¦ up. however, that the
market absorbed the large receipts without dif
ficulty, and in fact most dealers quoted a firmer
market.
Cheese continues in good supply and more or
less weak, with Oregon a consignor of targe
lines to local housee. • _
There i. is,, no change in Eggs. The demand
and supply about balance at the moment, and
the market Is steady. _ „¦
Receipts were W.CCO lbs Butter, 57e cases
Efrjrs and 970O lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 3Og3_cfor extras and
28©2Sc" for seconds; dairy. Zl«f2.>c: store But
terT 17%«?U>c: cold storage. 24g2t3c; Eastern.
23625c oer lb , - . -" .- . -
CHEESE — 12S12%c for the general market.
13S13U6 for select mild new and llgli^c for
lower grades; Young Americas. 13H«14c; East
ern. 15'*4$16Hc; Western, 14gl5c per lb. :
EGGS—vRanch. 40@43c for choice and 35©
ariic for 6mall and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storage. 27^S30c: Eastern. 2S33OI
for fresh and 25<g30c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Nov. ».— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, Nov. 7, as compUed by the
New Tork Produce Exchange. Is as follows
Wheat. 22.155.000 buehels — increase. 2.839 too
bushels; corn, 7.760,OX> buchels — increase. 444 -
000 bushels: oats, 9.249,000 btwheJe— increase
268.000 bushels; rye. 1.77S.00O bushels—in
crease. M0, 000 bushels: barley, 4,903,000 bush
els—increase, 1000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
New York Firm Tails "With Liabili
ties at More Than a
Million.
CHICAGO. Nor. 9.— Sutter Bros., leaf
tobacco merchants with branches In Ha
vana. New Tork. St. Looia and Chicago,
¦went Into voluntary bankruptcy to-day.
The Title and Trust Company was ap
pointed receiver. The liabilities ar«
placed at $1300,000. with assets exceeding
that figure by tUOOOJXO.
The officers of the corporation, which is
one of the largest in the West, are Louis
P. Sutter, president, and Adolph Sutter.
secretary and treasurer. There are six
brothers In the company, which Is Incor
porated for $300,000-
SUITES BB.0THERS
GO INTO BAHTEBUPTCY
j--.'k— •>-'¦->¦ High. Low. c.u**.
AtchHon 2O.7O1) 65*4 «*\ C4S
Atrhlson pf<*. »*> 1*1*4 SSI) i>f»H
Bstt 4fe Ohio ll.er* 7«S 75H 75S
Pacific .. J.sr«j n» " us'.; US
cf N 3 135
Di^t ohlc ..... soo »h »H, »%
Chicago 4 Alton .. 2O0 2SH 2S«4 2*«^
<\." A Alton prd 45%
<-*.:<. A; Gt W«t.. 500 15U 1«S J<"»
C * G W B pfd a«^»
a" « ."; W SOO 1CSH 163H !»*
NEW YOP.K STOCK LIST.
Quicksilver Exports.
~t* 'c'.l<ytc\nt shows the exports of Quick
-. ¦ tt txtom Saa Francisco by sea In October:
T» Fluka. Vslues-
Ctina 1625 $65.W«>
>ran 250 10.150
v* York 1000 44.000
IZexfc* 125 5.402
-rr.b'.a « 2C3
«--.rtl America 1 43
rttia* Columbia 1 44
itonohfla _1 44
Totals 3009 $123,445
In October. 1902. the experts were 1403
"*'ks, valued a* $53.2*1. In that month 1P00
-« went to • "r..:.a and 535 to Mexico.
Weather Report.
« 120th Meridian— Padao Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 9—5 p. m.
Tte following are the seasonal rainfalls to
c*t». as cocperel with those cf the same dat*
*st season and rainfall In last twenty-four
r ¦ \.t* : '
Last This Last
Statics* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.22 6.«S &-*2
Red Blui 0.00 1.94 S-S9
.Sacramento 0.00 0.70 2.M
San Francisco Trace 0.72 2.<W
Fr»eno 0.00 0.»* 0.56
Independence 0.00 Trace 0.33
Saa Luis Oblfpo ... 0.«0 0.0>5 2.0S
Um Angelet 0.00 0.43 0.33
S»n Diego 0.00 0.C5 0.38
THK COAST liECORD.
•" i 2 2 i i i
I II If 51 fi l
.. * * -»: . r ¦ * •_
ti&kT 30.02 32 3 SE. Clear .22
'^r»er. ».!X$ S«J 1« W Cloudy .'."0
'•KuiTka 30.2* K 40 N Clcudy .22 !
I-arallcs: 30.13 «0 54 NW near .00
Fresno 30.14 60 40 NW Clear .00
TU«ita!T 30.04 £8 18 W Oear .00
ItidepeEdence 3S - ... 1
• Lo* Angeles '. .29.6* 78 60 W Clear .00
Mt. Tan-.aip*Is.3«.12 M SS NW Cloudy T.
North Head ..3U.12 4* 44 NW Cloudy .32
ttioeit 2a. RS 80 SO W Oear .00
Pocatello ....29.S0 3S 18 E «?aow .02 !
Portland 30.14 50 48 FW Pt.Cidy .42 ]
Point Reyes - .30.10 T-<I 12 NW Cloudy .00
lied Bluff ...-30.04 £2 40 N Cloudy .<*>]
Rovebur* 30.28 •«* :¦.*¦ :v Rain .5»j
¦'-fccranwcto ..30.10 H4 S4 S Cloudy .Oft ¦
Sait Lek» ...23.W) « M FE Cloudy .00 '
is»n rrar^iPco.Sn.M W 4« W .Cloudy T. I
?. U Obispo.. 30.12 G8 '-44 N Clear .00 1
f*« IXego 23.66 €S 62 NW Clear .00
• flattie Srt.fM 4« 42 FE Pt.CIdy .50
Spokane 29.^4 4O 52 P'W ri^aay .SS
T*too*h £9.&« 44 .. FW P_a:n .84
Walia Walla.. 2S».!*: 4* 3» FW Pt C.fiy OS
Wir.cen-.ucca .2S>.i*> 12 10 W Rain T.
Yuma 2&.?i« S9 K N Ciear .00
TVEATHER CONDITTONS AXD GENERA!*'
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen racldly over the en- j
tire western half cf the country except along !
the coa«t cf Washington, where there has been
a slight rise.
• Ra:n and possibly enow may be expected I
Tuesday la the Sierra* aad eastward to the I
Rocky Mountain*. . - - .
There ha* b*>en a moderate fall In tenipera
k ture over the northwestern portion cf the coun
•ry and east-bour-i travelers may expect tem
l*rarures n*ar the lr«»-i'.ag point ficra Sum-
Kit eastward to Ogden.
• Tt<> followlr-g fcigh w'.2>is ar* reported: Point
n»>->M. Usiln per hour, from the corthweat; J
Mount Tarnaljuu*. 53. northwest; North Head
£2. northwest; Winn^mucca, 36, weet; Carson,
ML west; PocateUo, St5. east.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco lor thirty
hours ending midnight, November 10:
Northern California— Clearing Tuesday, fresh I
northerly wind*; cooler frcm Sacramento sooth, j
ward-
Southern Cailforsts, — Cloudy Tuesday; fresh 1
southwest wind*.
Nevada — 6now la Borthem portion Tuesday,
clowfly la eouthern portion; much cooler; brisk
m-**tterly winds.
Fan Frasrtsr-o and vldnity — O.oclr Tuesday;
northweft winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
\ EASTERN MARKETS. |
* *•
AYtr York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. ».— The cotsticned llqui- |
¦ ¦•:¦ t. in the United £tate« Steel securities j
again overshadowed the whole stock market \
to-41a.y. The sympathetic response In the gen- ,
ml market was very (light and the effect
of the »peclal movement in United States Ste»l
was rather to repress the trading', than to de
press the tone. The n-.arket as a whole was
extremely sluggish and unimportant. The
condition tn the tnoney rr.a-V. t had Its share
in rep; CTrtnr activity, and the traditional dis
position rn Wall vtrvet to pause and take ob
servation* cpon the acvezsbiicg of Congress
was alK> ev.fjent. There was a feeling that
the proc«*<Jir.gs in Congress s»y take a turn
to which active Interest rr.aj attach la Wall
vtrvrt. All tfcrve of the active securities of
• - - United States Steel Corporation during the
day fell loww thaa ever be-fcr*. th«» preferred
rtock at S0%. -* • common at 1O% and the
r : bonds at <" . In the case of the bonds
*nl the common trtock the previous low record*
L>*t»> barely shaded at these figures and the
'trsr.sactlons in them were not particularly
noticeable. In the preferred stock, bxnrever.
there vu a constant outpouring of offerings
a.U fay aad an unending ruccessicm of offerings
¦ cf 1000-efcare blocks and upward. The special
soure* cf this selling was much of a mys
tery at :.'A times, but th« manner cf the **;!
•.rSg gav* color to the rcrpoiltlon that a very
large account was In prx»oe*« of liquidation.
Officials cf the corporation denied the numer
ous rrpcTts of heavy ctru In price*, but this
did ntt prevent the general conviction that
Trices throughout the trade would be readjust
ed to the new basis fixed by the reduction In
•te»l bUl*U. In a general way It was argued
that since the restraint tinder the rise of price
cf »t*«l had availed to conserve the consump
tive <3»rrAr.'5 there was reason to doubt wbether
the i«1ce reduction will restore the demand.
Tne street was flooded with rumors and calcu
lations bas*<5 en theories a* to the elect ca
the eamir^s c? the rorporatioa and Ma cons*
qnent dividend paying power on the sew ba«U
of prices. AH of this was of course based
ca very iB-.jwrfect data, but was nevertheless
an fffectire influence upm sentiment regard
ing the *ecurf-ie*. There was a special up
ward • movement in New York corporation
docks wtlch «w unexplained. The Colorado
miners' strike affected some of the stacks ef
the corpora tlocs concerned. The epedal 'beavj
-«¦*« of Pecr.rrlvania due to the expanding
vorcnie of bond Issues by subsidiary compa
r.ies and the death cf a prominent Philadelphia
capitalist, tt was raid, might also be a con
tributory cause.
The market closed about steady at the de
cline
Ttiri«1s were <5ull and Irregular. Total sales.
J 1. 929. 000.
United States 2« and 2» and old 4s declined
»j per cent on the !a»t calL •
Copper advanced 7s 6d in London, spot there
closing at £58 2e 6d and futures at £57 12s
6d. Locally copper remains quiet. Lake quoted
at 13.62%c and 13.75c, electrolytic -*t 13.62%c
and casting at 13.60c.
Lead was steady at unchanged prices at
St 50 in New York and at £11 2s 6d in London.
Spelter declined 2s 6d in London, closed at
£21. while In New York it was unchanged and
steady at $«.
Iron cloeed at 48s 9d in Glasgow and at 42s
10%d in Middieeboro. Locally iron was dull
and unchanged. No. 1 foundry Northern, $153
16; No. 2 foundry Northern. $14 25@15; No 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft. $14@14 25.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. — Tin was quiet In
London at £116 15s for futures and £115 15s
fcr spot. Locally tin was steady at $25 25g
23 60.
New York Metal Market.
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed
and met with a good demand at steady prices.
Two more cars were reported close at hand
and scheduled for to-day's market. Receipts
of domestic etock were very light, as usual on
Monday, and prices were largely nominal.
Game arrived freely and cleaned up quickly
under a steady demand.' Mallard Ducks were
quoted lower, but all other descriptions were
unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lSg20c per lb for
your.r and 14016c for old; Geese, per pair,
$1 75<g2; Goslinss, $2g2 25; Ducks. $4©5 per
dozen for old and $5fi6 for young; Hens/ $4 50
O5 10 for small and $3 50-a G SO for large;
young Roosters. S5g5 50: old Roosters. $4 50
©5; Fryers, $4 0OS3: Broilers, <$3 5054 for
large and* $3£3 60 for small; Pigeons, %1Q
I 25 per dozen for old and $2©2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Duck*. $5Qt$ 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $4g7 50: Sprig. $4«4 60; Teal,
S2g2 50; Widgeon. ?2@2 W>: email Dacks.
$1 60<g2; Gray Gees*, $383 50; White Geese.
$1@2- Brant, $1 BO for small and $2 50 for
large; English Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 75;
Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cotton
tails aad $1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25@1 00.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 6U0
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%©7c. according to
quantity. ' - .
3UGAP.— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. la 100-ib ba«-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6 *5<- •
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 6.70c- Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c: Dry Granulated coar«e
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C 5 10c-
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c moi> !
half barrels, 25c more; boxes, SOc mor- 50-lb
bags. 10c more to all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, . 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c; H. ¦ ft E. Cry«taJ
Dcminos. S.5Oc per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or It* equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5©5%c; San Quentln.
6.55c; Wool Bags, 32f?35c; Fleece Twine 7%
e?c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%©7%e.
¦ COAL. — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $9: Seattle. $6 30; Bryant. $9 BO; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60: Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Cooa
Bay, $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Erg
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp!
Sll 60; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Coke. *n 509
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 200O lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OIL— Ltnteed. 49c fcr boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor Oil. In cases
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA, $1 1001 12; Lueol. 44^
for boiled and 42c for raw. in barrels; Lard
OIL extra winter strained, barrels. S3c; case*
90c:- China Nut. 63©70c per. gallon: pure
Neatsfoot. In barrels. 73c; cases. SOc; Sperm
pure, 75c; Whale OIL natural white. 60S35c
per gallon: Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c- cases
60c; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels, 68c for Ceylon
and 65c for Australian. -
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15%c: Pearl Oil Incases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star.
22c; Extra Star. 26c; Elaine, 2Sc; Eocene. 23c
deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk. 17c- In
cases, 23%c; Benzine." In bulk, 13c; in cases
19%c; 66-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c- in
cases. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE^ — SOc per gallon In cases an 3
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— CATTLE — Receipts.
21.000; Western, 2500. Slow. Good to prime
steers, $4 S©€5 70; poor to medium. $3 40t?
4 75; stockers and feeders, $2@4 25- cowg
$1 &O@4 25; heifers. $284 75; canners, $1 502
2 40; bulls. $2#4 23; calves, $2 5O@7 25; Tex
as fed steers, $2 50@3: Western steers, $3@4 23
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
18.000; &glGc lower. Mixed and butchers*.
$4 70®5 30; good to choice heavy. $4 6OJJ5 20
rough heavy. $4 40S4 75; light, $4 60©5 25*
balk of sales, $4 6&Q4 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, 35,000; sheep and Iambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, %3 10@4 85;
.fair to choice mixed. $2 6063; Western sheep.
$2g2 60; native lambs, $3 80©5 W; Western
lambs, $3 S0§5 06.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 5% 6 5% 6 3%
Closing 6 5% 6 4% 6 3?,
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 90 20 95
Closing 2© 90 20 »3
Flour —
Opening 30 00 28 65
Closing 30 00 28 65
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. 8©»c; Cows aad Heifers,
"gse; thin Cows, 4g3c per pound.
CALVES — 4©4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethtrs. 3%63%c; Ewes. 393%o
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Uve Hcgs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5%c; un
der 150 lbs. 5fi5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations..
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — G-gTc for Steers and 2@6e per lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large, 068c; small. 809c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%gS%c; Ewes, 7©Sc
per lb.
LAMB— 8®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hog?. T%e©e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are lower, owing to ample receipts and
a declining market at Western centers.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady. Creamery, 15@21c; dairy,
14«lS%c Eggs, firm. 21@23c. Cheese, steady,
lOeilc.
Receipts of Potatoes were unusually large,
aggregating over 10.000 sacks, and except for
choice Oregon Burbanks the market was very
quiet. The Oregon steamer brought down 2699
sacks, a large portion cf which were poor.
Good stock sold well at the quotations and a
few lots of exceptionally fine- stock brought
$1 12% per cental. Sweet Potatoes were in
free supply and rather easy at the previously
quoted rate. Fancy Onions were In small sup
ply and firmer, while common stock continued
abundant and dull at unsteady rates.
The feature of the vegetable market was
the arrival of the first consignment of Peas
and String Beans from Los Angeles. The stock
came to band In poor condition, having been
overheated in transit. Choice lots found ready
sale at good figures, but offerirs* In bad con
dition were hard ' to dispose of. although of
fered at 7*c£$l 25 per sack. Receipts of vege
tables from nearby points were moderate and
prices of most kinds were steady. Tomatoes
were Bnr.er under greatly decreased receipts,
and occasional sal«»s of strictly fancy stock
¦were reported at 75c per box and even higher.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 500
75c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 35 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanke, 75c£$l per ctl: River Reds,
&Ogt>5o per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 i5 per ctl.
ONIONS — 50<g90c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 24©3%c per
lb; String Beans, 2%fc3%c per lb; Wax. 2®
2%c: Lima Beans, 3%®4%c per lb: Tomatoes.
SSI* 50c per box; Summer Squash. 75c per box:
Cabbage, 60c per ctl ; Carrots. 75c per sack :
Cucumbers, «VS 75c per box: Garlic, 4@5c per
lb; Green Penpers. £5@40c per box for Chile
and 50©€0c for Bell: Green Okra. 6»8S5c per
boxf Egg Plant, 60S 60c . per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $10315 per tonrHubbard. $15£20.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
60 S F Gas ft Electric Co «8 00
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.103 50
$10,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.... 113 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent.. 114 60
$10,000 S P of C 6 per ct (1906. Sr B).1O3 25
$3000 S P ot C 6 per ct (1905. Sr A).1O2 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 149 50
15 Alaska Packers* Aasn 149 25
85 Mutual Electric Light 10 09
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 00
10 S F Gas ft Electric Co 68 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 6S 12%
90 S F Gas ft Electric Co 68 25
15 S F Gas ft Electric Co 69 37%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 62%
100 S F Gas ft Electric Co 68 73
10 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 68 50
$2000 S P C 1st eon 6 per ct (sUnpd).106 60
Street—
$2000 Nor Ry of Cal S per cent bonds. lit 50
$3000 S P of C 1st c 5 pr ct (stmpd).10S 50
Calif orniaStock andOil Exchange
011 Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma .... 1 30
Apollo 40 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. 20 24
Aztec .... 1 S3
California Standard * 11
Caribou 1 OS
Central Point Con .......... 65 ....
Chicago Crude 19 20
Claremont 24 30
Esperanza ....... ......... 1 SO .'...
Four ...................... .... 69
Fulton 4 12% ....
Giant .... 20
Hanford 139 00
Home 92% 95
Imperial ...... 13 CO
Independence 16 17
Junction 19 * 20
Kern 5 00 ....
Kern River ...» - IS CO
Lion 03 01
Monarch (of Arizona). 49 ....
Monte Cristo 80 ....
Occidental of W Va 17 18
Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 14 00 .... '
Pittsburg 23
Reed Crude 40 - ....
S F ft McKlttrick 2 75 . ....
San Joaquin O ft D 5 75 ....
Senator ...... 65 75
Sovereign .................. 37 39
Sterling 2 63 ....
Superior 05 04
Thirty-three .... 7 B0
Toltec 21 23
Twenty-eight 3 SO ....
West Shore 29O ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land ft Improrement. .... 1 SO
Alameda Sugar .... 29 00
American Biscuit .'. 95 00
American District Tel .... ....
Cal Gas ft Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mill S8 CO -
Cal Jockey Club ...... . .... 1C3 CO
Cal Shipping Co 23 00
Cal Title Ins ft Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. 60 00
Chutes Company 725 860
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 37%
Gas Consumers' Assn . 2250
Honolulu Sugar 14 60
Northern Cal Power 9 00
North Shore Railroad 6 CO ....
Orpheum Company 15 25 16 25
Pacific States Tel ft Tel 115 00
Paraffin* Paint 33 Oil
Ban Francisco Dry Dock . . 47 CO ¦
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 50 3 0O
Sausallto Land & Ferry.... 16 00 ....
Eperry Flour Company .... 27 50
Standard Electric 19 ©0
Tesla Coal Co .... 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar .~225O ....
United Gas v ft Electric 84 60 ....
SALES.
Morr.ins Session.
225 Home 92%
300 Caribou 1 C3
Afternoon Session.
200 Monarch :. 49
100 Home 95
- Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,400 19.400
Wheat, bushels 119.700 24.300
Corn, bushels 270.700 B00.0O0
Oats, bushels 244.90O 321,700
Rye. bushels 4.S0O 1,000
Barley, bushels 183.100 7.400
Cash quotations' were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 wheat. 78SS0%c; No.- 2 red. 7S%8
79c; No 2 corn, 43%c; No. 2 yellow. 44%c;
No. 2 oats, 35c; No. 3 white. 35fi37%c; No. 2
rye. 54 %c: good feeding barley, 37*i3&c; fair to
choice malting, 44@4Sc; No. 1 Caxseed. 90c;
No 1 Northwestern. 94c; prime timothy seed,
J2 S5; mew pork, per barrel. $11 37%'rfll 50:
lard, per 100 lbs. $6 95©6 97%; short ribs side*
ilocwe). $7 254x7 75; short clear sides (boxed),
$6 75§7; whisky, basis of high wines, *1 25;
clover, contract grade, $10 60^10 60.
Receipts of Beans were moderate, being
slightly over £000 sacks. The market showed
r.o chance, though rather more steadiness In
Limas was reported.
BEANS — Bayoe. $2 15^2 40; Pea. $3 23;
Butters $3 25; small White. $2 90@3 10; large
White. '$2 20@2 50; Pink. $2 10@2 30; Red.
J2 90@3: Lima, $2 75g2 »5; Red Kidneys. $4;
Blackeye. $2 10g2 23 P*r ct ll Horse Beans,
$1 * *
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard $2 75@2 SO; Flax, $1 70gl SO; Canary,
5S5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12Q13c; Rape,
I%e2%c: Timothy.. 6@6%c; Hemp, 3%@3ttc
per lb; Millet, 363%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20©
23 per ton- . ¦
DRIED PEAS — Green. .$1 8032 per etL
Beans and Seeds.
HTDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c: medium. 8c: light. 7%c; Cow Hides,
7%c for heavy; and 1*40 for light; Stags, 6c-
Salted Kip. »c: Salted VeaL 10c: Salted Calf,
•mjllc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Klp.l3c; dry Calf
fir; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25g30e each; short
Wool. 40360c each; medium, 7OS90c; long
Wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 15
for large and $2g2 50 for medium. $1 25Q1 75
for email and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
tl 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. S2c Goat Skies — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
35c : small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No.
2, 4c; grease, 2%€3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 94)
lie: Middle County. ll©12c; Northern Free.
11612c; Northern Defective. 10911c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12014c; Nevada. 133 lie: Ore
gon, fine, 18#19e; Oregon, medium, 17o per lb.
HOPS— 20©22Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Street —
Artldes^ — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — .
Dec. mew) 77% TS 77% 77%
May 7S% 78% 77% 77%
July 74% 74%. 74 74%
Corn No. 2 —
December 44% 44% 43% 43'»
May 43% 43% 42% 43%
July 43 43 42% *2!s
Oats No. 2 —
December 35% S5 34% 35
May 36% 36% 36 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 1190 12 00 1190 1197%
May 12 05 12 07% 11 97% 12 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December 6 90 6 92% 6 90 6 92%
January 6 S2% 6 90 6 S2% 6 87*,
May 6 80 6 S5 6 £0 6 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 20 6 27^ 6 20 6 25
May 8 30 635 630 635
Bran la lower under heavy receipts of 19,320
sacks chiefly from the north. Middlings are
steady and unchanged, the arrivals being
lighter than thos« of Bran.
There is enough Hay coming in to go
around, but not enough to weaken the- market,
and prices remain unchanged.
BRAN- $20«21 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— I26S2S per ton.
SHORTS— *2Of 21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24023 p«r
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 50; Job
bing $27627 60; Cocoanut Cake. $21©22; Corn
Meal'. $30«31; Cracked Corn, $30 50831 50:
Mixed Feed. $22 50©23 50; Horse -Beans. $30©
1/) r-er ion.
HAY— Wheat. $14216 50: Wheat and Oat.
$13 50ei6 50: Oat. $12 50#14 60; Wild Oat.
ill £0013 60; Barley. $ll©13. Stock, $10®ll;
Alfalfa, *10ei2 50 per ton
STRAW — 40gb5c per bale, |
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Chicago was somewhat higher, with smaller
receipts of Hcgs.
In this market Hams were reduced %o and
extra light Bacon advanced %c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb fcr
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light, 18>4c for sugar-cured and
19%c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 14%c; California Hams, 14%c; Mess
Beef $11 60 per bbl; extra Mess, $12312 50;
Family. $13£13 50: prime Mess Pork, $19; extra
clear. $25: Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork. 12% C ;
Pig Pork. $28: Pigs" Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef.
LARD-^Tlerces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and frg9%c for pure; half barrel*,
pure 34c; 10-lb tins. 9%@10c; 5-lb tins, 10%O
10% c: 3-lb tins. 10%ei0%e.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%e; three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
»c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras,. $4 C03
4 S5, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 9OS4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are- as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $434 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $^ 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60: Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75©3 10;
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Nor. 9.— December wheat opened
*4©%o lower at 7Sc to 77%c under the influ
ence of easy cables and liberal Northwest re
ceipts, together with tha fact that a la^ge
quantity of Dulath wheat was reported on its
way to this market. Heavy shipments and an
unexpectedly large increase in the visible aug
mented the initial pessimism and throughout
the remainder of the session there was little
demand save that coming from shorts with
profits in sight. All opUons closed weak. De
cember down *ic at 77>3®77%c.
Anticipation of a bearish Government report
to-morrow, easy cables and favorable weather
depressed corn, but the market was not an
active one. December closed %c down at 33»ic.
With increasing receipts and a slow cash
demand as a bearish basis, oats responded
readily to the wheat weakness early, but
steadied at the bottom and closed with some
of the early loss recovered. December %c down
at 34%c. . .
Buying of December lard for the foreign
account was the main support of the provision
market, although reports of a decreasing hog
supply were also influential. The dose was
firm, January pork 7%-c higher, lard 7%e up
and ribs 1>S7%c improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain^ Market.
Consols money . . S8 .N T Central..... 122 '
Do acct 88 3-lOjNor ft Western." 68%
Anaconda 3% Do prefd ....... 89
Atchiaoa 69%;Ontario ft West. 21
Do prefd 83 | Pennsylvania .... 62%
Balto ft Ohio ... "SKtRand Mines .... 9%
Canadian I'ac 122% Reading 23.
Coea ft Ohio 31% Do- Irtprefd... 39-
Chicago . G •• W 15% ¦ Do 2d prefd....' 31-
UeB-ers ."..;. 30 Southern Ry 18%
Denver ft R G...19% ¦ Do prefd ...... 76
Do prefd 70 Southern Pacific '." 43%
Erie '. .V. . .... .. . 2S»i Union Pacific ..: T4%
Do 1st prefd "... 63 Do prefd ...... 67
Do 2d prefd.... 50% V 8: Steel .:.-.:..:. 11*4
Illinois Or.tral ..1.*-%% Do prefd. AS •
Louie ft* NMb ..104 U"aba«h ........ 18%
Mo K ft Tex..... 17%) Do prefd ...... S4
¦'¦ ••¦--• ¦" * , - •.-'i*iiV'»*f'*«*fc r *C»te r IiSR
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
U S ref 2s reg... 106% !L ft N unif 4s... 88%
1>> wuo lCK>VManbat con g 4s 102 H
Do 3s reg 108 (Mexican Cen 4a.. 71%
Do coup 108 j Do 1st lnc .... 14
Do new 4s re«-.134%;Minn ft S L. 4s... 87
Do coup 134%;M K ft T 4s .... 97«i
Do old 4s reg.. Ill Do 2ds 75%
Do cons Ill pSr of Mex con 4a. 74
°<> »• ree 101% N T Cen an 3%s. 09%
Do coup 101%,N J Cen »en 5s.l30
Atchison gen 4s.. 100% Northern Pac 4s. 102
Do adjust 4s ... &6H! Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 91%|Korf ft W con 4s. P6%
Bait ft Ohio 4*...100%!(>r S L 4s ft part. 91%
Do 3%s 93%<Penn conr 3»4s...,O5ii
Central of Ga 5s. 104 (Reading gen' 4s »7
Do 1st *nc 66 'Et L&I M con 5s.Hl
Ches ft Ohio 4%s.l01% Ft L ft S F fr 4a. S2
Ctl ft Alton 3%s. 73 It L S W lsts.. 92
C B ft Q new 4s. »4 sSeaboard A L 4s. 67
S MiStP - Bta **-"0 Southern Pac 4s. £6%
r * N W con 7s.l30% Southern Ry C«..112
C R I ft P 4s... 72 (Texas ft Pac lsts.lie%
**>«>' •<• 73 jTol St L. ft W 4s. «»
CCC4St L gen 4*. 96% Union Pacific 4s 1C2%
Chi Terra 4s .... 75 | Do war 4s 03%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 5*%!u S Steel 2d 5s.. «%
Colo ft South 4s. %5%;Wabash lsts 110U
DenTer ft R G 4*. »9%i Do deb B . S3
Erie prior Hen 4». »8%|tr 4 L Erie 4s.. I S«
Do ren 4s Cen 4s 83»i
W * D .9 1«»-1<S%:C F ft I conv ts. €8
flocking Val 4%s.lC8%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 07
AUce 14 Ontario .... 1 so
Breec* lOOphir "" 45
Brunswick Con ... 06 Phoenix ... " " Ott
romstock Tunnel.. C5 Potosl ... --•••
Con Cal ft Va 1 00 Savage ... 14
Horn Silver 1 05 Flerra Nevada " 30
Iron Ellver 1 "Oiknali Hopes .."" 1-s
Leadvilie C0-1 02 Standard I!2 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money — iWestlngh Com." 60
Call loans *%C4! Mining—
Time> loans 5 ©6 Adventure 4
Bonds — fAllouez " 4%
Atchison 4s 99mAmaJgamated .. 86
Mex Cent 4s ... 6S jDaly West 43%
Railroads — 'Bingham 22
Atchison 64%, Calumet ft Hecla.445
Do prefd 89% Centennial i<$ii
Boston ft Albany.24S Copper Range .. 44%
Boston ft Maine.. .171 Dominion Coal .. 74
Boston L 140 Frsxklin 7*1
N T N H ft H. 195% Isle Royale 5
FUchburg pfd ..1^6 Mohawk 88
Union Pacific ... 71 % Old Dominion . . . 10%
Mex Central 9% Osceola 5«
Miscellaneous — jParrot 17
Amer Sugar 115 JQuincy £5
Do prefd 118*4 Santa F« Copper. l»i
Amer T ft T 126% (Tamarack 90
Dem Iron ft S.. -6 Trimountain . .„. 6%
Gen Electric 14* Trinity 5%
Mara Electric .. IS United States .... 17%
Do prefd 76 Utah 2«%
United Fruit 97 Victoria 22
U 8 fiteel 10% Winoca S.
Do rrefd 50% [Wolverine ....... 65
Chic T * Trans »V> S S 8%
Chi T 4; Trans pfd 3O0 16% 1SH 16»»
C. C. C & St L 100 71 71 81
Colo Soa'hern 100 12% 12% 12
Colo South 1st pfd 200 £2tt 52^ C2£
CoJo South 2d pfd 20-
Del ft Hudson 153
Del. Lark ft W 230
Denrtr ft R Gr 18%
D ft R G pfd 550 67 66% 67
Erie 16.300 274 26% 26%
Erie 1st tsfd «X> «J% 66V^ 66%
Erie Sd rrfd 1.100 49% 48 £ 49%
Great Northern pfd 160
Hock Valley 200 71% 71% 70
Hock Valley pfd SO
Illinois Central ... 400 131 130%> 131
Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central pfd sA 3 s
Kan City Scuth 16T6
Kar City South pfd '29%
Louie ft Nash 1.150 101 100% 100 \
Manhattan L 15.700 13%% 136 13S%
Met at Ry 4,600 111% 109% 110%
Minn ft St L 100 45 45 44
M.sscriri Pacific .. 7.SU0 »0% S»% 1*9%
Mo. Kan ft Tex 16%
M. K ft T pfd 34%
N R R of Mex pfd. 37%
N Y Central ©00 11S% 117% 117%
Norfolk A West 66%
Nor i West pfd &5
Ont ft Western 600 20% 20 20
PenneylraiU 20,200 117% 117% 116%
P. C C ft St L 65
Reading 8,200 44% 43% 44%
Reading Ut pfd "«%•
Reading 24 cfd 61
Rock Island 7.750 24% 23% 20%
Rc«k Island rfd... 100 65% 5?% 63
Et L ft S Fran 54
St L ft E F 1st pfd 60
St L ft S F 2d pfd 300 4« 48 44
St L S W 100 13 13 12%
£t L S W pfd 20%
St Paul 12,700 139% 13S% 13S%
Ft Paul z>fd 172
Southern Pacific .. 6.550 42% 41% 41%
Southern Railway.. 1.100 18 17% 17%
Southern Ry pfd.. 300 74 73% 73
Texas ft Pacific... BOO 23% 22% 22%
i Tol. Et L ft W ICO 17 17 16%
Tol. St L ft W pfd 25%
Union Pacific 13,700 72% 71% 71%
Unlcn Pacific rfd 85%
Wafcash 6C0 19 1«% 18%
Waba«h pfd 3,500 33% 32% K%
i Wh*cl ft L Erie 14%
j Wisconsin Cent ... 300 15% 15% 15
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 C4 34 34
Express Companies —
Adasis 223
American 100 187 157 1S5
United States 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
i Amalgam Copper.. 1K.200 37 36% 36%
. Axner Car ft Found 1.300 19% 19 18%
j Am Car ft F pfd.. 20") 65% 65% «
i Ar.fr Linseed Ol.. 100 9 9 9
1 A mer Lin Oil pfd 25
Acer Locomotive.. SCO 12% 12% 12.
Amer Loco pfd 200 74% 74 73
Am Fmelt & Ref . . . »«> 42% 42% 42 T i
Am S ft Ref pfd.. 200 ssj 87 *«'
Amer Sugar Ref.. 2.500 115% 114% 114%
Anaconda Min Co 60
Brooklyn Rap Tran 12.200 37% 35% 38
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.400 2S% 27 26
Col um ft Hock Coal 9%
Consolidated Gas... 300 177 177 176%
General Electric... 300 149 148 148
International Paper 200 11% 11% 10%
internU Paper pfd. 200 61% 61 61
Internaticcal Pump 30
Intemtl Pump pfd. ..... 6S
National Biscuit .... .... 34%
National Lead 12
North American 70
Northern Securities £6%
Pacific Mall 100 21 21 20%
People's Gas 400 04 93% 93%
Pressed Stee! Car.. R15 2<J 23% 25%
Preesed S Car pfd. 200 67 «7 66%
Pullman Palace Car 215'
Republic Steel 800 7% 7 7
Republic Steel pfd. 2.200 50 49 49
Rubber Goods 13%
Rubber Goods pfd e6
Tenn Coal ft Iron.. 4,700 28 M% 26%
V R Leather 300 7% 7*4 7W
U S Leather pfd... 100 75% 75% 75%
U S Rubber 6%
IT 8 Rubber pfd 35%
V S Steel 33.900 11% 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 1S6.500 &3% 50% 50%
Western Union 100 S3 S3 82%
Total saies 439.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Nov. 9. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco were $20,000
at $76 50 and $10,000 at $76 75.
NEW TORK BONDS.
Gregory P. aad Augusta Harrington < owners)
with Morris ft Pegel (contractors). pltfTts by
owners— All work for a 2-etory frame building
on lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 125 N of
Clement street. N 23 by W 120; $4450.
Elizabeth Herold (owner) with William R.
Finlay (contractor aad architect)— All wv»rk
for a 3-story frame building on lot on N Use
of Twenty-fourth street. 50 E of York, E 2S
bT FU>rence N. Ward (owner) with Currie ft
Curri- (contractors), architects Coxhe&d ft Cox.
head-^-All work except plurabios. p*iaUnit.
grading- electric work and heating fcr a 2-story
basement and attlo frame bulldtnr (flats) on
lot commencing at a point 50 W cf the SHT
corner of Broadway and Lagima, street. W
5O by 100: $8125. .^
Builders' Contracts.
MONDAT. NOVEMBER 9.
Anne CbUina to Isidar Gl&ser lot oa K lia*
of Oils street. 1» W ot T^gr.n^ W 25 by N
Jadson Estat* Ccmrany (corporation) to
Charlotte D. Jadson, lot on NE corner ot Pao
and Steiner streets. N 77:6 by S 100; $10,937.
Charles and Jeesi* Patron to Etna J. and
Lollye Grofas. Minnie O. Martin and J«w»l
Carpenter (wi/» of Emery), lot on S llna of
Ashbury street. 100 8 of Page. S 50. E 125.
N 25, W 10, N 25, W 115; $10.
Phoebe A. Hearst to Bertha Wallenstaia. lot
on S line of Sacramento str*«t. 209:3 W of
Walnut. W 25 by S 132:7»i; $10. *
George C Dawson to Jan« Dawscn. lot on
N lin« of California, street. 87:6 W ot Laurel.
W 23 by N 107:7*,; girt.
Edgar W. and AUce Briggs to Jacob Brandt
and S. Bachj&an ft Co., lot on W Us* at Do
lores street. 76:6 S ot Liberty. 8 80 by W
106; $10.
Elizabeth, Annl*. Teresa. John F. aad Arae«
Goss. Mary E. G. Ce!estres. Paulina O. Me-
Mahon to Alexander R. Baum. andtrtded 17-30
of lot on W line ot Hartford street. 89:3 N
of Nineteenth. N 24:8 by W 125; $L
Alexander R. Baunt to Denis Dosohoe. ua
dlvlded 17-30 cf same: $1.
Estate of Thomaa H. Row* or Ro« fby Mar
garet Rove, administratrix) to J*asl« R. Clark,
lot on E line of Mission street. 20S N of
Twenty-third. N 25 by E 122:6; $3128.
Margaret Row* to same, same: S10.
Louis Metzger, Henrietta Newman. David
and Rosa Kline. Henry Morgenthao, Panlis*
Schoenberg. Simon and Fannie Nordllnger to
Eder H. and Mary M. Herald, lot on W line cf
Potrero avenue. CO N of Twenty-second street.
N 23 by W 100; $10.
Henry Feige to James C. EhafUr. lot en B
line cf San Jose avenue. 230 S ot Twenty
fourth street. S 30 by E 00; $10.
Thomas Kendrick to Ellen Kendrlck. lot on
W line of Bryant street. 13«> S of Tw«nty-foortn.
5 27, W 100. N 25. E 50. N 2, E 50; gift
John Rutherford to Pennelia Rutherford, lot
on E line of Bartlett street. 130 N of Twenty
sixth. N 32:6 by E 117:6: gift.
Owen McCann to George D. Shadbarne Jr..
lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street. 86:4*^ W
of Harrison. W 36:1 Vi by 8 90: $10.
Alexander and Mary G. Heynemann to R. D.
ChATidler. lot commencing 120 N of Washington
and 140:11 E of Drumm. N IS. W 20. N 12. B
97:6. SE 36.9*, W 99:11; $10.
Elizabeth A. Rodgera < Montgomery) to A. H.
Crew, lot on SW corner of Ellis and Ma*o-i
streets. W 97:6 by N 6O; also lot on E line o?
Leavenworth street. 93:9 S of O'Farrell. S 43:9
by E 137:6. qultclalia deed: $10.
Margaret Sharp to Real Estate and Develop
ment Company, lot on NW corner of Eighteenth
and Vermont streets. W 56:3, NW to point 93
E cf San Bruno avenue, E 108, S 4ft), quitclaim
deed; $1.
Rose S. Gore to Leopold Daglow, lot oa E
line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 175 S of Clerr.ec:
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Jacob ' Heyman Company (a correlation) to
Nellie R. Stowell (wife of J. U.). lot on N line
of J street. 332:6 E of Forty-seventh avenue.
E 25 by N 100; $10.
William H. and Clara B. Bogert to same. lot
on E line cf Forty- fifth avenue, 230 S of J
street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
John E. and Margaret C. Hill t» Solomon
Geta re-record 1944 D. 479. lot en W lice of
Ninth avenue. 23 N of K street. N 23 by W
100; alao lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 15O
N of K street, N 23 by W 120; also lot on
N line of K street, 65 E ot Tenth avenue. E
23 by N 100: $10.
Daniel and Clara Meyer to John W. Wright,
lot on SW corner of Forty-fourth avenue and
L street W 240 by 8 «0O; $10.
Crocker- Woolworth National Bank to Allc*
G Oviedo lot on SW line of West avenue. 173
SE of Patton street. SE 25. SW 122:4. W 23,
NE 127:6. lot 8. block 2. Holly Park: $10.
Anna D. Jooet to Frederick Stuenaer. lot on
SE line of Falcon avenue. 252:1 NE of Mom
alley NE 25. SE 112 :«. SW 25, NW 112. lot
6 block 3. Market-street Homestead Associa
tion: $10. ,
John B LawSa to George A. Feara. undi
vided 4 of lot 3, block 7. Excelsior Hotaestead
Association; $10.
G. C Martin to Mary and William C. Gib
son, lot oa NE corner of Fifteenth avenue.
150 SE of R street. SE 25 by NE ICO. block
233 O*N. ft H Tract; $10.
Harrietts de Witt Kittle to Mary, A. Frit*
(wife of Esgene N.). lot* 10 and 11. block 3.
Flint Homestead: $10.
Joseph de Forest to same, lota 8. 12 to IS.
block 3. Flint Tract; $10. .
Fritz Dirking to Clementine E. Dirking, lot
on N line of Fair avenue. 127 :0», E of Mis
sion street. E 47:11^ by N 100; $l»».
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTI0N3.
FRUIT— Apricots, TgS^c for Royals and 9Q
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apple*. 4©5i,c;
•un-dried. 8%©4c; Peaches. 4%e«%c; ¦ PeSa,
6S10c: Nectarines. 4g54c; Figs, white. 4QM%o
In boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. CgSo per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2 tfC3o f or . the four
sizes . . . ; ¦
. RAISINS — F. o.\ b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Looeo Muscatel. 2-crown,
6Ve per lb; 3-crown. 5Sc; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
lees Muscatels. 4 Vic: do floated. 4^c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4 %c;. Thompson's Seedless.
5i4c. London Lay«r»7-2-crown. $125; 8-crown.
$1 85; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 5c per- lb: do 8-crown. 5«»c: Valencia
Cured. 4%c: Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental dp, 2%o.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz. packages, fancy* 8c per
lb: choice, 7jsc: 12-oa. packages, fancy. 69»c;
choice. 6%c: in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshelL 13H@14c;
No.- 2, 11H012C;' No. 1^ hardshell. 13S13^c:
No.-2, 116U%c; Almonds. Uc for Nonpareils
lOHc for I X L. 10%c for N« Plus Ultra* and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for East
ern; Pecans; 11813c; Oocoanats. $4 6065; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, 10915c Der lb.
. HONEY — Comb, new, 12gi4o for whits and
8811c for amber; new water white extracted.
5*i@6c; light amber extracted. 4%65^c; dark.
48 BEeWaX— 27629c per lb.'
Dried FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
MONDAT. Not. 9—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
A>Pha. 05 06fJnlia e* 9X
Alt* CO 14 Justice 03 04>
Andes 17 IS Kentuck 03 04
richer 12 14;Keyn Gra«a.t 751 8O
Best ft Belch. I 35 1 40f Mexican 91 92
Bali»on 08 10 Occidental .„ 23 27
Taledonia 1 05 1 lOtOphtr 1 SO 1 55
Challenge Con 24 26; Overman. .... 2O 23
Chollar 12 14'Potonl 12 14
Confldene* .. 72 74'SaTaje 1% 19
Con Cal ft V.I 05 1 lOiScorpton .... 01 03
Con Imperial. 03 04 £eg Belcher... 09 10
Con NT... OS 06 Sierra N«v .. 37 33
Crown Point. 14 15;SUfer Hill... 57 %9
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... 11
Exchequer .. 13 ISSyndlcat* .... — C«
Gould ft Cur. 23 24 i Union Con... 48 49
Hale- ft Norca «O tS.Utah 14 IS
Lady Wash.. 03 04 Yellow Jacket 39 40
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 18'PiB» Otqt« .. — IS
Espennza ... 01 GSJRaccu* 03 Oft
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Be'.moct. 90 99
MacNataara. . 10 11. Ton ft Cal... — 23
Mizpah Ex .. — 33 Ton ot Ner.. — » to
Mont Too .. 93 95 Ten N Star.. S3 33
2i Y Ton ... — 06!Ton Midway. S4 »7
Paymaster .. C9 13;United Ton... — U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apples is not particularly active,
but attractive fruit is in light supply and
prices consequently ruled firm. Common quot
ed at 49514c; prime at 57<b66c; choice. 6U@
65»c. and fancy at 7c.
PRUNES— Are about steady, but generally
quiet, at prices ranging from 2H to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS — Show llttl* featur* at the mo
ment, but are generally firm at 9%g9Hc:
10%c for extra choice and ll®12^4c for fancy.
PEACHE3— Quiet. Choice quoted at 7%©
7 He; extra choice at 7%©8%c. *nd fancy at
9**eiOUc
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady: Xo- " invoice,
C*ic; mild. firm. Coffee futures- closed steady,
5 to 10 xolnta higher. Sales. 74..W0 bags. No
vember. 5.45c; December. 5.50®3.65c; Janu
ary. 5.C0#r..75c: May. 6<3t3.1Cc; Augwt, 6.20c;
Sei-tomber, 6.25@C30c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet. Refined, quiet.
NEW TORK, Nov: ». — FLOUR — Receipts.
23.839: exports. 23.747. Dull ar.d easier.
WHEAT— Receipts. 117,600. Spot easy. No.
2 red. S5»»c elevator ar.d S6%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f.'o. b. afloat.
Options were depressed all day. closing weak.
*»e lower. Close: May S2%e; July. 79l*c:
l>«Tnber, 85»ic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
\'czi York Stock market unsettled, with Steel Stocks lower.
Lcrcal Stcurities still devoid of animation.
Stiver, Exchange end Mexican Dollars slightly lower.
Wheat. Barley and other grains about as before.
BraK declines under large receipts from the north.
I lay in ample supply and steady.
Xo further change in the Bean market.
fritter firm, in spite of liberal arrivals.
Eggs steady. Cheese in large supply and weak.
Hams lower and extra light Bacon higher.
Hogs declined a fraction and reported in ample supply.
Potatoes inactive under very heavy receipts.
Southern Vegetables coming upon the market.
Poultry and Game in good demand and unchanged.
Xoi much new in the Fruit market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.) Bid-Ask.
.4« qr coup... Ill U "2 U 4s qr new...l34H135i;
4s q,r reg Illiill2?4|3s qr coop. ..1CS^ 100 <4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s.. . 10JM4
B*r CPC 5«.1O2 103 Do coa 5s. — 104
Cal C & E g Oceanic 6 5s. T5 79
V» m j£ Ct ~~ I02^» Om C R 6s. .12© —
v-aJ-«t os.... — — Pac B Irn 4a — 97
? * C H £•• — 11« P * O R «s.H8tiliO
5 b c 5^ 8l<>1 — 8 E O* R 5s- — *°2
M c & S3 5s. — 100 6F & SJV 5s.ll6^11IVi
"°n 5, T fs-l^HlM S R of V «e.ll2H —
J* A-Elec 5s.l02^105^ S P of A 6s
t A » Ry a »-U2?ill* <19<»> 107*4108^
LALCo6».- _ (1B1O> 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — s p of C «•
Tinf 11 5*- 1M 11M4 (180S)Sr A.102H103
tJ^f lc ™ g»- — 103 (1906)Sr B.103m03S
M S:*? C 6 *- UT '4 — <19«> -...104H108
;_^>S 1 a°5». — 114 (1912) ....114 115
NRR of C 68.106% — SPC leg 5«.. — —
¦**S." U4UU5 » Do stinpr.lMH —
N P C R 5«. — 1(» S P B R 6a.l32 —
Ji 0 ,?, 6^-;-- 109 — s v w es...ioa% —
S i 1^*, 0 - 68 — Do «¦ 2dm — 99
>JSIJR5s..— 83 Do4s3da. 99 —
O G L H 5«.1O7 — 8tkn G4E 6s 95 1021,
O T Co «s...U7 118H l'O«E(i.- 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — 42 |Port Co«ta.. —
Marin Co.... 61 j — ¦ JBp V W Co. S9% 3»Vi
OA8 AND EXECTRIC.
Cent I* * P. 3% 4« Sao E OAR. — —
Mutual E U 10 11 S F G & B. 63U 69
Oak O LAH. — _ s P Gaa... 3 3^
Pac O Im... — B3 Stka G A E. 3 —
Pao I, Co... R5«jj — U G * E,.. — .
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. CSH tS%
¦'-" INSUBAITCB.
Tixtm'm Pnd.820 —
BANK STOCKa
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P ft A.... 170
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 Mer Trust ..230
Bank of Cal. — 475 Mercb Ex...
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation! —
First Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS. _'
Ger S ft I,. . — — Sav * L. So. 95 10O
Hum SAL.— — Sec 6av Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav.. — 110 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 \ —
STREET RAILROADS.
California. .. — 205 fPresldto .4.. 39 —
Geary — 80 J
POWDER.
Giant ...... 65tf 67 |Vigorit ;..„ — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 50c 70c Kllaue*. S C. — ' »^
Hawaiian C. 43% 46& MakaweU C 22 22%
Honokaa 8 C 13 — Onomea. 8 C. 31H 33
Hutch 8 P C 10 10% Paauhan S C 15% 1«
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaslta. Pack.149 — lOceanlc S C. — — '
Cal Fruit A*. — 94 Pae A F A. 3 8%
Cal Win* As. 92 94 Ipac C Borax.l«7 —
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co. caah.... 68 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
10O Trustees* Certittcatea (S F G ft E) 68 00
$2000 8 P oX Arizona (1910) 109 00
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Nov. 9—2 p. m.
Bar silver, quiet. 2"Hd per ounce. Money,
T.'aZSi per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 4@4% per cent
and for three months' bills *H per cent.
WCO Esperanxa ... 02' 10O Paymaster ... 13
300 Mont Ton ... &l. ,VO Rescuo O»
=00 Mont Ton ... S3 U«> Ton Belmont. Vr*
10O Mont Ton ... 93 I 200 Ton Midway.. 37
600 Paymaster ... 11 j ico Ton N Star.. 33
Afternoon Session.
Open. ¦ High. Low. Cloe*.
December ..$1 14 91 H $1 13tf 91 13tf
2 p. m. session. .
December $1 18**-
OATS — There were fair arrivals from the
North, but not enough to affect prices. The
market continues steady. ¦
White. $1 20#l 32 ft; Black. fl 40$l «2tf:
Red. $1 2061 25 for feed and $1 25©1 85 for
seed: Gray. *1 22%@1 27% per cU.
CORN — Dealers continue to report a quiet
and easy market.
Western ? sacked, $1 S0@l 32% for Yellow,
$1 30©l 32ft for •White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large Yellow. ¦ $1 S5S140; small
round do. $1 60«l 60; White,; $1 3331 40 per
cental. ' " *~- ~ . . ,
dvr ft 2Zt&l 30 per ctl. - *
BUCKWHEAT-42 25€2 60 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
BARLEY — The week opened quiet and steady
at Saturday's quotations. Receipts were large,
but much of them had been bought prior to
arrival and did not go on the market.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%©1 18fi: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20gl 25; Chevalier, fl 20S1 45 for fair to
choice.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 37U $1 37«i" $1 37^ $1 37*
December ... 1 3&V* 1 3&V» 1 3Sh . 1 3»H
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. nv
No eales. May, 51 37*s.
2 p. m. session.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian. $1 50® 1 55; Northern Club. $1 40
©1 42*£: Northern Blue Stem. $1 50@l 55; Or
egon Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
Chicago was about a cent lower and without
feature. The sentiment ( was bearish on ex
pectations of larger receipts in -the North
west. The opinion was that the selling was
becoming overdone. The Southwest sold.
In this market quotations remained about
the same.
¦': -" CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were weak. The
world's shiDrnents for the week were as fol
lows in quarters:. Russian. 341,000: Daaublan.
122.000; Argentine, 5000: Indian. 150,000. The
American visible euoply increased 2,939.000
bushels.
Wheat and Other Grains.
PLUMS — Coe's late red. 50c per box.
GRAPES — 30650c for small boxes. 50065c
for crates and 75c€$l 50 for large open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS — 50©85c per box.
¦¦ CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia. Oranges, $23
3 50 per box; Lemons. $1©2 50 per box: Grape
Fruit. $1 5092 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50;
Eananas. $1 50©2 per bunch for Hawaiian and
«2 50©3 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$232 50 per dozen.
- APPLES— 90c@$l 25 per box for fancy, 80©
85c for good to choice and 25®40c for common.
PEARS — Jlgl 25 per box for fancy Winter
Neliis and 50$z75c for other varieties.
QUINCES— iO^SOc r>«r box;
FIGS— 75c@$l 25 per box.
POMEGRANATES — 75685c for small . boxes
and Jl 50«r2 50 for large,
PERSIMMONS — 50c£$l per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. J11S11 80; Jer
seys, $10§1° 75 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 5O@3 per
box.
receipts showed the effects of the recent rain.
Prices of alt varieties ranged lower and it was
difficult to obtain over $1 per box for anything
but fancy Muscat. Small packages were . in
moderate supply and . steady. . Figs were scarce
and higher, while other tree fruits were In
ample supply, with prices about the same as
previously quoted.
Conditions and price* In citrus fruits were
unchanged. New crop Navel Oranges were of
fering at $5@3 25 per box and new Grape Fruit
was quoted at $3. but few sales were reported.
The market was liberally supplied with unripe
Bananas, but ripe stock was scarce and high.
Two cars of the Central American artlele cams
in and a steamer arrived from Honolulu with
1712 bunches.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5^12 ' per
chest; large Berries, $3 «VK?-5 for Mallndaa and
$&S7 for ths other varieties. .; "
RASPBERRIES— $5€S per cheat.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents per share
November ' 16. ¦ ¦
The United Gas and Electric Company will
pay a regular monthly dividend of IS cents per
share November 16.
The authorized capital stock of this " bank,
according to the report to the Bank Comntto
cioners, is $1,000,000; amount subscribed $250.
000, amount paid in coin $75,100. The total
number ' of shares ' issued Is 2300, and the
amount paid on each share is $50 on five shares
and $30 on 2485 shares.
The Exchequer Minis? Company has levied
an assessment of 5 cents.
Stirling Exchange, eight.....:... — 4 S5U
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S6*i
New York Exchange, slsht......" — "- 02H
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05 •
Silver. o*r ounce — fr-s*!
Mexican dollars — 44&
THE SA1S FBANCISCO GALL. KOYEMBER 10, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
The gas stocks were firm yesterday and Gaa
and Electric was higher at $6Sg68 75. Mutual
Electric sold : at . $10. The other stock* were
quiet at previous quotations and the oil stock*
continued neglected. •., : : ¦'. ¦--•¦¦' :- -4i*r*
-.The Columbian Banking Company, has levied
an aiiessmtnt of 810. December ,7."
- There Is . • report that the discontinuation' of
Silver purchases by the Government t is - only
temporary and that they will be resumed later
on.- . , ¦ . ... '*•-"•- .'-¦.¦
Sterling Exefcance. 60 dari. .„"..;';— ¦ »4 81
Exchange and Bullion.
' Sterling- Exchange, Silver and Mexican dol
lars are fractionally lower. ,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
*v^ REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE
>-*^ at ARCADE HORSE MARKET, ET
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. November 11. at
11 a. m. S3 head of ALL PURPOSE HORSES
and MARES. Hones must be as represented
or money refunded. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auc-
tioneer.THE FAN FBACNCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1903.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnneil.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading.- 10c, for
a short time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card reader; names
given; 25c and SOc. 100S Harrison st.. nr. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA. medium and card reader: la-
•dles25£ ! c5nts50c ; __28_7th8t ;: J^J5______•
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist: card read-
er; 25c. SOc. 520 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
- 26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 2Bc; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44S^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEATINO AND .C^EABflSO^
AlK compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer.
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor without reran val or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CQ., Call bid.: phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. Soutfl 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlscn et.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.: tel. Mission 49. ,
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
i reasonable. 1703 Harrison Bt.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
! CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S33 Golden Oat* ave.: telephone Eawt 12«.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* l)-10: tel. 0586.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms to let. 419 Laurel St.;
rent $30. -
$27 50 — 6-ROOM cottase to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton st.
CE__IT CX.OTHIx.BS.
C? F. ADAMS CO.
* SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all 318 Mai«on Et.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market j
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely •
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. ;. "-¦.;• I
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are |
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c. ;as given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. 56; full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Eush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
UKE&SMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION sunburst ft knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
TEACHERS and instructors wanted for new
military day school which will open in Janu-
ary: primary, grammar and high school de-
partments. Graduates of Eastern colleges
preferred; give references and salary ex-
pected. Address R. M. A., box 3424. Call.
1 HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
'• languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
j HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
I between Pine and California; both adult and
: children's classes are now open for the teason.
I AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
' ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
i CALIFORNIA Business College. 3C5 Larkln st.
• "A thorough school'"; positions secured for
gr_iluates; modern methods; Individual ln-
ktrucUon. Write for Illustrated catalogue. -
j f .
i THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
', ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
J Bor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
' THE PAUL GERSON School of Actlnr. the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West: <12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
; yens' bldg.. 414 Mason st. -
I A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
j Market St. — Practical, progressive, reliable; i
! Cay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
! DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
: day evgs., Teutonia Hall. Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
1 ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mech.. sur-
! \ - ey assay cyanide; day eve.: est. 1S04. Von ;
[ derNalllen School. 118 Fulton, nr. City Hall, j
I HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
I st.'. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
{ complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; 8 day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION . . . ....Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
j EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
v n!f>hes beet help; contracts (or farm help, etc.
A ORPHEUM Employment 'Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. . Main C7C2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 1HS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; Ml kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main IMH.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. £40 Clay.
E5IPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH second clrl; good waitress and
ream strfs.»; refs. ilK8. NOKTON, 313 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook: city or coun-
try: best refn. MKS. NORTON, ai.'i Sutter.
A -GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter; tel. Green 7_1.
WOMAN wi.«hes work Wednesdays and Thurs-
days washing, ironing or housecleaning;
$1 50 day. Box 3428. Call.
EXPERT titter, lady, wishes position in large
commercial establishment; will only accept
offer from firm paying good salary. Box 150,
Call office. :
WANTED — Position as housekeeper In hotel or
rooming- house by . experienced Eastern, wo-
man; flret-class references; good needle
¦woman. Address 207 Leavenworth st.
FINNISH girl wishes general housework.
PIea.se call at 34^4 Freelon St., bet. Third
and Fourth and Bryant and Brannan. :
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wlehes engage-
ments; $1 75 per day; references. Box 3419,
Call crace^ ¦
STENOGRAPHER desires position; 4 months'
experience; salary $35 to begin. 3190 24th st.
AN elderly lady wishes a situation; plain cook.
Ing; email wages; good home. 602 Howard.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
. Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions • taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C">3 McAllister «t.
EMPLOYBIENT WANTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by energetic, ambitious and
thoroughly experienced accountant and man-
ager; desires _ on account wife's health to
leave Chicago; will consider nothing but eml-
. nently desirable proposition?, as he is earning
a large salary and has no reason for wishing
to change other than given above; bond if
required. Address MERRILL, 4051 Prairie
ave,, Chicago, 111.
STRICTLY temrjerate honest retired 'sea cap- 1
tain desires suitable employment, such as
1 shipkeeper, wharfinger or in command of
yacht or steam launch,- etc. Address R. F.,'
postoffice box 21(53. San Francisco. ; Cal.
WANTED — By young man from the ? East a
position In i private family to wait . at ' table
and do housework. Box 3430. Call office.
A DENTIST of . 10 years' experience wants em-
ployment in city or elsewhere.' . Address Doc;
tor, • 40S8 Twenty -sixth st.
YOUNG man would like situation; with some
experience in barber trade;, small ' wages.
Address S. D.. 303 Jessie st..
STEADY. ¦ sober. man wants work of any kind;
can milk - and 5 care ; ' for horses; no garden
work; city or country. Box 3427. Call. ¦
FIRST-CLASS dairyman ' and wife ; wish . to
take charge of a small dairy In the country.
T. S.; 77 Ninth st. • ¦ ¦ ,; '
BOOKKEEPER; experienced In manufacturing
and other business: " state salary. Box 3425,
Call office: , c 7 - : ,/.;:',.
ACTIVE. Intelligent elderly man as clerk,- light
porter, : Janitor, watchman, etc. 3420, -Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -BIALS.
NON-UNION barber wants steady job; city or
country. G. L. A.. OSl p Qj__ 8t -
WANTED— By" a first-class mechanic, painting
or paper hanging by the day or contract; win
furnish all tools. R. D. .MARSHALL. 429
Deuglass at. ¦ ;
A RELIABLE man wishes place as coachman
, and gardener; can milk; references. Box
3417. Call office. - " '
WANTED — Steady position; understand care of
garden horses, cows; handy with tools; ref-
erences. Box 3416, Call office. s
WANTED— A position of trust or collector;
references and bonds given. Box 2030, Call.
JAPANESE first-class waiter wants position,
<-lty or country;. wages *:!0 up. T. w.. — <a
Stevenson st. v : j -
JAPANESE.,, honest boy, wants a position^as
schoolboy. OGAWA, care Nako Hotel, 509
Bush st. . .
JAPANESE strong man wants position to do
any kind of work before 7:30 a. m. or after
5:30 p. m. AKI. 1303H Castro st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
—ACIAIi *_1S3AQ~.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
• anteed. new method: 00c. M. LUTON. manl-
curlng parlors. 764 Larkin st.; phon* Polk li.
FLATS yp LIST. '-
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; "take advantage of
this department; it will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
- at., on the square.
! ALL of the mot desirable flats and houses are
i listed In our renting department; let us give
you' a list and help you find one In the loca-
v tion you want. STERLING FUKNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
; lutely free. .; ¦ : ¦
A NEARLY new G-room sunny corner flat;
basement; first-class In every respect. 3943
Seventeenth St.. near Market; Castro and
Eighteenth-street cars.
NEW, modern.- up-to-date 7-room flats, mid-
dle- and upper: 731-733 Fulton st.; rents
$32 50 and $35: near Buchanan st. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. - - ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -
JONES. 510, near O'Farrell— Rear lower flat,
three sunny rooms: large cellar: rent $15.
ELLIS 810 nr. Polk— For business purposes: 3
. rms. : all "conveniences ; electric light, power.
PINE. 769, near Powell— New, sunny, middle
• flat: 6 rooms and bath; rent $55.
POST, 13.T9— New 2-story ' upper flat 8 rooms;
bath; sun all day; detached. ¦_
$is — Upper flat to let. ! CIS Jersey, near Twen-
ty- fourth': 5 rooms and bath.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURMS1IKD.
! FOUR furnished rooms. $00; flat to let. 461
[ Kayes Bt.
FLATS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED flat of ~4 rooms, centrally lo-
cated. Is wanted for man and wife: no chll-
! dren; price $ir» to $18. Address box 3422. Call.
fe'li-'tMTUUK FOK SALE.
?20 WILL buy furniture of a 3-room flat If
Eold to-day; rent $5. : : 52 Je3sle st.
$22j — TO rent or . sell; ¦ furniture of ti rooms,
complete: new. 900 A Folsom ft.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BL'RD, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED— FEMALb7"~
WANTED — 1 ccoks. $30. $35; cook. San Jose,
see lady office 1 o'clock. $35. no washing;
r>arlor mai'is, $25. $:so: 5 second girls, ?::.¦.
$30; 4 hotel waitresses, $25; 2 waitresses for
Monterey, $25. fare paid; 2 laundresses for
Institution work. $20, $25; 2 housekeepers,
$15. «'J0; 3 nurseglrls. $15. $20. $25; cham-
berwork. private family. $20; chamberwork.
girls' school. $30, country, and a large num-
ber of general housework girls, city - and
country $20. $25 $30. Place* too many, to
advertise. Call to-day, J. F.'CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. !
WAITRESS and parlor maid. $30; chamber-
maid, $25; waitress, same, house, $25; house-
Sirl, $33: cook. $30; nurscglrl, $20; waitress.
Institution. $20; woman for housework, must
. sleep home, ?25: housegirl. San RafaeJ, $30;
housekeeper. $15; woman with a child, $15.
MKS. NORTON, 313 SutUr St. "
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers. . sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— WANTED— Girls to Uarn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school In
West. 23-1 Geary pt.. room 13. :¦.-¦*..•¦.-£
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1238 Mar-
ket ft., car, Jones, room 94: posltlons'secured
at highest wages; day and eve. Class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32U FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
- , - \ ¦ ¦ ..
—, ' ' " ' ¦
CASHIER for restaurant; experience required
no. fee; apply 9 a. m. to 12 m. Restaurant
Keepers' Association, 0 Eddy st.. room 46.
BX riTu EN CEl7 bonbon dipper. Box 3421.
Call office. , ¦ ..,-¦¦ --•' ' . :-"
GIRL wanted for plain cooking and assist In
housework. 1C20 Geary st. ¦•'¦¦¦*' -
WANTED— Tailoress on custom ; coats. 14
Harriet st. :
WANTED— Experienced tailoress on coats at
v 409 Fourteenth st., Oakland. ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED saleslady, steady, for candy
store at 1409 Polk st.; call after 10 a. m;
WANTED — FlrBt-class ', finisher on coats;
wage3 $10 up per week. / 1103 Market st.
GIRL, general housework; may. sleep home if
desired. 1053 Market St., upstalra.
WANTED— Mangle girls at the French Laun-
dry Company. 3372 Mission at. - \
GOOD girl or woman general housework; small
\... family; -ruod: wages. -¦: 1002 Golden , Gate ave.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. I AMES -HARRIS. 100. Sac-'
ramento st.-v ; J - .',' ¦¦".- : ¦ ''-- '¦¦ ¦' ¦•'¦'.
A LADY of lndomitableenergy to make money
and : a convincing talker. F. - PERSON, 477
and '478. Parrott building.' '- ¦¦• .-.' ,.-. ____¦;
SKIRT and waist hands, also Improvers, want-
- ed. at 1407, Laguna st. ,:.";. \. ¦ - : -. - .".' . "
TALENTED ¦ amateuri performers. Apply at
.Chutes 6 p. ¦ m.-. Wednesday;, salary, no object.
WANTED— Girl for wrapping desk. - Apply : at
; LIVINGSTON BROS:. 123-9 Post st. . ¦ J
WANTED— Young girls of good . families to
> learn ' stock < keeping. Apply between 9 ; and
,'- 10. a. m.,I.1;MAGNIN*& CO., 43-53 Ellis st.
CIGARETTE ', makers wanted: ¦ learn»rs '¦ taken;
; steady work: good ¦. wages. The John Bollman
. V Co..- corner Front and Pacific sts.. ; .'
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Co W .
TRY our men's sho«» at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sho«s at $2 80; we pay expr*s.
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog, fr ..
road, near Seven- Mile House and county line.
lOo.CCO BRICK for sale. Inquire at Caisrornia
Housewreckers. NW. cor. Mission end loth.
3. 0 AND 10 hp. ga_olln« easinej; 2d-nand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK >t CO.. 122 Marked
NEW and second hand machinery of a!l lun_,
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 819 Market «t.
SAFES— Now and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento s:.
MOVING pictures, made lanterns, sale, renta.;
bargains. Bollard A Breck. 131 Pout *i.
MILES of piiw and fittings: all sizes. EL'.
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and sens slides, luo
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
ft CO-. .^122 Market st.
All bargains;ca— p stools and chairs:hammocks.
metal bedg.mattresse».J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplier, moving
picture machines, dims. U-cigalupl. 933 M-t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK fcr prices on ser-ond-taad typewriters, all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. ViO Mantry.
M1SCKLI.ANKUIS WAlfcTS.
WANTED — Air compressor, duplex. 12x14. belt
driven; state make.
1 Westlnghouse motor. 60 to 75 horsepower.
1 1 return flue tubular boiler. 54x1 <i. complete
with fixtures, stack, etc. ; give lowest cash
price.
All the above must be in first-class condl.
tloa; to be delivered f. o. b. sacra— .ento.
Box 2698, Call office. __?
PAINTING, tinting, papering and wall paper
cleaning: work done at right prices. M. li.
MORRIS. 1214 Geary st. : phene 21K>. ;-._¦.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
114!> Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILT ON wants good second-hand clothtnz and
theatrical good*. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jesaie 2S31.
A BIG orlce paid for sealskins: send posta:.
25 Stockton St.: nhone F*.i«h 4S4.
~~" MONEY TO LOAM.
XXA^H^RM^r^IUiipHY; ~ "
eOl-tiCJ-tiu;; Examiner b-lldlng.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people cn>
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 63 and 69 Donob.o«
building. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
ITRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
nate; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 18. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rra. 7.
. M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room SZl.Emma Spree-- '
ela Building, loans money on real estate -»n.|
all other securities; confidential; low rate*.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
. LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
If OCTET to loan on low Interest; gold. »ilv«r,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bougnc
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Stxtn st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed note* and other security. S. V.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can bcrrow more money" on your furnitur*
than any other placo in city; no, commtsaloa.
612 Parrott building; nhone South U3.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission: installments accepted.
BONEUJ. 301 Eddy, Conservatory buildms.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on s— lari«s confiden-
tially; new.sim pie plan. Room SO. 319 Market.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. \V.
MILLER, room 74. Oth floor, ChrontcU bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $19 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual gav.Bk.bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on motes without
indorser. MORELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month: we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price If you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the Instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental oa
any instrument in our stores; with such good*
as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller ana
our own make to select from wa can guar-
auteei satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the- acott-Curtaa
"Bijou." the smallest full scale piano In San
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
SCO-62-64 Hayes st.
ALL uprights on our bargain slat* to-day—
Collard. $35; Filsher. $50: Sherman * Hyde.
$100; Weber. $65: Klmball. f 115: Mansfield <*
Notni. $125; Haynes, $150; American. $163;
Checkering. $167; Emerson. $173; Miller,
$175; 2 Steinways, largo and small size, f 1*3
and $290; Heine. Urge style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; in-
stall— ents $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary st. : O— kl&nd branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
aa they are seldom satisfactory, bat we hav«
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to pleas* the most critical Our best
1 aellera are the Behr Bro*.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MU3IU
CO.. 769 Market «t.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $3U
up. including such makes as ChicJcertng.
Vose. Kroegeiy Curtax, Klrkha—.. Peaje.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Bau« and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. Id CFax-
rell st. No branches in San Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut cam Estey organ,
two basks of keys and pedal bass; cost $750-
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.
BAND instrument*; ~ . B«ason. farlm. maker;
Gus Malw aid. Alt. Pac. Coast, 27S O'Farreil;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
$55 — FINE, small upright piano in good condi-
tion. 101 Welch St., southwest cor. Fourth.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stein way upright pla.no:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keega'a.285 O*F— m rti.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros.* upright;
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister n.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage Dlanos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1836 Market st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil Ian piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. -H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham ptaca.
MILLINERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: sav»
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Po*:.
OFfc'ICKS AJiP g'rUKKS'ru_Ltfr.
STORE with la— :• basement; below Kearay
St.; rent $30. Apply 63ft Clay st.. raom L
™ fEBSOXALS. "~
ATTENTION. LADIES— ,
' To see Is to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. CFarreU
and Stockton sts.: a living model with tha
wrinkles and bagglnesa removed from ons
ride of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell at.
WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given in man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 702. A!to bldg.. Bush and Kearny.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Itn-
' ' proves Its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stlcklneas;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
NOT. bow. cheap bat how good Is the motto of
the manuf suture— t of tha Rapid-' Rotary
Standard, the sew Ing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience exutm per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Calf or
address Central - Pharmacy 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate.
ELEGANT salts on easy installments; SO cert, i
and up per week. . LEON LEMO3. t£2t
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday Saturday. Sun-
day . evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st. nr,
»th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and ma— luer.
ad_ costume* rented. 26 O'Farreil St.*
HELF WANTED FEMALE Con.
"WANTED— Reliable- Protestant girl for a per-
manent position to care for grown children
and help, with housework; references re-
qulred. Address box 2930. Call office.
WANTED — Girl with experience In bakery
etore. 1139 Folsom st. j
A GIRL to do cooking and housework; wages
$25. 1023 O'Farrell st.. near Van Ness ave.
WOMAN to travel; work pleasant, creative and
educational. Box 2038, Call office.
WANTED — Two first-class French lroners; po-
sitlona steady. 7C0 McAllister st.
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE.
429 Bush st.. , 642 Clay et
500 laborers. State of Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week ..Free Fare.
FOR CENTRAL AMERICA.
R. R. conductor, single man.. Best of wages.
Free fare there and back.
Absolutely • free fare for all above. . ¦
Chicken tamale maker. Mexican preferred,
1 State of Washington, best of wages; slaugh-
ter-house butcher, country shop, $30, $35;
polisher, country. $15 week; waiters, dish-
washers, potwashers, others, $35. $30. $25;
bell, elevator boys.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE. _
429 Bush st ...642 Clay st.
A— DAVID SMITH, the steward, who worked
at the Ahlborn House, please call or send
address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
P20 Racramejito st. 520
Phone Main 1191. ~ Cor. Leldesdorff st.
GOLD MINE. NORTH. BOSS HERE.
5 hand miners, gold mine, $90.
CH1CO, BUTTE CO.; half fare ship to-night.
20 teamsters, . $2 25 and $2 50 day; 4 tun-
nelmen. chean fare. .$60 found; butcher,
country shop, $35 found; harness maker,
ranch, boF« here, $1 50 found; farmer and
wife, . orchard and ranch, on shares, see boss
here; waiter. $30 found: R. R. conductor.
Central America, free "fare, see boss here;
ccok, -$40 found; 3 farmers. Call and see
us to-day. •
2 FARMERS and wives, . $45 and $50 and
.found; man about place, $35 and found: mar-
ried man to care for .place, $35; 10 wood- ;
choppeis, $1 CO cord;, young barkeeper, $00;
and board; butler,. $35 and found; oysterman, !
$40 and beard: elevator boy, $30, and others. !
J. F. CRO.SETT &. CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT S. F. Emp. Bureau, 17 Fourth st. — Labor-
ers and rockmen. city, $2 25 day; 3 strong
' laborers, city, $2 25 day. steady. Call and
eee us. boys. • We have lots of work for old
and young. Come and register' with us. .'All
work guaranteed. No strikes, no fakes. S.
F. Emp. Bureau; phone Grant 26.
AT "E. & B.".R. R. Labor Agency, •»
63S Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
50 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2. to $2 50 a day.
10O laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free lare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st.
FURNITURE salesman wanted: one well
posted In new and second-hand furniture: no ¦
other need apply. H. SCHELLHAAS,
. Eleventh St.. Oakland. -;--.'..
MAN of good standing and wide acquaintance
can secure a nood position with an Eastern
company: must have connections and be,' a
good solicitor. P. O. box 2604. . .,¦
EXPERIENCED salesman for sporting goods;
must be thoroughly acquainted with the
line. Apply Superintendent's Office, Em-
porium, i
EXPERIENCED bushelman wanted imme-
diately. Golden Eagle Clothing Co.. .104
Kearny st. ' ¦ j
GKRMAN: steady; references; tend bar: wine
business: useful: married preferred: call
afternoon. 15 City Hall square. .
MAN to work In starch room, wholesale candy j
factory. 538 Washington st. ___________
TWO-CHAIR barber shop and cigar etore for
sale; bargain. Inquire Call office. ~
TAILOR on coats. 520 kearny at., room 1,
first flocr. - ,
WANTED — Young man to work around hotel.
1443 Harrison «t. . .
A GOOD tailor wanted for buaheling. 827 Sut-
ter «.. near Leavenworth. . ;
BARBER wanted for evenings Saturdays nad
Sundays; steady.,. A. B.. box 3120, Call.
DISHWASHER wanted. , 4C5-4G7 Valencia St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 GO;best shoes on earth. 11
Third gt.. Exam bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker eager to make money. - F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott - building.
YOUNG man, willing to work for his tuition,
should call at California Business College,
. 305 Larkln st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 23c. BOo
and 60c while you wait -at S63 Mission St.,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-^
bodied unmarried men. . between 21 and 38;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; " marines serve at sea on - men-of-
war in all parts of the world; on land In our
island possessions. - and at naval stations in
the United States. .Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st.. • San Francisco, Cal.. and
> . 401 K • et.; . Sacramento. Cal. "
WANTED — Boys 16 to 18 years of age to enter
a large wholesale house, with a view to leam-
• tng the .business; must furnish references;
reply In own handwriting. Address box
2023. can. : , / ¦: .;,'-, : -¦¦••-.;. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 80 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 80; we'pay
..-express or mall cbrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
MEN wanted to learn the barber, trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College, 635
CUy street. ' :..--
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln.:Reno House proprietor, has
- added • 100 new rooms ; to the Denver ; House,'
217 Third st: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Boy in a jewelry store. 817 Mar-
'¦-.. ket St."; Academy, of Sciences Bldg. ;
STRONG '¦ boy _ for ; wholesale house : state age
,;and experience.r. Box 2036.'. Call office.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor. 1123 Market
r' St.; :-. between Seventh and Eighth.' .
ONE chair barber shop; good mining. town; no
;- opposition.'. Box 84, Quartz; Tuolomne Co., Cal.
BARBER: trade ¦ taught ¦ In 6 weeks. -' Address
;W.;C.;B.7: 647 'Commercial St. ./ J
COATM AKER ; - for " country." Apply : REI33
r.--'BR08 1 -ft % CO;; 24 Sutter st . ¦ y^- -.
MCDONALD & PERRY, have a large stock of
_¦;. new. and second-hand shoes; cheap.' 239 -d st.
MEN to ' learn barber trade ; catalogue mailed.
: 8. * T.I Barber.: School. -741A: Howard ; st.
: PENSION,' atty. « B.- A.' Bullls.-: room 40, Phelan
'".-." bldg.' 4 Past Com. Geo." H. Thomas Post, G. A.R.
ADVERTISEMENTS* subscriptions received at
Call Branca dffice, cor. Duncan ft Church at*.
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Contl-ned^ j
R O. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 26*4 Kearny
St., rooms 9 and 10.
A' $1000 coffee saloon and restaurant on
the water front, clcus to Market Bt.: dally
receipts about SC5; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer; iavesti- '
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE, 20*4
Kearny st. _J ___
A CIGAR stand close to Mark'et and Ellis
sts.; good will; $700 stock at Invoice; rare
chance; be-l business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 U Kearny s^
A— $lf>50: STATIONERY and school supply
store on G«ary St.; this store is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 years and will stand closest
investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Keai ny st. ' - * ¦
A— $C00; CORNER -aloon with 3 rooms; reat
$42: surrounded by factories and malthouses:
$400 cash, balance on time; place established
years. See R. G. WILKE. 2«& Kearny Et.
A— $350;. EMPLOYMENT office, doinjr a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKK. 2CK Kearny «t.
X — $4000; ELEGANT and first-class saloon
clos* to Market fit.; net rent $125; 4V4 years'
leaes. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny st^
A — $350; CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building; a good raying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 2(}% Kearny s^
A— $2C50; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $00: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WILKE-. 20'i
Kearay st.
A— $1SOO; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; disagree-
ment of oartners cause of sale; will eell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st. -
A — (1250; CORNER ealoon on fourth St., clcse
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good caylng business. Se?
R. t G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. *
A — $S00; DAIRY Droduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: businesa clears above $100
per month: living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny 6t.
$S0OO— BEST paying country hotel in Califor-
nia; profits clear about $400 month over ex-
penses; cause, sickness; whole property in-
cluded; all completely furnished. THE AL-
DEN CO.. HIS Broadway. Oakland.
?14C0 — OLD established bakery and coffee sa-
loon In Alameda County: all complete. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
HORSESHOEING, carriage making businesa
for sale; owner leaving city;, bargain. Fell
and Gough sts. ¦
$300 — GOOD paying restaurant, with 3 fur-
nlEhed rooms above It; rent $35. 829 Mission.
BAKERY for sale at 1550 Church at.; good
business: all Etore trade; owner going East.
WHOLE or half interest in one of best located
saloons in city. Box 3423. Call office.
DELICATESSEN, liquor store; good location,
for Bale; r»as. ; no agents. Box 342t>, Call.
FOR rale or exchange, restaurant and oyster
house; reason, other business. 1069 Market.
BRANCH bakery for sale. 1026^ Hyde St.. op-
poslte power-house.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406. "Examiner" building.
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th flocr.
Up-to-date offices. Strictly business methods.
NEW AND MODERN.
47 rooms, elegantly furnished in velvet car-
pets and golden oak; electric elevators; lease
fcr 5 years: make offer; will clear $215.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL— $7000.
Cost $14,000; clears $400; aristocratic; corner.
40 ROOMS— $3000.
Wide halls; 2 floors: rent $100; long lease;
building: and furniture nearly new.
15 ROOMS— MAKE OFFER.
Near FIn<t Congregational Church; clears
$65 month; owner leaving city; installment
pale.
I 16 ROOMS— $600.
This big flat is full of roomers; north of
market; rent $25; almost no work.
100 ROOMS — $S500.
Hotel, new and modern in every depart-
ment, electric elevator; electric lights, suites
with private baths; large commercial sample
rooms; long lease:- special attention to tourist
and family trade.
$200 DOWN.
8-room corner flat. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; rent $30; price $t55O; newly furnished.
OUR NICEST.
30 rooms, new and modern; extra fine fur-
niFhtngs; hot water In every room; very swell;
$1000 to $1500 cash necessary: clears $170.
$4500— Clears $400 TO $500.
Greatest "transient money house In San
Francisco; will clear $400 to $500 a month:
the best business proposition In this city; re-
duced for quick sale to $4500; strict accounts
kept.
22 ROOMS.
Partly furnished house in nice location; 4
blocks north of Market; full; price $900.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boardinc-house. with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, en Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti>-4 Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat, S rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $3T»; cheap, $»6i>; large list of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearnj- st.
GOOD chance — $150; furniture of 8 rooms,
boarding and lodging house: all full. 1031
McAIIUter st.
SPIRITUALISM.
RETURNED— Miss C. C. Kotter circle every
night 10c; Monday eve. developing circle;
fittings dally, ladies 50c. gents $1; card read-
ing 25c. 34 Sixth st.. room 12. ¦
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavia; phone Scott SS7.
MRS. HARLAND'S circles evenings; to-night
10c: business readings 50c. $1. 148 Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test fceances every night
except Sat.. 10c.; Kit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth St.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF^SOR~PAULnDESTINET~
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PaltnUt Ever in San Franc'sco. .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mininr. health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 1. in. to « p. m.
326 — O'Farrell Et. — 320. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented or not eatisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of iife; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4509.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny Et.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorao saved me serious mis-
takes," says Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mail, $1.
Send month and year of birth.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
' st., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to A p. — i. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory an in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
LIFE MYSTERIES .REVEALEIX ~
MRS DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-
j raphy in the world whose system never fails.
Learn it; It will bring you HEALTH,
WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 418 Post st. ••"-....
MISS ZKMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.
I have astonished thousands with my wonder-
ful correct horoscope of their lives, past,
present and. future: I correctly treat your
love affairs, domestic troubles, bus. & finan.
success; names; L. SOc, G. $1. 714 Franklin.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born, with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladles ¦ 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
A — Mm". Ravenna reada life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. S 4th st.. near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates .and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason ;no sign.
MME. WALTERS, great card readerT~la7~25c!
- gents SOc. :)51 Mission «t-, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. genU SOc; readings duly. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. E. L. ¦ DAVIS, clairvoyant,'' card . reader.
959 Mission St., room 6L .
MME. BARTAN, professional card reader.
216',* Sixth St.; 25c
THE^CALL
JOHS P. SPBECKEIiS, Proprietor.
XE-iEss CGn_-UcatioEs to IDHS KcSlUGKT, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per Week, 75
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL Ouclud. Sunday). 1 year. -$S. 00
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4^00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month <»«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i- 00
r nRPTrv Dally.... $S. 80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN 6un __y. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Weekly-. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
«r»s» chculd b» particular to Klve both >EW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
pr-oinpt ar.d correct compliance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
IIIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone Isortn Ti.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Etreet. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WeJdorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. Bl
Unica Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fiftb-ave-
r.u» Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
She— nan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Build g
O«ng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
N~W TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCSnCSBS OFFICE of the 5an Francisco
Ce.V. corner Market and Third streets; open
urtli 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: .
f27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
TOO Haye.* etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
ff2 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IM1 Mlsfion etreet: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
KTK3 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets.
open unttl 9 p. m. .
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fill— ore street: optn until 9 p. m.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., «
will meet THIS E\EN-<y_f
ING November 10, at 7:30 o'clock. /\/\
M M. degree. By crder of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and 55
A M.— Called mt-eting THIS (TUES- VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Y\
Third degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F and A. »
M —Third degree THIS (TUESDAY^ NrSf
EVENING at 7:30 o" clock. /?>
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. :
MAGNOLIA Lodg- No. 29. I. O. O. .£__££__
r.— IniUation THIS EVENING.
V. R M»i^S. Noble Grand. "*^S^
SAML'KL POLACK. Sec'y. -jgiMW*^
HERMANN Lodge No. 145. I. O. O -f^Bg— r
F. — The funeral committee cf g^gsSafc^
i.l..,v. 1 idse l« hereby noticed to
abMrmble at Eureka HaJl. Odd *«RiKWS« ir
Fellows' building, at 12 nv. on WEDNES-
DAY. November 11. 1903. to attend the funer-
al of our late brother. P. G. WILLIAM
IiEUTER^ S. COHN. Secretary.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. .*•-_£_,
i O. C F. — Initiation v Er>-.yk^£S_«-
XESDAY 3VF.NING. Nov. 11 . "-t-55<?5*3
Visitor*- cordially invited. '2I5KFJ*'
GUST AVE A. HUEBNER, N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEARY. Rec. Sec.
POHONACHEE Tribe No. 10, lm- __~H_.
proved O. R. M.— Brothers: You .^__C*>
are hereby notified to attend the *i_rW/
funeral of our late brother, PAULINE PE-
TKBSON. at the funeral parlors of Gantner
Bros 1209 Mission «t.. between Eighth and
Ninth, en TUESDAY. November 10. at 2
P WILLIAM NUTTALL. C. Of R.
8. M. WEBB. Sachem.
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice Is hereby given
that the thirteenth annual meeting of
'.r.e stockholder* of the San Francisco Home
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
-office of the Corporation, No. 51S Montgom-
ery «t.. San FranclKco. WEDNESDAY. Nov.
11, 19P3. at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose
cf electing directors fcr th» ensuing year,
Presentation of the thirteenth annual report
and the transaction of Fuch business as nay
romti before the meeting. Bocks are now
rpen for 1000 share* of stock of the four-
teenth, eeries. By oriier of the Board of Dl-
rectorg. A. SEARBORO. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing cf Th" Union Ice Company will be held
• t th*- office of the company. 324 Pine st..
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November
18, 1SKJ3. at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
•-iectir.g ' a beard cf directors to serve for the
ensuing -year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ir.g. ; C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
Nov-reber 4. 1903.
.' AGENTS WANTED.
j
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth ha vint,-. Great Western lmprove-
cient. Company. Parrott bldg.
ATTOIINEYS-AT-LAW.
""„ A D VICE FREE. "
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Km. 65. 3*16 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily an4
reanonably. Collections, no matter how smalt,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 622U. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
cats, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
til. 511A. 511B CroMley Bldg. Tel John 2P26.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Minion St«.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
bee —<• av'i eave tnonry; no pay in advance.
G. TV KOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
F.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room eil ; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments collection?, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 8601.
ADVICE fret — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
casee; no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs in ail cases
of merit: no advance charges, no fee, unless
•uccesefu'. E. J. BANKS. Examiner build-
in s. third floor.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings: tenants
ejected. *5. 016 Market, r. C2. phone Black 651.
DIVORCE— Cost*. $12; Quirk, quiet; open even-
ings. . S27 Market St.. room S01.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Cl-nie bldg.. 603 California St.; teL Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 93 Chronicle bldg;.:
ccmtnissioner for oaths. England and Ireland.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
lsw business. W. W. Davidson, 927 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
THE HERMIS CLUB. — — -
lte a bookmaker and handle the public's
money; guesswork won't pick winners; form
Isn't certain. Why not get on the Inside?
Percentage bookmuking is our keynote to
ruccecs. We purpose making one of the
largest books on the California tracks dur-
ing the coming winter meeting. Subscrip-
tions for stock In this book now open. For
further particulars rail or address our offices
iwms 3 and 4. 930 Market st. THE HER-
MIS CLUB. Statements and settlements
v.-etkly. Best of references given.
6OUTH American explorer and prospector will
organize ezrWllUon for Peru and Bolivia.
Party with S10U0 can get opportunity to
make big money. Answen with full particu-
lars cf yourself. - No agents need apply. Bex
S47, Call office. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR eale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment house of 175 rooms
In the city's ewctlest locality; partly fur-
nished, and although just opened is over half
filled wilb . rec-lar tenants already: long
lease; if you want an apartment house don't
fail to ret particulars of this at rooms 1404
and 1405. Call building.
Tirr-TT&Miinn 1 i ¦ ¦M-i_i-_-iin n 1 ¦- r 111 1 _rirr *f r JnWFTV -.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Continued.
MURRAY & READY .... 634-S36 Clay st.
r: Phone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
' 1902 we gave ' T 19<a we'll Klve
43,000 men work. : ¦ -60.0UO men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass on every train.
Section hands, muckers,- drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Stables. Farms. - Orchards. Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands, $¦«». $35. $40 and
found: milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, *-W to $60.
" 3tJ5 woodchoppers. i!S7 tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. POKTER3.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
. ranches, city and country, |30 to $70 found'.
Waiters, city and country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs. $4O to *90 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country.
many in San Francisco. $2 25.
Six slack coopers, 9c: five cabinetmakers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-«3« Clay st.
SPECIAL. ~ ~ _
Gang edgerman. lumber company, $6o found.
Packer and shipper, furniture, $2 50 a day.
Track foreman lumber company, free fare,
$40 and found; stenographer an.l typewriter,
hotel grocery- 2 coatmakers, country: porter.
groceYy. country store, $30 and found; book-
bindery man. city. $10 week.
MURRAY & READY, C34-6.TJ Clay St.
COAL Oregon. Free fare.
Miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FOUR Italian foremen, railroad work. $3 a day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
- Carriage trimmer and harness maker, good
wages- boiler cleaner. Babcock & Wilson.
$2 50 day; buttermaker, $33 and found:
baker's helper, $25 and found; cook, -$50, In-
stitution; cook, $60. hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : 14
years* practice; references from thousands or
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — A salesman .to'sell ruffled and cluny
curtains to the Jobbing and retail trade. John
M. HassaH, 7S Bedford St.. Boston. Mass.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bU3 and baggage to and from ferry-
ALL s.'zes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 25c
tn SOc. 5ti3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TO Whom It May Concern — We will sell at
public auction at the Arcade Horse Market.
;J27 Sixth st.. Wednesday, Nov. 17. at 11 a.
in., one Dhaeton and single harness. the
property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
sold for storage bill). Devisadero-st. Sta-
ble. ARMERS & WISECARVER.
BREWSTER extension brougham. coup*
rockaway, good phaeton Toomey & Frailer
cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and
Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of horses, wagons, carts, buggies
and harness sold at auction every Tuesday
11 a. m. at 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth and Shot-
well
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 goods horses. 327
. Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons. 'buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th-Valenda
HOUSES Fl'UMSUEU— FOK SALE.
14 HOUSEKEEPING rooms, near Mint; well
-furnished; good tenants; price $425; sacri-
fice. 949 Mission st.
PRETTY home. 10 rooms, suitable for boarding
or rooming: choice location; rent $40. 800
Leavenworth: call afternoons.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
Bt.. on the square.
CASTRO. 8C9 — 9 sunny rooms, bath, large base-
ment; yard, garden. Key 811.
DETACHED sunny house; 5 rooms, bath, yara,
cellar. 1633 Laguna St.. near Sutter.
HOUSE, store. 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
chicken houses, 153 Pay St.; $20.-
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN *¦ KOWKLL. 23 Post st.
LOST AAD FOUND.
LOST — Leather purse, with stripe across, con-
taining coin and notes. Finder will receive
liberal reward by returning same to 306
Montgomery st., San Francisco.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
Bank of San Francisco in the name of DORA
B. CRAIG, No. 24S-1001. Finder please re-
turn to the bank.
LOST — In or near Ingleslde Courslug Park, a
silver chatelaine . bag containing money.
Please return 10S2 Ellis st. ; liberal reward.
FILLED watch, with diamond fob, with in-
ltlals P. G. Return 927 Halght St.; reward.
LOST — Saturday, case containing eyeglasses
and chain. ' Return to Call office.
LOST — Gold watch and vest chain; monogram
M. N. S. : case number M 3308; works num-
ber 2430757. Return to 636 Mission St.; re-
ward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Sosiety of ' San Francisco in th«
name of ALICE E. PROVENCE. No. 271-
023. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pocket-book containing note and con-
tract: $5 reward. CRAIGIE SHARP, 713
Sycamore st., Oakland. _
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold *nA silver to iaalr> new watch caaea.
MEDICAL.
MR& DR. WYETH, specialist for all femal*
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and lrregrularltles; Instant re-
lief guaranteed, j 10GS>4 Market st., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating plUa
eold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
- syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1019 Market at.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: lnst. relief:
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN.' 1113 Market— Reliable ladtas'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10. -
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herba. .
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-ha_d machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 196-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — FlrBt-class city route on Los An-
geles Times ;• excellent opportunity for large
Increase; owner obliged to go East; will sell
cheap. Inquire 649 Cornwell st., Brooklyn
I Heights. Los Angeles, CaT.
FOR »ale— New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
good business; only cash sale considered. Ad- I
dress G. B.. box 520, Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale— New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
.good business: only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. B.. box 520 Sacramento, Cal.
2D-II AND machinery, boilers, engine*, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing. Parlors. .238 Kearny St.."
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 78. Pop-
p ular Price . Hatters, [ 330 , Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. . Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS. - sells ' or . rents gear machinery. ' en-
gines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulley*.
•+ etc. WHITELAW. 253-263 Spear st.
j TYPEWRITERS.' slightly used, sold at cost;
I new Underwood visible ", typewriter catalog
j sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
'A* VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
' HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth . st. '
"'. FOR sale— Open " rubber-tired carriage, with
. . break oa; S30Q. Call 1327 Pierce *_
Our friend to the right haa a problem on hand,
' He's considering how to dispose of some land.
We can tell him a way he can sell in a hurry
- And a customer find without trouble or worry.
Let him write for The Call a well- worded Want Ad,
Which will tell where it is. on what terms to be had.
And there's no room to doubt before many days
He'll dispose of the land and we'll have his strong praise.READING, Pa., Nov. 9.— A notice was
posted to-day at the tub© mill of the
Reading Iron Company that the wages
of the employes would be subjected to a
reduction of 4 per cent.
Employes' Wages Lowered.
will be settled.
nednesday afternoon, wnen more charac
ter witnesses will be introduced and the
question, of the Los Angeles depositions
WASHINGTON, Nov. £ Hyde,
statistician of , the Department* of Agri
culture, who represented that. department
at several important statistical conven
tions In Europe last summer, is ill in
London.
Statistician Hy3e r ' Is HI.
VAULEJO. Nov. 9.— Last week an ordi
nance aimed at the side entrances of
saloons and the serving of liquor to
women In saloons was defeated at a meet
ing of the Board of City Trustees.
This week the. police are applying the
existing ordinances in an endeavor to put
a stop to poker playing and the conduct
ing of gambling games behind closed
doors. Armer Keshishyan. William Ray
cock and John Demetrie have been ar
rested on charges of violating the city
ordinances prohibiting gambling.
POLICEMEN" OF VALLEJO
WAR ON THE GAMBLERS
Arrests Made in the City Near tha
Navy Yard for Alleged Law
Violation.
The mystery is how he has existed in
his perilous place, being shut oft from the
air, but the miners stated that the water
has furnished sufficient air to sustain life.
NEVADA CITT. Nov. 9.— After working
since Friday afternoon a large crew of
miners in the Union blife gravel mine,
north of Bloomfield. this morning suc
ceeded in reaching the place where the
quicksand caused the big cave.
The dead body of Giovanni Freadosco,
one of the imprisoned miners, was found.
He was caught In the quicksand and
completely burled. H. D. Evans, th«
other miner. Is believed to be alive in
the, tunnel back. of the cave. A tapping
of the earth brought a signal to-day and
now all haste is being made tp rescue the
miuer. He has been there nearly three
days and all hope for his life had been
abandoned.
*. ¦¦ • -
MANILA, Nov. 9.— Major General Leon
ard Wood reports that the Moros of Jolo,
from whom he has been expecting trouble,
have at last revolted, j On October 30 a
body of them attacked a battery of ar
tillery under command of Captain D. J.
Romboughs, and firing was kept up all
day, with little effect, only two of the
American force being wounded during the
engagement. General Wood left to-day
for the. scene of the disturbance. He is
quoted as having said that prompt ac
tion would be necessary or the trpuble
would reach larger proportions. A long
expected Issue has been raised, he said,
which he was prepared to settle Imme
diately. The garrison at Jolo is being
strongly reinforced.
The troublesome Sultan Barca of Lanao
has Just sent in a letter of submission to
General Wood, and conditions in this
portion of the island are. excellent, with
the exception of Jolo.
A mass meeting has Just been held here,
attended" by residents of all nationalities,
which has Indorsed Executive Secretary
A. W. Fergusson for the\ vacancy on the
Philippine Commission which will be cre
ated upon the retirement of Governor
Taft at the close tif the year.- The in
dorsement was embodied in a cablegram,
which will be sent to President , Roose
velt and to the United States Senate.
Comrades Work Hero
ically at the Bloom
field Tunnel.
Tribesmen Attack Bat
tery of AmeFican
Artillery.
MINE PRISONER
SIGNALS FOR AID
MOROS OF JOLO
ARE IN REVOLT
Harry Gllson, who desired to convey the
Impression that he hem a position In the
editorial department of a newspaper, but
who was found to be a linotype operator
and friendly to the saloon man, was next
called. He gave Simpson a good reputa
tion.
M. A. Lang of the Wellarid Brewery
said he knew nothing of Simpson except
in a business way, and that he paid his
bills promptly. Lang refused to express
a private opinion. tv.-: '
John . F. Murray, who leases the cigar
store 'in front of Simpson's saloon, never
heard any evil "of the saloon*, man, and
Hugo Fritz, a uauor drummer, said that
he had always settled his accounts when
ever he agreed to do so. •
F.- Andrews, • another . linotype operator
who frequents the saloon,- said that Simp
son was a • good ;; man.' ' ¦ '¦ , '
Adjournment was then taken until Wefli
Simpson then attempted to vindicate his
character.by the testimony of several.wit
nesses. The first was Henry Clay, a bar
tender who had been in his employ. Clay
gave his employer a good reputation, but
finally admitted that he . .»ad heard of
Simpson being mixed up In ' a swindling
game in Ventura; . that he had also un
derstood he , was the principal in a $15,000
gold brick swindle in Los -Angeles, but
he did not remember that Simpson had
been made the defendant in an adultery
case and that his father had put up
money tp get the complaining witness out
of the country.
Captain Spillane was then put on the
stand and contradicted Murphy. He said
that he had censured the patrolman for
not making more arrests and avoiding the
complaints that came in about women,
and that Murphy's excuse for not exercis
ing his authority was that he was follow
ing the Instructions of Wolf. •'.-¦
SIMPSON'S REPUTATION.
Walsh averred that he had been warned
to look out for himself, as he would be
done up. Patrolman Peter Murphy was
then called and questioned with regard
to a conversation he is alleged to have
had with Captain Spillane. Murphy was
asked if he had ever told the captain
that he did not arrest women because
Wolf had forbidden him to do so, and he
replied that he had never made such a
statement. . :
Patrolman John F. Walsh was then re
called and denied the conversation attrib
uted to him by Patrolman Cavanaugh and
five brother officers on the morning after
the first hearing of the case, in which it
was alleged that he said he intended to
break Wolf. Walsh admitted that he dis
cussed the case with Patrolman Brown en
a street car and that Brown told him
that all the policemen would be "down"
on him for having given such testimony.
Walsh "further said that Wolf had told
him in the month of May to permit wom
en of ill-fame on the street— that there
would be money in it for him. Walth
claims that he replied that he did not
wish to make money in that way and the
Incident closed. In June Wolf again
broached the subject, but gave as a rea
son this time that the women were use
ful to the department !n giving infor
mation, and that by driving them from
the streets the milliner, dressmaker and
shoe dealers would suffer. Wolf had
brought Walsh before the Commission
ers but three days before on a charge of
being absent from his beat.
WALSH ACCUSES SERGEANT.
The sergeant's testimony was a contra
diction of the charges made against him.
He said he had never solicited money,
never received any nor had he been lax in
his duty. He said that Simpson's saloon
was the worst of its character in the dis
trict and that he had much trouble with
it; owing to the fact that patrolmen were
negligent in giving him information. It
then transpired that there had been some
correspondence between the Polic» De
partment of this city and the police of
Los Angeles, but that Chief Wittman was
absent from the city when it was ex
changed, hence had no knowledge of it.
A letter from the Los Angeles police was
introduced in evidence. It was of a char
acter sustaining Simpson, rather than in
juring him, and said that he had on many
occasions given the police of the southern
city Information.
The first deposition read was made by
Edward F. Dishman, a newspaper re
porter on the Los Angeles Times. Dish
man related that Simpson's saloon in that
city was one of the lowest type; that it
came to be regarded as a dive, and that
the proprietor was constantly :n trouble
and under the surveillance of the author
ities. Then objection was mad« to the
depositions on the grouni that they did
not prove "truth or veracity"' and they
were submitted to the attorneys to elimi
nate the objectionable features.
Captain of Police Anderson gave Wolf
a good reputation; "said that he was a
brave, active and intelligent officer and
had done much work in the section allot
ted to him. Lieutenant Colby verified
this, and said that Wolf had never shown
discrimination In matters regarding po
licemen or saloon men. Sergeant Maho
ney averred that the sergeant's reputation
was good; that he rendered efliclent ser
vice, and that 'officers had * complained
that he pressed them too hard with their
duties. Among the latter was Patrolman
Walsh. Sergeant Wolf then took ths
stand.
SERGEANT WOLF TESTIFIES.
The case of Sergeant R. A. Wolf,
charged with having taken money from
George B. .Simpson, a saloonkeeper at tie
corner of Mission and Seventh ¦ streets,
•was continued yesterday afternoon at a
special session of the Police Commission
ers. Testimony as to the character of
the complaining witness was given by
men who had heard it discussed and some
depositions regarding Simpson's Los An
geles record were withheld until certain
statements which are not pertinent to
the matter can be eliminated by consent
of the attorneys representing both sides.
During the session yesterday Police
man John F. Walsh, whose testimony
was strongly against the accused officer
at the first hearing of the case, made sev-'
eral additional statements that* were ex
ceedingly damaging to the defendant. Pa
trolman Peter Murphy made statements
that- were flatly contradicted by Captain
Spillane. Then the case was postponed
until to-morrow' afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Frank Gllger, a salesman, testified that
Simpson had been mixed up in a deal by
which Japanese women were swindled in
Ventura and that he had caused his
father much trouble in getting him out of
various difficulties. E. B. Doyle, who was
Simpson's former partner in tfie saloon
business, said that he gave up his inter
est because the place became too rough
for him. John Purvis, -a foreman at the
new Postofflce building, had heard 5 the
saloon man's reputation discussed and
said that it was not good.. H. M. Ohms,
a contractor, gave similar testimony.
Charles E. Wunder, a breweryman, said
that Simpson's record in Los Angeles was
bad. It was then admitted that sixty
eight saloon men in Wolfs district would
testify that they had never paid the ser
geant any money and the matter, of depo
sitions taken in Los Angeles was taken
up. ,'\ '
Character Witnesses Occupy
Much of Afternoon
' Session.
Policeman Walsh Makes
Further Charges
Under Oath. .
MORE EVIDENCE
IN WOLF CASE
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10. 1903.
13
\ PERSONALS- — Conttnoed.
UQCOR »>*t>lt csn& W* guarantee to ew
uU liquor haWt in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co . 997 Market, r. 202.
tJrUNKEN'N ESS rnorpblne and all drugs dls-
¦ eases positively c-ir*A by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk «t.; consuH«ticn free :call or writ *.
REMOVAV-PR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved b:» c'.Tie* frcm 2253 Mission Bt. to
rooms 673 and ET* Farrott bl<!g (Emporium).
AT less than >-Cst uncalled for eults. overcoats
and trouwr. at CHARLES LTONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
•¦U'lTS to order on inrtaTirnents,. >1 per \»e*k.
Ncuhau* A Co.. gerch-tailors. 727-729 Market.
PL'PERFLl'Ors hair & moles removed by elec-
tric ne*<!> Pr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE beft p'.ace to buy good umbrellas or
, have thftr covered or rfpalred Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE «uit *7 W>; dress p&nts ?2 SO.
•OafltOi^aC Parlor, cor. Dush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs.
o*cr.try orJers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 MkC
ALJ"REDl~ M ' s EiOTttsn Henna restores grray
heir to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
hair and moles removed with elec-
tri? ne«"3!e Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
rArEIUlAJSGIXG. FAXVTIXG. ETC.
BOOMS papered. $3 CO up; tinting, painting.
Hartraar. Patr.t Co.. 319 Sd st. ; tel. Main 41S.
PHYSICIANS AVD MJIlGEOTfS.
JDR C. C. bxX>NNELL^o7fice"andTresTdencN
10214 Market Et.. b«t. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
1",1>X)D. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
lifca O "ED- d£ \TONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases "of th« human body for
r .a*t four rears at: 115-117 Mason; cow lo-
cated at C67 Geary/st.. near Leavemrorth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Ps
Tat, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. II. C. WOXO. 719 Post St.: all diseases
cared ty Chinese herbe; consultation free.
VTO2WO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eares currd by Chinese herbs. 74e-8 Clay st.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern. 4-3
r"cm apartments ; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
GOLDE2? GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4
r'joms; clean, cczy and convenient; with use
of, piano. ,
HOWARD. 1050 — Pur.r.y houwkfplni rooms',
also fing-le; ebs; ?<3 to (14 month.
MODEL HOUSE. 120C Stockton gt. — Newly fur-
nished rooms. ?5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
• t-ACRAMENTO. 13;»0— 2 housekeeping rooms,
'urnith*-d. or unfurn.; funny; 2 large closets.
HvaiiekpK Itoouia Apartm't Houses.
T.I. MOXTEKEY, the city's newest apartment
iicttl. located on the north eide of Pine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth ; a superb
brick building oi architecture; all the
<oraferts of housekeeping combined with the
conveniences of hotel life; an excellent grill
room in connection; prices very reasonable.
A- "^— THE LUCERNE .
LARKIN ST.. UET. SUTTER AND BUSH;
THE 6CNXIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITT; THOROUGHLY
MODERN: SUHERIOH SERVICE: CHOICE
LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES; NOW OPEN.
THE Frederick. W>\ Stanyan. cpp. Park — Furn.
BrTttTierts: pri. bath: i>team heater; janitcr.
. BOOMS TO LET — Furnu and I nfurn.
A-BRUNAVICK Houee. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
£5c to $1 per night, SI 25 to J5 per week and
light hoieekeeping roomt; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Room*. 25c, 50c. f 1. JL 53 night;
• Jl 50 to $10 w«k; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nifhed rooms, suitf. single; also unfurnished.
CJIELSEA. e, S. Kid* Bufh. near Powell — Cozy
front rocm; 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. Cot Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms'; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 3609, near Scott— Nice large furnished
room; eas; $H. —
FRANKLIN, 721, r.ear Turk— Sunny front
rooms: ail ccsvrienees; suitable for one or
two; fSfcO to JIT.
FVLTON, fcS5 — Newly furrJshed bay window
front rooms, en euite or 8-ingle; gas. phone, j
GRAND Southern, 7th .-.ni Mission — Rooms 50c j
to $1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room. !
HAYES. 385 — Front furnished room; large '
closet; rent $<5.
KNICKERBOCKER apartment*. 1340 Pine. nr.
Hyde— Steam heat, electric lighted. fre«
bath; 3-room suites furnished. $30 up.
'LA.GUNA ax3 McAllister. St. James Cat — Sun-
ny Elngie room.
•ROYAL Houye, 126 EU!s— Incandescent lights.
• readict-rooni. exnokinF-rootn and ladies' par-
' lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, 12
to $5; month. $S to $30; -elevator on ground
f.oor; rooms wlrh hot and cold water; baths.
THE Or.'.ffri*. 119 Pth Et. — Furnished rooms.
tl-r.Q-S2 50 »k,; trans.. .V)c-$1 r.'.ght; quiet.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
i 400 single and farr.ily rooms; 25c to $1 night;
fl 75 to tfi ww=k; elevator; electric lights;
reB4ir.g-roo:r.; '.r~- bus and bapgage.
VAN NESS. Sift — Hanlfoire cunny furnished
*u;te« and single rooms; all conveniences.
"WINCHESTER Hole 1 ,, 44 3d rt.. near Market-
Most convenient f-.r.d refutable; 700 rooraa:
"55c to $1 50 r.lght; J2 to ?« week; elevstor;
>Iec. Slghtr: read:r.g-room: free bus: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «j»^crl r tlon» received at
"»¦! Branch r,'ft<**. cor. Punran & Church sta.
t BOOMS AM) BOARD,
h^t^eITIial^more! !" nru "
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
PTLECT. FIRST-CLASS FAMILT HOTEL.
New and modern appointments; lnteroom-
rav:5lcatlr.g and long distance phones in every
Try.Tji; steam heated; hot and cold ocean water •
batfts; cuieine and service best; American plan
only. $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
fc'TEVENSON mansion. 807 Calif orcia et. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best tabl* and
t'Tvice; lc.weet rates.
Van NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-hems*.
. homeUkr; everything first-class; euany '
•::tp»: finrl* nv.my: rholre locality; ret. •
LKO \L ADVCUT1SEMLXT8.
NOTICE TO CLAIMANTS— Notice is hereby '
given that the following described mer-
chandise has bee-n seized at this port for
violation of the United States revenue laws,
to-wlt:
4 {.-tael boxes prepared opium. Aug. 29,
1S93; 86 cigars, Jan. 2. 1K»4; 4 &-tael boxes
prepared option, Aug. 13, 18»6; 10 5-tael •
boxes prej<tred opium, Aug. 13, 18»6; 100
cigars and 100 cigarettes, Nov. 24. 19C2- 1
rackaee i-S'.k. Nov. 2*. |M2j 2 pieces doth.
J-eb. 11, IMS; 1 package cloth, Feb 12. 1903-
JN> cigars. K fb . 17. 15,03; 8 meerchaum -
p! ?t Bt J » 4 J n ** r *chaum elgar-boldere. Feb. 26.
1&03; 12 bottle* whinky, March 2. 1803- 700
cigars, March 12. 1MB; 144 bottles gin 48 I
bottlea whisky. Z'i lbs tobacco, 1550 cir'ars,
March 12. 1S*»3; 4fi« pkgs Chinese playing!
h ctrds. March 23. 1^03: 0 pieces silk, 1 piece •
- wool cloth. March 25. 1903; VI pkgs. buttons. '
2 piece* cloth, March £.*,. 1&&3; K75 ciRar*
Mirch 28, 1803; 46 Flik handkerchiefs. 3 lln-
«n handkerchiefs, March 30, 1SKI3- Ii3 eilk
• rt.pt, 200 cigars, April 3, 1903; 1 r,kg silk
klmona,, April 9, 1903; 1 tea set, Ap-il 0 'l'jOV
1 tea eet. April t». 1903; 1 tea set 'l Viik
rown, 6 eilk handkerchiefs. April 0 19ov
1 silk umbrella, April 9. 1&03; r.4 silk hand-
kerchiefs, 250. cigars, April h, nxxv 5o<) ci-
gars, April 16, 1903; 1 lot miscellaneous artl
cles, April 16. 1UC3; 300 cigars, April 18
1&02; 1C50 cigars. April 20. 15*03; 25K cigars'
Arrll 20. 19<j3; 1 Filk ehawl. April 30 l»0?
1 sills, shawl. April 30. 1&03; 4 pieces wool
*:>th.. April 30. 1903; 1 piece dress goods
fj ril 30. 1903; 4 pieces cotton cloth. 2 bed
<V<mforters. April SO. 1903; 1 smoking Jacket f
May 4, l»03; 1 tea set, May 4, l»f«- 1 niece
»ool cloth, May 4, 1903; 2 pkg*. silk shawls
Slay 4, 1903; 200 cigars. May 4, 1903- 80 5I
ttci boxes prepared opium. May 7, ijkq- «
. Pieces cloth. May 11, 1903; 40 silk handk'er-
• chiefs. 192 cigars. May 20, 19O.{; 2 pieces
e:;k, 3 pairs eSk hose. May 23, J903; 1 silk
etiawl," 1 fan, 1 coat of arms, 7 handker-
fMefs, 2 napkin rings. May £S, 1903; 1 bolt
Silk, 1 satsuma cup and vase. May 28 19U.V
i.V> cigare, June 4, 1&03; 126 pkgs. 'clgar-
'Mes, JOO cigars. June 11, 1903; 700 cigar- -
• ties. June 11. 1903; €25 cigars. June I L 1903; $
1 lot miscellaneous articles. June 15 1903-
1 lot miscellaneous articles. June 15, 19O3 ;
K00 cigars. June 17. 1903; 430 pkgs. Chines^
r-laytog-cards. June 18. 1903; C500 cigarettes
w ne . 18 * 1J^, ; '-**> clKar * June is. 1&03; =
I J ?, cl £f \ Ju!y 2 - ls * 03 : l te * «**. July 16 „
UQS; 290 cigars, July 16. It»03; 24 eilk caps C
Juiy 20 ' 1903 = 30 ° cigars, Aug 3' Z
1KB: 200 cigars. Aug. 5, 1903; 3 sltael jars '
ramsnu. Aug. 6. 1903; 1 S-tael box prepared „
opium. Aug 6. 1903; 9 embroidered silk '
ehawla, 6 siJk handkerchiefs, Aug. 7 jyfa-
J carved emu epps, Aug 18 lim- i* aXJz'
.nPhanakerchief,, ' 2 *?& *Ul™ ' Au?™? s
2903; 1 case crockery, Sept. 11. 1903- XT' B
pkgs. Chinese playing-cards. Bept. 11 Woo" -
II U £& e U k o™* 8 ' 2 cr< *heted skirts Sept."
¦bJ 903 '' 2 £**"• cl ff*«*tes. Sept. "g I&U3-
W. 1903; 1 box decorated china, Oct. 0. 1 903 G
£ P«-*°P* claiming the above described
merchandise, or any part thereof, are re-
?t* with the undersigned within twenty *
<!*>s from the first publication of this notice.
m2£!?*° the same will be sold at public '
auction, according to law; after due notice -
r££*f W - B ' HAMILTON, Special Z
Greater San Francisco's
Greatest Paper ...... .
THE GALL
The First of BRYSON'S SERIES OF GOUL
It Will Be Issued FREE With The
Sunday Call
=N0VEMBER 15=
¦ ¦¦*¦¦ « « « « «•« - . ....... - T T T . t , »«»>>>»» »«»»»«««»»¦
, . •
"AT THE OPERA,"
The first subject selected could scarcely be recognized 1
by the half-tone above, on account of the impossibility of
showine the exquisite coloring of the original by this
process. _. r
Copies of the original which are to be given away are
displayed in prominent places throughput the city. Don't
fail to inspect one.
"At the Opera" has a decidedly pleasing flavor in its
composition. It depicts a beautiful, buddine younc
woman, rich in all the attractiveness of her young life,
and typically an American Girl.
The ideal Grecian profile,' the rich coloring of her au-
burn hair, the carelessly draped opera gown, exposing
' her. delicately chiseled neck and bust, all combine to eive
the study a distinct character. The background could not
be more aptly described than by the saying — it's Bry-
son's — as in his execution and handling of colors he
seems to impart to his creations a bit of life and dash
seldom attained by contemporary artists.
REMEMBER— The publisher has no possible way of
knowing just howj many of this set to order; "the best he
can do is to guess; and as it will take weeks for addi-
tional orders to be refilled, it seems proper to suggest
that every one wanting this beautiful "Series in Gold"
ought to order from his carrier, newsdealer or 'phone
this office in ample time. The demand will be tremen-
dous.
ORDER TO-DAY. DO IT NOW.
Next Sunday's Call.
I. ' PALMISTRY.
I MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst: palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. acientlfle, palmist. BIS
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phona; Black 661.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
s DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. CHse.
r; 1023 Market st.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to
iC Gen. Miles; you want the best as well as h«.
.0 -' ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
r; NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only:
I. HO. $15. $20; slightly used: needier 20c dos.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Mar-net sf
* SPECIALISTS^^^^ ¦ •
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1. week's treat-
n j ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
y — M * ¦
l f SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
'' stamps for particulars. "Relief for .Ladles"
. in letter by return mall. Ask your'flruggist.
'' Chlcheeter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa,
• FREE manure; well rotted; take it away.
: " Eighth and Townsend sts.
"
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture.
* household goods stored.* moved, shipped. 725-
n 731 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
- 1 PI ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
j flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
•, CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
1' dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
l .! GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
r Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtngr Com-
; pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
Y BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut ratea.
1 } DIVIDEND NOTICES.
- mvTlJENI> notice^The^Giant Powdar^Ca^'
Con. — A dividend. No. 59, of fifty cents (50c)
per share on the Issued capital stock of the
; company has been declared payable at the
r office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
20C Hayward bldg., San Francisco, on No-
vember 10. 1903. Transfer books close Np-
s vember 3. 1903. at noon. C. ft. QUINN. Sec
It 1 1
° TE » 1^' < f ' AND STAMMEIUMi.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curii
e in rvry case; individual teaching; no medi-
a cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
r MARRIAGE LICENSES. *¦
j .. ___; . 1 .
» The following marriage licenses were Issued
: yesterday: »
Charles 3'. Emihons, 20. C" Jackson street,
and Marie Nestori, 16. 743 Chestnut street.
Alva A. Parker, 24, 835 Howard street, and
Ada I. Cannon, 20, 835 Howard street.
Gustav S. Hain. 33, SS.'i Haight street, and
Minnie A. Wagenknecht, 22, St. Paul, Minn.
William G. Hammond, 24, city, and Ger-.
trude Plato. 19. city.
Giovanni Bortoii, 29, 108 Pacific street, and
Cesarina Agresti. 24, 108 Pacific street.
James T. Boyd, 60, 1000 Haight street, an
Catharine M. Van Norden. 40. 1000 Haight.
Samuel A. Brittain, 28, Santa Rosa, and
-j Lizzie V. Howe, 21. Santa Rosa.
x Andrew P. Welch, 23, San Mateo, and Julia
de Laveaga. 21, city.
Tony L. Alborelle, 34, 911 Eddy street, and
Francis A. McMillan, 30, 911 Eddy street.
George La Montagne, 27, Clarksburg, and
C. May Bryan, 23, Courtland.
Albert L. Hueter, 24, Alma, and Agnes San-
derson, 24, 951 Alabama street.
Camille Clot, 44, 710 Broadway, and Sallle
c M. Picbe, 36, Petaluma. ' *
¦ Giovanni D. Fisoallnl, 26, Cambria, and Anna
- i Piezzoni. 22. Cambria.
1 I Edward G. Ganzt, 23. 115 Preclta avenue,
¦ ; and Eunice Cornelius, 25, Lind, Wash.
• I Luclan C. Henderson, 21. 605 Baker street.
j and Ieabelle McK. Ross. 18. Ashland, Ore.
Virgil D. Lane, 32, San Ramon, and Ella
I T. LyniJan, 22, Santa Barbara.
s ( Giuseppe Cuneo, 31, Ml Green street, and
- ; Giulla. Ouneo, 25, 504 Green street. • — -
j !• William M. Gainer, 2», 3819 Se%*enteenth, and
j Margaret A. Campbell, 24, Halfmoon Bay. -
Hans T. Petrikowskl, 42, San Diego, and
; Sunny Martens, 33, San Diego.
Mar Chi On, 41, Gardnervllle, and Fong
Dong Ho, 19. 920 Sacramento street.
] BIRTHS— MAERIAQES— DEATHS.
1 Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
I mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
j in at either of the publication offices and be
I j indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CARMODY— In this city. Noyember 5, 1903, to
the wife of Frank Carmody, a daughter.
EPSTEIN— In this city, November 6, 1903. to
; the wife of J. S. Epstein, a daughter.
FRANKLIN— In thia city, November 7. 1903,
to the wile of Harry P. Franklin, a daughter.
HINGSBERGEN — In this city. November ,1,
j 1903, to 'the wife of Herman Hingsbergen, a
daughter.
ROSE— In this city. November 9, 1903, to th»
wife of Hugh Rose, a daughter.
SERENSKY— In this city, November 9, 1903,
to the wife of Alfred Serensky, a daughter.
STRINGER — In this city. November 9, 1903,
to the wife of Al M. Stringer, a aon.
MARRIED.
JONE— HOP— In this city. November 7, 1903.
by the Rev. William C. Pond, Wong Jone of
San Francisco and Mies Joe Hop ot Fresno.
HAIN— WAGENKNECHT— In this city. No-
vember 8, 1903, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
Gustav Hain of San Francisco and Minnie
Wagenknecht of St. Paul, Minn.
LYON— COOK— In Redwood City. Cal., Novem-
ber 7, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. Gibbons, Colonel
James Jerome Lyon and May Franklin Cook.
~ DIED. " ~~~
Banahan, Michael Loudenslager, Agnes
Baumhoer, Frank - J. Lonjers, Ida Belle
Borel, Jules Magner, Max -
Burnham, Sophia A. Magulre, Mary
Carleton, Mrs. H. D. Mannix. Jx>hn J.
Daly. Mary E. McCooey, James
Doren, Gertrude McMichael, James
Donnelly, Sister M. O'Brien, Mollie
Faulkner, Mary Pettus, Lydia S.
Fitzgerald. James F. Reuter, William
Galland, Fredericke Scheid, Ernest A. F.
Glynn, Margaret Scott, Wm. G. M.
Horn, Jennie F. Shea, Charles
Jacobs, John C. Stack, Thomas
Larson, John E. Thomas, Martha E. '
Ledyard, Edward T.
BANAHAN — In this city, November 9, 1903.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Banahan. and father of Annie M., Daniel P.,
Raymond F. and the late John J. and Aileen
V. Banahan, beloved brother of Mrs.
F. McGrechan. Mrs. P. Donohue, Mrs. D.
Sullivan and Mrs. E. J. Mahoney, a native
of County Leltrlm, Ireland, aged 43 years.
(n7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 29 Van Nesa ave-
nue, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high rnae» will be celebrated for tho
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BT PATRICK'S ' Mutual Alliance Associa-
tion of California — The funeral detail will
assemble at 29 Van Ness avenue to escort
the remains of our deceased brother,
Michael Banahan, to St. Joseph's Church
on Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock, and from
there to th« place of interment. All members
invited to attend. • ¦ - . .
THOS. M. SEARY. President.
T. E. GIBBONS, Cor. Bee.
BAUMHOER— In this city, November 7, 1903,
Frank J., beloved husband of Jossle Baum-
hoer father of Bernelce Baumhoer. son of
Herman J Baumhoer, and brother of Mrs.
Mary Raabe, a native of Minnesota, aged 20
years 7 months and 17 days. A member of
Osceola Tribe No. 71, Improved Order of Red
Men and Sign and Pictorial Painters' Union
No. M0. (Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
Blon street, between Seventh • and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vice* will be held at 1 o'clock. .Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOREL— In this city. November 9, 1903. at his
late residence, 21 William street, Jules Borel,
beloved husband of Ells© Borel, and beloved
father of Juliette and Henry Borel. be-
loved eon of Mrs. E. Lannay, and brother
of Angella Borel and Mrs. M. Zaugg, a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 66 years. .
BURNHAM — In this city, November 8, 1903,
Sophia Augusta Burnhaci, a native of Maine,
aged 75 years. •' .
CTFrlenrts and acquaintances. are respect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 37 Chenery street, near Thirtieth..
Interment private. , .
CARLETON— In West Berkeley, Cal., Novem-
ber 8, l!»03. Mrs. Hepsibeth D. Carleton, be-
loved mother of Charles E. and the late
George H. Carleton, a native of Maine, aged
91 years 2 months and 10 days.
DALY— In this city, November fl, 1903, " of
pneumonia, Mary Elizabeth, dearly beloved
p.- J. Monahan, President. ¦ ','•'¦•
MONAHAN & CO.,
¦ (Inc.) '¦ '•¦'•. - > -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 3L , .
F. J. Monahan, President.
James McGinn. . , Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
-••Formerly With' McGinn Bros., : '•-.*,'
-____^Funerul Directors and Erabalmera.— —
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 870.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SPECK Sc CO..
B , a . J?W MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
Eeute Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Chance Taken of Property.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
S2^ nnn_T, MUST BE SOLD.
*-i«>.vw— Magnificent downtown Ellis-st. cor-
ner; nearly 100 ft. frontage; 5 stores
and so rooms above; good building;
riving leases and expending about $GOOC
Will rent for $1350 per month; no
choicer buy In the market.
tlinrv^ ( S UNER KEAK MARKET.
»130.000— Pir»t-st. corner: new brick building;
10 years 1 lease to one tenant; 9400 so..
rvJ£fL» floor EDac *: a very choice buy.
•P-tTJ^TH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
*w>.00O— Main corner; 75x100 feet; stores and
apartments above; pays 6 per cent net;
• v «ry safe Investment to hold.
*nn ivS E , S TERN ADDITION CORNER.
?•w.OOO— 32 new, UD-to-date flats; modern In
every respect; pays 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at
o'; 4 oer cent interest; lot 87:vixS4 feet;
0 blocks from new City Hall.
__. _^ NORTHWEST CORNER.
*oO,000 — I37:«xl37:<j; substantial Improve-
ments; Insured fo? $20,000: mortgage
1 of $30,000 at 54 per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
trn LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER. •
$j0,000— 87 feet frontage; stores and lodging-
house; pays o per cent net; offer of
$47,000 refused; such downtown cor-
ners are scarce.
• ««, ~^ SECOND-ST. CORNER.
flS.OOO— One and a half blocks from Market
St.; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to he had near Market et.; a
<>hance to make a turn at rood ad-
A-ance.
TEX YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
?4«,5OO — Corner; stores and apartment- houae,
60 rooms; 5-story building; 10 years"
secured lease; 1 tenant; $4400 annual
rents; will consider part exchange city
property: mortgage $20,000; pays over
s p«r cent net.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS. ! .
$42,000 — Lot 82x275; two frontages; IOtj rooms;
rent? $."150; cne tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. .
$23,500— Golden Gate ave., nr. Van Ness; 42x
120; 2 frontages; rents $144; can be in-
creased to $170; fine site for apartment-
house-.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000— Stores and lodging-house; rents, $165;
lot 3lt feet frontage ; pays over 0 pei
cent net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. '
$16.600 — O'Farrell St., east of Van Ness; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000 bank
mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:0x120: two
fronUigis.
WAPH1XGTOX-BT. RESIDENCE.
»15,000 — Modern 12-room residence; marine
view; building alone cost more than
price asked: lot 40x128 feet. •'
$12.500 — Southeast corner cf Pine and Webgtei
rts. : «2:<Sxl00; splendid site for flats.
$6,500 — Three fine fiats, vicinity 18th and
Castro; rents $5s a month; lot 25x125.
$1,400 — Corner lot. near Golden Gate Park;
25x100 feet.
| SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ONLY $3000.
Cheapest block of land in this city.
000x240 feet; 50 lots.
Beautiful trees.. Close to cars and school.
Biggest bargain on the market.
HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-C03 Examiner building.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; largo lots.
: 4 rooms— $29^0.
6 rooms — $."250.
I • 6 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — *3C0O.
7 rooms — $4100
6 rooms— $4600.
Located on First and Second ave., bet
Geary nr.d McAllister st. cars and one bloci
north of rark. F. NELSON, builder.
$250 AND $20 month; cottage, 5 r. and b., ot
Diamond, tvet. Jersey, Elizabeth. 25th, Army
$4f>00— 2 new fiats, 4-5 r. and b; Mission & 29th
$500 down; rent* pays the balance.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 33(tt Mission, st.
$50.000— 3-STORY pressed brick and baeemeni
building in the. vwy center of Oakland; leas<
for five years under guarantee lease; payln*
owner 6 i>er cent net on J50.00O. Address
Owner, box 813. Call office, Oakland.
NEW flats for sale on 16th Bt.. near Church
rented at $10*0 a year; apply premises
DAVID CONDON, builder and owner.
TO leaan or for fale — 4% acres; near Han Ma-
t«o. Particulars call 313 Langton Bt,. neai
Seventh, 9 to 10 a. m.
BUILD en your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
j FINE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
11I2AL ESTATE Country For Sale.
$10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
znllee from Sacramento; write for booklet;
It's free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 60S
J et.. Eacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market st.
IF you want a. stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS W. COE & CO.. 4!
West Santa »t.. San Joee. Cal. •
| TWO houses and lot with barn, paying 10 per
cent: reasonable: easy payments. Address
box B. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON ft KENDRICICPetaluma.
PO 1ST RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
map* photon. >to. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
RANCH, town or city property, with cash, foi
city home. BELOATE, room 219, ParroM
building.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$550— ACRE lot in University Heights, adjoin-
ing university grounds, i
$400 — 10- foot lots, one block from car line;
factory site: on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley; $10 per front foot.
3 acres, near town line; 6-room house, well,
barn, fruit trees, etc.; near electric cars;
J2C00; owner's health failing; must be eold at
once.
CHENEY & BERRY, - -
' Postof flce B ' ock > Berkeley.
FOR nale — Bargain for few days; NW. cor. lot
on Telegraph ave.; 52 feet frontage; 10 min-
utes' walk to U. C. ; also 7-room modern
house; all walls tinted, ceilings in hall, din-
inij-roorn and parlor frescoed. Call on or
address owner. C. E. BATDORF. 2401 Ward
et., near Telegraph ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 SB0ADWA7.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$200 CASH. $10 monthly, for Id lots. 200x200,
covered with variety of fruit trees; more land
adjoining at same rate; price fSOO.
$5 cash. $5 monthly; 4 ldts. 60x200; price
$300; the same price for 100x100 feet square;
also more land if needed.
$500 cash, $12 CO monthly; 5 full acres
French and German prune orchard; 2 fine
springs ; no better soil or climate In Califor-
nia; away from fogs and raw winds; adjoin-
ing Eaet Oakland; price $2750; will sell you
what you want of it.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh et..
opposite Broadway station, Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$2500 COST and is worth $3000— 35th St., near
San Pablo; only 4 blocks from Key route
station; 30 minutes from this house to
San Francisco by Key route; only one
fare; a modern bay-window cottage of 5
rocms bath high basement; lot 30x140;
2-story barn, graver drives; in fact, an
ideal home; terms only $500 cash, balance
mortgage. Seeing is believing; call early;
must be (sold; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. •
150 000 — Three-story.' pressed brick and base-
ment building In the very center of Oak-
land- lease for five years under guarantee
lease- paying owner 6 per cent net on $50,000.
Address Owner, box 843. Call Offlce.Oakland
OAKLAND Fl'UXITURE FOR SALI3.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.,cor.atore.Oaklnd.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE of 5 stalU to let to right man. 2838%
Harrison at.
TYPEWRITERS A»D SUPPLIES.',
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPKvVRITERS^wi
•ell better machines for less money than' any
house in th« city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriter* at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
daughter of Cornelius and Margaret Daly, a
native of ¦ San Francisco, aged 1 year 11
months and 13 days.
» '• (C7"The funeral will tak# place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
r residence, 618 Precita avenue, near Alabama
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
¦ DONNELLY (Sister * M. Bernadette) — To-
day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at Corpus
Christi (Italian) Church,~ Croke "street, off
I Mission, for the repose of the soul of Sister
M. Bernadette of the Sisters of " the Holy
; Family. , ,
' DOREN— In this city. November 8, 1003, Ger-
trude, dearly beloved twin daughter of Jo-
Beph J. and Mary E. Doren, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 21 days.
(C?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
> (Wednesday), at.l o'clock, from the resl-
" 1 dents of the parents, 203 Day street. Inter-
• ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 FAULKNER — In Bethany, November 8, 1903,
Mary, dearly beloved dauchter of William
B. and Katie Faulkner, and sister of James,
! Willie, Eddie and John Faulkner, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 26 days.
C"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
" -Tuesday, at 0:30 o'clock, at her parents'
• residence, Bethany. Interment at Llvermore.
FITZGERALD— Entered into" rest at his late
residence, 1134 Broadway, November 0, 1903,
James F., dearly beloved husband of Bridget
Fitzgerald, and dearly beloved father of Mrs.
M. J. Fit2gerald and Mrs. B. J. Pye, a na-
t tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 77 years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
" GALLAND — In this city. November 8, 1003.
Fredericke Galland, forever and ever dearly
beloved and affectionate mother of Jesse A.
Galland. a native of Germany, aged 67 years
10 months and 17 days.
fyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, at her 1
late residence, SSi Geary street. Interment I
• Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock |
> train from Third and Townsend streets.
• GLYNN— In this city, November 9, 1903, Mrs.
Margaret Glynn, loving mother of Mrs.
James C. Petrie. Mrs. John Laing, Mrs.
'. James W. Maltland and Thomas A. Glynn
' , of Holland, Ore., a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, 'aged W2 years. (Holland, Ore., pa-
! pers please copy.)*
(ETRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Pleaee omit flowers.
HORN— Entered into . rest, in this city, No-
1 veinber 7, 1903. Jennie F/ Horn, beloved
' wif« of Freeman C. Horn, mother, or Myr-
> tie, Gladys and .Milton Horn, and daughter
of Robert nnd Jane M. Cove.
- (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
¦ Tuesday. November 10, 1903, at 1 :30 o'clock,
at the "home of her parents, 2011 Howard
street, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
• • Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
. riage. - . .
JACOBS— In Oakland. November 8, 1903, John
! C. , beloved husband of Mary Jacobs, and
father of Ida. Llllle and 'John Jacobs, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 37 years 5 months and
28 days. A member of California Lodge No.' 2,
1 O. d. H. S., and the German Bakers' Union.
LARSON— In Oakland. November 0, 1903, John
E., beloved husband of Alice M. Larson, a
. native of Sweden, aged 43 years 2 months and
1 15 days.
LEDYARD — In Alameda. Cal., November 9,
1003, Edward Thomas Ledyard, father of T.
D. Ledyard of Toronto and G. L. Ledyard
of Gault, Canada, and Dr. W. E. Ledyard of
Alameda, John S. Ledyard of Berkeley and
Mrs. George Frier of Alameda, a native of
England, aged 02 years 0 months and 10
days.
EyFi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 1:30 o'clock, from- the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. George • Frier,
2117 Santa Clara avenue. . Interment private,
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
LONJERS— In this city, November 9. 1903, Ida
Belle, beloved wife of the late Charleb
Lonjers, and daughter of Mrs. Lizzie Brown
and the late Frederick Brown, and Bister of
Frederick and Walter Brown and Mrs. Mollle
Powell of Stockton, a native of San Ftan-
cteeo, aged 20. years 2 months and 5 days.
(CyRemalnp at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 800 Mission Btreet, between
Fourth and Fifth. '
LOUDENSLAGER— In this city, November 8,
. 1903, Agnes Loudenslager, beloved mother of
Mrs. John de Angells of this city, and
grandmother of Thomas J. de Angelis and
Mrs. Henry H. Hustis of Brooklyn, N. Y.. a
native of New York City, aged 81 years 9
months and 4 days.
Ity Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at "10
o'clock, from . St. Mary's Church, corner
California and Dupont streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ " ¦ ¦ •
MAGNER— In this city. November 8. 1003.
Max, beloved husband of Babetta Magner,
and father of Mrs. S. II. Williams and The-
resa, Grace. Emamfel and Nat A. Magner,
a native of Germany, aged 70 years 10
months and 22 days. A. member of Stockton
Lodge No- 11, I. O. O. F. : Parker Encamp-
ment No. 3 of Stockton, and Hope Lodge
No. 126, I. O. B'nai Brlth. Stockton. (Stock-
ton papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 827 Turk street, under the
auspices of the General Relief Board, I. O.
O. F. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.'
MAGUIRE— In thl» city, November 7, 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of' Peter Magulre, mother
of Maggie and the late Mazle Magulre, and
cousin of Mrs. J. S. Purcell, Mrs. J. F. Dig-
num, John Hurley and Robert Hurley, a na-
tive of England, aged 48 years.
ltyFriend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), • at 8:30 : o'clock, from her late
residence, 123 Point Lobos avenue, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
maes will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, on arrival of the 11
o'clock boat from San Francisco.
MANNIX— In this city, November i>, 1903, at
the residence of his parents, 1037 Hampshire
Btreet, John J., beloved son of John ani
Annie Mannlx, and brother of Helen, Frankte
and Alleen Mannlx, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years and 10 months.
McCOOEY — A solemn requiem mass for the re-
pose of the soul- of the late James- Mc-
Cooey ' will be celebrated at St. Charles
Borromeo'e Church, the 11th
Inst., commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited
to attend.
McMICHAEL. — In this city, November 9, 1903,
James, beloved husband of Nellie McMichael,
and father of Ella, Evelyn, Hazel, James,
¦ Myrtle, Edna and B&nlce McMichael, and
brother of Robert and Edward McMichael,
a native of San Francisco, aged 41 years 11
months and 24 days. « ¦
(E7Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate ' Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission Btreet, near Twenty-first.
O'B*UEN— In this city, November 9, 1003, at
her late residence, 347 Bartlett street, Mol-
lle, dearly beloved daughter of Morgan; J.
fcnd Mary O'Brien, and beloved sister of
Katherine and Susie O'Brien, a native of San
Francisco. .
(CyNctlce. of funeral hereafter.
rETTUS— In this city, November 8, 1903,
Lydla Schallke Pettus, wife of T. A. Pettus,
and dearly beloved and only daughter of Mrs.
F.-.W. Schallke, a native of San Francisco,
aged' 27 years 3 months and 29 days. (Hono-
lulu papers please copy.)
lETFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission Btreet,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. \. ¦
REUTER— In this city, ' November 9, 1903,
William, beloved husband of the late Hen-
riette M. M. Reuter. and devoted father of
Carl. Gertrude, Clara and William Reuter Jr.,
a native ot Germany, aged 63 years 2 months
, and 18 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances ana officers
and members of Herrman Lodge No. 145,
I. O.O. F., are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from hla late residence, 213 Capp
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
SCHEID — In this city, November 9, 1903, at
the residence of his parents, 4610 Mission
Btreet, Ernest A. F. Scheld, youngest and be-
loved son of Joseph W. and Bernadlna
Scheid. and brother of Bophia, Gustave and
Dina Scheld, and grandson of William
Lotze, a native of San Francisco, aged - 1
year 1 month and 8 days.
ECOTT— In this city, November 8, 1903, Wil-
liam George McGann Scott, beloved hus-
band of Catherine Scott, son of the late
Mallck and Margaret McGann, and brother
of Mrs. Mazle Collins and Thomas E. Mc-
Gann, a native of New York City, aged 89
years. (A member of. Painters' Union
(nyTh« funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at l;30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 86C Mission
Btreet thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
6HEA— In V: this city. November 7.' 1903,
Charlee, Infant eon of C. A. and Maggie K.
STACK— In thia city, November 8, 1003.
Thomas, dearly beloved -husband of Man-
Stark, and lather of William P., Thoma. F/
and James E. Stack and Mrs. F. H. King,
a native ot County Kerry. Ireland, aged 70
years 8 months and 12 days, . ,
* try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ruly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 104.1 Silver • avenue, near San
Bruno rouJ, thence to All Hallows Church,
corner of Sixteenth avenue and N »treet,
whore a solemn requiem high mass 1 will b«
1 celebrated : for the repose of his bouI,- com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery- •• •
THOMAS— in .this" -city. 7 November-, 8.- 1903,'
Martha E. Thomas, beloVed^mother of Frank
U Thomas and Mrs. Arbella Hawley of
Detroit, Mich., a ; native of : Wheeling, W.
Va., aged 79. years. .V: . - ; :
iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral Tuesday.
November 10, at 10 o clock, from her ' late
residence. 732 Harrisoq .street ..Interment
: Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 11 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.i One of the necessities of comfort Is a
moderate degree. of warmth. This can be
obtained ! quickly, by the use of ' a" small
heater- from .the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company. 415 Post street, *
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 0.— David Devit.' who
was arrested two days before- the late city
election. on. a- charge" of having falsely regii
t*r"ed,- was discharged to-day In • the .City
Justice's Court, the arresting: of fleer having
failed to iwear to a complaint against him.
Tito'* Cure for Consumption la a pleasant and
effectual remedy for couftis and colds. 28c. *
At the annual election of officers for the
Pacific Hebrew- Orphan Asylum and
Home Society the following named, were
elected to serve during the ensuing term:
President, 3. W. Levy, thirty-first? term;
vice president, ' Sig:- Groenebaum; "itreas
urer, Isaias "WV Hellman; . secretary,
Meyer H. Levy; collector,- D. Michael. \
Elect Officers for Year.
The charge of ulegal voting preferred
against Herman Ste!n was dismlesed by
Police Judge Cafianiss yesterday. Stein
went to vote laet Tuesday at a booth on
Grant £ venue. His vote was challenged.
Us was sworn and voted, but was at
once arrested Ly Policeman Connors on
complaint of a parti' watcher. It wai
claimed that Stein did not live at the
lodping-houFC where he swore he did.
Yesterday the complaining" witness In
formed the Judge that Stein was right
and asked that the case be dismissed.
Did Not Vote Illegally.
¦ Mr. Jensen makes the statement that
It: Is not the purpose of his company t»
antagonize existing 1 ¦ Interests, but by
means, of . greater economy in converting
Humboldt cream into butter a higher
standard will be established. At the same
time the trade can be supplied cheaper,
according to his representations, and
dairymen will get more for their milk
than they have been receiving. The plans
of the Eastern company include the idea
of a plant at Ferndale that will have a
daily capacity of output amounting to
30.000 pounds. The annual output of the
Continental - Creamery Company, accord
ing to, the Butter and Produce Review,
published in, this city, amounts to 15,000,000
pounds. * " ,
shot at 'Ferro, but the bullet missed him.
James Wilson was .held -to answer by
Judge Fritz on a charge of burglary in
$2000 bonds. -, He' was accused of -entering
the store of Maass & Son, ¦¦ 228 Howard
street, on October 27; and stealing a quan
tity of tobaccao. ¦-.:•• .. •
The Lord Bishop of Thetf ord, who Is
considered to be the best missionary
preacher in England, declares that the
church "must enter into competition with
a thousand and, one things which engross
the attention of the world."
"WASHINGTON. Nov. ».— Comm!s»toB«r Gen
eral of ImmUratlon Frank P. Sargent, who on
Saturday was stricken with paralysis c tfc»
Wt «Me. wm better tp-day. with every ™ ai '
otlen cf r quick recovery
, The investigation Into' the wreck of the
South Portland: was' concluded yesterday
afternoon.. Little of. note was brought
out in the closing evidence. The. officers
were re-examined and showed the same
lack of memory and reticence that has
marked the ' proceedings all the way
through. . .
j The inspectors will hand down their de
cision in about a week's time. . Judging
from past decisions by these inspectors,
it seems probable that Captain Mc-
Intyro will have his license revoked.
The two officers may suSw the same
fate, or they may merely "have their
licenses suspended for a period of time.
They being subordinates are less to blame
for the terrible loss of life that resulted
from the ship's sinking.
¦ Although all the other officers who testi
fied -figured -out tho ship's list as forty
souls, Second, Officer Ravens still insisted
that there were three men drowned from
the starboard lifeboat, thus making the
list forty-three, instead of forty. If he
is right in his belief, the captain of the
Inspectors Close Inquiry Into Wreck
v -¦¦; ; of ; the South Portland.
COMPLETE INVESTIGATION.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 9.— James Bentley, a
brother of the Rev. Robert Bentlsy, died
in this city yesterday, aged 48 years. Ha
was a native of Illinois and came to the
coast six years ago. after engaging in
newspaper work in Chicago. He was con
nected for a time with the local press
here, and was also secretary of the So
ciety for the Prevention cf Cruelty to
Animals. A few years ago he conducted
a newspaper at Sutter Creek, where he
contracted a disease which developed lnta
consumption.
San Jose Newspaper Han Dead.
Speaking- of the chances i for saving the
pharles Nelson, Captain Gunderson said:
'/I do not think-there is much danger, of
her sinking, unless she- loses, the lumber
forward. There Is enough there to keep
her afloat and if the weather moderates
it will not be washed" away." The line
which the Aurelia had on her was a small
one and she was making. little headway
with her tow. I did not want to leave the
Nelson, but. I w'anted first to save the
lives of my passengers and crew.. We had
only two boats and the . situation was
such that I did not feel Justified in send
ing- both «of- them away. and retaining any
part of the crew. We then would have
had --no -means rof 1 escape.' To' have
launched only one boat would have made
it badly overcrowded and probably re
sulted disastrously" in' the condition of
the sea." . • -
¦ The Sea Rover went on her course and
in a few minutes' sighted the abandoned
schooner in' tow of .the steam, schooner
Aurelia. The tug stood by and offered to
take. the. tew. but the captain of theAu
relia refused to give it up. At that time
the Charles ¦ Nelson was awash entirely,
except her bow, which was kept up by
the lumber forward. Two hours later the
Sea Rover sighted the ; collier Titanla,
bound from Nanaimo, B. C.,.to San Fran
cisco, and transferred . the rescued .crew
and passengers to. her. ¦' ¦•• . ; • •
An attempt will be - made to take over
existing creameries In Humboldt County.
An Eastern concern, ' the Continental
Creamery Company of Topeka, , Kans.,
sent an agent to this State ; recently 'to
look over the ground! The decision to go
• Into .; business., in Humboldt ] County^ has
followed : close upon this re.connotssance.
The preliminary step, so says A. >Jensen;
representing; the' v c'ompany,\ will be to es
tablish ¦ a .plan t :• at Ferndale 'with • suffi
cient capacity to handle ihe entire-pro- ;
duct - of ' Hiimboldt , County. .This ; county
was i selected'- for I operations I because' ; -- of '
Its excellent ; facilities : for - the dairy busi
ness. • . ' ¦' - ¦""•. '*. .¦¦•• ; -."-:
... - -". -¦ ........
Humboldt County Is Selected as the
Field for Operations on a •
: . Large Scale.
EASTEBN CONCEBN PLANS '
TO TAKE IN OBEAMEBIES
About 8 .o'clock Saturday morning the
smoke of the tug Sea Rover was sighted.
Her- captain had se'e-n the two boats from
the pilot-house and was heading for them.
Ho came alongside, and the benumbed
and worn-out : occupants were got on
board the.tug! The sea was still high and
the work • of i transferring the passengers
was difficult. :- The rescued were -warmed
and fed and all- of , them. fell off into the
deep sleep of '.exhaustion. : #
SEA "' BOVEB SIGHTED.
The sea did not appear to- abate during
Friday. - The drenched -and- frozen occu
pants kept a. sharp lookout, for some pass
ing craft that would come to. their assist-,
ahce, but tho day wore on and night came
again without the /sights of aid. ,Moro
dead than alive they • huddled In the
boats, endeavoring to keep warm. Those
who were. able pulled at .the *¦ oars and
kept -the boats from drifting away/ from
the* track of paesing vessels. -• Outside of
Philip Bradley, all bore their sufferings
unc'omplainirigly.- It seemed, as .though
the night would never endJ; Again : dawn
broke ahd:no succor, was in sight.' George
Wilson, one 'of the firemen, became de
"llrious shortly b'efore dawn and made re
peated'attempts'-to Jump intothe sea- The
weary, -and: stiffened- derelicts restrained
him with. difficulty.' One.of the.cabln.boys
also became ' delirious, but was not.vio
lent.-Nearly everybody in the two boats,
with the exception of the captain, his two
mates ahefthflfchief engineer, was flighty
at^times. .': ,
The two boats, ond under* the command
of the captain and the other in charge of
the first mate, karr'Kjellin.'cruised near
each- other all during th*t terrible night.
They had ' hoped to be sighted by. some
passing vessel, but daylight dawned with
out succor. There was plenty of food and
water and the boats were not overcrowd
ed. The main difficulty was to keep from
dying of cold. Had the boat which got
away not been recovered the other, boat
could not have contained the entire party
and some' of them would' have had to fe
maln with the schooner.
Ifc was' evident that the vessel was bad
ly waterlogged and could not be navi
gated.- The cabins on- the port side were
gone and both liferafts had -been -washed
away. At this Juncture Captain Gunder
son ordered the two boats; provisioned for
thi-ee ' days and got 'jtlie ; passengers into
them. He wished to stav, by his ship, but
did not feel justified in'' asking his crew
to remain with him so that the other
boat would not be crowded. Accordingly,
he determined to abandon the ship and
ordered, the crew into the boats. Then
he followed, and was the : last man to
leave the schooner.
' WATEB GAINS j BAPIDLY?
The schooner was abandoned' about 8
o'clock Thursday night. Shortly after
midnight on that morning the vessel was
found to be leaking badly. . She had been
proceeding/under a slow bell since Tues
day , night, fighting a . southeast wind,
which at- times a hurricane. The
water was coming into the bilges rapidly
and despite the utmost efforts of the
schooner-'s pumps' crept slowly : up* until
it .reached .the grate bars of the", furnaces
and put out the 'fires. .Without steam 'the
enginea-.-went, slack and. the schooner was
helpless and- unnavigable' In the trough of
the sea. . .. .¦'. -.-¦ . : •. • • '. , . '- ¦
, The buffeting . worked i loose the deck
load of lumber and opened seams In the
deck # through which the • water poured
ev.ery time a wave washed over the ship.
Captain Gunderson: ordered Bomcsall set
in -hopes of keeping the. vessel's nose to
the wind. ..This -proved, abortive. Asthe
day wore on the lashinzs of the 1 lumber
on decki'gave way' to the battering of the
waves and. iriost of the lumber' on 'the'
starboard: side was .washed- overboard.
This listed the schooner badly., to port
and • the j pounding of the lumber ¦ broke
.a -halo, in « th<- deck; through which "the
/water, poured In -torrents. The schooner
gradually sank at. the stern until the en
tire deck, was -awash abaft the bridge.
.The . passengers " crowded forward and
clung with might 'and main to anything
• they could' hold v on to.; The port life
,boat was -washed away about, noon," but
, was recovered.' ' Two seamen, Went'. after
it;ln a liferaf^ a\id 'after ahara struggle!,
.and at'lm'm}nent l ( rjsk, recovered it.' ;lt
was made fast'tplthe lea of the schooner
until it was brought up to be loaded with
crew and passengers. .'
not "been for. the quick, arm of a sea
man would hayc; been; crushed' 'to death
between the boat arid v the. side .of the
schooner. He. was .hauled- in and there
after spent the dreary- hours. in- the .bot
tom of the boat,- soaked and half frozen.
Only one woman- was :al!oard of • the
abandoned schooner, and, strange to say.
she endured the hardships-, in the "boat
better than most of -the men. - She *waa
Mrs. Cox, wife of George Cox, *the cook,
and was rated as second cook a'mong the
crew. She and her' husband shipped at
Westport for the voyage. Every one' in
the boat in which were* Mrs. Cox ahd'her
husband enthusiastically praised' the for
titude and endurance displayed by' the
brave woman. She withstood thecoldand
wet without complaint and ministered: to
her husband and others, whose powers of.
endurance began to grow weak" under the
torture of two long nights and a day in
an open boat in the midst of a strong
gale.
MASTER AND TWO OFFICERS OFT IE ABANDONED STEAMER CHARLES NELSON, AND SCENES ATTEND
ING THE RESCUE OF THE PAS 3ENGERS AND CREW -BYvTHE -TUO SEA ROVER,' AFTER THEY HAD
SPENT TWO NIGHTS IN OPEN BOATS. . ' . ; '¦">.•, ' . !: j .v- ¦••-.. *, • J
VALL.EJO, Nov. 6l— John Magee, who
has charge of the' freight shed at the
navy yard, had the very distressing ex
perience this morning of awakening to
find his wife- dead beside him. Mrs. Ma
gee had visited San Francisco yesterday
and returned in her usual good health
and spirits. She is supposed to have suc
cumbed to heart disease. •
Government Employe Has Sad Ex
perience in His Home in
Vallejo.
HUSBAND FINDS WIFE
DEAD WHEN, HE AWAKENS
Fred Johai.sc n, the seaman who ivas
supposed to. have been one of the men
•who launched the starboard boat, proved
a poor witness.* - He denied that he had
helped to launch that boat and every
other attempt to get anything of value
from ,hlm was as fruitless as the exami
nation of all tie sailors has been.
j The Inspectors say that the investiga
tion has been one of the hardest ones to
make anything from that they have ever
held. "A marked ignorance of affairs at
tending the wreck, a loss of memory and
an equally marked reticence in answering
questions characterized the testimony
given by all examined. Contradictions. and
admissions were made, tangling matters.
.Whether any charges of perjury will be
preferred against the witnesses in the
case will not be known until the Inspec
tors make known the result of their In
vestigation.
[ Mate Bruce said that he thought the
engines were stopped or he would have
lowered' the "port boat, but would not ad
mit that If the ship h£«t not been moving
af the time the boats were launched
they coul 1 have been launched success
fully and more lives s-ived.
Mate Bruce admitted that he had made
but", a. few trips up the northern c#ast
and was unfamiliar with it. He claimed,
however* to know thfe change in the cur
rents at the different times of the year.
Captain Melntyre, when questioned as
to the reliability of his testimony, said
that he was not certain of anything in
connection with the wreck. His memory
was particularly hazy. He was able to
give no good reason for changing his
course so many, times. He could net ac
count for getting seventy fathoms of wa
ter with the lead and line two hours be
fore the- vessel struck. By his figuring,
using merely the log book and chart, he
said he thought he was seven miles off
Cape Blanco.
Captain Mclntyre did. not know yester
day whether the ship'3 engines were ever
stopped. He? said he did- all in his power
to save the lives of those aboard and up
held hfs course in leaving the vessel be
fore,, every one else br saying that ' he
warifeo" to save the passengers and
thought the crew able to look out for
themselves. He thought, however, that
the engines were not going. Captain
Bolles said that it was all nonsense for
him to say that, as the testimony of
every one else was against him.
INVESTIGATION DIFFICULT.
The steamer was lost through the fact
that the officers neslected to make up
their reckonings in the fog the day of
the wreck. Captain Mclntyre admitted
changing his course six times between
Umpqua River bar and Cape Blanco, al
though "the run is practically a straight
one.
If these figures are correct, there were
six more people on the South Portland
than the ship's papers called for. Two
of these were stowaways, so the cap
tain cannot be held responsible for their
.presence on the ship. The other four
were J one passenger and three "work
aways." The captain, being cognizant of
their presence aboard, is culpable for
carrying more souls than the law pre
scribed.
ship was carrying nine more on his vessel
than his papers called for. The general
belief however, despite the sworn state
ments' of Ravens, is that there were forty
passengers, including a child, aboard.
BEUCE NOT POSTED.
Jerry Donovan, who wa.s-an inmate of
the Almshouse, was held to answer before
the Superior Courj* by. Police* Judge Cab
aniss yesterday dn' a charge, of assault to
murder in $1000 Hnds. He was accused of
stabbing John O'Brien,' an outside watch
man at the institution, fin October 16, and
Dr. Conlan 'testified .that O'Brien was so
seriously, .wounded that | his life, was In
danger for two or three weeks.
Emanuel **arbori was held to answer by
Police 'Judge Fritz on a 'charge of. assault
to murder in $2000 bonds. -He had; been
discharged' by' G. Ferro. a baker at '504
Union street, and on the morning of Oc
tober 19 it was alleged - that - he ' fired, a
two men abe held fob
An assault to mubdeb
One Stabs a "Watchman and the Other
Takes a Shot at a Boss'
¦ .", Baker..
Those who worked- •'hardest suffered
least and; they, managed by. : their, exer
tions to keep their tyood circulating. Only
one out of all' the. passengers refused to
aid and more. than any one he. felt the full
force of the wind and water, and, was
nearly. uted up when he arrived in port.
This was Philip Bradley, who claims to
be the grandson of an English admiral.
After the boats. .were both launched and
clear of the ship Bradley, wanted to go
back to get more clothing. The captain
had the boat rowed close to the vessel
and Bradley tried to climb aboard. In
doing so he fell overboard, ¦ and had it
The main cause of suffering was the in
tense cold. The 8ea.\;as.running high and
the two boatloads of derelicts were
drenched to ''the ekln -"wlth"< water 'and
spray. A chill east, wind -was. blowing,
which turned .their blood to ice. ,So be
numbed were .they, with the cold that their
muscles almost refused' to answer' to the
motions when, they ; took 'their various
turns at the -oars.' r '¦-'¦¦¦¦¦¦
COLD WAS • INTENSE.
The passengers arriving yesterday were
David Williams, R. .O. Irwin, E. Sand
rig. Arthur B. Clark, Roy Wilson. Calvin
Bollinger. • Philip Bradley.x Daniel Bray
and F. N. Williams. : The crew consisted
of Captain' Gunderson, First Mate K.
Kjellin,. Second, Mate J.^Baragwaith, Chief
Engineer A. D. Sweeney, First Assistant
Engineer P. Frlel. 'Second Assistant En
gineer O. McGee and Steward F. W. Staf
ford; George Cox, -ctfok,'. and < his 'wife,
assistant; two cabin boys,' eight seamen,
two oilers and 'four. "firemen. \ ., . .
Stiff and sore and still shivering from
their thirt>'-six hours' vigil in open boats,
the passengers and crew of the aban
doned Charles Nelson arrived in port at
9 o'clock yesterday morning on board the
Tltania. to which they had been trans
ferred from the tug Sea Rover, which had
picked them up.
Safe In port, they began to discuss the
ridiculous features of their perilous voy
aging after tney 'left the schooner, and
it was hard to get any of them to tell of
the thrilling 'hours they. ; spcnt bobbing
about the wide expanse 'of ocean before
they were sighted by the tug Sea RoVer
and transferred to her stanch deck.
LAUGH AT PEBILS.
Gunderson is not much to look at nor
to talk to. He is a tall, rawboned
Swede, and he couldn't tell a story that
would reflect credit on himself if It
meant an appointment to a full admiral
ship in the United States navy. But he
knows the sea and its ways and he knows
what the world demands of a man who
assumes command of a vessel, with pre
cious lives and cargoes under h'.s charge.
He knows that his own safety must be
the last consideration, and with that un
derstanding he has become a skipper.
Therefore It was that when. the collier
Tltania, bearing the thirty-five human be
ings who were on the steam schooner
Charles Nelson when she became, water
logged and abandoned last Thursday
morning were hawsered to the Mission
street wharf and the. rescued party filed
down the gang plan yesterday morning,
there was none among them but was loud
in the praises of the skipper of the aban
doned schooner and his treatment of them
during all the trying hours when they
were tossed, at the mercy of an angry
ocean.
reef off Cape Blanco in calm
weather, who took the first boat. and left
his crew and passengers to . shift for
themselves, with the result that twenty
lives were lost, i? the behavior of Cap
tain Thomas Gunderson of the water
logged and abandoned steam schooner
Charles Nelson. He was the last to leave
the: vessel and before he went he saw
that every one of his passengers and crew
were safely stowed away in the boats. In
fact he would not have left the unman
ageable craft at all except for the. fact
that there were two boats and both of
them were needed for the safety of pas
sengers and crew. At the time a hurri
cane was blowing, but not one life was
lost.
5ARTLINGLV in contract to the
conduct of Captain James Mcln
tyre of the steamer South Port
land, which was wrecked on a
The capitalists began the glad new year
with p.nother payment of interest and the
emiles of the bondholders became broad
er. The rainy season passed away and
everything appeared to be taking on n*w
life, except the mines. It was rumored
that all sorts of things would be done
soon, but work at the mines was slack.
June came and went and the bondholders
were fingering .their coupons.
But alas! there was no sign of the usual
payment of interest. The people watched
and waited onlr to learn one sad day
that thev seemed to have lost the prin
cipal and the interest for nineteen years.
It was a hard blow.
The Companla Exploradora de Terrenos
C«rbonlferos en Sonora brought suit un
der its agreement to regain the title to
the coal mines comprised in the 2.500,009
acres of land. Hay ward and his fellow
investors were notified of the lawsuit and
were represented by an agent In the sub
sequent proceedings.
Without any opposition en the part of
the asrcr.t, the contest was decided in
favor of the old company by the Judge
of the Second Court of First Instance.
Tlig original concern once more owned
the mines. Its debts had all been paid.
Mn=. Black, who held 1111.700 worth of
tfce bonds; G. W. Jackson, who whs in
possession of paper calling for $53,000. and
various other Investors were not satisfied.
It was decided accordingly to bring suit
against the local capitalists for principal
and interest. Mrs. Black sues for her
own money and for such other as may
belong to any people who may choose to
defray a lust proportion of the expense
of litigation.
Tht" local firm of Kinley & Kinley is
handling her case. She is at present trav
eling in the East. It is stated that Al
vfnza Kayward Js liable for the amount
of one-half the bond issue and that the
others have each an eighth interest.
•A suit has lately been brought by G.
W. Jackson in the Circuit Court against
tho Mercantile Trust Company, which
held a mortgage on tbe property. It Is
not thought that the trust company is
responsible, but it is desired by such a
ruit to cet an opinion as to liability and
use it In the suit brought in the Superior
Court. Why the local capitalists aban
doned possession of the property Is the
problem that is puzzling the plaintiff % r .
The people of tho State of Sonora and in
tact of all Mexico thought that the mines
sliviuld be almost as valuable as If filled
with gold since the rich Americans had
come into the field. Hence there was no
«:!ff:ru!ty in floating the bends. The new
Sonora railroad was right at hand and no
apprehension was felt in regard to the
old-time difficulty cf transportation. The
rew company had JSOO.uOO worth of bonds
for itself. It is alleged that the capital
ists floated these to pay the expense of
purchasing new machinery and of opera
tion. Any way. the old holes in the
rarth were made larger and new ones
were dug:.
The bonds were issued in January. 1902.
The coal seemed abundant. New veins
of anthracite rivaling the quality of the
carboniferous deposits of Pennsylvania
•were discovered. In July. 1902, the first
installment of interest was paid. The
bondholders smiled and counled theJr
coupons. Everything v.as progressing
swimmingly, except the major part of
the money for operating expenses, and
that was eunk, as appeared later.
SAD DAY DAWNS.
The new corporation began its existence
under the name- of the Mexican Anthra
cite Coal Mining Company and with the
abbreviated name had a correspondingly
*hort Hfp. It was sUpuiated in the arti
cles of isele that the new concern should
pay semi-annual interest on the bonds
and that if it failed 'to do so the right to
operate the coal mines should revert to
the original owners.
Hayward ar.d his associates proposed a
plan of payment not quite so acceptable,
to the sellers as cash in hand, but an
i-gn-finpnt was^ reached after a consider
able amcunt cf barpalninj?. The local
<-«pitalists .said that they world pay in
twenty-year bond? bearing interest at 4
per cent. The payment in real money
amounted to $23.<X».X The property was
then bonded to th«* exu-nt of Jl.OW.CV). Of
this amount $700,010 was Riven to the old
company in I pit wni bonds.
PAY. IN BONDS
A suit for Sl.ono.OOO was instituted yes
terday against Alvinza Haywaid, A. J.
l.hlman. J. I). Arnold, Charles D. Lane
and H. CJ. Stevenson. Mrs. Kate J.
lilack, the plaintiff, wanls oniy $111,700 of
ih" a mount, the remainder of which is
desired by a large number of people who
purfhaset] thj bends of a corporation con
trelied by the defendant capitalists. The
$1.<*X),O00 was raised on coal mines scat
tered through 2.500.000 acres of rich min
eral land in the Stats of Sonor.i, Mexico.
Hayward «ind hfs associates have already
lost the property by decision of the Mexi
can courts and tho litigant aim*; to secure
t..o 8,400,000 in Che courts of this country.
Thus far it look? like a bad investment,
on the pjrt <-f iho capitalist*.'
Twenty-Ore years ago the Compania
Kxploradnra Of Torrenos CarbonifVros ?>!!
Foriora obtained the coal m'nes from tTie
Mexican Government for $105,nno by con
••opsioii. Machinery was installed, the
mines wef> operated and transportation
«>f the product was effected. Jt was al
mrmym necessary to seorire Ju^t a little
more capital before the mines would per
mit of thf dec'arins of dividends. In con
t-r-juencp the corporation with the long
ramp kept getting deeper niid deeper into
debt as the years roU< d away.
About two years ago Ifayward, Stcven
fon, Arnold. Uut£ find I'iilrr.an bnanc in
terested in th? scheme and commenced
negotiations for the purchase of tho coal
mines. It was an va*y tark to buy tne
pn.perly, for the original owners had
lonpr sinr-e ccme to the conclusion that
th« j only way out <if tlv woods was to sell.
Alvinza Hay-ward and Four Asso
ciates Are Declared Responsible
for Bonded Indebtedness on
Mineral Propeity.
Pay Is Cause of
Lawsuit.
Failure of Mexican Mines to
The court is of. the opinion that Hanley
recover from the Empire State-Idaho
Company S175.S67 02. As none of the ore
was appropriated by Clark or Sweeney.
Individually, the personal judgment asked
for against them cannot be given.
¦ The cause is remanded to the court be
low, with directions to modify the final
decree, taking further proof if necessary,
as to the time when the defendants
ceased to exclude Hanley from the 'mini*
and offered him or his representative free
access to and Inspection thereof, and such
other proof as may be needed, and when
so moditled it will stand affirmed; Hanley
to recover costs.
The appeal of the Emptre State-Idaho
Company from the final decree Is next
considered. It is stated that defendants
claimed Hanley*s interest to the mine toy
virtue of the deed -which th© court ad
judged never to have been delivered, but
to have been fraudulently got posses
sion of by Sweeney and Clark, during all
of which time they unlawfully and fraud
ulently excluded Hanley from the" mine.
It is true that under the statutes of
Idaho those holding the rjajority interest
In a mining claim have a right to mine
and control the operations of the entire
mine, if done honestly and properly, but
not to the exclusion of their co-owner,
who has the right to access to any and
every part of the property and to its
proper inspection, to the end that he may
see that his rights are respected and pro
tected and that he may receive his Just
proportion of the net proceeds. "Where the
owner is excluded from the premises and
his ore extracted and disposed of the act
is an unlawful trespass.
SECURES BIO JUDGMENT.
Some time after the ?ntry of the final decree
In March. 1903.. the Empire State Company
again commenced mining undi>r the surface oC
the Skookum claim, having taken th« advice of
its counsel to the effect that It had that right.
and. under like advice, set apart and deposited
in bank one-eifchth of the net proceeds thereof
for the protection of I Ian ley. as tvelj as itself.
That course has since been pursued, until now
and here this court is ask»«l. without any show,
infr of fraud in the mining operations" of me
company or of any unminerllke working of th«
ground, to enjoin the company from mining
further, and thus ti<* the property up. We are
of the opinion that under the provisions of the
statute of Idaho, as construed by the Supreme
I'ourt of that Ptate, which construction Is blnil
injf upon the Federal Courts in respect to prop
erty situated In that State, as is that here ln
volvrt, the owner of toe majority interest In
such property is entitled to mine and control
its operations In the absence of any showinc
of fraud or wrongdoing-, accounting, of cours*.
to the owner for his proportion of the net pro
ceeds. The application made hero for an in
junction Is therefor* denied, with cost* to th«
defendants.
In the first case the order granting the
temporary injunction la affirmed. In ren
dering the opinion. Judge Ross said:
The court handed down opinions in thft
four appeals in the cases of Charles
Sweeney. F. Lewi3 Clark and the Empire
State-Idaho Mining and Developing Com
pany vs. Kennedy J. Hanley; Kennedy J.
Hanley vs. Charles Sweeney. F. Lewis
Clark and the Empire State-Idaho Mining
and Developing Company; the Empire
State-Idaho Mining and Developing Cora
papy vs. Kennedy J. Hanley; and the
Empire State-Idaho Mining and Develop
ing Company vs. Kennedy J. Hanley.
DECIDES FOUR APPEALS.
The judgment of the lower court in tbe
case of the United States Consolidated
Seeded Raisin Company va. the Griffin
and Skclly Company was reversed and
the cause remanded for a new trial. The
action was respecting the use of a raisia
seeding machine.
The court denied the petition of the
United States of America, ex-relatioiu?
Johnstown Mining Company, for a writ
of certiorari against the Circuit Court of
the United States, Ninth Circuit, District
of Montana, to prevent it from enforcing
an order directing the Johnstown Mining
Company to lower the representatives of
tho Butte and Boston Consolidated Mln
jng Company through the shafts of the
Rarus and Johnstown lode claims and to
furnish them ingress to and egress from
the eald premises during the period of
twenty-one days, to afford an, opportu
nity for inspection, examination and sur
vey.
The United States Circuit Court of A>
peala. Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow on
the bench, yesterday denied all the pend.
ir.g petitions for rehearing, lncludlr-g
those of the San Francisco Reduction
Company vs. the % Sanitary Reduction
Works; Marie Carrau vs. Hannah O'CaU
laghan et al.. and Moore against the Bank
of British Columbia.
The judgment of the lower court was
reversed and a new trial ordered in the
case of the Alaska Commercial Company
vs. A. Dlnkelspiel.
Idaho Mine.
Hold3 He Is Entitled to Rs
cover Fortune From
Five Local . Capitalists
Are Invited to
Settle..
Gallant Captain Gunderson of the Abandoned Steam Schooner Charles Nelson Saves Every
Person on Board of His Unmanageable Graft in Teeth of Overpowering Hurricane and Lands
Them Safely on the Tug Sea Rover, Remaining on His Vessel Until All Are in the Boats
IT. S. Circuit Court of
Appeals Decides in
His Favor.
WOMAN ASKS
A JUDGMENT
FOR MILLION
HANLEY WINS
BIG JUDGMENT
TRANSFERS ALL HIS PASSENGERS
WITHOUT LOSS OF A SINGLE LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^L, TUESDAY,. NOYEMBER 10, 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS^
Pianos
The Musician's Acceptance of
. . True Tone Quality . • .
The marvelous Vosc tone
has aroused the universal j
emulation o! amateur and
professional pianists «•', ••
Every instrument repre-
sents the attainment of 52
I years' consistent progress
Benj. Curtaz '&• Sons
I sou: AOEirrs
(Curtaz Building)
16 OTASBSLL STXU3ET. S. 7.
San Jos*. Fresno. Alameda. Stockton.
rt * F&lo Alto. J