He is so tall and strong— taller even
than Noel Brent, whom I used to think
the nnest-lookinff man I had ever | seen
before I knew Maxime and it was a heav
enly rest to lay my head for a moment
on his shoulder, just shutting my eyes,
without speaking a word. I thought then
—for I was so worn In body and soul with
the strain of keeping up — that after death
the best naradlse would be to lean my
head on Maxime's. shoulder, like this, for
two or three hundred years. But even as
the peaceful idea came into my head back
darted remembrance like a stinging adder.
I remembered how little I deserved paxa
e^ise, and how my lover's dear arms would
The touch of his hands gave me
strength and life once more. There . is
something wonderful. in the touch, in the
presence of the human being one loves
best. For a moment one forgets every
thing else; the whole world falls away. I
have flirted with many men— occasionally
because It amused me; oftener because I
had something to gain for political ends;
but I never knew what that blessed feel-
Ing was uutil I met Maxima de Ribau
mont.
As I left the stage at last, having re
turned for five curtain culls at the end
of the first act. I met near my dressing
room men carrying large harps and
crowns and wreaths of flowers which had
been thrown to me on the stage, or sent
round from -the stage door. I hardly
looked at them, for Maxine was there,
too, waiting for me. He had come from,
the box, and he followed Into the boudoir
which, adjoins the dressing-room. There
we, were alone. And I have five minutes
to spare him before I need dress for the
next act.
I felt myself color up under Margot'*
mocking, yet questioning eyes and 1
stammered out my answer like a school
boy caught ln v flagrant mischief.
"I— er— I must— the fact la. I have an
engagement— a business engagement that
I— er— I regret very much I can't break.
And really. I'm afraid I ought to be off
now or I shall be late."
"Surely two or three minutes here or
there can't make very much difference."
said General Gawain. who was celebrated
In his family circle for saying the wrong
thing.
"I— «r— fear they will make rather a
difference In this caae." I blurted out.
hardly knowing myself in my loutish
awkwardness; for usually I am a cool
hand enough, or at least have the nerve
to appear so. Yet now, when I would
have given a finger to control myself. I
went to pieces under the' battery of Mar
mot's eyes. And I knew that I was brick
color, for even General Gawain saw that
something was amiss.
"Ha. haV he laughedi -"Well.- go, my
dear boy. and keep your "business' en
gagement. What a man of business you .
are, to be sure. We all wish you joy of
it."
Somehow I got away, my ears tinsjlinr.
I did not look back, but the last thing I
heard was Margot' a laugh, which, sweet
as it was. went through me like a knife.
It wanted five minutes to 13 . when I
reached the street. Midnight was striking
by the time I was seated in a cab and
driving toward the Rue d'Anjou. I was
late for the appointment after all— only
a few minutes which General Gawain had
Judged so insignificant ; yet what a dif
ference—if I had guessed— they were t»
make for me!
Told by Juliette de Never* -
CHAPTER VIL^." ; V
COWARD CONSCIENCE AND A GAMB
OF BLUFF. ,
How I got through my part on that
awful night I don't know. .
When I first went on the stage, to take
up my cue at the end of the first act,
my. brain was a blank. I could not re
member a single line that I had to say
when I tried to project my mind ahead.
I saw no one on the stage. I did not even
see Maxine de Ribaumont. though X
knew he was in the box: but I seemed to
feel him looking at me. I felt hl3 great
love coming down to my chilled heart
like a warming ray of sunlight. I felt
the Influence of his desire for my success.
For him. I must not fall. I had never
failed, and I would not now.
So it was. though I could not have re
peated a word from nay part before X
went on the stage. I found myself an
swering cue after, cue as I received them.
Applause came surging up to my ears
like a great tidal wave. The ' audience
was mine to do with as I would; yet for
once I feared it. as If it had been a great
tiger purring as It crouched to spring,
for I thought. "What if it knew the thinif
that I had done? What if a voice should
cry out that Juliette dc Nevera had be
trayed France and the ally of France—
that she had stolen the treaty of alliance
and sent it to the enemy— England ! How
those hands which beat themselves to
gether, now to applauding me would itch
to grasp my throat.
Still. I went on. An actress can always
go on— till she breaks. I think thut she
cannot be bent like other women; ah, I
envy the other women who are not skilled
to hide things. It seems to me that they
must suffer less. . ; .V,
tn the season," hreke fa Lady Oairata,
looking smilingly at the traveling clothes
which I still wore. "1 think, Margot. 1*
you and Marlon and I join your uncle In
asking Mr. Brent to stay and drink suc
cess to the motor-car deal that he won't
refuse."
She was the kindest woman on earth;
but If she had deliberately tried to clothe
her. Invitation in the terms most em
barrassing to me, she could not have
chosen her words better.
¦ Cptjyrtrbt. 19 °2. by th» National Fraaa A.«*aey.
•v". (Second and Final Installment.)
.-' - (TnM by Noel Brent.)
V'^Yt *\ ilEN I say "risk." I merely
! : V A J mean the risk that the men I
--\J\/. going In chase of might
't . r r- turn out to be the wrong ones,
_;• .' ' .' • . for the description I had ob
•iaincCfTom their driver was not accurate
•"enough Jo give the real sense of security. I
- .^eti^fs. as lie had taken them out to
!JS>'iii!Ty.' th<^ distance was so great that if
¦fcistaken 1 should V>e wasting a good deal
jbf t-Snio on the wrong tark.
V -tl.wc.v cr. 1 could think of no better
jila^'. and aft*>r vain inquiries concerning
iJind^Jr-Kized Englishmen who might have
¦fSrivsn awav from the Gare du Nord
khsBe. I got into the cab and started for
.^.euiJIy.
. ; TT^je lior^e was tired, and we did - not
.Ji*<?epi:up as good a pace as I should have
¦Hk.<pjd. ' However, we arrived at the
"suburb at last, and turning into a quiet
.Street. 1 stopped before a large house with
iNsfhtfs in alrm-st ail of the numerous win
"tf-© W0. ¦• "
•'.t'toM my drivrr to wait: end running
.JJtJ- the s-trps of the porcli. rang the bell,
GHf'che man s*>r\ant who came to the
.doi-'fl Inquired if thrre Kngli^h genUe
mfn; hwd lately arrivt^J. H«r replied that
'•iXifBJf, had. at.d wore dining. The house,
.it aprwiifd. was a pension, and the pen
¦*-irrn'naircs e^eri now about finishing their
.d)nncrs. Would mor.cicur wait? It would
•Tjot: be many minutes.
:" "Slipping a <-ouple oT francs into his
¦¦Han<J»' I requested that I might, as* I was
"•iji-« .hurry, be shown Into the dining-
V.obrn' without malting. If the birds I
*»:i-5t'*Hj to f-att'h wtp really here, ihrre
¦¦wwiJd . tr \ptf chance M their f^rap'ng
TPf-if I took them-by surprise in the midst
"of -.a nieal. At lfas*. they could not get
;away: without my r^-ognizing: them, and
¦¦jifiv'tn what »ou!fl com*- next, the moment
'•lii^lf rrruEt d«^.-i<Je.
1 ; tftec- two franco settled the question. I
'¦*r«us': uirfiered into the d'nlng-room with
•^Dut.' •b'tinsr annomw'd and my eyes
"thf'long tattle with a quiok glance. I taw
iieVfral men -who w*>ro unmistakably Eln
jiJiVh,-. but ! did not &ee my companions
.cfithe train.
'Standing. in thp doorway. 1 inquired of
fny guidr- which were the gentlemen who
Jiarf .' arrived that evening. He point«=d'
-oi/t'-and adr)*-*! that though they had
.crfy' come to-day from England thpy
wefie old patrons, well kn^^'n at the
house.
I. ha-d' com*, then, on a wil<i-goos«» chase
-^-or at- least it looked lik^ it. Still, T
"¦would not be satisfied until the driver
fc/ELO"" been brought unobtrusively to the
dopf to identify his three fares. This
•was accomplished after an argument and
parting'with fn more francs.
Tfyere was Tiothing to do but go back
wfi.ence I had come. I did so, furious
with ns'iself and with th*> driver, whom
I now thought more wily "than stupid. He
had done his b*-vt tu convince me that his
three Knglish farep were my three En
glish "friends." although when I came
Ho-eee'ihem I found that their appear
ance-did not tally with the details of de
scription- I hid drawn from him. When
I "had asked: "Was the little one fair?"
t>c..'ha.& emphatically said "Y«»s." He
•fc.id alto assented when I had inquired if
crie 'of the tall men was dark and the
©rtier marked with wnallpox. But F could
dp nothing but anathematize him la
Frciich.and curtail his tip.
?jf wrnt back to the railway station and
CUPtrtioTi^d morr porters and cabmen un
av^-tlingly. Vtt the little man must have
r<"ie away in a cab. I argued to myself.
l 'as7he wm burdened with far too much
Jkigirag-e to walk. Since I could learn
'd}6%hing of him or the other two— and^
d«LRed .' riot, because of Ix»rd Reckworth
and; Juliette de Nevers, apply to the po
llc*. * I determined to consult a private
deiective-^-a man whose actions I might
inyself more or less control by paying
•fCrj .'an'ci . to whom I need only tell as
iaiititi of the truth as I chose.
, • I 'ireturned to my hotel, inquired of the
«nfriaBer'where.I could find the best prl
'vate'detective in Paris, got the address
•prone and drove. to it. Fortunately (as
•I "thaugnt .then, all unconscious of the
Wb-in which I was Industriously tangling
*p»'6*lf). "Monsieur . Paul Dubols was at
b"ome and able to receive me.
. I. was £hown into a plain but neat little
roobi^ and b<gan to tell my story as I
hkd '.'arranged it for the cars of the de
teeiiv^ on my way. to the house. First I
Introduced : myself by the name which I
had" given at the Elysee Palace Hotel.
¦Tfis seemed beet, as the manager had
sent, me" to Monsieur ' Dubols. and com
plications might arise if I became Noel
"Brent instead of James Guest. Besides,
as. tfejern' was much to conceal, James
Quvt teemed "the right man for the oc
casion. ' '¦'¦/¦¦ -'
1 said' "thai T had reason to ,x»lieve I
had "b«e"n robbed of an article which was
of Immense value to tne. but as It was
the gift of a lady who must not on any
ax^ofcnt' be brought Into. the case, I did
pot' wlvt • to apply to the Paris police.
A*!^ that\j would ask Monsieur Dubois to
.use-bib -great skill In doing for me was
to discover "as soon as possible tne where
abouts ' of the Fupposed thief, whom I
would- <*P!»rribe. I said that we had trav
•leti- CoiTetlif-r, mentioned the incidents on
tt* 'gangway and on the railway station,
and; cxWained that I had been ignorant
cf.mjr # l«Es until after arrivlnj- at the
hotel. - # # ¦;-- .\-_
'DuboUt 'put various questions and I an
vweced : Qlcia-^whea J chose. When he .
-Then In rapid aneeeaaloa will fol
¦'jte'w <bM tbrilltna- new American
¦ eVei. "The Master of Applebr.** by
Francta Lmai "Crlttenden." by
.John Fox Jr.t "The Two VanreTels."
fey. booth Tarklna-ton. whose famona
fcorel. "The Gentleman from Indi
ana,** has Jnat been concluded In
these paces; "The TnrnplUe House,*'
W-T F«rcra* Hame. etc ete.
. In •ffnrirtK (hla book, vrhlob ha«
joti.lv4-r«aUj bfrn described •¦ **the
«rf«( America! oovrl." The Sandar
¦< nil «-r«»at«-d a writable JoarnallMtc
for there ban never been
«Hit<-« • book which drain irlth
'¦hodern life In both the Rait and
t.<be 'A\>»t la >acb a •tronsr. terse.
•ib'r'Mllpir manner as M Tbe Spender***
4«ri. K baa been aptly described
¦¦ttit t "tattl »t new method." p*r
-V«p<' snare beeaaea ft r*T*aU, tn an
"•b«e)*tr!r «nt«n« war, why Amer
. fem : U the a-reat nonr-mUUe aa
'Yioa' ol the earth, than far tbe fa«
einjttlna: love theme tbat 'p^rvadea
*ft» : >Tbe Spenders** tn tbla form
i«r(li . ' be tremendously popular.
WatrV for It and see.
.' ViThat.ts ane «f the beet feature*
•f Tke lu«»r Call»e literary palter.
Ten-- net e>n!y vet tbe v*tt lateat
*4srretla by tb« moat famou wrltera
in. "<b« world, bnt yan rret them
'qnlelc There mrm not lena- waits
between Installments and no Inter
n/tnable series of "Continued l» •¦'
i»e *t" rntch line*.
\ I npHE Spenders," by Harry
•.".. JL: Leon Wilson, begins in
the Next Sunday Call.
"People j don't usually have engage
ments at midnight, even In Paris, except
This recollection threw a lurid light
upon Lady | Gawain's determination > to
bring Margot to France, and the "pick
ing up of the great motor car. expert" at
Boulogne.' But, in spite of all this and
my reasons for wishing Margot to be
anywhere rather than here at this hour. I
could not h^lp rejoicing in the sight of
her. and especially in. that blush.
"It's a good wind that blows us all to
gether here," said General Gawain. in his
hearty, but rather absent-minded way.
"Sit down with us and have some
supper."
"Mr. Brent has Just finished his supper,
don't you ««e, Uncle Robert," remarked
Margot. hastily. - .
"What does that matter?" retorted the
old officer.' "Can't he eat another, or if
he can't do that, what's to prevent him
from sitting with us while we eat ours?"
"Perhaps he has some delightful en
gagement." Margot suggested, looking at
me with subdued malice, which I could
not help fancying was mingled with wist
ful ness. - ' .
Marlon Sitgreaves) do her best to make ft
match. -_ : '-'¦'/¦
."I haven't yet recovered from my own
surprise at being here," laughed Lady
Gawain. a plump, kindly, delightful crea
ture who didn't mind in the least being
over fifty. "My husband found himself
obliged to come to France on important
business— that is, there's" a wonderful
motor-car for sale that he wants to look
at. I didn't see why I shouldn't get a
little fun out of the expedition as I was
ipvited to join, so I flew up. fo my broth
er's and literally carried Margot and Mar
lon oft by force. We caught the 2:30 train
for Boulogue— such a rush as it was!—
picked up Captain Menzlee. who id a great
motor-car expert, and here we are. ready
for business to-morrow morning. I sup
pose you are stopping In the hotel, aren't
your*
"Yes," I answered, and looked -again at
Margrot She had not a glance for me.
but ehe was blushing beautifully. At least,
I thought. It was a good omen that ehe
should have consented to come to France
to-day. Of course, the could not have
known at what hotel I meant to stop, and
even if she had she would probably have
tried to persuade the Gawains to go to
another. Still the very fact that, after
what had passed in the morning, she; was
willing to breathe the air of Paris with
me was something. She must have
known that we might meet, and she had
been willing to run the risk. •
I hardly needed the small comfort to be
pot from this reflection; for the moment
Lady Gawain mentioned the. name of
Captain Menzies I remembered something
which Miss Sltgreaves had said to me not
long ago. She had "told me " that there
was a Captain Menzies. a godson of Lady
Ga wain's, - of whom aunt waa
always talking to her. They had never
met, but when he came back from South
Africa. Lady Gawain would (according to
"I am even more surprised to -see you
than you can poEs'bly be to eee me." I
said to Lady Gawain and* at Margot.
And I was wondering for all I was worth
who could be the new man with them.
H« was a good-looking chap, like a sol
dier, and he stood close to Margot. I was
vilely jealous of him— for one bears of
hearts being caught In the rebound, and
Instead of doing something to regain my
lost position beforp any one lese had a
chance to step In and render it untenable,
1 should only be obl'ged presently to
make matters worse— If they could, be
worse.
But at least I had one moment to spare
— or to steal— from that grim fate, and I
resolved to make ' the most cf it.
She was not alone, but for an Instant
In which we looked straight into each
other's eyes I saw no one else. There
was only her beautiful face in the world;
but in a few seconds, when I had come
to myself, I heard familiar voices and
realized that Margot was one of the
party. She was with her aunt. Lady
Gawain. and her aunt's husband, General
L*>rd Gawain; her cousin, Marion Slt
greave.*. and e man— a young man«— whom
I had never : 'seen before. And It was
Ix»rd and I^ady Gawain, not my darling
girl, who spoke to me in amazed recog
nition. They were old v friends of mine,
and. in -fact, it was at Lady Gawaln's
house near Marlow that I had first met
the Horn* Secretary's daughter.
"Why. Noel, what. a r surprise!" Lady
Gawain was exclalm'ng. , "Who. would
have thougnfof seeing you here? But one
mets everybody in Paris. W*, are just
in. and wear*:.' starving ;>1th hunger,
aren't we,' Margot. dear?" . .
'•Starving." .echoed Margot.- with as gay
a smile, as if we had, not parted so
miserably' exactly thirteen hours—thir
teen unlucky .hours— ago. I .have always
thought Margtot Revelstoke's ' the - most
divinely lovely smile I ever saw. ¦ A deep
dimple flashes into each, cheek, and her
great eyes turn suddenly into stars. It is
the most bewildering effect imaginable,
and it made my -pulses give a bound to-
night as usual, though 1 knew well that
her heart was not in the smile. She only
wished to eeem exactly the same as ever
before her companions, in whom she had
evidently not confided either our under
standing or the misunderstanding which
had so swiftly followed. As she smiled
phe let me take her hand," and I could
not resist the temptation to press it. But
though I hoped for jtift the faintest, re
sponse, her little fingfrs lay stiffly in my
grasp for the fraction of a second, then
relentlessly freed themselves. She meant
me to see that, no matter how conven
tionalities might force her to behave, she
had not forgotten nor forgiven. I was
horribly unhappy, just at the time— had
all ben well with me— when I ought to
have been the most deliriously ecstatic
fe'low on earth, having won hpr: It did
seem a* If fate were dead against me; for
here Margot had been spirited to me
In some as yet -inexplicable manner; and
while I might have been striving after a
reconciliation, I was imperatively called
by the voice of honor to go somewhere
else — that somewhere else the one place
of all others where Margot would be the
angriest with me for going.
By the time Monsieur Dubols had been
primed with such facts as .1 ventured to
give him It was after 11 o'clock. I could
do nothing more for the moment, end as
I was half famished (I'd bad nothing to
eat since a very light luncheon on the
boat) I returned to my hotel not far off
and had a hasty supper. When I had
finished I knew that the first perform
ance of the new play at the Theater de la
Republique was over, and that If I went
to Juliette de Never*' house In the Ru<
d'Anjoul should find her alone., waiting
for me. eagerly expecting me.
In ordinary circumstances there would
either have been a supper on the stage
with Juliette as hostess, or she would
have taken guests home with her. or 6he
would herself have been the most distin
guished guest somewhere else. But to
night she would have made some excuse
to escape as soon as the play was over,
and eo to her house unattended. 1 waa
as sure of this as that I was alive. \ '
My watch told me that It was a quarter
to 12. In a cab I could reach Juliette's
6treet in seven or eight minutes. I would
leave the vehicle at the corner and go to
the house on foot, as it would not be well
to advertise the fact that Mademoiselle de
Nevcrs was receiving a visit from a young
man at midnight. I rofce from the table,
meaning to leave the hotel at once, when
1 almost ran against the last person on
earth I expected to see— Margot Revel
stoke.
touched en point* which in my opinion
were better left alone. I frankly said that
they had nothing to do with the case. He
looked at me sharply, but did not urge roe
to openness with him. as I bad been
afraid he would. I told him that, as the
man I wanted to find might not remain In
Paris. I should like to have the hunt be
gin at once, and if the fellow should be
unearthed. I would gladly pay him (Du
bois) a hundred pounds.
The detective, still with rather an odd
expression on bis face, promised to do his
best, and to keep his mouth shut. On the
whole. I was pleased with him. He looked
like a person who knew his business, and
could do it with any man. Had It not
been for my solemn promise to the For
eigu Secretary and the danger for Juli
ette. I would gladly have told him every
thing exactly »8 it had happened, begin
ning with my' morning call at Sir Gordon
Itevelstoke's— which now seemed several
years ago. \
BETWEEN TWO FIRES
Sunday Call Literary SectionI had put the thought from me and dis
claimed It to Noel Brent; yet I knew,
deep down In my heart, that this was
what I had feared ever since Noel had
denied having both the treaty and the
diamonds: this-t hat-that Ipanoff's own
agent, not the police, had stolen the docu
.ment during the journey.
I know that I am not a coward; yet it
was only by the strongest effort of will
that I forced myself to open It. When—
In my dreEsing-room— I tore off the enve
lope, brtght sparks danced between my
eyes and the closely written .page I dread
ed as a condemned criminal might dread
the stroke of the guillotine's sharp blade,
the Mm triumphant words telling that the
treaty was In his hands.
' My pulses gave' a bound, for I thought
that Noel Brent might have had bad
bad ne»« and written me; but I suffered
something worse than disappointment as
X saw the handwriting on the sealed en
velope. The letter was from my enemy.
Count Ipanoff.
He left me Indefinitely saddened, as If,
unknown to himself, the shadow of my
great fear had fallen upon him.
; This was &t the end of the first act As
I was hurrying to my dressing-room after
the eecond act the stage door keeper In
tercepted me with the reverential air
which he always has if for any reason It
I* necessary for him to address me:
"Gracious mademoiselle, a letter, which
I was urgently requested to put Into your
hands," he said.
1 Bhlvered: and I shall not be colder
when they dress me for my coffin. I
wished I had not looked over that preci
pice into the blackness beneath. Let me
make the most of these five minutes
which might be our last! I remembered
the chock of Joy which it wa« in my
power to give him. But at that Instant
the clock In my dressing-room adjoining
the boudoir struck with sharp, silvery
'note*. 1 had delayed too long to speak of
the necklace. The five minutes had come
to an end.
"1 must go." I eald. "It will not do for
me to be late. But I have good news for
you. Mavime— and a great surprise. I
have not another moment to epare you*
during the play, as I ha\'e almost to open
¦each act: but when the curtain goes down
on my death scene, come behind again.
I will see you here for a few minutes be
fore I begin to dross to go home.'
"For a few minutes?" he echoed. "But
afterward— what then? You promised that
•1 might sup with you alone at your
house."
.' My heart eprang to my throat at the
: w0rds. Never before had I forgotten an
.engagement with Maxime. But this time
I had forgotten. Desperate perplexity and
nerve-killing excitement had driven the
recollection from my mind. I could feel
'the blocd rush up to my face, then ebb
;away again, and I knew that Maxime saw
the change with surprise — for, unlike most
'actresses 1 , I wear no "make-up" on the
etage: I think it destroys expression, and
my complexion bears the glare of the
footlights well.
¦ "Had you forgotten?" Inquired Maxime,
reproachfully.
. I could not bear to tell him that It would
¦be impossible for me to keep my prom
ise, so f temporized. "We'll talk of it at
the close of the play— after my death," I
.fcald, trying to laugh; yet the words rang
•ominously in my own ears. I wished that
1 had_ not attempted so sorry a jest
¦ • Maxime looked at me questioningly, but
."I put him from me. saying that he must
- fro this instant or I should have to keep
the curtain down— a thing which I prided
myself on never having done yet
"Yen were glorlocs, my darltatT* he
-»—»<-«'"-* "I was so proud of you tha*
X eoeld hardly belle** la my own good
fortune. To sit there la the box aad see
the whole house rise to you. applauding.
shouting 'Bravo!' every man adoring
your beauty and your genius, yet to know
that you are mine; that no other man
has the right to hold you In his arms aad
kiss rou like this— and this!"
"Suppose that they all hated and hissed
me?" I. said, drawing back a little, and
looking up at him. "Would you still love
xs* then, or does it make me dearer to
have a background of admiration?"
"I would love you better, tf there is a
•better,' " he answered. "You know I am
a jealous brute. There'd be a fierce joy
In racing- a world that had turned against
you."
"What Is there that would make you
love me less?" X asked, dwelling upon the
subject with a kind cf fearful fascination,
such as I have found in hanging over the
brink of a sheer precipice.
"Nothing on God's earth— while you
were true to me."
"And If I deceived you?"
"Then— I think I would kill you— and kill
»yse!f. But why speak of such things?
I know— strange as It seems that you can
—how you do love me, or you would not
have given to much to save me from
rum."
The fear bade m* cUnc closer to Max-
Ira*, dreadini: thai this might be our last
embrace, that for the last tlm* th* love-
Ught might be «>»*»inj- la his dark eyes
tor m*»
He thought It was but my excitement
In playing for the first time a heavy and
trying part. X could see In bis eyes, hear
In his voice, that never had he worshiped
me as on this night Since he had brought
himself to accept the loan I had insisted
upon rnf Mrg, to help him out of the dif
ficulty in which he had been Involved
by the loss ef the necklao*. be had re
garded me as th* angel of his salvation.
Now I had news Cor him t* fill his heart
with Joy. He woold love me more than
before, if possible, and X would take his
love as my right, and hid* th* secret of
ray treachery as long as I could. But how
long would It be? How could I tell that
at this moment th* theft of the treaty
bad not been discovered, aad that the
avalanche was not about to overwhelm
us both?
• What can be worse for a woman than
the secret knowledge that to hold her
lover's respect always she must keep one
black spot covered? Such a woman needs
no future puniFhment. She has all — all
thf deserves while on this earth. I real
ized it at that moment and the realiza
tion choked me. X could not speak to
Maxime. I could only shudder and sob
In his arms.
put me away in horror If he knew me
lor the Judas that -I was.'
For years I had been a political spy—
ye«. But I owed a grudge to Franc* and
Russia, which I had promised my father
to pay. And besides, it is different to de
«he a country from what it Is to de
ceive the man you adore. We women are
true to Individuals. For them we would
all sacrifice a cause; and never had I suf
fered Buch acute torture as I did at that
moment in the shameful thought that
Maxime de RJbaumont— honorable, noble
cherished In me a traitor; that even If
*uin did not overwhelm us, nothing— noth
ing on earth could wash the stain from
the heart he believed to be pure.
He bowed acquiescence and moved back,
that the groom might receive his instruc
tions; and five minutes later he was sit
ting in the brougham beside me, with
Agnes seated opposite.
"Now," I began, : abruptly, in Russian,
cutting short bis fulsome praises of my
acting, "what have you to say. to me?"
I was determined to stand cautiously on
the defensive, letting each decisive move
be made by the adversary. "My maid
speaks only French." -.-_ ' .
"Why are -you bo cruelly, harsh?" he
exclaimed. "How have* I ever offended
"I will stop for you at the corner of the
Rue Boulanger: it would not do, as you
must know, for me to take you In here,"
I whispered, hurriedly. • .. ¦¦',
I was veiled, and I did not turn my eyes
to the right or left as I walked from the
stage door to the brougham, which, as I
had expected, was in its place. It was
not for me to look about for Ipanoff: It
was for him to be awaiting me, and so it
fell out As my groom opened the door
for me. the Russian stepped forward with
a "Good evening, mademoiselle," softly
pronounced in his hated voice.
My brougham would be waiting for me.
I knew, and my plan, was to speak to
Ipanoff. and then take him up a little
later, allowing him to drive with me and
Agnes, who always accompanied < ma
home. We would talk, together In Rus
sian, of which Agnes did not understand
a word; but her presence would be. a pro
tection, and, In case Ipanoff dared to ex
ceed the limits of my forbearance, I had
but to press an electric button close to
my hand for the carriage to be stopped
and the English groom (a stout fellow
and devoted to me) to appear at the win
dow.
"That is more easily promised than
some other things," said Maxime, smil
ing. "And I thank you a thousand times
in advance. Shall I tell you *hat I hope I
Ehall find?— the miniature of yourself In
a frame, and with a chain to hand round
my neck over my heart, such as you have
eaid you would give me some day. It
feels like that in my hand." As he spoke
he thrust the little bag with Its precious
contents into an Inside pocket of his coat.
Then there was nothing more for him to
say except the good-night which I was
waiting for— hating, yet longing to hear.
When he was gone I made Agnes hurry
me out of the gold and white brocade of
Helolse. and into my own inconspicu
ous black dress and cloak which 1 had
worn to call az>on Noel Brent at the
Elysee Palace Hotel. Already it was half
past 11, and I had to see Count Ipanoff
and reach my own house by midnight. In
time to receive Noel. I was thankful that
Maxime's unselfish and trusting love for
me had rendered him for once .bo easy to
manage, and I could only hope that no
prying person might witness my meeting
with the Russian to make mischief \a the
future. ''.-9. t . -w ~'>
I went quickly, as I finished speaking,
from the . boudoir to • the dressing-room,
where Agnes was putting away my things
for the night She never leaves the room
when I am out of it. lor she is a dragon
in guarding my jewels, which are pretty If
not very valuable. To-night the famous
necklace was in the box with such of my
own things as I had not sold or pawned
for Maxime. I had left the queer red
leather case with Noel Brent, and brought
the diamonds away with me in my
pocket; but as soon as I reached the thea
ter, unseen by Agnes, I had slipped the
necklace into a little embroidered eilk bag
in which I sometimes carried a purse and
handkerchief. This I had thrust into. the
jewel-box, eo that unconsciously my maid
was guarding 600,000 francs' worth of dia
monds, not counting my few trifles.
Earlier In the evening I meant before
leaving the theater to give the necklace
to Maxime and enjoy his surprise and re
lief at the sight of it. But now I had
changed my mind. It was necessary to
get rid ef Maxime (hateful as those words
sound in connection with one so dearly
loved) aa soon as possible, lest he and
Count Ipanoff should meet and Maxime
entirely misunderstand the nature of my
appointments with the latter. "Besides, I
was unprepared with an answer for the
questions Maxime was certain to ask me
In connection with the mysterious recov
ery of the diamonds. After having talked
with Noel Brent everything might be dif
ferent, and at all events I should know
better what to say.
With this resolve. I took the embroi
dered bag from my jewel-box and gave It
with Its ribbons tightly knotted, to Max
ime. "This holds something which you
will think precious," I announced, "par
ticularly as I have been at some trouble
to get it for you. So, for my sake, don't
open the bag to see what Is Inside until
you are at home In your bedroom with
the door locked."
"Only that I think I love you more
than I ever did before, and— I suppoie It's
the fault of that last scene— I have a
wretched, inexplicable sense of impend
ing lots."
The words had a specially sharp edge
for me— one that he did not dream of
giving. But I dared not let him see how
they pierced me. "It will be all the
eweeter to meet to-morrow." I assured
him. "Promise me that you will ge
straight home and dream of me as I shall
of you. Then to-morrow before you begin
the day's work stop and see me. I shall
be up and ready to receive you, no mat
ter how early It may be. But now, to
reward you for being good, I have some
thing for you— something that you will
like very much."
"Don't think that X do not want yon to
be with me," I said.' "I d* want you—
oh, more than you can guess! But I am
so tired— I am almost 11L When I asked
you to have supper with me I did not
realize how utterly worn out I was."
"My dearest!" he exclaimed. "Then X
will not be selfish. You will go home and
straight to bed. But you will let mo
drive with you to the door?"
"Even to that I must say no," X In
sisted, miserably, straining every nerve
to be plausible, to convince him of my
wisdom, and not to pain him too much.
"You see," I went on. "I did not mean,
evea whea I first asked you to suppe*
to let you drive home with me from th*
theater. We are engaged to be married*
and If people knew that they would be
disarmed, for aa actress may do, many
things which a woman ef society could
not do without scandal But they do not
know and must not know quite yet,
therefore I must be prudent I must not
appear to grant you favors which I will
-not grant to others; and I have never re
ceived any other man alone after the the
ater. You should be glad that this Is
true."
"Of course I am glad and proud," said
Maxime. "But It's horribly hard to see
no more of you— to-night of all nights."
"Why to-night of all nights?" I was
suspicious in my guilty cowardice again.
man X pretended to be had died on the
stage, and been resurrected Into the wo
man I must be In real life, all the press-
Ing problems had to be solved at once.
First there was Maxime to be put off
and pacified— Maxime, whose help and
loving protection I needed so much, yet
must deny myself, and hurt him Instead.
He wa* waiting for me again at th*
door of my boudoir, and I had at least
one thing to be thankful for— I had denied
myself to everybody else, refusing all In
vitations for the evening after th* thea
ter. He took my hands and kissed them
passionately; but his face was pal* and
aad. and my coward conscience gave m*
a quick stab of fear.
"What Is the matter?" I asked, whll*
Inside my head there was a shrieking
question! "What If the news had come
to him? What If already something has
happened— the beginning of the end?"
X could have cried with the snapping of
the tension when he answered: "It was
only that terrible scene— your death, as
Helolse, my dear one. It was so horribly
real. It was all X could. do to sit still In
the box and bear It I wanted to spring
on the stage and save you from that ruf
fian. I think I can never come to se*
you In this part again. You don't know
what it Is to touch you once more—'warm
and alive— your own beautiful self. You
will let me go home with you. and stay
for a little while, won't you, my queen?"
How it broke my heart to sand him
from met
yo*t save by loving you too well? Even
now, though you have treated me as no
man with self-respect should allow.him
self to be treated by a woman, I adore
you still, and have risked humiliation in
coming to you once more, solely because
I wish to be your friend, since you will
not have me as your lover."*
"I thank you as much as you deserve,"
I said, without attempting to conceal my
bitterness. "And I should b* still mor*
grateful for enlightenment Pray .do not
beat about the bush, but toll me straight
out your purpose In seeking this Inter
view." „
, "I hav* sought It becaas* I love you
and because I desire to warn you. Every,
thing- is known."
"I am at a loss to understand you," I
replied, though I might hav* added that
I knew well what he wished me to : un
derstand. "You spoak In riddles.**
because the attempt you mad* to work
me has been thwarted and you hop* yet
to snatch - success from th* Jaws of ¦ fail
ure by trading upon the fears of a' weak
woman. Now I have learned ¦ from you
what I wished to /learn; and I am re
warded . for. the sacrifice X . made \ In con
senting to see you.". " ; :, ; "'{
Bo suddenly and with such passion did
Z us* the lash of my tongue that for a
moment he was stricken Into sllsnoe. Th*
•lectAo lamp which lit the t orougnam
shewed me hW face, and ft had the same
look I have seen In the green eyes of a
caged: wolf.'- - ,-•: ./.,¦" -;¦ .- . ;
I had caged his lust for revenge, and
for a - few seconds J Z j was happy In my
triumph, for I was certain now that,
whatever had been the fate ef the mys
teriously lost treaty. It had not yet com*
Into his: hands. He had tried the game
ef bluff, and I had found him out and
"No. Yet my point was proved doubly
so, indeed: for at. th* corner of th* Rue
Boulanger I happened to notice that th*
Comte was near, and observing that your
brougham. had stopped to take me in."
•"You coward!". I breathed. .. %'
"On the contrary— a brave man. X be
lieve that the Comte de J Ribaumont is a
very fine shot, and also a swordsman of
the first rank.. But now, dear mademoi
selle, I will not give you the pain of dis
missing me. I have loyally accomplished
my. object for I have warned j you of : the
danger which J more ! than . threatens you,
and It Is not my fault If you will not be
lieve my word. Again, let me Impress
upon you that you are in dire danger; but
you have still at least a friend who would
go through fire and water to sav* you.
And now. adieu."
. This time it was he who had reduced
me to speechlessness. In silence I touched
th* electric boU. The brougham stopped
Henri is a well-trained, old servant, and
his face was. expressionless; yet I knew,
as his "eye moved about the drawing room,
that he was surprised to find me alone.
"If the person knocking is the Comte
de Ribaumont you may admit him." I
said. "And— Henri— nobody else has been
here to-night since I returned from the
theater." , *',v>'
1 "Very . well, mademoiselle: I quite un
derstand," said the old man. with an im
movable countenance.
He went without another word into my
boudoir, which adjoins the drawing room.
The key was in the door. I turned it in
the lock, snatched It out, and t slipped it
into my pocket Hardly had I done so
when Henri appeared at the only' other
door— the one leading into the entrance
hall.
. "Mademoiselle." he quietly announced,
'.'somebody knocks. Is it that you left the
gate unlocked? -And am I to admit any
one?". f.r-.'l';- '^-V-'i : ¦
"Don't stand there arguing and advis
ing!" I cut in. In a fierce whisper. "He's
knocking again for the third time. Go
go—go!" .
"I daren't. I'd forbidden him to come
here. I told him I was ill. and must go
straight to bed. He saw me with Count
Ipanoff, and now. if he finds you with
me what wilt he think? Yet the door
must be answered. Listen to that knock
ing! I can't' send him away. Hide your
self!—quickly, quickly— and I'll have
Henri let him In. Oh why do you delay?
Go into the next room. You can get out
through the window and leave the house
while Maxime and I are talking;."
"I'll do what you wish," said Noel. "But
I beg of you take my advice, and don't
attempt to deceive him. Better let
m» — " • ,
"Let him in, and tell him that I came
to see you on important business from a
friend in England, which could not await
till to-morrow."
As I spoke there came a knock at the
front door. Maxime's knock, I was cer
tain. I grew giddy, and my presence of
mind deserted me* " If only Noel had
come when he promised by this time he
would have been gone: but now I knew
not what to do for the best. I had suf
fered to much that my power of prompt
decision seemed dead.
"It is Maxime, I know," X whispered.
"What is to be done?"
We were standing In the drawing-room,
and the silk curtains were drawn across
the big bow window, yet mechanically
my eyes turned to it, and my heart was
beating fast "What if it should be Max
ime?" I exclaimed.
"Hush!" I broke in. catching him by
the arm. "I heard a step outside on the
gravel. I forgot to lock the gate. Did
you do it?"
"No," he answered In a low voice.
"I was very sorry to be late." said NoeL
"I— met some friends at the hotel Just
as I, was leaving, and was obliged to say
a few words to them. Then, when I had
got into a cab the wretched hone fell
down, and I had to walk after all, as
there wasn't another In sight, and "
"If I had known he would be so late,"
I said, rather reproachfully, "I might
have allowed him to come home with me
for a few moments, but as It was I
dared not; for Maxlme's one fault is
Jealousy."
"Even if Dubols . Is IpanofTs friend.**
said Noel, "it Isn't likely that the Rus
sian would be fool enough to confide his
designs against you to any one, no mat
ter how great the intimacy.' ' The chances
are that Dubois. will know no more of this
affair than a stranger— beyond what I
have told him; and if he's a man of honor
he's bound to do the best he can for me
as his employer. Hav* you seen - the
Comte de Ribaumont?"
"Yes; and h* had heard nothing;. But
that fiend Ipanoff has mad* mischief be
tween US." •£!
And I told Noel Brent all that had
passed between me and the Russian. I
told him, too. how. I had given the dia
monds so mysteriously recovered to Max
ime, with the understanding that he was
not to open the bag which contained them
until he reached home.
"Jove!" ejaculated NoeL "What . an
unfortunate coincidence! Yet how could
Z have dreamt of it?"
"You could not** I admitted. "Nothlnf
Is your fault All that has happened
would have happened just the . same if
Ijord Reckworth had chosen another mes
sengrer. . It is. fate, and It is my,punish
ment"
"Why?" demanded Noel, looking aston-
Ished and uncomfortable. "What in
there against him?"
"There Is this against him! He is a
personal friend of my worst enemy. Ivaa
Ipanoff— the man of whom I spoke to you
this evening. X have heard so from Ipan
off himself."
For a few moments my sharpened ears.
could detect no sound in the quiet street
that lay sleeping- outside the high wall of
my garden. . Then at last the gate bell
rang.
I had sent Agnes to bed and only on*
servant an elderly man la whoso dlscro
tlon and affection X had implicit trust
was sitting up. He had been told that I
expected a visitor, and with scarcely any
delay he would have been at th* gat*.
But I could not wait and. running down
th* path, I myself unlocked It
"Thank heaven I" I exclaimed aloud, as
the light from the distant door of the
house, which X had left wide open, fell
full upon the face of Noel Brent In my
relief at seeing him. after the vague hor
rors I had feared, I forgot to lock th*
gate, which is always kept bolted at
night and naturally Noel did not think
of It Old Henri, seeing that X had lot
In my midnight visitor, dlsorootly kopt la
the background, and supposing— as X
learned afterward— that X had of course
shot th* bolt, did not go down to the
g-at*. He returned to th* servants' room.
there to nod over a story-book and wait
until X should ring for him to escort th*
guest out.
"Well— wonr* I qoosttoaod, with my
hand on Noel's arm as wo wsikod toward
th* house. "For pity's sake, what a*ws
ef th* treaty?"
"No actual news," he answ*r*d. "X
went off on th* wrong sosai aad wasted
a lot of tlm*, and then did what Z wish
Z had den* at first— oocuraltod a yrrrat*
d*t*etlvo-*Jk of oourso, tt wouldn't 4s> to
go. to the potto*."
"Too told your story— ox? story— to a
detective T" Z gasped.
"No; certainly not Z merely described
my three traveling companions and asks4
him to find them at one*, but moro par*
tlcularly th* little ohap, who \» almost
surely th* guilty one. X simply stated
that something of value had 1mb stolen
from me, and Z gar* th* samo name
which Z was Instructed to flv* at th*
hotel— James Ouest of Birmingham, The
detective held out hopes of gtttlng hold
of the men shortly, and I may even hear
from him to-night I shan't go to bod
before three or four, la th* hop* that h*
may call or 'send a mess ago boforo that
Now, don't look so desperat*. my poor
girl. This detective fellow Dubols seemed
to think there'd be very little difficulty
In tracking our man, and then, even if
he's parted with the treaty, we can easily
find out what he's done with it"
"Duboisl" I echoed. "Is your dotoo
tlve's name Paul Dubois, aad doos ho live
In the Ruo du Capuein Brunt"
"Yes. Do you know him? Xs h* a coed
man?" • ,
"I know him, and he Is considered
extraordinarily sharp and quick, so much
so that he has gained the nickname of th*
'Ferret' Nevertheless, I would rather
you had gone to no on* at all. or to any
ether detective In Parts."
had no fear of th* gho«t that wa* poiro
larly supposed to haunt th* plac*. The
necessary . repairs had cost a good deal,
but th* result in the house and : in the
walled garden was most satisfactory, and
never had I more reason to be 'thankful
for my privacy than Iliad to-night. . :
It was almost on the stroke of midnight
when I reached home, and at 13 Noel
Brent had: promised to come. But th*
moments passed and he did not appear.
"Something has happened to him," X told
myself; and at last the suspense grew so
unbearable that I could not resist going
to the door to watch and listen. .
"No. it is not enough." Maxim* an
swered. "There is something, you must
make dear to me first before I go on my
knees to you. as I hope to do In a mo
ment more. If you came home alone, ant
"I tell you I have answered. ; . There is
no one here but you. Is not that enough
for your* I let my voice rise to hysteri
cal sharpness now. and I did not "try to
keep back the tears; for I wanted ti> bring
him to my feet in repenta , «• And I
hoped that I might still be £ng the
truth. I ' had heard no sound torn tha
next room, but It might well b« ;hat Noel
Brent had found his way out and; was
gone. v • .
"I have • anrwered. What do yon want
more? Maxime.. I don't know you to
night, and I am ill. Do you want me to
suffer* I. was good to you. too. . But,
perhaps, you don't know yet Have you
opened the. little silk bag that I gave
you at the theater?"
"No; I prbmlied vou I would not until
I reached home. rSbaven't thought of it
from that minute to this. How could I?
Juliette, answer me. Do not try to put
me off. I have not come here in a -mood
for trifling."
first answer me"
"It is not an insult I have a right to
ask it Presently I will tell you why. But
X sank into a chair and •?-**?
long, whlUrhooded WTap which- 1 had for
gotten to lay aside until. thi* moment. I
tried to tivemyself an air^of lassitade;
¦but. act as I. might.. I could not subdue
the burning. colpr in my w cheeks, or the
fever-light la my eyes, which I knew wai
1 Opposite to the fauteull into f" 0 * 1 *? 1
thrown myself was a long mirror reach
ing from floor to celling . I « 1 "$ 6 1* <^"
at it. fearfuly anxious to see «'«[««•
would bear Maxlme's searching *u*vua
as I studied my own reflection Maxima .
Image appeared behind It. pale and stern
Our eyes met in the glass, and never had
his been so cold to me. ": v"_ -
My only hope with him was to taka th«
Initiative and steal his weapons. ¦ -^
"I know why. you have come. X «ld.
"Ipanoff told me what he bad said to
T< "You admit It. then?- asked XUxmie.
He crossed the room and stood la front o£
me. his arms folded. He was handsomer
than he had ever been, and I adored him.
Something Inside of me seemed to keep
whispering: "Ke W yours to-night. Make
the most of your hour, for to-morrow
comes— the deluge."
"Did you expect me to lie to jroa?" I re
torted, bravely, lookln* him straight to
the eyes. . ,
X faint gleam of hop* lit o» » thMlr
depth*, "Juliette." h* axolaimsd. "roc
heaven's sake, giv* mm back my ttSih la
yeu. It U death to lose It."
-It U an insult torn* IKat y*« shontfd
ipuk of losing It/* I answered him. a«
boldly as if I deserved toe faith I claimed
from him as my right * "Iran Ipanoff
hates me now far more than he ever loved
me, and a nature like his will stoop to the
lowest depths of Infamy for release* H»
has seen that we care for eaea other, and
be would part uttb* could. H«"4 stop
at nothing. There's so Ui tM bss* for
him to tell you of met yet tfll tM* lastaat
I would have sworn that yoo Iot*4 ma
tM wtU to billm ont," ' .
Za sayta* this, perhay* ' Half lassn
•deusly. Z bunt a ho?* taai, tt. the) ssaefc
sh«al* ««m* to-marr»w. Z aliM fsisusis
V"^«" that tt vu a iinsf— us trtcss
•f Ipaaecrs to nda us b«ta at a W*w,
thus earing his lor* f «r me la cptto el all.
Zt wm a mad hop* and * wioks4 *ai|Wt
X was at my wits' ends; and. If tnnoniit
of this one crime. IpaaoS was guilty ef
many another which had not yet ba*a
brought horn* to him.
"Bow eonld I hely k*a*Ttmr nxjr *wa
•year' Maxim* demanded. -The CaC^r
dared to offer a wafer, toot, of . oearse>
I would not llston. Whan ho said: thai
he was to sr» with you at yoor house
hero I told him ho lied, and X resolved
that Z would not even watch you ¦ leave
the theater, as he suggested. Even to da
that would bo weakness and lack of fslth.
X assured myself. And yet. whoa the tlmo
came. X could not resist X would hav«
staked my life that. If ho tried to spoak
with you as you were going to your car
riage, you would not permit him a word;
and it was because I persuaded myself
at last you might need protection from
him that I finally waited to see you com*
out I could hardly credit the evidence
of my own eyes whea I saw you whisper
ing with him. apparently making an ap
pointment and by that time I was half
mad. I followed your carriage. X saw it
stop.* I saw you take Ipanoff In beside
you— Ipanoff, after putting me off with a
plea of Illness, despite my love and long
ing. I saw you drive, not toward the
Rue d'AnJou. but away from It I know
not what terrible thoughts did battlo la
my brain. X hailed a cab.' and told the
man I would pay him well to keep your
brougham in sight But. after all. I lost
It and followed another by mistake, only
learning that I was wrong when it
stopped and a strange man and woman
got out. Then I came here. Now I have
confessed all my doubts. Tell me. with
your dear voice and true eyes, that they
have wronged you. and make me believe
In your love and loyalty to me a*-aln If
you can."
X tried to laugh, but the effort was not
a success. "You have little faith In your
self as .well as In me." I said, "it you
can fancy that. I. would be, f also to you
for a man like. Ivaa Ipanoff."
"Who can tell what a woman loves In a
man? Explain yourself to me, Juliette.
Don't palter." . • ¦ : ,
: "Ipanoff pretended that he knew a ter
rible secret concerning you," I said as
steadily : as I could. "X feared that la
some strange way he had heard about—
the necklace. He vowed that be would
tell me' all. and help me to save you from
ruin if I would let him drive with me to
night for half an Lour in' my brougham.
He said this In a letter which was handed
Ho me by the stag* doorkeeper Just after
I parted with you. If It had not boea
for the necklace I would hav» refused ;
but I felt that I must find out If ho really
knew anything. It was all for you. Max
—all for you. Now do you believe me?"
"I— think that I believe you." he said,
slowly. "And yet— and yet—'*
"Is there an 'and yet?* Don't you so*
the plot 7 Th* man was playing us oft.
one against the other. He boastod to ypu,
and, In order to keep bis boast he trlckod
me; for in reality ho knew nothing. I
soon discovered that and sent him adrift
When I had got rid of him. I drove ham*
alone." '. .
"You drovo home alone T* "fiHxVn-
Ime, with aa expression trowing fa his
great dark eyes that frightened mo. In*
stinctlvely I felt that he suspected some
thing, and would catch me tripping— that,
inadvertently, I had given him. a new
hook on which to hang- his jealous sus
picion. My heart began to knock slckan
ingly against my side. Bo far there had
been enough of truth In my story to keep
my conscience comparatively clear aad
to enable my manner to bo convincing. X
could not see how I had tripped any
where, . yet that awful look In th* eyes X
loved made of me a coward, and turned
my blood to water. Oh, to sob out all' th*
truth on his breast and beg forgiveness,
whatever happened, becauso It had bo*a
for his sake! Yet I knew that the depth
of his great lovs were not dear enough
to hold pardon for such a sin as that To
keep him I must keep my. seer at tf either
could be kept. --..,'
"I drove home alone." . I repeated.
thankful that it was the truth.
"Neither Ipanoff nor any other man
was with you?" : v j *.
"No man at all," I answered, emphati
cally. My training as an actress stood
me in good stead now; yet how soon it
would cease to bear me up I knew not
The nerves of my face were quivering. X
prayed that Maxime did not see.
"You mean to. tell me that no man baa
been with you to-night?"
A purplish haze rose before my strained
eyes and floated like a veil of gauz* be
tween me and him.
"You are here," I said, railing stiffly.
"Ah! Is that your answer, Juliette?
Am I the only one?" ¦' . .
"Why do. you ask me a question that—
that in Itself spoken as you speak. Is aa
Insult?"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Must I put It more plainly? Then— the
loss of the document Is known." . .
"What document?" 1, inquired, bent on
forcing his. hand.
"If you must have it, the one that you
took from the Foreign Office on the day
when the Comte de Ribaumont gave you
tea there." .
' "And what document was that?" I per
sisted coldly. &*&&£z*&
'One of a nature too important to name
within hearing of other ears lhan yours."
"You refer to Agnes. But as I have told
you, French Is her. only language.. -What
document do you. accuse me I of stealing
from the. Foreign Office on the day you
name?" ¦ \ ., • . ¦ .;. • ¦•¦.- \- ¦: ,, ¦
1 "I accuse you of nothing. That Is your
own word. If I accused any one. It would
probably be the Comte do Ribaumont . X
am not his friend, . but his rival."
"And you are my friend? Ah, yes; I
remember. You have assured me of that.
Well, 'then; why do you not accuse him
if It be In your power?".
' "Because; I know that; he is dear to
you,* and I .would spare "you pain.'? v' -.
."You are indeed considerate. Yet I beg
to differ ¦ from , you y as ; to \ the < reason.
You do not ' accuse the Comte ; de ,", Rib
aumont of j a - crime against his •' country
because ¦ you have no evidence that one
has been committed, and the proving of
his innocence would mean your" destrtic-'
tlon.* t Instead, you come to me." privately.
THE HOUR AFTER MIDNIGHT.
, "How you misjudge me I"' Ipanoff de
voutly exclaimed. ; "Had I wished to In
jure instead of serving you I might have
dropped a hint about you , and , the docu
ment to the Comte de Ribaumont .when
we met a few moments ago at the door of
the theater. ='¦ I did ¦ not do that, however.
I merely mentioned to him the- great
pleasure I had In store.";- •; v-
At last his weapon ' had found a vital
part. '"You dared . to -tell " him that you
were to meet me!" 1 1 ejaculated, v ,
."Why not? >:. It was , the truth. % And I
have always ..understood it to be a boast
of Mademoiselle de Nevers that she never
commits an 'act which she Is ashamed: to
acknowledge before the world." . . ¦
"He would; not believe you 1", I cried, as
much to convince myself as to defy Ipan
off.^ •.¦:¦,¦':..¦ v; :.v-. -¦¦.••¦¦ (¦;=¦; ¦.:;¦.¦:.:-,:¦: -.
"I ; admit he did not take my/ word at
first, . but, naturally annoyed at being
doubted, I invited Monsieur de Ribaumont
to observe your departure. If we did ; not
speak confidentially together at your car
riage Tdpor! : he might, call'; me a liar,"' I
6aid, t'ihd I .would not.resent.lt." -¦-¦
' "But we did not drive away together,"
I : persisted. * ¦ ' >-
CHAPTER VIII.
beaten him at it. But the 'bright bubble
of my' elation was .soon to,- be pricked.
It burst with my enemy's next words.
and Count Ipanoff, with a low bow, a few
murmured words in French meant for the
ears of the servants and- an extended
hand, which naturally I Ignored, got out
and disappeared Into the night >i
I By my orders, given through the groom,
the coachman had driven in an opposite
direction from the Rue d'Anjou. Now,
having dropped Count Ipanoff, he had to
drive back, and I - half dreaded, half
longed; to find Maxime, waiting to re
proach . me near the \ gate of \ my
walled garden. But he was not there. No
one was in sight except a girl, who stared
at me from the window of a hired coupe
being driven • slowly through the street.
She had an ugly, malicious face, which I
saw. plainly for a second or two In the
light of a street lamp, but" as I had no
recollection of ever\ having j seen her be
fore. I attached no Importance to her
presence,. though, the hour was late.*
¦I dislike being -stared at on stairs or In
a lift, and I had not been satisfied, after
settling In Paris, until I discovered a
small house In its own grounds, which I
could have entirely to myself. I had ad
vertised and anally obtained exactly what
I wanted. . ,- ¦¦¦'¦¦'¦ ' . % ¦' . ¦¦¦':•¦" .
To.be sure, the Rue d'AnJou left tome
thing '.to" be desired. It was': a I gloomy
street, and nay house had been long unoc
cupied, owlngf to: its evil notoriety as the
scene '¦. of a' murder. | But the murder had
happened nearly > twenty years ago and 1 1
Fortunately for me. perhaps, my part
srave me no more time even to think.
Sometimes It even enabled me to forget
for a few moments, but, when the wo-
This was the last straw; yet. even as
he boasted, for my own protection I must
Bee him. What he had to tell me. that I
must hear and order my future conduct
accordingly. But how to meet him at the
Ftage door after refusing— as I must re
fuse—to let Maxime go home with me, my
racked brain was too weary to decide. "I
must trust to luck— I roust trust to luck,"
I muttered desperately, as I gave myself
Into the hands of my maid Agnes to be
d rested for the third act.
I dreaded, when the sparks had cleared
from before my «>yes, to read an ultima
tum. It would be a coup for Ipanoff to
bid rn« choose between marriage with
him or annihilation for Maxime de Ribau
mont and myself; and It would be like
him; for when I had refused him the third
tlnta, n»f di*»uJr.lng my hatred, he had
•worn on what he called hia honor to
bring me to him repenting on my knees
But I might have known that the man
would not lay down his trumps on the
table for me to note so early in the game.
The letter told me nothing except that he
desired to see me without delay. For my
own sake, he advised me to grant him an
Interview; and In the confident expecta
tion that I would accede to his request,
he would be at the etage door waiting for
me when I came out
2I had put the thought from me and dis
claimed It to Noel Brent; yet I knew,
deep down In my heart, that this was
what I had feared ever since Noel had
denied having both the treaty and the
diamonds: this-t hat-that Ipanoff's own
agent, not the police, had stolen the docu
.ment during the journey.
I know that I am not a coward; yet it
was only by the strongest effort of will
that I forced myself to open It. When—
In my dreEsing-room— I tore off the enve
lope, brtght sparks danced between my
eyes and the closely written .page I dread
ed as a condemned criminal might dread
the stroke of the guillotine's sharp blade,
the Mm triumphant words telling that the
treaty was In his hands.
' My pulses gave' a bound, for I thought
that Noel Brent might have had bad
bad ne»« and written me; but I suffered
something worse than disappointment as
X saw the handwriting on the sealed en
velope. The letter was from my enemy.
Count Ipanoff.
He left me Indefinitely saddened, as If,
unknown to himself, the shadow of my
great fear had fallen upon him.
; This was &t the end of the first act As
I was hurrying to my dressing-room after
the eecond act the stage door keeper In
tercepted me with the reverential air
which he always has if for any reason It
I* necessary for him to address me:
"Gracious mademoiselle, a letter, which
I was urgently requested to put Into your
hands," he said.
1 Bhlvered: and I shall not be colder
when they dress me for my coffin. I
wished I had not looked over that preci
pice into the blackness beneath. Let me
make the most of these five minutes
which might be our last! I remembered
the chock of Joy which it wa« in my
power to give him. But at that Instant
the clock In my dressing-room adjoining
the boudoir struck with sharp, silvery
'note*. 1 had delayed too long to speak of
the necklace. The five minutes had come
to an end.
"1 must go." I eald. "It will not do for
me to be late. But I have good news for
you. Mavime— and a great surprise. I
have not another moment to epare you*
during the play, as I ha\'e almost to open
¦each act: but when the curtain goes down
on my death scene, come behind again.
I will see you here for a few minutes be
fore I begin to dross to go home.'
"For a few minutes?" he echoed. "But
afterward— what then? You promised that
•1 might sup with you alone at your
house."
.' My heart eprang to my throat at the
: w0rds. Never before had I forgotten an
.engagement with Maxime. But this time
I had forgotten. Desperate perplexity and
nerve-killing excitement had driven the
recollection from my mind. I could feel
'the blocd rush up to my face, then ebb
;away again, and I knew that Maxime saw
the change with surprise — for, unlike most
'actresses 1 , I wear no "make-up" on the
etage: I think it destroys expression, and
my complexion bears the glare of the
footlights well.
¦ "Had you forgotten?" Inquired Maxime,
reproachfully.
. I could not bear to tell him that It would
¦be impossible for me to keep my prom
ise, so f temporized. "We'll talk of it at
the close of the play— after my death," I
.fcald, trying to laugh; yet the words rang
•ominously in my own ears. I wished that
1 had_ not attempted so sorry a jest
¦ • Maxime looked at me questioningly, but
."I put him from me. saying that he must
- fro this instant or I should have to keep
the curtain down— a thing which I prided
myself on never having done yet
"Yen were glorlocs, my darltatT* he
-»—»<-«'"-* "I was so proud of you tha*
X eoeld hardly belle** la my own good
fortune. To sit there la the box aad see
the whole house rise to you. applauding.
shouting 'Bravo!' every man adoring
your beauty and your genius, yet to know
that you are mine; that no other man
has the right to hold you In his arms aad
kiss rou like this— and this!"
"Suppose that they all hated and hissed
me?" I. said, drawing back a little, and
looking up at him. "Would you still love
xs* then, or does it make me dearer to
have a background of admiration?"
"I would love you better, tf there is a
•better,' " he answered. "You know I am
a jealous brute. There'd be a fierce joy
In racing- a world that had turned against
you."
"What Is there that would make you
love me less?" X asked, dwelling upon the
subject with a kind cf fearful fascination,
such as I have found in hanging over the
brink of a sheer precipice.
"Nothing on God's earth— while you
were true to me."
"And If I deceived you?"
"Then— I think I would kill you— and kill
»yse!f. But why speak of such things?
I know— strange as It seems that you can
—how you do love me, or you would not
have given to much to save me from
rum."
The fear bade m* cUnc closer to Max-
Ira*, dreadini: thai this might be our last
embrace, that for the last tlm* th* love-
Ught might be «>»*»inj- la his dark eyes
tor m*»
He thought It was but my excitement
In playing for the first time a heavy and
trying part. X could see In bis eyes, hear
In his voice, that never had he worshiped
me as on this night Since he had brought
himself to accept the loan I had insisted
upon rnf Mrg, to help him out of the dif
ficulty in which he had been Involved
by the loss ef the necklao*. be had re
garded me as th* angel of his salvation.
Now I had news Cor him t* fill his heart
with Joy. He woold love me more than
before, if possible, and X would take his
love as my right, and hid* th* secret of
ray treachery as long as I could. But how
long would It be? How could I tell that
at this moment th* theft of the treaty
bad not been discovered, aad that the
avalanche was not about to overwhelm
us both?
• What can be worse for a woman than
the secret knowledge that to hold her
lover's respect always she must keep one
black spot covered? Such a woman needs
no future puniFhment. She has all — all
thf deserves while on this earth. I real
ized it at that moment and the realiza
tion choked me. X could not speak to
Maxime. I could only shudder and sob
In his arms.
put me away in horror If he knew me
lor the Judas that -I was.'
For years I had been a political spy—
ye«. But I owed a grudge to Franc* and
Russia, which I had promised my father
to pay. And besides, it is different to de
«he a country from what it Is to de
ceive the man you adore. We women are
true to Individuals. For them we would
all sacrifice a cause; and never had I suf
fered Buch acute torture as I did at that
moment in the shameful thought that
Maxime de RJbaumont— honorable, noble
cherished In me a traitor; that even If
*uin did not overwhelm us, nothing— noth
ing on earth could wash the stain from
the heart he believed to be pure.
He bowed acquiescence and moved back,
that the groom might receive his instruc
tions; and five minutes later he was sit
ting in the brougham beside me, with
Agnes seated opposite.
"Now," I began, : abruptly, in Russian,
cutting short bis fulsome praises of my
acting, "what have you to say. to me?"
I was determined to stand cautiously on
the defensive, letting each decisive move
be made by the adversary. "My maid
speaks only French." -.-_ ' .
"Why are -you bo cruelly, harsh?" he
exclaimed. "How have* I ever offended
"I will stop for you at the corner of the
Rue Boulanger: it would not do, as you
must know, for me to take you In here,"
I whispered, hurriedly. • .. ¦¦',
I was veiled, and I did not turn my eyes
to the right or left as I walked from the
stage door to the brougham, which, as I
had expected, was in its place. It was
not for me to look about for Ipanoff: It
was for him to be awaiting me, and so it
fell out As my groom opened the door
for me. the Russian stepped forward with
a "Good evening, mademoiselle," softly
pronounced in his hated voice.
My brougham would be waiting for me.
I knew, and my plan, was to speak to
Ipanoff. and then take him up a little
later, allowing him to drive with me and
Agnes, who always accompanied < ma
home. We would talk, together In Rus
sian, of which Agnes did not understand
a word; but her presence would be. a pro
tection, and, In case Ipanoff dared to ex
ceed the limits of my forbearance, I had
but to press an electric button close to
my hand for the carriage to be stopped
and the English groom (a stout fellow
and devoted to me) to appear at the win
dow.
"That is more easily promised than
some other things," said Maxime, smil
ing. "And I thank you a thousand times
in advance. Shall I tell you *hat I hope I
Ehall find?— the miniature of yourself In
a frame, and with a chain to hand round
my neck over my heart, such as you have
eaid you would give me some day. It
feels like that in my hand." As he spoke
he thrust the little bag with Its precious
contents into an Inside pocket of his coat.
Then there was nothing more for him to
say except the good-night which I was
waiting for— hating, yet longing to hear.
When he was gone I made Agnes hurry
me out of the gold and white brocade of
Helolse. and into my own inconspicu
ous black dress and cloak which 1 had
worn to call az>on Noel Brent at the
Elysee Palace Hotel. Already it was half
past 11, and I had to see Count Ipanoff
and reach my own house by midnight. In
time to receive Noel. I was thankful that
Maxime's unselfish and trusting love for
me had rendered him for once .bo easy to
manage, and I could only hope that no
prying person might witness my meeting
with the Russian to make mischief \a the
future. ''.-9. t . -w ~'>
I went quickly, as I finished speaking,
from the . boudoir to • the dressing-room,
where Agnes was putting away my things
for the night She never leaves the room
when I am out of it. lor she is a dragon
in guarding my jewels, which are pretty If
not very valuable. To-night the famous
necklace was in the box with such of my
own things as I had not sold or pawned
for Maxime. I had left the queer red
leather case with Noel Brent, and brought
the diamonds away with me in my
pocket; but as soon as I reached the thea
ter, unseen by Agnes, I had slipped the
necklace into a little embroidered eilk bag
in which I sometimes carried a purse and
handkerchief. This I had thrust into. the
jewel-box, eo that unconsciously my maid
was guarding 600,000 francs' worth of dia
monds, not counting my few trifles.
Earlier In the evening I meant before
leaving the theater to give the necklace
to Maxime and enjoy his surprise and re
lief at the sight of it. But now I had
changed my mind. It was necessary to
get rid ef Maxime (hateful as those words
sound in connection with one so dearly
loved) aa soon as possible, lest he and
Count Ipanoff should meet and Maxime
entirely misunderstand the nature of my
appointments with the latter. "Besides, I
was unprepared with an answer for the
questions Maxime was certain to ask me
In connection with the mysterious recov
ery of the diamonds. After having talked
with Noel Brent everything might be dif
ferent, and at all events I should know
better what to say.
With this resolve. I took the embroi
dered bag from my jewel-box and gave It
with Its ribbons tightly knotted, to Max
ime. "This holds something which you
will think precious," I announced, "par
ticularly as I have been at some trouble
to get it for you. So, for my sake, don't
open the bag to see what Is Inside until
you are at home In your bedroom with
the door locked."
"Only that I think I love you more
than I ever did before, and— I suppoie It's
the fault of that last scene— I have a
wretched, inexplicable sense of impend
ing lots."
The words had a specially sharp edge
for me— one that he did not dream of
giving. But I dared not let him see how
they pierced me. "It will be all the
eweeter to meet to-morrow." I assured
him. "Promise me that you will ge
straight home and dream of me as I shall
of you. Then to-morrow before you begin
the day's work stop and see me. I shall
be up and ready to receive you, no mat
ter how early It may be. But now, to
reward you for being good, I have some
thing for you— something that you will
like very much."
"Don't think that X do not want yon to
be with me," I said.' "I d* want you—
oh, more than you can guess! But I am
so tired— I am almost 11L When I asked
you to have supper with me I did not
realize how utterly worn out I was."
"My dearest!" he exclaimed. "Then X
will not be selfish. You will go home and
straight to bed. But you will let mo
drive with you to the door?"
"Even to that I must say no," X In
sisted, miserably, straining every nerve
to be plausible, to convince him of my
wisdom, and not to pain him too much.
"You see," I went on. "I did not mean,
evea whea I first asked you to suppe*
to let you drive home with me from th*
theater. We are engaged to be married*
and If people knew that they would be
disarmed, for aa actress may do, many
things which a woman ef society could
not do without scandal But they do not
know and must not know quite yet,
therefore I must be prudent I must not
appear to grant you favors which I will
-not grant to others; and I have never re
ceived any other man alone after the the
ater. You should be glad that this Is
true."
"Of course I am glad and proud," said
Maxime. "But It's horribly hard to see
no more of you— to-night of all nights."
"Why to-night of all nights?" I was
suspicious in my guilty cowardice again.
man X pretended to be had died on the
stage, and been resurrected Into the wo
man I must be In real life, all the press-
Ing problems had to be solved at once.
First there was Maxime to be put off
and pacified— Maxime, whose help and
loving protection I needed so much, yet
must deny myself, and hurt him Instead.
He wa* waiting for me again at th*
door of my boudoir, and I had at least
one thing to be thankful for— I had denied
myself to everybody else, refusing all In
vitations for the evening after th* thea
ter. He took my hands and kissed them
passionately; but his face was pal* and
aad. and my coward conscience gave m*
a quick stab of fear.
"What Is the matter?" I asked, whll*
Inside my head there was a shrieking
question! "What If the news had come
to him? What If already something has
happened— the beginning of the end?"
X could have cried with the snapping of
the tension when he answered: "It was
only that terrible scene— your death, as
Helolse, my dear one. It was so horribly
real. It was all X could. do to sit still In
the box and bear It I wanted to spring
on the stage and save you from that ruf
fian. I think I can never come to se*
you In this part again. You don't know
what it Is to touch you once more—'warm
and alive— your own beautiful self. You
will let me go home with you. and stay
for a little while, won't you, my queen?"
How it broke my heart to sand him
from met
yo*t save by loving you too well? Even
now, though you have treated me as no
man with self-respect should allow.him
self to be treated by a woman, I adore
you still, and have risked humiliation in
coming to you once more, solely because
I wish to be your friend, since you will
not have me as your lover."*
"I thank you as much as you deserve,"
I said, without attempting to conceal my
bitterness. "And I should b* still mor*
grateful for enlightenment Pray .do not
beat about the bush, but toll me straight
out your purpose In seeking this Inter
view." „
, "I hav* sought It becaas* I love you
and because I desire to warn you. Every,
thing- is known."
"I am at a loss to understand you," I
replied, though I might hav* added that
I knew well what he wished me to : un
derstand. "You spoak In riddles.**
because the attempt you mad* to work
me has been thwarted and you hop* yet
to snatch - success from th* Jaws of ¦ fail
ure by trading upon the fears of a' weak
woman. Now I have learned ¦ from you
what I wished to /learn; and I am re
warded . for. the sacrifice X . made \ In con
senting to see you.". " ; :, ; "'{
Bo suddenly and with such passion did
Z us* the lash of my tongue that for a
moment he was stricken Into sllsnoe. Th*
•lectAo lamp which lit the t orougnam
shewed me hW face, and ft had the same
look I have seen In the green eyes of a
caged: wolf.'- - ,-•: ./.,¦" -;¦ .- . ;
I had caged his lust for revenge, and
for a - few seconds J Z j was happy In my
triumph, for I was certain now that,
whatever had been the fate ef the mys
teriously lost treaty. It had not yet com*
Into his: hands. He had tried the game
ef bluff, and I had found him out and
"No. Yet my point was proved doubly
so, indeed: for at. th* corner of th* Rue
Boulanger I happened to notice that th*
Comte was near, and observing that your
brougham. had stopped to take me in."
•"You coward!". I breathed. .. %'
"On the contrary— a brave man. X be
lieve that the Comte de J Ribaumont is a
very fine shot, and also a swordsman of
the first rank.. But now, dear mademoi
selle, I will not give you the pain of dis
missing me. I have loyally accomplished
my. object for I have warned j you of : the
danger which J more ! than . threatens you,
and It Is not my fault If you will not be
lieve my word. Again, let me Impress
upon you that you are in dire danger; but
you have still at least a friend who would
go through fire and water to sav* you.
And now. adieu."
. This time it was he who had reduced
me to speechlessness. In silence I touched
th* electric boU. The brougham stopped
Henri is a well-trained, old servant, and
his face was. expressionless; yet I knew,
as his "eye moved about the drawing room,
that he was surprised to find me alone.
"If the person knocking is the Comte
de Ribaumont you may admit him." I
said. "And— Henri— nobody else has been
here to-night since I returned from the
theater." , *',v>'
1 "Very . well, mademoiselle: I quite un
derstand," said the old man. with an im
movable countenance.
He went without another word into my
boudoir, which adjoins the drawing room.
The key was in the door. I turned it in
the lock, snatched It out, and t slipped it
into my pocket Hardly had I done so
when Henri appeared at the only' other
door— the one leading into the entrance
hall.
. "Mademoiselle." he quietly announced,
'.'somebody knocks. Is it that you left the
gate unlocked? -And am I to admit any
one?". f.r-.'l';- '^-V-'i : ¦
"Don't stand there arguing and advis
ing!" I cut in. In a fierce whisper. "He's
knocking again for the third time. Go
go—go!" .
"I daren't. I'd forbidden him to come
here. I told him I was ill. and must go
straight to bed. He saw me with Count
Ipanoff, and now. if he finds you with
me what wilt he think? Yet the door
must be answered. Listen to that knock
ing! I can't' send him away. Hide your
self!—quickly, quickly— and I'll have
Henri let him In. Oh why do you delay?
Go into the next room. You can get out
through the window and leave the house
while Maxime and I are talking;."
"I'll do what you wish," said Noel. "But
I beg of you take my advice, and don't
attempt to deceive him. Better let
m» — " • ,
"Let him in, and tell him that I came
to see you on important business from a
friend in England, which could not await
till to-morrow."
As I spoke there came a knock at the
front door. Maxime's knock, I was cer
tain. I grew giddy, and my presence of
mind deserted me* " If only Noel had
come when he promised by this time he
would have been gone: but now I knew
not what to do for the best. I had suf
fered to much that my power of prompt
decision seemed dead.
"It is Maxime, I know," X whispered.
"What is to be done?"
We were standing In the drawing-room,
and the silk curtains were drawn across
the big bow window, yet mechanically
my eyes turned to it, and my heart was
beating fast "What if it should be Max
ime?" I exclaimed.
"Hush!" I broke in. catching him by
the arm. "I heard a step outside on the
gravel. I forgot to lock the gate. Did
you do it?"
"No," he answered In a low voice.
"I was very sorry to be late." said NoeL
"I— met some friends at the hotel Just
as I, was leaving, and was obliged to say
a few words to them. Then, when I had
got into a cab the wretched hone fell
down, and I had to walk after all, as
there wasn't another In sight, and "
"If I had known he would be so late,"
I said, rather reproachfully, "I might
have allowed him to come home with me
for a few moments, but as It was I
dared not; for Maxlme's one fault is
Jealousy."
"Even if Dubols . Is IpanofTs friend.**
said Noel, "it Isn't likely that the Rus
sian would be fool enough to confide his
designs against you to any one, no mat
ter how great the intimacy.' ' The chances
are that Dubois. will know no more of this
affair than a stranger— beyond what I
have told him; and if he's a man of honor
he's bound to do the best he can for me
as his employer. Hav* you seen - the
Comte de Ribaumont?"
"Yes; and h* had heard nothing;. But
that fiend Ipanoff has mad* mischief be
tween US." •£!
And I told Noel Brent all that had
passed between me and the Russian. I
told him, too. how. I had given the dia
monds so mysteriously recovered to Max
ime, with the understanding that he was
not to open the bag which contained them
until he reached home.
"Jove!" ejaculated NoeL "What . an
unfortunate coincidence! Yet how could
Z have dreamt of it?"
"You could not** I admitted. "Nothlnf
Is your fault All that has happened
would have happened just the . same if
Ijord Reckworth had chosen another mes
sengrer. . It is. fate, and It is my,punish
ment"
"Why?" demanded Noel, looking aston-
Ished and uncomfortable. "What in
there against him?"
"There Is this against him! He is a
personal friend of my worst enemy. Ivaa
Ipanoff— the man of whom I spoke to you
this evening. X have heard so from Ipan
off himself."
For a few moments my sharpened ears.
could detect no sound in the quiet street
that lay sleeping- outside the high wall of
my garden. . Then at last the gate bell
rang.
I had sent Agnes to bed and only on*
servant an elderly man la whoso dlscro
tlon and affection X had implicit trust
was sitting up. He had been told that I
expected a visitor, and with scarcely any
delay he would have been at th* gat*.
But I could not wait and. running down
th* path, I myself unlocked It
"Thank heaven I" I exclaimed aloud, as
the light from the distant door of the
house, which X had left wide open, fell
full upon the face of Noel Brent In my
relief at seeing him. after the vague hor
rors I had feared, I forgot to lock th*
gate, which is always kept bolted at
night and naturally Noel did not think
of It Old Henri, seeing that X had lot
In my midnight visitor, dlsorootly kopt la
the background, and supposing— as X
learned afterward— that X had of course
shot th* bolt, did not go down to the
g-at*. He returned to th* servants' room.
there to nod over a story-book and wait
until X should ring for him to escort th*
guest out.
"Well— wonr* I qoosttoaod, with my
hand on Noel's arm as wo wsikod toward
th* house. "For pity's sake, what a*ws
ef th* treaty?"
"No actual news," he answ*r*d. "X
went off on th* wrong sosai aad wasted
a lot of tlm*, and then did what Z wish
Z had den* at first— oocuraltod a yrrrat*
d*t*etlvo-*Jk of oourso, tt wouldn't 4s> to
go. to the potto*."
"Too told your story— ox? story— to a
detective T" Z gasped.
"No; certainly not Z merely described
my three traveling companions and asks4
him to find them at one*, but moro par*
tlcularly th* little ohap, who \» almost
surely th* guilty one. X simply stated
that something of value had 1mb stolen
from me, and Z gar* th* samo name
which Z was Instructed to flv* at th*
hotel— James Ouest of Birmingham, The
detective held out hopes of gtttlng hold
of the men shortly, and I may even hear
from him to-night I shan't go to bod
before three or four, la th* hop* that h*
may call or 'send a mess ago boforo that
Now, don't look so desperat*. my poor
girl. This detective fellow Dubols seemed
to think there'd be very little difficulty
In tracking our man, and then, even if
he's parted with the treaty, we can easily
find out what he's done with it"
"Duboisl" I echoed. "Is your dotoo
tlve's name Paul Dubois, aad doos ho live
In the Ruo du Capuein Brunt"
"Yes. Do you know him? Xs h* a coed
man?" • ,
"I know him, and he Is considered
extraordinarily sharp and quick, so much
so that he has gained the nickname of th*
'Ferret' Nevertheless, I would rather
you had gone to no on* at all. or to any
ether detective In Parts."
had no fear of th* gho«t that wa* poiro
larly supposed to haunt th* plac*. The
necessary . repairs had cost a good deal,
but th* result in the house and : in the
walled garden was most satisfactory, and
never had I more reason to be 'thankful
for my privacy than Iliad to-night. . :
It was almost on the stroke of midnight
when I reached home, and at 13 Noel
Brent had: promised to come. But th*
moments passed and he did not appear.
"Something has happened to him," X told
myself; and at last the suspense grew so
unbearable that I could not resist going
to the door to watch and listen. .
"No. it is not enough." Maxim* an
swered. "There is something, you must
make dear to me first before I go on my
knees to you. as I hope to do In a mo
ment more. If you came home alone, ant
"I tell you I have answered. ; . There is
no one here but you. Is not that enough
for your* I let my voice rise to hysteri
cal sharpness now. and I did not "try to
keep back the tears; for I wanted ti> bring
him to my feet in repenta , «• And I
hoped that I might still be £ng the
truth. I ' had heard no sound torn tha
next room, but It might well b« ;hat Noel
Brent had found his way out and; was
gone. v • .
"I have • anrwered. What do yon want
more? Maxime.. I don't know you to
night, and I am ill. Do you want me to
suffer* I. was good to you. too. . But,
perhaps, you don't know yet Have you
opened the. little silk bag that I gave
you at the theater?"
"No; I prbmlied vou I would not until
I reached home. rSbaven't thought of it
from that minute to this. How could I?
Juliette, answer me. Do not try to put
me off. I have not come here in a -mood
for trifling."
first answer me"
"It is not an insult I have a right to
ask it Presently I will tell you why. But
X sank into a chair and •?-**?
long, whlUrhooded WTap which- 1 had for
gotten to lay aside until. thi* moment. I
tried to tivemyself an air^of lassitade;
¦but. act as I. might.. I could not subdue
the burning. colpr in my w cheeks, or the
fever-light la my eyes, which I knew wai
1 Opposite to the fauteull into f" 0 * 1 *? 1
thrown myself was a long mirror reach
ing from floor to celling . I « 1 "$ 6 1* <^"
at it. fearfuly anxious to see «'«[««•
would bear Maxlme's searching *u*vua
as I studied my own reflection Maxima .
Image appeared behind It. pale and stern
Our eyes met in the glass, and never had
his been so cold to me. ": v"_ -
My only hope with him was to taka th«
Initiative and steal his weapons. ¦ -^
"I know why. you have come. X «ld.
"Ipanoff told me what he bad said to
T< "You admit It. then?- asked XUxmie.
He crossed the room and stood la front o£
me. his arms folded. He was handsomer
than he had ever been, and I adored him.
Something Inside of me seemed to keep
whispering: "Ke W yours to-night. Make
the most of your hour, for to-morrow
comes— the deluge."
"Did you expect me to lie to jroa?" I re
torted, bravely, lookln* him straight to
the eyes. . ,
X faint gleam of hop* lit o» » thMlr
depth*, "Juliette." h* axolaimsd. "roc
heaven's sake, giv* mm back my ttSih la
yeu. It U death to lose It."
-It U an insult torn* IKat y*« shontfd
ipuk of losing It/* I answered him. a«
boldly as if I deserved toe faith I claimed
from him as my right * "Iran Ipanoff
hates me now far more than he ever loved
me, and a nature like his will stoop to the
lowest depths of Infamy for release* H»
has seen that we care for eaea other, and
be would part uttb* could. H«"4 stop
at nothing. There's so Ui tM bss* for
him to tell you of met yet tfll tM* lastaat
I would have sworn that yoo Iot*4 ma
tM wtU to billm ont," ' .
Za sayta* this, perhay* ' Half lassn
•deusly. Z bunt a ho?* taai, tt. the) ssaefc
sh«al* ««m* to-marr»w. Z aliM fsisusis
V"^«" that tt vu a iinsf— us trtcss
•f Ipaaecrs to nda us b«ta at a W*w,
thus earing his lor* f «r me la cptto el all.
Zt wm a mad hop* and * wioks4 *ai|Wt
X was at my wits' ends; and. If tnnoniit
of this one crime. IpaaoS was guilty ef
many another which had not yet ba*a
brought horn* to him.
"Bow eonld I hely k*a*Ttmr nxjr *wa
•year' Maxim* demanded. -The CaC^r
dared to offer a wafer, toot, of . oearse>
I would not llston. Whan ho said: thai
he was to sr» with you at yoor house
hero I told him ho lied, and X resolved
that Z would not even watch you ¦ leave
the theater, as he suggested. Even to da
that would bo weakness and lack of fslth.
X assured myself. And yet. whoa the tlmo
came. X could not resist X would hav«
staked my life that. If ho tried to spoak
with you as you were going to your car
riage, you would not permit him a word;
and it was because I persuaded myself
at last you might need protection from
him that I finally waited to see you com*
out I could hardly credit the evidence
of my own eyes whea I saw you whisper
ing with him. apparently making an ap
pointment and by that time I was half
mad. I followed your carriage. X saw it
stop.* I saw you take Ipanoff In beside
you— Ipanoff, after putting me off with a
plea of Illness, despite my love and long
ing. I saw you drive, not toward the
Rue d'AnJou. but away from It I know
not what terrible thoughts did battlo la
my brain. X hailed a cab.' and told the
man I would pay him well to keep your
brougham in sight But. after all. I lost
It and followed another by mistake, only
learning that I was wrong when it
stopped and a strange man and woman
got out. Then I came here. Now I have
confessed all my doubts. Tell me. with
your dear voice and true eyes, that they
have wronged you. and make me believe
In your love and loyalty to me a*-aln If
you can."
X tried to laugh, but the effort was not
a success. "You have little faith In your
self as .well as In me." I said, "it you
can fancy that. I. would be, f also to you
for a man like. Ivaa Ipanoff."
"Who can tell what a woman loves In a
man? Explain yourself to me, Juliette.
Don't palter." . • ¦ : ,
: "Ipanoff pretended that he knew a ter
rible secret concerning you," I said as
steadily : as I could. "X feared that la
some strange way he had heard about—
the necklace. He vowed that be would
tell me' all. and help me to save you from
ruin if I would let him drive with me to
night for half an Lour in' my brougham.
He said this In a letter which was handed
Ho me by the stag* doorkeeper Just after
I parted with you. If It had not boea
for the necklace I would hav» refused ;
but I felt that I must find out If ho really
knew anything. It was all for you. Max
—all for you. Now do you believe me?"
"I— think that I believe you." he said,
slowly. "And yet— and yet—'*
"Is there an 'and yet?* Don't you so*
the plot 7 Th* man was playing us oft.
one against the other. He boastod to ypu,
and, In order to keep bis boast he trlckod
me; for in reality ho knew nothing. I
soon discovered that and sent him adrift
When I had got rid of him. I drove ham*
alone." '. .
"You drovo home alone T* "fiHxVn-
Ime, with aa expression trowing fa his
great dark eyes that frightened mo. In*
stinctlvely I felt that he suspected some
thing, and would catch me tripping— that,
inadvertently, I had given him. a new
hook on which to hang- his jealous sus
picion. My heart began to knock slckan
ingly against my side. Bo far there had
been enough of truth In my story to keep
my conscience comparatively clear aad
to enable my manner to bo convincing. X
could not see how I had tripped any
where, . yet that awful look In th* eyes X
loved made of me a coward, and turned
my blood to water. Oh, to sob out all' th*
truth on his breast and beg forgiveness,
whatever happened, becauso It had bo*a
for his sake! Yet I knew that the depth
of his great lovs were not dear enough
to hold pardon for such a sin as that To
keep him I must keep my. seer at tf either
could be kept. --..,'
"I drove home alone." . I repeated.
thankful that it was the truth.
"Neither Ipanoff nor any other man
was with you?" : v j *.
"No man at all," I answered, emphati
cally. My training as an actress stood
me in good stead now; yet how soon it
would cease to bear me up I knew not
The nerves of my face were quivering. X
prayed that Maxime did not see.
"You mean to. tell me that no man baa
been with you to-night?"
A purplish haze rose before my strained
eyes and floated like a veil of gauz* be
tween me and him.
"You are here," I said, railing stiffly.
"Ah! Is that your answer, Juliette?
Am I the only one?" ¦' . .
"Why do. you ask me a question that—
that in Itself spoken as you speak. Is aa
Insult?"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"Must I put It more plainly? Then— the
loss of the document Is known." . .
"What document?" 1, inquired, bent on
forcing his. hand.
"If you must have it, the one that you
took from the Foreign Office on the day
when the Comte de Ribaumont gave you
tea there." .
' "And what document was that?" I per
sisted coldly. &*&&£z*&
'One of a nature too important to name
within hearing of other ears lhan yours."
"You refer to Agnes. But as I have told
you, French Is her. only language.. -What
document do you. accuse me I of stealing
from the. Foreign Office on the day you
name?" ¦ \ ., • . ¦ .;. • ¦•¦.- \- ¦: ,, ¦
1 "I accuse you of nothing. That Is your
own word. If I accused any one. It would
probably be the Comte do Ribaumont . X
am not his friend, . but his rival."
"And you are my friend? Ah, yes; I
remember. You have assured me of that.
Well, 'then; why do you not accuse him
if It be In your power?".
' "Because; I know that; he is dear to
you,* and I .would spare "you pain.'? v' -.
."You are indeed considerate. Yet I beg
to differ ¦ from , you y as ; to \ the < reason.
You do not ' accuse the Comte ; de ,", Rib
aumont of j a - crime against his •' country
because ¦ you have no evidence that one
has been committed, and the proving of
his innocence would mean your" destrtic-'
tlon.* t Instead, you come to me." privately.
THE HOUR AFTER MIDNIGHT.
, "How you misjudge me I"' Ipanoff de
voutly exclaimed. ; "Had I wished to In
jure instead of serving you I might have
dropped a hint about you , and , the docu
ment to the Comte de Ribaumont .when
we met a few moments ago at the door of
the theater. ='¦ I did ¦ not do that, however.
I merely mentioned to him the- great
pleasure I had In store.";- •; v-
At last his weapon ' had found a vital
part. '"You dared . to -tell " him that you
were to meet me!" 1 1 ejaculated, v ,
."Why not? >:. It was , the truth. % And I
have always ..understood it to be a boast
of Mademoiselle de Nevers that she never
commits an 'act which she Is ashamed: to
acknowledge before the world." . . ¦
"He would; not believe you 1", I cried, as
much to convince myself as to defy Ipan
off.^ •.¦:¦,¦':..¦ v; :.v-. -¦¦.••¦¦ (¦;=¦; ¦.:;¦.¦:.:-,:¦: -.
"I ; admit he did not take my/ word at
first, . but, naturally annoyed at being
doubted, I invited Monsieur de Ribaumont
to observe your departure. If we did ; not
speak confidentially together at your car
riage Tdpor! : he might, call'; me a liar,"' I
6aid, t'ihd I .would not.resent.lt." -¦-¦
' "But we did not drive away together,"
I : persisted. * ¦ ' >-
CHAPTER VIII.
beaten him at it. But the 'bright bubble
of my' elation was .soon to,- be pricked.
It burst with my enemy's next words.
and Count Ipanoff, with a low bow, a few
murmured words in French meant for the
ears of the servants and- an extended
hand, which naturally I Ignored, got out
and disappeared Into the night >i
I By my orders, given through the groom,
the coachman had driven in an opposite
direction from the Rue d'Anjou. Now,
having dropped Count Ipanoff, he had to
drive back, and I - half dreaded, half
longed; to find Maxime, waiting to re
proach . me near the \ gate of \ my
walled garden. But he was not there. No
one was in sight except a girl, who stared
at me from the window of a hired coupe
being driven • slowly through the street.
She had an ugly, malicious face, which I
saw. plainly for a second or two In the
light of a street lamp, but" as I had no
recollection of ever\ having j seen her be
fore. I attached no Importance to her
presence,. though, the hour was late.*
¦I dislike being -stared at on stairs or In
a lift, and I had not been satisfied, after
settling In Paris, until I discovered a
small house In its own grounds, which I
could have entirely to myself. I had ad
vertised and anally obtained exactly what
I wanted. . ,- ¦¦¦'¦¦'¦ ' . % ¦' . ¦¦¦':•¦" .
To.be sure, the Rue d'AnJou left tome
thing '.to" be desired. It was': a I gloomy
street, and nay house had been long unoc
cupied, owlngf to: its evil notoriety as the
scene '¦. of a' murder. | But the murder had
happened nearly > twenty years ago and 1 1
Fortunately for me. perhaps, my part
srave me no more time even to think.
Sometimes It even enabled me to forget
for a few moments, but, when the wo-
This was the last straw; yet. even as
he boasted, for my own protection I must
Bee him. What he had to tell me. that I
must hear and order my future conduct
accordingly. But how to meet him at the
Ftage door after refusing— as I must re
fuse—to let Maxime go home with me, my
racked brain was too weary to decide. "I
must trust to luck— I roust trust to luck,"
I muttered desperately, as I gave myself
Into the hands of my maid Agnes to be
d rested for the third act.
I dreaded, when the sparks had cleared
from before my «>yes, to read an ultima
tum. It would be a coup for Ipanoff to
bid rn« choose between marriage with
him or annihilation for Maxime de Ribau
mont and myself; and It would be like
him; for when I had refused him the third
tlnta, n»f di*»uJr.lng my hatred, he had
•worn on what he called hia honor to
bring me to him repenting on my knees
But I might have known that the man
would not lay down his trumps on the
table for me to note so early in the game.
The letter told me nothing except that he
desired to see me without delay. For my
own sake, he advised me to grant him an
Interview; and In the confident expecta
tion that I would accede to his request,
he would be at the etage door waiting for
me when I came out
2THE SUNDAY: CALL.
3
no man has been with you since, why did
I see you at the gate, opening It your
6clf, and admitting a man?"
I wonder that I kept myself from faint
ing. He had seen that, and waited all
this time to spring the mine upon me?
There was nothing else to do. I Instant
ly determined to deny it. and at every
hazard stand by my own falsehood.
"You could not have seen that,
Maxlme." I eaid. very slowly and quiet
ly, though my lips would scarcely form
the words, "because it did not happen.
Tell me exactly what you think you did
eee. and then we shall, perhaps, be able
to fathom the seeming mystery together.
Meanwhile, I ask you to give me at least
the benefit of the doubt You arrived at
this house. You stood near the pate, in
the street Is It not so? Well, what
then?"
"It Is so." Maxlme confessed. "I had
to come. I could not keep away. I was
on th« othfr side of the street, for I did
not let my cab set me down before your
house. I got out and walked a short dis
tance, on the darker side. Just as I came
to a standstill, or a minute later, a man
came along, walking very fast I could
not see his face, or even recognize his fig
ure, but he was tall and well built. It
might have been Ipanoff, though ho
seemed to me slenderer. He rang the bell
—not very loudly-and with scarcely any
delay the gate was opened for him—
opened so wide that I distinctly saw a
woman's form 6ilhouetted against the
light which streamed from the entrance
hall of the house, thirty feet away."
"A woman's form!" I caught him up
quickly. "And are there no other women
in this house but its mistress? vDId it not
occur to you that I have a maid, who is
young and pretty, and human enough
for a flirtation?"
The blood rushed up to Maxlme's fore
bead. "I confess that I thought only of
you," he said.
"That is scarcely flattering, since you
thought of me only to doubt me."
"Then it was not you I saw at the gate?
You did not open it and let some one In
a Quarter of an hour ago?"
"If you were so sure It was I why did
you not try to prove your theory, right
or wrong, by following the man you
thought you saw me admit?" (It was
sheer bravado to ask this question; but
bravado was my line of defense.)
"I was on the opposite side of the
street and the gate was quickly shut
Btill I would have crossed and tried the
lock If there had been no one near. There
was, howe\'er. a coupe in the street,
which etopped in front of your gate.
There were two women In it, and they
appeared to be excitedly arguing some
question. While they were there I would
not attempt to enter, lest they were spies,
and you should be compromised. I wait
ed in the shadow until the coupe drove
out of the street then I tried the gate,
found It unlocked, and came in."
"To accuse me of sins against you which
I never dreamt of committing! Yet, if
you still believe me guilty, I know not
how to prove to you that I am Innocent
Blessed were they who believed with-
to resign myself to the knowledge that,
for Juliette's sake, I must be helpless.
And yet it was for her sake that I was
Impatient to be off.
My nerves prickled, an<L though it was
a cool night I grew as hot in this close,
airless room as if I had been in a Turk
ish bath. The sweat started out on my
face, and Irritably I searched for my
handkerchief, which I was accustomed to
wear tucked into my sleeve. It was not
there, and I felt In my coat pockets, find
ing It in a moment in one where I must
have thrust it in a fit of absentminded
ness. As I pulled it out something crisp
was crushed into the cambric folds by my
fingers; a small thing which to the. touch
was not unlike a creased bank note.
On this strange night of a strange day,
rothing in the least unexpected was to be
regarded as Insignificant. With a quick
thought of this, I did not let the crisp
thing fall to the floor, but with my left
hand separated it from the folds of my
handkerchief, and having secured it, ex
amined into its nature as well as I could
with the unaided sense of touch. As my
fingers still tested the rough edge of the
paper, I became aware that the excited
murmur of voices had ceased in the next
room. I even fancied that I had heard
the opening of a door.
For a moment I waited, and as the si
lence remained unbroken, I told myself
that Maxlme de Ribaumont 'had gone and
my chance had come at last Then fol
lowed a few seconds of Indecision, while
I debated the wisdom of lingering. In the
hope of a further explanation with Juli
ette; by the time one could have counted
twelve, however, I had made up my mind
to run no more risks of delay, but to get
out of the house while I could.
I pushed up the squeaking window sash
and dropped on to the grass, which, owing
to an Incline, was 6ix or eight feet be
low. Then I skirted round to the front
of the house, moving cautiously lest De
Ribaumont should not yet be out of the
grounds; and it was fortunate that I did
so, for as I came in sight of the front
door I saw It standing open and two fig
ures walking slowly along the path to
the gate, bending down as If searching for
something.
The two walked to the gate, opened It
passed out, and presently returned again.
I now had cause to be thankful that I
had not waited in the boudoir for Juliette
to come along and let me out for she and
her lover entered the house and closed the
door. As they moved up the steps which
led to it, I was not ten feet distant from
them In my hiding-place, and heard Ju
liette say aloud: "There Is witchcraft in
it " With that they passed into the house
and De Ribaumont's answer was lost to
me. I could not help wondering what it
was that they had searched for so eager
ly, and whether their quest were in any
strange way connected with the stolen
treaty; but as far as I was concerned
this last mystery must also remain un
solved, since the one course for me was
to put myself on the other side of the
high wall which shut in that garden as
soon as might be. ¦
The gate was still unlocked lit had
probably been left so for De Ribaumont).
therefore I could walk out without leav-
to rejoice that our trouble was over at
last : . S:<:^^t-:l.
Gladly I would her* rone back to the
house in the Rue d'Anjou with toy news;
but as De Ribaumont was probably still
there, I was sure that. ev«n in the elr
cumstances, Juliette would thank me to
keep away. I determined to make all
speed to keep the offered appointment
with "H. J.," not returning to my hotel
until I had the treaty safe in my posses
sion. If the detective were there he must
wait or go, as he pleased. I could not
stop to consider him now, and perhaps
when the treaty was in my hands I
might risk calling Juliette up in the
small hours, for certainly there would
be no sleep for her to-night . .
I walked on through quiet street* for
so far without seeing an empty cab that
I gave up the Idea of looking for one at
all, absorbed in thinking over the affair
of the strang© exchange which had been
made, and little dreaming what an amaz
ing difference In events the simple matter
of not taking a cab was to make.
The thli.s which bothered me most was
the effect likely to be produced upon "H.
J." when he discovered that I could not
hand him over the diamonds for the
treaty. Of course, I did not believe for
an instant his story about being a Jew
eler's messenger, though possiMy I might
have credited it had I not been acquaint
ed by Juliette with the history of the
diamonds and the loss. I had very little
doubt that the rat of a man who had be
trayed such panic terror in a railway
carriage was the expert thief who had
relieved Do Ribaumont of the Duches.se" s
necklace on the way to Amsterdam. Fol
lowing out the theory I thought It possi
ble that the fellow bad had confederates,
whom he contrived to dodge by traveling
to London with a view of cheating them of
their promised share In the spoil. Tri
umphant in the thought that he had put
them off the scent, yet too prudent to take
chances, he had reserved a first-class car
riage for himself as far as Dover; but,
after all, he had been followed by his ex
pals, who had provided themselves with a
railway key in case of the very emer
gency which had happened;, and If I had
not chanced to be late and forced my way
Into the same compartment "H. J.,
Juiller's Messenger," might have been
found murdered when the train reached
Dover.
All this was only deduction, of course,
as "H. J." did not explain the. nature of
the peril he so much meared. and so far
as I had seen, our two traveling com
panions had not even attempted to accost
him. Still, the theory accounted for
everything which had seemed mysterious
and made it plausible that a man should
risk the honesty of a stranger rather than
fall a victim to the revengeful greed of
those he knew too welL
I had resolved to put forth all my pow
ers of diplomacy— my line of action to Be
more or less decided by "H. J.'s" method
of beginning— when I arrived in the Rue
de la Tour, an ugly street of which one
of the least attractive houses was No.
117.
Not a light was to be seen, but a ring
at the bell had the effect of causing -a
liquid which lay. thick and greasy on the
surface of uncarpeted boards.
There seemed to be a good deal of It,
for as I felt my way along I still found
' the floor wet and slippery, and In the
: midst of the pool I stumbled against
something .heavy and soft. As. I struck
this object with my foot a queer thrill
went creeping through my veins, as If the
physical part of me had the first warn
ing of what was to come.
I stopped, and laid my hand on the
thing which had checked my progress
across the dark room. It was the body
of a man. and my searching fingers bad
descended upon his -. upturned face,
which, though not yet Icy cold to tfie
touch, was clammily chill: and wet with
the sticky fluid which smeared my fin
gers. . . ' . x . .
I had a sudden queer sensation as if
my heart had been squeezed hard and
then freed again, so that it gave a great
bound. I knew what the blackness hid
now, as well as If I had the eyes of a
cat to see In the dark. This thing that
I had touched was the body of a dead
man, and the blood his murderers had
made to flow, was on my fingers. Lit
erally I had walked to the discovery*
through blood; and though I have fought
as a volunteer and been acclimated to
horrors, the thought of what lay. before
me unseen turned me sick.; .
I km ashamed to say that my first Im
pulse was to get away as quickly as I
could, since I was not directly* concerned
in this . bad business, and spare myself
unnecessary dlsagreeableness. But the
prompting voice was bidding to be still
as soon as heard.
I . had got to concern myself In the
business, and duty , called upon me to
face a task almost 'as grim as could be
allotted to a man.
I could hear myself breathing hard as
I stood there rigidly upright in the dark
ness.
But instead of hurrying off to give the
alarm or disappear, leaving the secret of
the dark room to corns out in Its own time
and way, I must stay at my post until
I had discovered what was lost or given
up all hope of it
Setting my teeth to the task I avoided
the grim obstacle on the floor and got to
the mantelpiece. J There was a litter - mt
things on' it, pipes and bottles and other
miscellaneous debris, out of which I se
lected at last a small jar containing
matches. I struck one, and before turn
ing round, lighted an end of candle stuck
in its own grease on the mantelshelf.
Then I found the thing that had to be
faced.
It was what I thought, and it lay in the
midst of the ¦ wildest confusion. I had
only missed catching sight of it and the
disorder of the, room in. the first flashing
glimpse afforded by, my own wax vesta
because of ' the large table covered with
a cloth which stood in the foreground
near the door | and . had formed a screen
for what lay between it and the stove on
the opposite Bide of the room.
There had . evidently been & struggle,
for chairs were' upset and the wretched
victim had apparently tried to escape by
running round the table, as the doth was
disarranged and a lamp was turned over
coat sleeve wen over It, consoling myself
with the. thought that after to-night I
need never see these clothes again.
Everywhere I looked among the scatter
ed papers on the floor, and at last I
could hardly restrain a cry of excitement
when I came upon my letter-case lying
half under a crumpled rug. When I had
snatched It up, however. It was only to
see it spread open and empty; but, fling
ing back the rug, my eyes lighted upon
a folded piece of parchment One glance
showed me its nature, and with a sigh
of lntensest relief I was about to thrust
It into the very pocket whence it had
been filched, when a groping noise outside
the door seemed to strike violently at
my consciousness like a box on the ear.
What was to come I knew not, but my
one thought at the instant was for the
treaty, so dearly reclaimed. I was kneel
ing on the floor, close to the stove, the
candle in one hand, the folded parchment
in the other. The aperture in the stove
front for regulating the draught was
open. Within was a gray blur of the dead
ashes. On a quick Impulse I thrust the
treaty through the hole as If I were post-
Ing a letter in a pillar-box, pushing it so
deeply that the cold ashes swallowed it
up. leaving no visible trace of its pres
ence. Then I turned my back to the
stove, thus facing the door as it opened. .
Told by Margaret Revelstoke, the Home
Secretary's Daughter. >r~ v
CHAPTER X.
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER.
I am not a bit nervous, as a rule, and
I should be ashamed to confess it if I had
ever been silly enough to Indulge in hys
terics; but I hadn't felt like myself since
that day, and, when Noel Brent went out
of the room at the Elysee Palace Hotel,
leaving us to sit down to our late supper,
the strangest feeling I ever had came
over me. It was Just as If he were going
out to meet some awful danger and some
thing was forcing me to call him back.
My blood seemed all going up to' my
head and drumming In my ears, then It
flowed back on my heart; and Instead of
being warm, healthy blood any more, it
turned to cold, heavy lead; and I felt sick
and faint and was seized with the most
unaccountable desire to burst out crying.
"Why, Margot, what is the matter7"
exclaimed my cousin, Marlon Bltgreaves.
And I did think It would have been more
tactful of her not to call every one's at
tention to me, if I looked odd. But I sup
pose she didn't stop to think.
I had to struggle to control myself, just
as I've struggled sometimes with a
vicious or frightened horse when riding,
and I managed to speak In quite a decent,
natural sounding voice, though my lips
were quivering.
"Why, am I paler* I asked. And I
laughed a little.
"You're awfully white," Captain Men
zies answered for her, looking at me as
if he were immensely concerned. It made
me so nervous I should have liked to say
something cross to him, but I didn't
"Poor child," said my dear, kind aunt.
Lady Gawain; "I'm afraid the rough
"Golng out?" I echoed In surprise
"Why, Marlon, you can't. ; Do you realize
it's after midnight?"
"I can't help that," said she. "I'd go
If it were the 'dark hour before dawn.' I
tell you I should die if I stayed Indoors.
Ob. don't be afraid that I mean to walk
the streets of Paris. I'm going to have a
closed carriage— a coupe— and drive and
drive till I feel better, if it's till dooms
day. The coupe's ordered already; they
won't say anything about It to our peo
ple. Of course, Lady Gawain would make
a fuss, she's so conventional."
"She isn't." I retorted, defending my
favorite aunt. "But any one would make
a fuss about such a plan. It's perfectly
mad. Don't go. Marlon. What you need
Is a draught to quiet your nerves."
"The air will quiet them better than
anything," she said, "and the bigness and
darkness of the night. I know myself
and what I need. I always was a sort of
changeling. Calm people like you don't
understand my moods."
Calm! If Marlon really thought* me
calm, either I must have better self-con
trol than I'd fancied, or she be less ob
servant.
By this time she was putting en her
hat. stabbing in the sparkling hatpins
viciously.
I had not taken mine off when we went
to supper, but I took up my Jacket,
which was hanging over a chair. "Very
well, you are older than I am, and your
own mistress." I said. "I can't prevent
you from doing what you choose. But if
you are determined to go for a drive se
cretly, in Paris after midnight. I shall go
with you. I'm sure that father would at
least approve of that."
I was afraid that Marion would object,
as she is often very > contrary, but she
didn't, and Judging from the expression
of her face, which was less tense and
drawn for a moment, one might even
have thought this was the thing she had
wished for.
"All Tight, come along." she said. "It
will do you a lot of good, Just as much as
It will me, if you only knew It."
"If Aunt Clem sees , us, of course she
won't let us stir a step." I remarked, at
the door.
"She won't see us," returned Marlon,
"They are all gobbling their supper as If
they hadn't eaten anything for a week."
This was very rude of her. but there
was no good in telling her so. and I said
nothing. . We went quietly down In the
lift, did not meet any of our party, and
we had not a minute to wait at the door
before a very nice coupe drove up, almost
a* private one.
What the hotel people thought of us I
don't know. Marion said that she had
made a perfectly good excuse, but I felt
so annoyed and nervous I wouldn't even
ask her what it had been.
She made me get in first, and gave some
directions to the coachman in rather a
low voice, so that I could not hear. I
didn't know whether she had done this on
purpose or not, but for awhile I wouldn't
give her the satisfaction of being uues
tioned. I sat leaning back against the
cushions, pretending to be perfectly in
different, and I don't think I did care
very much. After awhile, though, it be
pnn tn i!avn praHimllv ltnnn ttia that w.
out seeing, Maxlme."
"I do believe. I must believe!" he cried,
flinging himself on his knees at my feet.
With his lips on my hand my pulse gave
a leap, for in the next room I heard, or
fancied I heard, a sound. Noel Brent was
there still: and If Maxlme' s cars should
tell him what mine had told me I was
lost. I hastened to co\'er the sound by
rushing Into speech, saying the first thing
that sprang into my head. I had not
meant to mention the Duchess' necklace
again to-night, but. to my own surprise,
I heard myself speaking of it as though
the voice belonged to some one else.
"Then, if you believe in me, I will heap
coals of fire on your bead by permitting
you to look at the thing I save you in
the theater— looking at it now, without
waiting."
Still on his knees, Maxime thrust his
hand into the pocket where I bad seen
him place the little silk bag. His quick
obedience rose from a desire to please
me. I knew, rather than curiosity, for
there was no eagerness in his face, and
his eves were on mine, asking forgive-
ing suspicious traces or departure; and
my first idea was to go straight back
to my hotel, where Dubois might be wait
ing. But by the time I was out of the
Rue d'Anjou I had remembered the bit
of paper which I'd dragged from my
pocket with my handkerchief a short
time ago.
Curiosity prompted me to examine it
without delay: and in the next street I
stopped under a lamp and produced It
from my pocket again.
It was a leaf torn from a notebook, the
paper being almost as thin as that which
goes by the name of "Bible paptr." The
light was strong enough to show me that
the scrap was' covered on both sides with
small writing;, so evenly done as to sug
gest the work of a stylographic pen; but
I could not make out the tiny, cramped
words, liji'j
Here was a new stone in the amazing
puzzle-mosaic. Some one had slipped the
paper into my pocket without my knowl
edge! Why not the same somebody who
had put into another the case of dia
monds, and. presumably, removed the
crossing had upset you. though you
weren't 111 at the time. You're beginning
to feel it now. and I half repent making
you come. I know you didn't want to."
"Oh! yes, I did," I conventionally pro
tested, though I'm not sure whether I
was telling the truth or not. Perhaps,
after all. in my heart I had been a lit
tle glad of the excuse to come to Paris,
where Noel was to be with another
woman— a woman he had vowed he
"wouldn't go across the street to see"—
though I shouldn't have confessed that
anything but good nature had brought me
If Marlon had asked. "I wanted to come
with you. of course. Aunt Clem, but I
certainly do feel queer; and If you won't
mind, I think I'd like to go up to my
room. I couldn't eat anything, and— no,
please, I don't want any one to come up
with me. I'd rather be alone; and I know
I shall be all right In the morning."
"Very well, dear, you shan't be bother
ed," said Aunt Clem, who is an old love,
and always understands. But Captain
Menzies would go with me to the .lift,
and I really believe he was stupid enough
were not being driven aimlessly, but as
if with an object; and I remarked It to
Marion. "We seem to be going to some
place in particular, not Just driving about,
and we're driving fast," I said.
"I suddenly thought of a place it would
be Interesting to go to," Marlon replied,
with a kind of sharp dryness. "Oh. you
needn't look frightened; I don't mean to
go In, but only to watch the people mov
ing In and out."
- Her mood was to very queer that I
asked no more questions, and supposed
that she had told the coachman to drive
near some place of amusement which
closed very late; though why she should
be amused by watching the audience I
could not see, especially as she had said
her longing was for fresh air and great
dark spaces.
My knowledge of Paris Is mostly con
fined to the hotels, shops and theaters and
drives In the Bols de Boulogne: and Ma
rion's is exactly the same, as she has
never been to Paris without me, at all
events since she was a little child. I
thought she had made some mistake in
ness. But suddenly a look of blank
amazement dawned In them. "It's gone!"
Told by Noel Brent.
CHAPTER IX.
WHAT I FOUND AT THE HOUSE IN
THE RUE DE LA TOUR.
Never had I been caught in a situation
more repulsive than finding myself locked
Into Juliette de Nevers' boudoir^ iu the
hour after midnight, while In the next
room she assured her lover that no man
was there.
I had never been 1» the same bouse be
fore, end. In trying to discover another
door or a window in a dark room ab
solutely strange to me, I ran great risk
of betraying my presence by stumbling
against the furniture or knocking down
an ornament.
I dared not strike a match for fear of
the noise, and even If I could have found
an electric lamp and switched it on I
would not have. ventured to do so, lest
the light should be seen through the
crack of the locked door. -
Juliette, I knew well, was praying for
me to be out of the house, and I was
certainly far from wishing to linger.
I moved slowly, and with infinite cau
tion, despite the pressing need of haste,
and even so only saved myself over and
over again from upsetting one of those
useless little silver-loaded tables that
women love— a tall jar of flowers or a
light chair.
At last I found a window and believed
for a moment that the worst of my trou
bles was over, for the boudoir, being on
the ground floor, though rather high
above the level of the garden, I could
easily let myself down. But when I had
clipped In behind the heavy satin curtains
(which were drawn, as I had guessed) it
was only to encounter a new difficulty.
The window, unlike most windows in
France, was of the kind with sashes that
push up- and downr A careful servant
had doted and locked it for the night,
evidently not expecting the room to be
In use again; and when I had pressed
back the * fastening which held the two
sashes in place I discovered that the cord
which lifted the lower one was broken.
As the window was very large, each sash
containing one huge pane of plate-glass.
It could only be opened by the exertion
of considerable strength, and, as my first
cautious essay proved, also with a tell
tale squeaking noise that was not to be
avoided.
After one such rasping squeak I
stopped, my forehead growing damp at
the thought of the effect It might already
have produced in the adjoining room.
But after standing motionless for two or
three minutes I was convinced by the
continuance of the conversation beyond
the locked door that no harm had been
done. I then began a further tedious ex
amination of the walls, my only guide the
knife blade of yellow light under the door
through which I had been thrust itito this
place of darkness.
As I expected, the time occupied In the
Eearch was lost: and still the voices in
the next room talked on. Therefore I had
letter-case with the treaty? Keyed now
to a high pitch of excitement, I took out
my matchbox, lighted a wax vesta and
protecting the flame as well as I could,
proceeded to study the hanud writing.
"On Bord the Fome," were the three
ill-spelled words at the top of the first
page. And the Foam was the name of
the boat in which I had crossed the
Channel.
"I'm taking big: risks," were the next
words which I eagerly read, "but needs
must when one is drove to it. I am drove
to what I've Just done, for it's that or
worse. You saved my life and a lot more
to-day, though yem didn't know it, and
I'd bet my last qu&* that you're a gent'l
man and an honest man. I am a julller's
messenger, sir. trusted with a thing
worth many thousands, and from my first
start I knew I was in terrible danger.
Just before I seen you I thot I was done
for, but you saved me, and the only way
is to make you save me agen without
your knowing, for there's reesons why I
ean.'t epeak to you in private or make
sines. On this bote I'm safe, but when I
get to Paris it's worse than before, so
what I done was this: I'm a bit of a ven
trlloklst, and I throw my voise as if it
come from somewhere else on the gang
wax, so, making a disturbance, and in
that way by stumbling agenst you, I
managed to slip a cigar case. In which V I
carried valable Julls for my master, iir
your pocket. But, In t=o doing. I was
obliged to take out a case which you had
there, or you would at once have felt the
thickness, and pulled out what was there,
and then my fat would have bin in the
fire. Besides, you would have bin in
dainger, which was not fare. But hanged
if I'll look in your case, which may have
letters from your sweetheart for all I
know. You can have it agen by giving
me what you have of mine, which is fare
exchange. I can't call on you, for the
reeson I don't know ware you are going,
and dare not hang round to see on ac
count of the terible dainger I run.
"My hope Is to get as quick as I can
to a place where I expect to find a great
friend who will help me to keep it off,
and I must try to reach It without axi
dents. The best I can do is to slip this
note into your pocket like I did the julls,
and that I shall manage In the raleway
station, for I am clever in- those kind of
things. You see how I depend on you to
bring back my master's valable propetty,
like the gent'lman you are; and there
was no other way for me> I have no
time, to explane why. Come as soon as
you can when you have read this to the
back room on the left-hand side of the
passage, top floor. No. 117, Rue de la Ture,
Boolvard St. Michel. I'll be there all
right and I hope my friend; and there are
no words to.expres my gratltood in ad
vance.—Yours trustingly, H. J., Juillers
Messenger. P. S.— for heaven's sake
don't fale. and ask the conserge for the
name of Polsson." *
"By Jove!" I Involuntarily exclaimed
aloud as I finished reading this extraor
dinary communication, and so furious
•was I at not having discovered it before,
thus saving desperate anxiety for Juliette
and myself, that I hardly remembered
Blight "click" that meant the opening of
the door. I passed Into a dim entrance,
to be challenged by a sleepy voice. pro
ceeding from the concierge's box. A head
showed itself behind the grating, and
monsieur the stranger was requested to
state which resident of- the house , he
wished to see at an hour so late.
I replied that my object was to call
upon Monsieur Polsson, who occupied the
back room at the left, on the top floor,
and if he were not at home I would con
tent myself with the society of his guest,
a gentleman from England who had ar
rived that night.
"Ah, yes, monsieur has been 'here be
fore already," remarked the sleepy con
cierge. "He now returns, as he said he
might do?"
I reflected for the fraction of a second,
then decided that It would be wise not
to correct this impression. It would be
simpler to let the man suppose me to be
this person with an evident right to ad
mittance, rather than run the risk of
Inquiries or a row. It is upon such trifles
as these that the issues of a life hang,
but It is a lesson never learned even by
experience.
"Quite right," I assured the. somnolent
guardian of the house, and pressed on up
the stairs, ascending flight after flight,
and meeting no one.
The upper story, which was the sixth,
was In darkness, though dim lights had
burned In the '• passage below. I had -to
resort once more to my wax vestas before
I could be quite sure of the door. When
I was sure I knocked, but there was no
answer.
I knocked again and for response had
only-silence— a silence that .got on my
nerves. I pounded once more, very hard,
and then when no sound from within fol
lowed I tried the door.
Somewhat to my surprise. It was not
locked. • I opened it. , and crossed the
threshold, stepping from' darkness Into
darkness and smelling a strong odor of
paraffin. I lighted another vesta— my last
—and had just time to peer about, gaining
a vague idea of the arrangement of a
bare, disorderly and shabby room, when a
draught of air, evidently from an open
window, blew out the little flame and
slammed the door which shut behind me
at the same instant.
My glance around had not .assured me
whether or no the room were occupied;
but if there were an occupant he must be
a sound sleeper not to have been
awakened by my entrance and the strik
ing of a match. I stood still and called
out in English: "Hullo! is any one here?"
No answer came, and I determined to
find my way as best I could to the man
tel, where I might hope to come across
some matches. .
I struck out for this landmark, but was
not sure whether I- kept my sense. of di
rection . clear or not a'fter. I ; had bumped
against a table, and something ' else,'
which proved to be a chair, turned over
on the bare floor. Once I caught my foot
In a rug which had got twis ted up in a
heap, and hardly had I extricated myself
from. this when I slipped and almost lost
my balance by stepping in tome spilled
in the center, the globe and chimney both
broken in pieces and the spilled oil giv
ing forth the strong odor ¦ of paraffin
which I had detected on opening the door.
But the struggle for life did not account
for all the confusion. The pockets of the
murdered man had been pulled wrong
side out, his waistcoat had been torn
open, I showing the gay blue ' and pink
checked shirt- which I remembered no
ticing In the morning, deeply dyed now
with blood. Papers were scattered ever
the floor, some spotted red, some half
concealed under tangled rugs which had
been roughly kicked out of the way. The
drawers of an escritoire had been. jerked
" out and their contents thrown here and
there: a wardrobe stood wide open, and
various garments flung on the floor with
the pockets in the same condition as
those of the corpse. A chest of drawers
. had also' been ransacked in a fury of
haste, and even the cot-bed had been vio
lently dismantled. ...The whole, room
looked as if a whirlwind had swept
through it; and I, being in the dead man's
secret, needed no explanation of motive
for the deed that' had been done, or the
search which had followed. All the cun
ning of the. poor wretch, who- lay "with
glazed eyes staring up to the ceiling, . a
grin of terror on the lips from . which
. blood had oozed, had proved in vain. He
had saved the diamonds for another man
himself, and lost his life while triumphing
in the expedient that had preserved
them. The glimmer of the candle, which
I had dislodged from its saucer of grease
to hold in my hand, threw grotesque fllck
erings over, the ghastly .face, making the
features live again in a leer so.disquiet
ing that . I threw the - Illumination else
where, turning it by chance upon the
door, and discovering that the bolt which
evidently had fastened it hung half off.
This threw a light upon the past hour of
mystery, enabling me to reconstruct the
scene. , . • ¦ •
I imagined the arrival of the fugitive,
hoping, praying that he had succeeded in
. dodging his pursuers; his disappointment
in finding his friend away; bis precautions
against being disturbed; his ignorance of
the stealthy work being deftly done out
side the bolted door; his start at the sud
den, horrifying sound of Its opening; his
choked protests that he had not the Jew
els with him; his wild struggle to escape,
and then— the end.
' It was a hateful picture for the imagin
ation, so luridly vivid here on the spot
where the drama had been enacted that
I resolutely shut my eyes upon It and con
centrated my. thoughts on the work before
me. . '.')
The state of the room did not promise
much for my purpose, since the murderer
or murderers had gone ; through every
thing in their hunt for the diamonds;
- still, ; it was not ¦ impossible \ that' In their
mad ; haste for the one thing, they had
passed the treaty.; over ' as : of no ; import
ance. - ¦ ¦-' - ¦ . V..'* .'¦ :"..". ' •
• I moved about the room with the flaring
candle: end,; avoiding the pool of ; blood
into which I'd blundered In the dark, and
' disgusted . at seeing the '¦* horrid ' signs of
"contact on my feet and the hand .which
•, had .touched; the corpse." Even -ray shirt
; cuff was smeared; i but ¦¦_ I ,. hid . the red
smudge from my own eyes by putting my
to murmur pretty things on the way,
though I heardly heard them.
I was thankful to be in my own room;
but when I was there I didn't begin to
undress, or even sit down to rest,
though I was still rather shaky. I went
to one of the windows, opened It wide,
and stood looking out. c ' -
Down there somewhere, under the sky
turned black by the electric lights that
glared up at It, was Noel Brent, who at
this very hour last night had been tell
ing me, at our dance, that he loved me
more than the whole world— that I was,
had been, and ever would be, the one
woman on earth for him. Here was I re
membering every. word he had said, hear
ing the very sound of his voice; down
there was he*, going to keep a midnight
appointment with that other woman, for
whose sake he had broken with me.
With what a strange sorcery she must
have bewitched him! I thought with a
sad bitterness. It was almost Impossible
not to believe that he had meant what he
looked and said last night; yet a few
hours later at a call from her he forgot
me, enmeshed by the old fascination. The
only grace left in him now had caused
him to flush and stammer a little as un
der my eyes he refused Lord Gawain's
invitation to stop with us, making an an
nouncement of a prior engagement, which
he must have known to my ears virtually
amounted to a confession.
I was still at the window when at the
door between my room and the next I
heard a knocking, which was accompa
nied by the voice of Marlon.
"Dearest, please let me in," she said. "I
want very much to see you." .-.¦•'
Now, I had never liked Marion less in
my life than I had to-day, though really
I think she bad meant to serve me. But
always when she has irritated me, and I
have, nearly been cross, I feel so remorse
ful that I try to be nicer to her than be
fore, for I am very sorry for Marion, who
Is not quite like other girls In her looks,
and Is besides so delicate that almost
anything she does ought to be excusable.
I didn't want at all to see her, but I
went to the door/ which separated her
room from mine and let her in.
She thanked me and flung herself down
on a sofa. "I don't feel very well, either,"
she said, "and I couldn't eat, so I thought
I. would come upstairs too." With this she
Jumped off the sofa and began walking up
and down. "I'm so restless I feel as if I
should die," she exclaimed. "It's just as if
the air were full of electricity. Don't you
feel it so?"
"Yes, I do." I answered. "I suppose it's
the change." - : vi j
"No," said Marion, looking' eerie and
haggard as a witch. "It's because some
thing's going to happen."
This was really, curious, for it appeared
that she had exactly the sensation I was
trying to control.
'.'I'm superstitious," she went on; "more
so to-night than I ever was. . It's just as
if a voice were calling me— somewhere;
and I'd got to obey it I know now how
the sailors felt when the sirens _ lured
them. Do you guess why I came to your
room? It was because when we washed
our. faces before going In to supper I left
my hat here. I'm going out, Margot."
giving her orders to the cabman, there
fore, when at last he drew up In a dull
little street, with hardly a light In any of
the houses, and began to walk his horse
very slowly.
"What are we doinsr here?" I exclaimed.
"This Is where I want to see the Inter
esting people go In and out." said Ma
rlon, In a defiant sort of way.
"Why. what street is It?" I asked.
' "It is the Rue d'Anjou." she answered,
but the name suggested nothing to me.
"I don't think it looks very promising,"
said I.
• "Don't you? Walt a few minute* and
you may change your mind. Ah I " she
thrust her head from the window with a
whispered ejaculation of such excitement
that I peered curiously over her shoulder.
A closed carriage was driving into the
street. It stopped before a gate set In an
ugly high wall, and our coupe was in
such a position on the opposite elde of
the way that we could see a groom Jump
down, open the door and help a woman in
a long white evening coat to get out.
The street was rather dark, but there
was enough light from a lamp near by to
give us a glimpse of a beautiful profile
and shining waves of heavy auburn hair.
I drew back as if I had been struck*
"Marlon," I exclaimed, "what does this
mean? That was Juliette de Nevers!"
"Yes. that Is her house. I read an In
terview with her in a paper not long ago
which spoke about It and described it. I
remembered the name of the street." an
swered Marlon, as calmly as If she had
been talking of the weather.
Her manner and the trick she had
played upon me made me so angry that
my heart beat very fast and my breatS
came quickly.
"I don't know why you earn* here," X
said; "but I do know that I'm not going
to stay another moment— spying upon a
person whose movements can't possibly
concern me."
Suddenly, to my surprise, from being
defiant Marion became pleading. "Oh,
Margot darling," . she implored, "for my
sake and your own rake don't go. It is
entirely for you that I came, but I dared
not let you guess what was In my mind,
for I knew you wouldn't listen to my
persuasions. All day I have been feeling
horribly guilty lest It was my fault that
you were giving up Noel Brent. I did
what I thought right this morning, and
I still believe it was right. But suppose
it were all a plot of Juliette de Never*
to get Noel away from you— how should
I feel if I ever found out I had been play
ing into her hands and spoiled your lifer*
"You need not reproach yourself," I
said. "I* heard all that was necessary
from his own lips at Charing Cross."
"But if there were a misunderstanding
and he was' too honorable to defend him
self at that woman's expense? One never
can be quite sure till one* sees with one's
own eyes. He may merely have seen her
at the theater— perhaps, bound by a prom
ise which he'd forgotten, till she remind
ed him of it. It may be all over and done
with now. Very likely that appointment
he spoke of at the hotel was not with
her. Can't you understand how my part
in this affair has been on my conscience?
I couldn't bear It I bad to bring you
•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦• ¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•
f MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR \
f -^ The Spenders j
¦ _ r BY : flARRY LEON; WILSON. ... ¦
# This clever and extremely down-to-datc storyr—a - daring: study 5
¦ . ' in contrast—the "West against the ; East - : H
2 «»begins In the*. q
j I NEXT: SUNDAY CAIXi |
•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦oTHE SUNDAY: CALL.
3
no man has been with you since, why did
I see you at the gate, opening It your
6clf, and admitting a man?"
I wonder that I kept myself from faint
ing. He had seen that, and waited all
this time to spring the mine upon me?
There was nothing else to do. I Instant
ly determined to deny it. and at every
hazard stand by my own falsehood.
"You could not have seen that,
Maxlme." I eaid. very slowly and quiet
ly, though my lips would scarcely form
the words, "because it did not happen.
Tell me exactly what you think you did
eee. and then we shall, perhaps, be able
to fathom the seeming mystery together.
Meanwhile, I ask you to give me at least
the benefit of the doubt You arrived at
this house. You stood near the pate, in
the street Is It not so? Well, what
then?"
"It Is so." Maxlme confessed. "I had
to come. I could not keep away. I was
on th« othfr side of the street, for I did
not let my cab set me down before your
house. I got out and walked a short dis
tance, on the darker side. Just as I came
to a standstill, or a minute later, a man
came along, walking very fast I could
not see his face, or even recognize his fig
ure, but he was tall and well built. It
might have been Ipanoff, though ho
seemed to me slenderer. He rang the bell
—not very loudly-and with scarcely any
delay the gate was opened for him—
opened so wide that I distinctly saw a
woman's form 6ilhouetted against the
light which streamed from the entrance
hall of the house, thirty feet away."
"A woman's form!" I caught him up
quickly. "And are there no other women
in this house but its mistress? vDId it not
occur to you that I have a maid, who is
young and pretty, and human enough
for a flirtation?"
The blood rushed up to Maxlme's fore
bead. "I confess that I thought only of
you," he said.
"That is scarcely flattering, since you
thought of me only to doubt me."
"Then it was not you I saw at the gate?
You did not open it and let some one In
a Quarter of an hour ago?"
"If you were so sure It was I why did
you not try to prove your theory, right
or wrong, by following the man you
thought you saw me admit?" (It was
sheer bravado to ask this question; but
bravado was my line of defense.)
"I was on the opposite side of the
street and the gate was quickly shut
Btill I would have crossed and tried the
lock If there had been no one near. There
was, howe\'er. a coupe in the street,
which etopped in front of your gate.
There were two women In it, and they
appeared to be excitedly arguing some
question. While they were there I would
not attempt to enter, lest they were spies,
and you should be compromised. I wait
ed in the shadow until the coupe drove
out of the street then I tried the gate,
found It unlocked, and came in."
"To accuse me of sins against you which
I never dreamt of committing! Yet, if
you still believe me guilty, I know not
how to prove to you that I am Innocent
Blessed were they who believed with-
to resign myself to the knowledge that,
for Juliette's sake, I must be helpless.
And yet it was for her sake that I was
Impatient to be off.
My nerves prickled, an<L though it was
a cool night I grew as hot in this close,
airless room as if I had been in a Turk
ish bath. The sweat started out on my
face, and Irritably I searched for my
handkerchief, which I was accustomed to
wear tucked into my sleeve. It was not
there, and I felt In my coat pockets, find
ing It in a moment in one where I must
have thrust it in a fit of absentminded
ness. As I pulled it out something crisp
was crushed into the cambric folds by my
fingers; a small thing which to the. touch
was not unlike a creased bank note.
On this strange night of a strange day,
rothing in the least unexpected was to be
regarded as Insignificant. With a quick
thought of this, I did not let the crisp
thing fall to the floor, but with my left
hand separated it from the folds of my
handkerchief, and having secured it, ex
amined into its nature as well as I could
with the unaided sense of touch. As my
fingers still tested the rough edge of the
paper, I became aware that the excited
murmur of voices had ceased in the next
room. I even fancied that I had heard
the opening of a door.
For a moment I waited, and as the si
lence remained unbroken, I told myself
that Maxlme de Ribaumont 'had gone and
my chance had come at last Then fol
lowed a few seconds of Indecision, while
I debated the wisdom of lingering. In the
hope of a further explanation with Juli
ette; by the time one could have counted
twelve, however, I had made up my mind
to run no more risks of delay, but to get
out of the house while I could.
I pushed up the squeaking window sash
and dropped on to the grass, which, owing
to an Incline, was 6ix or eight feet be
low. Then I skirted round to the front
of the house, moving cautiously lest De
Ribaumont should not yet be out of the
grounds; and it was fortunate that I did
so, for as I came in sight of the front
door I saw It standing open and two fig
ures walking slowly along the path to
the gate, bending down as If searching for
something.
The two walked to the gate, opened It
passed out, and presently returned again.
I now had cause to be thankful that I
had not waited in the boudoir for Juliette
to come along and let me out for she and
her lover entered the house and closed the
door. As they moved up the steps which
led to it, I was not ten feet distant from
them In my hiding-place, and heard Ju
liette say aloud: "There Is witchcraft in
it " With that they passed into the house
and De Ribaumont's answer was lost to
me. I could not help wondering what it
was that they had searched for so eager
ly, and whether their quest were in any
strange way connected with the stolen
treaty; but as far as I was concerned
this last mystery must also remain un
solved, since the one course for me was
to put myself on the other side of the
high wall which shut in that garden as
soon as might be. ¦
The gate was still unlocked lit had
probably been left so for De Ribaumont).
therefore I could walk out without leav-
to rejoice that our trouble was over at
last : . S:<:^^t-:l.
Gladly I would her* rone back to the
house in the Rue d'Anjou with toy news;
but as De Ribaumont was probably still
there, I was sure that. ev«n in the elr
cumstances, Juliette would thank me to
keep away. I determined to make all
speed to keep the offered appointment
with "H. J.," not returning to my hotel
until I had the treaty safe in my posses
sion. If the detective were there he must
wait or go, as he pleased. I could not
stop to consider him now, and perhaps
when the treaty was in my hands I
might risk calling Juliette up in the
small hours, for certainly there would
be no sleep for her to-night . .
I walked on through quiet street* for
so far without seeing an empty cab that
I gave up the Idea of looking for one at
all, absorbed in thinking over the affair
of the strang© exchange which had been
made, and little dreaming what an amaz
ing difference In events the simple matter
of not taking a cab was to make.
The thli.s which bothered me most was
the effect likely to be produced upon "H.
J." when he discovered that I could not
hand him over the diamonds for the
treaty. Of course, I did not believe for
an instant his story about being a Jew
eler's messenger, though possiMy I might
have credited it had I not been acquaint
ed by Juliette with the history of the
diamonds and the loss. I had very little
doubt that the rat of a man who had be
trayed such panic terror in a railway
carriage was the expert thief who had
relieved Do Ribaumont of the Duches.se" s
necklace on the way to Amsterdam. Fol
lowing out the theory I thought It possi
ble that the fellow bad had confederates,
whom he contrived to dodge by traveling
to London with a view of cheating them of
their promised share In the spoil. Tri
umphant in the thought that he had put
them off the scent, yet too prudent to take
chances, he had reserved a first-class car
riage for himself as far as Dover; but,
after all, he had been followed by his ex
pals, who had provided themselves with a
railway key in case of the very emer
gency which had happened;, and If I had
not chanced to be late and forced my way
Into the same compartment "H. J.,
Juiller's Messenger," might have been
found murdered when the train reached
Dover.
All this was only deduction, of course,
as "H. J." did not explain the. nature of
the peril he so much meared. and so far
as I had seen, our two traveling com
panions had not even attempted to accost
him. Still, the theory accounted for
everything which had seemed mysterious
and made it plausible that a man should
risk the honesty of a stranger rather than
fall a victim to the revengeful greed of
those he knew too welL
I had resolved to put forth all my pow
ers of diplomacy— my line of action to Be
more or less decided by "H. J.'s" method
of beginning— when I arrived in the Rue
de la Tour, an ugly street of which one
of the least attractive houses was No.
117.
Not a light was to be seen, but a ring
at the bell had the effect of causing -a
liquid which lay. thick and greasy on the
surface of uncarpeted boards.
There seemed to be a good deal of It,
for as I felt my way along I still found
' the floor wet and slippery, and In the
: midst of the pool I stumbled against
something .heavy and soft. As. I struck
this object with my foot a queer thrill
went creeping through my veins, as If the
physical part of me had the first warn
ing of what was to come.
I stopped, and laid my hand on the
thing which had checked my progress
across the dark room. It was the body
of a man. and my searching fingers bad
descended upon his -. upturned face,
which, though not yet Icy cold to tfie
touch, was clammily chill: and wet with
the sticky fluid which smeared my fin
gers. . . ' . x . .
I had a sudden queer sensation as if
my heart had been squeezed hard and
then freed again, so that it gave a great
bound. I knew what the blackness hid
now, as well as If I had the eyes of a
cat to see In the dark. This thing that
I had touched was the body of a dead
man, and the blood his murderers had
made to flow, was on my fingers. Lit
erally I had walked to the discovery*
through blood; and though I have fought
as a volunteer and been acclimated to
horrors, the thought of what lay. before
me unseen turned me sick.; .
I km ashamed to say that my first Im
pulse was to get away as quickly as I
could, since I was not directly* concerned
in this . bad business, and spare myself
unnecessary dlsagreeableness. But the
prompting voice was bidding to be still
as soon as heard.
I . had got to concern myself In the
business, and duty , called upon me to
face a task almost 'as grim as could be
allotted to a man.
I could hear myself breathing hard as
I stood there rigidly upright in the dark
ness.
But instead of hurrying off to give the
alarm or disappear, leaving the secret of
the dark room to corns out in Its own time
and way, I must stay at my post until
I had discovered what was lost or given
up all hope of it
Setting my teeth to the task I avoided
the grim obstacle on the floor and got to
the mantelpiece. J There was a litter - mt
things on' it, pipes and bottles and other
miscellaneous debris, out of which I se
lected at last a small jar containing
matches. I struck one, and before turn
ing round, lighted an end of candle stuck
in its own grease on the mantelshelf.
Then I found the thing that had to be
faced.
It was what I thought, and it lay in the
midst of the ¦ wildest confusion. I had
only missed catching sight of it and the
disorder of the, room in. the first flashing
glimpse afforded by, my own wax vesta
because of ' the large table covered with
a cloth which stood in the foreground
near the door | and . had formed a screen
for what lay between it and the stove on
the opposite Bide of the room.
There had . evidently been & struggle,
for chairs were' upset and the wretched
victim had apparently tried to escape by
running round the table, as the doth was
disarranged and a lamp was turned over
coat sleeve wen over It, consoling myself
with the. thought that after to-night I
need never see these clothes again.
Everywhere I looked among the scatter
ed papers on the floor, and at last I
could hardly restrain a cry of excitement
when I came upon my letter-case lying
half under a crumpled rug. When I had
snatched It up, however. It was only to
see it spread open and empty; but, fling
ing back the rug, my eyes lighted upon
a folded piece of parchment One glance
showed me its nature, and with a sigh
of lntensest relief I was about to thrust
It into the very pocket whence it had
been filched, when a groping noise outside
the door seemed to strike violently at
my consciousness like a box on the ear.
What was to come I knew not, but my
one thought at the instant was for the
treaty, so dearly reclaimed. I was kneel
ing on the floor, close to the stove, the
candle in one hand, the folded parchment
in the other. The aperture in the stove
front for regulating the draught was
open. Within was a gray blur of the dead
ashes. On a quick Impulse I thrust the
treaty through the hole as If I were post-
Ing a letter in a pillar-box, pushing it so
deeply that the cold ashes swallowed it
up. leaving no visible trace of its pres
ence. Then I turned my back to the
stove, thus facing the door as it opened. .
Told by Margaret Revelstoke, the Home
Secretary's Daughter. >r~ v
CHAPTER X.
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER.
I am not a bit nervous, as a rule, and
I should be ashamed to confess it if I had
ever been silly enough to Indulge in hys
terics; but I hadn't felt like myself since
that day, and, when Noel Brent went out
of the room at the Elysee Palace Hotel,
leaving us to sit down to our late supper,
the strangest feeling I ever had came
over me. It was Just as If he were going
out to meet some awful danger and some
thing was forcing me to call him back.
My blood seemed all going up to' my
head and drumming In my ears, then It
flowed back on my heart; and Instead of
being warm, healthy blood any more, it
turned to cold, heavy lead; and I felt sick
and faint and was seized with the most
unaccountable desire to burst out crying.
"Why, Margot, what is the matter7"
exclaimed my cousin, Marlon Bltgreaves.
And I did think It would have been more
tactful of her not to call every one's at
tention to me, if I looked odd. But I sup
pose she didn't stop to think.
I had to struggle to control myself, just
as I've struggled sometimes with a
vicious or frightened horse when riding,
and I managed to speak In quite a decent,
natural sounding voice, though my lips
were quivering.
"Why, am I paler* I asked. And I
laughed a little.
"You're awfully white," Captain Men
zies answered for her, looking at me as
if he were immensely concerned. It made
me so nervous I should have liked to say
something cross to him, but I didn't
"Poor child," said my dear, kind aunt.
Lady Gawain; "I'm afraid the rough
"Golng out?" I echoed In surprise
"Why, Marlon, you can't. ; Do you realize
it's after midnight?"
"I can't help that," said she. "I'd go
If it were the 'dark hour before dawn.' I
tell you I should die if I stayed Indoors.
Ob. don't be afraid that I mean to walk
the streets of Paris. I'm going to have a
closed carriage— a coupe— and drive and
drive till I feel better, if it's till dooms
day. The coupe's ordered already; they
won't say anything about It to our peo
ple. Of course, Lady Gawain would make
a fuss, she's so conventional."
"She isn't." I retorted, defending my
favorite aunt. "But any one would make
a fuss about such a plan. It's perfectly
mad. Don't go. Marlon. What you need
Is a draught to quiet your nerves."
"The air will quiet them better than
anything," she said, "and the bigness and
darkness of the night. I know myself
and what I need. I always was a sort of
changeling. Calm people like you don't
understand my moods."
Calm! If Marlon really thought* me
calm, either I must have better self-con
trol than I'd fancied, or she be less ob
servant.
By this time she was putting en her
hat. stabbing in the sparkling hatpins
viciously.
I had not taken mine off when we went
to supper, but I took up my Jacket,
which was hanging over a chair. "Very
well, you are older than I am, and your
own mistress." I said. "I can't prevent
you from doing what you choose. But if
you are determined to go for a drive se
cretly, in Paris after midnight. I shall go
with you. I'm sure that father would at
least approve of that."
I was afraid that Marion would object,
as she is often very > contrary, but she
didn't, and Judging from the expression
of her face, which was less tense and
drawn for a moment, one might even
have thought this was the thing she had
wished for.
"All Tight, come along." she said. "It
will do you a lot of good, Just as much as
It will me, if you only knew It."
"If Aunt Clem sees , us, of course she
won't let us stir a step." I remarked, at
the door.
"She won't see us," returned Marlon,
"They are all gobbling their supper as If
they hadn't eaten anything for a week."
This was very rude of her. but there
was no good in telling her so. and I said
nothing. . We went quietly down In the
lift, did not meet any of our party, and
we had not a minute to wait at the door
before a very nice coupe drove up, almost
a* private one.
What the hotel people thought of us I
don't know. Marion said that she had
made a perfectly good excuse, but I felt
so annoyed and nervous I wouldn't even
ask her what it had been.
She made me get in first, and gave some
directions to the coachman in rather a
low voice, so that I could not hear. I
didn't know whether she had done this on
purpose or not, but for awhile I wouldn't
give her the satisfaction of being uues
tioned. I sat leaning back against the
cushions, pretending to be perfectly in
different, and I don't think I did care
very much. After awhile, though, it be
pnn tn i!avn praHimllv ltnnn ttia that w.
out seeing, Maxlme."
"I do believe. I must believe!" he cried,
flinging himself on his knees at my feet.
With his lips on my hand my pulse gave
a leap, for in the next room I heard, or
fancied I heard, a sound. Noel Brent was
there still: and If Maxlme' s cars should
tell him what mine had told me I was
lost. I hastened to co\'er the sound by
rushing Into speech, saying the first thing
that sprang into my head. I had not
meant to mention the Duchess' necklace
again to-night, but. to my own surprise,
I heard myself speaking of it as though
the voice belonged to some one else.
"Then, if you believe in me, I will heap
coals of fire on your bead by permitting
you to look at the thing I save you in
the theater— looking at it now, without
waiting."
Still on his knees, Maxime thrust his
hand into the pocket where I bad seen
him place the little silk bag. His quick
obedience rose from a desire to please
me. I knew, rather than curiosity, for
there was no eagerness in his face, and
his eves were on mine, asking forgive-
ing suspicious traces or departure; and
my first idea was to go straight back
to my hotel, where Dubois might be wait
ing. But by the time I was out of the
Rue d'Anjou I had remembered the bit
of paper which I'd dragged from my
pocket with my handkerchief a short
time ago.
Curiosity prompted me to examine it
without delay: and in the next street I
stopped under a lamp and produced It
from my pocket again.
It was a leaf torn from a notebook, the
paper being almost as thin as that which
goes by the name of "Bible paptr." The
light was strong enough to show me that
the scrap was' covered on both sides with
small writing;, so evenly done as to sug
gest the work of a stylographic pen; but
I could not make out the tiny, cramped
words, liji'j
Here was a new stone in the amazing
puzzle-mosaic. Some one had slipped the
paper into my pocket without my knowl
edge! Why not the same somebody who
had put into another the case of dia
monds, and. presumably, removed the
crossing had upset you. though you
weren't 111 at the time. You're beginning
to feel it now. and I half repent making
you come. I know you didn't want to."
"Oh! yes, I did," I conventionally pro
tested, though I'm not sure whether I
was telling the truth or not. Perhaps,
after all. in my heart I had been a lit
tle glad of the excuse to come to Paris,
where Noel was to be with another
woman— a woman he had vowed he
"wouldn't go across the street to see"—
though I shouldn't have confessed that
anything but good nature had brought me
If Marlon had asked. "I wanted to come
with you. of course. Aunt Clem, but I
certainly do feel queer; and If you won't
mind, I think I'd like to go up to my
room. I couldn't eat anything, and— no,
please, I don't want any one to come up
with me. I'd rather be alone; and I know
I shall be all right In the morning."
"Very well, dear, you shan't be bother
ed," said Aunt Clem, who is an old love,
and always understands. But Captain
Menzies would go with me to the .lift,
and I really believe he was stupid enough
were not being driven aimlessly, but as
if with an object; and I remarked It to
Marion. "We seem to be going to some
place in particular, not Just driving about,
and we're driving fast," I said.
"I suddenly thought of a place it would
be Interesting to go to," Marlon replied,
with a kind of sharp dryness. "Oh. you
needn't look frightened; I don't mean to
go In, but only to watch the people mov
ing In and out."
- Her mood was to very queer that I
asked no more questions, and supposed
that she had told the coachman to drive
near some place of amusement which
closed very late; though why she should
be amused by watching the audience I
could not see, especially as she had said
her longing was for fresh air and great
dark spaces.
My knowledge of Paris Is mostly con
fined to the hotels, shops and theaters and
drives In the Bols de Boulogne: and Ma
rion's is exactly the same, as she has
never been to Paris without me, at all
events since she was a little child. I
thought she had made some mistake in
ness. But suddenly a look of blank
amazement dawned In them. "It's gone!"
Told by Noel Brent.
CHAPTER IX.
WHAT I FOUND AT THE HOUSE IN
THE RUE DE LA TOUR.
Never had I been caught in a situation
more repulsive than finding myself locked
Into Juliette de Nevers' boudoir^ iu the
hour after midnight, while In the next
room she assured her lover that no man
was there.
I had never been 1» the same bouse be
fore, end. In trying to discover another
door or a window in a dark room ab
solutely strange to me, I ran great risk
of betraying my presence by stumbling
against the furniture or knocking down
an ornament.
I dared not strike a match for fear of
the noise, and even If I could have found
an electric lamp and switched it on I
would not have. ventured to do so, lest
the light should be seen through the
crack of the locked door. -
Juliette, I knew well, was praying for
me to be out of the house, and I was
certainly far from wishing to linger.
I moved slowly, and with infinite cau
tion, despite the pressing need of haste,
and even so only saved myself over and
over again from upsetting one of those
useless little silver-loaded tables that
women love— a tall jar of flowers or a
light chair.
At last I found a window and believed
for a moment that the worst of my trou
bles was over, for the boudoir, being on
the ground floor, though rather high
above the level of the garden, I could
easily let myself down. But when I had
clipped In behind the heavy satin curtains
(which were drawn, as I had guessed) it
was only to encounter a new difficulty.
The window, unlike most windows in
France, was of the kind with sashes that
push up- and downr A careful servant
had doted and locked it for the night,
evidently not expecting the room to be
In use again; and when I had pressed
back the * fastening which held the two
sashes in place I discovered that the cord
which lifted the lower one was broken.
As the window was very large, each sash
containing one huge pane of plate-glass.
It could only be opened by the exertion
of considerable strength, and, as my first
cautious essay proved, also with a tell
tale squeaking noise that was not to be
avoided.
After one such rasping squeak I
stopped, my forehead growing damp at
the thought of the effect It might already
have produced in the adjoining room.
But after standing motionless for two or
three minutes I was convinced by the
continuance of the conversation beyond
the locked door that no harm had been
done. I then began a further tedious ex
amination of the walls, my only guide the
knife blade of yellow light under the door
through which I had been thrust itito this
place of darkness.
As I expected, the time occupied In the
Eearch was lost: and still the voices in
the next room talked on. Therefore I had
letter-case with the treaty? Keyed now
to a high pitch of excitement, I took out
my matchbox, lighted a wax vesta and
protecting the flame as well as I could,
proceeded to study the hanud writing.
"On Bord the Fome," were the three
ill-spelled words at the top of the first
page. And the Foam was the name of
the boat in which I had crossed the
Channel.
"I'm taking big: risks," were the next
words which I eagerly read, "but needs
must when one is drove to it. I am drove
to what I've Just done, for it's that or
worse. You saved my life and a lot more
to-day, though yem didn't know it, and
I'd bet my last qu&* that you're a gent'l
man and an honest man. I am a julller's
messenger, sir. trusted with a thing
worth many thousands, and from my first
start I knew I was in terrible danger.
Just before I seen you I thot I was done
for, but you saved me, and the only way
is to make you save me agen without
your knowing, for there's reesons why I
ean.'t epeak to you in private or make
sines. On this bote I'm safe, but when I
get to Paris it's worse than before, so
what I done was this: I'm a bit of a ven
trlloklst, and I throw my voise as if it
come from somewhere else on the gang
wax, so, making a disturbance, and in
that way by stumbling agenst you, I
managed to slip a cigar case. In which V I
carried valable Julls for my master, iir
your pocket. But, In t=o doing. I was
obliged to take out a case which you had
there, or you would at once have felt the
thickness, and pulled out what was there,
and then my fat would have bin in the
fire. Besides, you would have bin in
dainger, which was not fare. But hanged
if I'll look in your case, which may have
letters from your sweetheart for all I
know. You can have it agen by giving
me what you have of mine, which is fare
exchange. I can't call on you, for the
reeson I don't know ware you are going,
and dare not hang round to see on ac
count of the terible dainger I run.
"My hope Is to get as quick as I can
to a place where I expect to find a great
friend who will help me to keep it off,
and I must try to reach It without axi
dents. The best I can do is to slip this
note into your pocket like I did the julls,
and that I shall manage In the raleway
station, for I am clever in- those kind of
things. You see how I depend on you to
bring back my master's valable propetty,
like the gent'lman you are; and there
was no other way for me> I have no
time, to explane why. Come as soon as
you can when you have read this to the
back room on the left-hand side of the
passage, top floor. No. 117, Rue de la Ture,
Boolvard St. Michel. I'll be there all
right and I hope my friend; and there are
no words to.expres my gratltood in ad
vance.—Yours trustingly, H. J., Juillers
Messenger. P. S.— for heaven's sake
don't fale. and ask the conserge for the
name of Polsson." *
"By Jove!" I Involuntarily exclaimed
aloud as I finished reading this extraor
dinary communication, and so furious
•was I at not having discovered it before,
thus saving desperate anxiety for Juliette
and myself, that I hardly remembered
Blight "click" that meant the opening of
the door. I passed Into a dim entrance,
to be challenged by a sleepy voice. pro
ceeding from the concierge's box. A head
showed itself behind the grating, and
monsieur the stranger was requested to
state which resident of- the house , he
wished to see at an hour so late.
I replied that my object was to call
upon Monsieur Polsson, who occupied the
back room at the left, on the top floor,
and if he were not at home I would con
tent myself with the society of his guest,
a gentleman from England who had ar
rived that night.
"Ah, yes, monsieur has been 'here be
fore already," remarked the sleepy con
cierge. "He now returns, as he said he
might do?"
I reflected for the fraction of a second,
then decided that It would be wise not
to correct this impression. It would be
simpler to let the man suppose me to be
this person with an evident right to ad
mittance, rather than run the risk of
Inquiries or a row. It is upon such trifles
as these that the issues of a life hang,
but It is a lesson never learned even by
experience.
"Quite right," I assured the. somnolent
guardian of the house, and pressed on up
the stairs, ascending flight after flight,
and meeting no one.
The upper story, which was the sixth,
was In darkness, though dim lights had
burned In the '• passage below. I had -to
resort once more to my wax vestas before
I could be quite sure of the door. When
I was sure I knocked, but there was no
answer.
I knocked again and for response had
only-silence— a silence that .got on my
nerves. I pounded once more, very hard,
and then when no sound from within fol
lowed I tried the door.
Somewhat to my surprise. It was not
locked. • I opened it. , and crossed the
threshold, stepping from' darkness Into
darkness and smelling a strong odor of
paraffin. I lighted another vesta— my last
—and had just time to peer about, gaining
a vague idea of the arrangement of a
bare, disorderly and shabby room, when a
draught of air, evidently from an open
window, blew out the little flame and
slammed the door which shut behind me
at the same instant.
My glance around had not .assured me
whether or no the room were occupied;
but if there were an occupant he must be
a sound sleeper not to have been
awakened by my entrance and the strik
ing of a match. I stood still and called
out in English: "Hullo! is any one here?"
No answer came, and I determined to
find my way as best I could to the man
tel, where I might hope to come across
some matches. .
I struck out for this landmark, but was
not sure whether I- kept my sense. of di
rection . clear or not a'fter. I ; had bumped
against a table, and something ' else,'
which proved to be a chair, turned over
on the bare floor. Once I caught my foot
In a rug which had got twis ted up in a
heap, and hardly had I extricated myself
from. this when I slipped and almost lost
my balance by stepping in tome spilled
in the center, the globe and chimney both
broken in pieces and the spilled oil giv
ing forth the strong odor ¦ of paraffin
which I had detected on opening the door.
But the struggle for life did not account
for all the confusion. The pockets of the
murdered man had been pulled wrong
side out, his waistcoat had been torn
open, I showing the gay blue ' and pink
checked shirt- which I remembered no
ticing In the morning, deeply dyed now
with blood. Papers were scattered ever
the floor, some spotted red, some half
concealed under tangled rugs which had
been roughly kicked out of the way. The
drawers of an escritoire had been. jerked
" out and their contents thrown here and
there: a wardrobe stood wide open, and
various garments flung on the floor with
the pockets in the same condition as
those of the corpse. A chest of drawers
. had also' been ransacked in a fury of
haste, and even the cot-bed had been vio
lently dismantled. ...The whole, room
looked as if a whirlwind had swept
through it; and I, being in the dead man's
secret, needed no explanation of motive
for the deed that' had been done, or the
search which had followed. All the cun
ning of the. poor wretch, who- lay "with
glazed eyes staring up to the ceiling, . a
grin of terror on the lips from . which
. blood had oozed, had proved in vain. He
had saved the diamonds for another man
himself, and lost his life while triumphing
in the expedient that had preserved
them. The glimmer of the candle, which
I had dislodged from its saucer of grease
to hold in my hand, threw grotesque fllck
erings over, the ghastly .face, making the
features live again in a leer so.disquiet
ing that . I threw the - Illumination else
where, turning it by chance upon the
door, and discovering that the bolt which
evidently had fastened it hung half off.
This threw a light upon the past hour of
mystery, enabling me to reconstruct the
scene. , . • ¦ •
I imagined the arrival of the fugitive,
hoping, praying that he had succeeded in
. dodging his pursuers; his disappointment
in finding his friend away; bis precautions
against being disturbed; his ignorance of
the stealthy work being deftly done out
side the bolted door; his start at the sud
den, horrifying sound of Its opening; his
choked protests that he had not the Jew
els with him; his wild struggle to escape,
and then— the end.
' It was a hateful picture for the imagin
ation, so luridly vivid here on the spot
where the drama had been enacted that
I resolutely shut my eyes upon It and con
centrated my. thoughts on the work before
me. . '.')
The state of the room did not promise
much for my purpose, since the murderer
or murderers had gone ; through every
thing in their hunt for the diamonds;
- still, ; it was not ¦ impossible \ that' In their
mad ; haste for the one thing, they had
passed the treaty.; over ' as : of no ; import
ance. - ¦ ¦-' - ¦ . V..'* .'¦ :"..". ' •
• I moved about the room with the flaring
candle: end,; avoiding the pool of ; blood
into which I'd blundered In the dark, and
' disgusted . at seeing the '¦* horrid ' signs of
"contact on my feet and the hand .which
•, had .touched; the corpse." Even -ray shirt
; cuff was smeared; i but ¦¦_ I ,. hid . the red
smudge from my own eyes by putting my
to murmur pretty things on the way,
though I heardly heard them.
I was thankful to be in my own room;
but when I was there I didn't begin to
undress, or even sit down to rest,
though I was still rather shaky. I went
to one of the windows, opened It wide,
and stood looking out. c ' -
Down there somewhere, under the sky
turned black by the electric lights that
glared up at It, was Noel Brent, who at
this very hour last night had been tell
ing me, at our dance, that he loved me
more than the whole world— that I was,
had been, and ever would be, the one
woman on earth for him. Here was I re
membering every. word he had said, hear
ing the very sound of his voice; down
there was he*, going to keep a midnight
appointment with that other woman, for
whose sake he had broken with me.
With what a strange sorcery she must
have bewitched him! I thought with a
sad bitterness. It was almost Impossible
not to believe that he had meant what he
looked and said last night; yet a few
hours later at a call from her he forgot
me, enmeshed by the old fascination. The
only grace left in him now had caused
him to flush and stammer a little as un
der my eyes he refused Lord Gawain's
invitation to stop with us, making an an
nouncement of a prior engagement, which
he must have known to my ears virtually
amounted to a confession.
I was still at the window when at the
door between my room and the next I
heard a knocking, which was accompa
nied by the voice of Marlon.
"Dearest, please let me in," she said. "I
want very much to see you." .-.¦•'
Now, I had never liked Marion less in
my life than I had to-day, though really
I think she bad meant to serve me. But
always when she has irritated me, and I
have, nearly been cross, I feel so remorse
ful that I try to be nicer to her than be
fore, for I am very sorry for Marion, who
Is not quite like other girls In her looks,
and Is besides so delicate that almost
anything she does ought to be excusable.
I didn't want at all to see her, but I
went to the door/ which separated her
room from mine and let her in.
She thanked me and flung herself down
on a sofa. "I don't feel very well, either,"
she said, "and I couldn't eat, so I thought
I. would come upstairs too." With this she
Jumped off the sofa and began walking up
and down. "I'm so restless I feel as if I
should die," she exclaimed. "It's just as if
the air were full of electricity. Don't you
feel it so?"
"Yes, I do." I answered. "I suppose it's
the change." - : vi j
"No," said Marion, looking' eerie and
haggard as a witch. "It's because some
thing's going to happen."
This was really, curious, for it appeared
that she had exactly the sensation I was
trying to control.
'.'I'm superstitious," she went on; "more
so to-night than I ever was. . It's just as
if a voice were calling me— somewhere;
and I'd got to obey it I know now how
the sailors felt when the sirens _ lured
them. Do you guess why I came to your
room? It was because when we washed
our. faces before going In to supper I left
my hat here. I'm going out, Margot."
giving her orders to the cabman, there
fore, when at last he drew up In a dull
little street, with hardly a light In any of
the houses, and began to walk his horse
very slowly.
"What are we doinsr here?" I exclaimed.
"This Is where I want to see the Inter
esting people go In and out." said Ma
rlon, In a defiant sort of way.
"Why. what street is It?" I asked.
' "It is the Rue d'Anjou." she answered,
but the name suggested nothing to me.
"I don't think it looks very promising,"
said I.
• "Don't you? Walt a few minute* and
you may change your mind. Ah I " she
thrust her head from the window with a
whispered ejaculation of such excitement
that I peered curiously over her shoulder.
A closed carriage was driving into the
street. It stopped before a gate set In an
ugly high wall, and our coupe was in
such a position on the opposite elde of
the way that we could see a groom Jump
down, open the door and help a woman in
a long white evening coat to get out.
The street was rather dark, but there
was enough light from a lamp near by to
give us a glimpse of a beautiful profile
and shining waves of heavy auburn hair.
I drew back as if I had been struck*
"Marlon," I exclaimed, "what does this
mean? That was Juliette de Nevers!"
"Yes. that Is her house. I read an In
terview with her in a paper not long ago
which spoke about It and described it. I
remembered the name of the street." an
swered Marlon, as calmly as If she had
been talking of the weather.
Her manner and the trick she had
played upon me made me so angry that
my heart beat very fast and my breatS
came quickly.
"I don't know why you earn* here," X
said; "but I do know that I'm not going
to stay another moment— spying upon a
person whose movements can't possibly
concern me."
Suddenly, to my surprise, from being
defiant Marion became pleading. "Oh,
Margot darling," . she implored, "for my
sake and your own rake don't go. It is
entirely for you that I came, but I dared
not let you guess what was In my mind,
for I knew you wouldn't listen to my
persuasions. All day I have been feeling
horribly guilty lest It was my fault that
you were giving up Noel Brent. I did
what I thought right this morning, and
I still believe it was right. But suppose
it were all a plot of Juliette de Never*
to get Noel away from you— how should
I feel if I ever found out I had been play
ing into her hands and spoiled your lifer*
"You need not reproach yourself," I
said. "I* heard all that was necessary
from his own lips at Charing Cross."
"But if there were a misunderstanding
and he was' too honorable to defend him
self at that woman's expense? One never
can be quite sure till one* sees with one's
own eyes. He may merely have seen her
at the theater— perhaps, bound by a prom
ise which he'd forgotten, till she remind
ed him of it. It may be all over and done
with now. Very likely that appointment
he spoke of at the hotel was not with
her. Can't you understand how my part
in this affair has been on my conscience?
I couldn't bear It I bad to bring you
•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦• ¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•
f MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR \
f -^ The Spenders j
¦ _ r BY : flARRY LEON; WILSON. ... ¦
# This clever and extremely down-to-datc storyr—a - daring: study 5
¦ . ' in contrast—the "West against the ; East - : H
2 «»begins In the*. q
j I NEXT: SUNDAY CAIXi |
•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦oTHE SUNDAY CALL.
4
here, even by a trick, so that you might
see with your own eyes whether or no
your lover comes to call at this actress'
house after midnight Then, whatever
happened, I need no longer blame my
self." -: .
"You reason very strangely," I said,
as quietly as I could. "And there can be
no excuse for spying. That is all I have
to 6ay— except that I am going hdme
now."
•"Then you will leave me here alone?"
cried Marion, with a shrill sound in her
voice as though she were on the point of
bursting into sobs.
That sound made me rather gentler, for
father and I have always schooled our
selves to be gentle with Marion, no mat
ter how difficult. "No. of course not,"
I said, soothingly. "I shouldn't dream of
leaving you alone. We will simply tell
the coachman to drive us back to the
hotel."
"If you go in the coupe," returned
Marion, beginning to gasp ominously, "I
shall have to stand here In the street
and goodness knows what may come of
It at this tima of night I must etay.
I've vowed to do that, and I always keep
mv word, even with my»eif. I am deter
mined to know for duty's sake, if nothing
else, whether or not injustice has been
done Noel Brent; and I will know, at
whateveT sacrifice."
I was so aghast at her. and so at a loss
what to do with any one who seemed so
Insane, that for a moment I could not
think what to say. And In that moment
something happened. A very handsome,
tall, dark young Frencnman appeared in
the street close to where our coupe was
drawn up at the pavement In an In
stant he had disappeared again; but as
he passed us I heard something fall on
the asphalt with a soft thud that had a
subdued undertone of a "chink" in It
I was looking out of the window on
that side, for I'd been ready to direct the
coachman to take us home, and, I saw
that a little silk bag lay on the pavement
I was sure that the young man must
have dropped it and was Just on the
point of calling after him when Marion
gripped my arm very hard. "Sh!" sh«
whispered, "unless you want Noel Brent
to know. There h« is, down there at
Juliette de Nevers' gate; and oh, «ee!
somebody's letting him In. Somebody
must have been waiting."
There was a queer note In her voice
that sounded more like Joy than sorrow;
but to do her Justice, I was In no state
to Judge of other people's feelings and
motives. I even forgot about the young
man who had dropped the silk bag close
to our carriage. I started back from the
window, though it was on the wrong side
and we were almost at the far end of the
street from Mademoiselle de Nevers*
house.
I sat shrinking against the cushions for
a few minutes in. a perfect panic for fear
Noel should suspect and think I had come
to spy upon him; but after awhile I re
covered myself a little, and said that If
Marion wouldn't drive home with me I
would leave her and get out and walk.
"I must wait and know how long he
stops with her," she exclaimed, with such
a greedy, curious air, that I could stand
no more. I flung open the door. Jumped
out of the coupe and almost stepped on
the little «llk bag.
Quite mechanically I stooped and picked
tt up, looking first one way and then the
other; but the young man who had. I was
sure, dropped it was nowhere to be seen.
It Is queer how, when you are only inter
ested in one thing in the world, still an
other part of your brain goes on acting
Independently of your real thoughts. I
suppose there must have been a vague
idea In my preoccupied mind that it would
be better to take home the bag as the
owner was gone, and then advertise It In
the paper, rather than let it lie In the
street perhaps to be carried off by some
dishonest person.
Anyway, I kept the bag In my hand,
though at the time I scarcely seemed to
be thinking about It I was listening to
Marlon, who begged me to come into the
coupe again and she would do anything I
wished. So I did, and we drove back to
the hotel, where I got out feeling as if the
whole experience had been a hateful
dream. And It was not until I had betn
In bed for nearly an hour that I remem
bered I must have left the silk bag In the
coupe, as I had no recollection of it after
getting Into the carriage and laying it in
my lap. I was sorry that I hadn't left it
in the street instead of taking responsi
bility upon myself and then failing to
carry it out But of course, it was too
late to do anything until next day. and I
could only hope that there had been noth
ing of real value in the bag— unless the
coachman proved scrupulously honest
It was a wretched night Never once
did I close my eyes. I was thoroughly
ashamed and humiliated, as well as un
happy. Maybe I had been vain, and
needed the punishment for my self-con
celt for I had been conceited enough to
believe that Noel loved me, and would be
true to tne even in spite of the fascina
tions of a beautiful woman like Juliette
de Nevers. Of course, though she is an
actress, she is received in society, and Is
tremendously admired for her beauty and
wit as well as her cleverness, so that she
Is a very formidable rival for any girl.
EU11, I am afraid I've been rather spoilt,
for I thought that Noel would prove true
to me, notwithstanding the .flirtations
Marlon mad* so much of with Made
xdolselle de Nevers and several other
women more or less prominent In the
world. But he himself had shown me un-
all three complimented tne on looking ex
tremely well; and already I tried to be
gin flirting a little, according to the agree
ment I had made with myself.
After breakfast I slipped away for a
minute while the others were planning
about going out, and told the people in
th9 bureau that I had lost a little silk
bag in the coupe last night— it would
have been useless to particularize about
its not being mine.
They said that they would sand to the
stables at once and see if such a thing
had been found: but I could not wait to
learn whether the cabman was honest or
not. I ran in to see Marion, pretending
to be very bright and gay, and ief using
to talk of what had passed last night.
She did not want to drive with us to see
the motor car, but it was arranged that
Aunt Clem and I should come back, for
her afterward, and we would go out to
gether shopping and luncheon at some
nice amusing place where our two men
would meet us.
We were a long time looking at the mo
tor car and deciding, for Lord Gawain
and Captain Menxies were both enthu
siasts about that kind of thing, it seemed.
Then came our calling at the hotel for
Marion, and a stroll through several shops
in th« Rue de la Paix: and it was two
o'clock when we got to Ritz's, although
we had promised Lord Gawain to be there
at half-past one.
He and Captain Menzies were waiting
for us, and Lord Gawain had a newspaper
in his hand. They both looked 6O queer
and grave that the minute we met Aunt
Clem asked what was the matter, wheth
er they had news that any of our friends
were ill or dead.
"Noel Brent is accused of murder," said
Lord Gawain. in his abrupt, tactless way.
But I couldn't believe my ears. I stood
listening stupidly, with a foolish half
smile on my face, while he went on ex
citedly to tell things which hardly seemed
to mean anything to me. '
"What nonsense!" I heard Aunt Clem
exclaim. "Why. we were talking to him
last night in our own hotel. He was all
right then."
"I'm afraid it was that appointment of
his which wasn't all rigM." her husband
said. "Anyway, it seems to have got him
into trouble. It's in this afternoon's Echo
de Paris, and no doubt the other papers—
the most extraordinary story I ever came
across in my life— reads like melodrama.
It seems Brent wanted to find a certain
man here whom ho couldn't find, and
went last evening: to a private detective
chap named Dubois. who has been giving
evidence to the police; lost no time In be
ginning the hunt, got hot on the scent at
last, followed it to a house in a street
near the Boulevard St. Michel, and there
in the room where he had been led to ex
pect he would find his quarry came upon
Noel Brent (who had. after all, been clev
er enough to get ahead of the detective
In the search) ransacking the room, and
covered with the blood of the wanted
man, whose dead body lay on the floor."
CHAPTER XI.
"FOR MORE THAN LIFE."
It seemed as If It were another person,
and not I, who went back that afternoon
to the Elysee Palace Hotel after hearing
that Noel Brent was in prison on a charge
of murder.
Naturally we were all certain that there
was a monstrous mistake; but If he had
been a stranger to us and we had read
the report in the newspapers we would
have thought the evidence very strong
against him. Dear Aunt Clem, who likes
and admires Noel immensely, tried to
laugh angrily and say how horrid and
ridiculous these French people were, al
ways doing something sensational and
stupid, having to eat humble pie after
ward. But Lord Gawain and Captain
Menzies did not think that the authorities
would have to eat humble pie at all,
however the case went, for they could not
do otherwise than they had done In the
face of the evidence. I did hate them so
for talking like that Men are horrid
when they parade their sense of Justice,
not making any difference whether it's an
affair of a friend or an enemy. But, of
course, no one in the party except Marion
dreamed that there had been anything
more than friendship between Noel and
me, so they talked quite freely.
As I listened to the evidence given so
far, which Lord Gawain explained to us.
as we did not care to read about It In the
paper, and realized the danger in which
Noel stood, all my proud resentment
against him seemed to be very trivial. No
matter what his behavior toward me had
been, he must have been sorely, tempted
by that other woman, and he was inno
cent of this crime with which they
charged him. I could not help forgiving
him everything, down deep In my heart,
and loving and yearning orer him with a
great tenderness, though he was nothing
to me any more— not even . a friend. I
wanted more than anything In the whole
world to help him, and as Lord Gawain
discussed the dreadful affair, I thought I
saw a way in which I could— Marion and
I together.
At least, Noel was splendidly loyal to
that woman at whose gate we had seen
him. When questioned he nad refused to
say where he had been between midnight
and ten minutes to 2. at which time the
detective had found him by the body of
the murdered man. among a heap of scat
tered papers, which showed that the room
had been ransacked In --»-~n of some
thing.
It h* ha/4 />Vif>e»n in foil narViann Vi«
crime, whether It was likely that after
committing a murder he would choose to
come back and remain* for some time in
the room with the dead body of his vic
tim: but that went for nothing because
of the disordered condition of the room,
which proved that a long and exhaustive
search had been made. And a motive
was supplied apparently through a state
ment of the detective, Dubols, who said
that Noel's object In having the mur
dered man "shadowed" was because a
thing of enormous value had been stolen,
which must be recovered immediately on
pain of the most disastrous consequences.
I was bo anxious to speak . alone with
Marion that when we got back to the
hotel I made her come into my room and
began at once upon the subject which I
had refused to discuss with her earlier in
the morning. I said very excitedly that,
as we knew Noel had been with Juliette
de Nevers at the time when the murder
was being committed, it seemed to me
that we ought to come forward and prove
an alibi, or whatever they call it, in spite
of himself.
But Marion had been thinking the thing
over more calmly than I had. She point
ed out to me that even If we took so bold
a course as to bring Mile, de Nevers'
name into the case when Noel was sac
rificing so ¦ much to save ,her, we could
do him no real good. I flew to the con
clusion at first that this argument .was
mere sophistry, because Marion was
ashamed of what we had done and could
not bear to be compromised; but she
went on to remind me that it was only
about twenty minutes or so past twelve
when Noel had gone In at the gate In
the Rue d'Anjou, and for all we. could
prove to the contrary he might have come
out again ten minutes later, for we had
not remained in the street longer than
that after seeing him.
If I had not been so obstinately deter
mined to go away, she said, but had con
sented to wait as she begged me to do,
we might actually be in a position now
to save Noel In spite of himself; but as It
was we could do nothing which would
help him in the eyes of tne law, for there
would have been plenty of time for him
to go from the Rue d'Anjou to the Rue
de la Tour between half-past 12 and the
tfcne when the man there was murdered.
I couldn't help seeing that Marion had.
right on her side, still I could not give
up the hope of doing something, when we
seemed to know so much; and it was so
dreadful to be told that our helplessness
was "all my fault" that I had to beg
Marion to leave me alone for a few min
utes, feeling that I should not be mistress
of myself.
She was angry at being asked to go
away, and slammed and bolted the door
between our rooms— but I did not care.
I wanted to think— and perhaps to cry.
However, I hadn't time to begin before
there was a knock at the other door, and
a servant of the hatel handed In a little
parcel.
It was something which I had lost the
night before, he explained, and had been
sent to me, as I had left instructions at
the bureau.
I gave the man ten francs for the hon
est coachman, and almost mechanically
(not being in a mood to take interest in
irrelevant matters) I opened the brown
paper wrappings. Sure enough, inside
was the silk bag which I had so stupidly
forgotten in the coupe, and I untied the
ribbons, peeping in with. the idea of find
ing an addrass.
Even In my preoccupation I was aston
ished at what I did see— a wonderful
necklace of diamonds, or at least, if not
diamonds, a marvelous Imitation.
At any other time I should have been
curious and excited, and my first thought
would have been to put an advertisement
in the paper; but as it was It didn't seem
to matter very much whether the hand
some young man who had dropped the
bag got his property back to-morrow or
next week, though, of course, . he must—
if th© Jewels were real— be In a terrible
state of mind about it by this time.
I simply put the bag into a writing-case
that was in my big, fitted travelling bag,
locked it up, and went on working out
the plan that had come into my head
even before I had sent Marion out of the
room.
Perhaps the idea was an absolutely mad
one, but I wanted more than I had ever
wanted anything to see Noel— not as a
lover, oh no I but merely as a friend
falsely accused of a crime whom I might
be able to help.
I had no knowledge of French police
procedure, but it seemed just possible
that I might be allowed to see him in
the presence of others, if the authorities
knew who I really was; and I thought, as
father liked Noel, he would not object to
my making use of his name as a sort of
passport, provided I could manage it.
Then it occurred to me that, as the police
people might not believe me If I went and,
announced that I was the daughter of the
British Home Secretary, I had better jo
to our Embaasador, who is a friend of
father's and ask if he could do anything
for me.
I could see that Sir George was reluct
ant to do anything for me in the matter,
perhaps because if he had a daughter he
would not thank my father to interfere
in such a way. But I persuaded him that
If he didn't help me I would try what I
could do without any help, which would
make things a lot worse. So he wrote a
letter to the Chief of the Police in Paris,
saying who I was, and asking as a favor
that I might be permitted a few minutes'
conversation with the accused man.
before it becomes more disagreeable. And
as for me, I saw you in the street after
you left us all in the hotel; that is why
I mention the other matter, because you
can guess that the two might be con
nected, and If there Is anything I can
I spoke very, very fast, hoping that the
warder might not be familiar enough with
English to catch every word, and only
hinting things Instead of saying them
straight out. But when I had gone so
far, Noel cut me short.
"I can't tell you how much I thank you
for this," he said. "It's ( far | beyond
thanks, though it's like you to have come,
Marg— Miss Revelstoke. It's comfort
enough formfc to think you should do It,
but as for what you propose it must not
be. Nothing would be gained— rather the
other way. Believe me when I say that
I know this. And neither you nor any of
my friends who— who are kind enough to
care— must be troubled about me. Every
thing will surely come right, sooner or
later, though I may have to suffer a lit
tle annoyance for a while."
"Annoyance!" I echoed. "If only it Is
no worse than that."
"It won't be. I shall be well defended.
It will all be shown up as a huge mis
take."
"Is there nothing I— we can do, then?"
I asked, miserably conscious that he was
determined not to have Juliette de Nev
ers' name brought in.
He hesitated for a moment. "I sup
pose." he said at last, "that there's no use
hoping you will believe me innocent of
something else which— hurts me worse
than the accusation that has landed me
here?"
"I think there's not much use talking of
that." I answered.
"Well," sighed Noel, "I won't talk of it
then, though I hoped— oh, don't misunder
stand me— I know that after all this dis
graceful publicity I would not have the
right to press for anything beyond bare
justice. I wouldn't do it even if I had the
right. But I hoped you might have come
to say that, though nothing could be as
It might have been, you believed me
true!
The tears started to my eyes and I
turned away. "This wouldn't have made
any difference," I said in a muffled, brok
en voice. "But there even are more rea
sons why I can't believe what you ask
me to than you know. That's partly why
I came, for I would give'anythmg to help
"I regret to inform mademoiselle that
the five minutes permitted for her inter
view with the prisoner have expired." an
nounced the warder in French. "She will
have time but for adieu."
I held out my hand to Noel, and he
grasped it. pressing it so tightly that it
hurt. "Anything!" I repeated.
Suddenly a light flashed into his eyes,
and his face flushed up to his forehead.
You are an angel of generosity." he
said, in a conventional tone, though a
quiver ran through his voice. Then, very
low and au.ck-so quick, so unexpectedly
that I could scarcely understand— he spoke
In Italian. "For more than my life, go to
the room of the murder; get in somehow,
and take from the front of the stove, un
der the ashes, a parchment. Give it to
Juliette with your own hands. Every mo
ment counts. I've no one else to ask, or
I'd cut off my hand sooner than put it on
you.' 1
With a swift. resentfHl movement of
suspicion the warder came close to us.
"That is forbidden!" he said sternly. "In
what language did you speak?"
"He spoke in Italian." I answered has
tily, looking as Innocent as I could "and
he only bade me good-by. We' have
been very dear friends. It Is hard not to
have a last word for purselves alone."
¦ "That may be true; but it is neverthe
less forbidden," replied the warder, glar
ing reproachfully at Noel. "I must re
port this: and no further communication
can be permitted."
With this, Noel was so Bharply ordered
to go that my ears tingled, and I should
have liked to kill the whole French police
force. To hear a little wretched police
man speak like that to my dear, brave,
big Englishman, and to know that It
would only be childish of him to resist—
oh, it was unbearable!
Noel only held his head rather high, and
pressed his lips together^ and at the door
as he was going out he threw me back
one look. It said as plainly as if he had
spoken: "Remember!"
I did Indeed remember; but it was not
until I had driven part of the way toward
home that I entirely realized the full
meaning of those few hurried, stolen
sentences in Italian, with which Noel had
defied the law.
I was to go— I was to do— oh, it wasn't
possible that Noel should have asked such
a thin* of me!
But the protest of my soul could not
change thfe thing that was. He had asked
it, and he had said that it meant "mote
than his life." He had dared to send me
on a mission to that woman for whose
sake he had flung my love away, and— I
would go. Oh, yes, I would go, if it killed
me. I had told him that I would "do any
thing," and he had taken advantage.
A kind of fury possessed me. If I had
known that death in some ghastly form
awaited me in the horrible house to which
Noel .was sending me, still I would have
gone. . •
When the first confession of my. mind
had passed I thought very clearly— as
clearly as I ever had in my life.
Noel's words— "get In somehow"— were
in themselves a warning that I should
, have . difficulty in getting aamitiance to
the room where the murder had been
done. '
I tried to think it all out, ignorant as
I was of such things. The body, proba
bly, would have been taken away by the
time, but perhaps the house would be
guarded by the police.. If not that— since
many people lived there and would be
inconvenienced by such a proceeding— at
all events It was certain that strangers
would not be allowed to prowl morbidly
at their own sweet will about the room
where a great crime had been committed.
To get in and do what Noel wanted done
without being seen in the act, and more
harm than good accomplished, I would
have to bribe somebody very heavily.
Even that might not succeed— but it
would surely be the only hope; and I
turned my attention to considering my
resources.
I had left home at very short notice
and had only brought with me to Paris
what I had at hand— enough to do a little
shopping, which would be more a cloak
for my state of mind that a genuine
pleasure.
This morning I had started out with
about £20, after giving Marion the same
amount, and I had bought a couple of
expensive hats, some silk stockings and
some smart handkerchiefs in the Rue de
la Paix, so that now I hadn't much more
than £5 left. Marlon had spent quite as
much as I had, and I rembered laughing
at Aunt Clem's slang, when she had ex
claimed on the way to Ritz's that she was
"cleaned out."
If I found that I had to bribe some po
liceman In charge, or even the concierge,
it would be worse than useless to make a
stingy bid. I must offer so large an
amount that, even if the bribed official
were discovered and dismissed, he would
have at least what we could have earned
in his situation in a year. That might
really tempt him. The sum that suggest
ed itself to me was £100. I might begin
with offering less, but I would want to
have that to work up If necessary. Yet
how was I to get it?
Of course, I might apply to Lord Ga
waln, but he is such a reckless man
about money, always forgetting to take
enough when he goes anywhera, that it
was doubtful if he would have half as
much to spare in a hurry; and even if he
had he would be very curious and sur
prised at my asking for it at a moment's
notice. And I must have it at a moment's
notice, for Noel had said, with a desper
ate look in his eyes, that "every minute
counted."
There wasn't time to telegraph home
there wasn't time to do anything; but
suddenly in the cab I clapped my hand*
together and gave a little cry— for the
queerest idea had darted into my head.
They knew in the hotel who I was, and
that If I said I could get money at a cer
tain time it would be all right. I couldn't
ask them very well to U-nd It, though,
with no security at all. But there was
that diamond necklace I had found. It
wouldn't be claimed till to-morrow some
time, even if I sent an advertisement to
the papers the first thing when I got
home— which I shouldn't really -take time
to do; and, meanwhile, I would ask the
manager to loan me £100 on it. If it were
real, as I hoped, he might do that as a
favor; and I could get the money from
home in twenty-four hours; yet if It were
not real? Well, I could but try!
Told by Juliette de Nevers.
CHAPTER XII.
ON THE RACK.
We had looked everywhere for the dia
mond necklace, Maxlme and I, and to him,
poor fellow, its loss for the second time
seemed all-important He did not see in
red letters, always before his eyes, these
two words. "The Treaty," as I did. He
was in happy ignorance of that other loss
which I— I, of all people in the world
had inflicted upon him. He was satisfied
with my statement that by means of a
person employed by me the necklace had
been recovered and given to him as a sur
prise. «
We searched the garden, the whole
street, and came back to search for the
second time the drawing room where we
had talked together. But it was all in
vain, and at last he left me to retrace his
steps along the way he had come, and to
make inauiries for the cab In which he
had driven part of the distance.
As for me, there was no thought of
steep, but when I had unlocked the door
of the boudoir, found the room empty and
the window j open, and talked with old
Henri (who admitted having seen the
English gentleman stealing cautiously
away). . there was nothing left for me to
do save wait in the. dim hope that Noel
Brent might return with news.
Clinging to this hope, I would not go
to bed. But when five o'clock came and
he had not returned, it seemed that for
an hour or two at least I must give. up
the Idea of seeing him. I undressed, there
fore," and went to bed.
When I awoke and looked hastily at my
watch, to my dismay it was after eleven
o'clock. I was wild with fear lest the
servants in their well-meaning stupidity
had sent important visitors away, refus
ing to disturb me. But when Agnes came
flying In answer to my violent ringing of
the bell, she said that no one had been.
There were letters, and a telegram, and
Henri had bought all the morning pa
pers.
The telegram proved to be from Max
lme, saying that he had not recovered
wumi w*s !.»., ui itutrnea anytmng cuu
cerning it. From Noel Brent there was
no word at all: and I could not under
stand his silence. Not to come or to
write, or even to wire!— it was cruel :i
less something had happened to him. i
determined to send Henri to the Ely«-e
Palace Hotel to inquire, and did so, about
12 o'clock-
Henri was not long In doing his errand,
though U seemed forever to me. When he
came, however, it was but to tell me that
which sharpened my anxiety.
"Mr. James Quest of Birmingham"
(that was the name, of course, for which
I had directed Henri to inquire) had gone
out after supping about midnight and
had not yet returned to the hotel.
The only delay of which my poor, affec
tionate old servant had been guilty was a
short ope. He had stopped and bought
all the evening papers, which, when he
had given me the news, he thrust into
my hands with a beaming countenance.
I would have flung the papers aside
without a glance when Henri's back was
turned had it not suddenly occurred to
me that, if Noel Brent had had an acci
dent of any sort. It might be reported.
When I read what had happened— how
he was accused of murder and while de
claring his innocence had refused to state
how and where he had spent the time be
tween midnight and a quarter to 2 in the
morning, my heart -went out to him In
a wave of gratitude for his brave loyalty.
Here was a man! He declined to speak
the words which would prove me a liar
to Maxlme and compromise me beyond
repair in the eyes of my lover.
My first Impulse was to hasten to the
Chief of Police, with whom I was per
sonally acquainted, and say: "Monsieur,
this gentleman cannot have committed
a murder in the Rue de la Tour between
midnight and a quarter to 2. for at twenty
minutes past 12 he came to my house and
did not leave till nearly half-past 1, as my
servant can prove."
I even sprang from my chair to ring
for Agnes and call for my hat and gloves
and order my carriage. But— I sat down
again and deliberately crushed the im
pulse. I could not yield to It. I dared
not.
It was after 3 when Agnes, who had at
last despaired of inducing me to take
food, came again to the door of my bou
doir where I sat.
"Mademoiselle, the Count Ipanoff Is
here," she announced.
The words aroused me. "Send him
away. I will not see him!" I cried, an
grily.
"But he has sent a note, mademoiselle,
which he begs you to read. Here it is."
Curiosity born of fear made me open it.
I yielded to its bidding, and then— I
changed my mind, as doubtless he had
foreseen. I told Agnes that Count Ipan
off should come to me in the boudoir.
He entered, smiling— and the door was
softly closed.
"Well?" I said shortly, thrusting my
hands behind me when he held out his.
"My note told you the truth. I have
news for you. Of course you have seen
the papers? You know that your English
friend is in trouble?"
"The English friend whom you would
have liked to see arrested last night on a
ridiculous, baseless charge," I sneered,
boldly assuming my suspicions to be
facts. "This, no doubt, will also soon b«
shown to be baseless, because It Is equal
ly ridiculous."
"Ridiculous or not," said Ipanoff, "it Is
likely to cause you trouble, as well as
your discreet friend."
"I do not see that." I answered. "My
name does not enter Into the affair at all.
You have said— my friend Is discreet. Be
sides, It is nothing to me. What have I
to do with it?"
"As to that, you know best. But I com*
to you, as before, out or friendship, to
warn you, to help you, if I can."
"Your friendship— your help!". I echoed,
scornfully.
"You may need, and be thankful to
avail yourself of both. Would you not be
glad, to begin with, if you could know
what questions the Juge d'Instruction has
put to Mr. Noel Brent and what answers
Mr. Noel Brent has made?"
Strange that this very thought had been
torturing me before the man appeared—
the thought that questions had been asked
and answers given which might mean
everything • to me if I could only bear
them. But I answered, "That is impossi
ble. No one can know except the two
men present." .
"Three men were present. Besides those
two there was the lawyer whom the Eng
lishman has employed to see him through
the case. It is permitted now that the
accused shall be accompanied by his law
yer when he comes before the Juge d'In
struction. The gentleman whom your
friend has chosen is an acquaintance of
mine and is Indebted to me for his first
successful case. It is odd, Is It not. what
a fancy Monsieur Brent has for employ
ing my friends? Last night It was Du
bols. To-day It is Duplessis."
"You keep yourself singularly well In
formed of the movements of your friends
—and your enemies," I said. "But I ques
tion whether your information is often
trustworthy. I have reason to know that
you have— made mistakes."
"It would not be difficult for you to be
lieve If you understood the formalities.
Monsieur Brent's only need of a lawyer
to-day with the Juge d'Instruction was
to have a man who' would see that his
client's ignorance of French law did not
plunge him into stupidities which would
prejudice his cause."
mutaKaciy now roonsn nan wen my con
fidence In my own poor little power of
holding him. and I told myself over and
over again that I was completely dis
illusioned, that my love for Noel had
come to an end with my faith In him. I
even made up my mind that I would flirt
desperately with Captain Meniies, who Is
very good looking and nice; and if It ware
really true, as Aunt Clem said, that he
had been In love with my photograph for
a. year and carried It about with him in
South Africa, I would try to make him
more in love still with me, so that he
might propose as Quickly as possible.
He had done such brave things in tha
war that people were talking a great deal
about him, and if I decided to accept him
(which would please dear Aunt Clem),
Noel would be sure to see lots of para
graphs about the engagement In the pa
pers. I thought I should like to come out
very soon, ao that Noel would believe I
had not cared at all seriously for him.
In the morning, when It was time to get
up (it seemed as if it never, never would
be, the hours wer* so long), I stared at
myself critically in the glass, but I didn't
look as badly as one might have sup
posed. I was only a little pale, and my
eyes seemed somehow extraordinarily
large. I was glad I hadn't brought a
maid, for it was Just as well to be alone;
and after I had a cold bath and dressed
and pinched my cheeks, I really looked
very fit.
Marion didn't $et up for breakfast, but
I went down because I knew that Aunt
Clem and the others meant to be early,
on account of seeing the new motor car.
Sure enough they were in the cafe be
fore ne, and Aunt Clem had been so
anxious about ,my "attack of falntness"
that I . felt wretchedly guilty, thinking
of what Marion and X had sneaked out
to do after I had excused myself. But
might have saved himself, for several doc
tors gave evidence that the murder must
have been committed nearly an nour be
fore the crime was discovered by the very
detective whom Noel had employed to
seek the dead man.
Yet he would only say that he had left
the hotel at such and such a time and had
been walking the streets since, mention-
Ing some of the streets through which
he had passed. But nobody had come
forward who had seen him there, and the
concierge at the house where the murder
had been done made matters look very
badly for Noel by saying that, though he
had not been In the room during the
whole hour which must have elapsed,
when he came at about half -past 1, It
was for the second time. It seemed that
somebody had called an hour earlier, ask
ing In very English sort of French for a
Monsieur Poisson, an English friend of
hif. The concierge had been already In
bed in his little box, and had been too
sleepy to notice this man's face. The
only thing he had thought of was the
English-sounding accent, and as Monsieur
Poisson (who was away for the day)
often bad callers in the middle of the
night, he (the concierge) had not been
surprised that the little gentleman, who
had come to stay till Monsieur Polsson's
return, should also have a visitor at a
late hour.
When the concierge had been sound
asleep again for a while the English caller
went out, saying . he might come back.
And then the bell rang again and a man
came in for Monsieur Poisson, whom the
concierge supposed to be the same, but
would i.ot have been absolutely certain
(as he was very tired and sleepy) if he
had not asked and the man had ad
mitted it.
Noel had demanded. In denying the
So far I bad gone without once realizing
what it would be to come suddenly face
to face with Noel in circumstances so ter
ribly changed, or what his opinion of me
and my motives would be for coming to
him without being asked, now that we
were not even friends.
But all the terror of it came over me
while I waited In an ugly little bare re
ception-room, and every nerve and vein in
my whole body was throbbing, so that I
couldn't make up my mind what I meant
to Bay.
While I sat waiting— a perfect mass of
electric wires— there was a sound of foot
steps outside the door, and when It opened
there stood Noel himself, with two men in
uniform. One of them came in with him—
I suppose he must have been the warder—
and he stopped near the door of the room,
which was so small that everything one
said in an ordinary tone of voice could
be heard from one end to the other.
I sprang up. from the chair In which I
had been sitting and began to talk as
quickly as I could, for there was a
strange look in Noel's eyes which pierced
my heart, and I did not know What he
might say before he understood my posi
tion. .
"We were all so dreadfully sorry for
what has happened, Mr. Brent," I stam
mered, trying to be quite cool, like an
ordinary friend, though suddenly I loved
him more than I ever had, and could have
forgiven worse things ' than he had done
If only, only he had loved me, and riot
that other. "I couldn't help coming at
once, as I knew my father would wish
me to. fo 1 got permission to see you.
And— what I wanted to say is— at least
one, of, the, things— that I think the, lady
here in Paris, of whom we spoke at the
railway station in London : yesterday—
what ages ago!— might be able to: do
something to get you out of this position
| When there is anything new to improve your 2
• form you'll surely find it at the •
2 ' tTioricv B| S3.viriQ'* store *
jS firB Mr^*& ' ifli B~"* f\ "W^ ¦ £) 1 1 XT\ (~^ t^ W^k Smw A
9 i^?'"'s^B ' Si X^ M %JL a. m II ¦ W \^J I %J IBB gra TT
2 pMIS|Hp^Pifall;M^ tume; neither sight nor touch reveals * •
2 R : •'^HKB|Je|? > more an inspiration than an invention. •
I gBjik JOE ROSENBERG 2HL j
J Photographed from life without. AGENCY FOR LA VIDA CORSETS. njotoaraphed trnix Ilf. with. 2I sent her away— for It wculd not be
well that we should be seen together —
and when I had dressed for the street I
went out I had eaten nothing. But Ag
nes, who Is a tyrant, made me drink a
cup of soup while I waited for the car
riage.
That brave English girl, trusted me.
and I would not fall' her; but before my
promise was kept there wan something
else. to do— something else upon which de
pended far more than my life— Maxime's
honor, which I (deluding myself with the
thought It was for his sake) had dared to
risk. *
As I drove, having told my coachman to
take me to* the Foreign Office, thoughts,
plans, hopes and fears beat in my bruin,
like the fluttering wings of imprisoned
birds. , . • . .
How was I to make all right— If all
"there was a paper— or rather a parch
ment of some Importance to you, per
haps "
I darted at the girl and caught at her
wrist, hardly knowing what I did. "For
Heaven's sake," I gasped, "what do you
know of the parchment?"
"If I could get it for you "
"What, you would bargain still, at such
a moment? If you but guessed! Any
thing—ask anything you like for the
parchment. If it is yours to give, and you
shall have It."
"I ask ybu to tell the authorities that
Noel Brent was here last night from
twenty minutes past 12 until— until "
"Until half-past 1," I finished, thought
lessly; then I saw by the lightening of
her face that, young as she was, child
ishly innocent as she looked, she had all
along been cleverer, more self-controlled
than I in this matter, and had been lead
ing me on.
"You will tell the police that?"
"I must. If you will sell me the parch
ment at no less price. Yet, if I do what
you ask it will spoil my life. The man I
love will know, and he can never know
the real truth."
"Let me take him the diamonds and
say to him that Noel Brent and I found
them. That we were at your house last
night. That would be true, for I was at
the gate. I misjudged Noel as you say
your lover may misjudge you, but I see
more clearly now. And though I hadn't
quite given him a promise before we
quarreled, to make up to him for every
thing, I would marry him as soon as he
was free. It Is for you to help free him.
Have I made it easier for you to do
that?" ,
"A trifle," I said with a sigh. .'/I must
risk it Anything for the parchment, for
that may save me yet. Though how you
can possibly have got It into your pos
session I cannot imagine. Surely the po
lice must have searched their prisoner be
fore he "
"No. not before he had time to save It.
He hid it In the stove In the room where
the man was murdered. When I went to
him to-day— for I did go— he implored me
quickly in Italian to find and bring It to
you. And obi Mademoiselle de Nevers,
he did not bid me sell It to you for a
price. That was my thought. Yet you
have promised now. And— Noel would
not forgive me for this— I cannot let you
have what I have gone through so much
to get for nothing. It was awful— that
room— the horror of it— the stains of blood,
all the frightful disorder of . the death
struggle; everything as It had been ex
cept that the dead man lay there no long
er. I had to buy my way In; it cost me
a hundred pounds, which I had to borrow
until to-morrow; but that was nothing.
The terrible part was going Into the room.
I was not there five minutes, but it seem
ed an hour and there was the fear of be
ing caught, of having the parchment seiz
ed after I had unearthed It from among
the ashes. And the concierge waiting
outside the door, pale as death, his eyes
big and his great white face damp. Oh,
I have a right to set my own price upon
the parchment."
"I think that you have. You are a
brave girl and a loyal one," I said. "The
price I will pay. But trust me. For
Heaven's sake don't keep back the parch
ment until I have paid."
"I do trust you," she answered. "And
here Is the parchment." She whipped
from her pocket the treaty— for I was
sure of Its Identity at a glance— and put
it Into my hand. To feel it in my fingers
—to know It safe, after all I had suffered;
to know, too. what Its blessed safety yet
might mean for me. was almost too much
of joy. I trembled at the touch of the
folded parchment .
"Do you know what this Is, Miss Revel
stoke?" I asked.
"No," she said. "It was your property
or Noel's. Of course Z did not open It
I tried to brush and shake the ashes
away without that"
She said the words with such pretty dig
nity, such quaint primness, that I could
have broken Into a shriek of hysterical
laughter. She had tried to clean It— this
thing worth nothing, yet worth millions —
this Franco-Russian Treaty I I could
have kissed her. But Instead I was going
out to keep my word. Now that I had
the parchment In my hand, ashes and all,
I could do anything.
But the danger was not half over yet I
had the healing medicine In my grasp,
yet I dared not think how many a slip
might be between the cup and lip.
"If there were still another Inducement
to offer— to buy your help. If you will not
give It." continued Miss Revelstoke,
THE LAST HAND IN THE GREAT
GAME.
CHAPTER XIII.
The girl was shaking like a leaf, and at
my last words the tears sprang to her
eyes. She held out her hands to me.
"Thank you!" she exclaimed.
But I did not take the hands. "I do this
for him, not you," I said. "You have de
served little from me; but for the sake
of my loyal ' friend— your loyal lover— I
forgive you. And now I have done all I
can do. It is useless to ask more, for I
cannot do It. If you canfe to plead with
me. I am sorry that you must go away
My eyes were still reading hers— and
the language of changing red and white
on her cheeks. "And— did you believe that
we were lovers?" I demanded.
"That is neither here nor there. I "
"It is much. I will not let you go away
making that mistake. I am engaged to a
man whom I love more than ail the world
besides. I would die for him. And he
would kill me If he knew that Noel Brent
was with me last night, though the busi
ness we had together was all for ray
fiance's advantage. He would never be
lieve me. because he Is. a man; yet you
will believe It, because you are a woman —
and, I think now, the woman Noel Brent
loves."
Her color answered me. "Did he tell
you so V she stammered.
v"He told me that he loved a woman. I
begin to understand. Last night was not
the first time he had sacrificed himself
for his chlvalrle idea of honor. I owe you
nothing. Miss Revelstoke, and I believe
you to have done me an Injustice of the
sort women rarely forgive. But I owe
Noel Brent much, and as far as I can re
pay the debt I will. We have never been
more than friends; we were never less
to each other than when he came to me
last night He could not tell you why he
came, nor can I; but I at least have made
no promise, which, perhaps, he did; and
I will be Imprudent enough to admit to
you that his business with me was of a
political nature. More, he was sent from
your father's house— not by your father,
but by a colleague of his. Ask Sir Gor
don Revelstoke from me If that be not
the truth, and say I thought his daugh
ter might be trusted with. the secret since
it concerned the man who loved her." x
The girl raised her head proudly. "You
have nothing to fear from me as a rival.
Mademoiselle de Nevers," ehe said. "Mr.
Brent and I are friends no more."
"For your sake," she put In, "he is
brave and chivalrous. If you care for
him at all it Is for you to speak. It Is the
part of a true women."
I gazed at her steadily. "If I care." I
repeated. "I see now, It Is you who care
for him."
"It wasn't a question of daring," she re
plied* simply. "I thought of him more
than of you, perhaps; but I thought of
you, too. I knew that If It were I, no
matter how much harm I did to myself,
I would tell that he had been with me. I
couldn't let him suffer and keep silence
for anything in the world."
"There are reasons why I cannot well let
It be known that he was here last night,"
I said, "though the visit was entirely one
of business. Mr. Brent knows my reasons
and approves them; therefore he has re
mained silent."
Strength came to me again as If with
an electric shock of new vitality, and I
rose confronting her. "You would dare?"
I said.
My heart had been soft to her, for her
youth and beauty's sake, but now It hard
ened. Miss Revelstoke! This girl, then,
was the British Home Secretary's daugh
ter. I knew, through a friend, that she
had been told a story against me— a story
which was not true, and had believed It,
as butterflies of society are ready to be
lieve such stories of actresses.
"Is It possible that Mr. Brent has sent
you?" I coldly asked.
She did not answer Immediately. She
was looking at me with a strange expres
sion on her lovely face. Her eyes seemed
to question me. "I wanted very much to
see you." she said. I knew not If with
the purpose of evasion or whether she
had been too preoccupied with her own
thoughts to hear my words. "I— saw Mr.
Brent come to your house last night," she
went on with an effort, the blood rushing
up to her forehead. "It Is more honest to
admit that In the . beginning. I did not
dream of Bpylng upon— either of you. It
Just happened— It can't interest you to
know how. But when I had seen the
papers to-day, at first I wanted to 'tell
the police or somebody that he could not
have committed the murder at the time
it must have been done, because he was
in this house."
Ipanoff bowed, and, shuddering, I let
him kiss my hand under Henri's placid
eyes. When he had gone I. plunged the
polluted fingers into the water which fill
ed a bowl of roses, and had scarcely
dried them fiercely on my handkerchief
when Henri ushered in a girl whom I did
not know, yet felt that I had seen be
fore—a beautiful, tall girl. In a gray Eng
lish tailor-made traveling dress. There
was something so lovely and lovable
about her, so true a light in the great
long-lashed gray eyes under the shining
yellow-brown hair, that the Eight of her
was welcome to me. Her presence in the
room, after the agonizing scene I had
gone through, was like a breath of fresh
air when one has been half suffocated by
some noxious gas.
I was In no condition to give a conven
tional greeting to a guest. I had dropped
into my chair again in sheer exhaustion
as Ipanoff left the room, and I could not
rise, though I made a slight effort to do
so. "Forgive me," I panted. "I am not
well— I am not fit to see strangers. I
would not be rude. But I confess you
were admitted as an excuse to send away
a— troublesome person. I— If we have met
before ¦ " • *
"We met once or twice In London," she
broke In. In English, though I had ad
dressed her In French. "We never spoke
to each other. I am Miss Revelstoke, I
am— a friend of Mr. Brent's."
I will acknowledge to the police that I
blundered. I know what to say to save
you, and I will say It."
"I would kill myself sooner than break
with the Comte de Rlbaumont In such a
way," I said. "If— I am to give him up,
I must tell him with my own lips. This
I will do to-morrow. If I find that In the
meantime you have held your hand. You
have given me your ultimatum. This is
mine."
We looked at each other for a long mo
ment in silence. Then Ipanoff spoke.
"You swear to break with him. then?"
"If you have kept your bond."
"I will wait. I can ray no more than
that— I wait to test your word."
"It has never been broken."
"And afterward— when you are rid of
that— entanglement, you will be mine— at
last. To-morrow at this time I will come
back. But understand this— I shall know
whether you have kept the oath you have
sworn now."
As he finished old Henri appeared at the
door. "Mademoiselle, a young lady to
see you," he announced.- "She would not
give her name, but eald her business was
of Importance."
My lips opened to answer that the lady,
whoever she was, must go away without
seeing me; but I checked myself In time.
Here was a method of ridding myself of
Ipanoff. "Her business is of importance,"
I echoed, as If I knew who my visitor
was. '"When you have shown Count Ipan
off to the door you may bring the lady
In."
"I am not afraid of you— for myself." I
gasped. "And— there is nothing against
him. He has done nothing— yet some plot
of yours may make him seem guilty. And
—and until I can explain to him I would
not have Maxime hear my name coupled
with that of Noel Brent. Give me till to
morrow to decide. To-morrow, at this
time. Do nothing till then. It Is not
long."
"No." answered Ipanoff. "I must have
my answer now. I have been patient long
enough. Give me a ring from your hand
and a letter to take to De Ribaumont
and not only will I bald my hand against
him. but my. Influence shall be used to
keep your name out of this murder case.
I can do what I promise, for It was
through me that the commissary of po
lice caught you with Brent at his hotel.
"That remains to be seen. And even so,
he may have been tricked by a woman.
Choose. Juliette. Shall he curse you as a
traitress (If, as you say, he Is a true
man), will you doom him to wear out his
life on Devils Island or some such place,
or will you let him believe you merely
fickle? You can never be his wife. Will
you be mine, and save yourself and
him?"
"Yet you Intimate that Monsieur Du
l>!e«*ls has within the hour betrayed the
confidence of his client."
"Not at all. I called upon him as soon
at I learned what had happened and ex-
Pies^ed myself as extreme^ interested in
the fate of that client, whose Intimate
friends were ray friends. I even offered
to serve him in any way consistent with
ray position. Certainly. If I had not
formerly acquired a good amount of ln
..uence with Monsieur Duplessls he might
rot have trusted me even eo far as he
did. But he told me nothlnjr that could b»
u?<-d to Injure the accused man. even if
my Intentions were malevolent, as my
presence here would prove that they are
r.rt— rather the contrary."
"I do not read the proofs that way." 1
sneered. "But you have called here to tell
rr.e certain things. It will save time— will
<t not?— to come to the point."
"In a word. then, the point is this: One
of the most important questions asked by
the Juge d'Instructlon. after hearing
'rom Mnr.ftleur Brent an explanation of
a letter found upon him by the police —
ah. you start! The thought of a docu
ment being found upon the prisoner Is
nnt arreenble to you?"
I braced myself desperately to self-con
trol under the cruel fox-eyes which
watched me hungrily. "It may be that
Mr. Brent had a letter from me," I an
swered. "It is never agreeable to have
one's name bandied about among stran
gers, even If one Is— an actress."
"Ah. only a letter! B»t the public Is
your slave, it would forgive you any
Indiscretion, especially If the romance of
the situation Is to be Intensified by an
other avowal ruch as was made to the
commissary of police last night. There
would be few%xceptlon«': yet there might
be one or two. Comte de Rlbaurribnt, for
Instance. He !¦ eald not to be of a for
giving disposition."
I Cinched under this blow, but I trust
not visibly. "You Interrupted yourself In
speaking of the scene with the Juge d'In
structlon," I remarked. Icily.
"To be sure — since that Interests you
more. The Important question which the
Juge d'Instructlon sprang upon the ac
cused murderer was In relation to a let
ter found upon him. It was In English.
ill-spelt, and made an appointment at the
very address where the crime was com
mitted. It was. In fact, a reauest from
a person styling himself a Jeweler's as
sistant or messenger, for the receiver of
the letter to call and return a case con
taining valuable jewels committed while
traveling from London In very eccentric
fashion to his care— Indeed, without his
knowledge, another packet being ex
changed for it— if I make my meaning
clear. Monsieur Brent explained this let
ter to the Juge d'Instruction by the sen
sational rtatement that his pocket had
been picked In the train of a letter-case
containing papers entirely personal, *>f no
value to any one but himself.
" "What was In the case which the mur
dered man slipped into your pockotr
asked the Juge d'Instructlon.
" 'A necklace,' answered Monsieur
Brent.
" 'A necklace of diamonds?
" They looked like diamonds.'
" 'Ah' Was this the necklace which
you gave to Mile, de Nevers at the Elysee
Palace Hotel last night?' was the nexi
question fiung suddenly at Monsler
"Am I to hear from your lips what fol
lowed according to your informant?"
Monsieur Brtnt attempted to convince
the Juge d'Instruction that, if he had
brought you a present. It had no connsc
ticn whatever with the case in hand.
'Are you not Mile, de Nevers 1 lover?' de
manded the Juge d'Instruction. 'I ad
mire her m common with thousands of
others.' was the answer. And now. ma<l
ensoiselle. do yon understand what there
Is In these questions and answers whlcu
I have repeated to bring me here to
you?"
"No. I do not," I returned steadily. Yet
I did begin to see what might be In that
scheming mind of his.
"Then I must speak dearly and, above
all. frankly. Comte de Ribaumont Is your
lover. You hope, perhaps, to marry him.
But he Is a proud man. He will have all
or nothing; and he would never take fcr
bis wife a woman who accepted diamond*
from another, boldly avowing them the
gift of love."
"He would not believe It of a woman
he loved!" I cried, almost repeating my
words of last night— as I remembered in
uttering them now.
"I know a way to make him. believe.
Oh. I shall not tell him! He shall see all
that passed between Monsieur Brent and
the Juge d'Instructlon In writing un
less^—"
"Unless whatT"
"Unless you give him vp and put In his
place a man who adores you as he never
has and never will— as no other man
can."
I sprang from my chair as Ipanoff flung
me his ultimatum, and he also leaped to
his feet. Would that the lightning in my
eyes could have burnt his black heart!
••Tigress!" he exclaimed, under my look.
"Beautiful tigress. You cannot kill me
with your eyes. Would your Count de
Rlbaumont love you If he knew you for
wfcat you are? Yet I— I would love you
if you were a murderess Instead of a
spy." J
"It Is yon who are a spy!" I panted.
"Then, If I am, I have not spied in vain.
Not only can I rein you with Rlbaumont,
but I *•*" ruin him with the world.".
"No— no!" I barely articulated. "You
boast of what you cannot perform."
"Not at the moment, perhaps. I had^
not proof enough at first of what I sus^
pected; but this affair of Brent has
played zny game. Its complications are
links for my chain. In one way be was
distinctly unfortonate. Dubols, the detec
tive, was the very man I had sent to
England to watch the Foreign Secretary
for a certain reason. He followed Brent
to Paris en suspicion, and It was while he
was actually preparing a report for me
that Brent called to engage him In his
own affair. ? strange coincidence, was It
not?"
"Nothing will be missing," I breathed.
"Maxime de Rlbaaxnont U a man of
honor.
For a moment Maxime spoke In a low
voice with a young man at the door., Then
Instinctively my fingers tightened on
the scrap of paper. I drew back hastily.
Maxime pushed the door of the safe, shut
and locked It, and when' he called "En
trez!" I was at the other end of the
room In a chair meant for visitors. My
bag in which I had brought the treaty)
was open, and I had In my hand a tiny
mirror, before which I was adjusting my
hair with a confused and coquettish look.
This It Is to have been an actress half
one's life!
"Give It to m© then."
"Ah! but that is not what I want to
do. Oh! Maxime, be kind to me. Give
me my own way, just this once, to atone
for last night. It ¦will atone. Let me
put the note I have written for you In
your safe, among the great and Import
ant state documents which you gave me
a peep at the other day. Mine Is as im
portant as they, I promise you; but I
shall not believe you think it so unless
you let me lay it there, not to be read
until I have left you."
• "Is the news good or bad?" he demand
ed. "Jf it is bad. I will not wait in sus
pense. I will hear It now from you."
"It Is good v " I said.
"Then It can wait, for I have you now —
that is enough of good at one time."
"But it cannot wait to be put in the
post-box," I cried, pushing him away
when he would have taken me In his
arms, and laughing nervously. "Am I to
have my way?"
"There need be no great difficulty in
that," laughed Maxime, "since you are
you. and I know that I could trust you
with my soul." ~
Oh, how the words hurt— though I loved
him for them I
He opened the safe from which I had
stolen the treaty with a quickness which
would have seemed to him— If he had
known— sleight of hand. But now I was
trembling all over and terribly afraid of
bungling at the last. His loving eyes hurt
my face. I laid one' band over them.
"Don't look at me like that," X whispered,
"or I shall tell you and spoil my plan."
With my palm softly pressing down his
eyelids, as he held open the door of the
safe, I kissed him full upon his lips with
a long, long kiss. And kissing him I laid
the treaty where I had found it. So great
was the relief when It left my fingers that
I could have fallen Into weeping. But I
only sighed as I kissed my lover, and
was In the act of dropping the twice
folded note I had written in the carriage
Into the safe, where Maxime would be
sure to see it, when there was a knock at
the door. -^V V;
"It was only to say that I have no news
of the necklace, though I have done all
that I can. I do not deserve to see you
after my hateful conduct last night and
my brutal carelessness, which is costing
us both so much. Yet I was going to ask
If I might come to you after the theater
to-night. 6hall I send your telegram for
you, and then we can go to the office,
since you are so good, so exquisitely for
giving?"
Send the telegram! Lightning shot
through me at the thought, yet I forced a
6mile. "No, I thank you, dear one," I
said quietly, "since it concerns a surprise
for you, I do not wish to have It spoiled."
(Which was true, If ever I spoke the
truth.) - *
I drove him back to the Foreign Office
— lt;was not five minutes' drive— and for
tunately because! looked pale and my
eyes showed sleeplessness, Maxime for
got In his loving anxiety for my well
being to ask what brought me to him.
I wished to leave the explanation until
we had arrived, t*-at I might try my
plan.
As soon as we were In Maxime's office,
and alone together, I said: "Have you no
curiosity as to why I came?"
"I hoped it was because you longed to
see me a hundredth part as much, per
haps, as I to see you," he answered.
"It was partly that, and partly some
thing else," I returned, smiling at him
with eyes full of love and longing— long-
Ing for the happy calm which might be
ours after storms If only— only all went
well within the next hour. "I have news
for you," I went on. "I want you to
learn it In a certain way, not from my
lips, but from something I have written."
"You have written me a letter?" he
asked.
"A very little one,"
"I went to you at the office," I said,
my voice trembling a little. "You were
not there, so I came to send a wire. Now,
if you will, we can go back together.
You shall tell me what you were mean-
Ing to telegraph. That will be better."
I dreaded to learn my fate. "Was the
Comte de Rlbaumont In?" I asked. He
was not— and down went my heart. But
he was expected back again, as he had
an appointment a little later. In ten min
utes, perhaps, he would return. There
was still hope for to-day, then!
I would not wait, but left word that I
also in ten minutes would be back for a
word with the Comte de Ribaumont.
There was another card now to be
played, since the ace must wait. I drove
to the nearest telegraph office, and had
written out the message which I wished
to send, when a voice well known and
loved spoke close behind me.
•'Juliette!" exclaimed Maxime. "I had
Just come to 'telegraph to you. And now
I find you!"
I turned with a start, laying my hand
over the telegraph form on which Count
Ipanoff's name and address were written,
also these words: "I have changed my
mind. You need wait no longer. All
stands as before. Do what you choose.—
J. de N."
My purse has a notebook attachment,
with a tiny gold pencil held by a ribbon
loop. I wrote a few lines— shakily, as the
wheels traveled fast—tore out the leaf,
folded into a tiny square, and slipped It
Into my glove. Three minutes later my
carriage drew up before the Foreign Of
fice.
Suddenly, however, an Inspiration came
to roe— a plan by which I might Induce
Mm to unlock the safe door for me.
The fear of finding him gone was so
absorbing that I could scarcely collect
my thoughts; but I must think, and
clearly.
I had got the treaty in the first place
by a ruse; but what excuse could I make
to-day to wheedle Maxime again Into
opening the safe from which I purloined
It? Even a lover would scarcely be so
good-naturedly reckless of his trust for a
second time.
could yet be right? Could I cave him—
and myself for him?
I had in my hand the ace of trumps
for that desperate game in which I had
staked Maxime's honor and my happi
ness. Miss Revelstoke held another high
trump for me (strange that they should
both come back through her!), but all
the other trumps, and many a good card
besides, were still the enemy's. Every
thing depended now on, the way the next
hand was played, and it was I who must
lay down the first card.
I had ordered my coachman to drive
fast, for if I missed Maxime It would be
too late to replace the treaty In the safe
to-day, while who could tell what to
morrow might bring forth? and I might,
too, easily miss him at this hour. It was
but a chance that he/ might still be at
the office.
"Not even to get back the Jewels, whose
loss was the beginning of all our misfor
tune. Noel Brent would not wish me to
sacrifice myself. His silence shows that—
and It shall not have been in vain. He
must be saved without me."
"Something— yes."
•Then you know, perhaps, that It Is of
great value. Can you give him informa
tion which would help him to find it?"
"I might give you the Information. But
for a reward. A finder Is always entitled
to a reward. That which I ask for Is
your promise to save Noel Brent."
"I tell you I cannot," I cried. "You—
surely you do not demand a bribe?"
"A reward. I know where the thing Is
which was lost and to-morrow it can be
In your hands, if you will do what I Im
plore. Tell the police that Noel Brent
was here at the time when the doctors
esy the murder was without doubt com
mitted."
disappointed. But I am tired and 111. It
would be better for us both to part now."
"I came for more than to plead," the
girl persisted. "That was only the begin
ning. I won't keep you long. But there
are two things I must say before I go.
You yourself would wish it. For one—
that photograph In the frame of brilliants
—Is it a friend of yours V *
She was pointing to a photograph of
Maxima which stood on my writing desk.
"Yes," I answered— for I saw no reason
to hide the truth from her. "A deer
friend. One for whom— If necessary— I
would sacrifice all others."
"Pardon me for asking," said Miss Rev
elstoke. "It was because he lost some
thing last night." -
"And you know something of it?" I
caught her up quickly, taking a step to
ward her.
As he clasped me the world outside
faded away. I forgot that I had been
all my life a woman who dared. Z was
now— I am now— only a woman who loves,
and has more than she deserves.
(THE END.)
"I have listened to Ipanoff for the last
time," said Maxime. "That dogl He
had better not speak evil of you!"
"I hope he will see that It is useless,"
I answered. "I am so tired of storms. I
want love— and peace— and you."
"You shall have all— and for always."
said Maxime.
But the necklace " I breathed. "You
will be glad to have It again? A lovely
girl will give It to you to-morrow. 8he
Is to marry my old friend Noel Brent
who Is accused of murder here in Paris.
She was here last night, and her lover,
too; they found the necklace which Noel
Brent himself had got back from the
thief, who was murdered, but not by
him. She will explain: I could not have
told you. as It was not a conventional
proceeding for her. No one knows but
myself, and now you and one other,
Ipanoff- If he ever tries to make you
believe lies of me and Noel Brent, you
will understand now how little truth
there Is In them, since he adores another
woman, almost— but not Quite— as I
adore you."
The traitor Ipanoff had managed that
trick somehow. He must have meant all
along to win over my promise and de
ceive me. ruining Maxime; though he
would have vowed. If anything in the safe
had been missing and Maxime disgraced,
that he had had nothing to do with it.
The fear of the terrible man, who had so
nearly checkmated me, came over me
again.
"You mean that, thank heaYeo. you
were too late, don't you?" he corrected
me. He was thinking of the note; I was
thinking of something elsel But when I
heard his Innocent remark I gratefully
assented.
"Thank heaven that I was not too later*
I had cried out before I knew what I was
saying.
"That tiresome fallow who parted ns!"
he exclaimed, when I was In his arms.
"He was gone In fifteen minutes. But—
it Is Just as well you were prevented from
putting your precious little note about the
finding of the necklace Into the safe ac
cording to your whim, for the man came
with an order from the President to copy
a cltCuse In the Franco-Russian treaty,
which is kept there. It would have been
rather awkward when I opened the safe
to take out the treaty If your note had
tumbled out. It wouldn't have looked
exactly official r*
this Comte de Ribaumont was announced.
I was obliged to force Mr. BTent to con
ceal himself In my boudoir, which he re
luctantly did; and I can prove to you by
one of my servants, if you do not care
to take my word alone, that he was not
able to escape until nearly half-past 1. He
could not have called twice in the Rue
de la Tour, as the papers say that the
concierge believed, for he was in my bou
doir. How he found the address of the
man he suspected as the thief I cannot
tell you "
"We already know that. It was through
a letter."
"Ah!" (I made the exclamation Inno
cently as if I did not remember all I had
heard from Count Ipanoff.) "Now, you
see why he went to the house. It was to
get my letters which he hoped to find
there. And you see also why he has kept
my name out of the affair, refusing to
compromise me even to save himself great
trouble, perhaps danger. How could he
ruin my happiness when he knew that 1
had lied to the Comte de Rlbaumont. say
ing: that I was alone?"
"It see. And I applaud his chivalry."
said the chief of police.
"You are the man to understand it.
Now that I have humiliated myself, will
he be released? It is clear— Is It not?
that the murder must have been dom.
long before the time when he could have
reached the Rue de la Tour after leaving
my house at 1:30."
"That is clear. There are still certain
formalities to be gone through before the
accused man can be released; but I may
as well Inform you, dear mademoiselle,
that not ten minutes before you came in
I received news of the arrest of two men
— one an Englishman— who are believed to
be concerned in this strange affair. They
certainly traveled with the murdered man
from England yesterday, and a friend of
his named Poisson, Just returned from
Marseilles (It was In Poisson's room the
murder was committed), haj given Infor
mation regarding these two persons and
their late association as partners with the
deceased, which throws grave suspicion
on them. If the man Jackson who has
been murdered stole the necklace you
speak of from the Comte de Rlbaumont.
with this pair as his accomplices, and
afterward endeavored to cheat them out
of their share of the booty a motive for
the crime Is easily evident. You have
helped Monsieur Brent bravely. Made
moiselle de Nevers, and I hope that In a
day or two he himself may be able to
thank you. You have supplied all the
missing links."
"I am glad— glad!" I exclaimed. "And
must I suffer for what I have done for
him with the man I love?"
"No. dear mademoiselle; I will see that
you do not. The Comte de Rlbaumont
need never know the circumstances as
you have to!d them to me. or that the
Englishman's alibi has been proved by
you. The arrest of these others will
make It easy for the police to keep the
secret. Now, will that assurance render
your heart lighter on the stage to-night?"
"You shall see, if you will accept a
box," I said. And I let him press my
hand. Then I drove home. Hardly had I
reached there when Maxime came.
"He came under another name."
"Because, It arrears, he Is engaged to
be married also within the last few days,
and wished to keep his meeting with me
a 6ecret- I only learned that last night."
"He came to you after calling at the
house of the British Home Secretary In
London. He was seen to enter there by
a private detective, and though he cer
tainly was not seen coming out, he must
have done so, as he was In Paris in the
evening."
"But It Is to the daughter of the British
Home Secretary that he Is engaged; and
Bhe, too, is in Parts now. She came, I
think, a little later, and with friends, so
that the situation was dangerous for him.
You say you know what happened at the
hotel, but I will explain the Inner mean
ing of It. Mr. Brent was to have
brought me my letters. He gave me a
letter case, saying they were In it; at
that instant the lights went out. whether
by design or accident I don't know."
"It was not design on the part of the
police," the chief interrupted. "It hap
pened, it appears, all over the % hoteL"
"When the case was opened by the
commissary of police, and I saw the dia
monds, I was much surprised; the more
so as they had been stolen from the
Comte Rlbaumont a few days ago. Again
I confide In you as a man of honor. They
were the property of a dear friend, an
elderly lady well known In Paris, who Is
an inveterate gambler, but a charming
woman.
"She dared not tell her husband of her
losses, but begged Maxime to sell the
jewels for her In Amsterdam and have
them replaced with paste. On his way
there to carry out this mission the neck
lace was stolen from him. You can Im
agine his state of mind and my surprise
on seeing It reappear In io extraordinary
a way. I believed that somehow Noel
Brent had recovered It; and it wu only
to keep my letters (which I had not yet
received) out of the affair, and also the
Comte de Rlbaumont's name In connec
tion with the diamonds, that I told the
commissary of i police that the necklace
was a gift from my lover. The Instant I
had spoken the words I regretted them,
for fear of consequences, but lt.wu then
too late. '
"When the police had gone I asked Mr.
Brent for my letters. He said he thought
he had given them to me; and he knew
no more of the diamonds than I did— far
less, indeed.
"I was In despair at discovering . that
my letters were gone, though I was
thankful, for the Comte de Rlbaumont's
sake, to have the necklace, which since
I have given to ~*m. Mr. Brent believed
that the letters must have been stolen
from him In the train, though he could
not account for the presence of the jewels
in his pocket: but as he suspected a man
who had traveled with him, he determined
to try and find him, promising to bring
news to my house after the theater at 12
o'clock.
"He came a little later, having been de
tained with friends at the hotel till mid
night. One of these friends was Miss
Revelstoke. He had employed a private
detective named Dubols, but had learned
nothing yet and, while he was telling me
"In England I had what might be called
a slight flirtation with Noel Brent, who la
popular In society. We exchanged letters,
which were a little foolish— nothing more.
Yet when I became engaged to the Comte
de Rlbaumont, only a short time ago (It
was to have remained a secret until next
year, on account of my professional en
gagement), I was distressed that such let
ters should be In another man's posses
sion. I would not be satisfied with being
told that they were burnt, at my request.
I wrote and asked Mr. Brent to bring me
the letters and I would meet him at the
Elysee Palace Hotel to take them from
him."
"You say he could not possibly have
committed It, dear mademoiselle T' smiled
the chief. "You are a stanch partisan."
"But Mr. Brent was at my house when
the murder was committed." I said quick
ly, it Is hard for me to come and tell
you this, because If the Comte de Rlbau
mont, to whom I am engaged, should
come to know it, he would not easily for
give me. Monsieur Blanchard. if I tell
you the whole truth frankly, cannot you
save me from exposure, yet at the same
time free the man whose Innocence I can
prove to you? It would kill me to break
with the Comte de Rlbaumont,"
"Dear mademoiselle, trust me to do the
best for you." said the chief, moved al
ready, as I could see, by the tears In my
eyes and the touch of my hand on bis
arm. "You have been frank. I will be
equally so. I should have communicated
with you on the subject of the accused
Eugllshman, as I was aware of what took
place between you at the hotel, but I re
ceived a reauest from a very high quar
ter Indeed to hold my hand for the mo
ment. How comes It, If you are engaged
to the Comte de Ribaumont, that you
made the statement you did at the Elysee
Palace concerning this Monsieur Brent?"
"It Is that which I have come to tell
you— that, and much besides," I answer
ed. "I'll throw myself upon your mercy.
\ou shall have all my confidence:
A gallant man is the chief of police I
His first words to me were In congratu
lation upon my success It the new play
last night. This gave me the cue I
wished for. It was well. I said, that I
had not to act the part for the first
time to-night, or I should fear to dis
grace myself, so much anxiety had I
suffered since seeing the papers and
reading what had happened to a friend
of mine who was accused of a murder
which he could not possibly have com
mitted.
My brain was clearer now— now that
the treaty was In the safe at the Foreign
Office— and I could think. On my way
to the chief of police I devised a story
which should render one of the enemy's
trump cards useless. It would depart but
little from the truth; and, thanks to the
revelations made to me In malice by
Ipanoff, it would exactly fit In with the
tale which Noel Brent had told to the
Juge d'Instructlon. It would. In fact,
supplement his.
I was sure of an audience with the
chief of police, who Is a gentleman and
a patron of the theater— when he finds
time.
the young man went away, and In an In
stant returned to usher Into the room an
elderly, official-looking personage.
If only 1 could have escaped two min
utes sooner! But there was no actual In
discretion In my being here, with my car
riage waiting at the door. I rose, bade
Maxime adieu in a formal manner and
slipped Into his hand the note which I
had intended to put into the safe.
"At 7, then, Monsieur le Comte," I
added, as If I reminded him of an. ap
pointment; and I knew that he would
take it so. He would come to my house,
and I should see him for a few minutes
before leaving for the theater. Then I
.would tell him what I had hoped to tell
him now — about the beautiful English
girl who had called upon me— the fiancee
of my friend Noel Brent. That would
pave the way for Miss Revelstoke, and
help me to make him believe in me If
Count Ipanoff tried to take such re
venge as lay still In his power.
Then I had to go— there was nothing
else for me to do. And at last I had
time to keep my promise to Miss Revel
stoke.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
AT>u k. A't'iRTTTW '^
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion*
.i-^ffS^ Has beea « uceets-
gf&t&iU&L. folly used *>7 lead.
XSr *W/*» la * actress**, sis*.
/jptgr &L * n * nd w »»a of
M6Ja flan f-thion for xaor*
Ugg •" than 23 year*.
VV? *«f I Whenver applltd
TT/ !t '* Instantly afc-
t-2 _/ *orb«d through tha
y pore* of th* skin,
sgr f and Its wonderful
/s \ nutrition feeds fh*
¦f X^ wasting tissues.
fe>K t5 Remoring PimpUa
vl»/^A-_ . A* If by raaglo. on*
*vTo5rr* Yn »pp 11 «*t~« ort*a
IL_j?>V_^c3' »nowln«T a ramark-
* **t v t>*T Yi *ble lmpro— acocnt.
DR. CHARLE3 FLESH FOOD Is poittlv-ly
the only preparation known to medical aclenc*
that will round out hollow* la th* n«ck an 1
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeks, arms
and bands. ______
FOR DEVELOPING THE BTJ&T
Or breasts shrunken from nurslnjt it ha* th*
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boze*
ia often sufficient to mak* th* bast firm.
large and beautiful.
BOLD BT THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box. bat to all who
take advantage ot this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us on* dollar we will send two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
FnFP — ¦*¦ sample box sad oar book.
K Lj I- "ART OF MASSAGE." roily Il-
lustrated, will b* sent fre* to any<Udy **ad-
lns 10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Addrea*
Da. C11SXX3 CO- 19 Fsrk Km*, Krr Tsrx.THE SUNDAY CALL.
6
TRIALS OF THE
WOMAN
WHO WORKS
By Kate Thyson Marr.
This Is the First of a Series of These Famous Letters,
Which Have Created a Tremendous Sensation Both ,
in America and Europe, to Be Printed in
the Sunday Call. The Second,
Next Sunday, Will Be
* / #.n* *— \r* %w n %m (L- A \jF M MQ ' * ' •
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY
CENTER
By S. E. Kiser.
PwniBMBm E hear an awful lot of talk about \
¦ SFSP^&r^Sfl l^ c sc tt~ assert » v< ?h css °f the woman \
Ifc2i S^uS/ExE wJl ° ' vvor^ s ' * >ut * confess that in my
IliviU^ ui^*H o P' n i° n £ he ' s often more sinned <
l*r^^J$rt.l course, there are all sorts and |
1 ficSs's^iSia H kinds of people, but women who .
IkanBBBUKaal ' iave had to learn in a measure the
lesson of self-control are apt to be re-'
flcctors of the treatment they receive. !
About the hardest lot that can befall one woman js the 1
necessity of having to work for another, and this is the >
rtason that servants so frequently rebel. A woman is more *
petty, enters more into details and will make fewer allow- '
auces for another than will a man. Besides, while a man
ir.ay swear and get so mad that he can hardly contain him
self, yet his bluster will blow over and a woman can laugh
at it and his exhibitions of temper, while the cool, in
cisive jab of another woman would set her wild. If you
let a man alone, giving him time to blow off his pent-up
tteam, he will simmer and sizzle down most beautifully, but
rot so a woman; she wiil keep it up and chew the rag for
cays at a dead stretch. '
A man will get mad and say a lot of real bad words, but
he nvill not become personal, while a woman will reap up
all that she knows, good, bad or doubtful, that another wo
man ever did or did not do from her cradle up.
One very funny case, where a man whose business makes \
him rather dependent on his stenographer, has a little way '
of discharging her every time that he gets ruffled. The
next morning she as regularly appears at her desk and tells,
rum that she will only stay until he finds some one to take
her place. He blusters and tells her that he won't have
her around, when the fact is that he would be at a dreadful '
loss were she to take him seriously.
On one occasion she did absent herself for several days,
when he took a carriage and went after her himself. Wo
man-like, she forced him to gulp down huge lumps of hum
ble pie before she consented to return. '
Now, under such circumstances, a woman would act so
petty telling the other about seventeen times a day that
she "was glad enough to get back" that the position would '
be unbearable; while this girl has sense enough to know 1
that she has sized him up most perfectly and understands
him so well that it would be a hard matter for him to re
place her. Then, too, a woman hates to make a change
after she has once been broken in to a man's ways.
The most pitiful woman among those forced to earn a
livelihood are the women who havc seen better days. t
Such women are, as a rule.^-ery helpless until misfortune >
develops them; meanwhile it is a bitter task to become as- ]
similated to surroundings. The lesson is a hard one to '
learn, and is taken to heart through a pathway of tears. \
People seem to resent the intrusion of a refined woman t
who seeks work, and such a one is treated with a coldness >
amounting to incivility. ]
A refined woman who finds herself suddenly confronted '
with the problem of self-support merits all the graciousness \
that good breeding accords, and yet she seldom receives it.
Rich women dislike dealing with such a one, giving the <
excuse that it is embarrassing to give orders to one whom (
they cannot but acknowledge an equal both by birth and |
breeding. This may be very true, as there can be no ques- ,
tion that the employed is often far superior to the employer,
which should be to her credit, but it surely is never to her'
advantage. Let such a one try to make use of any accora- I
plishment or skill in certain lines, and the richer the woman \
patron the meaner is she apt to be when it comes to the,
question of compensation.
Many of us have heard women abundantly blessed with '
this world's goods unblushingly boast of the pittance paid (
for some exquisite piece of workmanship done by the wo- \
man who must rely upon her skill for a living, and the cold- <
blooded manner in which a woman tells laughingly of such ]
bargains is little less than shame. '
Women work either through necessity or the love of in- 1
dependence, but a woman of refinement would never work!
for other women unless it were a question of direst ncces- 1
tity.
When I hear women discussing the incivility of shopl
girls I am constrained to think that if they would stand for (
an hour or so at a shop counter and listen to the arrogant /
rudeness of shoppers and note the total absence of consid- ]
eration, thcy would feel sorry for the girl rather than for'
the shoppers. If one approaches one of these tired standing <
women, who are not allowed to sit down during the hours {
cf labor, politely and with a smile, they are very apt to be i
met with an answering smile. *
If you have a penchant for studying character, watch one^
of these girl's faces as women file up to be waited on. {
One woman approaches with a supercilious hard-cash air {
and gives her order as if afraid of microbes or some other |
dark and yellow contagion. The girl is polite and obliging. !
Then there looms in sight another who perhaps is equally'
well groomed, but wears a pleasant smile with her good <
clothes, and immediately the girl's face is transfigured. The \
las* woman sits at the counter, leans over, and while the girl t
displays samples of her wares she tells her some pleasing ;
anecdote, and the girl looks perfectly happy, as if an electric {
light had been turned on beyond the wall of her face and<
shone through it.
Now, I do not think it lessens a woman's dignity, no
matter who or what she may be, or how much cold cash
she may command, to be pleasant to these tired little
women, who earn more than they will ever get this side
of heaven. Many of them are little less than angels, or
they would not be able to cope with the purse-proud, dis
agreeable women who file in with their noses in the air as
if sniffing an abattoir rather than seeking pretty things in
a busy mart
And the newspaper woman. Let us pray for her.
At a recent large public function my chojer was aroused
by the rude snubbing of some women anent the pretty little '
representative of a local paper. She timidly approached'
seme ladies in quest of names and descriptions of the hand- \
some gowns -worn. Being a stranger myself, it was im- ,
possible to assist her, but the rudeness of one woman
aroused me to champion her at all hazards.
"Don't bother with her," said one matron who figures '
largely in philanthropic schemes.
, "Look here," I put in, "that child has her living to make 1
and she must turn in her story to-night before the morning
paper goes to press. If she does not get it she will probably
lose her job."
The woman seemed rather ashamed then of her rude-'
ness and called the girl back, treating her very graciously,!
and she got her story all right.
Now, while newspaper work is very fascinatin< in the
main, yet the reporter of the lociety column often has a
pretty hard time of it. When sent out she must get her 1
story, and if she does not the editor will tell her very plainly 1
that if she cannot he must find some one who can. Conse
quently she is entirely dependent on the courtesy and good
breeding of the ladies for information that she must obtain.
If she is refined she is often hurt to the quick and snubbed'
by women who cannot hold a candle to her either, in brains 1
or breeding, and her very culture . makes her more sensitive
to slights. It is a very trifling matter for a society matron
to treat such a one with courtesy when she is often glad
enough to race after the editor, begging for notice to ad- 1
vertise her pet schemes. She would feel highly indignant 1
xtere she refused, yet she will try to snub the girl who rep
resents his paper. Unless one has known society people so
cially, the lot of the society reporter is not enviable by
any means. . - ...
-- - ¦ - HE remarkable fact has just been
&7!D C^teS notc^ that within a short time two
Wf/n f?0^1 great missionary organizations whose
Hi IN If Ib9 operations cover the whole of the
|k\\l] WJMi Unit . cd . States have selected as their
K»So L^hIh administrative heads men over 60 years
KSg>» fairaBqjfl of age. The action has caused sur
—-¦ prise in some quarters, because the
modern business world, and especially
the modern ecclesiastical world, does not appear to have
a surplus of remunerative positions for men who have
passed the three-score milestone. In my judgment, 'one
great reason why they were selected in . preference to;
many younger competitors is that they possess a cer
tain elasticity and sprightliness of spirit arid a great
fund of cheerfulness. It has shone in their faces for
many years and carried uplift to all who have come in
contact with them. In the language of the street, their
cheerfulness is a part of their stock in trade.
Once a week I go to a club where the young man in
charge of the coat room is a polite, capable, well appearing
fellow. But he carries about with him an atmosphere of
gloom from whose effects I do not recover for, several min
utes after my brief business with him. To my feeble at
tempts to open conversation he replies in monosyllables and
with averted gaze. I am confident that were I on a board
of directors considering his claims to promotion, I should
ask "Why in the world is he so desperately morose? Is.
not'this trait going to handicap him all his life?" .
Making due allowance for inherited and temperamental
tendencies, I nevertheless make bold to assert that cheer
fulness can be cultivated just as easily and' to just T as great
an extent as muscle- or memory. There is no event or inci
dent of life from which it is impossible to ' extract some!
reason for cheerfulness or hope. , Try the experiment to
morrow morning. See if : there cannot be put -a favorable
and an inspiring construction upon everything that- befalls
you, or at least upon nine-tenths of the matters that make
up the warp and woof of the day. If you can look at them
cheerfully, if you can interpret them in a way to make
yourself and those about you happier, then it is foolish, nay,
wicked, for you to see only the distressing elements in the
situation and to brood over them until all the joy and glory
have vanished from the day. . ¦
More than such an attitude as that, . I honor the cool
bravado of the man/ who, when things look bad. says satiri
cally to himself arid his friends, "Cheer up, fellows, the
worst is yet to come." Butv the. truth is in most cases the
worst is not to come; worse may have already come to
worst and from now on there is to be a turn in the tide. At
least that is" a good working hypothesis anyway, and it
may serve to keep a man steady and hopeful when he seems
to be altogether hemmed in. ;
.Deliver, me, however, from a mechanical kind of cheerful
ness. No automatic smile, no forced gayety can take the
place or accomplish the work of the inward joy. I remem
ber that on one of those rare occasions in my, life when I
visited the theater, the hero and the heroine in the play
had a temporary disagreement. They parted in high
drdgeon and. the. girl, after he left, went to the piano and
sang sobbingly a song whose refrain was "Oh. I am so
happy, I am so happy." The audience roared of course.
And the great discerning wc-ld will always see through the
person who puts -on a mask of cheerfulness. In the long
run he will deceive nobody but himself.
And I ambound to say in this "connection, not because I
am a parson," but; because I believe it with all my heart,
that theone great, source of unfeigned and abiding cheer
fulness is religion. -To believe that there is a God and that
He is near and fatherly and forgiving, that He holds our
lives and the lives of ;the whole human family in his own
wise and tender keeping,. and .that under, his guidance the
lives'of all of us may. move on to happy issues— how such a
faith begets and nourishes cheerfulness in a man. Phillips
Brooks once said to a great congregation in Trinity-Church.
Boston, "Oh, never "'despair of a world over, which God
rules." Blest indeed is he who in the "darkest night can
trust this power, for if he does cherish such" a trust, the
morning will find him with a smile on his face.
ULBERRY CENTER, June 291— Our
mmmmmmmmmu ¦ nq carpenters have went on a strike and
/L-j£-Sn *h e town seems a Rood deal like a fun
/tfj^kjJS* eral. I haven't been able to find out
IIIELHMlm exactly what's the matter with ths
I &*^T H boyS) but thcy havc my sympathy - Its
I (uLJLJsyj |B the fashion to always give people on a
strike your sympathy. Sometimes
other things would do them more
good, but sympathy's better than nothin', and if there's
anything that the average citizen who ain't neither one of
the downtrodden millions nor yet a member of the bloated
aristocracy has plenty of it's good, plain, old, everyday
sympathy.
Sometimes I can't hardly help wondering where us
common people that don't belong to unions and ain't mem
bers of any of the trusts get a show that's worth men
tionin*. When times are hard and prices a^ "cheap we're
s'posed to get out and whoop for the return of prosper
ity so the business interests can shove up the cost of
things. I don't blame the business interests for wantin'
high prices, mind you, ncr the laborin' men for askin' for
higher wages. That's all right so fur as they are con
cerned, but where do us people that stand between the cap
italists and the laborers come in? We don't get any more
money than we had when times was hard, and they make
us pay about three times as much for everything we cat
and wear and have done.
Still we're s'posed to yell for joy because the glad old
prosperous days are back again. And we do it without a
kick. When the tailors strike to have their share of the
prosperity, which they'd' never git if they just waited
around for capital to hand it to them, it's our duty to keep
from comolainin' if the two sides that's fightin* each other
over our heads happen to hit us a few good hard welts now
and then. We can't blame capital, because we all have
the good sense to realize that without the capitalists thU
country would be like a wheelbarrow without the whceL
So we respect the pusiness interests and stand up loy
ally for their protection. But at the same time we know
the laborer is worthy of his hire. If he didn't alwav* take
it into his head to go to the polls and vote every time there's
an election troin* on mebby we wouldn't think he was so
blamed worthy of his hire. But we must be careful to keen
his waees up while our party is in power or he'll vote for
the other side the next time. If we let him do that we
would be traitors to our glorious country, the land of the
free and the' home of the brave, where everybody but peo
ple who work for salaries and don't belong to unions or
combines stands a fair show.
So we must stand up for the protection of capital and
sympathize with labor. Uncle Mark can tell you how to
do itN Sometimes I can't hardly understand the way it
works. Capital always has to stand up for principle by
refusin' to grant labor's demands. Then labor strikes, and
after a long, hard fight that makes lots of trouble for a
good many people who are not to blame, labor gives in.
Sometimes it seems to me as though principle mizht have
been stood up for iust as well by lettin' the men have what
they wanted at the start. But of course us common plugs
of citizens that^stand between the two fighting classes
can't expect to see through these things. After capital has
fought till the stock of goods it had on hand is all eone
it gets ti'-ed standing up for principle and r_ises prices so
us peoole that do the buying will have to make uo what
was lost by the delay. The extra that the strikers eit in
wages is expected to be furnished by us, too, and it's
never expected in vain. - ; ;'
So we whoop for joy because the trouble is settled at
last and prosperity has come once more to the community,
and at the same time cuttin' ourselves down to a meal and
a half a day so the children won't need to eo naked. It's
terrible srlorious. We praise the ttrikers because they
struck for their rights, we stand up for capital because we
can't deny that it has the right to run its business to
suit itself, and we git clubbed from both sides and pre
tend we like it
Here is my brother-in-law, Joe Parker, gittin' a new
house built with money he's been savin' up for about
twenty-seven years. The strikers have struck, not because
they have anything 1 agin Joe, but a contractor over in one
of the adjoinin' counties didn't'treat his men right and a
general tie-up's been ordered to punish him. Toe ex
pected to eit into his new home next week and give uo the
house he'd been rentin'. If his place is finished by Christ
mas he'll be in luck. Between now and the time he can
move in he must take his family to some boardin* house
or hotel, so it'll cost him about four times what it would
to keen house. I met him yesterday and h« was lookin'
kind of blue.
"Joe." says I. "you must take 1 lensible rtcw of this
thing. There's no doubt in my- mind that the contractor
who started this trouble is a mighty mean man tnd de
serves what he's gettin'."
*t. " l u k ? O , w ,-, U -" s * J s .7? e * .•cratcbin' his head kind of
thoughtful like. "Still he am t helpm* to pay my board bilL
Sometimes I almost wish we didn't have strikes in this
country." u
• "Can it be possible,- I says, "that you are sidin' in with
the^ plutocrat against giyin* the workin'man his rights?"
"No. no." savs Toe, gettin' scared and lookin' around to
see if anybody-happened to hear us. "You know blamed
well that although I always vote to uphold the business in
terests of the country I am in favor of givin' the laborin'
man the highest wages in the history of our splendid re
public. Don't tell anybody I complained, because I don't
want to be looked down on as an enemy to the business
interests or the labor element of the community. That
contractor had to stand out" for principle, and of course it
would of been a fatal blow to labor if the men had sub
mitted to his terms. So I stand up for one side and ap
prove of what has been done by the other. Thank heaven
I am still a loval citizen ever ready to sympathize with the
downtrodden masses and demand that capital shall be fullv
protected." ; : ..._
ThereVonly one class of peoole in this country that
don t get any sympathy and can't command respect
That s us who are between the two fightin' elements and
have to take knocks from both sides. It shows what or
ganization will do. The other fellows are organized.
We am t. and that s what's the matter with us. If we had
a union or something for self-protection and the advance
ment of our own interests maybe they'd ask what we
thought of it once in a while before sroin* ahead and
dom things that rmke it disagreeable and costly for us-
What we need is hard times with low prices and our sal
aries and incomes left as they are. Here's what our
minister thinks about it:
The men below and the men tbova *
Fight on day after day, " _
And when they'll cease to knock and prod
No mortal man can say.
But it isn't the ones above who feel
The sharpest, keenest woes.
And it isn't the ones below who reel
From the hardest, heaviest blows.
Between the ones at war there stands
A great and patient horde
That gets it from both sides at once
How long, how long, O Lord?
" Yours for a fairer show."
CHEERFULNESS AS AN ASSET.
By "Tf)c Parson."
¦ i EAR PIERREPONT: Of course you're in no position yet to think of being en-
Jj™ 3 **!?! gaged even, and that's why I'm a little afraid that you may be planning to get mar
g r$|sv§ ried. But a twelve-dollar clerk, who owes fifty-two dollars for roses, needs a
I sUlP " keeper more than arvvife. I want to say right here that there always comes a time
J«Jj^*^^ to tke fellow who blows fifty-two dollars at a lick on roses when he thinks how
— LI - many staple groceries he could have bought with the money. After all, there's
no fool like a, young fool, because in the nature of things he's a long time to live.
I suppose I'm fanning the air when I ask you to be guided by my judgment in this matter,
because, while a young fellow will consult^ his father about buying a horse, he's cocksure of him
self when it comes to picking a wife. Marriages may be made in heaven, but most engagements are
made in the back parlor, with the gas so low that a fellow doesn't really get a square look at what
he's talking to. While a man doesn't see much of a girl's family when he's courting, he's apt to see a
good deal of it when he's housekeeping; and while he doesn't marry his wife's father, there's nothing
in the marriage vow to prevent the old man "from borrowing \money from him, and you can bet 'if
he's old Job Dashkam he'll do it. A man can't pick his own mother, but he can pick his son's
mother, and when he chooses a father-in-law who plays the bucket shops he needn't be surprised if
his own son plays the races. * f
Never marry a poor girl who's been raised like a rich one. She's simply traded the virtues of
the poor for the vices of the rich without going long on their good points. To marry for money or
to marry without money is a crime. There's no real objection to marrying a woman with a for
tune, but there is to marrying a fortune with a woman. Money, makes the mare go, and it makes
her cut up, too, unless she's used to it and you drive her with a snaffle bit."
While you are at it, there's nothing-like. picking out a good-looking wife, because even the
handsomest woman looks homely sometimes,? and f so -you .get, a Jittle variety; but a homely one can
only look worse than usual. Beauty is only skin deep, but that's deep enough to satisfy any reason
able man. (I want to say right here that to get any sense out of a proverb I usually find that I have
to turn it wrong side out.) Then, too, if a fellow's bound to marry a fool— and a lot of men have
to if they're going to hitch up into a well-matched team— there's nothing like picking a good-looking
one. .
I believe in short engagements and long marriages. I don't see any sense in a fellow's sitting
around on the mourner's bench with the sinners, after he's really got religion. The time to size up the
other side's strength is before the engagement. ) ¦
Some fellows propose to a girl before they know whether her front #nd her back hair match",
and then holler that they're stuck when they find that she's got a cork leg and a glass eye as well. I
haven't any sympathy with them.
They start out on the principle that married people Have only, one meal a day, and that of fried
oysters and tutti-frutti icecream after the theater. Naturally, a girl's got her better nature and her
best complexion along under those circumstances; but the really valuable thing to know is how she
approaches ham and eggs at 7 a. m., and whether she brings her complexion with her to the break
fast table. And these fellows make a girl believe they're going to spend all the time between 8 and ir
p. m., for the rest of their lives, holding a hundred and forty pounds, live weight, in their lap, and
saying that it feels like a feather. The thing to find out is whether, when one of them gets up to
holding a ten-pound baby in his arms for five minutes, he's going to carry on as if it weighed a ton.
MARRIAGE
From "X>tt*r« from a B«lf-M»d» Mer
chant to Hl« Son." by O«onr« Horao*
Lorlmer. By permission of Small, M&r
nard & Co., Publisher*, Boston, Masa.the • ample board ;: prepared ~l Jay
foreign cooks, the like of which the High-'
landers had never before tasted,' but the
trayed no surprise at" the splendid prepa
rations which had been made for his re
ception. "Many dainties were placed on
.. ¦¦ -¦¦-., ¦ ¦ - ¦
the courtiers. The : chief, calling to his
piper, commanded him instantly to com
pose a pibroch for the King, and that
ready musician, . swelling with pride,
marched . up and down and round and
round the great hall pouring forth a tri
umphal quickstep with many wonderful
flourishes and variations. Then at a
word' from the chief each man placed his
flagon on the table, whipped out his
sword, swung it overhead, to the amaze
ment of the courtiers, for It is not in ac
cord with etiquette to show cold steel to
the eyes of the King. Down came the
blades Instantly and together, each man
splitting in two the goblet he had drunk
from. . ¦ . .
".You must all come to Loch Tay,". cried
the. chief, "and I will show you a ban
queting hall In' honor of James V such
as - you'have never before seen." .Then
to the horror of the courtiers he suddenly
smote the King on the back with his open
palm and cried, "Jamie, my - lad' - you'll
come and visit me at Loch Tay?"
The smitten King laughed heartily and
; •;¦ "Yes, Finlay, I will."
; The next day the MacNabs set faces
toward the north on their long tramp
home. . ; . •
"What proud 'deevils' <they are!" said
Sir David Lyndsay to the King after the
company, had departed. "I have been
through the . MacNab country from : one
end of it to the other, and there is 'not
- a decent hut - on the hillside. let alone '. a
castle/ fit, , to -; entertain - a king, yet T the
chief glves> an invitation in _the. heat, of
wine and", when The. is sobered l he .is too
proud to admit that he cannot make good
the words he has uttered."
On the last night there was a banquet,
which was the best that Stirling could be
etow, in honor of the Clan MacNab. The
great hall was decorated with the colors
Cf the clan, and at the further end had
been painted the arms of the MacNab.
Five pipers of the King's court had
learned the "Salute to the Chief.", and
now, headed by . MacNab'a own. they
paced up and down the. long room, mak
ing It ring with their warlike, music. The
King and the chieftain came in together,
and as the latter 'took, his place at his
host's right hand bis impassive face be-
The captain of the guard brought the
chief his sword and would have presented
it to him, but the King himself arose and
took the weapon in his own hand, tender
ing it to Its owner. The chieftain accepted
the sword and rested its point on the
floor, then in dignified native courtesy
he doffed .his broad, feathered bonnet.
"Sire," he said, with slow deliberation,
"Scotland has a King that this good blade
shall ever be proud to serve."
For three days the MacNabs were the
guests of the King in his castle, while
the legal documents were being prepared.
King and chieftain walked the town to
gether, and all that Stirling had to show
MacNab beheld.
In hand, how would you have treated me,
Finlay the Fifth?"
••If you had come with only twenty
men behind you I should treat you with
all the hospitality of Glendochart, which
far exceeds that of Stirling."
"It ha* all been a mistake." said the
King with great cordiality. "The parch
ment you seek shall be gi^n to you, and
I trust that your generosity, Lord of
Glendochart, will allow me to amend your
opinion of Stirling hospitality. I shall
take it kindly if you will be my guests in
the castle. until my officers of law repair
the harshness of my ancestor, Robert.",
Then, turning to the guard, the King con
tinued:
"Unbind these gentlemen and return to
them their arms." ..' , ¦¦";¦ 5 . '../'.:. : r .v'C. .
• . , •* y o. no." salfl th* King decisively.
\ C /V I "Bring them in: bring them in;
I >J I'll have none east Into prison
V \ without at least a hearing..
Have any of your men been
killed T'
¦ • "No. your Majesty." replied Blr Donald/.
. "tout some of them hav* wounds they will
not forget in a hurry; the Highlandmen
fought like tiger cats."
¦¦; ¦ ot many are there of them?" asked
the King.
"Scznethlrg mor* than a score, with a
piper, led by a breechless ruffian, al
though I must say he knows what to do
with a swerd."
"All anaed, you say?"
» "Every oa* of them but the piper.
About half an hour ago they earn* march
ing up the main street of Stirling. *ach
¦ ~ r .r. with his sword drawn, and th* pipes
skirling death and defiance.
,'Tou disarmed them, of course?"
"Certainly, your Majesty."
"Verr wall; bring them la. and let us
hear what they have to say for them
selves."
The doors were fiu&g open, a sharp
ccmziand was given, and presently there
entered th* group cf Highlanders, dis
armed and with their elbows tied behind
their backs. A. strong guard accompanied
' them on either side. The Highlanders
¦were men of magnificent physique, en
hanced by the picturesque costume they
were, in spit* of the fact that in some
. Instances this costume was In tatters and
the wearers cut and bleeding. The King
¦Fazed with undisguised admiration upon
t he foremost Highlander, and eaid quietly
to the captain of the guard:
"Unbind him!"
' On finding his arms released the moun
taineer stretched them out twice, then
folded them across his breast, making no •
: motion, however, to remove his plumed
bonnet, although every one else In the
. room except himself and his men was
uncovered.
••You have come In from the country."
. began the King, a suspicion of a smile
.bovermg about his lips, "to enjoy the
:. metropolitan OeDftLtS of Stirling. How
' are ecu cstfsfiefl with your reception?"
The big Highlander made no reply, but
Crowned heavily.
•These savage*.*! suggested Sir Donald.
'. "do not understand anything but the
' f.ur lie. Is it your Majesty'e pleasure that
the interpreter be called?"
"Yes. bring him in."
• The interpreter put the question in
<ja> Me. and was answered with gruff
brevity by the marauder. The interpreter,
bowing low to the King, said smoothly:
"Thi* man humbly begs to Inform your
- Majesty"—
"S)>ea.k truth. MacPherson!" cautioned
the King. 'Translate faithfully exactly
what he fays. Our friend here, by the
" look of him. does not do anything humbly
or fawn or beg. Translate accurately.
*. What docs he say?"
"He Bay*. ycfUr Majesty, he will hold no
communication with me, because I am of
. an inferior clan, which Is untrue. The
MacPherson* were a" civilised clan cen
. torftes ajro. which the MacNabe are not.
. to this day."
T»:e MaeNab's hand darted to his left
f- Fide, but finding no eword to his grasp
¦ ;t '.< U. away acsin.
' ¦ "You are a l!ar'." cried the chief in very
' rsfsable Erplrsh. which was rot to be
misunderstood. "The MacPhersons are no
Han. but an insignificant branch of the
• 'hauan. 'Touch not the Cr.t' is your
motto, and a pood one. for a MacPherson *
ran scratch, but he cannot nandle the
broadsword.'*
MacPht-rson's hand also sought lnstlnc
lively »he hijt of his eword. but the pres
rnce In. welch he stood restricted, him.
"Ii is quite *afe." he eaid with some
• thing like thf spit of a cat. "for a heathen
¦ to insult a Christian in the presence of
his King, and the MacNabs Lnve ever
fhoun a taste for the cautious cauee."
"Tut. tut." cried the King, witU impa
"¦ ti^nf-o. "am I to find myself involved in a
¦ Highland feud in my own hall? MacPher- •
son. it se*>ms this man does not require
- you? interpreting, so. perhaps, it will
• further the peace of our realm if -you
withdraw quietly."
Ma< Phereon. with a low obeisance, did
1 s<>: then to MacNab the Kin* spoke:
"S:r. as it appears you are acquainted
¦rltfa our language, why did you not reply
to trie question ! put to you?"
'"Because I would have you know it ytaM
not the proper kind cf question to ask the
lik.' of me. I am a descendant of kings.*"
"Wei".. 1 am a descendant of kings ray
wit thouch sorrv I ehould be to defend
. aU their notions."
"Your family only began wir.h Robert
th*- Brace; mine. was old ere fce came to
• th» throne."
"That may well be: rtill you must admit
that what Robert lacked in ancestry he
furnished forth in ability."
. "Hut the Clan Mac-Nab defeated him at
• iho battle of DH Rhl."
.'•True, with some assistance, which you
ipricre. from Alexander of Argyll. How
• ever, if" this discussion is to become a
competition *n history I may be allowed
to add that my pood ancestor, Robert, did •
• . not forget the actions of the MacNabs at
Del Rhl. and later overran their country,
• dismantling: their fortresses, leaving the
'• c!an in a more fan* 1 end chastened condi
tion than that in which he found it. But
¦ • what has ail this to do with your coming
' Finfrhtng Into h. peaceable town like Stlr
- lire?" ' • '.'
*"I came," raid the chief, "because of the,
foray you have mentioned. I came be
v' orate Robert the Bruce desolated our
counter.*
"By • ray pood sword I" cried Jamw.
V. 'Freaking er one king to another. your;
• •¦.•¦£<•¦ !¦- Fcmewhat belated, a lapse of
. two centuries should have outlawed the-
O'fit. Did you expect, then, to take Btlr
lir.p with twenty men?" ;
"I expected King James the Fifth to
""•ify the wrong done by King Robert
• v k First."
"But I have already disclaimed respon-.
biiity for the deeds of ancestors less re
. :<>\f than good King Robert."
"You have made proclamation In the
Highlands that the chieftains must bring
• you proof of their right to occupy theii
r«r.<j.s." .,." ¦
•*'I have, and some have preferred to me
tliclr deeds of tenure, others prepared to
. fight: the cases have been settled in both
instances. To which of these two classes
• do you belong, chief of the Clan Mac
• "Nab7" " - '
"To neither. I cannot submit to you our",
• "parchments, because Robert, your ances
• tor,, destroyed them. I cannot fight the;
army of the Lowlands, because my clan is
small; therefore I,' Flnlay MacNab, come
*_ to you In peace, asking you to repair the
wronK.done by ancestor.'*.
"Indeed !" cried the King. "If the pres
*. cnt advent typifies your idea of a peaceful
• visit, then God forfend that I should ever
men you in anger." . ¦¦ * ¦ ;'.>." -¦
• ."I cane In peace and have been shame-.
-' fully u.st-d." ¦^gjp . -., ¦'"'¦;
"You must not hold that' against us,"
gald James /'Look you. .now. If I had
i ome etorming at your castle door, aword*
mountaineers at* stolidly whatever wai
set in front of them, and If unusual fla
vors saluted their palates the strangers
made no sign of approval or the reverse.
The red wine of Burgundy, grown old in
the King's cellars, they drank like water,
emptying their tankards as fast as the at
tendant could refill them. Soon the ruddy
fluid, whose- potency had been underesti
mated, began to have its effect, and the
dinner table became noisy as "the meal
progressed, songs bursting forth now and
then, with strange shouts and cries more
familiar to the hills of Loch Tay than to
the rafters of Stirling. The chief him
self lost the solemn dignity which had at
first characterized him, and as he emptied
flagon after flagon, he boasted loudly of
the prowess of his dan; foretold what he
would do in future, fields now that he was
allied with the King of Scotland.
At last MacNab sprang to his feet, hold
ing aloft bis brimming flagon, and called
for cheers for the King of Scotland, a
worthy prince who knew well how to en
tertain a brother prince. Repeating this
in . Gaelic his men. who had also risen
with their chief, now sprang . upon the
benches, where, standing unsteadily, they
raised a series of yells so wild that a
shudder of fear passed through many of
•That rery thing is troubling me." re
plied the King, "but it's a long time till
July, and between now and then we will
make him some excuse for not returning
his visit, and thus avoid putting the old
man to shame."
"But that, too, will offend him beyond
repair," objected the poet.
"Well, we must lay our heads together,
Davle," answered the- King, "and think of
some way that will neither be an insult
nor a humiliation." • .' •.:!'
Affairs of state gave James the valid
excuse he required and so he sent a com
mission to the chief of the MacXabs.
"His Majesty," said the head commission
er,- "Is entertaining the Embassadors from
Spain and from France, and likewise a
legate from the Pope. If he came north
he must at least bring with him these
great noblemen with their retinues, and
while he would hav* been glad to visit
you with soma of his own men he could'
not Impose upon your hospitality by
bringing also a large number of strangers
and foreigners."
"Tell his Majesty," replied MacNab
with dignity, "that whether he bring with
him the King of Spain, th* Emperor of
Franc* or even the Pope himself, none of
these princes Is. in the estimation of Mao-
Nab, superior to James the Fifth of Scot
land. Th* entertainment, therefore, which
the King graciously condescends to ac
cept, is certainly good enough for any
foreigners that may accompany him, be
their nobility ever so high."
When this reply was reported to th*
King h* first smiled and then sighed.
"I can do nothing further," he said.
"Return to MacNab and tell him that the
Pope's legate desires to visit the Priory
on Loch Tay. Tell the chief that we' will
take the boat along the lake on the day
arranged. Say that the foreigners are
anxious to taste th* venison of the hills,
and that nothing could bo better than to
give us a dinner under the trees. Tell him
that he need not be at any trouble to pro
vide us lodging, for we shall return to
the island Priory and there sleep."
In the early morning the King and his
followers, the Embassadors and their
trains embarked and sailed from the
island Priory the length of the beautiful
lake; the numerous craft being driven
through the water by strong northern
oarsmen, their wild chanting choruses
echoing back from the mountains. The
evening before horses for the party had
been led through forests, over the hills
and along the strand to the meeting place
at the other end of the lake.
A summer has* hung in the valley, and
when the King came In sight of the
stronghold of th* MacNabs he rubbed his
eyes in wonder, thinking the misty uncer
tainty of the atmosphere was playing
tricks with his vision. There, before
them, stood the most bulky edifice, the
most extraordinary pile h* had ever be
held. At one end a great square keep
iarose, its amazing height looming gigan
tically in the gauze-like magic of the
mist. A high wall, machicolated at the
top, connected this keep with a small oc
tagonal tower, whose twin was placed
some distance to the left, leaving an
opening between for a wide entrance. The
two octagonal towers formed a sort of
fram* for a roaring waterfall in the back
ground. From the second octagonal tow
er another extended lofty wall connected
it with a round peel as high as the keep.
This castle, of a size so enormous that it
made all others its beholders had ever
seen shrink Into comparative insignifi
cance, was surrounded by a bailey wall;
outside of that was. a moat which proved
to be a foaming river fed by the volume
of water which came down the precipice
behind th*- castle.
"We have a great many strongholds in
Italy," said the Pope's legate, "but never
have- I seen anything to compare with
this."
"Oh." said MacNab. slightingly, "we are
but a small clan; you should see the High
land castle* farther north; they are of
stone; Indeed, our own fortresses, which
are further inland, are also of stone. This
is merely our pleasure house, built of pine
trees."
"A castle of logs!" exclaimed the Pope's
legate. "I never before heard of such a
thing." #>
They crossed the bridge, passed between
the two octagonal towers and entered the
extensive courtyard, • surrounded by th*
castle Itself; a courtyard broad enough to
afford maneuvering ground for an army.
The interior walls were as attractive as
the outside was grim and forbidding. Bal
conies, ran around three sides of the in
closure, tall, thin, straight pine poles, ris
ing three stories high, supporting them,
each pole fluttering a flag at th* top. Tha
balconies were all festooned with branches
of living green.
Inside, the King .and his men found
"Chieftain," said the legat* In an awad
whisper, "is this conflagration aocldeot or
design?" '- :¦
"It is' our custom." replied MaoNab.
"A monarch's pathway must be . lighted,
and it is not fitting that a residence once
honored by our King should sver again
be occupied by any one leas noble. The
pine tree is the badge of my clan. At my
behest the pine tree sheltered th* Kins;.
and now, at the blast of my bugle, it
sends forth to the glen Its farewell of
flame." '
At the next blast thosa on the bailey
wall thrust their torches, still burning,
among th» chinks of the log* and
swarmed to the ground as speedily and
as safely as those on the main building.
Now the lighted torches that had been
thrown on the roof of the castle, disap
pearing a moment from sight, gar* evi
dence of their existence. Her*' and there
a long tongue of flams sprang up and
died down again.
"Can nothing be done to sav* the pal
ace?" shouted the excitable Frenchman.
"The waterfall! the waterfall! Let us go
back or the castle will be destroyed."
"Stand where you are," said the chief,
"and you will see a sight worth coming
north for."
Now, almost with' the suddenness of an
explosion, great sheets of flam* ros*. tow
ering into a mountain of fir*. Tb« logs
themselves seemed to redden m the; light
glowed through every crevice between
them. The bastions, the bailey- walls,
were great wheels of flame, encircling a
palace that had all the vivid radiance of
molten gold. The valley for miles up and
down was lighter than the sun ever made
it. : •'
And with that, bowing to the Kinf as if
to ask permission, he raised his bug!* to
his lips and blew a blast. Instantly frora
the corner of the farthest bastion a torch
flamed forth, and that torch lighted tha
one next* to it. and this Us neighbor, so
that speedily a rim of flre ran along the
outlines of the castle, marking out the
square towers and the round, lining th«
curtain, the smaller towers, turrets and
parapets. Then at the top of the bailey
wall a circle of Highlanders lit torch after
torch, and thus was the whola castle il
lumined by a circle of flre. The huge edi
fice was etched In flame against the som
ber background of the high mountain.
"Confess, legate." cried the King, "that
you never saw anythnlg more beautiful,
even in fair Italy."
"I am willing to admit aa much." re
plied the Roman.
Another blast from the bugle and all
the torches on the castle itself disap
peared, though the flre on the ballsy wall
remained intact. From . machloolated
tower, keep, peel and curtain, tha nimble
Highlanders, terchless. scrambled down,
cheering as they came. :
For a moment the castle wall* were
alive with fluttering tartans, strongly Il
luminated by the torches from the outer
bailey. Each man held +£s breath while
this perilous acrobatic performance was
being accomplished, and silence reigned
over the royal party until suddenly
broken by tha Italian.
"Highlander." he cried, "your castle I*
on flre."
"Ay," said the Highlander calmly,
raising his bugle again to his lips.
"A bulwark of bones U better than a
castle of stones," «aid Sir Flnlay. "That
Is an old Highland saying with us, which
means that a brave following 1* the best
ward. I will show you my bulwark of
bones."
Bo they all- stayed progress! •»* turned
their eyes toward the wooden palace they
had left. ¦ A .
"If It were built of stone," said the>
Pope's legate, "it would b« the strongest
house in the world a* It is th» largest."
It was evening of the third day when
the cavalcade set out araln for the priory.
¦The chief. Flnlay MacNab. accompanied
his guests down the- valley, and when
some distance from the castle, of logs
James smote him. on the shoulder, copy
ing thus his own astonishing: action.
"Sir Flnlay." he cried, "a King's hand
should be no less potent than a King's
sword, and thus I. create thee a knight of
my realm, for never before has monarch
been so royally entertained." and now I
pause here to look once more on your cas
tle of pine."
emp:« accommodations: their room* wwi
carpeted with moss and with flowai,
forming a variety of color and yielding *
softness to the foot. which the- artificial
piles of Eastern looms would have at
tempted to rival In vain~ Her© for three
days the royal party was entertained.
Hunting in the forest rave them prodig
ious appetites, and there was no criticism
of the cooking. The supply of food and
drink was lavish in the extreme; fish
from the river and locn, game from the
moors and venison from the hills.
THE SUNDAY CAM*
7
THE KING'S VISIT
|| s WE SCOOP THE COUNTRY 1 1 '
ITHE SUNDAY CALLj
g Is the Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers •£;
I ABSOLUTELY FREE |
§ Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored Art Masterpisce*, S
I BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN' j
« Which Have Hade the Artist World Famous. This Is Because Bxy- »
P- son Personally Superintends the Eepxoduction of All .__••&
§ His Pictures by the- Costliest and Host Bemark- 8
££ able Color Process Ever Invented. This Is . o
£t Also the Reason That Most of His §
§ Pictures Are Known by Their ft
S Cardinal Colors. «
5 Just Bead This List— 'All Companion Pictures t« g;
| THE LADY IN SCARLET: 1
8 Lady' in Red. Vanity. Lady In Green. |
§ Simplicity. [ Love's Confidence. | Meditation. 1
« These Six Pictures Would Cost You Over $1.50 Apiece If They Could ?
S" T v Be Bought at sin Art Store. S
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 j
Q A You Will Get the Whole Series in Bapid Succession. The 8
S ' First Will Be * . • _ §
I LOVERS GONFiPENcCl !THE BUND AT C ALI*
8tion, all scons being removed, and . then
add one or two* drops of strong ammonls
for each* pint of'llquid. .; : ; -'
' Another 'hint— Avoid the' use of whits
cloths as ,'cdve'rlng for, the ' table ; ; wh«n
blowing bubbles, they show .off to much
better. advantage against rich,. highly, col
ored backgrounds. - >t^ <
This "part of the business, baa not'al
ways been - accomplished -without * scandal/
says the Woman's Home Companion
The privilege of sorting the rubbish at
all the dumps is sold to an Italian con
tractor," who pays about $50,000 'a , year,
for it. He \ sublets . the privilege*! of going .
over different classes of household rub-*
blsh: to other Italians Interested In vari
ous industries.* The paper-maKera, for In
stance, pay, him' for manlla, straw, -, old
paper. and. the like. .
The work . has , to be done In a hurry,
and it Is supposed that much escapes
even the. trained. and vigilant eyes of the
"pickers- 1 /and' ' trimmers," as they are
called ; but J enough profit ,* Is derived / to '
enable them to return to' the chief con*,
tractor ' a profit "of 25 1 per < cent ¦ upon his*
investment.' • - . ' " "V* • ' •','« '
THE household rubbish and the
streetsweepings of New ..York are
carted to the thirteen river dumps.
The j most \ important of these are
the ones at One Hundred and Tenth
street and the East River, and the one at
the foot of. Carial street. * The former re
ceives the waste • of the . Immense apart
ment residence district and the latter that
of the big downtown warehouse and pier
district.; ¦'..¦'¦.'.- v ".'**t' ¦;¦..- '::¦:--'.<-¦
For bubble-blowing without pipes lm
meiws the hands in a bowl, of water and
rub one band lightly, with a bit o"f soap;
avoid lathering as far as possible. 7i Now
close the hand and then open it so that
the tip of the thumb and first finger join
to form a ring, across which a soap film
is stretched. Then blow upon the liquid
film. It dilates at once, and if the stream
of air is kept' up the bubble may crow
to quite huge proportions. As soon as the
blowing etops. the hand must be closed or'
the stretched elastic film will shrink to
its original blze. After closing the hand,
the, bubble Is detached by elevating the
wrist, and allowing It to slide off the fin
ger^ tips.
The most successful -babbles 'are f made
of soft water, rain or 'spring water, to
which a little glycerine Is added; this
gives tenacity and brilliancy. -A better
solution still Is to dissolve castllo soap
In about ferty times Jts weight in water
and adding about bne-hrth It« bulk of gly
cerine; after three days *«"a"t the solu-
large film and then disengage the funnel,
after, having first turned It at right aJi
gles. This trick always mystifies and de
ligntE, and helps to make the soap-bubble
party something out of th« ordinary.
Another trick is to blow a bubble upon
n. flower-a stiff . petaled flower Is best,
particularly one of .brilliant hue. Dip the
flower into the soIuUon of soap and water
and then, with a pipe, blow the bubble
upon the top of itJ •
Only last summer," • under the all-search
ing eye of a reform administration, It was
teamed that- some of the subcontractors
were thriftily; employing children on the
dumps at about 50 cents a. week. 'These,
unfortunate little waifs not only received
next to nothing for their labor, but prac
tically Hvedy on', the dumps In . surround
ings which. .one may without undue ve
hemence describe Was ' foul.
Reports that' . they v . were even ... eating
chance .bits of kitchen refuse was also
circulated. ¦;** • '- ' V ; ':, - .^\-.'.
_ Not all ' the ' household rubbish and v the
streetsweepings r are taken from \ , the
dumps out [to j Bea. Six per cent of It la
brought to a refuse crematory at the- foot
of East Eighteenth- street.. established as
an ; experiment by v Colonel '.War^ig.'" who
first placed theVNfijr^York Street Cleaning
Department on" 'a"*anitary. and civilized
working basis. In 'this S per cent' of the
total . waste,' even after It : has been sorted
by the argus-eyed ' employes .of » the . Ital
ian contractors,' there Is enough valuable
material to ; cause' another contractor ', to
pay $4000 a year to the' city for the priv
ilege of still further -sorting It Here the
sorting is -, done v by machinery.* * The ". rub
bish la whirled around on a long, wide
belt, from •, which ' the - pickers' and trlm
oiars selxe what Is of value to them. '
hurriedly (staggered to- the- door, vtry
U lie,'s ; between" Chugstehik, and ;Kache
tnak bays,'In*the # Arg'tiS -I was very anx
ious to get some men to go yrith me Into
the 1 mountains, and, ' hearing there were
*f our living in a. "cabin at Anchor Point,
twenty-flve' mile's* north of .Homer Spit,
whose services -I might secure, I started
ou^afobt td.flnd.the place. " :
'I did not leave Hpmsruntil.1 p. m., and
night then came very early in these lati
tudes. 1 felt sure, however, that I should
reach ; the .-place before It became very
dark, and. 1 might have done so," but tha
only route ' .was | along . tho beach, ¦ and In
many, places -it wa» extremely rocky, af
fording very uncertain • footing: then, at
short • intervals, small streams poured
over the high sea walls, and spread out
over the sands 'of the b*eacb. .where I was
compelled to . wade them. : and my foot
wear was soon full of .water.
- I ' had not gone . far; when • a] cold . rain
commenced to pour, down upon me in tor
rents, and I was. soon thoroughly soaked,
and. > my, clothing,. mu'chV increased In
weight; clung. to i me and greatly retarded
xriy progress. . After many^ trying adven
tures I arrived at the cabin late at night,
so. tired that I lost no; time in atretchingr
myself ; in a pair, of blankets on the floor,
and ' was ' soon ' asleep«^3@gijffijjj^j^fe
I had slept . several ' hours, when I was
awakened by a very peculiar and unu
sual sensation. ' The cabin 'was rocking
and creaking, and performing all sorts of
strange evolutions, and everything loose
on the floor and walls i was playing hide
and-seek, in and out of its dark corners.
My first impression was that our hill
side was sliding into Kachemak Bay. I
-lYiVsyLALIillong-retaember my first *x
;"J',j>«^<:e^Ub7«j*h^artbquake. said An-
I'dftfw^tone recently. Eaily in Octc
: *ber'of l 15«M-fwas at Homer Spit, that
The^Sensdtlon
¦r^Mp Being in ah
W^%
' *^1 VARIATION for a soap-bubble
f [ rartv ts a game with a goal and
I I pnze& and fun galore.
» I It makes the liveliest kind ; of
• amuMment for an evening enter
tainment and may be enjoyed by any
number.
V."A board— an ironing board answers the
pcrpowe very *cll — covered with cloth is
''rested on the backs of two chairs of dif
ferent height. At lbe lower end of the
aboard t*o pieces of wood are fastened
•o «s to stand upright on either side of
'the board, forminp a goal.
The: object of the game, is for each
•jjla^cr. in turri t to dip hispipejn the eoap
•udi, blow a bubble, drop ft on the upper
end* of the, board and carefully, blow it
. forward, and if possible, through the
' gnal. As .it is very difficult to drop the
bubble on the board, fach one ts given
••three chances, and> fiifally the one who
¦ succeeds in blowing tfir J;mo«t bubbles
.". through the goal in a civen time is the
." 'winner. >
I • At the end cf the game. If the tame
'huinb^r of persons have made the tsame
'.:riimb*r of goals, a further, toterertxfm
contest can be" Introduced. All
,* .siert- together to blow large, bubbles, the
, 'et-.r who blo«> the largest being the win
• per of the eVenlng.
•-• :' : Prizes ua} he a big, ribbon-decorated
*.cl*,vpi[K' for tlte \ictor and the smallest
.ciay pn^ for the booby prize.
'.A fcoap-bubWe ballroom, with orchestra
-compi«-tt\ if you please, may be a feature
of tiir entertainment. It is a novelty* and
certain to amuse the party.
-. Take an ordinary wooden ruler or a
piece of wood about a foot and a. naif in
length an<J an inch wide. Stretch a violin
string Irngthwise and put a metallic
bridge underneath the string, and presto,
you have your orchestra- Now for the
£&ncert>. T*o figures are enough; cut
theoi out of cork and paint them as gor
' reously as possible with oil colors, faces,
hands, feet, garment*— a gay cavalier and
his lady.
»iour:t the dancers on a little block of
wood, near one end of the ruler, by
means .of a needle or piece of wire. After
trie figures are placed in position, a. email
round tin cover, such as comes on a pep
per box. tor instance, is fastened at the
errd of the ruler as a background for the
dancers, with a screw over the' string.'
. The oo\pr is next painted with a solu
tion of strong soapsuds and the dancers
. arr likewise treated. to the same bath.
Tilth a Ktrti* this solution is Inflated into
*.«. soap-bubble that covers the dancers.
Then the violin string is touched, giving
music and betting the ruler or. stick In
motion. The motion is communicated to
the tfgurec and lbe ba.fr is on.
To make a flower Inside of a bubble,
f pour the soapy solution into a plate until
| the bottom is covered with the solution :
to the depth of an eighth^clL*n. Inch. In
the center cf the dish" place a rose or any
£ower and over this a tin funnel. While
fl&owly lifting it it thesiiiw tixne.'coa
ff^"» blowing until you make" Quite a
HOW TO GAIN
A FLOW
OF ELOQUENCE
THAT WILL
OPEN WIDE THE
HALL OF FAME
PORTAL.
Suppose you'are sitting about a table
with a dozen friends, and some subject la
started in .which you are deeply Inter
ested. Toy engage in'an earnest and se
rious dialogue'with one of them at the
other end of the table. Too are perfectly
at ease. You forget yourself, you do not
care in the least for your manner or tone
of voice, but only for your thought. The
tone you adopt then will ordinarily be the
best tone for you rn public speaking. You
can, however,: learn from teachers or
friendly critics to avoid any harsh or dis
agreeable fashion of speech that you may
have fallen into and that may be habitual
to.you in private conversation.
Next, never strain your vocal organs by
attempting to till spaces which are too
large .for; you. Speak as loudly and dis
tinctly as you can do easily, and let more
distant portions of your audience go. You
will find in that way. very soon, that your
voice will Increase in compass and power,
and you will do better than by a habit
of straining the .voice beyond it natural
capacity. Be .careful to avoid falsetto,
either in tone or style. Shun imitating
the tricks of speech of other orators, evea
of-those famous and successful. The**
may do for them, but not for you.
Never makV a gesture for the sake of
making one. I believe that most of the
successful speakers whom I know would
find It hard to tell you whether they
themselves make gestures or not, they
are so absolutely unconscious in the mat
ter. But with gestures as with voice, get
teachers or friendly critics to point. out
to you any bad habit you may fall into.
I thinlc it would be. well if our youaj
public speakers, especially preacher**
would have competent. Instructors and
'critics among their auditors, after tSey
enter their profession; to give them the
benefit;; of such and counsel
as may be suggested In that way.
#;r¥-K-M-H^"W-»W"r fr r *4-M-fr •
much after the style of walking in s> rap
idly moving express train while running
over a rough roadbed. Whea I opened
the door I could see by the corals* light
of day that our. hillside was yet Intact,
and then I realized what was taking
place. I was really.delighted, for I bad
often wished for the experience, and. m-
Hke almost, all other- experte no— in the.
north, it ana to me"without atxj effort
on my »***
In managing the voice, the best tone an*
manner for public speaking, writes Sena
tor George Frisbie Hoar, of Massachu
setts, in Success, are- commonly those
which the speaker falls Into naturally
when he Is engaged In earnest conversa
tion. -;i>" .:
The eye and the voice are the only and
natural avenues by which one human soul
can enter into and subdue another. Whea
every other faculty of an orator Is ao
qulred. It sometimes almost aeems as 12
voice -were nine-tenths and everything
else but one-tenth cf the consummate
orator. There are exceptions, of which
Charles Jaraea Fox, the most famous de
bater that ever 'lived* Is the most re
nowned. But It Is' Impossible to overrate
the Importance to the orator's purpose ot
that matchless Instrument, the human
voice.
« — y VERY American youth. If he, de»
f sire?, for any purpose, to get ia-
J t ftuence over hia countrymen In aa
.* L* honorable way. •will like to become
V- a sood public speaker. That power
\h essential to success at the bar. or la
the pulpit, and almost Indispensable to
success In public life. The rare men who
have succeeded without It are the maa
¦who value it most.
STRANGE AND
BEAUTIFUL
DESIGNS YOU
CAN CREATE
WITH COMMON
HOUSEHOLD
UTENSILS.
Chiidirep of ¦ tirae .KuJbfepih Heaps.
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
FUN
AT A
SOAP BUBBLE
PARTYalong the lower edge with bands *f Cs*
•am**
dress embroidered In cotton -or a ttrr
much Blo«r gown. ~
came In vogue, and who before that day
wore white. . • . '
Black stockings of a changeable nature,
showing red In certain lights precisely as
some black silks show, shot-red effects, are
worn In the street by women of unques
tioned taste. And again, stockings : that
are blue when you look across them and
stockings that are pink and violet and all
colors are worn. .These are in good taste
and will be seen this summer every
where. ' *:
A street dress worn by one of the ladles
of Embassador Choate's family, was built
In old-fashioned seal-brown: foulard with
figures iti a deeper brown and white. The
beauty of the gown was Its trimming,
which was composed of lace of the heavy
order.. The lace which, by the way, was
coarse and filled with - figures, was .trim
med .with button molds which. were work
ed with silk. These dotted It here and
there end formed a border along th* up
per edg*. ¦: '•'..- ,/¦,:- I- . " '¦; > ¦¦ - : --: -,-¦
The use of the button mold as a trim
ming Is everywhere observable. The mold*
ar«» : worked in silk and various sixes ar*
used. When they ar* completed they are
placed in the lac* as centers to the roses
and as decorations for the scroll work.
Larger ones , are placed , along . the edge,
and if the lace be! used as a flounce It Is
luoped by means of the molds.
. How to Treat Lace.
. Worked • silk ' rings . are also : ¦ profusely
displayed In the middle of the lac* work,
and as • these ' can be bought by th* doxan
all ready to. be used as a trimming, the
labor of th* seamstress Is spared . not i a
llttl*.'k ¦ '; ¦¦¦ '¦ ¦.-¦'¦¦¦ "'}'"¦;• r ,,-. ¦'¦•;¦ ¦;•¦: .
And ther* . is ¦ still another way to us*
lace, or, as our grandmothers would hav*
declared, to abuse it, and that is by tak
ing the middle or heart out of each lac*
rose. ; In its place is put a tiny speck of
black velvet. This gives depth to Vhm
rose' and makes It very, pretty to look
upon^ ; . . • : ;. -j
• Th* ¦ strip* Is a . fashionable* thmg ' at
horn* and abroad. Th* beautiful - Prln-
The black velvet bits might b* placed up
on ths lace and appllqued there without
mutilating it, . but Dam* fashion declares
that the precious ' stuff, must be cut • and
the black velvet; set underneath . In \ th*
most ruinous manner, detrimental to th*
future of the lace. : '.' .:...[
"pistache. absinthe prf»n, chamnar'i*.
• pomegranate and bisque. Queer odd
• co'ore are suddenly flashed upon you a*
trimmings for the standard tones ard
where one leasts expect It a bright shade
ftrikes one in the ey«*. But the <oior
schemes are pretty and one can cling to
them and find them good.
i A New Belt Is Setn.
A new belt Is seen this season, and ore
reed not be a millionaire's wife to owl
**. It in made with two points— one in tho
'front and the other In the bick. Tho
front point is laid flat against the waist
.•with the point downward.. It lies very
trim and quite accentuate* the flat fig
ure which is the rtyle. The back point
looks upward and makes the back of the
waist seem fashionable, flat and curved.
If the woman who is hopelessly short-
Valeted will make one of these belts,
with the front pointing downward and
the back pointing upward, and if she will
make it out of material to match her
•waist, ehe will find that she has very
greatly improved her figure.
. A noticeable feature of the London sea
son is the use of the transparent ma
terials; not necessarily the thinner ones,
but the heavier sort. There are beautiful
crashes that show the lining beneath and
there are canvases which are delightful In
their cool suggestions. In the thinner
roods there are new grenadines and veil
ings that are very becoming and Inex
pensive, and Quite as durable as could
be expected.
Th* fact that th* crashes and the can
vases come In all colors and that they
c*n be made up over lawn linings instead
of linings of silk Is In their favor, for th*
*wntn of average means can Invest tn
•se or both without ependlnc too much.
BY AUGUSTA PBESCOTT.
THE London season is on and the
fashionable world looks with in-
I terest across the seas to where rep
. I resentatlves of the gay world bow
. •* at court and disport in ball and
drawing-room.
To London In the early summer go Dame
Fashion's devotees to see what is new.
and to London the courtiers and their
wives to be presented at that most re
markable of Bprlng functions, th* St.
James drawing-room.
Queen Alexandra holds evening court
and then there may be presented those
who aspire to recognition In the world in
which she moves. Nor do the functions
etop at the Queen's drawing-room, for
there are garden parties, receptions, din
ners, restaurant entertainments, musi
.cales and dinner dances— all the gay
functions of the world of fashion.
The streets are crowdec at this time
with busy choppers and I»ndon Is as
busy during June and July as other cities
ere In the gayest of the holiday months.
In eplte of the perpetual fog. the drizz»«
and the downright rain, the sun shines
a deal: and when it does shine the heart
cf the London woman rejoices, for it
beckons out the chiffons and the roses.
This year direct Innovations in dress
are promised for the London season ard
.ere bees the rew things come continually
peeping out. Among them can be coun-cl
the burnt \voc«l ti.f.cnt-- for which tn?re
If now «iich terrible r;ige. The,5e are zia
ply of wood, burnt with- small inst-u
ments in patterns, end the design is aft
erward treated with pigments to bring it
out. In the button line there are also thj
Tutch buttons with scenes from Holland
ra'nted upon them.
A Holland Season.
' One might declare it to be a Holland
reason, for eo many things are set forth
In a style Hollandaise. and a pretty style
Is the Dutch.
There is. for one thing, the roun-i
Dutch neck, the neck which is simply cut
cut In a baby fashion and finished without
nock. This neck is seen upon, oh, so
many of the afternoon gowns end is worn
much for evening by those who do not
like the decollete gown. It is the fad.
too, for the summer dress and, if you
would be right in the ewini you must
have a Dutch neck, rounded and finishei
with a littl* knife plaiting of ribbon no
¦wider than a straw.
Another l>utch feature is the wea-'.rs
oi Dutch Idee; and i.hls Is founi in tno
1-nens and in the silks and p"lrtic«.!%r.y
in the foulards. It Is the clear blue of the
l»elft ware and when the sun tinke? it
there seems to be a bright light in i*. !ike
that seen In China blue. It makes up
beautifully in the linens and can be com
bined with a touch of black or with a
touch cf white, or, if one wishes to be
very smart, with a touch of red.
While Londoners go to Holland for their
pretty things, Wllhelmina goes to Paris
tor hers. The little Dutch Queen is par
ticularly fond of French gowns, and, with
her Prince, with whom she seems to be
enjoying a second honeymoon, she selects
dresses that throw the Paris modistes
Into ecstades of delight, so elaborate and
Intricate are they.
One of Wilhelmina's new gowns is a
blue linen embroidered in roses, pink and
blue and white, a beautiful chain going
eround the skirt at the top of th* knife
plaited flounce. The blouse waist is a
mass of the roses, which are of button
size, and which must be massed to be
cren at all.
In an afternoon's stroll along the
Strand, where all go, the studious and the
pay, the quiet and the more elaborate,
cue notices the new colors specially, for
they are out in great numbers. The old
tones seem to have been forgottfn in the
maze of the new or.es and the standards
are lost behind the glory of tne novelties.
Pearl gray, wood color and corn color,
three of the good o!d favorites, remain,
but one sees them combined - witb
Belles Must Wear Burnt
Wo^fl Buttons and Brilliant
Tt&SßtingS, While Staid Ma
tress Dren ia Pink Instead of
Gray and Debutantes Venture
rcrlh in Hosiery of Rainbow
ITses— A Fad for Dutch Styles
rrt.^l: and There Are Round
Dutch Necks Upon Gowns of
Dutch Blue.
A crash that was beautifully *lmr>l9
was made of cement gray trimmed with
gray tafteta. The taffeta was used In
bands and strappings to give the tailored
finish. The drop skirt was of the new.
tt ugh Japanese silk, which Is said to wear
f«.rever. but which Is still such a novelty
that Its life has scarcely been fully test
ed. But being < light and pretty, it ha»
caught on in fancy's eye.
All the World Wears Pink.
Pink seems to be taking the piacj of
gray to a considerable . extent and very
pretty it is. Matrons who have worn Ihe
Quaker tone have slipped into pink with
out realizing it, while the debutantes
have gloried in it. Pink canvas makes a
very nice dress for nlorning or afternoon
and pink linen is a fabric that is much,
seen.
The utility of pink as a general color
has been questioned, many declaring that
It is neither durpbie nor becoming. But
is it not as durable as gray? Will a pearl
gray canvas afternoon dre-s wear longer
tl-en one of pink? And if for summer
wear, will jiirik not be as pretty as gray?
That Is a series of questions which the
modistes are putting to their patrons.
A pretty innovation much noticed in
London is found in the method of usins
the flounce. The skirt flounce has chang
ed to a degree, and while most skirts aro
flounced, they are treated quite differ
ent ly- t from before.
Thu deep lace flounce Is given a touch of
great elegance by putting it. on in littU*
dips. The flounce should dip here aivl
there at regular intervals, 'each dip mak
ing a point.
To accomplish this take your lace,
which should be deep and pretty, though
it need not be a precious lace, and cut it
1p sc-alloDS around the top. Go the full
length of the flounce, cutting the top out
in great scalloped sweeps. Now take and
sew the flounce upon the skirt. When
done the bottom of the flounce will dip in
points. For this a close mesh is better
than a very open one, as the top keeps
its shape better.
A flounce that trims a summer gown is
pointed in the same manner. But in this
case it is made of lawn with a narrow
lace edge. The top of the flounce is cut
in curves, and the flounce is then sawed
on the skirt. When the skirt is put on
the flounce Is a pointed one, and the little
"dips" set out in a very pretty fashion. .
One Nice Silk Pe'tticoat.
The summer woman should endeavor to
Invest in one nice silk petticoat. Indeed,
this seems almost a necessity. In the way
of a nice petticoat is meant one that is
all little frills and ruffles and which has
a veritable cascade of flounces around the
feet. A billowy skirt of th'.s kind sets
the drts? out well and makes it hang
much better than the # plain little drop
ekirt with its stiff foot 'ruffle. But. alas,
such a petticoat is expensive, and the wo
man who desires one may have to go to
work and build it for htrself.
When one does possess a skirt with
the billowy effect around the foot, she
must be sure to lift the dress skirt suffi
ciently to let the billows Bet forth in
silhouette. The petticoat itself is not lifted
but cascades and billows as it will. The
fashionable petticoat silhouette is a fea
ture of dress not to be neglected by any
woman with an eye to her good looks.
It is a surprising thing to note, yet a
true one, that stockings are growing more
and more vivid, and this upon women who
have been wedded to black since black
cess of Pless, wh,o does everything In *
way that is ultra, wears a dress of pluck
and white etrlped summer silk. The skirt
Is made very tight-fitting right down to
the knees, and the stripes run up and
down. This upper part of the skirt -is
tucked also, and the tucks are so ar
ranged that only the dark stripes ore
visible with occasional flashes of th»
white. . ' '¦" ¦¦¦•/;. '-'.:
Then comes the great foot flounce which
in this case is a veritable flounce, 'kne*
deep in front and a great deal deeper In
the. back. ' It Is made of th* striped blsck
and white silk and Is trimmed along th*
top with bands of black silk ribbon, and
The waist— and here the daintiness or
the French modiste is visible— la a mas*
of pin tucking, pointing- toward the front
with the tucks overlaid with white lac»
with lovely trimmings Introduced in th*
lace. There are lace roses with tiny
black valve t cent«rs and 'there are but
ton molds covered alternately with black
silk and with white;, and there are white
silk rings and blaele'sllk ones.
Pretty American Gown*.
But. take it all Is ail', the French
modistes do not excel th* American wom
en; and. for that matter, many will tell
you that the foreign stylet AT* not aa
good. For on* thing, they., ar* not as ao»
curate. \ • ••; ' . .
Th* American modistes have a way of
making a gown that is pronounced by th*
drees artists "faithful." .* They follow on*
motif throughout; and where there ar*
pintucked skirts there is a pin tucking oa
the waist; and. where th* skirt yoke Is a
separate fitted yoke, on » can look for th*
waist with fitted yoke with a'flnish almost
precisely Ilk* that, of 'th*" skirt" And so
th* American gown has Its Individuality
and certainly Its virtue*. - ' -•>
And th*r* ta another thing about th*
American gown that Is la its favor and
this la Its pliability. If one can s* style 11
Th* American gown can. b* mad* trp la
cheap China gfik as well as la expensive
flowered brocade and It will look well la
either case, for its lines ar* so good.
' So, In reading the styles, th* woman of
small purs* need not los* heart, for sh*
will at' one* see how sh* can take he*
own material and make It up nicely upoa
the same line* as those of th* more ex
pensive goods; and. with result* that art
almost as good. .
The fancy for artificial flowers) is grew*
Ing and it Is a very -smart thing t* w*a*
arltflclal flowers boldly upon th* oorsag*.
The flowers ar* frankly artificial and ar*
mad* of ribbon turned into a fat rose, at
of chiffon laid delicately In petal*. Was
leaves surround th* ribbon r*s* and for
a stem there are a dosen tiny strips of
ribbon, an eighth of an inch wide, each
on* with a knot tied In th* end a* a fin
ish.
A Cup Race Season.
Not only In th* corsag* ar* th*** rose*:
worn, but In th* hair, and very lovely
they look with their lustrous satin pet
als. Th*. wearing of th* artificial fiawsa
Is a fad, bnt a very pretty on*.
It Is to be a season of dress for tie
cup. Yachts are afloat or getting ready
and the season will be a furious on* oa
the high seas. Shamrock green and
American red, white and blue wave
everywhere, and already yachting cos
tumes are being evolved. And how deli
cately pretty the yachting towns are and
how easy It is to look natty In them.
The slender woman Is still the vogue,
but It Is no longer an attenuated slender*
ness that is desired. A woman must have
a decided shape, and .this must be dis
played In curves. . The woman with hips
Is ; coming * back again, though not the
woman with 'an abdomen. The woman
with 'the full bust Is also coming In style,
though the waist .must be small. The
straight front I» always in. but there ar •>
now several styles of straight front, and
It is ., possible to b» straight , down the
front line, though, full on .' the hips and
te the bust? \ • ••' *
Gowns are made to accentual* the back
curve,- and the line from th* neck down
to th* waist and from th* waist on down
to the end of -the train U curved, sinu
ous, graceful and lovely.. ....
' A dress made for a woman who knows
how to dress is in one of th* thin fls>
ured summer stuffs and Its price per yard
is In the few cents. But Its style is love
ly. Beginning with, the waist, which I*
a shirt waist, .there is a wide; unbroken
expanse, which is covered with whit* cot
ton embroidery stitches. There la no de
sign except a sprawling, conventional on*,
and the whole front is trimmed In this
manner. The waist. Instead of being shir
red to the band In front, is laid In little
plaits pointing each way from the middle
of the front.
. The skirt Is cut so that It gradually
"widens toward the bottom and the front
Is covered with an embroidered panel,
which Is narrow at the top near the belt
line., but widens considerably toward the
floor.' There Is no other trimming upon
the gown, unless one would name th» wid«
sash . ends, embroidered, and let *«"g
down the back.
Gowns of the season, whTl* not richly
expensive, are so delicately ntdt and ¦»
covered with handwork that they ar* eas
ily rained, and It Is necessary therefor*
for the careful owner to possess- a num
ber of boxes, each one dedicated to one
complete costume, whether It be a lines
THE SUNDAY CALL,
LATEST LONDON STYLESwidely opened, the little poles and pin*
were brought out, and the two blankets,
for every shelter tent represents a ene
pight stand for two men.
One big darkey had his tent ta neat
shape all but the last pin.
"Whar dat pint" he shouted, whirling
around; and around on one spot like a
kitten chasing its tall.
' One of his civilian friends itood In the
' excited crowd of spectators.
dan and beaded brow bear witness to ths
tug. These boys have ne floor with cleats
for their tug: they battle it out oa the
bar* ground, digging; their sturdy shoe*
Into mother earth for a hold. The hand
kerchief hangs accurately above the cen
ter chalk line; the revolver cries Tug I";
the handkerchief sways. Jerks, Jerks the
other way, Is over the center again, then
with a swift movement as if one hand
pulled it, it slides over one of the outer
was watching him; he then quickly over*
came his bandlcao.
A great many people are so sensitive
and highly strung that they, cannot bear
to be harshly criticized. They never want
to know what anybody has to say about
them. However, all the caricaturing and
criticizing of the press and public could
not swerve Grant or Lincoln one lota from
his purpose. If Columbus had been sensi
tive the western hemisphere might bar*
still been In oblivion. No amount of criti
cism or ridicule could convince him tha4
bis convictions were misapplied.
eers are Interested, townsyey ret
themselves up early to we the I o'clock
beginning cf affairs.
Last spring It occurred to some of ths
powers that be that regular athletlo and
military contests for prizes would be a
rood thing. General Hughes Issued from
army headquarters an official order to
that effect. The commanding officer of ;
«ach post vu directed to appoint a corn-
missioned subordinate to superintend the
training of the men and the games. The
department appointed . an athletic' board
to supervise this new feature of soldier
life. One day In every month was ordered
set Aside for a field day. on which the
enlisted men ¦ should compete for prizes.
On field days all drills were ordered
omitted,' so that all might enjoy the oc
casion.
It has proved to be ths event to which
the men look forward from one month to
the next Not that the prizes warrant
any such anticipation— they have been
modest amounts of from 60 cents ,. to $3
one month or razors and Indian clubs the
next. Glory alone would be quite enough
to work up the enthusiasm of the, boys.
Their lungs could not possibly make big
ger noise IX they, were cheering to the
tnd of a thousand dollar pri»% They
•print, they Jump, they throw, they pitch
tents, as if their lives and the future of .
the United State* army depended on it,
as. perhaps, they do. The regulation field ,
•ports that all the athletlo world is
familiar with take | place on these holi
days and some tall Jumping and running
have been done, but the genuine thrill 'of
the occasion comes withHhe military con
tesU. Such affairs as an equipment, race,
tent pitching ".'and striking raoe, broad
sword contest and dead-body-rescue race
on ' horses are i the affairs that make it
worth while setting the, alarm at the un
earthly hour required. "For military peo
ple are up while others sleep, and It
seems to them a rational idea that one
should be ready to begin the day's gayety
at » In the morning.
Each month some of these exciting con
testa are put on the programme and in
terest grows. The One Hundred and Fifth
Company has 'already; distinguished it
self, also the Fifth 'Field Artillery.
ple are beglnnlngto watch the successful
and the promising, looking for bigger suo
cesses in the future.
These Is no contest on the list that cre
ates , as ] much .* merriment ¦'. as . : the tent
pitching and striking. The ' first of these
men stood with fingers Itching for ths
battle of. dexterity. Then from the cap
tain's pistol pointed "igh above his head
the report rang out and In an Instant the
men had reached' the next station to bed
lam.
The tents were off their shoulders, were
••Hooray"' \
So the shouting goes on lustily from
scores of throats, while Uncle Sam Is
killing two birds with one stone out at
the Presidio— giving his boys a strenuous
lesson and a holiday at the same time.
The monthly field day Is well estab
lished now and promises to be a big suc
cess all round. The blue and khaki clad
boys are turning out In big numbers, offl-
a a f~y ET there. Lankeyr
I / "You f ve got my blanket.**
I ["Y "Where's my tent pin?**
>M» "It's right behind you; cant
you see It?"
"You haven't got your tent buttoned 1"
"Hurry up there!"
"He's slower than an lee wagon."
"Good boy, Lankey! You're all rightf*
Oraee of manner and ease and dignity
of pose are largely mental and depend a
great deal upon one's confidence. Say ox
sensitive people cannot easily overcome
awkwardness because of their self-con
sciousness and sensitiveness to what oth
ers think. They Imagine everybody la
watching them, wondering why they
never got rid of their clumsiness or guess
ing where they were reared.
The first remedy is to get rid «f self
consciousness and to believe we are what
we would like to be when our awkward
ness and ungainly bearing will gradually
disappear. Archbishop Whately, who suf
fered untold agony from his natural shy
ness and sensitiveness and regard for
what people might think of him, could
not find a remedy until be made up his
mind to utterly disregard people's opin
ions, to Ignore entirely what they thought
of him and not to think that everybody.
Are You a Gawk?
If you have been stirred by their ex
citement at one of these events, you wDl
grant that 9 o'clock Is none too early Cos
ths pleasure of it alL > i
The afternoon of each field day !• gtrea
over to a baseball game and great crowds
assemble then. But although ths Urns la
more convenient, the late comers miss the
Eight of these vigorous army boys of ours
in the splendid freshness and enthusiasm
of the early morning.
Relay races and blank cartridge races
are popular events at every Presidio fleld>
day, and the running races are flnt-class
schooling for men who hold ths welfare
of our nation in their bands— and feet
Borne good sprinters are being develop**
In these contests.
lt must often be taken to a place wne*«
the wagon cannot reach. A man rolls It
while he runs posthaste and a darre*
trick It Is to keep the heavy thing rolllaj
beside one.
After the men supposed that their tents
were ready they stood beside them,
breathless and ready for the decision,
Even military discipline found it hard to
stop the disputing and get the men to
stand In military order. Tent after tent
rose on the fiat ground— torn* with barely
a second between their completion, others,
lagging far behind. '
There was trouble ahead for some that
counted themselves winners. For the In
spectors Inspected very carefully and re
vealed several sad truths. One was that
a oertaln man's^blanket was not folded
correctly, and It Is an Important matter
that all the blankets be laid side by sld»
with mathematical precision, the end
turned. down. Another soldier had left his
flaps unbuttoned, so he was counted out
of the race although he had stood) beside
his pitched tent first of alL
Striking ths tents was a* quicker matter.
The buttoning of the flaps was undone
with one quick zip and buttons flew. Pins
and poles were put away, blankets and
tents rolled again and the competitors
stood as In the beginning, tent on shoul
der.
The tug-of-war 1* always a bff event
and It draw* the crowd even when Jump
ing Is going on near by. It seems very
appropriate that soldiers should be taking
part In a tug of war, although It Is really
more an athletlo than a military contest.
But they make it a genuine tug-of-war;
ths blue suits give ths genuine color
wanted for verity and the straining ihoul-
took my blanket" and spent the rest of
the day explaining why he did not win
the two-dollar prize.
contests gare honors for pitching to I
Troop, Ninth Cavalry, and to First Bat
tery, Field Artillery. The" tent striking
prizes were won by the Tenth Company
of the Coast Artillery and the Fifth Bat
tery of the Field Artillery. A month later
the One Hundred and' Fifth Company di
vided the honors.
The men appeared on the ground with
their shelter tents and blankets rolled and
swung like big bolsters over their shoul
ders. 'They were allowed to undo ths
fastenings before the contest began, so
they took their time about this first step.
At the word they lined up In two rows
facing each. other, tent on shoulder and
the space of outstretched arms between
neighbors.
'.The firing ef a pistol Is the signal for
beginning and and of all contests. Ths
"You chump r he roared, black and per
•pirlnf with the heat of the moment.
"Kaln't to' see dat pin In yo' own panU'
pocket r* '."xL'-i
The contesting toldier was too much ex
cited to hear and he continued to whirl as
fast as the Arab dancer, still bellowing,
"Whar dat pin? Yo' took ma tent pin, yo*
brack nlggah yo'." While ths wooden pin
poked Its end openly out of the pocket.
"Tou'v* »ot my blanket," complained a,
•low tent pitcher.
His neighbor had, true enough, but he
was philosophical. "I know It, bat what's
the difference? You've got mine. A blan
ket's a blanket, ain't It? We've both got
a blanket— what's the difference?"
But the other- refused to b» comforted,
and when he found himself the last man
ready he still made complaint that "he
lines and tht revolver la heard again v
on» of th» losing »ld» loses his foothold
and slldta while one of the winner* top
ples over backward, bruised bat triumphs
ant. *
The Twenty- fifth. Twenty-seventh and
One Hundred and Fifth contested hotly
for the tug-of-war and^ honor* finally
went to the Twenty-seventh company of a
Coast Artillery, which lately •::ivt;i '
from Manila.
The equipment race mak.-i as/ amount
of fun for the onlooker an-3 perspirwtlan
for the men In It. From bt . -<c i*-- > •••* la
heavy marching order th«y a'ivanse^
down a line, retting rid of their eqitfj
ment as they go. then return *ni taW* U
up again. Gloves fall at the Erst station,
and one by one the blanket, cartridge
telt. leggings and hat are dropped. Pegs
mark the spots where these must be left.
What's the matter with those lacings T
Never caught like that before." one mut
ters while he grows scarlet over his leg
gings that won't come off. Then he give*
an extra Jerk, pulls It off and hustle* oa
to the next station.
A hoot goes up from the crowd.
. "You've got your other legging on," he
distinguishes in the chorus of shouts. And
there It Is. sure enough, entirely forgot
ten and still neatly laced.
The turn is made at the other cad of
the line. Hatless, the men start to take
up their equipment. The lacing of the
leggings Is even slower than the unlacing
was and the cartridge belt Is ages t»
fasten when one's fingers are all thumbs.
At the very end of the route, when the
whole lot of the racers are puffing and
red- faced, the gloves lie waiting to b«
Jumped Into and It Is no wonder If the
right one persist* In getting on the left
hand and the left one on the right. The
winner stand* at attention, panting and
a good deal disheveled, but In the form
of heavy marching order. A box of ci
gars and a knife awaited the winner* at
the last equipment race.
The spare wheel race brings Into play
great quickness and deftness, for It Is *
knack of Itself to roll the great wheel.
the fingers holding the hub so that It slips
through and balances while the man runs
with It. This wheel 1* the one carried
•n a wagon In time of battle, ready to
replace a damaged wheel, and the train
lag In carrying It Quickly Is essential, aa
Fun and Frolic of the Thrilling New Evolutions That
Uncle Sani 's Fighting Boys in Blue Jlre Now Being
Put Through to Train Them for Daring and
: Dangerous Work on the Battlefield.
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
11
COMPETITION DRILLS AT THE PRESIDIO3. Wrapped twine weaving, or bird
cage twine," In which one weft: element
remains rigid and - tbe other, strapped
about the crossings.'
4. Latticed twined weaving, tee or Hud
son stitch, ' twined work around . vertical
warps crossed by horizontal weft element
THE WRAPPED WEFT type of wear-
Ing was employed by the Mound Builders
of the Mississippi Valley and ts'stlU used
by the Mohavea. A rigid hoop is sus
tained by four uprights, all rigidly af r
fixed at the bottom. The warp extends
from the top '¦ to the bottom, 'firmly fas
ened to tbe hoop at the topandrlgjd mem
bers at the bottom. The weft, of twine
or yucca fiber, is fastened to one of tne
rigid uprights and then ' wrapped once
around each wrapped element, continuing
in a coil untllthe top is reached.
TWINED WEAVING.— This Is the most
Intricate and elegant of all woven work.
Professor Mason thus wrltesNOf the varie
ties of twined weaving "as , follows:
Twined work has a set of warp rods or
rigid elements, as in wicker work, but the
weft elements are ' commonly v adminis
tered In pairs, though In three-ply twin-
Ing and In braid twining three weft ele
ments are employed.'" In passing from
warp to warp these elements are twisted
in half- turns on each other, so as to form
a two-ply or three-ply twine or braid. Ac
cording to the relation of these' weft ele
ments to one . another and to the warp
different structures result as follows:
1. Plain twined weaving, over single
warps. , ; '- '¦'¦'. >..i
,; 2. Diagonal twined weavins; or twill,
over two or more warps.
through the upper mesh and tied, and
the bag Is complete. A pretty effect Is
caused by loosely braiding the strands of
two bottom rows of meshes beiore knot
ting them. '' „
In using beets, put In about five or six
large beets to a gallon of water. If these
do not produce the desired effect put in
more. Cranberries, use about one pound
to a gallon of water. Butternut bark,
walnut shucks, sumac, pokeberries," onion
skins, all that can be held In both hands;
a little more will do no harm.
All the above will generally give their
color with half an hour's good boiling
On the other hand, cochineal needs fully
two hours to produce good result*.
TO DYIiJ THE MATERIALS.-Flrat
mordant as before described. Be sure
and strain the dye, as If there is .any
sediment it is liable to arrest the work of
the dye and give Irregular color effects-
In every case the dye must be ' boHin*j
when the material is Immersed. Let I:
remain in tbe liquid from fifteen to twen
ty minutes. If, this is not enough (as ex
periment will soon demonstrate) let It re
main longer. - Keep turning the -material
over and over, always using a- wooden
stick for the purpose, so that the color
may evenly reach all. parts. vl~;
TO. MAKE THE DYES.-For a dye pot
a good enamel kettle is as serviceable us
anything. AH the materials are to bo
boiled. A general proportion to be ob
tcrved Is two ounces to one gallon of wa
ter. This gives a fairly strong "Bye. It
can be diluted, if necessary, and if found
not strong enough can either be boiled
down or more material used. .
TAN.— Sumac leaves and stems give a
good tan, while the fruit gives a reddish
or what might be termed a light or pink
tan. But this dye Is never strong, even
though a large quantity of th'e leaves are
used.
and hlckorynut shells can be used with
good results,, and one will find great
pleasure In experimenting with barks
from different trees. l
Various materials can be used in this
work. Twisted hemp, rushes,: braided
raffia and yucca fiber. Even unbraided
yucca may be used. It should be slight
ly dampened for several hours before us
ing It. One of the simplest things to be
gin on Is a handkerchief bag. Secure
twelve strands of raffia of two colors au.l
a stick about a yard long and one and
one-half inches wide. Hold the stick In
an easy position so that a strand of raf
fia may be doubled and tied around tne
stick. Draw the knot tight. Put on the
rest of the strands In a like manner.
Separate to ' about an Inch ' apart, then
knot each strand at ¦ about \ the distance
of en inch with the nearest strand of the.
next pair. Make even meshes all the way
across. Continue this all the : way do wn
for five or six rows, narrowing the meshes
toward | the bottom. Then slip- the | knots
from the. stick : and . proceed to close up
the bag by knotting the loose ends to
gether... .,-¦-':'",:'¦--. ,-. '¦ -' -...'¦'¦:¦;/-.
At the bottom. the whole of the strands
are gathered together and tied with a sin
gle or braided effect The ends are, then
cut evenly, a length of plaited raffla put
HOW TO BE£IN.— It will be seen that
carrying nets were and are made by the
Mission Indians of California. The Pimas
now have a carrying basket in which the
net Is used.
TOOLS AND TERMS UBED.-The bas
ketmaker should be provided with the
following tools. A needle (about a No. 9
tapestry, needle to begin with), strong
scissors, an awl about four inches long, a
small hammer, a yard measure and a
foot rule; a sharp knife, a small plat
pliers or pincers; a narrow piece of heavy
iron or steel that can be used as a ham
mer between the spokes of a basket. Rub
ber thimble and finger caps are usefui,
when ¦ these members are tender. . ; ,v: t '
Rattan is one of tbe most popular of
basket-making materials, because It is
light, long, tough, flexible and fissile. The
rt'eent awakening to the importance of
basketry has brought rattan into marked
prominence. Prepared for. commerce rat
tan is stripped of its leaves and bark and
is put up in bundles or round " or - fiat
strips, numbered from 1 to 15. No. 1 be
ing tbe finest and the most expensive,
Nos. 2, 3 and 4 are common sizes, and
No*. I and € being used for coarser work.
Buckeye splints are good and several
kinds axe well adapted to this purpose.
the wood being white, soft, spongy and
easily worked. The wood splints of com
merce are purchased In long, wide strips.
To prepare these for basket work two
Raffia is the name given to a Madagas
car palm. It has a long leaf, over fifty
feet in length, and thus the tree Is often
from elxty to seventy feet high to the
tips of the leaves. The leaf Itself Is very
brittle end would be useless for this
work, but the f.bers stripped from its
outside, it rough and pliable.
Professor James has written a book
entitled "How to Make Indian and Other
Baskets." which is the most complete and
authoritative treatise ever published. It is
from this excellent source that the fol
lowing Is reprinted:
The batket to the uncontaminated In
dian meant a work of art. in m-nlcn hope,
aspiration, desire, loi-e. religion, poetry,
national 'pride, mythology, were all more
or less interwoven. Hence the work was
approached in a tplrit as far removed
from that of mere commercialism, pass
ing whim or fancy, as It was from that
of levity, caretebsness or Indifference.
RafSa is ideal wea\*ing material for un
trained fingr is. It is soft and flexible and
easily handled. As strength and digital
dexterity increase stronger materials can
be used. ep;>ecially as they afford bo much
greater opportunities for the exercise of
tklll and artistic effort, e
Perhaps the best authority on all kinds
of basketry is George Wharton James,
and he tays distinctly "There sre five
simple methods of work, ali of which It
Is well to understand. 1 —The mat. 2 —
The p!aii. . 5— Tne net. «.— The coll. &.—
The web.
~i Y •« » rj vou leerned" how to make an
1 \ Indian basket? Well, «f >ou have
I j succeeded so far In dodging the
fever you may possibly e&cape by
fleeing to the country, for Just
• t present the art of Indian work has
come Into great popularity and is being
Plunged Into en all sides by the girl who
regards It es a fad. by the girl who
wishes to add to her collection and by
the girl who would do anything to keep
ber firgerr busy and kill time.
There used to be a time when the bas
ket that you cou'.d purchase from an old
trader was considered finer than one
picked up In a chop, and one made by
a "white" was not to be thought of for
a moment. Perhaps the people most to
blame In this transformation are the
tourists that yearly flood the southern
part of the State. A thrifty eoul. capable
to the ends of her fingers tip« and with
an eye to business, learned the art of
making and coloring and then she
promptly hied herself to th* various
hotels and kept herseif busy teaching the
folks of the Kastern States what the
Cailforniar.s didn't know themsetve*.
Never trust one woman to keep to her
self anythirjr especially interesting. While
her intentions may be absolutely g-»od
the temptation to impart news is too
ctrorg to be resisted, and besides it Is
much more sociable to chat anJ work at
the eatne time. So It was oniy a matter
of a very few months until everybody of
the south was making baskets, and what
Is more to the point, making them so
well that they defied detection.
BROWN AND PURPLE.— Logwood ex
tract gives a fine brown, and combined
with ammonia a , good purple. Walnut
ORANGE.'— Dragon's blood * gives a
pleasing orange. The powder can ba
bought from any druggist. Do not buy It
In stick form, as water will not readily
dissolve the ctick, and alcohol must be
ufced for . •« purpose. The powder is
much easier to handle.
RED.— Cochineal, though animal. Is sug
gested for a aark, deep red. Combined
with cream of tartar it gives a bright red.
Madder gives a dull red and 'can be bought
from the druggists in powder form.'Cran
berries give a dull red. and beets a color
similar but more satisfactory. The poke
berry gives a purple red. You will not
care to handle the poke berries, as they
stain t..e hands badly.
When the slum is well dissolved place
the liquid in a small tub and soak the ma
terial to be dved for fully two hours.
This allows the fiber of the raffla or rat
tan to take up the mordant, and thus
prepare for the permanent fixing of the
dye— a thing much to be desired.
6»ffroq can be bought from the drug
gists and Is easy to handle. This gives a
bright yellow. Onion skins give a dull
yellow that 4s vtry satisfactory.
GREEN.— Indigo, to be purchased from
any druggist, gWes the color for blue, but
tt roust be confessed It Is difficult to han
dle without experience. Learners will find
that indigo will not dissolve in water. Sul
phuric acid will dissolve it, but the add
will rot the material to be used. Bo be
fore the material Is immersed, the acid
must be neutralized by an addition of soda.
The sulphuric add is poured on the in
digo, drop by drop, and stirred vigorously,
causing the liquid to foam in an alarm
ing manner. There is nothing to fear.
however. As soon as the indigo is fully
dissolved, add water and put in the soda
until It stops, foaming. Be sure to keep
your bands out of this mixture. Use a
slick to rtlr It with. It is well to make
plenty of this mixture, which keep stir
ring often. This allows the soda to com
pletely neutralize the sulphuric add. and
the dye can be used with safety, diluting
with water when used.
As a rule all materials and dyes n*ed
a mordant. This Is to "fix" the dye.
Aluir Is a good ordinary mordant and can
be had. cheaply, anywhere. As a general
principle, however, chemistry teaches that
where you have an acid dye it is well to
have an alkali mordant, end when an al
kali dye an scid mordant. Some suggest
the use of a solution of alum dissolved in
a auart. of water. Others prefer much
less, preferably about four ounces to two
gallons of water.
To learn to dye well is a liberal education
in many things. One basket-maker found
in the purple iris a dye almost as deep as
Us own blossom. The faded flowers are
full of the purple liquid, and, when they
are rubbed on rattan, color it a beautiful
fhade' which is quite as fast as most
dyes.
cutting implements are uied. The broad
ttrlp Is placed Inside the groove of the
"elicer." which has three or more tiny
but sharp knives protruding from its
base. As the splint is drawn through the
cutter It is cut into the desired width, the
knives being set by gauge or screw.
Where no cutter is to be had the strips
may be made with scissors, but this is a
slo^y and laborious task.
In the matter of dyeing set firmly and
forever in your minds that aniline dyes
are "anathema" to all all true basketry
lovers. They are the "accursed things"
which bring sorrow into the camp of the
unfaithful. Do not touch them. Dtscour
ag» their use In others.
Vegetable dyes are softer in tone, more
harmonious, more permanent and better
in accord with basketry work. The loud
trumpet tones of aniline colors do not suit
euch soft and flexible work as basketry.
L Three-ply twined weaving and braid
ing In several styles:
1. PLAIN TWINED WEAVING.— The
primitive mode of wea-vin* requires a. set
•f warp elements arranged parallel to
each other. Two splints or weaves com
pose the woof and they are twisted with
tv half-turn around each warp stem. The
Aleut and Halda baskets are made In
this weave.
*. DIAGONAL TWINED WEAVING.—
The only difference between this style and
the plain Is In the manner the woof
weavers cross the warp strands. The
technlc consists In passing over two or
more warp elements at each half turn;
there must be an odd number of warps,
for in the rest round the same pair of
warps are not Included In the half turns.
The ridges, therefore, on the outsids. are
cot vertical as In plain twined weaving,
fcut pass diagonally over the surface.
t. WRAPPED TWINED WEAVING.—
In this weave element the twine Is
passed bbrixontally along the uprlgut
warp stem, generally on the Inside, while
the other Is wrapped around It and the
trprlght warp. The variations of one row
•X stitches Inclining to the right and the
other to the left Is caused by the weaver's
wxapp«g from above or below. Wben.the
rows of these stitches are forced closely
«pon one another the effect is the exact
method followed by the Neah Bay weav
ers. '
4. LATTICE TWINED WEAVING.— It Is
believed that this form of weaving Is con-
6. THREB-PLT TWINED WEAVING.—
The three-ply twined weaving Is the use
of three weft splints and other kinds of
weft elements Instead of two. and there
are four ways of administering the- weft,
vlr.: (a) three-ply twine, (b) three-ply
braid, (c) three-ply false, embroidery.
tltnklt, (d) f rapped. Bkokomlsh.
It might be just as wen to ear that In
all raffla work care should b« taken to
cut off loose ends aa tn« weaver pro
gresses with her work. In rattan, splint,
willow and other war* small fiber* will
split off from the work, and the** can b*
either singed off or nibbed oil with a fin*
sandpaper. In singeing be careful not te>
scorch the basket.
While the work Is damp It can eaafly be
twisted Into shape* bene* b«Tor» It to al
lowed to dry ens should correct all irreg
ularities. Ees If the shape Is as It should
be; especially examine the loops of the
border and see that they are all of the
same size: make the bottom fiat and the
lid t» fit. •
fined to the Pemas and !s known under
the urn* of Tl Weave. "The tl (pro
nounced tee) twined wearing consists of
four elements— <a) the upright warp of
rods, (b) a horizontal warp crossing these
at right angles, (c and d) a regular plain
twined weavlnr ot two elements, holding
the warp firmly together. Baskets made la
this fashion are very rigid and strong,
and frequently the hoppers of mills for
grinding acorns, and also water-tlrfht jars,
are thus constructed."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
THE ART OF INDIAN BASKET MAKINGAnything that is really good la the
leather line costs, but, considering the
wear and tear that one gets out of It, the
money value seems but very little, espe
cially with these new chain affairs that
rave not only money, but time, patience
and good humor.
slightest will have no trouble makxn» *
•mart pouch.
Of cours<% the purse on the chala Is not
going to drive out the combination card
case and money holder. These will al
ways be used to a certain extent, al
though they are not overly popular just
at present. They come In any number
of sizes, fashions and styles and are as
plain or as fancy as one desires.
The silver filigree trlmminr that has
long been so popular la somewhat on the
wane, as lace gowns axe worn so much
and the two always fail to agree. Jew
el* are frequently Inserted, amethysts
especially, as they are dainty and not out
of every one's reach.
The finger purse is quite as much pur
chased as any, but really they come tinder
the chained affair. Those with the mon
ograms are particularly fetching. Most
of them are large enough to carry cards
and unless one has half a dozen silver
dollars and some small change they serve
admirably, besides being exceedingly
smart looking. One of the big dealers has
Ftild that they are used more on acount
of the initial than for anything else, as
pickpockets are not anxious to be labeled
end if they see the purse first It not in
frequently makes a decided difference.
The three Initials were used, but now
only the one of the last same is fashion
able In silver or gold and fastened en
with tiny clasps of the earns metal
The small ones of metal are pretty, bnt
they are as expensive in proportion as
are the larger ones, and a cheap one Is an
abomination forever, besides changing
one's appearance very much to the bad.
The gun metal ones are swagger, as well
as quaint looking, but they remind one
of mourning, as they are worn mainly tor
that reason.
A small money holder Is made of carved
leather and is in circular form. Not ever
two inches in diameter at the mmt There
Is one circle within another, and some
where in the inner one Is an opening
something like a little door. When you
want to get in, turn the leather until the
combination is reached and there you are.
But. If by any chance the door opens of
its own accord, the bank Is very apt to be
broken.
ten when the conductor comes along
everything else is in evidence but the
thing most needed.
These purses, by the way. have a safe
ty clasp. The steel piece which slips over
the belt has a claw-shaped piece which
can be fastened into the band, and unless
the cloth is torn into strips no one can
possibly get It off and it' is absolutely
Safe, although all "you have to do is' to
stop on any corner and listen to* the pri
vate opinion of one man telling apother
how absurd it. is for women to' invite
pickpockets in such a reckless fashion.
'A - purse for general hard wear !* ' of
carved Mexican 1 leather. The leather, a
tan or brown, colors prettily with usage.
Never. buy a carved purse, in any other
color, for they are never. half as good on
account of the dye, and again, they al
ways look like a cheap, imitation. Most
of the Mexicans are long and : narrow,, so
there Is ample [room for decoration, and
many times: they are carved to suit the
buyer's fancy.'
Of all chatelaines the silver and gold
nets are by . far the ewellest and most
costly. They are: made In a number of
ways and "in a variety of patterns, but
the most common is a sort of fish ecate
which glistens and flashes in the sun and
which 'has all the bending qualities of the
snake. The clasp is of the same material
and may be plain or highly embossed,
but the daintiest of all la what Is known
as the Martha Washington pattern. .
The bead purses,, by the way, are very
much used, more so than the gold ones,
as they arc not so difficult to make. The
eilk ' comes by the spool and the beads
by the string.' The only trick of the thing
ia to hold the eilk tight and to - be sure
and* get f the design correct Naturally
the silk must not be broken and the beads
Bre slipped In as many here or there as
the pattern calls for. All. are : crocheted
in; first one bead,. then. two, silk stitches
and then the beads again -accordingly.
Burned > work Is popular and Is | the
cheapest of any, leather. Opera bags are
frequently made of this material, and
right swell they are, too.
, Buy a skin for ; 75 cents or $1. Select
one "that will not ¦ fight with every frock
you^possess or ever expect to havf. Cut
it ahv .'size.' you please, but s the i smaller
the better, as they are generally a recep
tacle: for' a- little of everything. If you
like trace a pattern on at home, or bet
ter still take it to 'a dealer, in' such things
and he will ;pnt it on- for a' mere song.
The burning itself is Bimple and any one
who - understands pyrography ; in ' the
It Is rather large and Is generally divid
ed Into two parts, one for mon^y and
the laxrer one for any of the numerous
little odds and ends that, one needs for
a short trip. The outside pocket Is a fit
and fine place for tickets, a6 they are
easily got at, and nine times out of
. The regulation traveling bag is one of
the most serviceable of the chain purses,
end it Is beautifully neat as well, which
counts for so much these days. Besides
all that, it kills two birds with one stone,
as It serves as a handbag and a purse all
In one.
£~|N HE purse has become all lmpor-
I tart. Without it every voman
I feels lost, and of a. truth she Is
j rather helpless and forlorn.
The belted affair that comes and
roe* with one Without calling Is the most
used of ail now. And what a blessing: it
Is! The busy woman who rushes down
town end who carries away fully helf the
ctore— or as much as she can inconven
iently n.ove about — always manages to
forget the most Important of all— her
puree. Sometimes she l:r.ds It out, but
many times somebody else has found it
f.rst, and then there Is nothing to do but
v. a'.k home muttering all- kinds of things
about people being stupid and foollbh.
Woman is a strange personage and she
Is very apt to carry her valuables In a
peculiar place, to say the least. It is no
or.ce-a-year tight to see a woman mov
ing about in a mysterious fashion, and if
you are one of the initiated you know
that her little horde is securely fastened
with a huge pin at the top of her hosiery.
Unless she is careful you might see a
powder puff and an extra handkerchief,
for that is the one place where every
thing and anything may be carried with
ell possible safety. Or again, she may
carry a chamois skin fastened to the lop
of her corset, another 6ecure place, but
me that is rather difficult to get at in a
crowded shop.
Trouble, trouble! There has always
been plenty of it and there always will
¦be just as long as women try to shop or
travel with something that lies in the
palm of their hands and that may be put
down and forgotten.
THE SUN DAT CALL.
THE WOMAN AND
THE
NEW CHAIN PURSE
13For those who play the piano, ths fol
lowing exercise Is very beneficial: Bit on
a chair and place the wrists on the knees.
Extend the lingers to the utmost, cramp-
ing : them Ifks claws ¦ and . bringing tnem
back to the palms; and continue ths move
ment. . . '
We had an eminent doctor here recently
-Dr. Lorenz — who tells us that In every
city there are ¦ thousands of deformed
children. It would "be well If science
should Investigate the causes of these de-
married lite the uswulncss of the body
and . the charm which belongs to their
girl life.
• ' The first sign of loss of form In woman
is the depression between the point of the
•houfder and the neck. To remedy It. the
'following exercise is suggested. The arms
are held rigid, the toes turned out and
, legs rigid. The shoulders are lifted up
toward the ears with great pressure.
Take a long breath as the shoulders- are
raised and as they are pressed down the
•breath is expelled. In this exercise the
arms are pressed against ths stomach.
The next beauty exercise Is as folio tee:
Place the hands on the hips, lifting ths
chest clean up from the hips, inhaling
and throwing the elbows as far back as
ybu can. In expelling the breath, bend
e lightly and extend ths hands across tfis
abdomen, pressing heavily in order to ex
pel the breath from the chest entirely.
Another movement: Place the hands
on the hips and lower the Wp to ths right
and make a complete circle of ths head
• and chert to the right" and left and thea
• reverse it. ?
Place the hands behind ths back, grasp
the left wrist firmly with the right hand,
allowing ths wrist to rest ca the lower
Stand perfectly upright on ens lsg. and
with ths other leg make a circle, bringing
the foot back to Its original position—al
ternating.
Lock ths hands in front and gradually
raise them with the arms pushing to ths
extreme front with all the pressure possi
ble, taking the breath and expelling it.
This will strengthen the shoulders and
back and equalize the strength in the
arms.
well up in the air, the head thrown well
back, repeating until tired. If you feel
giddy from these last few movements,
stop and begin again.
For an even, development of ths arm
without muscular knots, hold the arms
rigid etraicht out from tho shoulders,'
with tho bands closing and turning them
until the knuckles are turned outward
and then reverse the movement until ths
knuckles are turned upward.
The same movement may be executed
with the legs. Stand perfectly upright
and turn th« foof to ths right, twisting
the leg and making the same movement
which has been described for ths arms.
This will give easiness of carriage and
prevent that wobbly movement which de
forms many women.
Taken with a view of relieving ths pu
pils from too great a strain, most of thus.
In a confined ssaos.liks a sick room.
where air is none too plentiful, ths value
of a sound pair of lungs in a: strongly
buttressed chest Is easily understood.
What Is called ths swimming movemsat
Is specially Intended for ths development
of the chest and lungs." As lifting. Is ons
of ths most frequent exercises put Into
operation by the nurse it Is necessary that
her back and arms should be trained to
lift heavy weights without a strain upon
herself, hence ths exercise.
formltle*. Ths result of ta* Investigation
would show, perhaps, tuat ths assumption
of maternal functions by woman utterly
unfitted for that office was ths caisf
causa. — ¦
Ths various forms of exercise given to
ths nurses are, with slight modifications,
suitable to all women not organically
weak. Each exercise given to ths nurss
has a special purposs In view. To meet
ths requirements for ths special demands
for soms particular part of ths body
which should b« called Into play In their
actual work, special development is pro
vided. Taksths exercise for the chest,
for Instance. Deep breathing adds to the
lung power, strengthening and adding to
the cells whlls building up ths muscles
of ths chest.
The ordinary callsthenic movement *c
raising ths hand over the head, bringte*
ths head down and touching ths floor
with ths hands. Is dons with tsnss mus
cles and Is dons rapidly but briefly. Ttda
movement Is modified by turning ta ths
For strengthening the shoulders proper
ths upper portion of the back or for ds^
veloplng the neck ths pupil lies upon the
floor and throws ths feet over ths head,
touching the floor behind,. ths head with
the toes and thea springing straight ua
on the feet.-
The whole body Is strengthened and all
the muscles developed by bending ths
knees, locking ths fingers and swinging
ths locked hands over ths head with a
pump motion, bringing them down to ths
full length In front.
Some of these movements are dons with
the muscles tenss. soms with ths muscle*
relaxed, but all with a purpos*. In or
der to strengthen the abdomen and to de
velop the muscles of the legs ths knss*
are brought up to the chest alternately.
It Is a movement that healthily sJTeeti
all ths muscles of the body.
ing the legs, raising and lowering the for
ward part of the feet on the heels, raising
and depressing the toes.
The knees are strengthened by making
a half circle to right and left, keeping the
lower portion of ths legs rigid, ths upp«r
portion relaxed.
exercise* are given whils the pupils are
seated on the floor. These movements
have the effect of Increasing cot merely
the strength of the back but the elasticity
of the muscles. They also Increase the
muscular development of the neck and
shoulders,v strengthening the arms and
fully developing the muscles of the abdo
men. That the development of the abdo
men playm an Important part In all phys
ical exercises. has bees r too long Ignored.
Tbe>n!* people who seem .'to' understand
the.valus of abdominal muscular'develop
ment j are > singers, who build -v j> th« mna
' cles-of the abdomen by I deep breathing.
In order.- that the abdomen may support
the chest when the singer Is taking & high
note. This muscular development Is best
secured' by. the exercises already referred
to. .. v. ! . * £
The overhead exercise*, that Is* wh«re
the arms . are circled over the head,
strengthen the sides of the body, bnlld up
the chest muscles and secure to the pupil
strong, well developed muscles) ta the
calves and sides of the legs.
The rowing movement. ls given by wre»
en clasping hands while seated and g»*
tlr.r the resistance from each other by
pulling the upper portion of the body each
toward the other. The streztgtheslas; of
the wrist and" forearm Is seemed by
bringing the bands of. the pupils to bear
upon each other'a
Ths ankles are atrecstsextsd fcr eattend-
Cla^p the hand* over the back of th«
neck and move the elbows backward and
forward in front of the face with great
strength.
For th*> development of the throat and
for increasing the flesh pads and filling up
the holes between the shoulders and neck,
the following movement is excellent:
Bring the roint of uae cnin to the right,
turn thp point of the thin over the shoul
der. This movement must be done very
slowly. The other is to raise the chin
portion of the spine. Then raise the body
on the toes and press the hands firmly on
the back, coming down to a sittln? posi
tion and maintaining the body on the
toes. While in that position, raise and
lower the body twel^> Inches, then come
slowly up to the ordinary standing posi
tion.
$7 WILLIAM GREER HABRISO2T.
Y" AID down as a general principle.
1 the man or voman who docs not
I 1 work should not eat more than one
: J-«l meal a day; but the healthy man or
woman who exercises or works un
•der healthy conditions may eat sufficient
food to supply the necessary strength for
the work for uhich he Is engaged. Every
.atom of fi.»oJ in excess of what nature
demands la not merely wasteful, but
mischievous. This pai»er Is written not
for workir.gmen. that is. mechanics and
laborers, but for people who Jive more
or less a sedentary life, and Is especially
intended for women.
' The law of athletics Is this: If you elim
inate by exercise, cleansing the 6toroach
fced opening the pores of the skin daily,
the question of how much or how little
you eat Is of minor importance. Again,
a jyoman wi'.l do more work in a day and
srft less cood out of it than a man will
Co In two days. She will walk up and
dv^n stairs, she will perform a whole lot
if eocial functions until ehe gets' pros
trated and yet apparently has done noth
*Eg. Why? Because she is n«/t using her
'brains In her work. Instead of strength,
.she gets exhaustion. If a woman would
£ake fifteen minutes* exercise every
jmori.ir.g, using her mind equally with
her' muscles, nervous prostration would
be a thing she would know nothing at all
.jtbout.'NThe method of taking the exor
bis* and the kind of exercises to be taken
kr'e submitted and recommended.
•2 The sovereign duty of motherhood de
tcands trat every woman should prepare
hereelf for that duty; and no woman has
any right to bring children into this life
as mere inheritors of her own weak
•nesses. In my experience r.o woman
wants to do wrong or desires to do
wrong. Nevertheless, the goes on doing
"wrong simply because ehe is ignorant of
.her own weakness and of the best means
"of strengthening her body and getting rid
cX'her Ignorance and preparing herstlf
for the most godliko function in nature,
namely, motherhood. For as the mother
fi, to will be the child. Surely it is not
loo much to ask our splendid young girls
to" consider what their duty as mothers
demand from them.
-;1 know of no more charming, no better
jCcveloped race of young women in the
World . then we have In the city of San
Francisco. If they could preserve the
development of girlhood there would be
ns> need of my advising or anybody else
advising, but unhappily they do not. And
.ft - is to help them to preserve through
OUT at the City and Connty Hospital are three score nurse* wh«
are enjoying heal^Ji and adding to their physical beauty by reason
of exercise* they are taking under the direction of William Gree*
Harrison of the Olympic Club. Mr. Harrison} seeing the need of healthy
young women who are devoting their lives to the care of the sick, ad
vised with the head nurse, and at her. urgent .request prepared a course
of exercises. He instructed George S. Miehling, the wrestling teacher
at the Olympic Club, and the latter has devoted many hours showing the
nurses how to breathe properly, how to walk, hold their heads and de
velop the muscle* of their body in order that they might handle heavy
patients without danger of injury to themselves.
They all wear bloomer costumes while exercising. The room **t
aside for them is a large, airy apartment. There is little or no appa
ratus for them to use, and it was this lack that led Mr. Harrison, t©
formulate the following course of exercises tr meet the demand.
Mr. Harrison is president of the Olympic Club, one of the great
est athletic institutions in the world. He has made a life-long study
of the upbuilding of both sexes. He is a shining example of what
proper training will do for a man. Although over 6O years of age, h»
is as nimble and dear skinned as any man of 30. He is capable of out
walking any athlete in the dub.
Therefore the following artide from his' pen, specially illustrated
by the nurses at the City and Counts' Hospital. U of rare scientific value,
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
14
TRAINING NURSES FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY
HOSPITALTHE TIGER'S BRIDAL— CAN YOU FIND THE TWELVE WEDDING GUESTS?
ONCE upon a time there was about to occur in the jungle an event of unu»ual importance, and never, within the memory of the oldest inhabitant had there been any such doings before,. for
this affair was to eclipse all previous efforts of the kind. - It had been the one topic of conversation for weeks, and all the anxious mothers and longing daughters looked with envy. on the
Tigress, for she was to be married. The only creature who showed evident displeasure at the approaching nuptials was the father of the bride-elect, and he waj unreconcilable.. She hav
ing been the idol of her father's heart since she was knee high to the measles, it was only natural that he should feel grave concern -'for her future welfare. Her fiance, the Leopard, had
proven himself distasteful to his intended father-in-law on many occasions, and, in the language of the up-to-date youth. of that period, he was "on to him." The Tigress had been reared in the
lap of refinement and luxury, and her intellect and gentleness of disposition had won for her many admireTs in. her own circle, so that she might easily have chosen, for her companion ' in life one
more worthy of her than the Leopard, for he was very much her inferior in every way. -Her father had repeatedry tried to convince her of the folly of an alliance with one so far beneath her, but
because she was in love she failed to see it that way, for "love is blind." While the mother was a good and 1 worthy creatitre in most ways, she seemed to lack the foresight possessed by the
father, and, although the difference in station and natures of the young couple may have caused her some slight apprehension, still she lost no sleep over it, and went on with the preparations for
the wedding with unabated , delight. At last the wedding day arrived. The affair passed off nicely,. and was conceded to be the most gorgeous and brilliant event since the funeral of Cock Robin,
and amid the usual deluge of rice, old shoes and good wishes the happy pair went forth into -the' world to enjoy their honeymoon, and, presumably, many, many years of wedded bliss. After
all the excitement incidental to such affairs had passed away the young couple settled down in life and waited for the stork to pay them a visit Of course, at with, most married people, there
arose little differences between them, and had the Leopard been of the same gentle and refined turn of mind as his bride, they mightihave passed off as only little misunderstandings, but, alas! his
true nature now began to assert itself, and things went from bad to worse. Instead of being able to exalt hit nature to the level ofner own. as ihe had planned, she found herself sinking to his
place, and she began to realize to her sorrow that the only way to get along with her spouse was to be a brute like he was. To .one of her gentleness and refinement such a thing was ao re
pugnant that she went back home and got a divorce... . , . .;
The moral of this fable is that "A Leopard Cannot Change His Spots." ¦ ' \ W. M. GOODE2L \
Don't Miss This. BIG SURPRISE NEXT SUNDAY. Now Is Your Chance.
RAJ?! BAP! BAPI Come to order, children! Attention, everybody!
Something: very new is about to happen on this page something
so entirely different from anything you have had before that you
cannot possibly guess what it is. But before tho Puzzle Editor proceeds
any further let *<*¦» make an announcement extraordinary:
THIS IS TOT7B LAST CHANCE AT THIS LIST 07 PBZZZflL
Doesn't that surprise you? Well, it is only, because wo have some
thing ever so much better to offer you — something wherein the prises
are just as numerous and just as valuable, but— well, wait until next
Sunday, and then you shall see what you shall see.
In tho meantime, summer is still with us, and the days are Just
as hot, if not hotter, than, they ever were. So what is tho matter with
those White Wing* Life Preservers, and those Click Reels and Folding
Lunchboxes, and that Britannia Tea Set, and all the other pretty prizes
onthatllstr .
DONT POBQET— NOW IS Y0X7B LAST GHANGH.
Ah, and are you one of the skillful ones who won prises 1b the
Hunchback's Dream Puzzle, published June 81 f Bead the list below
sad see.
And now listen carefully. This is what you must do to win one of
those ZTFTY PRIZES: After reading; the fable about The Tiber's
Bridal, find The Twelve Wedding: Guests concealed In the big
tredg*, Berkeley, CaL, tea set; Rosa Wicks, Atchlson, CaL, bead necklace; Dorothy Peck. Watsonville,
CaL, tea set; Harold Sullivan., dl Powell street. Ban Francisco, printing outfit; Heatley Decker, Sanita
rium, St. Helena. CaL, catcher's mitt; Helen Elnaelen. 652 Stockton street. San Francisco, printing outfit;
Jack Cuahlng, Martinez, Cal., printing outfit; Gladys Fltzpatrlck, 2115 Klttredge street, Berkeley, CaL.
coral beads; John Harry, 3818 Mission street. San Francisco, sadiron; Violet March, Stockton, CaL, tea
set; Leon Lanedale, 107 Empire street, San Jose, Cal., package of stamps; Elsa Han sen, Selma, Cal., wa
ter wings; Gladys Boxlll, Bomerville, Cal., black bead, necklace; Lloyd Richardson, box 55, Byron. Cal.,
nickel dick reel; Virginia Vlerra, Moss., CaL, water wings; T. Hargente, 2401 Post street, San Franditco,
CaL, tea set; Albert Vlerra, Moss, CaL, water wings; Annie Phillips, 251 Harlan street. Oakland. CaL,
box paints; H. Ellssamburn. Ml Capp street, San Francisco, tennis ball; Willie Wreath, 810 Santa Clara
street, Vallejo, Cal.,. tea set; Hannibal Rough, Somervllle, CaL, White House game; George Jensen. Flor
in. Cal., printing outfit; Etta Burrell. 668 Thirty-seventh street, Oakland, CaL, bead necklace; Jessie In
geral, Tracy, CaL, printing outfit; Hazel Hearsey, Diamond, CaL, bead necklace.
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in "The Hunchback's Dream' 9 Fable Puzzle Published June 21.
C Cheser, box 114, Banta Clara. Cal.. paints; Gladys Lukena, box SS, Bast Auburn, CaL. bead neek
laee; Jim Irwln, Lorin. Al&meda County, CaL, box French paints; Raymond Wilson. Berenda. CmJL, six
agtute marbles; Agnes Scholten, 1523 Banta Clara avenue, Alamsda, CaL, water wings; Gladys Sherwood,
Eelma. CaL. water wings; Blanche Skelton, Belma. Cal., painting- outfit; Mary Alvasis, SiS Harlan street/
Oakland, Cal., bead necklace; Lillyan Butner, Hopland, CaL, tea set; Ethel McAllister, Ross. CaL, coral
necklace; Josephine Edwards, Chlco, CaL, tea set; Walter von Ronn, 1184 Filbert street, San Francisco,
catcher's mitt; Barbara Brigs*. State Hospital, Stockton, CaL, French paints; Ella Bomar, San Lucas,
Cal., tea set; Allie Walter, French Camp, CaL, White House; Edwin Byde, 1S1 Fisher street, Fresno. CaL,
water wings; Theresa Schad. 645 Washington street, San Francisco, detachable handle sadiron; Lola Ce
cil. Foresters' building, Sacramento, CaL, bead necklace; H. Bennett, Fruitvale. Cal., French paints; Hazel
Land, Linden street, Oakland, CaL, coral necklace; Effle 8Iatz, 607H LeaTenw&rth street, San Francisco,
Cower game; Ernest Shuelor, 149 Belvedere street, San Francisco, painting outfit; Gordon Banford, Ala
meda, CaL, Whits House game; Harold Cheney, Santa Clara, CaL, box paints; Edna Narjot, 2127 Kit-
picture below, outline - each, in pencil or ink and than color with
paints, inks, water colors or .crayons each, object as nearly like
its natural color as you can make It, nil in the coupon herewith with
your name and address and the price you desire— -If you win— and send
the picture, with the coupon Attached, to the EDITOB 07 THB ANI
MAL-FABLES AND PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco,
Cal. ¦ - : < '
To the FIRST FIFTY who not only find all the object* enumsra
,ted, but vhoM pictures are the MOST ARTISTICATXY COLO BED, cat
ef these Fifty prises will be awarded. Bemember old and young: may
eomp«t« t but ALL ANSWERS MUST BEACH THIS OFFICE BEF0B3
FBIDAY NOON. :¦'•*'. .
THE NAMES 07 THB LTJCXT WINNERS WILL BE PUB
LISHED IN THE SUNDAY GALL TWO WEEKS FROM TO-SAT,
July 10.
FOLLOW THB BTJLES OX TOTJ WILL BE DEBARRED.
Vow is tout chance. Don't alia it.
T- ¦mjmj abb in nun» nox wmxcx tow xay cxoosz xr tott
vrnn Water WL&rs, the inr life preservers for soys aad fixls wne will
to nrlm Curing tnelr vaoatloaj Teaals Ball, Hleksl Clio* Bs*V Boys*
Oatobers 1 lClUs, Sailboats, Xi<ras; Bead Vsoklaoe, Exoelslor Frtatlaf Outfit,
Brltaaala Tea Bet, rloww Game, Short Coral JTeoklaoe, WUtt Sauadroa, Box
of rnaefc ' Paints, Assorted Faokafe of roreljrm Stamps, Dstaefcable Zaadle
Sadiron, Assorted Box of Beads, White House Oua«, Xalf Dosea Arate Xar*
bits, Boys' Jieather Belns, PolOlnc Jrockot Zinncli Box.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
15
ANIMAL FABLES AND PUZZLES
TO T3EB JBUITOB
ANIMAL TABLES
AND PUZZLB PA03.
juiyoyieoa.
Name •rnimmmnniMnn
Street or P« O««» iTM«nm«»m
dty iimhi mimmii
State Mnoiiinniiiiuimnt
It Z Wla X Ohece* for Prise.. .
Mmiinnrn«rmnini»n»««»»«
' <•» Ust ef PrtssafBELOW is given the list of pris*
winners in the puzzle contest
.of "June 81. This was ths
Fifth Set—the Names of Flowers—
in the. Fourth Series of Name Pus
rles, begun on May 24. See if you
: are one of the luclty forty winners:
Helen Urban, B street, Petaluma,
silver hatpin; Marie Reynold*, Ar
mona, ping pong game; Lieta Jones,
713 Ninth street, Sacramento, horse
shoe, brooch; Edith Torington, 7ass>
Bobles, silvex bracelet; Florin* Ar
nold,' 8* HU1 strwt, tarn Fxaa
eiseo, silver fer*o*l«t; Xarfsxt*
Sealy, 1016 Webstsr street, Al**
meda, silver bracelet) Zlsi* Zallay,
1835 Webster street, Alamada, sIItw
braoelsti Ur«rvm Stereasv Itocktsa,
silver stiakpini Xla» Camay, Itsdto
toa, wrist purse; Hassl BoodU, laaa
•rville, silTer bnus«l«tj Son So«X
Mount Eden, piny, ponj set^ Mjlj
Tyler, 1028 Bush street, Baa yran
. cisco, silver braoslet} Kand Crock rtt,
Boulder Ci+*X, sUver tnoal«k| StAsl
Smith, 1088 Z*rna atrs^ laa
Francisco,', naval war rjtat| Xutk
Dewey, 718 Petaluma stx—t, Sa»
Bafael, silver beauty pins; JCarj
Moyle, Point w^i"*"^ ball smakl*]
Vyrtls Lovejoy, Steoktoo, saa«U lia*
tern; Ruby Wempl*, lam 7*s% tsaala
racquet; Bertha CamU, 1158 SLtil
son street, Oakland, tennis \ r*cqu»i j
Allle Rood, 1502 Golden OaU arenus,
San Francisco, writing desk; Chester
Gilbert, 819 Thirteenth street, Baa
Franeiseo, fishing rod; Wllli* Gard
ner, Frultvale, fish hook and lin»|
Harry Appleton, San Jose, naval way
game; Henry Kubler, 'Mount Eden,
pocket-knife; Darwin Smith, Sacra
mento, ping pong set; A. E. Sun,
Hanford, tennis racquet; H. Merrill,
958 Seventh street, East Oakland,
catcher's mitt; Lesley Jones, Sacra
mento, set beauty pins; Leon Cam
eron, 351 Devisadero street, San
Francisco, naval war game; Theodore
Dietrich, 547 Jersey street, San
Francisco, ping pong game; George
Howell, Presidio, San Francisco,
catcher's mitt; Kellogg' Cushing,
Martinez,' writing desk; Fred Seigel,
Los i Angeles, bathing suit; Henry
McCray, Salinas, writing desk; Wal
ter Hoober, 2411 Howard street, San
Francisco,' 'catcher's mitt; * Henry
Turk, 915 Bryant street, San Fran
cisco, fishing rod; Allan Telford, 1OO
Park* Hill avenue, San" Francisco,
nickel watch; Charlie Crockard, 3243
Twenty-third street, San Francisco,
tennis racquet; Willie Glass, Seaside,
bathing suit;* O shorn .Webster, 3272
Central . avenue, Alameda, fishing
rod.' ; '¦•- ;- r^;£ > - \ .-.¦=¦ --y.--
PRIZE
WINNERS IN
CONTEST OF
JUNE 21.
SN these days of general upbuilding and unexampled prosperity every boy and girl in th* eonatry
ought to know. th-' names of the implements that are being used to erect such splendid monuments
to Uncle Sam's commercial* prosperity. What, for instance,' do you know, about Carpenter ' Tools?
Everything <r nothing P . /" . ,. ' - r . ;V: ; ' / # . . .. .
Now, children; please, don't confesj that it is the flatter, for every one of youf no matter how re
mote you may live from the big centers of v metropolitan activity, has certainly had a chance to observe
"Nthese builders at work. If by any untoward circumstance you haven't, all that you will have to do is
to go out, Iook about you until you see a house, a barn or a store in the process of being . hammered
together, and then, approaching any of the good-natured carpenters at work there, ask him to give you
the names of all the many/odd and curious looking tools that they use. With that list to "guide you,
just go over each of the ten puzzle pictures «n this' page and see if you can solve, the mystery; of
what they conceal within their lines. The Puzzle Editor, though he would like, to give" you one or two
answers. to help and encourage you, notwithstanding his decision made a few weeks ago to allow you
to struggle with them all yourself in future, can assure you, that they are far from being as difficult as
"they look. . Just try them and see,; and don't forget that there are Forty Valuable Frizes for the lucky ones.
;And now each of the' ten pictures in this, the SEVENTH SET in the FOUBTH SEBIES of .the
-Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, represents the name of Carpenter Tools. Can you guess them? Try
and see if you are jUccesjful— well, read the list below, for the rich reward that will come to you.
REMEMBER— You may s end in as many, answers in your name as you wish, provided only that
:, you have a coupon to accompany each answer, and — REMEMBER— there is no age limit and young sad
old may compete. .-..'.'* ;,.; * '"-, r ' : ; 'v . > v i -: .'r-i '^'^•t*'^- '
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, July 19. ' r r, -
Now here'are the importan t points for . 70U ' to remember: . Th e First F' rty Boys and Girls who
send in ; correct solutions to th ese ten pictures before noon / ne xt Frlaay wiU win ' a prize. Don't
forget that "point, oecause it is very important. .ALL ANSWERS MUST BEACH THIS 01 FICB ;-,BY ;
FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those ir the country an equal chance to compete. Read everything on
this page, -to be sure that you bve 1 look nothing. -that will help you to win a prize.'
-This is what you must do to win one of those forty prizes:' Find the name of the Carpenter Tools
represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out in full in 'the space opposite the
corresponding number provided for the purpose in the couponon this page as per its directions— fill in
your name and address and the prize you desire — if you win — and mail the coupon to the "Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, San Francisco. , - ; -.;. -'. ". >v 'V-y ; >/' : : , - .
x . FOLLOW.THE RULES OB YOU WILL BE DEBABBED.
- \\ This : puzzle -jcontest: of the .FOURTH. SERIES will close five Weeks from to-day, but as a
further reward for.cleverness and industry a special prize of. $10 and a second prize of $5 will be award
ed for the highest percentage of correct answers in the whole series of thirteen weeks.
These are "the TWENTY-FIVE NEW* PRIZES from, which you may select if you solve all the
. ''puzzles correctly: Fishing rod, knapsa:k, belt buckle, pocket-knife, .boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line, hook and sinkers; bathing suit (for boys not over 14 years old), tennis racquet, catcher's base
ball m itt, pin g pong, get, base ball, letter seal, ..postage ¦-¦ stamp v album; I set silver ; beauty pins, baseball
¦¦}*• "maskriraVal- war-game;'': 6ilver bracelet;"'g6ld-niled"'b.br"sesHoe ' brooch, silver ' stick* pin, silver "hat pin,
wooden writing desk,' nail-file, ,hair 'combt\doW.\'^:^-'/:':/''^^ / . - .'.'.
<<; . . Those who won^j/rizes in the Fifth Set— -the Names of Flowers— published in The Sunday Call of
. June 21, will find their names in the announcement printed in another column, i . '"•;,- \<j-
ALL OF THESE TEN PICTURES REPRESENT THE NAMES OF
CARPENTER TOOLS - CAN YOU GUESS THEM
AND WIN A VALUABLE PRIZE?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puszle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers pleas* find my solution of
th* Fames of Carpenter Tools
rsprsscnted in this week's name
puzzles* *~ .
.-
1
/ : '¦ ¦ i
8 ...•••.••••••••••••••••¦•••••
, 8 ............I.;.
. 4 ..:.....
«
• 0
7
8 i.
10
July 5, 1903.
Stme
Street er P. 0
City
Btate ..................
2a I win L choose for prize
0>ec Lilt o; Prlzcm.)Sunday Call Comic SectionjTHE SUNDAY; CAIjIi.THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.Pages2t / to3i
Pages {n
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
.WliEATLAXD, July 4.-About 2:15
o Viock this afternoon one of the fiercest
Jires ever experienced In Wheatland near
ly destroyed the town. Fanned by a
vtrong southwest wind and with an inad
equate, water supply the fire was complete
master of the situation an«i in 'two hours
property valued at J2&MX.0 went up in
!»mok<'. At this time It Is impossible to
obtain figures as to the exact losses and
thr- insurance carried.
• The lire originated In the rear of F. G.
1*o<ra:;e's residence and was probably
LONDON, July 4.— A dispatch from
Rome to the Central News says Cardinal
Rampolla, Papal Secretary of State, this
evening summoned Cardinal Oreglia di
Santo Stefano. dean of the Sacred Col
lege and only survivor of the conclave
which - elected Leo Pope. Cardinal Ore
glia visited the Pope und had a secret
audience with him at 8 o'clock. After the
audience his Holliness collapsed and had
another fainting fit. Medical attendants
Special DUpatcb to The Call
Property Losses Two
. Hundred Thousand
Dollars.
Affliction Senile Pneu
monia and Heart
Weakness.
Disastrous Blaze
Sweeps a Town
in Yuba.
Sick Pontiff Sud
denly Grows
Worse.
O YSTER BAY, July 4,1903.---Tp Governor Taft, Manila, PL:
I open the Americcm Pacific cable with greetings to you and the people
of the PMUppines. THEODORE ROOSEVELT
POPE LEO'S
CONDITION
IS SERIOUS
FIRST MESSAGES FLASH ALONG THE GREAT CABLE
LINKING SAN FRANCISCO WITH PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
WHEATLAND'S
HOMES FUEL
FOR FLAMES
ROME, July 5, 9:5O a. m.—Jit sunrise this morning the news leqketi out from the Vatican better and resting more easily
than during thenight Dr. Lapponi, the Pontiffs physician, is awaiting the arrival of Dr. Mazzori to be held at 10 o'clock.
POPE LEO, AFTER CRITICAL NIGHT, IMPROVES AT SUNRISE
Continued on Page 23, Column 5.
ca'is'-u iiy a. defective flue. The fire equals
In estsat and the loss is nearly a« great
as that of 3S38. Kear',y the same district
was burned over. The following are tho
losers in to-day's lire as far as can. be
8*r-»rtain«><J: .
M. V- Sparks, five brick buildinge."
Costicued on Page 23, Column I.
found. that the action of the heart was
feeble and decided to sustain it by injec
tions of caffeine^ The Pope is also suf
fering frem'dystentery. Grave fears are
entertained as to the outcome of the pres
ent attack.
ROME. July 4.— Tbc -condition of the
Pope r showed some * Improvement during
Taf t's Reply
To President
•B^BrAMt.A, v July 4. 1OO3. — To
R/i the President. Wnshlns
* 'A tont The Piliplno peo-
.pie and the Americana
renident . In theiie. inlands are
triad, to present their respect
fnl grreetlngrs and consrrntuln
tions to the President of the
United Stnte«, : conreyed over
the cable -with which American
enterprise hn« girded the Pa
elfle, thereby rendering Rrcat
1y eanier and more j frequent
commnnlratton " between the
two eonntrteM. \ It frill certain
ly lead to a clorer union and a
better ; mutual nndemtandins;
of ench other's aim* and iiytn
pathlea and of their common
lnterent-ln- thr prosperity of
the PhllipplneH and the edu
cation and development of the
Filipinos. ... !. .
- It i» not Inappropriate to in
corpornie in this.' the first
mensnge neroii the Pacific ca
ble from the Philippines to
America, «n earnest plea for
the .redaction | of | the_ tariff on
Filipino , prod ncd. In accord
ance with the, broad and * llh
:ernl ; ._aplrl't . the 'Amerl
can people . desire to manifest
'toward the. Filipinos and of
which yon have been an earn
est exponent. .- TAFT.
Manila. It was as follows
"OYSTER BAT, N. Y., July 4.— To Gov
ernor Taft, Manila— I open the American
Pacific cable with greetings . to you and
the people of the Phllippines.
"TliEODORE ROOSEVELT."
At 11:19 o'clock the following reply was
received by the President from Governor
Taft: *
"MANILA.. July 4.— To the President:
The Filipino people and the American res
idents in these Island3 are glad to pre
sent their respectful greetings and con
¦ gratulations to ¦ the - President of th«
United States conveyed over the cable
with which American enterprise haa
girdled the Pacific, "thereby rendering
greatly easier arid more fretnient commu
nication between the two countries. It
will certainly lead to closer union and a
better mutual understanding pf each oth
er's aims and sympathies and to their
common Interests in the prosperity of the
Philippines and the education and devel*
opment of the Filipino?.
".It is not Inappropriate to incorporate
in this, the first message across the Pa
; clfiCi from the Philippines to America, an
| earnest plea for fhe reduction of the tariff
| on Filipino products, in accordance with
the broad and liberal spirit which the
! American people desire to manifest to
ward the Philippines and of which you
have been an earnest exponent.
"TAFT."
DISPATCHES CIBCLE . GLOBE.
President Roosevelt th? n sent the fol
lowing message around the work/ to Clar
ence 11. Mackay, who was with Mr.
Roosevelt at Oyster Bay:
"OYSTER BAY. N.T.. July
11. Mackay, President Pacific Cable Com
pany. Oyster Bay: Congratulations »nd
success to the Pacific cable, which the
genius of your lamented father and your
own enterprise made possible.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
¦ The message was sent at 11:23 o'clock
Continued on Page 23, Column a.
for the receipt of< the. messages .on their
return around the world and Ao re
transmit-them to President Roosevelt at
his summer home at Oyster, Bar. %
"The ! first; message over rhe cable ...waa
sent at '10:50 o'clock by President Roose
velt at Oyster Bay to Governor Taft at
. CHICAGO, July. 4.— The name of : the
young woman who* revealed, to detectives
the; 115,000 diamond robbery in Los Angeles
remains a /mystery." That there is~ "a
woman in the: case*.' is admitted by Wil
liam Baer, who was taken. from. the Cen
tral.police station late this afternoon to
begin the journey. to California. He was
asked • to - reveal the • name of the". young
woman, but positively refused tb'do so. j
, "I will go to the penitentiary/ if neces
sary,'^ the prisoner answered, 1 "but I will
not reveal the name of the young' woman
who so ofteji befriended 'me. - I ; anv-satis
fied""that she did not: betray -ma- volun
tarily. In fact, .the detectives themselves
• told >me they - were compelled to threaten
her -before she would. tell:what: they-de
manded.'; I will never bring any disgrace
upon her." '¦', .¦..-;¦ V ;
John. Kngvhalahd Charles, ReJnlein, the
t wtf" ; bell . boys ; who', confessed . to'.: having
been Baer's accomplices in the* hotel rob
bery, were: taken- aboard a western-bound
passenger train L with" Baer and Detective
Sergeants Hallcy 1 and , Kelly of Los Aii
"geles" . / ..'.'/. ; ' ' - ' ¦¦/ ; ' ¦ -. :
\-i The three prisoners , made full and '¦ de
tailed i confessions soon • after ¦ theip arrest
by. Sergeants j Gallagher '; arid
Thorn pson 'ten days i ago. ' : The ; detectives
recovered $2000 wbriJT; of the 'stolen gems."
the day, but his condition became worse
this evening, making It necessary for Dr.
Lapponi to remain again at the Vatican
throughout the night in 'order to watch
his patient.! Y^-JS:* '¦'¦-¦'
Although no medical bulletin has been
Issued, it- was learned late to-night that
the Pope's illness may be defined as senile
pneumonia, which has settled especially
in the right lung. ; \ : \~i
The Onsavatore. Romano, fearing that
the suspension of audiences, which :has
been decided . upon, ¦ would cause anxiety,
Interviewed. Dr. Lapponi, who said that
the Pop© had been rather fatigued by the
recent receptions and had consented to
follow his advice and take -several days'
rest.- His Holiness, however, has been
unable to leave' his bed since last night
and his heart is gradually becoming'
weaker, necessitating frequent^doses of
digitalis. ... . ., ; <*:.% _ ;
Judging from the present symptoms the
prognosis Is that If all ; goes well .the
crisis leading to recovery.' will occur with
in seven or eight days, but If the disease
takes a bad turn, especially if j the heart
grows weaker. ' a catastrophe may.; occur,
in four or five days.
1 Some cf tty) court dignitaries, It is. said,
have beiin ordered to" postpone thelrfde-'
parturc. Tor their ¦ holidays." ¦ '-", ;
It appears • that the condition of the '
Will Not Give Name of
Fair Accomplice
in Crime. : ;
-I It was a busy, day for Clarenc©^ H;
Mackay, president of the; -Commercial
Pacific; Cable *; Company; ", Vice
Baker , and : Superintendent TGccrgd -H.
Usher of the Postal Telegraph
who: sent communication /from Oyster
Bay, and' all the other officials of; the two
companies." - It"'- was at the '-• Broad-street
office that ¦ arrangements ¦ had been made
The firit message sent over the new
Pacific cable was ; qne | from iTesldent.
Roosevelt- at Oyster Bay to William H.
Taft. Governor of the Philippines, at, Ma
nilav- Following Governor TaffR reply
was the message ' from President I Roose
velt to Clarence H. ', Mackay,' president of
the Postal ;- Telegraph and Corrhnerclal
Cable', "companies. ¦; Mackay's , message
was '• followed by a number of congratula
tory messages from Governors of 'States
and other public : officials to Governor
Taft. '¦:'¦•'¦ -\ ¦'. •" ,' ; ' ~ -.''¦y'ri';
« yEYV YORK, July 4.— The Pacific
ga ' E cable was V successfully com
t*/\f Pleted at 10;50 o'clock to-night
¦¦'^ (Eastern time) by .the welding
together ; of the eastern and
western links at Honolulu on. beard ">the
cable ship Angiia, -thus completing the
entire line- from San Francisco to the
Philippine Islands, a distance of more
than 8000 miles, and bringing to a-conclu
sion the /greatest and moat difficult of
submarine cable enterprises undertaken
in theT'history of ocean telegraphy. •
A roessago from President Roosevelt to
'President Mackay of the Commercial Pa
cific Cable Company was sent over the
new' cable around the world In twelve
minutes, and ( .Mackay"s" reDly wan sent
'around the world in nine and a half.min
utes. ; The best previous time for a mes-'
"cage around the. world was made on one
"sent by United States Senator Ofiauncey
M.Depew from >».e National Electric Ex
position, Grand Central, Palace.: in "this
city In* 1S96. 1 It ; took fifty minutes to
transmit the message. , 1
FLOOD OF CONGRATULATIONS.
DIAMOND THIEVES
SHIELD WOMAN WHO
INFORMED ON THEM
Scenes' Along: the Pacific Cable's Route and Senders of First Messages.
VOLUME XCIV— ]St)r^33i-
SAN FRANCISCO, SID ND AY-^ JUIjY 5, 1903-FORTYrEIGHT PAGESl
The San Francisco Call., WASHINGTON. July 4.— Secretary of
AVar Root- to-day sent the following mea
#<acc to Governor Taft, to. be sent from
San Francisco over the new Pacific cable:
* Taft. Manila— Congratulat'on* to- Philippine
Government und people urcn being brought
to Governor Taft.
Officials* Send Their Congratulations
WASHINGTON'S GREETINGS.
MIDDLESBORO. Mass. . July 4.— A motr
of young men, angered jby.lhe arrest of
one of ..their number'^during V the night,
wounded a deputy. Sherlff ; . by shooting htm
in theSface .with a blank J .cartricfge,» as
saulted a policeman,. bombarded the house
of a J police. court Judge wtth; stones ;and
stormed the Town House in an attempt to
Tfjease .'the [.-* pris.oner.vV.They. ; "J previously:
had started , several fires and \ when Judge*
Shoot .Sheriff, Assault Police-, and
:-'i"v; Stone Besidence "of Judge.
CELEBRANTS RUN AMUCK.
Mrs. , Nelson 1§ a '.widow, : and the awful
climax of the celebration has "cast" a
gloom over the community. .
The, gun had been ¦ charged, but, there
wak no* {ntimation that It would; imme
diately.he fired it.V ' The Nelson boy.. was
stauding In front of the gun, when sud
denly it was discharged. Some one in the
crowd had : prematurely-^ pulled the : lan
yard and the waddlnff had struck the lit
tle fellow In the. stomach. The- charge
tore the child in a terrible manner.
The cannon once was used on the north
6hore of the Columbia River as a signal
gun, but was condemned. To-day patriot
ic residents of tho town used it in cele
bratlngthe Fourth.; :lt was fired success
fully several times, but on the fifth round
the acclde'iit occurred.
ASTORIA, '. Or.. Julyjl 4.— The, prcmatur<3
explosion of 'a -'one-pounder cannon thlk
afternoon : ended ; the 'c, life : of 11-year-old
Arthur. ' Nelson ' at Knappton, '.'Wash;,' ;'• a
small town rlear thls'clty.- The little.fel
low. 1 : W as frightfully mangled Vand death
was instantaneous. ' : ; ¦¦'.
Special pfepatch -to The Call.
Eleven-Year-Old Boy :Is
Shot During Pourtla! !
W. ¦¦•¦¦' Gelebration. j
Bomb Blows Car From Tracks.
TOPEKA,' - Karis.V July 4.— A' trolley car
LEADVILLE.-Colo.. July 4.— A mantle
of white covered this city this morning
and on the mountains hereabouts there
was two to three Ipches of snow. During
the 'night 'the temperature dropped forty
degrees and almost touched the freezing
Snow for Fourth at Leadvilie.
SMALL CANNON
KILLS A CHILD
."To the City of Manila. Philippine Isl
ands: City* of Los Angeles sends con
gratulations on the opening of the Com
mercial -Pacific cable and expresses
heartiest good wishes for the welfare of
the metropolis of 'Eastern 'America.
"M. SNYDER. Mayor."
to-day sent the following message to San
Francisco for transmission to- Manila
when, the final conncctionsof the new Pa
cific, cable are made:
nearer to the . people of America.- on whoee
friendship and good faith ¦ rent!) the hope pf a
glorious future for Philippine patriotism. One
more great event Is added lo those which
should make the Fourth of July a day of happy
memory In the archipelago.
EL.IIIU ROOT. Secretary of War.
Judge Chase Magoon. the law officer of
in Insular Bureau, who has had much
to do with the formation of the . legal
branches of the Philippine Government,
to-day addressed the following message
to Governor Taft:
Congratulations to you and the personnel of
STATESMEN -WHO PARTICIPATED iN THE EXCHANGE OF FELICI- I
TATIONS BETWEEN THE UNITED . STATES AND MANILA OVER
COMPLETION OF THE CABLE.
containing a number of passengers was
blown from the tracks of 'the' city rail
way this morning, whllfe'ln transit on
East Sixth street. " Several powerful dy
namite bombs had been placed on the
tracks by unknown parties and the pass-
Ing car exploded them. No one- was se
riously Injured, but all were given a shak
ing up.
"Slide for Life" Proves Fatal.
FORT DODGE. ' Iowa, • July 4.— Clara
Fox of Omaha was killed to-day while
making a "slide for life" on" a wire
stretched from the courthouse tower to a
telephone pole a block away. The har
ness In which she hung became unbuckled
Ju«t after starting. She fell Into a crowd
100 feet below, striking W. II. Wheeler of^
Fort Dodge and probably fatally Injurtng
him.
Fire Destroys Coal Digger.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., July 4.— Patrick Con
ners~was burned to death! and Frank
Haynes was .very, seriously scorched in a
fire which destroyed the ' floating coal
digger, or steam shovel. Plttsburff. an-*
chored in. the Mississippi River at the
foot of Mullanntiy street to-day. Haynes
Is in. a. critical condition. The. two men
were sleeping on the boat./
Scrap-iron Cannon Explodes.
HARL.AN. Iowa. July 4.— Charles Klnzy
is dead. Georgs Anderson is In a preca
rious condition, j having lost a^leg, and
Peter Jen?en will probably lose both eyes
as the result of a premature explosion of
a cannon which Klnzy made from scrap
Iron. The "cannon was about two and a
half feet long, the iron having been cast
around a piece. of gas pipe. . -¦- ¦
Thirty persons were cither burned or in
jured by the trampling of the crowd.
Some women and. children received inter
nal Injuries which may prove fatal.
Fireworks Start $150,000 Fire.
NEW YORK. July 4.-Fire started by
firecrackers to-day destroyed three shops
of the Manhattan Railway Company and
their contents, including fifteen motor
cars, valued at $6000 each, and twenty
passenger cars. The loss Is between $100,
000 and $130,000.
ELOQUENCE IN SONOMA.
Orators Speak and. Goddesses Bole in
* . Several Towns.
SANTA ROSA. July 4.— This county haa
had many patriotic celebrations, but the
one> to-day passes into Sonoma" nistory as
the greatest* and the best. "There wer«
three big - celebrations in the county— at
Sonoma, Healdsburg and Petaluma. Miss
Rena Small was Goddess of Liberty at
Sonoma, while -Miss' Mabel Sea well and
Miss Lucettl Brush- performed similar ser
vices at the celebrations held in Healds
burg and Ptaluma, respectively. In each
of these places there was a large influx of
visitors from other . places, many being
present at each celebration from the
county seat. ¦ ¦
Among the orators were Assistant
United States Attorney Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay of San Francisco, who made the
address at- Healdsburg; Judge A- J.
Bucklea of Solano County, who delivered*
the address at Petaluma, and Professor
Benjamin Weed of the Oakland High
School, formerly principal of the Sonoma
.High School, who spoke to his friends
and neighbors at the latter place. At each
of these places there was a literary and
musical programme, athletic games in the
aftefnoonrand a ball in the evening.
OREGON, Wls.; July"4.— A panic among
2000.' people resulted from the accidental
discharge of the .village's entire stock of
fireworks at a public exhibition to-night.
Fireworks Cause Panic.
The entrance to the Msdlterrean Se*
at Gibraltar is twelve miles wide.
DETROIT. Mich..' July 4.— Emil \ To
blan died to-da'y from a bullet .wound in
the stomach, received 'In a' fight | last
night. In which ; two other men.: were
shot. The other two men. Peter Krae
mer and Frank Haggener. will probably
recover.. The men were shot by An
thony Soloskl. a saloon-keeper, who
claims they were members of a gang
that attacked him and his place of busi
ness. Soloskl Is under arrest. ;':?,
Dies From Bullet Wound.
WASHINGTON,- -July 4.-More than
twenty casualties, mostly, of a. minor
character, were reported to-night as. a
result of to-day's.,.,.celebratlon of the
Fourth. The only, serious case was that
of John C. Symons of 'Laramlc, Wyo.,
who was a visitor to Washington. While
he was preparing an- Illuminating mix
ture :of chloride . of -.potash and muriatic
acid an' explosion occurred, in whlcft.Sy
moris received Injuries • which probably
will prove fatal. •¦ .
Scors of Injured at Washington.
I r ¦ l Atr > H^ cn -~ °' Manila was put into
j W^ direct telegraphic communlca-
B tion with San Francisco shortly
after 8 o'clock laEt night, when
President Roosevelt's message
was flashed across the great Pacific cable.
Then It was that the fondest hope of the
late John W". Mackay was realized, for
the first wave sent across the longest
stretch of cable in ell the world signal
ized the fact that the wonderful Pacific
cable was at last a reality. v ';.:-. j
. The opening of the cable. to Manila. was I
a success in every way. The weather
conditions were ideal and there was noth
ing to mar the occasion so long looked for
by the people of this city and the Philip
pines. After the first message was trans
mitted the cable was found to be.work
ing perfectly, and, beginning to-day,
regular messages can be transmitted over
the long stretch of wire as fast as the
operators can handle them.
No excitement marked the opening of
the great wire that is acknowledged to
be the grandest triumph in mechanical
! skill since the completion of the trans
! continental railway. Only a few tit the
jLoperators and one official of the Postal
Telegraph Company were present when
the wire began to tick off the first .words
of greeting between the two cities, sepa
rated from each other by 8300 miles of
water.
Superintendent Storrorof the Postal Tele
graph Company and the cable operators
were the only persons present at the time.
They waited arid 'watched eagerly for the
first throb of the little needle against the
tape. When the first sign was visible
each nodded to the other and then
breathed a sigh of relief, for this was the
signal that the cable worked well and
that . the vast undertaking was a suc
cess.
Piles upon piles of telegrams of con
gratulation were received during the day
at the office of the Postal Company, to be
transmitted to various persons in Manila
from persons of more or less importance
in this nation and city. It. was Impos
sible, however, to send them last night
and only the more important of the tele
grams were ticked over the wire. *(
A message from Mayor Schmitz was
sent and another from the Chamber of
Commerce of this city to the American
Chamber of Commerce of Manila. These
were the only local messages sent last
night, for the reason that the officials
of the cable company did not wish to
crowd the cable with an abundance of
matter that was of no" great importance.
Mayor Schmltz's message was as fol
lows:
SAX FRANCISCO - July 4 1903.
Goxernor Taft, Manila. .Philippine Islands-.
Accept San Francisco's heartiest greetings and
conjpra-tulntlon*. - May this'; new achievement
of *nterprise and science .finally completed
1 upon our nation's birthday. "always herald
tidings of continued success of your adminis
tration. E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor.
The mesrage from the Chamber of Com
merce was:.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 4 1903. #:
American Chamber of Commerce, Manila:
We extend to you and people of the Philippines
cordial greeting.
"May this Fourth of July inaugurating direct
communication with the islands through the
enterprise of the Commercial Pacific Cable
Company be also memorable, as more closely
uniting all who live under our flag.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. E. R. DIMOXD
Vice President. - ...J
Nathan " Washbiirn, ; Whose- house •" was
stoned, found that "the-' local -authorities
were helpless :> to control- the... riotous
crowds; -he t&lephoned to nearby . places
for assistance. Aid arrived at 7. o'clock,
but the mob had dispersed. >The summon
ed officers, however, were placed In
charge of the town for* the time being
and a call was Issued for the Selectmen
to meet for action in- the emergency.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— Mayor Snyder
LOS ANGELES'- MAYOR CABLES.
Sends, the Southern City's Greetings
to Philippine Capital.
the: civil g-overpment and the people of the
Philippines on 1 Ihe completion of another tie
that binds together our. common country. Our
natal day is a fitting occasion for the Inaug
uration of an enterprise evidencing the wel
come, fact thot the arrows of war on our na
tional emblem have been converted into elec
tric currents of commerce for the adyancejnent
anJ 'purposes' of" peace. •.. ¦
General .jGreely, . chief . : of the Signal
Corps, sent - : the ,. follflwing message to
Gbvej-hpr ,Iaft:\ . ' . ,, .'. v '.--i .
Kelicitations tjjat Filipino aspirations so hap
pily fostered by you and "your- associates po
litically are to-day eo emphatically promoted
commercially . by .^ connection with the United
States through American enterprise, . as repre
sented by'llackay and hi* associates.'
General Greely also sent a message of
congratulation _tp President Mackay of
the Commercial Cable Company. .•*>.':¦
Colonel Edwards, chief of the Bureau of
Insular Affairs? sent a cable to Governor
Taft as follows: "
Congratulations to you, your associates and
the peopKe of -the Philippine Islands on the
completion of the cable und the beginning of
the many resulting benefits. No portion of
the American public exceeds the army In re-
Juii-'ing over the progress of peace in the Isl
ands. ¦• ¦ •
\Vostal Telegraph . Superintendent and Operators
Breathe Sigh of Relief When
Needle Proves Success of '* Great Cable Project
ARRIVAL OF FIRST MESSAGE
FROM MANILA TO THIS CITY
THE SAN : FB ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY .5, ,1903.
22
DR. PIEaCTE'S BEMEDIES.
"To say a pleasant
word to anyone was
almost impossible." •
**I was troubled with female weakness for
eight yean ; and suffered more than I can tell,"
writes Mrs. Gust, lloxr of Ovando. Deerlodire
Co., Moat. '" My disposition was affected to such
ati extent that to say " •'-• — ¦'_,„ ' v
* .pleasant word to V)fgBR49B2PtiittX&&3A
cnyonc ¦ was almost jSfg&gMmHefc&fnSBmSL
tions. MrfoTmeT" b^ HJM^wS^^SS
one of the most skilled |Bp*MMwBt»glHgWWj
surgeons of the West, t^C^wSSf ,58889
but did not set relief'. WSg|hH»mS
Then, against my EpSsi^i^K'l^^
doctor's «trict orders, at iSsffiuBS
I commenced takipg |7
Dr.-Pierce's Favorite E> • -••'•¦>- .' s^
Prescription and R I
' Golden Medicni Dis- Hj^imI >j^tf?**™ i^ B *»^J
covery,' and also fbl- ft _- "^fc ".TK^sLJ-" -^1
loTTffd th^ advice >^?S^^4
rven In the Common B|&m£3 «»»1^^B
ense Medical Ad-" ¦prTT; ¦ «aS^s»**1
am as healthy: and 1 ... .\ri^Pr . '""•-'
well as a woman can 'I tin --*"; '":•'¦•
¦ Doctor Pierce enough \ /WjikflU^ .,
eases, as ¦ a rule, '¦¦ • V •'. ¦-- ' & - . -.-'.^ '¦.
spoil the "disposi* X^ ._^^g!
tion," because • of •' J£fi$8&t,
the extreme nerv- •»¦—¦— ftSSwiaMl
ousness and suffering they cause.' Haj>
piness as well as health is restored to
the woman whose diseased condition i.3
cured by' the use of Dr.Pierc'e's.Fiivorit*
'Prescription. "1 ;
After eight years of suffering and^ twi
fruitless operations, three months' use erf
"Favorite Prescription"' restored" Mrs.-
Mbser to perfect; health." "This "'great
retrie'dy for woman's ills,* establishes
regularity, dries weaVeriing drains/ 1 heals
-infiammation and nlceration and curri
female weakness".- '•" ti; ',
¦¦¦; -The Common Sense j Medical | Adviseir,
' looS laVge pages, in paper cavers,' is sent
¦free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps t,p
: pay expense of mailing only. ,Addre<ti,
Dr. R. V. Pierce/ Buffalo, N. Y..
Vi.«._ ADVEBTISEM^NTS. _
¦•¦•-• ¦ &-.-/'.. *¦'¦¦¦ -. ¦-•¦¦ ,-....¦.¦•-,^--- _- v ~-y.- . ¦•}¦¦"" ' -— ¦ ¦- •- " ::: ¦:* - - .,• •¦¦ V **
. ; > ; HEARTILY ENDORSES AND COMMENDS THE
READ WHAT SHERIFF TAYLOR SAYS ABOUT OUR METHODS AND TREATMENT
"I cannot tod'urgently advise anyone who is addicted to the excessive
use of spirituous liquors to take the Three-Day Clire, r and will add in all
sincerity ta^ of false pride to
deter him from entering your Institute is certainly prostituting his manhood."
«. . X _> r _ THREE-DAT LIQUOR L'URK' INSTITUTK? %
V. '' JBsSf&p^' *^%$%lvh " GENTLEMEN'— After observing the complete physical ind if.
¦ ' '. ¦'¦ ¦ ¦'•¦.©: sMMj&&(t^-' "" > ; OT^^?^ • 1 ' thl V county, who was a slave. to the whisky habit. -I have only *^
•.:,; .. Q j^^^UJfiMH^Bllife T rT_!nL^ J. words of praise and commendation for tha efficacy and percsa- X
¦•¦ ¦ '-' e\v^^* '-* nency of ¦ th« Three-Day Liquor Cure. ' ''•"/-.•
$ ' ;S> - F° r reasons, which I ascribe to buth curiosity and friendly 'p
' . : % f&BX&MBsSmtK . , - ;A solicitation..! have carefuliy watched tfils gentleman sUice he O"
O JCTlfP^ BBfflP^^A'1 4^^^**^ left^your Institute, and can candidly state that his behavior, £
O <MHJHi iilfi&P^*'' * " ' f§$ll|$L!l$ bearlns and general demeanor leave? absolutely no doubt in
• • ¦>¦ - -9 - : f W^SmJiiMwr^'^ my mind that he Is permanently cured of the Liquor Kablt. £? . ;
K W^&^'^^M^^^^-'JM^^^^ J cannot to ° urgently advl«e any one who is unfortunate O
."• A' ¦*¦ - - enough to be addicted., to the flxcessrve .use pf spirituous S
..]>};V< ... «>; " : fiSEaSoBgJl HQ^ors to TAKE THE THHEE-DAY CURE, an.1 will a.i.l in a . .;
' /BmBBbMBI all stncerlty that any drinking man who is allowing a s»ns» of
!•' . .# ¦ faIle rrl<3e to deter hlm from enlerln S' > our i" SJ 't u te. Is ccr- $
§ - You are at P er f ? ct liberty to make public us? of this £*
V \^MB -;>>'^ i?^Xjft&^^xffiir letter, and I earnestly hope what I have saM will hive thu
J^ - '^B[''' ' MBS wl^^r « oc "? effect of reclalmini? some unfortunate frum tho thraldom ,
A «P^gpBSB^ (Sipned> W. P. TATIiOK, '-'
§ . . . . • SherlS Marln County. {%
\ Shtrlff Taylor is perhaps the most widely known and popular official in Marln County. His
' high praise of our Institute comes from intimate knowledge of people we have cured of the
drink habit, and his public commendation .of our treatment arises from an upright mans, de-
sire to save suffering humanity from tne curse of drink. .,-.';
There are thousands of living witnesses to the fact that our treatment cures the drink-
ing man more thoroughly and surely and. uniformly than any oth.er method. ;-,..-
Our Cure has been earnestly endorsed by distinguished Judges of San Francisco and L*>*
Angeles, other prominent men of both these, cities and citizens everywhere of eminence- and
probity from whom no money could procure an undeserved commendation.
Our long- experience in the treatment of victims of Alcoholism enables us effectually to de-
stroy the desire for spirituous liquors without the use of dangerous HYPODERMICS 'or
SYSTEM-WRECKING DRUGS. Patients leave our Institute after three days prepared to rc-
x " sume, their daily avocations, full of vigor and ambition and prepared to take their rightful
positions in business and society.- 'OUR NEW SANITARIUM for patients Is beautifully lo-
cated,- "far from the madding crowd." on the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park. The arrange-
. xnent. equipment, service and facilities for successful treatment are perfect in every way.
.. . and the beautiful surroundings and perfect quiet of the sanitarium make It an ideal home * "
A WOMAN'S WARD. We have equipped a ward for the treatment of women patients.
. '. ';¦ Lady . attendants, thoroughly versed In their duties, administer to the pattents* wants.
.WE. WILL. CONSIDER It a favor to be allowed to prove our assertions and will gladly
- . ¦* ref<>r to well-known people whose standing will bear investigation here and in Los Angeles
\ whom we have cured of Alcoholic Intemperance.
ALL COMMUNICATIONS are sacred and we hold secret the fact that any person has
. . taken. our cure.. unless authorized in writing to publish the fact.
Physicians who refer their patients may be sure they will be returned to them perma-
nently cured of their desire for Alcohol. FOR GENERAL INFORMATION in rcferer.ee- to
the business write or apply to the executive- officers: ¦, )".>'.'¦.¦ ' ¦ . . • ;
THREE-DAY LIQUOR CURE INSTBTUTl:, Inc.
; ¦', ';.;"¦ ¦_¦¦¦¦• ;. • ":..... (office opened sundats) - ' ~ .
/Suite 301, Starr King Building, 121 Geary^Street, San Francisco
• * V5>^«oiith 8prSig;-StrcctV Los" AngclcsV : ;
LE. XILMEH'S SWAMP-BOOT.
K!D\EY AND 3LADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Ma!!.
r>r. Kilmer's ST.arap-Root. the ¦ pfedt
kidnry rcm«dy. fu'.niis every wish- in
promptly curiiiR kidney, bladder and ur'.c
acid troubles, rheiimatl?m and r«i" In tlic
hade. It corrects inability to held water
and scalding pain tn passing it. xjr bad
effects follcwlns use of liquor, wine or
1><-er. and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
• <.fSFity of being compelled to go often
durlrg Jhe <5ay and to Ret up many timc-s
dlrrirg the night. The miM and the ex-
traordinary, effect of Swamp-Root is soon
rea!lr«l. It' stands the highest for its
. wonderful cures oZ the most distressing
<**?es. ¦ i
Swump-Roct If net recommended for
evcry:krrg. but if you have kidney, liver,
..bladder or t:ric acid trouble you will find
¦ it Just the. remedy you -need. *•
If you need ¦ medidnfyou should have
tht- best. Sold by ¦dl'uffgfzts in fifty-cent
?nd cne-tJoJiar Efsct. Vou may have a
•sample hortle of this great klc'.ney rem-
edy, Swamp-P.oot. and a book that tells
a! i about It and its preat cures, both sent
absolutely free by mall. Address Dr.- Kil-
mer & Co..' Binghamior.. N. Y. tVhen
»-ritJr:g-. be rure to mention that you read
thi^ cenenma offer 1:; The Ban Krancisco
Sunday Call. Don't make any mistake but
remember the aamr, Swamp-Hoot. Dr.
Kilmer's tiw amp-Root, and th» address.
BinRhanton. X. Y.. on every bot:l2.
Snails «s a Delicacy.
. **I wo'^'.d rfot roLTfd any on<? ever to
e.at a snaii." Kays Lk-utfiiant Cclonel
Newnham Davis, the well known author-
ity en the art of «Jin!rg,.in the June.num-
bcr cf the Pall Mall MaRazine. "The two
attempts, in lhe eause of gastronomy,
that I have made to swallow the long
brown things that cne pulls out of the
EteaminR shells have bee:i failures. They
tacted to me like gravel cooked In mock
turtle soup. But if any one Insists on ;
rating snaile as the French do. he (for
I never would believe that an English she
would be a sail eater) had better net try
the dining places near the Halles. but
should go to the preat Parisian oyster
house, Prunier's. where he can eat his
scails of Burgxmdy or Champagne or
Bordeaux from plated bowls within the
cleanest surroundings."— New Ycrk Tri-
bune.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN WOMAN'S BREAST
A LUMP IS CANCER
? lump ox sore on the Up, face or aaj-
Tvhere six aicatts is nearly alway*
<V ;.caacer. It never pains until
elm oat part cure.
I WILL GIVE $1,000
If I Fail to CURB any CANCER or
Tumor. NO KNIFE OR PAIN.
Sot a Dollar STeed Be Paid Until Cured.
• TUe nearest painless and infallible
¦ cur* c\trr discovered. Best free book on
carvers ?ver prlntM sent with tes- -
timonials of tliousards cured "whom you
<an se». A smali luml> in the breast
wHl p«)!!e O [i the glands in the armpit
whef our.- is often impossible.
In "0 yf^rs I hAV<» cured more can-
rrra tlr^n ;»ny oth»>r- doctor -llvlne. -Why
fxj>eri^er.t w'.th the swindling X-Ray
or horn<» treatment until pact cure?
Icvestisrate ray absolute .cuarantec.
120 pare book sent free.
The Dr. Ghamley Cancer Cure Co.,
"Strictlr Reliable."
Office*: 23-25 Third St , SAN FR1XCISC0.
P.'eascsend to some one with Cancer
. • — - : • "; ¦• ' -¦ |
r^*» f VHi ORDER for H
¦Awm| I £Sj2SkjH t*frd B
. - — j ; j
fj\ SPHEROID fit
pv LENSES lf\
j*A Give the Widest V*-
I \ Range of Vision
Vfi42
s^^v^sw^^fc^bK-tv^^ah^^^K-^a
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ Sr Tfc« i*rfe»t A»»t«Bic»l Miueuat in tke
Q L PL, Wo »'*- *ie«kt«t«* or anjr contracted
1 S=*5l dl *'»" »* mltl *' l » '••¦•< l»Ttht«lde«
O /I5 to I b ? (clA:tuCB 'keCont E»Lj»yctrv j
A flKgA B». JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEH
6 I M'TL.Ti Tr ** !:atr « trr*nn\'j *r by letter. A
1 17 ila f—Une t>jrt ia e»eiy c*ic nndrr.»««r. |
mri! P Wrirv for Boak. miLOHJOPsl V *f
¥ • (I * BtnrlMCE, HAILED FKES. (A
A O ii- **>>»blc book far mm) ',
" r»K JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Mfirkrt !SL.R. F.
_ CUTLERY
EVERY BLADEMRRANTED
Purilyi-jtrtitn.rfliii- aaJ re n, We :. Cause.
'¦"^*iil , aj * ;t -« Uon . coxaSi)«« absorption «nd
For the cure or nil dJ«cn*?r« nf «h« Stonneh.
Liver -Bowel*. Kidney,. Bladder.- Femtlt Ir-
-ilVt! IC ?\-, PI ** an<1 "" <ler«nireirent« of the j
7..tem«rN<kcera. «3c • box. At arursrlsti or'
U mall. RADWAY -V CO.. New York. .
'¦.Vy%\'' ¦';. ¦:_;.'.' :':'¦'.;:.' '-V'.. /ADVERTISEMENTS.
jMW»<gjy ttK.T.TiTx.3' ti/ \ *ST Jm Vt-A T '• Ma wSZM 0S • VrA • \ ffA Ka TM PBTm I • 1?*
Tsrp:Y '- GAT^^^Z^ <^rrvr^f^^^ m
1 HEY WBIM YOU ASkC FCBH ' I
Candy Oath&rtio aro alwasrs put up in" blue metal box, .our trado-tcaxkod, uh
longr- tailed O on tho oover — tablet octagonal, stamped COO. Never sold in bulk I Imitations ill
|H and substitutes aro sometimes offered by unscrupulous dealers who try to palm off Cakoa" xrhon
SB OASOABETS aro called for, because the fake pays a little more profit. Get the genuine CAS- j||!
I . CARETS and with it satisfaction or your money rofundedLunder iron-clad guarantee." 10,006,000 jraj
tm bozea a yeazv that's the Bale ofOASOARETS today, and merit did it They aro a perfect euro Hlf
Hg V tor Constipation, Appendicitis, Biliousness, Sour - Stomach, • Sick Headache, Bad Breath, Bad $ty
Hj ¦'. Blood, Pimples," Pilee, "Worms- and all Bowel Diseases. '-. All drusrgista, 10c, 25c, 50c. Cample and ' M
SS- booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Co^^Chicago or New York. Bfi[raB&: v • S9 FlRATORY AT WATSONVILLE.
Judge Maguire Delivers an Address
After the Parade.
WATSON VIL.LE, July 4.— For the first
time in three years the people of Wat
sonvillc formally celebrated the Fourth
of July to-day, having heretofore joined
with neighboring cities In district celebra
tions. The day was one of beautiful sun
shine and the celebration was a great
success. The parade was viewed by thou
rands of persons. The floats were many
and beautiful. Numerous fraternal so
cieties made a strong showing. Gayly
def ked vehicles, prancing horses and
trades displays were features that created
favorable comment.' Grand Marshal P.
J. Thompson and his staff deserve praise
for the successful manner In which th/y
handled the details of the parade. Colonel
John A. Koster, formerly of this city but
now of San Francisco; was chief aid to
Grand Marshal Thompson.
Shortly before 11 o'clock the literary ex
ciclses began. On. the ! platform were 13.
A. Hall, prc/Ment of the day; Grand Mar
prial Thompson. Colonel Koster, the Hon.
Jamrs G. Maguire of San Francisco, ora
tor of the day; W. V. Gaffey ?3r, of San
Francisco, reader of the Declaration of
Independence: Mrs. B.'-'.F.t Nance, poet;
Miss -Edith '-'Inlay;' Goddess of Liberty;
the Revs. P. Hassett and Richard Rodda,
Mayor R. P. Quinn, Aldermen \V. R.
Radcllff. W. Jl. P. Hill. T. J. Horgan. J.
E. Ostrander, Dr. Nat Green and a cho
ma of fifty voices uaderthe direction of
Vf. B. Anthony and Miss Flora • Cooper. •
The Watsonville cltyl- band, .under the
direction of J. Lee Burbeck, rendered ex
cellent muflc at JntervalH during the ex
rrcist-s'. The most Important 'feature of
the occasion was the, addrees of Judge
Magulre. In the afternoon there were
athletic exercises.
FAIR GODDESS REIGNS.
GRASS 1 VALLEY, July 4.— Tonight's
ball marked the close of a great Joint
celebration In this city. Nevada City and
Grass Valley joined bands for- the occa
sion, and a. magnificent success resulted.
Tho city was the scene of a,- monster
gathering.. A brilliant parado took place
In the morning. Miss Marcclla Martin,"
a popular, and •pretty; young lady, j ruled
as Goddess of Liberty riding on a float of
white and gold." Franklin K. Lane deliv
ered the oration. "- - j
This afternoon sports of all kinds occu.
pled the >Ime. The Defiance Hoso Com
pany of this city won the county cham
pionship In^the-firemen's race. , :t.:. : . .--, .* .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 4. —
To-day itaw the last of tho typhoid
fever epidemic at the university. Tno
Students* Guild Hospital, which has
done euch yeomen Service daring the
last three months, closed its doors after
pronouncing its last patient cured. This
hospital was fitted up in Encina Hall,
the boys' dormitory, at the outbreak of
the -fever. The guild procured at Its
own -expense all the appliances neces
sary for the proper feeding and care of
the sick and employed a large corps of
trained nurses, who have been In at
tendance ever since. As a sequel to its
good work the guild is making prepara
tions for the establishment of a perma
nent hospital for poor students in Palo
Alto.
Fever Ceases at University.
LOS ANGELES. July 4.— The Rev., Kobert
J. Burdette. tlio well-known humorist and lec
tunr. htia accepted a call to the pastorate of
a new Baptist congregation to be formed In
this city. The church has te«n organised by
the Rev. C. T. Dougtass,' home missionary ¦ for
the Southern California Baptist convention. It
ivllf be inaugurated with about 500 members..
Eighty-live per cent, of the children of
Japan arc now in school.
Pope becam? suddenly worse after yes
terday's drive In the Vatican gardens,
when, notwithstanding the temperature
was 93 degrees Fahrenheit he caught cold,
which settled in his chest and head, pro
ducing shortly afterward bronchial ca
tarrh, accompanied by a slight cough,
thirst, lassitude and watery eyee.
Feeling his responsibility. Dr. Lap
ponl would have liked to have a con
sultation with the best physicians in
Rome, but the Pope absolutely refused
to acquiesce to this. Ho said he had
every confidence in Dr. Lapponl and add
ed that the- only other person he would
allow to te called was Dr. Mazzoni, who
operated on the Pontiff In 1899. When
Dr. Lapponl remarked that Dr. Mazzoni
was a surgeon and that therefore his pro
fessional services were not needed the
Pope replied:
"It does not matter; it is not for his
profession that I want him, but because
I like him."
It. has therefore been decided that Dr.
Mazzoni shall visit the Pope to-morrow
mornins.
TWO CARDINALS KNOW TRUTH!
An 'official statement of the true condl:
tlon of the Pope has been made only to
Cardinal Rampolla, aa Papal Secretary of
State, and Cardinal Oreglia dl Santo Ste
fano, a3 dean of the sacred college and
Camerlongo. In the latter capacity Car
dinal Oreglia, in the event of the Pope's
death, will perform an important cere
mony. Assuming violet robes of mourn
ing, 'he >' will proceed, to the death room,
where,'; while all'are kneeling, he will un
vcll: the. face of the departed and strike
the forehead of the dead Pontiff with a
silver hammer,; calling the. deceased by
name/ and* then- will solemnly announce
that the" Pope Is^ really dead.
"It-Is alleged that Cardinal Oreglla went
to tho Vatican, .hammer in. hand,- when
Popo Leo was operated on for the removal
of . aS cyst in 1899, and that his . Holiness
had disliked the. Cardinal since that time,
showing this- dislike even last Ma"rch,
when, in answering an address . of con
gratulation -upon . the ninety-third, .anni
versary of his birth, which was read by
Cardinal ¦ Oreglia as deaiv the Pope; con
trary to ; custom, combated- the opinions
expressed by the .Cardinal on several
questions.. .. , ', il
.. The other Cardinals received private In
formation'of the Pope's illness and some
of them .went to the Vatican, but. they
were .not" allowed to! enter: the sickroom,'
Dr. * La pponl .having given- the strictest
orders that all conversation and cause for
excitement should be avoided.
POPE'S NEPHEW INFORMED.
Practically Pope Leo is nursed only by
Dr. Lappbnl and his trusted valet, Plo
centra. .A- telegram .was '" sen>. to-day to
Count: Ludovlco Peccl, the elde*.. nephew
of the"- Pope, who lives at Carpinetto. the
birthplace "of his Holiness, informing him
of the Pontiff's Illness. . . ; , ; <
.!' The- wildest . rumors are In circulation
here regardlngthe condition of thePope.
Some represent the Pontiff '* as . sinking,
and others so even further. - The -Vatican
authorities .wish to delay any announce
ments of the Pope's condition and to keep
4 * -
Continued From Page 21, Column 3.
SONOMA'S CELEBRATION.
SONOMA. July 4.— The careful prepara
tions for a great time in the old town of
Sonoma resulted in the day being cele
brated In a manner which ecliosed all
previous efforts In this line. The Native
Sons turned out in force. Miss Rena
Small, thft goddess, on the large float
looked charming. The High School float
was finely arranged. The Glen Ellen di
vision of the Sonoma parade was a sur
prise to aU. It formed In line near the
Verano bridge and went from thence to
Sonoma. Carriages containing the offi
cers of the Dunbar Club preceded the
float, on which Mis^ Ella Monahan and
lier ladles of honor ' rode. Thcso latter
were Miss Amy Popno. Miss Agnes
Cooper. Miss Shirley Cornish, Miss Josle
Lane, Miss Carrie Le Moin. Miss Zena
Brand, Miss Ella Cczad and Miss Annie
Qulen. The Native Sons turned out In
force.
The programme in the pavilion was a
short one. but very interesting^ Fred T.
Duhring delivered the oration. Professor
Walter Bonbrlgbt of Glen Ellen spoke
and Mrs. Laura B. Powers spoke of the
work being done toward getting these
historic places for the State.
all news regarding him secret as, long aa
possible In order to gain time to prepare
the Cardinals for the conclave which must
be held in the event of Pope Leo's death.
A press correspondent went to the Vat
ican at 2 o'clock this afternoon and found
the only noticeable difference to be a re
inforcement of the detachment of Sw{ss
guards at the bronze door and an equal
reinforcement of Italian police outside in
readiness for any event. The massive
building of the apostolic palace only
showed a greater number of lighted win
dews than usual. The correspondent
learned that the Pope was very restless
early In the night, but that be dropped to
sleep at ai )ut midnight:
BERLIN. July 5.— A Rome dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiser received at 2 o'clock
this morning says that Dr. Mazzoni vis
ited the Pope's sick chamber and later
announced that the condition of hla Holi
ness was still unchanged.
The Tageblatt's Rome correspondent
says the Pontiff la suffering from severe
inflammation of the lungs. Cardinal Oreg
lla dl Santo Stefano, the Pope's cham
berlain, the correspondent adds, will pre
pare for the. eventuality of the death of
his Holiness, in which case he will take
charge temporarily of the affairs of the
church.,
FESTIVITY AT WOODLAND.
Independence Day Is Worthily Ob
served by Tolo Citizens.
WOODLAND,. July 4.— The Fourth of
July celebration was a big success. It
was given under the auspices *of th«
Woodmen of the World. » There was a
grand parado In the mornins. In. which
most of the societies participated. .There
were many beautiful floats In line.' Th«
Woodmen, the "Women of Woodcraft.
Companions of the Forest. Native Daugh
ters and other aocietlcs made a nne show-
Ing.
The officers of the day were E. C. Tooth
aker. president; Colonel T. V. Eddy of
San Francisco, orator: Rev. C. Calvert
Smoot. chaplain; H. E. Coil, marshal, and
I. P. Dlggs and Frerf"Mast, aids.
There was danctnsr, racing and other
amusements at Nelsons Grove In the af
ternoon and the festivities concluded with
a grand ball In the evening.
POPE LEO'S CONDITION IS CRITICAL
Continued Irom Page 21, Column 1.
John Stincman. two brick buildings.
J'arnurH' Bank, partial loss.
J. I.. WaKis. t*vo residences.
K. 11. Roddan, lumber yard, building
and stock.
¦\Vil!iam Carney, American Hotel and
contests.
Dr. R. S. Brown, drugstore.
J. M. Johnston, poEtofflce.
MARINES ONi- PARADE;
Vallejo Residents Enjoy Programme
Rich in Entertaining Features.'
VALLEJO. "¦ July 4.— The celebration, of
Independence "day here' has been an un
qualified success throughout. The event
of the forenoon was a parade, of which
W. S. Killlngsworth of Vacayille was
grand marshal. : The features were the
tine marching of several companies . of
United States marines from Marc Island,
under command of Lieutenant \ R. M.
Cu'tts; the skirmish drill of Spanisti
*Amcrlcan War Veterans, a- miniature of
the United States ship Ohio, with smoke
Issuing from the. three stacks, and the
Vallejo Fire Department.
At the literary exercises Frank R. Dev
lin acted aa president of the day, Mlea
Edna Willis read the Declaration of In
dependence and Commander C. T. B.
Moore. U. S. N., delivered the oration. At
least 150 of the little inmates of the I. O.
G. T. Orphans' Home, located near here,
were the guests of Vallojo Lodge, Benevo
lent and Protective Order of Elks, and
were made happy.
During the "afternoon sports of various
kinds were held In different parts of
town. There was dancing at the Pavilion
and horse racing, motor cycle and auto
mobile contests at the race track. The
evening was 'devoted -to an illuminated
carnival, of which M. H. Carroll of the
United States ship Boston was King.
Dr. L. Melton, drug stock and instru
ments.
B. F. So».«?H. grocery stock-
Four Corners Publishing Company
newspaper plant, R. N. Murphy proprie
tor.
J. F. Baun, residence, contents and out
buildings.
Mrs. Jane Muck, residence and contents.
A. Rieehers, residence and contents.
John Stincman, two residences.
\V. H.* Stone, two residence buildings.
B. F. Monson. household goods.
Baptist Church.
Mrs. C Justis. two residence buildings.
J. M. Gardiner, livery stable, residence
and contents.
Southern Pacific Railroad depot and
several cart. al£O freight house and con
tents.
J. L. Wallis, two residence buildings
and household goods.
F. G. Dowane, household goods.
E. E. Roddan, residence damaged.
F. A. Houston, household goods.
A. C. Stagner, hardware.
J. E. Blackford, railroad agent, house
hold goods.
The fire train from, Bocklin was sent
ovfr by the Southern Pacific Company
and was the means of saving the Odd
Fellows' building. The fire Is now under
control, but the railroad company still
has the fire train here in case the blaze
breaks out anew.
HOMES ARE FUEL FOR FLAMES
and was received by Mackay at 11:35
o'clock, making the time of its transmis
sion around the world twelve minutes.
Mackay replied as follows, his message
going around the world eastward:
"To the President, Ov*ter Bay: I thank
you deeply for your m«Ssage. and I earn
estly hope that the Pacific cable, by open-
Ing the wide horizon of the great East,
may prove a useful factor to the com
merce of the United States.
"CLARENCE H. MACKAY."
President Roosevelt received the mas
sage at 12:04«4 o'clock. The time con
sumed in passing around the world was
nine and a half minute*.
ROUTE OF THE CABLEGRAM.
The course of President Roosevelt's
message around the world was by the
Postal Telegraph Company's land line
from Oyster Bay to San Francisco, thence
by the Commercial Pacific Cable to Hon
olulu, to Midway, to Guam and to Manila.
From Manila to Hongkong the message
passed by the cable which was lifted and
cut by Admiral Dewey in 1898., From
Hongkong it went to Saigon, to Singapore,
to Penang, to Madras, to Bombay, to
Aden, to Sues, to Alexandria, to Malta,
to Gibraltar, to Lisbon and to the Azores.
Between Hongkong and the Azores It
passed by foreign cables. At the Azores
the message was taken up again by the
Commercial Cable Company and sent to
Canac. to New York and to Oyster Bay.
A message starting around the world at
5 a. m. to-day would arrive at Hololulu at
11 p. m. yesterday, at Midway at 10 p. m.
yesterday, at Guam at 1 p. m. to-day and
at Manila at 6 p. m. to-day. It would
pass through India at 3 p. m. to-day and
would return to New York before 6 a. in.
Thus It would have made an excursion
from to-day into yesterday and have ar
rived back at New York within an hour
of the time it started.
Another message leaving New York at
a p. m. to-day would arrive at Guam at
7 a. m. to-morrow, apparently fourteen
hours after it started. Continuing Its
VETERAN MAKES AN END
OF LIFE AT YOUNTVILLE
Soldier Who Fought in Philippines
Obtains Pistol and Shoots
Himself.
TOUNT VIL.L.E. July 4.— M. C. Ben
dick, a Spanish-American war veteran
and member of the Veterans' Home
here, shot and killed himself yesterday.
He was 30 years of age and had served
in the Philippines in the Twelfth United
States Infantry. He suffered from a
severe ailment, which was greatly ag
gravated by fits of melancholia. Im
pressed with the idea that there was
no cure for him and feeling that he
might linger and suffer for many years,
the unfortunate man determined to take
his life.
Knowing that a rule of the home
prohibited the members from having
firearms in their possession, he secret
ly wrote to San Francisco and had a
p'istol sent. him by express. No suspi
cion was aroused at his receiving the
package, and he was free to commit the
rash' act.* All hie plans were made and
carrietr out" with a-eet purpose-^ By .his
side when the body was found was a
note to Colonel George "vt". Walts,
commandant of the home, giving his
sister's address and asking that 8he be
notified. A mother and sister survive
the deceased.
journey it would arrive at Sues at mid
night of to-dav and back at New York
this morning.
FOLLOWS HISTORICAL CIRCUIT.
¦ The President's message was sent
through the following sections of his
torical electrical circuits, welded Into one
circuit and interpolated in the circuit of
the Postal Telegraph Company:
1.— Section of the wire over which Pro
fessor Samuel F. B. Morse sent the first
message by means of the Morse tele
graph. ,_
2.— Section of the wire over which aud
ible speech was for the first time trans
ferred by means of the Bell telephone by
Professor Alexander Graham Bell.
3.— Section of the Atlantic cable through
which the first cable message was sent
across the # ocean by Cyrus W. Fie'.d.
4.— Edison plug and section of wire
through which was lighted the first in
candescent lamp ever . lighted from an
electrical lighting central station.
5.— Section of the first trolley circuit put
up at the historic Richmond, Va., electric
railroad by F. J. Sprague.
6.— Section of the wire through which
the current of electricity was sent by
President Cleveland when he opened the
World's Fair at Chicago.
7.— Section of the wire through which
the electricity was sent to illuminate the
headquarters of the American Institute
of Electrical Engineers by Moore's sys
tem of vacuum tube lighting, thlB being
the first room In the world so lighted.
8.— Section of the cable through which
the first current was transmitted from
Niagara Falls electric power plant, April
16, 1895, loaned by William H. Hammer of
New York.
Former President Cleveland sent the
following message to Governor Taft:
"I desire to join my fellow-countrymen,
both here and In Manila, In congratula
tions upon the establishment of tele
graphic communication between these two
distant points of our common country.
May this means of intercourse alwaj'6 be
a conservator of good will and national
prosperity."
GRAND DUKE VLADIMIR I
BEFRIENDS PRISONERS
Goes at Head of Troops to Quell Blot
and Finds Captives' Complaint
Well Founded.
ST. PETERSBURG, July A.— Eighty po
litical prisoners Who had been transferred
from a preliminary prison to the convict
prison here on account of overcrowding
and who were placed in solitary confine
ment, rebelled and sang revolutionary
songs. An uproar and a conflict between
the guards and the prisoners followed and
attracted a large crowd of sympathizers
with the latter.
The Grand Duke Vladimir visited the
prison at the head of a company of infan
try, which had been summoned , to quell
the riot. He declared that the over
crowding was' deplorable, , remarked that
the array was not designed to do the, duty
of prison guards, and immediately, report
ed the condition of the prison - to the
Czar. .. "'; J '-,-.• -.ni ¦ -¦•¦ ' *¦;''
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
FIRST MESSAGES
ALONG THE CABLE
THE SAN FRANCIFCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 5, 1903.
23
ADVEBTISZMZlffTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
. BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 28th.
THEnt^ AHD BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 90-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Alcnts
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
EYESIGHT
W^DOLLARS
Your e>c« are *orth roor? to jou than jour
dollar*. In eye ewvlci cost Is a s^coodary con-
>f you com* to u». - If jour *>•«•» trouble vou
Aottt rif-cWt them. l«Tt it w!*w to hp«i4 ;•
<lo!lar or *o v.lth i-s now th»n to gpend h«tj-
drfdk of dollars tryin* to restore lo»t Bljrht in
J«Jr-r yegry"! Our examinations are aclentlflc
j>»mf taking. lhr>roujrti. our instruments the
ntui-t modem. No over the counter rnethoOe.
r:«!l «,n » family of eyesight eperfalixu V a
CUSE AND FOim -SONS. 1023 Market n.
r>n. f. a. clise & sons.
r:"*'.$:ht Specialism. \OZ.\ Market Street, K. F. :
- *:I irtaji it were pritif-lbie to mak« all th^
T>^^!r »-ho lieve ltnj>^rfcct vleioa understand
Ttwi perfect work you »w doln? In fitting
B'a»*n>. Tlie ti\-*yn-r you jirejeTi bed for my
v.ife at i<1 t«o dautrhter* arc entirely Fatiefvc-
\'*y. VMrst, m manifr of your profession you
• •uc! : tr, 4n a fine bur.inee* lierc in San Fran-
citco. Voum truly.
JAMES W. IIARKIB.
t-.uui. C*\ St. It. U. Co."
.Flavoring extracts and
spices am apt to be coarse
or weak; Schilling's Best "an:
as fine s:id ctron^ as nature
afford z.
Ai y j j jra er*«; aor.ejrbacfc. #
. ApVEBTiaEMENTS.
lo thing
Economy
Showing how taste and economy
can be combined
% ——————
n^HE man who exercises taste in the selection of
X his clothes need not spend a great deal in grati-
fying his desires, if he uses good business judg-
ment and makes every dollar count.
The clothes we make combine taste and economy.
They are designed, cut and made by skilled crafts-
men and the assortment of sizes in which they are
made insures a perfect fit for any customer. The
patterns are seasonable and arc suited to San Fran-
cisco's climate and necessities.
The ciothes are economical because we make
them in our own workshops and sell direct to the
wearer. This eliminates the middleman's profit and
gives you the clothes at but one fair profit over the
cost of making. In round figures you save fully
twenty-five per cent.
To make the clothes more economical we repair,'
sponge and press them free of charge any time they
are brought in. This alone will save you I5 or $10.
Our stock of ready-to-wear clothes comprises every
sort of garment. The prices range from $8.50 up.
We offer the same advantages in the boy's and
youths' clothing as in the men's.
If you live out of San Francisco write for our new
6f page illustrated catalogue.
8> N\V50P$fi)
740 Market Street
._'.:__ ; -'-•-.-.-'•' ADVEBTTSEMEHTS. • .
A SANTIAGO HERO RECOMMENDS PERUNA.
Commodore Nicholson of Our Navy Recommends Peruna—
sviLiivr rrominvnL ivivn ivSLiiy*
/T^— :_. >^^\ Catarrhal Nervousness.
P"H^^^I^HHiHHBlHHBBHHBIHBHHBBssssiK Mr. CUarles Bro-nn. Rogersvllla, Tenn.,
commend it on every hand. I will answer
f^gjfig^i^i".. *^V^r~~^~sS^J*^--- ~ ~^jf 7^^^^3 what Feruna has done for me." — Charles
:^K^S^^. . "^^^^1^'^ £&3&±. ' B J^ 1 brlnga refreshlns sleep, good appetite, and.
V I rTnTCKt V/m t «. » Peruna the simple trial that advocate*
LjLJ V-* 1 Cj PSl I OUNGi J /)tl -J//))Wt advise. I do not believe It has a superior
f fN . - - - ' *i^'3T<cTv: -VjT either as a remedy for catarrh or as a
V^^J m^ mmm '^P m i /*L*^ *^>fe. ' WJ Y^z-zZ^ffl/ tonic for the depressing and exhausted
f^^^^te^ / condition which is one of the effects of
' /yyWffiZz^Lg^^^ Ig2&522y f /f th« dlsease."-B#nJ. F. Hawkea.
L, TOTTrx . v ,,. Vf , _ . . tm/l//yy2a£^(Wt WzZ^Z/y J- C. Hervua Peiletler. Pert, do l'Agn-
UCIEN YOUNG, Commander of the ((SW/l^^^Vj V%f Ififc^^/V/ culture Ottawa. Oni.. writes:
U. 8. Navy Gunboat "Hist" during Y«ASii ' (^- Wr&r=0t > " 1 L he Peru " a i3 t pa L tJ ? ul i rIy ,,*? C «f I ?h«
- i \r^ vl -^^ in the cure of catarrhal affections or tne
the battle of Santiago, was especial- \H /Jp '^%WJY/''Z lungs and bronchial tub<?s. and It is in
ly mentioned by Admiral Sampson fcr U - (^ 7 JS^^^U^^^t^^KS'S
his gallantry. He writes from Washing- ,\,\vv^ \r>^ , v fa \t^*S/j this winter of bronchitis. I am complet*-
. n .-, . k\ '"I dSS?^" 'y restored and I owe th.inks tf> the Po-
ton. D. c. u , . \><^^ *J][Va T?^^-^ runa. I have recommended this remedy
.. I C> fc^^T// ra' "AvV T := -""'> to a number of my friends afflicted
The curative qualities of Peruna cj$4_\Ss^M I CM^&L wlt . h - i he ¦»»•»">«"«• % n< ? h , th ?^, 1 , h 51 a K,^
• .- ¦ ' • Si — \vr — =r^ verified my good opinion of this valuable
as a cure for catarrh have been fully ¦¦ - g^,(/ -J <Jyj7^^^^^-^ remedy."— j. c. iiervus p«iiieticr.
established by the use of the same r^SSb l^^^m^l Nervous Debility.
J \T^?£i Everyone who is in th«; Iea.-«t d<?^r-*<?
most successfully by many of my Vj^^^^^^fWHT SSSuo?. memar?:?? g ue 9l or Pl neTou S
acquaintances, and I can recommend *Ht- Jr'TS^e^ugT^iSt
anyone so afflicted to try it."~Lucien 'MT only T^o^Td uk, i» to ueep
Younn ** : =^tz=-%i^z>^^^g^Z^^5z^g£- t j 1P blood pure, digestion good, and sleep
•»• cr^^^^-\\^*£^5S5ySOg^gB^^^^^* ro?ular. No remedy equals, in all re-
— — ... ».. . . t^^rtr^ =Sr ~r"^^*^^-'^^^^iirf' J - *nprt* PerUHit fo»" these piiri)O!«t»«. \t th*:
Commodore Somervllle Nicholson of the >? s^tern l"run dow-n and weakened by
United States nav>'. in a letter from 1837 - ' ;^^^!^?*-^^-^^S^^^ \ catarrh. Peruna renovates and rejuven-
R street'. Northwest, Washington. D. C, r^^^fi^lt diseases of
eays: r c^Ss^rj^vsgy.^'' ? summer will be mailed to any address
"Tour Peruna has been and le now used . . <Z^~Z~-^ & he Pe^ na ™* MM
by so many of my friends a4id acqualn- «^.^"^ *** •"" j'i you do not derive prompt and satis-
tances as a sure cure for catarrh that I SS^t'SSS'toD?. HarVman/ JSS3? a
am convinced of its curative qualities, „...,,. . . . full statement of your case and hn will
and I unhesitatingly recommend It to a.r PeS^ 'a^ng enSo^meTt. Men Sy^S " *" "' "*"
persons suffering from that complaint."- O f all classes and stations are equally rep- Addres" Dr. Hartman. President of
S. Nicholson. ,. resented.. / V The Hartman- Sanitarium, Columbus, O.
The above testimonials are only specimens of the many thousand letters received touching the
merits of Peruna as a catarrhal tonic. No more useful remedy to tone up the system has ever been
devised by the medical profession.
' ADVKRTI3EMKMTS.
CJ1SH or CREDIT
YOU are assured of receiving the same goods — at
trie same saving prices— and the same satisfac-
? * . t tory service every time
I g • -n i , | you purchase here.
I zz -z ± iz iz j T^i^M J fi!^ : ¦
l4yjljyy=L I <-'-'|/hg-| I
IRON BED - Brasa t mming; fu'l size; reg- | OAK SEWlNG TABtE— RtpiUr ft.$oi
ular $S va'uc; thii week only. $4. SO i th : s week only . .... . $1*0 O
Remnanti of UNEN WARP MATTING, from 4 to fOl/ . _ -
IS )ar«Js; # re£ular 40c and 5CC ya'ues; this wreck mdm/iG ¦ jfStm- mm
1 We are Complete Home Furnishers - Hotels, Flats or Country Homes.
Estimates Chcerjully Given.
9 *^ FURNITURE CO. ¦*
338-342 POST :ST~&S$Si»*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P-k- ¦—--¦ - - ; « I
I I903 "WHITE" STEAM TOURING CAll I
I file Fastest Stock Automo- 1
1 bile Built in America j
£i> With condensor; boilerless, compound engine ;,chainless drive; light w
g weight; high power; no vibration; no noise;- as simple to operate as; an «
£> electric; Jarge 'radius of operation; greatest reliability; smallest cost of S
X . maintenance and operation.;;; • ¦ . . • • v :. «
<§ ' We are iust i completing.;iargcst andrbest equipped'automobile station 8
ft- west of Chicagti, at Market ; and Franklin streets.' All kinds of automo- 8
X -biles : stored,' rented and repaired •'-'¦' ¦••,.- Q
& -. -Second-hand- gasoline wagons for sale cheap.. Sec us before. buying 2
g an automobile. ¦¦ We can now, make early deliveries. - -I'.j " : "Q
I WmTE SEWIMG MACHINE ¦ CO;,;' |
fer Orf ice and Salesroom, 300 Post St §
§ - . ,. .Telephone "Black" 1 106. &Pacific Coasfc Traffic
Agents Meet at
Paso Robles.
Ride to a Celebration
Sadly Ended by a-
RAILROAD MEN
HAVE AN OUTING
FRIGHTENED GIRL
LEAPS TO DEATH
MENLO PARK, July 4.— Assessor Hay-'
ward o(/ San Mateo County has . com
pleted the assessment; roil for 1903. His
!i£ure?» show that the county has added
property. to the value of two-thirds of
a' million dollars' during : the*!' past.* year.
The; valuation of all the real estate is
19.000.000, and; the improvements - on
the land are .worth, more* thari*a' ; third
89 ranch, while tho total value of tho
real and personal property in the county
is $15,000,090. . :._.., A
San Mateo Property Values.
Charles Hombeck. Southern Paclflc. and
daughter; h. i:. Montarue. Southern Pacific;
V. Harriock. Illinois Central; A. A. Pothamun.
Southern Pacific, and wife: \V. w. F.Illoit.
LJurlti.gton route, and wife; T. H. Fox, South
ern Pacific:; Miss HearJ. N. R. Mertln. South
ern Pacific, 'end wife; F. M. Vanhcrn, Union
Pacific and wife: G. A. Parkyns. Southern
Pacific, and mfe; Ml" Pierce; R.. ArTblalen.
Southern Patfflc;;«". V.*> Ecclttton. Union Pa
cific, and ' sister; - M. C.i Abger. (Southern Pa
eific:" H. C Jtsha. -Chicago and Northwestern;
T. J. Kitz**rald. Texas Pacific, and wife; L,.
U (JItaon. Southern Pacific; M.W. Monahan,
Burlington rcute. : and wife; fi. J. Voen, South
ern Pacific, and wife: E. K. Garrison. Chi
cago. Milwaukee ami St. Paul: B. I. . Coombs.
Rock Uland. and wife: W. K. Fessendcn. Rock
Inland, and wife; Gecrge j, niech, Texas-Pa."
rtflr; F. . H. SJcGlnnJs, Houthern Pacific, and
mother; Allrn Ocxld, Southern' Pacific, and
wife; CJrcve Ketchum, Pledmcnt Air Line; A.
Adams, Pacific Coast agent of the Nickel
Plate road. There was a hurry and scur
ry to the bedrooms, a few h<*irs" sleep,
and then everybody appeared, again re
freshed and ready for a day's fun.
Shortly before 5 o'clock this afternoon
the Los Angeles division arrived. The
members were greeted at the railway Ela
tion by the San Francisco party with
flags and hearty cheers. On the hotel
porch the southern men received a great
er ovation. Railway men met their busi
ness riva'.s with a hearty handshake, and
traffic and other matters were cast to the
winds. Those In thc-Los Angeles party
were: : \-' r :
At 7:30 o'clock the entire party marched
into the banquet-room, each carrying an
American flag. A pretty menu of a clever
design was printed by Manner W. A.
Junker for the occasion. Jay W. Adams
acted as toastmaster/ At the conclusion
of the repast a dance was, held in the par
lors of the hotel, i To-morrow, morning at
8:3) o'clock the San Francisco 'division
will return home. The Los Angeles party
wiX leave later in the day. ' --
r. .Terlnirton. Southern Pacific, and wife: F.
A. Valentine, Canadian Paclflc. and wife; H.
W. Muggins, Great Northern, and wife; Prank
I.Hthrojj. Southern Pacific: E. EhUMnsbtirg,
Southern Pacific, and wife: Mlts U. M. Whit
more, G. L. Travis, Southern Pacific, and wife;
J. W. YValterB. Rock Island: Frank L. Miller,
Rock Inland; J. L. Star. ton. Rock Island; I..
B. Valla, Southern Pacific rC.~ Andrews. Texaa
Pacific. ~.*.r
Tram, a. large sheep dog owned by . a
suburban resident, has been. decorated by
the Paris Society for the Protection of
Animals. At the meeting of the associa
tion held in the Winter Circus.: the /Min
ister of Agriculture b«ing in the chair.
Tram's record of services was read oat.
He has saved several -persons, including
his master, -from drowning, nas. dragged
small children out of. the way of parsing
vehicles and j> has frequently found.jmlss
'jn~g. f objects for* his'owner. For all these
distinguished services Tram was decorat
ed with a splendid collar,' inscribed with
his own' name and with that of his mas
ter.' The 'decorated dog barked - and
bounded about with delight on the p!at
form after the coilarwas put on his neck,
much to the amusement of all 'present at
the meeting. The society 7 distributed
awards to policemen who had summoned
carters and cabmen for cruelty to their
horses. Some of the Paris cabmen who
are noted for treating their animals well
were also recompensed.— Paris correspond
ent of the London Telegraph. ;
Sheep '; Dog ' Decorated.
Texas now produces more cotton than
Georgia and Alabama, the next two larg
est cotton States, combinctl.
During the last three months the Eas
ton Sparrow Club, in Essex, has destroy
ed 7394 sparrows as being pests to the
farmer and gardener. •
PORTLAND, Or.. Juty 4.— Edward V.
Sewc'l. supposed to be a commercial
traveler for a Chicago wire and steel
firm, committed suicide by shooting him
self to-day at the Hotel Belvedere. It la
supposed that he took his life on account
of despondency.
Commercial Traveler Ends Life.
••Why are New' Englanders the bravest
and most brilliant of America's sons, and
why do their deeds emblazon the pages
of American histories V aaSs "William M.
Handy, in the Booklovers* Magazine. The
answer is the same as to the old conun
drum. "Why are the Jews the chosen peo
ple?" That answer is, "Because they
wrote t..e book."
The New Englanders write the histor
ies, and the rest of the world reads them
and accents thtm as gospel truth. And
the New England societies scttrtered
through the West meet annually to hear
addresses declaring the New Englander3
the chosen people, and their speeches, re
ported in the newspapers, serve to con
firm the impression.
No reflection is inteAled on the senss
of justice of New Englanders. The bias
is hereditary and unconscious. A man
who is In the habit of thinking along cer
tain lines unconsciously becomes preju
diced.-Chicago Inter Ocean.
They Wrote the Book.
NEW HAVLN. Conn., Ju t y 4.— An in
teresting discovery has been made at the
Y. M. C. A. boys' camp on Madison Island,
which was formerly known as Treasure
Island. One of the boys of the -camp.
James Wilson of th's city, was climbing
Eome rocks when he dlslodffed one of
them. Beneath where the rock had rest
ed was a cavity and in this he discovered
a scaled wooden box. When the box had
been' opened a smaller one. sealed in the
same manner, was found inside. This was
opened and it contained a valuable unset
diamond and a beautiful diamond brace
let. There were also in the box some
newspaper clippings concerning the as
sassination of President Lincoln and a
paper which announced that if the direc
tions written thereon were followed more
vaiuao.es could be found. Under the box
in the cavity in the rocks were scattered
a number of American coins. The search
was postponed.
Secures Unset Diamond and Diamond
Bracelet in Sealed Box Acci
dentally Discovered. .
CONNECTICUT BOY FINDS
VALUABLE HIDDEN TBEASUBE
DENVER. July' 4.— W. A. Clark Jr.. ton
of Senator Clark of Montana, and E. EL
Paradise, manager of the Colorado Au
tomobile Company, were arrested here to
day for violating the bicycle ortilsar.es.
They ran Into.* pedestrian when turn
ing a street corner on their way to Over
land Park. Friends Quickly secured their
release on bonds.
Violates Bicycle Ordinance by Ban
ning Into Pedestrian, Who
t?Sl- Calls the Police.
SENATOR CLASS'S SON
ABBESTED IN DENVEB
He bent ov«r Mamie and resumed his
chit. It was all nonsense— something
about the silver knob of his cane-^-but it
took hold of the child's fancy and com
forted her. At the next station the .pas
senger across the way had to alight, for
it wa.i the end of her Journey. But look
ing closely as she stood up to leave her
seat she paw Mamie bending forward over
the cane, following the fantastic pattern
of its silver work with one small flusar.
Her face was turned from the bid gen
tleman'a. And behind hfcr little black hat
his tyes were glistening.— New York
.When the passenger across the way
looked again a change had ? come over the
old gentleman's fa"ce. He had taken the
child or. hia knee and was .talking to her,
as. perhaps, he had never talked before.
"Are you hermother?" he asked, look
ing up suddenly and addressing the
woman who had. been holding her.
"Her mother's been dead over a year.
I'm h*r aunt, an* -I'm takin' her home
to rear alone with my own four.- child-
The old gentleman moved uneasily and j
looked harshly at her without. answering, j
"Shame, shame. Mamie!" the woman .
whispered a second time. But the pas- 1
ser.ger across the way saw- her lean back, ;
whhe a tear started and rolled down her
rough cheek.
"Please, sir." repeated Mamie, "won t
ye beat Mr. -Brown wi' this?" , ,
He started around and in -his eyes, be
hind his gold-rlmmed glasses, you could
read the question: "What, in the devil's j
name, does she mean?" The rough- j
cheeked woman rtad it and answered j
huskily:
"Poor little one! She buried her father
this mornln'; an' Mister Brown's the un- |
dertaker." . - . . i
It was a slow local train, and when
they got in the car were pretty well
crowded. They were poor. kln 5 fol £;
all dressed in black, and they brought
with them an overpowering smell of crape
and camphor. One of the women in the
party dropped into a seat next to an
aristocratic old gentleman and lifted a
child into her lap. The child was & gray
eyed, pale-haired little* thing of o years.
Her dusty shoes rubbed against the old
gentleman's trousers. He shifted his po
sition, grunted, stuck hia walking stick
upright between his knees and glared at
its fantastic silver knob.
Just here the attention of a fellow pas
senger who sat directly opposite was di
rected by a curious little piece of panto
mine. The child, whose pallor was em
phasized by the crape which smothered
her. was looking closely at the old gentle
man leaning forward on his heavy cane.
He seemed quite unconscious of her
scrutiny' and was tapping one foot im
patiently on the floor.
After a moment the child bent forward
and touched him gently on the knee, lie
took no notice beyond moving closer to
the window and uttering a slight growl.
The woman put out an arm and drew
back the child's hand reprovingly.
The child paid no attention to this. In
another minute she leaned forward agatn
and tapped lhe old gwulemanjs kpee
This time she fetched a louder growl from
him"and a flinty stare, the least
abashed, she took hold of his silver
knobbed cane and shook it to and- fro in
her tiny hand.
"Madam. 1 wish, to heaven you d keep
your brat to yourself!" he growled.
"Shame, shame. Marnier 1 admonished
the poor woman, cowed by. the old man's
looks. The child did not seem to hear.
Instead she pushed the cane toward its
owner, say ins in a shrill little voice:
"Please, sir. won't ye beat Mr. Brown
wi* this?"
Truth Simply Told Changed Grum
bling Old Man Into a
Gentle Friend.
A TOUCH OF NATUBE
ON A EAILBOAD TBAIN
SANTA ROSA. July 4.-An attempt is
evidently being made by incendiaries to
destroy a section of this city. • Twice
within less than two weeks the flre de
partment has been called late at night to
cope with a blaze, the origin of ¦which
has not been explafned. Saturday even
ing a week azo an alarm sounded and
when the firemen arrived they found that
a quantity of bedding had been saturated
with coal oil and lighted in one of the
rooms of a two-story frame structure
on li etieet. The promptness of the de
partment prevented a conflagration at
that time.
The buildings in the vicinity are cloie
together and had the blaze progressed it
would have been difficult to subdue it.
Friday night shortly before the midnight
hour another alarm summoned the fire
men to the eame vicinity to extinguish a
blaze in a house on First street, near D.
The fire bad been started by an incen
diary and was burning fiercely when the
department arrived. After a stubborn
light the flames were stayed, but not mitil
considerable damage had been done.
. In addition . to these fixes' there have
been several other Incendiary blazes in
this city recently, three attempts having
been made to destroy the blacksmith shop
of Robert Ross by flre.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Incendiaries Keep Santa
Rosa Fire Depart
ment Busy.
Torch Is Applied Frequently
and the Miscreants
• Escape.
FIREBUGS TRY
TO BURN HOUSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
PASO ROBLBS July 4.-The town of
Paso Roblcs is filled with railroad men.
&e districts two and three of the Pacific
Coast Association of Trade Agents se
lected this place as headquarters for a
joint meeting of the .organization, "which
look place to-day. The Ean Francisco
contingent, about J60 Etfpng, arrived here
this morning at 4 o'cIocr and took^p the
quarters assigned them at the Hotel El
Paso <Je Roblcs. The party was under
the careful guidance of President Jay W.
fpeciaJ Di*patch to The Call
Special picpatch td The Call.
... SAN* JOSE. July. 4.— Miss. Mary
Rogere, a Portuguese g|rl. who resided
with her parents near Milpttas, in Jump
ing from a runaway buggy to-day re
ceived^ Injuries which , resulted in ;¦ her
death an- hour^ later.
i The ¦ girl. ' .In /company-, with ,*her
brother, Tony Rogers, was "driving into
Santa Clara to attend the Fourth ¦ of
July celebration . theirs ynieri^ near the '
depot at Santa Clara" the"hor«e7wtcu;jjri'
/rightened,.'and 'in* Jumping broke 'tiart:
poles.
of the harness. •; The animal ..becamfc
unmanageable, and Miss Ropers leaped
f rom :,the vehicle. J Srte'iWas picjted." up
unconscious and : taken - to a
It was found that her^ skull was frac
tured*at,the base of the brain.' She died
shortly ; after *reachihsr ; Uie! Hospital.
Tony Rogers was thrown from -- the
buggy and badly bruised. The girl was
IS years of asre. ; !;¦. ; -v-.- *""
A clever calculator estimates that there
are In tas by telegraph; telephone and
trolley companies in this country 13,000,000
24
* - ADVZBTISE33iB2JTS.. ~.^^___j-_.t.
San Francisco. Sunday. 5 July. 100G.
Long haired sheep
. '¦" ;.-'::;,.:- ; .¦¦-..
skin rugs
1 - %l<^ JL • JEssr -
I - fL^
Good imitations of genuine angora rugs^- and in a
half dozen colors. The price is special for just three
days — Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday of this week-
Regular price 51.75. No more than three to each
buyer, and no telephone or mail orders honored. The
rugs measure 12 by 24 inches, and have long silky hair.
Just the thing to place in front of the piano or for use
in a carriage. .
The drapery department also presents another'
special summer attraction. Oriental couch covers this
time. Double faced tapestry covers, fringed all around •
and in four colors. Special price $3.50 — reduced from
£5.00. Sixty inches wide and three yards long.
fNo restraint on our talk about the special woven- <
wire offered at £2.65, because we can back it up.
We're anxious to get as many as possible into use be-
fore August 1st, at which time the regular price, $4.06,
goes into effect This special figure is purely an intro-
ductory p-rice.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Gpp. Golden Gate Avenue.
§ TO TIHIE PUBLIC! |
S Commencing July 4th and until further notice the rate $
§ for gas to our consumers in the City and County of San <>
8 Francisco will be One ($1.00) Dollar per 1000 cubic feet, un- . g
§j less a lower rate is provided by contract. g
P Until further notice, rates as provided as per Municipal «j£
ij$ Ordinance will be charged for electric current, unless a spe- $•
§ cial rate is provided by contract. Special rates and contracts
S will be furnished. oh application. £
I INDEPENDENT CAS &. POWER COMPANY, 2
§ A.M. HUNT, Gen'l. Manager. §
g INDEPENDENT ELECTRIC LIGHT & POWER COMPANY, f
c£ A. M. HUXT, Gen'l. Manager. o.
fr. SAN FRANCISCO CAS S. ELECTRIC COMPANY, |
f| \ ALLAN POLLOK. Manager. o;
k PACIFIC CAS IMPROVEMENT COMPANY. »
§ '•• CO. G. MILLER, President. g
§ EQUITABLE CAS LIGHT COMPANY. • ff
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - . . ¦ ¦ v. .'••.¦. .:¦'¦"-- : : .:.'. :.
g 0.95 (or Silk and Cloih Coats. °-°*"» »— -" v^^^^gg^SC-
___ ... *-. „ ... _ — . A f ~^^ XHB^^Yf^f^ j. offered in our Waist Department — and that is
Mr* in ifce Kt?-^« sr=«rt-«t etyles; Vr.t Th<*» wTiita Tr^mad* of tine lawn in
c !h cr.n «r# T-.»i# loese and hs\e fancy /S^^JP-mT] yJB^mm^g^ sBy^yytStr^yl t j,, latest styles, and are prettily trimmed
ito!»*. They are from the r*£ul=r $:a0O sni 4$f^^ iffMllill l^iii ~ ' ,_ifB!ir»^**' with tuckin(?s and embroid«>ry. They come in
J12..VI '.-'-%. \ :l oa account -:f a few \>*'.r.p m^^ wJ^Hk^'f'rCTSSi^^^^t^^Srffe'yaitsIB* 1 *'^ all eiz»s and are the regular Si. T>0 values. In
Mtghtly <i ari soiled. *• hare rer.ai<d "Pv'T'ii" lii'iiil py* 1 "*** order to create still more imprest in Q^C
th* let. to clear tfcen cut. lo^*? ' W^ " I our waists they so at ww
The Second Week of This Supreme Bargain Event.
TO-MORROW begins the second week of this great saving sale. - The -past- week has-been one of the busiest^in our
history, and even with a large force of extra salespeople, we were at times unable to wait upon the many shoppers
who e'agerlv sought the bargains offered in every part of this store. Again for this week we have prepared a series ot
• wonderful bargain opportunities— the great price reductions will prove most sensational— we are cutting prices on all broken
tines and odd assortments without regard for real values, for we are determined to close out every bit of summer goods— in
doing so we absolutely ignore^ the losses— for the stock must go. This ad tells of only a few of. the items offered— every
department is replete with offerings that cannot fail to please.
Phenomenal Silk Offering! I Remarkable Wash Goods Bargains
riflt/iiumt/EBai on*\ uii*ims $|00 85c and 75c Va!ues all at
$1.00 and $1.25 Noveity Silks tw %^Kt du A n u*« t %.Ta'TS our 6 u sh ta^d a 9 d^: flftft
Th, clearance sal, i. respcibl* for this extraordinary . A A £?*«£ £TorH™ °i?SSe "ScY S^mSXk'JS^. I 1% U
efTerlajr in the S51k Department, and the next week will wit- H^ E S I Offer as this.. Every yard of our high-class Wash Goods, |H|
r.<»5" the most 5*r.5at!cr.al seWns. for ¦aitho'it doubt th:?? ||A B R|l which were Falling at*?1.00. »5c and Tuc. v.iU b» on sale H B Q m
Fptclal is far superior to any we have yet offered. There g %J for Monday and Tuesday, if the quantities last, at the re- %^ TOt
,,^ OV€r r'.ir, 5-ar^s "f bricht beautiful and etviish Crepe B B Q Q marksbly low price of 36c yard. Included in this offennff
tLuIUcL"^ ra*°c f rPe£in S^-the moit %J U Yd. "^'JglSSS^^S^tt
si:k fabrics of the season. The Crepe Peau d* Sol* has nVtln Strip* MulU— In every shade and effect produced for this season.
a superior soft finish, and Is warranted to be all silk — the To p i ace< i on sale to-morrow at 30o yard.
designs are varied and the coloring-s most desirable— White. Pink. Light We *dvi»e early* ihopplngr, for th» early purcliastri vtUI m&Ji ttj
Blue. Turquoise. Old Rose. Nile. Tan. Castor. Reseda. Navy and Black. test selection!. And remember, no f ample* will be cut. Kone ol tne«e
The Pertlaa SUlt also comprise a ver>- larje variety of the most. popular jroodf will toe sold to the trade. ;¦ '.A
SSAt^SfS """ Q ' c for Pique and Novelty White 7 c for \VM French Percale
Zj I r- . tw -ic- ic, ,,a Ther« are only 900 yards in this lot —
«- M . • n j n • i An t »« mm • n j p • GOOOS WOrtH 25C, ZOC, 13C 0 JTO. bMl quality Fr»nch Percale, lisrht and
R3C for 85c Black Peau de Soie 98c f or S 1 . 50 Black Peau de Soib Thl , „ aRether c .e«ran« b.«.i»- i^r x T^Sr^^-^ir *£
UWW — — — — — — — — — — V , . , , , WHITE PIQUE in plsln and fancy ra purp oses. Clearance price. 7«- yd.
Th:« i« a verr food nalttr cf Bisxlc Here U another remarkable cfferlnjr. stripes; also NOVELTY WHITt. GOODS. _ , 101/ I - n J M |. Pnmkrtn
r>.u ,< k::k. » , nc t« a ™^^»j^^j* rt *s &Sass^<aWSg^ 9C for 12^- Lonsdala Cambnc
CJ^ce n » .^ en. s _ M for IQc Madras Gingham xfesSSa^B b^fe quamy -
AN EXTRA SPECIAL OFFER-Black Taffeta Silk f>£J C Kt £Z .^1.25 for 12 yds, English Long Cloth
27 inchCS Wide, UOrtil $1.00 a yard, for "wY(j, Ind a ch<«rk«! C light, medium ReipiUrly Jl.fO— an extra fln#, even-
and dsrlt grounds. This i^ a v»ry serv- thread quality Ensll!>h l.on? Cloth. 12
The values in Slack Taffeta offered in this store, in season and out. J?, 6 *"* £» tertaK For cleaniIlce OTly ' Vce"*!^ 06 lnCh *' *""¦
have iraiurd for it a reputation that is greatly cherished by us — and ' *
wh-n *' now fiay that this is one of the best bargrains we have ever >i O *fV for MERCERIZED OXFORD CHEVIOTS
¦ ,rf»'<-.! -^.- stake oar reputation upon its fulr::!m<>r;t. At the rfETiilnr prir.- (ft r± Q «^—^^^—^— »^i—
— $1.00 h yard — this grade of Black Taffeta is better than many silks Worth 35c, 75c and 60c a yard
sold at higher prices — and now, for this week — if the quantity we have Imported Oxford Cheviots, highly mercerized— neat white and colored
on hand proves sufficient — we are gr-jftig to sell the self same silk at the grounds — fancv striped, figured and dotted effects — plain and basket
extremely low prire of 65c yard. weaves. A very serviceable wash material; clearance price 48o yard..
More Matchless Values in Women's Clothing
Suits and Costumes Coats and Wraps Skirtsand Waists
THE second week of the July Clearance Sale will be most remarkable in the Suit and Cloak department—for to-mor-
row morning will witness an array of bargains that has never been equaled, from a value-giving standpoint, in this
city. The reductions that have been made are most comprehensive, including as they do, suits, coats, skirts and
waists of: almost every desirable style and material. In some of the lines the numbers and sizes are limited, so the early
comers will have an advantage. You will find these values to be the best you have' ever been asked to consider, for every
garment is marked to close out — we will not c*arry over a single one into another season. l " .
' SURPRISING SILK WAIST SALE <rt»^ tf\ 4O O 5 t S \ ff\««*».«o** *t«* Pnn^flti Da^maaaI
$5 and $6 Waists, .Monday $2.98 Silk DrCSSCS-Creatly Reduced
,. „,„ _. . t . We have made jrreat reductions m all our Pongee, Taffeta and
Monday will be another sensational Silk YVcist eelhnjf day. and ¦B^i-mA c;ii. «;„:*« TTiev conic ¦ in several of the season's be*t stvl«^ anrf
trii-« »*ill lie a ea!* ths.t you •nriil renstmber for months to come* We have , Foulard bilk buits^ 1 iie> conic in se\erai ot tne season s Dest stjias and
thl:en all our I* and t? Waists of this season's best sellingr style*, in numerous color effects. ' ¦
whi'-lt thft sJ7.es have bwrae broken— waists of Peau de Soie. Peau de q. . qj- e COO Kft nnr 1 CQ.^ SM\r Qiiifc
Crgat Taffeta and Moire— in t!ie oest «:o!orinj?fl— also white and black— Ol4. VO TOP OXiS.OU ana O-*O OlIK OUltS. .. :
ci" d !T^-~i^^f^!^^^^l^l P^ $2.98 $10.75 for $20 Silk Suits.
AH for S35D3 Fancv Drea Sait» FINE IMPORTED NOVELTY SUITS $ 2 ' 85 for $5 '°° Wopl -V'^og Skirts $4,95 for S7.50 Alpaca Skirts
Utam'.ne». <:he*-lcu and Broadcloths. At fT__- f R,-?.,/-t!<vn< All-wool materials: light and dark gray, Made walking Unjrth; stitched bottoms. '.
1 ixt Attjr " tKe3 ' ICtlOaS - un. black and blue, and some in snow-
6ck< have *!Ik fircps: in 00 or. cf cr«am \\r^ j iave inac J e great reductions . ' .-„.. _ . _^ , - . «.,,
i2£^lu£^*£^%L& on all our fine imported novelty Cake cffect " PriC6S Reduced Oil Silk
t!3 QSj fcr $25 Drcn and Walking Suits suits, and the values offered in $11 AR for S20.00 Pongee Coat* -Dpp«- SWrtQ
Fto Bute) anJ rh^viots: ail in thi> nign cias,s costumes are \er> re LJke re< , uctlcng made on our J20 m4 $ss * inM A «,^ -« c -,u
JSSJiTk^*.: ir.*ae with bioute. u t markable. sty i es ci Pongee coats. $5.95 for $10.00 and $I2 0 0 Silk
¦ 5 mo with cap*. : solid color. lnb!ack.b!ut 5 g ; t reduced to $20.75 DreSS SkirtS.
£j£SFfi£i£5! STaS^lllSS Suits reduced to 37.5O $4.95 $10.00 EUmine Skirts $8 . g5 for 5,3.00 Siik Dre5s skirts.
55 t 95 for St7^0 and $15.00 Suits $75 Suits reduced to 45.00 £tyUsnIy trimmed with Taffeta bands. $IM5 for $25.00 Fancy Silk Skirts.
vwrtuw. ti.evict.. ana rr.!«d n>terUK .^A tt i<* $10-00 Ctoth Jackets »i HE umiu f^^rinth Skirf. High Novelty Dress Skirts that
• .Morteo txton: «H in t^ •«««•« arr.art W.03 ' , tor White Oranite Uoth btitU § d $ h be
idytw: the £ * «uliB are Ircm odd lots. They come In Cheviots and Covert Cloth; V _ - j...,j ,^ e T » _, ,„,, •-. ..
For olearaace. »«lfD. Utn and black colors. I Reduced from ?8.50; nicely plcaUd. QUCeQ to S>I /«75 an " »2I.45«
High-Class Linen Suits Greatly Reduced. Wash Suits, Waists and Skirts— KW
t-y - ;-, ._.- _r _„_ ctr ,r.u J,( IhVIt rUct T ;n<»n ic r»n ca1«^ at -1 Summer weather wearables arc found in full assortment in this store, and the clear-
Evcry one Ot our Stock Ot nign-CiaSS Linen Suits IS on sale at a ance Mie reaction, which W e have inadt place the values far above any ever fc>
grcaily reduced price. This me:. .is that you can now purchase one of '«rt offered. -
these handsome hand-embroidered Linen Suits for less than you $2.85 ?OP $5.00 .Wash SllitS*
wmn\A nav for the bare materials • Tfce material \» Batiste — seasonable styles and numerous colors.
wuuiu v+i 1 j* ""¦ ualt " 4 * tt " at *- <!4.«S for $7.50 Wash Suits, White Cheviots, Lewns and Ducks. In plain colors and
§8-95 for the $15.00 Linen buits. polka dot effort*.
$10^5 for the $17.50 Linen Suits. SS f ° r 5? W * 8h Sult>> the Ch °^ X *"""• ch " nbray ' batl " e - Iawn and *"*-
Ct-» en for ih+ <Z->nnn T ineti Stii««; for $1.25 Duck Skirts In blue and black,* with white polka dot effect-.
§13.50 tor the 520.00 Linen buns. %mKi for $2C0 Whlte PIque Sktrts . l/M tor f 1 75 Unen Crtah - sklrtf
Sia^c for thr <•»¦> so Linen Suits [fttSO for $.1 White Viqut Kklrti. lace trimmed.
$14x15 10r tnc $ — oO Linen OUllS. f^TS for f-t.50 Pure Linen Skirts, made with four pleats running entirely around.
Si8.<u> for the 5^2.^o Linen Suits. «nd r'eated flounce
vJO.jo irn. #r . I8J.-I5 for f2.5« White Wash WaUts # IJ>5 for *;.5O White Wash "Wains.
$21.50 for the $40.00 Linen Suits. *-2.tir, for »4.bo white wash waists. .
Muslin Underwear=Special Values Dress Gocds-ciearance Bargains Hosiery Bargains
Some exceptionally S ood values In muslin un. 3J £ ca «*-«* £ V^ *"* S ?S2R Mac °'
.derwear are offered for this week. It's clearing iron' frame. relish AU *£;*¦**"«**}} ''elega^ flgured'^^ W^nd loc *°Tt
time and w« have sreatly reduced prices to In- manufacture. Metallic dot *»ty material In c-^« ol faM w#e|{ lhrea(J cotton h^e and. un!
sure quick disposal. It's a splendid time to lay or'J^th'^T^? at' un?.' JSden S?i«n. cia l^Zlg^ZX 0 %, 21* vaiu, * th,
la a season's supply at a sreat saving. Every ear- TmlxX^^t t%. «•* crcan, ,p4 .luck-a cI "^« **'«. ™* *>**¦ clearance r ,rl C e_i« c pair,
ment was macle under strict sanitary condition,. P^-ta^^on «c Ma t^i-^. --gjtor ij£ I| n derWe?ir \\nA?Tnricfi&
5»c for We Curtate »Hc fcr $1.50 White Petti- lor clear- c.earance , pri«. K* DUM! W MI imaSlfTKW
Drav<t, coati. aDC:e ' C Jtr " t 48c yard— 75c quality 21c fcr Ladles 1 Llile 75c for Ladles' Fine Un-
DaiatUy trimaed with Made of flat Cambric. 91.12 yard-Jl.SO riua.lty ?',f c J!!JS nrl !l!!l,2!al' lOt '« Veft *- T»' on , Su , it£ '.,
V.I insertion, *nd edc- with deep Bounce and Fancy Colored Kt.mlnes. -n^e, « [splendid The35-cent quality; low Be t g»>«J* a «f
Ices. trtomed with French All-Wool Vcl'.e Eta- weight and perfect black: neck: sleev«I*»»; laee |, ink B , ue W hlte cr
»-T-fcrnM»rv i"rv-. »n<i mines, 15 Inches wide; a warranted to be thor- trimmed; all *Ues. - Ecru— all sl*»s
65c fcr *1.00 Cambric rajoroiaerj. i»«i ana e heer opep-work matrrial oughly shrunk and v i'-. •
Gowns. Cluny Uce. , a ,11 the leading colors. sponged. The 75c qual- -A r| • ti JC 9_ d>< rn 1TiJ./"1 a j. a •¦
Either V or square __ , ., „ ~ .. WJ . Resularly IL.W; to clear ity; for clearance, ibc /Xft PBIT ***** <* > »0U R.1O UlOVeS
5-oke effect*; htautltcbed 03c '« ' L - 5 aad * IM out. only OSc yard. yard. # W ¦ Mil . . ., . . i
acd tucked. Comtt. y^c yard for 51. so quality ah Wool BUck Etamine. • Broken lines, in Pique and Overseam Kid
'J1-- '"¦ Broken loU in the 46 Inches wide; All Wool Black Voile Etamlnt: a Glnves- 2 and X clasn «tv1^< in crr^A *U^a\*
fl^H» for fl.W> Cambric light-weight openwork matert«l and a very lustrous y 1^"' 2 , J j P ,f,, > . • S Ood shades,
Gcwne. wen itnosin «. «. o.. «. black; It is the eoason's most popular black dress including Black and . White; Sizes S'A to 7.
rtoend and wjuare ef- B. and^I. C makes; the fabric, and -ells regularly for J1.50 yard. The clear- These arc the regular Si ->; anrl Si CO (llovo*-
feets; tmbroldere'J. hem- latest model*, made of 4nce Dr i ce 'jRc yard -i u«-oc *»* yy- ''b"! 1 " 91.-3 ana U1OVCS,
ctitchcd asd tutked. nne French coutu. ' clearance price ........... 78c
1 THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
§ WE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. Ncseand Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kidney
and Liver Diseases. Bladder Tmubles, H-art Disease. Dlttawa of
the Stomach and Bowel'. Pile?. Fi-tula anj Rectil Disease', F«nj»e
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. S»pft»-
al Trcubles. Skin UUeares, Dtafness. Asthma. Bronchial and Uinj
Troubles. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. N'euralftla. Hysteria. Ear l)l»-
fases. Goitre cr Bis Neck. Varlcocele. Lest 'Manhood, etc.; Blood
Diseases. Private l.>ii*&t>ea. ScrctuU and all forma ot- Nervous aad-
I Chrcnlc Diseases (that are corable).
OUR MOTTO: A low fe«s° rtTi53iS>V
Con«altatlon la penoa or fiL V^^^^St^fc
l/r. A J. Baorti. £ WTiU ' f /\ ' JOlfflv
HOME CURES BY MAIL S^ *W
Do not d«palr becmi^e you live at a distance from therlty. X'rs. V^» .
Shores* new system of HOME TREATMENT niak?s It »asy tn ?=t
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom blank 3rM%S?^*
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dlarmse /"^¦A«BVy> 4/ *
your cms* and tell you what your trouble la. whit can be d^ne' for /dLv3B&jffJ& j
you, and what the toet of a cure will be. WHITE If you rann >t •£5r\j£e$iS&rr
call for thrlr new aymptcm list and take advantage cf the FREK \>T*1'7
EXAMINATION.. Whether >-o U . take treatment or not, the ajl
vice costs you nothlns;. . . - • Dr. O W Smarts.
.WEAK MEN PAY' WHEN CURED
'If you suffer from any of the weaknesses cu r* vcu fir?t * ntl then ask a HKA-
or diseases caused by Ignorance. exce«s or SON ABLE FEE when you are cured. Tea
contaKlon YOU ARE THE VERY PERSON can depend upon our. word; thousand* ,,f
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patients have Indorsed us. NOW. WU
We have proven cur - skill In curing WANT TO Ct'R-K YOU with tha distfnet
CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many understanding that we will not demand a
voluntary testimonials from home. people. FEE until w» cure you. This applies to
Blvir.it names, pictures end addresses. Lest Manhocd, Seminal Weakness. Sp«r-
•We Can't Publls^.Onr;. Cures In ¥%^^™"^£^£Z^ %<£*
¦ Private ;Dj»eas«3.: s JSrST^iiS^^t
Because It would betray confldenc*. Hence • men. . . r
we have' U> prove our skill In this class'ol OFFICE HOURS: !» a. ra.-tp 1:30 p m •
troubles in another way.;- This Is our plan. . Evenlaics G:00 to S; Sundays 10 a. m. to 12."
Drsr Shores &. r Sh6rcs^ Expert Specialists,^933 ' s^SZUSJ?*™THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
25
¦¦ ' g 1 " ' * ... ......*'' • ' - ' v •' ' " .' '""..."¦'.'.'¦ ' ' , "-"" '. - ¦ I " ¦' 5
¦ *• Uf1lfQf*yifG£tr Clean^tlfJ ™° Special Sale Goods ordered by mail or -telephone will not be sent C. O. D. Extra GlofhSMS GiOSfS-SJ§3 -?
* Specially bought loisand all of theshort • Prices , f ; 7 ; Delivery A H smaiiiots "and broken sizes of Men's and J
' i lines of knitted Underweir and Hosiery, Quoted m ffl Mm '^^L -a</-^ Facilities Boys » summer Suits are newly priced for .^
U ¦ at profitless prices now, tO quickly Close Are /or the time this l^f B^fi f ' I I K J^^k W^B M W^fek ;n/ <r ' r/rfl Jtf '"^°- quick selHnff during the July Clean-up. >
;..t them OUt. Here are a few of the items: sa * nti f£%™ S ' y %, A 1 1 H %/ W il 711 1^1 i i WvidcTfor tilJZ Several lots closed out from the wholesalers at 1;
¦I p~^ ° f Lldi — Us^Scad^ S'«S/"/y^B H B H H' W B"^Hll/'ftJ[ m. A U i^ 1 "^* 11 '?^"' reduced prices are included in this offering. J;
"•'••V • <&^K-» Hcrmsdorf Biack — the kind tod the lints advertised ..-%., , - . B * goods promptly on the . (Knn n.,_»_«_. CL--S J ¦ •
:'t .< <J everywhere at 75c the C resold out. & . -...^ . . ;^. day they^are sold. Suits _Madc ot fine •'
• : , Jj V ufie?7ri e ™iSbTvttti-wooim-^ The Emporium's famous Mid-Summer Clean-, Up; Sales begin to-morrow. Ever since we inaugurated these worsteds/ cassimcres. fr^fit ¦• \
'¦'' *: /^ j| «n"ux"Sik»biel.hort $ sie : ves7nT^«i summer demonstrations of our unsurpassed bargain-giving power, just six years ago ? this July, the Clean-Up Sabs a ° c d t from one™ f {^W V\k ; «
• : \ I j \ SStSS^SJS^SS-j^^^ 5 have grown' and grown in magnitude. The assortments to be offered this year are more varied than ever before. fhe^best 6 makers? at | \'^\ y-f-^L *?
'•"•"I- '. A VU / S I e T l^ edfartllsee . in r 1 '^^^ All departments are represented. In addition to all that remains of merchandise bought exclusively for the summer thg extraordinary j - Jk \ tr>* \ %
'.' $ \\ / uS«- Twi» Vbbtd" v«'s -imported- months, and all of the short lots of staple goods suitable for all the year round, we shall introduce many special pur- cl^H*± rK lj m^ V 1 1 ***{ •'
V I if} / Rei' liilr tb:cal -crocheted, nr.!?hfd r j 7 re , , fife? H-ff £*#¦? '" : /"^^^ / /-L I '*
»r \/ I around neck, and .mihoies-drawn «ith chases recently made by our large corps of local and Eastern buyers. Only dependable merchandise is offered, and jb |3^/" / n\^J %
'"*• W "l .Scfc-TOrkeT ?« the ''jjyOO^ in every instance we guarantee that the prices are absolutely the loivest that such merchandise has ever been sold for Men's $17^0 and $20.00 I iT r^\ $
' t. "''• 1 ckan-vp-cch £m»%* j n California , '' Suits— in wide range fMmk / W 38 ""? '5
- J^ Chldren's Vests and Panti— Thc fine styles and makes of the * of patterns, fabrics and f 'ij |!(; /\^ ' * ,%
, $ JT^^p^llpi^l Butterick Patterns for August, and August Delineator, now ready in Pattern Department j*^*^ \ d o |
'" " |> ' yt<xxi<x all sizes; clean-up price Mm%J%* •¦ "^ mmh^ -— »« — — -»— ¦—^"¦~ — «——^— ¦-¦—¦¦¦-¦¦-— —¦^—^^^—¦—¦¦^^—¦^^¦¦i^—^— - . 1 11 J*
f I U^; 2^3 S^f^g Clean-up of Silk Fabrics Dress Goods Clean-up WM0, ?i?l $11-50 Z
yCf" i^"ito*Sd3^^^si^^je^?iS?Fre^ About 1000 yards of Colored Surah, all pure silk, in shades 38-inch Mixtures— A nicely assoned lot of this season's $iw» o«tmj svits-Homespnn, and F^neis. broken j
II of navy, brown, gray, tan, cerise, turquoise, pur /P le/car- goods, in such colors as reseda tan, reds, dark gray, ?
i : * nnn n 7Z — u „ . dinal; sapphire and garnet; pretty shirt waist and fancy gobelin and brown; our regular 50c qualities; Q B oy,- Lon S Pant, suiu-ro, a gcl , 4 to , 9 yean, made of au-wooi >
"• j: 1,OOO UOZm WaSh VeilS iiV^lr eiliL o,-^ « SiVlV; J-n-'i-vL ,,o^.morl/ 0^ during the.Clean-UD Sale.yard . . . cassmeres and cheviots, in th S linste breasted style, regularly * 7 . <o J
, .* # in** i&** i/i** worK silks, sold regularly at 6U; the yaid marked ... ?-. '. JTX . , , f., ; o . , ., • . , — for the ciean- up sai: $4,95 s
: - *' a, bn^ fL(2f5 aS # for the Julv Clean-uo Challies and Prmtcd Albatros— 28 inches wide; about Boys . 3 . pllce Knte p Pant , SuitJ _ SttC , for 9 to I5 year ,f chev^ :;
• £ .,* ST ltd tott. 5*2 m •? i r p J" p ,"• ";'«.**;" ; V " ; * r' " *, V *, 1 500 yards in such colorings as navy, cardinal, white, gray "iani arui t^eds, « a grand array J ? .™L, wonh fronl J
.* * .a \e.i , ....nu.ic.jrc^ to rr.*.i at Many small lots of Pctu de Cvgnr, I'ophnp, 1 affetas, (rros de Londrr, Crystal Cords, Armurcs, - J . , w r j i , mi i l±. *± oo UDwards Clean-uo eric- «i> Q» «
V -f, 50c each, ari offered in cor- / Jg^^^^§\ etc., h «li i colors, such as cardinal, tan, navy, royal, gob-lin, mvrte, old ro ? =; tl' t0 a small aild tan I Very line grade" Of gOOdS that Will make pretty _ ' 4 |° ! ' , P^ •••;••• \ " 9^>B3 X
- $ En^ W Ji h onda; i^^^^^P "^ of '" d and white '^ that Bold rcsuI^ at wrappers and kimonas? the fegular 75c qualities; during X a^ ** '. Si OS S
• ' i Those fo* JCc *re IWrn Wash \?% •- jfe^^N 4 °° yardi of Hemjtltchcd Crepe de Chine and fancy striped Pongees, two of the most popular Metallic Printed Mohairs— In smaH dots and figures* the popular dress fabric, noted for its good repilarly $1.00, Clean-up price S9O 5
' V Drapes and Vei.s. made o' white Bretan \ si ks for Summer 1903; very dr:ssy for shirt waists, dresses, etc.; the Creps de Ch net come, in wearinj qualities; colors navy, black, brown, reseda, reds and Uns; 38 inches wide, 75c regularly; ' | '«
• • Z' NttTwlthappIicurd border ' WrV* A ' *\ navy, tan, W.uzt and royal; Ponge:! in stripes or all colon; regular retail prices ot £g f^g^ clcm-up price. . . . . 49C — — — — — —^-^— — — —^— .*
C S * Those for 12c are Pat: rn Wash Wiii^'^'.'A these siks 60c, 85c, Ji.oo and Ji.; 5 . the jari; clean-up pr.ee. ........ -^•#0' An assortment of 85c, $1-00 and $1.25 p:r yard Dress Goods, including 50-inch Vigoureaux, in HaherdaSflCrV ClGBll'Up \%
"5" Drapes and Veils the -cc cualit/ in 24"«nch heavy Satin Lberty, very popular material for fhirt waist su'ts, s:vsrjl d : fterent dots, tan, gray and gobelin blue, 46-nch Bsige in pretty fhade of gray, 50-bch Black BeJford Cords, - X
.'• V crram aid rcru, 4 ¦tries. on b' ue and black grounds, the kinds we have sold all the season at 75c and 85c th: R£h*% 48-inch Black Crepes, etc., etc., materials that will make very stylish and service- [T-fb** A thousand Summer Shirts, made to sell for a dollar, jE
c'.J Those for !4c are' ertra f:ne Aprll^e Waih Veils and D«pe-, the yard, clean-up price .<£$%*& able dresses; all reduced for this tale to . .... . . . *#*f €? at 5Sc p and Other great values. ; ;J
: --" %' 50c <juaities in ecru, white and cream. ' .-.-..,. . . .. . A^-v^s/7 Our Eastern office stcured the balance of a prom-
1:5 "Z^ — ., .-- : — The July Clean-up of Women's Apparel ¥$&^?m ™«* ™™^* «~\ oi ™?> G f %
¦ . J- ilfgiJSMgtt wVGSif* &Hf*2 : 2n**iMn . \>-^^v '*» '^f Shirtr, at a little more than half regular .%
• S u m! " , 1 „ , p rV Cost has been forgotten in re -pricing the Ladies' Suits, Jackets, Silk Coats, Waists, Wash Dresses," etc., that are p™" i. T ? ey have a , rrived in Cme to "* b " «
¦. % Hunareas of \\ omen s well-made Muslin GarmenU, s.me of the , , , . ,, , . , n . / -», cc • tl l' j ji_ Cxiui. * \ \ • it U f!S§aBfS l?l { eluded in the great luly Clean-up. The ma- «
; j !««¦.«• thit we have shown this s^n, that have been mu$*d and included in the big July Clean-up offering. The garments were produced by some of the best women s tailors > in j:j!j!ij! jTjIjfH t=mis are woven AiadL in co/ded Percales, ;J
t r5 wWmj^^cD^i^^i^fcaw^tf^H^ America, and were as goodvalues as could be obtained anywhere at the original prices. Savings now in many in- 5 i!p| lljiilif- in , an ™ me ™ v « ;et y of p 3 """* /? new "j
.. Ji ousy low pncei fjr the July Cean-up, that you can well atford to pay ,, , , £ a 1. \ . '• or o j . jJi, T{|;[;"i f. color effects, both plain and pleated bosoms, •*
.."* *; for having them laundered, and sti.l make an astonah:n 5 savins over StanCeS IT10re than hall. Alterations extra. ! |}j||i I jil'» 4 separate cuffj, 75c and ji.oo gZgS^m %
y ; | rr^lar prcrs. Ladirs' Suts that were J19.95, S .oo and chevio's and -JZ&M' Black Silk Dress Skirt -A very Umited number of handsomely made gar- |Jj(2M r|3^ f ° T .WC *
&f S^S3@s^^ ™f 5 - w-^ - 1 - - $12.45 ' /mm '^Sm mcnt8thit " ; ! i)H It 1^^?
fe| che^e^e, „ £ urp:ice rt vle, „= h^h neck, etc., marked for mixture,, reduced for the dean-up sale to ... VIX.<*9 (&M, >^:. Wer, J^5 M-5O f|i ' Sffi^iS fcSi J^ C^n up |
':¦¦ t* . j e "* U?: q t : Ladi« % Suits that were $:i. 50 and, < iS .oo,«cri:ent aU-wo3l cheviots and !?C^L .-^feL W $ 7 ' 40 $9.25 $11.25 $16.25 ! 'i ! ! !> jf T'i! i! °^ . . . .43o %
&Jt f i!oo > trvfa>i 68O S*'.7°S «y£t,$f.43 iOOtt>1=$ ' $ tmGS pain coths, all reduced for ths July Clean-up gf^W SJ& . Dress Skirts- That were $6.50, very stylish garments of black etamine, f:'j[ -^ Tfllg .Fiffi Men's Underwear— iMedium weight, striped %
: . • Sv Ladies* Drawers-of Muda, line Cambrics and Nain- Sa'.e to ¦ *r %r%0 JillfJ! '7 J Y ' P P7) with mercerized drop, reduced for the clean-up sale to . . . . $4*95 Balbriggan, 75c values; for thc Cltin-up Sale, per garment.. 43o "5
¦OS. to^a^SS^iS^S^^c^ Ladies" Su'ts that were |zi. 5 ot,f f7 . 5 c, splendid street dr« S . and uUor- /. 1 I I J \i 1 ft Wash Waists-Hundreds of pretty waist, of colored madra,, white lawn, fine Men's Half Hose-Hermsdorf Black, Maco Cotton Foot, Revalue, *
;:*.$ of tucks: "' "" ""^ $u ' ts of fin: cloths, cheviots, serges, etamnes and wool crash, in )\Wf7 W W j \ cheviot vesting and other popular materials, regularly $ 1. 00 to $z. 25 • • -17o >J
A \ :cc fty!-s, #42 50c st>l«, Jffo . £ 1 :S jtvles, QQo brown, navy, b!ack or gray, reduce 1 for thc /Vff \\ WjTji/ '¦R^dMm \ each, reduced for the July clean-up sale : " Men's 25c Neckwear— Four-in-hands, Imperials, Tecks, Shields and «
•••fc' 4 =csn'ies 7 2©C 9 Sc«i-le-, 680 ' e'ean-up sale to . *P * M mM>%9 X^nK^O^^^'^^K fikj* 4 n «f KB F~Lu Band Bows, made of pretty, high grade slk, for the July Clean- >
:- *: Corset Covcrs-of fine Cambric and NVnso^ks, lace and c . rt , ... f w . , n „. € . ....... . . . V^lWVri?/' ' "^° fO * tm5S Ea ° h ' »P, «ch t5 O $
- J BnboWer, -trmmed, aright fitting, some fu'J front efTects, marked 1 1 |!| B j|^% Cloth jackets-Medium heavy kersey, some bW frtnt, some loose box ««'» 50c and 7 Sc Undershirts—.oo in various styles, broken sizes, *
V for the July Oan-up: head checks 2nd stripe;, reduced far th; great & * €$ JS.K. (J \\ • \^^( \ '/r^/i AV . , j , • . .j . , - . „ • • , . , . now marked 29o •
V ,..'• ,,,-w o-« -., j. .• on. - i . Jrl ¦ Q » ¦»Jj N-H_<» r^ :^l !, ,-,/ / I , v back, and seme plain double breasted httei walking jackew, in lencths . , -—
~ . fc . i^cCoierjfor . . . . 9 O 3 5c and 40c smes . . 29G cean-up sale- to . Wiyf I,.,, '/ Wi/I V\\ , . ' , , , . * o , /r Boys' 50c Jers:y Sweater?, now marked 43o S
A - 25c C<*rrs tor . . . . %4 O 65c and 75c styles . . 49o ...,,..,, . -ia--fu 1 ,r \W \\ '¦ 'i? P V\ "om 22 to 27 inches, red cnly, regular to f 18.50, marked for / 3 J 7 ' ** v % t
" If Ladies' Lawn Aprons - Slightly ifed: Ud.es Wash Dresses-An extra special offeruig of th= very brs: styles of |j| llj . / /y thejulycfcin-up ale. .....-.- 59^5 Mcn « 5°c Suspender,, best v,ebs, now J 7 O J,
fc' 35c and 40c Aprons . . 24o 6cc a^d 70c Aprons 49 O l**n, grass hnzn, chambray, ¦ crash, duck and butcher lin:n «vash )M f Vi! ttftr, W' • , ¦ . • 15c Japonette Handkerchiefs, now Jq X
•if ? oc and 60c Awons. . 42 G 90= and <,8c A ? rons".'.ff9o dresei- " . S^» \ !?>W$$& J ' aSSOrtmCnt ° f Col °"' that were $3.45 tD $22.50, p,,^ Kight shIrts> 1$ cnly Q -J
" S Ladies* Skirts -cf fine xvh-te Cimbrx, all made rVIfioaace Dresses that were *2. 25 to 52.98, now . . . $1.98 1&&&W, \ ff %^^ now * . $2.48 to $12.45 Boys' Striped Ovtralls— 50c values, size. 4 to 10 only . . . 23O 2
' . K- Was cPiVoid-.r irijcrti-n and bus tuckinf, and wide hem, $r.co Wadi Dresses that were $7 .jo, now- . . . .$4.38 S -W_ ' :?-V^' ¦-...: * .Silk Waists —In cole rj, that were J5. 00, now .' . . . . ... $3.85 . ; ' C
' -]K % a' u^^ for the Clean-up ia'e £1 €K —^ __^^^ __ _^^^ .^ i«MM»_»>M^_ K _.__^ BM MHMB M i^_i^.^_^_ MH I M Mii_ HHMMM^_ Men's Straw Hits — Smooth and rough braidj — odd sizes of the $x. 00 "^
: : S Z^i^!^^^^$^^^ The Big Juiy Clean-up Sale of Absolutely Reliable Curtains, i^li^^l^fp^^iwS |
J^« fully a thiri :or the July Clean-up. y^ - MJ Em MwS ' M" " ' ' ' ITP t Mjr 4 ) 1. 50 Styles— now •••....... . 25C '%
V In ar.n- Drcsxs, that v.ere fi. 59 to $6.co, marked for the Clean-up SJf ff*3f3Gi*SOSy Btt Qi3 SG tBOS €S tLBSMQttSj EM M £it$ KGHS B Boys' 25 C Golf Caps- Assorted patterns— well made-sizes 6>J to j
. $ : We have put quick selling prices on hundreds of items . Blanket Sale $^^0^^M^W^0^ %
. X Oi^^^i^^X^^ct^) % '^t^Sita^c" RutBeCurtabs, some of tht handsomest patterns in the Dig DomeStiC and Clirtain and Drapery Departments, lOOO pairs CalilomfaWhitC Blankets— »nly-not aU si 2 es b every style, but your sice in some of them- £
' * . . . ! G 5o to $4.34 of|whi^Mtl^ace|ih to-day's announcement will permit Arc offered in connection with the big i^^M'^S^^^ I
¦v * - . j._ 7 5 Curulns ........ $i,84 us to mention but comparatively few or the bargains. We July ciean-up Sa'c. This lot was pur- edges— odd «zes of the S2.0D and styles— reduced to $1.50 £
1 J- /• bliOVe Glean— Up l-^ Curu™ $2.34 Cal 1 your particular attention 10 the Offering Of fine CUrtainS chased before thereccnt advance in wool' Boy*' $L35 Soft Hais-In pearls, nutrias and brown— rcducrd to 'S
; j; . 400 Pairs Women's dolbr Gloves-Lamb- j^-TS Curums . . . . . . $2.^0 men tioned below. and laid aside especially for this : annual OO ° '*
' £ 30. ' £kln u V^ 8 ' C °°" an( ! b!ack8 » somc ofthcra *4-5o Cmtains ...'... $3'.OO About 610 yards French Cretonnes-In a large Towels SMI Towellntf event. They are made of superior Call- T f._ M mm B* m #»# MMM ..— 5
: ' » \K* WJth S ight :mperf=ctions in manufacture, which «coo Curtains S3.34 assortment of rloral and convention^ Patterns *" r . , , , . , „ B MM& %JUM\f %Jf MB %&§§"" tf D »
- I- I !; //J we have looked over carefully and had thor- *5-5° Curtain, 53.67 that are regularly i 5 c, 20c and 25c the ya'rd, CoKon Towel,-, 7 x34 ir.ch«, fancv weave F at- forma wool, closely woven with a fleecy * "™ . . -F w»-.. *-^
,| BiKi^i^e^R^^^ !^c;s:::::::!2:S3 ' ciSp H^. thc sc, #/c,7ffc in Household Dept. , |
» j«dticyw 1 llbcfccadp £ r C alitt.Dg..q |6. 5 o Cumins $4.34 Striped Cretonnes-About 4 =o yard,, crepe eflects, Huck Towe!s-.8x 3 3 inche,, clc«' weave, very wear that •« made. : -, StoVC-Hiril- " /^^g !i S^i^^^ '5
X : > Inched intheCcan-up bale at pair OisfC Jyioo LWn. $4.67 rcguarly , 8c, clean-up uk price,' yard . /2o heavy, hemmed end 1 and colored border,, reg- f 4 .2 S , 4 1b. 5 6xSo in. ,'„ . . . $3.28 o^Z hS, m, r /^^^^^^, '«
¦•- V il^l ' tJi:i season*! importation, also 240 pairs Foster foooCurtans £6 OO tooa yards cf dotted Swiss (gold dots) and colored Unbleached Bath Towels -Ext a large, su'.s an- . j „.,,,. . , J O ieet Ol gas lUDinf, • • r^
/ • § W U -' lacing kid gloved in colors and black, all sizrs; *££ CuSni : M $6.67 Scrim, reguhr.y ICC thejyard, reduced for the ly nude soft and absorbent, our reguar Crochet Spreads-Double bed size, nicely made, $1.79 - |
.\.% a'so ISO pairs fine quality Black Limbskin Gloves, with i~ «» Curtains $8.OO clea.-up »le to . . . 7 O the dozen kind, dean-u? price fin shed ends, clean-up pr ce, each .., 8 6O CokTee Mffl-Genuine Parker BOX Mill, Will hold One
KliS tcif and white stitching, siz:s 5. -r and 6 a'.l included in ?i?*2?i.%S^A! $1U.OO Bleached Shaker Tlanne's- 30 p'eces cnly, c:os, f " * / *'.'.*„" "','/". ". .. Crochet • Spreads -Ettra large and unusually pound of linground coffee 76c -J
i % the July Clean-up Sale'perp-: 4 . ..'... .7So 750 pair, Not inghamCurtain.-S ron g , hea.y h.vy, MarseiUes effect, Can-up pric : 5/-IS fo^ized Wash Tvbs-Fitted with patent Wfin^r |
;-.•$ 360 Pairs Ladles' $150 GIOVCS — 2 and 3 clasp French netf, in fine patterns.^ that w.-re minutactured , IOC th . vard> cIcan . up pri ' c . . . 7J£C borders, usually sold at 7^c,cl-ai-np price 5C Double Bed Comforters -10 do^en only, fine attachment . . 69c •
f j JT kid. colors oxblood. biaek, pearls and a email quantity of UnbI " ched Car ' to " F.ann S l-Cio S6 woven, heavy Linen Huck Toweling-Fu.lv •¦ ,g inche, wide, f«™ "vered filled with laminated cotton, fioilcrs-The £2.00 kind, with copper bottom fe
.J. jreat bargain at the juiy cie,n-u P , prke per pi ir'. .. . . 95o 36-inch White Cambric, a nicefine^ 1 0c quality, 3000 yards only, 7\c. ' ftSSSSl W^cr-With rubber rollers, .;
X 189 Pairs Ladies' H75 Gloves- Best quality French kid, 2 pearl J J * * : £3Mj^r \ high-grade £3.00 article for S
•'.$• h "~^i' y^^;" w Clean-Up of Furniture, Carpets, Rugs | J^& l^iixii^ I
I Joe Oxfords 14c 10,000 Smyrna Rugs, Fabulously Low Priced Icc 1^ s - ize ; h H rd f s
;J /2iC Percales 9C Our Carpet Buyer, while in the East three weeks ago, purchased the entire stock of the Fries-Breslin Co.. famous | f^"So SSs. aean-?p irioT: - |
jj 5 co pieces cf imputed Andean'. Scotch Oxfords-Securei bv our Monarch Smyrna Rugs, at greatly reduced prices,and they have arrived in time to offer them at the beginning of . . .' $7.75
I % onco7S the July Clean-Up,at the astonishingly low prices quoted.below. p This immense line consists of the latest designs, sleeve Board and iron, for ironing shirt waists and %
>l IT eeason's most stv^h mater a'* for shirts, waist i and suits, a rare in the lT10St dCSll'able CO'.Or effeCtS. infants' garments ......* 77O 5
• "f 36-lnchPercales-Thei2;;candi 5 cki a d«,inaf u uikcof f% Choice O? 20 Patterns .BlgelOVV Lowell Body Brussels— That famous make of long-wearing^^ Glass Water Tumblers— Frosted bands, regularly 40c X
. v . patterns, marked fa- the ckan-up sale &C carpets — during the clean~up sale while quantities las-, sewed, lined and laid ; per vard ' °fp1m27 a dozen, for 30c >
:J Groceries and liquors Among the m ™? s P len<lid F^niture values that ecoridrhical buyers will avail themselves or are: W0£^$0^^. §
• £• ($ In conjunction with the July Clean-up Sale, we offer thes: }h "'"¦¦ ydfa—T "_!»¦ " ' ¦ English DeCOrated Jet Teapot — Regularly 68c, J
• : : *j- M §rCat V<JU= * '" pUr= foodl andli^ orl for Monday and Tuesday '¦ '" ' " r^T^S^l r^P^3 " i^^^^^^^^^^i? -"¦ te^^MJ'-''- r'-— -^ A *-** i *^?7^r 1 ' J ' "~ '".: '^u^—^^-— Clean-Up price • 40c 3«
•• S Jl^jK'L.W- 5Se ™Slf^3l "f#n nWll.-fTTOlinW/lJOil^^ £^^^^^^^^^^^ 50c blue and gold, and green |
• : £' ffcA/5:s^ d:rtn 95*, 5 tins 25o 'B • rf* *£^^3 i «H Ir^T' ! IP8J ! USOSL-?mJ f\ iUU 1 Night Lamp-l-ancy decorated, a 6dc lamp, com- *
' *' (i£>j l^^Zs «,ood tins D«m-Li:yorc.rniticn,do Z .. 5/.00 fi '^Tf . "^"T^ 1 -— ' W.W.' | rS/ _£?^^j 1 fe^^^^^y feS^ 11111 —^^ plete with glove and chimney for . -.- • 35c -J
•J if^ t^S^v 600 ;oc bott:« Royal Salad Dressing ... |7o i\ i all! ftitl7ijf,T?m HffiSbaPft*- ' l&^^i ">jp?^^^^^^^^^^i FpasE tf 'fe=E^=-- a'. » p Aiason Jar Covers -Porcelain lined, regularly 25c a 1^
V. I W^^ *»Z&?T Fa : rb . ank ' 8 . °° Id D " St . : g- fcH J I 1 © ' • WC^S" : fm fT "¦ f- ' •IF ' ¦ $ , ... ¦ . '. 2Qo S
'•• Jf T oo boxei Eiectro-Siii:on, at, 3 boxes '„• . ' 2O0 -Bs^ yt^P^^\ 1 * I ! ;^ ¦ ¦ »« -.- - 1 *
:'•:$ 250 tins oown Asparagus ( Humor's) s tins. .... . ; '^3 ' -^ '^ sa 5»^S^''{ 9 . « si • v * Handy . Couch- — A mattress and Glean-Up of Pictures g
{; -Ji. • —" . 2/ - 2 - !"'."?"'? ! 7 25o to» J at <^ cobbler seat Rocker Dainty 3-piece parlor Suit:e--Fuil ma- spri:g Von legs, good material, good . In Our Big Art Dept. %
•'/•*! ;coti:;s Hunt's gallon Pie Fruits at. . .2^0 Pedestal 1 and ' Bu1tit — . J / _>o^ f»ncrcin\7 •hqr'lf^ hiahlv nol- WOrkmanshiD iS 22 incliPS VViHp t? Inrh r-p'-T r : -i- -1 L f Pr- Th : 1 1 ¦¦ *
Vg- ,,oco tins Lbbv's Devikd Ham or Potted Tongue, do«n 4S c, tin Golden or- «°'^" garter sawo.l -Golden oak or j-^fe^ hOgany D3LK, niglliy p01 UUS.lliailM 11J. , 1b 3- UlCIieb WlQe, /2 Ara P b P Sunse P Thc RJor, Turkish Belle, {^ -.^^ -J
:•:»: .....;..-• ;. . • 4O wclthcrcjOa k ?f Tnchef hlrt 4S imit " ltion n " ho S- S^^^T ?Slied, bCSt Of lipholSter- inches lo ng ,j Ui t wh« y.u,need for a cozy In the Mining Camp, etc., framed in nice j^^^^^/ 5
• • *>/ 2,000 Ibt. fancy Creamery rirkin Butter at 27C ... ' lnrhr - - f ».- v, ' u - Itfffl '^Vf^ ' '»?» ' n P«"V shades of fin: tapestry; in- ftlljj Jilffl corner a -care room or 3 «,imm,r t, nm : gilt frame, wi:h brass corniri: size II}4 iK-jP^ff^lSKP " J*
•.:-.£. 3 50,Ib. tin, GbirardeHi'. Ground Chocolate at 25o « imitation ma- has Ux any , roomy 8:at| i| )flSf . of P - c - ean price /. /'. / 0 Wl\ »rncr, a . F c room or a S un,m C r ho m:; >„- » 4 tf inch.-! over all, regularly 7S c; to j l^> H^^V -J
..-.,• soo tins of extra standard Outers, «. s tins. 24 O hojany, top .14 ra irr 0 ; a nutlc' we'l made and well ¦¦ jM , ¥' * " ? I . i .'. ...:.. . $19.65 II M | \A "*** of sale price . . . . • the ciian-up ule, each J^O j i X-^&3g»j « ! ?
; . jf 500 bottlej Jesse Moore At Whiskey, at SIO " hl 8 h i lnrte » d isi'm"^y\o" «$«?'So . . dean - up W V,,',', -jlj , ' imitat-on mahogany, 40 inches-' high, .Bsa^ . "y»-F-ench kgs, mcely fanned; 14-inch Prayer, A, Ru tic Bc4uty, Consultng" the "1 %
\ : -X 1,000 bottles Old Chsmpion Whiskey at .75a 2?o * M °° Bty|p « 2 4 '-"»° •***'*«*»*» P'i;!!- 1 - 1 — ~"^\k ' 'verv ornmental instead of f I" 00 clem «| H VI t.p, 1 18 inches hgh, instead of f 1.50, O:acle, Evangeline, Contentm:nt, Springtime of Life, etc.-, in pretty J*
¦;•: tf 500 banes McBrayerWhsXey at. • •¦*.;;.... .. 78O *' • $2.99 \S^m etyle. &I3.5O pnc:. . $f t gO , . » V 5J -. ' ' *Wo- U II \V Cean-up price .-. ..... «O n gilt frame with brass corners, outside mrasur;ment 16x19 inches; .«
"J *oo bade* Redcro • Geneva G* at . . . . ... . . . . . 82C : ¦ " ' . ' * ' ' tip pnee ...$7 8* ¦ - - . .vk.^.. ¦ ¦ ' QUO dean-up pnee, each . 76O -J
[- jl* 500 bottles O d Port and Sherry, full quarts, regularly 40c; d.an-up' _ ¦ ¦ <_ - • j«k . ¦ .^ ¦.- ¦"¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ m-m ' * c 'Jm^^'mm -¦" -* - - . '2
¦•"5 price, 4 botdes 98O L&CeSg i Plfflfti 'jilQS, Gk± ."***&> A*~7T^ \- ' •. : : * I OOtn rOYiQei* Pretty Platino Prints-ln such popular suhjeets as The Horse Fair, "^
'. .» 1,000 botd«B.ack Letter Table Caret at. ....... .2OC Half PriCt* /^. : 'r^ilf /•f'-'''': '' i" ;' ! " • TAnM'OMffQAAo Stag, at; Bay, In, the Highlands, .Pharoah Horje, Song Without >
: :.J. soobottesWm. William's O d High'and Scotch Whiskey .. 7©O •#•¦**..•**«•«». of// v. '' '¦ • '- v '• ; '^' # ~ '^ '' . < **f* * 9ru *»"GS Words, etc; each picture exceptionally sharp and dear, matt.-d ia J»
/ jV b^t, ita'iin s*i« Tipo-Chianti, pints * . . 29o Great Clean-up Sale in Laces, jW/f C? aSl^sM/MS ff%</Qsy' M M M M4fr7* Eastman's Celebrated Antiseptic and « c:Uent s ra y mit » with H-'nch circular opm^g; worth 35 c; sale
.; »;¦ 4 '=l-tt: ft o. p. s. i8 79 Whiskey at. . • - • • • • • $UW Trimmings, All-Overs, Drapery W*m0WM4~ EC 71 TJ sSJIJfsfMi Saponaceous - Tooth Powder, in fancv pncc * V* * * * * ' * * ' 12c -J
¦"K til S, A WC ko?iW M lm%J* J . "' " ! 85O NetS ' ° Pen Cl ? iff011 Appliques, Silk * * m*^*^ MM&jl/ */ V'W^WMMJ^^ nickel top bottles, special clean-up F ricc . . 14 C Colored Matted- Pictures -Some of the prettiest colored pictures we %
-X' 1 oo bottles oTThorne" Gin !eeu arlv <i oc 'at * ' ' * 8Oc and Beaded Gimps, Tinsel Gauze, CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST? / -'M—.,^^1^*B0^^*^* • * ¦ Imported 7Tooth:Brashej~High grade stock bris- ; have, evir, put; on" sale. . Dainty colorei mats, with oval openin?, .J
'. * 500 feottlw Ken-ucicv ScJr Mash B.nrbon' at. * SOO % etc., all the short Iou ani to-br-discontinued lines, ¦ ¦¦ "¦/•¦^ | g^||gM^t^L^' wg^ ' '' " .' . ties, hand drawn, fancy bone handles, instead o, 7^"3H' mche * and each picture, tied with colored ribbon ready «^
:.E 300 borfe\ Duff Gordon Wrry, -b«t, "at. .'."".'.'.".". ...8OO now at about half rsjulir prices. ~*^B&f&-^^^?*.MERlCA'S GRANDEST STORE 25 c, clean-up price f^C tohans-worth double the clean-up price; each 14o X
.- : v* I ' .-..— .- '¦-- . 1 - ... 1 . -.. , > ... ~ ¦ imiiiimmw^ i^ mmmmmm^ »_L.—^^— — —^— «^— — — .^.J— ——^— ¦ , ,,J"I cannot claim or admit that I have
become an Englishman. If it is so'I am
an Englishman of the seventeenth cen
tury with all the modern improvements
which go to an American of to-day."
Referring to the . American eagle, he
said the British lion had tried him twice
and had found him indigestible. Mr.
Choate struck a serious note In the course
of his speech by declaring that all. the
talJc of Anglo-American unity ought to
be more than talk, and he advocated thei.
erection of a statue of Washington in
London - in "the mutual admiration of
both countries." g»
LONDON. July 4.— The American So
ciety in lx>ndon celebrated Independence
day as usual to-night by a dinner, at
which about 500 persons were present.
Among the guests were Embassador
Choate. Senator Chauncey M. Depew.
tho Greek and Cuban Ministers and the
Duke of Newcastle.- Justice Sir William
Grantham proposing: the health of Em
bassador Choate said Mr. Choate was re
garded here as an Englishman. In reply
ing to the toast Embassador Choate de
nied the Impeachment, saying:
Choate and' Depew Explode Oratorical
Fireworks in British Capital.
THE FOURTH IN LONDON.
When a lemon Is large enough to fill a
test ring two and five-sixteenths o£ an
inch inside It Is picked, and if It Is still
green It Is stored until It ripens.
It has b««n trrsorsusly reported that th»
YaUowstoaa Park is overcrowded thi* season.
Such reports are false. a» I am la receipt of m.
tdegram from park management advising that
they are- now and will be inrisg the seajon
amply able to taka Crst-clasa car* of all that
may visit tie park. T. K. STATELEH. C«n
eras Agtnt, Northern PtclSe Railway. *
Yellowstone Park Hot Crowded.
NEW lORK, July 4.— The usual- Fourth
of July celebration was held in. Tammany
Hall to-day under the auspices: of the
Tammany Society. Grand Sachem James
A. O'Gorman. Justice of the Supreme
Court, delivered the address of welcome.
There were two "long talks," the first by
former Senator Charles A. Towne of Min
nesota, the other by Senator J. W. Bailey
of Texas.
Towne made a Dlea for "the old Amer
icanism." He held that the Government
had departed from the high ideal of its
founders, and committed a crime against
the Declaration of Independence and the
constitution bv its treatment of the Fili
pinos. The constitution, he contended,
nowhere Drovided for a colonial system.
He Eaid:
This new policy of colonization is trying to
masquerade in the borrowed -garments of
Democracy. It has labeled it«elf "Expansion,"
but the disguise Is transparent. The new pol
icy 1« not expansion. Expansion is the natural
and healthful growth of an organism. The
Imperialistic proc«cs of enlargement is by the
extraneous grafting of alien and unsympathetic
tissue, between which and the parent life thsre
can never be any organic relation.
The tendencies that, under the party In pow
er, have led to a repudiation of the Declaration
of Independence ami- » a partial Imperializa
tion of the constitution, have naturally pro
duced a corresponding revolution in the tra
ditions of the Government. Ths corruption
discovered in our colonial administration, bad
Speakers Utilize Occasion to Criticize
the Administration.
TAMMANY'S CELEBRATION.
cans celebrated Independence day at Mrs.
William E. Smith's villa.
ROME, July 4.— Many American flags
were displayed to-day from various pri
vate houses and at the United States em
bassy and consulate, the American Col
lege and the American Archaeological
School in honor of Independence day. In
the absence of Embassador Meyer Con
sul General de Castro received the Amer
ican colony. A banquet was given at the
American College, at which patriotic
toasts were drank, including the health
of President Roosevelt, and American na
tional hymns were played by the band.
BERLIN. July" 4.— Tho American col
ony of Berlin and the members of the
American Chamber of Commerce cele
brated Independence day at Grunan. a
suburb of Berlin, and ¦ sent telegraphic'
greeting* to President Roosevelt.
COLOMBO, Ceylon, July 4.— A British
gunner was killed and another was in
jured to-day owing to an accident to a
gun of a land battery while firing a sa
lute in honor of Independence day, as a
compliment to two American cruisers, the
Cincinnati and the Albany, now in thU
harbor. - - *
The programme ended with "short
talks" by Champ Clark of Missouri and
Congressman Wilnam Sulzer, among oth
ers.
Replies to the society's invitations were
read from ex-President Cleveland, Judge
A. B. Parker, ex-Governor D. R. Francis,
ex-Senator D. B. Hill, Senator J. W. Dan
iel. \V. J. Bryan and others.
Ex-Senator Hill predicted a political
revolution in the near future. lie said the
election of a Democratic Mayor in this
city next fall would be the opening gun
for a Democratic victory in the State and
cation in 1W4. . .
. Even the good fellowship of this occasion
would not • warrant me In saying that your
brothers throughout the country would ap
plaud or support all you do, no more than
you applaud all we do. but I sp*ak from heart
and conscience for those united In party bends
when I say that there never was a time wJien
the patrlotis throughout the nation did not
end would not rejoice in the triumph of Taxn*
rr.any Hall. • .....
Senator Bailey predicted that with
the Deraooratir party in power there
would be a stop to the Postofflce. De
partment thefts, and concluded by say-
Ing:
as It wa*. has b««n completely overshadowed
by the recent revelations of systematized *nd
confederated fraud In the Postofnce Detri
ment, which has astounded the country and ar
raigned tha admlnlatratlon at the bar of pub
tic oi'lnion. It Is the natural result of long
continued Irresponsible power.
.We are at the parting of the wayt. The
American people rnuet choose, and choose soon.
to abandon the traditions of a century and a
quarter, to enter upon the road trodd«n to
their doom by so many nations that have gone
befor« us, or to make a rededlcatlon of this
Government to the sublime principles of Its
founders. .....
LINCOLN. N*b., July 4.— The Jefferson
Club celebration of Independence day
t'/ok place at Fairview, the country home
cf William J. Bryan, to-day. Crowds from
the ciry and from the State filled the lit
tle public park .surrounding . the house.
Tom L. Johnson. Mayor of Cleveland, was
the principal speaker. Howard S. Taylor.
City Prosecuting Attorney of Chicago,
also spoke.
Eryan Introduced Johnson, who took as
his subject "Local Self-Govemment," and
th'-:, devoted hl» speech almost wholly to
his tvorSi In Ohio. The JeJTersonian doc
trine of equal rights for all and special
privileges for none was the speaker's key
note. In Cleveland, ho said, he and his
fii*-r.<l£, supponrd by a majority of the
people there, were striving to secure to
all the people of the municipality equal
rights. That was tne kind of practical
nvrk. he proceeded, which needed most to
be done at the present time.
"For." said he, "if our municipalities.
our villages, our towns and cities are gov
erned In accordance with the principles of
th«; Declaration of Independence all our
govercrntrt will be beneficially affected,
even up to th* higTiest. The true unit of
government la the municipality. Let there
be no *p«ci_l privileges there, and soon
there win be no special privileges at all."
It was with this feeling:. Johnson said,
that he had entered Into the politic* of
O eve land two years ago. It had been an
up-hill flfirht from the beginning. It was
an up-hll! fight still. It would be an up-
AT TELE HOME OF BRYAN
Mayor Tom I*. Johnson of Cleveland
Assails the Plutocracy.
Johnson eaid there could be no local
government of the people, by the peopie
and for the people eolong as Legislatures
were controlled by political bosses and for
corporations. He explained further that
he and his friends did not fight Repub
licanism alone, nnd that they were clear
ins; out of their own party, the bosses who
did secret business with the corporations.
PARIS. July 4. — The Senate and
Chamber of Deputies adjourned to-day
for the ?'!mrr.er holidays. The closing
hours were not marked by any excite
ment, tlie most important work of the
session having been previously com
pleted. The main features of Premier
Coinb»s' policy regarding the religious
orders nave been carried, and ' the
Ministry's majority has been maintained
throughout the sessions, though It "has
been somewtiat reduced in several re
cent division?. The Ministry will thus
continue in office, at least until the re
assembling of Parliament.
hill fight in the future.
"Whoever supposes that plutocracy
will yiela easily is mistaken," he said.
"But great gains have been made. The
plutocracy of Cleveland, which, like plu
tocracy everywhere, 'stands pat' for spe
cial privileges for a few and equal rights
for none, has been beaten at some points
and is on the defense at alW points."
FRENCH CONGRESS ADJOURNS
FOR SUMMER VACATION
Ministry Maintains Its Majority
Throughout Session and Will
Continue in Office.
OYSTER BAY, L. I.. July 4.~Preslder.t
Roosevelt participated to-day lu the cel
ebration of tiuc 250th anniversary of , the
founding of HuntinRton, the pretty little
Ix>ni?' Island city 'seven; ral'es; from: Oys
ter Bay. The town .wa"' in sUla attire,
As Roosevelt He Ad-,
, , dresses Anniversary Gathering. .
PRESIDENT AT HUNTISTGTON.
Among the. distinguished visitors 'on the
platform was Vlcomte Charles deCham
brun. a great;grandson of the Marquis de
Lafayette.
; Mob violence puts every man's rights to the
j doubtrul deterioration of men Inflamed by
| pat&icnate rceenlmeut and maddened by the
thim for revenge; renders our voice feebl*
when raised aralnst oppression elrewhere, and
display* a barbarity which shames the nation
in the fac« of the world. Let this people whos;
Kovfrrnment has been '•ailed a government of
lauB and not of men flx upon those who hold
themselves above the law and wiser than the
law the seal cf their condemnation.
HONESTY IN PUBLIC SERVICE.
In conclusion Moody touched upon the
necessity of honesty In the public service.
Th*re was. he declared, no disease of the
body politic eo subtle, so powerful, so
dangerous, so fatal as the corrupt be
trayal of a public trust, whether the trust
be great or small. He could not but be
lieve, he said, that in the main those who
did the people's work were honest and
true, but when the malignant ulcer -of
I corruption appeared It was no time for
Hurfac*» treatment. Tho knife must reach
under the very poisonous' root, that each
might be cut out and cast away. He
asked that wo not easily believe charges
which were made lightly.
"Let them," the Secretary added, "be
investigated with the calm Impartiality of
a court of law; but if the offense be
proved let the displeasure of the people
come like a thunderbolt from on high.
Let not the hands of justice be stayed or
Its edicts be tempered with misguided
mercy." <
• Tho remainder of the programme in
cluded music by the United States marine
land and Hinging by an adult chorus, a
chorus of school children and by the audi- ]
ri.ee. This was the first time a ceremony
of this character has been held on the
White House grounds.
Secretary Moody spoke of the equality
of all men before the law and held that
the laws, which were enforced equally for
and against all, should be respected by
all. The remedy for any wrong should
be sought under the law and in the
rourts, which represented the majesty of
thfj people's will. Any departure from
thi3 sound principle in any part pt the
land was a contempt not only of the
rourts themselves, but of the people who
had created the courts. He added:
Secretary Moody made an address In
teha'.f of the National Government. He
reminded his hearers that without the co
operation of the French fleet under De
Grasse the victory over Cornwallis at
Yorktown. which virtually determined the
Independence of the colonies, would never
have been won. Briefly the Secretary
dwelt upon the circumstances of our his
tory, if we would k*ep what we have
won, if v.-e would maintain and strength
en our position among the nations, he
said, we should purify the sources of na
tional life and guard well the qualities
upon which our continued strength as a
nation depend. In a government in which
all the people equally participate uni
versal Intelligence is demanded; without
it government by the people must be a
failure.
The fight for better things is an endless one;
we shall fight It. you and we. with eyea fixed
on the earr.e idea!— the very same marked out
by our ancestors long ago— and our flags will
move en. always toward the light; and while
we follow them we shall bs pleased to-remem
ber that If their denlgns are different, vet they
diKpiay over our beads the same colors."
SECRETARY MOODY'S SPEECH.
These dut!«f> we have in common with you.
Endowed with institutions similar to yours,
pursuing elmiiar a!tns. we Intend to vie with
you no longer on the battlefield. In view of a
liberty which has been won forever, but in
constant attempt* to improve the condition of
the mar.y. to spread the spirit of brotherhood
between men and between nations; to remain,
in a word, true to the principles proclaimed
in ycur revolution and in ours.
Ambassador Jusserand then made a
speech, paying eloquent tribute to the
Americans of the early days. He referred
to the he!p which France so willingly ren
dered the new republic in its struggle for
freedom. Congress had decided that. an
appeal should be made to the foreign na
tions for an alliance. Amid the silence of
nations one voice, he said, was heard to
say "Adsum"— the voice of France. He
concluded as follows:
The natlcn r.hcse life began 127 yeara ago
has become an immense one and eyes are more
and more fixed upon her. On the day we now
eommfrir.orate <!n a ceremony to which I am be
>*ond words proud to be associated) your an
cestors bestowed upen you gifts and framed
for you duties, the ones and the others equal
ly t-piendld. Th*y bestowed upon you that
p«-erle« gift— liberty: they left fcr you rulis
of life, obligation* and responsibilities which
will beccire more and more binding as you be
come more and more powerful.
The parade was witnessed by large
crowds and was reviewed by General S.
M. B. Youdj, the grand marshal. ' It
started shortly after 0 o'clock from the
Capitol, and was disbanded after passing
the White House.
The public meeting occurred under
the shade of the great trees on the
northeast lawn of the White House. Dis
trict Commissioner McFarland was pre
siding officer. He introduced Admiral
Dewey, who In turn introduced Barry
Bulkley of this city, who read the Decla
ration of Independence.
TRIBUTE BY A FRENCHMAN.
Speeches were made by District Com
missioner MacFarland, Embassador Jus
serand and Secretary Moody. The United
States Marine band rendered patriotic
music and there was singing by the pupils
of the Washington public schools.
SOLDIERS AND TARS PARADE.
A military procession preceded the ex
ercises at the White House ip which the
army, the navy and the/"Tnarine corp3
were represented, together with the Na
tional Guard of the District of Columbia.
Apprentices from the United States train
ing ship Prairie and men from the cruiser
Topeka, which vessels were brought to
Washington for th« event, made conspicu
ous showing.
To-night there was a display of fire
works. A number of patriotic societies
held meetings during the day and thou
sands of people left the city on excur
sions. The stores and departments were
closed.
Among those on the platform were the
Commissioners of the District of Colum
bia. Secretary Moedy. Secretary Cortel
you. Admiral Dewey, the French Embaa
sador and the embassy staff. Minister
Quesada. Rear Admirals Lamberton and
Taylor, Acting Postmaster-General
Wynne, Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury Taylor and Treasurer Ellis H. Rob
erts.
WASHINGTON, July 4.—Wash
ington to-day fittingly cele
brated the Fourth of July, the
principal affair being con
ducted under the great shade
trees of the northeast lawn of the White
House. The celebration was official In
character and was participated in by rep
resentatives of the District and national
governments and by M. Jusserand, the
French Kmbassador, who was the espe
cially invited £uest.
both residences and business blocks be
ins elaborately decorated •*•-— flag 3 and
bunting.
President Roosevelt, accompanied by
Mrs. Roosevelt and a party of about
thirty, left Sagamore Hill pier shortly
; after 2 o'clock on board the navy yacht
Sylph. The Sylph was Immediately pre
ceded to Huntington Bay by the steam
yacht Belle Moore, having on board her
owner, Samuel T. Shaw of New York and
the members of the Oyster Bay Board of
Trade.
On the arrival of the Sylph the Belje
Moore saluted President Roosevelt with
twenty-one guns. As the President landed
I at the pier in Huntington harbor he was
I greeted by Joseph Irwin. chairman of the
reception committee, and he and his yarty
were escorted in carriages to the town,
two miles away. The harbor presented a
beautiful sight as the party landed, be
ing alive wjth pleasure craft of ell sorts,
including a dozen large steam yachts, all
in holiday dresa.
Arriving at the stand erected in the
center ot the town. President Roosevelt
j was accorded an ovation. The welcoming
address was delivered by William McKln
ney and to this the President responded.
At the conclusion of the address three
rousing cheers were given for "Neighbor
Roosevelt." The President and his party
entered carriages and returned Immedi
ately to the pier, boarded the Sylph and
fteamed for home, arriving at Sagamore
j Hill sJfortly after 7 o'clock.
The President spoke as follows:
In greeting alt of you I wish to say a
word of ri>eclal greeting to those whom no
i others will object to my greeting first, to the
men because of whom we have to-day a coun
try and a President, to the men of the Grand
Army, and I thank the men of the National
Guard wearing the uniform I have worn my
self for having turned out to serve as my es
cort to-day.
After paying a tribute to the bravery
and devotion of the men in blue and talk
ing strongly for good ' citizenship, the
President continued:
The cloistered virtu* is net th* virtue that
I counts in our American life. The virtue that
counts Is the virtue that is able to hold lta own
in the hurly burly of actual life. We need
j In civil life Just as much as ever It was n«*d
| *d In military life, as ever it v.as needed In
the time of the great Civil War. the robust
power which were against wrong instead of
insuring It.
The other day r spoke at the dedication of a
monument to the sailors who followed Dewey
into Manila Bay. I spoke by the side of the
Pacific Ocean in the great city of San Fran
cisco. We ctra« there to speik proudly togeth
[ fr as Americans because on that first of May
flve years ago our people had won In one of
those fiirhts which have a far-reaching effect
oh ail history.
Why were we able to join together in pride
and Joy to commemorate that great riet-d of
five years before? Partly because of the valor,
the -seamanship, the rklll and prowess dis
played on that tlrst of May by ths men la the
ships that sailed into Manila Hay. but partly
also because there had been the wisdom which
made ready that fleet in advance. At present
there is. not a cloud as big as a hand's breadth
on the horizen. We are on terms of good will
with all the peoples of mankind. I think that
they feel well disposed toward us. I want a
good navy, not as a. provocative of war tfut
as a guaranty against war. I want It as th
cheapest Insurance of peace I want to s»e
reace always with this country, but the peace
that comes not to the coward who flinches
from the fight, but the Just man armed, who
will neither wrong the weak nor suffer wrong
from the strong. I think that Is good Ameri
canism and sound common sense. •
We only need a small regular army, but we
need a first-cUes navy, a navy equal to the
position we have in the world, and it Is abso
lutely neceteary that we should keep on with
the building up of that navy, that we should
keep the navy that we have at the highest
point of efficiency in ships. In guns, the men I
in them and behind them. Then w9w 9 shall go j
steadily on along the course we have'mapp^d '¦
out for ourselves a* a people. j
FRENCH EMBASSADOR'S
T R I BUTE TO AM E RI CA
Refers Feelingly in Washington FouUfr of
July Oration to the Long-Standing j
Friendship Between . the Two Republics
TBE SA>* IBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY u, 1903.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, July 4.—Unit
ed 'States Minister Wilson gave a" recep
tion to-day in honor of Independence day.
The newspapers here. published eulogistic
articles referring to the celebration of the
birth of the United States. .. I
ST. PETERSBURG.* July . 4.— John W.
Riddle, 'secretary of the ; United' -States
embassy. _W- . H., Holloway, ; the i.United
States Consul General, and other Amcrl*
• Senator Depcw, following in a humorous
vein, suggested the erection of a statue
in London to Monroe, and said T he felt
quite :at home in- London; now, as he
found the tariff to be the prevailing topic
in^Parliament at .the Hustings and on the
street. 'v '¦ : . ."-": ''''¦• : ¦ ¦'.'"...-¦'.
"It !s hard to say," .continued the Em
bassadur. "for which country \YVashlne
ton did most- I also want to see a statue
of the creat Queen Victoria in Washing
ton. At a critical moment she absolutely
saved us from' a conflict with Europe."
In this way; he said, he hoped that an
Anglo-American compact would bo sealed.
He called the attention of American vis
itors to the historic associations connect
ed with London churches and certainiin
8titutions. and offered to show them the
sights. — •»
26
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
| .^H pKve GrcdL it Fio-U-9 <sj j --^^
f&aek frern the Weeds
Seashore, Mountain, and Spring; Fire-works, Ora-'
tory and "good times." Back to make home more
comfortable, and, to this opportuniy of doing it
At Little Cost:
Cottage Carpet 30c.
The Sanitary Floor Covering
Will wear lonesr thin matting that costs more arid makes as good ap-
psarance as some hi?h priced carpets. It may bj laid either side up; a
choice of a soiid color or a handsome pattern in each piece. Floral, figured
a_d Oriental designs; a yard wide. Mcjsa.iag, Sewing, Liying, Lining, 3Uc
Tapestry Carpet 6oc.
This season's patterns, and good ones. Scroll, roses and Afgan in red,
green or tan. It would be economy to select now even if you are not ready
to (sy it for months yet. Measuring, Sewing, Uylc; and Using, 65 Cents.
Tapestry Carpet 90c.
We have fitted up many nice homes with this grade. If you have
<wi them on anothers* floors you would think they cost not fessthan 1.2*.
With or without border, and a wide range of color and pattern, a choice for
any room in the house. Measuring, Sewing, Laying, Lining, 90c.
Inlaid Linoleum, u$
Where the wear is consider_ble or it is to remain a long time, it pays
tj get inlaid linoleum. The pattern runs through, consequently can't wear
out. Bright, new designs. Measured and Laid. S1.15.
Figured Linoleum, 50c.
Linoleum has come to be a necessity but this grade is usually sold at
a price that classes it as a luxury. We've a car-load in very attractive de-
signs that we will take measurements and lay on your floor at 50c sq. yd.
233 235 237 Post Street
AD VEBTISF.Ttf E NTS.
pnCC^XAMINATION
ri\JCC
t-^^ All who arc siclc, all v(ho
have worn out the stomach
_/^^_^^P^^t^illll^l^|^__. an(^ health swallowing- strong
j^^^M^?^j2^ *K"* ERi anc^ poisonous medicines,
f_Pifl^^^^^^0^i%^^li?%1t_B_« should investigate -this new
' r -^ A anc^ wonderfully successful
treatment now while exami-
nat^ on an(^ treatment are free.
Those patients living at a
>^^^^m> distance should try to come
lor P ersona^ examination if
s v& flffF possible. Most patients can
» *** Efc^i return home the same day,
j5£k **%£* M$&i$ taking a course of home
<?g&£Sv _«_f^^^^a9te\ treatment along. We loan a
•^^S^^^^^^___^^^^l' complete Electro-Chemic ap-
S^^c* " >^^_£S^^P®^__ k paratus for home treatment
""i^^^X^^L. lrce * an Francisco is a de-
•^ttgafil* lightful city to live in during
l^ e summer months, and
i^®B' Jm^ many could with great ati-
vantage avail themselves of
S5( cape the heat of the interior
for a few weeks at the same
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY KEEPS WOMEN .• •
OFK THE OPEBATrNG TABLE1 . time.
Thera are many women in San Fran- Deafness. Head and Ear Noltes ara
claco who are looking forward with dread cured perf«ctly by Electro-Chemlstrj-.
to the time when they must take their Cases of years' standing In persons well
,,.,i, tn t-h#ir hands under th» fmr-#nn>« advanced in years are cured after all the
lives in their nanas unaer tne^surseon s w 9ysteras of treatment have faUed to
knife. , A goodly proportion of these suf- even teneflt them.
ferers, if they but knew it. could be per- The Electro-Chetnic X-Ray and actual
fectly and painlessly cured without the Oxypen Treatment- In Consumption kills
terrifying ordeal of surgical treatment. the Consumptive germ and cases well ad-
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY cures Cancers, vaneed ar» thoroughly cured. Only a
Tumors, Malignant Growths, Inflammation v * r 7 f« w treatments in- any of these cases
of the Ovaries and Tubes. -Enlargement. are all that Is necessary to prove to th*
Thickening and Displacement of the patient the wonderful curative effect of
Uterus and Appendages, pamlessly and Electro-Chemistry.
quickly without cutting. Patients under- 1 In Rheumatism. Neuralgia and Paraly-
golng the Electro-Chemic Treatment are sia the e j fe 1 £t3 »f e magical, and PUe». Fls-
built up and strengthened from the start. • > Hf?i~ Bd 'I 1 *? 1 ? -S 1 ?,, 5 u , l^ ly DT * d - No
This wonderful new treatment. Instead of S_51^i l 2*l*I l iS l I 2£* n / i f th * pa . Ue ? t j? not
making it necessary -for the patient to de v?^f^ f^?-,^f T t 2 e f. 3 i?^^ slo ? le
take to her bed. keeps her on her feet. m^]!t'^^llrVL^L^V? ln f S an> '
The treatment that, cures her increases Strand m.M.^««#l l tnH 9 i- In roa ;
«v<o -anrrai h«oith anH stronrth #-,_ .v.^ tatic ana iiiauaer JL>iseasea and In cases of
the general health and strength from the stricture dif all varieties Electro-Chem-
A separate apartment of the Institute it^y^IuhlT^nd^^^' in^^^T
has been set aside for Ladies. Consulta- d fnviars^whS suffix f rom?rmab%
\ion in any case is fr-<». It would be a Bladder Pros-atlo nain and «tm»7»iwI
safo thing to consult the^Electro-Chemic nimmaUon ofihe Urinary Orfanl relief
Specialist on Women's Diseases before b y Electro-Chemistry Is imracdla e and
submitting to a aurglcal operation. • permanent '«"ucui*ie ana
The wonders of modern Electro-Chemis- SeDarate'anartments havp boon -*¦•«•>¦«_,*
try i are further eiemplified In the cure for men In ttVteatUute CmlSSVm™ ? d
of Cancers lot all varleUes, both external aLa ?s Vfreo fflc bouT"" '„ £
and internal. v A. Cancer of the tongue 5 p. m.. and T till 8 p^m dally Sunday"
that could not have been operated upon 10 a. to. " till t p. m. The ELECTRO*
has been perfectly, controlled, and virtue- CHEM1C INSTITUTE h teeatetatm
ly euro*! In less than a month. Grant ave.. tor. Post i_ San Franptaen
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I - : I irr he III . ; I
I 818 7V\ark:et St. ' |
I Tlie Store Where You Get Big Values for Little Prices |
9 : 'see our many and different enterprises as one of the oldest Department Stores in San Francisco, g
$• altogether different from the rest. We make a specialty of all these lines, where you find a larger assort- g
% ment for less monsy than can.be procured elsewhere. All our departments cx.rry a complete line. Cutlery %
§ of all makes. Silverware without a. competitor. Leather Goods, a most complete line. Sporting Goods,
§ our old stand-by. Stationery of all descriptions. Combs, Brushes and Mirrors without a peer. Perfumeries, \
Ift etc., of all kinds. Household Goods, the largest variety in town. Jewelry of the latest styles. We also g
! O; carry Toys, Dolls. Baby Buggies, Trunks, Books, Baskets, Furnishing Goods, Fancy Celluloid Sets, Albums, g
g Barber Supplies, Ribbons, Veilings, Laces, etc., and others too numerous to mention. g
?; -_-_.-— -—-——- —————— i ----¦¦^^-^—-^¦¦¦---------^-—^^¦¦-^¦ii™" 1 "™"^"^"^¦^^^^¦^"¦™ l ™™™™ — ""^^^"¦'^¦¦¦¦¦"^^"^^^¦^^" rt
Q VUnoirOS— Maline or Illusion, all MTBROBS- Triplicate. w o o d e n aCTaOKS— Gold plated. 50 different h
fit colort «jctra fine qualltv. the kind- frames, corac In oalt. mahogany style*, frorn $1.00 up. -jarantesd g
! S you p4y^5c for w^ sell at 10c yard nnd ebony: oval round or square not to tarr.JEb. §
|O J u v y sbnpcs. from $2^5 to $12^0 each. EHA3CBI. WAKE- Blue quadruple %
» 3IBB0HS— All silk, extra wide, f.nff atiBuoBS— Shavlup. on pedesUl. ccated. X
6 luster: rcg. 20c. reduced to 12c yavl nUkel frJm< , 3 fro m 4 to if Inches; 10-quart paJl«; our price 70o £
'S HAITDXEHCHIxrS — Ladies' pure from $2.25 to $7.50 each. 12-quart pail*, ocr price 8O0 §
! % linen, reduced from 50c to 25o. ¦ ; MIK BOBS--MasnifylnK. either stand- l!^_Jl^ *2££2£S%£$£il' ' ' '!£ «
1 «?!5?!£S'«S,r fMt ""*¦ cut J^TO §
£ from loc to 7c pair. g0 <>nch __^Hr*'" V"*£2 A $a^ X
Q GlOVES-il^idies' fine lisle; rec 50c. mi BB0 BS— Hand, come in oak. "«« 9AMZS3 SOo £
» cut to 35c. ebony, mahojrany. white, amber or GO-Z.C5TEZ, tar cleacinc nickel. :•*
9- KTSBOiT bows— Reduced from °5c »«ol! f'Jor. In celluloid, staghorn. bn_w.*wvwl tTf**. copper marble. JjJ
9i *^2 =°W5— Reduced irom -oc : ,, limilluUJ nnd German silver. la fa__. vrrpKllzs; rej. price 23c. g
t* 10 aw. round, oval or square shape, from «cr prtt* 15c Jt
ft COLLARS — Linen ladies' 4-ply. higrh 25c tip. * TUCX'S ili<--: I2»tal Polish, best W
5 cut; res. price 15c. on sale 2c each aHBRO2S Table use. round, 4 to 21 jx.U__ ess tatrth, for a«w _nd old «
| Razors, Knives and Shears Ground and Repaired, j
1 Picture Frames of AH Descriptions Made to Order. |
{SCHOOL BOOKS and SCHOOL SUPPLIES AT RIGHT PRICES j
j| Summer Reading. Hammocks. g
\t< The following copyright fiction just published at $1.30: Our sale of Hammocks for this season was far be- £
S m . r nrfce . S1.O8 vond our expectations, so we were compelled to re-order A
8 Ji r- /.V"w" k M,,r,..t,- i' n j. P »h» Mnmp. hv » new stock to carry us through the summer months. $
I ,.hS? S^S^Frank^vSrfs^iidy'Ro/e'I Da^ntS They have Just arrived. New de^ S ns and new styles at «
I » %B&$S§$g8S3&gS. JSS&ffiS5BS£S S ffS£» |p s r .d« |
O Green; The' Ward of King Canute, by Liljencrantz; The «£ 55 fS& W!?^ %U-^^V_i_^ *?%? S
Circle, by Thurston; The Main Chance, by Nicholson: V? ft Soft Finish. Pillow and ?a**™* ¦¦¦•¦ -• — •_»•<__;» g
S Conjurer's House, by White; The Traitors, by Oppenhelm .a/X&T-mmK!^ AT> m^1^ T at 8 1 - 43 ' 91.e*>. 81.»o. g
¥;. 8>2. CO. J82.oO to 84.3O. »
| New White House Cook Book. Tents. §
2» We have just received the first edition of The New We inaks to order any sire wanted and at short J*
S White House Cook Book. 500 pages, bound in white oil notice. *y
S cloth. On sale at the special price oOc 5x7 Wedge Tents' S3.5O g
g ...... 7x7 Wedge Tents j*4.7_» X
1$ nirfinn^rv SnPPial^ 7x3 "Wedge Tents §ri«t.*/ O
lO UlCUUIIaiy Opeoiaio. r»7 Wall Tents go.r><» _?
X Webster's Modern Dictionary 1J>C 7x9 Wall Tents jHHft* §
|O Webster's School and Offlce Dictionary "ii^iC 9x5_J\a!l Tents .............. -• i ... »••««» _?
|$ WebEter's Unabridged. K SO pages S1.4.*> Poles and plna |1.*> to JL 60 extra. §
(WILL & FINCK CO. |
$. . 818 MARKET STREET. g
* ATiVEBTISEMENT*.
Brai« Extea- A RffT j Sale of Sheets-
f'J r t at n s: Mtra W f T\ torn, extra quality
quaJJty brass UU/<|r I lt»PCC of muslin. SI x 93
S 5S^SS DldUL Ultbb <full e! «). Special
frcra 3b» Inch- rn 1 C 1 to-morrow, each....
Zr DV &:.rz%: Goods bale 1 ::: "- toc -
BLACK PILOT SERGE— All wool, 52 inches wide A fir
—Regular 85c— Special Monday rrC/W
Dl \CK \M.\ZO-* CLOTH — wonderful value at 85c; a plie-
Spoiiged and shrunk by our new nomenal special to-mor- AQq
electrical process; =2 inches wide, row; a yard
all wool; also new colorings; BLACK FANCY EXAMINES—
regular $1.50 value; Special be- New ?fleets; silky finish; 30
ginning ;o -morrow, a QQ r inches wide; a grand dollar qual-
jard SOL. ily ard ?reat spec iA beginning
BLACK SUNSHINE ALPACA— to-morrow; a yard fiQc
Hxtra heavy; iron frame, Eng- \J^^
\\\ make; 46 inches wide; also send Kort samples maii> orders
in red, navy and new blue; a j ' promptly filled.
: — -o
BOMBYX TAFFETA SILK
Sold Only Here.
We have «ecured the exclusive right to sell the celebrated Bombyx
Taffeta S-lks in this city and take great pleasure m recommending
them to ail (particularly to dressmakers). ,
If voj are in need of a silk of very superior rustle, one that is war-
ranted to wear, to be a real silk and of a pure dye that_ retains the
fall strength of the fiber, by all means sec this hne. Every shade,
including black and white, and at a price within the reach £$q
27-1nch''p a ONGEE' "SILK— A* 7=c g«de; 20 pieces just arrived;
the same as we had on sale before; on sale Monday and Zf) r
wh:;e :t lasts; a yard
& _ O
Four Specials in Ready-to-Wear Goods
WOOL WALKING SKIRTS-^?- PURE LINEN WASH WAISTS
gore f.are. tailor-stitcbed seams. — Fancy trrmmed, with bands
ten rows of stitching on bottom; of j incn and }j ncn buttons; the
regular price %&*', sho *. n m verv latest cut and an elegant
ch* "S? 7- i^'have' been selling for §375;
tenals; special each g2.4O big saving here to- £? 50
A L P AC A 'SKIRT S-Tailor- morro ' A ' ' " " = * '
Pitched seams and full o-?ore LAWN EMBROIDERED
f.are. weil made in the very latest WAISTS-Fine quality; tucked
cut; a $6.00 «kirt: shown in black front and back: full pouch sieeve;
and navy blue; a great special a good value at $1.25; a big spc-
To-morrow; each... <£A A~ c ' al to-morrow; each QXq
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
IIIIIHT'P fl
SSPPH-OllOi?
It's That Imitation Which
Requires the Attention of: a
Connoisseur to Determine.lt
Frcm the Real Brazilian Pro-
duct. Actually possessing
every attribute that causes a
real diamond to bsso valu-
able. The only imitation ever
known to science to possess
the same prismatic five of the
genuine, -with the same dia-
mond cut.
Deinonstratsd and sold with-
out the- aid of electric lights.
Artificial lights in the even-
ing only.
Guaranteed for a period of 25 years.
Catalogues. World's greatest dia-
mtrtid imitator. - ¦ , j*
j; C. DAVIDSON,; 124 Kearny St. —Brilliant Ceremony in Observance of the
Fourth at Historic Santa Clara and Many
Places Throughout the Interior of the State
PATRIOTS CELEBRATE
IN DECORATED TOWNS
BISHOP CONATY SPEAKS.
Masterly Address at the Celebration
y ; ; dn Santa Cruz.; . .
SANTA CRUZ, July l-Thousands of
persons'assembled in. Santa Cruz to-day
to celebrate the Fourth. The programme
waa elaborate •. and . the affair was very
successful/; Three bands furnished : music
during t the day. ' ' '
. Tho naval reserves and the Thirteenth
United States Infantry band from Angel
Island conducted V the flaz raising. At W
'During the first few years following the gold
discovery California. , was the .world's- Mecca.
The methods of travel. were alow and irksome.
The toilsome- journey across the plains, with
Its attendant- perils: ,the sea voyage with Ha
uncertainties . and • hardships— thue ... did this
State Invent a serious need of steamboats and
long distance railroading. Necessity Is th«
mothe. of Invention. On May 10. I860, vu
driven . the last spike connecting the Union
Pacific with the Central Pacific. . When on that
graisEy plain north of Salt Lake the impressive
ceremonies- took place -which united the two
great oceans;'' the practicability -of ¦ long-dis
tance railroading had ' been demonstrated by
California. The completion of this read, three
times the length of any railroad - of the world
at that time, was one of the achievements! of
the are.,' , . .¦ V<: . -....-.
¦: When public officials . refused ¦ to uphold the
laws; "when corruption existed In high places,
It "was the i citizens of California who organ
ized vigilance committees, demonstrating to the
world .that no man or set of. men were above
the. law. Still." again, within recent' years, has
this State played a most Important part In na
tional affairs— acatn • has; California furnished
Indisputable evidence "of -hfr- loyalty to -that
Government ; founded by, our ; forefatheri- VVhca
NEW WORLD'S MECCA.
stttutional convention the response was prompt.
Imbued with that "spirit of '76," ' these early
pioneers, a majority of them young men.
placed pick, shovel and pan iemporarlly out of
commlEBlon, and Impelled by a patriotic de
sire to render service to their adopted land,
Journeyed to the old town of Monterey to par
ticipate In the convention's deliberations: In
September. 1840, - in historic Colton Hull—
which the Native Sons have been instrumental
In preserving— convened that famous conven
tion which drafted for California a constitu-
Agaln was California destined to play an Im
portant part In national affairs., When this
prospective State knocked at the door for ad
mission there were fifteen free and iflfteeu
slave States. The question came before Con
gress at a time when i the first dark clouds
were gathering, forerunner* of the impending
storm that was to break later in all its fury
upon -the nation, threatening the -very foun
dations of government. A bitter fight was
waged. The rreat statesmen of the nation
gave vent to their best efforts. It waa. during
the memorable debate upon this question that
Senator Seward uttered these words, which,
lii view of latter-day events— tho acquisition
of Hawaii and the Philippines — now seem
prophetic: "The Atlantic States, through their
commercial, social." and political affinities and
uympath(es. are steadily renovating the gov
ernments and the social constitutions of Kurope
and Africa. . The Pacific. States must neces
sarily perform 'the same sublime and beneficent
function In Asia." "A phophecy that' Is rapidly
being fulfilled. When a vote was finally taken
California wa« admitted as -a free State and
the tide was turned. .
Californians, this beloved State of ours has
a glorious past— a past that should be an In
spiration, awakening an ambition to make her
future as brilliant. The Fourth of July Is no'
longer a day when w-e meet to rejoice like chil
dren, but It is an oceaslon when, in the midst
of a busy life, we pause to reflect. It is a day
that. should forcibly bring home to every loyal
American citizen • a reallzatldn that ¦ with our
niugnltlrcnt inheritance we are heirs to grave
responsibilities; heirs ta possibilities of a still
more 'glorious future. With this oriceless leg
acy—a free and united country with Us advan
tages and opportunities — we must tske upon
ourselves duties. that cannot be avoided: we
must face responsibilities r that : we . have no
right to shirk. - - - ' . • " ' .
¦¦ Citizens • of California and Native , Sons of
the Golden West, on this Independence day. let
us' pledge anew our allegiance to country and
devotion ? to her sacred institutions, resolving
that not alone on the glorious Fourth will our
patriotism - be manifested, . but that • In ' civil
life. by. never neglecting to exercise our pre
rogatives an citizens.' we will furnish practical
demonstration of our loyalty.
vi As an .order let -.the. Native- Sonu - continue
with renewed activity In. the commendable
work they j have , undertaken — the preservation
of those valued reminders of our golden past—
for through I no movement can this great er
ganizatlon give more practical demonstration
to this and future generations of Its loyalty
to State and respect for tfce honored. memories
of, those who have passed away.'
on that May morning in 1808 was flashed around
the world the news of Dewey's great naval vic
tory In Manila Bay. the eyes of every American
citizen were turned toward this land by the
Golden Gater Without Immediate reinforce
ments a signal victory might be turned Into a
humiliating' defeat. California was equal to
the . emergency. From, this gateway to the
Orient sailed the first transport, her decks
crowded with the young manhood of this
commonwealth — Native Sons, nrjany of them —
willing to sacrifice their lives to uphold th«
flag they loved, 'and eventually secure to a be
nighted and oppressed people a j free govern
ment. .
o'clock one of the best parades ever seen
here passed through the principal streets.
The naval reserves, . Red Men in Indian
costumes, Columbia Park Cadets of San
Francisco, fraternal societies, labor union
floats and floral decorations made up the
long line.
: After the procession literary exercises
were held at the armory. The oration, by
Bishop Thomas Conaty, was a masterly
one and patriotic. In the afternoon an
other parade was followed by games and
races at th« beach and concerts by the
three bands. This evening there was a
great display of fireworks. There wer*
also concerts on the beach and a dance at
the armory.
SACRAMENTO, July i-The celebra
tion in Sacramento to-day was a grand"
success. There was a big parade In ttjs.
evening with fireworks en route. Charles'
W«|sley Reed of San Francisco was the
orator. Percy Webber acted as grand
marshal and Miss Ethel Deardorrt was the
Goddess of Liberty. Miss Elva McCluhan
read the Declaration of Independence.
We meet to-<!ay under the very shadow of
Mission Santa Clara to commemorate events
which occurred Ices than one year prior to the
founding of this cherished landmark. In that
memorable year, 1776, at both extreme* of this
great continent, history was. being made. Upon
those shores bordering on the mighty Atlantic
cur forefathers were foundlnr a republic. On
tlKi=e Pacific shores those intrepid and self-'
sacrificing Franciscan missionaries, the oiirl
nal pioneers of California, were laying the
LAB0BS OF MISSIONARIES.
Musical and literary exercises and danc
ing in the town plaza tilled In the after
noon. Dr. A. E. Osborne was president
of the day. Father Kenna delivered the
invocation. An original poem by George
Thcrt was recited by James Bacigalupl,
and Eron Blunkall read the Declaration
of Independence.
The Hon. J.' R. Knowland of Alameda
delivered the oration of the day. A vast
crowd wa3 present. Athletic, sports fol
lowed. The celebration closed with
open air production of "As You Like 'it"
this evening. Mr. Knowland spoke as fol
io we:
Native Sons' " parlors composed the
fourth division, there being thirteen par
lors in line. Among them were Rincon,
Mission and Golden Gate of San Fran
cisco.
There was no lack of enthusiasm. A
couple of thousand Native Sons and
Daughters of the Golden West Joined in
the celebration. The morning was a sort
of a reception to the visitors. Shortly
after 11 o'clock the parade, with H. A.
Pflster as grand marshal, began to move.
It consisted of four divisions and was the
largest pageant ever seen \n the college
town. There were about 3000 persons in
line. Miss Clara Roll, the Goddess of
Liberty, occupied a throne on a beautiful
float of green. Societies and firemen from
nearly every town along the peninsula
were represented in line.
county. Probably 10,000 visitors
were in the historic mission town. No
better place could be selected in the val
ley, for the Santa Clara mission was
founded about the time the Declaration
of Jndependence was written. Besides
thousands from San Jose, special trains
brought large crowds from San Francisco
and the towns between there and Santa
Claxa.
S*^ ANTA CLARA, July 4.— The na-
VV^ tloa's holiday was celebrated In
2^^SS grand style here and Santa Clara
acted as the host for the entire
In the midst of the excitement occasioned by
this Important discovery, when thousands
were absorbed In their efforts to extract irom
the soil of California the glittering jnetal
It Is a remarkable and noteworthy fact that
these enthusiastic gold seekers were not un
mindful of the duties they, as American citi
zens, owed to their country, and when Mili
tary Governor Itiley Issued hjs call for a con-
E vents followed in rapid sequence. Two
years later Marshall discovered In the tall
race of nutter's mill the few yellow particles
that turned the steps of thousands westward
and revolutionized business throughout { the
world. Tht statement has been made that* had
It not been for this gold discovery there
would have been no Civil War In 1SR1, for
without that tremendous, yield of wealth from
California the United Ktates could not have
b«cn by '61 in any financial condition for the
prolonged struggle which followed, this State
furnishing half of all the gold produced In
the United States.
DISCOVERY OF GOLD.
On July 7. 184*— and It should have been
on July 4— the banner of enlightenment and
progress was unfurled over the old Custom
house at Monterey, and a new era dawned for
California. Oth4r flags had been raised and
lowered over this historic building, but the
Stars and Stripes, the Insignia of the mighty
American nation, when once flunj to the
breeie, was there to remain, to be displaced
by the emblem of no nation upon the face cf
the globe. -'.-. -
Great changes were continually taking place
In this "land of easy miracles." as It has been
termed, and world history was being made.
The sovereignty of Spain gave way to the sov
ereignty of Mexico, and rulers changed with
bewildering rapidity. In 1834 R. H. Dana
Jr. visited this coast and declared that Cali
fornia was at the ends of the earth — a country
where there was neither law nor gospel. But
this chaotic condition was soon to end and a
stable government to be established.
The lives of those devoted padres are an in
spiration. In that city of the southland,
whose shores are kissed by the waters of San
Diego Bay. these religious enthusiasts first
landed In 1761), and from that period, enduring
hardships which tongue cannot describe, they
struggled on unfalteringly until the last link
In the chain of twenty-one missions had been
completed. Civilization followed in the wake
of th« Franciscans, and the history of the
Far West began.
foundation of "this future commonwealth.
It is particularly fining that we should as
semble !n this city, which bears the name of
one of those historic old missions-, and under
the auspices of the Native' Sons or this now
(treat commonwealth, to celebrate tht one
hundred -and twenty-seventh anniversary of
our nation's birth. This occasion and these
environments call to mind the fact that In the
history of this mighty nation our State has
played a most Important part, and It would
seem propitious at this time to touch upon
those events In the history of California which
have been far-reaching In their effects, influ
encing national policies. Awaken an Interest
In local history and you instill Into the hearts
of the people a love of State, stimulating a pa
triotism that cannot be confined within geo
graphical lines.
DISTINGUISHED ORATQRS WHO TOOK AN IMPORTANT PART irf
THE FOURTH OF JULY CEREMONLES WHICH WERE HELD YES
TERDAY AT SANTA CRUZ AND SANTA CLARAl
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JULY 5, 1903.
27
PBAGERS : | PBAGEBS f PRAGEBS. I PRAGEBS
Green Trading Stomps . jfr jg^ Shoes.
The crrcen Trading Stamo feiture mL . ..¦¦KiBj ' ' / 1 or 1C^ t * 0X ' 0I ' <^ : '' in c ' 0^'^ Ot " ''"^
which entitle you to a selection MB A tWAVsMJLI ABLE calfskin working
from a great variety of beautiful £§& A«^Tfrt.ay Anm*iAsa.*-^.M*mMsm~* shoes, plain toes, in Congress and
premiums. They arc Riven with all P§8 -g AQA ¦* ' C%tt£k TUW A TTi'BX"Br > i*- €&*B* mo rnvr< lacc - Made by the Uncle Sam
purchases. Ask for them. P* 1% 00^1450 flAK UK/ 1 &!.««*«»- Shoe Co., Won made.
There will be some very HARD DRIVING IN PRICES during this first* great "Inventory Drive Sale." It is the first an-
nual clearing event of this big store, and the entire stock— not a few lines that we are very heavy in — will be thrown open to our
natrons. There will be bargains that will astonish shoppers, and will again emphasize the fact that here is the Mecca- for careful
money-saving buyers. This store has been established only ten months, and each of the department managers wants to make the
best possible showing for his or her department before stock-taking begins. Each will vie with the other to mark prices on goods
that will insure their quick selling. With the enthusiastic co-operation of all of our managers this great "Inventory Drive Sale"
has been arranged, and unless our calculations are considerably overestimated it will be the GREATEST of the year. )$fi
Steady Drives in Silks and Driving Prices in Women's
Dress Goods. Cloak Section.
These Drives offer unusual opportunities for big specials in this de- 5000 Bargain Garments.
partment. It is ordinarily considered an off season for silks and dress The complete stock has oeen divided into Drive specials. Our
p " ¦ ... . j ,. ,u;, mnn ti, ;„ « cnnH as jnv buyer will soon go East for next fall and winter garments, but before
goods, but with the proper inducements this month is as good as any hfi gQes 0 | eringg be made tQ gh( f ing pu ' Wic Each
other month. We have made these inducements and advertise nere garment advertised here has been reduced especially for this great
a short list of some of the very special bargains that will be ready Drive Sale, and is a wonderfully fine bargain. There are many other
for our patrons to-morrow morning: .bargains of broken lines, f r - , - ,^-
„_ , . , , . . ** | „: . r»;.,_. rtn -i Worth ?oc ??5.45 — Thirty tailored walking and dress suits; single-breasted
aVa 8 d ~i 2 Ti Cl \ ! n A «,5S? Toe value ' % front: blouse and Eton styles; neatly tailored, mostlf all- gray.
«7tf«—. l8-inch black novelty dress goods, soc value. Worth $10.00 regularly
4i|c a yard-40-inch black Mohair ac f 0 {^' ( Jp7.»r,-Forty tailored suits of Cheviots. Venetian cloth and Home-
.» Oc a yard-45-mch black Alpaca. Worth 75c. \ n$ jn b , ack and and tg
50c ?».«>5_T W enty-nine ele K ant suits of Broadcloth. Cheviot and Nov-
uOc a yard-44-inch black Clay Serge. A regular 75c value. elty Weaves; blouse and fly front styles; silk-lined jackets; neatly
Colored. trimmed. Formerly sold at $15.00.
17c a yard— .^6-inch colored' Serge. Worth «c ' -.. 914.O5_Sixty styjishlv tailored suits of Broadcloth, Cheviots and
a yard— 38-inch colored Tigurcd 1 runella. A_35C %aiue. Novelty Mixtures. All colors and sizes. Silk lined blouse iackcts. Sold
48e a yard— 45-inch Changeable Suiting. Regular 7nC value. regularly at $22.00. Outing Skirts.
50c a yard— 38- inch All-wool Shcpard Checks. Worth 75c. 50c— Covert cloth walking skirts, five-gore, flare cut; four rows of
Silks. cording and stitched five times around bottom. Worth $1.00.
25c — Imported Wash Silks. Sold regularly at 50c. . 05c — Stylish skirts of polka dot duck, blue only; flare and flounce
• 40c and 55c — Fancy, Waist Silk. Worth 85c and $1.00. effects, with white piping. A regular $1.25 value.
40c — 24-inch colored and black Grenadine. Worth 75c. . $1.25 — Navy blue and black polka dot duck skirts; two plain bands
50c and S«">c — 44-inch black silk Grenadine. 85c and $1.25 Y^' 1 *"' over hips and down the front: deep hem, full cut. Worth $1.75.
50c— 24-inch colored Crepe de Chine; brown, old rose, pink and 91.45— Double graduated flounce skirts of blue and black polka
black. Regular 85c goods. dot duck. Piped with white.
Enthusiastic Driving in Linens Underwear and Hosiery for
and Bedding. Women at Drive Sale Prices.
" fnvpntnrv Prices ®* a^ tne e P artments at are offering "Inventory Drive Sale"
Miveniory r ¦ bargains, the department devoted to women's undergarments will
Special offers are being made in household furnishings as well as proba b ly be m ore popular thanany other. Our manager made some
summer outing goods. The most particular buyer will be easily sat- tremendous reductions in the stock. Some garments will be sold for
isfied with the extraordinary chances that will be given on these nearly one-half of what they were marked a few weeks ago. Besides
«„«. Everything will be &I3£*S££S > ££3'»?- """^ ££ """' """ "" " *?
7c each— 500 dozen pillow cases made of a good standard muslin; . .. .._..,. c Ho « er y-
' ' ;" 7 . ', -,5heets.' 12 »^c_An odd line of girls' lace lisle hose, fast black.
44c_^ size sheets; a regular ooc, value, . 1254c— Boys' heavv cotton hose: elastic tops and fast black. -
50c_Full double size; a regular 70c value. - - 8 l-3c— Women's heavy cotton hose; fast black.
R^U? uS S e p X re"d 0 S r tr a f y i^ U . eS - Regular $4.30 spreads (or if3.00 silk finished gjtonbo*; «.« q oaiity.
Regular $2.50 spreads for J1.U5. Regular |5~ JKSds for'^ioo. $1.25_Genuine C. P. made of fine quality of Italian cloth; well
Regular 5J-SO spreads for »-^J^ ?75 P boned: straight front model. Regular prices, $2.00 and $J.5O. I
48c Pure whUe satin fi|hed .able damask, 6o inches wide. The *$g^gg« "'" "^ b ° niUS: '"«
"So£lW™tlm. 70 inches 'wide: worth Soc a ymU ¦ *1-->O-Gcnuine C P. fancy brocade corset; straight front model;
7«c-Taole lineii. 70 inches wide; extra heavy; worth $1.00 a yard. long hip; colors, black and cream. Regular $3.50 value.
Startling Drives in Ribbon Dep't. 1 A Big Drive in Laces and .
Not only ribbons, but neckwear, veiling and handkerchiefs will : 1TittKrOirl^t*1AC
be found in this department. .Special prices have been marked .A^IUI/1 ViUCl 1XZO*
Z^^rt^'^'^t^l^^'it '^"fScy Trimming, „. rfway, welcome^hen snfncien. inducement >b
goodsV Women's Neckwear. ?¦ made. There was an overstock in this department two months ago,
10c each— Linen lawn top collars, silk embroidered; blue, white, and to leave no doubt that there will be any surplus on hand unpre-
red and black. Valued at 20c. ' cedented reductions have been. made. The bargains offered at
BUlfop tatrcmoroUTd an Q "me of our former saUs, p a^arl 7 *e White Sale, gave *U de-
wheat in blue, pink, white, red and black. Worth 50c. • partment an enviable name and the bargains offered for this week
Veiling. v are great, if not greater than any offered before.
25c a yard— All silk veiling in tuxedo^ mesh, chiffon, Brussels net; \6\/ r a yard— 4000 yards' of sheer Lawn and Cambric Embroid-
plain, fancy and dotted; all the latest styles and patterns. Worth *&/2^ ery and i nscrt ions, 4^ to 9 inches wide. Sold regularly
40c a yard regularly. Handkerchiefs. • at We and 35c a yard.
«c each— Lawn handkerchiefs with embroidered scalloped edges; _ a yard _ 3OOO yar ds of black silk French and Chantilly Galloons,
full size. Worth 10c. ¦ vi to 3 inches wide. Regular 20c and 35c values.
18c— Of linen lawn'with scalloped,, hemstitched and embroidered • y * f j e r u • tr u -*i r . • " . T
|g| T^eyarc all our -gular 4, 25c and | hankerchiefs, 7 C JYn'clef ,S?Woftf^c^ %?*» "* In "
5c a yard-All pure silk ribbSnsTstripes plaids and plain, 1 and 5c *£& Gall ° OnS ' ? *° fl "^ " idC *
VA inch in width; suitable for hairbows. Worth 10c. Regular 10c to 20c a yard values. - .
10c a piece-All pure silk velvet ribbon, satin back; No: 1 black a yard— 3500 yards of Torchon and Cluny Edgings and In-
andcoloreT 10 yards to piece. Valued at 35c . sertionj; all beautiful designs. Valued at 10c and 1354c.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Tiff -"" "¦¦¦—¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦«— MW—w.'u in ni»a— rTwrr—'u-nr -i «i» » r,
*^tS£L&3r iyt 1 1 . XXf A I T If C fc?
On call "at club or cafe— or delivered in bottles to the home. Thejp beero
ar« incomparable in quality and. possess a hop and malt .flavor tnat evl>
dencea absolute purity and "beer character."
Always the- Same Good Old Blatz
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE; ;-.*¦; Non-Intoxlcara-^Tonlc Purple;:
BRAUNSGHWEIQER &eG;,Inci
5 orjd T Drumrri St.'Soo Frarjeisco. -^ Telephone Wain 1646, Wholesale Dealers,
(¦•¦•¦•B«Be«0B0B©B»H01»H«H0H«ai010H0HfiH»B*««'
| Sorhet hin g: Swell
I Full quarter, sawed oak— heavy French beveled mirror, 30s3&-two drawers
• lined. Remember In buying from us you save the rent that la added to price
J of goods at all other stores, for we are the only furniture house. in the city
I that own our building, pay no rent and give you the benefit in low prices.
> .; LARGEST STOCK— LOWEST PRICES.
j THE J, NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
j 1017-1023; MISSION: ST.; Above 6th. -NeaF Nev Postofflee
iMI0IIIIIIIIIIIMII9iniill.lllHIIIIIII|l
•'• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JB. KATSGHINSKll
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. §
13 THIRD STREET, SAH FRARCiSCO. j
i-Tjoiirrirs caz.z. ustluzsg. ¦ j
LOW FRIGES TO CLEAR f j
OUT A FEW LINES. |j
We rr.&kc our trade good t>y sell- f]
ing cheap and you never hear us B '
complsin;nff about dull times, for p] i
w.' make- it our business to giv-3 y. j
bcuer values and lower prices thin I i
our rempetjtors. We never have j
any dtad stcck. for when we find i
& *-hoe Is not a ready seller we cut j
the price and give our customers a
bargain. This week sp* ciu! induce-
rnpiu?. as we ha.ve .bunched to- j i
Cether all thr remaining sizes of !
cur principal styles of tan Oxfords '•
that havo «old so well this spring
and summer.
Ladles' Tan Vlci Kid Oxford ties,
coin toes and tips, turned soles and
French heels. REDUCED TO
S1.»O A PAIR. Bold resularly i
for &L50 and $3.00. We have the fol-
lowing sizes:
XX wl<3«. 4 to 7 I r wlde.C^ to " '¦-
A vide. 4 to 5 I D •KlAr. :l to .Vj i
B wide. 3 to K I E widf,3!s tf»«Vi H
TAN SHOES FOR LADIES j
\ Special values in Ladies* Tan. &
Kid. l^ace and Button Shoes, single gj
or double soles, ooin toes and tips R
and military heels. Every pair gfl
guaranteed lor wear. 1'p-to-date IS
styles and good fitters. Slre3 EJ
bi:i:ched together, ar.d will be E
fcOLD AT tl.K A PAIR. N
Regular jirtce. 52.00 to $3.00. " p
A A widf. 3 to * I H wide. :: t ¦¦« *; H
A wide. 2'j to !< I C \K\iie, 2^i tu b B
1' L> wide. i"i to 4 an j 51^ tv s. U
There (n only one b€6t and that is
tht <;!.OU1A $3.50 SHOES FOR ,
WOMEN. Single or double soles, i
In a!! the latest designs. We are j
sole agects.
B. KATSCHINSKI, I
i Philadelphia. Shoe Co. 1
X0 TKIED ET.. Saa Francisco. |{
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
WOLF^HERXC AN I n M0BFHINE "i
BICYCLE Zi Li^sor E»hiU P.ti-
__. -_ . P tirely k4 Qaitkly
This Ee&soa? p P «^ vr, vitk
Xfc. Sew UodeU Are I Ef^l-Si**" 1
Now ta. U SnTERIKG.
liicycle. ami Eportla* M IKBIIlKDOTUi j
X£2S MARKET ST. > *"» r "" c-- >¦ * ¦ \
E.J.EHSM&COJ... TRUSSES...
fFonaerly of firm o?
r, rir . .. ¦MrGutZcV 1 ELASTIC STOCKINGS
Ensign * McGuIfick.) AbdomlM , s U pp Or t crs>
Lnbricaiini: f\U^r n Et \-
* U1LS Cogntr/ fcSftSti,.
Feints. V«rnl»hes, Etc. _. "
32 Sacramento St. J"°*- GINNEVER.-
Kl.J Market et.. s. F.
1 Telephone Buth S50. Phctw Howard 3033.-
•' MISCELLANEOUS.
EVERY WOMAN
J -*-5^ isfaterested and should know
about the wonderful
#2W K VlY\ UARVFI WHIRLING
SlissSwWll 1 b , c ne*TteU«l Syrlace.
' I A *jfe'-w'' kL' fi J»jection and Suction.
\V «S?C KL tS^'Vi Best— Safest— Most Con-
Ni>G^V^Os»^ib^ veaieoL ItCleia»ei
*******
ktkftainpfitt fortt. \-,. iSflg* ¦ m ' i^~y — •
1< 4m r«iwot tujsp'r «t:« sIBr*f '^¦¦' / i/i5
«%n\'KI* *-t<-[xno V; ' ' 'E^feV— ¦
ether. Iwt *ewd »t»»"T> *W »11u». V->, g ''*'%//&/
iia>-o Ixv-k-ncnlftf. llei»«»fuU J' g "•'¦'^T
T»rti<-Blirs «n'( £tittr<\~r»- lavsiuabie **i"#. fa
tfi«<j.e- nARvri. rn.. tt / /v ',>"r.4r
Room £CS. TimeJ Bis:., .few York. -»»-<ifa» r
H ftp* rSHff Ik yl. mB
%A \vS~yi ** y&AWB H faS few **Hr -Pi
A1EIN
bja^ l «gi Drt. HALL'S KEINVIGORATOR
.g£S B*C *toi*fc all locscc and unnaturfil <J1»-
S H clinxet-m In 24 hour*. You ittl aa
fc*\*9 SO miprovement trom tbc flr»t iout..
Ff&X Rvfil fc tikva fco much tonadtace In our
lil/J ITiJ treatment ih»t *• offer five
CvH %*S Hundred reward for any caso we
UhbokQeS eaauct curt. This lecret remedy
cures Ictt pover, nightly emUslonc. wasted or-
¦»ant. Vftricocele, tleet, rtrtcturet. kidneys, fail-
ir.C mercory, Craii.s in the urine, sonorrlioea.
e.kt* st of th« proitate ' pland* iicd .all otbtr
terrible rffecia of self-abuse or excesses, which
te«d or. to consumption and drath. Positively ,
< urn the worst casea io old or young- of that j"
tr.ortifrinr condition, qulcknee* or the ,dl»- .
charsc fciid wtntlnr to do. and you can't. B«nt |
•eaJed. (2 tier battle, thre* bottlej. $5. Guar-
• r't»-d io cur* any case. . ¦
Call or addrrra orders HALL'8 MHDICAI^ [
IXETITUTE. b55 Brcfcdway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for tale tt 10T3',i M&rket tt.. 8. l". SenJ
Set late bock. ' ..'Foresters of America.
GOURT MARIN. F. of A., at Tibu
ron, celebrated its eleventh anni
versary on- the last* Saturday" in
•June; being assisted by the '"members* of
Buena Vista Circle of tho Companions.
There ¦ were * present from thla city Mrs.
Sarah : Beversen, Jacob " Label, editor '¦ of
the American Forester, Review; and ' Mrs.
J. Label. There was a pleasing programme
of entertainment and then a banquet,, the
AT the session of the Supreme Lodge
of the Friends of the Forest, held a
few weeks since. Mrs. M. M. Reed,
P. 8. P., was elected supreme treasurer.
A section of the constitution of that.or
der provides that no more than two from
any one lodge > shall be elected to su
preme offices. In spite of . this the' body
elected three from one of the lodges, and
sSme one. filed a protest with the exeeu
tlVe'board, charging that Mrs. Reed held
office lllesally. The others who were
elected were under the constitution en
titled to be elected before the treasurer.
The protest was sustained and the office
declared vacant. Subsequently H. Simon
was elected to fill tho vacancy.
.' Pioneer Lodge will have Its officers In
stalled on the first Tuesday in July, after
which there will be an Installation ban
quet.
Friends of the Forest.
The Manchester Unity has a member
ship of nearly one million, with assets
valued at $55,000,000. Receipts from dues
during the last year amounted to over
59,000,000 and the amount paid to widows,
orphans and distressed members, as well
as sick benefits, amounted to about $6 000 -
ooo. • - >¦ . • . .
THE California District of the Man
chester Unity of Odd Fellows, the
English order, which In not In affilia
tion with the Independent Order, was
formed in | the Alcazar building: on the
last Saturday in June by the election of
the following named provisional officers
by the representatives from the several
lodges in the Htato:
Pan grand masttr. Thomaa W. Goddard •
Dr. II. Herrlnelon. (trand master; Frank Ma
rlnl, deputy grand master; Kdward D. Far
rell. i-orrespondlns; secretary; W. T. Worthlne
ton. treasurer; O. .Tenneri and Jam** Currl*.
auditor*, and Fred Clark,, N. II. Daniels and
II. T. Wllnltz. trustees.
Manchester Unity.
Knights of Honor.
THE Supreme Lodge of the Knights
of Honor at Its recent session elected
the following named as the supremo
officers for the current term: .
•J. C. ShTpard of ndg»fleld, nx-C,ovemor of
South Carolina, dictator: C. II. Johnson of
Providence, vice dictator; L.. F. Bentley of
I>onal<5sonvlll», ' J,a'., asnistant dictator; J^.- M.
Oivan of St. Louis, reporter; K- B. SMser of
Ht. l.ouK treasurer; Rev. H. M. Hope of
Petersburg, Va.. -ch» plain: J. H. Hancock of
I»utsvllle. guide; C. Herlng of Evansville,
Ind., sentinel: E. C. Wood, George E. Tooker
and O. S. Brlggs, trustees.
The May report shows 146 deaths dur
ins; the month, of which four .occurred in
California. The surplus of the previous
months paid plxty-two claims and the
May assessment will pay the balance and
leave a surplus of $100,000.
Th« grand officers will pay an official
visit to Yosemltc Lodge July 8.
-Eastern Star.
SAN FRA'NCISCO CHAPTER, Order
of the Eastern Star. . at its meeting
June 29 was officially visited by
Grand Patron Lyman C. Byce. There
were present Grand Associate Patron Dr.
A. II. Mlllberry, Grand Secretary Mrs.
WillatE, several of the past grands, the
matrons and patrons of nearly ' every
chapter in the city and many members.
Five strangers were initiated In a most
credltabld manner. The ceremonies of the
evening were followed by the dispensa
tion of the chapter's hospitality.
The worthy matron and Queen Esther
of California Chapter left for the East on
Juno, 27 In company of Chief of Police
George W. Wlttman. The Chief will
while In the East visit. Saratoga, N. Y..
as a representative from Islam Temple of
this city in the Imperial Council of tho
Shrlnerp. During the absence of the ma
tron of the chapter Mrs. Alexander Wood
side will preside.
»
*li??kmond Point seems to be a very ac
tive place for this order. At the meeilng
f-n-the last Friday in June nine strangers
GOLDEN* GATE Council. Order of
Pendo. at its last meeting adopted
a eerie; of resolutions, present**! by
VT. T. Jones. G. W. H. Probert and G. W.
Lea Is, condoling with Supreme Secretary
Ernest Duden and his wife, who were in
jured by the accident on the North Shore
'r#ad. During the evening the council re
ceived several petitions and after the
meeting had a social hour.
Order cf Pendo.
were initiated, making about forty in
three weeks.
A new council was instituted In Ala
meda last Wednesday by the supreme of
ficers.
The Supreme Council will hold its ses
sion in this city-July 14 Golden State
Council of Oakland will tender a recep
tion to the supreme officers and delegates
on July 12 and on that day will take them
on an excursion around the bay.
Supreme Secretary Duden has so far re
covered from the effects of the injuries
he received by the accident on the North
Shore Railroad as to be able to visit his
office. His wife, who was more severely
Injured than he, Is still confined to her
home.
The San Francisco Cabinet will pay an
official visit on July 24 to Union Council
in the Red Men's building.
Senators Cuthbert and Arter left for the
East last Tuesday to attend the session of
the Senate. They were accompanied by
Senate Doorkeeper J. E. Field of this city.
Golden Gate Council, at its last held
meeting in June initiated three, strangers
for its own account and one for Mission
Council.
AT the June meeting of the gan Fran
cisco Cabinet. National Union, the
report of the special committee on
the advisability of establishing a ladles"
auxiliary to the local councils of the or
der being unanimously in favor of the
project, which was suggested by Joseph
A. Wilson of El Capltan Council, was
adopted. The came committee was con
tinued to prepare a plan of organization,
constitution and by-laws and to arrange
a ritual for the new adjunct. It will be
In the nature of a club of ladles and mem
bers of the councils, for the purpose of
advancing the social feature of the or
der In this city. As it is to be under the
supervision of the cabinet it will be con
sidered as a part of the good of the ordor
branch. Senator Norman A. Arter, who
was on the committee from Golden Gate
Council, was forced to resign, as he had
to leave for the East to attend a session
of the Senate of the order, and W. K.
Wheelock. ex-presldent of the same coun
cil, was appointed In his stead.
National Union.
Jatter having been arranged by the ladles
of the circle.
On the. evening of Thursday. June "5.
Court; Farragut of Vallejo initiated fif
teen strangers In the presence of almost
th«» entire membership, and many visitors
from San Francisco, Napa and. Port
Costa, 'i ne work was well done and af
tcr the declaration of initiation the party
retired to the imKs*. bancuet hall, where
an excellent, supper was served.
Court Vendome j at San Jose initiated a
class of strangers secured by ' Deputy
Grand Chief at Large J. W. Emerlck.
Mrs. J. Label has been'granted, author
ity to organize a new circle in this city.
On. the last Tuesday in June Hamlet
Circle of Alameda tendered a surprise
reception to Miss Agnes D. Bremcr, grand
financial secretary, in honor of her re
election at the last Grand Circle session.
The re'.lef committee of San Francisco
of the Foresters of America will hold a
picnic, at. Sunset Park on J.uly 12. The
proceeds wil! be • for the benefit of the
friendship fund of the organization. Dan
iel Tearc is the chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements.
? ¦—
Order of St. George.
BRITANNIA LODGE. Order of
Daughters of St. George, had a
large attendance- at its ' June at
home, many of the members of the lodges
of the Sons of St. George being present.
There was an Interesting of
music, songs and literary numbers, as
woll as a pleasing addresB by Dr. Digty
J')1tnsione. Then followed dancinij and
the serving of refreshments. A beautiful
vase was disposed of for the benefit of
a member and the same was secured by
Mrs. E.'Baxter.
Mission Lodge continues to move ahead.
It will soon move into new quarters at
Valencia and Sixteenth streets. From the
manner In which this lodge has been
working it Is believed that it will soon be
one of the shining lights of the order.
General Organizer H. C. Lewis on last
Thursday instituted the fifth lodge in this
city with a good charter list in the pres
ence of a number of the members of the
other lodges.
Fraternity is the watchword of Colum
bia Lodge. The lodge has unusually in
teresting meetings.
Progress Lodge, only three months old,
Is making wonderful strides In. the mat
ter of membership. It has already reach
ed the 100 mark and has candidates for
Initiation, at every meeting. The members
say thar they will . not rest until there
are 200 names on the roll-
SAX FRANCISCO LODGE of the
Fraternal Brotherhood is havins
lively times with its contest for new
members and the contesting factions in
their endeavor to win the prize are add
ing materially to the membership of the
lodge. The installation of the officers for
the current term took place on July 3.
The members of the lodge feel proud of
the new president, Rev. McK. Boyd, who
is said to be a flrst-class parliamentarian
and a good entertainer. This lodge will
give its next entertainment at an open
meeting on July 10.
AS TOLD
IN LODGE
ANTE-ROOMS
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5. 1903.
28
,__;__ ADVERTISEMENTS.
"¦ ¦ ¦ "--i thiq WFFK
A tn I IIIU Vl LLIliii
%M A SPECIAL SALE
; \mJp$W\ '* 0UR NEW BASEMENT
&£§tt'fflffh DEPARTMENT OF ONE
TSSfcff^jgi THOUSAND PAIRS Of-..
MfflBk -STURDY SHOES....
FOR BOYS
y^^^^^^ AT THE FOLLOWING PRICES:
l^"^^"^"" — "^ * II to 2 $1.25 |2^ e to5M $1.50
These shoes are no more like the common run of
shoes sold at the same prices than day is like night.
No other store on this coast has a business* big
enough to make both ends meet on th? little profit
that these shoes are sold for. It's a continual offer-
ing of bargains like this that has won so many thou-
sands of friends and customers for our new Base-
ment Department.
•Mr- 1 ROSENTHJvrs I -st
and Promptly g\ Th9 Best SKof atore © for the
filled. , a7 , C9 ,., m KEARNY ST ., s«i Frsnciico Asking.
•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦«¦
MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR [
¦^ The Spenders \
BY HARRY LEON WILSON. 8
This clever and extremely down-to-date story — a daring study 5
in contrast— the West against the East ¦
...begins in the... ' g
| NEXT SUNDAY CAP"] j
The Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers •
ABSOLUTELY FRER ]
Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored Art Masterpieces •
BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN ]
Which Have Hade the Artist World Famous. This Is Because Bry- ¦
son Personally Superintends the Reproduction of All %
His Pictures by the Costliest and Most Remark- *
able Color Process Ever Invented. This Is 5
• Also the Season That Most of His ¦
Pictures Are Known by Their ; 2
Cardinal Colors. ¦ •
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 1
• You Will Get the Whole Series of Six in Rapid Succession. The ¦
First Will Ee •
LQVrS CONFIDENCE^ ||
tB«H«B«l*H«sl«l«l«B«a«B«sl«B«B«a«B«B«a«sl«a«B«B
Paso Robles
Hot Springs
(Entire.y Refitted).
Rest
> At Paso Robles Hot Springs.
Recreation
At Paso Robles Hot Springs.
Recuperation
At Paso Robles Hot Springs-
For terms and info:matlon write to
W. A. JUNKER,
Lessee and Manager, Paso Robles, Cal.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621
Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. Lake Cbunty. get
the crowd? Eecaus» It cures. It Is the- b«st
water, has the best climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full
particulars at Travelers" Information Bureau.
630 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curatlva properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive our* for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to (14 r*r week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. 8. P. of-
fice. $8. For particulars call at PecVs Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., or address JOaHUA
SPIERS, Prop. ; mall via Mlddletown.
Hotel Rowardennan.
BEX LOMOND. SANTA CRUZ COUNTT.
ALWAYS OPEN. •
Regular season opens June 1, under entirely
new and progressive management. For Infor-
mation and fre* booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery street; the Railway Handbook.
630 Market street. San Francisco, or to
• H. F. ANDERSON. Proprietor.
A. C. ROSCOE. Manager.
La Moine
Flrst-Ha«s betel on SHASTA ROUTE: rc-
centlj enuircd. furnishtng mc*l«;rn aci-c::inro-
datlor.*. Including electric lights. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento Iliv-
1 er. Finest scenery in the world. Two trains
dally to and frt>m San Francisco. fJo to sleep
In Oakland and wake up at L* »lo!n*. and
vice versa. Terms reasonable A'J<lre«s all
communications to CLIFFORD VOGOINS,
Mgr.. La Molne. Cal.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say < "Tahoe
Tavern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel In the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit as
.and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.80 per day upward. For partfculars
or reservation of rooms address Tabo* Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal. •_ r
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
• INSPIRATION. POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT 1
For particulars address A. S. MANN. «13
MARKET ST.. 8 AN FRANCISCO.
i HOTEL DEL CAZADEBO
. EX.IM GBOVE HOTEL.
Under a new and progressive management.
Everything; renovated Instde and out. Good
hunting, fishing, bathing, boattng. dancing.
New stables and first-class meals. No stag-
ing. Depot on the ground.
Take Sausallto Ferry. Round-trip tickets,
good for six months. }3 75. Rates. 12 per d*7.
$10, $12 and $14 per week. J. J. THIRION.
Proprietor. Cazadero. Sonoma County.
JOHANIM1SBERC
Hotel: modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air; hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates 110 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery at.
RUBICON. PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shor* of Lak* Ta-
hoe. Everything new. . Best beach for bathing;
bring suits. Fishing, bunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle hones at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce. tel. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. OJ. ¦
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only placa
in the world of this class. - Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first
class. J. A. REDKMEYER & CO.. Praps.
MONTRIO HOTEL
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management: all refltted. Quietude, com*
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating: fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Montrio. CaL
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games. Uvery: $9 to $14 per
week. Booklet* at Peck's. 11 Montgomery St..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3555 feet: op«a all
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers;
plentiful table: fine fishing and drives. Par.
tlcuiars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery. & F.
Campbell Hot Springs.
18 hours' rail to Boca: stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage. 114 60. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
9 Two miles from Hopland. Mendoclno County.
Unsurpassed mineral waters: fin* hotel and
first-class table. Rates $10 to $12. Furnished
housekeeping cottages. J. S. HOWELL. Pro-
prietor.
rXXEEXAV HOTX&, '
Auburn. Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electrlo Ughta.
Prices moderate. Address
• FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
NORTH ( On Tomales Bay. near depot. : a
o u *\n w= ) nJce boteU Go0 * «* b !e- Pl*e«
onUKt 1 for Tomales Bay Clams. - Fresh
HHTFI ( xnllk * * l M ** tf *y. *9 P«r week.
¦ iiUlCM Mr> . shields. Marshall. Marln <£
DEER PARK INN- ? n t c *^**" : 6 * nU -' trot^
l/CfcH I«a 1«N Lak* Taboe: otea Jun*
1: elev. 6507 ft.; mineral spgs. ; Traveler 630
Mkt st.; »oklev J.;B. fioatt. D««r ParivCaj.
BAHTLETT
Known everywhere as the largest and
most choice mountain resort in the Pa-
cific States; located In the scenic moun-
tain region of LaJce County; elevation,
2375 feet. .
All kinds of amusemento to occupy your
mind and the wonderful Bartlett Water
to ¦ repair your body; cool nights. The
climate is the best in the world for health
and there are no mosquitoes or fleas.
Mineral, tub, steam and massage baths;
large swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams lor >the
sportsman. ¦ . .
Two routes: Via Southern Pacific or the
California and Northwestern.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS, LAKE CO., CAU. or apply
to Water Office, 2 Sutter street, San Fran-
cisco.
Pamphlet mailed free.
NAPA Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal,
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7:30 a.m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMAN'N A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
Santa Catalma Island
S',4 Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1003.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATHING.
FISHING. GOLr. ETC.
, The Famous Canvas City *is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
' Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
- LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
i SAN FRANCISCO.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 6AI£ A J L OSB-
Hydrotherapy. electricity. X-ray, massage, etc.
Modern. Ideally located. : Send for literature.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A^^r^^^ intone
jif szt& Treat
>%fjj!\. -Treaty..
P» \9i V-^ There Is no phy-.
0. C. JOSLEN, X. D. s i c 1 a n anywhere
Th* tMainr Snwlall.l who ""P>Oys ¦ ¦ the
me spaaing specialist Mnje general meth-
l^""™"^"^^™^^™"™"odof treating men's
diseases that I employ. This fact Is
in itself no recommendation of my
services. With proof of superiority
added It becomes the highest possible
recommendation. Results obtained..
prove all- methods. Results prov«
'mine superior beyond all doubt or
question. I cure ailments that others
never have cured and never can cure
by their present forms-of .treatment.
/ Not ¦ only do none treat as I treat,
but none cure as I cure.! . •-
I TREATS ONLY
And I Am Always Willing to
• Walt for My Fee Until
i V Cure Is Affected.
"Weakness"
• "Weakness" . is: merely a: symptom .
. of, local disorder, usually an inflamed"
condition of the prostate gland. This
" I! overcome by a thoroughly scientific
• system of local treatment, and the
full .and normal degree of. strength
. and vigor is permanently* restored.
Varicocele
I cure Varicocele .by mild, painless
and harmless -treatment. ;'No. cutting
at all, and it Is seldom necessary that .
'¦ the > patient ¦ Is'.detained a single day
, from his business..-A permanent cure
• In one week..; No failures. ¦--,*
~- -Write •-. for ' my." free copyrighted -
pamphlet.;. "Live All'-Your Years a
¦ Man." Consultation free at' office or
by mall."- - '-
DR^O. C. JOSLEN
Corner Market and Kearny Sts.
¦ '. Private i Entrance f 702 1 Market - Street.
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS ot proven efficacy, for
liver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
«nced In advising their use (free). BATHS of
sil kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLBA&URB
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of Interest, many of which
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS. CROQUET. PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCINO six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
'drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-finished rooms; flrst-clasg table; electno
lights.
Rates. $10 to $16 a week. '
For booklet and other Information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureao. 11 Montgomery st.
"Travelers' Bureau." 630 Market st.. or address
CRAIG & KCRR.
Highland Springs. Lake Co..tCal.
I YOSEMITE^
| ROARING I *
I WATERFALLS)
In July will equal those of an ordinary June.
Good authorities say there are spots where lie
&<> feet of snow still untnelted. Every tent was
crowded in June. There will be more room In
July and. besides, the water is down enough
for trout to bite. You can eat trout often.
CAMP CURRY
IS THEPLACE
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market street (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE).
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only icolf links in California with full
18-hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course la provided exclusively for
the guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINO,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The y«»ar round. Rates, ?.» 50 per day and up.
Special rat»s by the month, on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr. _. '
/ETNA SPRINGS
Hotel and : cottage life with first-class ser-
vice. Amusements of all kinds. World-famous,
bealth-restoring waters. Private conveyances
10 mKt every train. Buy tickets to Aetna
Springs and return. Round-trtD tickets from
San Francisco $7.
AETNA SPRINGS OOMPAHT,
Aetna Spring;*, ZTapa Co., Cal.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAU
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
• AUTOMOBILES.
gLUE Takes
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dye-
pepsla and all etomach ailments. Plenty -f
boating, bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. T*-nnl» court, regulation size. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlake
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. Long ' distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 9
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for pamphlets. . '<
R. ROBERTSON.
-HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern 80-room hotel"; Roes Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11. 2
trains Kent eta. MR. A MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marln Co.
1 — ; — ; ; —
La Honda and Pescadcro
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City.
9 a. m. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and 0:20 a m. train from San Jose;, connect
with stage direct. Address WALTER
KNIGHT. Redwood City. "
CRAG VIEW.
Beautiful resort In Shasta Region. Excel-
lent board. $12; tenting, $4 per week.
H. O. WICKES. Prop.
Castella. Shasta Co.. Cat. *
HOTELBBN LOMOND,
8 A2TTA CRUX ZZOWT AX2T3.
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St.. or S. P. Co.. *U3 Market st.
B. DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. Cal.
SUMMIT HOTEL ~
And cottaares. Santa Crua Mts.. 14 mile from
Wrights: new management; fruit, milk, cream;
$8. $10. $12 week. Information 11 Montgomery
;st...S. F.. or Summit Hotel. Wrights. . Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. 61SKITOU CO.. CAL.
. Finest nshlne. hunting and health resort on
the coast. b«n>i for buoklet. ' , ..- '
- ¦¦ ¦ EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
OCEAN VILLA. *
•i ¦„,--' '.-;¦' ¦-¦¦' SANTA CRUZ.- -v" ¦
"* Large grounds. ¦ Boating and bathing free.
Dancing, billiards. Free bus. R. M. CLARK.
KOWELLMT. WOODWORTH'S.
' High altitude. No fog. Purest spring water.
Climate natural ¦ tonic and inv.gorator. Resi-
dence 28 years. $7 per week. Address WOOD-
WORTH & MULLER. St., Helena. Cal. ; . , .
'bonnienook
Alt. 4000jTt.;half ml.- sta.; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. ' H. D. WIARD.
Towle. , Placer County. Cal.
FAfil P CT1RI FS' XJkIah - Tourists. : camp-
EAULC JlADLEo ers. hunters. .Write to U.
A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
V JEOTEIt lt& H0in> A— Situated in - th»
Redwoods. Good trout fUhlng.' • Telephone.
Booklet. MRS. I. J. BEARS. La Htnda, San
Mateo County. Cat , , - - %
','¦ SXiXTE • HOTZI*. Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and now \ open for * summer guests. Rates rea-
sonable. .-*;;-
YOUR CITY ADDRESS
IS IN THE DIRECTORY
BUT THE ADDRESS OF YOU3 ,
BCMMEE RETREAT 13 IN '
"Vacation 1903"
ISSUED BT THE
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
And which contains ever a huadrM 1
P«fes. riving full particulars la regard f
to mineral spring resorts, seloet camp- ,
Ins spots, and country homes and
firms - where summer boarders ar* J
taken, tor-ther with the terms, walc-
range from $7.00 p«r weelc 07.
To be had In response to a mall request, er
at Ticket Offices. 650 Market street (Chran!cl«>
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot o£ Market
street; General Office. Mutual L4f* Eu tiding.
corner Sansome aad California streets, Saa
Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. XI. X ItTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Open all year round. Ta« nearest natural
Hot Sulphur Springs to San Francisco.
Temperature US degrees. No staging. Fare
$1 10. Sura cure for rheumatism, asthma and
all kindred ailments. W« have fi*« different
hot sulphur springs and tub and plunge baths,
and the largest mineral water swimming ttnlc
In the State. Competent lady and gentlemaa
masseurs In attendance; also swimming In-
structor. Table and rooms first class. Inquire
Peck's, 11 Montgomery St., or address The<».
Richards. Agua Callente. Sonoma County. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne»
vtlle. with a mil* and a half frontage on the
Russian River. Tents In a beautiful grov* of
redwood, oak. madron?, laurel and other tree*.
A lovtly vaUey of 130 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco. $2 50.
Take boat at Tlburon ferry. Address MRS.
I* C CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near GuertU-
vtlle. Sonoma County. Cat.
SAN LUIS HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
THE IDEAL. SPOT OF THE PACIFIC
COAST. Surrounded by wood-covered hills,
live oak and sycamore groves. Flsntng. boat-
Ing, ocean beach one. mile. Hot sulphur bat hi
free to guests. Miraculous cures of rbeuma>
tlsm. liver, kidney and womb troubles. The
greatest vesort on th» coast for health and
recreation. Rates $9 to fl« per week. Rcun-i
trip by rail or steamer at reduced rates. Ad-
dress San Luis Obispo. CaL
lomnoii TOCALOYIA «g»
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families & parties: fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele.
phor.e, JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin office)
every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m., or No. bhore R. R..
820 Market »U
OWN A BOME 1 ?ifa u - CAMP HEEIER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, bath,
ing. tenting ground; xawmlll. depot, store. P.
O. Sausallto ferry. M. C. MEEKER, Cams
Meeker. Sonoma County.
MOUJrr-air view jlas cac sotzu.
And cottages In heart of mountains, near
Santa Crua. Our table Is our recommendation;
lst-class accom.; new impvts. : gas through-
out; terms. $9 up; phone, swimming tank.
amusements, croquet, bowling alley, ditiy
mall: campers* tickets to Glen wood. Inc. stage.
$3 75 round trio.
FRANK R. DANN. Santa Cms.
' simtXT ' house*
Bollnas Ridge. Maria County. 1500 feet abovs
sea level, refurnished and under new manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and clubs
catered (or; 3 miles from Ross Valley: II SO re.
turn bv stags from San Rafael. Terms, Q.
C RAN FIELD.
WAITS aiiJUlfMVM SPEI5QS — Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stage fare. Only 2*4 hours* ride;
five miles from Vallejo. Hot, cold and plung*
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism.
neuralgia, eczema, kidney. Uver and stomac.i
disease*. . Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowling
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. SIO • week »n.|
up. Addre— MANUEL. MADRID. Vallejo. C-I.
WITTIT* MEDICAL ST-UVOS. Lak*
Co.. Cat. — Good climate, unsurpassed table and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open for
guests the entire year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uklaa.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. main of-
fice and water <J»pot. 919 Market »t-.- S. F.. or
R. McOarmiclc Wlttar Springs. LaA» Co.. Cai.
TBX7C-CZS JUTEJt COTTZnTYT CXiTXB
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's LoOgr. Third
Season opens June, 1. Fishing Unexcelled; rain,
bow trout; hatchery enlarged. 31err% attrac-
tions. New management. MR. and MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. « Nevada block.
B.- F.. or Verdi. Nev.
TXX OSTBXJU — A first-class family
resort. Leon Cobtents. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Delmonlco. has entire supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Swimming-
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing: $10. $13
and $14 per week. $2 B0 per day. Information
Cal N. W. Ry.. 650 Market St.: also FABIU3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
**XATT3tSZ> Ti-rr.T." — The only lake re-
sort in the State that has Its own mineral
springs aad a chemically pure spring. Boating,
swimming, marine toboggan, new Uvery tally-
ho coach, croquet, bowling, new walks and
drives. Pamphlets at Peck"s. 11 Montgomery
st. E. DURNAN. proprietor. Laurel Dell. Lais
County. -
?£SCAS£SO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel o( San Matco Co. I Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebble
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing; Phon».
Rates. IS and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor. ' ¦
BEATJTXPUXi CAMP MIEXIS— \
grand family resort In the redwood mountalca
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect;
over 100 cottases already built: lota for sale:
boating, bath in « and cthar tmuMmrati: axesi-
lant table: rates 16 per week; take Sausallto
ferry. Address H. M. GREGSON. Sole Prop.
LOTT7S TAKM SITSrMXa EESOST— -SVi
miles from Napa. m the redwoods. Natural
lake, boat riding, fishing, fine drives, hunting.
Terms. $3 and up per weelc: children under IX
$3 per week. Carriage to or from Napa, 75c
J. TEPLT. Prop.. N»pa. Cal.: P. O. bo^ ICO.
Q*A2»X> CEWTTtA I. UOTZZ,, Guercs-
vllle. CsX — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and - improved. Headquarters • for hunters
and fishers. Add F. PLATH. GuernevUle. Cai.
PIKE OXOVE HOTXL — Sierra R9-
¦ort: alt. SSCO ft.: lst'dass accom.; malaria*
asthma cured: phone; temperance house* $10
wk. E.H.Moody. pro.. Gold Run. Placer CoT.Cal.
AXOSO TZI PnfXS — Alt. 3034 ft.
"Wood's. ranch; $8-$8 week: positive no con-
sumptives; write for pamphlet. Robt. F.
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cai.
»EJt023-On3-— In tho Santa Cniz red-
woods: $7 and $3 weekly. For circulars writ*
Mr-. E. Wllken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Crui?
LLOW^RANCH— A charming spot In ta«
Santa Crua redwoods: mllk7 fruit! soriB»
water, dally mall: «ceU«nt t^eTie SO^Sf
Piano Quality
Are you a piano judge ?
f^ ";,. -^ If not, bring a friend
.^/^^sH-IZ.^^^^^ who is — or leave it with
_P^S5w_IF » *<Ir\-~ ' \ \ - % % ¦ J-v A -Is.
t| i "^ price can compare with it.
t 1 The terms upon which -we offer this arc of
particular interest to you, because they arc liberal
wm and just.
It's our business to please you. Come and
talk it over. ' (
The Wiley B. Allen Go.
One Price Piano House.
931-933 Market Street
U SAN FRANCISCO.
j© ~~ Branch Corner Ninth and Broadway, Oakland.¦The Salvation Army Journal, the War
Cry, appears weekly In thirty different *
languages. ¦ - v : •
A London -workingman was arrested
the other day and- fined 10 shillings for
using the word "damn." which Is derived
from the Latin word "damnare." meaning
to condemn. -There Isn't a more respec
table and legitimate word ln the English
language than "damn."— Memphis Com
mercial Appeal.
"Damn."
Death has at last claimed the victim ot
a singular disease. Nine years ago- Dav *.
Yetter of Oakwood was assailed with
rheumatism of. a form that attacked ths
joints. ' " Progressive ossification marked
the case, the entire body beingr, stiffened
with the disease. The victim was at
length unable to masticate food and relied
on liquid nourishment. Then the Jaws
stiffened so that he could no longer open
his mouth. A front tooth was extracted
and through the' opening thus provided
was given the nourishment that added
longer lease of life that, even under such
conditions, was preferable to death.' When
this came at last Yetter'3 body had ths
hardness of stone.— Detroit Tribune. .•
A Singular Malady.
H During his long career as a lawyer Sec
retary" Shaw 'gathered-.'a . large collection
of Incidents, grave .and .gay! .One of, his
stories is of a young lawyer who .was'op
posed to a veteran of the. bar in an Iowa
court. ,Thi» youngman addressed the jury
first, and *.'fh doing so took occasion ¦ to
jmllate'~well-known mannerisms of the
other, such- as adjusting his cuffs, strokr
Ing. an Imaginary - Imperial, etc; .This
caused considerable ;, laughter rln r tcourt.
When, the veteran rose to reply he.dld
not neglect to'go through" hls : preliminary
motions with even-more deliberation and
precision than usualy; He;.bowedvtO' the
judge and. to -th« yjury and .then -began:
t "Your. honor, and gentlemen •ot i the. jury,,
that young man.; a'cts., like a'good, lawyer,'
but'he talks like a blamed foul."— Indian- 1
apolis News. • '.* -t : '-'^;' ''¦
Secretary Shaw's Anecdotes.
The British Postofflce Department han
dled last year ninety-two pieces of mall
matter per capita of population, while the
ITnlted States Postofflce Department*han
dled 197 pieces per capita;- . ¦¦ .*¦ ¦¦-' ".-
An engine driver working from Crewe
to London and back has to notice no
fewer than 570 slcnals. . .• .
In vlewvof ths probable publication in
the near future of the results obtained
¦from the observations Of Kros. Ilerr B.
Weinberg'of thy University. of; Odessa, has
collected about 130 of the 5 more. .'.trust
worthy values of thfi solar parallax, as
obtained by different observers, using va
rious methoda, since 182.1, and has dis
cussed them Jn a paper communicated to
the. Astronomlsche Nachrjchteh. From
ths. discussion, he- has obtained 8.8004 sec
onds, with a- probable; errqr of .00243. as his
final value for: this constant. ' ¦ ?
New Value for 'Solar Parallax.
The winter had been unusually severe
and the lake from which the'ice company
gathered Us crop was frozen to a much
gre3ter depth than usual.
"I suppose, colonel," remarked a citizen
to the president of the company one cold
morning, "that you won't charge us so
much for our Ice next summer as you did
last. You're getting a tremendous crop."
"We may have to charge more.*.' stiffly
replied the president.' "Think of th* trou
ble "and expense Involved In cutting. Ice
three feet thick!" — Youth's Companion.
Ice Prices.
I>ONDO-V. : July 4.~The 'officials of the
United. States embassy' hero know nolh- 1
Ins of the' tiltimatum. which, according
to ad vices, from Japan- to the Sx r et of St.
Petersburg, was" presented "_ recently , by
the British -.and. Japanese " Ministers ttt
Peking to ¦;th<3:Cnlnese, Government on
the- subject -of Manchuria. -
WASHINGTON. July 4.— Nothing has
yet been Heard In official quarters of
the ultimatum delivered to ; ChIna' ¦ by
Japan and England, according to the
Odessa dispatches printed to-day. It
Is certain that the United States has
not recently been approached In this
direction by either of the* Governments
named as parties to -the agreement, "ho
that it lias had no opportunity to indl :
cate whether or not.K would lend its
moral support to-\in effort on the part
of England, and' Japan to protect thetr.
interests In.. Manchuria.
Washington . Knows Nothing; of the
Anglo-Japanese Ultimatum.
AMERICA NOT CONSULTED.
The Vestnik Europy, however, regards !
the "insolent tone of the foreign press to- j
ward' Russia" as due. to something beyond '
the errors of diplomacy or weakness of i
foreign policy. It continues: ••
We have to do here ivith one of many symp
toms ot a dcej», fundamental antaariiift-m, for
which International questions serva only as a
convenient pretext. Korelsm. newspapers, even
thote which enjoy the Rreatert authority, more
end more frequently draw uoseemlv purallels
between RuebI* and Turkey, making u-e of
which it in not cuttomory to tr*al In: our
press/ Diplomatic - hypocrisy, treachery and
cunntn; In forelrn politics, ell that we are re
proached with in our dealings with China, are
to a far creater degree characteristic or the
Kngllch'Bnd, ln part, of /other satijina . alto.
\Ve need here mention only the conduct o*-the
Americans in Cuba and after the 8|.anish war, '
but particularly their ' ex-ttona In- the Philip
pines. .How quickly 4.b« civllltlnir mii-tkitj of
Ihe emancipators degenerated them Into »nn
open policy of robbery and conquest;
— ?¦ - . :,
Where "three independent. authorities are en
gaged one carl fscarctfly: expect unlfoimity and
rcr.tibtenry In the official rfeclaraCuriiS . . and
actions;- and thus are explained ma::jr p*culi
arities In the course of our CMnsre nffalrs.
Contradictions bttween the oonduet m'.the va
rious authorities are' taken by forvteners as a
proof of tfie disloyalty of our Government and
as a eign of atal>itious plans which are direct
ly, jininedlafely or remotely against the inter
e«tt of -other jtovernmcntB,.,
neunced In Us declarations. The Ministry of
finance keeps thr great material Interest con
nected with the Eefct Chinese Railroad mainly
in view and Is compelled, theretor?. to insist
on rreat c&utlon and the gradual evacuation
ol Manchuria. . . ¦ • .. • ¦¦ - . •
At a. recent meeting of the Academy of
Sciences of Vienna Professor Molisch of
Prague communicated a paper upon phos
phorescent bacteria. He has been able to
photograph the x colonies of. a phosphores
cent micrococcus by means of Its own
light: By inoculating large glass flasks of
half-litre capacity containing- a suitable
culture medium with the organisms, ..a
"bacterial lamp" is obtained with which
it is quite possible for an observer at a
distance of one or two meters to 'read 'a
thermometer or to see the time of a
watch. On a dark night the "bacterial
lamp" Is visible at a distance of more
than sixty paces.— New >"ork Sun. • *"
New Safety Lamp.
The arbitration committee of the Mas
ter Car Builders* . Association, sitting In
a case at Its April meeting which In
volved much conflicting testimony^ ren
dered a decision based on grounds entire
ly outside of the evidence' presented by
cither side. From the evidence presented
by the Galveston, Harrisburg and San
Antonio It would seem that on June 27,
1902, a train on Its line hear Bernard,
Tex., was blown from the track by a cy
clone and twentjvtwo cars damaged.
Among these were the- three Erie box
carp, one- of which was^totally destroyed.
Affidavits of members of "the wrecking
crew stated that some of_the cars were
found Jn a cornfield 200 yards from -the
track, and that the track was Intact and
In good shape after the accident. On
.'July 8 'the Galveston, Harrisburg and
' San Antonio j asked authority to repair
the two damaged cars at the Erie's ex
pense." which was refused.: The bill of the
Erie for the value of the destroyed car
was returned unpaid by "the Galveston.
Harrisburg and ..San Antonio, as It
' claimed that the car was destroyed
through no fault whatever, on its part,
v but the two damaged cars were subse
quently repaired and no . bfll " rendered.
The Erie claimed that the Weather Bu
reau report for June 27 showed nothing
In tf?e weather conditions • that would
cause such damage and that the accident
must have been from some other cause.
The bill for the^ destroyed car was pre
sented, to the arbitration committee with
! the evidence on both sides,, and Its dccla
i Ion was that the' bill of tho Erie should
b^- paid. -It was made on. the grounds
that' the preface to the : rules of Inter
change j provides that . railroad companies
handling cars aro responsible for damage
d6ne,.to any- car,. by unfair usage,-derail
ment, or. -accident, and. that damage
caused by,' a washout, fire or tornado Is
covered by- this provision. '. :- .-. <" /
Decision . by. . Arbitration - Committee
Settles Much Disputed
• Point.
RESPONSIBILITY FOR
DAMAGE BY CYCLONE
Professor Thomas of Columbia Univer
sity has discussed in the June number of
the Popular Science Monthly nearly 20,
000 records, of college graduates with re
spect to their age at graduation. The
general belief Is that the American boy
takes his A. B. degree. a good deal older
than his father took his and a great deal
older than " did . his,, grandfather. The
data lead to the conclusion that the in
crease in" age has been much exaggerated.
It exists only for certain institutions,
while others jshow a decrease. The nor
mal age at graduation Is about 22'£ yearsi
If entrance into professional life Is later
than formerly the reasons must be sought
elsewhere, than .In the. college.- ...It Is, how
ever, no longer possible, as It once was,
for a lad to-take his degree "at lti years
of age. But the young man now leaves
college with very much higher attain
ments than his father or grandfather pos
sessed. . ¦ * _ ; f..' :...'- ',,
Age at College Graduation.
Seven men are dead at the moment I"
write. Others may die, for . there are
many woun-led. Perhaps It waa wise, to
stop the race. 'Tls not my business to
criticize either the French Government or
the King of Spain. The breaking of eggs,
however, goes to' the making of every
omelet- , Every r*an who went cut Jn a
big auto knew that there was a risk in
driving such a' mighty engine' at so terri
ble a speed over, difficult roads and
through tangled villages. . He took it
knowingly, sacrificing his personal secur
ity to the advancement of the cause of
automobiling. They all . wished to prove
the • !=Dce0 and endurance -'of their ma
chines. That they did. The public clamor,
should not rise too high. There have
been. I believe, railway accidents— two or
three. The dead will get tlidr monu
rqents; the soldier gets jio moro.
I am not speaking callously, for I. too,
looked .dealh .In. the eyes;, but the Paris-
Madrid course seems to have < -stirred up
all the hysteria .in Europe. 'WV11, j there
are always a few victims under the
wheels. Progress rolls on. The greatest
sport of the day— and what is to bring
about an economic revolution In the fu
ture—cannot be stopped for victims of
hysteria.— The Illustrated 8portlng Nev.s.
The Race From Paris to Madrid.
"Course a la morte" the French . papers
call it in large, excited capital letters.
Nor .are the newspapers of Madrid leas
fantasticallv excited.
WOODLAND. July 4.-\Vlil!arn/ Jeims*
residence, just outside the city limits, was
destroyed by fire to-day. An exploded
firecracker 6tarted the flames on the roof.
The entire building and rao.«t of the con
tents were destroyed. The loss" was par
tially covered by insurance. On the. run
to the flre 19-year-old Norman Machem
was knocked down by the horses and the
wheels. c? the truck ran over his body.
He will recover.
Fire and an Accident.
Cogs of -War,
\ Instructions have been issued, to the
| Jager or rifle troops of. the German army
I In* relation to the use of war-dogs. The
j principal work in which they are to be
i employed is scouting- and patrolling, : the
j traRsmlssion of intelligence from outposts
and the maintaining of communication
between sentries and the posts to which
they are attached! The breed most suit
able for the service Is the Airedale ter
rier, but, at the same time, and until fur
ther orders are received, the Huhnerhund.
a rough-haired -German dog. Is to be tried.
j It 1* recommended that. only pure bred
! animals of known origin and good quali
ties be employed. "Diligence, is t 0 be excr
j cised In training them to carry messages
[from outposts and return, and to be vigir
lant in attracting the attention of the sen
tries when strangers approach. Each
company is to have at least two well
trained dogs, and the number of animals
attached to a battalion will . not* exceed
twelve.— Army and Navy Journal." •
•ihf Hate. The Ministry of Fortisa Affairs is
¦|i*taraUy chiefly rnlndfnl. to 'avoid ail mltun
4enr«nii!ngs and ccnQk-ts with foreign powers
pnd ; =ls therefore always Inclined to make
'.traceable <5ecl»ratlor.s, even in cases wjurre
¦ tii<.ij fulfillmect does ret der»«nd on the diplu
_niatif,ts alone. The MinUtry of War it, for
¦its I>art. unnble to withdraw troop* from a re
*rdn that *till ne«3= military protection and ie
-XiJex"e*or€ often c j".h)** !!*»i lo iyive T^collrsc to
mea^fcurcb against which Jijpioinacy has pru-
tions- about the Manchurlan question can
: f*£ly be traced to causeg which are perfectly
ifjElicable to as. but which do not exist a«
.**€¦¦ as foreign Cabinets are concerned. In
JtTanchuria three separate authorities are at
«-nrti.*nd each 'iiit» it« own vlewn and is
.i-frekhig ln it* way to defend the Interests of
' .The vacillations, contradictions ano uncer
taintlte in our conduct and in our declara-
•road In foreign territory in. reliance upon all
.neirfcborly friendship was in Itself a risky un.
dcr.'jiking.
'-.trer.se tf our Interests in the future than
-there have. Vnder the compulsion of events
•rthich. *e did net foresee cr which we couia
:not prevent Kfe had to occupy Manchuria. Once
•wr Had entered a Chinese provin.es we could
.not leave it until order had been restored and
ihe .protection of our railroad had teen In*
•Hired-. • When thlg had been accompligh«!-d we
•vuld not make up our minds to place the re
? ulis cf our effort* In Jeopardy ajrrdn, and 83
"»» k^pt deferring the «vac-&at!cn of the prov
in<*s that we had occupied in order to obtain
from the Chinese Government some, guartn
'.tj?e for the future. In this lorical concatena
tion of circumstances one can scarcely find
.traces et a treacherous policy of conquest
Vtlch would pjxiperly occasion the tiUsatisfac-
Uon and the protests of the Interested powers.
pooler could we be convicted of heedlessnets
than' treachery, lor the-. pcQUlattion or a'rail-
Ij'.jtyed in their press a .hostility such as
fias - hitherto characterized England
ajojne." cays this long-establiehed and
.dignified review, which continue as fol
•lows: . . . • .
! 'Jar policy in Cliiha scarcely justified the re.
rruaCtu.-8 which the American press is heap
ing L-;>oa us. \\V suffered inromyaraWy more
i.rora- tiie Chine** troubles than any "of the
fitter j.owers and nevertheless we have taken
.f;ir lrs* thoucht of compensation icd of the
i-fce. the United 'States have, lately dis-
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4.-The Vest
*iik Euiiipy vitws with deep.-concern the
f^ct fhat tho forolgn press is again large
ly iiilmic-.il to Russia. "Even old friends
EERL1N. July *.— The correspondent of
the Cologne Gazette at St. Petersburg
telegraphs that according to reports from
Vladivostok the Russian War Minister.'
General Kuropatkln, acting "on instruc
tions froni the Czar, has altered his itin
erary and has left Vladivostok suddenly.
going to Nikoiavsk, a naval station of
Asiatic Russia, on the north bank of the
Amur, supposedly for the purpose of in
specting the fortifications, which would
be. especially important in the event of a
conflict with Japan and Great Britain.
'.The Russian Minister at Seoul ia reported
to have complained to the Korean Gov
ernment ct land purchases made by
Americans. Germans. British and Japan
ese and of their construction of houses
outside their respective concessions,
.which the Rursians are not permitted to
do. •
PEKING. July 4.— The presence of more
warships in the gulf of Pechili than ever
before, even during the Boxer troubles of
!900\ has not Increased war talk, notwith
standing'the conference held at Port Ar
thur yesterday by General Kuropatkin.
the Russian Minister of War. with M.
I.essar. ihe Russian Minister to China,
Uencral Kuropatkin arrived at Port Ar
thur on June 30 and immediately sum
moned M. Lessar. Admiral Alexleff. com
mander of the Russian forces at Port
Arthur, and M. PokotHoflf. manager of
!he Russo-Chlnese Bank, to meet him at
thf 1 latter place.
Of the warships now In the' gulf there
3rc fifty Russian vessels, including a new
fi^et under Admiral Sralkenberg. There
t-rc tbout twenty American war vessels,
nv.Ger Ktar Admiral Evans,. and the Knfe-
Lish jjkJ Japanese have fully 100 warships
i!ong the coast of China. . -
Ihc report that Japan had recalled all
rjf her military and naval officers. who are
r. board is discredited. There are also re
i-orts of traffic in foodstuffs, coal and
\ ¦;.: materials in Japan and also In New-
LiiVians end -Chungwantao, together with
an u.:;u*u«il movement of troops In Man
iliurla. The assurances of Russian of
ficials as to the peaceful Intention of the
laUfT movement have bejpn accepted for.
¦ he time bc-i^S.
PLAINT OF SUSSIAN PHESS.
.Views With Alarm Hostility Dis
played by America. .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Kerr had no relatives In California. Two
years ago he came from Leamington. On
tario. Canada, where his father is cashier
in a tank. In his room a letter was found
from his sister, signed "Lizzie Kerr. box
1S1. Leamington." He was employed as
a. linotype operator in thfc' Sacramento
Union oJflce. He. was a man of high char
acter, enthusiastic in sports, and was a
member of the -Y. M. C. A. basket-ball
team, Sacrarccnto Tennis Club and Sacra
mento cricket eleven. . .
Miss West was a school teacher In Ala
bama district, several tolles from Sacra
jnento.
Mies Howard, was a stenographer for
the Cordova, Wine Company of Sacra
mento. She was a niece of B. F. Howard.
County Superintendent of Schools. Her
father, C. B. Howard, Is a sheep owner,
whose home is at Clay Station in this
county. He is now with his flocks at Ru
bicon. Lake Howard. Mrs. Howard, the
girl's mother, is visiting at Fulton, So
noma County.
The sisters of Mies West clung to the
piles and were rescued from their perilous
position by fishermen who came to their
assistance from the shore.
Kerr was the man in the party. He
strove heroically to save the young wo
men, but lost his life in the river. Lulu
Howard and Hattie West also satiK for
the last time in the water and the three
bodies' have not been recovered. . .
SACRAMENTO. July 4.— John Kerr.
aged 25. Miss Lulu J. Howard, aged 20.
and Miss Hattle West. aged. 1?. were
drowned ln the Sacramento River at 7:30
o'clock to-nJght at a point several hun
dred yards above the Yolo bridge.
• Accompanied by two 8i6ters of Miss
West, the party had gone on a pleasure
excursion on the river In a boat which
they rented from the boathouss on the
Yolo shore. They were returning to the
city by moonlight when their boat struck
some piles opposite Stony Point, which
were placed In the river ln order to divert
the force of the current from the Yolo
shore. The tops of the piles we're only a
few inches under water and were evident
ly not 6een by the boating party, for they
ran upon them and a hole was stove in
the boat, through which the water
rushed.
Special Dlepatch to The Call
Craft Strikes Submerged; Piles Near
Yolo Bridge and Two Sisters of
One of the Victims Have
Narrow Escape.
Formidable Assemblage of Warship
Squadrons of All Nations
in the Gulf of
Pecbili.
•Goes to Inspect One of the
\ Czar's Far-Eastern
Strongholds.
Two Young Women and Their
Escort S*ink J With Flbcded ¦
"-; .¦:-¦- - ¦ Boat. -' " ¦ ;' % •¦
Russian War Minister's
Sudden Move in
Orient.
Pleasure Party on the
Sacramento Suffers '&
Accident. . ,*¦"¦ •
THREE LIVES
ARE LOST IN
DARK RIVER
KUROPATKIN
HURRIES TO
NIKOLAVSK
TnE SA>7 FJRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. eJULY 5. 1903.
29
ADVERTISEIiffENTS.
I A NEW APARTMENT HOUSE, ;
5 ...the .. > ;
I AUGUS FINE, j
¦) '.This cipjant apartment house, con- . ,
Z tainltiK 85 rooms, located at-t»45 Post '"
* i-t., ntar harkin, is nt'v ready .for pc- ,(
9 cupdncy. It 13 diviilofi Into suits of <
) three' and - four rooruiu and nupplletl i
m with cooking; apparatus and nit para- .
J phernalla necessary for perfect house-
' kitpln*,-. The rame prtvacy Is secured I
9 In each apartment as would b» : en- (
» joyed in a separate residence. > The i
S building Has all ml>deiw Improvements ::
» and la handwjmcly furulshed. The ex- '
9 tcrlor pre«entR~a most attractive ; ap- (
ft t.iaramc, Iwlnj five s'lortes high, - and |
» .built vt brick,', with marble front and,,
f ornamental stone facinirs: *.•¦: ¦¦ ¦¦ -.'
9 -It Is the' purpose ot Uie proprietor to , (
$ mak<> this house- an'-- attractive and <
§ ' economical home to ucjommodate enly ¦ i
J -peojile 1 of .• the ."best* claii"«. ". ' ,
[ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' -"
| CURES' WEAK^MEN FREE.:
Insures Love and a Happy- Home for
All.:..*,. ¦¦ .,.-; .:. •
How any man may quickly «ire himself after
years of Buffering from sexual weaknes*. iojt
vitality, night • lotse».- varleocple. eta. and en-
large small weak organs to full size and'S'leor
Simply sen* >' oUr r?^ 0 »» a i nd " addr ««s to Dr'
Kn«pp Medical Co.. J51U Hull building, Detroit!
Mich., and.they will eladlyeend free receipt
with lull direction* so. that any man may easily
cure himself athome. This Is certainly a rn o » t
generous offer.- and the -'following <?.xtracL»
Taken from- their dally, mail show what m e n
think of their generosity: ' ,. "^ n
••Dear falr»— Pleaee accept my sincere thank».
for yours of .recent ; - date.- I Jiave given you*
treatment a thorough test 5 and the befteflt hi*
been extraordinary.. It hag completely braced
me up. I am Juit a» vlgorou, as when a buy
and you cannot ¦ realize how. happy I anj "
••Dear Sirs— Your method worked beau tifuiiv
Results were .esacMr what I. nfeded. • Strength
and :vlg*r have completely returned and ec.
largement^ Is entirely satisfactory." ,,-,*.
h ,-Dear Sirs— Tours was received and I had no
trouble In making ut-a of the receipt as t direct-
ed, and can truthfully say It la a boon to w«h^
men: 1 am greatly Improved In size.' otrencth
and vizor.'.' •. ' ¦' "/•"-'.. ¦' . <-.:.
j All ' correspondence - Is strictly .confidential
rnallert In: plain. -sealed envelope. - The^recelpt
U /free for the .asklns and they want ¦ every
man ; to have It. ~ " . '
: ; • • ..• geape-nuts.
;;'•¦ FEED THEM.
The Way to 3uild Up Wasting Chil-
- m m dren. :
\ ' Whrn tables begin to waete'anray and
•fall there !« but oak thine to do and that
¦ 'ic f.r.d the proj»er food.
•- 1'hysiclans have never yet found a
.stomach, young or old. that would not dl-
-Kcst- th«? scientific food Grape-Nuts, for
.<Jrapc-Nuts Is the most pe rfect". food form
•ir. the w :!J aiii will nourish and build
up any- f-'tomach, no matter how weak.
A Washington, lady sdys: "I had host
t»o children from Marasmus, or waetiper
may. before my little boy Maurice came.
and when 1 found nothing: agreed with
..him in the way of food you can imagine
howj fcJt.
•.'No food seemed to -satisfy his little
: etomich, as he would bite his fingem and
¦appeared to be tlowJy Btarvlns to death,
i-'tyiiig a]| the time. If v/as pitiable to
¦ jKetsud hear him and .when, he was 7
:-*Ts<o:jth« old I certainly thought I would
;.i'^e h:m. It was then my els^er beared
' me to try Grape- Nuts, which I did, using,
.-•i.hT c e tubIrc3Dcjif ul» covered with half : a
•V5:t cf t^a»drd milk and, half , a pint of
,*Jb*jflhix water, which a*fter standing 'a-
'¦ .'tt'lifle waK and fed from the bot-;
*.&•>•¦ .¦¦...¦- ¦', ¦' ¦ -r • : ' ¦¦¦ • ' ,
: ; •"Krom this "time baby began to Improve ;
•.HJid he took "absolutely no'other food un- ¦
"• »il 1. T.fai>tl him from the bottle, lie j
'.'¦ovni nut take milk in. any form except j
on (trape-Nuts. He Is now (ri good health, i
:.Mrons «nd sturdy and nearly 3 . years j
' '.'W. l am very proud Indeed of • my !
: <Jrape-N*utis boy." Name> given by Poa-
,tjfji.Co, 1'^jttU Creek. M!ch.
•.- 8oid fcr. particular* by "mall of.- exten-
¦,ti<iru ef iimt- on the $7500 09' cook**, contest
¦'¦fut TSJicorjcy prixca; ' • -V '¦'
ADVEETISEMENTS. % '\ >
HAVE YOU ANT AILMENT
TH^T WEA^KEN3 VOU?
Something that makes you fee) weak, dragged! I down. and debilitated
all the time ? Do you get* up tired and weak every morning, n<jf
appetite and a bad taste in your mouth?.- v , : - / - y'
1' you do, you need CURE all diseases
the cause removed, f ;1^. * and Weaknesses of
You need treatment by / : m en> ggj V arico-
one wh6 has made a kL':. • ' '*ts8' c r ••• '• ~
. fS^ ""2EJ**. -¦ i\<5f cele, Stricture, Con-
study and cure, of JJSw- *-*l£r s^w •
these aiiments^for'16 [l?rl '¦/. Ailments,
years. Don't neglect )rfJ3&L '-.'.-. ' ,ff- s P ecific BIosd Po >son,
your health for a few '/' ' Ne rvousness » Nervous
dollars. Your health J^^^^^jV. Debility, Lost iMan-
is worth more to, you • W^/W^ ) heed, Piles, Rupture;
i than all the money in /\ £a /\ 'Fistula, Kidney and
the '.world. ; • ' . ¦? *r* : Bladder Troubles. )
i .' " " ' . . '.
: C:nsu totloo FreJ. C U R E S CITAR A NTEt 0 Fre» Book at Ofiici
i Chapfeet R?at onab'e OR MO EV g FU - 1 ED. . . or b* Mwll.
i> 1^ HOI CMA\I M f\ 72»Markct Street, S.F,T«P Floor.
Ir. l\. nULolVI Al\, |V|. U, Hours 9 to 8 Dally, Sunday 9 to 12.
JOE BOSENBERG'g. '.' | JOE "BOSENBEItG'S. . \, JOB | i^S J0E SOSENBEECS. : . \ . JOE. ROSENBERG'S., _
cutting of prices. . '._ -. La Vida Corsets Fit. ' 'Twill be Many Moons i I jfesf
Our principle being, to give real eou^T,^^',,.,^ Before you get an > ;more tights as low Rig MM >^^^^^i
value we shall continue io cut ttZ^Mcfao^rs^^ rSt the" „ »" P r « c « «»J. .« ;kopd.in quality as these UI&.UIU10 ;.-.,: &^$*$&M8&£k'
¦J ±- x i- . '• average woman, but -Made, of fast Black Velvet-finish Cot- Mt>»n* k,W »*nt R,n
prices and maintain a reputation for the hard-to-m-the extra- ton; ankie length; tignt-ntting tops. means Dig rent~-Big \W^&£* t &&5%®&^
;.,.j/., nnina J ¦ .-• jfttY and full-hipped or Athletes and bicyclists, here's your op- . .. -. /^^^^^'M^^^^
jUStly gained. .¦¦:¦:¦ - v C%%} fhc full-bo S orned types - portunity. The small store's price is rent means big profit— MW&?M$&£8BBk
Let others give stamps. )^~ ""'*'""*> 7 t»"i\ . "ofthe big profit /gM^^^l
We aive full value for vour C v-w H * \ hv mt i st cfir< - jfuil >' m, e: r*" Always , oometning New and useful at ,. - Js^^S^sSsSSS&wSh
tic yivc iuii vuiuc iui yuui \$Siy. . ured to order corsets. All I>a ' ° nrrvpn '- -" ¦ fiSKSwSS^fS? MG^I
money or your money back, y %,?™^\^^ JOB Rosenberg's. PW'. MmW^&M?
llnr.U Ak^'rs /«»«/< »».//»>. ihn* " iW^l l" and made with bias lines and onnn This time ¦ lt'« Florodora JjTT(fljrSr^: '
uncle Abes terse saying, wat W /I numerous KO rcs. K^l Fob ana skirt Lifter-Mnde i^isi ni
"Ynn frtn ¦/nnf enma ni • : ' * ' Vor slender, medium or Eipwl of Extra Heavy Gros Grain I ITTIQ NTnTfi N
tfOU Can lOOl SOme Ot stout forms. I > rkos..S:S.r,Oantd»Sr,.O<> rafjg Silk Ribbon, with a strong 1 111 G UiUlu
ihp nennlp nil thp timp Corsets fitted free by experts. W^Hl ¦ hook to be attached to waist w w w w IS <rfZPf<&s33tiaBB9mW '•"' ? -
we people an we rime * * trw or belt . extra . Btrong c i asps , i#-«»« /;«>«-«-* /;«/« Ml^t. J&B$EBBBE& . '•
And all of the people Summer Corsets. 'Mf ' Z^i^'^^ti^ Means little rent-Little ¦ m^rVWtMBOkl
some of the time, i /?r7) bl J d hey flt where other8 ' ' M S h \2S rent means little profit- %-^&W&&\^
But VOU can't tool all thp (// /' l/M A belter corset is hard >i»^!- should be without one of v Aju - V ¦ i^^^ JW!
peopk Tah (the timer H&Y #° !H?r°neffiS Z?..: f0^™!^...^Z Come to the little store /|_^^F^ V
is not applicable to ihe Money- busted / ne w curS'lS^ha^^d/iaM Tape Measures. and you'll surely say it's ~^T^^^^ ;^^
Saving Store. SriiT^^e^S SSt '. "; f £& \±cass ! £*L. n nnnn> and a -Money \ 1 IIP^I^
Joe Rosenberg don't fool any of SSST'SSS! ~ \*S^ ! J|« l^ ffl f aB ' ° 3 °° d and a Mone r ll hWW^' '
the people any of the time. g«£g o'Farr'en-st^et^ntranc? 00 . SSffieSS,^^.^"^.^^apSe | Saving Store. \ :
Wise women knew when there Is anything We consider ourselves lucky and you will Good handkerchiefs at low prices. A Small but a Very Important Article Not Only Under Price, oof In Most Cases
.. new to improfe the form. ¦? ¦ wlien you see them at these prices. . «' «t a Very Small Price. .Far Under Cost.
Thev will surelv find it here Jacobs & Baum's, one of _ borders. Now 3c Shell Hair Pins, made of Italian shell. tfgw -
FLORODORA I IP PAD and BUS- the leading NKCK. WEAR j?S&£-*-}--- LADIES 1 HANDKERCHIEFS, made plain and. crinkley. three and one-half Travelers' Sample Line
TLE made of Pxtra flno satoen made in FACTORIES, in the East. &&& d of Irish lawn, hemstitched, deep lace inches long, highly polished, will not fVW of MUSLIN .UXDER-
thr£" ' "parate vmrts *c^ a« to n"t™nuKlv. 'sent us- their. saniDleai : to. dBMfctX- corner. Now.! ......5c Piece cratch or pull the hair. Now 12 for.Oc l*X EAR at one-third off
SXSJ S isHH^iS J^ISS S ffiSff Sft What We Say Is Exactly What We Mean. /^ ««
A Lucky Purchase . •. SBSSfyiSffi ' Anolber Money Sa»er. - gS5U Sl ffi rte^^S B &£*'*}£l $<%£" <" tu ™<&™
p n ohi. 8 ,,c ln « I npir« to hv -y at thc san ' e dls - Mf$K INDIES 1 CHATELAINE BAG— Made straDs of frilled elastic for' hose >S«^\' United States. They cora-
qwipinq .. n^?h?ir count Monday morning. BHT^ ot Extra Strong Cow rikin; well sewed: supnorters Extra^stronK belt in nink > T^i Prise Gowns. Chemise.
>^F"\ L H 1 r h u^L Collars Tabs. Collar and . square frame; leather covered: patent Slue red' and T»'S.ck Small store's I-M" and Short Skirts.
AVA \ K™ 'hSSS "™2 M^l Tab combination .Tie and Collar and clasp, no that it can be attached to belt. Xl rCd and b - acK - ¦ bmdil stores i l Corset Covers. Drawers.
i/K \ \*^ ,^'L ' -/. Ascots, etc. . You- will thank us when you see It at puce >' 1UC >ir-rH Made of nainsook and
S*Sh '"na.nsook ooVc£d Ji*™^™ 6 : Htmstitchcl1 - also T i'^; this •-'- soc Blouse and Shirt Waist Sets '^aS* £™h r e »\«ffi^
\5 J miaium Li"^: ?™ coYta™, ::¦:::::::::;::: :::;:;:::::Jj}§- if You Want a Smooth Fitting Dress i» great demand and we have some "N O d two"aVi t k c i! ed k tramcd<
3"C#^Hf? T^^d^ar--::::::::::::::::::::]^ 'j™*^^^^^ ggs-s-sS i?g
Ymi nn't find these eiervwhere Collar and Cuff3 - Hemstu^ d ---: Smme^
you can t nna mese eierywnere, S:«^2 c h 'eh neck and-W \yKw^Y if Ynn kr» imp tn Walk Ynn rannnt Af. ? l msbt Gown3 - now 7r * c
neithpr can vou find them at these ., j ,^t -, .sleeves; button Y^vYIl -¦./. " «ou Are ADie io waiii TOubannoiAi- i 2c corset cover*, now 7cj
low or cm lf you need rlbbon$ here are SGine at low Hid^h a^ »i ford to Miss This Week's Bar- £ 8S2 g£5 2£ :::: ::: :!??:
in^nef^^^^S^d^ec?: Wz^Wkti^ teh COVER kSSxS'-VLbbweAR. :«OS§S&S&|g| g^
. WIDTH no. l, same quality aa above, &v 7R In^tPflrt nf Rf) and armholea crocheted and run'through 40c Chemise, now ii.-.e
No need to have your hair untidy Y " " E " : ' S^S^S^I^isffel
ihVli hiehly pollK.3 1 teetll: citchS all Pink. Wu«. red. wtlle or black: now... ffjfl , and hemstitched front: this. . LadlBS' DraWeTS, : O.N SALE BARGAIN COVNTEK.
the loose hair_and keeps it In place; very . "vVxHy TAFP ; ETA'"Batin'rtt"ninnri *r J^rl season s styles: detachable That look well, feel ' . _ _ . , „ ,. ...... - , _ .
chic, but very low In price ...,, 2 5c gK?^^S^S2f?^hSf .*#&£ &~% l ™ 1M H ° W RiCfl MfiI1 flt
Lace Department. r^!v?S^^MS^SK^d ; ? n ¦ , 2 -^ T£iK£^ d t^El i- A • 6ot Their Wealth ?
neducin, prices ti re- Vree by Vxpcrts!^ M^ ™H Ditont FrOJl |t| n . 18&{S%£ g J : V ,L y^|^^end^ S^i le?S »
fa U c C e% S na^se?e?h a r C e k e M B 8 ltS for M SUHim8r DreSS6S. Md OtherS. .^^ S^et^ficefco"^
a^ £S s^e in d G ii|r A SHOE STH1NO BELTS _^ Z^Z^Z sM^ yoT^.n^bTpiea^d %*
Price 15c Wi!mW are all the ra S c; braided of . o«r-» are made to fit (#MC> their newness and price 115c for : oc >ard
.nch I e l s N wide 1 : A ?n B> no fl raI fffi% Wack t° wh^'biVcTkTna L A Made ° f KnsllSh thrCad '" W^ ?5 G8iitS ]^ M ° f * ! ' 25 ' ' ° f OlJr Ul^ 6 ° 0d 0ff8riil 2 S
l^^L d Vo!t^; trnl-^. white, alao ereen and Iffi^mS^.VgS fi^ - A o^.f 'cXfa^llk ' ¦ \.- WfiippBr DepirtBI8Ilt; .'
riuallty for dress trim- <^«^ ? Oft white. The small store's JsS&t. and summer color. Small £^ . »r^ neck and no "sleeves ' Made of' extra heavy fancy *>
ni g i»"i°' W v-'i'Vv^ ' price... ........v.lOc 'W^w store's price 12&c v JTIJ^) crocheted edge. Swiss rib- colored percale, double ruf- *^
cip%£ . ticl^Ynch wide, dot-; Black Patent Leather Belts. ". Ladles'/ Hose.. . . : f A^ frli«^ r coii2SS e^ b 3S • » .
ted patterns., good, pearl edge. 12 -yards Madewltha g ood ¦ stroii* harness Fast black, made of India thread, .soft . rWfiBS lavender, cream, white and braid trimmed tl B ht flttlng W
WViVtp- '¦" v'i i K\'i ; i h ; \\-K<" V a ('V bucklecreverslblecpatent leather; stronff< and velvet finish, white soles, sure cure " {JjSfrptf biack. Anticipate your Hn l n e' d i e ? fl 2 un^. e: f ul1 Mk '
Wbv ruin vfliir ouaeiaM The Latest Parisian Craze. »: • - ¦ . Jersey ribbed, fast black, double heels « j Chhbb CnrrU M/<>!»t " l» Unnam Wnrfh -C^vlnfr 0
HBJ rUlll yOUr eyeSlgnl Made of reversible red-Patent Leath- and toes, all slaes. Our price..... ...10c . . GOOQ S8nS6 FemS WalST. IS MOllfly. WOnn oailllg f
When you can buy e.r.- Gilt. ; and . metal-flnlshed, . buckles.. . ... AUOTHEK. - - .•¦ . CHILDREN'S COMFORT. MOTHER'S IF SO, COME TO THE MO.NEY-SAV-
PHAND MA DB er>r low for novelty like this....... 2t»C . Made of French, lisle, open work lace JOY— Made of strong twilled Jean, ING STORE.
BATTENBERG TI- Unnou Cattar* at Unnav Qauinir Driooe effect, double heels and toes,. in pink, corded and tailor-stitched bands, double LADIES'. LONG' KIMONAS— Made of
DIES at as low a InUIIBJ oaVCId al MUHOy-oaVlllg rllbcd. ¦ "blue white and biack: Price... 25c set of detachable washable buttons, ad- fine lawn. Mikado sleeves, yoke front
price as this? LADIES' COMBINATION POCKET . n««*« Juatable shoulder straps: In white or and sleeves trimmed with a- polka dotted
E 1 e v e n Inches BOOK and PURSE^Made of XX Seal 4GeiltS. gray ;»5c lawn; liberally made ! In width and
square, extra heavy Leather, metal clasps; plain. and sterling Corset ' Steels, four and five hooks, o - . . - ' - _•_ . length. Matchless in price .....O8c
butcher linen cen- trimmed; Jl and. Jl.oO values marked to wJth extra protector Inside, fast black, 25 CeiUS tiStead Of 75 CCIltS. Inct RPPfiWpd hv f Q FtnrP««
ter.^ trimmed with close out ..:... -50c sateen covered. Small store's prlcc..4c if vour size Is r* "i 25 2S JUS1 n8CBITBU B > *a»U»Oaj S tipiBSS.
& d - m 1ac e e: Bat^ o For the.Good Old Summer Time, V ; . . At 2 Cents. - m S& Vffro 6 ?
a^ov^^eifn^n «k$lFL J&t&^nS} SSFflgl" Halr P .n 8 ; fl made' Tbest tempered SS iSS " le^ t %A\^^i a 1 &U
thread will cost you more than we ask dStiffSuS.* SquV flntah'^llSSStlSnS KS JikaJS'ln onTcabineT-TcabfnJt ¦ - Note . the slze « a i ld ta?k^to^U^ode. tl S?^tS tt 8S
for these complete «Oc seams, finished with five" rows of stitch- Iour P acka & e8 ln one cabinet.^c cabinet note the low price 2oc black and white: made by the best Ger-
. ¦ -^ Ing. Price ..:.....-...... ..../.O8c : MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. ' man manufacturers. Kid ln look and
Ladies' White Dress Skirts 25 cents instead of 50 cents. TAT7 15 AC17\Tl>T7nr< tu «.. r u fi - nlsh> but T s - ! n D pr S e "" 25c
Made of steam shrunk Pique, circular VEILING OR BEAUTIFIERS. made : r i 1 1 Bi- |« 1 I Pi 111 ll W^A Bl I.T * "6 rTlC6 3 ttlU6r lOUNSI nUCDing.
flounce, tailor-stitched seams, fit and of French silk chiffon, chenille or vel-' %^. \^ Mmm JLtL.^J' P*^ J*mM JL * JDm*J AmM JLtL \J\ . Made of Ottoman silk edged with a
hane as they should; from our own ma- vet -dotted. In blue, brown and black.' . Q1R IWAPTTTT QTRT717T 11 tWU A I?DT?T T CTDXT'CT ¦ heavy silk cord, in cream and black 6
chines. Our.price..,^,,,,.. .81. 5O Price ...:. 2uC OiD lUAnJ\.r< 1 Dl nUJCi 1. 11 \J\ E AlXRlLluLt OlliuZtL. ' yards ln a box. I SOc boxThere is a thief- in Oakland whose luck would be immune Uo the > combined power of , a
horseshoe and a mascot.- He stole a clock from a store and just as he i was leaving with it in his
pocket the alarni went off.-; When the ppl iceman tagged him . he sajd he .was only taking, time by the
forelock, but the copper said he would be doing it shortly. They don't know whether to. charge him
with petty ; larceny or procrastination; ¦ " •"¦:"•';¦
¦ v " ¦: :f: ' •¦¦-'¦' ' . ¦' .¦¦¦"'-vt^J ~~ '-'» ¦ , 'J '.¦'¦¦•¦: .¦•;¦¦ ¦ -" ¦.; ' '. -- - '""¦ -\ '..".--. ' '¦¦ ' • •
Referrnig. to an explosion which > was : a part , o f the ; Fourth of J uly exercises held by a San
Francisco boy in- fthe' cellar of his house, , the news report says, "His family left home, as it is dan
gerous to enter the house, as some of the rafters were • probably loosened and the house might;col
lanse.'' The ouly/way that boy; will ever, be killed is to slVoot him. ;>
Sugared Timber.
Among new uses to which sugar has re
cently been put is In the preservation of
timber. Much interest has beecn aroused
by the* announcement, as the result of a
prolonged scries of experiments, of a
method of so treating timber as to secure,
even from soft wood, a largely increased
toughness and hardness. . The treatment
to which the timber Is subjected » is,
roughly speal^ng, that of saturation tat
boiling point with a solution of sugar, the
water being afterward evaporated at' a
high temperature. The result is to leave
the pores and Interstices of the wood
filled In with solid matter and the timber
vulcanized, preserved and seasoned; The
nature of moderately soft wood, It "Is
claimed, is In this way changed to a tough
and hard" substance, without brittleness,
and also without any tendency to splitor
crack.— London Globe.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and DUbllc men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1MX ' *
Townsend's California glace fruits asd
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic firs
etched boxesv A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids.*
ALL ot the get rich quick concerns get rich quick themselves through the prevalence oi cre
dulity, the universality of the. gambling spirit and the desire to get . something for nothing.
Horace Grecley said the saddest moment in a young man's life was not when he lost his
father or his mother, or writhed in the pangs of unrequited love, but was when he took a
dollar that he had not earned. All of the buck etshop business of the different produce exchanges;,
the betting at races on private tips; the losses in stocks through getting a "hunch," depend upon
credulity and the desire to get something for nothing. Somebody gets it, but not the credulous
investor.
There is recently disclosed a painful case of credulity in which unfortunately the innocent and
defenseless suffer with the credulous and the foolish. A pseudo medium in Southern California saw
piles of gold iii, Central/ American soil and stone, and a considerable party of men, women and chil
dren packed off in: search of the treasure/ They were "spiritually guided" to the midst of a poison
tropical forest, twenty miles* from the coast in. Guatemala, where the only "color"' they found was
yellow fever, and where even the natives are a race of mosquito-bitten and malaria smitten pariahs.
These credulous fortune-seekers had but little when they started out on this fool's errand, and now
they are. marooned in the tropics with nothing" to support them there and nothing to take
them away. . . : ¦ •
If only those responsible were suffering' the case would hot be so bad, but among them are a
number of small children, who were dragged; into the forest to perish. The spiritual guidance has
ceased and its victims will mostly cease, too, before they can get back. The press should give as wide
circulation to this great-folly as possible, but the lesson will be lost upon the kind of people who have
furnished it. The seers, and revelators of hidden. treasure will find material upon which to ply their
trade as long as there arc in the world people looking for the quick fortune and willing to touch, the
dollar unearned. ; ': "
THE PREVALENCE OF CREDULITY.
JULY is young yet, but seems determined that the months preceding shall not excel it in the
sensations produced by natural and artificial causes. Named for the great Julius who shook
thc world from the Indus to the Scheldt, and so shone in all positions that he assumed and
all places that knew his presence that his personality will be embossed upon the world until
the firmament is rolled up like a scroll, this month of July not only has monopolized the anniver
sary of American independence, the fall of the Bastile, the battle of the Boyne, the fall of Vicksburg
and Santiago, and the nativity of the Dominion of Canada, "Our Lady of the Snows," but has also
in these first days furnished human calamity enough to surfeit the wires.
There are July snows in Montana, killing heat and lightning in New York, men and beasts
struck dead by the sun in Philadelphia and Washington, people drowned in, cloudbursts. in Texas,
chilly weather in Chicago, cyclones in Iowa blowing buildings aiid humanity into giblets, grass
hoppers eating all the grass in Montana that is not under snowdrifts, and floods in the Southern
rivers sweeping crops and houses down streams.
In California there are forest fires at Guernevillc. grain fires at Davisville, Dixon. Stockton
and other points. Angels Camp is nearly burned up. A hot wind from the north has thinned our fruit
and shelled the standing grain. A miner lit his pipe with his Davy lamp in AVyoming and blew up
the mine, killing 200. Since the first of the month there have been three lynchings, and it seems as
if the month of Julius, like him, proposes to have no rival in the calendar as an object of
human interest.
If the rest of it is to keep up the record may the days pass quickly, that we may enter the
month of the' gentler Augustus, who was not so great a figure but a better politician than his uncle.
He was to Julius what Van Bitren was to Jackson, and his namesake month partakes of his charac
teristics. Give us, then, August and the dog star, to let us rest after these windy, fiery, watery and
CONTINUED CALAMITY
P. D. Keim and hi* son Clyde of Rand.
Colo., says the Scientific American, went
upon a mountain hunting trip last sum
mer. While the party was ascending a
steep incline a storm came up. As he
walked into a clearing the elder Keim
mat struck by lightning. Nearly every
article of clothing that he wore was torn
•off; even his shoes were stripped from his
feet. His son Clyde, who was about fifty
feet away, wai also struck. He regained
consciousness, and. despite the fact that
one elde was paralyzed, he managed to
<rawl t* hi» father, whom he supposed
dead— pulling himself along by. means of
the long trrass. using but one hand and
arm. When he reached nis father he
fodnd that he had not be;n killed. For
tunately, the remaining members of the
party came up and worked over the un
conscious man for two hours, finally suc
ceeding in reviving him.
The body of Mr. Kclm was burned from
CHINA possesses few notable
monuments, but she is herself
a monument of past ages.
She resembles an ancient cy
press that retains Its youth
ful vitality rather than those
fragments of architecture that remind us
of perished races. In Egypt and Asia
Minor such relics meet the eye of the
traveler at every step, while on the Eu
phrates, if he does not nee them, he has
only to turn up the sod and find them in
vheir grave*.
However wonderful the career of those
V.uried rations hss been, !s it not more
wonderful that the people who were con- .
temporary with Pharaoh and Cyrus
should survive in undiminished vitality
snd demand to be reckoned with our
Ktatctmen of to-day? In lieu of broken
arrhes or crumbling walls is presented
the accompanying view combining the
permanent and the ephemeral. The per
manent elements are this noble river
<Tang-tse-Kiang>, the longest in Asia,
and the hills on its banks, which, though
not remarkable for height, are prominent
features in the scenery. The more fragile
• Icmcnts are two pagodas, which have
nothing permanent but their style.
These are so perishable that it would
l.e safe to assert that they have renewed
their youth a dozen times within the last
T000 years— reappearing each time as a
fresh print from an old block, so that the
present pagodas seen in the accompany
ing illustrations are exact reproductions
of those occupying the same site centur
ies ago. One cf them in fact— that which
overlooks the river — is just now rising
from a bed of ashes into which it was
transformed by a. spark from a fire
cracker. In front of it Is a pretty little
iow«?r of solid stone, said to be In the
style of Thibet, crowning the principal
gate of this city (Wuchang). They have
ihe advantage of rising from the extrem
ity of a long hill, whose backbone, the
Chinese say, was broken by the impetuous
flood.
A chief feature of this locality — one that
ha* made it the symposium of Central
China— is the junction of the river Han,
which flows into the larger stream at a
point nearly opposite this pagoda. Han
kow owes 5t» existence to this fact, as its
name Indicates— signifying the "Mouth of
Han." On the other bank of the Han
stands the city of Hongkong, the two,
with Hanyang, forming a trio somewhat
Jike the three great cities that have
sprung up at the mouth of the Hudson.
Our earliest notice of this locality dates
back 4S00 years, to the days when Yu
Wong, that model engineer, opened the
water courses and drained the fields after
the occurrence cf a flood which the Chi
nese compare to that of Noah or Deu
calion. Nine years were spent in the task
and it is said that, although he thrice
passed his own door, he never stopped to
'sleep at home— so absorbed was he by the
" magnitude of his enterprise! In recom
pense for this achievement he was raised
to the imperial throne.
Fifty years ago last week may almost
be said to have been the birthday of
modern American railroading, for on May
17, 1853, the New York Central Railroad
was. incorporated, and shortly afterward
took over the components of the first im
portant railroad consolidation. Prior to
that period the traveler from New York
westward worked his way up the Hudson
by boat or by the Hudson River Railroad,
then a powerful Independent line, and
then headed fcr Buffalo via a group of
ten little roads operated on more or less
discordant terms, according to circum
stances, and with difficulty managing to
irhuftie passengers across the State. "West
of Buffalo the outlook for progress 'was
harder still. It was another and an
earlier era In transportation, and it is al
most impossible for us now to realize how
incomplete and weak were the links that
bound together the interests of the con
tinent. . Still harder is It to realise that it
was fourteen years later before the rail
route from New York to Buffalo was un
der one coherent management. Evtn
then the ways of travel were crude; in
deed, the sleeping car v.-as almost an un
known quantity, and the hapless traveler
was shuffled from car to car along his
devious way in a fashion that would now
lead to riot. If the virtues at consolida
tion are anywhere more consplcu<nis than
in the promotion of through railway traf
fic, we have yet to find the place. To
day travel is a pleasure instead of a bur
den, and the coast is nearer then was the
Mississippi a generation ago., It is the
shrewd and wise enterprise that formed
the New York Central which set the pace
for future develonment and' has enabled
the .nation to grow without losing com
mon Interests, and to develop a homoge
neous whole. No cne man or railroad can
claim all the credit, but the New York
Central has been a road of rare irn^-jr
tance In the national growth.
Professor John Milne. the wcll-knnwn
seismologist, has published pome inter
esting facts concerning the crust and in
terior of the earth At the present time
it is only possible to Imagine the forma
tion of the earths crust from the stiata
present in the jnatttr thrown out by vol
canoes. How thick the earth's cru!«t i*
we do not know, but as it Is an estab
lished fact that earthquakes and similar
earth tremors pass right round the
v.-orld. through the Interior in waves, it
Is possible to deduce the medium they
have traversed by their quality and veloc
ity According to Professor Milne, . the
denser this medium the greater is the
speed of the propagation of the waves,
varying from 3 kilometers to ?.3 kilome
ters per second, the, velocity increasing
the nearer the course of the wave to the
earth's center. Assuming the world to
weigh more than five and a half times
an ecual bulk of water. Professor Milne
concludes that a lighter crust of approxi
mately 200 miles and a denser medium
fairly uniform and about five and a half
times the density of water would satisfy
the seismolcglcal conditions. To such a
core as this, which would be somewhat
lighter than iron, he hn.^ supplied the
special name of "g^Ite." and continues to
explain that what seiamologlcal observa
tions lead us to suspect Is that beneath
the lighter crust there is a magnetic me
dium of greater density, which during
penetration slowly passes into a fairly
homogeneous "geite." and he anticipates
that it will be possible in time to deduce
the physical and chemical composition of
the white-hot matter i:i the interior of the
earth with the same certainty that we
now know the composition of the various
bodies of the solar system.'
neck to tors; both ear drums had burst.
After he had been revived. Mr. Keim and
his son Clyde boarded the train for Rand,
Colo., whTe they live. On the way, how
ever, it was neecsawry to call In medical
assistance. Mr. Keim wrote to us last
January that he had then sufficiently re
coverrd to don the clothes which he wore
at the time of the accident and to have
the picture taken which we reproduce
herewith. The picture tells better than
words how narrow was his escape.
Mr. Hutton..by forsaking the authori
ties and the guides has succeeded In gath
errng together an agreeable cento of anec
dotes from Investigations, personally con
ducted, through hundreds of volumes of
local history, biography, autobiography,
correspondence and reminiscence. .
Here. Is a letter that mlgnt have been
written In this century and in this coun
try by President Wilson of Princeton ;.- by
President Eliot of Harvard, or. by Presi
dent Hadley of Yale. In point of fact It
was written early in the seventeenth cen
tury by Archbishop Abbott of Oxford,
England. It Is addressed to the under
graduates of All Souls*, and it says:
"The feast, of : Christmas drawing now
to an end doth put one in mind of the
great outrage which., as I was Informed,
was last year committed In your college,
where, although matters had formerly
been conducted with some distemper, yet
men did never before break .into such In
tolerable liberty as'.to t tear down "doors
and gates and disquiet their neighbors,
as if it had been a. camphor a town In
war." *. ...
We all know that Arthur Penryhn Stan
ley was the original Tom great
est '"'.friend; . Arthur. We all know that
Tom" Brown was ; Tom Hughes himself.
Therefore'Mr. Hutton springs a surprise
upon us when he quotes from a letter
vrltten by Dean Stanley, In 1360:
"Oxford's ignorance of Oxford." he-com
plains, "is in many respects phenomenal
and startling: and a book might easily be
written about 'what Oxford does not
know about Oxford.' In too many trying,
exasperating instances, the only difference
between the authorities and the local per
sonally conducted guides is the fact that
the authorities know less, at no pecuniary
expense to the Inquirer, than do the
guides know for the regulation fees. But
while the authorities are generally and
frankly uncertain/ the guides are almost
universally incorrect. The authorities
rarely assert. The guides invariably in
vent." '
This is the latest and also the freshest
and most unique of Laurence . Hutton's
anecdotal histories of famous literary
centers. If we are to take Mr. Hutton's
word for It. there is no place which will
find it fresher and more unique than Ox
ford Itself.
Sir Lewis Morris, a new edition of
whose poems is now coming out. is an
other instance of the close association of
literature and law. of which the history
of letters offers so many examples. Sir
Lewis pactked for a number of years at
the Chancery- Bar. chiefly 'as, a convey
ancing counsel. The drafting or perusing
of documents of title Is not usually es
teemed a very exhilarating ocupation. al
though it is recorded of one old convey
ancer that he occasionally came across
a brilliant deed. Uninteresting though
conveyancing may in general be. it did
not prevent Sir Lewis Morris cultivating
the poetic muse with much success.
For the extraordinary sum of £1070
f J5350) Messrs. ' Sotheby sold on Thurs
day a series of twenty-nine autograph
letters, etc.. by Keats. The bidding be
gan at £250 (J1250) and It was not till af
ter a spirited and determined contest that
the well known dealer, Mr. Quaritch. be
came the possessor at the big
named. It may be of interest .to record
that the original manuscript of Keats'
"Cap and Bells," which wanted twenty
one stanzas and a half, fell to a bid of
£345 ($1725). at Hodgson'3 auction rooms
last June, and that in 1902 the "Hymn to
Apollo" 'and another poem brought £63
($345> and a brief letter to Fanny Brawne
sold for £42 10s. (?212 50V
Other noteworthy lots at the sale on
Thursday included an interesting letter
from Charles Lamb to Robert Southey.
dated August 10. 1825, which fetched £<3
(J215). and the original pocket notebook
carried by Wordsworth while he was
composing the "Ecclesiastical Sonnets,"
which brought £26 (?130>.
Charles Marriott. who3e name became
familiar with his successful novel of "The
Column," is on a visit to London. He has
finished a new story. "The House on the
Sands," and Mr. I.ane Is to publish It in
the autumn. The background of the story,
is laid in Cornwall, but of the plot jfnd
characters Mr. Marriott is silent for the
present.'
THE news that J. M. Barrle is to
be represented in London by a
third play calls attention to the
extent to which he has deserted
literature for the drama. Mr.
Barr'.e's first essay in dramatic
composition was in 1891. but his first suc
cess wan attained in the production by
Mr. Toole of a little skit on Ibsen. In
the last twelve years Mr. Barrie has pub
lished only four books, whereas in the
preceding four years he published seven.
Since 1S90, on the other hand, he has
He was admired, he was respected, he
was loved, he was gently satirized. One
of the most popular and 'possibly one of
the most apocrypal of the stories that
were told about him was to this effect:
A certain irreverent and waggish under
graduate was once, showing visitors
around Ballol College.
"There la the library." said he. "there
the chapel: there is the buttery; ther* Is
the master's lodge, and there"— throwing
a stone through the window of the lodge,
at which the surprised and indignant
Jowett at once appeared— "and there Is
the master himself."
One of the most familiar and one of the
most distinguished figures In Oxford of,
late years, nnd for many years, was that
cf Benjamin Jowett. lie was student,
fellow, tutor, professor and master of
Baiiol. Entering with a scholarship from
St. Paul's in JSS6. he was intimately as
sociated with Oxford until he died. In 1S3C.
His fellow students, hla pupils and hi3
coworkers were his devoted friends. "H«s
had a genius for friendship." wrote one.
"He was the best man I have ever
known." wrote another.
The recipients of the shot did not like
the trick and authorities objected to it
and Landor was forced to go elsewhere
to flre his suns.
"AH tie time I was only a spectator,
for I should have blushed to have had
any conversation with them, particularly
out of a window. But my sun was lylns
on a table in the room and I had in a
back closet some little shot. I proposed,
as they had closed the casements and as
the shutters were on the outside, to fire
a volley. It was thought a good trick
and accordingly. I went Into my bedroom
and fired."
Who thought it a good trick the Imag
inary Conversationalist does not say.
"At the coming: commemoration I ex
pect T. Hushes and his wife. Have you
seen him of late? I hardly knew him be
fore "Tom Brown* appeared."
Matthew Arnold was one of the most
popular and success&jl undergraduates
that Oxford has evci # *Vnown. Professor
Max Mullcr, who knew him at Ballol. re
membered that "he was beautiful as a
younc man. ttrors and manly, full of
dreams and schemes. Ilia Olympian man
ners began even at Oxford; there was no
harm In them: they were natural, not put
on. The sound of hi* voice and the. wave
of his {frm were Jovelikc."
The v*ry antithesis of Matthew Arnold
was Walter Savage I,andor, of whom Mr.
Wells, author of "Oxford and Its Cot*
leges." has quaintly saltl that neither her?
nor anywhere else was he "a sweetly rea
sonable p»rscu>."
"Landor entered Trinity in 1733 and h^
retired a jfar later. He went out ot'Ox
ford literally with a bang. An under?r»d
iiate of his college whom T,andor dldn^t
like had rooms opposite Landor's, whcr<?
he had the bad taste one day to give a
party to other men who were equally" dis
liked "by Landor. What was the natural
consequence is here set down in Landor" 3
own words: '-, ...""-'-.
PHOTOGRAPH OF ONE OF THE MOST INTERESTING SPOTS IN AN
CIENT CHINA. AND PICTURE SHOWING HOW LIGHTNING
SHREDDED A MANS CLOTHING, BUT SPARED HIS LIFE.
I POPULAR AUTHOR. WHO HAS ALMOST ENTIRELY ABANDONED
I THE WRITING OF BOOKS FOR THE BUILDING OF PLAYS. IN
! WHICH. SO FAR. HE HAS HAD BRILLIANT SUCCESS.
Our merchants expected great advantages to follow China's participation in the St. Louis fair.
Mr.' Barrett was sent to Peking to secure it. Tsi An gave out of her private purse nearly half a mil
lion to aid the exhibit. The Chinese colleges and technical schools were interested and were resorted
to to secure the skilled workmen and the intelligence required in installing and maintaining the ex
hibit. There is no doubt that it would have been one of the most novel, interesting and useful of all
the exhibits. Just now we needed to. encourage China in making it. We needed in all ways to show
our friendship toward the commercial classes of a country which can easily take all the surplus prod
ucts of California and pay welt for it.
Rut a shadow has fallen upon a prospect in which California is so vitally interested. Dictated
by that mistaken sentiment here which identifies all Chinese with the coolies whose exclusion we
desire, the treasury regulations for control of the Chinese who must accompany the exhibit put upon
them the brand of ignominy, treat them as prisoners from the moment they land, put them under
bonds, under police supervision, confine them to the grounds of the exhibit and brand them with in
feriority and inequality among the nationals of many countries who will be there.
The only possible way of changing this is by a representation from the commercial bodies of
this State. The few hundred Chinese wlio must follow the exhibit would make no harmful impres
sion if they should all stay after it^ is over. But they do not come to stay. They will return. They
come as students of our affairs and to study all nations in their exhibits. We invited them by spe
cial embassy, and it is to make a spectacle of ourselves if we treat them as prisoners when they come:
There is no industrial or legal necessity for such treatment. The regulations are in supposed re
sponse to public sentiment here, and the' authorities at Washington should be at once undeceived.
China acquiesces in our policy of excluding coolies, but if her trade is worth seeking or her
people deserving to be our guests at this fair, they will resent the humiliation put upon -them -by
these regulations. .
The people that come to install the Chinese exhibit are entitled to the same freedom of action,
the same mobility, as those of the other nations we have invited to be our guests. In that way we may
retain the hold we now have on the friendship and trade of China. By unnecessary humiliation we will
lose it, and deserve to. Whether we want Chinese trade or want to throw it away will be shown by
the action of our merchants and our rhembcrs of Congress in advising the Government at Wash
ington in this matter. -
CALIFORNIA has the greatest interest in Chinese trade. China is to us what all Europe is
to the Atlantic seaports of the country. There is nothing for us in India, but little in the
Straits Settlements, less in the Dutch East Indies and bare pickings in French Cochin
China. Japan is able to supply most of her own wants and is ambitious to do so. . Her
food supply is ample and will for years to come keep up with the increase of her population. China,
with 425.000.000 people., already grown beyond her own food supply, just ready to emerge into con
ditions that imply new wants which we may supply, is our field.
Why are we nettled at the lying and intrigue of Russia? The reason is not sentimental. It is
commercial. It is selfish. We know that left alone China will give us the open door in Manchuria;
while, put under duress by Russia, our trade will be excluded. In China, England, France and Ger
many all enjoy advantages superior to ours. They own coast points. They have extensive zones of
influence. They are on the ground., and though their base of supplies is farther from the demand
and consumption than ours, they overcome that by possession of points of advantage. The ukase of
the Czar, issued three years ago, made it. perfectly plain that whenever Russia controlled a Chinese
port it would be closed* to all except Russian ships and Russian trade. Therefore we arc angered at
Russia for her Chinese policy, because we want our share of that trade, and California wants it
more than any other part of thc;Union.' •
CHINA AT THE FAIR.
HANKOW BOASTS
ENGINEERING REMAINS
ANTEDATING MOSES
THE HAN FB ANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 5, ¦ 1903.
BARRIE IS NOW
EMPLOYING HIS GENIUS
IN DRAMATIC FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ,.¦ . . ... .-.,"..,*¦ . • '.• Address Commgnications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ' . . . .............................. • • • • :.:.:.- '. • V.". JULY 5/ 1903
Publication Office • • • • •• • • <»fgt^|^> • • • • • • •„ Third and Market Streets, S. F.
30
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"GOOD GKOWING WEATHEK."
When the New Scalp Antiseptic Is
Used.
A good head of hair Is as much a
"crown of glory" for man as It Is for
woman, notwithstanding all the poetry
on the subject applied to the female sex
exclusively. In the season when flies
bite the bald-headed man can sympathize
with the Egyptians who were so sorely
plagued on account of the children of
Israel. Why not try Newbro's Herplcfde?
Others have been benefited and are loud
In its praise. It cleanses the scalp, kills
the germ at the root of the hair and by
keeping the scalp sweet, pure and whole-
some the hair Is bound to grow a«s nature
intended, regardless of the temperature.
Try It and be convinced. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sample
to The Hcrp!cide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
*¦ **'»• r , umm\MmnM mrm matin
AEVEBTISEMENT3.
3000 SACKS BEST
GRANULATED SUGAR
F II lK/J
-in
G.T. JONES & CO.
2 and 4 CALIFORNIA St^
San Francisco. ' , JIt Is claimed by those who should know
that. un Impossible Child Is probably.nev
er wittier than upon the occasion of some
body being born into the family.— D< ' n't
Journal.
"Well, I'm the stork," said the doctor
"But v.here is your bill?" said the Im
possible Child. , : . ? ' •
"I've brought you a little brother," said
the doctor. , ,
"No."" said the Impossible Chud, "the
stork brought my "little brother.','
"Yes, sir; I did," the terrified teacher
answered. "But I did not whip him se
verely."
"That's what I'm kicking about," he
rejoined. "You didn't hurt him at all.
Now, look here. sir. I'm one of the largest
taxpayers in this school district, and my
boy is entitled to as good a whipping as
you give any other boy. Understand that!
If you slight him again you'll hear. from
me in a way you won't like. Good after
noon, sir."— Chicago Tribune.
"I understand you whipped my boy thia
morning." the angry father said, striding
into the schoolroom after the children had
been dismissed. '¦ •.. . ;>
"Why, man, it would take a dozen i of
those big trees to furnish enough lumber
for that purpose," said Daly.
"A dozen?" exclaimed Williams. "No,
sir; not half the number. One will do It
Why. that Griszly Giant is more than
eighty feet in circumference and 300 feet
hish. ¦'¦'¦¦
The three doubters laughed again.
"I'll bet you each a new Panama hat on
it," raid Williams, as he threw down his
napkin and pushed back his chair.
"Taken," said the others.
The railroad men agreed to accept the
word of "Honest John" Horsburgh of San
Francisco. They telegraphed him to go
to the Mariposa grove, measure tho Griz
zly Giant and send the tape with an af
fidavit to Chicago.
A few days ago Williams received a let
ter from San Francisco. It contained a
long paper ribbon and a legal-looking doc
ument, which read that James Hors
burgh. being duly sworn, etc., declared he
"was In the Mariposa big tree grove Yo
semlte Valley, National Park, California
and that he then and there, in presence of
ceveral witnesses, measured the big. tree
known as Sequoia gigantea, popularly
called the Grizzly Giant, and that he
found the girth of said tree at a height of
five feet from the ground to be ninety
eight feet ten Inches; and, further that
the string attached to the affidavit is the
identical piece with which Ue measured
said tree, and that.it required the entire
piece to make the circumference."
"Well. I'm not telling any bear or fish
storle?," said Williams a minute later,
"but I can tell you fellows a few things
about trees. I know you don't believe all
you hear about the giant redwoods, even
If you have seen them. Do you know that
the Grizzly Giant redwood contains
enough lumber to build a box that would
encase the Masonic* Temple?"
Daly, Lee and Bowman laughed.
Williams turned red and added "Well
that's right."
One evening five or six weeks ago Rich
ard D. Williams of the Union Pacific and
Southern Pacific railroads, George I^e of
the Rock Island Railroad Company.
Charles F. Daly of the Lake Shore and
Max Bowman of the Erie were dining to
gether in a downtown cafe and spicing
the meal, with' a series of railroad yarns.
Daly told a fish story that was a whop
per and that stumped his two compan
ions for awhile. Then Bowman came back
with a bear story that would have done
credit to Munchausen. V-:-~ • •
Contains Enough Lumber to In
case Chicago's Masonic
. Temple.
THE BIGGEST TREE
IN THE WORLD
An. Intercepted Letter— "Deer Mr. Car
niggy I See you are giving away Monny
for Library* and I; want to tell you that
us Kid? has Fixed up a Lair In a Cave
witch Wo. IJIlt Ourselfs and we would
like you to send us Eather the Monny or
a Ceries of the 6 fingered Ike stories and
the Noofboy Detective Orlfs it you donte
mined the Troubel. Your clnserc frend
Johnny.'— Indlanapoli3 Press.
The mining, grinding, running wada and
punching arc all done by male operatives,
«s described by an Ohio correspondent re
cently, *ut r.hcn t!ie pipes leave the
puncher's table Ihere are b!U- of ragged
clay clingins to them, which are trimmed
off by girl*, who are "finishers."
The only tool«i required for thoir trade are
a knife and- a grain bap. The latter is
fastened across the Up. and after the pipe
Ir trimmed with Ibe Jrnif? It ip rubbed on
the tag until it is rmooth. One finisher
can r,«nooth as rapidly as a puncher can
How many jrmokvs know vincr* the
so-called "stone plp^fi"— the serf with a
ut*m— are mace? Tlie little villas" of
Matador*, out in Ohio, manufactures
fully, five-sixths of them, and the output
goes in part to foreign countries. The ir.
«}UEtry began th^re only twenty-five years
ago. but has thrived from the start. That
was on a very small scale, and the in
dustry -is not what may be called a
••grtaf one now; but this plant at Maga
dore is the largest of the sort in the
t.'nltPd States, giving employment to over
fifty men. women, boys and girls.
The hills adjoining the little village fur
nish an abundance of a peculiar kind of
clay used In the manufacture of the pipe.
It is ground in a clay mill until perfectly
smooth, and then submitted to a piece of
machinery, which shapes tho taffy-col
ored earth in long, sausage-like rolls,
which are cut in two-inc.i length bars, or
wadf, and given to the. men called
"purrcbers," who. .by placing them. In a
machine, form the of the pip». The
dexterity -of -.the. workmen in all th<» de
partments is wonderful. It is not an un
usual thing for a Uoy to make 16.000 pipes
in one day. Vr
THE ART OF MAKING
POPULAR "STOirE PIPES"
Few Too' Required and They Are
of the Simplest Char
acter.
The. stems are a cane, shipped from the
Southern States, and come. in bundles five
feet long. The joints are sawed out on
circular saws and the length made by
little boys, who run great risk of losing
fingers. The next. machine is also man
aged by boys, who sharpen the end of the
5tem. They are then subjected to an im
mense wooden cylinder, resembling a land
roller, and rolled and whirled constantly,
which. gives the stem a very respectable
polish. -
Passing to the next room they arc
treated to the bending process. Long,
regular rows of stems are placed on a
grooved block of wood, and on the top of
the hollowed : part is a hollow Iron tube
reaching across a row two yards long. A
red-hot Iron bar is inserted in the hollow,
and In a very few moments the heat will
bend the cane the shape of the grooves.
This completes the manufacture of a
stone pipe and fitem.
The great demand and Fmall competi
tion make it a profitable business.— New
York Commercial. ¦ - „'--' , ,. .¦ ¦
make them. the pipes are" partially
dry they are placed in a sagger, which
rest mbles a straight butter pot with
numerous holes punched in It, and then
burned in a kiln tor about forty-eight
hours. Shortly before the fires are al
lowed to go. out salt. is thrown in the fire
to sire the pipe its gloss. Kiln burning
Is a trade of itself and requires consider
able experience to temper the heat to the
proper degree. It is thn all-Important part
of the work, as It is in the kiln. that the
pipe deceives its color, gloss, "smoothness
and hardness.
The average person seems somehow to
think of dictionaries as the Invention of
Dr. Johnson and an altogether modern
product. Dr. Murray corrected that idea.
They were not the work of one or of sev
eral men, he told his audience, but a
growth developed through the ages. They
began, with the glosses— that is,- the ex
planations in easy Latin or English— of
hard Latin words, written by the monks
between the lines of the manuscripts. The
glosses grew Into translations, and col
lections of glosses by this monk or that
from all the sources available to him
made glossaries or dictionaries. Little
by little English supplanted the easy Lat
in explanations, and the words were ar
ranged in a rudimentary alphabetical or
der, thus forming, so long ago as 1000 A.
D., Latin-English dictionaries. The un
educated Normans overthrew English
learning, and It was not until the fifteenth
century that the revival came.— New York
Evening Post.
The Dictionary.
open her campaign among her friends
early and be frank with the authorities of
the college, who frequently receive appli
cations for summer "coaches," governesses
and companions.— Washington Star.
The more desirable lines of summer
work cannot be secured through adver
tising or consulting the high-grade em
ployment bureaus. They depend upon In
fluence an dacquaintance. A girl should
In New England and the midwest States
college girls take position* as waitresses
ln summer hotels, and as hotel help Is
well paid they lay aside a comfortable
nest egg for the fall term.
"A Philadelphia girl who traveled abroad
before, meeting financial reverses com
pleted her college course by acting as
guide for summer tourists, organizing par
ties of teachers. For this work she not
only utilized the information and expe
rience she had gained while traveling
with her parent.-, but she studied routes
and maps until she could conduct her
tours on the most economical plan. She
Is now a teacher in a fashionable school
and her summers are spent fn Europe at
the head of clubs formed among her pu
pils.
The college girl who seeks summer em
ployment must guard against adopting a
line of work' which will lead her from her
educational Interests. A bright youns
woman from Wellesley possessed of a
dainty but not brilliant singing voice
was induced by well-meaning friends to
join the chorus of an opera company
which was giving summer productions.
Her salary of flS a week was alluring,
and the manager, seeing her pretty face
and vivacity, promised better things. To
day she Is dancing In one of the leading
Broadway productions, all thought of her
college course driven from her head. She
may score a brilliant success in her un
expectedly found profession, but musical
comedy is hardly the best preparation for
serious dramatic work. .
A SHORT CUT TO MATRIMONY:
Summer employment for the college girl
sometimes proves to be the straight and
narrow path to matrimony, and many a
career of learning is stopped by Cupid ar
rayed in summer raiment. The college
girl is never treated as a servant or a
hireling in a" well-regulated home. A cer
tain deference is accorded her alma mater
and she Is thrown into society which oth
er girls possessed of the same Income do
not reach. Here she. sometimes meets her
fate, and the question of how to pay for
next year's course is forever settled
There is no next term at college for thii
young woman.
propose to be. left alone a single. day. A
vivacious college girl secured the position
for her. It paid well.' The principal
drawback* were the Incessant repining of
the wife and the rather vapid guests en
tertained at her home.
A .clever,girl.,wlth pleasing address and
a gift for Inventing amusements, can se
cure employment at summer hotels ln
assisting the management to amuse the
guests. There are many summer holiday
makers who have no resources and must
be planned for like so many helpless,
peevish children. The ingenious girl ar
ranges the sailing parties, the calmbakcs,
the private theatricals for rainy nights,
the euchres, and. if she plays and Blngs,
is always at the command of the music
ally Inclined. She works with the man
ager in planning the big dances and se
curing favors for the germans. Her sti
pend depends largely upon her usefulness
and powers of attraction— for women
guests. The girl who Is too attractive to
men defeats the purpose of her em
ployers. Men are too valuable at the
summer resort, too much in demand, to
be wasted on a paid employe. Some girls
make only their board and a few inci
dental expenses. Others draw small sal
aries, which they can augment by acting
a's correpondents for city papers.-
SUMMER HOTEL WAITRESSES.
Scientists have speculated in vain as to
the use of the boomerang among these
Indians. No other tribes of the West pr
Southwest use this weapon, which has
figured so long 4 In the. history of the
Pueblos. Some scientists have claimed
that the boomerang shows the Pueblos to
be descendants of some of the remote
Asiatic tribes that used similar weapons.
This, however, Is regarded as mere specu
lation, though the ancestry' of the Pueb
los, as well as of several other tribes of
the Southwest, Is so shrouded in darkness
that one guess Is seemingly as good as
another. At. any rate, tho Pueblos can
not be Induced to part with their ancient
and favorite weapon. They use tho im
proved agrcultural Implements of tho
white man, but they have no use for the
white man's gun. They cling to the
boomerang in prefernce to the revolver or
the repeating rifle, and in all probability
this primitive weapon wjll be in use as
long as the Pueblos exist as a nation.—
New York Tribune.
The real featufci' of an Indian rabbit
hunt Is the dexterity shown by individual
boomerang hunters. A 16-year-old boy,
straight as. an arrow and as lithe as a
young panther, will frighten a rabbit
from a clump of sagebrush. To the eye
of the Inexperienced there is no rabbit
there, but the Indian lias "not been de
ceived. As eoon as the jackrabbit Btarts
from his place of concealment and goes
in long bounds, which speedily carry him
away from an ordinary enemy, the Indian
youth gives a shrill cry nnd draws back
the hand holding the deadly boomerang.
Like a baseball pitcher he poises for an
instant, and thep. with an overhand
swing, the boomerang Is sent forth, cut
ting the air with a' swish, and almost in
variably sending the rabbit head over
heels. Inasmuch as the sportsman must
manifest a fair degree of skill with the
shotgun to shoot a Jackrabbit when it is
well underway, the precision necessary
to kill one of the animals with a club can
be readily understood. The average white
boy, however he . may pride himself on
his skill in throwing the baseball, would
owe it .purely to luck should be bring
down a Jackrabbit with a boomerang.
Yet an Indian' boy thinks nothing of
killing ten or a dozen rabbits in a day's
hunt and not having a single miss scored
against "him.
KILLING JACKRABBITS.
The Pueblo Indians, the most civilized
of all Southwestern tribes, have suffered
severely owing to the depredations of
rabbits. The Pueblos are expert farmers.
They had the science of Irrigation at their
finger tips before the Spaniards first in
vaded America. . To-day their Irrigated
farms are models which the white man
can follow to good advantage. Conse
quently these aboriginal farmers have
taken to rabbit hunting not only for
sport but as a means of self-protection.
The, Indians when hunting rabbits scat
ter over a broad area with shrill cries
that frighten the rabbits from their bur
rows, and then the well-aimed boomer
angs never fall to bring down the leaping
animals. Where a rabbit refuses to come
from his burrow the Indian boys gather
about with sharpened sticks and die un
til the animal Is forced to make- a break
for liberty. The Indian dogs have their
share in' the hunt, of course, and the
scene is a stirring one as the tribesmen
scurry over tho plain; -searching every
arroyo for Ihrklng rabbit's. - '
The Indians begin practicing throwing
the boomerang at an early age. Mere in
fants can be seen on the sagebrush plat
eaus, imitating their larger brothers and
sisters and hurling tiny sticks at each
other, shouts of glee going up as some
particularly clever shot' Is made. Some
of the older Indians manifest a degree of
skill with the boomerang which Is little
short of amazing. It is a common sight
to see a skilled boomerang thrower bring
down a bird on the wing, and to miss a
Jackrabbit in the open is ..uie short of
a disgrace. The ranblt hunts, which are
held every winter, are made the occasion
of festivities in the pueblos of the tribes.
The . Indians have peculiar dances in
which they indulge Just before the arrival
of a rabbit hunt day. -These rabbit hunt
ing dances vary little from the deer and
corn dances and other picturesque cere
monials of the tribe.
The New Mexican boomerang throwers
have been using this, primitive weapon
for countless . generations." When the
Spaniards first penetrated New Mexico
in search of gold in the mining districts
of tho territory the Pueblos were using
the .boomerang almost exclusively as I a
weapon. The Pueblo Indian boy to-day
occasionally snllies forth with his bow
and arrow, but most of the tribe stick to
the ancient boomerang, especially when
at their favorite sport of rabbit hunting.
The boomerang is no.t, properly speaking,
the returning boomerang of the Austra
lian savages, but is a variation of that
deadly instrument.' It Is simply a curved
club, which is thrown - with wonderful
skill and precision by the Pueblo Indians,
even to the smallest boys and girls.
CHILDREN CARRIED STICK.,
The Santa Clara Pueblo Indians recent
ly held a. rabbit -hunt of enormous propor
tions, elaughterine thousands of .the pests
that have grown to be a mensBce to South
western ranchmen. At these rabbit- hunts
boomerang throwers play a leading part
in the work of extermination.
• Another peculiar mission which came to
an undergTaduate.waslthat of companion
to a petted". young^wife; and mother.; She
was* a city girl.'.wHos^one idea> of a"sum
mer's vacation was the Incessant gayety'
of a fashionable resort. But with, the
coming of her 'children : her husband In
sisted upon' a summer, home ?in:the su
burbs,'and in'turn hits wife insisted upon
having a '¦- young and t entertaining ? com
panion. Though she had, the pr.ospect of
much • company at Intervals, f ho , did not
"Driving down to the station this morn
ing with my little girl, a leaf dropped Into
our, carriage. It had on the under side
some queer little, red things, like tiny
eggs, rough to the touch. What were
they?" . *
The college girl explained the larvae
described ar.d the man of stocks and
bonds listened attentively. Then he asked
why certain leaves showed, one coloring
when the wind blew from the north and
another when It , blew from the south.
In fact.' he put the girl through a rapid
fire examination, watching her so narrow
ly that 'she 'thought, he was an authority
on botany.. As abruptly as he had opened
the. conversation he. closed It.
"I think you knpw what you are talk-\
ing about. I've never had time to study
leaves and flowers and outdoor life, -and
it annoys me .when my. children ask me
fool questions I cannot answer. Teach
'env all you know, but don't ram It in so
fast that theyUl tire of It. Make it play.
Will $25'a week and your board at our
place be i satisfactory? Very well. Good
morning.'" ' '
, i The I young- woman spent a delightful
summer, with servants at her command,
dainty -apartments and good living, sim
ply because she knew botany and pleased
the whim of a man who was willing to
pay the price for, having that whim grati
fied., The mother and father were away
much of the time and the girl was prac
tically the mistress of their beautiful
country home. :¦".'•
COMPANIONS TO PETTED WIVES.
" A Wellesley girl ln search of summer
employment was requested by a mutual
acquaintance to call upon a millionaire
noted for his Ironclad business methods
and a heart which was supposed to be as
hard.. As she entered his office he curtly
dismissed his stenographer and turned to
his caller, saying: .;
¦But the average self-sustaining college
girl is not satisfied with merely saving her
funds earned during the rest of the year,
an(} storing up strength to renew the
fight. She wants to sea a weekly stipend
coming in, and if any one Is willing to
.pay for the pleasure of her company dur
ing, the summer she is quite willing to
play the part of companion.
Busy, wealthy parents who desire their
children to expand mentally and physi
cally during the summer vacation and
perhaps to work on lines denied to them
during their childhood, prefer a college
girl to a French governess during the
summer! The French governess seldom
gets beyond book covers.
WORKING FOR A MILLIONAIRE.
Frequently girls of small incomes club
tcgether and camp out in the wooda of
Maine or other picturesque sections of
New England, living an outdoor life at
an extremely low figure and gaining
strength to take up "coaching" during
the opening months of the school term.
Even a chaperon Is dispensed with by
these strictly modern camping parties,
and they live as simply and frugally as
men do under similar circumstances.
CAMPING IN THE WOODS.
A New England girl has doubly solved
the problem of summer employment by
using both her newly acquired stock of
learning and her ancestral farm. The
latter Is a picturesque but barren hillside
in the heart of the Berkshlres with an
cld-fashioned, rambling house. Here she
gathered the .members of her summer
ciass for a month's work, combined de
lightfully with outdoor life. Her mother
acted as chaperon and- was a capable
housekeeper \ for the family of eight. A
neighbor's boy did the rough work and
tended the garden, which supplied' fresh
fruit and vegetables for the table.
Some of the pupils had their cycles, and
horses,could be hired at reasonable rates
from neighboring farmers. Fishing and
boating were enjoyed on a pond at the
foot of the hill and the woods abounded in
wild berrlea and "specimens.",' Certain
hours r were set aside, for studying and
reaching and nothing was allowed to In
terfere with the work, though Eienox was
.enticingly near.
When the first month was over, several
or" the girls decided to remain longer and
were Joined by other friends, and, though
"coaching" was abandoned, mother and
daughter made a substantial sum from
their summer boarders. This year they
will conduct, the summer school on a
larger scale and the- farm, which hitherto
had grudgingly yielded enough to pay
the taxes, will now help to put the girl
through college.
The member of a college or school fac
ulty whose daughter has failed or been
conditioned feels personally disgraced
and will make almost any sacrifice to
have her properly coached during the
summer. He does not coach her himself
for two reasons— first, because she may
have failed In a branch remotely removed
from the line he teaches, and, second,
because the student who has just passed
the examinations ln which hia daughter
failed Is up-to-date on the topic and
posted on "trick" questions.
CONDITIONAL STUDENTS.
The young woman who Is determined
to work her way through the four-year
college course regards . the summer vaca
tion as a vertitable harvest time; with
dollars for her crop. From the middle of
June until the middle of September she
executes those little triumphs of inge
nuity v/hieh Dave . the way for nine
months more at her beloved Institution
of learning. If she Is wise as well as in
genious, she has her plans made before
the college ' doors shut for the vacation
period.
Naturally, she first turns her attention
to lines of work ln which she can make
use of the learning acquired during the
past, term. One of the most popular
means of raising funds Is "coaching"
students in the same college who have
been "conditioned" or have failed utterly
ln their examinations. Strangely enough,
the majority of these summer pupils are
not drawn from the homes of the
wealthy; they are not girls whose Interest
ln social matters has Interfered with
their work, but children of college pro
fessors and educationists. Just as the
sons of Industrial magnates frequently
develop into most Irresponsible business
men, so the children of very learned men
show a singular inaptitude for the arts
and sciences.
With this approach of commencement
day the all-important Question .which
comes to the graduate is, "What shall I
wear?" The self-sustaining undergrad
ulate faces a more difficult, and serious
problem, "How can I support myself
through the vacation and lay aside some
thing toward my. expenses for next
term?"
Coaching Companions in Har
vest Fields, Orchards and
as Waitresses.
Begin Practica at Early Age
an(i Becbms Very Adept
in Its U3e.
Only Tribe' That Uses
the Boomerang in ,«
the Hunt.
How College Girls Work
to Pay for Educa
tion.
EARNING MONEY
DURING VACATION
PUEBLO INDIANS
OF SANTA CLARA
THE SAN ;O^^SSC^
31
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I&k STOMACH
The Bitters is the beot known
remedy for ¦ stomach ills. Having-
been before the public for 50 years
it has been llioroughly tested. -We
urge you to try it for Soiir Stom-
ach, Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Liver
and Kidney Ailments or Malaria;
Fever and Ague. . It always cures."
' '^¦.•'; ? AND j VaLISES 'AT-V V' */-
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES ,.
J..MARTY^22.TURK ST.
:.•}})" sFa'iiovy &26 Howard 6ti
?^^J &^ W^ 9 s le J°^ °^ t^ lc ' louse^°Wt f° r without
K^* tr*L wviL \&s? 1 no ! ia PP' ncss can e complete. How
Wffi *^^ y& g wect the picture of mother and babe,
SSrB*®SBF E9 angels smils at and commend the
f/fiifei fS &2\ EJ3 thoughts and aspirations of the mother
all % §nl %. bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
fc p E3 __ «3 which the expectant mother must pass, how-
«jJ^ u %^ ever ' s so u^ °^ danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every, woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth, can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable /all the parts, and _ _ _.,_— M M J^ «^1 :
great crisis in perfect safety
•value to all women sent free. Address |r Pa§ilip} B^ MM
ORADFIELD REGULATOR CO* Atlanta, fla- E3 iJ IS l§ E&& B tii BbS 7
I GREATER REDUCTIOMS THAN EVER I
j 01V' REMAINDER OF SUMMER STOCK OF f J
! CLOAKS, SUITS, JACKETS |
| PREVIOUS TO STOCK-TAKING. ©
[TWO WEEKS* SALE, COMMENCING MONDAY, 9a. m. •
j 9 REPRESENTATIVE BARGAINS. |
| SILK BLOUSE JACKETS, ri:hly trimmeJ, worth $12.50 ani |i$.oo— 2
j now. . . . . ;... . .:.. $4.45 and $4.95 #
I TAILOR SUITS, Etarnines, Broadcloths and MLx:d Cheviot^; allup-to- ©
> ...- date styles; 'regular $15, 120 and $30 values now . ......... -g
>^1, . ... .... .... ; ; . ¦•. .; .. .. $6.95, $8.45 and $12.45 g
[PEAUDBSOIE. and TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, Ml 'liswr shapesj ••
* elegan 1/ trimmed, regular 512, $15, Ji8an1 $20 qui.ity-now . ... .^#
> ......... . ...... .$4.95, $6.95, $7.45, $8.45' •
j SEE SPECIAL SUIT WINDOWS. g
! 1 142=1 146 MARKET STREET, J
|v . ('. ; T • Between Taylor and Mason. ....- ; .#
The above new building: Is to b« occu-
pied by Kelly & Licbes, 120 Kearny street.
Ihese gentlemen arc the oldest cloak and
suit merchants In San Francisco and have
established a reputation which they cer-
tainly must be proud of. They have an-
nounced a great removal sale next Mon-
day. Julv 6. From the way the gooda
have been .marked down the ladies of this
State will ions remember the effects of
this sale. •
ADVESTiarnyrETrra.
iMWHITpOUSp
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR/ .°
Children's Black Ribbed Cotton Hose 9?\P
] Light and heavyweights. Special'. :,.:.'.'.V..:. ,.... &Olj
Ladies' Black Cotton Hose 2 5 C
White soles ; also al! b'ack. Regularly 35c...'. ..:-'.. Z. lf^^^
Ladie^ Imported Black Lace Lisle Hose .'K f\ p
•; In tll-:ver lace effects a: d lace ankhs ; -larKe variety of designs \f
Ladies' Silk Embroidered Lisle Hosetflp: 7fvp i<B A .00
Large assortment of patterns ,. =
Ladies' Cotton and Lisle Vests \/\ fig / } " : T^Qp
Hand Crochet in several different designs- Special va!ue M ...u.. , w w V/
Ladies' Ribbed Cotton Corset Covers
Short sni long sleeves. Exceptional value......".........'.....- C/ V/O
Ladies' Combination Suits : ' - 'pi j (Rfjp
Sjumrr.e: weght ; low neck, no s'eeves ; white only:..^.......^';' \J\J\J
; Ladies' Span Silk Vests ~~ <£A .00
Plain and hand crochet yoke. SpeciaL ......... C|J X ==
Agents for Dr. Jaeger's Celebrated Sanitary Underwear.
Also Ramie Health
/ CoJr.Post8c Kearny Sts. j : .,
g*j^^^^^.\Y" * ' •ju *^»qßfioßß^^^^H^^B^^^^i rv- * t
»¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ """"ANY CAR IS -A] CAR FOR PATTOSIEWS'TT" T" ' .*
FV A "1 r/VC* I f~ &l 9 CV I S " supplement to this dd
P A I limir W S '" i0 - da y' s Chronicle, Man-
rrtl 1 VCJbLIVO day\s. Examiner and Yues-
day's Post and Bulletin.
GREAT SEMI-ANNUAL l — ~ — ~~
' • *• •¦ ' .• \- ¦'.: : "\ * — • ¦ '
The power of 'cash is great, "wonderful, but irnevcr had the force to get the most of good
Furniture and Carpets -|hat it has this week; a* Pattosicn's.
• .... Stock-taking is completed t and 'now throughout, thc^entire" store the odd pieces of Parlor, Bed-
room, Dining-room Furniture, short ends of Carpets, odd pairs of Curtains, Portieres, etc., will ;be
spld at their actual cost. - , ¦.:¦¦.
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IS .TO BE RESERVED.
r^z^ff^^lb -'ODDS : Z< ENDS ODD BARGAINS
i&i&m0£Zfflr DINING RdOIM. F0RTHE BEDROOM.
Wr**^ •~j*ir~ *— - m^ ' * '•* * r r . • « . There are one and two. sometimes
{£J«»--. 1. 1 1 1 1 *slul ' ,'i 'i -^ffy i »C Special OppOrtUlll- . three of these, but no more. ¦
'^ =§rdrabaVK H'p« liprp this ,vppI- romp to S3 ° 3 " PIE CE WHITE MAPLE
V^(C7^ f^ — -ft '- ies lieie LlllS \\eCK COniC IU SUIT, dresser, glass beveled
Mr/Air" "¦ ¦¦"¦ W/ M^&m the housekeeper only at : dKe :.? 8x24 ;;::;:;::;...^21.75
\rt*fti.;\f ySS&Kv PATTOSIEN ? S and only ** 8 3-prEOE golden oax
«3»Ikh »"-"¦ W WWAl rs\iLKJJii^x\ o, itiu uiuy SUIT, with heavy carvings;
v»fl '/V!l ' il 1 * t"A at-tlii^ tinip ¦ ' Bwell front dresser, French plate
\Jj •*\ i |/> ; vV ' SS3\ *^' '¦• -"*V^C" mirror, 24x30 SS5 'SO
poT^Tfi; ; - '¦•¦' w/li*/ SIDEBOARDS. $150 2-piece bibs sets
Wv$±i*Z<*-r^Li- *%!k '-* 40 Patterns '-- : SiiG 00 SS^S^i^^l^SSSk
Kit yl^i^^^^^^r^-^^LX I—$50 Sideboard 1 ... «5 7."» mirror. 3*x« <&lll flfl
rg V~ ¦ 1 -ii-r~i '¦.•\_j2L5Sy l-W0 Pattern •...-:..' SO OO <?III|UU
i^TTTDli^ s ?ygff?^L^ l "i>7^Pn -t:= styles'..:..:::. 18 no S"- 5 *!: solid oak
<Tf55%*>^£ ' ¦ *p • *7 - ,,, ,, , >- '"¦ .: 1- ,,. k STT*T, full swell front dresser,
i\ : ?fc c :£^3P VJ§?S <3 ¦ .'¦• 15 OO prench pIate Kl « s< §45 # QQ
I 1 [ t."' ""-^J/^^^- „ "" '3 ,"• ; • BUr.lt I O. $225 3-PIECE QUARTERED
fe,'S^i 'iSi '^5 I 2-J1S Patterns .....S13 50 0AK T0H.ET SUIT, colonial
I g^^'^^SX^- ~^£^ i5^>5: . --J40 Buffets ............. JS 50 frcnt d re«s«r, 56 CI77 CS{\
|*SS£1 ' ' 1c^^^^^Sr»g--£j l> 1-855 Weather.Oak:' IS OO inches wide Oil l.OU
T^^SV ij . 1—J130 Grand .Buffet' ....1O."» OO hDPCCFDC
f- ViJ^^^Bl^:—^-iil &' 2-?iea Designs -:;...' 83 00 . DKtbbtK^.
.V l*^E^*¥&it W VVtt^lr-^rv'' vi Auitill ¦ : ' ni'/tOCTC $12.50 shapely goWen oak with bev-
v few^^-v''' Vj • -¦ CHIN A v-.. CLOSETS. e!«d **** mirror $9.25
i*^^ralp3r <^— ( W' Z ~™ BWCH Fr ° nt *~ ; °° '¦*M.wV."rVe < .ha^""cftK CZ(\
\\ fp_' §tM 'I 'hff .; l-*75, Full MJrror, Back. 55 50 fflass. mahopany.... OOO.OU
5* Vt^srr-zSSa iji Lo^-'v >l -1 /JjA 1— $100 Serpeatihe Glass. 75 OO $W.0O mahogany.
Q iP^S^§^^^^ : ffi§ 2 ~ K '° Canopy Top -- 2° S f g ro a n s t:.. fu . u . $34.00
- 3p SO'., 1-S37 50 Routed Sides.... 24- GO ' Jo widen .*ort. '• ¦
• *>> 8Tr** 2— $22 CO Now* go at 16 5O heavy oval glass C>lCr PZf\
.• qi^ and swell front <r>TrO»«Jvf
O - - EXTENSION TABLES. $30 maple French Plat© oval glass.
S ? *.O> Value 25 2-$20 Round Tables .... .»12 50 621.75
fbr " 1-127 50 Square, now-,. 10 50 r nin ,, P DPno
THIS SIDEBOARD— A real bargain— fine 2-123 Round, at 35 OO lULUINO Dtlld.
quartered oak — large lockers in base — ser- l — $45 Square, now... no OO Only On* of Each Ked.
pectXDe front drawers-rich carvings— French' 3-$12 Round/only 7 5O Mo Sed for *1S f.io n^ Jor *4of»o
plate beveled glass. 16x28 — base is 22x45. 2—515 Square, at O OO $03 Bed for $75 Bed for £33.00
DRAPERY BARGAINS. Odds and Ends in Metal Beds.
(Fcr This Week Only.) These and shout a dozen more wh»re there are only one and two of a
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. P.uem a « P n wd tm« w« k «t ct.
Ml -' virdOon- an<1 full width thr *S.RO Bed eoea this week for £5.13 $ 25.C0 All Brass, this week. ?1T..(H>
All o.i jards lon« and full width — the 4 .5O B«i goes thl. week for *2-%O . .-tf.no All Krass. this week/ 832..1O
very newest ideas for l'JOZ. at last seasons „,, m B^, \ oea lhis week for js J2 .o<> Tr.,00 All Bran, this week. *r,«/J;5
low figures. v ::0.«O Bed goes this week for U18.5O 11O.<K> All Brass, this we*k S7n.o«>
125 pairs made to sell at $1.25 — s P e 'C|2^C 6 "-50 Bed goes this week r?r .<»l.o:^ 140 00 All Bras*, this week'. $07.00
p£%££5 "«.;: aV ««.-•,„•«., 75 ODD PARLOR PIECES, (ft- ' i*j " L"';"L« ""
XOO pairs that would sell easily at Qo f\(\ Dar Sa.n5 in Una &UHS. -* !¦ '"•* V«lo«r
jC 73— vour choice at only «£O#W $175 3-picce mahogany. I «\ OlO AA
ARABIAN L4CE CURTAINS. | 1\ SI2l0l)
Be&Dtlfmly corded. Newest d^sisns. finish frame fine-cllk ta- l> B
100 pairs of 54.T.O Curta.flt8 at S3.oO p'-strj' cover l«:t2.OO IB * 9 \ 1
tc,r\ pairs of $"...'.'> Curtainfi at S4.00 ff.n mu?5i\f ;.-x.if.p n .n- O, K^L
400 pairs of Jfi.W Curtains at $4.50 ho S «ny finish. brocade-! 5»\ l " \ » s »r^^2\ X
•TO pairs of $7.50 Out tatr.s :it .': S5.00 vcI «f ..*4H..»O i&*h \ ft ft ¦ ""'^BC\ J
100 pairs of $10.00 Out ta'.r.s at S6.75 DaVCHDOrtS PS*/ >'a?2 €g I
A id SS£*fZ XcJSFS'nZSFiZ* m :"!~™ #^ [^ffiaaa^aBa fT
per yard «-* w 545 Fine Figured vViour. — 1 p. l^ l '"r3H^?4»»^ l\\
OB LUIHL IWVl» KHLVLVi port, fine pprings ifci' & * •flSK** • •* IM *Jffl
If we had !arg#- quantities of these rups. ,.V' r ' trrny low-rmm^ ! w^T* ¦Wfe] I
lh , prjres could never be quoted. R^ir;; n,],\ \"Iogr Cover *M -.J^J j/*~ -. -3g! I
rugs these prices are made while, they last: Odd Couches SacrlHccd.' &Jn S^-- -..- " r^ r^£i I
SaSTHSTA, f, feet hy 9 feet. $22.50C| # 7 9c 2 $25 touches at.. .*WJT,i* ff >. K5» "' .^M '/
val-jr this week <P ' ' •' 6 *' 1 W.MiCnuch it..f2l.iw» / Y &*» — — "^ | 1
SMTKKA. 9 feet by 12 foet, $30.00525.50 S W oSffi &£ff 2£u j * ! fei
valj-. this week 2 $22 fiO Couches it it 4 JSO • j Tattw»i«f« rmtnmtw' ¦
value HOB week r ! ViVrSat ill!'"!! ffl thoroush workmanship. IU
AXKIITSTEB, ?xi: feet. $30 value.C'JA 7*5 i ?3.'. Courh at....*>22.*OO >P A f " 5 value -
this week 2 fis Couches at.^ll'.'u Vzr-
AXMIN5TEB, 3x6 feet.. $5.00. value. C^ 75
is^:^:^"!- L p dei,'°' p fijTnssFM nn «¦
sictbsa. 3 fret by 6 feet, $4.73 c -> 2S thcNiisslong ffi 0 I %l I En 1 a w %ff I Streets
\alue, this week .- ., ...A singular strike of priests, has. taken
place at a friary at Lisbon/ Three priests,
members of 'a. religious 'Congregatlon,
were suspended, whereupon ". others, .in
sympathy with them, declined to act till
their colleagues : were pardoned. Their
superiors are much embarrassed and the
difficulty. ; has not yet* been solved." - -
' Our printing advertises '•>¦•¦ our cjmom«rs
stay with u». Mysell-Rotllns.22 Clay.Maln 5C51*
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. R. Z. Schlmper of St. Paul is w at the
Occidental. \ .
1 Paul A. Brizard, a merchant of Phoe
nix, is at tho Lick.' •
Dr. Alfred H." Byers of Madcra Is regis
tered at the Palace. '
P.' Klmmul,' a merchant of Yokohama,
is at , the Occidental. -. _ ; '
: ' C. D. Hazzard.. a mining man of Quihcy,
is stopping at the Occidental. ¦ •
.Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Hendeyx of Loa
Angeles are guests at the Palace. -
Vr.' W.llHarn F. James :of , the United
States Marine' Hospital ', Service arrived
yesterday from San Antonio. Tex., arid la
registered at the Occidental.
-Cornello Escobar, ii merchant of Cham
pcrlco.' and Francisco- Ulloa.u a I cofteo"
p'anter of . Salvador, '-who \niakB ''yearly
trips. to T this city,. are; at the Occidental.-
The family reunion and picnic of the
local lodges of the Knights of Honor at
El Campo/ yesterday was attended by
about 800 people, who had a pleasant out-
Ing, deepite a sharp breeze that . pre
vailed. There were dancing, .races and
lunching under the trees. The winners of.
the several races and those who came in
second -were: First race — W. Gordon, Earl
Hardslcy; second— Rayde Folay, .Daisy
Daniels; third— Raymond Bell, 8.-Living
ston; fourth— Clara Apgar, Esther Guis
berg; fifth— George Kramer, William Aus
tin; sixth— Clara Apgar. Edith " Vain
Buren; roventh— Daniel Livingston, Ella
Brodie; eighth— Esther Gulsberg, Maud
Livingston.
The affair was conducted under the di
rection of Thomas Learned, R. A. A. Sum
mers, Thomas Johnstone, B. E. George,
Charles Lampc, P. J. Smith, George F.
Durning. H. A. Graff. C. Maguire, ' A.
Petrie, Thomas Bllllngslea, C. W. "Apgar,
R. J. Sands. J. J. Beran, I. Morris. D.
Hurst. J. ,K. Sellman, A. Sellg, F. • M.
Savage, J. D. Manken, F. F. Wedeklnd,
C. R. White and George Muller. "
Members of the San Francisco Lodges
and Friends Visit El Campo.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR OUTING.
For the first time in the history of our
Government the. imports have exceeded a
billion dollar In a year. The exports are
about ' $1,400,000,000.
Charles C. Moore & Co., engineers, and
the Babcook & Wllcox Co. have removed
their offices from 22 First street to No.
C3 First street, corner Mission.' •
Professor Henry S. Graves, director of
the Yale School of Forestry, haa prone
abroad for tho purpose of making special
studies for the methods of scientific for
estry on the continent. He will visit the
forestry schools and museums In Ger
many, Austria, Hungary and France.
The importations of Moet & Chandon
champagnes, . "%Vhlte Seal" and "Brut
Imperial," since January 1, 1903, havo
reached the unparalleled figure of 6rt,978
cases, an increase over last year of 17,807
cases.
Moet & Chandon Leads in Importa
tions.
The arrangements committee was com
posed of Daniel FlUpatrick, chairman;
Thomas E^ Dunning, recording secretary;
David Barry, vice president; James J.
Barry, financial secretary.-and M./H. Me-
Caffcrty, treasurer. D. Fltzpatrick was
chairman of the day and Richard J. Cur
tln lield secretary. . . '<.-;;."
Following were the lucky contestants:
Race . for boys between 8 and 10 years —
First prize, .«2. won by J. McDonald.,
Race for girls between K and 1O years— First
prize, ?2, won by Josephine McGuire.
Race' for boys between 10 and 14 ¦ years —
First prise. 82. won by Mcrrls Mensor.
Race for girls between 10 and 14 years — ¦
First prUe. *2, won by Nel!ie Coleman.
Uace for boys between ' It and IS years —
First prize. S2. won by C. Strain.
Race for girls . between 11 and . IS years-
First prize, *2, won by Ml*s Lizzie Dooley.
Young ladles' race.' open to all — First prize,
$5. won by Mies Delia Ryan." 'J
Married men's race— First prixr, $5, won by
Joe Sullivan. . ' ¦• -. • •
' Married ladies" race — First prize, (3. won by.
Mra. Nellie Sheehan. -
Ladles' Auxiliary— First r rise, silver dish,
won by Miss M. A. Finn.
young men's rac«, open to all — First prize,
$5. won by R. McNally.
440- yard race, professional— First prize. . $3,
won by J. Halnes.
100-yard dash — Gold and silver medal, value
$10. won by P. G. Corcoran.
¦ 220-yard race — Gold and silver medals, value
$10. won by P. G. Corcoran. .
440-yard race— Gold and sliver medals, value
$10. won by Noah Gyle. -' . :
One-mile race — C5old*and «i!ver medals, value
$10, won by .William Spencer.
A high jump — Gold and stiver medals, valuo.
$10, won by R. E. C»<chran. _ , : . . .
A hop, step and Jump— GoUl and silver med
als, value $10, won by R, K. Coclir»n.
. A broad jump — Gold and stiver medals,' valu»
$10. won by R. E. Cocfcran. .
Putting- l«-pound shot — Gold and silver med
als.', value ?1O, won by Victor L.tgda. - .
Michael Lynch, one of the contestants*
in the mile race, collapsed just- at the
finish and had to be carried from the
field. Restoratives were applied ; and . he
recovert-d fully before the day was over.
Ten thousand- people celebrated the
Fourth by attending the eighth annual
picnic of the Ancient Order of Hibernians
at Schuetzen Park. The weather was per
fect and young and old entered with
great gusto into all the various sports the
committees in charge had provided. The
dancing pavilion was packed nlmost to
suffocation. Perfect order prevailed and
nothlns occurred In any way to mar the
festivity of the occasion excepting the
collapse of one. of the contestants ¦ In a
race, and h« was soon around again. .
Although th\ crowd was great every
thing was so aumlrably arranged that all
the events passed off like clockwork, and
there was no confusion. Those who did not
join In the athletic sports found plenty of
amusement in the merry-go-rounds,
games of chance, target shooting, throw
ing at the "nigger" babies and other di
versions. .-
Ten Thousand People Enjoy Day at
Schuetzen Park.
HIBEBNIAN PICNIC.
Having sold my business at Eastland.
Mill Valley. I shall hereafter devote my
entire sticntion to the family coffee and
tea trade »jiast forty years in San Fran
<-isco). thinking I can please all lovers of
the bevr-rase and hoping to have a trial
ordtr. • 1 remain, yours respectfully.
WHKELER MARTIN,
Depot and factory, 213 and 215 Mission st.»
Liverpool has drridrd to try the sug
gestion nT its City Kngineer to build work
men's dwellings with concrete slabs _made
from dust dei-truetor clinkers.
\\ eaken eyes and cause inflammation and
redness. Murine Eye Remedy restores and
strengthens. Cures all eye diseases,
doesn't smart, soothes eye pain. An aid
to those wearing glasses. Sold by drug
gists and opticians. •
PAf-O ALTO. July 4.— Marshall Black, no
tary public and Ftate Assemblyman from this
•Jif-triot. ha« been appointed 'by the Huperior
• 'ourt of Fo'.ta Clara County to take the depo
sitions of wltnesff-B In the case of Hopkins
*;ralnst Mull'-n. This <k the suit brought by
Timothy Hopkins for the recovery of land sold
torn* years aco to Peter Mullen, who is ac
.-used of having connived at the sale of liquor
oo the place.
The Fortieth Assembly United Re
publican League Club will hold a
smoker and n . regular meetfhg at
Franklin Hall.. Fillmore street, between
Pine and Bush, on Wednesday evening,
July 15. , The club has secured^ perma
nent headquarters at the northeast cor
ner of Post and Fillmore. streets and
has an enrolled membership of more,
than 700 voters. Henry Acti is presi
dent and William Gllohrist is secretary.
Republican Club to Hold Smoker.
The bride-elect is a pretty brunette with
a charming personality. She is a grad
uate of St. Rose's Academy in this city
and has a decided gift for music, being
particularly fond of the cornet.
Mr. Costello was educated at Santa
Clara College and has lived for many
years in the West." He is an unusually
bright man and enjoys popularity In
business and social circles. •
The. latest engagement of interest is
that of M!ss Mary G. Welsh and Rich
ard W. Coftello. The bride-elect is tho
daughter of T. J. Welsh, the. well known
architect, and the happy man is tho eld
est son of William Costello, vice presi
dent of the firm of O'Connor, Moffatt &
Co. The is a director and
active member of the same firm. The
engagement has been a profound secret
for some time, the announcement having
been withheld because of the absence of
the father of the bride-to-be from the.
city. The in^w-s is now made public. and
It is definitely settled that the wedding
will take place on August i>.
The marriage will be celebrated in Holy
Cross Cliurch and will be a very pretty
affalr. The reception for relatives will
be held afc_ the home of the- bride's
parents, 1215 Golden Gate avenue. The
couple will re?lde in San Francisco, ow
ing to the groom's business interests
here. x
Swiss Admission Day.
T*.ie Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor
•ff Trinity _Methodigt Church, -corner of
Marled arsd Sixteenth street??, will cele
brate to-d?y the thirty-fifth anniversary
of his ordination to Uio ministry.
lie. ¦was 13 years of age when lie
preached his first sermon, in Sharps
town. Md., on July 5. 1SSR. He has
« hosf-n for his subject to-day "Tli^n and
Now.'' TJie mupica.1 portion of the ser
vices will l>» rendered by the celebrated
l>Wnd singers from Philadelphia. who
¦wjll add interest to ine occasion by
their sweet songs.
LAUZENNE. Switzerland, July 4.— The
<~»ntpjiiir}- of the admisfioij of the canton
uf Vaud Into the Swiss Confederation was
relopratcd to-day with a banquet and pro
cession. All the high Swiss officials took
part In th«» celebration, a remarkable fea
ture of which was an opon-air perform
ance of an aJlegorical play illustrating
the history of Vaud. Twenty thousand
persons witnessed the play, in which
there was 2600 performers more than 100
horses and fifteen chariots.
California Sun, Wind and Dust
Will Celebrate Anniversary.
Ferguson. John R<ws. Thomas Morton, Al«x
ander. Nicholson. Jfinos Gray. Fet»r Riddle.
Jam*» Tolloek, Chatl"*» McDonald. Hob*rt .V
Uterarj' commlttfe— M. S. Morrison <ehalr
rnan>. Georg^v^ Patersen. Atexan-ler Nichol
son. John TCotivBoUUi.-V. lUntoul- .. '
FJnanrc-commtttee^-^Rotxtrt O. • Mcrn»rson,
R«lUn U%R»nt«iI. wnjlam Murray. .
¦ Fln»nc« Commltte* on games^John A. Han
nay. 1 William Oryrtal.' John H. McGregor.
Slrjc commits-— Oeorse W. Mln>r. TMlllam
Georse W. Paterson.'' . -
flub piper— Edward Ross. - , '.
Official starter— John Donaldson. . -
Floor .manager— Rollln I* Rintoul; assistant
floor manager— WaU-r C. Campbell. -, : y ;
FJoor commltte-— A. McK«y, W. Hooeyman.
J. McQueen, J. Robertson. ; •" ~ „¦ ¦'
ENGAGEMENT
OF INTEREST
ANNOUNCED
Now for the Rush.
Kelly- &I,iebes. 120 Kearny street.- who
have been in business "for 27 yearsi and.
by tha wav, the oldest cloak and suit
hou5e in' San ; Krancl5eo.' have made all
last wcekgre"nt preparations for their re
moval sale. The entire force of sa)?sla
dl<s,s wiere busy mnrking down pricta.for
the big rush whlrh is sure to be on 'hand
to-morrow.- at 9:30 a. m.. when the eale
will commence. Every article must : be
sold before m.ovlng into their new five
story bvildlne. which will be. one of the
finest and largest west of Chicago. •
First United Presbyterian — Morning.
"Race Unity and It3 Lossons"; evening,
"The Divine Philosophy of Human His
tory": by Rev. George McCormack.
In the. morning at the last mass in St.
Ignatius Church a sermon will be dc
llverftd by one of. the fathers. In the
evening there will be vespers and preach
ing.
Third Congregational— Morning, "Pen
lel"; evening, "A Message From an An
cient Optimist." Pastor. Rev. George do
Kay.
First Congregational— Morning, "How
Shall We Escape?"; evening, ."Th<^
Strength of the Hills." Pastor, Rev.
George C. Adams.
Miss Lucy Laney, principal of the
Halnes Memorial School. Augusta. Ga.,
will tpeak at Trinity Presbyterian Church
this morning. In the evening 6he will ad
dress the congregation at the First Pres
byterian Church.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"Echoes From the Baltimore Conven
tion." by Dr. Burnett;, evening. "The
Heritage of the Saints." rastor, Rev. E.
Nelander.
Errianuel Evangelical— Morning. "Who
Is Christ?"; evening, . "National Dangers
and Guards." Pastor. Rev. F. "vv*. Fischer.
A novel service will be held a^ the
Toung Men's Christian Association this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Ufford
of Massachusetts, who is touring the
world, will give his farewell service, «s
lie sails this week for the Orient. Mr.MJf
ford is the author of the beautiful hymn,
"Throw. Out the Life IJne," which has
become^so^popular in religious circles. He
will sing the song and Illustrate it by life
saving apparatus.. All seats In the hall
will be free to men.' . ¦¦
Services at the churches to-day will be
as follows: . ' . - .
NOVEL SERVICE TO BE
GIVEN AT Y. M. C. A.
Rev. 'Mr. Ufford Will Deliver Il
lustrated Address Before an
Audience of Men.
COLUMBIA, S. C, July 5.— Owing to
threats made by negroes at Norway, S.
C, to avenge the lynching of Charles
there, a battalion of State militia,
ordered to* Norway on a special train,
left for there at 1:15 o'clock this (Sunday)
morning.
It is reported that large forces of ne
groes have' surrounded the town, which
has 200 Inhabitants, and are threatening
to/flestroy the place, which is helpless.
The cause of tho alleged threats of the
negroes was the lynching of Charles
Evans In that place. last week for the
murder of an old soldier.
¦• Reception committee — William fihepherd
(chairman). Alexander fjtrang, David • Don
ald, i Alexander Gordon, Alexander Car
llKle, John Donaldsion. . Alexander King, Hugh
Fraser, William .Murray, David Young, John
" Throwing the Jolly bar— U. J. C. McAllister
won J. A. Cameron second. E. McGorvin third.
Distance, 35 feet U Inches.
The following officers and committees
had charge of the annual gathering:
Royal chief. Georg? W\ Miller: chieftain.
William Shepherd: recorder. 'Jeorgp W.,Pater
son; treasurer, John Ross: financial secretary,
James Tod: sergeant- at arms, George ¦ Dow;
property man and librarian, John W. David
son.
Trustees — Robert H. Murray. Walter C.
Campbell, Thomas Christie.
Games committee— George W. Miller fchair
man). George VV. Paterson (secretary), William
Rhepherd, John Donaldson. John Ross, John A.
Hannny, James Tod, John H. Mclnnes, Wil
liam Crystal, John H. McGregor.
Past royal chiefs— Henry P. Christie. An
drew Foreman, James R. Watson, William A.
Dawson. John t>. Coulie. Hugh Fraser, George
W. Miller, John Ross. 1'Jr. Dougald McMillan^
Donald, G. C. McKay, James Niven, John H.
Mclnnes. .
Irish jig and reel — 1-fzzIe Murray and D.
Williamson won. F. McKay and M. Bowes sec
ond. Eddie Dougherty ami Meda Thornton
third. ' .
Three-l?KEed race— J, Murphy and ,U. Sulli
van won. H. AVilllams and F. Hayes second.
R. Rintoul and R. H. Murray third. ,,
Sack race — G. W. Smith won. ' P. ' McDon
ough second II. Noble third.
Throwing, plying hammer— J. A. Cameron
won. R. McAllister second, J. Gosnell third.
Tiistaiic. G" teet.
Sailor's hornpipe in costume — R. . Ttintoul
won. P. Forrest second. V. Williamson third
Hurdle race — M. W. Beck won, M. McDon
oiiRh second. H. Williams third.
Race once around trark — M. V.'. Berk won.
R. B. Ross second, A. McCaw and F. Hayes
third.
Raoo for nctlvf> members--R. P. Ross won,
R. H. Murray shroud/ IJ. Rlntoul third.- rt*
R«>el O'Tulloch. for m»>n in costums— A Mc-
Caw won. It.^McP. Murray second EdRosi
third. -'^Mi-^-^'-'-.'f ¦ '.I ¦ ¦¦'.¦•J*£ i / .: -
Young ladles' .'rare— Margery HamiHon'won;
'Lilian Derrian' second.- , : Jtelen Kelly third. ;
¦"¦- Married ladles' race-^Mr?.. M. Alme won.
Mrs. Alice Johnson t.econd, .Mrs. P. KronnScli
third. * ¦¦.;-.. . ; . -. • _-. .
Bicycle race, two inll*s — F. Cooper T»on, G.
Farrell second. C. Ross third. • - . " .
Grand Highland reel, for men in costume —
R. McO. won) Adam Ross second- J.
McKenzle/Nhlrdi.. - •,-.'.-•;"- ¦' '¦ ,
¦' Old men'* raoe — Krodie Ft. John won, C
Douglas ft-cond, A. Rowers third.
Kword dance— A. • Rr*» won. R.- McP. Murray
second; Ed' Ross third. , -
Kt-st dressed man In plain Highland costumi
— J. McDonald ¦ first ' prize . Tt. v McD. Murray
second. D. McRae third. •,¦¦: ' - <
I "50 yard dash— H.. Templeton won, 1 F Bur
gess second. Victor Ugda third.
Highland fling, men in costume— Bd Ross
•u-on. R. McD. Murray second. J McKtnzi©
third.
Host dressed man In full Highland costume
—Neil Lindsay first prize H. Fraser second
W. P. Grant third. . • '¦
Half-mile race — H. Templeton won, Fred
Burgens >«<ctind. K J. Kagan third. : •
Hoys' race — Don Daley wwi, P. Forrest sec
ond. P. McDonough third.
fJIrlfi' race — Mary Marks won. Km ma Kinc
second. Mary Tenmebaum third.
H^Rt dressed boy in Highland costume — R.
Freudenthal first r r * Jp . « James Trevethicks
aeoond. P. Forrest third.
In the evening,: the display of fireworks
was particularly fine. More than four
teen set pieces, were presented and mor
tars threw .bursting bombs.! high in the
air and vari-colored balls of fire shot me
teor-like across the night-darkened sky. s
The only accident of note was that suf
fered by John King's son. The lad fell
through an opening in the grand stand
and suffered bruises and 'sprained limbs.
The committees in charge of the outing
did splendid work and the events wer«
brought off in Kood style.
The winners of prizts follow:
. Quoits— R. McQueon won, J. McMenomy
second. J. Connell third, distance. 03 feet.
Kunnln* lilgh l*ap— II. Maas won T Car
roll second, R. Shand tUIrfl. " "
..Standing hlgrh l^ap— J,. Murphy won, J. A.
Cameron second. T., Carroll- third.
rutting li^avy stone— D. ' R/ Campbell won,
T <*rroH second. J. J. Cameron third.
riittlnjf light stone — J. J. Cameron won J.
A. f ameron. pecond.- Kd Ross third.
Throwing heavy hammer— D. R. Campbell
M '°£l T , CarT ° n second. J. J. Cameron third.
Jhrowln?: llafht hammer— J. J. Cameron won
J. A. Cameron second. Ed Ros* third.
Hop. gtep and Jumn— M. W. Esck won. J.
Murphy second. M. McDonough third
Tosslnsr the cab»r— D. R. Campbell won. J.
J. (. ameron second. T. Carroll third
Vaulting with pol*— Victor IJgda won. U.
Shepman second, H. Templeton thlifl -¦•
Football dribbling race— R. Sband'won T.
M-don second. J. Smllis third
The zames, as usual, were the attrac
tion of the day. .Thousands of people
crowded the erand stands and watched
the athletes strive for prizes. The races
were highly exciting. There was dancing
by the kilted laddies ' and laesles. The
judges were impartial in: their decisions.
The applause that greeted the contestant*
repaid them when there were not enough
prizes to bo around.
Kilted laridies and bonnte lassies danced
and made merry at the twenty-second an
nual gathering and games of the San
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Fully 10,000 peo
ple attended the outing and watched th«
gayly attired. Scotch people enjoy them
selves. They joined heartily in the pleas
ures of the day and^also had an agree
able time. , Had the dancing pavilion been
twice its size it could not have accommo
dated the hundreds who tripped over the
waxed floor to the inspiring airs of a brass
band. „ .
Negroes Threaten to Avenge
the Lynching of a
Murderer.
Ten - Thousand Merrymakers
Participate in Events
of the Day. '
South Carolina Troops
Are Hurried to the
Scene.
Contest for Trophies on
the Field and in
Pavilion.
MOB OF BLACKS
SURROUNDS TOWN
SCOTLAND'S SONS
AT SHELL MOUND
THE SAN KB AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JULY 5, 1903.
Trapper'tiCHl cures rheumatism and neuralsla.
DrussUts. 30c flask. Richard JL. Co.. iOi cUv. •
32
ADVERTISEMENTS. , '
Kaufmann specials arc for good shoes and Rood shoes only, the •
kind that; most people like to, wear and keep on wearing.
} Of course avc l}ave cut prices. This is the dull season of the year
and we propose to liven up our business even if business in general is
dull, and our prices and Rood. shoes will 'surel}' make things huin at
••Kaufmann's this week. I
,™ Remember "that you must conic before Saturday, nipht.' * ¦
Ladles' Fine Kid Oxfords, hand-turned. -light soles, patent: tips, all sizes and
| widths; for the entire week... ...... . •••81.80
i LAdtefi'. Patent- Leather Oxfords, hand-turned, medium high French
I Jieels : :'.... . ...........¦..................; :^.15
I Laird. Schober & Co.'s tan CalPLace Shoes; line" light hand-tiirned soles. '
i some with high Cuban, others with high French hesls; also tan Calf Button
| .-Shoes, with, extension' soles; not ajl sizes In any of these; former price $6 (XV
r during the week v. r:. .7. .. ... ...... . . ......:.'. . . .;-;.. . .$2.85
Indies' Whlto Canvas Lace Shoes and Oxford T'.es; slightly extended sole*-
• sold for 52.00: during the week....... .'.J^.. ..;. .........$1.40
Misses* and 'Children's Box ";Calf Lacf. Shoes, 'fine light material, '.with fa'lrly
,1 stout soles extended; dull leather tops and a splendid wearer— 3
J Sizes 5 to 8..O3C; Sizes -8^ to ll...#1.13 Sizes 11%\ to 5.. ..$1.33 J
" Youths'* and Boys' tan Calf -Lace Shpes, first-class in '.every way— ¦ ~ •. ' e
\, Sizes 13 to 2...... .91.80 -Sizes 2«/4to 5«i. .....'*2.O.% %
. . :¦: J _. - ¦ Little .Boys' Box Calf Oxfords, extend- ' .
. m -fC^fWl A |lW ? 0(1 hand-wcllod .«o1ph, during the '
*f Allr 1 Ifl Eyiivir^ week- . . .
¦A IXU* *^V*XniV Slzos 10 to 1.1... SI. ({.-.-formerly S2.M i
JV^832 MARKETS *O '
•••"¦ ¦-'" :". 'i." > i—^ 1 -' • , -." or Enamel or tan Russia, all $3.50 reg-
fwA^iwi'*- 1 J^(^'ni4r%/ <^^' uIar »?" ods . il » excellent .vulu« at the .
OSBIbO regular price, for tho next wpek.... '
• BACWAY TBAVZL :¦ — ,_
SPECIAISALE
' ; W ' : V : ¦ ' , " y -i-' ' ~'l '".i~
Striped ' Jt^ Checked
/ • .. - - .-¦ _.. -
AtLcssThan HALF PRICE
On MondaUi Julu 6th, and durina wesk
following, we. will Dlace on SPECIAL SALE
about 5000 YARDS OF TfllS SEASON'S
LATEST STYLE: OF SILKS, suitable for tie
DODUlar shirt-waist suits. These silks are in j
a varietu of colorings, including Black and
White, Navu and White, Brown and White,.
| Green, and .White, etc., with Colored Satin
StriDss, and we shall j offer -them for sale at •
the unusuallu low Drice of
60c per yardi
Regiilarlu sold at $1,25 uar^
Will also Dlace on sale 750 dozen Ladles'
Sheer Linen Hemstilched arid Initialed Hand-
kerchiefs at 60c Der half dozen. Regular
Yalue $2,00 dozen. Sold onlu in half dozen
ill; 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
' " ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.-* .
Marks Bros.' First Clearance
I — — S A JU;E^^'
Begins To-Morrow
Prices of Goods in All \/ -g-^v //
Departments Reduced From /3 /2
WILL MENTION JUST A FEW OF THE THINGS
WE'VE PUT THE PRICE KNIFE INTO
Dress and_ Walking Women's Waists Knit Underwear
QL-tffe- Soc Waists — sale price 30c
OA7/T5. 65c Waists — sale price 3*>c Light and Medium Weight.
In Serges. Mohair*. SJctlicns. Etc. 69c Waists — sale price... .42c '
$-.75 Skirts— sale price. .*1-S5 - 5C Waists— sale price 45c 15c Vests selling. at .»9
Svoo Skirts— sale price, .^-.-o $1.00 Waists— sale price 09c 20c Vests selling at ••|p c
$X25 Skirts— sale price.. $2.40 All our $4.00 Silk- 0n 7/T 25c Vests selling at lj>«
$\.5O Skirts— sale priccll*2.65 Waists on sale. ... Vl'/V 35c- Vests selling at -^c
$4! so Skirts— sale price.. $2.00 AH our $6.00 Silk tfQ fl/T 65c Vests selling at 4?>c
$^.00 Skirls— sale price.. $3.25 Waists on , sale *O.VO $1.00 Vests selling at. ......«?»«
— A1 , our bet _ ter g ra des cotton and $i-SO Vests selhng.at. . . . . . .»»c
Summer Outing & Underskirts silk waists proportionately re- Pants to match any from 15c up-
In Crash Linen, Duck and Pique. duced. . .' ward. _ / • -; '
65c Skirts on sale 30c -"•
S1.00 Skirts on sale <J5c -^ -¦¦ ¦""¦™ "^^" b-b^ « .
Women's Wrappers Women' sand Children's
T5c Wrappers selling at... 48c^ . Hosiery
98c Wrappers selling at...74c % c Hosierv sc lHng at 1Oc
. Muslin Underwear \\H JKSJjfS §&£ «i ?? 2OC Hosicr >' sdIi "g at • •' : : " 2^ c
,oc Ni.ht Gowns 39e *-5Q Wyppcr* selhng at.gl.lg 25C H osicry selling at 1 5e
6sc Night Gowns 40c i i 3oc Hosicry selling a I.Sc
$1.00 Night Gowns '....GSc „... , ' , „. . 35c Hosiery selling at -3c
Children s Gingham '
20c Drawers il»c ¦ «7 » y
25c Drawers isc Dresses Corsets
SOC Drawcr<"*"!!!l!!".r.'.".35c 75c Dresses selling at. ... .48c ANY MAKE. ANY STYLE— WE HAVE
<»-r n n «w" 45c $i-oo Dresses selling at... ..<*5c THEM ALL.
" ur ™ CT ?i. 5 o Dresses selling at..... OSc Safe Price, 35c, 45c. 65c, 75c, 95c,
i^c Corset Covers 8e $1.9*5 Dresses selling at.... $1.20 $1.25.
i^c Corset Covers 1 •"»«• immm ~ m^~ m ~~~ mmmm ~~ mmm ~ mmmmmmmm ' Most of these Corset* are worth
35c Corset Covers! "!!!!. !.25e 1 l .double — even during this sale
50c Corset Covers 35c w nU D'LL OI * r R uarantcc no ' ds Rood;
jsc Corset Covers. 4J)c /2 UtT On nlOOOnS . you may wear our Corsets 30
Ribbons on Sale at 3 Cf 5 C , 6C, 8C, i* 1 '" unsati5factor >'-
• m - m^— m — mmm ——— mm — mm * °V» ** v » vu » *"" Mill refund your monev.
j 10c, 12c, 15c yd. '
Handkerchief Bargains ' Embroideries
Very Seldom Equaled. . I CmOrOIOeneS
II Handkerchiefs S^S'Ssc e <>f LaceS and Em- The Embroideries and In-
ioc Handkerchiefs at «c broideries sertions we place on sale to-
I2)4c Handkerchiefs at »c , <«
15c Handkerchiefs at.T lOc THAT WILL LONG BE REMEMBERED da}' at JC> OC, OCj 1UC» 12C>
z\c Handkerchiefs at 15c Ml our 8c, 10c and 12}£c Torchon "J5q are world-beater^ Verv
1 . Laces and Insertions on safe at q
y-^— —————— yard vC seldom you get a chance to
'WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS Point Vcnisc Trimming on sale ; buy Laces and Embroideries
ON EVERYTHING * | |. ; >t t'-ese prices.
M A R If <s R R 0 5 1220=22=2^ Market Street
IflijklVIlLlJ U1V \J yi Between Taylor and Jones
ADVZRTISEMiarrS. .
Remarkably Reduced
Prices on Summer
W69T.
Our entire line, which consists of the best grade of
Fumraer garments for^adics, misses, children and in-
< ; fants has been marked down to insure immediate sale.
Ladies' and Misses' Shirt-Waist Suits,
Ladies' Waists,
Ladies' and Misses' Tramping Skirts,
Ladies' Novelty Neckwear,
Ladies' Negligees,
I Children's Coats,
Children's White and Colored Dresses,
Children's and Misses' Hats and Caps.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
We dcisirc to call special attention to our high-
sradc undergarments, made of the best materials
by skilled operators in onr own factory where per-
fect sanitary conditions prevail. Every, garment is
attractively conceived and* reasonably priced.
We make a specialty of BRIDAL SETS, both
hand and machine made, <ind arc equipped' for the
handling: of a very larpc assortment — carrying only
dependable grades and selling at moderate prices.
918-922 Market Street.
Moil order* receive prompt • attention.
Illustrated Catalogue free.
" ¦ HBHMBHHM*M ' ' /: - " - > " -- " • : ¦ ' • \ ¦ ' ¦ ' •
EXPERT OPTICIAJf.
I '^ACK LUSTER" i
\' i# an .expression applied to eyss 1
I " "'that do not have the brilliancy with I
¦'¦'-¦ which nature endowed them. They J|
¦ . hare been ROBBED of that lustroun \
a bri(htn#fia which acuomcanies ETE I
H HEALTH. fi
¦ BEAUTT AND COMFORT 3
w of the eye can 1>« obtained by th* B
¦ uw of GERMAX EYEWATER. * I
[« an effective and perfectly *hanale9s 1
II) remedy for all eye troubles. Pr«- fl
Cj pared only by Oo. Mayerle. whoee jl
k]| experience as an optician has in- II
HI eluded the treatment of th« most H
En noted men of our time. M
31 ADMIRAL. DEWEY says: "I HI
II am still using, with much sails- HI
II faction, the glasses you sent tn» at fll
II Manila: also the new ones suit my fll
\m eyes perfectly." . 45}
m The senulno GERMAN ETK Sj
la WATER by malJ. SOc. bears the fH
iff above trademark and the slcnxtur* lfi
(I Of QEOaQE MATEBLE, \3
H OrraAn Expert Optician. . II
|J. Charter member of the Associate of r!
jtf 1071 MARKET ST.. Opp. Calla*haa 1
I Telephone South 572. I
The Perfection of the four
»? JT* Q €» m C# CJ
_kl.^^^ 9 veKicle is
y^St^ai!Kr\ £Ln incident
<^^Sy-S^^ of the great
\?7i&< t^^^ StudebaKer
business.
.STUDEBAKER gROS. Qo.
Lucy Laney Will Speak.'
Miss Lucy Laney, the" noted colored ed-
ucator, will speak this evening: at 7:43
o'clock at the First Presbyterian Church.
Miss Laney is a lecturer whose ability la
widely recognized.
Oriental Goods j
:' At Wholesale Prices t
W« Offer Our Entix* Collection ef *
Oriental Rugs
v AND CURTAINS
• At 25 ' Per Cent I
\ , Slsconat from tejulw retail prices, t
We are sole agents for f
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S t
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS I
;Xhas.M.Plara&Co^
:: Cop. 9th and Market Sta. ;:Military March Through Streets, Literary Exercises Are Held,
and City Resounds With the Thunder of Artillery, the
: Bursting of Bombs and the Cheers of Patriotic People
CELEBRATE NATION'S BIRTHDAY
WITH APPROPRIATE CEREMONY
Continued on Page 37, Column 1.
fT* HOUGH many thousands of cltl
• M zens of San Francisco left the city
. jfi yesterday to ppend the Fourth at
. ' " the resort?, the military parade
, oeld 3 eiterday morning tn honor of ' the
Military Parade
Is Greeted With
Rounds of Cheers
Frank J. Sullivan, the orator of the
day, was , then presented to tho citizens,
and -he- had reason to feel, proud of the
reception given him.' When the applause
sul»i"M'l' > d the orator proceeded to de
liver , his addres*. whioh was. a. schol
arly composition. Hodwelt upon ."the
deeds of the men who .had. founded the
nation and paid a tribute to the people
of /France, who had rendered assistance
to the struggling States in 1776.
The economic questions were also
"dealt with and the speaker clearly .out
lined bis views on- the' situation I of cap-
ORATION OF THE DAY.
/Mayor Schmltz was then. introduced to
the, audience and he was given an ova
tion. He read th^ Declaration of Inde
pendence. In ' forceful manner, and tho
words of the historic document were-re
ceived with rapt attention. At the' close
of the reading Mayor Schmitz was again
the recelpient-of unstinted plaudits.
The singing of "The Star-SpangJed
Banner" by Mme. EJlen Conrsen-Roeckel
and a chorus of young ladies aroused
unlimited enthusiasm. TT7e solo of the
national air was rendered by Mme. Cour
sen-Roeckel with dramatic power, and
the audience niap*e the rafters j of - the
theater ring with applause, compelling
the lady to repeat the air. •
Chairman Deasy lhanked all who had
assisted In making the celebration a
succe83, and dwelt upon the significance
cf the anniversary of the nation's natal
day. .
Kev. F. n. Bbvard then delivered the
Invocation, asking the blessing of God
upon the people of the United States and
returning thanks for the many, benefits
given to the nation.
The exercises opened with an artistic
rendition of patriotic airs by the or
chestra, after which Grand; Marshal
Lunstedt introduced the chairman 'of
the committee. Jeremiah Deasy, who was
cordially received.
Jeremiah Deasy. chairman of tho
Fourth of July committee, and many
others of Its members were seated on
the rtagn. together with Mayor Schrnitz,
Frank J. Sullivan. Grand Marshal The
odore Lunstedt. G. C. 1 Benham, J. A.
Vaughan.. n»v. F. D. 13ovard and Father
J. P. AIcQuaide. 'w ,
The theater was comfortably filled and
the programme provided was an excel
lent one and was enjoyed by all present.
The interior cf the theater was lav
ishly decorated with national flags and
bunting, and tha stage was also bright
v/ith red. white and blue and the Stars
and Stripe?. . '
TH jfflT 'USIC, song and speech
/H /K Kt<rrcd lno hearts of the
/ flf M patrIotic p 'tlzens who as
/ W ta s -mbled yesterday aftcr
•^ ' -**¦ noon in the Alhambra The
ater to celebrate the anni
versary of Independence dav.
The usual military parade through- the
"principal streets of the city attracted a
large number of sightseers. Th«: literary
exercises at the Albambra Theater in the
afternoon wer^ enjoyed by an applauding
¦udlenee. Military bands gave onen-air
wprerts in three parks. Golden Gat« Park
• rid the Cliff House and beach had many
visitor!". l>ut the attendance was email
compared bo that of previous years. The
"ms-Unees at the theaters were well at
tended, but there was no overcrowding
•fct;any place of amusement.
• While tlie poliee and firemen of the city
•were vigilant to protect life and property,
f.Ui officers were not overburdened with
*ror"k: There were but few alarms of fire
riueed by firework*, &.n<\ the reports from
Vie hospitals showed that the accidents
were far below thos* of previous celebra
tions of Independence day.
. 'Two public displays of fireworks were
given. In the evening and were well at
|*Vided. The Chutes also burned gunpow
der in honor of "the glorious Fourth,"
aftd there was a large evening attendance
et the resort.
": -'¦ yesterday '.morning thousands
•apo'n thousands of citizens left the city
¦ to visit the re«oris ar.d camping places in
the country. To those who could not man
age to get away for two days the many
•plonics and programmes of athletics held
festerday afforded an opportunity to
j*ave the city arid inrtdentally escape 'the
*maJl boy end the giant firecracker. *
"Though the city, may have lacked in
numbers as regards population, it <Jjd not
Jack for enthusiasm and patriotism.
When the sun ca^t Us ray? over the hills
Young America had already ushered In
Tthe national holiday by disturbing the
-Vest of his oMers. On all sides the crack
• ad boom of fireworks <-ould be heard
over the city and continued throughout
the day, on.y drowned once at noon by
the thunder of the guns at the" fort*
frhout the bay.
' The national flag was flying in all direc
tions and the ships in the harbor were
say with bunting and colon* of all na
tions.
'¦;y >te. AN FRANCISCO witnessed yes
-¦* trrday an enthusiastic cele
-*^^^ bration of the anniversary of
V- . : j Out birthday of the republic.
flsssjk^^ jt *ti Friday afternoon and
At the reviewing stand, erected on \Van
Ness avenue and Post 'street ; the parade
countermarched and. tendered a salute to
General v Warfield. ¦ after which the ! pro
cession disbanded. :. •' -
Ambulances from the Presidio fallowed
the artillery. An ovation greeted the vet
erans of the Civil- and - Mexican . wars,
who were next in lirre. The. veteran*
rode in gaily bedecked carriages and th*>
white hair and falling sight of. the old
soldiers recalled the vivid story of hdw
they had fought in order that the present
generation might fittingly celebrate the
Independence of the Republic: •
Behind the 'carriages containing the
veterans came the "minute men of 1775,"
dressed in the costume of that ..period.
They carried flint-lock guns and received
a warm welcome' from the spectators.
A float with "Uncle Sam and -the God
dessj of Uberty" preceded the Second Bri
gade of the National Guard of California,
commanded by Colonel Thomas O'Neil.
The First Infantry, of the Guard. :was
commanded by MaJorGeorge Filmerand
the citizen soldiery presented n good ap
pearance and pleased all by their martial
step. Major Ii. P. Bush was in command
of the detachment of. the coast artillery,
which, like theinfantry, was preceded by
its band. -
The field artillery of Uncle Sam made
th* b*st showinc in the parade. The
grim guns, rumbling caissons, champing
horses and smart mounted soldiers were
hailed all alone: the route with cheers.
The field batterv waa under command
of Captain J. V. White, aided by Captain
C. A. Bimnett and First Lieutenant P. K.
a- rice. "¦>"•'*:
At 10 a. m. the FederaJ and State troops
marched from -their respective armories
and posts to a point «n Market street, be
low Battery. . The formation of the mil
itary and civic foodies was well arranged
and It was shortly after the hour of 10:30
that Grand Marshal Theodore Lunstedt
gav* the order, "Forward, march."
The bugles ranc out a merry fanfare
and th* procession started on its way.
The route was along Montgorr.sry. Bush.
Kearny and Market streets and Van Ness
avenue, where the parad« was reviewed
and dlsmiBs<>d.
anniversary ! of the Declaration of Inde
pendence was witnessed by large crowds
of enthusiastic men, women and children.
Tho morning was an ideal one for thS
procession and the coo! breeze was wel
comed by the marching troops tii&t pa.r-
Uclpatrd. The promptness -with which the
parade started reflected credit upon thoso
who had the affair in hand and tlie pro
gramme was carried out without seri
ous error or accident, though the police
first started on the wrong route and were
called back after prGinsr two blocks.
A larg<» force of police officers was de
tailed to maintain order on th*> line of
march, but their work was ea«>\ as the
sightseers were not numerous enough lo
cauR* the guardians of the peace any
trouble.
| . FEATURES OF THE MILITARY PARADE AS WITNESSED YESTERDAY ON MARKET STREET WHEN FEDER
('- XL AND STATE TROOPS MARCHED IN HONOR OF THE NATIONAL. BIRTHDAY, AND PORTRAIT OF DIS
\ f. TJNGU1SHED CITIZEN WHO DELIVERED ORATION.
• There was so much "discontent .that George
111 actually .thought' that- the men who had
endured Buffering in- all its forms v.ould re
nounce - th*>ir Independence and their ideas of
the equality, of man nnd would again; become
his" subjects. • VMn thought! Thanks to Wash
ington. Jefferson/ Hamilton, "• to Marshall, to
Madison and to Benjamin . Franklin »nd tr»
others that cannot now, be named, a constitu
tion was adopted on the twelfth year_ of -Amer
ican Independence. ¦ - -• - ¦¦_¦'• '
. This Instrument contained many clauses
which . brought confidence, stability and pros
perity to the American union. But none were
more effective than two clause, one of which
guaranteed to every State . a republican form
of government and tho other that : no '. rell
ciouii'test shall ever be requlred-a* a qualifi
cation to any of nee or public trust- under ;ttw»
United States.- .This i-onstltutlonhas -been,de
clared by Gladstone "the most wonderful work
evt-r struck off at a- given time -by tho brain
and purpose -of man " .
v D« Tocquevllle writing In 1834 feared that
the ,-epublic and the constitution could not'ei
ist;- Yet it ha* survived. 'It; has brought the
American people unexampled \ prosperity. 'It
has. made the Harry/ flag- tin emblem; of Joy
and hope to th« oppre**c<j of all lands. With
Andrew > Jaokson - Rnd i Daniel -Webster It met
and defeats nullification by u. State.", . With
Abraham Lincoln it weathered. one of the. most
destructive of civil wars and ' with ; him J . It
««*-^^ RACTICAL. joking formed a (
a ,\\ feature . of yesterday's cclc
jS jf" bration of the national holi- ;
B^~~ : ' day. Tho old Jokes "were
JSL again carried out, and-'whtlo
' . '¦ ' . many people were frightened
no injury was done. . . ' *
A favorite trick was. to display, a mon
ster firecracker on the sidewalk of a size
large enough to sound, were it. genuine,
like a long-range gun at the rresidio. A
small fuse would be inserted in the top
of the bogus bomb, and after it was light
ed every one would run for, a safe spot.
Ladies - and' men would hold their fingers
and Taul Jones, the Scotchman, the hero of
the most desperate 8*a fight In history. There
were th« Germans, l>a Kalb and Von Steuben.
There were tl?e>'oles. Kosciu^KO and Pulaskl.
The lattet, you will remember, gave bis life
blood nt Savannah to our cause. There was
last but not least/ lAfayette. the French hero,
who at th* early age of 20 served our country
without pay. . • ¦¦ . -
Washington secured Lafayette ar.d Lafayette
sreured'the Krench alliance, without which we
would 'be FUbjwt to Great ¦. Britain to-day.. La
fayette rallied our troops at Brandywlne and
thwarted the designs of the traitor I^ec at lion
mouth. At the request of Washington hj
urged the French King, to give us- money ana
troops The' condition of the colonies was
then desperate. , For this we have Washing
ton's own words: "If Franc* dslayn a timely
and powerful aid in the critical po3ture of our
affairs It will avail us nothing should she at
tempt it hereafter. We are at tbls hour sus»
ponded in the balance. In a word., we are> at
'the end of our tether, and now or never de
liverance must come." j; '
'Not only did France sendher soldiers under
Rochambeau and' a fleet undor De Orasse, but,
bnnkrupt au she was, sh« loaned large sums to
the American cauje. The««*j nre the- noble
words of France: "Of the 2..000.COO llvres we
have loaned you we forgive you ft.000.000 as a
gift of friendship,' and when with years there
comes prosperity you can pay the balance with
out interest."
Let us on thin anniversary give thanks to
the land of I^afayette. L>e Grasse and Rochar.i
benu and to the land of Von Steuben for serv
ices rendered at Valley Forge. With the end
of the War of Independence the trials of'thej
independent 'States had only begun.'- Tlia
problem for the free men of America was this:
How could: an indestructible union of Inde
t-tructlble States Uc formed? How could the
whole American people bo represented by some
body that could rightfully tax them?
A VAIN THOUGHT.
,!,No land, no people have received such bene
fits as our people hav» refelved from the.Dec
laration'of Independence and the Federal con
stitution.' This constitution, besides, has-been
productive of. good results in ' withstanding the
Incessant attacks of political asltators and -cor
rupt ¦ politicians.- " It has been called - "that
•Where Is the land like .America, with' the
orportunltles for every one to rise? Its laws
and • its free institutions- teach that no roan
should r<»ly upon the deeds of his fathers. He
should try to surpass them. ¦• He who relies on
dead ancestors Is lost. I can picture the toiler
looking at his little baby boy as It lies rocked
In a cradle by the mother, and saying to It:
••Child, you can one day aspire. If you please,
to be President of the-Unlted States." In no
part of the world can you And such conditions
t-xcept here. Such conditions and such chances
are only to be found In free America.' Abra
ham Lincoln., with scanty education, emulated
the best authors In style and rose from a ralf
*plitter-to be the President of the United
States, but his chief claim .to fame Is that- he
was 'the lover of his fellow man— the liberator
of. four millions of slaves. In what land' will
you. flnd a parallel equal to the life of Presi
dent James A. Garfleld. the canal boy. or to
the life of 'President- Andrew Johnson, the
tailor? Nowhere, I say. except In these United
States. '. - : .-..-..
IVhile American institutions can 'produce
s'ich men and - snch sentiments then we can
proudly claim that our country will endure.
This federal constitution. Is as dear \o forty
five States with over 70.fXiO.000 of people as
it wnsto thirteen States with a population of
scarcely 4.C00.(XX>. It has given free homes,
free hearts and free hands to the toller from
cvevy n.Mt nf *.he globe. Thanks to. Its influ
ence our people are to-day better fed. better
housed, better shod and better educated than
any other people on earth. They are not sub
jects. They are the Government, and "If tho
Government does not give exact J«stlce It Is
their fault. " ' ¦ :
COUNTRY WILL ENDURE.
The struggle was not In vain. It proved to
thf. world that all Americans are heroes
whether they are led to battle by Grant or
Sherman or Sheridan or by trfe or. Jackson.
Thoi>c who wore the gray are now proud of
their brethren of the blue. I am glad to
say the feeling is mutual.
To-day they Join In fighting for and In dying
for ' the stars and ' strtp^a whether It ' b« in
sunny Cuba or in the distant Isles of the
Philippines. They were both with Rchley at
.Santiago. They were both ¦ with Dewey, at
Manila. To-day, as Americans our Southern
btcthren know but one flag, the flag of the
Union and but one country, the United States
of America. It is related of General Robert
E. l.*i>, a soldier as brave as ever died with
Roland at Roncesvalles, and as noble as ever
followed the chivalrous Bayard, at a banquet
held In Richmond Immediately after the close
of the Civil War. some on* proposed the fallen
flag. General Uee. with choking voice and his
hand on his heart. »ald: "My friends. I can
not Urlnk to -that toaat to-day. I know but one
flag—the stars and stripes — and I will drink
to no other."
made good the doctrine of the Declaration of
Independence that all men ar<> ! created
equal. T-» construe its words tho blue and the
gray wasted blood and treasure. ¦
to their' ears, expecting a deafening re
port, but when they found they had been
fooled they Joined in the hearty laugh of
the funmakers. **
. A. new method of scaring people was
also put to ure throughout the city. Boys
as well as men would place detonating
flat cartridges on the' car tracks, and the
cable and electric cars would seem to be
in tho midst ot another Santiago.
Around "the places "where men do con
gregate" many jokes were played. Just
as a thirsty man would lift a ; foaming
beaker to his lips, bang, slzz. boom would
go a firecracker under his heels, and as
he set down the glass on the. bar. a corn-
It Is the duty of the citizen to |prsvent
monopoly or trust of any character and to
allow to each member of the community the
The people. If they please, can take It en
paying proper , compensation and can restrict
the power of ownerjhl^. No man ran take
property with him when he dies. The law
steps in ami says how It shall descend and be
distributed. It is a fallacy, therefore, to say
that we own anything In the absolute sense
of -the term. The chief duty of rapltal In thia
republic, therefore, is to remember that man
must be free to work, to enjoy th« beneflia of
his labor, to have his children educated tn a:
least the fundamental branches of learning, to
share in all the Incrraw-rl w«:il»h of the coun
try so U.il U" may, save som^tl>ln£ for his old
Recent Investigations have shoxrn that
capital, as such, can always take care of
Itself. It has money and it ran rurchase bntn
to make out a good case before the world. Ex
perience has shown that unless It is cuTb*d it
will treat its employes as mere machines. It
will not regard their health, their dependent
families, but will force these poor men to work
over hours an<J at a low rate of wages on the
pretense that competition and the law of sup
ply and demand compel such action to pre
serve its property. In this free land no man
can call property absolutely his own. The law
says that be holds It subject to the public wel
fare.
It means that as a free man each person Is
entitled to an equttable and fair hearing In
the forum' of public opinion and free and un
biased trial before the tribunals of hi* coun
try. Freedom Is of no avail anleaa with the
help cf Its biasings we know how to be Just.
The relation of employer and employe is a case
In point. The scripture tells us that the la
borer Is worthy of his hire, that Is to say, ht
who toils shall receive a fair wage. A fair
wage Is one which can support the toller and
Ma family and besides leave sufficient to meet
the deisandn of old age.
This equal justice means the moral elevation
and happiness of the greatest number. It does
not mean the triumphs of the Intellect, of art,
of science or of literature or the marvels of
Invention. It does not mean the acquisition of
wealth or the extension of our possessions, but
It means to render to each and every man his
due.
MORAL ELEVATION".
In other words, on every Fourth of July w»
make an act of Independence for onrselves and
for all men. "With such * legacy from the
past, what are our responsibilities and duties?
Our principal duty as citizens of the great
republic is to pre»erve-ln all their Integrity
the fundamental rights of our fello-sr citizens
in their lives, la their liberty and in their
methods of acquiring happiness. Equal Jus
tice to all men is the Inherent principle of the
Declaration of Indeaendence.
tower of strength which stood four square to
all the wtnda that blew." Where la the land
more tolerant of religious Ideas than fre«s
America? Where is there a land with more
facilities for education, with better public
schools than we enjoy? In this free land every
one while demandlns freedom for himself ad
mits full liberty In others.
panion would drink up the contents. -
Tying a small firecracker to a man's
coat and lighting It was also another
source of amusement to many citizens.
Bunches of harmless firecrackers were
left in many places with a long lighted
fuse attached. The crowd would yell with
glee when a passer-by attempted to get
away from a threatened explosion.
There was room, however, for "the fool
killer'* to make an example of the reck
less men who flourished revolvers, whicli
in many cases were loaded with ball
cartridges. When a pane of glass was
shattered by the use of the revolvers or a
companion was Injured the general excuse
was, "I. didn't know it was loaded."
. • . ! " . ¦ '.-."" . ' • ' ¦ \ '
YOUNG 'AMERICA TAKING DELIGHT IN GIVING VENT TO HIS PATRIOTISM AND INCIDENTALLY GETTING
HIMSELF. INTO TROUBLE. ACCORDING TO THE VIEWS OF THE CALL'S CARTOONIST. WHILE CELE
BRATING THE "GLORIOUS FOURTH" IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Fortunately the -Colonies had- a wis« and
prudent leader in* George Washington., Everett
«ays: "He was the greatest of good men, and
the be*t'of Rrcat m"n." .The world has given
him tl* highest rank j*mong its immortals. You
knov/ the history of that great , war. - Defeat
after defeat was the lot of. the patriot In army
Ytt the fate of British power^was rettled at
Saratoga and ! at . York town.- ' .Then. .• and then
only, d'.d the.etarry flag.msana free, and • in
dependent union.- .-. ¦ % ; . • .. ¦ . : .L-.
¦ While we applaud- our. native- commanderx,
like ¦ ' Washington, . • Green; ' ' Marlon. Morgan.
\\'aj-r.». 'Lincoln and our own . people for their
bravery, let un^!ot. forgot 1 : the assistance given
lo u» by heroes of other ; iiatlonolltleii." There
va« the Engllshman.'i.GatP:". the hero of Sam
toga.* There was -the* Irishman. .Montgomery.
There ¦ were three Irish- Americans — Sullivan of
New - Hnmp*hir<\ i O' Hrien ; of . Maine. -Barry . of
PennsyU-anlu. the first commodore of our na.vj-
A PRUDENT LEADEB.
They saw that the principle of right lies at
the base of independence. If -tyranny - in past
ages could have crushed this principle we
would be slaves to-day. Do you know where
this Declaration is strong? It is this. It clalma
equality, life and liberty for. all men. To de
mand liberty . for Amerlcn alone would have
meant exclusion of all other races, arul wouiij
have shut the door on the oppressed of- all
other landi. The world at large would bavu
objected to this indifference. The fathers saw
thin and demanded not ' only theso rights for
themselves, but; for all. men. They.' therefore
demanded government, home rule.' and th»
individual liberty of man. -Remember, that
these fltty-six representative.* In the, Continen
tal Congress did not originate the Declaration
The . pen of Jefferson stated In boo-1 ¦¦ form of
English speech »<lya» that were alive in the
minds of men the world over. Asionc of the
members of the Continental Confcress he simply
became the medium of tH« popujar will. As tht*
Continental Congress foresaw the. War of Inde
pendence followed. : .....
Till* Continental Congress," without a stand
ing army, r,r a navy, without gold or silver or
means of any kind, resolved that the United
Colonies "are and of right ought to {*> free
and independent states and that they are ab
roiven from nil allegiance with the British
Crown." 'Strong in. the Justice of their cau.«e
and with firm reliance In ' the • protection of
Dlvlna Providence, Us" members mutually
pledged to - each other their lives and their
fortune*, and their sacred honor. They knew
that this Declaration meanf a bitter, long and
bloody war. but believing they 'were right, they
were willing to endure any sacrifice to obtain
their Independence.
A HEROIC ACT.
It wan a brnve act on 'the part of these thir
teen colonies to defy the great name and inlll
.tary :-ower of Great Britain. It wa« • a noble
act to declare that governments «Wr Instituted
among all men to Fecure their happiness and
that all governments derive their Ju»t powers
from the consent of the governed for that pur
pote. Then -and not' till' then did the whole
framework of the old feudal system fall to
piece*. The ordinary man then had no right
to land or to property which the noble r?5pect
ed. 'He was ground to earth by taxation^ Ho
was deprived of the rights to the products of
his labor and of his brain. He was Imprisoned
Without trial. lie passed with the land as the
benMs of burden. Political right he had none
What then did the Continental Congress do
tochanco these conditions? '.
These fifty-six men signed the declaration
with the rope around their necks, but withal
they were reudy to meet their fateVlth urlni
humor. Hancock, the patriot outlawed by
Kngland.-wnK elected president of the con
vention, lie filgned his name in bold large
chiiracters. oaying. "Thore, John Hull can read
my signature without h|s spectacles." Frank
lin eaid, "JVc muet hang together or surely we
will hang* separately" The giant Harrison,
looking at the slight flgurfl of Gerry, cald "It
will be all over with me in a moment, but vou
will, he kicking in the air half an hour after
I am gone."
That government 1? made for them and that
they arc made for the government. That In
the words ofRumbold, no one pomes Into the
world with a saddle on his back and another
booted and spurred to ride him. That here
after they would be no longer subjects of any
crown, but free citizens of a republic Th«y
struck down onco for nil tlie slavish doctrtne
that man existed for the us*, of one who called
himself a King. Every nilfr was made to un
derstand that he was really a servant of the
people, and that when any government -was not
satisfactory to them it should be changed
They salii - there shall be no more slave? no
mop> vassals and "no more followers { Thev
abolished the master, the lord and the ruler*
and became . masters, locds and rulers theni
eelves. • ¦ . .
n«t p !?^ -*!!£>¦ -**l*r«I that all men
ZSH,« °? rt * l V;? 1 ' n -**r* Treated equal-equal iti
m in*.. -equal- In the vteb\ to own pnw^rtv'
*T r '^ fl V their ch!ldr«n
according to the <lletat?s.tof, tr.tr consci-nc<v
m h exl? K T '-^'-<'^Urfd'that Ww man
should have the right tohls Ijf*. to bis "llbftrty
and to the pursuit of.happitvess-that Is » M
that Ue could ray, -riita is my house.' this fa
my farm, these nr- the jiroducts of my hands,
tne&e are the creatures of my brain"" That
no one could |, e ' imprlfionci-ivlthout Ju.V nun*
That he could work wh-n an-1 for whom and
for what wans he pleased. That .he' Vould
l.reqthe the air and lay. "This is -the sir of
my .country, the r.lr of my house, the air of
my wife and. the. air of my children." What
next? Xhey declared that all political power
comes from the aeonle. ,
tJ^" J s V' 1 her '•? r "-"ritatii-fB In Matthew
Thornton. Jarres Smith, rt-orge Taylor and
Thomas Lynch Jr.; Scotland In John Wither-
Morrls^nuMn" 1 -;- ™"*° n '' England in Ror^rl
cw a " 7 utt ,°2 **«"•*» rrii Francis Lewis:
Sweden in John Morton, others like Churl's
fnTco.'o-Ye, 01 " 0 "^"-. IF* S«&jm* ma"' n
«f «?£S * Wl ,rV lil!h '. Anil * r!c " tu '-. AH shades
of relleious belief v.ere r<?Dre*pnt»d mi the
wUh, namely^ to decla»4-.to tha . world the
BELIGIOUS BELIEFS.
It w«s my privilege to be present at the Cen
tennial exercises In Philadelphia on the Fourth
? ¦ J . uly> . 1 u S7a . J Tney w * r * held-in-the park ad
joining the o.d hall whom the Declaration of
Independence was signed by. the repreeentativea
i'.j? e American colonies. . i remember how
vividly the scenes of that ceiebrat-d Fourth of
r& ?£ « wei T' lm t ir *'"'ed upon niy mind.
'. For , th * flrs:t time tii history it r.as soiemn-
H.£ e a Clar ,nV hat ma . n aS a ™«n tad cirSin
nnn 'f i Cl ? **? lnall « a^e. The Declara
tion of Independence was Intended for all
races and not for American alone. Hence
while the majority of the flfty-Mx signers of
the document were native .Americans like
Jefferson. Franklin. Hancock, the Adam ti
Harrison, the Lees. Klbrfd«. Gerry and Roger
Sherman some of the men who "igned the
Declaration or Independence were not bVrn hi
I ask you to bear kindly with m;, and re
member that my theme Is one that really de
mands time for thought and preparation. Noth
ing now is impromptu, even a political speech
or a toast at a banquet. Charle3 Dickens, on
being complimented on a brilliant reply at a
dinner, said: "It ought to be good. It kept
tvery one in my house awake for the last two
months. It was, of course, impromptu." ' '
"We have with us to-day the representatives
of the ¦ United States army, the Federal offi
cials, the otneers of the State militia and rep
resentatives of all occupations in tills city of
, San - Francisco. Religion la represented. The
Mayor of our city i« here. Flut where are the
politicians? I cannotrtee them. Why are' not
the leaders of the groat parties here? lleeauae
on this day parties melt away, and we are all
one and all Americano, in the words of Jef
ferson: "'DliTerence of opinion Is not difference
of principle. AVe have called by different
names brethren of the caine principle. ~ We are
ell Republicans; we are all federalists." So I
say we are all Democrats. ' we are all Repub
licans, we arc nil Labor men, but, above all'
we are all American citizens. .
ital and labor as existing to-day.
The oration delivered by Mr. Sullivan
was as follows: <
Whin I was asked to deliver lh»- oration on
the anniversary of the Declaration of Independ
ence two weeks ago I felt as Chauncey l>epew
did when he had to prepare a speech on short
notice. It reminded him. he eaid; of an Inci
dent of his college days, when the sententious
professor of rhetoric -said to* him. .. "Depew,
your time ts three minutes; your subject, "Th«-
Immortality of the Soul.' " My reverend and
respected friends .who honor u» with their pres
ence wilt appreciate «nd do full justice to
Chauncey Depew's predicament. I am not so
certain that I am far removed from his posi
tion.
Holiday Is Marked
by a Series ol
Accidents.
Police, Firemen and
Physicians Are
Kept Busy.
POWDER
IS USED
FREELY
SAN FRANCISCO, .-SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
Hon. Frank J. Sullivan Delivers Stirring Address at the Alham
. bra, Pays Tribute to the Founders of the Republic and Deals
With the Many Grave Economic Questions of the Present
DEEDS OF HEROES ARE LAUDED
AND LIBERTY IS EXTOLLED
. - • . ' .• -. • ¦ . . . . ...... .,¦*.-' - ..ilJ' ¦¦:¦¦-.
Pages $ft&$k
Pages M0MJES FLORENCE WHITTELD of
the Burlingame Country Club
won; the .fifth, renewal of the
competition for the Ponlatow
fkl cup for women golfers yes
terday at BurHngame.
' The winner, who has been a devotee of
the old Scotch pastime for but two years,
played a steady, consistent game. Her
highest number of strokes for any one
hola was eight, while she had one three
and several Jours.
Miss Florence Whittell Wins the Poniatowski Golf Trophy at
Burlingame While Miss Miriam -Edwards Becomes the First
Tennis Champion of Her Sex of the Stat^
ATHLETIC WOMEN IN COMPETITION
ON THE LINKS AND TENNIS COURT
RACIN G, TEN NIS, GOLF AND COURSING
j THE UPPER PICTURE SHOWS START OF RACERS IN SECOND HEAT
OF THIRD RACE.- THE LOWER PICTURE SHOWS SAGE WATSON'S
DOC WINNING FIRST HEAT OF FIFTH RACE.
Short in His Accounts.
"Walter. i:.- Burrow, night clerk, at the St.
Clement's Hotel." 271 '.F.ourth '.'street, '..was
arrested yesterday morning.' by Policeman
Castor and booked at the City Prison on u
charge; of .misdemeanor/, embeiztement.
Ho is accused by/ the proprietor -of , the
hotel.' G." A.- KelKO.' of being short" In his
accounts' tojthe^extentCof. ?18 40. "\ Burro w
had only been employed for ; a ,weo!c.
GOLDEN ; ANNIVEKSABY OF
AN ODD FELLOW "LODGE
Yerba Busna No. 15 Rsaches the
Half-Century. Period—Interest
ing Historical Facts.
Next Tuesday night Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 15 of the Independent. Order of Odd
Fellows will . celebrate the .fiftieth anni
versary of its Institution by holding a re
ception and ball in Native Sons' HalK
Tblfl- lodge-. was Instituted July 7. 1S53,' by
then Grand. Master Samuel H. Parker,
with twenty-nine charter members." "The
lodge, coon increased in membership [ and
continued to grow.'.becomlng the largest
individual lodge in the State, a position
which it- still .retatns,; notwithstanding
that large, r numbers have several times
withdrawn i for . the purpose of forming
other lodges. During the period of Its
existence 1578 have been enrolled aa
members, this number Including the char
ter members.
v Of the fifty-two, members of the order
who have held the exalted position -of
grand master of California I. O. O. F.,
six were selected from .Yerba" Buena
Lodge. Of . these L.' L. Alexander.' Davis
Louderback' and Reuben H. Lloyd are
still members of | the lodge. James Mil-'
llngton is the only surviving charter
member, but there are\flve member^ who
were Initiated in other lodges who boast
of a membership ln ' the order, of more
than fifty years. -'They arc Join S. Keed,
David S. ¦ SnI vely. , L. ¦ IS. \ Alexander,'. Napo
leon B. Cook,. Henry G: Stllley and Al
bert !.G. Walton. • , During . Its half century
of existence the lodge has paid for sick
bencfllH $214,255.; Donations Tb'brothers of
the "lodge arid' widowed families "amount
to J46.941 M; " burjal ; of; the, dead to . J26,-'
COti DO; total.V $288,803.^ .The present- mem
bership of : . Yerba Buena' Is SU2 arid Its as-.
sets amount' In :the aggregate to!$50,l79 71.
The maximum weight of the male brain
Is attained at the age of 20 years and that
of the female at 17 years.
BEKL.IN. July 4.— Emperor William and
Prince- Henry took luncheon to-day on Cor
nelius Vanderbilt's yacht North Star at* Trave
mur.de. •¦- ' -'•.•¦,." ' ' " ' -•- -¦ -
LOS ANGELES,. July 4.— Daniel Me-
Garry, a pioneer resident of Los Angeles
and former City Councilman, died, to-day
at Santa Monica. His age at the time of
hl3 death was about 60 years.
Los Angeles Pioneer Dead.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, July 4.— Barney Old
field broke all automobile records from
one to ten miles he~re this afternoon. His
time for ten miles was 9:54 4-5/ against the
record time of Wlnton of 10:5d. Oldfleld's
fastest mile was made in :3« 2-5. His pre
vious best time for one mile was :53 3-5.
Breaks Automobile Record.
•. SACRAMENTO. July- 4.— The Capital
City Wheelmen of Sacramento defeated
the Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
at Agricultural Park hore this after
noon in a. rlfty-mlle re:ay race by nine
sixteenths of. a mile. The time was two
hours twelve minutes and ten. seconds.
It was an exciting race from .rftart to
finish. After the race .the Sacramento
team telegraphed to Keno:
"We "hold the Pacific Coast . champion
ship. Corns over and try to get it."
Capital City Wheelmen Win.
The Sultan is said to be a wonder with
a revolver and is one of the finest, shots
in the world. He always has a few in. his
rloihes and. Is usuaily looking for. an as
eafsin. Recently he dropped a gardener
in the p&Iacc gardens who came from be
hind a tre<? suddenly. The Sultan Is a
quick .jxran. and." as they ray In the West,
•'some sudden with his artillery."
Secretary Shaw was noticed to Join
heartily In singing the hymns while- at
church on a". recent Sunday. .A friend
whom he met outside commented on the
fact and Mr. Shaw eaid.ln slow, drawl
ing way: "Well, they eay money talks.*
If that's true the Secretary of the Treas
ury ought to sing."
1 ill a few -years ago Rudyard \ Kipling
r.as jircfcably the. best paid writer in the
Knglish language. Since the South Afri
can war. -Jiwev* r. It 1b possible he has
b»d to -givct^ace to Sir Arthur Conan
Devle.
The recently appointed board on the na
tional trophy rifle contests recommends
that the school children throughout the
I'nlted States be given small arms prac
tice. 1
TENNIS IN. THE SOUTH.
Interesting Three Days* Tournament
Is Seld : on the- Ocean Park
Country Club:. 'Courts. ¦• •
LQS ANGELES, July ;4.-^The -three '-flays'
tennis play on the courts of : the, Ocean* Park
Country Club closed- to-day, except for "two
finale, which will be played next. Saturday/ All
the best players in Southern California,*.con
tested, and the matches haVe been the best
ever seen here. . Following are the resulln of
to-day's play: tifjui a%g.'~^)y^es»y>Btwga*ifea
Men's sinKles. second round — Bell beat Over
ton. 6-4. «-O; Way beat- Varlcl. 6-/!, 6-0; jfree
man lieat Hooper, "6-1. fr-i; Sriiil-flnalc—^irree
man beat Way,- 0-1, 6-1; - Bell beat • Uorlkani,
V'O.^C'S.- " .:¦:•.- .-. ¦ ¦'. ..• ¦¦¦ . --i :¦•.-•
Ladles'- clogles, second round — Florence; Sut
ton beat Miss Shoemaker, '6-3, ti-:t. Seml-llnaU
— Vlotet Suttori'beat Florence Button,- 1-6.- 0-a,
C-t. :• --.-.-'.- .•.¦:::- >-¦•*; ' .¦ . r ; . . '¦:;, -,
Mixed doubles.- finals— Mies:- Shoemaker, and
Ainswurth beat May Sutton and J. Doimell,
C-2. 4-6. «-4. ",i ¦ =
Men's doubles. seml-flnals — Overtone. And
.Efrtimn beat' H. and 'J. . Donnell,^*, fl-a."
2-6.- 6-a: Way and VarleJ • beat Bell -ana
-Wayne. «-2, tt-4.-. Flnaln-»W»y. mnd.VarUI beat
Overton and ""reemarT. • «-:J,*6-"4,'0-l. H.'Don
nell won.the Junjor stngje*. .
-The fixing of the- distance' of the r.'iw
Btar in -Perseus at 430,01)0.000,000.000 miles
gives -the first 'approximation of" our" dis
tance from. the Milky. Way,. ln-whlch'U is
•situated. - " -•- • '¦ - ¦-• • ¦• - - -
PHILADELPHIA. July A.— Edward
R. Stinger, aged 2S, was shot and killed
by a policeman to-day while attempting
to steal a crate of fruit In the produce
district. Stinger, with three com
panions, was discovered by the,police
man, and when they ran away ihe pur
suing officer fired, killing Stinger.
Policeman Kills Thief.
The officials in charge of the day's
programme were: Judges — JV Windrow,
W. Simpson. I. Coon; starter. A. J.
Martin; timers — W. J. Kenney. R. Pyle,
TV Vetfer:""raarshal. W. Tadt; assistant.
W. Higxenhottom; racing secretary. F.
W. Thompson; assistant secretary, T. J.
Douglas.
Edward H. Algeltinser, president' of
the Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion, announced that* he' nad arranged
with H. Plagemann for a match race, for
a purse of ?500. between his horse Dola
dor and Plagemann's General Vallejo.
The race will be decided at the Tanforaa
track September 9. .
Kins was never in it. after the first
round, when a hard right to the mouth
sent him dowrvfor.the count. , He bled
freely, after that and was plainly trying
to stay for the money. In the early part
of the fifth Cans whipped his right across
King's Jaw and Denver man went
down and out. Two thousand people saw
tho right, which Mayor Mulllns has de
clared will be the last in Butte.
BUTTE.- Monti, July 4.— In a drizsllng
rain and In the presence of a small crowd
Joe Gans retained his hold on the colored
championship of the world • here to-day
by defeating Buddy King of Denver : in
five' rounds. : - ¦ • "
JOE CANS WHIPS BUDDY
KING IN FIVE ROUNDS
Mayer of Butte Says It Will Be
the Last Tight in That
City.
LOS ANGELES. July 4.— Walter Ashe,
who was arrested last night for drunken
ness, was found dead in the City Prison
this morning. Ashe was about 40 year3
old, wel! dressed and had been employed
in .6n« of the large. department stores of
this city. His thought heart trouble
caused h!s death. A post-mortem exami
nation win hn he!-.}.
promptly and the horses, being sent
away without unnecessary delay. .
' Following. *re the officers of the San
Francisco Driving Association: J. Mc-
Tljrue, president;' W. Higgenbottom. first
vice president; E. BucE, second vice
presiVlent* T. Corcoran, treasurer; T. J.
D0113I3S. secretary, which was repre
sented In the events of the day. The
ofiicers of the Golden Gale Park Driving
Association, whicli was also represented
In two closely contested races, are:
E. H. Aigeltlnger. president; I. B. Dal
zl^l. first vice president: A. F. Jacobs,
second vice president; E. Stewart., treas
urer; F. W,. Thompson, secretary.
T»s in a City Prison.
John Devlin, driver of a milk wagon
for. a dairyman at the Six-mile House.
Mission road, while passing Nagle and
1'araJlones streets 8 bout 11 o'clock on Fri
day night, came Into collision with car
C6 Of the San Matto electric line. Dev
lin's vragon -was demolished and he was
thrown Into -the street. He was taken on
the car to the. Southern Pacific Hospital,
where It was fouad that he was suffering
from a contusion of the spine.
Collides With Electric Car.
After the match the competitors and
their friends were entertained at lunch
<K>n, which was served on. the broad ve
randa of the clubhouse. Here the winner
t&s congratulated, while the losers dis
cussed the match and recounted unfor
tunate mistakes they could see in retro
spect. Miss Whittell Is a pupil of F. J.
Reilly. the Burlingame Club professional.
The cup will be up for competition again
next year, as no one has won it twice.
The successful competitors to date for
the artistic trophy are: 1S99. Miss Alice
Moffit (Mrs. Doubleday); 1900. Mies Caro
Crockett (Mrs. Lawrence Scott); 190L Mrs.
R. Gilman Brown; 1902, Miss Ruth Ua-
Miss Chesebroush and Miss WhitteU are
evenly matched. They met at Del Monte
Isst year in the championship tournament
and the former won by one hole, although
she »as in turn tiefeated by Mrs.' Brown
cf San Rafael.
Attacked by Hoodlums.
While Louis Mills of 407 Devisadero
street was passing "Second and Howard
streets on his way home about 4 o'clock
yesterday morning ne was attacked by a
gang of hoodlums. He was knocked down
and his watch and chain stolen. His cries
for help attracted the attention of Po
licemen, Small and Farrell, but they were
only successful ln capturing . one, of , the
gang, Nick Stafford, 19 years "of. age.
Stafford was booked at the City Prison on
a charge of robbery. . v '~ T "J
derhill; 1503, Miss Florence Whittell.
The course was ln the finest possible
condition yesterday, the greens being
placed in order especially for the tourna
ment. The official scores follow: ...
Miss Florence WhitteU—
5654074 S 7
87447037 7— 1C5
Miss Edith Chesebrough — '
4 5-4 4 6 10 4 SQ
5 7 5 5 0 8 4 11 0—107
Mrs. Jchn EL Clark — »
477 8 11 55 C 5
5S95755U 5—110
ilrs. W. G. Miller—
45C58R696
«6 5 57, 75 8 7—112
Mr». W. S. Martin —
\ ? %v% 1 7 1 iM
Mr,. J. I>ero 7 .N«ckl n 5 g g , 8 . .
¦ 4 5 7 4 10 11 ti 7 7—120
Miss Florence Ives— ; v \» \ „
58647SC96
4 9 « 5 10 7 4 12 . 7—123
First women's, prise.- .Miss /Edwards;
secondvMiss Varney; third, Miss Hoffman
and Misa Berry. ..." -V
The final match of the men's tourna
ment was somewhat marred by the fact
that the contestants' were forced tot play
a match in the morning. The committee
in charge did welj.in the face of the un
usually large entry list."
'At the conclusion of the championship
match the prizes -.were awarded by Harry
HatgTit, aa follows: Championship and
first "prize, Grdnt Smith; runner-up prise.
Will Allen; third prizes, W. B: Colter and
Harry Routh. Vi.^n. ' "; ; » .
George F. Whitney, the champion, was
not present to defend his title. This,
with the challenge cup. and first prize,
went to Smith.
Miss Miriam Edwards 7 proved, the best
playrr'among tho'womcu In this part of
the Slate. She beat Mies, Eva Varney In
straight sets for the championship. The
score was 6-4, 6-3. Miss Varney had a
lead of 4-1 In the first net' and It seemed
she would win, but Miss Edwards took
five games straight. This
Miss Varney, who could. not stem the tide
of defeat ln the second set. It-was a pret
ty match and was thoroughly enjoyed' by
the spectators. -By .virtye of her victory
Mies Edwards becomes^ tho first woman
champion" of the State.- •
.The. men's consolation singles was com
pleted. In the afternoon. and resulted in a
victory for Clarence Grlffln, who beat S.
C. GaynesB in' the final. • *
Smith won the first cot, 6-0. and Allen
die: not look to have a chance. The lat
ter took a brace in tne second set and
by ck-ver driving won, 6-2. : Everything
went Smlth"s way In the' Ins^ two sets,
the score being 6-2, 6-0. The complete
score was 6-0, 2-6, 6-2, 6-0..
Allen caused a genuine surprise by beat
ing William B. Collier in the semi-final
round. Collier won the first two sets
handily and seemed destined to win the
third, but Allen ran It out on hinTand
then won the next two sets.: The score
was, 2-6. 3-6. 6-4, 6-2, C-Ol' -
In . the other half of the semi-finals
Grant Smith played a magnificent game
against Harry Routh and won easily. The
score was 6-2, 6-1. 6-0.
The championship match between Smith
and Will Allen was close enough to be
Interesting to the several hundred spec
tators present;- Allen had a hard five-set
match with Collier and was hardly In con
dition to meet a man so strong as Smith;
The loser fought desperately', but Smith
lrcpt'-after tiim all ¦ the •• time and won
three sets out of four.
the coming year- are Grant Smith
of San Francisco and Miss Miriam Ed
wards of Berkeley.
i-Y»-« HE State ' championship tennis
Si . tournament; came to a 'close yes.-
I terday on the Hotel -Rafael courts.
•** San Rafael. The .champions for
YOUKO WOMEN WHO EXCELLED
YKSTERDAY IN ATHLETIC FEATS
' OF SKILL.
The First Infantry, Regiment, N. G. C,
has returned from Camp Pardec. at San
ta Rosa. -Upon the recommendation of
the chief musician the following promo
tions and appointments In the band of
that regiment have been. made: Corporal
Ray McCHnton,- to be .sergeant; Private
John J. Ford and Private John P.. Mc-
Cracken, to be corporals. During June
two. men were dropped. from the roll on
account of removal; ..-¦._
. As It wa3 impossible- to hold the annual
State- shoot while at Camp. Pardeo the.
company, commanders of the First have
been- notified to ' procure their respective
ranges and proceed at once with* the an
nual target, practice. The practice must
bo completed on or before September 33.
"next. • ...• V .'.- : ¦ ..-, .; ".
-The following promotions in the Fir3t
Battalion of Artillery are announced:
¦Battery A-rCorporal ~ Henry Charles
Schwinn. to be sergeant; Privates .Ber
nard Gordon, Charle3 Harvey Jensen' and
George Clark Homer, to be corporals.
Battery B— Privates Charles Capp de
Wolf ? and Christian "Wynman, to be cor
porals., \.; " , • -¦, .
Battery D— 'Corporal George Clank Nut
ting, to be sergeant, and Privates Ray
mond A: Bellnge'-'arid Herman' Kluge to
be corporals. .„ "~ , .
- The death of Private Ernest H. Garri
ock of Battery C has been ofliclally an
nounced.: Six men. have been discharged
from the battalion, four on account of re*
moval and two by a -; two-thirds vote of
the battery In which they held member
ship/. *': • . - ' . : '.
; .Captain T. 'A.' Nerney. commanding- the
Naval Mllltik,, visited Santa Cruz July A
an J- was the, guest of. the .division, of th$
"militia located at- that point.
Admiral* Glass" will shortly^make ar
rangements for tho. annual cruise of tho
Naval Militia this .State.; It. will . take
placeln the latter part of August or the
early part of Ee'ptember..'; •
Men in the Ranks Are Advanced to
Enable Them to Wear Chev
rons and Stripes.
Time, 2:-S. The recond heat and the ' race
were declared off by the J - Jdgc* owins tj th*
unsatisfactory ehowlns" madf! by th> horses.
Sage Watson, who was driving his lior«e Doc,
and James O'Kane. ¦ who was drivin* H.
Schottler's horge Klnc V..-.v,-ere e:ich fined $10.
The meeting was well managed by the
racing: officials.' each event being called
MEN OF THE FIRST
BACK FROM CA1IP
Time. 2:2:t, 2:27. Won by Al Sandy. Twl
llpht and Elchora \V!lk<a second and third
money. . Teddy , scratched. - D. Lisjrlnger's
Velma xvds formally entered." but Twilight waj
substituted.
Fifth race.' San Francizco Driylns Associa
tion,- l*:30 class: '• ¦'¦.¦
Doc ... ..............:., i
Kinff V. 2
Mission Queen 3
Mike 4
Cicero 5
l^rence W: .... .- ; . . 6
Time. 2::54, 2:31. 2:37. 2:43. Won by Ivy;
Sea Breeze second money; A. B. I', third
money.
Fourth race. San Francisco "Driving'Associa
tion, free for all:,. - . . '
Al Sandy .' 1 1
Twilight 3 2
Elchora Wilkes 23
Time. 2:2ii; 2:27. KJncV.-winrtf-r.-- Hack
and Delia McCarthy second and third money.
Trifle and Younr Salisbury also started. •
Third race. Golden 'Gate 'Park' Privln? As
sociation, 2:40 claft:
Ivy 3 21 l'
Sea a-ere 13 3 2
A. B. P ... •£ X 5 4
Sid 5 4 2 3
Little Egypt , 4 5 4 Dr.
¦ Time, 2:47. 2:47. Zulu Ld£s ; -w<.n eatlly.
Beasle W. also started. ...' ','
Second rac». Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation, 2:23 class:. '* * •
King; V.. ;..;.. :».-;'; .».;.. .;;;..<;... I 1
Mack ».....„..,... 2 ."!
Delia ¦ McCarthr ... ':.:.'. ... . '. .-. ..... 3 2
THE first Joint 1 meeting of the
San Vranvlsco: Driving Club and
the . Gold*Ti i ( Gate Park Driving
Association was held yesterday
afternoon nt Tanforan racetrack.
The pleasant weather and the good pro
gramme arranged by the clubs attracted
a largo crowd to the course and much
enthusiasm was shown by all as each
event proceeded. The races were sharply
contested and good time was made by
the llsrht harness horses.
The programme was made up of three
races for members of the San Francisco
Driving Association and two for mem
bers-of the .Golden -Gate- Park Driving
Association. The following is the sum-'
mary:
First nice, San Francisco. Driving Assscla
tion, green class: . ' ¦' '." • .
Zulu I^ass , l'.l
Louey S ..;...* ..'..'....,¦,... 2 ' 2
Star. Banner ' : 3 3
: SEVENTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; selltni?. . -
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt; % Kin.
7 to 1— Capt. Arnold, 88 (Robbins) S 5 In.
r» to i.*— Barrtca, ft7',4' (Adklnt)... R 3 2 I
10 to 1— Harry. 88 (Reed) 0 t 3:;
Time. l:. r >0 1-5. Start Bood. Won drtvlnf?.
Winner, C. R. . Ellison's b. c. by Sir Dlxori-
Arcadin. Evelyn Byrd fitJ. Mezzo S-'J. Past
Knight 104, Mr. Ttmberlake 00, ,.Red # Tip W\
also ran. •¦
'.' SIXTH. RACE-frS#ven "and" a. half furlongst
fmrse'. " >' - '¦'''¦
Betting, r Horse. -.WcUjht." 1 Jockey.- St.". ?rl 'Fin.
8to 5— Jack Rattlla. 107 <Bonner)2 1 1 1>J
7to 1— Hoodwink. 102 (Hrnrj-) 1. 3 2 1
11 to 1— Evening Star, 102 (Oookr) 4 2* S 1
Tim*. 1 :.*!I5. Start ;'x>d. Won enslly! TiVin
ner. Gorman & Bauer's b. g. by Spendthrlft-
Intacta. Faul Whaley 10«. Sam Fullen 100,
aUo ran. .,...¦ ;
FIFTH RACE— One mile; handicap.
Bettlns. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
4 to 1— Epicure, 10f» (Adklns) 4 2 1 h
11 to 5— Hchwalbe, KKt CL. Wilson) :: 1 2 nk
8 to 1— H«rgl3, 114 tHenry) 5 it :| 1
Tune. 1:41 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. A. T. Dobson's b. c. by .Darebln-Felu
kah.- -Keperin -00. Waswift 111. Henry Burt
107. -ToahriOO, l<"ederalf.lOO. -also ran; •¦.¦"¦
- FOURTH RACE — One- and a 'quarter miles;
the Shendan stakes. .'
Bettlnff. Horse, Walght, Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to lr-Santon, 122 (Helgersen). . 1 2 1 nk
.5 to 1— Hying Ehlp, 120 (Crwhrt)2 1 2 2; .
5 to 1— Flocarllrie, 120 (Wonderly) 5 '.i :i 2.
' Time, 2:10 1-5. Start good. "¦¦ Won driving.
Winner. Mlddleton & Jungbluth's b. c. by
Golden Garter-Santa Rita. Maxey Blumen
thal 115. Serge 122, Postmaster WrlRlit . 122.
Fore and Aft 125, Gold Belt 122, Sioux Chief
115, also ran. • • .
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
liurso.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Bad News.. Hit <H. Davis) ."> 3 11
!» to 20— Sylvia Talbot.107 (Bookr) 1 1 2 2Va
10 to 1— Bardolpn, 102 <S. Banner) :i 2 ." ii
' Time, 1:21. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Woodford & Huckner's br. g. by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Oronte 112, Th«
Crisis U7, Snowdrift 107, also ran.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
Eelling. ¦ ¦ ..
Hettlngr. Horse. Weight, Joskey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Glasstul, ftl (L. Wilson*.. 4 2 11
8 to 1— Boaster, 102 f If. Phillips). I :» 2 4
10 to 5— Silk Cord, 104 (Helfc-esn). 2 1 S 1 \ ;
Time. 1 :4«j 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's b. g. by Mlrthful-Bjlle
Iloyt. Huzzah 105 also ran.-
. vTime, :5:j ;»-5.- Start bad. Won ln a canter.
Winner, Mrs.- R; Bradley's br. b. by Aloha-
Kmlr.cnee. - Don Dotno 105, Talhouet 113, Al-
Ilsta. 105, Gayoso 10:j. Touchstone 105, Oudon
103, Tryon lus. Day 103. also ran.
CHICAGO, July:*.— Santon, aU2fr.tol,j
won' the Sheridan stakes sat? Washington j
Park to-daV by a neck from Flying Ship.:
Flocarllne- was- third. -The-event, which
is a virtual renewal of. the American Der
by and has frequently "been won by Derby
winners, did not draw an attractive.. field. ;
The. Picket, Bernays and Siiirable were
out of the race, but the event had' a Der
by tinge. Santon is owned by Middleton
& - Jungbluth. who captured the Derby
purse, and he was ridden by Helgeson, '
who won . the riding honors of the blue
ribbon event. ¦ . ' % '
' After the first. race it rained, and the
Sheridan stakes was run ln a sea of mud
and water, and only the mudders had a
chance.. As Santonran a record-breaking
race yesterday on a fast track his feat of
winning lin the mud. to-day -was consid
ered unusual. *'. Ho carried 122 pounds and
stood a hard drive, in the stretch. Sum
mary: ¦ ¦•
. FIRST- RACE— Five furlonffs;- purse.
BettlnK. -Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
:ii to iV-Feter Paul. llU (AtlUtns). U 2 1
7 to '2— English Lad, 10S (Dninck) 5 S 2 >/ 3
iW to .1— Japan 10.J (A. YV. Booker) 4.3 an.:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Flying . Ship Only a Neck
- ¦ Behind the Colt at the
Finishl-
Stable Companion of.
The Picket a Good
..Racehorse. - .¦••¦
SANTON WINS
THE SHERIDAN
Golden Gate Park Driving Association and San Francisco Driving
Club Members Enjoy Exciting-Sport in the Sulky; ay Their
-First- Joint .Gathering on the Track— Good Time. Fs' Made
FREE-FOR-ALL IS WON BY AL SANDY
AT TANFORAN PARK RAGE MEETING
THE SAN FBANCiS&Q, CJALL., . SUNDAY, : JUJLY 5 % 1903,
Mrs. VT. 8. Martin made a good show
ing, although she has not had the prac
tice requisite for so severe a competition.
Miss Edith Chesebrough, who Is consid
ered the most promising young player ln
the north, was beaten by two strokes.
She fell dois-n on the first round at the
sixth hole, for which she required ten
strokes. She was playing a steady game
on the second round until she encountered
the eighth hole She fell off badly in her
play here, requiring eleven strokes before
the holed out.
34
¦¦¦ ¦:-¦¦¦¦¦' ~~ ,
Si; _ Sigiis of Polltxted Blood .
-There is nothing so 'repulsive looking and disgusting as an old sore.
You -worry over- At till the brain gro-rre -weary and xrork with it until the
patience is exhausted, and the very sight of the old festering; sickly looking
place makes you irritable,' despondent arid desperate.
A ; chronic, soreis the very best evidence that your blood "Via an unhealthy
ajjd irnpoyerished condition , that your constitution is breaking dorrn under
the effects of some serious disorder..^ The taking of strong medicines, like
mercury or potash, will sometimesso pollute and vitiate the blood and im-
pair the general system that the merest scratch or bruise results in obstinate
non-healing sores of the most offensive character. *¦
.. Often an inherited taintbreaksoutinlnglitful gating £qre& upon the limbs
or face in old age or middle life. "Whenever a^^ore refuses to heal the blood *
is always at fault/ and, r.while antiseptic washes, salves, soaps and powders
can do.much to keep doyra v the inflammation, an^cteansa&e' core,- it will ,
never heal permanently till the blood itself has been purified aid' the 'deadly '
germs and poisons^destroyed; and with S: S. S. this can be accomplished— the
>'""^ >'**'^ 0^^ blood is purified and. invigorated, and when
fO'lO' f(^^| rich.pure blood is again circulating freely throughout
'^*5J\ '"^^V^^^^^\ t * ie k o< b* the flesh around the old sore. begins to take
|*Jf/ oa a natural color, the discharge of i^attcr ceases
/¦^^r ; :.^!^r the, place .heals over-.,; _.. . ./. ,,
.S. S..S. is. both a.blood purifier and tonic that puts your blood in order
and at the same time tones' up the system, and builds up the general health.
' i M you have a chjxraic sore 'write usi J No charge for medical advice. ; '
.. ¦•'.'¦" ¦'.'".- '..- '., : . , ADV-SBTISEMENTa. •
•- 10 D ~ T E« VBIAI. Or BE. LA-XTKEKCE'S WOHDEEp-JL
<0m Vacuum Developer
AND INVIGORATOR
, T J t quickly and permanently restores Lost Strength, cures
UrLST jjjb Aarieocele. Stricture. Prostatlc Troubles/ Drains, and Develop*
\YZSSKTZjfjZr $.» r^ r i%riivll^ arred OT Undersized -parts by a simple HOME
QLSf . * *»c«A l*Jt.rsT. ¦.'.'¦ .-.''. •• - , • .. .
¦j^Kr .. It ., 11 * he only method" that stimulates a^ free circulation of
-J-25Z »"< Wood Into the debilitated organs. thus permanently
£*s£& ttrengthening and enlarging them. • • •
1 lit- '^ rite_ for 'f utl particulars and our 64-page Illustrated book
' M-« . N °- 9 - ehowing male system and fully explaining our remark-
<ij able methods, sent sealed In plain envelope— FREE. Every '
r • man should read It.
| > jfc. Our physicians sr« reliable and experienced Specialists • and
;i rure ell Diseases of Mm by modern and successful methbds.
i Y- Consultation fr*e a^d confidential at offices or by mail. Hour*.'- *
!;| S 4 a - ln - t0 ° "»: : m., Sundays. 1« to I. Also open evenlnr-x. ;•
| i Health Appliance Co.
fe^^g. 6 CPAEBEIL CT..(aekr Usrket:, SA5 PBASTCISCO.
'^T iSJ - — wTime, 1:18.. Start; good. '^Wou easily. -Win
ner.. J.^E.Uasquol & Co.'s b. h. by Fiddartha-
Ro»e Hlghley. Presbyterian 110. Wclr.1.08.
Mrs.-Wiggs 102." Flash. of -Nipht'M. Hookseoka
03. One More 103. Fugurtha «*, Weidemao 103,
Fickle Saint 06, also ran
SEVENTH RACE— Three-quarters ¦ of a
mile: selling: ,-• . • ,¦ . .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. o; Fin.
6 to 1 — Be Truer 100 (Troxler).. .. 3 2 12
10 to 1— Mlstle." 88 " (Howell) .'. . . . : . i 1 . 2 "
13 to 1— Charley's Dream, 00 (Shll- . -
ling)*. .....;........V.. ...... 9 4 8h
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin. .
7 to 2— Bengal. 101 (F. Smith) 4 2 12
8 to 1— Miss West. 07 (Cross)..... 3 '1 '18 '
7 to 3— Jake- Weber.* 100 (Gullett). 8 3 -33
.Timc, : l:28»i; Start bad. Won easily.
Winner, C.E. Burnett & Co.'s ch. L h. by Ben
Strome-Begum." Mimo 105, Orpheum 03, . Lan
dolal02. Professor Neville 104, also ran.
LONDON. July 4.— Oxford to-day won
the annual cricket match with Cam
bridge, begun at Lords grounds Thurs
day, by 268 rune. -. . . • .
Winner. W. Mulkey'a eh. g. by Dochkrt-GoM-'
en Sllpptr. " Ye Reszke;lO4, Orris 100, PetU-
John 00. firatecr 06, also ran.
N13W YORK,* July 4.— J. E. Madden to
day purchased E. R.' Thomas' half-inter
est in the two-year-old colt Pulsus, by
Topgallant-Glenhopc. The price is said to
be $15,000. Since his victory 'In the Great
Trial ptakes last Saturday horsemen re
gard Pulsus as one of tho best two-year
olds of the year.
Thomas Sells 'Interest in Pulsus.
N*PA. July 4.— The fi\-e- year-old daughter
of Thomas RuwwH fftl fit a hnus-boat this
•ufXfrnoon and was <Jrown*d. The family live
oh the boat. Russell Is a l«oatman and hunter.
Automobile bulldiner gives employment
to 20,000 persons in France.
FIFTH RACE — Mule and seventy yards;
wiling: »
Betting. Horse/ Weljht. Jockey, tit.: *i Fin.
5 to 2— Bas d'Or.* 00 (Calvlt)...:.. 1 a 12
6 to 1— The Messenger-, 9« (Scully); 7 3 • a nk
7 to 1— Pour. Pas, 9f (Bridewell). 5 1- 3 2
TJm«. l:l"*i. . Strct . : sooU. . Won easily.
RACE— If He and three-sixteenths;
Independence handles f. . •-. . • ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
« to 1— Edgardo, 00 (Hlgglm.) 3 3 13
lft to 5— Jack Young. 102 (Scully). 2 6 2 10
6 to 1— Joslo F. 00 (GuIIetO. 1 5 3 2
Time ¦ 2:02. , Start cood. ; , Won easily. Win
ner. J. K. ¦ Hughes* >r. p. by Tiger- Lucli dl
Lammermoor. Oudojarde 00, Lady Strath
snore 112. Helen Pr) it 86, . also ran. '
THIRD KACE— FlTe and a half furlongs;
puree :
Betting. Horse, Wel.tht, Jockey. St. cj j,-| a .
0 to 10— Jehane, 100 11 1 1
« to 1— Forehand, 13a (UrMeweJl) 0 5 2 nk
5 to 1— Don Alvaro. 103 (H)ggins) 2 2 ir
Time. IMOH. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. Turney . Bro».' ch. f. by Wawekus-
Blnk. Rcglna D 100, Imnoden 113. Tom Kiley
102. Lowana 1C0, LlMle Pirate 103, Scalper
100, Turando 103, als» ran.
SECOND RACE— 3IIIe and twenty yards;
? •lllne: . . •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *\ Fin.
7 to 1— Brown Vail. 00 (Wolff)... 2 3 13
25 to 1— Countess Clara. 104 (Eari) 3 2 2h
6 to 1— Murmur, 06 (Carmaek)... 8 7 3 2>
Time, 1:44U. Stiirt poor. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. I. Boolier's br. m. by Chatham-
Blue -Vail. Klnloch Park 104. Gasllghter 04,
Oalantbus 06. Venus Vlctris »7. Goo Goo J04.
Eufalla 92, Belle SUnpson 104, Little Corker
87, also ran. • .-' /. -y .-> ; _-
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 4. -The weather
tvas clear and the track fast at Delmar
to-day. Jehane, in the third, and Bas
d'Or, in the fifth races, were the only de
cided favorites to win, the other events
being taken hy'eccond choices and out
siders. Edgardo, winner of the Independ
ence Handicap, should have been favorite.
He won without an effort. Jack Young
running into second place. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six. furlones: selling: '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »iFln.
6 to 1— Mon. Peeress, 94 (Shea).. 4 3 J 6
15 to 1— Cotton Plant. 08 (Smith). 2 5 21
30 to 1— La Cache, 87 (HowelO... 5 2 Sh
Time, l:16i£. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner. Mr*. J. Coffin's b. f. by Montana-
Merry Peereus. Tenny Bell'; 04, Axares 102,
Ben.Hullum 93. Prince Light 1<>». Goudy 02.
Cadet 96. Dr. Clark OS, Landsecr 01, Mada
Belle 04, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First in Independence
Handicap at St.
Louis.
Take First Place in
Senior and Junior
Four- Oared Races
Senators Fight Gamely, but Are Out
played by the Southerners.
LOS ANGELES. July 4.— Los Ang«Ies took
both games from Sacramento to-day, the morn
ins game by the close score of 3 to 2 and the
afternoon game by the one-sided score of It
to 1. The - morning game was attended by .1S0O
i>p»etators; . WJ0 persons *aw the eecond ses
sion. In the morning Drlnkwater for the locals
blanked the visitors up to the eighth, when
consecutive hitting gave the Senator* two runs«.
The Seraphs made their three runs In- the
sixth. The afternoon game was marked by
superb pitching by Joe Corbett and heavy bat*
t!ng by the locals. Thomas was taken out In
the sixth and Kf-efe substituted. Three runs
were quickly scored off the youngstPr. Aftrr
this there was not much attempt at scoring by
the locals. Ix>s Angeles played star ball in
the field in both games. Corbett got three hits
In the afternoon, one of them a Jouble-eacker.
Scores:
Morning game — R. II. E.
Sacramento 0 0000002 0 — 2 10 1
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 Ox — 3 8 o
Batteries — Brown and Ilogan; Drlnkwater,
Spies and HurJburt.
Afternoon game — . . R. U.' E.
Sacramento ....00001000 0— 143
Los Angeles.... S 3 1 0 2 3 0 Ox— 11 12 1
Batteries— Thomas. Keefe and Hogan; Cor
bett and S?les. Umpire— Levy.
PORTLAND. July 4.— The customary Fourth
of July rain prevented this mornfng's came.
Thcraln ceased this afternoon In time to let
Portland tak« one of the hardest fought games
played here thin season. Score:
H. H. E.
Portland 2 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 x— o 7 l
Seattle 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— I 4 2
Catteries — Hogg and Hess; Hughes and Boet
tiger. '
ANGELS WIN BOTH GAMES.
EDGARDO TAKES
FEATURE EVENT
p jjv^ HE banks of Lake Merritt and the
1 1 boathouses on the Twelfth-street
11 bridge at Oakland were crowded
¦*^ j-esterday afternoon with pleasure
seekers to view the annual chanj
pionship rowing regatta of *thc Pacific
Athletic Association.
The Alameda Boat Club won the lion's
share of honors and prizes, taking first
place in the senior and junior barge races
and in the Junior outrigged Ekiff race; The
club lost first place in the Intermediate
barge race by the narrowest margin. Of
the seven events that constitute a full
championship regatta three did not fill,
these being the senior and -junior shell
and the senior outrigged skiff races. The
barge races were the main feature of the
afternoon's snort, the intermediate event
being an unusually close contest.
The first rowing event on the pro
gramme was the four-oared barge race
in the Intermediate class. In this there
were three starters. The Dolphins had
the outside, the Alamedas the center and
the South Ends th<« inside. Tlu; Alamedas
started off at <S strokes to the- minute,
keeping this rato up pretty well all over
the course. After turning the stakes the
South Ends and Alamedas came down the
home stretch neck and neck, the Dolphins
being considerably in the rear. The fin-
pic Boat Club and Stockton Athletic As
sociation had entered crews for this race,
but they did not appear at the -starting
line.
Before the senior barge. race was called
a man dressed as a farmer went out in a
rowboat with a person in feminine cos
tume. The latter fell out of the boat and
the man made ludicrous attempts to res
cue her. Another boat, in. . which wero a
policeman and a sculler, put out to the
scone of the confusion and the country
man was taken into custody. Tills little
divertlsement, arranged by S. J. Pem
broke, assisted by D. Carroll and C.
Clough of the Olympic Club, created much
amusement.
A 100-yard swimming race brought out
four competitors, E. Scott Leary winnlnp,
D. Carroll being second and C. Clough
third. A. W. Taylor was distanced.
In the senior barge race the Ariels had
the inside station, the South Ends the
center and the Alamedas the outside.
At the drop of the flag the Alameda crow
shot away, rowing an exceedingly rapid
stroke of 50 or 51 to the minute. After
turning the stakes the Alamedas had a
long lead and were still maintaining a
stroke of 48 to the minute. The Alamedas
won easily, boating the South Ends by
three or four lengths and the Ariels by
nearly twice as great a distance. Time.
,8 minutes. The winning crew was made
up of George Lewis, bow: E. B. Thorn
injj. No. 2: John Lewis. No. 3. />ml Vr*A
ish between the South Ends and the Ala
medas was so close that .most of the
spectators were unable to- tell which had
won. The South Ends were " announced
as winners by a few feet. Time, 8 min
utes 22 seconds. The winning crew was
made up as follows: Charles Jenkins,
bow; M. C. Cashman, No. 2; Matt Harris,
No. 3, and E. Pallas, stroke. The Olym-
P. J. Cadogan. who had been appointed
referee, not appearing, "\V. B. Hinchman,
chairman of the regatta committee of the
Pacific Association, took his place; W.
A. Patch, utarter, was also an absentee.
Robert McArthur of the South Ends per
formed the duties of starter, using a flag
Instead of a pistol. J. A.' Geddes was
marshal and M. J. Calnan assistant mar
shal. . The timers were A. P. Rothkopf,
George James and Major Charles H.
Smith. The judges at the turning stakes
and at the finishing line were chosen from
the following: Z. T. Thorning. W. P.
Nell, J. J. Gleason. Kenneth Melrose.
James Wilson, Len Frank?, Isaac Tuck
ler. F. Baker, A. G. Bell, C. A. Merz,"J.
S. Earls and C. M. Farrcll.
W. Ayers, stroke.
In the junior barge race three crews ap
peared at the starting line, the Olympics
having the inside station, the South Ends
the center and the Alamedas the outside.
The Olympic crew made a poor start,
though Boland, the stroke, seemed quick
er with his hands than any of the.strokes
except Fred Ayers. The Alamedas* turned
the stakes flr?t and won as they liked.
The Olympics took second place.
The junior outrigged skiff race was dis
appointing. The only com'petitors were
E. B. Thornlng of the Alameda Boat Club
and F. J. Sherry of tho Dolphin Boat
Club, who are old antagonists. On the
way to the turning point Sherry was
fouled by a rowboat wandering over tho
course and stopped pulling. Then he
went on. and rounded the stakes, but on
the way homo caught a crab and fell out
of his skiff. On coming ashore he stated
that on catching tho crab he was too tired
to recover himself. : ?-:';*
The tide was fair on both legs of the
course, as it was ebbing on the beat out
to the windward mark and flooding on
the run home. The time made was thus
The sloop Thelma. owned by S. S.
Marshall, W. W. Thompson and G.
Meserole. of the California Yacht Club,
maintained her winning streak yester
day; capturing the annual race for the
Wallace trophy.
A preparatory gun was fired at 11:50
a. in. and the starting gun at 12 noon.
The sloop Thelma crossed the line at
12:01:05 p. m.. and the yawl Iola, sailed
by Robert Vincent, at 12:01:23. There
was a moderate breeze at starting, but
after half an hour had elapsed the wind
freshened considerably and in the chan
nel it blew hard, with a heavy sea run
ning. ¦* :'H "'*,
¦ The yawl Iola would have done better
had she been reefed down, as she re
peatedly put her decks under. Within
three minutes after rounding 1 the Pre
sidio shoal buoy the spinnaker boom of
the sloop Thelma snapped in two. but
in spite of this drawback she finished
Ilrst at 2:24:29, tho Iola . crossing the
finishing line at 2:28:28. * , '
The skipper of the Iola lost some
time by setting. a course toward Sau
salito and overstanding the windward
mark so that he had to ease off sheets'
to round the buoy. The elapsed time of
Thelma was 2:24:29 and" her corrected
time, deducting an allowance of 2:51.
was 2:21:38. The elapsed time of Iola
was 2:2S:2S. Thelma won the race by
6 minutes 50 seconds corrected time.
The course vras from the southerly
pierhead of the Oakland broad-gauge
mole to and around Presidio shoal buoy
(passing Goat Island on the starboard
hand), leaving it on the port hand.
thence back to the starting point (pass
ing Goat Island on the port hand). The
course is reckoned as twelve nautical
miles.
Are Beaten by a Narrow Margin in the
Intermediate Class by a Crew From the
South End Rowing Club of This City
Swift Sloop Beats Yawl
Iola in a Race for
THELMA WINS
WALLACE CUP
unusually good. A large number of
yachts would have entered the raec had
it not been for the fact that the annu.it
up-river cruise of the California Yacht
Club began yesterday, and several of tho
skippers were busy preparing their
boats for the week's holiday.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 4.— Helena and Butt<5
divided honors In to-day's doubte-h*ad<»r.
the visitors taking the tnornin* game and the
locals the afternoon game. Attendance — Morn-
Ing, 2CO; afternoon, 30CO. Score:
Morning . cam« — R. IT. E.
Butte 0 01000000— t 7 1
Helena 1000111)00- S 9 «
Batteries — Bandolln and Swindells: Wijr**
and CarrUch. Umpires — Thompson and Ma
nafTey.
Afternoon game — H- "- «¦•-
Butte 0 « O 2 2 7 0 3 s— 14 1« 1
Helena O100O1OOO— 2 & 5
Batteries — Dowllnc and Thomas; Swindells
and Henry. Umpire— Mahaffey.
SPOKANE. July 4. — Salt I-ake tooW th«
morning ;ame by batting Slagle hard In the
last Inning and 1 by 8po*»n<* bunching her errors
at critical points. Milter was Invincible to the
Spokane batters.
. tn th<* afternoon game T>ammann allowed but
three him. Wild, throwing on the part of thi
visitor* waa reaDonslble for the lo«« of t!i3
game. Three of the runs secured by Spokane
were due to i>oor throwing. Score:
• Morning game — Tt. II. F-
Spokane 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0—2 4 „ 4
Salt Lake 2 0 0 10 0 0 4 4—11 V\ 2
Batteries— Slagle and Hanson; MlUer and
SUea. - ., _
Afternoon game — K- !'¦ C
Spokune 0 00020 12 x — 5 S J
Salt Lake 0 O 0 1 O 0 1 O O— 2 S «
Batteries — Dammann and Zaluaky; Quick
and Anderson.
When the came, was over they piled
on the Held, surrounded Warner and
pressed him against the fence surround
ing the left field bleachers, shoving down
a section of the fence. One of Warner's
hands was cut by somebody who tried
to puncture his chest protector with a
knife. Police officers. President Joe Car
man and Mrs. Warner escorted him down
town. A crowd of several hundred, which
srew in size every, block, followed the
party through the streets to the Donnelly
Hotel, throwlnc stlck3 and stones at in
tervals. They packed the hotel lobby,
pursuing the unfortunate umpire to th«
elevator. The crowd informed offloer3 of
the club and Warner that there would bo
worse things doing if he came to the park
in the afternoon. As a. result he stayed
away and Flannery and Glendon umpired
the afternoon same.. Baker went up in
the air in the second inning and three
bases on baits and three hits save San
Francisco tlve runs, a* lead which was
not overcome. Morning attendance. 2100;
afternoon attendance, 430O. Score:
Afternoon scame — ¦_ n. I*- K-
San Francisco f> 5 O « O «» 1 1 <*— T & -
Tacoma 0 1 1 O O O to O 0 — 2 4 • O
T5atterle»— Leitman and Zearfoss; Baker and
Byere. Umpire*— Glendon and Flannery-
Morning game — R- IT. E.
Tacoma... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 t 0 t— 2 11 2
San Francisco. .0010000002-3 1 /»
Batteries — Blewltt and Dyers: Glendon and
Z«arf089.
TACOMA. "Wash.. July 4. -The town
went baseball mad to-day. The mornins
Same was an exciting; ten-Inning affair
won by the visitors, who batted in two
runs in the tenth, aided by a bad throw.
A close decision by Warner in tho third
inning-, calling Glendon safe at the plate,
aroused the ire or the crowd.
?Pacific National League.) ->.
W. U Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Butte 44 25 .63> San Fran . . . . S3 34 .4tK*.
Los Ansel's.. 4:; 28 .«2S|Taconia 2» 4rt .42»i
Spokane SO 29 ..".;; jHel.n.t 24 43 .364
Seattle 57 SO .55l| Salt Lake.... 1 8.333
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
r.ducinsr hT own time half a second. The
Monk, also owned by Rilllnsp. went a
serial mile to wapon to beat l'.-0S* 4 . He
made the mile in 2.-O6.
•.CLEVELAND. July 4.- At the matinee
driving races held nt GlenrUIe Driving
Tark to-day Lou Dillon, owned by C. K.
0^ Billinefi. attempted to lower the reeord
of Alix (SK^i). and white not reducing
that rreord trotted u mile in 2^4'i. thus
Lou Dillon Reduces Own Becord.
SIXTH RACK— Selling; thre--year-olda and
upward; mile, amJ a rlxteenth: on turf:
Benin*. Horee. Weight. Jockey. Si. % Fin.
7 to i_TribeB Hill. Ill <I^ar»on) S ft 1 2
zn to 1— Dark Planet." 104 (Gannon) 4 113
16 to 5— Arden 109 (Cochran) 2 7 3 S
Time J :*» l-'»- Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. L. MeGlnnis* br. c. by Clifford-
Gareira. Past !>6. Carroll D K*6. Cogswell 105,
MeWHHams t04, Courtenay ¦ 10<l. Scoffer 102.
Neither One 08. Lowly 84, The Regent OS. also
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds; five
and a half rurlc-TRs:-
Hettln*. Home. Weight. Jockey, ft. *i Fin.
7 to i_vattary 106 (Rloe) i l i h
R to 1 — Eicentral. 100 <ri?h-r).v. S B 2 h
5 to 1 — Trouvill*". 105 ?'Hickii) '& a S 2
Tltnp. 1 :0*. Start fair. Won drlvln?. Win
ner U R ThnniaB' b. f. by Plaudit-Vender.
Sir 4 ' Walt »4. Sweet Ton* 1<M. llon-y Bee 1W,
Royaltcn W. Luminosity 111. Bcroea. 07.
Elcsta 22, Kingralne 104. also rao.
Time. 1:03 1-0. Start bad. Won ridden out.
"Winner. J W. Colt> br. c. by Potomac-Za
mom. Articulate 107 Igniter 100. t!lu»s 12»,
Lux Casta 111. Injunction 107. Tugai Hey 82,
IluntT naine 111. AlUn t\ also.iran.
FOI'RTII r.ACE-Lonjr Island hanOlrap
three -year-olds and up; mile and an eighth:
Betting. Hors». Welcht. Jockey. St. »i Kin.
ji> « o 1— Douro. 112 (Redfern) 13 1!
20 to 1 — Herbert. 12<) (Burns) f. 1 2 1
3 to 1 — Roehampton. 1OT (Co-hrn) i! 4 Sli
THIRD RACE— Spring stake; two-year-old? ;
Kin furlonre:
Betting. Hors* Weiifht. Jockey. Pt. "i Fin.
JO to 1 — O»Hant. 114 <Mhid«?r> 1112
1 to " — Broomstick 12S <Odom»..
20 To l — Moharlb. 114 <Bullman>. 3 3 ." %
Tlrn«». 1:13 1-5, t-'tart poor. Won ridden
out. Winner. A. "»^lmonfs b. e. by Galleaz
zo-Souveraln»'. Grecnrrest 111. Monadnock
114. Tim Payne lit. The £outhem-r lit, aleo
ran.
Tim«\ 1:13 2-5. poor. Won cleverly.
Winn»r, J. P* Kfrn? 1 ! br. c. bj' St. Gaticn-
Mlnuri. Knight of Harlem I>5. FacharometT
112. Alard hcheck 1K». Extravagania l>7.
Homestead 119. Klne Pepper 12S. ' riorhara
Qurcn 102. La<Jy Lake 05." also ran.
HLCOND RACE — Hlghwfi^ht hai-dlcap;
tbrr«-> ear-olds and upward; Fix furlonffs;
»>t»lPR. Horse. \\>lfirht. Jockey. ?t. »j Kin.
15 to 1— RiKordon. 122 'Oannon).. 7 « 1 .".
h to 1 — Duko Kendal. 115 (Bums) 5 3 2 I
11 to 5— Cinquevalll. 109 <Brnman> 1 1 :', 1
Tlm». fi:1»J 2-.V Start pood. Won drix-lnnr.
Mr. Chumblefp b. sr. by Flatlands-
I.ucky Ctorer. Judjt* Phillips 144. Mystic
Shrlncr 117, Uobalon«>t 107, also ran.
NEW YORK. July 4.-At the Coney Isl
and Jockey Club track to-day fully 40,-
O» persons saw J. \V. Colts" Pouro, with
Redfern up, win the Long Island handi
cap at one mile and a furlong. The Colt
horse wa6 quoted at 10 to 1. Summary:
FIRST HACE— Indrp»nd»nef st»eplechas»;
four-year-olds and up; about two and a half
nill«r:
netting. Horse WViRht. Jockey. St. =i Fin.
13 to 1ft— K. of Covpr. 158 *V>itch> 5 4 12
R to 1— Fox Uuntf-r. 133 (Gr«cn*) 4 12 1
14 to r» — Lavator 167 iMarai 3 2 ." li
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
Redfern Rides Winner
of Sheepshead Bay
Handicap.
DOURO CAPTURES
THE LONG ISLAND
\- '..-' AH. R. U.r.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
. v ha^.t^... .1113 2«"»'Ilra.cf. 4 O 2 n O
. M»an;-.rf .111 .-. OjDevrx.*.. 4 O O 2 .1
Ir«!n.3b. :; <> l it a i^oiiman.<- :: © n ;;
Pabtt.ir.. 4 1 2 12 o Murdk.rf 4 1 1 O O
•L.jnr»>.rf ;; I 1 1 A Raxter.Sh 4 O O 4 4
KrUK.lf.. 4 0 2 4 O Krujf^r.lf 4 O 2 1 O
r^lmn^b. ." COO 4'Rfllly.3b 40012
K'-lly.e.. 2 0 14 « Oorton.lb 4 0 O 14 1
•Whalen.pa O 0 0 BMckmn.p 4 0 2 0 8
Totals 2S 4 !»27 1lj Totals SO ~1 ~7 21 22
HUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland <• 0 0 1 O O O o O— I
. Kaf* hltf « <) 2 2 O 0 1 1 1—7
San Francisco 0 <> I O O 3 0 © x t
Ease hit* ,- 1 12 0 0 4 0 1 x— 8
SUMMAST.
Stolen bases -Phay. O'Hara 2. Murdock.
Krrors— Kru*. O'Hara. I»rima5, Raster. W'ha
.J»n. Three-base hit — KrtJ»r«r. First bane on
«rror* — San Franrlso I. Oakland 2. I'*1r»t bare
on railed balls — Off Whait-n 4. off >Iorklnian *i. i
1-^f* on b«y» - » — Sati Francisco «. Oakland 1O.
•STrU'-k out — Hy Wh»l»n 4. Passed baJI— Kellyl
Tim*- of t&rr.e —tjnc hour and 45 minutes. I'm
.pi re — O'Conn* 1 !!.
Moskiman in Poor Form.
.. i ne morning game at Oakland was
carily won by T'ncle's team by a hcore
iff i to I. Dr. Moskiman, who served up
the shoots for the Cripples, wan in poor
form. Ilr found it exceedingly difficult to
Locate thf> rubber. He walked six men in
in. In the seventh round four hits in a
r^w gave San Francisco" three runs and
the game. The Fcorc:
'San Kranrirr^n — I OaU-ianrl
visibly disappointed. The ppectators went
xway sore at the Fpectaele of a dopey
came, in ¦which the home team never had
» chance. All the way through the cn
"tire rir.e Innings it was one continual
dra*. and good luck alone Kept the score
down as low as it *a?.
•The whole San Franriseo team was full
of the real dope and n^t a. single man
played the frame even as well as they
do out on the park green. They could
not hit, while on the bases and in the
field they were something: awful. Only
iii one inning did the pride of the
metropolis Fhow any f-peed and then the
prayers quit before the score was iiny
wh<~re r.ear being 1 a tie.
. The Cripple started in early to hit the
• ball hard -and they never quit for a mo
, m^nt till th^ same was easily theirf.
: T*hoM» who di«i not connect safely with
"Oie ball pot lives <_.n errors and they
rrrtrrd runs. In all. twelve came in and
•Vhat seemed to satisfy them for the time
being at least.
The home team *.vs crippled by the
le^s of Tommy Lemby, who was forced to
• k^'p out of th<? camp on account of a bad
¦knef. Kelly, the utility man. went behind
the bat and mad'' a porry showing. He
.could not throw the ball ten feet. The
"•'ripples profited bv this and stole eight
*ba. c cs on the bewildered backstop.
.Th<- game was practically cinched in the
fim inning, when the Cripples started in
»ti<1 sent five of their number over the
rubber on four hits and a brace of errors.
Tr.f-y k»pt adding to th«5 until they had
the whole dozen runs rolled up and the
gamr- wfis theirs in a walk. The score:
t-"an Francisco — , Oakland— '
An. r. 11. p. a ah. n. 11. r. a
Shay.sK.. :» 1 2 5 2 .THra.rf. 4 :$ 2 1 0
Ue'ojr.rf 2 1 o 1 <• Iifvrx.si". 4 2 1.".*
Jrn-Iii.:<b 2 2 112 I>5hrr,n.e. 4 2 2 2 2
rabst.lb. :, «• 1 11 1 Murdk.rf 4 O 2 ;; <»
•.I..vnrh.cf .". 1 rt .". «• Ji«xtr.2b. 5 1 2 4 7
Urns. If.. 4 12 2 « Knurer.If 4 1 (t 1 O
lK-!ms.:h 4 i» .-; 1 1 n^llly.Sb 4 2 1 1 ."
KeJIr^-.- 4 «» « -2 I Cortn.lt>. S 1 2 12 1
' ttftlt-in.p :i •• «» <» ." U^e.p 4 O <> O 1
Ml^rr... I <» •• O '*
Undsv.p. !<»<)»! Tftals Zi 12 12 27 IS
Totals S3 « 9 27 IT
'Uatt'<i for Ifcx!«on In thr Hpfcth.
RUNS AND HITP DT INNINGS.
». l »iklan"l ...5 O A S O <• <> 1 S 12
.'¦ HaV<= iiitF 4 I O n O 1 O 1 2 12
fe»n Fratuiaco. I «• •• l ¦• <> f- * o H
'¦l>a'-Fr hits to « 2 O O 2 4 O 9
' . . 6UMMJUIT.
• Vtr«lrn bmca »O*Him <2». I>~vrr»aux <2>.
!rl.«y, I^>limar.. Baxter. Pabst. Gorton, R^illy.
Errors. - -Shay. Pabn. I»evereaui. Knj»r. Kel
ft-.* l:«>illy, lvlmas. Thr»>«>-ba*e Ml— O"Ilara.
Two 1m*t hits— Lohrnan. Krer, I>clmj5. Sac
rjf!.«> hits — Iifver»aui, !>»<•. Klret bat* on er
pnrs—San. PVmndaoa I. Oakland 4. Flm bas»
on eal!e<l b&.lr — Off Ho<jRon '2. ofT Mndsey 2,
"IT l>e* 4. I-»ft on Uf! — Ran Francipoo fc.
Oakland «i. !-:trurk out — l<\ H>v1son l. |j|t bv
pltrhrr — O'llara. HcxJiw.n. M^any. l>oublc play
•- l»*>ver*>aTsx to <"Iorton. I'affpd ball — IjOhman.
Vild pitches — Mod»on <2t. Tlm«- of game. 2
huurt 5 minutes. I'm^ire — O'Connell.
\bf boners for the 'giorJous Fourth vcre
rb'a red evenly. Score— First game: Sa:i
FrancJsro, 4; Oakland, 1. Second game-
Oakland. 12; San Francisco, 6.
Tbe larse holiday crowd that gathered
at Recreation Park in the afternoon was
Tbr Oaklao<1 baseball cripples Btlll re
fusr to be put out of the running- Tlicy
finished ftronjfly again yesterday in one
game, but f2iled to show in the other, to
(¦Pi^flr On«st League.)
W. I* rcU] "IV. L. Pet.
i«* unrrV*'" a .^nsloakiuid <<> 53 .4.0
Ka.m'Tierto .13 .«12. Prattle 31 49 .3*S
S« B rr«" O 39 ..ISTlPorUana »> 51 .3CS
STAVPTXG OF THK CLUES
He ni3 Team Puts Up a Weird
Exhibition at Becrea- >
ticn Park.
Receives a Knife Wound in
Hand From One of the
Angry Fans.
First Gams Is Easy forj
Uncle, but Fortune !
Then Turna
Jack Warner Is Roughly
Handled on Tacoma
Ball Field.
FRENZIED CROWD
ATTACKS UMPIRE
ALAMEDA BOAT CLUB'S CRACK OARSMEN TRIUMPH
IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP REGATTA ON LAKE MERRITT
HOLIDAY HONORS
EVENLY DIVIDED
BASEBALL, ROWING AND YACHT RACING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
WINNING CREWS IX THE ANNUAL,
qHAJlPIONSHIP REGATTA YES
TERDAY ON LAKE MERRITT.
35
:;i ']fM- ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦©B«B0H«H©H«l©B«101«B«HeB«H«H®H01«a©a©B«B«B0B«l©19Bea©10H0aQ!e»a»ltl
I Weak Stomachs Made Strong
S CWithout the Use of Drugs)
¦Bj Jm\ f * ** =] *?*^^S*?r— Bf^^^^ywBft^^^S^^BCSCJ^P^PBSCES Wf V fL F
¦a «^ I c|yCTMB*p|^^^WCnBTtTf*^^^^^Si5fiiff^^^TF^^ iB^^ !^^* l Bfi3iB3fBBiBfBiBMT^^^nn^^^BH^ ¦ w ¦% *^^?**^—^^J
«L wt& I ,\ 1 BM wMB^ZZ^SiJE!*IS* >l^ZB53BHCBnSJ^^^^^'*V^jiK^51>>B^i»^.^^Z^^^^ w ™* ;^BBr^BBJi^MBA."-»WMa m I JBv^SS^^Sf
¦jB H3 i * - a WBO^O&*S5z9!U^E9B5&r5^^^^50tsf9/!^3^^^^B^K^^Bi^^S£SS]&SB$t9iB^K**^^^^ijSff^B±. C '¦ \a •
B% ER \/*C^ \. -^~--^[;^5BiiT|i|fc|fc»p^^S,gW5^ j^^^Jn9j|v 1
t> The reason so many become chronic sufferers from Dyspepsia and Indigestjon is because they
5 depend on drugs, which occasionally give temporary relief between meals. Drugs do not cure; if they
Bi did, what need of their continuous use? .Why they do not cure is because they^fail to reach the source
• of the trouble, viz.: the pneumu-ga'tric nerve,, which alone gives power. to the stomach to digest .food.
5 When the nervous system;is weakfrom overwork or imprudence, the prieumo-ga^tric nerve',- which
¦ is an important member of the nervous system; 1 suffers, its share of the' general weakness. •• Then' the
S stomach fails to perform its function^, and the "doctors term this conditions" Nervous Dyspepsia.
5 > "Electricity is nerve food and nerve strength. When rightly applied, as I apply it with.my'Dr.
¦ McLaughlin Electric Belt, to the nerve centers, it cures to stay cured Dyspepsia, ; Indigestion and all
5 troubles of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys and other organs whose strength and health depend on condi-
• ;tion of the nerves. ?'?S$ ' v
• UK. 3. H. GOODMAN* of 244*4 E«st Ftr»t MB. ROBBRT U1NB of 1010 Alabama tlrett, MB. CHBIS FJFET.TFEX «f Watiiaiflfe
¦ ttroct. Vot ABfitoa. Cat; Bin: "I hare be«a *»n FraDcUoo, Cjl., ur»: "After wsarirryoor CtL , ,rt tet: »tt U about thirty «Uj» tlae« I
• -wearlBS yoor.Belt for U.W It ce> b -gfeSft. *£*&£«&?£ Zj\^l «««^ »« *» — ™ * !
3 : ; talaty has floae m« a fre«t detl of cood- I hirv tch, entirely rellcTlug tb* dlstma I mfferwl J»? reqne«te«L I cmn tty. to bepa wita. tail I
S fftlB«d flT9 poan<!t in ti»t time and toy tppe- from a weakened aetioo of t&at orjr»o. Other haVt f»t>ed aaterlally ln«*J*BKth. myttowart
¦ ; tlto' ia 'cood wherea* before bertanlnr th« ' »«wble« which were the direct rsralt ft thli Is mach better and 1 am tfcnroaxhlr «atl«ft»<t
• . «_ f » C 7 - .«L«V- ? «n^ ¦ ' atomach trouble have alao p«aM4 away. 1 with tb« appliance. 1 .ball be (lad to reeom-
H treatment I had n» appeate *t au. . ». j cbeertnUj recommend the Belt to an taffereta." mend the treataseat to my Wands."
S Fii^ F F Rfiflh: If you will give me a 'call,- or write for ray 80-pags book (beautifully illnstrated), I
2 "IV"*-^ L'V/,V/r* ,-wUl ?iveycumo-e fully the reasons \*hv ray Electric Bilt will cure you, aad refer
: vou to those who have been cured by it; af er spending hundreds of dollars for dru^s without avail
S DR. Mi e. McL4V(!HLIN> 906 Market St.,
• •Office hours— 8 a: m.to 8 p. m." Sundays, -10 to 1. Seattlcofflct, 105 Columbia st. Los Anselcs, 123 South Spring at.-
itiiiiiiitMiiHitiiifiifiHiitififitiiiiiiiiitiiitniiniHiitiiM
• ADVEBTISEMENTS. . ¦ ,_.^_.
Tnational automobile eor
V. PHONE SOUTH U*«. 13* to MS GOLDEN OiT3 AVE.
• . t^^— —^"i^ 1^^""" "^^^—" *— —— The largest and
caB WJBgwmBiWBMBH^ B * BH * naB W rCnJulu
? AUTOCAR— Touring Cars. TOLEDO— Touring Cars.
PEERLESS— Touring Cars. '
• • . fGlTe ns a call and we will sbow you a fine line of record-breakers.Sun, Moon and Tide.
A large American flag, suspended from
a grocery," became soaked .with rain
and the high wind blew it against an elec
tric light wire, which was carrying 2000
volts. The wire snapped under the pres
sure arid fell Into the street, one end lous
ing in a pool of water and charging it.
John Wlsa, running for * shelter, stepped
into the pool of water and fell dead.
Shortly after this tha Statti family,
numbering seven persons, urove by. The
driver was hurrying to reach a place of
sheltcr'and as he approached the broken
wire hundred? of people tried to warn
him of the danger, but could not make
him understand- until too late. One of
the horses stepped into the pool and fell
paralyzed. 'The v occupants of thesurrey
Immediately began to jump and four who
leaped from the side opposite :, the wire
escaped • Injury. But the . three on . the
other side in their excitement fell into
the water and .were shocked to death al
most instant }y. - Nono of I the j large crowd
who' witnessed.- the j accident could ap
proach the' .victims .until . the current ; was
shut off and for some time ; they i lay in
the street unattended. . .
GUISEPPE STATTI, her son, aged 22.
PITTSBURG. Pa., July 4.— During the
progress of a terrific rainstorm here to T
day four person3 were killed in an acci
dent of a most unusual character. The
dead: . ' • l
JOHN WISA/affed 40 years.
GUISEPPE BENDA, ared 21 years. ••
MRS. FRANCESCX STATTI, aged 54.
Beventh rao>. n»e and a half furlongs Al
monT won. Cold Finder second. Colonel Van
third. Time. lJOy. \ an
Eirhth race, five furlongs— Mocorito won
Olendennlng eecend. Sad Sam third. Tlmel
Fifth rsre. mils and a quarter. CeJebration
-handicap. »1000 to winner— Horatlus won Fus
ell eec-ond. Grail third. Time. 2:ir. '
Sixth race, one mile and 100 yards — Homice
tvon. Disturber aecond. Asmlaster third. Time
1 ;* i » ! y. '
Fourth race, flve and a half furlongs— Hol
taire won. Vt. ehoenian second, Modder third.
Time, 1:11 J 4 .
Third race, seven furlongs — Major Hooker
won. Milwaukee iwcond. William F third
Time, 1 :3i.
Kim r»ce, four and a half furlongs — CIlvoso
won. Mover s>|-ond. Alta ti third* Time. :55»i.
• Stt-oiid race, five furlongs — Annie ' Mat k
TVt!» "iiA F ' r * nk 6econd « F - E - S^w third.
•SEATTLE. Wash.. July 4.— Following Is a
summery of to-day'a racln* at The MeadoTrg.
which %»e* witnessed by 70C0 people In a driv
ing rain:
Racing Results at Seattle.
Weather Report.
U2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. July 4—5 p. m.
COA3T RECORD. '
~g X X g 5
B Bg S3 *(2 •9* £
S tat.on S . | |r|i_|r..^ I
is^fifllli.i
noseburs ....--{O.ftS CS M. N Pt Cirfv "^
Sacramento ..2!>.76 02 U S ria«, V £
Salt Lake ...2D.BS 78 4S SK r ear 'X!
fe. L. ObUpo. .29.M W M n' r ear *2i
fWSi»i(3a;B If? si I
WEATHER CONDITIONS. AND GEXER it
FORECAST AI *
.Cloudy weather prevails over th« nwts.«.
portion of the PacltJc Slop, and fa£ over .h"
southern. Ught rain has fallen over North
crn Oregon. Washington and Western Mcmta^"
Thunderstorms are reported ftom XV.jiTw^i"
la and Baker City. »»ai.a \\al
.- Tbej«mperatur« has fallen over Washing
ton. Ore*cm. Northern Idaho and alon, ,?"
Central California coast. It h*« ri.nn °2* !5°
interior of California. Nevada?\* aa VnT A rt!
Th« follow Inir high wlnda are r«v«.«.,i
North Head. 46 miles p«r hour fro^T fs =
northwest: Eaker City. .W north^st- EureV^°
ii 1 * northwest: Independence. 2tt northwJS^ A
Modena. 28 southwest. northwe»l, and
¦ : Forecasr mad. at San Francisco for *hir/«
hours, ending mtdnlsht July a- wr tnirty
Northern California— Fair Sunday fr..», .
brisk northwest wind "«=uay. fresh to
we S s T wtad. C * Utoni *-V** Sunday; fresh
Nevada -Cloudy Sunday; • probably showed
In north portion. . »aowers
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair «?nn#».«
brlsk we-terly. wind. . O. H AVIIL^OV y *
Local Forecaster. Temporarily m Chars e. 4
NEW" YORK. July. 4.— The all-night
conference between the Employers' As
sociation and the committees V from the
labor unions adopted resolutions early
to-day pledging the labor representa
tives ' present • individually-and severally
to not only report^ the action taken here,
but also to advocate in their respective
unions the adoption, of the arbitration
plans adopted las. t . night. , . „ ;
- A ' resolution ¦ signed by-all the 'dele
gates of the unions present was adopted,"
declaring that tbe wages now paid^ in
unskilled .trades shall not. be reduced
nor- the hours increased , ; for v one,, year
from the date "pf the general" acceptance
of -this agreement. In , any. " difficulty,
arising hi the unskilled trades they may,
through the mechanics.of,that^particu
lar trade, have representation in the
general ; arbitration boara.< . . ,. ' : . . V ; ¦* .
New , York Employers . and s Labor
Unions Adopt Joint Resolutions.'
. . .-* ? : — ¦ .
ALL FAVOR ARBITRATION.
LONDON. July *•— I- B. Hamilton, an
American theatrical manager, who has
been associated for years with Charlea
Frohman, was married to-day . to Chris
tine McGill, daughter of the late royal
academician. W. Murdock McGIU.
utivc committee of the .American,Smelt
ing and Refining Company, said: .
. "We will go on operating as long as we
can get men to work, j Our j furnaces are
all down this morning and it may be some
time before we can again, run on full ca
pacity, but we will work if we can do so."
"Will you consent to treat in any way
with the unions?"
. "We will have no conferences whatever.
We will never consent to. the domination
of the Western Federation of Miners."
Marries an English Oirl.
Snaps Under Strain and
Charges "Water in
Jettisons Part of Cargo— Will Bring
What Is Left to This
Port. • s
LONDON, July 4.— The British ship Ben
Lee. Captain Anderson, from Hamburg
February 9 for Han Francisco, was spoken
May 5 in latitude 3 degrees south, longi
tude 3 west, and signaled that she was
twice thrown on her beam endes. She also
reported that ehe was obliged to jettison
a portion of her cargo.
SHIP BEN LEE TWICE
THROWN ON BEAM ENDS
DENVER, Colo.. July 4.-Thc managers
of tne Denver smelters were taken com
pletely by Kurprjse last night when, at a
meeting; of the emeltermen's union, a
strike was declared taking effect at once,
and they were wholly unprepared for the
walkout which followed. By the drawing
of the fires from under the furnaces at
the Grant and Globe smelters the risk of
a heavy Ioeb to the American SmeltlnK
and Refining Company was Incurred. At
the two cmelters there were eleven fur
naces full of ore and should they "freeze
up" they will have to be blasted out and
rebuilt. It is 8aid by those Informed on
the situation that this strike la the first
move in a general campaign for an eight
hour day-for all unions affiliated with the
Western Federation of Miners and that
the fifflit will be made to a llr.ish. There
arc 2500 men employed in the three smelt
ers of Denver, but the Argo plant, which
is Independent of the trust, will probably
not be involved in the strike. There is
an immense amount of ore to be smelted,
and if the furnaces are not attended to
in a few hours they will grow cold and it
will require an outlay of about $300,000 to
repair the damage that will be done.
A train of twenty-seven ore cars was
derailed at the entrance of the Globe
smelter to-day by a calked switch.
In the disturbance attending the with
drawal of the men Engineer William Ed
wards was struck on the head with a
club and badly injured.
The polico department was called upon
for help by the smelter people and fifty
specials were sworn in and taken to the
Glebe smelter under command of Chief
Armstrong. An equal number of specials
were sent to the Grant smelter. The
smelter people are considering the advis
ability of requesting the Governor to call
out the State troops to guard their plants.
General Manager Guiterman of the
American Smelting and Refining Com
pany said to-day that the two plants
would'tje operated in spite of the strike
and that the men who go to work in place
of the strikers will be protected ' at . all
hazards. • ¦
The number of strikers at the two
smelters Is 873.
A strike was also inaugurated to-day at
the United 8tates Reduction and Refining
Company's mills at Colorado City and la
bor leaders say that the Cripple Creek
miners will b© called out liveympathy. j? 'i
When asked to-day if the companyjin
tended to continue running Its plants in
the face of the opposition of the Western
Federation of Miners, former Governor
James B. Grant, •chairman of the exec-
Drawing of Fires May
Result in a Very "
Serious Loss.
1 _ TO ARP.IVE. ... -. . _
Etearaer. From. | Due.
Mackinaw.... Tacoma {July 5
PeVinK China & Japan JJuly S
Coos Hay....: San Pedro & Way Ptsjjuly 5
sj»n Mateo. . . Tacoma lJuly H
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael [July t»
Lakme ban Pedro (July - «
S. Monica Grays Harlwr [July tt
Newburg £an Pcdru 'July 0
Chehalls drays Harbon- .iJuly B
Eartka Humboldt Uuly a
Olympic...... Kan Pedro (July tl
State of Cal.. Han Vicgo &. Way Pts.jJuly U
Arcata Coos Bay & PC Orford|July. 0
Sonoma Sydney & Wai* Port!. IJuly ti
Umatilla i'uget Sound Ports JJuly «
Nebratkan Honolulu & Kuhulul {July U;
Ccqullle Rive San Pedro July 7 !
Arco *»• Kel River Ports. ...... July 7;
Pomona Uumbcldt , July . . 7 i
Enterprise... Hllo ...'...; July 7!
Htdondo San Pedro ...July 8
North Fork.; Humbpldi ? $ July 8
Colon New York via Panama. July S 1
J. Dollar Seattle and Tacoma.... July S '
Centralla Grays Harbor ..July 3
Columbia....*. "Portland & Astoria July 0:
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way rts.'July 0
Chlco Coqullle River IJuly 9
Ucnderah HamburK & Way Pts. IJuly 10
Point Arena.. Point Arena IJuly lrt
R. Dollar 1 San Pedro IJuly 10
Queen I Puget Sound l'orts. .. .(July U
Doric 1 China and Japan.. IJuly It
TO SAIL. ' j
Steamer. Destination. Stills. Pier. 1
July n. .
U. LlnOauei Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10 I
!-».ma Cruz. Newport <fc Way... U am Pier lu
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. y am Pier 1:1
CltyPuebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July 0. :
Newburg... days Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
(.ciona...., Humtfoldt |l:3upPierl9
C. Nelson.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. | Pier '¦£
Vt. Arena.. 1'olnt Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic;;.- Wtiatcom & Falrh'n 6 pm Pier £
... .Inly 7.
Phoenix . • Pt 'Arena&Mendcno 1 pm Pier 13
G. W. Eld»> Astoria & Portland U am Pier 2-1
H. K. Maru China & Japan./.. . 1 pm Pier 10
AilUme. .. Eureka & Coqs Bay 7 pm Pier iti
.Inly M;
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier J;:
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier lit
Arcata Coos B. & Pt.Orford 12 in Pier W
Jal>- JK .
Pomona Humboldt ..... 1 :30 p Pier 19
Arso Eel River Ports..... 4 pm Pier S3
Nebraska u. Honolulu & Kabului 3 pra Pier II! ,
State of Cal sm Piego & Way. » am Piar. ly
C.iracao.... Mexican Ports..... 10 am Pier 11
Jnly lO.ni
V>. Dollar... Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
iS. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier *
Marlposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Umtttllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
Jnly 11. •"
F'.Paul Nomo & St Michael 2 pm Pier —
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 j m Pier 40
Chico Coqullle River « pm Pier 2
July IS. f
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
North Fork, Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
Columbia.;. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pl«r 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 pm Pier 2 i
¦July 15. i
Peking China & Japan 1 pm Pier 4<r
Queen Pcget Sound Ports. 11 "am Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE. . ~~--
Eteamer. | ¦ For. , I Sails.
Nome C)ty... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts| July 5
City Topeka.. tikagway & Way Ports. July 6
Spqkano Slcagway & Waj Ports. July 7
Bertha.. Valdex & Way Ports.. July 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. | July 8
Koanoke Nume & St. Michael. . .IJuly U
Cottage City. fikas-WBy A Way. Ports. IJuly 10
Tamplco Nom» & St. Michael. ..(July 12
City Seattle.. Skajrway & Way Ports.|JuIy 14
Dirigo. ....... Skagway & Way Ports.) July 15
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Conemaugh.. Ncme &' St. Michael... July. 15.
Banta Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 1«
Kur*ka .1 Nome IJuly 20
LIVE WIRE FINDS
FOUR VICTIMS
The Brady Glacier Is two and, a half
mlks wide and thirty-five miles long. It
is unlike the Muir Glacier in that Its ice
does not break oft' and fall Into the bay.
The glacier was easy of access at higl}
water, when they went in, but coming
back to shore again they found the ship's
boats high and dry and the water nearly
two miles away. Some of the party got
through, but the mud was too deep for
the women. Governor Bratly, Mr. Parker,
a director of the St. Louis Exposition;
Captain Ntcolson and others made pack
horses of themselves and carried the la
dles through mud and water, sometimes
waist deep. .
Thirty passengers of the Spokane land
ed, and for the first time several women
went to the top of the big ice field. Cap
tain Nicholson had anchored the Spokane
two and a half miles from ahqrc, Tho
party went under his direction in the aft
ernoon, expecting to return at 6 o'clock,
but it was 11 o'clock at night before they
reached the steamer, after several excit
ing adventures.
- TACOMA. July 4.— The steamship Spo
kane, which arrived to-day from Alaska
with many tourists, made a special trip
to Brady Glacier, named after Alaska's
Governor, who was on board the Spokane
on this trip. The glacier, which wad dis
covered by Governor Brady twenty-five
years ago. is in Tuylor Bay, about thirty
miles out of the usual course of steam
era. . . •
Special Diepatch to The Call
Women Visit an Alaskan
Glacier and Sea
Recedes. .
Without seeking to detract in the slight
est degree from the heroic actions of
William Christian, the colored miner who
assisted In savins; many lives after the
explosion, the people here agree that the
pre-eminent hero of the day of the dis
aster was Frank Collins, an expert Eng
lish miner. He was one of the first men
to enter the mine after the explosion and
he carried out eleven men before he was
himself overcome by this firedamp.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. July 4.— The people
of Cheyenne, Rawlins. L.aram!e and other
cities of Wyoming are preparing to give
liberal cash aid to the families of vic
tims of the Hanna disaster. All who want
to go to. their old homes will be sent free
of expense.
The coal company is supplying the fami
lies of all victims with food. Later, how
ever, financial assistance will be needed
by many women with families of. small
children.
HANNA. Wyo.. July 4.— The fire in the
Union Pacific mine is now confined to a
small space and has been shut off. Many
new experienceu miners are here and it is
believed that by Monday or Tuesday the
bouies of me 230 victims will be reached.
The interior is terribly damaged and work
of clearing up proceeds slowly. It fs pos
sible that the lower workings may be
sealed up and thus become tombs of tho
unfortunate miners.
— , — «
Fire in the Hanna Mine
Has at Last Bsen
Shut Off.
NEW . YORK— Arrived July 4— Stmr N«w
York, from Southampton; stmr La Touralne
trom Havre. ¦ ' v ' .
Sailed July - • 4— Stmr Princess Irene, for
Genoa, etc; »tmr Manitou, for London; atmr
Kroonland, for Antwerp:, stmr Umbrla.- for
Liverpool: stmr Fnrnessia. for Glasgow; gtmr
Norge, for Copenhagen, etc; «tmr AfrWI. for
QU E EN STOWN— Sailed July 4— Stmr Cedric.
from Liverpool, ' for New- York.- '
ANTWERP— Sailed July 4— Stmr Finland
f or • N«w York. . '-' r ¦ - / . •¦
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 4— -Stmr Etrurla
for 1 N«w . York. . , * , ...
Arrived July 3— Stmr Englishman.' ifrom
Portland: «trar UHonla. from. Boston, vu
Queenstown. • ¦ " v '-'* T / -.:.-. -
CHERBOURG— Sailed- July 4 — Stmr Phila
delphia," from Southampton, .for New York
¦ Arrived July 4— Stmr Friederlch der Grosse
from Ntw York.' via -Plymouth, 'for Bremen'
and pi»ee«ded.v - --:¦'. ' • *
BREMEN— Sailed. .July .4— atmr - Koen.'gen
Lulse, for New York. t
HAVRE— Sailed July 4— Stmr La Lorraine
Xor New .York. • • .'.. - '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BRISTOL— In roads July 3— Ger ship Hen
rietta, from Port Gamble.
CORK— Arrlred "July I— Br «hlp Penywern.
from - Tacoma. ' ) .
DUNKIRK— Sailed July 1— Fr ship Bayonne,
LONDON— Sailed July 3— F*f bark* Noemi.
for Newcastle. England, and San Franciaco. '
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 4— Ja^ stmr Nip
pon Mary, . for San ¦ FrancUco. Juno 13 — Br
ship Chiltonford. for. Victoria. June 21— Stmr
Lyra, for Victoria.
PORT NATAL— Arrived May 20— Rus 3 ship
Slylfld. from Vancouver, and ordered to DeU
f°EAsV" LONDON— Sailed May 22— Br bark
Pass of Balmaha. for Newcastle. Aus, and San
Francisco. : : .---¦:—,. - - -¦/
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 4 — Er itmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver, for Australia; atmr Ne>
vadan.' hence. June 26: bark Gerard C Ttobey.
from Nanaimo; bktn . Coronado, hence June 9.
ISLAND PORT.
' Stmr Ianua, Bonlfisld, SR hours from Eu
reka. . • • ' "¦ " ¦ • . -.'-. \
i Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 17 hours from Cas-
I par.
; Sjtmr Corona, Johnson, 10 boors from Eu
; reka. • .
Stmr Eroeklyn, Hl?pins. 13 hours from Fort
, Brag*. ...
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 16 hourt from Al
bion.
Stmr Phoenix. OUland, 14 hours from Men.
doclno.
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels, 23 hours from Eu
r«ka.
j 8tmr Alli.-ir.ce, liar sen. 5Vi days from,Port
land, via Astoria hours.
I Tug Keller. Marshall. 32 hours from San
1 Diego. • . •
Fr ship Ducherse de Berry, Testulesl, 370
days from Cardiff, via Cape Town 165 days,
and via Ho tart SS days.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 4.
Stmr Rslnier, Uansen, Seattle.
Stmr South Hay, Jamiason, Eureka.
• Stmr Coronado. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner. Eureka.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlatrom. Portland.
Stmr Alameda. iiowdell, Honolulu. '
Strar Celia. D«vitt. Albion. ,
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladysmith.
Schr Oakland, Brown. TlHamook Bay.
Hktn H G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu.
Brig W G Irwin, Gartfrley, Roche Harbor.
~ spokek. iQr.'r' "'I
Per »tmr Chas Nelson— July 3, lat 41 N. !
Ion 124 :JS W, parsed the U S stain N«w York, I
Bennlng-ton and Marblehead steering north.
Strong SW gal* blowing and heavy seas.
June 3, lat :. Ion 25 W. tr_ba.rk Amlral
Courbet, from Gltszow, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC. :
POINT LOBOS. Julyv'tr 10 p m— Weather
haxy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POltTS. :
POINT LOBOS— Passed July 4 — Stmr San
Pedro, from Eureka, for San • Pedro. '
ORATS HARBOH— Arrived July 2— Stmr
Centralla. hence June 27. ,
Sailed July ;: — Schr Fearless, for Guaymas;
schr Warson A West, for Cap* Town; schrs
Jennie Thelin and Fanny Adcle. for San Fran
cisco; »2hr Endeavor, for San Pedro; achr
' Fanny Dutard. for Kueneme. . - . ,
SEATTLE— Arrived July 4— Stmr' Spokane,
from Sltka: stmr City of Topeka, from Skag
way: stmr I'ortland, for Noj^«.'
Sailed July 3 — 8tmr Hnroboldt. for Skagway.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 4. 5 p m—
Stmr Coos Bay, tor San Francisco.-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 4— Bktn
Robert 8udd*n. for Port Townsend.
SAN PEQRO— Arrived July 4— Schr Beulfth,
I from Umpqua; schr Expansion, from Tacoma;
I schr William Nottingham, from Everett.
Sailed July 4 — Stmr . Pasadena, for Eureka;
¦tmr Olyrroie, for San Francisco. . . *
TATOOSH— Passed in July . I — Stmr"' "Nome
Cltv. from Nome, for Seattle. .
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 4 — Schr Oceania
Vance, from Port Hadlock.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 4— Stmr Columbia,
hence July 2.
EUREKA— Arrived July 4— Stinr North
Fork, hence July 2. ¦ . .
wons for money.f>2 8-16 Norfolk & We3t. 67ft
»'ons for account. 02 H Nor & West pfd.- 91
Anaconda 4Vt Ontario & Westn. 291*
Atchisjo C0% Pennsylvania ft*U
Atchlson pfd . 05^ (leading 2BS
Baltimore & Ohio. 87% Reading 1st pfd.. 42
Canadian Pacitic..l27Mi Reading 2d pfd. .. S&4
Ches & Ohio :«>M, Southern Ry S»4
Chgo G Westarn. 19\|So Railway pfd... SMS
Thgo, M & St P. 104 V4I southern Pacific.. HO%
Den & Rio Gr... 23H L'nlon' Pacific 83'^,
D 6. H O pfd 8fiH Union Pac pfd... 00^
Erie 3U« V 8 Steel. 31 S
Hrie 1st pfd .. «9H V S Steel pfd.... 8-'»H
Erie 2d pfd .. 8S Wabash 24T,
Illlno'g Central.. .137 Watash pfd 44%
Lout* & Nasb 1U Rands 10U
Mo, Kara & Tex. 22tf De Beers 20U
N Y Central 131
Dar silver, quiet," 24 8-16d per ounce! Money,
lVi«j>H per cent. The rate of discount In the
(-pt.ii market for short bills Is 2".; per cent,
and for three months" bills 2U per cent.
London Stock Market.
SURF DESERTS
FAIR VOYAGERS
According to I^ord Rayleigh, a film of
oil on water may be so thin that its
thickness is no more .than one twenty
five millionth of an inch, which Is com
puted to be, in all probability, the size
of a molecule of the oil.
Although outbatted by the visitors, Nevr
York won tbe morning game throusrJj Chicago's
fcostly errors. Attendance, C50y. Bcore:
New York 5 7' i
Chicago 3 a 0
B*Uerie«— Chesbro and O'Cbnnor; Vvhite and
McFurland. Umpire — Sheridan.
WASHINGTON. July 4.— Washington ca.»lly
beat the Cle\ eland Americans in the inornins
Batnc At the end of the first inning Lajole
»»s ordered off the field for disputing the um
pire's decisions.- but refused to obey the um
pire's instructions and had to be escorted from
the field by one of the park watchmen. Um
pire Cerutherfi was overcome by tbe heat at the
end of tl»t fourth Inning and Mace officiated
Attendance I'M*. Score:
1 npton «..•.¦•••••.•••••••.. 10 u "
Cleveland S u, j
Battrrtcs — Orth. Townsend and Drill: Wright
and Bemis.
U. H. E.
Host#n 2 7 0
s^t. Louis « 2
Batteries — Birw-cn and Crlger; Sudhoft and
K a hoe.
TV-.Ft'-n »on the mornin? «rame by buncliintf
four eirKles In the t¦e^¦enth Inning, which, with
Hiir« wild throw, netted them four runs. At
tendance. C2OG. Score:
P.. II. E.
Ilo^ton 4 l<t i
Et, Louis 1 o j
Batteries— Hushes and Stahl; fciever anJ
Kaboe.
NEW VOHK. July 4-.\Vw York won the
afternoon ran) 1 ? from ffclcagu. the ncor* being
exactly the same at the first same. U Mv
•Karland's Fijler.did work in left flfld uas the
feature. i>l.«-*r* r-rror in the sixth inning was
\ery costly and decided the contett. Store:
£i" : Ti*v. *¦ "• h
Chicago : 3 s j
natterics— Griffith and O'Connor; Flaherty
ami Slaitery.
IIIlLArilCLPHIA. July i.— Donovan's mat
tfrly pitching r»-sulted in a shut-out for the
loi-alr in the aftrnioon game. Detroit's fi»-ld
jiiB was ixrfert. Tht crowd t nerersltatrd a
Ki-ound rule which helped the \isiung bats
mrn. Attendance, 2o,<X>0. Score:
n. u. e.
Wtroit 5 IT O
l-;:l!«d<rlrhia O 4 1
nsttrrirts— Donovan and McGuire; Waddell
nr.J 6hj«<*.
Ojipoiiune hitinr cave the morr.inr game to
th* t harnj.ions. Attendance, 7103. sfcort:
It. H. E.
Pliilaiipiphia 4 11 l
iMn It « 12 1
Batteries — Plank and Po*ers: Kitson and
liuelow
BOSTON. July 4— The arternoon contest was
a pitchers" liattle in which Luneen proved suc
cerFful Boston won by bunching hits in tlie
ii^urth ar.J eighth innings. Attendance, »40w
Sforc:
AMERICAN LEAGUE
ST. LOl'IS. July 4. — St. Louis won th« af
ternoon came by clean and cohe*iv« hitting
st opportune times. Mttingcr ivm ineffective
v.hen nil? meant runs. Five misplajs were
chsJkcA up ciah:?t Boston, while the home
team made four <rrors. A sensational run
ring cstc!) by Smoot wis the feature of th»
csxne. Attendance. 1/ltX*. Score:
K. H. E.
M. Louis S 9 4
Boston 5 10 5
Hatteries— Rhcades and J. O'Neill; Plttlngtr
.and Moran. Urarlrt — lTmsI!e.
St. Louis lost the 'mornlr.r game to the Bos
ton* by * fcore cf 5 to 1. Danlcsvy. who
ttarted to pitch for St. Louis, trib knocked
• ut of tho Lux in the second tnnliiK. Platt
i>itchea a steady came. Attendance, 41CO.
is core:
EL H. E.
Bt Louis t 7 i
Boston 5 1*> -
Batteries — L'unleavv. Brown and Ityan;
l'!e:t arid Morau. Umpire — Ernslie.
'I.VCINNATI. July 4.— Cincinnati ajuia de
feated Rrouklyn !n the afternoon rarne by
!irn»ly hitting, thereby passing- Brooklyn for
!-->urth place. Jcnef" delivery was a puzzle to
the li>ca] men until the seventh lnnlnr, when
they pounded Mm for three runs, «u<J in the
eighth, to cinrh a victory, runs up flve more
tallies. Attendance, COOy. Score:
R. 11. E.
Cincinnati H IS 2
rtrookljr. 2 B 2
Htttrries— rhijlpjs and I"Vtx; Jones ar.d IUt
tcr. I'mpircs— Mcran and Ilulliday.
There were more than 10.000 people at the
RiorniiiK rarne. notwithstanding tin intense
b^at. JafklitsrhV tr.umb was broken by a
toul tip from Beckley'n bat in the s«<--cnd in
r.inc- Schmidt w«s knocked out or the box in
th*' third ir.nlng and was replaced by Vlckere,
»h> lared no better. The score:
n. h. n.
Brooklyn •'{ 3 4
Cincinnati 11 13 1
Batteries— Schmidt. Vickers anj rtitter:
Poole ani lierren. Umpires — Moron and Hol
lida:-.
riTTSBI'RG. July 4. — Just before the time
for the a!t<?rnoon siir.p a terriCo rainstorm
< am* ui> anJ delayed the start. The pame
, «va« playt-'J In BXBd and water, yet the content
' «¦«! a cod one. with Philadelphia outclassed.
Alternant*. TOO 1 .'.. Sccrt:
R. H. E.
I'ittsburc T i:< 'i
l'hi!a<Jc1ph;a 1 9 2
Iiatterios— PhilijTl and Weaver; Sparks and
"Dumn. Umpire— Jclii:ttcse.
The Pittsburcs found Vrazer «a?y the latter
\.-:t of the miniinx came and won with case.
Lfcvcr wae a puzzle to the PMlltei all
through and only two men rcacheU third base.
.X-.iendince. l?,t'Tl. tJcere:
n. h. e.
Pittsbiirj: 7 12 O
Philadelphia « O S 2
Kattcrlcs — Leever and Weaver: Kraicr and
Both.
CHICAGO. . July i. — Chicago won the open
iiiK eatne to-day by batting three of the visi
tors' ritetifrs all over the grounds. N«w
¦York'i. rune were materially afcsisted by the
io<al'K ciTcr*. Tinker was the star of the
sramp. both «t tbe bat and In the field. At
t'.r.danc*. «J5(X». Score:
n. h. e.
• 'hicajro 1«J 1st B
SCcar Vork a 10 :}
THatttrleF — Weimar and Klir.^: McGlnnlty,
Taji'^r. Crcnin and Warner. Umpire — O'Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Realizing that there v/as no hope of
covering the whole course Sir Thomas
recalled the tug Cruiser, which was
acting as mark boat, to a point eleven
miles from the starting 1 line. After
roundlnsr the tug the yachts were taken
in tow for Sandy Ilook. The summary:
Klapsed
Start. Finish. Time.
Shamrock III 12:22:40 4::tt:-Ml 4:11:W)
Shamrock 1 12:20:20 8:02:50 4:42:10
Shamrock III won by 31 minutes 10 seconds.
The trial was planned to be over a
thtrty-milo ciwue to tho windward and
back, but t:iebrei-z« held so light that
tho trial -was finished after tho yachts
had sailed eleven miles to windward.
Starting .In the lee of the old boat
Shamrock 'III slipped by her. and soon
after the start the new challenger tried
to pa>s to windward of Shamrock I.
Captain BeviB luffed the old boat and
Captain Wring gave it up and tacked.
Bucking a Ions swell that often shook
the wind out of her sails,. Shamrock III
worked out to windward, and half an
hour later, when not more than three
miles had been sailed, the new boat had
the windward position and the lead. In
two hours' sailing the old boat " was
more than a mile astern and dropping
behind. After, that Shamrock III gained
every mile.
NEW YORK. July 4.— The Shamrock
III to-fiay proved herself a .veritable
ghost in light winds by defeating Sham
rock I moro than thirty-one minutes in
an Eleven mile beat to windward.* It was
a drifting match In a wind averaging
no better than three or four, miles an
hour. If Shamrock I,- as reported, Is ten
mlnu ten faster than ever before, on a
thirty. mHo course, to-day's performance
of tho new cup challenger was- little
short of marvclouB. To-night the men
on Sir Thomas' fleet were of the opinion
that if the Reliance could huvo btfaten
Shamrock III to-day the days of \ nilr
acles are not pant. Changes that vastly
improved the new boat had evidently
been made /Jlnces yesterday. !
Movement of Steamers.
Every steam schooner that could got into
port yesterday and between sunrise and 5
o'clock a dozen coasters had made. port. Only
half a dozen vessels sailed during the day.
Many Steam Schooners Arrive.
Nearly every, vessel in the harbor, whether
alongside the wharf or In the stream, was
gayly decorated yesterday In honor of the
Fourth. Sailing vessels and steamships al'kc
donned their brightest an.l best and from
Mefggs wharf to the Pacific Mail dock buntlhg
In infinite variety of shape and. color flutter*. I
on the holiday breeze. . The Wyoming nnd
Concord, only representatives of the navy In
the harbor, outdid themselves In the decorat
ing- line. The 'Wyoming, with strings of flag*
from el;nal mast to forward rail and to the
extremity of port and starboard boat booms,
appeared a solid triangle of many colors, and
the Concord, with a string of bunting frvm
after rail to bowsprit and stretched from truck
to truck of her two masts, was equally ?\>r
rpoue in her Independence clay display. The
HrltisK ships, as usual, were elaborately dsr?
rated. b--t not more so than ¦ the steamships
Marlpose, Herodot,. Hongknnff Maru, the
Spreckels tugboats and other vessels of all
sorts anil sizes.
Dressed in bunting In honor of the day,
the Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameda sailed at 11 o'clock yesterday
morning for Honolulu. She carried more
than. fifty cabin passengers and in splfe
of tho fact that she sailed on a holiday
Pacific-street^ wharf was crowded with a
smartly-dressed throng mttde up of
friends" of the departing travelers. ,
The Alameda' carried a full cargo. Her
¦passengers included: -'
Mien A. Atfair.«. C. F. Alexander. Mr*. H.
G. Alexander. MUs II. Alexander, Charles
Batss. -R. lit\\, R. Blcknell.'C. T. Bird. 1.
Burns, Miss C. Caafleld, B. . Cartwrlght Jr..
Mias M. E. Clark. Miss Cola. P. G. Cox. Clar
enco Crowall, 8. M. Damon, W. Douglap, Mrs.
I)ou«!as. Z. ¦ T. George, R. G. Henderaon, II.
II. Henricl, Mlsa K. Howden. C. Hunt, Miss J.
da Larticue. J. P. X.uddy. U. V>. Mahone. II.
T. Mareh, MrB. March. MlSs Marshall. Mre. J.
McAdam, Dr. G. W. McConnell, Mrs. S. D.
McConnell, F. J. McGHiiehey. M;ss M. Meln
tyre, A. K. Moss, J. E. O'Connor, Mrs. Pep
pine, E. Perry, T. E. Roblnscn. Miss G. Kot
eoe. A. Seale, R. Slaughter,. II. Slott, F. -A.
Smith. John Speck, H. G. Spencer, Miss M.
Stantcn. C. Stlne, Mrs. Stine, Mr«. J. M. Wil
liams and child and Mrs. K. M. Wright.
¦ r-^0
Shipping Gayly Decorated.
MAY YET REACH
MINERS' BODIES
Points.
Etlery H. Clark. Boston A. A 6.118*4
Adam B. Gunn. Y. M. C. A.. Buffalo SRoSli.
F. W. C. Foster. Harvard ITnlveislty. . .imstj
J. F. Mahoney. N*. Y. A. O ..6300
William H. Oreen. Baltimore* A. C 4S73
J. J. Ryan. St. Bartholomew 'A. C. .... .4«VKMi
Lewi* Mnns*. Mohawk A. C 3086
Martin L. Cain, Wllllston. Maas 0330
NEW YORK. July 4.-Sweltering heat
somewhat handicapped the "athletes to
day in their efforts to win the all-around
championship title of the Amateur Ath
latic Union of the /United States at Celtic
Park, Long Island City. In all of the
events the competition was keen.
Ellery H. Clark, Boston'Athletic'Asso
ciation, won the title with a total of C318Vi
points. He was'" the champion in 1897.
Adam B. Gurin. Central Young Men's
Christian Association of Buffalo, N. Y.,
the champion of the last two years, was
second with 580SVi points, and F. W. C.
Fester. Harvard, third, with 6348# points.
The performance of the old champion,
Gunn, was most remarkable, consider
ing that he competed in the defense of his
title with a badly Injured foot. His right
foot had been spiked while he waa prac
ticing for the championship.
Up to the last two events, the running
bread lump and tho one-mile run, Clark
was ahead of the world's record for the
point contest, mado by Harry Gill jj of
i Toronto In 1900. At the close Clark was
only a little behind the figures made by
Gill, which were 6360^4 points.
In the 100-yard dash, the flrBt event,
Clark and Foster each won his heat In
10 4-5 seconds. Gunn was away poorly In
his race and finished last, limping badly.
The next event, the shotput, proved
easy for Gun. who won it with forty feet.
Gunn held up well In the high. jump,
¦which developed at the close into a pretty
contest between Mahoney, New York Ath
letic Club, and (Jteen of Baltimore, each
clearing 5 feet 6% inche*.
Clark took the mile walk in the easiest
eort of fashion, beating Gunn 'by nine
seconds.
Clark proved his cuperiority in the next
test, the hammer-throw, by throwing the
weight 122 feet \i inch, while Gunn. who
was next best, scored second with 96 feet
2>4 inches.
The nnal point score 'follows:
SMELTERMEN
DECLARE STRIKE
As the twelfth round opened Root re
served his ebbing strength for an attempt
at Gardner's Jaw. f Root was almost lifted
off his feet by a wicked one in the wind.
Another smash .to the etomach made Root
proggy and swlnps on the Jav/ sent him
down. He took the count, got up and was
floored again. He sot up and Gardner
stepped up to him carefully, aimed care
fully and sent his right through Roofs
weak guard to the jaw. Root was on hia
knees when the referee counted ten. Ho
was up a second after and put tip his
guard, but the referee sent him to his
corner. The twelfth round lasted two
minutes and twenty seconds.
The crowd was not large. The expen
sive seat3 showed very bare. Manager
Herman had banked on a J20.000 gate, but
he says he broke only a little to the good.
The men pot into the ring for the main
bout shortly after 4 o'clock, after a sec
tion cf the roof had been taken off. A
hot sun beat down on the resincd can
vas. Referee McBride called the men to
gether and warned them about tho Can
adian law and the necessity of avoiding
hitting in the clinches. The gong then
rang and the men were at It. From the
tap of the bell Gardner showed his bu
pericrlty over Root. He forced the fight
ing, Root leading only when he had to
do so. Gardner opened with a wicked left
to Root's face and followed It up with
swings to the body. Gardner had Root
weary when the round ended. The Lo
well man's most effective blows were the
left to the stomach and Root winced with
pain every time they landed. From the
first round to tho ninth Gardner kept up
the pounding: on Root's stomach. The
men fought very fairly, but the referee
had his hands full separating them in the
cjinches.
AVith the ninth round came the begin
ning of Root's undoing. Gardner rapped
a smashing right to the body and Root
came back with two rights to the jaw,
but George rushed In and sent a long
right swing to Jack's jaw. Root was
dazed. Two smashes in the. etomach
brought his guard down and a clip on the
jaw sent him to the floor. Root took nine
seconds on -his knees and when he got
up he ran into another smash in the
wind and the gong saved him. Root was
worried as Gardner came to him In the
tonth round. Gardner wa3 short in hl3
swings and they wrestled a bit. A left to
the wind lifted Root off his feet and an
uppercut shook him. but he fought back
derperateiy. Gardner rushed Jack around,
fighting wildly in his eagerness. " The
round ended with Root much distressed.
As the gong sounded for the eleventh
round Gardner eent a left to the jav and
Root came back with two swings to the
face. Gardner rushed Root about the
ring, beating a merry tattoo on his ribs.
Root rallied ana sent his right and left to
the head hard and his crowd cheered.
Gardner seemed dazed, but in the clinch
he winked a long-drawn wink to his sec
onds and as soon as the clinch was broken
he Kent three rights to Jack's head. Koot
ran away, but a long swing caught him
back of the car and he sprawled on the
floor, almost rolling out of the ring. He
took the count. Two punches to the jaw
staggered Root again and a couple of up
percuts sent him flat on his back as the
gong founded. His seconds dragged .him
to his corner.
BUFFALO, N. Y., July 4.— George Gard
ner of Lowell. Mass.. defeated Jack Root
of Chicago in the arena of the Interna
tional Athletic Club at Fort Erie this af
ternoon. The bout, scheduled for twenty
rounds, lasted twelve. The men fought
for the championship of the light heavy
weight class, a purse of $7000 and a dia
mond medal.
Three rounds of the open stake were
run- oft yesterday at Ingleside Coursing
Park and furnished ideal sport to the
large holiday crowd in attendance.
Many of the courses were of »he sensa
tional order. Tho one between Lulu Girl
and Bob R furnished excitement for the
spectators,. being decided directly in front
of the "grand stand.
A classified stake U on the card in ad
dltlton to the open event finals for to-day.
There are fifty-six entries, among which
are some of the "fastest coursers in the
Silver Heels looks to have a good chance
for the hencrs. with Mount Rose and van
dal in close competition.
Following are the- day's results, with
Judge Thomas TIerney's official scores:
'Open (take, first roqnd-L.dy Cbiqultt beat
Sir Lawrence, U-0: Diamond Head beat Jim
O'Uonnell. 12-4; BlaeR Flush beat Thetis. IU-*.
OiMvard Maud beat Half Moon. W-7; May Flush
btat Belle Hill, «-0; Una b«at Flmr o( doiil.
3-0; Atritatcr beat Rac.ng dancer. 13-10; *°« n *
Ftarlcss beat Idaho Boy. 8-»: Equator beat
Rich Argosy. 8-3; St. Conn beat Meddlesom*.
4-.i; Yankee Boy beat iJUlt Mercy. 4--: JJly
Wrlsht beat Naughty Ulrl, B-2; Kagrle beat
Castle Blarney. 4-^; Medley beat Bright Gold.
7-5; Tom Sayersbeat Comanche. i:J-6; Lady
Menlo beat 8napp«r Garrison, B-0; - Little
Hunger beat Moonbeam, 27-1; Golden Garter
b«at Krebus, 1-0; Linda Vista beat War Ea?le.
a<i-l; isiteveKamon beat J. N. Bowhay. io-1;
Waipath beat Terronette C-3; Bob K beat May
Htmpstead. 3-2; Lulu Girl beat Teddle Ne«
nan.^2-4; Algrle McDonald beat FrUky Bar
bar*; 8-2; Harlean Gladys beat Mountain Echo.
8-1; Siren beat Miss Urtzije, 3-1; Topsy Turvey
beat Harvey M. 12-«; Old Ironsides beat White
Mystery, 14-3; Mollie Mo beat Fancho. 17-5;
i i -ornethcus beat Pepper Jack, 4-0; Advance
Guard beat Rockefeller, 4-1; Prairie Maid beat
Lady Granard. 6-1.
Second round — Lady Chlqulta beat Diamond
Head. S-0: Black Flush beat Onward Maud.
(»-»!; May Flush beat Una, »;-O; Young Fearlesa.
a bye: Equator beat St. Conn. 9-1; Lily Wright
beat Yankee Boy. 5-O; Eagle beat Medley. 8>7;
Lady Menlo teat Tarn Sayers, 3-0; Golden Gar
ter beat Llttl* Plungor, 4-0; Slievenamon beat
Linda Vista, 4-0; Warpath beat Bob R. 8-4;
Lulu Girl beat Aisle McDonald. 1S-4; Siren
beat "Harlean Gladys, 3-0: Old Ironsides b«at
Top*y Turvey, C-3; Prometheus beat Molly Me,
S-H; Advance Guard beat Prairie Maid, 0-2.
Third round— LadK Ohfquita beat Black
Flush. 8-4; Young Fearless beat May "Flush,
7-5; Lily Wright beat Kquator. 6-0; Golden
Garter beat Medley, f-1: Lady Menlo beat
Slievenamon. S-4; Lulu Girl beat Bob R. VZ-M;
Old Ironsidta beat Siren. S-l; Prometheus beat
Advance Guard, K-0.
Outsails Shamrock I Thirty-
One M mutes in Eleven-
Carries Big Cargo and Takes
More Than Fifty Cabin
Event Has Ma^y Champions
in^ Its" Long List of • /
Light Heavyweight Fight at
Fort Erie Is Not Well
Attended. •
Gunn, Victor in Past Two
Tournaments, Runs With
Iojured Foot.
Cincinnati Celebrates Fourth
by Drubbing Brooklyn
Twice.
Lipton's Boat Shows
Great Speed in Work
' to Windwards
Sensational Catch Enliv
ens Afternoon Game
With Boston.
Root, Badly Battered, Is
Sent to His Corner
by Referee.
Liner Leaves Port, .Gay
With Fourth of July '
Decorations.
Young Courser Favored
" for the Classified
Wins Amateur Athletic
Championship at
Celtic Park.
HARD HITTING
HELPS ST. LOUIS
CLARK IS KING
OF CINDER PATH
GARDNER WINS
IN THE TWELFTH
PROVES A GHOST
IN LIGHT WINDS
ALAMEDA SAILS
FOR HONOLULU
SILVER HEELS
IS THE CHOICE
•
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALJi, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
PITTSBURG.Pa., July 4.— Augustus E,,W.
Painter, one of the most" prominent lrcm manu
facturers and financiers of Ptttsburp, died early
to-day at his" home : In ' Allegheny, after- an
Illness of eight weeks, ot diabetes, aged CO
Shipping Intelligence.
AnniVKD.
¦ . . Saturday, July_ 4. •".
Stmr Gualala, Adler. -0 hours from McnUo
clno.. • -. ¦-'••- •-- -•¦ t •- ¦ ¦-
1 Stmr Scotia, Erickson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. ' ' - ¦ •¦¦'- ¦.>-- : ¦»-• ¦• * ¦ -
Stmr Ceo W Klder, Shea. 00 hours . from
Portland, via Astoria' 49 hours. •'"" ¦ -
¦ Stmr Chas Nelson, Andrectn. SO -hour* from
Seattle.- - • - ••" -<• . .
Newport Oirl Dies in England.
LONDON. July 4.— Mra. James Wads
• ¦worth Ritchie, daughter, of G. Meade
Tooker and daughter-in-law of Mrs. C.
. Adair. and formerly of Newport, R. I.,
died to-day of blood poisoning at Ashwell,
' Sutlandshlre.
•Fully 2,500 persons commit - suicide In
Russia every year -
NEW ORLEANS, La., July 4._The
Board of Trade is considering the idea of
establishing a department for trading in
contracts for future delivery of grain
New Orleans Is now the chief grain ex
porting city of the United States, and
grain men think they should be given' a
chance to hedge on deliveries in New Or
lean« Instead of being obliged to use the
St. Louis or Chicago markets.
Want to Trade in Contracts,
United State* Coast and -Geodetic Surv«y —
Times end Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Polnr. . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. PublUhed by official au
' ¦ thorlty of the Superintendent/
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city- front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later, than at. Fort Point;'
the highest tide Is the same at both places. •
SUNDAY. JULY 5.
Sun .rises "..:.. '. . 4:52
Sun sets 7:33
Moon sets 2:33 a. m.
O Time iTime) Tlmel - |Tlroe|
g. Ft. Ft (Ft.. I 1 Ft.
? L W IH Wi - . ¦ ¦ L \V) )H Wl ¦
"5 2:J.-{ 0.31 »::».« 4.3 .2:03 2.61 8:321 5.8
6 3:30—0.110:30 '4.0 2:55 .2.8 »:17 0.7
8 4:4U— O.5J12:OO 4.7 4:25 S.1 tO:S5 "5.6
0 5:24—0.6 12:40 4.S 0:07 3.1 11:11 - 5.3
10 5:r.5|— 0.4) 1:16 4.0| 0:46 : 3.1|1I:45 5.2
'NOTE— In the above exuesitton of :he tides
ths- early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the oider of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column rives the last tide of the
day, exctpt when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given art In
addition to the soundings of the United Stat-.s
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the heights, .and then the number
given. Is subtracted from : the .'depth given by
the charts. The clane of reference Is the
mean of tbe lower low waters." "¦>
36
I ADVEBTISEMENTS.
T-T" : - - '
iR The present unparalleled situation ffl
\ a offers the greatest opportunity for fc|
fl quickly : . realising- enormous proflta on H
H' Corn lnrestme,Bta ever known. The ttj
1 past holds no record of »uch condi- W
H .tlons aa thos. extstlns at present, and M
! B those who take advantag; of present M
M prices have every cbance for a n
g fortune. Such opportunities come bu: S
9 - seldom. Do not fall to Investigate till* g
H unesualetl chance to quickly realize j|
3 handsome returns on money Invested. S
1 BUY IT NOW ! 1
§2 The demand for Corn la Increasing rj
si 'at a. rate far in excess of the supply. M
I Both the demand at home and abroad M
IB 1, increasing to an enormous extent. H
Corn Is now the basts of over ens M
hundred different by-products which E
were until recently unknown. These. W
by-products utllUe an «normoU9 f |
amount of Corn, thus greatly Increaa- pi
Ing the demand. The Corn crops of H
1901 and 1902 were exceedingly small. H
The crop or 1905 was very Urge, but H
because of Hhe Inclement weather |1
much of it was left In the fields all |j
winter and ruined. A very small part j
of it was up to contract grade. Th» B
result was a greater Corn H
than ever. •- £j
A GREAT CORN I
if SHORTAGE I
; n Th*e world's supply of Corn ts W 5?I- 2]
3 ly inadequate to meet th« demand. Th« m
3 disastrous Hoods of l*te which latrt n
' H waste hundreds or thousands of fccres ft]
: B of Corn reduced the possible crop KS
1 millions of bushels and destroyed every IW
i H hope of relief. A Corn shortage In th« ||
M face of the greatly Increased demand n
1 B will be the greatest in the history of H
i B the country. juj
; I ' CORN IS CORNERED I
H the Rig elevator Interes* of Chicago. Fl
W "^Vhen thefe big operators are* reidy. C2
H and begin to squeeze the market. Corn HJ
H win go to record br-aklng prices. \U W
R have no hesitancy In predicting that «
H September Corn, will sell for 15 cents. If4
"I Natural .conditions Justify higher rj
! W\ prlcea than present quotations, and 13
' m this coupled with the fact that Corn H
i ia cornered makes it practically cer- H
' H tain that Corn will experience in the E f i
TM near future ¦ a very sensational aj- U
a vance. , ¦ ¦ • fA
1 SEND F03 m BOOKLET. |
El It la the most complete ami com-.,' a
H prehensive txxiklet of lt» kind ev#r m
H issued, and Is Riled with new and [el
3 valuable Information which r.-lll prova : 'I
al prufltablc and Interesting to you. It (a
3 explains our methods and tells you «
\ |i everything you . would want to know ' fl
! jf beforo investing. <3
1. WE ARE COIN SPECIALISTS. 1
W and devote out entire attention and 'i
IB enexgies to that commodity exclusive- j a
i In ly, consequently f.'e are better fitted C
: kjl for handling. Corn transactions than ; »
t H an >" other commission house in the f
I EM country. Our facilities are unexcelled. f
: K end they are at your command. IXo i
I M wiI ' ? lv * ; vou the services of our com-
l 1 plete organization, and help you to
] jj profit by the present situation. J
I. URGE CAPITAL NOT \
¥ NEC.SSARY. j
I ' Our plan gives small Investments C9
9 the protection of large added capital. H
K v e furnish our client* with statements J
B. of all transactions made so that they D
1 may be familiar with the- progress of M
B their investments. 'When dealing on a H
a two cent margin, the customary one, D
El $25.C0 buys 1220 bushels: $5O.»,t) buy» Ej
3 '^500 bushels;. 9100.00 buys Juixt bush- W
J els. and •S50O.CO buys bushels. . H
3 Kvery advance of two cents per bushel j
tS doubles your money. ... w!
3 - Do not delay., but telegraph us your .M
a order at once. an<i let your remittance EB
m follow by mall. HIGHEST BANKING 9
*j AND COMMERCIAL REFERENCE. gj
1 MERCHANT^BROKERAGE I
1 & COMMISSION CO, B
I Suite 101, Gay Building,
I ... ST. LOUIS, M0. IArtery Cut by Explosion..
"El Mocho" to Succeed Puledo as
Venezuelan Representative
in Washington.
CARACAS. Venezuela, July 4.— General
Jose Manuel Hernandez j (El Mocho) has
been appointed Venezuelan Minister to
the United States, superseding Senor
Puledo, who for more than three years
has acted as Venezuelan Charge d'Af
falres in Washington. ( General Hernan
dez's son and Senor Para will be secreta
ries of the legation.
CASTRO NAMES FORMER
FOE TO BE MINISTER
ST. PETERSBURG. July 4.— Vice Pres
ident Gross of an American locomotive
company has arrived here, and consider
able newspaper comment has been
aroused by his presence at the Russian
capital. It is said that his mission con
cerns not only locomotives, but an inves
tigation of the financial and economic
conditions of Russia in the Interest of va
rious groups of American financiers, and
also an Inquiry into the feasibility of ex
porting South Russian Iron ores to Amer
ica. - : i '¦•--\-' •.>
American Locomotive Manufacturer's
Visit to St. Petersburg Excites
Russian Capital.
RUSSIA MAY EXPORT IRON
ORES TO UNITED STATES
Fourth of July turned out to be a sad
day for Clarence Nlto of 1270 v Grayson
street. West Berkeley, for it cost him a
large portion of his left cheek. It seems
the boy was curious to know why a cer
tain blank cartridge in his toy pistol did
not go off. In order to discover the whys
and wherefores of It he looked down the
barrel of the weapon. At an unfortunate
moment, however, he pulled the trigger
and the weapon was discharged. The wad
and powder tore a big hole in his cheek,
just a little below the eye, and so lacer
ated It that it required the services of a
physician and a large amount of thread to
sew it together again. The boy will bear
a scar for the rest of his days..
Willie Vass. aged 14 years, shot off the
Index finger of his left hand with a can
non this morning in front of his home on
Ashby avenue. | The weapon went off pre
maturely while the boy was repairing It.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
211S Center Street. July 4.
BOYS ARE INJURED
. BY TOY WEAPONS
' POMONA." July : 4,— This has been the
greatest Fourth of July in 'the history of
Pomona .Valley. -Pomona citizens, raised
the largest sum ever known here for cele
bration purposes.*. The'day has been a hot
one ; as * far as - temperature is concerned
aiid Very '.lively In the way of celebrations.
The prize" competition for tie best, drilled'
militia ."company'' south of ( the Tehachapt
Mountains brought troops here ! "from all
parts J of Sou them California. I'jThe; prize
was a $500 silk flag and this was won by
the company from, Riverside." The judges
were /army; officers from the fort at' Sari
Diego. " ¦
Thousands of people .'came into Pomona
from all this region; and for hours : the
Competitive Drill -a Feature of. the
Pomona Celebration.
RIVERSIDE : WINS . FLAG.
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— Independence
day in^Los Angeles was a day' of outing
for half tho population. Exercises com
memorative of the day were held at Haz
ard's Pavilion at 2 o'clock to-day, where
eloquent addresses were listened to by
4000 persons. -The beaches and other near
by resorts were thronged by the largest
crowds in their history. It is estimated
by the electric lines and steam railroads
that 60,000 persons left' the city. Long
Beach, Santa Monica, Ocean Park, Re
dondo. Terminal Island, Playa Del Rey,
Catalina and other seaside resorts accom
modated the great majority of these
thousands. Interior points, however, like
Mount Lowe, Santa Anita and even San
Diego were overrun with' Los Angelans.
About 1500 persons went to San Diego on
special excursion trains. !
Two ball games In this city and the ten
nis tournament at Ocean Park furnished
attractions for many thousands. To-night
there was a grand display ofyflreworks at
Agricultural Park, which was' witnessed
by a" very large crowd. At Hazard's Pa
vilion this- afternoon music "and speeches
hel« the crowds two hours. The hall was
beautifully decorated with flags and bunt
ing. Rev. E. J. Inwood pronounced the
Invocation. , The, reading of the-Declara
tion of Independence by Major McFie and
speeches by Lamar Harris and Rev. John
L. Pltner followed. Senator Fred M.
Smith was -chairman. ¦,"',
Los Angelans Leave City and Throng
Surrounding Resorts.
SPEND DAY IN SUNSHINE.
Mary Gonzales. aged 26, an inmate of a
house at 9 Hinckley alley, was fatally
burned shortly after 1 o'clock this morn
ing through the explosion of a coal oil
lamp, the flaming oil from, which set firo
to her clothing. Patrolmen Merchant!
and Matheson went to her rescue, and
after extinguishing the flames had the un
fortunate woman removed to tho hospital.
Woman Fatally Burned.
SAN DIEGO, July 4.— Ever since 8
o'clock last night San Diego has rever
berated with the explosions of cannon
crackers, shotguns and dynamite bombs.
Hundreds of out-of-town people are in the
city to-day. A monster procession parad
ed the streets and proceeded to the big
public park, where a thousand trees were
planted, under the auspices of the Wood
men of the World. In the afternoon the
crowd crossed to Coronado Beach, where
an extended programme of entertainment
was carried out, Including international
boat races between the crews of tho
French cruiser Protet and the training
ship Adams. Elaborate arrangements have
been made for. a display of fireworks at
Coronado to-night.
Plants 1OOO Trees and Holds a
Monster Street Parade.
SAN DIEGO CELEBRATES.
Michael Switz, a watchman employed
by Korbel Bros., box manufacturers at
720 Bryant street, was held up and robbed
of his watch, revolver and 55 cents In coin
shortly before 8 o'clock last night by four
footpads. The watchman's cries brought
Officer Skelly to the scene and he suc
ceeded in capturing two of them.
Switz was standing in front of the placa
when he was suddenly surprised by the
four men, one of whom held a revolver
to his head, while the others searched
him. After taking all he had the robbers
ran down Madison avenue. The watch
man called for help and Officer Skelly.
who was in the vicinity, gave chase.
The men the officer captured gave their
names as John Burns and John Reid and
were positively identified by th© watch
man as the men who had held him up.
On their persona were found Swltz's
watch and revolver. They were booked
at the City Hall police station on charges
of robbery.
Michael Switz Relieved of His Re
volv-. Watch and Coin, by
Bold Highwaymen.
FOUR FOOTPADS HOLD
UP AND ROB WATCHMAN
Gibson Gray. 8 yearn of age, while in
Golden Gate Park was injured by the ex
plosion of a toy cannon. | Gray looked into
the muzzle of the cannon to see If the
powder was in place when It exploded,
Santa Sabasto, aged 16 years, residing
at 824 Greenwich 8tr*rt,. while firing a
toy pistol sent the w«3 of a blank cart
ridge into his left haf.d.
William Elford. reslUng at 420 Clemen
tina street, had the tip of the index finger
of his left hand In jura J by the discharge
of a toy pistol.' . . ; r.
George W. Hansen, residing at 837 Kan
sas street, was celebrating with a toy pis
tol when It exploded, sending the wad
Into his left hand.
Alfred Colin, resldln* at 37 Rlnggold
street, near the Five-iuila House, experi
mented with a, toy cannon. The weapon
exploded, sending fragments of the charges
into his left leg. He was treated at the
City and County Hospital and it Is prob
able that he will lose the limb.
John Dedrlck. residing at 219 Tenth
street, -while riding ote a streetcar.- fired
off a toy pistol; with Ihe result that' he
shot off a. portion of ihe index finger of
his left hand.
Dan Davis, residing at Twenty-eighth
street and Powell avenue, while standing
on the sidewalk at Third and Mission
streets, was struck In the calf of the right
leg by the wadding of a cannon. The
wound is of a serious nature, as the leg
was severely torn by . the force of the ex
plosion.
Bert Burton, aged 14 3 - ears, residing at
Fountain street. Alameda, while looking
at some boys shooting toy pistols on Mar
ket street received the force of an explod
ing blank cartridge over the right eye.
Maggie Jease, owner of a notion store
at 2305 Bryant street, while making a sale
of a toy pistol to a youth was shot in
the left hand. She did not know tha
weapon was loaded. She was treated at
the City and County Hospital by Dr. Mc-
Elroy.
William Alford, 'residing at 430 Clemen
tina street, while discharging a top pis
tol received the wad of a blank cartridge
In tho left hand, the index finger of the
hand being mutilated.
Paul Esran, 11 years old, living at 1333&
Pine street, had his face severely burned
while looking into a toy cannon to see
why it had failed to explode. After de
termining this question he was treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital.
George Holtz, 16 years old, residing at
11V& Lanpton street, was shot In the left
hand while using a toy pistol. The wad
of a blank cartridge was lodged in his
hand and Chief Surgeon Bunncll was
called upon to extract it.
P. Landen, while working in a sawmill
at Twenty-first and Eureka streets, had
his attention drawn by the discharge of
fireworks in the street. He accidentally
placed his hand upon the steel circular
saw and lost a Joint of his middle finger
on the left hand. .
Alexander Beck, 17 years old, residing
at 797 Stevenson street, had the palm of
his left hand terribly Injured! by the pre
mature discharge of a toy cannon. He
was given attendance at the Central
Emergency Hospital. He *is probably
maimed for life.
lessly handled fireworks. The
number of accidents was far below the
average for a Fourth of July, however,
owing to the absenco from tho city of
many thousands of people.
C. W. Dixon. who resides in Oakland,
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital for the loss of the little finger
cf his right hand. The finger was torn
away by the accidental discharge of a
revolver which Dixon was pulling from
his pocket.
POLICE officers and hospital official's
were kept fairly busy yesterday in
attending to the victims of care-
Fireworks Cause
Rush of Work at
City Hospitals
OAKLAND. July 4.— While attempting
to board a moving train at the Sixteenth
street depot to-day Dr. A. S. Linson, an
optician, residing at 703 Geary street. San
Francisco, was thrown to the ground, sus
taining a bad sprain of the left shoulder
and an abrasion of the left hand.
Dr. A. S. Linson Hurt.
The plant of the Wunder Brewing Com
pany was In danger of destruction -about
8 o'clock, but prompt action on the part
of the flrcmen saved the place. The loss
was Blight.' . . \ ,
The residence of Mrs._ Katherlne Peter
at 866 Filbert street was badly damaged
shortly after .9 o'clock. The roof was
badly burned and part of the house gut
ted. Fireworks were' the' cause.
The residence of Mrs. Katherlne Cole
man at ]1 Clara street was slightly dam
aged shortly after noon. Cause, fireworks.
A flat at 1030 Brannan street was slightly
scorched at 10 o'clock last night. The
flames were put out before . the firemen
reached tho sceno. \
A one-story frame building at 2114 Jones
street, owned by Mrs. Wrixon and occu
pied as a dwelling by E. Casey, was
slightly damaged at 3 o'clock In tho af
ternoon. An alarm was turned In from
box 123.
BREWERY ENDANGERED.
An nlarm was turned in at 9 p. m. from
box 351. The fire was found to be a small
frame dwelling at 416 Broadway, owned
by Mrs. Dcvltt mid occupied by G. Mar
tine. The roof was badly damaged. Fire
works were the cause.
In tho house at 8 Lynch street lived
Mr. and Mrs. Michael Joyce and M. Mo
gan, all old- and feeble. When the fire
started they were In the kitchen of the
house and the I flames and smoke be
wildered them. They were running hope
lessly around the place trying to make
their escape and shouting for help, but
no one heard them and it was supposed
that they had already abandoned tho
house.
In the midst of the fire Police Officer
Baxter made a rush into the house, being
attracted by the cries of the old people.
He was nearly suffocated by the flames
and smoke, but he bravely fought his way
and rescued the .three just as they were
on the verge 'of suffocation.
The houses were the properly of a Mr.
Bibbin and are probably burned beyond
redemption. The loss will probably reach
$8000, said to be partly covered by In
surance.
email blaze*., most of which were
causnl by fireworks. , There was only one
fire that caused much loss of property.
That happened at 6 and 8 Lynch street
and 1613 Lcavcnworth street shortly after
8 o'clock, when three large frame dwell
ings were gutted "and three persons were
saved from death In the flames by the
heroism of Police Officer Baxter.
The three houses adjoin each other and
are old frame buildings, very much dilapi
dated. The fire is supposed to havo
started in the rear of 6 Lynch street and
was probably caused by the explosion of
fireworks. -.['¦¦
Two alarms were turned in and the en
gines rushed to the scene. The fire had
gained great headway before they ar
rived, but by heroic work tho firemen
succeeded in getting the blaze under con
trol and saving many houses in the neigh
borhood, which were In danger of catch
ing fire at any moment.
SAVES THREE PEOPLE.
7 HE various flreliouses throughout
the city were kept busy yester
day day and night extinguishing
Brave Policeman
Saves the Lives
of Three People
BERKELEY. July 4.— Troop A of the
National Guard of California Is encamped
at the corner of Tyler and Calais streets,
in Lorin, as the guest of Its captain.
Charles Jansen. Captain Jansen enter
tained his command at a grand ball held
In Lorin Hall this evening. A sham bat
tle to-morrow morning will conclude the
outing of the cavalrymen.
Entertains the Cavalrymen.
OAKLAND, July 4. — The commence
ment exercises of the Polytechnic Busi
ness College and School of Engineering
were held last night under most favor
abla nusplces. The large auditorium ia
the Y. M. C. A. building was crowded
with the friends and relatives of a largo
class of graduates. An interesting pro
gramme was rendered, as follows:
Invocation. C. M. Seamans: piano solo. Miss
Mary Kehoe; quartet. "Hail Smiling Morn."
Miss Morse. Mrs. Nicholson. Messrs. Wilkl*
and Reed: "A Trooper's Sonc." Alfred C.
Re«d; class history. Miss Florence Livingston;
solo. "Mayday. " Miss Mary A. Morse; ad
dresses. Rev. Thomas Boyer and Edwin Stearns;
solo. "I Crown Tou tjtieen." Alfred Wllkl«:
presentation of medals. Professor A. V. Feight:
presentation of diplomas. Miss Pfluger and
Miss Fowler: quartet. "Good Xlght, Beloved."
The accompanists were Miss Mary
Kehoe and Miss Ruth C. Morse".
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL
CLOSING EXERCISES
AUBURN, July 4.— Placer County, was
full of patriotism to-day, celebrations be;
ing held at Forest Hill, Lincoln, Rocklin,
Newcastle. Applegate and Auburn. The
feature of the celebration at Lincoln was
the mobilization of all the uniform ranks
of the Knights of Pythias In Northern
California. At Rocklin the attraction was
horseracing and at Forest Hill there were
drilling contests and other feats of the
miner's skill. . At Newcastle there was a
baseball game between the home team*
and the Royals of Oakland, the latte'^
winning by a score of .8 to 4. At Aubun./
the celebration was under the auspices of
the Woman's Improvement Club and Au
burn's new park was appropriately dedi
cated. Applegate's drawing card was an
oration by Naval Officer John P. Irish of
San^Fiandsco.
Fore-t Hill, Lincoln, Rocklin, New
castle and Other Towns Celebrate.
PLACER COUNTY HAS BUSY DAY.
streets were blockaded with people. This
evening , the illumination consisted of a
realistic representation of the eruption of
Mount Vesuvius at the San Jose hills, near
the city park. _'
LOS ANGELES, July 4.— John F.
Francis, one of the best-known
residents of Southern* California,
died early this morning at his
residence In this city. For several
months Francis has been slowly falling.
John F. Francis -was born in Clinton,
Iowa, in 1851. The early years of his life
were spent on the frontier and In travel
in many foreign countries. His residence
In Los Angeles dated from 1888, since when
he had been prominently connected with
many business enterprises in this- city.
He was a director of the Farmers' and
Merchants' National Bank and was active
in tne affairs of the Chamber of Com
merce, the former Harbor League and
several clubs, being president of the New
man Club. In .1892 he was married to
Donna Marie de Los Reyes Dominguez,
daughter of a Spanish officer In the ser
vice of -Spain at the time California was
ceded to the United States.
John P. Francis of
Los Angeles Suc
cumbs.
PROMINENT RESIDENT OF
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
NAPA, July 4.— Napa celebrated Inde
pendence Day in more elaborate style
than was ever before attempted. The fes
tivities began. with a parade. In which the
local military company, nre department,
school children, fraternal organizations
and citizens with decorated carriages and
lloats participated. Sheriff Dunlap, ,\the
grand marshal, had a staff of fifty mount
ed aids. Miss Anita Schmled, imperson
ating the Goddess of Liberty, with her
two attendants. Miss. Mattie Johnson and
Miss May Holland, rode on a handsomely
decorated float drawn' by four white
horses. Mayor Fuller was president of
the day. The Declaration of Independ
ence was read by Egbert A. Smith,- a stu
dent of the. high school, and Assemblyman
P. S. King delivered a masterly oration.
Music was rendered by a double male
quartet.
In the afternoon there was an open-air
concert by the Benlcla band on the Court
house square, while at -East Napa Park
there was dancing In the pavilion, sports
of various kinds for the children, an acro
batic performance and other amusements.
At night there was a display of fireworks.
A grand ball was given by the Alert Hose
Company In the evening. The capacity of
the town for the accommodation of vis
itors was taxed to the utmost, several
thousand people having come from neigh
boring towns and from San Francisco for
the celebration.
EKTHUSIASM AT NAPA.
Brilliant Parade, Oratory and Fire
works on the Programme.
"Of this country's history you rnen r of
its army have written a glorious page.
Most of you fought that this great nation
might not be sundered. For many of you
the long shadows have already begun to
fall across your mortal path. For those
of us who remain behind more .and more
pathetic becomes the celebration of the
Fourth of July at the Soldiers' Home.
The nation ia eager to manifest to you Its
debt of gratitude, one it can never repay.
For you we twine the wreaths of laurel.
We, the younger generation, salute you.
Thank God. you have not lived in vain.
One comforting thought I would | leave
with you to-day, one thought of exulta
tion, you have lived to see your country
survive and grow strong and expand un
til the dream of Cyrus Field and the
prophecy of Baker have come true."
During the evening about an hour was
given over to a fine display of fireworks.
The grounds were crowded with delighted
spectators. Fireworks of all descriptions,
a forty-foot balloon, dozens of sky rock
et?, innumerablo large night bombs ac
companied by a deafening report were
pent off for the edification of the onlook
ers. At the conclusion of- the exhibition
of the fireworks an electric ?ign. reading
"Good night." appeared and the band
stand suddenly became decorated with
red. white and blue effects. The fireworks
nnd electric display was under tho super
vision of Captain R. D. Clark, chief engi
neer at the home. Inspiring music was
rendered by the homo band during the
afternoon exercises, preceding and during
the pyrotechnical display.
Judge John.F. Davis thrilled the audi
ence,with,as fine an oration as has ever
been delivered at the home. His re
marks throughout were punctuated with
applause, showing the appreciation of the
old boys and their friends. He said in
part:
Church of San Francisco. Charles Henry
Randall was the accompanist.
Just how Dickenson came to get con
fused ia not known, further than he was
paying attention * to but one train. He
was thrown a considerable .distance, fall
ing unconscious, his body badly crushed.
The police patrol was immediately sum
moned, and he was started for the Re
ceiving Hospital, but. died in the wagon
on the waj» there. His bpdy was then
taken to the Morgue.
While his attention was occupied in
avoiding the dangers of one speeding
train, J. K. Dickenson, a colored saloon
man, was struck, and fatally injured by
another train coming from the opposite
direction as be was crossing the broad
gauge track at Willow street about noon
to-day. The deceased^ conducted a saloon
at 1701 Pacific street for nearly twenty
years and was a well known character in
West Oakland. He leaves a wile and sev
eral children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 4.
The bicycle, which was found In his pos
session when he was arrested, was stolen
Jast night. When apprehended by Po
liceman Sherry he showed fight and gave
the officer a hard tussle before he was
subdued.
On August 23. 1001. after committing a
long list of burglaries in houses, to which
he gained admittance by posing as a gas
Inspector, he was convicted of burglary
and sentenced to San Quentin for two
years. He was released a short time ago.
but is charged with having gone back to
his old game.
In addition to the theft of tfcj bicycle,
it Is claimed that he broke Into the house
of Andrew Matthiensen at S3S Thirty
sixth street and stole Jewelry valued at
HOC. It Is also charged that he made'nn
attempt to break into the residence of
D. \V. Reddlngton at 1136 West street
It is claimed that he was seen climbing
Into the basement by Mrs. Reddington
and that her screams frightened him
away.
Herbert Barnes, an old-time offender, la
again In custody. Years ago ho earned
tbe name of the "Burglar Gas Inspector"
and incidentally- a term in San Quentln.
He was arrested by Policeman Jack
Sherry this morning: as he was about to
go aboard the creek boat with a blcycla
stolen from the home of Brace Ilayden at
1228 Madison street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 4.
The Italian quarter was ablaze with
bonfires and a great deal of money was
spent by private individuals for fireworks
of every sort. From balconies were
thrown unlimited quantities of crackers
and whizzing "chasers," while skyrockets
and showers camo from roofs as well as
balconies.
During the display in Washington
Square a band discoursed some very
pleasing selections and national airs,
which delighted the big gathering.
With a determination not to be left out
in the cold, and bearing in mind that
there are possibly more children In that
quarter of the city than In any. other
part, a number of merchants contributed
a purse with which to gave a patriotic
display in Washington Park.
Being the result of private contribu
tions. It was not to be expected that the
fireworks displays this year would equal
those pyrotechnical 'exhibitions which
have gone before and for which an ap
propriation had been made.
Nevertheless, there were enough of the
rockets and Roman candles and plnwheels
to please the adult as well as the Infant,
and one display, the head' of President
Roosevelt, in sparkling stars of fire and
in the national colors, was sufficient to
elicit the most enthusiastic applause and
loud and long continued cheers. The dis
play did credit to those who arranged
the exhibition.
The people of the North End of tha
city were disappointed this year because
of their failure to obtain an appropriation
for a fireworks display in that part of
the town.
It was generally remarked that in fu
ture It would benefit the public If the
set pieces should be placed on high
ground. \
The fact that the set pieces were placed
on low ground interfered with their be
ing properly seen by many people. Men
lifted women bodily in order that they
m'ight see over the heads of those in
front, and children were perched upon the
shoulders of their fathers, while the less
fortunate had to be contented with the
rockets and pretty red, white and blue
balls, which were sent scattering high up
In the. air in hundreds.
The wind blew half a gale over the park
during the display, but the great crowd
stood at its post, never budging tintil the
last set piece was shown with the words.
"Good Night," emblazoned in variegated
colors.
There were set pieces In the square and
plenty of rockets and cascades bf fire and
a band accompanying the display with
musical selections.
Every window was occupied and the
small boy and the little girl attended In
goodly numbers with their adult escorts.
/N anticipation of a big display of
fireworks in Alamo Square, a big
concourse of people collected on the
hill and around the park.
He Battle3 With Policeman
When Placed Under
Arrest.
J. K Dickenson Becomes
Confused and la Struck
Locomotive.
other great cities tintil we have popular con
trol of these utilities and full control of our
water front. We will then have a better and
a cheaper eervic*. the man will have better
pay and there will be no strikes.
LESSONS OP THE DAY.
In conclusion, let us remember that this an
niversary of the Declaration of Independence Is
not alone a love feast of the Ajnertcan people
to enable them to recount the past glories of
their country, its present greatness and Its
mighty future. It Is more.
This day Is a means of keeping up a nation
— an Indestructible, union of indestructible
States. It matters not how the day may b*
celebrated. If It causes some degree of en
thusiasm It has accomplished its purpose. If
It recalls to the American the trials and serv
ices of the Revolutionary Father* and the rea
son of their sufferings It will not bave been
celebrated in vain.
If it contributes. In a small way to the af
fection of our people for & united America It
will have accomplished its work. The Ameri
can who can remain unmoved on the Fourth
of July is unworthy of his birthright. "That
n.an " says Dr. Johnson, "Is little to be en
vied whose patriotism does not gain force upon
the plains of Marathon, or whose piety does
not grow warmer among the ruins of Iona."
So, I sr»\ tlie American, native or natural
ired. Is little to be envied who does not respond
with beating heart and glancing eye and ar
dent desire to the memories of :.-ls day and he
rau't Indeed be dtad to honor, detd to virtue
and dead to all those subtle qualities which
distinguished the freeman from the down
trodden stave.
As for us. let us pray that during our lives
we shall never forfret those who guaranteed
life, liberty and happiness to us and on this
day, when we see the Stars anJ Stripes float
ing majestically from the housetops, let us
repeat the words of Webster. . "'Liberty and
fnlon. Now and Forever, One and Insepara
ble."
At the close of the address the
speaker was again given hearty applause
and congratulated by those upon the
platform.
Miss Annie Rooney then rendered a
pretty ballad, and Miss Bertha Clark re
cited "The Flower of Liberty," from the
pen of Oliver Wendell Holmes. Both the
ladies mentioned were cheered.
To the music of the orchestra the en
tire audience joined in singing "Amer
ica." all present rising In their places
wlien the first 'strains of the glorious
song were sounded by the musicians.
PRONOUNCES BENEDICTION.
The exercises closed with the bene
diction, pronounced by Rev. Father
J. P. ilcQuaide. who spoke as follows:
Omnipotent. Kternal God. by whose power
all the tribes of men and the nations of the
earth are moved, governed and directed accord-
Ing to infinite wisdom, we, thy people, bowed
down before thee to-day raise our hearts to
the* to thank thee for the Innumerable favors
bestowed on us in mercy and love from the
dawning of our national liberty to this hour.
From the tyranny of the oppressor thou hast.
O Lord, delivered us. and raised us up Into
thee, a people who are grateful to thee. who
acknowledge thee. who confide in the* and call
upon thee In all our woes.
When battles raged about us on land and
sea thou didst not. O Father, disdain our hum
ble cry for help and the tide of war was
turned back; and the billows of the angry sea
heard thy voice and lulled themselves to rest.
In the throes and agony of civil strife and In
our struggles for the rights of man thou hast
most sweetly smiled upon us and permitted us
ta stand a nation, according to the production
of thy foreknowledge.
Receive, then. O Faithful God. the humble
thanks of thy children here to-day and bind
us all with go!den chains about thy feet. Let
brotherly concord reign and fill our hearts.
Father cf Light, from whom all power In
heaven and earth descends, direct our magis
trates in the way of peace and fill their hearts
with the spirit of thy wisdom, love and fear.
On account of our sins enter not. O Lord with
us into Judgment and deal not with us In thy
anger. 'Lead, kln.lly light, lead thou us on"
a« of old thou didst lead thy people out of
boTHlage.
May *e walk In the light of thy counten
ance h're below and be joined at last in the.
companionship of our fellow cltirens In the
heavenly Jerusalem. wl-.os« re«t Is eternally In
thee. Send forth then thy holy spirit, O God.
over the face of the earth and all th* works of
thy hands — the earth, the sea. the sky and air
enkindled at thy touch shall utter forth thy
praise, and may the praise, too. of us. thy peo
ple In the chorus blending rise like sweet ln
cenne unto thee. O I>or<i of Hosts. Great Cre
ator, our King, to whom empire and honor and
glory forever and ever. Amen.
"Jackies" Exhibit
Prowess in Games
and Manly Sport
THE fallors of the roast defense
monitor Wyoming were slven a
treat by Commander V. I>. Cott
man and his 6taff of officers, which
made their celebration of the Fourth ever
memorable.
Practically the good Ehlp was given
over to the "Jackles." each of whom had
carte blanche to invite a gruest, and a
sumptuous dinner was prepared and serv
ed them without stint.
The games and sports, on deck and on
water, were all sturdily contested and the
(Sameness of the competitors for prizes
won the admiration equally of their
friends and the guests of the commander.
The gun loading contest was one which
attracted deep attention and resulted In
victory for Seamen Tebeau, Woodnancy.
Brumsen and ilcMasters. A prize of J8
went^to the winning crew.
Th« visitors then took to the ship's
sides to give room for the contestants in
the ten-minutes-go-ae-you-please race,
which was won by Salet, with Henshaw
second. The winner got as a prize $3 and
the second man $2.
So heartily were the contests begun that"
the interest of the visitors increased with
each event and exceptional attention was
taken even in the ajnusing egg and spoon
race, in which Salet won a prize of $3
and Blake a prize of $2.
Seaman Thomas cleverly won the broad
Jump and carried away a $5 prize.
The first cutter race was a lest of the
prowess of the United States sailors. The
men showed up in faultless form for the
contest. It resulted In the first and
fourth divisions winning over th© second
and third dH'telons. The contest was for
a prize of (22.
A cutter race between sailors and fire
men was hotly contested and was won
by the firemen. The victors won leave of
absence.
The potato rare fell to Pucket. who won
a prize of $3, Clark taking the second
prize of $2.
The tug of war, twelve on each side,
caused great Interest because of the de
termination shown by the opposing forces,
firemen against sailors. After tho hard
est of tussles the firemen won the con
test and a prize of $12.
Salet won the following event, which
was the amusing "shoe scramble." Sea
man Moon was second in the scramble.
The first prize was $3 and the second (2.
The next on . the programme were j the
boxing contests, and each round and bout
proved that Uncle Sam can boast that his
navy contains a clever lot of % boxers. The
contests were, each decided In four
rounds.
The first bout was between McMasters
and Clark, the former winning.
Tarbell and La kin met In the second
bout, the last named being given the de
cision. T .
The third bout, which was a spirited
exhibition, was between Seamen Corbett
and Hensbaw. Corbett winning. The prize
in each case was $13. /
Moon won the obstacle race and $3, and
Clark was second, winning $2.
The three-legged race was won by Cor
bett and llensbaw. Clark . and Cullen
came in second. The winners divided $5
and the second men won a prize of J3.
Seamen Geer and Allen wrestled for a
prize of ?5. Allen, was proclaimed the
victor.
The sailing race between the first and
second cutters was won by, the former, J..
J. Ilauser cockswain.. The prize was (34.
Tbe sports committee was composed of
Frederick W. Metteri?, chief boatswain's
mate; Frederick T. Fisher, chief gunner's
mate, and Nathaniel Boyd, gunner's
mate, third class.
As tbe afternoon progressed the number
of representative citizens visiting the
Wyoming increased. Commander V. L.
£ontinued from Fajje 33, Column 7.
eanje rUrtits as he claims for himself In edu
••.aiiim. religion end in earning hts livelihood.
Strange as it may appear, the moot unyielding
" taskmasters .->f labor «i« men who have been
is'.Kirers tJiemselves. Foriretfu? of tbelr past.
they r*eli to make the pa-" ° r th ' to"" more
thorny and more painful. They assuma that in
bu5inext< charity, benevolence and fair treat
.m«it do r»ot applr- With them the motto Is to
••tnak** mciney hotiestly and fairly and kindly.
but If one cannot ma.« money rapidly enough
')n that may make it anyhow, even If every
: "CtTjjlcye muet wear cut his brain, his heart
- .ana i. ';* r.ands.
• UN-AMZRICAN SEXTIMENTS.
. • Lite ui> ml!li'>rn! for capital, even If the'
• brain. th« beart and the hand of labor must
~l-« These tientlmtnt* are not Amert
jaQb Kutwn they are contrary to the teach
. !t>j;t> of religion an<l contrary to the dictates of
• -humanity. Y<-t 1 regret to «ay that euch ldeaji
-•»l'}>eM*r to h»v«- been in force In this republic
Judging fr-'rn the arts of certain employers of
.* labor. I therefore h->ld that It Is the bounoen
i duty of laN^r to organize In forcee.
it is a Tight clearly given by the Declaration
•«nf Independence «n<J by the laws of th* land.
Capita I is masfted la powerful combinations.
. «ti<1 why «!iou!d not labor do likewise? If
'capital forms trusts to cell products at a high
puce to clear enormous profits, which are
derived from the savings of th* working
claase*. -why should not labor meet the artlfl
*.risl conditions created by capital itself by
-"asking for higher wages?
.If trurt* make meat dearer, clothing dearer.
%Tb» neceesariet of life d«a.rer. why should not
.labor- demand 'he means to purchase these
. Vommoillties without loss, without begging and
¦wirhouv starvation? Capital claims everything
't.'asks for as a rght, but It does net admit
that with this right cornea sacred duty and
sa-red reypor.ririillt y.
I believe that the gttlden rule Is the only
¦ solution of this problem. Let th« capitalist
take t»y riacw of the toller and then ask li!m
¦¦*rlt if the treatment he accord* to bis fellow
• man is justified by any law natural or <5ivin«.
«"»n the other band It is the duty of the em
ploye to be patient and to submit all demands
'io arbitration. I have yet to hear that the
...rjflgment of arbitrators who have t-een Juat in
. thrir decisions has been annuled by the acts
f>t any worklngman. I know that the com
plalr.ts of labor bave ta most instances been
Justified.
One thing is s-ure. our country 'tn never
permanently distance al; its competitors until
the lawTuI demands of labor are satisfied. In
. the end right will win. "Let u« have f*Un.'
*ays Lincoln, "that right makes might, ana let
.us to that end dare to do our duty as w« un
derstand It."
As citizens of the State cf California It is
"Or daty to remember that all we are or may
be in the future Is due under God to the Dec
•."¦ration of Independence and the c-jr.stitutlea
of the United States. With these gnat char
ters -of liberty in their hands the pioneers
f-ro^sed the great plains, scaled the fclerra X*-.
, vjxis'a and founded republican institutions her*
• which have hroug-ht prosperity *nd happiness
1^ our people. Of a!l the States of the I'nlon
California was et the time of its admission
. ire most democratic because its la^rs and cus
.. toms were framed to produce
Men— high mlno>.1 men.
Men who their duties know.
• And know their rlgr.ts — and knowing dare
-• -' rn&Jrtair..
: ; TRIBUTE TO PIONEERS.
• : "^'liat State can sbow m*n like the pioneers
• of 1M*? California ga^e them the gold of
.-her BMOBtSiaa and her 6trearas. but . demanded
. bf return anl cbtalr.ed a goliea harvest of
¦l-Hiny gr^at ard hon*st men.
¦¦ H«r "capacity for riches is greater than her
".sister ?t«tes. Gold, wheat and wine represent
'. b»r tucce»five strides to greatness — the triune
"frJfts of : ature. What halcyon days were those
" of the pioneers? Tho men were esteemed not
because they had money, but because they had
!i*iarts ar.rl brairs: not because they were bet
¦te r educated li the learning of the day. but
' because they knew the language of the soul.
The pion^r gav? freely of what h» had: he
Kucioreo the widow and the fatherless; he fed
the hungry: he cared for the sick: he b*
'"friende-1 the poor. Nature lavished her gifts
- iipon him. and through him distributed her
Weesincs to humanity.
He felt that he »¦«* the citizen cf a great
.^tate. In all bis acts he showed hi* feelings
• >f admiration for her who was his adopted
rr.other. As he lived so he died. Ills absence
was a distinct lo« to all the members of the
because all were thm one family.
Will histr-rv ever <!o justice to the plonetr
..>f CUfforataT win it w» cf him that he fos
ter*<1 the lif». liberty an«l happiness of his fel
,l#w man? V. i;i tr rer-ord the fact that he — .
,'t*t!ished orter without law and tctted out
¦Justice without legal tribunals? Tes. that day
,-»l!l (W. Poetry ard its kindred arts will
liresene Ms name an<l farre for ares.
The pioneer was proud of the natnr of "all
fointa. T>> hltn H mearff Bomething more
¦than an aeerrgatlon of Individuals. It wa* a
• lirk between th* glory of the past tnd the
?plerwii-i promises of to-day. He knew that
*tr.«r oririn of lt» name was unknown and that
the ger'viF cf Spain had located California in.
•th* far Kes.t near the terrestrial paradise.
W.br khould he net love Califcraia?
H»r ijr"-f» Ff* mountains, frsmlng rich
atid cck-shaded valleys, were his. Her glo
rious sunsets that shed their dying «.ght upon
tr-» g»»al ivran that washed her sh»re« were
li-s The giants of the forest, antedating our
Vt» were his. The great bay of fesrn Francisco,
¦wht-h he saw would yet shelter Treat navies
of' the tutrre. were hts. With prophetic power
be beheld the bright picture uf the prosperous
Then who can blame him if he wltlied that
the State which he founded, which grew
greet ty Ms toil should remain always one,
thouid remain always one united In destiny,
•should rem*!n always his own dear California,
•«"an we n.it eay here to-day that with Ood s
Vlp It" shall always remain our own dear
California and thus comply with tht prayer
cf the »loneer?
CALIFORNIA'S GREATNESS.
But l<-t Vf remember that California Is great
elmpty because she Is a member of the glorious
unk n of t-tate,. To call ourselves CWIIornliM
j« Juet To call ourselves Americans Is better.
Vrlted with the other great States of the
Vnion *e are invinclWe. By our»elvee we are
nothing. We are proud cf our State, but we
are -still rmu'ler of the I'nlon. Together we
•can me»t any foreign foe, aeparated we would
be ft prey for an auds<-ious adventurer. Let us
•rio our duty ty prpserviiig her preat rivers her
p"*r.t tr«-e«. her water ehtds. and the crumbling
memorial* cf the miMior.ary period, and thus
k«-»f her a Etate to be loved and to be ad
in1 red.
The citiiens cf Fan Francisco have alr»acy
rr.aae their declaration of Independence by the
Hdoptlon of the charter. Lei them continue to
V»<Mt themselves tree from corrupt Influence In
political affairs. It Is a natter of surprise to
ill* Duropeass that In the United States, where
tbe popular will is supreme, cltie* are so badly
a-overned. They ask how It Js that we elect
good Governors and good Majors, but cannot
*>uc«-e*d In elc-ting good legislative councils.
Tlie recer.t <il«< 1'isures In St. Louis. Mo., give
point to this judgment. The answer, however.
Is that such corruption is not the fault of the
American eystpm. but the fault of the people
<vho for t!i» time belr.g are r.ot aroused to the
t-erise cf danger. The real cause shown by
Folk the brave District Attorney of St. Loul*.
is that public utilities are In the hands of
<-ap;talicts. and. secondly, that the laws are not
properly administered through the mantrfcla
i:on of capitalists, and thirdly, the boss who Is
the Intermediary is regularly paid l>y capital
ists, to corrupt officials.
But the change ¦will come. "Tou may fool
nil the p«ople part cf the time, you may fool
*'-roe of the people all tbe time, but you can
r-rt fool all the people all the time." How true
,nr» the words cf Lincoln. Vet, u can be trutn
?u!!y taJd that If the people as tiuch are left
!r«> to %-ote as th«-y pleased, without lnterfer
»-n<-e of corrmrt capitalists, they would always
vote for that which U ;ust and right. The
-.*<1 herring Is always drawn across the right
prTA by an agent of associated villainies who
pen»rally passes as a friend «t tHe i>eople until
ofter clecticn. What. then. Is the remedy?
SUGGESTS A BEMEDTT.
Tr.e remedy. :ny friend*. l» a new declara
t'nn of Independence for ourselves. We rbould.
Dike our father*, mutually pledge our Jives, our
snd our eacred honor to acquire al!
public utilities in the name of the people. lyet
\i* f.rn our own water works, let us own our
•o»-o gee and electric works, let us own our
Mre»-t railroad', our telephone and telegraph
»!r*» and lart but not least, let u« control
«ur oV/n «e«port. Then and not till then will
*e be free from the pernlciou* rule of monopo
lies whene system Is to browbeat, and. where
.Lrowbeatlng Is of no avail, t» bribe. This Is
t!io day of a!! others when we ehould make a
.*o>nin vow to change this condition of af
fair*.
Thts le the <5«y for u» to re--! against thin
uk:;' : • •ir.n of power. It is naJd by Interested
• parties that *re cannot make a auccesa of
Tt, <¦•".• public utilities and that politicians will
••ontrol them. I answer that many communi
ties in the Old World and In the United States
liave already succeeded, with the aid of civil
service. I do not tee why we should not do
n unless »" concede that the rights of man
'." life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness has
made us Inferior in ability and In executive
; ¦'». -r to other men. This 1« tbe dilemma of
jhe or.pc.nent* cf popular control. ' .
I? t\icy admit t!yst the i>eople of a commu
nity like Pan Francisco are as capable as
thoMS of other municipalities where public
utllltie* are managed with suewss they eon
<*de their <-ase. If on tbe other hand, they
deny that the people are unfit to manage their
own affair*, then they virtually admit. that our
ryrttra of government Is a failure, that popu
lar governmert In s tnlrtake and that we
ehould be left »t t!<e mercy of a few rich men
ntrollln* trurts end, monopolies. They would
Li;;i'y act «* our guardians. - .tit. my friends.
It indeed the inmost deelre cf the enemy of
jtopular control. 1/ut he does not put the point
in that way. He prefers to argue otherwise.
l.<et me say to you now that fian Francisco
«*ver «1U bt t city which will ouUtrio all ,
Cascades of Fire
in Alamo Square
Illuminate Night
Well - Known Colored
Man Is Killed by-
Oakland Local.
"Burglar Gas Inspector"
Behind Prison Bars
Once More.
Frank Eibinger, aged 8 years, residing
at 381 Willow avenue, was injured by
loose cartridges exploding in his hip
pocket.
Wayne Carter, 8 years of age, residing
at 114 Hayes street, was burned by the
explosion of powder, which lodged in his
face and eyes. • ' (
. F. W. Walte. a driver .for Porter &
l White, undertakers., was arrested by Of
ficer J. Hutt on Eddy street for dis
charging a pistol.
. Albert Cohn, who undertook to defy tho
municipal law regarding the discharge of
firearms within the city limits, was amus
ing himself with a pistol, which he was
firing, and was arrested by Officer Ma
honey and booked at the City Hall sta
tion.
Charles Greenslade, a email boy who
lives at 241 Minna street, had the shat
tered shell of a blank brass cartridge cut
from his right hand yesterday afternoon
at the Harbor Hospital.
At the .same institution William Mor
row, another juvenile, whose parents live
at 114 Twelfth street, was treated for
powder burns of the face. He got his
burns, he explained, while trying to find
out why a brass cannon did not explode.
Fred Krautr. 14 years old. reeldlnar at
133 Lundy atrect. wns badly burned on
tho face by exploding gunpowder. Ho
wan treated at tho City and County Hos
pital.
Felix Beardca, 0 years old, residing at
8351 Twentieth etrcet, wrb eeriously in
jured while nyplylns a light to gun
powder, which he had placed In a tflaas
bottle. The bottlo exploded and pieces of
jagged gland were embedded in thn lad's
face. Dr. McElrcy of tho City and County
Hospital treated tho patient, v/ho may
lose hie eyesight.
Qustav Kuhne, 2S years old, residing at
145 Natoma Btreet, was seriously injured
while trying to load hit pietol -yesterday
afternoon. The pistol waa accidentally
discharged and the bullet entered Kuhne'n
abdomen, Inflicting* a serious wound. Ha
was removed to tho German Hospital,
where he lies in a critical condition.
Others who were treated at tho Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday were:
Joeeph Newman, 25 Kate street, powder
bums on hands and face.
Georne Wagner, 67 Chesley «treot, powder
burns on tho face and ejres.
Jerome Kearns, 122 VlcUsburg, burns on the
face and eyes.
Steve OINelll. 4 Hampton place, ruruhot
wound en rne left hand.
K. F. Powelson. 1623 Golden Oat* avenue,
powder burns on the neck.
Clarence Morris, 811 Lyon atreet, gunshot
wound on left hand. » ¦ . .
Eddie Smith. 310 Fell street, gunshot wound
on left hand.
Walter Smith, "hi Sixth street, burns on ths
right hand.
Charley Ganbatz, 22 Moss street, gunshot
wound of the. right hand.
John Kelly. 122 Langton street, pewder
burns of the hands.
William Malcoltneon. 1204 Leavenworth
street, bums of the eyes.
injuring • his eyes and » face. He was
treated. at the Park Emergency Hospital
by Dr. Armistead. 5 ;
George St. Clair. IS years of age, resid
ing at 1302 Devisadero Btreet, while at the
Cliff House sent a pistol bullet from a re
volver through his. left hand. He was
treated at the Park Hospital.
Cottman received the visitors, and ..was
assisted in showing courteous hospitality
by Lieutenant Commander Griffln, Lieuten
ant W. B. Miller, Lieutenant W. W.
Bush, Lieutenant G. L. P. Stone, 'Lieu
tenant J. P. .Morton and Surgeon A- W.
Dunbar.
OLD OFFENDER
AGAIN IN JAIL
BIRTHDAY OF THE NATION IS FITTINGLY
CELEBRATED BY PATRIOTIC CITIZENS
TRAIN CRUSHES
OUT HIS LIFE
THE SAN. FBiANClSCO CALL. ¦SUKDA.Y; JULY ff, 1903.
DEATH ENDS
CAREER OF A
NOTED CITIZEN
. GRAND HAPIDS. .Mich.. July 4.— St. An
drew Cathedral, erected to take the pUc* or th«
structure that was burned to the ground as a,
result of the stroke of . lightning in March.
1901. was consecrated to-day In the presence
of the Most Rev. Dlomede Kalconto, apostolic
delesate to the United States.
CHICAGO. July 4.— Dr. D. K. Pearsons
of this city has given J30.000 to Pomona
College at Pomona, Cal., the largest gift
ever made to a Southern California edu
cational institution. This makes Dr. Fear
son's donation to the' college WJM in
cash. h3H
Dr. Pearsons of Chicago Gives
Pomona College the Sum
of $50,000.
GUT FOB CALIFORNIA
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION
Engine Company Entertains.
The members of Engine Company No.
S7. entertained "their families and friends
last evening at .their engine house on
Utah street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. The rooms were handsome
ly'decorated i.wlth American Rags, arid
evergreens. 'During the evening a tine
collation was served and Mrs. Thomas
Parker. Dr. Frank Worthington. - Gus
Pratt Jr. and William Tracy contributed
songs and recitations.* There were about
flf ty people - present. • .
YOUNTVILLE July 4.-This has been
a gala day. at the ¦Veterans' Home. The
celebration of the Fourth was an occa
sion for all -.tho-'. veterans and many.. ''of
tbelr friends to turn out. Exercises ap
propriate to the day were held In the so
cial hall, commencing at 2 o'clock. Colonel
George- 1 W. ' Walts,"" 1 commandant ; of the
home, presided,' and in a few fitting words
introduced the-' participants a In * the pro
gramme. vUpon 'the stage 'werc\dlstln-'
guished visitors, including the Hon. Jacob
II. Neff, General S. W.-Backus, president
of the board," and 'Directors, S.J. Loop,
Hugh M. Burke and Sol Cahen. : -j~
. i The ..Declaration : of : Independence 5 was
feelingly read" by! a lineal descendant, of,
one of the signers of the document, F. M.
Clark, the steward of the hospital at the
home. —The Star-Spangled Banner" . was
effectively sung, by Miss Alma Berglund,
leading soprano '¦:¦ of ? the I First ;. Unitarian
Excellent Celebration Held at the
Home at Yountville. -
VETERANS ARE JOYOUS.
OAKLAND. July 4.— Leslie Perkins. 12
year3 old. son of C. W. Perkins, residing
at 914 Poplar street, bad his temporal
artery, severed - this afternoon by an ex
plosion of powder in a bottle. The boy
dropped a lighted punk Into the bottle
and flying glass and the powder flame did
the rest. Young; Perkins was badly cut
on the head. He was attended by Dr. W.
>./. Kergan. , ]&¦?; -
37Hirwh. Perie Taylor. May B*icft*.n=.
AT HOTEL VEXtOME. San Jos*— Frcra
San Fra-.etsco: Hcrace V. soott. H. t-ttctca.
W. A. Tttccurt. Mr. and Mrs. G. Kr«t; t : Ai
brtjrht. Mr and Mrs. Hurb i. Uclsues. Mr.
and iiia. Louia & Be--Iy. Mrs. A. S. F<tt>-.
sUra Isrs!«ky. J. G. Wrfrtt. J- C Pesbodj.
Mr. and Mr*. William R. Mcrton. Mr. actl
Mrs. 8: E. tunscn. Mm. Bat»». M. T. Hea*>.
N!cho!*s Bcwdea. T. W. Brawn. H. B. Lerae-
T*re. C. N. Feiton Jr.. W. W. Br:=z«. Kciwrt
He>aecnaa. Geary* Lo'ji«= CahiXl. Alfred Sotro.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Hud<$!e«on. Mr. and Mr*_
Samofl Burses. Lynde Bunre*. HeJ-a Bume#7
Frank B. Wirahtp C. S. Quirk. J. O. Bartl«tt.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Mar^'l. Mr*. J. C. Slmeo.
Ouo M. GeMern. Gecrg* F. cctiilc!. Ml«» llsn
ti\ T Mif» W«hn«r. R. Samson. .Dr. anA Mr*.
R. K. Belden. child and ma I '.: Mra. G«orstf
C*ril. Mr. H. W. J»nk:n*. Miss tyCcanor.
Mi.- S- F!s*«r. II. C. J#okin*. A. S. Wa«Ib»ir?.
Loots L.Ipnun. H«nry U*yer. Jliv C*a*vlevr
baarcntaurt. J!r. and. Airs. I>»»Ue H. Lar-J,
S. K. P. Taylor. Jos*pfe R. Pattoo. Mrs. B
PiS». ¦ M. frallh. Urnry Lyons. Jack*on ;;*•»
etaa«r. P. B. Classes. A. Helnsch. Gccrg'^ J.
Stelndcrff. Mrs. Gccrjte J. Ste'ndcrff. Mts>
Ci»v» St*»fn«Iflrff Ooitare Koch. Mrs. Gcstavt
Kc-rh. MI«s Erra Kcch. Mra. P. Kohr . Mist
EnH Aekerman and maid. Henry 'W*arT*n
t'opn. Mt^s Hizri E^ Copp. Mr. and Mrs. N. F.
Lawten. W. O. TV*!»«irk, W. C. Winter. A. tL
\V155s«s. W. W. no»». F. MclJ»Ujrh!ir. S. FHed-
Iaird«r. Mr». VA Xpwrnan. Miss Louisa New T
man. H. C. Ah!«r*» U. C Brown. Ur. and Jix*
F. P. Cntttn*. W. It. Hubert. F. H. Halxrt.
Miw J*?»Ie P*rhin». Mrs. A. Hasifleld. Mrs.
L. Lcupe. N. P. Va'Iefa V. J. McKay. W^
Ham Kraus. . S. K. Kpl*r. A. I-. Greerte. Mr.
and Mrs. Jchn I". Quinn. X. J. Saroy. Mr«.
¦Wll!ta?*i Hen<trick»>n. two children arrd maid;
John W. Ryland. Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Dow.
K. H.- Plate and d*n^ht»r. Fr*d Unnvsnt,
C. W. Ear>. Mr'. C. Slm^n. Mi*s H. H-«I!s
w<hf».- I>r. and Mr*. S. n. Slmrswr.*. J. •*.
Bcthln. Mlw I^iJa V. Botbin. MI«s EIna Mil
ter. Mr. and Mn. D-«li*y. Mn. J. J. Bowers.
M W. J«!!ett. J. P. BlaJr. Tfcftnaa H. Brows*.
Mr. ar-i Mrs. Alfred P. Rb. Ed F. Anastron?.
AIt<»n S. Xe»l. Sam Blbo. From Parfn. Franc*
• — Mr. and Mrs. T. Mart:nrp_ rhiM and maid.
From O»kfc»n4 — M»»» S. Pnsith. M)s» Cock.
Ne«ton H. Darry. Kohert B. GayWd. 31. Kel
krirsr. R. H. Davis. From Lfcfe Observatory—
Profess«>r W. < W. Canrnbetl. Fronj Detroit.
Mich.— Mr. and Mrs. W. G. C'an»Dfc*Il. ilr«.
R. E. CampbeU. IV.- II. CampnelU E. R. ijutxp
bell." B. B. Camnbttl. M M. Campbell-
AT HIGHL-XN'D SPRINGS— From San Fran
cUco: W. F. Harris, Mn. E. Hahn. Mn. C
Lovelsnd. Mrs. J. A. Rdb-'n*on. P. RobJnvia.
Miss B Lewis. A. J. CborrliUI atrf wife. M •¦>.-<
JI. Cbcrchni. M'» N. Raphael. SIUs I. Ra
pha«i. Delia - F"Iey. Jennfe Byrne. Are<bell
Jakct* H. J.-Tnotupeon. M. A." Hastes, J. J.
Mryen.-X«ISI« A. Jacobs. J. Gin«spee. C. -K.
Arnold. " Mr. ' and ¦ Mr?. A. Dupero. J. S. An
drews. E. F. Danlca. Mr. *nd Mrs. H. Ben
nitt. Mm. E. R. LMUs. F. J. Aguew. A. Ron
covferl. Mrs. L M. R»yaoM». Mrs. O. B.
PhtlDS. A. S. E»>h«ti«. Mr. and Mrs. WlllUm
H. Hamnxr. F. Vf. Jchnstone. Mr. McK»nif«.
Reorve- A. Dolan. J. F. Oolan. Mrs. AV. . E.
O»born*. V. A. Montagu*. H. L. Moore. Kron,
Oakland— Mr. »nd Mrs. G. C. G«dd'n?. C. n_
Morse C. B. -MUI». J. O." Mill*. G. H. Bchsml.
VT. H. Swart*. V. Sherry.. If. Sherry. Dr.
Ber<*. Allen Smith, il. G. Jeffr-ss, R. H.
tsavij>. Geoore C- Da%is, Miss Prlniste. ' S. , J.
Prirgle. S. G. Kerxag. Mr. iitvl Mr>i. W S.
Peaa»JIr8..G.--M. St rocs.' C. T. Rodolpi. Mr*.
W. A, McCutch-n. M:*» M McCuUhen. G. H.
Dunn. Frank McBrew-r. From Ban Rarael—
TV T.Taylor. Frtmi Berkeley — F. ' I.. t H««ner
A. L. Freeman. J»*oni FJ? ValIey-*-B. El
Burkr. Q. X- Thomtwox*. From Elmlrx — A J
AnrtenKm.- From \7cwdl«nd — Hr>. J. S.. Craig
*ix& f en. Miss Mary A. Cmtjr. > Frcm Bo«tos —
Florence L. \a*t\'.vx. From Benlca— W. Dt
McKay. T. P. McKay. .
AT SKAOC1S HOT KPRIXGS— Frcsi San
Francisco: - MnliE. Conrad. Winiam J. Mfayher.
Prestcn Morris, P. . N. : H*nna and wife. -- Dr.
H. «. Rfenanl» «P«i wife, J. F. Jackson. Mr*.
J. <;, M*rtln. J. , Robert- M-»nln, Ml*»-L. A.
Wafer. Louis H. Xearrolh. MUs Hannah T>1-
l «rards. U«>«r A. £dw*^. George TV. EU«t
ajij »lf=. M. \V. Ai-n3.J«. E. B. Castler.
I T. J. L-uneaa. T!icn_n F UttSy. FC tor CUha.
f J. C-oi.i *•*•.¦:•. C B. C. A. Marstcn.
| W. J. JV«=r. 11. Beat. Lt!Ttam M. *^oy. W.
A. Brraita. Mrs. B»»alla. Miry E, Mtlntyre.
Bvtija B. U'crrelL AJ«3:=a 1>. TVorr*!!. C R.
Wcrrcli and wl'p. Mn H. Woir. M!»a SteC»
Wo!!, M:sa L. Arvasoa. M^s P. Ar>nson. Mas
ter Aruaacn. Mrs. H. Rcscottial. Mifs F. Sil
v*rstG3e. Ura. Alex Bojrd. Miss U. ilcOrtrx.
I H. S. Bo*<L Ai« Jacobs and son. Ctarl*s Lcoa
hanlt Jr.. Mrs. M. E*iy. F. E. Browa, Adolva
¦ Ctihen. 'I '.si Gsrtnid^ Cca*n. Miss Him!
i;u-,m. Ja. B. Kihnn. K. tVJrof. Ocl«ni«l W.
R. Paraell. Wiltoa. H. Sehwsrts. CIar«ace E.
EIJ!#. E. J. Liv-.n. M. U»nb#rt; ani vlte. Kar-
I old Ikenbers. J. Grant, Captain r. V. Martfeft,
! I. M. Nathan. II. Wolf. R. iwisstir, J. H.
• Erictsco. Jo«ph Mbtt. B«n i. ScasxWj. Fr»J
Hanak. Kr. ar.a Mrs. T. .«. MUtan Jr.. Mel.
J. Manasce. H. M.ct-a* 1 . T. H. Beany athi
wire. Ed Kr*hafxs. lirt Matilda F«d«r. Dr.
A<f»!ina F*d«r. Mrs- fV- Ciaen. Mn. A. VT.
Hcrtf-r. Mr. and Mrs. J. KinT-t-iw. A;tms Mann.
M»rf» Mann. E- K. Macs. M. G. C«»tia. J.
! Enright. Mrs. V.'illlair. 5as:«»l, Ch<*ter W.
| skar^»- Ctaytcn L. Them. J. P. Tbon\ Mary
! Itcarabiatt... Keary Lachniao. Bot> V»*!ih. L.
A. P.cs*nt»:att. Ii. V. Butlsr. M. J. KeiUr.
Harry Schwartz. San: Raphael. Mrs. C Cbase.
MLm E»t«rUs C. Cha*». Mwi Ro* Cab«ij. Mr*.
l>. M. Hichart*. Hus Marlon RMltards. From
! Fiasst*0. Aria. — C. H. Atcent. Frora Saata
I Rota — Earll T. RU«y. - From AIame<ia — Joiin
gafwillll an1 wife. Fr;n» Rea^sbur*— F. F,
'¦ Mack and »on. J. TV. UUd<>a Fvszn \*nu>
t Poispeil — Helen Godfrey. Marten Godfrty.
Rom:e Sbarbora. E".«aucr Godfrey. From
Alexander Val!«y — Ml»s Alice Ostorn S. L.
Oabom. Frcn \Va_--titisten. IX C— William C
H<vise Jr. Frcm San Mateo — J. F. Cro&lB.
Frotn Rolwcod — Mrs. G. M. H»rbst.
AT LOTUS FARM. Xapa— Fron» San Fran
j Cisco: L. A- Wtttennjyer. Jatncs Locg:. Mrs.
; Alma Vogel. MJ*s Laota Ve»sL Frcm O»k
l land— Charles R«y«r, Fraas Mu!!*r. F
Schaefer.
AT AETNA SPRINGS— Fram Saa Francis
eo: Mr. ami Ur* Chartes M. Pram asd rans
lly. Mrs. L. K- FlsJt. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph A.
Oliver. Miss Mary Oliver. Dettt* J. ¦ Oliver
JciK-ph A. Oliver Jr.. O. L. Koop. Mr. and
Mr* P. Rc«l aad child. Mrs. J. A Drlak
bcuje. Mrs. TV. D. ffKuiti C. A. BoUnd.
Cfeartes Mltclwll. Frotn Oaktaad— Oeorse Fal
ltr. Frera St. HeUoa— WllUam Laajr Mr#
Frank W. Fuller. M!ss S^phht Fault. V W
Fnii«r, Mr. Nichcls. Mrt Ocra B. V«n Fleet,
itlis Vaa Fttet. M!is E.i!tb R!ce. F. F.b^Hsr
Ed. Crof. Frcm Washicstco. D. C. — Jobn T
HyUnd.
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS— Frota San
Francisco: M»*s *". THdeac. - Jiu-ta Mae Rey
noklfi. ¦ John Reyuoltls. J. Rosnblat. L. \
Ro^enUat Henry Lacbnao. Bob Walsh TV|;I
Itam Morken. James C. Bride. John Wcebcke
I Jc**ph Dolan. Ueorg<f A. DoUa. A. E. KnilL
j Wf!!tasi H. Pohlman. R. O. Kanshcf. Mr»
{ L. Frank. Ml!>s M. Behan. J. T. Ooleman Mis4
51 Lewis. Miss P. B. Lewis. Mi*« ic k.
Htaley. Mrs. C. TVi!s.in. Ui» ilaud wdvn
Mr. ami Mrs. SiJney Smtth and «cn. Mr. and
Mn. Bateauin. Mr. acU Mrs. B. V. Asm
MU* Helen Puan. Mls» M. Dunn. Miss GI««»I
pie M!»s Stallmhn. Miss I.'C Eranvms TV i>
CampbeH. Mm. J. TVIcksnan. J. E. Hooper 'ami
wife. Mrs. F. Fe&leisen. ClctbUde V. hlti*-r-.,
Hcllmutb Feh!e!a*n. John Liliectbal. Miss
May Looey. Mi»s Cera FU*. Jodze J. v. cof
fey. Jeremiah V. Coffsy. Mini Doris Hroer
Philip H««er. A.'- F. SchTeicher. J. A. Xlelc'
r r. Dennixas* Arnand A. Elsm o ~oi
i Greenebaoni. U. SI«r»i. Mn F. Otfermaan
! Kenry Peters and faiaUy. D. A. Finn. E. J
Marl*'.). Mrs. Healey. T. S. Fctsusoii. C. aI
BarTett and wtf*. C H. Torn«r and wife. Dr.
L.'Sleh«l. Fenton Geiman. Mtss Irene G-'min
Carl Brans. C. A. Brons and wife. . Frank
Griffin. Mr. »nd Mrs. J. TV. HcCormlck . and
fansiljr. II. McNeil. Mrs. R. Morris. Mlu R.
Morris.' Mrs. K. Mitch?!!. Ml*s Maa-I Coey.
Charles Cory. . William N>b!«, Mr*. E. Noble.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. McKlrcy. Miss E. J Bar
ber.. MKs L. F. lirey. Mies Peoples. Mlvi H.
J. l»J ; in. Mis* M. McKlnley. Ml«» ». Mdterey
ilrs. Danneister , and sea, G. TV.- Huches, j'.
AT KOTE1. CAPTrOU\— Frca Si3 Fraa
cisco: <Jet«rs;« H. Brown. Thomas A. Browa.
H*r.ry lUron. Natkan Kin-mi *-.»: — if#.
!§¦•.—^ Florence aad Uttlaa Dtamocd. Char?~«
\J. VJac«nt. Miss J<*»le Atexaader. IT.rs Coa
»tanc* Alexaa«l«r. Jaro«s V. Tai.j an<l ¦mttr.
M;-s Hatsie Br»>wrjit«se..- Mfsa Jclia L^sijn
»k>. M:ts StelU. LeszyasXy. ilri I. La&ei.
MU» MlrUEi L*b«l. M!«> C»l|KW Label, Mr*
M. Frederick. Marcus Fr*l*r«c*. O. M. Abfc*a
»n1 wife. Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Jfo!aa «nd
chiVJ. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hassen. P. tftetr-
W. 5b«ehaa. Willie Oeejr. E-ia& llab&ani.
Mrs. H. Habbanf. Mr*. l_ C. CuMsua. _yr»i
CoUaaa, Mrs. I-:. l.'BUaax Mr. aad iir*. F.
V.". Baker and <i»us&ser. Mr. *--i Mrs- Kesry
Bran*. Mtsaa Bru-T*. A>x St«wart, Mrs, J.
t». Mrllabun mn4 »a' Misa Frances T!s«— »n.
Mrs. .fcs^ P»rt3«. Uj. Marten Muricck. _U**
Harvarc: -jrluk. Archi* Levin. W. J.
K*«!«r. Mr. aa4 Mrs. Jmisn X^oaaa. ili»
M. Fay. II ?s K..»- Fmy. Mr*, barber. &1t»^
T. Kelly. Mtai I. .K«U»y. David iur-... KViw.
J. Lesas. Dr. J^Sa _•*. W. J. Herrtn, G*->rr;
r. Htuar. w»» and family; Un. U. rn*-.
U. Fr*e»«. L. Uuilauax Frosa Oaiktaad — Mrs.
H. Mi::\««5. Miss Coshtao. W. U. Ca?*y.
H. L. Dans. Miss Ma- FarreU. Mr. and Mrs.
EaU Hahn. WUUam La.-*. Frank , Davtj.
vh»r>« Mi:c>?.-. Vr. W. P. Jcses. EO.\ L*or.
•rd. Fraait G. tfmtlh. Mlfs A. B*rTT- Frcni
Alinwdi- Mrs. U M«txs«r. MEs» EZsa. Ms:i-
Xtr acd oaki. Mtss Ver» M»t«s«r. Master I*
M«t*s«r. Omrs* Morrlcrtk. Mrs. l^eorre Mur
dock. Misa U. MuriocX Mr*. U. W. Esirvni
and family. Mi»» J. Mltehel?. Frank T!a!V.
Ero«st W*i»*. "WiUiaia Ziv-zs. Frcza B«rSt-
«»y — CoWn«l A. G. Fr*enan. F. L. Ko«sj«r.
Frora S*n Kafa«I — Sh«rt3 TV. P. T*7icr *~J
sea. U. J. CcbscH.
Mr. and Mrs. Emil« A. Groezlnger and
Mr. and Mrs. August Hansen and eon are
enjoying their summer vacation at Upper
Soda . Springs, near Mount Hharta. Miss
Edna Becker and Miss Irma Filcher are
,81111 camping -t Shasta. Retreat, chape
roned by Mrs. Filcher.
, • • •
Mrs, George E. Stadtegger and her
daughter, Eleanor, and sister. Miss Roate
Steffens. will leave for Ycrba, Orange
County, to-day to be gone several months.
• • •
-MUs Ethel E. Ordway Is enjoying her
vacation with friend* at Los Gatos.
• . __ • • ¦
1 Mrs. Jcc N«:wmark of The Needles ts
FEBSONALS.
The Missrs Berth- and Lilian Morris
have left for Redding to spend a couple
of weeks with their sister. Mrs. D. B.
Nathan.
• • • m
The Mission Literary Club had a d;
lightfal outing at the summer camp of
Mrs. "W. Armitage. San Ansclmo. Lunch
ton was served under the trees. Those
present were Mr* f/ J. Kemp, Mrs. .U. B.
Vretland. Mrs. T. Morrln, Mrs. E. Mc-
Ewen, Mrs. \V. Armitage. Mrs. J. Hey,
Mrs. M. F. Bruker. Mrs. R. Leech, Mrs.
8. Moore. Sirs. C. A. Rogers. Dr. Edith
Wells, Mrs. II. T.'W-!k?r. Mrs. J. I,ub
ben. Miss L. Lubben, Miss A. Lubben.
Mlsa V. Armitage. Mrs. M. Moore. Mrs.
R. Leonhart and Mrs. Goss.
The California Women's Whist League
pTayed the last game of the compass
whist series en Thurs<lay afternoon and
prizes were awarded to Miss M. RedeSl
and Mrs. S. McCartney. The straight
r.hlst prizes for the month of June were
won by Mrs. McKinnle. Mrs. Costello.
Mrs. Korts, Mrs. Weldon and Mrs. Deer-
Ing. The regular straight whist game
will be run every Monday as usual, but
the Thursday game will b< discontinued
during July and August. The club ia
cczlly installed in Its temporary quarters
at 1214 Golden Gate avenue, but will re
turn to Its former clnbrooms, which will
be made ready by September 1. At a
meeting <rf tbe directors on Thursday
Mrs. George Korts was appointed treas
urer, vice Mrs. 9. McCartney. The pres
ident, Mrs. E. B. Graco, is expected home
the last of this month.
• • •
The recently organized Excelsior Hcme
siead Pro;rres*rve Association gave . its
first social on Thursday evening, the 5th
of June, which w*« well attended, many
lady friends of the organixation being
present. The entertafnaetit was under
the able management of I~ P. Fisher and
consisted of song* and recJlalicns by
Messrs. Hansen. GUfether, Besry and
D_nrnfe!*er. graphophone seleCwOns by
A. Kleyn *nd speeches by A. Ii. McGuire
exd the president, F. B. Woodhouse, and
A. Home. D-ncing and refreshments fol
lowed.
Tbe object of the society is the promo
tion of the interests of this promLsrn?
suburban district. It fcs the intention of
the organization to give regular monthly
CLUB PABTIES.
Miss Alice Falk left last- Sunday for an
extended visit Boutb.
The management of the Edcemcre Ho
tel gave their second monthly party on
Friday evening. June 25- Dancing was
the chief feature of the evenins and more
than eighty of the guests and their
friends, participated. The decorttions,
while not Lavish, were very tasty. The33
monthly parties h^ve proven so popular
that tbey will be continued indefinitely.
• » •
pieasantly in songs and ?am*a. T>.os»»
pre*»rst were: Mrs. Anderson. Mrs. MII1
•ap. Mrs. Mobray, Mrs. Miica, Mis* Ella,
ABderson. Miss Ethel Anderson, Miss
Esther Anders-ir.. Miss Julia Max, Miss
Hizei Richmond. Miss Georginia Bart
tels. Miss Elsye Cal^man. Miss Bertha
Tesche, Miss Lena Larsen. Miss Laura
Custar. Miss Dorothy En^iar.der. Miss
Irer^ Er.ar'ander. Mlrs Era Mcf-'Ier*. Mias
Kay Donahue, Miss Delia McGrath. Mr.
Alexander McA!fr<?y. Mr. Frank Maxon.
Mr. Oria. Pettes, Mr. Frank Bailinjer, Mr.
Clifford Sheban. Mr. Frank Smith. Mr.
Hermaa Gerdes, Mr. Thomas Andrews,
Mr. Gftcr?* Thompaon. Mr. Uri Patterson.
Mr. Henry Gaber. Mr. ReC? Putram. Mr.
Harr>- Jacobs. Mr. Dick Blumber?. Mr.
Leo Maxon. l!r. Rii-hart Teach*. Mr.
Mowbray. Mr. Stewart Patterson and Mr.
Phil Trau.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Kyle. Mr. and
ilr§. B. B. Duscaa. 31: s« Hazel Duncan
and Master Ben Duncan are located at
their terse. The B'-inyalow,. Santa Crus
Mountains, fcr the summer. They, wi'.!
f rp'r.'i the rest of the season, after leaving
: Wrights, at Santa Crei. Mrs. Duncan
: and Mrs. Kyle are entertaining extensive-
J !y. l£r. and Mrs. G. W. HopjKr. Geor?-?
, V.-. ani WcOi C Hopper. Mas Haiti
Nconaa and Mlia Clarice L«. Davis <on
prtaed a house party over the Fourth.
* * *
A birthday party was tendered to Miss
¦ Mlrtle SCcOBXa, 5 Juniper street, rec-ntly
by her masy frier*(li. Those present *er»:
"ila*ter 31dnejr Goldman. Ben Neucaan.
Bea Bi«rs*nau. Florence Bluinenau. Sh«rr
¦ »-cod Blcsena--. Elsie Browen. Genive
I Bruwen. GcrtSa Corbet, E<fa Shaffer. Rath
; Carow, Dora. Ntlscn. Esther Shuitnian.
1 J»nny Hujhe«. Lilly X*ata. Rose Saraael-
I son. Haoei Harry. Luella Miller, Bernard
1 Gaffeny. Master Ben Blumenau acted as
toastmaiter.
• • •
A party ¦was given Tuesday evening.
; Jcr.e S>. in honcr cf Ml»i Addie Anderson
at the honie cJ Mr. Frank Max&n. 5S
; Golden Gate avence, prior to her depart
i ure for Oregon, where she is goln? on a
; vacation. The evening was pawed very
HO2H1 PABTIES.
nia. Mr. and Mrs. B^rendt •will live at the
Var. Nrrys in this city.
CHARinXG WOMAN OF "WOOI>-
LaKD TTHO ifARRIED A SAC
RAMETSTO BUSINESS MAN.
V pretty »e<idls.s took place Mcriay
*v!r^ July =^ «t the home cf Mr. aid
Fri-cijco, when Miss Nellie Kie Max
«rfl!. titter cf Mrs. Nonr.eriS_ir_i. becam.e
the bride of Fred BT, Ba!I. ruperirteneest
«>f the Country CT=b. The br-'-Je w*J
• ?autifslly attired in mode crepe <i« Parts
cad eanted * boujjuet of briie rose#.
Trs.j Miss Irma. Nc=r.ec.mam. dr»«ed la
white, was a picture of datetiri«« *» rir.j
&earer. Miss Ger.eriere Ball, in plr.k. ar^
M.i3 Cel'.stize Nocset:_i_r-3. dressed ia
ola«. »«re *weet e^-i charmi^a: rlo-wer
The «rtsony. crmrJucte<I by tbe
Fte-v. Mr. Fuerjir^rj;. wae beautiful and
— The yuerta. r.um.berir-S fifty.
r:*rch«tJ to the spaeioc* <Ilni=g hall,
ichere a. ycipper -was ierre<L The decora
[tea were jretty. The par'orf, tn green
.«r^3 white, were very daisty. The baa
suet ha,H wsj <lecoTate<S la red ar.d rreea.
wttich. with the co1tt«J t'jrht*. produced
• *f*>a»iirni b^wer. Trie irtftr w«re" many
4T»d varied, fciclr^itr.g a. handsome silver
•*». th* --ft cf the Country Club. After
t brKf trip through Svithtra California,
the btiOe z-rA croom wi!i take up their
-esider.*-* at Point Reyef . where they will
be at home to their many friends after
&cs_ct 1.
a a •
Itis* £iith M. Ca_r^y asd WUiiam E
irrJ^i ttf Saa Jcse irere «juietly married
a Tcexday a: Simpecn Hemcrial M. E.
."hurrh. The gexeraftr.y vu performed by,
r-j- Ke-i- J«rfia St*ph*a». Mi«s Elsie D.
•^rsTtaric w*i tsutid »f hocor and C. B.'
tV*rd «rf G:!rcy was beat m_a. Upon
heir return frcm a w*<JdiTi*: trip to LkI
U;rte Mr. and Mr». £mith will reside in
ran J02*.
¦ • •
The marrl— se of J£i_s - Lillian Frances
iW-'TTtein end Arthur H. Barewlt wll!
.sJte plac*- thl» afterrocn at the home of
??• bride's rn<rtb«r. Mn. Jer.nf* Silver
-:• — . flZ Hy<l* rtreet- Bev. Mr. Stock
rf Tempi* Em*ru«! wi!! efflcizte. Miss
RXtXb Herrr^'mrtlAS will be roald of hor.or
«r.d Irwrtn 6i5r*r«t«ia *t!I b* best bio.
*.ft«rr a wiiUiz trip to Southern Caiifor-
WZDDITGS.
t*nt buslreo men. He is a member r.f
the Masciuc ani Odd FeUcrw fraternities.
am ¦*& as cf the Batter Cub.
AT THE GEYSER5 HOTEL— Fixm s?an
Fr2r.ei*:o: Mtss Ui'.ar. Newman. Mus Mahel
Newman. Mm. R. N. Freer. MI*s Anra*t<
Bawn. R. W. Fre«r. Mr. »=d Mrs. T. E.
Haven. Mr. »n<i Mrs. Berghans*. Mr. »n-I Mr».
J. A. Willy. Otca Lan«. A. E. HerH. Mr* Fr^l
HattFtnann and sob. E. Ciartney Ford. Ph. R
Bckeart. Mr. *nd Mr». P. A. S-ttz. Mr. an!
Mrs. Jihn Hachaw. F. W. Scltz. Vera Seiti,
nichard Acton. Mr». K. Trevatnorn. W. G.
Howe. J. Rothfcafk. Joe Sre*sp<rn. W T.
Ctwt«i\ E. O. Born. H. OfJnrinek, Max Fasi.
A. Kafcn atwl wife. C 8, Hclnies. Gertrude S.
Holme*. Joka Eolieh. K Hteir.man. Irwijr^ J.
Ro**ni>:att, l—iwreace Ro»»nbUtt. Henry
Ijichmore. Bob W«!sh. Mn. W. John*ton. O.
O. Rhodes an-t wife. T. Gar- Perklaj. Kilth
Treanor R. VottXtr. Alice S^eaveTs. WUlUic:
H. Jordan. VfeftH Dcherty. Frcm Oakland—
Mnr. M. B. Xlchofscn. M!« N'»ehr.:*5n, A. H.
Ricketts and wife. P?i«H!e Rtefc«*t*. Emma.
Bickeus, Dr. anrt Mrs. N. H. Chamberlain.
A. W WeM*r. Mr-. Chart-s McUonald an>I
son. Mr. and Mrs. Wil'Uta R. MeHafR?. From
A!an»»<la — Dr. ad Mr*. ?b»p?artl. Altundc-
R. Banm. Chart** E. Rtom. Alexander X.
Banm. Frcai Scrantcn. Pa. — Mr. and Mrs. K.
J. Howznl From PWUrtelphla. Pa.— MU* L.
«e»p1«- From LTtlah^ — Mr*. R. E. Dcnchtje.
Dr. W. Wads'arorth. Je**t* Grovtr. N*tO» Tay
lor. M»*s G^axii. Gen'vieve Keltcn. J. I*. Me.
Nab. Mrs. E. L. HollMay. Mr. and Mr?. M.
Caughey. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Glbscn. MaybeHe
VALLEJO HOT FT'LPHUR SPUIXG?—
Frctn. r*n Ft»rc1^i-o: Mrs. D. D. Hl»<w, Mnt
5. BnMi.«. Mrs. WalM-cfc. Mtss K I^rry. F.
V. OTtT»r. Mrt. F. V. OU»«r. M:»a Aim»^
Ahren* II. Wellr'rlc. M;<* JuPx. Dwi^wn.
Mi— SI** Iv*n*. Alh*rt Starkweather. Mr». A.
mr»hf»Id. Mrs. W. H. Oro*«t. Frnrn Oafct.inrf —
Mr». Prlc». A. TVetUtelT*. r». B. Mrtrr*>tr. Frunfc
P»rker. JT. Johnston. C Oresrer. SIr». Dt««t.
Froa AIa~*iJ — Mi's K. KI»hU O. Hancock.
AT" HOTEL. BKS LOMO N"T>— Frcra Su
Fraoci** 1©:1 ©: He**.-'! F. Jeces. 11. McCartfe".
Mr. and Mr- Sam BCbo. H R. Wi^.fr EUf
I-*siyr«t»-. O_ G. Swtt. Mrs. SI. G. P-nan.
s-aratwl L. J-amter. Miw Sarr:**. Mia» Vtata,
Master, Kiss* ET«> fiaater, Mrs. B*x~.«tl. Jf^»
H. Baycell. Vnrt EL Rf"«. R.^b«?rt lyr^r.u. Al
frM f'Urlli H. J. Cu.taz. Elcwr Cartax. Jlr».
F. Cchn. Msi Evelrn «'6»m, Abe GoM**.»;n.
«. Weil. J. J. ruytco, Ed F. Amwtranic. Jr.ha
Brew»r. JTn. R-'*ali« prf»!i. sfr»- A=T!a VsJ
liart*. Jta*-T fV»!»r Wjil^n'. Mr^ Xatl!*s
H. Frank Gktz« O CTX-tIS. J. I.\ JUrsimartn
Mr». n. Ptiaw. Mi** H. Slr*o»«.* Mi?s M.
r?trac«s. B«r .*_ Baif, J. Xewmaa. M. M.
•^«h<»o. A. B«ksr. Krnra S*n Jo«* — s-»-n 1^
Hirwrh. Mra. C. T. ?nti«.^»lrs. Arj^ta B.
?>mi'h. Vrrm $*<rmsicnto — Sir. «»t Hr«. J.
F. FraW. Fr»^a Ber&ic*—lXT7 *r.£ Mrs C. P.
OHJwrt. Mrs» J. U GSrb-M-t. Mis* V U Gilbert.
M!*« Mifc*! Fl»rfi«?r. >Iri«. Mtnn!e M^tw«.u Wai
l»n Mot»»tt. Chaaceey Xcr»»tl. Mr. A.. A.
F»nri«r. Frcm Pajo Alto — C. L»n>r f"h!Mr.
Mr and Mr*. C. E. Chll'l*. MTss B. f. Bi*W.
Mcr.teil Efsler. Mi» Statsrss. Mlsa «.TiU«>.
Frem OaiUiKl— Mii# M»rri«t Hall. Mr«. O.
t. H«TT»Jjaw. Mf. SBd M'». G«ory« Hamnw.
Yrnta Bttob i?rrtn«» — f». I^mb«rl Froer» Al*
m»ria — Mr. ai"l Mrs. J. F. Pa-*- and fa=Ji!y.
«" Sruptech. F. P. Jsnn'esnn. Frcci Fr*an»—
Mr. xci Mrm. L TV", tintg. Frpm En^t-nd —
W. E. Ltwre&r*.
AT HOTHI^ I^V HONDA- Frsta 5aa ~r»E
el«»: M!»» Drs«rrjey. MiM R. Whiia
sfeie. A. ahaefer. U J. 3fowt«rry. VTfEJasi S«:
«;». Frank N»Iaoo. Mt»» H*!«i M. Grace.
Mtss fl Caitl-tSrjn. W. J. Pa«3§{«n. Mr. act
Mnr. WEtbna F. Swifl. Mi!* 5Iina«rlt«
Sciile«f. MJs» >.aaa Scfcteef, Mias Aaaa M.
WaUh. S. H Kiirs*. eiarartl Martin. Fr->ns
R«l-nnK>i City— Mrs. H*=ry W. Wark*r. 3S1M
C!afT» Mcrrray Mls» Mjrrt!i* RaasMter. i&*
Eti#I Raaseter. MtM Pauliiw M. &«»?«•. Mj»
G*rtrcle M. Ce*r»r. Frtsns OakUsd — Mrr. A.
M. 5a:;o*er. Mi«a Rath C Sali^ser. Mrs. L. r.
Vmitants asi.-J da=zit«r.- Frcna Pa Jr> Alto — G.
Leonei*ter. W. ¦&". Wlntert. Fttj StaafonJ
l*nhrer»Jty — Xba f*. Pattersor. Frcm rr*-.i
Cfty— Miss Ecfly J. Hairitt.^r:. Frca Wat«nn
vtr» — W. W. Warren. Fr-.n Miran. «. C. —
R. L. «ta^cVK»e. Fra=a MtllUrs.*— Zlzz. J. S.
Ccnovers.
Mrs. C. a. JIaHc and rfuM. David F"is!k!. fc-
L«T«aa<:n. V. Varri*. S. S«Uj. MUs Nat_ax
M. GUiert. H. R Censwell. W. S. Godiasith.
A. W. L'ttiay. El L. T*&tr. S. I- Mart*. Mr.
aad Mrs. William Eori. Dr. and Mrs. *-". G.
Veekf. Fr-^ Jacfcfcsn. J. X- re»T_a G. A.
Gree=u-3£r. «ud Mrs. James McElray. t* Hef-
Baa. T. J. ttaac*=, J. M!c£Mws!a. Miaa R. Stoii.
Mi*» M. Stotx. A. Vf. Brsmit. Mr». P. II-ft
ic?». Jssrm Mrf.*aa, G. Ec*O*i. & a. II««1
lette. G. Andersen. T. J. HIil«traact J- K-
Bicca. ar. ar.i Mr^ H. Vaa Lnv*n. MU3 M.
Vaa LiT»ea. W.- W. Haas. L. F. KatJ. J. F.
Btcsiick and wtfe. J. P. 3!:«ri«I«a. J. J-
DcsK. J. J. Crswtey S. Ail«i*t^ta. JIi£« 1>-
Aileljt«ln. Ch*r:« Pi4rce. Froni B»Jt«l«7 —
Mr. i&5 Mrs. Max Greealiaflrt. MUa J*ct*«.
W. VT. Conai, Frraa San Laamtro — Mr. an.J
Mrs. U C. Mcr«fcoc*e. From iSanta. Barbara—
Mr. an»l Mn. K. ThomniQe- From Oailaa*—
Mr. and Mrs. Cfcamberlaln and ica
AT HOTEL LTXtiOS— Frocn Saa Fntvri»eo:
MJ» lUi* I Hfljf Mm. Sipfei* Arw>W. Mr.
as-! H.i A. E. B5a-elow. Mr. aai Mm. : H.
Hoddlslan. JTr. asd Mri. Jam«s It. Carry.
Mn. F. W. Mcl-iishUa. Mrs. R. Z<i*l»r.
Mia* Al«xaa^er. Frtrs Oaklatid — T. C. Ceo
ffaa. W. S. Baxte-. J. W. X«L»cd. J- R. Bom
ham. Mr. sed Mrs. E. P. Tartar, Mis-
Ottrey. Miss Doroiiy T*j1cr. Frsra A— .n»elai
— MLm Xelll» SaUivan. MJ«3 E. S. «ygon:raa.
Mr. aad Mr». J. C. P5»rw, G*crr« H. Tyicn.
J. G. Speace. Mr. a»I Mr*. Ro&«rt Ktrlcanocil,
Mrs. L. H. Xorrls TSTiltiani Lynhanj atieis,
MJm .-hi-:, asd taaii Frora MsnJo Park—
Mis» CStrrct. Mtss M:JT»ar. Mr. an.! Mrv K
TV. McJfear. Mr. an«l Mrs. U R aciith. Mr.
and Mrs. Bri««n. Master A«iitea Brttl«w
AT KLAMATH SPRIXGS— Frctn S*n Frao
eisco: >fr. *nd lfr». E>. A. MendenivtrL Kn
Gscnjs B. WUteott, JUft«r Gecr?* H. WEIi
eot^ Fr«tS E. Leteers. A. Kc*«^i>srr«r, R.
Moreton. - Frcss Oaklasui — J. L. WEJectr. Mm.
V.-. Bre-wnea. Frora Motita^*— F. K- Ge-r«e.
FrssB Ayer— J. VT Stic*. Frora Pcfcegj-Tui.
Or.— M. R. Pcuer. Fro^i Euirft_e, Or.— W.
H. Veaeh. Frc=i Ptcart— Ray Evana.
AT VILLA FCirrXXAT. G^tjwood— Fr>r3
su Fr»nrt«cc: F- H. Smith. H. B. Sarith. H.
Keiasr. Mr«. H. Keln«r, Eti«t J. Ksiner. H.
L. Keirlt. H. -W. Msrrirr; irr«- H. TV. Marjaa.
Mrs. A. RUfrjr. lim E. Chrtaf-iv W. H. H»a
ia*r. Mrs. W. H. Uixekt, Ma«t<«- L. Han
m«r. H. Van Berzets. Mn. H. Vas E«ttks.
Masrice Frank. Mr?. Maurice Frisk, itisi
R»aa Riyracn'i Frack, »Ui >fae Grasey. TV.
L«wis. Mrt. W. Lewt». Mtss Gretta Dr^raeriy.
Min J?::« Krai=«T, Mr*. Lotti** K*rsm4r.
Mrs. E. Ootte«. J. H. Scetn. Mrs. J. K. S«!n.
Mlts Insa. Stela. Maszsr Saafort Stein. I. V-
Lttch5«M. Mr». J. T". LXteoSeUl. K. Ufl>-rJ
Lttc2d!eM. &maB«r Litcifield. Mri W«ii»r
CfeCTcfa. liism A. Cfecr-b. J. B. Gattnaao. D.
Jac&bs, Hm Franeia H-iisaan. Otta R. Csrt-s.
L. Lebenfc*a=j. F. C. Lc&eataura. MLw Eose
Leb-Tibana, Mm. .1. Cirtax. Mi« Loin J.
Cfertax. J. J. Fa«ac. wire. tfcr*« ebildrea a&*
aur»«. Mrs. M. S. M#rer. P- 3T- M*yer. Mr<.
Flor* VTitt. Mtsa Sadie TVItt. Frora. Alaraeia
— Mrs. P. Sasaian_. Miss Ett* Sa«=i*==. R. I*.
=t=ip»on. Mrs. R. L. arncsoc MPulr-d Simp
sen. Vlrrlnla. Stmr«ci. **» SI 21 ** 311 « r --
Graat StaBpsen. Frcta Oakland — Mrs. S. E.
Gcrura. XlM A. V«ip«r. O. M. Vearwr. Mrs.
O. M. Vesper. Frcta MajrMtfc- Ecrtssrs— Dr.
O. H. 5IS5CHJ. Fmm Sact* Crcz— F. W. B1U
la«. Mrs. F. W BuZir.y W. K. Krtej. Frota
Gr«*nTn!»— Mi€« L. D. Wai is. Mrt L. D.
Weiss. Mtss EMe* Welas. Frosi Clscisnatl —
Mrs. R. Gratnnan.
AT "ICirr SPRINGS — From San Francisco r
F. Strch. M. V. BcTke. Mrs. J. B»rt*. H«*«I
B. B^rtx. AcraUe Jacobs, R. ateLnrrfin. Charles
Karp. l?r?. D. E»mrd». Ml»» Pendexaat, S. J.
CTicrchill. Mr. and Hn. H. Bloom. Mrs. L.
Moni*. UUi Ilint&n, S Kattsn. J. C. Mea
hettn. C. Ci Hazetaccn. Mr. and Mrs. O.
AJp«r» and family. H. F. Helnze, Mr. and
AT PARAI;?O SPRIXOS—From San Frar
c»c>: Dr. and VTra. E. Weatphal. Mrs. J.
Walum and thlUJren, <- Bartelt. Mis« Fin*.
Hiss Eva Fiak. Mrs. WllHanj Flak. Mrs. C.
rr» .-n*r. Mrs. J. Mcrr1», Mr. ard Mrs. John
s'itt*. Mi*s Lena litzrg, M" 1 . Mary Trop*.
A. I~ Dowter and d-iaefeser, Min Ashard. Mn.
Newba'.J. Mr. and Mrs. G. W. FUb«r, Ura. J.
Abrahams, Mr. ami Mm. J. A. A!t«n, J. M.
AHra. Froni Kins Ct:r — George ll*nrr. O.
W. i^irren. C. V,". Hudner. J. 1^ Whtte. John
Ixcnart. MIs» T. !-»?«<. Charl«a Enj-cry. I>r.
E. L. Perraa!'. Front Monterey — Cfcarlos g.
¦WTilte. K. rjeTman. J. B. Robtcsoo. Mrs. O. T.
Ort. Frcm Wataonville — Mr and Mrs. George
Hrttr G. gornbanrer. Frcm Pacific Grov« — \V
C. IJttHr and wife. W. C. Little Jr.. Artiar
Uttle. Eleanor Uttl*. Anita Little. From Al
bany. Or. — EM O Seii and wife. II. R. G«aria.
wife and con.
AT THE BESOBTS.
Miss Hattie ON^ill of _T15 Devisadero
street Is spending a few weeks in Vailejo,
th« suest of Mks May Burke.
E. Strcm, G. Adams arvi P. Ossmat: o*
the Rosebuds hase !tf* on their annual
trip to Montrio, Sonoma County.
* * <*
Georse V,'. Cowen of Alameda left oti
June 2S for Catallna Islands and Socth
«:rn Callfcirnla.
Miss Eva.BoTser. who has been sojourn
in? at Sar.ta Rcsa for a month, has \*.ti
with her frier. J, Mrs. D. Bernardi, for a
vtelt's stay at Bodega.
Master Leo Krause. *ca ct Mr. and Mrs.
L. FCrause of, Pcrtland. U the guest *f
b«« :rrandpar*nts. Mr. and Mrs. D. Adler,
at 527 Octavia street.
Dr. and Mrs. T. Martin Smith will di«
eontirsue th£tr day al hene until furthfr
notice.
Dr. and Mrs. George 'l. Dnieper h-ive
returned from their summer tmilr.g.
Miss Cclia Jacobs cf 1€15 Po*t street is
spending the summer In Stockton with
Mrs. H. Isaar*.
Louis MeUger and II r. and Mrs. Ed-
iXet»ger are sojourning at Hi^b
!ard Sprir.s*. from trhich place they are
making extensive trip* through Lake
County.
1I:». S. L. Stone or Portland. Ore./ Is
visitins relative? at S3> Clay street.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper have re
turned from a de!i?btfa! holiday at L«
Moine, where they enjoyed splendid fish-
Philip Hea»r f who has been spend
ing the month of June In Lake County,
is entirely recovered from his recent ill
ness.
l£ias Doris Heaer will return July 3
after a month's sojourn at Highland
Springs.
Mrs. A. W. DoHard is spendinc a few
weeks at her old hose In Grass VaUey-
Urs. Willtam Matson and daaghter.
Miss A. Humphreys, Mr. and Mrs. F. D.
Marsh and Tamily, Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Marsh and aon, Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Jaa
s»n and son of San Francisco and Mr.
and Mrs. Benjamin P. "tVooir.er of Oak
land are still at Klamath Springs.
3Irs. Clara Foltz. the ifwyer. has re
turned frcm a fcrte? vacation to her coun
try place. 'The Woods." San Bemardtno
County. Miss Rinda. Ro*»nS;€r5 r secretary
of Mrs. Fcltz, has jone on a month's va
catton.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Levy fnee Harris)
will recerve at tbetr new home. 310
Twenty-second street, near Harrisoc. on
Sunday, Jnly 12. from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Lambert HayTnaa and
d-ux-bters. Juliet and Beatrice, are enjoy
!::? a month's vacation at Wri?bi"s Villa,
Alaceda.
Arthsr Bush and Alfred Eiaeaberj are
specdiEg- their vacation at Laurel DeEL
Setear Tsacscr. after spendiE? six
rears ta German sehocls, has returned co
this citv.
JLrs. Flsrecce E. Dersaody^- and Mrs.
Clara. Tlsirsecs are at tbe Hotel Genera.
Sausaiitov
llr. Brown and mother, tbe lfisse«~Roe
asd llisa Spra^ue <rf Boston, Dr. Sa.ni;>
son ard faniily, Mr. Porter of Boston,
Mrs. Mead* and O» Misses Meade are at
the Hotel Dorchester.
21r«. Cbarles Re*in. Miss Ailie Keba
and Miss Freda Reba. are spending a
Ecutb la San ilateo»
Geprse TV. K. Patterson ha* returned
after aa extensive tour throu?- tbe Unit
ed States, Canada, and Nova Scotia.
Mr. *cti Mrs. T. V. CTBrisa tpIU spend
Jc!y arsd a part cf August vtsitia? tbe
*catbera portion of tbe State.
vlsitfes- b«r Estfcer, Mrs. E=Sy Folks,
at S_» Turk street- Sie wCl be at home
first Tfccrsdays-
tAH eoticw fsr tita "Soel«ty E-ret«~ «-*=»
ct Ti* c*:i ii*M be *srt t= «=« "-TT^*
strtt. *=d ic—it \~ *es3cs5«=i*l tor ti« p* = "
.-.'-. *-iir««« cf ti« m«_l«r at U» t*mitr m
ts»:=t*r c£ tlw ci»b taO^g t_« coc:.Tnr.ig*>
tiOKj
¦ -fUE dcslCTS Fourth baa
-/ J>~p^ trr=r-t «cc_ »,vo:ii»r oi noise
I VL/ rat-re that »tI2 <Jr_nrin«r-roc=3
nC^^V Vjwb were _lse«t forgotten
is« ¦ocfety txitf* and tSeir sia
t»n tc«t on ti» c&s=ca ground
«-r rwtrtctisra— a «ars:tli cf feen_*
ttai if enr.t:='-e4 OBMClM tfce «ea.
rcn wfH fcri=« so «»d c* irwJ cheer. Tte
tjspairtotic few who bled tbesuiftlves ta
the ccz_try t» escape tie Fourth cf July
celefera.tlos In to-wn csjy nv«t the «a«
Etoise -si the et:t_^«ia«_ ef ctiier r=«ti
«-. .- Anerlcasa. It «¦»* s. cccd Fotrrth
ftid revived tb« =e=icrr cf tie ?re cf c-r
«r.ceatcr« *-lt_ a w V= th !'>=J to be re
c_tb<re<l.
E_rGAGE3izirrE.
2ir. ard Un. H. LoeTr«n«tet= ¦JiiMHrnrt
the e=i-ase=snt of tbe^ iaexbter. Martie.
ro Meyer KIrscb cf Port!_=d. Or. At
r-one to her CtfcS_a E=riar. Jclr 12. at
_S5 G*ary street
• • •
V.r. s.z.4 Mr«. D. Michaeli arrounce the
»T.tz%Kz.ezT. cf tbei- <la_cbter, Theresa, to
H- Greerba.UK. Tbey wia be pleased to
receive ttetr fnensi* S^idar. Jcly tt frca
2 to 5 p. rs., at 731 McAllister etreet.
Da_i«l C. McKay cf Sacraccsto and
"Xtlw Gcse-.-te-re D. Curtlaa of Wcodlasd
wfre edited to carriage at Sicrarsesto
j-jr.e — Tbe fcriie :a a «ra-=a- e c *
trw2S» Cct;Te=t cf Santa P-csa. arf is
tttractiv* cf face asd Certx SJe U aa
expert _e»e«as__ -ad baa carried *-«y
a. scn:i;tr cf prizes a« an erjceatrler-ri*.
The jreer: Is cr.e cf EacrassestiJ'i prcd-
SOCIAL EVENTS OF THE WEEK
1HE SA>~ FBANCI5CO CALL. SUNDAY, JUI/Y 5, 1UIKS.
Continued, on Page 39, Col'csan 1.
38
ADVZSTISESCESTTS. J
TfiQHiQINP-
lUlflUnlnb
DISFIGURING
Skin, Scalp and Bleed
Humours
From Pimples to Scrofula
From infancy io Age
Speedily Gyred by Ciita
When All Else Fails.
Tte _^o_!zlse lic_i_s and burnlc; of
,t_c elrin, _sl_^cz«_£- the frightfal
cc-!ia£, -¦ In psorixsls; the loss of hair
ted er-stmg of the sc&Ip, as In scaEed
head; the facial <!is_surez_ests, as in
ccse and ria^worra; Ihs _*rfal suSer*
izz of infacts, and aaxJeij of worn
out parents, as la ~-!!k crest, tetter sml
eaJt rheca, — all demanu a remtdj of i
almost tspcrhssits rinses to saecess*
f cl'.v cop« with them. That Coticora
Snap, Olotoe-t aad Resclreat are s^ch
rtaeds proT*n oejocd all dotjbt. No
£_ttexaect is nude rc^ar^lng thea that
is cot jestified by tbe strongest evi-
dence. Tne porit.- azd sweetness, th«
power to afford iimaedlate relief, ihs
certtirty of epeed j and persianent cure,
the absolcte c_f t\.j aad great ecoaomy,
Lsre made thera the ttaDdard sUa
rnres, blood purifiers and hoaoar reme-
dies of the ctrlilzed irorld.
Bathe tbe aSected part* with h~t
w*ter aad Ccticara Esap, to cleanse tba
»orf_ce of crests and scales aad soften
the thickened cuticle. Dry. wilitont
rubb'.r.z, axd apply Caticcra Oict-
cent freely, to aliay Itching, Irritation
scd l_S-nu_aUoa, acd soothe and heal,
sad, lastlr, take Ccticsra Resolvent, to
onol asd clesnss tbe blood. This coa*
plete local and coastltatiosal treatment
affords instant relief, permits rest and
tltep in the sevrrest forms of eczema
scd otber itchier, barnieg acd scaly
Lamccrs of the skin, scalp and blood,
ecd points to a speedy, pencanent and
economical core when all else falls.
*<t ft I" «c* 'mt tfal varS4- Cafiesn B-» ttt »ra% trtr .Cm
tara c.r Uwsot* Costa* TO*. He ft tWJ mt **i. «¦>
»-.«-. •*•-. Swp. iJr. I.»aot» • \*m£n. V C_trt0t_w«
• ', : ;.m, J E««<»Ur< j: twoo.lt Ulsasu iti.
7-artrr t>r««t ft Cbnw C09, S»i« rroprteteo.
gyfteal far ? U*v *» C~-_wtry lUimam.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
KsA •W ethtriftctal I4«ntkh« arc removed tjr
I»B. kzA MltS. A. W. TBAVE1XSE. Doaob««
•.S.'.Kir.g UT« MarVet «tr««. cor. Tark*. room*
* T* «rhb tb» vicctric t***£\* wIUmmK p*!n «r
__r; pctsusescr smnxiletC; bosrs 1 to 4 p.ca.
itZWACAg. «: LliVi-MSOy.
¦ F^Z_!__!— — ___Z_____— ___Zh _————» __——-———-—————»— ~~-~~ 1 "" 1^™^^^^^^^
• ** j _r* a jl — _w *• __> . in ""^^^^ipbtii _______________—ih~' i "7 y
Kearny and outter ois. ¦ *•***-£ f^r^^-/.hj-^
Special Clearing Sale of
Ladies 9 and Children's Summer Underwear
Children's gauze Swi$?-ribb«d cottoa r«ts i^past- | Ladies' S-isa-ribbed lisle rests. {^^^^
n$-_ll y io!d-t 50 ce-'J * gir-ie-t, special c m «ra osly, regnlarlr oO cesJ. -^^
prke3for L $1.00 . redsccd to :"/'"
Hisses gi n_e ribbed ists, sili crocheted neck. L-dies Swisa-ribbed lisle xests ofgh neci. Io=|
puss to nuttch. altars sold up to 75c. « sl«res, -Iso fagh neex. short -J^ 50c.
. l-ri-ent-speci-l price «11 sizes f 50C. o,l 7 -were 6oc. and , ac each-red-C-d to
Our Corset department b the finest and best appointed on this coast — Fitting rooms with
every modern convenience; able and experienced fitters, and a stock that is unyjrpasse- anyw».-*c
for variety of styles, and moderate prices — Here are a few specially attractive items:
J: B. Corsets P. D. Corsets
Xo- 1— Bias cut, straight front. Iotsg hips, low best. Xo. 4.— Latest shape, nsade of bear- cmtiue, loss
garter tabs, ihade uf b!ack and white sateea c hips, low boat, straight frcct, ge-tsse whaie&eaes,
also white aad grey coctille. price v* -w " trini-sed witi sll- embroidery, white cclj -— ic
No. 2.— Bias gore, low bust, rnediusi hips, straight frost price *
garter tabs, cade ci batistt, color* white, a. -,- vo 5 —Bias gored, rer/ Iott bsxt, rxle_3to_ hip,5-rtcr
piak. blae, grey aad black, price pl—O • ' g?__ioe whaleccne*; wiits, cade ci cq
No- 3. — Bias cot, straight frost, extra lew best. Iocjj ; heaxj coctille
hips, rn^de of heavy satetfa, colors white, ~ | fa V*A. cade cf Italian cloth 54.00
gray asd olack, price V* •— »v j ** "r <
Special Sale of Bed Sheets and Pillow Slips
Bleached Double Warp Bed Sheets received— New Styles in
ii % S: x !n::::::::;z:::::::::::z:::::Sc oriental striped Tapestry, suitable
PiKow Slip's- Good Quality for lounge covers, portieres and
Size 45 in. x 55 in ice draperies, 50 in. wide; per yard 35c
Size 50 in. x $6 in 12^c \
Hand-made Tencriffe Lace Novelties
We have just received a Urge assortment of Doylies, Squares. Scarfs and Center Pieces; cade
of this ne-.v anJ beautiful lace, prices as under :
Doylies 6 in. x 6 in 20c I Center Pieces 24 ;n f 3 *?**
Doylies 9 in. x 9 in 50c Scarfs 20 in. x 54 In • $4.-0
Doylies i'2 in. x 12 in ...75c 1 Squares 36 in. x 36 in $a.-0
Bathing Suits for Ladies', Gents and Children
Our assortment is always complete, prices to suit everybody — Special for this week:
Ladies* Navy Blue Fiann-i Bit! n<; Suits with rolling cellar — trimmed with whits
'craid; reduced from $2.75. and $3.2; sj . to ~ y-.ZD
Big Reductions in Plaid Silks
Monday Morning we will place on sale a splendid assortment of beautiful Plaid silks, suitable
for wabt", skirts, etc. — Besides a large variety of fancy plaids, we have the following standard.
Scottish Clnn Tartans. Campbell, Gr,«hi«m, Stewart, Victoria and Macduff — These gcoJs &-
have been regularly sold for $i-Co a yard, on Monday the price will be OOL
ALPA.CA is a verv useful fabric for summer wear — we offer our regular 75c quality, -^
co!crs Bsadc, Navy, Royal. Brown, frght and D-srlc Steel Grey, at the special price of per yard OUC
More Silk and Lace Mitts
To be cool and comfortable during the hot weather, kid plo-ves are out of the question, hence
the seasor>ab!eness and desirability of SiHc and Lace Mitts. A tilling in shipment just received.
They are of elbow Imgth; colors buck or white, prices per pair,
55c, 60c, 75c, 90c, $1.40 and $1.60
Ribbons — Extra Special — Ribbons
Here' is on opportunity to secure beautiful stylish Ribbons admirably suited for neckwear, for
hat trimming or for decorative purposes, the maximum of quality for the minimum of price :
4 inch, all Silk, S.uin Taffeta, with fancy dots, in all shades, per yard 25c
- Handkerchiefs and Summer Neckwear
Lirfies' Lace Edjieil L uvn Handkerchiefs and Ladies'. Fancy Embroidered Handkerchief;.
Over 100 dozen, in 20 different patterns, reduced from 25c each to I2>;C
Washable Summer Novelty Tie*; in White. Blue, Pink and Lavender — worth 25c and 35c,
Special safe price, each 10c
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
ATV__3LTIS_UV£NTS. '
««*——>^Hr^_^^aJr^^ftP l^^^——————S^?wAs_^ _¦««*— ¦ ; *—^^ l C^'—^ T*~^ ** *
jt*M.« r >^<_x ysr— \^feyt y^-^ s^Sy y 1
3TAAJ7OJT TJUS MTC&T- C^JU. OJf
DRLWn,LIAM>S
E«gl ¦ ¦ i ;
"A skin ef beauty U a j v ?y fsr«v«r. *
WRINKLES, gf^fi^.
Anj At! racial M*.-Wi
PertTAficniry H.-mo\e<.
ESt^SFZ- P*R!!^«»iN -METHOD
iSsft. —v £1^1 ?H«HI Uc^«»nl fjr Any
ffr M' J 1iBnBHi Case We Cannot Cur-f.
W^ SUR.\EY-TORRA.\CE.
. w . './ 40S PO»T ST.. S. F.
' latpcrten oj i:>^ryth!3.*
0PQe v for Use Fiww.
I lVlVfi <«nioBstratioiis of our work on ex.
LlfUlU hiblttca ttU wttk. BOOKLET PIU__.
A *3VEBTI£ET_X2fTS-
i r\\^^A^ I * Icate appsaringf solid, g
B \\| rescmtling: sweet country butter. B
3 wN)Sy7- . Absorbed in the' skin. pores ¦" by gen- H
I t^^^ « *\ M *^ e rti^ >^" 1 ir- it revives and restores m
I Ji^Jjf HI skin's vitality, the re!3._:ed mus- g
f V '\i/M % l\ -\ *od fibrous tissue becoine rested, &
I W|llnf3r^^-1\ \- the Wood which is - : v S
B^^ /* at once circulates freely, producing a S
clear, smooth, velvety complexion. S
farTiWi^ ,*;, '^ Price, 75 cents per jar, postpaid. B
g Ladies treated by mail for alt blemishes. S
H Trill Tor 1?mo sending tbim ad. with IO certtn in &
SI 11 Idl TUl ' * 1 vU ***B*P*, **ll receive on instruction book and ' B
« ' * a box of Skin Food and Face Powder Free. £j
I Mrs. Nettie Harrison Co. I
§ - OCRMATOLOCIST - S
» 78; Geary. Street . San Francisco l ;AT DUNCAN SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco: Mrs. Edward Carbone. Ernest C.
Gaddlnt. John Sroufe. Mr». M. ('. Hhaw, L. L.
Dorr. Mrs. Charles Dumorit. Mcnroe Jacobs,
Louis Dorr. L. A. Olsen. Mrs. S. N. Furlong.
G. S. Hmlth. Mr*.- T. B. Wetherbee. Miss
Blanche Wetherbee, J. D. Moncton, E. Court
ney Ford, R. B. Beckert. J. F. Stanley. O.. V.
Anderson. L. Cerf. Charles Mayer. R. Iiankini
Mns. J. C. Kelly. A. J. McGinty, M. D.;
Charles E. Taylor. M. D. ; John P. Dean. Miss
Helen Ingram Bally. Miss Elsie Dorr. E. W.
Wallace and wife. M. Holnian. M. Waltrlp. G.
Waltrlp. G. Holman, John Parker. Clalr Gor
don. From Menlo Park— 12. S. Clute. wife and
two children. From Hcaldsburg— Mrs. K. W.
Maland. Miss H. E. Wldland. Miss Roslna
Bloch. From Petaluma— J. K Wheeler- From
Alameda — William Nylander. From Berkeley
— W. H. Bone. Mrs. W. H., Bone, Miss May
Bone, Miss Josle Bone. From Sunta Rosa—
J. C. Klnfclow. J. A. Cowan. Miw E. Austin.
From Tairoage — Mrs. J. WlUon. From Red
wood City— J. B. Baoon. • -
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS— From Fan Fran
cisco: Mrs. M. Frfcdfrtok. Miss M. Frederick,
Mim Kitty Arnold. P. Lee. J. C. Alrd. M. V.
Burke. W. Tappenbeck, J. P. Langhorne. A.
W. MelKn. Mrs. J. V. Croft. Charles P. Hurl-
Ing. William Cohen. F. Jackson. W. E. Mc-
Gough. J. E. McEnery. M. T. SesFon and wife.
J. B. Yount, Mrs. J. M. Salle. Olive Sail*. Mil
dred Salle. Alice Salle. From Sacramento — V;
Kohler and wife. Bertha Kohler. MUs E.
Klotz. From Des Molnes. Iowa— William p.
Wood. Florence Wood. From Frtiitland— S.
W. Horn and wife. From Blsbce. A. T.— John
Connelly. From Lakeport;— W. H. Spur,- L.
H. Bo*e*. From Fresno — F. M. Cood and
wife. From Oakland— D. Perrenot and wife.
From WeHvervllle^ — Mre. J. Morris, George . II.
Jumper, Peter F. Peterson. From Concord —
Tony Hose. From Klamath Falls, Idaho — f
MUs Mabel Dewell. From Cordelia — Henry
Siebe. From St. Louis, Mo.— D. G. Wright.
From 'WilHams— J. E. Rathburn, C. C. Mc-
Mahan. From Han Ramon— Mrs. W. w. Cox,
Mrs. M. R. Cox. From Berkeley— Lsttle
I^eon»rO. May Kennedy, H. A. Berry and fam
ily. Berkeley Quartet. From Benicta — George
Grc^n. From R«i — F. H. Byfe and wife.
AT BLUE. LAKES RESORT— From San
Francisco: MIsp Rosalie Ha rby. Mlia A. C
Wynne. Dr. C. Taylor, Dr. A. MKJlnty, Hiss
Nellie Russell. R. T. Grant. . W. Healy. Rob
ert W. Burrows, Albert Hausted, Frad Jack
«on. DIcU Dickinson. R. A. Coldren, Kdwln D.
Bachman. J«ne S. Severance »nd wife, Henry
Lachman. Laurence Ro«nbladt. Irwln Ro^«n
bludt. M. Gilbert. Mlsn Mary Elliot. MIks
Emma F. Elliot. Mrs. F. H. Gruwell. Eliza
beth J. Glllen. J. M. Harlan. Mr. and Mrs.
R A. Chlsholm, Dave Davis. Mr*. Ella Wal
tf-rsteln Master Frank Walterstein. M|ns Ella
Waltersteln. Miss ; Cummin* Walterstein.
Miss Kate Burgers. From Oakland — Mrs. W.
A. McCutcheon. Miss Mabel , McCutchoon • G,
B. Yatis. MJi-s Prlnrle. S. J. Prlngle, Mr.'ftrd
Mm. George C. Coildtng, N. H. Neylan, Cecilia
A. NeyJan. Francis F. C. Moohey. Charles F.
Berger. Mr. and Mn, W. Ji. Chamberlain and
son. . William . LAng. -From Sacramontn — Fred
Kohler, Mm. Fr»d Kohler. Mis* B. Kohler.
»»<— T. Vint. UlM.iwol* V.- •, ,,';,
AT SARATOGA SPRINGS, l>chelor— From
San Franci*eo: Mt.'s Ella Bales, Miss U.
Sparks. L. W. Johnstone, Mrs. O. W. Schep
pelman R W. Burrows. Mlns Rosalia Hardy.
Mis« A. 1^- Brown. Miss Wlnne, Miss A. C.
Wlnne. Mrs. Licktensten. Miss Kathleen Lick
teneten, L. F. Wolf, Miss Delia Foley. Miss
Jennie Byrne. E. B. Rcsenberger. Mlas M.
Hlnck. Mr. ami Mrs. James McMahon, Mas
ter Gus McMahon. Miss Madle McMahon, Mr.
and Mr». Edward 11. Kcen'.g, three children
and nurse. H. D. Nleuhaus, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel McFadden. Miss Helen McFadden. Miss
Carniel McF*dd«n, Mi's Alleen McFadden,
Mi»« Julia Schilling, Mrs. A. R. Porter. Gus
Tubner. H. F. Schlle. W. A. Newbold. Miss
Myer«. Miss Maud ifyers. Master I*ester My
eif. W. Dasmann. Ml«s M. B. Bra«selmnn,
George P. Rowell, D. F. Covell, F. Mortenn,
M V. Burke.
Up to date 315 statues of William I of
Germany have been erected in German
towns, at a total cost of about $5,000,000.
Schmidt. H. Kreutzmann. H. A. »WIIl!ams,
Mr< Henry Williams and maid. Fred 11.
Beaver, H. Lund. Mrs. J. K. Hoogg, Mrs. J.
M. Johnson. Miss Adele Beckman. MUs ii.
Hfpan. Fiom Oakland — Mrb. A..B*>rland and
grandchildren. From Fruitval*— Miss M. V.
Ann*trong. Frcm Mount Pleasant, Mich. —
Mi*b E. G. Coitway. Krom Dallas — R. Wlthen.
AT LAUREL DELL — From San Francisco:
F. J. Agnow. Dr. C. D. Gorton end wife, Eu
gene Coleman, J. W, Elstren, Edwin Bach
nmn T D. Fitspatrfck, M. E. K»egan. Mrs.
M. T Glllon. Elizabeth J. Gillon, Ethel Glllon,
W. G. MaKnln, Ed Lachraan, J. Michael^
Rowena. Brant. W_ A. Know and wife, J. U,
Scholle J>m(i McClain. Charles E. Taylor.
M. V.i Arthur T. McGinty. M. D.: Miss Lil
lian Fre€dman. Miss Harriet Greenberg, Mrs
P. Greenbtrsc and children. Mrs. Henry Leap.
D. W, Dlllard and wife, William F. Hopklnb,
A. N. McDonald. Mrs. Lfchenstein. Miss Cath
erine Llchensteln. Cyril Lichensteln. Mrs. B.
Unvemeyer. Mrs. S. Latz, Mi*a Rose Latz,
James MtEIroy and 'vtfe. Thomas F. Dunn.
John J. Dunn. Mrs. G. K. Eaton and baby.
Mute! N. Wise. Roy n. Block. A. M. Kant.
Mr. Roger. From Oakland — James McClaiu,
W. A. Know and wife, B. Lycn. Susie B. Col
v«r. Jo»1e Smith, Edna Smith. From Berkeley
—Mrs. Finnfy and children C. R. Morte. M.
H. Schwartz. W. L. Thorne, T. A. Smith,
J. H Poehm. V. M. Shoey, J. S. Mills. C. B.
Mi.iR.
AT CRAG VIEW— From San Francleco:
William J Landers and family. AV. H. Oachel
der. Mrs. J. A. Bachelder, Mrs. F. A. Urmaoii,
MrB. E. M. Sleator. Miss E. M. Sleator. M. V..
Wright and wife, Mr. and Mrs. C R. Morris.
Miss Alzadia Mcrri*, A. C. Baumgartner, Mien
M. A. Southwcrth. •
The Mercfd Ssnta Fe route has placed
on *ale a SDecial camners" ticket, which
includes atcge fare, hotel bills en route
and accommodations in the valley at camp
Curry. A hve. seven . or ten days' trip.
Five day?, 137.50. Seven days, 541.50. Ten
days. Make your stage reserva
tions in advance. All about It at 641 Mar
ket st.. Yosemlte desk. Santa Fe office. "
Yosemite Valley.
man. Mr*. C L. Wickersham. Robert Henry.
Mrs Robert Henry. Mrs. Thomas Mirk and
children. Miss M. L*pan. Mrf Gorhim, L. L.
A-v*r»on and wife. Dr. H. Edseworth Da\ ifc.
H. Morgin. L. <i. Srcrovich and wife. N. »•¦
N<-arv c. M. Ntlson tn<i wife. Juila M. <s<:
Laveika. J. V. de Lavessa. M. A. do Lavcasa.
Kdwarf Tie L«vea«a. John R ¦ D»n»«»«v. ££«
Atherton. team Bibo and wire *. ££*•**££•
Ivan Framisch. Lyor. Aurtir. A. G Ua»l>. Mra.
J BctaalO. H. X Richardson. Miss K. B.
.hilds W no»rnberß and w'fe. Lawrence
?s &£*«:.¦ -.'"."p-l Ir i :
£ Tv.,^r»??;r".ii. n .. B r;«.»s;
SS>S^ H S'"»*s«SnK:
Mrs. 1 % K^V l^ll'lrca!* ilw Lrf» Be'.llßlt
tes»* v™r¥- sbf^?»
Mrs^ U' T Vnd^rsrn F»y Chapman. C.
Ur^hani. 11. T. na r, r ll t l , r '* fcn4 tam iJy. Marie
t>. Vincent. H. W- J J \ m , „ <}core« E.
'»»¦«¦ V -,, ™»ry C Crourh. A'ice M.
6& "l« «el«. Ml.* Ulltai. iß«« i. «•
W«!l M 1«» W«M. Mi^« garster. M. fcamter,
Mi« Vlota Scmter, M 2« F. Cohn. Ml- &••-
S^S&^iS M^:
S^\v-lP ! «r.« MI« Roealie Stick. Matter Peter
sfj wmT a n. s -. Mr«. Ju'ia fc*rlei. Elmer Curtaz,
"Th^c^rTir^hor. »hirh tock pl*ce at Capl
i-STot th« S«S ct June 20. »•» * euccesa
la * very way. Kully 30w pueets were in *t-
ever-ins. July 1. the iukU of the
hotel^re entertained by • band concert tfvea
by the MacConald band of Santa Cru»-
There was a ?rand bail on the evenln« cf
Jli i^e 4 "hett! c«t**e« B re all CUed at present.
The Capltola season promises t& be a most
'Madam's" gpRINCS-rroa San Francis-
Mr t "d Mr» Wlrstrop. Mlks A. Uayne. James
T'*vcer J E. Huoper and wife. Luke Kava
r»xn MrV J. Wt'hman. Carl Sf^«W *•
Jlolroer 1L T. Eubr and wife. Ju!iu« Faltln«».
Mr. and Mr,. Gecrs* L. tuhr If., an;l
•wife M!*» Uor'.s Hev«r. Phil He\xr. A. t.
I. hteicfeer J. A. Klein. A. Miller, 1. Curry.
Mr* J J Meyef. MiM Helen Kelley. G. Wit
n.£' and wife. Austin R«^. WilHam T. Fry.
Oliver M«rkl»y, Chester Oturood. wlft and «on;
Patrick Ilyan and wife, Alexander Howard,
jlrt. Evelyn tJrcwn. Mim'Minnie Brown. Mey
er Voc»I. Khitt Diem. HJchard Hall and wl>.
Or.en Ptttlcrcw Albert Greealeaf. Herman
Ftfrnbers. M. A. Taylor and family. Alvl.i
OiiEßfcy. <ie.«rge Fischer and wife, Mcrtm
lAwald Gladys Val!. Gertrude Mitchell. Mtf.
• 'ecille L Haas. J. F. Co'eman. Mlks Marlon
E Lewis P. B Le»i*. H. Netjman. M. L. ,
llomer *nd f*ml!y. J. TV Dalley ftnd r.l'e.
ntchard Beatty and sen. J. A. Coojc. Jam^n U
Knock lUtiry Uray anrt wife. C. T. Evans. S.
IX Kennedy. J. H. Uaten and »}fe. Le«
l»i-»-«rli«r From Oakland— ll. J. »*onte and
r^fr D B. Sutherla^-1 and wife. 11. T. Kirby
«r.d 'wife Otto Wosaer. A. H. Crawford.
From c:ordelU— S. H- Yeo. Ardrew Wltmer
and wife Wliltatn Kolmeyer. From Martinez
-.hsrles McUlbb«-n. D. L. Burke. From Hoi
'ittcr—J **' Haukln» ani wife. P. L. Uryan
¦ >.<1 ruinlly Cfc«**ter Drumond. nicharn l>«a
monJ Frr'm fcuWun-Mre. William Plrrce
F II Itenman. Irani UUton-J. H. Dickey.
IZ,-ii kchwartz ¦Kit* and ««n; A. D. Ha^tlngH.
Vr.wKalrfieJ.i-J. E. W00d,,. A u £tln Falr
r.e,ther. Ttylor Fairweath«r. Fr<.m Lake
rrtcr'^Men* O- L. Ufjllnf. From Kacrarnent.i
— N V'att-re M. Brewer. Ad«/ph Althcusc im<\
mV J' Kalley and wife, Mr». M. Murphy,
rr^.ro Val!ejo-Jam« t:=«ce* Mr?. L K. Ery
«n- Cet»X« M I>«r. r*trick I>onahwe ar..]
nite r.ic».ard. DcanifSP. Wand B". Harvey.
7-r^m Saa Uafwl-\V. X Teylor and kii. A.
n Fii.?i «-d 'ainily. HoNert HewM and wlf*.
Vrcra IX'h' Aiosel**— William a»rland. Mist
1!-)tn nr*c«. MM Fannie Eishori. Abrahani
<'rvt»-n v.ife urt! two f-hlJilrpn. Frr.rn tledlauU*
It B Warren an<l wife. Harry It-eve*. Mlv
M-.nnic Re»v*». Fr«in ilpni-ovU— P. M. Kel
ter n L ?mi«K Frcn Oup.rt* — A. CiKininß
\tuer.' From Vhiltier • -. H. Han-ey. wila
snl .lat>«htfr. ?IU« Gladys Srnitn. illet Kvt
!rri £mUt.. F^m-Pr*w*Ht. Ari*.— O. L. TT»y.
r.er. Mi« »:. M. Trayner. From Phoenix—
Ix^aa. Mlr.nle Urcphy. Msa nrophy.
Frmi ChKHKo — Cart Ahrent. lienaan H«i».
Frum New York— Ucnrl Hamaiar. Al\ln Fleet-
AT "nntOK HOT PPItINGS— From Ean '
FrjtnrlMy>: A. A. r.rown. N. L. Bel!. M. A. ;
ntlajMt Mr» M. J:Hwll'.,Mr. «nd Mrs. Jalia ,
<* ' Klein R. F. Flood. John Carlson, C. A.
Wiawtoh Mii» A. C. S'avan. F. Vorweck.
4'lmilr* L. Bhalnwald. Robert C Donahw. «'.
H. I»»te4*cn art wife. Fre<ltV. <?roE«it«. J. H.
V.: i>han .1. Bilicr aa<! wife. Mle» Jean»ttc
Uinman. Mr«. A. L. Pey»er. CanUin Otto
lAider*. Ad Cnaenn. 11. ficholun. J. Qa»riolo.
jnr Kfduiril. Jonepli C. Meyerst«ln. U. A.
Krorn Ui»'t — <3. Et-hehanrtr." PYont
?Ccw Tork — J f Newman. J. Ger^tle. ;• From
F.,.-.i.,_ThP">»«- Hlrrh. From Mills Col'ege —
lark' C. T. JJ'll*. From K'>r.n'i l Ji' i H. !.— F.
W Dawnn. Fr'-m Oakland— WHttfttn Leach.
Fnw i<tsck«f.n— F-ank A. Guernsey. Cborles
Tt Mi::cr. From Fr*en<i — P*t« Trpnsler. From
T.ltwMt Catsp— T. n. Wlillajr*. From Santa
r.rta-Uart''* C. For*}'* 1"*1 "*- Frnm Port C^st*
¦ .-n:t-i.-im CnrtjaJann. From Sacramento— J.
Continued From Page 38, Column 7.
AT GILROY SPRINGS— From gan Fran
p'fcco: J. O. Burton, Mr*, n. H. Cahlll. C. A.
Holbert M. I/eaby, John Winters. I. S. Cook
and family, F. S. Curtice and wife, C. F.
St^aly. K. Gernardt. J. C. Graham, A. S\
E<Str. Mr*. G. PedUr. E. G. Larkey. N. S.
Joyce and wife. P. Boynton. Mra. Xleie Boyn
t«-.fi. John A. Ktamde. Charles Focte and wife.
Miss Carri* Eaton. MIms Charlott* Eaton. Mlrs
Marian Wilson. William Walsh, n. A. Ebbttts,
T. C Castle and wife. Mits Cor* Castle. F. M.
Altmark. M. S. Millmar.n. H. A. Crepln. Ml«s
Alice Ray." L. Rraverman. E. H. Gorgas. H.
C Drotrn. A. V. Eachun and tvlfe, [ F. Je*
tiurura. From Waunnville — James Griffen.
Canie I-ln*cott. From Pan Jofe — George E.
Lynde, R W. Knlbbe. K. J. Kcnward and
wif«. A. I>. Meyer. From P««ad«na — J. Me-
Corm!ck. From Oakland— J. H. Hall. Georga
Wuncinjcton. From Alameda — L. R. Poner.
J. .T. Covert and wife. From Madrono — John
L«v«rone. From Selma — N. Tliomsen and
wife. Frcm Derotn — Mr. atyl Mrs. Ferrelra.
AT NAPA j SODA SPRINGS— From San
Francisco: Mrs. L. Muller. Mrs. J. n. Croin,
Mrs. II. Sahleln. Dr. A I* FUhfr. Mrs. F.
Seelljf. A. H. Small. B. W. Long. F. V. Urban,
K. J. Dollard. Mr*. B. J. Sldemann. M. J.
Pidfman. Mm. A. Pnllak, MIm Pollak. Victor
F. Pollak. Mlsse* Hltchene. M<-«ii stark. Mr.
• nd Mrs. H. Seller, Miss Seller. H. G.
Ore*r>«weljr. L. Saronl, SIIfs Levy. Mrs. SI.
Frar.klln. M!s« Franklin J. J. McNamee. Jcb
Atklr..- «nd wife, K. Onnsnhelmer. Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Doyle. Miss Rourke. Miss Brown,
Mr. and Mra. A. Greenbaum and family, Mr.
pud Mr». U C. Van. Dr. R. B'nl. Mrs. A. Son,
MI** Kon. JIlss Aim* Fon. Mr*. M. Davis,
Ml*"! noaw. Ml"* I* Hlchari!^. E. S. Coghlll.
?<lf« Muxzy, 1J. II. ISnzzy. Mr*. Rluon, 3Ji»«
Ktspon Mr. and Mm Wm. H. White. Mr» E
MfGarV. fhler Hmtlnw F. S. Glass. Fisher
Am«s and wife, Mn. B. Marks. Mr. and Mrs.
H. M'is». ilm. Ro«enblum. MIkh Aronson, Jim
Mack. Mr. Franklin. Mr. and Mm. S. Soul
beim«r. E. H. Mo»»rt and wife. J. A. Splnettl,
J W. Lee. Mls» Le». Mr«. I. H. Jacobs, Miss
r. .facoM Mr. J»<vir«. M«-». M. Adler, Ml*s
Adler. Mrs. M. Marks. . Mr. : and Mrx. : New
marl:. Jlr*. A. Nordman. H. C Nathan. A.
M. Arrner. J. L. Hoff*nan «nd family, H. J.
Wagner. Ab« I>evl«r; Mrc L. Less, George
fhattcrley. J. M. Green and wife, Erne«t
H«*tln»*. .A. W. WHI. From Oakland — A. M
We'aiyi*-. Mr*. J. H. Motthas. C. E. Dodre.
H. Xi. MacV a nil family. K. D"nnenba»m, K<1
Johnston. W. J. Abernethr. George H. An
druw. H. W. Jarorn.
AT DEER PARK INN— From San Francis
co: F. D. Atherten. J.*G. S<-rnps and wife.
f. F. T^Vla», Fred T"kl»s. J. O'Connor, Bertha
Sweet Mrs. Annie •!!. Sweet. Maud* Hy man.
Relr>e Weill. -Mabel Sweet. B. J#\ Joseph. J.
I . .1. *» r. h . J. IX Wnl f *. J. j^_ ( inAA» v. M.
— From San Francisco: Henry Haas. Gertrude
bevy, Mrs. A. I^vy. Mri. D. A. Levy. Mrs.
George Plum. Mrs. J. Jacob, A. J. Hurt. E.
Sommers. Mrs. E. Sommers, Lillian Goldman.
Millie Pel»»r. E. R. Fofdick. Alice Hart. Mr*.
C. Ea£«> W 1 . F. Wa!j.b. EUle Pelnert, Hortenre
Haas. Milton Haas. Mrs>. A. Haas. Mrs. A.
Mocker. Irene Mocker. L. Dlnkelman. Mrs. H.
r»ir.k»lman. Herman Joost, Mr*. M. Jooi-t.
Harry }lermi»n. Mr*. II. Herman. Mrs. M.
Haas. Ruth Leon. Mrs. S. R. Leon. Teresa
Seller. Maurice Seller. Mrs. M. Seller, William
Ar<?nson, Ch«rle» Aronscn. Hattie Lippman,
FJorenc* Goldman. 1. Packert, Mrs. M. Atkins.
Elsie Fem. A. Collins. J. Parker. Mre. F.
Harcor. F. Hs,rcor. Miss C. Hart. Mrs. J.
Moran. H. Kraus. Mrs. H. Kraus. M. Fred
rick. Mrs. M. Fredrick. Murie Pernau, Eunice
Clean* Miss Cleary. Mrs. T. Murphy. Miss L.
Mcrrlii, Mlrs F. Morris. H. Morris, Edith
Phorie. Harry Sliode. Alma Shode, Mrs. J.
Khcde. Charlotta Label. Miriam I^bel. Mrs.
T. Label. Ml*s D. Crown. Helen Crown. Char
lotte Crown. E. Burrows, W. A. Coole. Edna
B. Tylor. M. Frederick. Mrs. M. D. Levy.
Gustav H. Levy. Mrs. J. Murray. Gladys Mur
ray. Archie Murray, Miss M. Hlckmott. Mrs.
M. Ephralm. Adele Kphralm.
AT HOTEL DEL CAZADERO— From Pan
Franctasco: Mr. and Mrs. Samu*l Crooks
Ralph Crooks, Ma«ter Rader. H»rvey Brown,
W. Frohmaa, N. P. Vallejo. J. D. Bacon, R.
Pprlnsf. Mr«. C. 8. Ltvjr, Miss Lucie Levy,
Mr*. C. C Stewart. Ml»s B. Stewart. Georpe
Van Demark. Mai Heelbromer, A. W. Fair
field. A. M. Whltabar. J. M. I^ane Jr.. H. W.
Hlckman. A. Campbell. Helen. M. SomfeM,
Mies P. Schey, Ml»* O. Fchey. A. E. Haym,
John R. Cole. W. G. Anderson. Mr*. J. w.
Marshall M'.es Anna Marshal). Miss Grace
Marfhall,' Mrs. J. T. G^tes. Samnel Gates, A.
Wollpert. Charles Wollpert, Mis* Alma La
oomley, W. Lowe. George Galllck. Mlgnon
Madl»on. Elso Madison. Charlr.s '¦ Henflerurtn,
H. F. Brown. D. A. Olnen.^W. C. Oleen. W
T. Smith. Julius Hayman. From Sea View —
F. W. Ch«rles, Geor«te Uaxman. From Uklah
— H. H. Elliott. E. M. Hatch. From Oakland
C P. Dlngley. From Occidental— Nelson
DlHKOh
AT HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS—
From s5an Francisco: W. B. Wilscn. W. Wli
!!<=-. J. C. Langley. Georse Blasdell, H*nry
Millar. Miss Anne I. Murray. Miss KatherKe
G. Murray. Mr and Mrs J. Murray. E. LsnJ
ere. Mr?. A. Max. H. O. Clancy and wife.
George E. Brown, A. Williams, M. Geteiick.
«'. L. Oarbone. G. E. Schulti. wife and child;
Mr«. F. W. Riches. Charlie Troyer. F. Bell
mer and wife. Ida Bellmer, J. W. Wldson, H.
S. Elliott. Captain »nd Mrs. A. Woodslde. Mr.
end Mrs. S. ReUs. M. Pole-man. T. Smldily. A.
BulottJ. A. Phelan. Mr. and Mrs. Maach. K.
S. «=pader and wife. Mr*. C F. s?tone. S. M.
Carl. P. J. iiuparich. wife and two chllddren;
N. Wankownkl end wif». H. D. W. Schmidt.
J. A. Schmidt. Vr. Victor G. Veckl and ulf.\
Mrs. C. B. Owen. Miss Helen H. Raur. H.
Colety. George Wagcner. F. N. Laney. W. U
Willman. Miss 5. t'layburgh, Herbert E. Clay
burjrh, C. Blackl/un. C. J. Rlchaus. Jam»n
Mrtrns and wife. E. L. Hickey. W. F. lmn!
gan. Josei>h Rowland. Peter Schnider. Lizzie
Schnider. Lcttie Robbln* Mr?. Dr. Anll»on>.
Lillian Posner. M. R<vun and wll«, Mrs. F.
Borcste'.n." W. D. Farrell. Mrs. Jack Bletckjn,
M. L-vy and wife. Ixsuls Getx and wife. M!e«
PaUy Getz. Miss Lillian Gets, A. B. McCrary.
Mary McNamhra. Joe Kenedy, M. fjilro and
wife. A. Robletz. Mr». J. H. Schmidt. Ml**
Schmidt. Mr. Max. Mr. and Mrs. Sol Levin,
Miss Lillian Leslie. Mi*s Cieo Slmkins. Mr*.
M. C Onell. From Oakland — O. L. Mead.
Mre. E. Umb, Richard Lamb. F. S. Cotton.
Alfx Hirehh«rgi M. J. Hallahan. W. Delany
and wife. Mr*. M. Sehunemann, W. Lesvey.
M. Powers. A. McNamara, T. P. Em'.ph and
wife. IUm Emlrh. P. WIvn. From Napa—
I). A. Dunlai>. G. W. Allen. S. Mayfield. T.
A. 11*11. D. Caragnaro. John Carbone, Mamia
Carbons. Anita Carbone. Martha Pepper. Frcm
Alameda and Berkeley — Mr. and Mrs. A.
K<*>rhfT, F. S. Honrner. From Vallejo — K.
<"a*p«r. M»tty Ca«per. F. M. D*nio. . From
Loe Angele*— J. J. Jeffries^ Jack Je3rte«
From Tenapah — Clem Murgan. From Salt
l*ke «;i'.v— C T. Heal. • From Melltta— F. J.
renrad. i!lss G. Scholl. N. Baity. H. Elwprt.
From Santa Rofa— Louis Blum an-1 wife. J"
wph Lehman. From Petaluma— N. Gould J.
g. Blackburn. C. Maddalena. From Vacavllle
— Get-rpt? Parke. From Stockton — G. S. Hud-
Kin. Frcm Pacramento — J. H. Dickey. From
Pan Jc*e — Mrs. J. W. Storkhou*?. From Ssn
Rafael — &.G. H*r»oi. T. R. Fton». From Ben
fnhurft. New York — Robert FltZElmmons.
From New York — J. P. Kgan.
AT MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, Santa Cruz
Sullivan. From ' Seattle. Wash. — E. Trey.
From Alareeda— Mrs. E. B. Carson. Mies Ruth
Can-on.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
Philadelphia has the largest number
of Christian Endeavorers connected with
any one church, and Ahmednagar, in In
dia, has the second largest.
Reduced rate* on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bckln's, 11 Montgomery »t.»
The trouble originated in the refusal of
young Starks to submit to arrest. He
was charged with having offended the
daughter of Benjamin Ogles, a wealthy
farmer, who filed complaint against him.
When Sheriff Taff approached Starks
warned htm away, saying there would be
trouble if he attempted to take him into
custody. Robert Starks came up at the
moment and after learning that his son
was about to be arrested, hurried home,
where he procured a revolver. He re
turned to the Crawford County Bank
building, where the Sheriff and his son
were standing.
"Here, take this." said the elder Starks
to his son. "and If Taff don't leave you
alone you know how to protect yourself."
The Sheriff tri«»d to argue with the el
der Starks. but to no puB^ose. He then
took Her^chel by the arm and as he did
so the prisoner began firing. One of the
bullets struck Taff In the stomach and
he sank unconscious to the ground. Ivca,
who was attracted by the shots, ran up the
street with revolver in hand and opened
fire as he aaw young Starks brandishing
his weapon. Herschel Starks fell at the
first shot and his father then wrested hia
pistol from him and began firing on the
deputy Sheriff. The latter was shot
twice, the first bullet taking effect in his
mouth, the other lodging in the right leg.
City Marshal Weeds came to the rescue
of the officers at this point. A few mo
ments later the elder Starks fell dead
with a bullet through his heart. .
It is believed that Deputy Sheriff Ives
Is the only one of the four shot who has
any chance to recover. The shooting oc
curred on one of the principal business
streets and threw the little town into a
furor of excitement.
STEEL.V1L.LE. Mo., July 4.— One dead
and three perhaps fatally, injured is the
result of a duel with revolvers which took
place here this afternoon between Sheriff
W. R. Taff of Crawford County, hisyiep
uty, Perry Ives; Deputy Marshal John
Woods, and Robert Starks, a farmer, and
his son. Herschel. aged 23 years. Robert
Starks was shot through the heart, death
resulting instantly. W. R. Taff, the Sher
iff, was shot through the stomach and
will die: Heischel Starks was fatally shot
and P«rry Ives, deputy Sheriff, was shot
In the mouth and leg." His condition is
dangerous.
?_ —
One DIe3 Instantly and Four
Others Receive Mor
tal Weunds.
Missouri Farmer and Son
Engage Law Officers
in Fatal Combat. ."«
GUN FIGHT MAY
COST FIVE LIVES
DETROIT, Micb., July 4,-With the ob
servance of regular Sabbath morning ser
vices, the fourteenth annual meeting of
the ' Central Conference American
Rabbis came to an end to-aay. The con
ference sermon was preached by ' Rabbi
Samuel Himchberg of Boston, on the ap
propriate subject for the Fourth of July—
••Judaism; Americanism, Cosmopolitan
ism." Rabbi Hirschberg said:
"The Jew, as far as nationality goes,
shares a common identity and in equal
degree with . all his fellow residents of
this or any other land. His religion has
naught to ho wrtfi his citizenship, unless
it be to make "that citizenship the better,
the truer and more devoted. Judaism, in
the largest universal sense, truly, right
fully spells cosmopolitanism. If 1b only
the • unconscionable and unconvlncible
anti-Semitism that cannot and will not
see it. There is no people to-day so read
ily assimilative of the national character
istics, truly cosmopolitan, as -the Jews."
Conference of American Kabbis Ends
Witl^ Eloquent Sermon by
Boston Delegate.
DECLARES THAT JUDAISM
IS TBUE COSMOPOLITANISM
THE SAN FRA2SCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
39
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI^.
TO-NIGHT— LAST of the Romantic Gem,
MADELAINE.
Week of July 6— Great Revival of Everybody's
Favorite,
With the Same Fine Cast. Including
EDWIN STEVENS
In His Famous Creation of' Want, Regent
of Slam. /
COME AX*J ENJOT THE PRETTT MUSIC
AND THE CONTINUOUS COMEDT.
HEAR THE FEMALE BANJO CLUB IN
THEIR POPULAR SELECTIONS.
SEE THE MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES AND
SCENERY AND THE TRAINED
ROYAL ELEPHANT.
Next — Smith & Ds Koven'a Eastern Success,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
First Time at This Theater.
POPULAR PRICES — 2Jc. Me and 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
*__ '^— ¦ ¦' ~~ ~ tii r i xr n
Market Street. Near Eighth. Opposite City
Hall. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO- DAT.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
JAMES CORRIGAN IN
JOSHUA WH1TCOMB.
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE UNIVERSAL FAVORITE.
_JJAMESL
CQRRIGAN
In a Magnificent Revival "of the, Great Sensa-
tional Melodrama,
KIDNAPED
Aj>r The" Thrtlllnr LeaD . for Life from
Vi-U Brooklyn Bridge. /f
¦3 ILL The Startling Abduction Scsne.
** The Burning Wine Cellar.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 60c
X AlvLJ Matlneea , 10c, 15c. *.'5c
Week of Monday, July 13— JAMES CORRt-
GAN in the farce comedy, "MULDOON'S PIC-
NIC." -
GRAUDfira*
0KX.Y MATINEE SATURDAT.
"FUL.- OF FUN FOK TJHfi AUOIENCB3"
7 • "' SECOND WEEK. '
' | __TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT—
SATMOZTD AND CAVEBLT
'And Our Superb Eastern Company in the Fasci-
nating Musical Eccentricity. • • :
In Central 1
Park V j
POPUUR* PRICES. ..^w : , . . . .25c, BOc and "5c
WEEKLfCALl
16 Pages; SI per Year
AMUSEMElffTS.
.-.oru-. in.....!.. ¦ -.-. *^i _- ¦-_.-.-,.,. i. ,.,„-„-
.^ SEVENTH AND MARKET STREETS «
o Every Afternoon and Evening:.
A Week • Commencing MONDAY M \TI- §
X NEE. July g. " S>
1 POLITE VAUDEVILLE f
1 KRAFFT AND DALEY, §
S Singing anJ Dancing Duo. X
| HARRY AND CARRIE LA |
g kola, ; g
5 la Their Japanete Sensations.
» GEORGE W. MOORE, |
A Monologiat and Parodist. Jj
| GEORGE CLIFTON, ¦§
0 The Eminent Burlesque Artist. 6
| LOA DURBYELLE, %
g Shadowgrapher anU Maglclenne. iQi
I MERIAM GEORGE, I
« Violin Vlrtuoto. •£
'% THE COMEDY THREE, |
A Unequaled Funmakers. .V
I CLINTON MONTGOMERY, g :
V The Peerle«3 Descriptive Baritone. X
| THE BIOSCOPE, 11
v> With New Moving Pictures. S j
rt PEOPLE* 8 POPULAR PRICES— »
g Nights. 23c. 20c. 13c and 10c; Matinees O|
g 2Oq^ and 10c. Phcne for Seats, South O j
icaliforniaT
TO-NIGHT— LAST OP "FEDORA." ;
To-Morrow NIgrht. Tuesday Night. Satur-
day Mat., America's Greatest Tragedienne,
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
..'.MAG DA...
Wednesday Night— "QL'EEN ELIZA-
BETH"; Thursday Night— "HEDDA OAB-
LEK" ; Friday. Saturday and Sunday
Nights— "THE JEWESS."
Next— MISS O'NEIL la "ROMEO AND
JULIET."
"Twlrly Whlrly's" last week— don't for*et It,
we pray; i
If so you'll regret It. perhaps many a day;
But we're working away on another surprise
That's so full of good things 'twill be praised
. . to th« skies.
1 WHAT HO ! I
WHAT CHEER!
; THE OPENING DATE
WILL 800N BE HERE!
Next Monday Night. July 13th— "UNDER '
THE RED GLOBE," "THE THREE MUs-
KETE.'SRS." Combined Into One Great Pro-
duction.
RESERVED SEATS— 23c. 5Oc and 75c- Sat-
urday and Sunday Matlneea. 25c and 50c-"chil-
dren at Matinees. 10c and "Ze.
High-Glass Specialties Every Afternoon and
.Evening in the Theater.
BROTHERS LTJTZ. EVANS AND KT. Jt»HN
FRED WADELL. WALDHON BROTHERS*
KARTELLI. RODINSON AND GRaNT-
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
VISIT THE
BOHEMIAN GLASS BLOWING EXHI8ITI0H.
Inspect "CABARET.DE LA MORT."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. j
APM1SSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c ¦ ¦
DDTTCUT7C von barbers, ba-
tiKUbJl&b %zu?v$8ig?*fc
brewert. bookbinders, candy-makers, tanner*,
dyers, flour mill*, toundrlea. laundries, papw
hinKers. printers, palntert. sho* UctorUk,
•tablemen, ur-rooftr*. tannars. tailors, etc
BUCXAJTA3V BX0S n
Brash X«aaX»ctar«rs> 609 Sacramento iS.
LEAUING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST, 2* Po»t «t.. San Francisco, CaL
Established 40 year*. Op«n entire year.
Write for SO-page catalogue ffr«f).
VON MEYERINCK s $^f
Sll Fulton »t.. San Francisco, Cal.
Under t!»e Direction of
MME. ANNA VON MEYERINCK,
The larcest and best equipped FChool on
t the Paclflc Coast, offering all the advant-
i ages of Eastern and European Conserva-
[ torles for a thorough musical education
under guidance of a carefully selected staff
of prominent teachers. Prospectus sent on
application.
i POLYTECHNIC
A Rusiness College and
flft' • Frhool of Enslneer-
SStSkIt^U^^ JEM "T-llrped ychoil, of
I" r J*!'j flflfl O EgStiBi business. shorthand
'.Mji 7 ~^fTOl »S£f^ * nti en<::iRPerinir w ««t
raStW^i^i' climate, exp'n sen
low. Write for free
100-pase catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
j Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
I Seminary course accredited to the universi-
ties and leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
I tunliles offered In music, art and elocution.
I Thlrty-elgbth year. Fall terra opens August
I 12 lfKi.*!. Writ* for ratalosue to MRS C T.
i MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. O.. Cal.'
1236 MARKET STREET.
Actual business bookkeeping; .only expert ac-
countant* and reporters a* teacher*: Gregg
sh&rthand. the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day itnd evening. Send for catalogue. -
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PARTINGTON'S. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New Term Begins MONDAY. Aug. 3.
DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Menlo Park. California. Prepares
for any university or for business. Send for
illustrated catalogue. IRA G. IIOITT, Ph.D..
Principal. Fall term opens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL^
FOR BOY8. BELMONT. CAL..
Open* for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
pils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
en application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
Miss West's School for Girls,
COU VAN NESS AVENUE. .
i Opens August 18. Home and day school. Ac-
• credited by leading college*. For catalogue ad.
| dress MARY B. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
BERKELEY, CAL.,
Heopens Monday, Angnst 3^_
I SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens August 26th
In new buildings on Monte Diablo are. Modern
; Improvements. For further information or cir-
culars address (MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
8A2T BAPASX., CAZi.
Separate building for little boys. Xmas term
will begin on Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND UAY SCHOOL FOR
r«uns ladles and little girls, 212H California
tt.. will r«open August 3. 1903. - Accredited to
the Unlversitiei. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal. .
f«CtirOr^l«X era School. 300 po-
/ jLxi C I KCC> sitlons In past year.
\z2frr 3, .^"it 5 t.0-pase catHlogue.
\^y -*-* aan Francisco.
COLLECE OF NOTRE SAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL.
Fifty-second year. Confer* degrees, grants
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
servatory course. Intermediate and primary
departments for younger children. Studies re-
sumed Aurust 4, 1003. . - •¦ - •
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
, 1HV1NOTON. CAL. ,
A high-trade Military School for a limited
number of boys of good character. Next term
begin- August 12. .
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
THE JEN NE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
- Stage and platform positions Ruaranteed:
languages; diplomas. Catalogue, a 152 Sutler
•t. Phone West 1 US. Heopens SeuUmber 2.
tSAN FltANClSCU VKTEH1NARY COLLEGE.
Three-year graded course confjrmLng with
rules adopted by Association of College Facul-
ties of North America. Regular te=sion com-
mencM June 10; ends December 1. Write: for
catalogue and Information. EDWARD ' J.
CREKLY. T».V.S. Pea n. BIO Oolden Gate avt.
AMUSEMENTS. . ¦".. .,
ALCAZAR?^
- . -- v ' ¦ - ¦-.--¦ Gen'l Msr. ¦
Phone "Alcazar."
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
Sensational Succces of MR. WHITE WHIT-
r • tlesey :
¦ In"-, the Vamoiis . Komantlc' Drama, '-. :> f -
MONBSRS
MONDAY NIGHT—ONE WEEK ONLY. ,
• Th« Eminent Actor, . •
; Mr Av hite Whittlesey, 1
In a Superb Production of the Brilliant English
: • . .Military Drama, .f i - v y\
BROTHER OFFICERS
, One of the Great New York Ruccegseo. • V
PDIfEC Evenings...... ............ 25c to ?5c
f nivLJ Mats. Thurs. and Sat.... I5o to. 50c
Monday. July 1." — MR. -WHITE- •WHITTL.E-
kv.v , in ••C"£rc .PRISONBH OW •ZKN'UA.",J-fi
ADVEETISEMEXTS.
I Dry Goods "^ISbSS? 6 Company, ' I
I Special Curtain Offering 1
I X Line Worth Seeing, at Prices Worth Knowing |
r. STRIPED MADRAS CUR- NOTTINGHAM CUR- §
£. i'AINS, croam ground, ' TAINS In Arabian and «o>
v three yards long, regular Marie Antoinette effects, g
price S1.5O and $1.75, to full size, always sold at 5
o clear out a lim- |t«^ am S3.5O, $3.75 and S4.OO o
y ited lot a pair XI /K a pair, are to tftry S
2 - • •4 J A«£»^ be closed out $3.00 ?
£ NOTTINGHAM CUR- at * g
i 1A1 J N!S<^ ecr f and wnlte « CLUNY and ARABIAN 55
0 in stylish patterns, three BUBB1NET CURTAINS. ¦»
g yards long, reg- nn hand made. 2«< and 3 X
V ula Tiyo S^A S2 - 2 . 0 ii./3 vards long, will |jt« AA S
5 andS2.5Oa P air4 JJL *«^ be sold for one \S QO |
g NOTTINGHAM CUR-' week. ... . - 4* v#vv ¦%
¦o TAINS in Brussels and nnn pairs ruRTAiN^ §
g Battenberg effects, full ODD PAIRS CURTAINS, g
»iz3, regularly sold at all styles, are marked «
1 fafr^n^reS $? 50 tO ° ne - thlrd the reSUlar I
| down to . . . . •4«*«^V/ prices. g
'A REGENT REVERSIBLE SYXRNA RUGS, handsome |
designs, thirty by forty inches ti**± f\f\ 1_ ?5
in size, good value at three dollars ££,{}{} C3.CI1 §
8
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 3
O Ctarr esd SiooVtsa Streets. Union Sqairs. <5
AMTJSEJCEina. , ' •;
& Week Commenelne THIS AFTER- rt
¦ g NOON. July 3.
I A Prodigious Siiow 1 1
V Engagement Extraordinary of O
1 MABEL McKINLEY 1
W TT«e y.mintnt Soprano. O
O FAVOniTE NIECE OF THE VXTB O
!O PRESIDENT McKINUET. C;
1 V. OSCAR LUfKSTONE at th* Piano. S
I Q; America'* .Representative Comedian y
I CHARLES DIOKSONi
' t> And His Company. Presenting* "A X
§ PRESSING MATTER." $
' rt Direct From Australia X
ii The Great Harbecks 1
j $ "Millionaire Hoep Rollers." £
!l mosher; I
I HOUGHTON and MOSHER i
i jrt Expert and Comedy Bicyclists. O
|i YOUNG and DEVOIEI
i $ Lat«t of "Sir. Biuetxard." Presenting V
j V Their Great Dancing Speclatty. 2
ii JULIAN ROSE 1
; § "Our Hebrew Friend." ¦ g
I Wang Doodle Comedy Four !
I S Presenting Their Great TVhlmsica! V
S Laughing Act. Q
$ THE BIOGRAPH |
j *>! Sbowing the Latest Motion Pictures. O
I <% Last Week and TremenUous Success of <5>
I FABAN and BYRON I
j S Pre»"»ntln^ Their Greatest Success, V
j V "The Twentieth Century Girl." VI
I v Parnuet, any feat. 25c: Balcony. 10r; O
I "<^ Children, any part except reserved. <£$
j Q 10c. A few front Orchestra rows. §
• p> reserved. 50c; front rows of Balcony. i%
COLUmBjA UAm^TW
Beglnnlnj MONDAT.
SECOND TRIUMPHAL WEEK!
••Worth seeing twice."— Exa.Titaer >
AMELIA BINGHAM
"An exceedingly clever actress." — Chronicle,
and
"Best balanced company w« have seen la
years." — Call.
Presenting the best ptay Clyde Fitch ha*
written,
j "THE CLIMBERS."
i MATINEE SATURDAT.
I July 13— AMELIA EINGHASX In
r "A MODERN MAGDALEN."
| STATEMENT
! — of rus —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THJE—
CONNECTICUT
| FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAHTFORD. IN* THE STATE OF CON-
r.ectlcut, on the 31st day of December.
f A. D. 190C. and for the year ending en that
> day. as made by the Insurance Commisiionwr
j of the Stste of California, pursuant to the pro.
j vision* of sections 810 and 011 of the Political
Cod*, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 1146,850 fd
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage*. . 1,343,350 (X)
I Cash. Market Valua of ail Stocks
! and Bonds owned by Company.. 2T2O.W!» CO
! Cash in Company's OfSce 263 04
! Cash In Banks 531.8C0 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 234.67:03
t Bills receivable, not Matured.
j taken fcr Fire and Marine Risks 4.4M S3
Total Assets (4.734,731 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $36,561 3o
Losses in Process of Adjustment
or In Suspense - ».... 113.029 ftl
. Losses resisted. Including expenses 29.330 49
I Cross premiums on Fire risks,
J running one year or less. $1,717.-
I 022 01: re-Insurance BO per cent. 833.311 00
Gross premiur-.-i on Ftre RUks.
running raore than one year.
- $2 «,M>.3Ut 09: re-Insurance pro
.rata 1.442.674 fft
Total Liabilities $2.K2,13tt IS
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received fcr Fire
i premiums $2,693,204 2$
! Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages «Z.C99 S3
Received for Interest ami dividends
ou Bonds Stocks. Loans, and
fr om all other sources 103, 0C7 S3
Received for Rents G.*7t ;o
Received for protlt on Sale o9 Led-
gtr Assets 9.948 01
Total Income .* H.'TTWJ 50
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
(Including $234.S47 73. losses of
previous years) '. *. $1.411. RU> M
Dividends to Stockholders 10O.CUO tO
Psld or .allowed for Commission or
Broker>(te . 632,CCa 7*
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1TI.C3 43
Patd for State. National and Local
taxes "<= 83.810 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures . : 177.5« (SO
Total Expenditures $2,305.33) (to
Fire. "•""
Losses Incurred during the year...$1.3*a.So7 tO
1 Risks and Premiums. Fira . Risks. Premiums.
f Net amount of Klsks
written during the
year I24S.557.0C2 $0^42.820 2:
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year . 213.077.B7l 2. 6L3.su C3
Net amount In forcel
December 31. 1902.. I 3gQ.S32.2t6 4.307.41*1 SO
, T" J. D. BROWNE PrwL ~~*
CHARLES R. BURT. Secy.
Subvcribed and sworn to before me. this »-I
day of January. ltXXt-
JOHN H. THACHEfi,
Notary PubUc
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
¦ Msnzger Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOYD, \
Agent for San Francisco,
41 x California St.
Pfl-fcwv ' D0NT FAIL T0
1 QiaWy , ee the beautiful
' t COURT LounKtnjc-
5f|fJ room, the EMPIRE
ailll PARLOR. the
r J PALM ROOM, ths
11 rand louis * xv par -
iiiaiui L0R and the LAv
11 .t DIES' WRITING
Hotels room si
ADVEBTISETVTEyTS.
I JULY 7 BARGAINS!
« • ¦-. - • • • • • ¦ "¦ ' " - ¦. • , ¦ ¦:¦•'•:.• y'
- BBDVBOBsSHBBB mR9B&s^UBS(S9Bm[^^^^^S^HSB^i^Hl^BHHSI^XC^X • '
I .-.-THE NEWEST STYLES... | J
I Summer Costumes. Coats and Skirts |i
| . N AS USUAL— LOWER PRICED THAIM ANYWHERE. | j
I $I2.5O,$I5.OO and $20.00 IVEWTSrSTYES^^^^^ Jj
«. VOILE AND ETAMINE COS- CORSET/COATS 8 1
5 TUMES artistically made neat- Jlade of Covert Cloth, fine pH
<5 ly trimmed in shades of taifT Melton or light weight Kersey, $!
0 blue, white, cream and black. all fancy taffeta or heavy satin §•
g Full value $20.00, $25.00 and lined throughout. PERFECT fii
X $32.50. FITTING^ AND PERFECT g!
3 July prices, $12.50, $15.00 tailoring, at $8.50, $10.00. ¦ g|
g and $20.00. 1 1
1 $7^T$ll050^dll2^0 NOVELTY SILK COATS. ||
8 STYLISH MADE ALPACA The newest summer styles hand- §:
S. DRESSES, good quality of rich somely trimmed and lined Full g!
g" silk luster; just the thing for $i 5 ..oo, $20.00 and $25.00. g-j
warm weather. Full value $12.50. July priCCS, $10.00, $12.50 §
6 $15-00 and $20.00. and $15.00. o
g July prices, $7.50. $10.00 — — r^ S
| and $12.50. $2.00, $3.50, $5.00 I
?; r^ —^ Stylish made ALPACA SKIRTS, P.\
§ - $20.00 black and colors. JULY PRICES X I
g NOVELTY VENETIAN TAIL- £5£ n L T E r-?T?£ AN COST OF I »
g OR-MADE SUITS, elegantly/ F t?S?vf^t8pt«: at it-t v ?i
g • trimmed, perfectly tailored, in E T4tJw? f KlR J S AT J LLY S
| shades of tan, navy and black. SI ? k eKTRT^ S 3
A recognized leader for $25.00. bl «D T r-T7c r S *^ AT J ULY »i
I July Price, $20.00. rJ2!S£J2Z*ZJS^^- i\
Jl it ffw fai?i Y FAI I ¦ for Monday mornln* to close out. o
A A TEW EARLY y FAU. ready suns. m |
I §THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, , SUNDAY; JULY 5, 1903.
40
V^^^HlEnT^E^L^E^T^LT^COMPANY^
513- CALIFORNIA ST.
LARGE FULTON-ST. LOT.
$35,000— Fulton St.. near Gough; 95*9x206:3,
with L 27:6x6S:9 on Grore st.; this property
Is adapted for a manufacturing site or would
bring large returns If either an apartment
house or flats were erected; within fcur blocks
of the City Hall.
II A YES-ST. FLATS.
$14,000— Hayes st., near Webster. 25xl3i :6
ft.; 3 strictly up to date new flats of 6-7-7
rooms; renting for $115.
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—31:3x00; 3 modern, well-constructed
flats of 7 rooms and bath each, renting for
$97 50 per month.
VAN NESS AVE. CORNER LOT.
$S50O— 27:6x137:6; corner of Van Ness ave.
and Greenwich; .no finer location can be ob-
tained for either a home or flats.
CORNER WASHINGTON AND POWELL.
?S50O— 32:0x52; stores and fiats renting for
$*» per month; one of the best Investments in
the locality.
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$6000 — Kausch et.,-near Folsom. running
through to Clementina: Improvements consist-
ing of flats renting for $69.
WASHINOTON-ST. HOME.
$6000—25x137:6; Washington st., near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$0000 — Pine st.. near Van Ness ave.; two flats
and a: cottage In good condition; renting for
$43 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$4000 — *0xl25; Bartlett st.. near 23d; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; in sunny belt.
MISSION INCOME PROPERTY.
$3100— Mission st.. near Randall; Improve-
ments, 2 up to date 5-room flats, renting for
$30 per month.
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
60:11x114; south line of Alvarado st.. 152:8
feet W of Sanchez; this property must be sold
before July 23, without limit or reserve, by
order of referee.
WEI>SH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$"4C0— 25x75; Welsh st., near Fpurth; Im-
provements consist of 4 flats renting Icr $32 50
per month.
COR. LARKIN AND NORTH POINT.
$3100 — 43:9xS5; rapidly Improving location.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE.
$2500—31x72; Oetavla St., near Union; cot-
tage of 6 rooms, renting for $ltt.
$G00O— Powell st., near Filbert: 25x70 to rear
street; 2-story buildlnc: rents $45. -
\
MADISON & BURKE,
Real Estate Agents.
Established January. *85S.
30 Montgomery street Opposite Lick House
$16,000— Broadway house with beautiful ma-
rine, view; a 14-room corner house; must
eell.
Fillmore st.. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; the
largest and finest corner on the market
,on any business street; $40,000; call for
• particulars.
Jackson st. 50-vara lot. corner of Ly. n: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood In city; only $30,0<X).
$19,500 — Sacramento st.. rear Powell; flne larre
lot, 58 feet frontage, renting for $1200
. per annum: flne location for flats or
apartment house; estate; make offer.
$8,000 — To close an estate; Dolores 6t., near
. * Sixteenth; 3 houses: rents $150; large
lut; must sell immediately; call for par-
ticulars.
$7,500 — Webster St.. near California; 9- room
house in flne location. .
$7,000 — Lyon st.. near Hayes; 3 fiats; renta
$67 50; lot 2oxI12:6.
$0,000 — Folsom Et.. near First: 25x75; this
location is advancing rapidly.
$9,000 — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan:
2 buildings; rents $08 00 per month; 27:6
xl20 to rear street.
LOTS
»4,2CO— Steiner et., near O'Farrell; 25xlC9:9.
$2,500^ — Lots on Larkln, near Broadway; $100
per foot
Choice residence lets on Sutter, Poat and
Stelner streets In sizes to suit. r ,- -
Building lots, northeast corner. Golden Gate
ave. and Ijaker st.. in .sizes to suit.
Pricas from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery »t., opp. Lick House.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and ,Entlre Charge Taken
of Property.
$8000 only — For 11» lots on Twelfth ave. and B
st., between Point Ix>bos ave. and Park-
Twelfth ave. graded ; must be sold as a
whole; a rood Investment.
$3600— Lot SE. corner Filbert and Pierce sts.;
36x82:0; neighborhood improving fast.
$6500— Lot, Jackson st.. near Walnut; 50x100-
will divide; near Presidio; growing neighbor-
hood.
$32(»O — Lot. Franklin St.. near Greenwich: 53x
10<>: close to block just sold at auction; value
will Increase greatly; make offer.
$2000 — Lot. Greenwich St.. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin: 33x137; near above lot.
$3000 — Lot on SW. corner Larktn and Lombard
ets.. 25x105; magnificent marine view from
every window.
$5000— Lot SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich
jsts.: 60x62:0: elegant view of city, Golden
Gate and bay.
$2500— Lot on N. line of Clement St., near
Eighth ave.: 52x100; a flne buy..
$1000 — Lot on E. line of Eighth ave., near B
st.: 25x120: street graded and sewered. • .
$2500 — Lot, W. side Chenery st., near Thir-
tieth; 01x125; on car line; easy terms; make
offer.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$1500—2 NEW flats of 4 and 5 R. and B.:
Army St.. near Mission; bal. $40 per month;
¦ a snap.
$1800—2 new flats of X and 6 R. and B. on
Mission st.. near 2!tth; bal. $54 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
"LOTS north or south of the park purchased
by XV. 3. GUNN. 530 California st. (Savings
Union building).
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
bt. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
Froperty^vante^!
We want several pieces of property, as fol-
lows: Western Addition homes not exceeding
515,000 each; business property about $40.00<V
or lots to be Improved for the same. Will
owners kindly let us know If they have such
for Pale? McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Mont-
romery ut., San Francisco, Cal.
HEAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
FOR' Farms. Stock Ranches, . Orchard and
Vineyard Lands Call on or Address
ROTHERMEL £ CO., 507 CALIFORNIA ST.
REDWOOD timber lands In lots to suit, from
160 to 10.000 acres, at from $5 an acre up.
7C*>0 acres choice sugar pine lands, with 3 saw-
- mills; near .railroad; Plumas County.
12,000 acres of selected redwood timber lards
on river, with ocean landing: Mendoclno
County;. also large sawmill paying big Inter-
. cst on the investment. ¦ .•
$20.000 — 400O acres; paying stock ranch, with
excellent Improvements: edge? ot Little Lake
Valley, near Wlllits. on fork of Eel River;
all cattle and Improvements included.
$150,000— Grand ranch of 2f.,00O acrea In the
Sacramento Valley, with houses and barns:
well adapted for division or colony purposes;
. low price; only $6 tin acre. -
$1200— Improved ranch In hills, 5 miles west
of Uklah; house, barn and orchard; plenty
of wood and sprlnjr water.
$35rni — 20O acres on main road in the redwoods.
• Mendocino County;, small houre, barn : and
¦ orchard ;. 20 . acres bottom land, : rest In red-
5 wood and oak timber; good location 'for tav- ,
. ern or resort; would exchange for city or
v Berkeley property. ..
$5000 — Stock ranch; 1600 acres: near railroad:
north of Uklah: with house, barn, orchard
and. hay land; fine hill pasture; .plenty of
wood and water: easy terms.
$5500 — 0O-acre valley farm near Santa Rosa,
with good house, .barn and orchard; all In
grain. \ " '
$1200— Ranch. 170 acres, in the hills: 6 miles
from Uklah; with. cabin; 20 acres rich mead-
ow, land; .spring; balance Is in valuable oak
timber.. - '
$5— Good Investment: 160 or 520 acres choice
¦- redwood timber land In Sonoma County.
$5 an i acre — 640 acres sugar ptno in Lassen
County. ¦ '¦-'.:'¦ "
$1900 — Fine improved farm; lit; acres: near
Martinez; house, barn, hcrse and wagon,
poultry.
$2250— 13-acre fruit and poultry farm, with 5-
• room; house and .barn; all in orchard and
'vineyard; near Sonoma. ' ,
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 California at. ,
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, . .' orchards.
¦ vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent. free. C. M.. WOOSTER CO.. 643
¦¦ Market »UV.' - ¦-'•¦-"•.•¦-. - .
ALFALFA land. $15 per acre: graded : • ready
to plant; free water; part cash or monthly in-
;.» Etallments. P. H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Mont-
3 goraery st, •'.*.* •¦.-._ - -.
430 ACRES level land, I mile from Red Bluff:
. Bubdlvlded Into 10-acre' lots; big speculation,
one-fourth cash. BICKEL, Chronicle - bid- "
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR , gALE.
HOOKER & LENT. *^ 14 POST ST.
$105,000— Near Taylor ' and Geary sts.: 14,000
square feet; 140 feet street frontage:
one of the best sltca 4n the city to
• improve.
$50,000 — Corner . cast of Powell; new . im-
provements; rents $350. «
$15,000 — New apartment house; rents $580 per
month. •- - .
$30,000— Fine marine view; Paclflc-ave. resi-
dence:: north Bide; lot about 45x
127:8^.
$26,000— Polk st.. close to a promlnenttrans-
fer point; stons and flats, new build-
ing; rents $175.
$21,000— Business corner; inside of Fillmore
St.; handsome Improvements; stores
and flats; rents $167 50.
$20.000— Corner on Battery st.. near water
front; 50x132:6.
?li,uWl — Golden Gate ave., near Jefferson
square; half 50-vara
$15,000 — Ellis st., northeast corner, 87:6x
87:6. .
$!4.oC0— On Polk,st. cars, neal Post: 23x120.
$12,000— Choice Turk-st. store corner; 67:6x
87:6. and 17-room house.
$10,000— Sixth st.. near Folsom; 2 stores and
flat; rents $50. !
$9,750 — Fine, location: 1 *4 blocks north of
Market bt.; rents $75.
$9,000 — Store corner, near Market st. : new
buildings; lot 27:6x105; rents $75.
$8,500— Bargain for a builder: 131x137:6; on
Chestnut St.. near Powell.
1 $7,250^ — Northwest corner Fell and Fillmore
sts.; size 31:3x100; grand corner with
fine view of the' city.
$6,500— :?0x1 10; Pine St., near Devlsadero:
fine houEe; 11 rooms and bath; renta
$52.
$5,250 — Clay st., near Devlsadero: residence,
0 rooms and bath: 27:6x137:6.
$3,500— New residence; Liberty st.: 8 rooms
and bath, with basement.
$3,500— New house; 6 rooms and bath; Doug.
lass St.. near Twenty-third.
$2,000— Nlee house. 6 rooms and bath: Twen-.
ty-fourth st.'.
$2,300— Nice house 5 rooms and bath; Twen-
ty-fourth st.
FLATS. ,._ r
$20,000— Fine Paclflc-ave. flats: rents $l<0;
extra large lot and elegant new build-
ing.
$17,500—8 flne new flats near Devlsadero ft.;
rents $155: lot 80x137:6.
$13,000—6 flats near park; rents $137 60 per
month. ¦¦-¦•• >
$10,750—3 fine flats: Washington st.: Inside
of Hyde; each 8 rooms and bath; large
key lot; 28 feet front: rent" $05.
$13.000— Three splendid new flats; near
Stelner st. ; rents $112.
$10,600— Two elegant flats; Geary Bt.. near
Gough: rents $S0.
$9,000— Rents $97 fiO; :i-story building: tene-
m»nts: near Third and Bryant sts.
$7.20O— Rents $65; Harrison St.. near Fourth.
$7,000—2 flats; Sacramento St.. near Fill-
more; rents $fi2 60.
$6,000— 4 line flats on Pierce st.. near Green;
rents $56. - . ._„
$6.000— Thirteenth st.; new flats: rents $.»«.
$5,000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-fourth
st. : -4 flats; rents $47.
$4,750—2 nice bay-window flats on Twenty-
second Bt., near Castro; rents ?4O.
$3,000— Lanston St.. near Bryant; 4 flats;
rents $32
$2,100— Perry st.. near Third; cottage and
lot 20xSO .
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post at.
SHAINWALD. BOCKBBr* gT
$11,000— Clay st., near Buchanan: beautiful 12-
roomed residence; all modern Improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft. A bargain.
$27,500— Polk: st., near Bush; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 60; rents
can be raised; lot 30 ft. front.
$8,250— Sutter, near Gough; good substantial
residence, now rented at $50 per month;
lot 25x110; a bargain.
$2,250— Fine building lot: northeast corner
California an-1 7th ave.; 32:8x108; will
aell on terms.
528,000— lOth-st. corner, nr. Mission: 4 three-
story . houses. 10 rooms and bath each;
rents $167 per month; lot 75x110 feet.
$9^500— Post st., nr. Franklin; flne residence,
"* 11 rooms and bath; rented for $70; lot
26x120 feet.
$13,500— Reduced from $15,500; 6 modern flats;
rents $131 per month; lot 50x122:6 feet;
flne location: tfreat bargain;
$6,500— Hayes st.. near Devlsadero; 2-story
and -baaement residence; -key lot; sun
in every room: effer wanted.
$22,500 — Corner of Sevtnth and Natoma sts.:
frame improvements, renting for $06 per
month.
Lake st. — Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third avss. at very low figures.
Full Information at office.
$1,760 each — Qroderlck . St., near Post; flne
building "ots. 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left.
$S,100 — Sutter «»., near Devlsadero: etibstan-
¦ • tlal residence; stable: large lot; o0:.*iHx
114 ft.; or will sell 34:3x114 ft. for $6500.
$15,000— Bush St.. inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
stantial' residence of .15 rooms and bath;
now rentinr for $95 monthly: lot 27:6x
137:6 ft.; mortgage of $8500 at 0 per
c«nt can remain; property must be sold
within 90 days.
*7,000— Reduced from '$$500;. Bartlett et..
near "25th: substantial house ot 10
rooms and bath; lot 40x117:6 ft.
$3.000 — Vallejo st.. near Scott; flne building
lot.- 27:6x137:6 ft. .
$20,000-— Broadway, near Gough st.;' handsome
residence, 5 bedrooms, bath: beautiful
marine view: house In perfect order; lot
32:6x137:6 ft. ., -
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for tale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
• 21S-22O Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post at. . .
;;,-50 — Clinton Park, near Valencia and Thir-
teenth sts.; residence of 7 rooms and
bath. v
$2,100 — Sumner St., n*ar Howard and Sev-
enth; 2 cottages of 3 rooma each: rents
$16.
$8,500 — Unlon-st. corner, near Stockton: lot 30
>90: brick and frame Improvements;
rents $64.
$14,000— Montgomery ave., near Washington
st.; brick building; store, and rooms
above; rents $63.
$8,000— Howard st.. near Fourteenth; lot 30x
125: store, and flat above; also stable.
$4,250— Rents *38; Perry st., near Third; 4
¦> flats.
$3,500— Two splendid buildings of 4 Hats:
renting for ?40 per month; closq to
Southern Faclflc depot at Third . and
Townsand ets.
$5,000— Kentucky et., near Twenty-eecond;
store and rooms and bath.
$«,500— McAllister st.; rents $30 per month;
building of 2 flats; lots 25x137:6.
$23,500— Rents $134 per month; Valencia St.:
prominent corner; '1 stores and 3 flats;
- rented to one tenant.
$3,200— Rents *.TO per month: Castro St., near
Twenty-fifth; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each. - -
$1,800— Day st.. near Dolores; store and 5
rooms and bath.
$2,300— Merrltt Bt.. near Eighteenth and Cas-
iro; large double lot, 50x100; cottage of
5 rooms and bath in good repair; Ijrgc
bprn for 5 horses.
\ INVESTMENT PROPERTY. ~~~~
|13.0<xy_Lot 25x120; on; Fulton St., near City
I Hall, to rear street; paying good Interest; 3
tiats and cottage. ...
$3000— liOt 27:6x134, with 2 modem flats:
Blghtly location, near Market and Fifteenth
streets.
Four lots, south of park, $75 each.
$375o~ChoIce lot, 25x100; N. elde Pine at., near
Fillmor*; make offer. i. . . .
j9r.OO— Beautiful Corner. 27:6x110; In Pacific
Heights district; with modern residence, 10
rooms, reception hall, basement. 2 baths and
every convenience; half cash; reduced from
JI2.000..
$1000 — Make offer; neat 4-room cottage on
lot fiOxlOO; at S,unnystde.
; $030— Nice lot. on California et., near Twelfth
avenue.
$2250— Corner; 31x100; Buchanan and reenwlch
' sts. ; a bargain.
$2450 — Nice 6-room cottage; ' lot- 25x114; good
neighborhood; In Mission.
S10O each— Level -lots at Inglenlde; 25x100.
$13CK> — Lot 30x100; Point Lobos. near First ave.
1 $40,000— Fine. NW, corner on Ellis st. ; 6 houses
and flats; rents $310 per month; good Invest-
ment. ¦ '
$7700^ — Two flats, 6 rooms and bath each; largo
lot, 34x130; Union et., near Polk; rents $60.
$rtO0O— 2-story, 7 rooms and bath, with rear
house; fiacramento st. .
$1330 only — For 2 cottages, 4 rooms each; lot
22:6x02:6; near Montgomery and Union sts.;'
rents $13 60.
ROTHERMEL & CO., 007 California st.
TEN flats on Bryant St.: property pays 1 per
cent p<;r month on -investment of $10,000:
buildings about. one year old; will sell for
$8000; elegant residence; grand marine view;
2427 Green Bt.; 10 rooms, bath and basement;
entrances on two streets.
. Two flats, Nos. 1417 and 1419 Pacific St.;
' price $3500;. $500 down, balance $36 per mo.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND .• LOAN
ASSOCIATION. . •
301Callfornla-st.. San . Francisco, Cal.
THE GREATEST : REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
,v. ¦•; tunity of to-day; .* •:
IS AT POINT RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT >I8 THE BEST."
¦ LOTS $5 ' MONTH LY.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTOMERY. ST.
$1350— BEST buy In the district. Eighteenth
g St.. near Sanchez; street graded, »ewered
and Vbltuminlied; electric cars pass th«
property. ,- : " ; ;¦ - 1 '•.:¦
$1100 — Bel grave ave.. near Stanyan; • COxlOO;
'cheapest-lot In the district.. ¦ - h j • ¦
; McEWEN BROS.. .118 Montgomery st. ; .
THE BUILDING CONSTRL'CTfON COMPANY
• 511-512 CaIlaghan;BulIdlng,
Will -buy. you a ,lot and. build r you ! a house;
small rash payment: $8 per. month pays prin-
cipal and : interest ' on each $1000 -of balance
: .-; ¦.•-¦¦;¦¦ -;¦' ¦-. ¦<-•¦-. •.-.-¦. " : v. -.-•¦••;'. ¦
WHOLE block of houses just started near the
- Park on Carl.<Cole. Shrader &Parnossus ave. ;
plans •> terms, prices to- suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl st. '•'..
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR 8ALB.
EASTON,- ELDRIDGE & CO.. ,
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION! ;«V
AUCTION! , ,,,_
TUEEDAT July 14. 1903
At our salesroom, 638 Market st., • ,
At 12 o'clock (noon.)
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Westerly line of 7th st.. between Howard
and Folsom. Nos. 276, 278, . USO; improve-
ments consist- of a 3-story frame building
containing a store with 3 excellent living
rooms; 2 flats above containing B and 6 rooma
and bath: all modern plumbing;, renting for
$70 per month; should be increased to $00;
lot 25x85 feet. y
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Pacific st., cast of LeaV-
etiworth; Improvements consist of_ 2 flats
of 5-6 rooms and rear house of 4-5 rooms:
modern in every respect; total rental $000
per annum: lot 23x137 :tt feet.
F1RST-STREKT INVESTMENT.
Northeast line of First St., «S:l0 feet
northwest of Folsom: extremely larze lot.
45:6x68:9 feet: improvements consist of 2
flats of 5 rooms and a cottage of 0 rooms,
renting for $45 per month.
. BUILDING' LOT.
Southerly Jlne of Merrltt et.. 25 feet west
of Hattie; an excellent lot ready for building
in thriving neighborhood; lot 25x80 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Castro St., 100 feet south
of Henry, between 14th and 15th; ready for
building. •
SIXTEENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of 16th st., 21-0 feet west ot
Albion ave.: improvements consist of, 2 two-
story frame houses of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $600 per annum.
TWENTIETH-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
8. W. corner 20th and Alabama sts.: Im-
provements; excellent corner suitable for
business purposes; lot 23x104 feet; street l>!-
tuminlzed.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
N. E. corner of 7th and Cleveland sts., bet.
Folsom and Harrison; very desirable busi-
ness corner: Improvements consUt of 3-*tory
trame buildinr on 7th Bt. and a Hats on
Cleveland; property always rented at JlUOOj
per annum.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
West line of Homestead et.. 200 feet north
of 25th; elegant double lot, level and ready
for building, surrounded by nevr arvl mod-
ern houses; public school in close praslmlty;
lot 50xl?5 feet.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Alarktt Bt.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
6T?S MARKET ST.
Established 1873.
$18,000 — Business corner on Page et. ; 2 stores
atid flat of 8 rooms and porcelain bath,
also fine finUhed basement; rent $K«20 a
year: mortgage of $7000 can remain: lot
25x100 feet: fine opportunity to secure a
splendid business corner.
$16,500^ — 8 beautiful modern flat*. 7 rooms and
baih each; latest desirn; swelles! por-
tion of the Wentern Addition, on Wash-
ington st.; sunny *ide of street. »
$15,000 — Kent $1V64 a year; business corner on
Sacramento «.; store and 2 flats, 6
rooms and bath each; almost new; lot
37:tixlOO. •
$15,000 — Choice downtown corner on Fremont
St.; 45 feet frontage; present Improve-
ments rent for $15<*> a year; a rare buy.
$10,250 — Corner on Mission- et.. not fa» from
lfitli st.; 30 feet frontage ; 2 stores and
flat of 7 rooms and bath above; rent
$732 a year; mortgage, of $4000 can re-
main: a positive bargain.
$10,000— Rent $1110 a year; 3 beautiful modern
. flats of (i and 10 rooms and bath; in
first-class condition; on Turk at.; a few
feet from Jefferson square.
$9,000 — Actual Income $»90 a y<?ar; 3 beautiful
modern flats of 0-6-7 rooms and bath;
on Webeter #t.
$?,500 — Rent 1100 a month: store and 5 flats,
In flrot-class condition; corner on 17th »t.
$7,000 — 2 flats, fi-ti rooms and. bath, and -
cottages; all in first-class condition; 35
feet frontare; on 17th et., heart of the
Mission warm belt.
$7,000 — Handsome resldenc*. 10 rooms. and
porcelain bath: open modern plumbing:
tine basement: ' on Jackson st., near
Webster; lot ?5xl27:«Vi feet.
fS.OOO-^Modern residence. 8 rooma and bath:
fine finished basement: on 20th St., near
Valencia: lot 25x114 feet.
$5,500 — Rent *53 a -month: 2 substantial
houses; lot 5ftx100 feet; In vicinity of
Pine and Fillmore sts.
$5,000— Lot 60x137:6 feet; on Page at., near
Shrader; cheapest property ¦ In , this lo-
cality.
$5,CO0 — Reduced from $5500: 2 flats and a cot-
tage: good condition: 27fj feet frontage;
corner on Webster st.
$4,000 — Make an offer to close an estate; cot-
tage of 5 rooms: on Octavla et., near
Hayes; this property must absolutely be j
sold and no reasonable offer will be
refused.
$1,000— Rent $360 a year; could be increased;
frame building and brick buildinr fn
• - rear; Puciflc- «t., near Stockton; large
lot; owners N»lng non-residents, will
accept reasonable offer.
$3i?00 — Fine 2-story residence. 7 rooma and
Wth; lot 30:6x117:6: close to 22d and
Guerrero Ets.
$3,760 — Rent $36 a month; 4 flats, 4 rooms
each; In fine condition; near 4th and
Harrison; photograph at office; lot 25x
80 feet.
f3,700 — Elegant modern cottage. 6 rooms and
bath: fine basement; strictly up-to-date
Improvements; close to Valencia eL; lot
25x114 feet.
$2,800 — Modern cottage, f> rooms and bath,
basement; cement side-walk: strictly up-
to-date In every respect; on 24th st.;
cars pass the. door.
$2,700— Elegant building lot near German
Hospital; lot 25x125 feet; street work all
done. - . •
$2,000 — Fine lot, level and ready for building;
Hayes st.. near Lyon; 2.">xl00 feet.
For further particulars apply.
EAhTON, ELDRIDGE * CO..
* 63S Marto-t st.
CALIFORNIA ~~
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORB
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE
of late years' by all banks, trust companies,
corporations and the general . public, demon-
strates that the system of the California Titlo
Insurance and Trust Company Is an established
and complete success.
IV THE ENTERPRISE OF THIS AGK has
devised a better method of Marching It Is the
duty of trustees loaning trust funds to adopt it.
THE- ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for injuring real estate
| titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
; Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
i regular trust company business transacted un-
! der State charter: al! matters controlled and
| managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vleo Prcs. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of. Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. S
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LIL1ENTHAL,
Manager Anglo- Calif ornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
•Olhey & Olney, - Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE,
Pare. McCutchen &. Knight. Attorneys.
A. T. SPOTT8.
Mgr. Cal. .Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN n. SPRING, >
Capitalist. S30 California st.
HEADQUARTERS FQR . PARK LOTS.
I5C0 to $1000— Choicest Sunset lots; graded
and sewered; J at.. Ninth and Tenth aves.
ALL BARGAINS. VERY EAST TERMS.
. DON'T DELAY! SEE THEM TO-DAYl
Sunset Branch Office. Ninth ave., near H
st.; open every day and Sundays.
Only graded boulevard lota fronting ocean. ,
WE CAN POSITIVELY SUIT TOU
EITHER IN LOCATION. PRICE OR TERMS
Nothing like it ever offered! Selling fast!
/ From $100 to $1200.
Oceanstde Branch Office. Forty-ninth ave. and
K St., Sundays.
$300 to $1000— Bargains in Richmond Lots!
$7S to $200— Park and Ocean lots; $5 monthly.
$150 to $350 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlsslon-st. cars. , $5 monthly.
$1600 to $3000 — 4." 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior Home-
stead; rare bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers. ' ¦'..'
.Room 64, Chronicle building. :
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 ~ Market St. ..........
$9500 — Elegant residence' of 10 rooms. 2
baths, basement; fashionable district; marine
view. . . .-'.¦•' - ¦ ¦¦ ¦ :¦¦ ; --.'- ¦ - .
$3000 — 2 flats. 9 rooms, basement; rear hous«
4 'rooms; basement of 2 ' rooms; Mason and
Filbert sts. • --
$2500 — 2-story house of 12 rooms;' baeement
of 5 rooms; pays 10 per cent.
$8500 — Oood Income property; : nice locality :
3 bay-window flats; basement; sun all day 1 ;
pays over 11 per cent. " ' ¦ '•'•"; *
Choice lots hi Sunset for each or " on. easy
inetallments. "...
$7500— Only one left; bargain ; r beautiful, artis-
tic home. Just completed ; open ;.: for inspec-
tion; sco it. SIS Clayton at., south of Fred-
: erlck. v ¦.. . • . --
NKW house and lot for sale cheap. $750. 721
Utah Et. < .
SAJT FRAJT CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The 8aa Fraaelaoo
Call, career Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montarooery atreat.
ccrcer day; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Bares street: open until »:8» p. to.
«S McAllister street: open until »:» 9. m.
CIS Larkln street: open until 8:30 p. m.
1»41 Miwlcn •treat: open until 10 p. ra.
2281 Harkct street, corner Sixteenth; epea
tatu 9 d. xn.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
1CW Valencia street; epea until 9 p. m.
Nortbwett corner of Twenty-second aad Kaa-
tccky streets: open until 9 p. xa.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
ytlEAl, ESTATE- CITY — FOB SALE.
O. M. WOOSTER * CO.
C. M. WOOSTER & CO. (
U. M. WOOSTbK * CO. 64S Market Street.
$4,7.100— Best business part of Polk et-. near
Sacramento; 4 rtore* and 4 flats; rents
$26*0; lot 78:6x81:6. ._.,...
$£8,000— 4-rtory and basement brick btiltdlsg.
on Bush et.. half a block from Keaj-ny;
34 feet frontage; rents low for $2700.
$17,6(0— Make offer; northwest corner on Sau-
•ome etrect. near Custom- bouse; present
rents $132 30. can be Increased to
$177 50; lot 34:4>i*67;«- This is a
great property.
117.000— Rents $180"); 3 new modern flats of
6-7-7 rooms and bath and a house in th<»
rear; on Halght fct.. near Buchanan; lot
25x120; 2 frontages.
$3,600— Rents $*40; 3 new modern flats of 6
rooms and bath each; 9 foot basement;
porcelain bath*: new plumbing, etc;
near 7th and Mission.
$12,000—5 modem flats of 7-6-6-5-4 room* and
bathe; reotlng low for $25-$25-$24-$lo-
$16; total $104 per month; first class up-
to-date plumbing, etc Oak St., pear
Octsvia: lot 25x120 to rear street: rents
could easily be Increased 15 per cent.
$2,250— Store and 3 flats on Folsom st.. near
Cth; rented very low for $1044: could be
raised to $1200; l«t 25x160 to rear street.
14,600— Rents $*40; 3 new modern flate of 6
rooms and bath each; 9 foot basement;
porcelain baths; new plumbing, etc;
sear 7th and Mireiori.
$4,000—8 fiats, near 6th and Howard; rents
low, 1 Ml 2; brick foundation.
|7,750 — Reduced from *»000 to force sale: S-
etory and basement building, containing
stop*. 3 living roomn and bath, and 'J
flats of 6 room* and bath: laundries,
etc.; brirk foundation: modern plumb-
ing; only 7 j-ears old; lot 25x75; near 6th
sod Howard BtS-J rente *«.»» per annum.
$7,000 — 4-etory building, containing large
basement, lodging house store and 2
fiats; rented low for $S64 per annum;
on a m»in business street, bet. 3d and
4th street*.
$6,500— Rents $*40; bay window flats, bath and
brick foundation: In first class condi-
tion; lot 50x£0; near 7th st.
f.6,600— « new modern flat*, patent toilets,
mantels, etc; rents $840 per annum;
near 5th and Folsom; lot 25x80; brick
foundation. •
$6,25O — Store, living rooms and modern flat of
6 rooms, on the best business i>art of
Clement t>t., near lut ave.; rents $S40
per annum; lot 2»x100.
M.000 — 4 new modern flate, near 12th and
Folsom: rents $672.
$5,000— Rents $720; should rent for $900; hand-
some bay window flats. 3-4-5 rooms and
bath; near 6th and Howard; a quick
turn can be m»1« on this property.
$5,000— Rents $612: 8 well built flats: brand
new plumbing; brick foundation, etc.,
on Harriet st. This can't be beaten.
$4,750 — 3 flats on Natoma et., near 7th; rents
$47S: lot 25x75.
11,100-2 fiats of 4 and E rooms and a rear
cottage; neer Howard and 7th; renw
$600 per annum.
$3,750 — Hents t)W: 3 fine flats of 5-5-4 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, on Langton,
near Folsom; lot 25xR0. This property
!s in first class condition.
£3,500— 2 modern flats of 4-5 rooms and bath:
large basement; brick foundation; mod-
ern plumbinr: only 4 years old: rents
$420 per annum; near Sth and Harrison. <
$3,250 — 4 flats of 13 rooms; laundry; high ;
basement ; new plumbing, ' etc. ; rents i
$420. |
X.".2Oft— 2 fiats n^ar 7th ft.: r-nts $4S0; 25xS0. I
$2,900 — 3-etory bay window building:: 3 flats
of 3-ft-6 room"; on Greenwich *t.. near
Larkln; rented very low for $300 per
annum; lot 27x137:6.
$.2,600— 2 handsome modern flats of 4 rooms
and porcelain bath each; high basement;
brick foundation: on Glover st; rented
extremely low for $360. This is an ex-
tra rood buy.
f750— Cottage. 3 rooms, basement and bar:.;
near Folsom st. car*; lot :,'nK"i
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
McAFEE BROTHERS. ~
198 MONTGOMERY STREET.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
T':r.e new modern building on Larkin-st. cor-
ner; lea*e<J for a terra of years at $6144 per
annum; price S60.000.
BAKERS BEACH.
Ftae new residence. 6 rooms and bath; over-
looks the Golden Gate; lot 23x120; price $5000.
EAST OF VAN NESS AVE.
Cottapr, 4 rooms; between Leaven worth and
Jr-nes »tg.. off Sacramento; eire 23:6x97:6 feet:
XJrtce $2000.
LARGE MARKET-ST. CORNER. LOT
NEAR CITr HALL,
To lease for a term of years vacant or
owner would erect a suitable buildinr.
THIRD-8T. CORNER.
Fine corner on Third et.: store and flats
above; rented very low at $S0 monthly- rents
ihould be $100; srice $l£,500.
BUILDING <X>RNER.
Western Addition: 48x90; only $4250.
EHIPLET STREET.
Near Sixth st. : ti flats of 4 rooms each:
should bring more rent; rents $45; jticc $4000.
CHEAP LOTS.
3 lots. 30x150 feet, on Preclta a\t; only $750
each.
AT ENTRANCE TO PARK
Frontitjr into and commanding view or the I
ewellest part of ihe park: the finest buildinr •
lots la towc; 27:6x110; *5000. "umaj
FOR FLATS.
Lota on McAllister at., near Scctf 27-6r
137:6; cnlr $2250. '
«HEAP*MAKINE VIEW LOTS.
On Point Lobos ave.. commanding beautiful
view; car line passe*; ras and water In street:
r>n1y $550 each; lot* on the avrnues $350 to
**"0. There 1* a great future for these lot=.
Buy cne.
Send fcr list of cheap lots in ai: part* oi
the cay.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
m IPS Montgomery st.
SUMMERTIME BARGAINS
FOR '^^ff^SS^S^Sf^.
— r™ KINE INVESTMENT. '
. ?_-,0CO— Corner San*ome and Green sU l*>f*i
9. :6; only partially impro\ed but pays
now $135; fine lot for waf-houte or
manufacturinr i-ite
•¦««« LARKIN-ST. INVESTMENT.
$-•0,000— A goo<i buy en a good ttre«t; close to '
Geary; 3-stcry building; lot C5 feet
frontage. .
DOWNTOWN' FLATS
$16,50^- Rent $126 60; Clay E t.. east of Polk-
r»w o-ntory buildinr. containlnr three
r.*m of .. ». »n<l 8 rooms end both each-
modern finish throughout; large lot 38
feet front. «»-.•., a ,
.^.^ „ GEART-ST. BARGAIN.
$.57,500— Geary st.. near Mason;. lot 25x1S7-«-
«ith 2-etory building; land rapidly in-
creasing in value "701
.,£?J R , N £ R NEAtl THt wateii front!
$1*,000— Drumm-et. «^>rner; 2-story buildinr
containing stores and flate; rent $51.
NINTH FT.. NEAR HOWARD ~ l8 **
$3.000— Corner Ninth and Tehama; 25xS0; fine
business corner. •
NEW FLATS ON PINE ET
$6,750— Rents for $60; two brand new flats of
a and 6 large rooms and bath each: all
Oi* latest conveniences; on Pine et.; lot
FINE WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOT
?G.oC*>— Northeast <-»»rner Grove and Lron sts '•
«6:10^xl0fi : both streets accepted- fine
lot for small flat*.
*3,50O— Baj-wlndow rmtmen on Greenwich
•war Fillmore; 7 room* and bath- itlro
Isrre stable; lot has double frontage;
0,750— Rent $»0; Folsom et., near Seven-
teenth; improvement*, good bulldirr
containing store and two flats; lots 25
xl22:ti: offer wanted; owner anxious to
leave town.
»15,DOO— R*nt $142 SO; three brand new flats
on Sacramento «t.. east of Devieadcro:
contain «. 8 and 8 rooms: modern und
splendidly finished; larse lot
Ce.!I for our complete list of property for eale
In all fceetlons of the clt-
LTON t HOAG. 116 Montgomery et.
BSLUKO fast; over 73 lots sold In 60 days-
/ you can purchase a level lot. R0xl25 f>et'
$4fiO to $700 each, on terms of $50 cash f ia
monthly in Mill Valley, rlrht at the station-
fin» suTTDiindiriKS. including crand views.'
rood neighbors, trees. «tc.: ukes no lont^r
to ro to your work than from many places
In £aa Francisco; new tract, Just placed ©n
the market, gend for illustrated booklet
LTON &. HOAG. 116 Montgomery 'eU
TOR mle or exchange for country property
('ottare. 4 rooms and hall: attic floored and
staircase: bathroom and closets; rrate: sta .
ttonary bookcase: cement tubs; washstan'):
tiled sink: brick foundation; 6 blocks of as
• many car lines; near steam car elation. 212
Twetity-Mventh st., city.
FOR SALE— Make offer for 6 lots; all level;
no grading necessary; a fine location for a
home: close to Mtselon electric car: corner
Brazil «ve. and Munich ut. : will sell one or
all. Address A. G. CLARK, care cf Call
feuslress office. \JKgM
REAX ESTATE— CITT— FOB " 8AliB.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$78,000— Choice inside corner on Golden Gate
ave.; eubstantlal Improvements, In per-
fect order, consisting of 7 3-etory
houses, eteedlly rented and , producing
an annual Income. of $4S00; 137:6x120.
with 2 frontages; cne of the best buys
ever offered.
?70.000— Choice inside business corner on Post
St.: eubstantlal and modern improve-
ments, producing an income of $3720
per annum, which is low and can readily
b* increased. The lot has 3 frontagejs,
¦ nd we consider this the best bargain
for the money in the market to-day.
$27,500— Splendid holding: en Pine St.. close to
Powell: now Improved by two 3-story
buildings, producing an Income of $138
per month; large sunny lot, 55x155; this
is a choice investment to improve with
an apartment house or family hotel;
will surely increase In value.
$18,000— Sutter-st. investment; 3 elegant roond
bay- window flats on nortn side of street;
very substantially built; very handsome
appearance; 8 elegantly finished rooms
and bath each; annual Income $1600;
lot 27:6 feet front."
$17,500— Western Addition corner on Buchanan
sL; lot 37:6 feet front; improvements
consist of store and rooms. 2 flats and a
house, producing an income of $1536 per
annum; a splendid buy.
$16,300 — Golden Gate ave.. near Buchanan st.;
3 swell up-to-date flats, round bay-win-
dows, with all modern improvements: 7
rooms and bath each, in perfect order
and renting for $112 50 per month; full
depth lot. 27:6 feet front.
$15,500 — Splendid business corner in the Mis-
sion; handeomely improved with stor*
and 4 flats: building very substantially
built and in ptrfect order, renting for
$1236 per annum; large lot. 35 ft. front.
$15,000— Third *t., close to Folsom: business
holding; steadily rented and producing
an annual Income of $720; ' a splendid
piece to improve; lot 25x80.
$11.000— Close to th<» Junction of Market, I7th
and Castro sts.: 3 new modern bay-
window flats of 6 rooms and bath each:
steadily rented for $87 50 per month;
sunny lot, 25 feet front.
$10,000— Halght St.. close to Devls«d*ro; 2 new
flats on sunny «ld» of street: 7 roonus
and bath; income of $900 per annum.
$10,000 — Devlsadero st.: 3 fine flats of 6-7
rooms and bath each; Jn perefect condi-
tion; sunny side of street; good renters;
annual income $960; 27:6 feet lot.
$3,000— Bargain in flats on Hayes st., close to
Alamo square; 7 and S rooms and bath
each; enly 3 years o!d and modern In
every particular; rents fS'» per month;
key lot, 25x137:6.
$6,780— Close to Bush and Stelner sts.: 3 flats
of 6-7 rooms and bath each, in good
order and eteadlly rented for $69 50 per
month; large sunny lot, 27 ft. front. :
$5,500 — Close to 10th and Folsom sts.; busi-
ness investment, consisting of store and
upper flat and house of 8 rooms and
bath; always rented and producing an
' annual Income of $576; large size lot on
bent side of street.
»5,100 — On Clayton St.. cloee to Waller: ele-
gant modern story and a half cottage
of S rooms. In perefect order and of very
artistic appearance; sunny lot, 25x106;
a rare chance for homeeeeker*. as owner
will sell for $1000. balance at 6 per cent;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$3,500— Close to Third and Brannan sts.: 4
flats of 4 rooms each; in good order;
et»adlly rented for $33 per month; lot-
25x7 S; a bargain.
For full particulars of the sbove and for the
Real EMate Record, containing a list ot prop-
erties for sale in all parta of the city. Inquire
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery St.
$8,000 — Rents $720 per annum; 3 houses of 7
rooms and bath each; on Mason et.,
near Lombard; 45:6x70.
i $16,WX) — Elegant residence of 11 rooms,. etc., on
north side of Clay st., near Broderlck:
'. lot 50x127:8: particulars and photo-
I graph at office.
! $75,WX) — Rent Jt'fl per annum: new up to
date 5-story and basement brick apart-
ment house, containing 83 large rooms
and 20 bathrooms; under secured lease
for 10 years to one tenant, who makes
all repairs and pays water; near Geary
and Hyde sts. ; large lot.
$3,000 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath on Twen-
ty-fourth et., near Castro; lot 25x114.
$25,000 — 5"-vara lot on Russian Hill; without
| exception the grandest view In the city.
I $13.009 — Rents *1260 per annum; new flats on '
Buchanan st.
$14,000-TRents M47O per annum; new flats;
near the park.
51S.5OO— Rents $1860 per annum; 3 swell new
flats of 7 rooms and bath, on Clayton
st., near the park; lot 33x100.
$5,000— Very cheap; lot 60x137:6; on Page st.
near Shrader.
$9.000— Rents ?»00 per annum: 2 elegant new
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; on Cole
st.. near the park; 25x122:6.
$11,000 — Business property on First St., close to
Howard; rent $63: lot 23:6x137:6.
$3,500— Rents $480 per annum; 4 nice flats of
4 rooms «ach on Clement ft. ; always
rented: pays 12 per cent net.
$30, 0W) — Large choice NE. comer on Valencia
st.. containing 3 stores and 4 flats, with
room to build 3^nore flats; rented low
at SlflO.
54,250 — Rents M0; Htore and 4 rooms below;
flat of 9 rooms above; on Mission st.,
near Twenty-elxth; 25x78; very cheap.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO.,
205 Montgomery it Opp. Mills bids.
.SEE OTHER PAPERS.
Entirely different list in each paper.
$40,000 — 20*> feet frontage; north side main
business car line street, south of Market
and eest of Sixth; improvements, six.
well-built buildings containing stores
with 10 flats above; ground alone a bar-
gain at the price asked.
$24,000— Choice Park Panhandle corner; five
euperb ur>-to-date flats of 7 and 8 rooms
and bath; rented low $2040.
$1S,C<X) — Elegant new northwest corner on
Golden Gate ave: 3>J feet frontage:
three new ui>-to-<late Cats of 8 roonia
j each; nothtnr finer In the city.
$15,500 — Fillmore-st. business property; lot 25x
100, with Ktore. and two flats; rents ,
$1400; fine business location.
$14,500— Business corner on Natoma *L, 40
feet frontaee. with store and five flat;;
near Fifth at.; rent* $1440.
$13,000— Pine et., near Polk; lot 20x120: two
frontages; large, cl'gant residence of 10
rooms and bath, with two flats on rear
street.
$11,500 — Golden Gat* ave.. near Jefferson
square; 27:6x120. running back to rear ;
street: very choice location: two well-
built flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
halt lot vacant; this in a snap.
flO.OOCh- Bush-M. business property; lot 25x
127, through to rear street, store and 6
rooms: upper flat of 8 rooms and bath:
cement r»asement: rents $1020.
$8,000 — Northeast corner on Guerrero st.. 67:6
frontage; best business corner on the
•street.
$5,850 — Rents $720: attractive business comer
on Mason Bt. ; store with fine estab-
lished business and flat above.
$4,000— Rents $576; six well-built flats of 3
rooms. In perfect condition; patent tank
toilets; few feet from Fourth »t.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO..
2ft» Montgomery st Opp. Mills bldg.
b. getz. room 22. chronicle bldg.
owner and dealer. s
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!'!
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Your ChoW
$100 to $250. Splendid Bargains. $5 monthly
WTH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!'.!
See Them at Once, Graded. Level to Build on
High Ground. Magnificent View
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS:!'
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them In Quality or Price
One block from Mlsslon-st. cars. Perfectly
Corner Lots for Business. Opposite New School
$l&0 UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS!
$300 to $1200.
Choicest of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$500 to $5000 New Cottages and Houses in
Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior Homestead.
All My Own Property. Sold on Easy Terms.
NEW COTTAGES^ 6 rooms, bath, cheap, easy
terms.
Taylor St.. near Bush — 3 flats, lot SO«1S7:6.
Valencia St., 974; store and 2 -flats; lot 28x
110. •
DolorPS~Bt.. 1080K, 2 flats; lot 25x117:6.
Guerrero st., near Twer.ty-flrst; elegant resi-
dence: lot 61x117:6.'
$1100 — Clipper St., near Sanchez; lot 25x114.
$35OO — Fair Oaks st.; 6 rooms and bath: lot
30x125.
$3700 — 23d: S fiats. 4 and 5 rooms and bath
S3250 — Castro et.: 2 flats. 4 and 5 rm«. t bath.
S225O— Eureka st. : 7 rooms and bath.
JSno — Corner lot, 50x100.
. $2100^ — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath; lot 25x114.-
$16<.K>— ¦ Cottage. 4 rooms; easy terms.- .
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square. :
$7000- RENT $70: Pacific Heights; flats: snap.
$10,500— Bargain; 8th, nr. Foltom; 60 ft.front.
$10,000 — Stores and flats; Fillmore st.
$3000 — Modern cottage on Golden Gate corner.
$4500 — Rent $55; Broadway and Stockton st.
?2000 — Rent $36; flats, south Market st.
$4000— Rent $40; 27:6x120: Turk st.
PERCY B. TRAVERS. 314 Montgomery st. :
FOR tale— As a whole or In subdivisions ; 50-
vara lot; south line Union st.. 137:6 feet east
«f Pierce: lot northeast 'corner Green and
Pierce sts; 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C, BEMIS. Beal Estate Brcksr.
£21 Eansome at.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY^gAl^JSSTATE.
$2500-PRETTT cottaee on Grove st.; street
work all done.
$3750-New modern homes on Walnut at.; 7
rooms each. v
$«CO-Up-to-date home; entirely new; on Wai-
nut at.
$650-Se* our sightly lots in the Highland
Tract; view superb.
Tract.
TV. J. MORTIMER * CO.,
Successor to
MAT & MORTIMER.
Temporary office nlaT^lrst National Bank.
Berkeley L "
4-ROOM cottage; lot 80x135— $1600.
0 rooms and bath; sunny and modern; rent,
furnished— $40. jj
7 rooms and bath; lot 60x100; % block to
cars— $2500.
7 rooms: new; street work done; near la—
$3750. .
Large lot. 124x179; 2 block* |to Shattuck are.
and Berkeley station— $4000.
Sunny corner near Dwlght way. 45x133—
$1250.
10 rooms and bath; sightly place; new hom«;
$5800.
Lot 40x123; near station and car»— *3230.
CHENET & BERR^FT
HAVEN'T you longed for a chance to ¦»«*•
chickens? Haven't you figured out the Pronw-
Well, here is your opportunity. I have for »«*»
about S0O feet frontage- of aa pretty a Pl««» °*
land as you can see. I can sell that lor ?«> »
front foot and it Is Just such a piece you have
dreamed of. It Is in Berkeley and close to the
markets.
Only $1600— Good house of 5 rooaoai and bath;
very convenient to station.
Nestling near the hills and surrounded by
fruit trees; a bcnnle little cottage of 3 rooms;
lot 100x135; a lovely home for any one; $>>00O.
New hous* of 12 rooms; In the Daley Scenic
Park; one of the best locations in town; $*5©O.
New house of T rooms and bath; ererythtng
modern; near station and cars.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
- S.E. Corner Sbattuck and Center sts..
Berkeley. Cal.
SAVE CENT3
and learn . sense by being your own landlord.
A new 5-room cottage with all modern im-
provements, convenient to station and street
cars; price $2500; small cash payment, balance-
same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
HOW ABOUT THI3?
A new 5-room cottage, bath, patent toilet,
stationary tubs; In good locality; price $1600;
small cash payment, balance same aa rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
_______________
Party leaving town wishes to dispose of new
7-room house, strictly up to date. In good lo-
cality; this is a snap; price $2550; small cash
payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ' Lorin.
$3S0O — JUST finished: 9-rm. colonial bouse: all
modern improvements; corner lot; 30x100.
J3G0O — Just finished: Queen Anna style- 7
rooms; all modern; lot 60x100.
$2700— 8-room 2-story house, barn and wind-
mill; lot 5Oxt43; south front. All situated la
Etrkeley. corner of Harmon and Calais sts.
$4000 — 11 -room bouse; all modern Improve-
ments; corner lot. 104x222; corner of Bristol
and Tenth sts.. West Berkeley gaa plant and
windml.1: all street work dune; one block to
electric cars; see owners.
SHERIDAN tc NIEHAU3.
1510 Harmon st.. Berkeley.
NO. 684 — $3300: % rooms and bath; south front-
age; lot 50x135; well located.
No. 683^ — $4200: 13 rooms and 4-room cottage in
- rear; well, windmill and tank; Scenic Park.
No. 645— $4200: 9 rooma and bath; lot 40x133;
centrally located.
No. 646 — $3650; 7-room house; Hlllegas. Tract.
Lot on Hearst ave.; 30x125; $oC0 only.
S S. QUACKENBrSH.
Real Estate, Insurance, Notary Public, 2171
Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
CALL on STAAT3 & JUSTER If you want
bargains. We have 3 new houses, d ant* 7
rooms each, good location, close to train*,
which we want to sell on easy terms. We
also have many other bargains In Improved
property and vacant lots, too numerous to>
detail.
STAATS & JUSTER. . • »
2137 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$1700 — 'NEW ." rooms aad bath.
S185O — 6 roms and ba\h.
$2300^ — New 6 rooms and bath. j
LITTLE & WOOLSET.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOUR blocks of ground In Berkeley. Cal.. for
$20,000. This is the amount of tndebtednes*
on the property. A good Investment and In
a section of growlnar values. Inquire of W
N\ RUSSELL. 301 California. St.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
Alex. Murdock & Co... Lorln station. Berkeley
Real estate brokers, owners, builders, etc.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVAL.E REAL K5TATE.
J. V. MATTESON. ~" — — ™— _
Frultvale ave., near E. 14th st.. Frultvale CaL
Phone Brook 295.
1 now have for *ale one of the best pi«ces
of acreage property In this section. It is most
beautifully located on high, level ground. clc«»
to the hills en the north of county road to San
Leandro, and surrounded by orchards and nur-
series. Note the r*rice;
ONLY $65O PER ACRE.
You may have one or more acres, as you de-
sire: easy term*. The true value of thts propo-
sition will be appreciated if seen.
A FEW SPECIALS THAT WILL LAST BUT
A SHORT TIME.
$2050— 6-room 2-story house; close to station
and school ; larg« pantry, bath, electricity •
lot 37:6x105; $ioo cash win buy this place;
balance on Installments.
$1700 — 4-room cottage: located on macadamized
street; near station: 1 block from school
and electric cars; lot S8xl35; back yard
subdivided for chickens; barn; btg-h base-
ment: terms to suit buyer: fine large new-
range, chickens, ttc, go with place.
$CtM» — 5-room cottage; near station; large lot:
hl«h basement, porcelain bath, etc.; $100
cash takes this; balance on installment*.
- $2400— 7-room 2-story house; nicely located; on
large corner lot; modern throughout; new;
$20i> down; balance easy payments.
$1350 — 4-room cottage: close to station; targ*
lot; small amount down; easy payments.
$1400 — 4-room cottage: H block from 14th st.
electric car line; lot 40x150; well, chicken
houses; a good buy. •
$2100 — 6-room cottage; fine neighborhood; cen-
ter, of town; lot 50x133: high basement,
porcelain bath, gas. electric light*, shadea,
tiled sink, etc.; easy terms if desired.
In any location.
, LOTS At any price.
On any terms.
Reserve one until you are ready to build; $10.
down and $3 a month will do It.
ARTISTIC HOMES TO ORDER— If you
haven't the money I'll get It for you.
J. V. MATTESON.
Kruitvale ave, nr. ¥.. 14th. st.. Fruttvate. Cal.
BARGAIN— Frultvale; lot 35x174; nice 5-room
home; pantry, bath, hot and cold water, sta-
- tlonary tubs, 2 large basement rooms. 2
large chicken bouses: all fenced; good order.
63ft Sacramento st.. 8. F. .. .-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
': OFIICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
B. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
$2000— Brand new 5-room cottage, with bath
. and basement: all ttrcet work complete; easy
.walk to narrow-gauge station; terms to suit
$17>V> — Good cottage of 5 rooma and bath- lot
5Oxl2O; street work don© and only 15 blocks
to 'City Halt: very easy terms..
$2250 — A nice house of 7 room* and bath- flra
elevated lot In Piedmont district; 40x150-
owrier wants to co East. *
$280»— Here's a snap; new 7-room house with
every .modern convenience: fine neighborhood
and beautiful surroundlnc*.
¦ * : E. J. STEWART & CO.. '
# \ 2JXS . Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
BE All ESTATE — Country— -For *» I *»
DESIRABLE COUNTRY LANU3 FOR SALE
by McAFEE BROS.. Real Estate Agents.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Alameda Co.— 2500 acrea In Livermore \ alley,
along railroad; any size tracts, from
$10 to ?30 per acre.
NHes Sandstone Quarry— 441 acres. 3% miles
from Niles; a splendid body of stone
already opened: price $20,000.
Butte Co. — 3OUO acres of Palermo citrus lands
in any size tracts, at $75 per acre. In-
cluding water rights: also several Im-
proved orange ] grovef, f ram ¦ $5000 to
$33,000. • ' . . . >
Fresno Co. — 1280 acres among the vin«yarus
I and orchards, within 5 miles of Fresno
city, in any alse tracts, from $35 to
$75 per acre. ' '
Marln Co. — 3600. acres of reclaimed marsh land
that produces $5 per sere cash rent: all
in a fine stare of cultivation; to be.
sold In one body.
Mendoclno Co.— 800 acres In Little Lake val-
ley, near Wllllts; V, grazing and '^i
timber; price $10,000; also 40O acrea
timber land In the same neighborhood:
price $10,000; the railroad development
In this vicinity makes this property
very desirable.
Stanislaus Co. — A splendid body of level land,
traversed by the Santa Fe and S. P.
R. R.; adapted to all kinds of crops,
grain, grass and fruit and capable of
irrigation; in any slse tracts, from $15
to $50 per acre.
Solano Co.— A solendid body of 7500 acres of
marsh land; 5*^00 acres reclaimed and
under cultivation; near Mare Island,
United States Na.vy Yard; as a whole,
$300,000.
. McAFEE BROS.,
_Real_Estatf Agents. 108 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
george w. austin!
1002 Broad wart Oakland.
$7,500—2 nerc colonial houses. H rooms each;
will rent for *3O per month each: mort-
gage $5000; will trade equity of $2500
for country property.
$6,500 — Residence of 1O rooms: large lot;
mortgage 73250; trade equity for coun-
try property.
$7,500—3 cottages and store; large sunny cor-
ner; central; bank mortgage $2500: will
trad; equity for an established business,
city or country.
$40,000— Brick block; centrally located: right
down town: first-class In every respect;
' will take country property for half, bal-
• anes cash or, mortgage.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.-
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for a
stock ranch. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466
Tenth at.. Oakland. Cal. ¦
AUMEDA- ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR*!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
Look at the $1600 cottage we are offering;
lot 50x148.
They wonder how w« offer such bargains.
Here are a few specials this week.
$1850 buys good cottage. lot 40x130; snap.
$2350 — Beautiful colonial home; 5 rooms; de-
sirable.
$3000— An ideal cottage of 5 rooma and bath.
, $35<W — 7-room colonial, home; modern; nice
sized lot. •
$4500 — A beautiful 8-room modern home;
corner lot.
$.".00 — An elegant home: 10 rooms and bath;
lot 60x148; splendid value. ,
$3500 — One of the prettiest homes In Ala-
meda consisting of 10 rooms and bath; lot SOx
190.
See us — If you want a home.
See' us — If you want a house, built. ¦
Easy terms and every accommodation fur-
nished In procuring property.
Homes built; rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
$110O-COTTAGE. 5 rooms, all in good order:
block from car line.
$2600 — A beautiful home In Frultvale. 6 rooms
and bath; all modern; just* completed;
large lot.
$2600— One acre of land. 5-room cottage, all in
good order; fine place for chickens.
$1700 — Cottage. 5 rooms; barn, windmill and
* tank; fine water; lot 112x135; don't fall
to' see this.
J1P0O — Cottage. S rooms and bath, on 2Cd ave.;
lot 53x120.
$375 — Beautiful lot. 40x120; street work and
sidewalks all done; fine view; *j cash.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1151 23d ave.. East Oakland.
DELANOY & RANDLETT.
1338 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
"We have sold the last house we had built
in our Bay Side Tract.
On any lot we have left will build you a
home of any size or style you may select, so
call at our office and examine plan.*. J
We Intend to commence a new 6-room bun-
galow this week; something fine; easy terms.
DELANOY & BARTLETT. 1336 Park st.
FOR sale — New bouse of 6 rooms: Fair Oaks
st.. west of Caroline. Enclnal Park. Apply
to J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IIERKELEr HBAI. E8TATB.
ALLEN &. ELLIS— SPECIALS.
$1250 — I r.. modern, nearly new; lot 40x135; 2Vi
blocks from ferry line. •
$2500—6 r.. handsome bungalow cottage; nlca
grounds; ne,ar Ashby.
$2750 — 6 r., new, modern bungalow cottage;
double floors; a gem; sightly; near U. C.
and station.
$3000 — 7 r.. new and very nice; fine location;
near Ashby. • ¦
•51230 — 8 r. and attic: new; modern; large
rooms; nice; east^ ot Telegraph, near
Dwlght.
$5CC0— 10 r.. modern; nearly new; close to U.
C. and station.
$5250 — 9 r.: elegant: modern; colonial house:
nearly new ; east of Fulton and north of
Dwlght-
We have houses, flats and rooms, furnished
and unfurnished, for rent, in localities conven-
ient to the university and station.
ALLEN A ELLIS. 2123 Center at.
LAWTON & ALBEE'S
Jppocial Bargains In Choice Berkeley Property.
j $1650 — 5 rooms; new; good neighborhood.
$2900 — 7 rooms: new; modern plumbing; tinted
walls; bargain. _
$3210— C rooms; modern; convenient to atorei
and trains.
$3250 — 6 rooms; new; modern; North Berkeley.
$4000—7 rooms; new; up-to-date; street all
complete; close to car line.
$45C0 — 8 rooms; modern; new; on Walnut st.
$1700—8 rooms; new; mrdern; convenient loca-
tion; nice neighborhood.
$47^0—8 rooms: new; all complete; street fin-
ished; fine view; close to local.
$5000—8 rooms; well built; artistic; new- cor-
ner; street complete.
$6000—0 rooms: very nice; polished floors- mod
cm throughout; corner; beautiful view.
I S750O— 10 rooms; nearly new; very nice- <•!<-—
to U. C; fine atreet. " °""
Choice residence lots. $300" and upward to $3000
2139 Center st.; Berkeley. Cal. Phone Mason 401.
$S0O-A BERK ELEY chicken ranch ; 3-room
house: chicken houses, stable winn
sheds; lot. 90x125. fenced; i* block tnm
¦ cars; can sell on terms. . . r. • .-•
$1300— Handsome- well built 5-roora houne-
.;,. .hard finished, bath, toilet, high, hard fin'
Ished basement: nlc« lot; small barn-
close to cars:.S30O cash, balance $11 p*^
moSth. ! - W.' C. MORAN. Lorin Station ot
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station.THE SAN : rBA-K CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 5, 1903.
41
;-; : E DUCATIOW AL. _^ .,..„_
11EA LD" S tsCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion,-- laboratory and. 8bop:.work; .thoroughly,
practical; day, night. 24 Post;.catalogu«i free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
•conducted by experts; best combined short-
: hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 Post St.. S.
: f. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining anJ- mining
engineeriKg; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES.the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; fpectal summer course In all depart-
¦¦ ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, ,$5O; day- and evening sessions. ¦¦
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave: rates reduced during
summer. .Send for catalogue. V "
DANCING ; Tuesday, -Thursday. Saturday/and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
et.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. \ an
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A' SUMMER school of shorthand and bookeep-
ir.g; enroll now and be ready for position. tn
fall. b'. F. Business College. 1233 Market st.
G. MANSFIELD.' teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrelt st.
KENT Law School— Day and night. 6 Eddy st.
Send for new catalogue.
LESSONS given in Water Color, or Oil Paint-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission .r.r.ffth.
Chicago Business College. 1433 Market.nr.10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $S mo.
HEALD'S Busitiess College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863: new 80-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year-
"employment wanted— female.
GERMAN girl wishes work by the day or week
to helu out: in families; cooking or house-
work: $1 73 a day or $'J a week. Box 2o2<.
. Call office. •-' ¦
WANTED — By reliable, experienced lady to
give facial massage, face pack and scalp
treatment to ladles at their homes; reason-
able rates. Addresa box 2518. Call. .
A REFINED young lady with best reference
wishes a position as housekeeper In a hotel,
private boarding-house or a respectable room-
lns-houRC. Box 23SI, Call.-- __
ELDERLY Protestant ¦¦ woman wishes light
housework and care "of children In plain fam-
ily; wages $15. Address MRS. E. R.. box
1HS7. Call office. .
WANTED— Position by lady stenographer; ex-
perienced, able, energetic; ; $50. Box 1027,
Call office. ¦¦-/!¦, '
RESPECTABLE mother and daughter desire
positions, summer resort, as chambermaid,
pantry maid; platn sewing; wages reasonable.
Address box 3091; Call.
EXPERIENCED young woman wishes house-
work in American family;. good cook. Box
2523. Call office. : . - .-.. . '¦-¦,-¦
DRESSMAKING by the day; flrst-clasi and
rapid. Box 2525, Call office. _^
DRESSMAKER and sultmaker: *cod ; cutter
and fitter; nothing but first-class work done:
engagements by the day or week 'in private
families. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Callat Eaton's Bataar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTEp— MALE.
GARDENErt. first class, single, of long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
llowsrs and ' greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place. Address box 2522.
Call office. . .
! SITUATION by coachman and gardener (Swed-
ish); sober and reliable: city or vicinity;
good references. Box 1940. Call.
i A YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper or
clerk; experienced; or work of any kind. Box
2520. Call. ' - ' '
RELIABLE, trustworthy young man.- good ad-
. dre«s, ' appearance and education, wishes po-
sition of any kind; references given. Box
1901, Cal'.. ¦ .. - -
MAN of large experience in handling-- men,
also real tstate, will accept .position with
corporation or contractor: references and
bondh if wanted. Box . 11137. Call. -
\ FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acqualnt-
i ed with wlnemaking, superintending cellar.
field and orchard, wishes position. 101
O'Farrell st. ' - ¦' ' ' '
YOUNG fireman would like a- situation in a
power piantvwhere a sober, steady man Is
wanted and a chance for advancement given;
¦ reference, present employer. V. GRAF, Gold -
'. en West Hotel, box !.• ' ;
JAPANESE couple want place.in family; man
• experienced cook; wife watt at table; - good
references; $50. i M.- SHI, 51S Jessie -St.; tel.
South-Ott. - - ' ' "¦¦ '
JAPANESE boy desires -work to help photo-
grapher every afternoon without wages. Box
2300, Call. ••• - ¦—¦¦-¦•; '¦:-• --
CLAgilFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriEti.ios has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia >' ---.-.- ¦
FIX AXCI AL. _¦__ '_ -
COMPANIES Incorporated! and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.; 326 PO-it.
SIX months only; 4 per cent a month; staple
product: banks advance % value. Cal. best
posted honey man will meet all interested.
215 Kearny st. • ' . _^___
FLATS TO LET.
BRYANT. 321— Corner; several flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; $0, $8, *12. Apply flat C, on
premises.
Flat of 5 rooms, 1419 Pacific St.; rent rea-
sonable ¦¦ -•¦••• ¦' • ' • . i
CONTINENTAL BUILD. & LOAN ASSN.,
.301 California at.. San Francisco, Cal. i
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list: *et-
vice absolutely .free; taka advantage of this
department; It vlll save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-230 Geary it., on
the square.
CALL and get a printed list of flats and houses
to let; »omething new every day. We will
find what you want. < LYON &\HOAG.- 116
Montgomery et. ' ". .- : : " ' ' •• ¦
PARK flats; new; elegantly flnl»hed;on Sec-
ond ave. and C st..- on* block to ¦ McAllister
cars; 5 rooms; 6 room*. 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $46; .tunllght all around; open.
BAKER, 743-747— Elegant lower and upper
flats; 0-7 rooms; sunny; modern; reasonable,
TURK. 718; above Van Ness, over taller shop— -
.Six rooms, bath; $22 50.
$15 — SUNNY bay-windotv flat. -3 . rooms and
S3 bath; no children. Key 524 Fell *t.
$18 — SUNNY flat; 5 rooms, bath. 516 Shrader
gt. at the Park. -. - . . . : - ¦
HOWARD. 25p5Vi— Lower flat 5.' rooms and
% bath: warm belt; low. rent. ¦ -., * ,, ,
CLAYTON, 747— .Modern 6 rooms and bath:
rent $35;.attlc and basement. ..,*•
TO; let— Flat of- 4 room*; 1897 O'J'arrelU
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post at.
GREENWICH, 2727— Upper; sunny; « rooms;
¦ new; marine view; $25; open. •
6-ROOM flat. . ; Corner Church and Hancock sts.,
;- near'Elghteenth. - v- ' - .
\ FLATS WASTED. '
WANTED-— Furnished house* or flat, : 5 .or 6
rooms.- adjoining .Panhandle., for month or
longer. Box 2521. _CalI jofflce. - ,, ,,,,_„,'
FLATS FOR gALE—FURMSHKU.
FURNISHED .flat. C rooms, all oak furniture,
I $2g5; rent_$^O. 512y^ Leavenwdrth: . .
" HELP WAXTED— FK^IALB.
WANTEi^cijokThoteir^
home; ,$50;' 2* Institution .cools, $40; Ironer
for- springs. $40; 'Burse.^.2; childrwi, t» go
i eouth, $25; 10 waitresses, to go Monday, first-
class, resorts, '{are- paid. $25«?30;. cook, small
boarding-house, $30; 6 waitresses, family- ho-
- tels city, $25; 2 nurse, girls, $20-$25; nurse
1 for • Invalid, $30; 2 cooks, „ $30; housework,
' ' JCapa," f 25: 4 second girls, city and . country,
* $25; 5 , chambermaids, assist waiting, 'city .
andcountry; $20-$25; CO girls to call Monday
to fill positions 'for all'klnds'of good plac**
.and beat wages. * Apply to J. V. CROSETT &'
CO., S34 Sutter 'st. . .-.."• . / .-¦ ./ ¦ .
WANTED— Man ; and wife' for: hotel; $50. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN f& CO... ;....•... f429 Bush at
. ¦;' Office Open* From 10 to 12.
URGENT.- v , - .•¦¦:••
10 waitresses, 5 chambermaids. $25, free fare.
I For Lake -Tahoe," springs,' Santa - Cruz; - free
fare for all. ¦' ' ; '. <v .;v, '¦ '-. *.(/:
: C.'R. HANSEN &XO...V. :..-.. : 429 Buch st.
YOUNG • Bohemian "lady.*-; Bohemian i parentage
or other kind to pose In c«>tume. Box 1977.*
¦ Call offlce-j vVo-'-t;' }.*:.?* -¦'* '.--J ks"..\* .¦
AN ' energetlp" woman " tp represent : ; wholesale
r house in Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley. : B01"
ios4. can office.' - ;:. .- ; .; ~
EXPF.RIUNCED bookkeeper : wanted.^^VV'HITE
gKWING;MACHINE:CO,." 300 Post at.. S. F.
YOUNG girt assist in housework; 3 In family;
r; sleep home. ,1618 Hayes st. >
I H Et.P WAXTED— FEMALE— Con.
.A- PANTS, operator, also girl with some expe-
rience of tunning sewing-machine. 245 7th st.
V/ANTED— Limited . number. -. of J- energetic
ladies to sell our quarter-acre Pasadena
Villa 1 Tract Iota for $4 down, ./isee'our terje
advertisement under head of ! '"Male. Help
Wanted." " . ._ .. .
CARLSON INVESTMENT CO..
114'a. Broadway, Los. Angeles, Cal.
TAILOR system. . , .M. E. FLYnT;
Drescm'k's. ladies' tailoring, r. 139, VSM Mkt.
BOOKFOLDERS. experienced and apprentices.
Apply af 410 Sar.aome at. .-"¦
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma-
terials and pay from $7 tb f 12 Wv^kly. ijend
stamped envelope. Royal Co., 54 Monroe at.,
Chicago.,
WANTED—^Young girls from 15 to IS years
to be taught to be salesladies. Apply -Mon-
day mornlns, betwqen 10 and It o'clock. I
MAGNIN. A CO.. 43-S3 Ellia »t.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced Jewelry-
saleslady. Apply - superintendent's office,
k The Emporium.* ' '
WANTED — Young ladies to assist on stock.
_ Apply HOLM &/NATHAN, 512 Market st.
I GOOD 2irl wanted to work In bindery.-". MY-
SELL, ROLLINS & CO.. 23 Clay tt. •
GIRL for general housework In^tamtly of two.
22S( Tenth ave., Richmond. . >• .-
AT OUR NEW FACTORY^ 1S73 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
32V4 FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS. .
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring. . massage, hair
work ; removal of ' superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for |4 50: positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. '233' Geary, r. 18; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, maasage. scalp
- treatment, hair work,- removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$!(> to $20 wk. 1236 Market.- cor. Jones, r. 94. 1
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
'wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN A CO..
636 Mission st. i . ¦ •"
A— OPERATORS . wanted < on ladies' : wa!sts;
good wages; steady employment. 65fl Mls-
Bton St.. I. MAGNIN & CO. .
A— OPERATORS want«d on children's and in-
fants' wear: steady powltlon; good wases. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission st.
WANTED— Young lady who is an experienced
etenographer: one who Is familiar with the
Smith Premier typewriter. Apply between
y and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
ACTIVE, thoroughly experienced business wo-
man, capable, of. holding position of. trust.
Box 1990,. Call. - ,-. - .
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 year*;
term* easy. 816 OTarr«tl. for. 1000 Van Nes*.
YOUNG Klrl for light housework. NE. corner
Hyde and Jackson sts., upstairs.
GIRL to care for two children"! 601 Natoma
¦ street. ••¦ » - • •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
OPERATORS on iladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet 0 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In X month
for *B; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton »l. nn. 13.
PIC £_ hop " In A"* 1 "*: enjoyable, healthful ani
very profitable outlns for men .women and
children. Call or writ* E. . CLEMENS
' HORST CO.. 122 Battery M San Francisco.
WANTED— Girl about 15 for country; light
housework: wages $5. Box 1036 Call office.
GIRL for factory work; good wage*; *teady
employment; no experience necessary; apply
at once. Gulf Bag Co'.. 700-711 Front st.
WANTED — Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market it.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received a» Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore-.
A BRANCH oface for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has teen established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦ ' •* ¦ -¦-.
'.WLH WAM'UO .HALEL ' -
. , — OPEN TO-DAY- — i
— —SUNDAY
MURRAY & READY. . . . . -
634 and tG6 .Clay st. .
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. .- PHOXE MAIN 5S1S
1 Leading Employment and Labor Agents
THIS IS WHAT
. - MADE US. FAMOUS, . "
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL AVELCOJIE. -.
1002 We Gave lmrWe'-U Give'
45.U0O Men Work. - CO.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU . FREE TO ONE
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALl!
Ogden, Utah,. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles . County,- Santa Barbara
Chatsworth Park, ¦' Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, .,Ocegon
San Fernando.' .,:.'*. Washington'
Los Angeles County, , Center America!
Arizona. Wl'.lits, .- Ukiah
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST. SOUTH
. INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers. •- pile drivers, fence
builders.- drlllen. single, double and "machine
men; corner .and bench , hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters' engineers
blacksmiths, etc. $5, $4. $3 50," $-1, $2 50 and
$2 a day. . '
• Free Fare. . Free Fare. Free Fare
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going! -
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
- MURRAY & READY,
¦ 634. and 638 Clay st.
" ¦¦ zmn '¦¦*'¦
; TO-DAY. SUNDAY, MANAGER OF ; MINES.
. At our office from 9 a. ro.J your railroad fare'
advanced. . '. -¦ ' • ..
12 machine miners. ?70 and found. -
C tlmbermen. $70 and. found. -
14 single and double hand drillers. $65 and
found. '..-•. . - ,
15 muckers. $62 and found.
2tf laborers, no experience required. |6Q and
found.. • -
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 CUy st.
SEE GENERAL MANAGER FROM BUTTE
To-day at our office. $1 to Butte; that's all.
105 laborers; teamsters; "drillers.* m'uekera,-
men to clear right of way, axmen.'etc.,
$75 per month. -. ' '¦ . ¦ • ¦ .
MURRAY fc READY. 631-636 Clay st.
UNITED 3TATES SENATOR r ¦
CLARK'S- NEW GREAT RAILROAD.
MANAGER NOW AT -OUR OFFICE.
55 carpenter*, any rough carpenter can fill
the bill. $105 month, your R. R. fare paid.
Down Among the Orange Groves. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~~~ "gold7~silver7~
/ copper and coal
MINES— ' . ' •
TO THE QUARRIES AN7J TUNNELS.'
2B4 laborers for mines, etc.. $60 to 575 and
found; 193 miner* and muckers, drillers sin-
gle, double and machine men. furnace men,
bench. ¦ corner men. etc..' $95, $*(5. $90; lo- ;
cated everywhere. Laborers need no.expe-
f 'mVrRAY & READY. 634-S36 Clay ,st.
ARE YOU : A MECHANIC? ~
MECHANICAL HELP.
$5 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where, for shops «nd' factories, foundries,
mines, ranehe*. railroad camps, . sawmills, .
woods, dredgers, . etc. ; some shoeing, some,
without. ?4. $3 5O, $3, $2 50 a day; many by.
the month and found. ...... . -.
15 coopers, lime barrels, lie an-J- 10c ; each. .^
5 carriage painters, $00-; 3 helpers on car-
riages. ' ,.
All-round blacksmith, fare '$2 50,- $3 day. ''¦•
Blacksmith, sawmill. $50 and- found. -
5 a*phaltura floor makers. ."
2 shlnglers, city; 6 weavers on blankets, $35
and. found. ' , .-, .
"3 blacksmith' helpers, city wagon works.' $2
day. ¦•*-¦¦•
Blacksmith, city wagon shop. $3 day.
M*n, lo^d brfeks on cars.
. 2 brick molders. 50c fare. $3 50 day.
Stonemason. -rubble work, Los Angeles, free
fare, $3 to ?4 day. -
: . Handy man about machinery."- factory, ' 15c
fare. $2 day. • ¦ •; - . ' .
Tinner, factory.: fare £0c, $3 a day.* ¦
r"'- Blacksmith, orchard, boss here, $40 found.
'- Carriage trimmer, Merced County. $3 u day.
. 2 carpenters. El Dorado County, |3 50 Vlaj: ;
!• 12 bench- hands anil- paperers, fare $1. $2 25
'¦ . and $3 50 day; 4 gardeners; 50 Italians, . fac-
tory, fare' paid. $30 found. '•"*'•*' :; :*-"
Teamster," haul wood,' Folsom,-," $10 found. 1 '
' Printer; :iOcfare,"TIO week.' " .^.i-.-x--
¦ T. . MURRAY & READY. 634 : 63C ClaV ft.V.
' 1 ...... -- , • CARPENTERS..,' " •. . /
:'-. 101 carpenters 'for 'all parts of CaHfornlaT
: Nevada.- •Utah.'i Arizona and -Oregon,- ' ?4,
L $3 75. JJ3 50,!*3 25,' by'the
i month' and .•'found, -to build barns.
'¦" I" sheds, fences, • concrete /forma and ¦ boves; " re-
: pair on ' rancheo, daJrles, • bj-ldge ; an>l >l]|p
; builders.' dtoorrt;mlnes,' sawmill* and' v.-uO.is,
: fltynest, bench - work.', , Conje and Bee. \.; ' .
,.': - MURRAY & READY. C34-««J Chky.Vt.X
jUKLAXHIiYERTlSEMFm
_¦. - Oakland kual kState; -
' • HI02 liKOADWAY. OAKLAND.
SSCo to .$.>k) down; 2-story, comfortable house
." of « room*, bath, cms and modern con-
.icsUacn; Kwly painted and pai>er*-d; lot
*.Vxi5o «note th« f-izr); barn and well; one
block frcm Telegraph ave.; easy monthly
jvdjnier.ts; liberal diseoutit will b» allowed
t<.r ..;i cfith cvt-r preseat mo>?rage of
?iucc.
t;vn.'(i — Nearly new inod<rn iclonial cottage of
li rcion-.s; high biecnient: urtok foundation;
• in-rci-Uin 1,-ath; suriitary plumbinr; all In
nnt- condition; lot 5Oxl4<) (.not? the size);
_.' " B^tect work all dene; *ume cidtualks laid;
" i-jn-n lawn; choice residence location; near
.tirove tt.; line fcarr, gravel driveway,
• -sarden and a few fruit trees; must be
.-oid: ovn«r my; cannot be duplicated
at. the rrlee: mutt be »< en lo be appre-
ciated; urms of payment if desired.
J-lToO — «'ottage of C r>Hims; newly painted aftd
•• pajK-rtd; high batement; extra large liv-
.. lCB-rouin; walking distance from looal
train; No. 14tl 13th tt.. bet. Peralta and
•'."enter; tcnoa If detii-ed; a big bargain:
• lious* alone vrould cost almost the i^rlce
to build.
$!7D0 — 1 acre "in Piedmont; close to the new
<Toi=s-town line and not far from two
. electric lines; Improving location.- s
SCSOOj—Eastisk* cottage of <5 rooms, bath, high
*- . bafrmer.t; lot 84X13S; good smalt bam;
all in fine ccndltlun; for refit at $25 per
"aiGnth; No. 5t>"7 ?5th st.. near Grove.
GEORGE W. ACSTrN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
'jiSSO 1 — TWO-STORY house cf 6 rooms; new
plumbing: a:i in good condition; lighted
. * with e&f, lot 5Uxl5t> <note the Else); with
. wf!l and bar:;: just 1 Uoctc from Tele-
• graph ave. « .
\l~7io — Cottage of * rooms and extra large liv-
ing room; 14C1 13th st.. near Onter: all
newly painted and |>apered; within walk-
ing 'distance of local station: a big bar-
% . ca-ia end xr.ust be «oM at once.
?3000 — Nearly new; colonial cottage of 6
rooms; modern plumbing; high basement;
brick foundation; lot S0zl4U (note th»
m tuzt); Eireet work all done: stone walks
laid; walking distance of town; best loca-
tion along Grove st.: terms if desired; a
big* bargain; owner out of 'wn.
• oUORGE \V. AUSTIN.
' J002 Broadway. Oakland.
* CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
CHOICE BVILDING LOTS.
V. e ere offering for tale a variety of aigh-
• !ass huildkig lets in Piedmont.
• Piedmont is 2U miles frcm City IU11; S5O
<oet above Oakland: commands elegant view
of «.i&kland. San Francis™. Golden Gate,
etc; on direct line or new crosstown toad
• a.nd ferrj- to t=»n Franclt-co; is within 18
minutes' car ride of Oakland's center: is
lb« choice ot jieople who want an ideal build-
ing elte.
V.hfn the new ferry Is In operation next
Scptrraber these !<->ts will be a* near 3d and
•.»>¦<*•*:>- ft^., S»n Francisco, a* the outJjing
POTUoQ* "f Pan Francisco are in iio'.nt of
. time. The ferryboats wil! be- elegant and
rapid.
Why not live in Oakland? Call to see us
• r writ* for particular* concerning what we
have to offer.
. f 1T,V> — r>"3cU<i; street work done, sidewalks
•» : lai<i. sewered, etc^
$SS0O — Aii ip.oom-> property; 2 Hats. S room*
*>»¦•:;: corner lot. HOxKirt; investigate;
trud«?-rrt:»«itions cenridered.
«-• U. DODGE & BQSt.
' 1100 Broadway.
•A J. t^.VTLtEn. . ' .
Heal Estate Bmker and Dealer.
<M7 Ninth «.. Oakland. CiL
REAL BARGAINS.
Jirrn— «"otta-re of five rooms, on Twenty-sixth
f-t'-et-t.
*i*ZA> — Six.rcctnE: let CDxlSfri Maple '«t- .
kispo — Pi\e rooms and bath; 42-ft Jot- Fifty-
fifth Kt.
XllT^i — Four room cottage »>th hath.
C-uiO — Boautiful cottajre: lot 41xMS.
Hundreds cf Choice Bargains to Offer.
?OB SALE— ~~ '¦
, mm • .-
•:. K. MARSHALL.
1118 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
flSfo— Fine corner on 14th St.; 10-room house-
a!! m'«icrn convenience^: heated by fnrnace-
!•¦; .50x1 W; owwr movinr East.
*•'-'•"— E»autlful heme cm Filbert st.; near
l f :th; <i rooms; modern; lot 40x100
*W*X — ?i-room ccttage on Kith: close in.
S^M> — »»-rooin cottage en Jfith st.
SI1'.V»— c-rcora cottage en 21*t.
C1TS0 — ~-ruum ccttage on Filbert.
fWxi — 1 roenif; :;4th. near Grove.
§12S&-9 roonu; Myrtle et.; clote in.
C. K. MARSHALL.
'_ 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$W*— LGVELr ccttage home, completely fur-
. nithtd and nii»e!j- located on th» corner of
. Grove et-; -lot 45x125. with i-table. etc: will
' s-a unlumifhed for $2500; flowe--E. fruit
trees and ralms; an Ideal home .-ir.d a bar-
£ain. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
>l."'rft— NICELY located cottage; walking dis-
tance to Fourteenth and Broadway; $160
••as=h and J20 per month. THE ALDEN CO
HIS Bread way. . •, -
ST-iT/i — LOVELY 2-story residence «c.l grounder"
. jun completed; $7Zo caEb and bal. S per cent
irsterc-tt; place worth $3750; icrced eal«;
rruiet have a little money;- nicely l>-cated near
• Grove «t. THE ALDEN CO.. 1115 Broadway.
«D 000— 4-ROOM cottase. Eighteenth Et.. Oak-
land; cr mill exchange for ranch. Address
Owner. *Cl>'^ Thirteenth St.. room 4. Oakland.
fS&O CA£H. $13 monthly — 4-room. neat cottage,
pantry ciosets. outbuilding* and 1-room
cottage; lovely arbor overspread with fruit
.trees of variou* kinds, all In full bearing;
own water *upply piped over ground*;
»»hrubbery and flowers in abundance; 6 lots
100x200; eandy loam . cell, all fenced; this
U tm ideal home; not far from good school
electric cam and church; away from foci
and cold »in<5s ; price In all. $1UO. Call or
»*ai for circular. 455 Bei-enth et.. opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage tree.
li. /.. JONEfj. cwrer.
OAKLAyp HOUSES TO LET.
$ir»— 10 ROOMS; Mh and Adeline. ~-~~~
?:IS— 7 rocni?; JF.th and Linden
$jp_« roonm and bath; lot 50x150; barn; two
fc!t>ck* frcm TeJegraph ave.
*l-'t — Cottage of 5 rooms: central.
• Send for rrinted rent catalogue
* ' GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
O AiaAM^^FUtMTfllK. KOR'gALB.
FJ-nNITi;RE good anVTh^aTth^monthTTL.
4rtK ni>v>r.th St.. Oakland.
SAX BIATCO REAL ESTATE.
HAN MATEO, ~ " ' ' "
* '.BURLING AME.
nr« surburban homes near San- Francisco;
no Jerry; electric railroad new runnlnc- lots
and residence* for tale. We can sell good lot*
at low. ac f3uO each. W* will be glad to ehow
them. U'c s.lro have some acreage land near
by as low as MOO ta >200 t>er acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS
K* Montgomery f-*:. Sap FrancUc-o. R««lde-t
uct,*. 8. o. GOODHCE. Weitern Ccion Telel
Kiaph WV.S.ir.x. han Mateo.
.^ SPECIAL NOTICES.
.NOTICE 1* hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of C20 Lake «t,. San Francisco,
has rtce'ved the following orphan* half
• orphan* and abandened gtrl* from January
l«=t to June 30th. 11*03: - Charlotte F. Reeves
¦ Red 11 year*: Edith Mackey Johnson. 9
• :<«rs : Dorothy Campbell. 8 year*: Lanra Dale
Aih. 10 year*; Irene Jones, 13 year*; Maria
Gruv\ fl ytar«; Violet E. Golledge, 13
>er#. Margaret A. Golledre. II year*; Mat-
He ti . Of. -ode. 11 years; Hazel O. Goode «
years; Ceurrle Cavi*. 2 year*: Maud H.
Brown. 10 >«ars: Elsie H. Brown. 8 years-
Ida M. Brom-n. t year*; Mary Jane Foraatz
J- Kontha. MgnHMi ¦
DR. NELLIE BEIGHLE will return from New
>ork and op*-n h«>r offices on July 13. she
hp» leased Bn entire floor in the Marlon
builtMng. over Kart's bootery 104-1OR-108
, tnd 110 G*ary ft., one black frcm Kearny
*nd Market. Will be** plrased to see pa-
tl*^it« and frirnd* from 10 to 4. Formerly
o£_Emma Ppre^kcls building:
ABANDONED cWldrea In St. Joseph'* ' Infan*
. Ori;han Aeylunj from Jan. 1. 1002. to Jan 1.
. J:«Ci: Raymond Welch, age SU year*; Ruby
W«>lch. at* 44 years; Ellaeri McGiveny, age
4 year*; Kfihrr Frantr. age 4 year*.
fTl'TTBKIXa Ayp STAAIMEBjyC.
MELBOURNE Eyttem School. Van Nes* and
JtUrket; i«jtiti\t cure for ail. Dca't del*y.
MKETIXG NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No." 12<V- F... and "Air.l •" .'
M.— Funeral nctlce^ — Officers Mid _Jv_
members are reouested to assemble >£>?
at Masonle Temple on- SUNDAY, the ****
hth Irst. at y-.'M o'clock, for the purpose of
conducting the funeral ceremonies of our
lata brother. GEORGE EDWARD AGARD.
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' By order
, of the W. M.
_: FREDERICK. BARRY. Secretary. ..
CALIFORNIA Ludfe No. 1. I. O.
O. F. — Installation of officers «
MONDAY EVENING, July (i. ?%$*&=£
Members attend. Visitors wel-" "t'i^
come. " J. A. McHENRY. N. ,G.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F. •'<**~* !iui . ,
Installation of officers next
TITESDAY EVENING, July 7. "^SSffSlzr
C. E. W. SCHUBERT. N. G. ¦'"'
W. R. LINDSAY, R- S. .. >¦ ¦ . .,' - . >
i HERMANN Lodce. No. 145 I. O.
i O. F.— Special mcetinj; WED- £!?***&&
> NUSDAY July 8, 19<tt. Offlcers
I and members ar« hereby notified '-Wttv 1^*
that a special, meeting of above lodge has
been called for WEDNESDAY EVENING,
Jul- S. at S o'clock, sharp, for the purpose of
the public installation of the officers for the
j ensuing term. Memorial Hall, third floor I.
O. O. F. building. Sojourning brothers are
cordially invited: , . ¦:¦''¦¦ .-•
SIEGFRIED COHN, Secretary.
ALT A Lodge No. 205, L O. O. \^*iA£4i,
I F.— Installation of otiifc-rs MOX- :£^S?23SS2'
i DAY EVENING, July ti. Broth- =^g^3-^
I ers Invited. .
W. E. STEVENS, N. G.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 310. I. O. <ACUtoi>.'
O. F.— Installation MONDAY # "J^i
EVENING, July <!. Vlsitoro wel-
come. J. N. NISBET Jr., N. G.
S. C. STANKE. R. S. . ¦ - •" '
OFFICERS and members of the
Servian Montenegrin L. and B. '
Society: Ycu are all requested
to assemble at cur Hall, 309 4&^.^ai
Market St., SUNDAY, July 5, ffjtfPgfy
1903. at S o'clock a. m. sharp. $IKp3''3
J to iiartaXe In the march to th* ttAKCeSai
• ferry dt;ot of nur 23rd annual >«afMfcli/
picnic, which will be held at
t-'chuc-tzen Park, San" Rafael. .The.' Society
will leave en the 9:30 a. m. boat. Purchase
your railroad tickets at the ferry depot. • Ad-
mission to the Park, 25c.
JOHN E. KUKAVIZA. President.
M. G. STANIEICH. Rec. Sec. >
LOYAL Orange Lodges, Including /€>"•'
1 ' Ladles' Loyal Orange Association _5s&J
! of San Francisco. Oakland, San /tTJnsA
Jofe. will hold their annual picnic BE^'3\
"«rd celebration on SATURDAY, "^{W
! July 11. 1903. at Shell Mound Park. West
J Betkel^y. Numerous prizes will be com-
[ peted-for: al^o gate prizes. Johnson's famous
j union band will bo in attendance for dancing.
! D. F. THOMPSON. State Grand Master.
TO tha Officers and Members *m Ty^ V
of the Riggers' and Steve- "jvjLtlj-jL^x
dores' Union- Association — ?j^*y^^p
! You are hereby notified to
I attend the regular meeting of this a&socia-
, tion TO-MORROW f MONDAY) NIGHT.
July 6. zi 7:30 o'clock. Business of Kreat
importance to come before the association.
' Hy order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEN D, Recording Secretary. ,
! THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from \Y. S. Kerr, in Old Stiff Gravel
j Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County,
Cal., draining into Wades Gulch Creek,
! which reaches Stanislaus River, gives notice
that a' meetins will be held at room 9ft,
: Flood Building-, San Francisco, Cal.. July
! 20. 11/03, at 1 :30 p. m. . .
• NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF 1 THE
j BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
; hereby called by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 400 California " street, the
banking-house of said bank. In the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Callfor-
' nia. on WEDNESDAY, the 16th day of July,
39u3. at the hour of half-past three o'clock
! in the afternoon of said day, for the pur-
pcre of considering ar.d deciding what dis-
; position shall be made of the new. or ¦ In-
creased capital stock of said bank that may
I >be authorised by said stockholders on said
I day, and of providing how, to whom, when
j and at what price and under what conditions
said new or Increased capital stock may be
sold, and for the purpose of authorlxtng and
i directing the Board of Directors of said
: bank what to do in the premises. ¦ .
: WILLIAM ALVORD.
as President of the Bank of California.
j Dated July 1. 1JK13. ' .
j NOTICE o! meeting.— The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Call-
) fornia will be held at th* banking-house, 400
California street. San Francisco, nn TUES-
DAY, July 14, 1003. at a o'clock p. m. The
! ' transfer books for the transfer of stock will
close on Tuesday. July 7. 1903, at 3-. o'clock
p. m., and will reopen on Wednesday. July
15, at 0 o'clock a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
i THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the- Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held' In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1003, at 4 o'clock p. m., .
¦when a board of trustees w|!l be elscted.' ¦".
I C. B. HOLBROOK. Bsoretary.
1 CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages. Sent to any address In the
United States A- Canada one year for $1,
poftagc paid. . . :¦.....
1 I**™"" — —^™ — —^— — — —^— ».»^
I ; ADOPTION.
i WANTED— For adoption; girl between 2 and
:; years: partial blonde. Address, box 1038, !
! Call office. - 1
AGEXTS WAXTED.
! BEGIN business for yourself; stop working' for
I others; we start ycu In profitable mall order i
: business at your heme:' pleasant work; im-
: menbP. promts; unlimited possibilities; full In-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOWARD
1 CO.. Denver. Colorado.
i AGENTS wanted— Portrait agents; 16x20 frame. :
rlasr, back, mat and portrait complete. F. O.
B. Chicago. 72c; no extra for groups. - CHI-
CAGO COPY CO.. 44" Ogden ave.." Chicago..
' WANTED — An intelligent lady to represent a
I well established local corporation; to the
right party will give salary and good com-
mlsslon. 4C9 Parrott building.
; AGENTS— Make, cell and advertise your own
Roods: free Information. PACIFIC ADV
; CO., 120 Suttor St., San Francisco. Cal. j
$30 WEEK and expenses to men with rigs to
i sell poultry remedies. ORWON REM. CO.,
Dept,- CO. Pareons. Kans.
SCHEMES and Fakes of America, 10c. PA-
CIFIC BOOK CO., 120 Sutter St., S. F.
I $5 TO $10 per day easily made jelling our Per-
j fection Flavoring Powders: agents wanted.'
Long Broa.. Mfrs.. 05ft Broadway. Oakland.
* ASTROLOGY.
; Returned — Prof. Raymond; astrology tau&ht;
horoscopes cast by mall If desired. 64D Ellis.
¦ ATTORXEYS AT tAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, . wills,
attachments, collection?, etc. ; consul tatfc.n
tree; no advance charges; call or write; even-
- ings by .appointment. Tel. Red SG01. . - .. -
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
c£fc«£; no fees in advance; open every even-
, tng. J. M. THUP.STON. 810 Market St.. r. 31.
j ADVICE. free; divorces. a apeclalty.qutck.qulat;
no charge without success; established IS yr*.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale'*.
A1TKEN /fc AITKEN. attorney*,- r«. 809-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE. free; no charge unless successful; all
case*; cpen evgs. W.W.Davidson. 827 Market.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg* 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation frees'no fees in advance.
"BOARUWG Wlt~~CKILUKEy.,
WANTED — Home for girl 3. years - of ace •'
state price. Box 2519. Call office. '.. ".:.
pUSINKSS CHANCMS.
PROSPEROUS hardware find plumbing busi-
¦"¦ness for sale In a thriving dairy and -fruit
irrigated district in Him Joaquln Valley:
does $20,000 business annually; 'monthly
payments; work for 4 men in shop; a good
opportunity for an active ; man.x For par-
[ ticulars address McAFEB 'BROS., 10S Mont-
gomery >t.. San Francisco. Cal. . .:
$20.000— SALOON, the belt. : the largest, or »
partner for $10,000 In same. •¦•'.- - ¦:> .
$3500— Splendid corner saloon on O'Farrell
•t.. worth while, to look aftijr,, : - -
$960 — Saloon on Steuart at.
2 old. reliable corner groceries with . bar.
$4000 each; worthy. price fpr experienced grocer
FRED J SCHMIDT. 26 Montgomery »t. .
THIS Is a genuine bargain and worth Investi-
gating— $1000 buys the . Cypress Villa, the
best-paying hotel In Kan Rafael; ,- splendid
1 furniture; rent only $60; long lease Mf -de-
sired. For full particulars. CROICER '; &
CO., real estate agents,' 137. Montgomery st.,
¦room 25; also, a restaurant for $800; rent
$35, Including 8 rooms; tame city. • -'* ,
DAIRY with everything complete,' including 21
young cows and 3 horses, wagons and all the
business - for sale. ¦ Addmss or send orders
by mall to GEORGE PANAIOTIS, San Le-'
andro. Cal. . : * ¦ .. -•
FOR BALE— At a bargain, an established gro-
• eery business in Marln County; must be sold
within the next ten dayo. For 'particulars
call at room" 0, - "Wtlklnt block San Ra-
" fael. Cal. '., . ' . </;.: ¦";¦ ...« :-_.-.. , !
WANTED— A partner for an "old-established
¦'¦':- paying- busines*; must bave" knowledge-* of
bookkeeping and be a gotd salesman having
a capital of about $2000 o:. good security. Ad-
drees box 1028. Call. : :. "i - r* - ;
$100 — GHAND ba'rgaln; re«tturant; rtnt> $20.
. 320t> California et. r •¦¦¦_! >- • *
nilSIXKS!* CHANCRS- -Con tin Of rt. - ,
FOR--'«ile-^Good i ; launrtxy;*, business, :1a: 1 Santa.
Koha; ."piling on account of partners cannot
¦ agrea.'" For"^particulars.- cafl or address- 701
/ Fourth Kt.. Santa Rosa. Cal. ,; ... . *.. ,
$;50O0 — PARTNER . wanted manufacturing
business: well established: S50 customers -£400
protlt mo. Luttermann & Co., Old Mkt:, 4., 54.
FOR saleT-^Corner saloon: two years lease;
I good- business at a. sacrifice; no agents.
; Box 10S2. Call office. ¦
,(425— Paint shop and trade; well established
business: a bargain; must sell at once. D. US
JUNGCK. 2117 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
$1000— HALF Interest, in established -business;
good lnveatin<:nt: F.px 10SS. Call office.
8A LOON and grocery: daily $25; < rent $30: 4
fur r. LUTTERMANN & CO., 916 Mkt., r. 04.
SALOON for sale; cheap if taken "before 15th
lnst. Owner, 45 Van Ness ave. Vv ;'
BAKERY and delicacy store. for> sale; must oe
sold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
$2250— OLD-ESTABLISHED country hotel: or-
chard, redwoods, etc.: no bar. Box 2532, Call.
AN otitslde route for gale. ' Apply Call office.
LOUGING-HOTUSES FOR~~SALK.
ICO ROOMS; house for men"; rent $140... .$4000
5S rooms; scuth : of Market: rent. $100.. 20C0
. i!4 room*; corner; part caab; bal. easy. >. S5O
. 11 rooms; good income; rent $20 850
21 i-uciits; water tront; rent $40; lease,.*. «50
120 rooms; good lease: low -rent... ;.%. 6500
67 rms: apartments; Western Atid; rent. 250
Mox-fcy loaned at.-l per cent;
Ilotcls, roHdhouses, flats, 5 to 100 rooms. --¦
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
NEW house. 1!) rooms: all sunny; newly fur-
nished; fin? location; open plumbing; bath,
telephone., hot and cold water; rooms all
rented permanent tenants; 3 years', lease;
broken health cause" of sale; no agents. Iiox
198a, Call. ..*-.
I MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40G Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
$175-~SNAP; C-room beautiful fiat: 2 rooms
pays rent. Inquire 10:52 Market st:.' rm. 4.
SUNNY, well furn. cor., flat, 14 rms: rent $37;
Tirire yt:5H 204 Second st.. upstair*. --.¦¦-
J>PIHITUALISM. _^ : ' :
ETHEL CRINDLK, materializing seance Sun-
day eve., 50c. 1115 Post *t.. 8 o'clock.
MRS. BAXTER REYNOLDS, circles Tuesi and
. Frl. 8 p. m. : readings dally. 462' Geary st,
KATIE HEUSSMANN. test' circle Friday even-
Ins, 25c; sittings daily. 10QO Harrison st.
CLAIKVOYAJITS.
A— CALL~AT"ONCE AND SAVE $2. .
My Regular *3 Reading This Week For
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE. ' :
The First Registered Trance 1 Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever 'in San -Francisco. .
I do herepy solemnly agree and giyuantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband. ¦ wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry; in fact. I will tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell, your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes yoti successful and prospirous, cure*
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures- hours" 10 a. m.»-to 8 p.
m.; Sundays 1! to 8. 320 O'Farrell st;.- 32t>.
MMF.. M. BEKNARD. ; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant arid business medium, permanent-
ly located at' 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldgr.; she renls your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the.
present happenings and portrays events to oc-
cur in the future; if you art in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life,- or have do-
mestic; love cr business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable adrlce In all affairs
of life; 2(5c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569. .- . -
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
»t.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a-.
An. to 5 p. -m.; readings by mail-as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send' postof nee,
Wolis-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
. card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end tight: tells the past, present and. future;
ladies. 50c; gents. •$!:¦' hy cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk et.
MRS. BASHAM7 clairvoyant: come prepared
with questions. 70S Van Ness, cor. Eddy;
tel.'Sutter 3134. . ' '
CLAIRVOYANT, palmist, card reader, re-
moved from' 262 Minna- «t. ¦ to*402 Franklin
St.. nr. Grove; readings. 10c for a short time.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader:, ladies
25c; gents £0c;, rtadjngs dally. .132, Sixth, st.
MME. WALTERS.' great card reader; la. 25c:
gents 50c. .051 Mission. et.. nr.' Cfh; open..Sun. ;
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life,' business advice;
names given; 23c up. 5 "4th St.. near Market.-
MADAM -MARCEAU,. .clairvoyant • and card
reader: ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
MRS, SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: stt-
tlngs dally. 448^ Jettle st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
COLLECTIOXjaPPICES. ¦
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.v r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red «18;- collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41.* Montromery. roomy fl-10: tel. fiSSO.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning. carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; .prices -mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with 'your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrks. .155-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 . Guerrero et.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler st.;
tel. Main 31)4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpflt-bcatlng works: prices
1 reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
: CHIROPODISTS. .
buNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the.feet cured: corn*, bunlons.etc.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 50— COTTAGE," 4 H. and B.; 365T^2TTt!';
$100 down and $12 80 per- month . for 120
month*. ¦:.¦' . ...
$12 M — Cottage 4 R. and B,; 35 Nevada ave.;
with $100 down you can have your own home.
D. COFFIN. 33.(« ; Ml Baton St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, "Marketer. Eleventh
\ — No charge fpr extracting when plates, are
"^made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get ; - extracting. 60c ; gas given.
REMOVAL. ... .. ."? •' ..'.-:. ..,..- ,.>¦¦¦
. DR. C. -W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
¦ moved frcm 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
• room 614, corner. Geary. and Kearny sts. ...^
A NEW plate— The . Whalebone — cannot break:
. warranted 20 yrt.; crown-, '$3 50; fillings, 50c;
.. plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war.
'• ranted.- Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth »t.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 CO up; crown».$2 up; flUlng*.25c.
GOLD fillings 76c. silver 35e. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free
New York Dentlsti, Pfit> Mission *t.. cor. «jth,
DJl^^>l^U5llSL_&^EAMSTRESSEC.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Mllllaery School
-—Any pattern cut to measure. -. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst &' knife plaiting; Btew-
art's button Ac buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
~~ K3iyL.OYMK.Vr O If KICKS. .'V.'; •;
GEORGE AOKI. 421 ,'Post • Bt. ; ; teirBuslTliSS?
• Japaneee-Chlness. ; employment -. office; -.:ur-
nishes best help;. contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment ' Office— Japanese,
i Chinese help. 428 Powell, u Tel. Main 5732.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE Employment Office—Beet help S at
Leen Seung. ; 41P/J O'Farrell; tel. | East 428.
GRAND , Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stocktcn: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable -help.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 11)07. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
~ r^ U^ yl ' I ' 1?^ iEi ~ 1^P R SAIJE^.
FURNITURE of 1 5-room j flat for sale; * flat to
{let; party leaving city.. Call 20S Chatta-
nooga^st. , -.-- . ,, ...""-. : i -.-' ¦ ¦/...",-'-
FURNITURE of 7-room> house -(R.JO Sutter st.;
,' inspection on and after Monday; house to let.
OAK' ." dining ¦" set • and velvet?. couch ; no • deal-
':¦"»».;¦ 71- Waller :'et.'« : ,-,''"•,':¦•.¦-.• •'.-> ¦ ; -
FURNiTUUE . Wanted." ••" v :/'
L. AND L. Auction Co."," 1059-61' Mission; phone
¦ Jessie 1ST1; spot casli for furniture, .etc. '¦.,
A. WOLLPERT,' 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
,.V buys,- rents,' repalre; packs, furniture,- carpets. : ;
; HELP WAXTED— 3IALE— -Coa. 1
i 155 COAL ~ YOUR OREGON
155 MINERS. FARE OREGON
REPAID.
GREAT MINING SYNDICATE IN OREGON.
MURRAY & REA-Df-. ti^t-^<t Clay st. .
BIG BATCH OF JOBS. ¦¦ _ 1
On Midnight Mall. Telegraph and Phone.
LOOK CAREFULLY. .-..'..
Carriage trimmer, Merced County. $» day.
U boys, learn upholstering trade, cwy," $» '
week. ¦¦-." .
Helper, dlnlns-room. Government Job, ¥S
and found. ... ; - ; *
t;ardener. millionaire's residence, fare 51. JCO-
First -and second cooks, springs hotel, bess
h*re, $195, ..¦•-•" -. - — --
Gardener, institution, free fare. $:u»-and W. -j
Watchman,, lumber company, fare $3 opt »-< '-*
a day. ' , ¦ . - •
Blacksmith and two helpers, city camp. $50
and" fju and "found. " . • . •• . • *^ ,-
Blacksmith, Monterey County. $3 a day.
Second butcher, city hotel, $5t>. and found.
- Head tree f alter, fare. $-'.. ; $5Q and found.
Second tree fallef^fare- $2. $40 and found. .*
12 laborers. -J* hours a day;-$2.ad*ijf. -•¦-¦*
2 boys, 'learn carriage painting. -$£ to 13 a
week. -.-"..; " 'V i"» : .'
Cook and wife, sawmill, Oregon, free fare.
3. handy men r .few tools, mills tn Oregon, rre« j
fa«e. . , . , ' . \. . .,
aO'laborers. Santa Clara, free tare.- ,
¦ 3 milkers. San Jose, $C5 and found.. .' ,'.' r*i
Hustler, fare 30c. J-Ji> and found; stableman.
city. $es. ., - ;; .. ¦ ' r.., .
2 brick molders, boss here,, fare 50c, $3. 50 •
day. ,. - . . . . .... ' .,_ . '
Porter* 'beer. hall. $20 and- found: carriage
" painter. $55 and ft-und: stableman, city camp.
*.J5 and found; baker's helper on caJccs. $«U>
and found. ¦ ¦. ¦ • .- ¦¦ '."¦ • -j-- 1
Walter, mining town. $35 and, found. .
Cook and dishwasher. Monterey. County, $70
and found. • , . -. - - ,.
OREGON—FREE FARE- : .
26 woeds and mill men, 5.S to tSO. and fd.
.*>•> woods and mill, laborers. Eureka, $40 fd.
Foreman, tunnel men. for Butte.' j
!< tunnel men for Butte. «" —
Blacksmith, free fare. Ukiah, camp Job, $00.
Buggy washer, city, good stable, -$75.
.'! machinists, wine company, fare $3 50. $40
and found. • ¦ - . ••
Machinists. 10c fare, $0 50 day. -
Cook. 7 men. ranch. 75c fare. $30 and found.,
Track layer for large mine company, $3 day.
Blacksmith. Butte County. ¦ - .
* 2 miners, a muckers. -$><a 5O and $60. fare $1.'
;: wco4choppers for min«. fare ft. ft SO cord.
35 laborers, board in hotels.- 14 miles. '$€&
25 laborers, board ! in hotels,' 14'- miles,
$«7 5O. -•¦•.:-;•• ;
25 thinglc and bott makers, free fare, $35 fd.
£0 handy men about steatn hoist, board your-,
self. $ts7 50. - • '
Cranesman. steam shovel. i $75 and found.
Blacksmith, mining company. $<VJ 50 and M.
Blacksmith, also helper, shop, Monterey Co.
Machine men- fnr drifting mine, sottth. $75 fd.
- FREE FARE TO-DAY. ¦ \
10 good timber men for resetting lumber la
tunnel, $75. -¦.-'"• " - "
12 four-hors* teamsters,' fa^e $2, $73. "j*.-'~-
Truckman, also blacksmith ami planer "man,
country, sawmill, free fare, $15, ¥30. and $50
and found; bobs here. - .
2 machinists, one lather, - one -planer hand,
sawmill, free fare. $50 and. found. • . •
Plasterer. $5 50 a day. .:
Header wagon driver, fare 50c. $40 and fd. .
Cook. 15 men. sawmill, $45 and found.
" teamsters, sawmill company. $35 and found.
Farmer an.l wife. Shasta County, boss here,
1 $50 and found.
NEW JOB AT MINE. -
5 muckers.. $80; 5 miners. $73; fate. $1. \- -.¦
Shingls Jointer, Sonoma Co.. $.15 and found.
Head lineman, lum eo.. south, fare pd, $75 fd
Car tender, south lum co-.. fare paid. $«5 f d
Chute builder, south, lum. co., fare pd, $55 fd»
Cake baker, south. No. 1 Job. $55 found.
2 xoung men. city mills.- $1.30 a day.
Dishwashers, waiters, porters 'or springs, $U0,
«<?. ?»3O and- fcund. -
Helper on cakes. clty^$."JO and. found. _C--»
Clerk, general merchandise, store, fare $3.
*50 to ?70.
j • Farmer and wife, Modesto... $30' and found.
Man run refrigerator plant, gas engine, coua-
try Joo. boss here. $40 and found. ¦
Blacksmith, ranch. $- day and found. ¦
By midnight. MURRAY ft READT.
Wire and Mail. - ¦ KU-6SC Clay st.
$1 FEE— THAT'S ALL.
THATS ALL— $1 FEC.
FREE FARE TO YOU ALL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OWN WORK— Section and extra gangs, all
over the State, including San Luts Obtspo
and Santa Barbara divisions. Ship Morning,
Noon and Nisht. ¦ . :
Laborers, etc.. all Fare Free — Come and »e«.
MURRAY & READY. <S4 and KtC Clay at.
! YOUR KA RE PAID
TO 69 SAWMILLS AND WOODS
IN 4 STATES AND 2 TERRITORIES.
LOCATED— Including all parts of California.
5 Manager* .are at- our office to-day — Sea
them. 5C3 men wanted.
R. R. FARE FREE. ' TUOLUMNE CO.
55 laborers, sawmill and woods, you'll suit,
$co.
YOUR FARE PAID
TO SAWMILLS. WOODS.
2S6 laborers, located everywhere, you'll suit;
no experience required. $-15, $40. $50, $B0 and
found; also 184 woodsmen, millmen of every
description frcm stampers to engineers, coma
see. up to $175 a month: head .and second
chain tenders, OREGON.. FREE. FARE, $5*'.
$75 found, boys here; ex teamsters. $40 found;
- rip sawyer. $3 50 day; band sawyer shaper.
$4 day. and S bench men.' $-1 day: wood turn-
er. $4 day; log barker. $53 found: chute build-
er, $55 found: 3 sticker" hands. $4 day.
TOGETHER -" '
YOU CAN GO NORTH.
3 head Dolbeer loggers, $0O; second circular
saw flier and millwright. $3 50 daj| 4- spool
tenders, $C0; 2 log loaders, $63; > buckers,
$60: 2 pond men. $2 25 day; 2 lumber graders,
53 day; 20 laborers to pile lumber. $60: bund
sawyer, $150; 4 two-horse teamsters, 560.
NIGHT CREW.
Oiler, $2 25 day: green lumber grader. $2 50
day: hog deck man. $2 day: setter. $3 a day:
carriage dogger. *2 25 a day ; offbearer. $2 25
day; hogman. $2 day: edgerman;- $3 day;
edgerman's helper. S2 day; slab sawyers, $2».
day; trimmers. $2 50 a day;. second trimmer,
$2 day; fireman. 92 25 day.- . • • .
Board, etc., on above jobs, $13 month; over-
time wages paid.
Hundreds of other Sawmill and Woods Men.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay at.
TAKE THESE. ' -
12 laborers, board yourselves, 10c fare*
$67 50.
14 laborers,' city factory. IT'S GOOD. $2 25
day.
16 laborers, section, sawmill company, they
are good. $30 and found.
123 laborers, teamsters.- to Butte, $75. fee $1.
—ALSO- A -
339 laborers for all classes of work, located
everywhere. " buildings, excavating, factories,
mills, etc.. $2, ?2 25, $2 5O day and round;
come, see. ¦ * . ."''*•'
05 teamsters, different places, city and coua-
try, ?2 25 day. '¦ '•-
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
" 1 m
GOING HAYING? '
¦ GOING HARVESTING? X
GOING FRUIT PICKING r
2S6 haymakers, located everywhere. :.far«~
from eoc. ofnee. fee $1. wages $1 5O a- day
and found ; no Sunday work. - "
- 2t> hay field men, mowers, etc.. $40 and found.
365 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $33 fd.
OS milkers, different localities. $25. $4© fd.
16 butter and cheese makers, $40. $50 found.
23 ranch teamsters,- 4 horse?. $40 and found.
2<i chore men and boys. $35- ta $15 and found.
$1 fee. That's all. $1 fee. That's ell. $l<Mw
MEN AND.WTVES.
Farmer and wife. 50c fare, $7O *n& found.
15 men and wives for farn>3. orchards, mir.e*.
private places, etc.. $50. $tfO and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY. BAKERY. BUTCHER
¦ AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
69 cooks, seme second, third hands, for ho-
tels boarding-houses, camps, mines, ranches,
hay* harvest crews, saloons, nurveyln* out-
flt sawmills, cafes, etc. $80. $70. $6O, $5O.
$40* $3O and found: chief cook, of fleers' mess,
mine *6O: 27 waiter*. located everywhere,
$50. ?4t>. ?30 and found. , - _
46 pot and dish washers, etc.. $35 to $20 and
found- 10 bell, elevator boys: porters, pantry,
class and silver boys and men. $03.. $30 and
$15- and found; 5 bedmakers, city. $30.
12 laundryraen, washers, starchere, distribu-
ters. ? 18 week. - ' •*'-'
1« boys to learn trades..
Stenographer, hotel,: male or female,. country,
$40 and ?5O and found.' ¦/
Mine chiereook. $70. .„" . ,
Dlahwasher. ranch. $1 far^ «23 and found.
4 waltersr resorts. $30, $55 and found. "
For hundreds of other positions we publish a
free bulletin of labor daily.
1002 W« Gave MURRAY & READT.
45.000 Men Work. 634-«36 Clay st.
CIVIL service Government posltUuw — Examina-
tion* socn; hundreds Whom we prepare are
annually appointed;- catalogue of Information
free. Columbian Correspondence College.
Washington: *D. C. -'.-•.: •-.¦"
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers Jo tick signs,
distribute ctrcnlara. samples,., etc.;, no can-
vauslng; good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau.
Chicago. - • " • j ' ¦ ¦¦¦•-• •»<'-.
STRONG boy wanted to help in blacksmith .
shop. .4322' Mission st. '..,¦.'. . . ¦'."
A— HOTEIi GAZETTE. SW'Montgomery. rm. li
Vssistant i-anto-man, $30: colored; waiters.
$32; chef. $73; bellboys. $13.- r r .'
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced:. Jewelry
salesman: state reference and salary expected.
Apply auperint*ndenfs office. The Emporium.
\ YOUNG man. reliable, eriera-etle. experi-
enced bookkeeper, to- take a oositlon. nsar
FoJjom. Cat.; applicant* must furnish first-
clasa recommendation^ : good chance for rlsht
man. Box J 339. Call ofnee. ' • , - . •• ' "
WANTED— Youns man with. 1 experience in
keeping stock: imrst.havi* reference. ¦ .-Apply
HOLM A 512 Market »t: .
DETECTIVES — Every: locality: eood salary; '
experience - unnecessary.- '- International De-
i-*tR«tlv* Agency, Milwaukee, Wis. . -. .. A $t
TRAVELING salesman, for California . to* sell
. retail 'trade; attractive^ salable liner entAb-
llshed blsh-rated h.ou»e. Box ; 17. - Detroit.
Mich. V --• • : " ¦ -- v
For Additional Classified Ad verti»»- ..
ments See; Page 4 .." '
i CHURCH SERVICES. _
CENTRAL Church tMethodist. Episcopal. Mis?
sion St., between Sixth and Seventh— Pa?-
t"»re. Arthur ' 11.- Brlgss and Herbert FV
Brlggs. . u::M a. m: Bunday-school, Rolla-V.
Watt, super Jntehdent. 11 a. 111.. fcrmcii by
Anhur H. Brlgfis on U10 subject. "EsFf-nttal
Methodism.". Music: Anthem, j "Jubilate
Deo" (Garrett): tenor solo "Cone'.der the
LllUs" (Phelps). Mr. Horace Hanna. C:15
P. m.. Societies of Christian Endeavor. 7:30
!». m., concert." Programme: Msdley. "Patri-
oUc Airs" . (Beyeri. 'orchestra; soprano
1 solo. "Ave" Maria" tMascasnl), with violin
j cbltrato. Mrs.R. H. Robb; overture. "Lust-
1 ej.lel" tKela Bela). orcheffra; Ir.o, violin,
'celloand organ "Liebesgarten"' . (Schumann),
Messrs. Robscn. Gwynn and Hu'band; bass
solo. "Save Thou My Soul" (Eyves), Mr.
Harry II. Barnhart; recessional. "March Mil-
itaire" j(Schubert). orchestra. S I>. m.. ser-
mon by Herbert F. Brlggs. the t<n.le being
"Seme Elements of Patriotism." The soats
• are free and the people are welcome.
CALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
California and Broderick fitrcet3— "The
Pleasure* of Life" wil! be the subject of
- the sermon by Rev.. Clarence Reed at 11 a.
• m. "The Larger Meaning of the Fourth of
July" will be the subject at 7:-i5 y. m. Sun-
day-school 9:45 a. m. E-iwoiUi Lasue «:45
j p. ra. J. H. 'Hallow-ell, organist and chorister.
' Strangers are especially Invited to the ler-
I \iceg. " —
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
fhurch. »x>rner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. tn. fcivetunz topic.
"The Making ot a Citizen/' Music by cho-
rus choir under "the direction uf Mr. L _••
Blake. Snnday-?chool at l_,:30 p. -in., C. H.
Perkins, superintendent. Epwortli league
at 8:45 p. in.. I^r. R. O. Moody, president.
ATT TTIINITT— The Market-Street Methodist
Church, corner loth ft., Castro st. car" line.
John A. B. Wilton, pastor. The celebrated
blind sfngem of Philadelphia will sing in tfc«
evening. "Then and Now" will be the pas-
tor's theme: his thirty-fifth ministerial an-
niversary. 11 a. m., "Wonls that Shook the
World." Offertory eun«; by the sweet sacred
ecng soprano soloist, Helen Heathy
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Call-
; fornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. George G.-^El*
dretlR*. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Sunday-
school at U:45 a. tn. Christian Endeavor So-
ciety vacation prayer meeting Wednesday ev-
ening at S o'clock. .
j CALVARY Prejbyterlan Church, corner of
\ I Jackson and Fillmore streets — Rev. John
Hemphill. D. 1)., pastor. Morning service at
11 o'clock; sermon topic, "The Influence of
Creed upon Conduct." Evening service at
7:45 o'clock; sermon tonic, "The Uizht Use
of Society." Sabbat h-achool at !>;'>0 a. mui
orchestral music. Christian, Endttvor meet?
ing at 0:30 j>. ro. Prayer meeting Wednes-
day n-enins at *s o'clock. All are cordially
invited.
FIRST Presbyterian .Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrle. pastor. Morning service 11 o'clock,
preacher Rev. W. K. «_uthrie. Evening ser-
vice 7:45 o'clock. Miss Lucy Lauey. from
the South, will speak on "The Colored Race
Problem. ' Sabbath-sthool l_:.t<» p. m.
Christian Endeavor U:15 p. m. Wednesday.
8 11. m., midweek service. Friday 8 p. m.
> regular meeting Men's Club. All are cor-
dially invited.
j FIRST CONGREGATKfcN'AL CHURCH, ctrner
Poft and Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams.
D.D.. pastor, will pr*ach. At 11 a. CO.. topic.
"How Shall We Escape?" Reception of mem-
bers «nd Hcly Communion. At 7:45 p. m..
"A National- Service"; ti>ecial mutlc by the
choir. Samuel D. Mayer. organiFt and djrec-
' tor; sermon by the pastor, topic. "The
; Strength of the Hills." All are cordially in-
vlttd.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Pott St.. rear Webster.— Rev. I. C. Meserve.
D. D.. pastor. Morning worship at 11 a. m.
! During the month of July the evening ser-
! vice will be hsld at 7:20. Rev. Chas. • C.
] Kirtland will prearh. his piorning theme be-
I ing "The Influence of Thought Upon Ufe."
! and his evening to-iic, "The Fourth of
July. Whet It Stands For." The Sunday
school u:etts at »:30 a. m.. th* C. E. Society
at 6:30 p. m. The people are welcome lo all
the services of this church.
THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, 15th
st.. rear Mission.— During July the pulpi:
will be sur:>lied by Rev. George H. DeKay.
Morning. "Penlel." Kvenlng, "A Message
fro.n an Ancient Optimist."
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, .'?20 Eddy St.—
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.. by
Rev. I5r. T. Edwin Brown of Philadelphia.
on "Christian Sympathy" in the morning,
and on "A Christian Nation the . World's
Need" in the evening, a patriotic service.
Mr. and Mrs. Baker, the blind evangelists oC
Philadelphia, will gin* at the morning ser-
vice. Bible school at 12:.TO. Y. I*. S. C. E. at
V:'M. Prayer ireetlng- Wednesday at 7:45 p.
m. Seats free and all invited.
TRINITY Church. But 1 * and -Gough sta.— Rev.
F. W. Clampett. D. D.. rector. Holy com-
munion. 7:30 and 11 a. m.; Sunday-school,
t»:3rt *. m.; morning service and holy com-
munion, II o'clock; evening prayer, 4 o'clock. '
You are cordially Invited."
UNITARIAN CHURCH ISECOND). corner
Twentieth and Capp sts. — Rev." Jay William
Hudson, nitnister. The church and Sunday
school will reopen, after the regular summer
vacation, on next Sunday. July 12. when the
minister will preach at the morning sen-ice.
11 o'clock. The Sunday school is -.at U:40
o'clock.
4 GREAT service for men to-day at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi-
torium. Mason and Ellis, sts.. at 3 o'clock.
Captain Ufford of Massachusetts, author of
"Throw Out the Life-line." will give one
of his unique services and will sing the sons
and illustrate . it by life-saving . devices .
operated from the platform. -Seats free and
all men invited. •
ASSEMBLY Hall. ' 217 Fulton St.. near Van
Ness ave. and McAllister st. (two block*
west of City Hall) — Mr. William Mag3wan
of Belfast. Ireland, will preach th« Gospel
this Sunday evening at 7:45 o'clock. Meet-
ings on Wednesday and Thursday evening?
at came hour and place. All are heartily
invited. ' ;
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutler St.. btt. Kearny and Grant
ave. -^-Christian Science, service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Life." Sunday
school for children" at the • same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock:
free reading-rcom 206' Kearny st.. rooms
509-510: all are welcome. :>
THE TheOiOihlcal Society. San Francisco :
Branch, headquarters. Odd Fellows' build-
ing—Public lecture at S p. m. by Dr. Jerome
A. Anderson. Subject. "The Proofs of Rein-
< carnation." Lotus group. 11 a. m. Study
class. Thurtday. 2:30 p. m. ¦
THEOSOPHICAL Society. Golden Gate Lodge ;
Free public lectures every Sunday. 8 p. :
m Flood building SC8 Market st. Subject
to-night "Karma, the Law of Retribution,"
by Mr W. L. Ducey. Open discussion meet-
ings Saturdays. & P. m. Library and read-
ing-room open dally 1 to 4 p. m.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
SEVENTH ANNUAL LECTURE
COURSE.
Dr J Depew —crgan.wlll resume his Sunday
evening lectures this evening. Crystal Hall,
Pythian Castle, &09 Market tt.; subject, "The
Story of Gtrm Life." magnificently Illustrated ;
on ecreen fourteen feet square with mammoth
microscope; free tickets will be distributed for
X-Ray exhiblUon at Sanitarium Tuesday even-
Ing: remember the question box; gpeclal music.
DR W R. PRICE, cf international fame as an
orator, author, scientist- and philosopher, lec-
tures under the auspices of the Psychic Re-
search Society this evening, 8 o'clock. Me-
morial Hall, Odd Fellows' bldg.; subject,
"Diseases," with psychological demonstra-
tstrattong. All seats free. ¦¦ ',
DR PAYNE'S special feature at Golden Gate
(train hall). t25 Sutter St.; at 8 o'clock; mur.
der trial and.ccurtroom scene by hypnotized
subjects: 10c, reserved seats, 25c.
"DESTRUCTION cf the Heavens and Earth
Foretold." a lecture given by the Chrletadel-
phlan Society, Union-square Hall. 421 Post
st, at 11 a. m.; Beats fr£c.« no collection.
MRS. ELIZABETH DEUREES of the Los An-
Bfeles School of Metaphysics will lecture this J
evening in Golden Gate Hall at H o'clock
sharp: subject, "The, Fount of .Perpetual
Youth"; admission free. . . . *
DR. COLLINGE. great Canadian orator. Gold-
en Gate Hall this evening. Subject. "Love."
Admission 10c. ¦ -
THE only living lady hynotist. Golden Gale
Hall. «i25 Sutter St.: 10c and 25c.
«IEI£TIK3S-— SUNDAY.
MRS. STODDARD'S seance*. 10c; startling
t«kt* to each person; Sun., Tucs.; sittings
dally. 278 Ninth et. - ¦ < __^_
KATIE HEUSSMANN, removed, will hold a
greeting circle Tuesday ev. for pupils, jia-,
trons and friends; sittings daily: test circle
_ Friday eve.. 25e. 1000 Harrtson st.. cor. Cth.
JOHN SLATER, the peerlets medium, will
hold test seance to-night. 8:15 sharp. Lower
Hall. 117 Larkln gt.; questions answered.
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night, 8 o'clock. 3250 Twenty-second et.,
between Mission and Valencia; 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 -McAllister— Mr*. C. J.
Meyer; git, dally; test circle every night; .10c.
TESTS. Front Hall. 000 Market; 2 and 7:30;
Mrs.Gllllngham.' Mrs.Toblag. Mr. Wilson: IQc.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown. "Pay
L*cy." Odd FellowsVbldg.. » p. m.; music. :
MRS. ALICE.TQBIA8. 1223 Market st.-r-Clrcles
Tuesdays and Frldays.8 p. rn.; readings' daily.
W. G. KEEGAN holds atwt meeting to-night,
10c; sittings. 10. to 12 and 1 to 6. ; ;
A BRANCH rfneo for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 109 J
\a!enc!a st. ; .. ?< - , - - -The ancient tanner paid an expert hizh
wages to guess at the contents of his
hides .when sold by measure. To-day 'an
unskilled workman hands the trrezular
shaped pieces to a little machine that
looks something like a table wUh a dou
ble top. which, quicker than the mind ot
the exjJert jould guess It. reckons with
exactness the square contents In both tt»
metric and standard systex^ - f
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rebecca Evans (Clillds). widow, to Charles,
O. Ev?.ns and Harriet L. Estey. lot on NE
line of Seventeenth street. 7$, g E of N ,
nue. SE 25 by NE 100. block 93. Clinton. Kast
Oakland: al*> all interest In estate of Solon
Evans (recorded July 2. KXtt); *10.
Charles O. Evans and Harriet L. Estey
(wife of J. C.) to Minnie U Wohlhuter(Tviff
of J. F->. undivided half interest In s»Z
East Oakland (recorded July 2. 190K); $ t0 * '
Henry C. Morris to Henry F. and Em'ogene
E. Xxmrsey. lot on NW line of Tenth street
24:lV<24Vi) Eof Center. E 2t:« by S ion
being E portion .of tot 1. block 333. man of
Eighth-street Tract. Oakland; 110. p
Eliza Emontne or Emogene E. and H*n™
E. Dempsey to Frederick W. WUIe. lot on NW
line of Tenth street. 24:1% E of Center k 24 •«
by N-1C0. portion of lot I. block W8 man of
Eighth-street Tract. Oakland; $10!^ P c£
Jeannie K. and M. Lobner to . Walter an*
Marguerite Turner, lot on N Une of ' Cherry
street. 200 E of. Canning, E 73 by n lrm'V?
11. and W half of. lot 12. block Q. mma tin ¦•
of Roberts ft Wolfskin Tract. Oakland" 14V> "
.William H. and Frances Mickln'aon to
MANY USES MADE.
OF OLD TIN CANS
Worked Over Into Weights for Elt
vators, Window Sashes
and Such. ' ' '
¦ I was much surprised and greatly In
terested a few days since when shown
through a certain establishment near Ne'er
York city to find that the "raw material"
used consisted chiefly of cmpty'frult and
vegetable cans 'rescued by the cart load
from the dumps of the city. I had sup
posed, up to that time, that the only pur
poses for which such material was suited
was food for goats or to be attached to
the tails of unfortunate canines. The
principal products of this establishment,
which Is a foundry, are window-sash
weights, elevator weights and ballast for
boats. The weight castings are very hard,
and when struck with a hammer ring Ilka
steel. About the only tool which can bo
¦used for removing sprues and flns Is th«
hammer, as a cold chisel or flla will not
stand up to the work. The fracture of the
round sash weights Is smooth, and shows
crystals radiating from the center llk»
spokes of a wheel.
After delivery at the foundry the cans
are first piled into a large iron grating lo
cated under a sheet-iron hood which ter
minates in a smokestack. They are
sprinkled liberally with crude ell. which
is set on fire. This process consumes the
labels, loosens the dirt and melts the
solder, which falls through the grating, la
collected, washed and melted, cast Into
Ingots and sold to be used again. Some of
the cans, which have simply l.;rp<"d and
soldered joints, melt apart completely.
These arc sorted out and the sheets' form
ing the sliell are straightened and bound
into bundles to be sold to trunk makers,
who utilize them for protecting the cor
ners of Saratoga trunks. Thev are also
bought by button manufacturers, who
stamp from them the disks used In cloth
covered buttons. -The remainder of the
cans, being machine made. «!o net come
apart. These are loaded Into large carts,
taken to the charging floor on an eleva
tor and dumped into the cupola. The
cupola is fed with coke and cans in alter
nation. .....
There Is occasionally an old wash boiler
or a bundle ot tin roonns: used, but cans
/orm the bulk of the material. The. cans
are so light that some, of .them are car
ried out at the top of the stack by the
force of the blast, and a large screen has
been arranged to prevent the pieces from
falling on the roof. If among these read
ers of the American Machinist to whom
these facts are. new there are any who
have occasion to use the elevators In the
skyscrapers of New York I can imagine
such . wondering how many en;pty cans
it took to make the, weights which balanc*
the car In which they rlde.-Araerican
Machinist.
$10
Caloise X. and t;uy C. Calden to nnif, lot
on S corner of Koseoale and Hose strejta, Ste;
100' by SW 13o, lots 1. 2 and £>. blovk ll, maw
of FItchburg Homestead lots. Brooklyn Town
ship; also lot on NW line of Henry street, 15o
SW of Rudsdalc. SW &0 i>y NW 10O, lot x.
block 11. same map, Brooklyn Township; alto
lot on E corner of Mlna and Rudsdale str-ets
NE :>3i> by SE 2W. lots ?1 to 4N. block 1. map
reaubfllviston of townslte of Fitchburg. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
W. r. Helmkamp (single) to Daniel C. ani
Agre« W II. A. Thomsen. lot on NW corner
of Plxth street and Channlng way. W J»l ty
N 100. lots 15 »ik1 ltf, block 12t>. Rajmon-i
Tract. Berkeley: 12200s.
George H. and Mary A. Makinson tq Mt«s
Brtha and Mrs. AUen C. Wright (equa>
shares;, let on N line of Hillgard avenue, 123
K of Eucli^ K 60 by N 125. lot 7. block 15,
Daley's Scente Park, Berkeley; flO.
Frank M. and Eva S. May (wife) to Howar-1
C White, lot on E line of Walnut street, dis
tant from S boundary line of Eunice (Durant>
ISO, S 60 by E 134:7, twins S U of lot 3. bloc*
II. property ot Berkeley Villa Association.
BerkHey; *10. ,
Ftfd Nelson and J<t53i* II. Dalanoy (wife)
and7Edwln A. and Mary A. Randlett (wife;
to Mrs. Fannie Bowen <wl4ow). lot B. In «ib
dlvislon IS. map of Alameda Park Homesteau.
Alam-cla: $ia
Mary Mazzinl (widow) to Karl. Gujtav ari
Sarah L. J. Schwartzs. lot on S lln- of Jackson
street, 15O:l W of Mound. "W 5» by S 58:01,.
portion of lots 14 to IS. block 84, map of Ala
meda by Stratton, Alameda: |1'>. ¦ ¦. *
William H. and Caroline E. HaUh (wife) to
A. E. Waters, lot beginning at point on W
line of county road from Hayward to Castra
Valley, distant NE 113.332 from tta intersec
tion with N line of Ruby street, said point be*
inie NE corn?r of land conveyed to M- A.
Vlelra, 711 D. 239. thence along said lln* cf
said road NE 230.039. NW 122.80. BW 213 47
SE 231.80. SE 134.178 to beginning; *elns X
portion of lot 11. block K. map of Knot Tract.
properties of MIIo and William Knox adjacent
to Haywards, Eden Township; also deed mad*
to correct 801 D. 3M between same parties;
$10. \
A. E. and Mary I* "Waters (wire) to Joha
J. Curley, same; $10.
Henry P. Smith to Harriet H. Crafts (wtf»
of H.). lot on SE line of Vernon street. 260 X
from NE corner of Santa Rosa avenue NE M
by SE 132, block F. Stanford Tract. Oakland:
*J0.
Fannie J. Reding <Whitney> (wife of TVil
llam) to Jam«i P. Baldwin, lot on 3E lln* nf
Orange street. 363.15 SW of Perry. SW 40 SB
110.27. NE 47:02. NW 120. lot 7 and portion
of lot 6, block L, map of Flint Tract No. 2
portion of Oakland Heights. Oaktand: also lot
on SE line of Orans* street. 417.13 SW of Ter
ry. SW 44.72. SE 119. 73. SE MS. 7*. NE 44. 7»
NW 110.27. lot 8 block L. same map. Oakland;
Virginia Ft. and L«xrl» M. Duncan to Klo
trlda W. MaienoTTski (wife of S. P.> lots 25
and 26. block A. mao subdivision of portion or
wm 1^ 1 ' . A '» E a , n(1 F ' """"^ ma P of Prospect
Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township- $10.
Stacy W. and Carrie H. Oibbs to Daniel T..
Saunders. lota 1 to 8 and 27, block A Stan-
I ord .X!? et - °a k 'and. subject to deed of trust
, lor ?G00; ?10.
1 W. j. and Eunice V. Sohaner to Frank .T.
Taylor, lot on N line of B«nton »tr«t. :«? w
of Occidental. M 133. W 51. S 137. E 44:8. lot
Jb and portion of lot 15. block P. Paradls*
fl*00- |^ land - ""oJect 'o deed of trust for
5 - « • f" d Ells:ab « th I>- Heron and Myron T.
and Marlon B. Holcomb to William J. Speers.
lot on S line of Thirteenth street. 50 E of
Madison. E 60 by 3 100. block 168, Oakland;
J. . B. Overton to Mrs. Delia Commons, lot on
N line of Eighteenth street. 4W> W of Tele
grapb avenue. K r.7:ti by N U.S. lot IB and W
half of lot IS. Campbell Tract, ttokland: *J0.
John and Mary It. Kelly to Frank J. Tay-
I^"i' ol ot ,.? n . N J ln( * of East *-<?hteenth utretrt.
«iSI.2* W of Fourth av»nue. W r.O. N to SW
corner of lot 2::. E .T2. 8 13& portion of lot .".
block B, Peralta Heights. East Oakland; lift.
Harry St. L. and Blanche S. Farr to Serena
•A. Downing, beginning at SE corner of lot
B of C. H. Taylor'* •uh.IH l.ilmi of lot* 1 and 2.
block P. Peralta H^lTht.«. W 7:8, N 130
S 130.25. Kast Oakland: $10.
Charles II. and-Wtlhtlmlna Taylor to Man-r
St. !«. and Blanche S». Farr. lot beginning at
SE corner of lot A. etc., thenre W 10 N
152:6. — S 154.S2. East Oakland; $10.
Robert W. W. and Mary J. E. Cryan to n.
McFadden, lot on NE line of East Twelfth,
street. 125 SE of Fifteenth avenue. SE 25 by
NK 140. lot 6. block U, Sun Antonio, East
Oakland: Sift.
R. McFadden to n. J. Mullen same. East
Oakland: $10.
Hannah E. McMulIen (wife of D. J.> tn
Margaret E. Dwyer <nlngle>. lot on N lln* of
Alcatraz avenue. 1S5.SO W of Its Intersection
with line dividing Vicente Peralta reservation
and plat 51. V. and D. Peralta Rancho. sail
beginning point belnff also distant 135.80 TV
from SW corner of I^orln Villa Tract, thenc*
along N line of Alcatraz avenue SW 70 NW
2-H.fiO. NE 70. SE 240. portion of plat 51.
Rancho V*. and D. Peralta. Berkeley: 110.
Home Building Company «corporation) ti>
Dalste W. Reese (wife of Fred I.). W DO feet
of lot* 11 to n. map Forest Park Tract, Brook
lyn Township: $lft.
Realty Syndicate (corporatton). lot 4. map II.
Ker£^ wkiow) and Annie *¦ »*«J I * B «
(I fiurch) to \ *¦ Cornwall, lot beginning at *
&tal in center of Twenty-nrst av.n u< U« >,
MV of intersection o? said center • line «¦•«> *»*»
line of Kast Twelith street, thence NVt £
right angles to ...id c*n««f n •«»' ° r E ", 'VweTftta
aii.i wirallel with *ald line of East jweinu
street until It intersects NB line of rl gut ot
WaVo' Central Hacttic Railroad Company.
th*nceSE to center liiv- ot Iw-nty-rtm *vv
nJe If K NK »»""« ££* Vo 1-. °"
ginning, block «. map of s "7«y „ JVri ?
Survey town lint- and made trom note-* ..f
St N T^Ma^llt'H. Cornea., to Standard
Realty" and iMsvelopmcnt Company (a corpora
'T.Ve^sa'm'e. k>u I to «. block S. map or
San Antonio, etc.. East Oakland; 110.
Same to Oakland Realty and Investment
Company. 5 acres beginning at most N ccrner
of 11 acres formerly conveyed t.> Seth B. Ma
loon leo D. ."fW. thence S>E ::.»-a chain*. s\.
13.17 chains to center of Arroyo Vlgr> then. «
SW 2.1U chains, SW ::.ol chains. NW l.:.u
chains NE 1S.22 chains to beginning portion
aforesaid 14-acre tract. Byooklyn Township;
THE SAjST FHA^CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JULY 5, 11)03.
42
'-^STOCKS' AND! BONDS^ FOR MALE.
STOCK bargains— San ' Pedro. 21: Cracker-
Oregon 24)^Golconda. IT* Cracker jack, 14;
Turnagaln Arm, . 10V£. SHOLTO " D.
ROGERS. Milwaukee Wls. _'_
TY PE \VR I TERS^AN D^WPIil ES^^
GREAtTeARGAINS IN TYPEWRlTERS^We
eell better machines for less money than any
house i,, the city; rental* $3. The Typewriter
Exchange,' 630 California: telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ • • •
"D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In* pec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
36 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
- DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CATn^OR^LT^Safe*'Depcsir and Trust Com-
pany, corner California and Montgomery sts.
—For the six months ending June 3». 190J,
d'vldends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
' follows. -: On term deposits at the rate of
• 3 0-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable en and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1303. Dividends uncalled
for are added to th? principal after July 1,
1003. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, fifth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market st.. opposite Third— For
the half year ending 30th of June, 1903. a
¦ dividend has been declared at Um rate per
annum of twelve (12) per cent on capital
stock and participating certificates, free of
taxes, oayable on and after WEDNESDAY,
July 1st. 1903.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
¦ St. — The board of directors declared a divi-
dend for the term ending June SO. 1903. at
the rate of three and one-quarter (Sit) p«r
cent per annum on all deposits, free of
taxes*, and payable on and after July 1. 1903.
• Dividends not called for are added to and
bear th* same rat« of dividend as th* prtncl-
' pal trom and after July 1, 1903.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 55. of Fifty
cents (60c) per share on - the issued capital
stork of the Company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the Company, roonns 202,
204. 200 Hayward Bldg., San Francisco, on
July 10th, 1003. Transfer books close July
3rd, at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary. »
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery et.. Mills Building.' For the
half year ending June 30, 1903, dividends up-
en all deposits at the rate of three and one-
fifth (3 1-5) per cent per annum, free o?
tsxe», will be payable en and after July 1,
1903. FRED W. RAY. Secretary.
DIVIDKND NOTICE— French Savings Bank.
315 Montgomery st. For the half year end-
ing June 30, 1903. a dividend has been de-
clared at the ' rate of three and one-eighth
(3}s,) per cent per annum on all deposits
. fr«e of taxes; payable on and after Wednes-
day. July 1. 10OTJ. CHARLES CARPY, Prea-
_ldent: LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary. ;
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
BRENNAN, decease* — Notice |« hereby
given by the undersigned, administratrix of
the estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
bavin-? claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after- the first publica-
tion of this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of A. F. ST. SURE, room No.
1203, Claus Spreckels bulldln?, Sun Fran-
cisco, California, which said office the un-
dersigned selects as her place of business in
all matters r-onnected with said estate of .T
HARRY BRENNAN, deceased. CATH-
ERINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
the Estate of J. HARRT BRENNAN, de-
ceased. Dated San Francisco, July 3, 1903.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for Estate, Claui
Spreckels building. 8an Francljca.
. BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.'
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b» handed
in nt either of the publication offices and be
Iridorrcd with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have th; same published.
BOKN.
GOLDSMITH— In this city, June 29.' 1903. to
the wife of Seymour Goldsmith, a daughter.
HOCKENBERRY— In this city. June 10. 1903,
to the wife of C. Hockenberry. a son.
LAYDON— In this city, June 28. 1003, to the
wife of Darby Laydon, a daughter.
McCOFtMICK— In this city, July 3. 1903. to the
wife of Edward McCormlck, a daughter.
MIBACH— In this city. July 2. 190S. to the
wife of Mathlaw Mlbach, a daughter.
PEDERSKN— In this city, July 4. 1003, to the
- wife of M. Pedersen. a son.
RUMSEY — In this city. June 29, 1903. to the
wife of E. II. Rums;-, a son.
WHORFF— In this city, June 26. 1903. to the
.wife of FV E. Whorff, a son.
ZINKAND— In this city, June 24, 1903, to the
wife of F. J. Zlnkand. a daughter. -
— _ _ MARRIEI)
HYLE— KNIGHT— Ui this city. July 3. 1903.
by the Rev* Arthur H. Brlggs, Laurence D.
• Hyle and Ida D. Knight, both of San Fran-
cisco.
LEWIS— GODFREY— In this city. July 3, 190.1.
by the Rev. Freeman D. Bovard. E. Floyd
Lewis and Ethel F. Godfrey,' both of Los An-
geles.
REID— BAUER— In this city. July 2. 1903, by
the Rev. Dr.- John A. B. Wilson, pastor of
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church. Wil-
liam John Reid and Louise Adallne' Bauer,
both of ; San Francisco.
WARNER— CRANDALL— In this city, July 4.
1IIO3, by tne Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,-
Frank V Warner of San Francisco and Frances
Ann Crandall of Westport, Mendoclno County.
YORK— HILLIKER— In this city, July 4, 1903.
by the Rev. John Stephens. William N. York
of Woodland. Call, and Grade M. Htlllker of
San Francisco.
™-______ ______
Agard, George E. • . Gibson,, Oren B.
Aiken, Robert ; Haines. Edward E.
Baird. Capt. A. M. Hall. Earl V.
Carlson, John Houston. John .
•*¦ Cuneo. .Lulgl Keogh, Ruth
Cutting. Comfort Lagorio. Leopold
Dean, Mrs. J. W. Levy, Rosalia- .
Desmond. Hannah C. IfcCormlck (Infant)
. Devlnc. John Mangair. Daniel
T>lckln.v)n. James K. Matteucci, Felice
Driscoll. Margaret Ney. Mm. O. F.
Klsenliauer, Marge- O'Connor, George H.
rette . Olson. August
Fanning, Ellzabtth Smiddy, Mary E.
Foley. Hannah
AGARD— In this city. July 2. 10CC, George
Edward Agard. a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, aged 72 years.
C5" Friends and acquaintances ure respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at Mh-
Bonlc TemDle. corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspice.! of Fidelity Lodge
fNo. 120, F. and A. M. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 ToweH street, near corner of Post. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
AIKEN— In Oakland, July 4. 10fC. Robert, be-
loved husband of Emily Alken. and father of
Anna. Emrrn, Ella, Robert C. Nelson P.
and Arthur J. Alken. a native of New York,
aged s'i years nntl.tl months.
BAIRD— Entered Into rest, July 3. 1P03, Cap-
tain A. M. Balrd. beloved husband of Cath-
erine Baird. and father of Mrs. C. H. Gil-
man, a native of Illinois, aged «^ years. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U.
W.. «n<l George M. Thomas Po«t. G. A. R.
t?*The funeral will take place to-day
(Suntlajrt. at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
- McFaddttn, . McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cyprees Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
•o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. '
OFFICERS and members of Harmony Lodge
No. 'P. A. O. U. W.. are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Captain A. M. Balrd. to-day (Sunday),
at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
C McCLELLAN. M. W^
C. S. PENN. Recorder.
CARLSQN— In- this city. July 4, 1903. John,
dearly beloved husband of Louise Carlson, a
¦ native of Sweden, aged 30 years V month and
21 days. ¦-¦' ¦ - -..¦¦,: . ¦ .:.
| NEAREST THe'cITY T
I OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. f
HENRY J. CALL ACHE R CO.
' iSuccessors to ' Flannagan & ¦' Gallaxher.i
. • DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M-r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
\'iS) Fifth i>t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
(tEMOVCD TO HEW STOitr.-*
* UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
'• — Funeral Directors and Embalmeri
.".' ¦' Formerly. in Metropolitan Tempi*. -
Now at S6t> MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between - Fourth, and Fifth, near Fifth st_
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. ' Henry hiuaiu.
- JAMES McGINN & CO.. ¦ I
.' Formerly With McGinn Bros., I
:* Funeial Directors , and Embalraers - I
214 . Eddy st. : T*L South 576. I
F. J. Monahan, President. -,
IYiONAHAN & CO.,
-¦¦*.-. • ", V. .. (Inc.).: . ;.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission *U Telephone Mission 31.
I~J .™°J?!£ F<i !i? hopse kee ri?tc:
! A NEW apartment house: furnished and un-
i furnished rooms; new management; elevator;
U liot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
•AT Mayflower- cut rates now for summer. 008
'• 3d Et. ; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
; BUCHANAN. (KM — Two pleasant housekeeping
• feiyooHn: gas range; albo alcove suite, complete.
¦CENTRAL ave., 62, near Halght— 3 large
sunny rooms, including kitchen, complete for'
housekeeping; references; no children. ' '¦ ¦ f
ELEVENTH. 1C6— a or S sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping. '
ELLIS, CGI— Three nicely furnished, sunny
; housekeeping rooms; bath: phone. ¦ . *
FOLBOM. 525 — Large sunny furnished ¦ room
light housekeeping. $1 50 weekly. i
HERBERT (The)— Sunny apartments for j
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly lur-
nUhcd. 1830 Polk at. ' ¦
HOWARD, IOCS— 2 sunny, completely lurnlshed
connecting housekeeping rooms. -
HYDE, 412— Nice, sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping;, also single rooms.
KBARNT;. lot— Z unfurnished sunny rooms,
120; no children. -
LINDEN ave.. ."82— Two nice, sunny house-
keeping: rooms; cheap. ' . __
MINNA. 073 near Seventh— Large front room
with sunny yard and kitchen: also fron:
room for light housekeeping. |
MISSION. 661. near Second— Large front room,
suitable for two; also -two housekeeping
rooms, furnished. *
OAK. Jll— Tv.-o nice, punny housekeepinf
rooms; also single; gas, bath.
SIXTH. 119A— 2 connecting lunny rooms for
housekeeping. , * ' j
SIXTH. I231J— Sunny front rcom for .. light
housekeeping; also. others; reasonable.
STOCKTON. 1200 — Model housekeeping rooms;
newly furnished; free gas late; t>unny; ?ii
to $12 month. , . ~ .
TWENTY-FIRST, 3267— Two furnished rooms;
bay window. Apply S71 Lexington ave.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements Ind
¦Aibscripttons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - ' .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vntnrm.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL, ~~
'THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWN TOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
- LIGHTS;. STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $2 60 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. . .
A 6EVENOAKS HOTEL
COR. BUSH AND TAYLOR STS
.SAN FRANCISCO
MRS. NELLIE HALSEY J. R. FOSTER
NEW AND MODERN FIRST-CLASS RESI-
DENTIAL & TRANSIENT HOTEL: SUNNY
ROOMS. .WITH PRIVATE BATHS; LONG-
DISTANCE TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM; ENTIRE HOUSE HEATED BY
STEAM; ELECTRIC ELEVATORS.
A . . HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA
HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA
53(1 GEARY ST.
530 GEARY ST..
..NEAR TAYLOR ST.— PHONE EAST 981..
Contains 100 large sunny rooms, single and
en suite; also bathroom suites: electric lights;
electric elevator; steam heated: European
plan; flr«t-class service; moderate - rates;
phene In every room.
A. A.— - .,"'.
.. City Room ' Renting Agency.
»1027'/, Market et. Phone Mint 1008
FREE ..... .FREE
; We locate you free of charge
.' In Rooms with or without beard,
I : •¦ Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK ST., 4 DOORS >FROM
MARKET; 230 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 76c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
. ' RATES BY THE MONTH. _^
A. ......... . . . . ASHWORTH
220 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE
1 ..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
I SUN IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
2Gc to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms ; open ail night.
AT "Th* Almonte," 872 ' Market - st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.)— Rooms, 25c, 00c. $1. $1 60 night;
. $1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
. ..bath: running ,wet«>r;jreference3. 8S9 Post St.
BUCHANAN, . I53o. ; near. Geary— Nice, sunny
rcoms, s f urn. ; $5, $8,'$8 rco.; genta preferred.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1304)— Fur-
'nlshed rooms, suites, • single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD— 204 Bills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished »unny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 722 — Newly furnished r sunny rooms;
en suite or single. '
EIGHTH. 10i-i — A furnished bedroom and
kitchen adjoining. . • ' '•
FIFTH. 119.. second flat — Nice furnished small
front room.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $1. 80 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 641 Sixth— Beautifully
. furnished; rooms elngle or en suite;. $1 per
week up.
MARKET, 1344. opp. Seventh — Sunny furnished
rooms; central; convenient.
MILLBRAE House, 359 O'Farrell— New man
agement; let cla;s. J. Collln, late of Avandel.
NINTH, 72— Bay-window front rcom: also sin-
gle room. $tf 60 upward; gents preferred.'
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished loom* ¦ and
offices; elevator; ejec. lights; day. week, 'mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 30c to $1 50; -week, $2
to $S; month, *3 to $30; elevator on ground
.floor: rooms with hot snd cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 16.11— One large, furnished front room
with private bell and telephone.
TURK. 416. Regina — Beautiful sunny suites &
single; latest Impts; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market
— 4C0 single and family rooms; £5c to $1
night; $1 78 to $0 week; elevator: electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
buites; double & single rms.; terms moderate.
VAN NKSS.-OU — Large, sunny rooms: reason-
able; lawn, yard and. storeroom; adults; prl-
vate family.. Tel. Polk 3293.
VAN NESS. 1021— Large, sunny rocrn; large
closets; suitable for two; reasonable; other
rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St.. n»i»r Market—
Most convenierit and respectable: 700 rooms;
38c to $160 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights: rnadlng-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for'Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established j at 109B
Valencia Ft. V *
kOONS WANTED.
BY slnsrlf** gentleman, furnished parlor, bed-
room and bath, or large bedroom and bath:
located not over 4 or 5 blocks from Union
wquare. ¦¦ Box 2,'2-t. Call. ¦' ¦ \ --¦.-¦¦
ROOMS AND HOARD.
A— AIRL1E HALL.
1603 FRANKLIN ST.." SW. COR. PINE ST.
TLEASANTLY SITUATED.- SELECT
BOARD. FOR LADIES.
"Young ladies froni out of. town who wish to
pursue their studies In the city will find ex-
cellent accMtmmodat'ns & care: refs. required.
11IS3 K. D. FORBES. 1605 FRANKLIN ST.
AMOY. THE ' 001 DEVISADERO ST.
. Strictly first-class family hotel: sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards;' steam heat.
VAN NESS. 171 4— Select private boarding-
, house; rooms single or. en suite;. desirable lo-
cation;, all conveniences of home..
GOLDEN GATE ave.. .1224 — Large sunny front
room with board; running water, bath; prl-
. vate family; tel. Etelner 5620. > .
GUERRERO. 114, , near Market— Sunny bay-
window front rooms.. with board; home cook-
' • ing; reasonable. . • _ '.¦¦ -^
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex.- 807 California st. — Attractive in-
terior; exceptional table;, free billiard-room.
SUNNY furnished rsoms with board. $5 week;
¦ private, family;, gas. bath. S27- Mission at.
THE JOHNSON. 003 . O'Farrell st.— Sunny
-suites and single rooms, -with board; refs.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
., received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions *¦ has been . established at * 1096
Valencia et. ¦'- "• ¦¦¦'¦•¦ •
SEWINP" MACHINES AND . gUPPLIBS
$19 CO drop- head oak, guaranteed: second-hand.
j 99 to 913: some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange. 933 Mkt.
St.. bet. Bth and flthfphone South 433; eleva-
tor; branch. 28fl Geary st.;. phone Main 750.
"AUTOMATIC"- and ether makes at cut rates;
' reduction on rents and repairs; bought and
"-exchanged. Phone Jessie 3136. 146 Slxtbit.
LOST A\n FOL'MJ.
LOST — Gold fcluf enain?led -watch: gold, leaves
on back; with a blue enameled fleur-de-lis
pin; Monday. June 2:». going from 313."! Wash-
ington ft. to Hlternla LJank. thence to I'm-
R«r"s. Ucturn to above address or phons
Scott- 231T2; i-er.-ard.
1 j LOST— Whit* bull terrier: thought to have fol-
lowed 3 men and dog from 22d ave. Return
to 112 19th ave., Richmond district; reward.
LOST — In Oakland, a purse containing 55 green-
back. 4 diamond ring-?: S50 reward. Ileturn
to 1221 Linden St.. Oakland.
LIHERAL reward for return of diamond lost
from W2S Eddy *t.
. LOST — Ilostoii terrier; white nnd brlndle;
J ii«n)» Kudae: reward. Return 2524 Brcadway.
I IT will pay to "Remembsr" that the California
' Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
cold ard ellver to make new watoh cases.
MEPICAI,.
Y'ALl-'EAU'S iemale pills; best regulating pills
sold: -price $2 M) by express. Pacteur's eyr-
ir.se and tablets; price $'i 50. Uy express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ERS. wholesale aruggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS. UK. WYKTH. specialist for all female
complaints: lectant relief guaranteed; 3D
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. DK. KOHL, reliable specialist tor all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are «ick or
in trouble consult this rpecialitt on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cares treat-
' ed: advire free. Office. 1018 Market sL
j DR. ROSEN. 2UU5 FolBom, cor. 2tJth— Ladle*'
exclusive office and home where relief Is ob-
tained In all cases taken; consultation free.
ilKS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Rehabte ladies'
i specialist: a private borne before and during
j confinement; b»«t medical care: low fees.
1 MATERNITY Villa: strictly private. MRS.
DR. R'NKE. 1410 Eighth St.. Alameda.
mtTsnd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS,
original method-of treatment. 1120 Market st.
j Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Nes"» — Expert
j in obstetrics, lemale comp.: 25 yrs exper'nee.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell St.. opposite
-Union square: all diisenses cured by lierbe.
MISCELLAXEOtS — FOR SALE.
BATTERY of 2 bothsn, 00 in. by 10 ft., with
drum suck, fronts, fittings, bars, etc., cojti-
plete $u75
1 2 5x5 double marine engines complete, ready
10 ran <llnk mutlcnl ?2f<>
75 H.P. firebox boiler, complete $::00
*L"4 H.P. Baxter steam engine and boiler.. Hi)
HK~» light dynamo, complete $90
2 1 '- H.P. V estlnghouse motor ?5r> ,
v\oth:n-;ton fire j.ump (large) WOO
SO H.P. noiler and eng.ne.' oomplet?. . . . . .$-"00
3xi I»x3 Wcrthlr.jrtcn pump $2(J
« H.I', boiler and engine, complete $125
Dster jii|..e machine, cuts 1 In. to 4 in. . . .$1."">O I
1 X L pipe machine, outs l i in. to 2 In $50
standard oil drilling rig $.V»
4« in. by l<j ft receiver <160
45 In. by 12 ft. receiver $12."i
4s In. by K It. receiver
2 5x5 double hoist engines $200
*uW ft. ."5 in. casing, per foot 1.V 1
43C0 ft. 4 In. rasing, per foot 21c'
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y. <X>.. I30-1S2 Beale Rt. j
liOlLEUS. engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH i WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont «t.
ALI> our goods delivered en first payment; you '
can buy from ui diamond?, watches. Jewelry. '
seaigiclnt. j.en's tailor-made clothing, trunk;,
tuit cases, on a very small weekly payment; '•
no Interest charged: It will pay you to ex- !
amine our goods and prices; established 1S5U.
LICHTEXSTEIN BROS.. 2. r . Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elatertte: in rolls easy to lay:
! needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin cr ehlngles: best for new roofi. ¦
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St. j
| . __ _.
] FOR Fair— Parties leaving city; $. - 130 uprighl |
piano, $145; $15U mahogany combination bed
and Davenport. $45; new $«0 combination
coal and gas> steel range. $J8; chairs, beds,
pictures, eto. 1724 Fell st.
> ONE Dow pura-i, 10-inrh steam cylinder. 12-
j inch water cylinder. 21-inch stroke. Apply
', at enz-in? room. Fair building. Pine St.. near ;
Sansome.
! CRICKS fcr sale, cleaned and delivered In
| Alam»da. Oakland or Berkeley; also fire
j brick: send orders by mail to J. H. YOUNG
1243 Park st.. Alameda.
j ¦
j SsECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engine?,
: pumps, water pipe, bought, gold, rested and
I exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S.WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale st.
j A — FINK BUitf. 57 Oo; drtr*n pants. *2 5O. UrlR-
} inal Misttt Clothing Parlors, XIH Kearny st..
, near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
i A— 53 00 DEHBT and ledora hats, $1 75. Pop-
j ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pir.e; open till 'J p. m. Sunday to noon.
' A— BUYS, sell or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
• CALIFORNIA a-miT bicycle to tradr for wood- I
working machinery: as good as new. Box
| HCS*. Call offic*-.
j FOR pair — Showcase? and counters. Apply
; 22th) Fillmer".
SLOT machines; fine lot; cheap; alfio placed on
oomniiFsion. I50S Seventh «st.. Oakland.
MOVING picture Him and eong slides, 10J
Montgomery et.
SAFKS — New and eecond-band. K. B. BUCK
&. CO.. 122 Market st.
Ail bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. roattressea.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edleon phonographs, records, . supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
BOILERS, engines,puraps.plpe.bel.ing,shaftln«- j
: pulleys, etc. SUGARMAN BROS..S43 Howard.
i GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFEE — New and second -band. THE HE It"
. MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters- ail
makes. ALEXANDER fc CO.. 110 Montg y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
IB rages, in wrapper, fo- mailing. $1 p«r year.
1
j M I SCE LI, A\EOU S WAJVTS.
WANTED— Old pictures of" G^gT~WashingT I
; ton, Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc ; high- I
ett prices paid; send nnme of engraver and 1
publisher on picture: by mall only. GEO
L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter st.. San Francisco!
T7LTON ¦ wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 9tli st.: tel. Jessie 2X51.
S5O00 WORTH cast-oft clothing wanted; highest
pr;c» paid. S22 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MlfRPlfy] ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
j Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of tents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estate* and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. '
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE.' 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46
Market st.. tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses... without
security: ea«y payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrctt bldg.
A — 1 per cent on funlture or piano; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: *25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK, 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
. people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Thetan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearti and precious stones bought
at W. J. HEBTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Et.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. C60 Hayes at.
GOOD names: 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. '. 302 Montgomery St., rm. 16.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. TRE3JAIN, room 81. ti Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. H. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
j STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans nionev to
| salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bids.
BIOAEY WANTED.
WANTED- $7000 on $U,0C0 worth of "san
Francibco business property' at (iW per cent
Interest: paid monthly. Box Ifrsij. Call.'
jUFFXCEB AKD STOKES r TO LBT.
SANSOME. 712,- near 'Jackson— Handsome,
large store to let cheap. .. ¦ . .......
• STORE with basement, below Kearny at.. 110..
! Owner. C36 Clay it
HELP WA>TED~M^LE--Oiin.
IACIF1C EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5V0 Sacramento Ft.
Our Office Closed To-day (Sunday*.
\\"fc;-h for our ads In to-morrow (Monday's)
tjaper*: you'll find the Job you want; jutt
iook carefully.
Come snd cet s list of jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEXCT.
»*>^r,m,ntost.
C. R. HANSEN" 4- <"0 429 - Bush ?t.
Office ODen from 10 to 12.
URGENT.
2 rtabien:rn for country hot*). $35 and found;
ihird (.-ook. $40; :s dishwasher?. ?*0: yard-
man. $30; farr paid for all. C. R. HANSE.N*
& CO., 41"J Bush et.
WAXTKD— Limited number of energ.-sUc r.ien
ft unquestioned refutation to act as sales-
men of our quarter-acre Pasadena Villa
Tract lots for M down and fi i*t month
until paid for; no interest, no taxPs: must
b» able to turnlah references as to honesty
snd fcobrieiv. our lots are unquestionably
« good investment. We are now selling at
*7l«. but Hi* price will ixin be raised to $100.
Th» new Pasadena Phort Line, th? Monrovia
and Alhambra elrotrlc railways now run
from our tract to the business center of Lo»
Angeles City in only 15 minutes: such rapid
transit is bound to tnak* our quarter-acre
\i::« lot* son im-11 for over J3OO. Two mow
• >ctric linrs will soon run through th» tract.
We guarantee 1*5 per cert increase. For f*
'low n end $4 per month until paid for we s»!l
« regular PASADENA VILLA TRACT LOT.
full *i;.e. .VhilSO faet. facing on KO-foot ave-
nue, »=ub.ie;-t to the following guarantees from
us: If et the expiration of one year from
percteM this $70 lo« is not worth J87 50 — or
ner cent increase, based on the price at
r.hirh o«r conjs cf talesmen -will then be
j"-lllng similar lot«. we wi!l refund all of the
money paid us. with « p»r cent Interest ad-
ditional. If purvhasfr should die at any
urn* before itavmenui have been completed
r.e will cive to his heir* a d*ed of th? lot
r.ithout further <ost. If he should lose em-
flovment or be sick he will not forfeit the
lanfl. Among :li» purchasers «!<• the foilir-
•:ig Ipsoingr cHIzte: H. E. .Huntineton, vie*
pre»!dent of the Southern Pacific R. R. Co.;
L. T. Uarrispy. prfsldent of the Las Angeies
and r>don.1o Railway 1*0. ; TV. II. Carlson.
*>\--J". S. Special <'ommirsloner of Railroads
>>f < uha : Haird Bros., wholesale commission
merchants: J. O. Estudlllo. ex-State Treas-
urer of California: F. H. Dixon. ex-State
Harbor Commissioner: I>r. William Dods*.
Dr. J. r. Cowlrs and others. Send check!*
«-r money ordf-rs to us to secire lots, and for
further information or for pc6ltlon «•
man call rt- address
CAR! SON INVnSTMFXT CO..
114 S. Broadway. Los Angeles. Cal.
A— DrFHWAFIIER for first-class hot?l. Lak*
Tahoe $.'U> and found. <"all this morning a:
MISS PLirNKETT'E 425 Sutter et.. ne«r
Powell.
WANTED —^tate managers, eleven Statf*. by
tt.nOO.OGO corjxratlon; c-ommisslcns $."000 to
l> 15.000 yearly: *2uO rrquir^d: etate cxperier.ee.
present income, territory- Affiliated Bu-
1-ea.uc Association. Valparaiso. Ind.
WANTED — Hoys Trcm 13 to 15 years cf age.
Apply l)et-neen 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
TRY our men's shoes, union made, st $1 pair:
'oct-form fclioe* at $2 V); »t -pay express or
n-.ail charges. II Third st.. E1.3rr.ir.er bid*.
I MEK and wotiirji to copy letters at home: w*etfc«
!r payments; no <-an\assine. EVERETT
«¦<"».. T\ O. b"x 245-'5. Kan Tranche". <"a!.
WANTED — four n-.rn 10 (""11 soap from ad\er-
MEing n-afo.t. Apply Monday. 7 :3f» a. m..
Fiernmer's Livery. Uih A- Franklin. Oakland,
BOY t'» learn j'lurnbinc; some experience in
electric work prefetred. Box 2526, Call.
WANTEl" — H»ad waiter at Nev- Goldfn Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth et.
MEN wanted, to clean brick. AppH- Third ave..
bet. Tenth «nd Eleventh sts.. Esst Oakland.
MAN Tilth reference* for commercial traveler
to rn merchants and agents: experience
r.ct required: salary fH per week. *ith ex-
l>ens»t advanced. National. C32 Dearborn
n.. Chicago.
X3T our men's ehoe?. unicn made, at $1 pair:
foot-fcrm thoes at $2 W): we pay « xpress or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Exarn'.rer bldg.
WANTED — Several persors of good characte.-
in each State fcr house of good standing:
¦atarr $20 cash weekly, with 'expense xnon^y
advanced. Colonial. Caxton Bid*.. Chicago.
WANTED — Laborer*, drillers, rocktcen axid
it ugh carpenters for ditch and fiume work.
Apply at office, PlacerTill*. Cal.. or room 14,
2<J Montgomery it.. Ean Franciico Ccsitruc-
1 Icn Co.
WANTED— Steady, reliable Ircnworker. famil-
iar with all els««>es if architectural iron-
work: «tea<Jy work for right man. Address
Hullders' Iron Work*. Stockton. Cal.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful snd
¦very profitable outing for ir.en. women and
• hrdren. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
12ORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. Sin Krancleco.
THY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form 6hoes «t S2 5<>; we Day <-ypre««- or
mail gfiarges. n Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Elderly man: light woodwork and
. polishing. Bex 1031. Call office.
WANTED— Solicitors cf ability: pood pay. Call
ti(W Adams building. Sutter and Kearny its.
BAUVER ehep for sale cheap. 751 Mission
rt-. near Third.
WANTED- Men to learn barber trade: cata-
Jccue. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
50 QITARRYMEN. 10 rock drillers. $2 and $2 25
' a da; . 230 Montgomery st-. room 51.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-bod-
ied, unmarried men. between 21 "and 35; good
character; muet speak, read and write Eng-
Ijth; marines serve at sea on men-ef-war in
all parts of the world, on land In our island
pemefsiens, and at naval stations in the
i;r.:te4 Elates. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis «t.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 H N. Main
•t.. Los Angeles. CaL. and 401 K st., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made at $1 pet
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 to or orthopedic
• hoee. $3 60; be*t shoes on earth. 11 Third
•t.. Examiner building. S doors from Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
uulcfUf and full particulars mailed free.
. Moler System Barber College. 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
niiiS Denver House, 217 Third it.; 150 large
room*: 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
TRY our men's eboes. union made, at $1 pair;
?cot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovel; 14th are.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
666 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; eo!ing rli-cp. 923 Howard St., nr. Otl:.
PENSION atty. E. A. Uullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Pait Com. Geo.H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes. Eltghtly damaged, half-
price. &63 Mission St.. bet. lat and 2d sts.
<JET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
- to &0c. 6(3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d tit.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading roomt;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
HORSES AND WAGOX9.
C-SPRING business Ajm ggy; in good condition;
<-he*p. 141 Nineteenth ave., nMr California
St.. Richmond district.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows tcr sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY, Gon-
zalee. Monterey Co.. CsX
ON a vt-ount of going to build, entire atock or
'¦¦a.'ons. buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner l&th and Valencia iu.
RARE chame; 7 gocd horft-s; mutt be cold.
227 f-iatth st.
*>'OR e*l« — Zn bead milch cowt. JOHN 6K-
CREST. Stockton. Cal.
AI EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
»nd rocart ft-*r sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Horse about." years <->ld: weight
between 1200 snd 1300; gentle ard sound
Adcre»t Box 2517. Call.
ZAZA8 WANTED. ~
WANTED— To lease hall or high, large' ba*e-
tnent. J. CRKVKN. 1213 Oolden «J«te ave.
HOUSKS TO LB'f.
A — PRINTED list of bouses to let: send for
circular. G.H.*CMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
CASTRO. 609 — 9 room*: . sunny; bath; base-
ment: laid; key et 807.
EEFORE moving get our printed lict of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post ft.
BOUSES FIRXISHEIJ— FOR SALE.
LLr.UANT new flat, 10 rooms: a snap; no
agenU. Box 1909. Ca'l office. .
-• LIVFKY hTAHLES. ~~
Vlvery~stables. 57-53-«l Minni
»t.. bet. lit and "i — Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rmtet Xor strascera. Telephone Main 153.
BITJSICAI. INSTRUMENTS. J
A PATRIOTIC BARGAIN IN USED PIANOS—
Woodworth upright practice piano $50
Weber square .'. J;9
Stolnway & Sons' square ....73
Soh'.ner & Co. sauare • 100
Tiffany & Co. upright ••• 123
Hemme & Long v.alnut case 150
Hamilton oak , case .......£200
Colby oak case "¦ — ?59
I^cster mahogany oase........ 2To
Byron Mauzy mahogany case .......... S25
Sohmer & Co. mahogany case -*0O
Pianola piano player '50
Ceclltan piano player 200
'Electric pianos on hand.
Easy terms if desired.
BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post ft.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
nccount of summer season for June. July: -
3.Chlckerlng *&8. *97, $185
2 Kmerson ....$85. $115
2 Heine .$235. $385
2 Stelnway, small & large upr'.ght.$183 u $S85
New pianos from ....$137 up
i'6 Squares from ~^ '.$15 up
Piano Players, $90 up; rents reduced ; to $2
up. apply on purchase; Installment*, one-
tenth down, -two years to - pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2;*5-237 Geary St.; tel.
Main 571J. - - ¦ ¦-', •---¦¦:.
I STEIN WAY upright, left by private party.
j $165; great bargain. 237 Geary st. ;
BARGAINS! BARGAINS'. BARGAINS!
A good piano; good for practice........! 85 ;
On- a little batter; a snap. 120
Standard; oak case; splendid order 140
(Sterling: mahogany case: $150 atyle.... 240
Vote; walnut case: fine condition........ 235
Vo>»; mahogany cate; fine condition... . 245:
New pianos, manufacturers' sample?, in
mahogany and walnut: guaranteed...... 185,
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st. j
No Branches in San Francisco.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you 'secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods ¦ and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
1 BAND Instrument ¦; F. Besson, Paris, maker: !
Gua Main-aid. Agt. Par. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing: 2d-hand instruments told.
' MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-cedaI upright piano
at srett loss; leaving city. 020 O'Farrell «t.'
BARGAIN; good upright: must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. - ;
SOHUEK, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil Ian piana
i player. BYRON MAUZY. &38-312 Po»t »t.
SUPERIOR violins. Eithers. old. and new. , H.
i MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.—
Stcck. Everett. Lndwlg and other good pianos.
Oil. LA.\DS.
10 ACRES choice oil land. =i mile Discovery
well Kern River. $76 per acre; Vi cash: 2J
wells In 1 mile; section 2. township 29. -range
28; Immense bargain. Rm. 8C. Chronicle fcld.
I'ERSOXALS.
WE would like to put a copy ot The Advertis-
ing World Into the hands of every i^eison who
keeps any kind of a store; e\-ery newspaper
man, every advertising writer, every person
Interested in business of any kind; we 6«nd
sample copies free on request. a:id the paper
usually makes friends for itself at Ih.-t sight.
It Isn't made to be pretty, but to be helpful — |
and Itj circulation of 23.000 (bisiceet of its
class In the world) shows that It is helpful.
May we have your address? The Advertising
World. Columbus, O'.:io.
ABSOLUTELY, but one way to permanently re- ,
move cuuerfluous hair, the electric needle, as
scientifically operated at my dermatologies I j
parlors: waits, moles, broken capillaries and all 1
facial blemishes successfully treated; ag«ncy ;
for Mre. Gervise Graham's fine cosmetics. Mr*.
1. BARRETT- WILSON. Dermatologist. Calla-
ghan M'ijr.. Market & Jones:Phone Folsom 35G7. <
ATTENTION! Graphophone and Phonograph
users — To introduce our newest process mold-
ed records we are Instituting a special pre-
mium ec PI petition; v<Tlte or call for particu-
lats and ask aicu* our new language records '
in French. Gcrrr.sn. Spanish and Italian.
Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary st.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity o-
medicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILHAMS.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; in-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
epondence strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
envelope; call or writ's to-day. India Drug
Curt-, 201 Turk st. ; Bruce D. Kimmls, Mgr. .
THE Star H&lr Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth: stops falllnr.-.cures dandruff
and itching ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. StarRemedyCo..385 Geary.
HAIR growing and microbes are swindle*^.
Send stamp for "Cau«e ¦ and Cure"; treat"!
yourself for gray falling hair, scalp trouble*. ' i
KUESTER. the Hair Doctor, 113- Franklin ;
st.. Oakland. Established. ISC8. ¦ . '
ItAG carpets wove to order ajid for sale; also !
chenille-wove rugp. silk portieres; dealer In j
rarpet twitv. In hank or chain, at lowest 1
ratps. Geo. Matthews. 7C0 Fifth ft.. Oakland. |
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of |
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlng-machlne of . to-day. - j. j
W. EVAN'S, agent. 1021 Market st. . |
PHYSICIAN. 16 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter Ft.: fee moderate.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
IAMS CO., 140 Geary st., S. F.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday cveninze at Teutonia Hall, Howara
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket *t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
X — t HAVE nothing- new to tell you. Hope to
sr* you soon. Am v»ry well. Y.
10 <TS. ; specimen copy Scientific Marriage.
Address Scientific Marriage, 2C9 Kearny st.
DR. G. S. MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restcier:
cure for all disease* of scalp. 332 O'Farrell si.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles perm, removed
by electric needle. Mis* Dudley. 1702 Market.
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Cr,.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles ha lrd reusing, 25c: hair goods; manl-.
curing 25e. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE milt $7 BO: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair nnd moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.AMrs.Traverse,1170Markeu-
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 llkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
halr to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mies Eaton, lilt) Sutter.
¦ i
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks, j
Wash.. June S, I!H>3. — Sealed proposal*, in I
triplicate, will be received hereiuntll 11* aft I
rn.. J.uly 7, 10U3. and then opened, for the j
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., I
of a hospital. .For full information, plans I
and specifications apply to this office. : U. S.-i
reserves the right to r«\Ject or accept any or
all proposals or «ny part thereof. Envelopes
containing proposals should bi marked: "Pro-
posals for Construction of Hospital at Van-
¦ couver Barrack*. Wash.," and addressed F.
H. HATHAWAY, C. Q. M.
rAPEKHANGIKO. PA1XTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3«l st.: tel. Main 413,
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Oflu and residence,
1021*4 Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WON G HIM. - herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-1 IT Mason; ' now lo-
- rated at 607 Geary St.. nmr Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Pa
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases ot human
by use of herbs and teas. ' 727 Washington st. "-
BLOOD, skin and rectal dlTjaees a, specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market rt.- ¦
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herw. 74<M> Clay st-
. SPEClALISim. ,--..-'* ¦¦.-;.•¦¦¦¦
CATARRH. DEAFNEsTano r NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new rneth :0; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngbanv, 204 Sutter st. .
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, "t^e. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Bi)Iy st. . . •
STORAGU AND WAIiEHOUSEV
A^S'mPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnUureT
' household goods stored; moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard at.; near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage t Moving Co.; of-
- flee Post and Powell 'str.; tel. Priv. Es. 1 671.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture I and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West" Storage; 'adTan<*es made; 8-10,
Mission st.; tel. Howard 943. ,Fh,W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore it.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery j
St.; tel. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
CHEAPEST and best in Amorlca— The Weekly
• Call. 16 pases, sent to ai>cr address In 1 th*
United •. Stat*« - or . Canada 1 oae year for $1.
postage paid- !• , .
CUNEO— In . this city. Julr 3. wrR - Lulgl.
clearly beloved husband of Maria Cuneo.
' father of Joseph, Paul. Mamie and the late
Charles Cuneo and Mrs; Delia Fessler. and
brother of Charles Cuneo, a native of Itaiy^
aged »'•" years 8 months and 13 days.
GZ? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July «!. 19f«. at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1DC0 Powelt street, near Owen
wlch. thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, where at 10:3O o'clock a requiem
high mass will be -celebrated for the repo***
of his soul, thence to 42.1 Broadway, where
funeral will leave at 1 o'clock to Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CUTTING— In this city. July 2. 10O5. Comfort,
beloved child of Francis R. and Llssette A.
Cutting, a native of California, aged 4 years
j 8 months and 4 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral s*rv1ces
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents. 23C0 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
DEAN— In Sacramento. July 3. 1903. at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. C S. Glllman.
Mrj. Janette Wllcox Dean, wife of R. R.
Dean, and mother of E. N. Dean. Mrs. C.
5. Glllman of Sacramento and the late S. C.
Dean.
reinterment private at Oakland. Cal.
No flowers.
DESMOND— In this city. Hannah Cecelia Des-
mond, beloved daughter of Timothy and
Julia Desmond, and sister of Mary M.. Ella
B. and Timothy J. Desmond, a native 0/ San
Francisco, aged 9 months and 13 days.
DEVINE — In this city, July 3. 1903, John Dc-
vlne, beloved brother of Mrs. Ann Crelghton.
a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 70
years.
(CTrlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. Aun Crelghton. 927 Folscm
street, thenc* to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
Tuesday, July 7. st St. Patrick's Church,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are In-
vited to attend.
DICKINSON— In Oakland. July 4. 1903. James
K., beloved husband of Annie Dickinson, and
unc.e of Leonard and Fred F. DlcMnson, a
. native of Ohio, aged 44 years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
DRISCOLL— In this city. July 2. 1003. Mar-
garet Kelly, widow of Timothy Driscoll,
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Mary A. Hol-
land and Mrs. Belle McNamara. sister of
Mrs. Julia McCarthy, and grandmother of
Victor Holland and Gladys. Aloyslus and
Justin ilcNamara. a native of Kenneigh,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTFrlends of the family are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral Monday. July
6. at 9 o'clock, from her late residence, 12:)
Capp street, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. . commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EISENHAL'ER- In this city. July 2... 1903,
Margerette Elsenhauer, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 73 years 6 months and 19
days.
CTFuneral to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from her late residence. 1107 Clay street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
FANNING— In this city, July 3. 1903. Eliza-
beth Gladys, beloved wife of Edward F.
Fanning, mother of Frank Curtis, and sister
of Mrs. Albert Anthony of Sydney. N. S. W..
a native of New HamDshlre. aged 37 years.
lt7Funeral services to-day «3unday>. at '1
o'clock, at the chapel of N. Gray A Co.. 33a
Sutter street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Members of San Francisco Typographi-
cal Union No. 21 please take notice.
FOLEY— In thJa city. July 3, 1903. Hannah
Foley, nister-ln-law of Patrick Cunningham,
and aunt of T. J. Cunningham, a native of
Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland, ag*d 6tf
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem'tery.
GIBSON— In this city. July 3. 1903. Oren B.
Gibson, beloved father of Orrn E., Herbert
L.. Edward L. and A. Bruce Gibson and
Mrs. M. E. McCoy, a native of Maine, aged
SO years and 3 months.
ET Friends and acquaintances aTe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
HaLited & Co.. 016 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAINES— In Berkeley, July 1. 1903. Edward
E. Halnes. dearly beloved son of Frank W.
and Josephine Halnes, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 24 years 2 months and >> days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
July 5, 11)03, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SO32 Grove street. Berkeley. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
HALL— In this city, July 3, 1903. Earl V..
beloved husband of Suale Hall, and father of .
Alma Hall, a native of Iowa, aged 32 years
3 months and 4 days.
IT7Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Remains to
t*» shipped to Bishop, Inyo County. Cal.
HOUSTON— In this city, July 3. 1300. John,
beloved son of Mrs. E. Houston, and brother
of Mrs. David Marx, a native of Troy, N.
T.. aged 40 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Eagles' Hall.
731 Market street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Golden Gate Aerie
No. «1. F. O. E. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
Henry J. Gallagher. Undertaking Company.
yjO Fifth street.
TO the officers snd members of Golden Gate
Aerie No. HI, F. O. E. : You are requested
to assemble at Eagles' Hall. 731 JtarMBt
street, to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
John ¦ Houston. By order of our worthy
president. E. C. LAWS.
C. A. WESTCOTH. Secretary.
KEOGH— In this city, July 4. 1903. Rutn
Keogh. beloved infant daughter of John and
Lucia Keogh. .and sister of James and Eva
K>ogh. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 0 months and 14 days.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
July 6. 11)03. at 10 o'clock, by carriages,
from the residence of her parents, 128 San
Carlos avenue, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth streets. Interment private.
LAGORIO — In this city. July 4. 1903. Leo-
pold, dearly beloved .son of I<ouls and Au-
rora Lagorio. brother of I>!o. Eddie. Er-
mlnla, Reginald and Irene Lagotio. and be-
loved nephew of Mrs. Allla Bertuccl, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 12 years and 17
days.
LEVY.— In this city. July 4, 1903. Rosalia, be-
loved wife of , L. A- Levy, and mother of
Mrs. Leopold MIch*!s. a native of Alsace,
aged 73 years.
- C^Notlce of funeral in Monday morning's
papers.
McCORMICK — In this city. July 3. 1903. In-
fant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Mc-
Cormlck.
MANGAN— In this city. July 4. 1903. Daniel
Mangan. a native of Ireland, aged 45 years
7 months and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inv!t*d to attend the funeral cervices
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors
of VaWte. Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. "
THE funeral detail of the Rlggera* and Steve-
dores" I'nlon Association, commencing with
' Scren Paulsen and all down to and Including
Fred E. Ryder, will please agsembie at their
hall. 603 Front street, to-day, at 12:aO
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Daniel Mangan. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HKNRY JEND. Rec. Sec.
MATTEUCCI— In this city. July 3, 1903. Felice
Matteucci. beloved husband of Teresa Mat-
tfuccl. and beloved father of Ore^te. America,
. Vlncftnzo, Ida. Anseltna and Kvellna Mat-
teucci. a native of Lucca. Italy, aged 57
years. ¦ '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltfd to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12»> Pacific street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Pawl's church for services. Interment
Italian C-metery.
NF.Y— In this citj ; . July 3. 1903, Mrs. G.
Faulkner Nrj', wlf# of N. Ney, and mother
of Alfred C. Faulkner, a native of Ger-
many, aced 42 years 1 month and 16 day».
(San Antonio, Texas, papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. .W. Mr.rtln fc Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In thts city. July 4. 1003, at the
parents' residence, C61A Natoma street.
George H.. beloved son of Charles and Mary
J. O'Connor, brother of Charles U.. John J..
Lillian and Mary E. O'Connor, and grandson
of the late Dennis and Bridget Keating, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years ana
3- months.
OLSON— In Oakland. July 4. 1903. August, be-
loved husband «jf Margaret Olson, and rather
« of Kathleen Gussle and Marr Agnes Olson
a native of Norway, aged 43 years. .
SMIDDY— An anniversary requiem high mas*
will be said for the repose of ths soul of the
late Mary Elizabeth Smiddy Friday morn-
Ing. July 10. at 0 o'clock, at St. Rose's
• Church. Friends are Invited to attend.A 6;>ee(J of eighty-two mike an nour for
nft«-e:i m'A** has been attained on the
Mid.and Railway in England tvilh its
n<sw coapcurd locomotives with a 239-ton
load.
11. H. Cabaniss.and ThomasvW. Loy-
Uss have purchased the Augusta (Ga.) \
Cb«>.- »S« for 540.000. 1 he Chronicle' Is one j
of the oldest .newspapers In t It*- - South. {
iiaving been published continuously^ since I
lttS. • • . * ¦*-.? —¦ ,-...«.,- .. .j
Tne Gcvernment Is to begin the con
struction of irrigation works In' five lo
calltlf-s. The Sweetwater dam, Wyoming*
Milk River. Montana; th« Gunnlson tun
nel. Colorado: Trucliee. Nev.; and -Salt
River. ¦Arizona. The cost of. -the five
plants;, is cVtimated'at J7.000.00tf artel it hey
are cspecled \-> furnish, n-ater fdreOJ,-
UJO acres." . . , " ,.
TREMBLING MOUNT — Subscriber.
City. "Trembling Mount" is the name
given tcr a slngular^plle of rockw-in the
valley <tf Rouge River, almost directly
north oj Montreal, Canada.. It la also
known as the "Devil's Mountain." It' is
the highest point on the Laurentlan range
of mountains- It is said that at certain
seasons the. mountain trembles and that
peculiar, noises issue from it. There is
an Indian tradition that the thunder god
used to "sit on this' peak for three days
In the'iprlng, seven In 'the 'summer, 'five
in the i»ll and two in winter, and that
during 1he time he was present,^ great
chasms would open In the sides, of. the'
mountain .from, which .i streams 'of fire
would finw during the mid-summer nights'
for hours at. a t|me. It is probable that
thU tradition., is based on ,the 'fact that
In the line ago there was volcanic action
at that aocallty. The volcano beneath the
rocks Is no longer, actjve.. and- geologists
atfflof Uhe opinion that this' mountain,
like, ma.iy, other, 'extinct . volcanoes, in
sinking tnto th^ crust "of the earth,' i.hichr
it) l?M. TJie g<<t>b of the estate open into
;. irupeili avtnue of p!ane trtes 4M yc&ra
"l<i. whM* a sfcona 1 avenue — ¦>', venerable
]>!n-ifi — ccmluctB !icrf>s» the beautiful park
toward the road to Uri^nan. i*j*-w»|j
known in connection wUhMnie. «le f«-v
i5»*.e.—V/estmintter Gazette.
u larg* Elopinx plateau, faced en one" side
r.v a Tt!s*i perpendicular rocky wall, be
low *hich the village of Mazenc nestles
r.u the bank of the little river Jal»ron.
ar«<J. though mc*t of the building Is (om
fjarativf.'y modern. It Includes four sreat
l*mtt« Kt/Uh formed par', of a previous
f« u<I;il csstle "p.-recked by the Armagnaca
• t i«: announced that en the conclusion
r 'f t!i* military maneuvers in Southern
T'rarxfe next autumn President Loubet
T.iH 'it?rtaln the foreign attaches and
ipedsj mifnloTjs in semi-state at the cha-
I'luof Mascr.c. near Montellmar, which
he lately purchased from the widow Bar
rr.ff^ <Je Vissac. The chateau elands on
Zoubet's Chateau.
In the competition under the manage
ment of the English National Rifle Asso
ciation, for the Palma trophy at Blsley,
each team must have, eight members, who
shall use the .national- military arm : of.
the country it represents, each. member to
have fifteen shots, without artificial rest."
at 800, at 900 and. at 1000 yards, the bulls
eye being thirty-six; Inches across..
The ReW "James ' J. Dolliver, father of,
the Junior Senator from Iowa^ is 'coming
to be regarded as "the grand old man of
the buckeye State." It Is sixty years since
he entered -the ministry and he celebrated
the anniversary of that • event ; by ' preach-,
ing a vigorous sermon. In the; Methodist
church" at ; RicHwood.' Ohld, • where his eld
est daughter - ¦lives.? ¦; Mr. . Dolliver - is 87
years \ old. .....'..¦ ' . ¦ .. ¦ .• . -¦ '
•«DoJ Children He.? Tes; constantly,', per
¦ siatently i and * says ; the ' Kin
dergarten Magazine. , A phiid does not tell
the truth because ho could not- He does
pqt'-Jinoyr '¦ theUruth, and . his ajjprqxlma
~tlonT.tp.\the> truth * is." Very much:', vaguer
The restriction. of emigration from th*
Continent to London i3 now agitated as an
urgent "public question. ' The census of
the metropolis shows 38,127 Russians, 27,
427 Germans, 13.420 Poles, 11,264 French
and 10,889 Italians.;. New York City can
digest that number of foreigners -every
year. '. :. , . :-.- v. '.'.'.: V ' ;; ' .
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
French physicians who have made a
study of the habit of. biting one's finger
nails or gnawing pencils and penholders
say that these are really, nervous disor
ders, hereditary in some cases and often
contagious by example.,'- .They, have often
figured out what maladies come from the
different forms of the biting habit. Onchy
ophagy—that'n the stage name of nail bit
ing— oauso* intestinal dlsorders, ; Penholder
gnawers seem especially llabl^to appendl
citK Dr. Pores elates that the investi
gation ehows that 25 per cent of French
Kchool children are nail bit«rs." Gnawing
hair Is mostly conflned to the lower ani
mals, but many tumors in human beings
have consisted largely of hair and wood,
u hairy ball weighing about a pound hav
ing been taken from the stomach of a
young girl of 11. Thread eating, to which
little attention has been given, has been
noticed In a girl ofrlS to the extent of
eating a third of a woolen flchu In four
cr <lve days.— New York World.
The "Nervous Bite."
PER1QUE TOBACCO— V. C. City. The
eoil of St. Jarfcs Parish. La., produces
a peculiarly strong, gummy tobacco that
will not grow any where else, and it is
grown there only in limited quantities."
It is subjected to the. usual preliminary
curing, after which the tobacco' is mixed
with sugar cane molasses and sweated.
Then it is packed In old whisky barrels
under great pressure and allowed to cure
slowly, when it improves with age. Dur
ing the curing the whisky and molasses
odor permeate the tobacco, giving it. an
aroma not to be found in any other
brand. When thoroughly- cured it is
shipped- In bulk to manufacturers, and by
a number used in mixtures. The "carrot
perique" 1« an inferior quality of the
same tobacco which in the curing pro
cess is- treated with . molasses only,, and
not pressed in whisky ¦ barrels. .It Is
wrapped in rope during the process of
Eweatinr? and in that form is put on the
market. "The natural color of the perlque
tobacco leaf Is brown, but in the process
of curii ig In the : whisky . barrels turns
black. ¦¦: - A : ~ ' ' ''¦-..- -V
• WEIGHT OF LUMBER — Carpenter.
City. According to a table of the weight
of lumber, published by the Northwestern
Lumberman, based on the average of tho
actual weights of a shipment of SOOOO.OJO
feet of lumber In a single season. 1000
feet of whit« pine flooring, dressed and
matched, weighs 1830, while 1000 feet white
hard pine flooring, dressed and matched,
weighs 236C pounds.
KNICKEBEIN-Reader, City. Knlcke
bcln is a Teutonic decoction ' used ! as an
after-dinner drln«c, which, to be fully ap
preciated, must be partaken of according
to the following directions: First, pass
the glass under the. nose and Inhale the
flavor for about five seconds; second, hold
the glass perpendicularly, open the mouth
wide, take in' the froth from the top of
the glass by inspiration and pause five
seconds; third, point the lips and take
one-third of the liquid contents of the
glass without-, touching the .yolk, pause
again for a. few seconds; fourth, straigh
ten the body, throw back the head,,swal
low the contents remaining In the glass
and break the yolk in the mouth at the
same time. The method for making a
/knlckebeln is: . Break."', an ,egg carefully
eo as not to fracture the yolk, p*lace tha
white in a bowl and lay the yolk softly
In the bottom of 'a very small claret glass,
then nearly nil the glass with equal parts
benedlctine, . yellow chartreuse, kummel
and cognac, no caution being used to pre
vent the ingredients • from mixing; beat
the white of the egg until" stiff and sweet
en to taste with oar sugar, place a heavy,
layer of the # whlte ;over the decoction,
dash with Angostora bitters and sprinkle
a little ground' cinnamon, then serve.
CYCLOPTELGI A— Reader, City. Cy
cloptelgia is paralysis of the ciliary mus
cles of the eye.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
If the slightly curved, extended tendril
of a young leaf of pea or "vetch be
watched carefully it will be found that it
Is* slowly' but . incessantly ' moving round'
and round In a circle.If tho tendril comes
into contact with a twig It bends toward
it and -eventually takes several turns
around it. Even a slight temporary irri
tation' is sufficient, to cause a bending
toward any side. .Finally 'the tendril be
cdrnea woody and strong .and forms a^e,
cure'anchor cable for the" plant. -Not only
does the young tendril rotate; the whole
leaf on; .which it -is borne is in. continual
motion, so that it Is almost sure to strike
against some nearby twig or stem.
¦. A lady in Budapest recently gave a
charitable. luncheon party to the poor of
her district. ..She placed- no limit on the
number of invitations, and the result was
that SOOO people arrived, all eager for the
treat.;. Eventually the- police had to draw
their i eabers to keep order among the
revelers. There were no two opinions
about the, success of the function. The
guests to a man declared that they had
never assisted at so tntense and exciting
a luncheon before in their lives. They
w«ro quite cut.'np when -the time came
10 CO. '¦'¦ " '•';'¦-¦;"•¦•
All true Moslems when eating must be
gin with salt and finish with vinegar. If
they begin with.salt they will escape the
contagion of seventy diseases. If they
finish with vinegar their worldly prosper
ity will continue to increase. The host
is In etlcmette . bound to be the first to
start eating arid the last to leave off. The
priests recite certain passages of the Ko
ran before and after lunch and dinner,
and also before drinking water at any
hour of the day.
than ours. And there arc certain quali
ties of his mind. which make it inevitable
that he should pervert the truth. The
child's imagination drives him often to
tell' what is not true.
sinking is sufficient to account for ths
trembling motion of the' mountain and
the atrange sounds. '" '. •
Better luck haa attended, the little col
ony of people similarly afflicted, who, a
few years back, settled "within the land
locked crater bay which constitutes prac
tically, the whole interior of- the volcanic
island of St. Paul, in the Indian ocean.
Here they are entirely protected against
all wind, no matter from what quarter
of the compass it may chance to blow;
while hot natural baths at varying tem
peratures are always available. The very
ground, too, is kept at a constantly equa
ble heat. by the latent volcanic fires with
in. And, lastly, food of all kinds is plen
tiful and varied, arid includes such cur
ious . and unusual delicacies as sea ele
phants' fins and tails, crawfish and other
crustacea in endless variety, and the suc
culent "Kerguelen cabbage." No wonder
that many of those who have been cured
have preferred settling on the island to
returning to their homes.— Tit-Bits.
But, as might have been foreseen, the
profound silence and eternal darkness of
the place exerted upon the * unfortunate
inhabitants a deleterious effect which far
outweighed any benefit derived from the
undoubtedly pure, dry air and equable
temperature. Some of the invalids died,
others gave up the experiment in disgust;
and the houses eo strangely and labori
ously built are now given over to tramps,
outlaws and other similar chance so-
Journers.
Towns in Trees and Cities in Caves,
Craters and Other Odd ,
Sites.
It is a mistake to suppose that the
whole of the 1,500,000,000 of the earth's In
habitants live upon the surface of the
world. They do not. Some cf them dwell
beneath it The people of Tupuaelel have
no need to travel far when they want .to
take a salt water bath. The town Is
Lullt co piles, which 'have 'been driven
into' a submersed coral reef situated far
out in the Torres straltB to the eouth of
New Guinea. Opposite this extraordinary
settlement, on the mainland, is . another
village that is perched high In the air
among: the gigantic palm trees with
which the coast is f ringed. The object of
both communities in choosing these cur
ious sites for their dwellings is Identical.
They desire to assure themselves against
being- surprised by their numerous ene
mies, and especially they seek safety
from the prowling Dyak head hunters.
People afflicted with disease not infre
quently develop strange fads as regards
the choice of their abiding places. Not
long cince, for instance, 'a number of con
sumptives agreed together to dwell within
the dismal depths of tho mammoth cave,
Kentucky. In pursuance of this extraor
dinary project, building materials were
actually carried into the cave at consider
able trouble and expense, and a tiny sub
terranean village sprang by degrees Into
existence. When it was completed it waa
inhabited by thirteen families.
PEOPLE HAVE QUEEK
DWELLIJIO PLACES
, Yesterday there wes another Ions line
or callers at the Pa'.aot for Abbott. The
Inquiries were ra*t with the response that
h« was no longer a guest of th* hotel,
and surh provfd to be the case, for in the
afternoon the management, for reasons
*vhich It does not deem itself obligated to
explain, put an extra lock on. the London
syndicate agent's rooms and closed his
accounts on the books.
• What has been Abbott's source of reve
nue durir.c- his stay here no one seems
able to explain, but it I« generally bc
li*ved by those who became acquainted
u!th him that the money which' he had
<3?j>C6lt<?d in the f'a!ace Role] nafe was
the extent cf his finances and when that
t'jan Turning low he resorted to the is
s-Mare* of checks to meet his rcqulre
-rK-nts. Last ei'enlng Jt was reported that
Y" had >H town, but later a woman with
r- "Om he had been associating stated that
Ji.fr Uiif, still in San Francisco.
CLOSED AGAINST HIM.
In the evening it developed that Abbott
had . not been occupying his rooms for
several days, b-Jt had been eecreted in a
notorious house on Ellis street, to which
a part of his baggage had beca conveyed
a few r.Ishts before.
On Friday Abbott was the most sought
for man around the Palace. Men were
waiting for him in nearly every nook of
the bis court, but, apparently, he scented
danger, for he slipped into the hotel and
up to his room by way of the front ele
vator without encountering those who
were ca the lookout for him. On leaving
the hotel later, however, he was confront
ed by a chauffeur who in no pleasing
jnanner reminded him of an obligation
which Abbott had overlooked.
'no lunds." Hardly had this message ar
rived before another and similar one was
received frcm the Orient Bank of New
York City. The "proprietor of a roadsido
resort having cashed one of Abbott's
checks and hearing that they had been
dishonored by the Eastern financial con
cern, made telegraphic inquiries of his
ow-n and fully confirmed his suspicions.
Quickly securing the services of an officer
the ar.gry boniface overhauled Abbott and
rr.£<1e him redeem the worthless piece of
paper. Then others who had cashed Ab
bott's freely circulated pape: began to
hunt him vp. but In the majority of cases
he pur.gled vp the cash and temporarily
stemmed the tide of trouble that was com
ir.g his way.
¦presented to him for consideration he
would c;ve the papers b. casual scrutiny
acd then turn thtm over to "his expert,'"
¦who accompanied him to the city.
WAHKIUG FEOH THE NOBTH.
Abbott was at the height of his pace
;hree days ago. when a warning note
came from the nortr. to the effect that his
checks, cashed there several weeks ago,
bad been returned from the Eastern bank
upon which they had been drawn marked
For a time Abbott kept a reserve fund
la th* Mfe cf the Palace Hotel, a fact
which he was disposed to emphasize
whenever the opportunity afforded Itself.
He always rode when he visited the local
French restaurants at night and showed
e. strong penchant for the more expensive
automobile when a conveyance was need
ed to cr:3ble him to make the round3 of
various resorts which he iratronized.
Hla business hours at the hotel were
very «hcrt. Wnen a mining property was
F. G. a dapper young man
ctelrslar kinship to a wealthy family of
London and representing himself as the
advance egtr.t of an English syndicate
that is anxious to Invest British sover
eigns in Western American enterprises.
•ha* ccme to grief after a short experience
in 6an Francisco. • r
He disappeared yesterday, but not until
toe hotel rnarmgeraent had locked him. out
cf fci« acartments aad several creditors
"had overhauled him and forced him to
diegorge ecae of the money he la accused
cf having eecured from them on bad
check*.
Abbott arrived in the city about five
«-eekc ago and has since cut a wide swath
elong the cocktail route, spending meney
lavishly and et the same time incurring
debts In a reckless manner that was
bound to sooner cr later rour.d him up la
a lot cf trouble. He reeTistered from Lon
don., but informed his newly made ac
cuaintaaees th*t bis home was in New
Tork. where he described his offices as
among the most luxurious cf the great
metropolis. He explained his presence in
the city by stating that he had come di
rectly frcm the East In Quest of mining
properties. Price would cut no figure, he
declared. If the property would stand a
thorough examination, for his company
wa» soeeeased of great wealth and was
e«.ger to put it to eome use where it would
t-e guaranteed an income at least com
mensurate to that paid by banking Insti
tutions cf the eld country.
CTJTR A WIDE SWATH.
" Although gar. Francisco has had Its
• hare of experiences with the professional
promoter of the Eaet and seemingly is
on guard against further invasion of the
emooth-tongued. self-adulating agent of
syndicates with hlghfalutin' titles. Ab
bott, being of a new type, apparently was
eble to wle-d an inSuence over the more
ekeptical, who finally accepted his stories
ee most reasonable. V
- He possessed a tailor-made suit for ev
ery day cf the week. At night he showed
conspicuously about the court of the Pal
ace in a well-fitting "evening dress coat
end immaculate shirt front, and carried
himcelf w!th an air that suggested im
portance. He was also a good spender
tn4 as his stay In the city began to
lengthen he widened h!s acquaintance and
ir.cressed his expenditures in a most care
less wai\
George A11ice.ii had been In the habit of
spending the greater part of his time on
th!a side of the bay ar.d for years had
been e familiar figure about the Lick
House and an Indulgent patron of the sa
loons en the opposite side of the street.
With the knowledge that they possessed
of the fortune Allman had Inherited from
his father, It was natural that the busi
ness men of Montgomery street should
frequently cash the youns saaaV checks
when hla needs demanded.
Until recently Allmcr.'s paper was re
garded ai ffoud dons the etrcet. A few
dayo as-o. however, he Importuned a num
ber of acquaintances, among them the
proprietor of the L!ck House, a neighbor
ing clothing firm and several ealooRB, to
cash his checks aa usual, for various
amounts. From that day hla absence
from the street has been noted and goner
ally commented upon and has been fol
lowed by the Information, given out by
those who accommodated him with
money, that his checks were worthless.
The Xevada Bank, upon which they were
drawn, repudiated them with the custom
ary stamp, "No funds."
That Allman Is not far away and fully
appreciates the seriousness cf h!s offenie
Is evidenced by a note lately addreesed to
one of his victims, in which he appeals to
the latter to extend to him a little len
ier.cy and assures the holder of the chec!c
that It will be redeemed in time. Friends
of Allman have also Interested themsslves
In his case and the etatement was given
out yesterday that an effort was belnj
made to persuade the young man's elster
to take up her brother's checks and re
lieve him cf the possibility of being prose
cuted for uttering false. paper. . • ¦ -
The absence lately of George D. Allman
from his customary haunts about ths Lick
House and that vicinity on Montgomery
street has given rise to ugly rumors con
cerning his methods of financiering and tp
intimations cf prosecution In the event of
his failure to reimburse a number of
business men whom, it is alleged, he has
victimized with worthless checks. .
Allman Is the son of a pioneer, stage
route man, who made a fortune in the
Ftaglng business in the northern part of
the State. When the father died some
years ago. he left his wealth, including
his stage lines, running out of Cazadero,
to his son and a daughter. Later the
children disposed of their Interests in the
north and have since lived in Oakland,
where the daughter Is well and favorably
known.
Bank Repudiates His Fapsr,
After Which Young Man
Disapp3ars.
Young Easterner Ghees Into
Hiding After Issuing
Ead Checks.
Wild Career of Palace
Hotel Guest Leads
to Trouble.
Worthless Checks Held
by Men Who Were
His Friends.
ABBOTT'S PAPER
IS DISHONORED
GEORGE ALLMAN
IS IN DISGRACE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SU2SDAT, JIJLY 5, lftO8:
43
¦ -^ A OCEAN TRAVEL^ ;
AAAHIbIaC C i*A luw *»f W«0«, REt*
occanics.sxo,
SS MARIPO8A.i for Tahiti. July 10. 11 a. ra ¦
6S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
- and/8ydney. ... ...Thursday. July:16. 2 p. m
SS.« ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, July 'a, 11 a. ra!
! a. mum t wos.co., igti. . txw cmc« r 843 Kamtsi \
: fr^ht«8fii:32i ¦irtitlL.Pitfle. 7.fiafic JL
' '" COHPAOHIE 6E5EKALS T»AN3ATLANTI<I3JI
: DIR1SCT. LINE'TO HAVRE-PARIS. f'jifV-'fc'-
Ssillng «very Thuraday, Instead of ./Jf, vgA.
Saturday," at; 10 a. m..- from.PUr .42. *&XSa,
North River/ "foot of Morton street. :v\- ..
.First-class to Havre, ?70 and. upward. -See-
! ocd-«la*» to Havre. ¦ $45 and upward. "GEN-
feRALAOBNCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway . ; (Hudson ' - bulldln*).'
New York."J.'F.FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
•Agents, -5 Montgomery avenue,- 8an - Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION BALE et UNION STOCKTARD.
13TK and HARRISON. JuIt «. 19C3. 00 bsad
| horses, broke and ucbroks; weight from D00
to 1400; ro rewm.
\V. B ATT.WAY raAVSL.
CALIFORNIA NO?.TDWESTE£N i% CO.
LjHISSEJH!
SAN FRAKGISGO AND NORTH PAGIFlfi
sailwat coaacpAsnr. • ; •
Tltnxoa, Tzxvy, , oct of raariet St.
SAJT raAJJTCISCO TO S£JH KArJLBl..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:33. 2:40. 3:40. 8:10. S:%O, 6:30 and 11:JU
P. m. -
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 7:30. 6:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:50,
2:30. 3:40. 3:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m. *
SAN Ua.irAX.iM ttC «~n
WEEK DAT3— 6:05, 6:50. 7:33, 7:50, 8:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2;00. 3:40. 0:00. 6:2V,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:46 p.m.
SUNDAYS — «»:6O. 7:o5. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
• 3:40. 4:50. 6:00. 5:20, «:1O. «:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. !
. / Leave I ¦ In Effect l I Arrive
San Francisco. I May :i. 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I AVeek
Day. I days. | Uon. | day^jDay j.
" T7730"a 7:43 a| 7:45~s>
7:30a 8:00a . - 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Iarnaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3Op 2:30p t!:00 p 6:2Op
5:10 P 5,:10p 6:20 p 7:25 p
I f 7:25 p ;
.7:30 a 7:30a 7:45 a! 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:3Oa 7:3O-a ~ ! 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:OOa 8:00 a Felton. . 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p | ¦ 7:23 p
| Windsor. | I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburr. ? 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton, -" | -
2:30 p! 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:23 p
\ :¦ Cloverdale. f
-7:30a| 7:30~a| Hopland |i6:2O a[10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| WUllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 a! 8:00 at Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al ? Sonoma. I S:40a| 8:40 a
¦ B:10p| 5:10 p| GUn Ellen. j 6:00 p| 6:2t>p
'7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 e
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebaatopol. [ 7:25 p| tt:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa, for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservtlle 1'or Skaggs Springs; at Clove*-
dale for the Geysers, Booceville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land SprlnjTH, Kelaeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratora Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, I.terly's. Bucknell's. Sanbedrln
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Ha»f-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Weatport,
Usal: at Wllltts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo,- Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngg. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
GarbervlIIe, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
'Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • ¦
On Sundays — Round-trip, tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN, .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAflQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DATS (Holidays excepted)— 8:43,
t*7:45. 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. «1:43. 3:13.
4:15, t5:15. till. 6:45. 9. 11:45 P- m.
7:45 a. ir~ train week daya does not run to
"SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDATS— 7.
tS t*B t«10. 11. t":30 a. m.. fl2:30. ri:3«^
2:35 '3:50. 5. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln. Thoss
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
*°/ROif^AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week days-^5:25. J6:25, 7:10. 8:15, :3:35.
11-06 a m. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. «:45.
10 BUNDAT8— 8:15, 7:33 X tS:10. 9:40, $10:33.
tll-45 a. m'.. 12:50. 2:30. t3:25. 4:4V).
6-56 7:35. 10:20 p. ru.
Trains warked <t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CTSCO—Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25,
9:457 U:10 a. m.. 12:iO. 2:45. 8:13. 3:10, 7:06.
M 8u/ilATS- «:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:08,
1:05 2:40. 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. tn.. week days — Cazadero and way
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. ; „ * ¦
Sundays and I^egal Holidays — S a, m.. Cua-
dero and way statlonw. •
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point :
Keyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st
FERRY— Foot of Market tt. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
~~ Leave Tubaskliit /srrj Arrive
Saa Fran. fs*t ac aarkt 3t, San Fran.
Week S«m- -^88^ Son- We«k
I>«y». • days £g&y&mL ****
ttTTBl 8:OOa F^iSSla 12:OONr»:15 A
l:45p 9:OOa VwgjS!^S#f l*:50f S:30r
a:15rlO:OO A 3:30?j5:50p
fctenfan sal?, lean 1»Ttra » 9;»Or > t tCTrfil > . ll:8Or
UCUT t 826 Maskxt St^ (North Shore Railroad;
OFFICE ) and Sausalito Fkxxv Foot Market St.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
Steamers ltave San Fran-
/f\t^"*Gi\ Cisco as follows:
fiitr Xil\ " For Ketchlkan, Juneaa,
/WyWSSPto \U\ Sk airway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
If VCLara I \ nu. July 5, 10. 15. 20. 23.
\ \ \*5Soa/ I 3 °. August 4. Chans* to
V*\ \\ company's steamers at Seat-
*»r Victoria, i Vancouver.
• ZLsS^ ..Pert Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m., July 8.
10 15 20. 25 30. August 4. Change at Seattls
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. F. Ry..
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eure*a (Humholdt Bay)— Potnoaa. 1:30
p. m . July 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. August t; Cortna,
1:30 p m., July «. 12. 18. 24 30, August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anyeles and
Redondo). Ean Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. .
gtate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los' Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. -8*nta Cruz . Moa-
t*rey fan Simeon. Ca>mcos. Port Harford (San
Luis OblsDo). Ventura and Huenerne. •
«So« Bey. » a. m.. July 8. 16. 24. August V
For'Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Altata. La" Par. Santa Rosalia. Guay-
rcas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
iTi fnc'Z*'er'r 'O^FTCFS— * N« w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Ofllce. 10 Market street.
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market at.. San FTanclsco.
O..R. & /V. CO.
"Columbia" fails June 22. July 2. 12. 22.
"Georire W. Elder" sails Jun# 27. Joly 7. 17.
27 Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR..
and tbort rail line from Portland to all points
Eaet. Through tickets to all points, all rail or
rteamshlp and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and meals.
Steamer sails foot of Spear et. at 11 a. m. 8.
F BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. D«pt.. 1 Montgom-
ery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3
¦ Montgomery st. •' * •
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan «tre«U, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
snd HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at;
Hongkong I with steamers for India, etc No
c&rs-o received on board en uay of sailing.
S- S. HONGKONG MARU......:
Tuesday. July 7. l!Htt
S *S NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31. 1903
S 8. AMERICA MARU..........."..'.......
,;;.: Wednesday. Augmt 20.1903
* "via Honolulu. Round-trip, tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
Dcny's office. 421 Market utreet. corner First- '
v . . W. H. AVERT. Qgneral Agent.
f£cxa ' Zslaaa aad Valltja ; Staaxier*.
• Stoarner GEN. FRISBIE or MCNTICELLO
—6:45 a. m.,"3:lS and 8:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday, 1 9:43 a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallsja.
7 a.- tn., 12:30 noon.vO p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. to-. 4:15 p. m. Far*. 50 cents. . Tel-.'
Main 15OS.- Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. deck. • HATCH
BROS. «
j -BATLWAY TBAVEXt.
California
Limited a ..
ro CHICAGO ,
if'^S^ An Ideal Train
[fiiflitllitllls] or Those Who
SA2JTA FE TBAIHS. .
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
; ' (Local I'Um'd | Locil |Dv*rt'd
- \ D*lly j Daily f Dsaly t Dally
Lr. &u> Fr*n.. 7:3O aj 9:3O-s>| 4:0O pj 8:W v>
Ar. Stoekton... 1O:4O a 12:01 p 7:10 p;14:i5 f.
"Merced .».. 1:05 p 1:53 p »)J^ 1
"Fresco 2:40 p 3:20 p •;»,<
"Hanford... 4:K) p 4:07 p I'.*^ **
"Visalla .... 4:M p. 4:43 p £&.*
" BakersHeld . 7:15 p «;0O pi ... 7:A> a
" Kansas City f 2:S3-aj....- «:0O a,
" Chicago ....1 2:15 p|., «:¦*' H
a for mornlne: j> for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally- is Bakersflcld Locai. stop.
plug at all potnts In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arriv«s\«t S:5& a. m. dally.
»:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Js th*
CAZJT0B2OA IiITiTITIIP, carrying* Pal«
ace Sleeplry Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car rues to Bakers.
n«:d for accommodation of local nr*t-eia» P*s.
i s«ngers. No s«cond-elasa tickets ars honored
on thin train. Correspondlns; train arrive ac
ll:ll> p- m. Tuesday and Friday. • ,
r»:3t> a. m. Dally, Valley Limited. Ccnn- s "•*
Car and Reclining Chair Car between. R - -^.
.field and .San Francisco. Correspond! r.,, : «M
arrives at 11:10 D> m. dally.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond, j
train arrives at 11:10 a. in. dally.
8:00 p. m. dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleep«rs and
. Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago: also
• Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
re»rond!n? train arrives at 6:23 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Karsis City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at S p. ro.
Offices — «41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakla™J.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
trslni UsTesnd ar« <lu« t.» arrive ut
DAN VKANCXSCO.
fMst» Una. Fee* of Market 8trg»t > ¦
j.»AVE — FaoM JC}<» tl. lVOJ. — -1KK1TH
~ 700a Brnlrl*. Sal»un.i;imit»«nil S»cr»-
mentn 7-25^
7.00a TscsTllle, Winter*. Kujnser 7 25*
7.30* M.trtiaex, San Rumoo. Vsiiejo,
Kspa. Callstor*. SaaU Rosa C 2Z+
7.30* JJIles. Latarop. Stockton 7.1Cr
8 00* JU»vls.Ww<llsif1. KnliLt* LnnJlne.
MsrysTUle. OrcrlUe. (ounnects
at SlarjsTlUe lor Crldley. lljgus
and CtkU-o) 7.85»
t-COA Atlantic Express— Ogden sad ta»t. 1C-25*
8-CO* Fort Coata. Msrtlaez. AnUoch. 1'y-
roo,Tra«T.StocVtoo,3acrsm«nto,
Los Banos. Mendotv naaford.
YUslls. r«rt«rruie ;...mC5»
8.00a Port Costa. JJarilncz. Laihrup, Mo-
desto. Mereed. Fresno, Go*li«iv
Junction. Hanford. Vtialls,
Baker^eld 6^8*
8. JO* Shasta Express— Ds,t{s. TMlllainr -
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
?f rato. Bed Bluff. Portland 7.55V
83Ca XUes. 8«« Joie. LlTerwore. Suxrk-
ton.Ione.Sscmmeoto.l'Jscervilio,
MsrjBTllle. Cblco. lied Bluff 425»
8-0* Oftkdale. Chlnfie. James»>wn. So-
norv. Tnolnrone and Auxels 4. 25*
9 00a MartlneiaadWsjSutioos 6 53*
1000a Vsllejo- : 1&2S»
(10.00a Cre»centClt» Kxpress. Kostbound.
—Port Costa. Bjron. Trscy. L«-
throp. Stockton. Merced. l:»r-
mond. Frcuno. Hanford, VlsaUa.
Bakenfleld. Loa Aageles snd
Xew Orleans. (tTestboand sr-
rlres ss Psctfie Ccaat Express,
?la Ceart Liae) »1ID
1000a The OrfTisod Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. ChfcAiPk 8.25*
1200m Bsyward. Ntles aad "Way Stations. 3-ZSf
ti-OOr- Sacramento RItct Steamers. tll.C3?
ilQr Bentds, Winters. SaeraaeBta
Woodland; WllUams, Coiuum, Wil-
lows. Kslxbts Landing. Marys-
Tllle. Ororllle and way stations.. 10.55*
3-I0r Bsyward. Nlles sad Way Stations.. 7 5&P
4 COr MartlDez.SsnIUmoa.VsUeJo.KtDa> ¦
Callatoga. SanU Rosa. 9.25*
4-00r MartlDFZ.Trscy.Lathrop,Stoe2toa. 10. 25 a
4 00p Nlles. LtTrrmore. StooictoD. LAdl.4 4.2S-*
4.30r Uayward. Klles. Irrlagtoa. tea ) 'tt.SBA
Jose. Llvennorfl t 111.65a
6 COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare, -
Bsketsfleld, Los. Angeles; eon-
nects at Sangus for Santa Bar-
bara. *.5Sa
S.COp Pert Costa. Trssy, Stockton, Loa
Bsaos 12-? 5f
tS30P Klles, Ssn Joie Local 7.25a
6 BOf Bsyward. Ktles snd San Jove. 102S*
" 6-CCr Oriental SJall — Otdtn. DeaTer,
Omabs. St. Louis. Chicago an«
Ean. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
seogers only out of San Fran-
clsco. Tourist car snd coach
. . passengers take 7X0 P. *. trsin
to Reno, conttnalng. thence In
their ears 6 p.m. train eastward:. AJSf
Ifestbonnd, Saaset Limited.—
from New Tork, Cfclcasco, New
Orleans, El Ps«o. Los Aageles.
. Fresno. Bereods, Raymond (from
.'. ¦'-""• Tosemlte), Martinez. ArrlTca.. 8.23a
7C0r S>n Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Wsy Scattocs. 11-25*
17-COp Vallejo 765»
JJiOr Port Costs, Benlcla, Snlsun, DaTis,
Sttramento. Trnckee, Beno.
Stop* at all stations east of
•« SacrameBto 7-55a
l.05r Oregon 4 CsllfornU Express— Sao-
ramento, MaryartUe, Redding.
Portland. Pceet Sound and East. - 8-55 a
. tt.lQr Hajward. Nile* and Saa Joie (Sun-
day onlj) ....:... ni-55»
11.25p Port Costa, Trsey, Lat&rop. Mo-
il « to. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semltej, Fresno 12 2Kp
Hsaford; ViaaKa. Bakersaeld 5.15?
COAST LINE (Sam** Ciuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ¦
't7^4&A Santa Cru Excursion (Sunday
enry)..., » «.10r
1-1 Sa Newark. Centerruie. Ssn Jose.
Felton. Bouloer Crack. SaaU
Crni and Way Station*. 8 25*
t2-l&> Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Jose,
Kew Almadea.Los Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux tnd
•.-¦-. : principal Wsy Stations ...... M . 10 -55a
4-ISp Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos and
way stations (on Satarday and
Sunday runs through to Santa-
Cruz, connects at Felton for
Bowlder Creek. Monday only .
from Santa Ctmz> f 8 55 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From »iS >i:A>a&CO, root of Market St. (SllpO
-fJ:» »:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3-00 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tS:0O. 0:00
?8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 P.*.
COAST LINE (Broad «au«e).
(Third and Townsend 8tro«ts.) ¦ ¦
' 6.10a Saa Jose sad Wsy Stations.'......;. - 7 .30*
17 COa . S«n Jote and Way Stations 630p
H CO* New Ataaden.. ... .... /4.10r
:7.15a Jlonterey and Santa Crux Kxcor'
- ¦ slon (Sunday only) IZZCr
«8.C0a . Ccait Line Limited— btop»oBly San
Joie.Gllroy.BolHiter.PsJsraCas-
troTllle. f a!tna«. San Ardo. Pas*
Kcblr*. ?»nta Margarita. San Lul« \
¦ . ¦ flblipo.(prtncJpaiit*tiQDntne&re)
Santa Barbsrs. snd Los An-
'.'l-V reles. Connection -at CsstroTill* >
to tnd from ilonterej snd Pad Co -
Grove tnd st f sjaro north bouad
frcm Capitols tod SaotaCraz.... 10.4S*
8X0* Stn Jote. Tres Plooi. Capitols,
tSaBtsCruz.PseiacGrofe^aJtnas,. ..
San Lois Obitpo sad Principal
Intermediate Stations . ......... 4.10*
Westbound only. PaelDr Coot Ex-
pre»#.— Frem New Tork.Cntesgo, !
¦Kew Orleans. XI Paso. Los An-
geles. Scats Tartars. ArrtTes.. t.JOr
1C23* Ban Joee and Way Stations..... .. 1.20*
11 JOa Ean Jote. Lot G»tot ted Way Su-
¦ « ,» Uoni ~'.... ' B.J8P
*\ -iCr San Jote sad Way Stations. x 7 C0i>
t COr San Jose snd Way Sutlocs {3 40a
1*3t0»I>»l ilente Eipr»«»— >»nta CTara.
« fesn Jtte. Del Monte, MOcterff,
ViclCc Grore (connects st^abta -j
Clara for Santa Cruz. RonlCeT
Crerk snd Narrow G«u?ePolnu) f 12-11*
cSZOr BDrllBpims. San JJateo, Redwood,
>i«nlo Park. Palo AHo il§yfl«!d, •
Mountain View. Ltwrence, Saat* ,-'-
Clara, £an Jose, GUroy (connec- ' .
. . tten for BollUtcr. Tres Plnoi),
' . Pa'aro (ccnaectlon for Wstsca* .
vine. Capltola and Santa Crur),
• PuclCc Grove sod way stations. V -
'Connects at Cucrovine for &*-
¦ M -*t: Unst 10^45*
o4 20r. fan Jote sad War Stations 8.38a
0tS£Cp San Joie. (t!» Santa Clara) Los
G a tot, Wright sad Principal Wsy
: Stations... .' »9.00a
»{S^Cp- Ssn Jon-andPrtnclpilWsy Stations t8.00A
oIB.Iop fciu )ltteo,Beresford,Belmoot.Saa
Carles. Redwood, Fair Oaks, .
'' MtnloPsrk. PstoAlto f848»
S-ZCr 8«n Jose aDd Way Stations. 8_53a
«7X0p Sunitet Limited. Easthonnd.— San
Lull ObUpo. Sants Barbara. Los
Angelas. I'enilnsr. £1 Paso, New
Orleans. Kew Tork. (Weitbonnd
•nivrsTls S^n Jf.»qc!aVillej)... nt.nk
8.CCP Palo Alto- tndWiyStailoM.. ...... 10.15*
*1V20> llillbrie. I'aU AlLosnd TVs/ Sta-
tion .„„. 1945?
a11 ZOPMlUbrae. t«n Jote iud W«y j»'
"on* . ta.4Sr
; A tor .Morning;. -*. • P for Afternooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only. - - ¦ ¦¦
' (Stops at all ststlons on Sunday.
ifcund«> excrpicd. : cuadaj only. .
. • t stordaj ©aijr. - * ,
• Connects stGctben Je. with trains for Hanford.
YUalta. At Freino. fot Vlsslia Tla Sanrer;
«VJa Coa*t Line. / Tuetday and Friday.
. ni Arrl-ve Tla M!e%. » Dally except Satardsy.
. tr Via Sin Joaquln Valley.
*. Stop* Santa Clara south aotiad onry. Cobmm*
except Sondsy. for all points Marrow Gaaaa, -
_££iK« not sweat Valencia Sa, .
BMC^SfSfflBisSSSsHi i~^^sS'^PV'^ J'T^ 4 *••*'*'* ¦ ':* "' S*^5r »^F •''-'!'' '•>' ' • %-*•:-''.-'-. ' .. '_' * ** -"''"''* *¦.'*" <¦ '' * .. ' '<¦ rsflsSSSSsBBSSSSSSsSsWBSSSSSS^BSSSSSSSSSSsBsSSS^BWKBlsjSsisS^BsBB^
* ' *• J -*^* m5tJTt^b»»! sssssssBl^^^^'^Bsssssssssg III
1 ?" \** ' * ~ " -• £. "\ " ?<¦ 3xmh(-^^^^Xa 1 ¦ IC^EflM sssssssssssssbsMB '2'^t & w 'j^§si)&B&BmJEBnSjM
¦ . . ".' " v .'•.'-' -v. ' : ,- .. ,v Y f ' . v ( fi * - , . ¦¦¦¦ * * ¦ li'jv + */f-'v-'-'' *¦-"!' ¦'^''i.V 1 ||^Bh^HHB^^H^^H^^HJ ssBBB>fl^BaBBBBBBHffi8>^H^'^VW')^'^^^jic^r'
, * * t '" •' f*-.^tt S - ** -*^ r BSbBBBB^«HBhS^M^^ '^Sjt' ?^ ''•"'"'iiSt'^S J^l
i - * *¦¦ t ¦ "1 ' ¦ * v^5^k */- ** /•¦ , #'' ,' '.. :. I '.•'¦¦¦ v £ *¦*¦ V , *n *^* «»^j' ¦JsssssJLt^sW^sBjisfeisss^M^BHMMgBs^sss^Bs -J«-**
CONFIDENCE."
Next Sunday's CALL., A well-attended'meetins of the Ocean
side Improvement Club was" held last
Friday : evening:, with President ¦ Robert
Fitzgerald In the chair and Mr. Bogart as
temporary secretary. ,- 'Jho committee on
water reported that the water company
will lay the mains on H street -and thence
on the Ocean Boulevard Immediately after
the arrival of the pipe if rom the East In
regard '. to tho lowering of the car tracks
on /H:' street. . between Forty-third' and
Forty-eighth avenues, to conform with
the 'official .grade and .the. work 'now. being
done 'by Sol- Getz & Son -In front of; their
blocks;, tho committee ; reported ' an inter
view^ with- Mr.; Chapman 1 of -the United
Railroads inwh!ch:lie agreed i to lower
the]tracks:at"ohce.- as . requested, provld;
ing ;they "procured a statement'- In 'writing
from the Board of Public '"Works "that the
grades on ¦ II ; street . between ' the' avenues
mentioned ¦ were permanently established.
The committee, obtained such a statement
Jn"a letter , to Mr.' Chapman, who no doubt
Will set bis men to work at once. - .
0CEANSIDE DISTRICT.
new eteel foundry, opposite their property
is now. well under way,- the first building,
80xlC0. being nearly finished. Mr. v DIxoh
has 'let 'a contract for. a fine house to be
built on his lot in block 11, and work will
bo started on it soon. .
vMcEwen Brpthers. "of ..-the Santa *Fe
Tract -at ' Point" Richmond. > repqrt^ithat
they t were very a bu8y& during" > the ? month
of • June '. selling lots, 7 . nearly, one t hundred
uaving been 'sold during that ; morjth.^Tb«
uels to U. B. '- Chambers of Kanfas, a vtock
rantfe andgrneral farm near:Tom Kl, lnl.len
doclpo County, for- J12.500,' and 'several small
tracts. In -Mftrln- and Honoma- counties asgrc
gating- J2S0O. . )-'. ¦,. ti . .. • -
A deed" has just' been recorded by which
William K. A'inderbilt^ond wife," Mra.
A'irginla ¦ Fa*ir r yanderbllt," transfers to
Herrriann'Oelrlclis their, haif-interest . in
the' Falrmount Hotel property. In the block
bounded by California, Sacramento,
Powell and Mason' streets.
¦'..The ten-atory.'ntructure to be erected. by
, the f - Union 'Trnst/.CompanyiOf Sah Fran
cisco north pf; Its; prespnt bulldinj; at the'
Juncjlon.of Montgomery/: Post and Mar
ket streets wtji;. front 'tifty. feet on Mont
gomery, street. vThree* stories will be add
ed; to: the:present- building. The style of
the-- two structures j-will'ibo; similar,*, out
wardly and J Inwardly. '.' The ¦ banking • de
partment f of (,'the : " Union ': .Trust : ; Company;
will ' have, the • entire* basemept, on . Market
"and Montgom? ry.t streets." ..' The; banking
roomj will tbe" 64x86; feet,\' with ; an :IJ 24x54
f ectl T. The • Improvements will - cost
$300,000. -The" frontage' owned, by,; the ; Un-'
ipn^Trust Companyat!thls place is 64 feet
on street and ; 110 feet ; op.\ Mont
[gbmery street.-^- ¦-. -,¦•/•.¦
At auction last Tuesday.: Easton,^ Eld
ridge & Co. sold properties at. tho frollQWt
ing prices: , ¦ '-i ;'. ' : ¦\^
T-ot 25x100 fret and house of eight rooms and
finished basement, on the north: line: of •Kills
street. DO feet west from • Buchanan. ; for $5775:
cottage and lot.' 34:9^xS7:6 feet, on the south
line of Putter street, <RJ:3 feet west' from lorori.
for ?2C0<>; three. fiatn rentlne^for i^r
month, and lot 25x100 feet.-ori tue hni>
of McAllister street. 81:0 ff<?t east from Cen
tr*3 ave.nue, for #8209': houM ¦ of ¦ eevtn rooms
and lot 30:fixl17:0fert. en. tlie euBt "llne*cf
Fair Oaks *tr«t. 122 fwet »oulh ! from Twenty
second • street, for *at 75; lot • 25x00:2 '.4 -feet
ar.d two-stoty heuse of • eight." rooms. -on.'the
north line of California street. ' til :3' feet '.west
from Baker, for .'(4175; hou^e and lot at 2108
Pine street, hortji'llne, 8l:S ; feet '> west •• from
Ku than an. for $4175; lot 25zi14-. feet- and live
room cottage,^ cn-.the : north -line 'of -, Twenty-'
fourth street, 75 feet - eaet ¦ from 'Diamond.', for
$2200; two flats and lot 21:6»«0 feet, on. the
west line of McCbrmlck , street,' south from
r cine, for ,»iT5o. ... . • ' ,... y- v - •; ¦; .
The following" sales'; are reported "'by.
Cha.tncld fc Vinzent: ; v • :^: ¦> v '
Grain., hay and. orchard ' ranch V; in'VTolo
county, of 437V4 acres, from :H.-C. Keller- to
George H. I-ennartz. for, $21,850; '.W.? A; Lyn
don < to B, -Kodate, .Tl 8 acres of ¦ improved' land
in Santa Cruz County, for- $0540; > C^B.Mc-
Klnney to 1. W. Pathorst. 43'acr«8 In'Napa
County, with buildings, for $1500; B.C.ganx-
AUCTION PBICES.
$40o, to Joseph R. Ryan; lot 50x100 fe«t on the
southeast corner of" Pemla. avenn* nnd Athens
street for »fino, to l/oul» Mellchoan<l:- lot.25x
l«J0 fert on the southeast *ld« of Athens «tfe-,t,
near Persia avenue,, for $200, to Ellen G. Tay»
Ior. . . , ¦- .=.«->v —
north line, between Buchanan and Webster, '
hou*e of seven rooms and bath for $4175; Mar
garet McDermott to John Abrams, lot on the.
north line of Buena Vista avenue, 247- feet
south of Waller, lot 30x150 -fe«t, for • $2350;
John Wannenmacher to S. SchlG*». U35-37-39
Turk Ftreet- between L«guna- and Buchanan,
three flats, for $11,500: C. Toung to I. Cohn,
lot on the north line of Devlsadero frtreet. 110
feet north of Jackaon. for $.1675;. Francis V.
King to Mrs. J. St. Martin, lot and Improve
ments at 523 Castro street, eaot line, 247 fe-t
north cf Hlghteeiitli, lot 35x125 feet, for »3000.
Guy.T. 'Wayman* reports the following
sales made by him:
Guy T. Wayman to Oscar Jleyman. lot 25x
ItO feet, with cottaee, on the, west* line- of
Eleventh avenue, 125 feet south of Clement
street, fcr $1160, and the lot 25x106:3. with
cottage, at 411 Aishbury * street, •• for ¦ Marian
Van '/.ant to J. Morris for $2600. He haa aim
sold th« five years* lease, of tiie Cumberland
Hotel at 72C UuMi street for Mrs. Fortesque
and Mr*. Grant to tbe Misses Chamberlain.
G. A. Turner & Co. have sold two lota
the past wee.lt In the block bounded by
Clement street and Thirty-eighth, Thirty
ninth and Point • Lobos avenues. They
havo sold nine lots in that locality, : tho
prices ranging from $100 to $C00. : .
Salr3 arc reported by Sol Getz & Son as
follows: " . \ . ¦
\jo\ 50xl?0 fct-t on the east line of'Forty-
I eighth avenue, 1U7 :0 north : of M." atreet. ror
1 *1'.«k>, to 35. <:«l!ia; lot 60xl20on the east line
oX Forty-eighth aveuu<», 100 feet: south of :II
ttreet. for *t«XX), to ¦ F. -Nace; • lot : 50 <.by -. 120
on the east>line of Forty-seventh avenue. '-• 100
liret muth-of'H street, for $1000, to A. Best;
lot 60x100 on tlie south w«st aide of Persia ave
tiiw. Ill feet , tou thcatt of Athens ctreet, fcr
• As it Is intended to break ground fort
the erection of a large hall by the Ocean- j
side Improvement Company, this month, |
the club votecT to continue occupyinr th«
Its. meeting place for the present.
f LOTS AND HOUSES. V..
Eaaton, Eldrldge & Co. report the fol
lowing tales for the vreck:
Clara Wi«e to T. Brook*. 21 OS Pm« street.
Mrs. Amelia Haas has cold her property
on the south line of O'Farrell street. 62:6
feet cast from Octavia street, fcr $40,000.
The lot la 75x127:6 feet and the lmprove
menta bring in a little more than $300 per
month.
Guy T. IVayman has bought for a
¦woman client from Edward McLaughlln
of San Jose the lot 75x112:6 feet, with L of
:.x2j feet, with four stores and seven
"dwellings, on the southwest corner of
Taylor and O'Farrell streets, for J123.OW.
The present buildings will be destroyed
and will be* succeeded by a seven-story
building, to cost about $100,000.
For C. 1>. Kstrado, lot and improVem^nts
i>n the *outh line of Ch**tnut street, 80 feet
#-a?t of L«eavenwoith, 49:Cx 137:6 f«y»t. |,Vk«i;
for Mrs. K. V. Polk, iot on the southwest cor
ner cf E44r and FiUmore etretts, llf>xl37-6
f*-et, $2Ti.CC0; for Mrs. A. M. Earton. two 60
vara. >o»s on the southwest corner of «Jough
and Filbert streets. 275x137:6 feet, $20,000;
for Adolph O. Trefr, lot and Improvements on
the pouthwert corn»r of Pacific and Larkln
ureet*. S7:8Hxll2:S feet. *ir>.7.'^); for Mis. J.
K. WatPrmen. lot and improvements on the
north line of Filbert fctreet. i::7:C feet west
or LAguna. 27:6x137 :« feet, $2200; for George.
R. Shreve. lot on the south line of California
f.\peet. 82:6 feet west of Fourth avenue, lot
W)»1HO feet, $lti00; for F. Lombard!, lot and
c^tjape on the north line of Thirtieth street.
3^5 feet cast of Dolores, 25x114 feet, 51900.
LEADING TRANSACTIONS.
.Through the agency of Shainwald,
Euckbtc &. Co.. Lotta M. Crabtree, the
actress, has sjold to Covington Pringle
lier Tronerty on the south line of Turk
street, £7:6. feet rapt from Hyde, 50x137:6
f»«?t with L. of 5^x«7:6 feet, with four old
buildings, fnr SSSjOML The property was
bought iu 1S69 fcr $12,000.
Shafnv.ald, Burkbee & Co. have also
made other good sales, notwithstanding
a he summer holiday season, which is
usually the dullest period of the year.
Among- their sales, just reported, are the
following:
The figur** fcr th<? month of June as segre
gated from th» figures for the Fix months were
HO f"**|*f*1. amounting to |1.!K)4,7P2. v. h0»
r.ix rcleascfi were recorded, amounting to
fl.lC5.lU>.
years 1*76 and 1S33. ><»ars of dept^tsion. when
the release* amounted to only .v> or W) per cent
at the mortgages. Even tlirn ownership of real
**tate had decided advantages, as ability to
borrow on Jt paved many from financial rufn.
The increase In mortgages on city real estate
tollows so closely the increase in the amount
of sales that it is not surprising that the mort
gages recorded on city real estate for the first
half of the year exceed by $3.57<3,M<> the mort
?aRT?fi for the last half of 1902. There were
1"S3O mortgages and deeds of trust recorded in
;h_e fix months endinjr June 30, 1903, amounting
to' *l<j,37%.r»Cy, and 22C5 releases were . given
»or a- total of (I2.CM.en. There was, there
:otp, nearly CXOQ&flOB more loaned than was
released. These figures show that this half
>ear hzs witnessed the largest totals of money
loaned on r^al estate in the same period in the
hirtcrr of the city. Repayments of old loans
continue to amount to about 75 per cent of the
mortgage?. Tlie increase of mortgage indebt
r-duess has therefore kept pai-e with the tn
• T'ate In Ealo* of real estate. Substantially
liiis relatioa brtwet-n the amount of mortgage
indelitedn*** and th» amount of repayments of
*!d mortgages has h«>en maintain^ for many
and lias conic to be considered a reliable
indication that the loaning of money on i-an
Trancisco real '¦state is b»inff done on con
wrvative *nd taf«> lines. The only notable dr
!<artur*-s from thi« condition occurred in the
LOANS AND RELEASES
Concerning loans and releases during:
the first half cf the year, the Real Estate
Circular says:
£a2e* in outside land and homesteads have
increased materially and were MS in number,
amounting to SI, 448.643. Improvements, both
of aclusi building erected and of street work
done, have made this possible. Larg* sums of
# monry have been thu« expended ln the Rich
mord and south of the park districts.
The purchaa* of real estate fcr tn-restment
during the present period of prosperity, vrhieh
h«« been *pr*reat in re«J estate transaction*
!»r tsearly two ye»rs. has been oonnnea *lm<>»t
••uUrely to business properUes. S«Je« In tn«
50 \-«ra »ectjoa were 355 ln number. «n<l
to J7,4W,«2 for tte past six months;
This 1* CO per cent cf the sales for the whole
<-ity for the same period. The total sale* in
the 100 vara district for the past sir months
were 2x6 in noaiber. and amounted to |5,4bi.-
The total number of sales mad* la the "West
«-rn Addition the nret half of the year 1902
»a« *7 476.C13. Even this hiBh total hae been
'¦scoeded by over a half mlUioa dollars for the
fir««t half of l»03. The cumber of sales were
uu for a total of $8,202,522. The business
l.lotis of the Western Addition aloag Larkln
and Polk streets and Van ICees avenue have
increased in value and Importance durinr this
half year. In the best residence district* of
the Western Addition prices are firm and con
tinue to advance. Here It is simply a case of
vrupp!y and demand; the demand is rood, the
5t;pj-.ly comparatively light. Purchasers who
are acenstomed to refuslr-«; property east of
• Vntral avenue because the price was $250 to
S..30 per front foot now find that even ln the
Presidio Heights Duirict these prices prevail
for the best properties or« the north side of the
ttrect and with unobstructed views.
The «-«].!> in the Mission district were S6S ln
number and amounted to S2.546.O45 for the
half year Just closed, a uniform incr»as« over
the totals lor any half year ln the last two
>ears.
SALES BY SECTIONS.
The « Ma^ee & Sons, ln the San Fran
ciaco Beal Estate drcular. review the
transactions of the first half of the pres
ent j-esr and give a very pleasing view of
tb« • "IHam attending th« realty
market- Some extract* from tho Circular
are given here. The most Important
ytaiemer.t is that the sales of real estat*
for the first half of 1303 ln San Francisco^
exceeded in amount the sales of any other
half year in the history of this city.
Ther* were recorded 3441 sales, represent
ing $25.rSS,lS>. This was 8.715,016 more
than the total lor the last half of 1901
Some details are as follows:
Choice Properties Are Dis
posed Of at Satisfac
tory Prices.
Realty Transfer Record
Is x Broken in First
Half of 190a
TOTAL OF SALES
IS $25,000,000
THE SAN FB AS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, J ULY 5, 1903.
44
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BaBBBBaBBBBaB
[RUPTURE GllRED.1
S * - ¦ ¦ . . ' '. ¦
g We are curing scores,of cases. THEY STAY CURED. 8
¦ We can cure you. There 14 no risk of any kind; we do not »
Jj hurt you ; you lose no" time, and you do not pay a cent till you E
¦ KNOW you are CURED. You realize your daily danger, S
a: and yo« know, what your present discomfort is. Then, whv 8
H delay? Come in and see us about it. There is no charge "
« for consultation. • q
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE S
g \ 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. ¦
5a«HaiiiiiiHHiBiBaipjip^ Mlfl , BWItaai| ,, aEB1HH B
HAUE'S. .1. HALE'S. ¦ | ;, J HALE'S. J HALE'S } ?A^ E>S > ' - ' \: v —
{jgLgg^r ' "" ' A Qrca.1 Hale Opportunity -^ ; ; '^^~*^ffl%£&> ffi,4p* 9 <*^
*^^ Hundreds Yards Dress Goods: Silks "-^SSZT
Stockings. I2&C, ISC Bfack . colored^ ; . i .. r ; if:;fi ¦ B| - | Unu^^
BOYS AND GIRLS . Unite for Monday selling at prices thatemphasize; beyond question the mightiness of this Hale six-store power. Fine, nice, new ones fixed up in
Two extra values. Not a narrow sa i e ; by any means, but a.great/bro'ad opportunity for choosing. The very goods tliat will make the prettiest summer t h e 'daintic?t ways; are about
Hale s have this week. dresses. ¦ - ' .' ; " t . half price
They are just as good as they Right at a time; when you are thinking about going to the coast on your vacation and wondering about all sorts of new dresses. y^ ents J. ' \
arecheap -. . $1.00 Etamincs at 7 & Yard../: , " 75c -Voiles at 49c. . 75 c Waisting Silks at 50c. '• S^ tlt^ d £ n embroidery and
Boys' at IzYiC. All dealers axe mighty, glad later^ to close out summer stuffs at a bargain. Bnt think of that bargain now. It's 'the Hale's way to give you advantage i aC e Insertion corners. Some of them
Fast black seamless cotton, bicycle of it when it will do you the most good. :¦:/.. : , ¦: [ '-V^r: i 'v:' 1^ . have hemstitched borders edged witn
r^bed. extra long and clastic-double Not only hosts of beautiful summer stuffs, but/ think of- it-also a few : jwo dosen here.
. ¦¦ .' ' Advance Fall Arrivals • .. . 'life-si
ton^x^rib^Sun^'wdKhK^e^i —Granites finches wide, at 7 St.. . S&?^S^"i3odSSS5 M itS:
long Sd 'dasti^smooth'rinish. / Sizes —Venetians at §i, $1.30, $O inches zvide. 7}i Cent5 ~^, WiSir
6 r° 9 %' a ?'! ¦¦•¦¦'._- Roval -Serge- that's' Hale's— in Tall weights, at 75c yard, ' 44 inches pride. ¦ ' Sne^awn handkerchiefs, hemstitched
By the dozen. $I.6> . . ' - -- '-¦¦•.¦ & , • , - -rt KZ : :iilU** .. . . and with lace Insertion, embroidered
-. • — A new Sponged CllCVtOt at 5OC, 42 inches Wide. .. . borders; some with lace corners, edged
Sale Fruit Jars ¥^ The very latest ituffs expressed to us by the makers as. soon as they, were off the looms so Hale's would, get them first. And now Hale's mark profit with lace. 1760 dozen.
Ball Mason Fniir Tars -the- at a minimum to make this great opportunity greater vet " ; . . ' ' . 9 <-ents—
caii mason rruit jars— -Uie The sa]g starts Monday m orning-an' irresistible chance not a woman shoujd let slip. Not only the items mentioned— many more— but not near enough , Worth i asc each,
kind almost every woman likes room to tell about them all. -You will do r.well to read these closely, but better 'come to the store and be among the first here Monday. Counters are full of lace Idgls a^TflneVatlnciinne's em-
hp"if R/»<f timA tr» fill -all veinr tnc greatest bargains of the summer. Read on : ,- v broldered borders; also some fine hem-
ucau £>c^u umc iu nil ail jour ;;v _ . V . . Btltched Swiss handkerchiefs with em-
n«»H«; fnr iht> fniit cMonn . » . * : ap" .-¦ _ __- ' • + -_ M . _ -¦¦ . broldered borders.
n- t oj TKa r AlA#«ii/l M^ACC iZr\f\f%&' *<¦:-' \\}&X%7 Y*H I I *>' Vti itlC It is the opportunity of opportunities.
— Pints, 48c dozen. 1 JIC WOlOr6Q LlrCSS VlOOOS llCW JPdll OtUllS Think of U-dvcr 6000 dozen handker-
Quarts, 58c dozen. Include: " ¦-'"'¦.' > . -rii;,,. 44-inch Granites at 75c— The granites are goingr to be popular as can b« this chiefs to choose from Monday morn-
— Half-gallons, 68c dozen. "« ¦?•«»". •* «*-»» Jnch. What; a pretty drc^s At will make! , Maybe voiii;' Venrtten « at 91.00 and $xio-You know how well they were" liked last '"Sever mind from whom thev came'
J £ I] V rTZrtCCrr nt -jnr tin-o* - W? ° ne ' here no reason for not haVinsr it. now. No black in the lot, yRar for faU suit a— still more ln evidence. this season. Here are the very or how we cot them— they are here and
jcuy utatscsai 3vcao~cn. so pay Hale's new price— 49c a yard Monday. ¦ .first. ; ¦ / .. at just about half-price Share them
ras ».^ H 4ft raO o^ p^^^^^^^g Wgi P -r zt ¦ m^$M§SWm §§§$ II th - ad 1 1 and you win gc -^^- in -
3h«t wSli i!^"^ mer fabrlcs - 4& and 50 Inches wide, but because tho lines are not full we 4 a-tach Sponged- Cheviot.. , Me^-Alrea'dy mhown. 50 inches wide at 75c and 100-PieCe Dinner Set
Ki x^, ltn e^ry "dozen urs a dozen put them In at one new price Monday, 59c yard. , $1.00— well worth looking into. . ' • *.,,,. ."'?
rubbers. Porcelam-hned caps. If you • • Cprkharl china " •
don't get a chance to come, telephone * 1 ' 85 FUld " at 78c 7** d — Some here that; were *1.50. 45 and 50 Inches wide. > ,_, u c .j, WzM ' V^ribuau turn*,
your order and we will deliver it Silk and wool fabrics are the thing. Think of buying these plaid* now 1 116 kMIKS Here S a chance tor Monday
quickly. _ _ at 75c a yard.; } VT ' a " lota b^ ind ln m *™™ value, for Monday that X 0 " W0I1 ' t fail tO a PP^ciate.
25C SwiSSeS, 15C yard I IlC INCW • . - 50c '"ina* Paacy Plaid Slli^-In all Ithe iL-ood colors. ¦. We haven't seen a pret- $22-5O ValllC at $17.95. -
P r^trr m XS nK 'rT ld Color* »re« 000*., ,1.50 >.^ colorings " SS » wV^uU^k^ ,00 pieces, decorated with neat floral
maSet has been SirirS^o Mate v™ ; for faI1 and wlnter - * he late^t.weaves.. -They are just here and we make inches wide. . . spray, thc^ newest shape scalloped
know But we boueht earlv anH W special mention of those to-day for to-morrow's selling at J1.50 yard.:. 65c Yard Corded Silk«— Broken lot of 85c and $1.00. fancy colors, but every «K«; handles and knobs o certain
S d now . M enSri? 'h,™ S Bouretted effect, a fuzzy, rough weave. Just as pretty as can be. .one good. 20 inches -wide ..There Is a beautiful -pink on© we noticed Sri pieces traced with gold. It is an offer
«inu uuw naic enterprise turns the , , . , . j ,,„_•, * tiniiarlv with white corded stripes. 55c . • «nrh a< we have not made in rnanv a
good think over to you at 1*: yard. on a fanc^ colored chevlot gTOun± "'I* yard ' " .., We* wiah^ilkL-Somo that were 50c a yard. £ Thl« Includes every yard of Sy and one not likelvTo be dnSlcaled
nne of pretty embroidered pat- n , - r> ' *- * ¦ ' .¦.•-:• ¦ ¦ ___ W n 8 «IrSiiL w f ha . ve -. Th e. white is soon Thinkine of a new table set'
te™ in full ety Such daimvsSm- Black DresS Goods .||. .¦ ¦ ¦ . ....... ¦ ll ;!ea5 0 SrTo P c r M e .X;- 3o * yard - 1 °- Come and «"?hil
W§?B$&^ HISS Hale's Have a Sale "X&&&*SftZ IWtarOSv»
TurkisWowe. s f , Shirt Waists, ¦ Skirts,- WM&§M#^ < For H e JeT day wear ' 3 hints
O O.g n ft f fh ¦ T} am , u^ make a- prettier suit or a cheaper V ™J*. Th*-re is 1 not a nicer lot in from Hale S.
lAtlOCl 4 em> Ke g^ Iar one.. 75c yard. - £-y g_ • j 'mm J • J C? Z±~ ;v -' ; - ? - : * own - Think of it. to-morrow they Mo cha«. tlJOO— 2-clasp silk embroidery
[rt^lU^I , rreach Suiting at 89c yd.— Silk and W I-B *+• 4- \A/ *+ | of W | | 1 1~ C so at *1.50. _. or Paris point stitching on back; gray.
<-*— f>, /2 wool. As brilliant as can bo. Only »gffe71-lll L B TT Cll^l OU1 L^« S9o yard Peau da Sole— Rejrular S5o mode, black; sizes Z to 7.
A smalHot-just a leaf on a tree a , y? 11^,^ 1 ' V^ak^a new T« <t a 'r* Mnn^ v ™rn,W «"«"»>•.. All the be«t sUple colors K. B. fcamDrtto OIotc., $1.0O-2-cla«p.
compared to the number who want llfd Mondav 89^ 44^n?hes w"dT It l rt Monday morning. • —no cream nor black. overseam. one row of embroidery on
them. That behooves earlv buvinJ »•>,«• Eti^to. Too rd^-Worth $100' Means much to. every woman ; Kolre ?•lour— 19 and 22 inches wide back; tan. mode, brown, red. gray.
Bleached, with fri£Wd I ends" spien- MeSffiS 1 tSSffSlfffh cloth! gjg -Who is summer outfitting. ¦ 1 - b * Ut " ot a » blue, black and white; sizes 5% to 7.
iS 3^^^^^^ i^S^l^iS 1^ ::¦:¦¦ TWho wants the latest, the best. ' fs^SSBS^^ S^«
rub do^n with, 20x^6 inches. , surface. Very swell. 79c yard. -Who is thinking of economy. yard Monday. sizes 5% to 7.
aA p2—i - "¦- " Wish. we could show them to you here. It-is not a sale of a min- ~~ &
1 Table Linens==Now . "Sale Kitchen Things ijt
A Dotted Lawn Waists at 75c. .^fc^d*^^* „ a.,m& •. fe.
4»K i sary hers. Not starched— they rely on their own strength. _,. ¦ .- ' . . ..„. ¦- . ' ¦ . c': n the .. m v *u, m u j *!v*
jMSf Troud of it Pure linen threads, and the very best at Fine lawn ; with stray dots appearing as if sewed in -th= material -W«e v alues har« fl. --T v ;< . lm ,
ff* that Plenty of them Six large tucks m front, four in the back. Full bust front, large pouch wu l 1 n hat con l c bu t once in a great % while: ft*
& When the Hale store talks linens it is time to listen— sleeves. - 'V^" do come it is time to take advantage of f&
(J) and we are talking linens to-day with all our strength. BOo— Of Madras pale pink and »lj35— Of extra . good quality lawn. SmS;!, t£f 1°^^V /° U T kltch - n " ee f? t Wlth bright new ~/s§\
*yk Time for you to fill vour table needs w t! te ' ?^ cl and whltA - i?rl ' enan ' 1 has J2 one-half inch tucks in Ot ™ 1 I f." s ,' t] } c verv be =*t and at worth-while savings. <^%&*
Sa. tj ¦ t mi your xaoie neeas. white, blue and white. 18 tucks front with 2 wide rows of Cluny Think of a JfcV JT*
SrJ * rices arc low. If we had to buy again we could not in front, tucked [.cuffs. lace, 6 tuoks in baok. Extra full 13*&
«/>* think of duplicating them. Think of B8c — A white -waist; -has two rows in front, sleeves arc wide with a. \^ l4-^V» «.— O a. 1 <—r J^»k
62=ln T«hiP nnmack <;nr S^;5^f5^A^^|iiSS^?sSs^^l^ Mtchen Broom at I7c.
*jfcg^ VXrTllI. I dUIC iJcLlllCLOMKf O\J\*» 75c— White Oxford polka dot -waist. feet, bishop sleeves, 7-gored 7 «kirt. It is unusual
CfZl It is a beautiful cloth, soft and firm-rich: that is the ' nark 'A regular i.% broom and worth every bit of it Made \M
/.JVk best description we can give. iVpureHnen. pure white n..*:« C :* ground with polka dot patterns. of fine corn— the bristles are put in td stay: welt wrapped y«^
Vfjp f "4 silver bljached-50c yard. 66 inches wide. -75c yard. Outing Suits. ; . ,: Wa^h Skirts and yet it is )i ff ht 2 nd pliable Picks up the dust easUy. £/?%&*
*gg /^ indies wide. Si.oo yard. . : pin6 ct.^bray £ad ducX, made up WaSH .Mondays price. 17c.
J&SrJb Pattern Cloths $1 00 in shirt waist styles. Ju.«.t tho 35c— Of covert. Savon sored, each laundry Soap, 8 Bart. 2Se — It is Swift's Prid?. and it \n S&^ft
l^ft» Think of that and it 1b nur^ damask hemmed 2 vd, lonr „, kind of suits for vacation outin?*. stitched to form pleat full limfth our pride, too To rHI at this low price Monday. Fins °^9T
/>* 7^\ Ju«tMof h*m ThVire'tds lone S ' fa.TS— Chambray. - stylo of skirt, with flare at, bottom , cleanser. 35o for S bars. * <6^
MR f-y-\ * i yde Ions' «« JP5 I vds lon/kra II S9 ' ' front « tr > mt " ed with poarl bt.t- forming kilt effect. Made very Wa "^f »owd«r, 4 C for lb. Faeka;**—^This Is Swifts too.
&?l L\:'-JP - tons: tabs' running from shoulder full. Tan and blue. ' . and i( you knew how «asf]y it cleans everything from Jc£
jgg^^faCT Damask Cloth 52 00 to bust line; tab?, front and col- $1.00 — Duck, in blue ;ind black, with dishes to rlothcs you would not be without it for a min- &fc&^
£l\ 2a^M r 3,j?i.^rsEa! »ur %l diH^^h^B7ii x^£'z£%?^£ bust-' ™ "^ ° ! - ™* costs s "» 3 » "«' 'Ms?
ISbs^V *'" ' ' "«»•?*•• -• insertion; 6 tucks in the back, stitchinjr, forming :i yoke effect. Iron Holders, 5c — Made of asbestos, protect the hand from >>r> l '**Sr
S^& /*?S Damask Cloth, $1.50. tucked cuffs. fl^O— pjque. seven-gored, and with _ th^ heat. They don't wear out fast. 6c. KJZtjl •»
(f.V llom«titchp<3 ° vd= lor,*,' rilvpr l>'<-ach«d \nrl rempmher $1-80 — In three styles. fine lawn triple tlounee. Feather Durter*. 39o— Worth t>Oc. but we throw out valuer jSSC^
ikA tl™ro Is n« narch In tnls ' rcmemDer tUf . k? . lace v insertions and cm- Other skirts in linen and pique Monday. 120 M-inch feathers in it— Ostrich, and thev are S«^l
mis. broidery.. from $1.95 to $3.^5 sind up. put ln to stay. Net a home but should share this to-mor-
a'(V Damask Cloth $1 00 " - • - • . : : ; • : • row at 390.
/nrl VrfnZT-* "'^ l ° nS alld finlS " €d Vitk COl ° rCd b ° rder * ¦"¦"""" M "^ "" ~~ ~ m ~— M SSS^flSft^SS^lia Si-wSSoV^It^St i S sma C !l U^ &WW
ESrJUL * ' A% 4 j^ » w-fc -t < /v- . either. Especially well made. Fine opportunity to ret
Damask Napkins, $1.00 Dozen. H| 1 / K r^Pk/i C tW&ZlfA C O «- on C i°"i ncr i? w ¦^ t , 48e -. ... & f*^
jS O Silver bleached, and every bit linen. This silver bleach is *P 1 mJJ%J UWUdl/l WClViS* 7t/V Waih Galvanized iron, won't rust, the best qual- w ;jg\\
coins to be popular— it is not ver>' old. but It is worthy *^ y ' Medium size; — larse enough for most women. *K\&
2$L doS. are : vhUe - ''. re y lnche6 -^ nlnk tlf thatat ?1 -°° '• Starting Monday: *^th!£^Jfi^fo8^^ and has a cpv "' Just
§%&\ 20x20 inches, $1.25. 22x22 inches, 12.25. Double bed size, gOOlL weight; Marseilles patterns ; hemmed. Dnrt PMif7c O -J f a O pa'nned? t there no fancy work. They x^Vr^fV
]K/£r Damask Sets, $4.50. T » * i r ,- i r n • j r. are made for me. 7c the price to-morrow. ' jyfk*% •%
/M\ Arloth with a dozen napkins The cloth Is 2 yds. long-nap- Ready for USC. (.lOOd full Size and quality. 95C HOW. Coffee . Pot. 39c— Worth ,50c. Some use for tea pot. 4 and ** 4&J9S&
i£Oi\ kins good l^rge ones. Are all hemstitched. $4.50 the set. T , •¦, t ¦- ,' , , f Tr , , ,. ,¦•¦/ a qt. sizc-29c to-morroiv. ..,...:,. _ i^PV
mJZ^~~^ 2»4 yds. long cloth. $5.00. 3 yds. long cloth. $6.00. . : Just a sample of bed-clothes, values from Hales this week that say r~r.r:-> f-j ; | -j \1 7
,'- ' ' stock-up'now for fall and winter. More: ,!; "¦fcflfl.-lTlClCQ VVflrG s~^ ffl
x-> LlDCrtV rfinnOrm "MarieUle» Bedipread*,. $1.75— Largo $3.50 Duck Teather PiUow«, $3.00 Hprp irp snm'p <;avi'n<j it^s with 1 vpiktmh-o -, n i' !^*T5
(/^ a-4iRyvi %.jr «^ukin ivii/uviio ; s i zet floral patterns. .. each— Weigh full 3 lbs.. 23x28 nere are mc saving iiems \viin a \engean<.e, ana \Z^4^
V^.tl T*n tnnfiri 1 4 . Gray Blankets, 85c— Heavy. fine inches: very best quality ticking. on the very best doilble-COated enameled Wart". C^^L.
V~L) ino-tunou 1 1^/^ floece. colored borders. 10-4 size. Pillow Cases, 13»ic each— Heavy Fvprv nip.-p pprtVrt ' '& '&£*&
iS^^ —Double-faced } EOw The thing for campers. blcaohe.1.- joined with French s-am. «-vci> f.iut
igS^S. • — In twa widths \ ,v ¦ \r * * Gray Blanket!, 31^J5— Heavy welghf. 45x36. inches. —L)ish pans- 39c. hold 12 quarts. , -A -'-"^nk
y^QgHK, in tWO Wiatns ) (Now price Monday) n-4 Fize. PJUow Case*, lS^c each— Bleached. —Berlin kettles.- 33c»4-quart size. M -'^f^k.
J fatty ffe ut SP « it: AnttralUn White Wool Blank«ta, extra quality.- 50x36 inches. —.sauce pot. 23c, 4-quart size, with cover. JB/ t:^-!**^
J&>J[Y//}\ Jt i? a bigcer barsain in thestore than it Isin the paper. See $4.B0 pair— Vink or blue borders, 30c Pillow Cases 15c— Hemstitched —Berlin Muce pans. 89c,- 2-quart size, with cover. ffj| F^&$k
S^W-M.\ fhn colors, feel the ouaiity-note Its richnms and beauty ellk binding, size for double bed. Lin" lirm lno muslhi 45x36 —Soap dishes. 18e— to ro on the wall, has drainer. T&£^3&&
and how U can be u.od for any purpose. Then to g *t it , W|lt. Wool Blanket.. $3.75 pair- in K. ™' ZS^^^tfe^loc^Srt si 2 e. with cover.
/TZ* No nbbon offering could be- more welcome. Comes 2% and 3»i ™,Ue cotton Brown Sheetinc. 18o yard. 20c yard —Soup pots. S5o— 1 0-quart- size, with two side handles. t£?\
\/«J^ > lilac An exqulclte ribbon— can be uaed for any purpose. siz<* -ix-«, ine universal oize. ox muiw. «• \JCv>>
ADVEETISEMEirr3.
tetT nusii'i
Sent on
Approval
\ WHAT IS A VACATION
WITHOUT. A SONG 1 t
Let cs send you some of the
Newest, keep them a few
dzys and return what
you don't want.
—j:
Benj. CurtSZ^Son
CK1CKERINC agcncv
1 - (cUitTA- OUILOINC*
'6 TO 2O. O'FARRELL 8T S. F.
C«" JM«. Fresno. *««n)«H. Siocwen *tlo *ltoPage#lm48
w V * Yi A
ST. PETERSBURG, July 4.— A Russian
woman engineer. Mrs. Konevsky. has
been commanded to help construct a rail
way from Valta-Bakhtchi8sarai Symphe
ropo. She is the first woman to receiva
such a commission. She studied engineer*
ing in* Paris.
Woman Builds Russian Railroad.
CALCUTTA, July 4.— The Sultan of Jo
hore is to the. East what Winston
Churchill is to England. Young, brilliant,
versatile, splendidly -irresponsible and
thrillingly brave; add to this a superb
physique and vast wealth, and 'then try
and find anything lacking to fire Malay
imagination.
When the Sultan laughs one is blinded;
a couple of teeth lost in an encounter
have been replaced by huge and magnifl-
Sultan of Johore, Who Is Popular in
[£g? I the' Far East, Is Visiting "^ ¦ %
Australia.
HAS LOST TEETH REPLACED
BY BRILLIANT DIAMONDS
PARIS, July 4.— Statistics show that
Holland consumes more smoking tobacco
than any other country in the world. Her
quota per head approximates nine pound*.
The United States comes second, with
nbout four pounds. Belgiunr and Ger
many are next, then Austria, with about
two pounds and a half. Norway and
Denmark come .before Canada, and
France is tenth, with about two pounds
per_head. , Sweden and Russia are almost
abreast, then England and* Italy." and
Spain is lowest, with one pound. Italy and
Spain, however, are the greatest consum
ers of cigarettes.
Hollanders Smoke the Most.
Exiles Appeal to the Czar.
LONDON, July 3.— Grand Duke Michael
of Russia and his morganatic wife.
Countess* Torby, have made a final appeal
to the Czar for forgiveness and permis
sion to return from exile. They have
taken Kelle Hall, in Staffordshire, for a
residence. The Countess Is one . of the
most beautiful women In Europe and a
granddaughter of the celebrated Russian
poet Pushkin. They have two children.
The Countess does not appear at any
court function because the Czar refuse.*
to recognize the marriage, but She Is well
received in society. The last appeal by
the exiled Grand Duke has again caused
gossip concerning the Czarowitz, Grand
Duke Michael, who is brother of Czar
Nicholas and heir to the throne If no male
children are born to the Czarina. The
Czarowitz Is still seeking a bride among
the royal houses of Europe. A match
with Princess Victoria, daughter of King
Edward, once seemed probable, but the
near relationship of the two has been a
barrier.
Her voice is a fine soprano of dramatic
tone and magnificent quality. Her
friends are predicting for her a grand fu
ture on the opera stage.
She learns a part well and has a good
repertoire, but her principal roles are
Marguerite in "Faust," Juliette in
"Romeo and Juliette," Elsa in "Lohen
grin." Elizabeth in "Tannhauser" and
Alda. .
Mrs. Becker Is a woman of most pleas-
Ing appearance, being tall and well built,
with graceful and refined bearing. She
has a splendid head of hair, dark blue
eyes, fine nose and very pretty mouth
and chin,— Indeed a perfect combination
of features in a very mobile face.
Mrs. Becker Is a daughter of Dr. and
Mrs. C. V. J. Ludwig of St. Louis, Mis
souri. As a child, she showed much talent
and aptitude for music, and later devel
oped a taste for the stage. After much
opposition on the part of her parents she
finally had their consent to make It her
career.
prominent place among the oper
atic stars of the Parisian sky.. Mrs.
Becker, who Is just twenty-four years of
age, after studying in New York under
Victor Capoul and Jacques Bouhy, made
her debut In Chicago In 19D0 k as Marguer
ite, playing under the stage name of
Josephine Ludwlg. '
She achieved the most pronounced suc
cess as to her vocal attainments as well
as her histrionic abilities. Under the man
agement of Henry W. Savage she sang
for two years ' in grand opera in New
York, Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Louis and
other large cities of the United States.
Then she went over to Paris and was pre
sented by Capoul to Manager Gailhard.
who was much impressed with her abil
ities and engaged her after the first hear
ing. ,
PARIS, July 4.— Mrs. Charles
Becker, wife of the Secretary of
the Chamber of Commerce at
Paris, under the stage name of
Jane Naria, has taken a very
"What beastly teeth a tiger has" Is all
that he said when he came up from under
his last trophy. "Tiger" is a magic sum
mons with him. A motor is always ready
at the palace to answer it, and there is no
speed limit in Johore. The Sultan Is now
on a visit to Australia, and may go U»
London during this year.
cent diamonds. Above all this youthful
potentate is a great sportsman. He hunts
his tiger on foot, and h^s killed sixteen—
more than one of them with that great
knife of his after a llfe-and-death hand
to-hand struggle.
Mrs. Becker, Whose Husband Is Secretary of
American Chamber of Commerce at the
French Capital, ; Stars in Grand Opera
WIFE OF UNITED STATES
OFFICIAL WINS PARIS
HAPPENINGS IN THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
YANKEE WIDOW REFUSES
SEVERAL BRITISH TITLES
AMERICANS APPLAUDED
ON THE PARISIAN STAGE
Miss Anna Jewell and Isidora
Duncan Gain Approval of
French Capital.
PARIS. July 4.— Miss Anna Jewell of
New York, a pupil of#Raoul Pugno, ap
peared Tuesday at a concert held by the
newspaper, the " Journal, and was much
applauded. The Theatre Sarah Bernhardt
contained an enthusiastic audience Thurs
day night on the final performance given
by Miss Isidora Duncan, an American
girl, who interprets classic dances. She
invited a couple, of hundred American art
students, girls and boys, to see her per
formance. AH accepted. This brought a
pleasant close to what has otherwise not
been a very brilliant run.
To Protect the Edelweiss,
GENEVA. July 4.— The prefect of the
High Alps has taken action to curb the
vandals whose depredations are tending
to extirpate the edelweiss. In future it
will be a punishable offense to tear up the
flower by the roots to sell Itl There will
be no more sentimental romance with a
man, a maid and the edelweiss as the
center-piece and the Alps as a back
ground. The prefect wAll Interpose a
vastly unsentimental law. .* . '
Celebration at San Juan.
, SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, July 4.— The
most elaborate celebration of Independ
*ence;day since' the American occupation
of this island occurred to-day. There was
a parade of the military and naval force?,
school children, public officials and civil
ians. It. was reviewed by. Island officials
and Bishop Blenk. No Spanish flags were
displayed. This evening there was a dis
play -nl. .fireworks .and. ai. ball. -' ¦ ~
While one regards the deac features with
horror the other looks on with a smile
of inspiration.
Some of the Oldest and Most Aristocratic
-. of Old World Noblemen Would Like
to Marry Mrs. Samuel Sloan Chauncey
model of a heroic monument to the
American poet, probably to be erected in
Baltimore. The poet is represented as
lying in death on *a marble slab. Two
men have just drawn back the shroud.
LONDON. July 4,— Mrs. Samuel
Sloan Chauncey has been of
fered several old titles since
corning here, according to com
mon report, but the rich New
York widow has refused them
a!l. Or.e admirer, who is said to follow her
every move with adoring eyes, is Arnold
a constant visitor at her pretty
house in Mayfair. Mr. Morley Is extreme
lywealihy, has an unassailable position
in the "smart set." belongs to half a doz
en of the best clubs, is 53 years of age.
but k>oks much younger; is a privy coun
cilor, once was Postmaster General and
.was chief Liberal whip for several years
wnder Gladstone. His father was Sam
uel Morley. M. P.. a noted philanthropist
and the head of one of the biggest whole
sale drug firms in the city of London.
Mrs. Chauncey and her sister, Lady
SCewborough, scored a great success with
their recent joint ball and cotillon. Mrs.
Chauncey's house was so blocked toward
midnight that the staircase was impas
sable. The big ballroom was lined, with
a kaleidoscopic array of silks and chif
fons crowned with flashing jewels. The
.number of American women present was
astonishingly large.
¦• :The cotillon was novel in the extreme
nnd the American touches made an a.p
'ptal, : especially to the fashionable onlook
ers. ¦ . • -
The umbrella figure was the - most
amusing. Each dancer carried an um
brella of a different color.
.In the next the men marched in pam
pas hats and carrying long sticks, and
with their partners performed a cake- .
Vaik. amid a storm of cheering.
'.Mrs. Chauncey's niece, Madeline, for
whom the bail was given, was in her ele
ment. She seemed to get on well with a
handscme young English peer and later
yfth. Winston Churchill, M. P.
There were lots of Duchesses, including
the Duchess of Roxburghe, who brought
hex daughter. There were the Marchion
ess of Dufferln. the Countess of f Warwick.
Mrs. "Willie" James, Marchioness of
Camden, the Marchioness of .Granby and
the Countess of Coventry. |
-" The men were among the most eligible
cf the bachelors Jn London.
It !s largely due to Lady Saville that .
£lrs- ChaaBCTji-liiS'WquicktxVlsen in'jthtr
eocial firmament. Wherever the Savllles
g'o Mrs. Chauncey goes with them.
New Monument t> Poe.
; PATilS. July 4.— Apropos of the great
interest j n Edgar Allan Poe recently re
vived t in Paris, the gifted young bculptor,
.3 <^'de Charmont, has just finished a
Mrs.* Herman Oelrichs in Ireland.
LONDON, July 4.-Mrs. Herman Oel
richs, who with- her son is at the Carl
ton, has gone to Ireland for the interna
tional races, and will be the guest of the
Duke and Duchess of Manchester at Tan
deragee Castle.
Pages 45 to 48
• Rochetulon. has brought "suit to
Htop the payment to her husband of an
annuity of $5000 per annum. Four years
after marriage she offered her husband a
life annuity of $5000 if he would leave
the country and not defend -a separation
suit she had decided, to bring. The bar
gain was concluded and the annuity paid
till last year, when the Marquise had the
separation " decree transformed to a di
vorce and was released from all ties of
marriage.- -She considers she no- longer
owes the annuity to her former -husband
and has brought "suit to recover the
amount. .....:.
bo In the porsesslon of her nephew, the
Duke of Portland.
PARIS. July 4.— Mile, de Bondy, who
had a dower of 4,000.000 In 1S88 when
A she married the Marquis de la
Lord Salisbury's estate lies chiefly In
the fitrand. East End. and City; -while
the others mentioned own nearly all the
Wctt End. A groat deal of property, liy
Jhe way. f n London that belongs to Lady
Bolsover is often erroneously supposed to
London is owned by comparatively few
people. The Duke of Norfolk, Lord Salis
bury, the Duke of Westminster, the Duke
of Bedford. Lord Cadogan and Lady Bol-
Bover between them own more "than half
lYw ground rents of London.
The Marquis of Bute is probably the
mot-t absolute owner of town property in
England, for the whole of Cardiff practi
cally belongs to him. »
LONDON. July 4.— It Is surprising
how many towns and parts of
cities in England are owned by sin
pie individuals.
DECLINES TO
PAY ANNUITY
TO EX-HUSBAND
LONDON OWNED
BY A VERY FEW
INDIVIDUALS
PARIS. July 4.— "LaudP ("Praises"),
a new book of verses by Ga
briel d'Annunzlo.. has been ' con
demned by the Pope's censor,
under orders from the Pontiff. It
is* held to contain severe reflections on
"Our Lady of the Seven Sorrows." In.
order to wipe out the offenses to the
memory of the Virgin the diocesan com
mittee has .directed that a solemn expia
tory ceremony -take place in- the Church
of St. Marcel of Rome to the "Virgin of
the Seven Sorrows." ' The volume opens
with a salutation to the master, Giosuo
Carduccl. The doctrine expressed by the
writer in his: "Praise of Life" 13 that of.
PARIS. July 4.— Madeleine Cauchet.
a young: girl from the classic
heights of Montmartre. Paris, has
Just made the tour of the world
without a sou in her pocket, giving les
sons In French to pay her way.
She took four years for the trip and
traveled through Belgium, EngUnd.
America, South Africa, Australia. New
Zealand, China. Japan. Slberra, Russia.
Germany, etc. Miss Cauchet will soon
recount her exprlences before the Paris
Society of Geography.
Nietzsche, seen through a Latin ana art
lst-ooet's evea
POPE'S CENSOR
DISAPPROVES
OF NEW BOOK
FRENCH GIRL
TRAVELS FAR
WITHOUT A SOU
MEN WHO OWN MUCH. OF THE LAND ON WHICH LONDON STANDS.
RICH FRENCH WOMAN WHO DECLINES TO SUPPORT EX-HUSBAND
AND AMERICAN MATRON WHO IS STARRING IN PARISIAN OPERA
SAIST FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 5/1903.Plays and the Players.
"Yes," his wife safc happily/ "He was
aBle to arrange his vacation to come with,
me. He- is out hunting antig.ues» in China,-
"Mr. Bingham is hero with you?"
"Very proud," replied her daughter
very tenderly. "Of course, there are nice
people, really nice, on the stage as well
as elsewhere. There are all. kinds. There
is a 400 as well as a 'submerged tenth'
only you hear more about the submerged'
tenth, and the world doesn't know Just
where to draw, the '. line." Still we are not
the strolling minstrels any more. •-.•¦•
But I did not go on the stage untllafter
I was married. I wanted to be a painter,
my, father was an artist. No, a course in
a Methodist university, where I was edu
cated, is hardly suggestive training for
an actress!"- ; . . *; >
""You are not of an acting family, I un
derstand, Miss Bingham?" :
"Not at all," x and the actress rippled
outright. '"My dear old grandmothers,
both of them. . have never been in a
theater in their lives. My mother' has
been there only less seldom. She had many
wrong ideas about the stage— like all peo
ple who know little about it. and it hurt
her at first for me to go on. But now "
; "She is proud?— ¦—" *
"Thank you,", said this other manager.
"He's a dear, fine fellow, and one of the
cleverest stage managers we have."
"What did v you do - with Frohman
mostly?"
"Everything," " Miss . Bingham replied,
smiling -a gain. "I was what he called his
producing leading , woman. I would ap
pear in three, four, . five plays during
the season, creating all "my part3. Peo
ple never knew where to find me, farce
one vweek, melodrama the next. It was
an Immensely useful experience, for you
can- understand its .broadening effect. I
am not bound to any one kind of part
you sec, and it • makes It much easier
therefore to get plays." "V
"You remind me of Henry Miller,". I
said, remembering/the actor-manager's
wonderful conscience In his detail..
that n. man never notices, and it all
counts." - - • :
curious situation* And one must have
new plays. The revivals will not pay.
Where a play formerly ran for five or six
years it will hold now only one or two
seasons. That. is one of the reasons for
the Shakespearean productions that are
now so happily plentiful. But there Is so
much money involved, in s this matter.
With what you spend on a production,
such as one cares to have, that you peo
ple can damn into disuse by a few strokes
of your pen, you could- get a nice piece
of real estate fn the heart of New York.
That is how I put It to myself when I'm
reckoning up. Still, I am going to put on
the first effort of a new playwright next
season, 'The Canterbury Pilgrims,' by a
son of Steel© Mackaye. I hope It will
go. No, People should take this amuse
ment question more seriously."
But 'here Mr. Bingham, hungry, ap
peared to remind his wife that she haa
had no luncheon, courteously inviting us
to join them. Our refusal brought out a
humorous: "Oh, well, you newspaper hi
dalgos always scent a bribe in a cup of
tea! We'll be friends after the story ap
pears."
And so we said our good-byes.
"Yes,J'm happy in it," acknowledged
their manager. "I am rather proud of
myself in securing Mr. Abingdon, for in
stance. He is a London favorite, and I
thought could hardly be persuaded to
come over here. » • • And how he does
revel in your scenery! He has enjoyed
every minute of the tour, I think. We all
think it'* wonderful enough."
We talked mountains and things awhile
and then I asked: "You are to give us
other plays besides 'The Climbers'?"
"Yes. another Fitch comedy, adapted
from the French. 'The Frisky Mrs. John
son.' and 'A Modern Magdalen.' adapted
from an old Swedish play by Haddon
Chambers," the actress replied. "The
Chambers play is on something of the
Ibsen order, wonderful body, I think."
"Have you played any Ibsen?"
"No, not yet," and the actress put a
pensive finger to her pale cheeks. Then
came to me the impression of her extra
ordinary renosefulness. Beyond resting
her cheek for a moment on her hand, and
leaning slightly forward at times. Miss
Bingham had preserved her graceful still
ness, since we began to. talk. Her voice,
low, sweet, almost a caress, added elo
quently to the impression. Then she went
on: "Tbe financial end of Ibsen is so un
certain, and one must have money to do
things"— there is. by the way, a strong
practical strain In Miss / Bingham's
make-up.
"It Is only good for a matinee—finan
cially," I add from my .email experience.
"But I must tell you an odd Ibsen hap-
"Five hundred nights." Miss Bingham
said, gently proud. "It was my first
managerial venture and, by the way, my
original . company has turned out six
stars."
"Who are " <
"Oh, Robert Edeson, Annie Irish. Minnie
Dupree. Madge Carr Cook and— who are
the others?" she puzzled. Later I found
they were Arthur Byron and Clara Blood
good, a little band of which any man
agerial instinct might reasonably, be
proud.
"Yotu- company now is excellent," I
testify*
"It is a great responsibility," she said
gently. "One feels a little like the old
woman in the shoe— so many children she
didn't know whatMo do, you know. I
think a woman takes It, too, less easily
than a man. She sees littlei things— just
as you <1» when you go about your- horned.
"It must be- tremendously hard work?"
I say, looking at the pale. . thoughtful
face before me. the eyes a little tired, the
mouth a. little sad.
"Yes, then came my\five years with Mr.
Frohman," she recalled, "and then,.- then
came my own managerial work. Three
years ago I began on my own responsi
bility."
"Do you kriow that It was with Mr.
Rankln that I was here last?" she then
asked. "We did 'The Danltes,' 'The Wife'
and a number of other things. How long
ago It seems."
"Then came your Frohman experience?"
pt-ning." Miss Bingham's rare smile, like
pale sunlight, broke out.. "When we were
in Denver some one who knew things
there asked us why we didn't go and
play ./Victor for one evening. 'Victor?'
We didn't know anything about Victor,
which, it seems, is just a mile and a half
beyond Cripple Creek. We didn't know
if our play would suit, or anything. But
we went. Oh! and the glorious ride
there. I never expect to see anything
more beautiful. Mother Nature has sim
ply surpassed herself. • • • We played
'The Climbers,' and would you believe It,
we never had a brighter audience. But
that's not it. After our play was over
what do you j think we found? Mary
Shaw's 'paper.' She had played 'Ghosts'
there two weeks before to crowded
houses!" ,- ~
"That's nothing," I boast. "We have
had 'The" Lady Inger of Ostrat' here."
"No really," Miss Bingham smiled. "We
have not had that pleasure yeL in New
York." /
"Nance O'Neil produced it," I supply.
"Ah? She is. a variously courageous
person, I hear " *
"A talented one."
"You people. , partly," she said, bowing
# to me. "You critics. You are too hard on
'the young playwright. If the young writ
ers are :.not encouraged where are the
dramatists of to-morrow to come from?
There's ¦ something to think about. Yqu
cari't starve any art and get good workT
They've got to eat to live. Food is the
public encouragement of talent. Look at
this play of Richard Harding Davis, 'The
Taming of 'Helen,' "that Henry Miller
brought out this year. Every one but the
critics seems to have liked it, but they
pulled it to pieces unmercifully." They may
be right. But it was Davis' first effort.
Can he go on now?. Will he have- the
heart foe it? And the scarcity of writers
makes those who are known almost pro
hibiilvo in tbejr prices* All round i$ is a
town just now. He'll probably come back
with something wonderful soon."
Here Mr. Blngham, brown-haired, brown
eyed, brown-faced, brown-suited and even
brown-tied, came in beaming: "Oh,
mamma, I've - got you the prettiest
kimono you ever saw!- 1 — oh, how do you
do?" Then, with the information that he
would await his lady in 'the grill. Miss
Bingham's husband discreetly vanished.
"Didn't I tell, you so?" she laughed.
"He has furnished our house almost com
pletely with antiques. • ? • You know
that It was under my husband's manage
ment I first went on the stage?"
"Yes. In a theater on the Bowery
somewhefe.'^r replied. "You went on at
a moment's notice, taking the part of the
leading lady, who hadV fallen ill. as Lu
cille in 'Passion's Slave'— doesn't the story
run so? and a critic, who had happened
in to make fun, stayed to praise. He
headed his story next day 'A Diamond
Set in a Bracelet of Brass,' 'A Bowery
Actress '¦Who •.Would Adorn Broadway'—
n'est-ce-pas?"
"Where did you get all that?" she
laughed.
"Your press agent," I replied. "But we
play 'Lucille' no longer!"
"And it to also very difficult to get
things to play," she retorted.
"How do you account for it?lL
An Actress Who Prefers Plays Written for a Whole Company to One Built for the Exploitation of a Solitary Star.
* * B> ,. alrnost *very manager In New
York," the woman manager replied. "I
came .across It in going to hear another
play. Mr. Fitch asked me to hear a play
of h1« written for a woman star and I
didn't like iL I liked it well enough, how
ever, to ask if he had anj-thing else. 'Not
to euit you.' he said. He could not com
prehend that I could care for a play writ
ten for a stock company Instead of for
a f tar. At last he told me of 'The Climb
ers,' insisting, too, on the fact that all
the other managers had rejected it. Then
he read me the first act. I said 'That
will do. He read the second and I gave
him my check."
'"How do you account for its refusal by
•the other, producers. Miss Bingham?"
"Oh." she said, thoughtfully, "it was
the funeral scene that frightened them—
those three figures coming on In their
rrape. Then the dark scene where Ster
ling confesses his srullt was another
stumbling-block-just the things that have
proved most attractively novel In the
whole play. • • • They have bo tar
.hindered He production in London, by the
way. The Enellsh rights were sold long
ago, but It has never yet been produced.
I hope to produce it myself there next
year."
"And it ran for a lone time in New
York?" . j-..;
"It was an unmixed Euccess," I add.
"There was the problem of the play,
too," Miss Bingham went on. "The crape
\z more or less appalling at the opening,
but we never had an audience that caught
the fun of the fcituation more qulcklyl
When they laughed at the hungry widow
I knew immediately that everything was
all right. And, really, I don't remember
the play ever going arty better."
'IWasn't 'The Climbers' frequently re
jected before you accepted it?"
"Oh, they almost all Bay that you do
know the good thing," she averred smil
ingly. "It is not that But a New York
run counts for nothing here. Your dis
tance seems to make you independent,
ana we In New York can never count on
a play's success here just because it suc
ceeded In the East."
"So you were afraid?"
"Well, it is a long way— do you realize
how far and how expensive?— to bring a
large organization of players to a possible
failure." the actress said seriously, and I
realized that before me was the woman
manager, with the hap of two score peo
ple upon her feminine shoulders. "But
they did not let us stay long in doubt last
night as to how they liked us," she con
cluded, happily.
"I am a very happy woman." Miss
Bicgham returned, seating herself In a
graceful, slightly conscious pose. She
wore a glove-fitting black silk gown,
quiet smartness itself, with its latticed
spaces, embroidery and yellowed lace
yoke. The hat was of white straw, with
a demure wreath of roses, for those who
care to know, and her chief Jewelry was
a. wedding ring. "I feel," she went on.
solemnly happy, "that I could take San
Francisco right into my arms for its
kindness. You know they tell such
awful stories of you people— that you are
cold, peculiar, most critical and so on. I
was really frightened to death to bring
my people out here."
"Now, what do they reallysay about us
in the effete East. Miss Bingham— that
we. do know the beau dramatic or that
•we don't V
and brain.
Like ail fanatics — and your fanatic and
genius are the only people who do
'things— Miss Bingham is immensely in
earnest. Everything matters. I relt while
with her that the Bingham production
of "The Climbers" m San Francisco, Just
ftn the map of the Americas, on a juvenile
planet in the midst of a thousand thou
sand solar systems, was the one thing of
import in the whole universe. I humbly
respect Miss Bingham for making me
feel thus. I greatly respect the result of
this her attitude toward -her art. I re
spect and wholly envy its tremendous
•Optimism.
The actress greeted me almost on the
spot where I first Fhook hands with Mrs.
Pat Campbell, In a corner of the- parlor
acreage of the Palace Hotel— Mrs. Pat be
cause it is only to say that what Mrs.
Campbell is. Miss Bingham is not—ex
cept an artist and a charming woman.
The air was piquant with the contrast.
JHrs. Campbell had forgotten the Inter
view. She is the soul of an imperial un
pu4ctuaUty. She offered me two minutes
and the artist one— which I had the wls
dda not to accept, but which, perforce,
the artist was obliged to. Miss Bingham
. m,et us on the moment. She was cartful
courtesy itself^ For the time being we
meant duty, and she was wholly, gra
ciously, at our service. • • • And the
viewpoint*. With laughter on her iips,
and- tragic eyes. Mrs. Campbell has light
mockery for herself, for you. for her
world, her art. She is a woman of no
Importance, you are a charming cipher,
the world is a gay nothing. Yet may you
• see the sudden shimmer of tears in the
Einile, feel the silent spilling of blood upon
..the pitiless altars of perfection— at the
feet of a god who is dumb. • • • Every
'word from Miss Bingham's eober lips
proclaims her belief that life is worth
living. She walks with the feet of faith
to a goal that she has determined to 2nd
pood. Her conscience— worn on her
sleeve— is comfortably, thoroughly, whole
somely satisfied with its Ideal, if divinely
<Us<«ontented with its achievements. "Life
Is real, Jlfe is earnest." with her. and
. the most Important thing in it Miss Bing
ham's dramatic family and its doings
-Mrs. Campbell's metier is "The Second
Mrs, Tanqueray" kind of thing. Miss
Bingham rejects a Clyde Fitch play be
cause the star part is "not nice." Mrs.
Campbell willfully plays whatever she
pleases. Miss Bingham wisely produces
what the public wants. And so it goes.
The physical difference is not less
•marked. MJss Bingham, with her pale,
gold hair— worn In the unusual curl, her
clear, pale skin with its tiny gold
freckles, her cool, thoughtful, green-gray
eyes, her small, firm mouth and Jlmply
waisted, trimly molded figure, is the
foil perfect for the somber, careless
beauty of Mrs. CampbelL She looked
tired the other day as she greeted us, but
it. was the happy weariness of the artist
conscious of splendid work done, and, per
suaded of the value of the task, grateful
also for its handsome appreciation by the
public
"You must be pleased to-day," I said,
as we shook hands.
Most seriously. Miss Bingham herself
takes the amusement question. "The
Climbers" production of the evening be
fore, handsomely complete from the
uast's brains to its shoestrings, had
prepared me for any amount of con
science in its producer. It is all there.
•Miss Bingham Is a conscience incarnate,
her religion the stage, her leit-motiv its
betterment. Flaubert died— it is said— of
his' passic&ate search for the Word Abso
lute: this woman-manager is obsessed
by the same sacrificial passion for per
fection. Not that her light is— of course
it Is not— the high essential flame of
Flaubert; its humbler spark is only as
clear, as eallent. Here is the genius of
infinite painstaking, the difficult art of
persistence. She acts, possibly, less by
th« grace of God than by the will of Miss
'Bingham. but to her dramatic Meal she
bring all she has and is, her body, soul
> y ¦ -^ EOPLE should take this
•w • I A question of amusement
* I J more seriously." thus para-
I doxlcally spoke Miss Amelia
\ Bingham in her little talk
with me the other day-
"The Prince of Pilsen," "The Sliver
Slipper," "Florodora," "The Sultan of
Sulu" will all be seen here during the
coming season.
Robert Edson in "Soldiers of Fortune"
is to pay a visit to the coast next season.
He Is one of the recognized lights of the
starry theatrical firmament.
Margaret' Anglin has signed a new con
tract with " Charles Frohman. Among
other arrangements made there is one
calling for her starring engagement in
London. . -V .
V- • • • •
Amelia Bingham's new play for next
season is called "The Canterbury Pil
grims," It is the work, of .the late Steele.
Imported from England is the fad of
walking long distances, at Intervals, for
hygienic reasons. A number of member*
of the London Stock Exchange started it
a few weeks ago by padding the hoof
from the metropolis to Brighton. Now it
has reached New York. Actors have
taken it up with avidity. Among the
theatrical people who walk from seven to
twelve miles every other day are Sidney
R. Ellis. Frank McKee, Oscar Hammer
stein, Lawrance d'Orsay, D. A. Bonta and
Thomas Q. Seabrooke. They start from
the Lambs* Club and go around Central
Park and. back to the clubhouse. That :s
a good twelve-mile stroll, IX you want to
Maclyn Arbuckle, who Is to play the
leading role in Henry W. Savage's pro
duction of "The County Chairman." the
spectacular comedy-drama, by George Ade,
next season, is regarded as the strongest
golf player at "Winthrop center, Mass.
• • •
George H. Broadhurst is one of those
playwrights who are able to "stage"
their own plays. Mr. Broadhurst's lat
est comedy, "A Fool and His Money."
was rehearsed and produced by the
author.
Mackeye's son. It will be put on In New
York after another revival of v The
Climbers."
* "Go to Europe, my dear child." I told
her. "and stay there two or three years.
You have money enough now, and, be
sides that, you can get engagements over
there." She is an artist, has made a suc
cess there and will be as popular as ever
In her own country when she returns.
" 'Yes, Bispham was right. To keep in
the first-class the singer or musician,
even though he or she be American born,
must not settle down here. That is al
ways fatal. If they are willing to fall
into the second rank of our local church
and concert singers it will do them no
harm to re here.* "
" 'And he was right. Only a few years
ago a young soprano came to me for ad.
vice. I had already declined to book her
again because I found that the last tlma
I tried it there was very little demand for
her services. I could not even get half
the fees that had formerly been paid to
her. She asked me what in the world to
do.
• "I prefer to remain In England," he
said, "and come over for several months
every year as a singer from Europe. I'm
afraid there would not be much interest
in me if I stayed over here too many
months in the year."
" 'There was a time when not only the
American slngere lived in their own coun
try, but the foreigners stopped here as
well during the summer. Christine Nils
son used to spend her summers between
tours here, while Clara Louise Kellogg
and Annie Louise Cary were never
ashamed to live in their own countries for
some years. But now the shrewd singer
knows enough to fill her professional en
gagements in the United States and have
her home In Europe so she may return to
it just as she. would if she had been born
in Poland, France or Croatia.
" 'In England it makes no difference
whether an artist lives there or not. Mme.
Albant had her house In London for years
and Mme. Melba has recently taken a
house there. Clara Butt, Andrew Green.
Eduard Lloyd and Ben D&ries al! ilva
in London, but that does not prevent
them from getting the best engagements.
They do not find it necessary to rush to
the Continent so soon as the musical sea
son is over because their homes are there.
" 'Somebody tried to persuade Ben Da
vies, the English tenor, to settle in tha
United States. But he Reclined laugh
ingly.
" 'For that reason Mme. Nordica. too,
gets away as soon as she can. and so do
all the other American singers who are
able to go. They know how important It
is commercially for them to be identified
with the foreigners who come over every
winter. If they stopped here during the
summer and had their permanent resi
dence in New York they would soon find
themselves left to sing in oratorio, sec
ond-class concerts and musical festivals.
" 'Even the foreign artists who have de
cided to settle here soon find that the pub
lic estimate of them changes. They be
come a part of the local crowd and that is
enough. I remember how popular Del
Puente used to be as long as tie was an
occasional visitor to this country. Once
he settled down here to live the publio
seemed to pay very little attention to
him. Look at the experience of Mme.
Fursch-Madl and Emll Fischer. They
were certainly appreciated enough when
they were on the operatic stage. But one*
they were regular residents of New York
the feeling toward them was very differ
ent.
" 'The opera singers all realize that and
try to get out of the country as soon as
they can after the last performance. They
are more eager about it than the foreign
ers. Suzanne Adams went abroad this
spring because she was going to stag at
Covent Garden. But it is highly Improb
able that either Mme. Nordica or Jim?.
Eames will sins before returning here
next winter. David Bispbam appears oc
casionally In London nowadays, but ha
sings here twenty times for every one ap
pearance in England.
" 'Mrae. Eames has practicallyappeared
during the past ten years only at tha
opera-house in New York. So one would
suppose that residence in this country
would be much more convenient for her.
But she is shrewd enough to see that her
professional value would diminish Imme
diately if she became Identified with local
singers.
" "There is very little doubt of the truth
of it,' the agent said. 'The wisest Amer
can singers are those who can find em
ployment for a certain part of every year
in Europe, and then return here for the
musical season only. I could give you the
names of several American singers who
had acquired very good places in England
—I don't mean the very highest— and then
to their grief came to this country to live,
thinking that, .being Americans, they had
best settle here. They soon realized that
the people here are very loyal in their de
votion to American singers, but take a
great deal more interest in those who live
abroad than those who stay in the United
States.
"A,8un reporter asked one of the beat
known musical agents in this country
recently if' Mr. Bispham's contention
was true and that musical artists would
suffer by residing permanently in their
own country.
"David Bispham's statement in a Lon
don court that it would be professional
suicide to live in his own country may
sound exaggerated to persons unacquaint
ed with the business phases of a singer's
profession, but it is comprehensible
enough to singers and other musicians
who live abroad and come here only when
their business calls them."
IN the dearth of local musical activ
ity—In which there is a silence that
can be heard— I cannot do better
than reproduce the following emi
nently suggestive article, from the
New York Sun of a few days ago.
It applies with perfect aptness to the lo
cal situation, not only musical but liter
ary and artistic, with the exception that
New York may be substituted for Europe
as the desirable horizon:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, :SUKDAY,>JULYo, 1903;
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
46
I By^BIANCH E P!AJRTINGTON•— >REAT SACHEM TYRRELL, re-
I y cently paid an. official visit to the
>-> tribe of Improved Order of Red
Men at/Ukiah, when the work ,/was ex
emplified by the adoption of .four pale
faces. The membership of the tribe there
is made up of the very best element and
The Red Men.
PEOPLE WHO ARE WELL
KNOWN, IN LOCAL FRATER
. NAL, SOCIETIES. r
Woodcraft.
WESTERN ADDITION CAMP of
the Woodmen of the World and
California Circle of the Women
of Woodcraft gave a joint entertAinment
and party in Pioneer Hall last week. Th»
large number of people who attended en
joyed a fine programme of entertaining
numbers and listened to addresses by
Neighbors Clark and Ross of California
Circle. Walter Shaw was chairman of
the camp's committee and Lulu Trimble
of the circle's committee.
-TYIGH CHIEF RANGER SANFORD
I— | of the Ancient Order of Foresters
1 -1 announces the following official vis
itations: In Oregon— To Medford, July 11;
Portland. 13; Troutdale, 14; Wasdougal,
15;'Camas, 16; Oregon CUy. 17. In Wash
ington—To Tacoma, July 18; Seattle, 21;
Mount Vernon, 22; Anacortes, 23; Fair
haven, 24; Whatcom, 25; Sedro Wooley,
27; Everett. 28.- Seattle. 30. He will also
pay a visit to Walla Walla in the early
part of August.
High Court Woodward W.« F. Jones will
pay a visit to Court Rose City. Santa
Rosa, July 9.
Court Prosperity of this city has char
tered a special car for the purpose of go
ing to San Mateo to pay a fraternal visit
to Court Pride of San Mateo on the night
of July 15.
In the .early, part of the present quarter
the high chief ranger addressed a circular
to the courts of the Jurisdiction asking
Ancient Foresters.
ing, refreshments, distribution of fancy
and useful articles' by >T the medium of a
grab bag, under the'superylslon. of J. T.
Glbson.'and'the presentation of souvenirs,
to those who were voted the mO3t popular
which she holds her membership, but the
other lodges.
On the last Saturday in June Amity
Lodge entertained the membership of
Templar Rebekah Lodge in its quarters
In the Odd Fellows' building. There
were many present, who enjoyed the en
tertainment provided, while the special
guests of the evening felt that there was
a true spirit of fraternity In the cordial
welcome extended. After the speaking
and the entertainment there were dancing
and the serving of a collation.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge on the last
Tuesday in June gave an entertainment
and dance in Prospect Hall, I. O. O. *.
building, which was attended by a very
large number of people, who were enter
tained with one of the most pleasing pro
grammes that have ever been offered by
a lodge of this branch of Odd Fellowship.
The affair was under the management of
Junior Past Noble Grand Erne Happ Ja
cobs, who was assisted by Samuel Jacobs
as director general, Ada Gunsals, Minnie
F. Dobbin, P. N. G. ; Prlscilla Munroe,
Lucy Morrison and Mrs. J. T. Gibson. The
several numbers were: Piano recital. Miss
13. Cox; recitation, >Mlss Zetta Henry;
fancy toe dance," little Irene Bond; mono
logue. Miss Rao Goldstein; contralto solo
Bonnie Collins; French dance. Lillian Ros'
bach; piano recital, Lola Gehrlg. ¦
The accompanist at the piano was Jean
ette Howell. ' '
? After the programme there were"dancV
C. M. Brand, president, and J. F. Nich
ols, secretary of the general relief com
mittee, after months of close attention
to the duties of their respective offices,
decided to take a day off, so last week
they. went to Sausallto, hired a boat and
started off on a fishing excursion. The
anglers baited and fished for hours with
the result that the president caught four
rock .cod and the secretary, cavfght cold,
but after returning to shore the latter
"landed" a candidate for Templar Lodge.
The' degree team of San Francisco, of
which William B. Curtis is master, re
ceived a set of robes last week which was
purchased at a cost of $1200. These will
be used the. next time the team- confers
the degrees. On the last Saturday in
June the team conferred the | second de
gree on ten Initiates. -_v.'v;'
in the lodge room, namely, Gabrielle Gress
and E. C. Stock. A special souvenir was
also voted to Mrs. Minnie F.DouUln for
popu^rityin the lodge. This lodge will
install Us officers on July 7.
Mra. H. W. Ootbofr, noble grand; Miss Grace
Bray, vice Krand; Mra. Maud Dennett, record-
Ing, and Miss A. Brown, financial secretary;
Mrs. A. Durnlnsr. treasurer; Mr«. Lottie Car
eon, chaclaln: Mrs. Carrie Coffin, past noble
grand; MUs Cora Obsvlg. warden, Mrs. M.
Simmons, conductor: Mrs. Marcella Black,
drlllmaster; Mrs. Dora Baker, Inside, and Mrs.
A. Gould, outside guardJ
The Installation was followed by the
presentation of a Jewel to the retiring past
noble grand and of a collar to the outgo-
Ing ncble grand. Mrs. Osthoff, who was
installed as noble grand, is one of the
most active Rebekahs In this city, and
being gifted with histrionic talent is al
\\£ys ready to assist in promoting the so
cial features of not only the lodge in
The officers of Golden Gate Lodge I. O.
O. F. will be installed July 14. Those of
Occidental Lodge will be installed in pub
lic on. July 1C.
The "new officers of Oriental Rebekah
Lodge were installed last Wednesday by
District Deputy Flora Bergman, assisted
by her staff. .
Amity Rebekah Lodge will have its offi
cers installed in public on July 25.
The following nameu orflcers were in
stalled for Templar Rebekah Lodge on
the first Saturday In Jujy, the Installation
being by District Deputy Mrs. Flora
Bergman and her staff in the presenc^
a large number of members of the order
who were anxious to see how. the new
deputy would succeed in the ceremonies.
HERMANN LODGE No. 145. which
some of the members think by rea
son of its recent activity and in
crease of members should be named
"Fortschritt," which means progress, has
comi-ieted all its arrangements for the
puLlic Installation on the night of July
i which Is to be followed by an entertain
ment and ball In celebration of Its thirty
fifth anniversary, and It is expected that
this will be the finest social affair that
the lodge has ever given. At Its last
meeting an application was presented for
a double initiation.
The Odd Fellows.
Dr Grace Simon, past president: Ollv«
¦Woods president: Esther. JuxU. Elizabeth
Ttehrns and Kathrlne Wetjen. vice presidents:
Fannte L?vy. recording, and L'.Ulan Brsnsterlt.
financial secretary; Llxette Wetjen. marshal:
Mae Brown. Anna OConnor and Alice Man
nine trustees; Alice Manning. Inside, and
Catherine O'Connor, outside sentinel; Maybell*
Manning? organist, and Dr. Grace Simon, phy
sician.
Grand President Stella Finkelday Is a
guest at the Native Daughters" Home.
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes is still
at the bedside of her mother at her boms
In Sutter Creek, but expects to return to
this city to-morrow.
Among the visitors at the office of th»
grand secretary last week were: Beatrice
Yates of Ema Crockett Parlor. Mrs.
Nixon of Sutter Creek, May Hill of Alta
Parlor. Mmes. Munson, Gress and Oster
man of Sans Souct Parlor: Dr. Mariana
Bertola, Emma Gruber Foley and Mrs.
Oelrich of the printing and supplies com
mittee.
/— S ABRIELLE PARLOR. Instituted
( T in Eaeles* Hall on Market street
>¦— * on the last Thursday In June by
Junior Past Grand President Eliza D.
Keith is the first that has ever been
granted a charter by the Grand Parlor
upon the direct application of the or
ganizer. Grand President Stella Finkel
day was present at the Institution, as
were also Past Grand Presidents Conrad
and Tinman. President-elect of Keith Par
lor Dr A. Florence Temple, the organizer
of the new parlor. Gabrielle Gress of Sans
Soucl Parlor; Sadie Osterman of the same
parlor. Miss Abrams of Keith Parlor" and
many others. The new subordinate,
which started with thirty-eight charter
members, received on the night of institu
tion fifteen applications. It was named
Gabrielle in bonor of the organizer. Th«
officers, who were Installed by Genevlev*
Carroll. D. D. G. P.. are:
Native Daughters.
Gallileo Grove enjoyed a picnic at
Fernbrook Park last Sunday. There were
present about 609 persons, including Noble
Grand Arch George Beck, Grand Secre
tary J. F. Martinoni, Past Noble Grand
Arch Lewis and a number of members of
the groves in Pleasanton and Livermore.
There were a number of races for prizes,
and the noble grand arch was one of the
judges.
McKlnley Grove No. 132 of the
A. O. U. D. at its meeting last week re
ceived several petitions for membership
and then conferred the third degree on
several bards. This grove, which has
been dormant for some time, has taken on
a boom movement and Is adding to Us
membership at every meeting.
initiated two strangers, the work being
done by Mrs. B. McCottery, the newly In
stalled arch druidess, and her staff of of
ficers. It was remarked that the new
arch Druidess surpassed any officer of
that rank on the first night of delivering
the long charges.
Last Monday night the great sachem
visited Metamoras Tribe in Redwood City,
where a number of palefaces were adopt
ed for the sitting . tribe by the team
of Sagamore Tribe of Palo Alto. The
event w£. followed by a banquet and
many long and short t'alks.
Last Tuesday night Yosemite Tribe of
this city had its big adoption in the pres
ence of the great sachem, nearly fifty
palefaces -being Instructed in the myster
ies of the adoption degree of the order.
Last Friday the team of Pocahontas
Tribe of -this city accompanied the great
sachem to' Grass .Valley for the purpose
of conferring- the degrees on a class of
palefaces. The team also took part in
the Fourth of July celebration In that
city.
From the reports that are coming in
it is appparent that the gain in this or
der during the term will be about 3000.
Oneida Council. D. O. P., at its meeting
June IS adopted twelve palefaces with the
usual impressive ceremonies. The Poca
hontas of the council having recently
married, the council, through Mr. Brown,
presented to her a handsome parlor chair
with the best, wishes of the council and
expressed hopes for a life of happiness.
On the evening of June 30 this council
had a delightful snowball party.
includes many of the professional men of
the place. After the council fire had been
extinguished there was a great feast and
the long and short talks were unusually
interesting and eloquent.* j
Subsequently the great /sachem visited
the # tribe at Fort Bragg and there the
work of the order was also exemplified
by the adoption of four palefaces. After
the closing of the tribe's council there
was a feast of corn and roast pig and
many toasts were eloquently responded
to. The enthusiasm in Mendocino Coun
ty as to Redmanship is such that it is
probable that In a short time a new tribe,
which is being organized in Mendocino
City, will be instituted. It is being or
ganized by T. D. Johnson and he has al
ready secured sixty signatures to a peti
tion for a charter.
Druidism. •
GEORGE BECK of Livermore, re
cently elected noble grand arch of
the United Ancient Order of Druids
cf California, has appointed the following
landing committees for the current
Druidic year:
'. -Credentials — G. All-gretti J. C Muller A.
Kxiletzke.
* Fitiance— F. Cevagnaro. L. G Echord
.. Ch«rlf-s Lester. L. M. Fabbry, J. B Monacco.
. . Charter* and petitions— D. Bamman. E H
* C,o*tze. F. H. Lewie. M. A. rhlllp Julius
¦/. Eallandy.
'" . # . Appeal* ani1 irricvances — George H Bahrs
•„• W. J. Dcmartini. T Scott. A. Grar.z. Grove
•L. Johnson.
* • La»« and mbordinstfs — M II Hernoa J
TV. Creagrh. A. J. Munlz. D. Lecapo G. " L.
"N agner.
Legislation— H. B Mehrman H Lange J
MuIW. J S. Amaral. Harry Menke.
Druidf-' napazin* — Julius S Godeau. E C.
• Ftock: E. C. Lurhefsi. '
Druid*' r«rk— C. C. O'Donne!!. H. Lange C
F. tVeydrmeyer.
Jurisprudence— l. f. Dunand William Tarn,
,*&. M. Caprasecca. C. B. Iiarman. W. L Se
snanza. " ' -
Correspondence — James F. Martinoni F Al
txnt. A. Conta. x
* Printing — J. F. Martinoni James Hagan,
. Joseph del Carlo.
Applies — J. C. Lewis, J. C. Oeisch'n. Car
•lo Soracco.
* -The visit of the Past Arch Association
to Alpini Grove last week was a pleasing
* fraternal function. There were many
members of the association present and
. there were addresses by President Bam
. man. Secretary J. F. Martinoni. W. G.
• Antonvich. grand marshal, and M. Possi.
. grand guard.
l^ast week Old Friends' Grove tendered
a. reception to <J. F. Weydemeyer, one of
. its members, who at the recent session of
' the Grand Grcve was elected one of the
trand trustees. There were a number of
addresses followed by a collation.
Manzanlta Grove had a smoker in honor
" cif its members who were delegates to the
' Grand Grove and to the candidates from
" the "trove who failed to secure enough
• : votes to elect them to grand offices. There
were a number of grand officers present
"end the affair was a pleasant one. The
. defeated candidate* were consoled* with
the assurance* that faint hearted men
:. n«!ver won grand honors and therefore
" .th«*y must keep in the fight for office.
• Golden Gate Circle at Its last meeting
• tendered Mn. Louise Zazzi, the new
*. Rfand arch druldess of the Druidesses, a
'•TeceTrtion and luncheon in honor of her
...ejection. There were a number of the*
-.•tf-a'nd. officers present, and after congrat
•• u'latory Fpeeches the new arch Druidees
• x^h% presented many beautiful offerings of
•* flowers— eo many that Bhe had to call
'h"pon some of her sisters, when
,«=he left the hall, to carry them
'.to her home. During the evening
*'th*re was a short programme of
'entertainment, which Included instru-.
• mental selections by Miss Eva Wolff,
organist; sleight of hand per
formance by Frank Paollnl, fancy dan
• <-in£ by J. W. Crcagh. vocal selections by
• MIks C. Cassebaum. after which an ex
• f talent luncheon was served.
• Santa 'Rosa Grove, on the occasion of its
laejl held meeting, had six candidates for
. initiation, and at the proper time Past
."Noble Grand Arch Judge O. H. Hoag,
„ Mho wes one of the delegates to the
!-• Grand Grove, gave a detailed account of
the work of that body. Then followed a
taupper Sn honor of the delegates.
The Past Arch Association held a meet
ing last Sunday and admitted several new
• members by Initiation. Under the head of
« "Good for the order" there were many
' Kpeerhes.
. .'Uo.lden Gate Circle at its last session
This report was adopted by a vote of
475 ayes and 87 noes. It is said that the
recommendations are based on an elab
orate plan which will be printed and sent
to every member of- the order; that the
"old men" will have several propositions
to choose from and that while "the rate
has been raised to cover the actual cost
of protection" it will protect them in
their old age instead of trying to force
them out as many supposed It would.
The excuse given for not making public
the details of the plan Is that It was
deemed wise not to say anything about
the matter until the plan In detail was
prepared for distribution to the members.
STEP RATE.
Combined
Beneficiary. Guarantee. Rates.
Class One BO -1* ¦«*
Class Two »* -21 ™
Class Three :... •» -27 .*>
Class Four 72 -33 1.05
Class Five *» •» •>»
Class Six Ml .«> t.Sn
Class Seven 1*3 .42 1.9O
Class Eight. 55 and over • 4-20
2. That exhibit No. 4 of the special bene
ficial commission's report, with level premiums
at all ages to 53. be adopted aa presented.
3. That the amount of the deficiency In the
payments of all members now over 65 be made
the full amount of death benefit, payable at
death, to those now over 35 who may choose ta
take it, end to cease paying; beneficiary pay
ments or to those who may hereafter attain
the age of 55. an amount, equal to the net re
serve by the same table upon their certificates.
4. That any member of the order, or new
member may have the option of taking th»
level rate In Ueu of the step rate at h!s at
tained ace. '
S That any member of the order, or new
member, may have the rate at such age lower
than the actual attained age, as he my choose:
provided, that he either pay the amount of the
reserve which would have accumulated and
which would be necessary, or pay the Interest
thereon and have the sum total of such re
serve deducted from the face of hia certificate
at death
6. That relief be paid to each jurisdiction
Irrespective of the number of assessments
levied In such Jurisdiction, for the amount of
the deficiency on each deceased member who
was over the ase of 55 at the date of the ac
ceptance of the guaranty fund provisions here
of by his Grand Lodge.
7. That no Grand Lodge now on a level as
sessment plan shall be required to attfpt 'Itner
of the proposed plans until such Grand Lod«a
shall so determine, and upon acceptance of ths
guaranty provisions hereof, shall be entltud
to the same relief as other Jurisdictions, as t»
deceased members who were over the age of
55 at the time of such acceptance, i
8. That Grand Lodges may elect to adopt
either or both plans for their respective Juris,
dictions. If either plan Is adopted to the ex
clusion of the other the plan so adopted shall
be operatic and binding en all members of
such Jurisdiction.
9. That the committee on lawg be ana is
hereby Instructed to report to the Supreme
Lodge the amendments necessary to put th*
above plan Into effect.
AH of which Is respectfully submitted.
J G TATE, P. S. M. "W.. Chairman.
THE proceedings of the Supreme
.Lodge of the Ancient Order of
Workmen show that while a strong
effort was made to have the rate for old
age members Increased from $3 58 for
$2000 to $5 70 per $1000 !t failed, but the
rate was fixed at $4 20 per $1000, as appears
from the following report:
The committee of the whole begs leave t»
report that It has had under consideration tb«
report of the special beneficial commission and
recommends the adoption of the following
propositions:
1. That the commission'* alternative plan,
presented in its supplemental report, be adopt
ed, modified aa follows:
The Workmen.
*Browr k e. the eminent commander of this,
the -pioneer commander?. Is showing a
high order of executive ability and is
making en unparalleled record in the
conferring of the degrees on a large num
ber" of young men of representative char
acter. , The complexion of this organiza
tion is strikingly changing. Heretofore
the "old and stalwart Knights outnum
bered the young men; now the reverse
is true, and this historic body Is now
Ji ybung men's organization.
" All the officers are less than 40 years
*<jf age and are in close touch with the
commander and enthusiastically vie with
*--ach other in seeing which can best
.conserve the interests of the command
try by intelligent effort.
Though wine and kindred drinks have
been banished from the banquets of the
Kr.fghts Templar, such are still enjoyable
affairs conducted with great ability. Un
'jO.tr the inspiration of coffee and mineral
.•waters, the orators wax eloquent and
thrill their f raters with glowing periods.
The ritualistic work of the commander
if- exceptionally fine, especially that of
"Commander T. H. Browne. Junior War
den • ' Ralph L. Hathhorn and Prelate
Phineas Ferguson, each of whom is mak-
Iiife a record for first class work.
The recent picnic of the Past Masters
'of the F. and A. M. was one of the most
pleasant ever given by that organization.
Much of the success was due to the large
number of ladies of the Eastern Star who
attended. There were parties from all
the city chapters and a number of them
spread long tables, on each of which
there was a bountiful collation, free to
whomsoever felt like accepting the hos
pitality offered. This was notably so
with California and San Francisco chap
ters. Otfier chapters also extended the
hospitality of their tabies, but not on so
"elaborate a scale. California Chapter
was represented by the following named
.xr;embers:
John and Mrs. Tor.ningFen, P. F. and Mr».
I^erruKon. Thomas S. and Mrs. Duke, Hamil
•t6n and Mr*. Elliott. B. A. and Mrs. Clarke.
John and Mrs. Caley, Tbomu P. and Mrs.
Bunrs, Charle? and Mrs. Bredhoff, Joseph and
:Mrs. Eastwood, John and Mn. Grantland.
William C. and Mrs. Hack*. Peter and Mrs.
Harder. R. R. and Mrs. Reid, Richard and
''Mrs. Radk*. Arthur B. and Mit. Price, Louis
end Mn. Thierbach, John and Mrs. Blakewas.
William and Mr*. Cod*. Edward and Mr*.
Gregory. Mesdamc-s Frederick* Bauer. Clara
Krhaf!*r, l&adora Horton. Martha. J. King. Jo
rle Chase, : t. William C. and Mrs. Hassler,
MYs. Dr. von Wefflsbern. Mr*. Dr. Kykendall.
Vaptain "W. G. and Mr». Sr«man. Dr. J. G.
and Mrs=. Tomsklns, Dr. Alexander D. and
Mrs. Mcl>en. J. X. and Mrs. Frank. Andrew
and. Mrs. Turpin. Misses Carrie Feldman, An
ita. Ferjruson. Hattle Ferguson, Lottie Mc
laughlin, Cora Scott. Mersey Beardsley and
/Messrs. Brauntwig and Howard Ferguson.
On the last Thursday in June Starr
King Lodge had an "at home" in Devis
sdero-street Hall, to which the wives
and relatives of members were guests.
«s well as those members of Starr King
Chapter of the Eastern Star who are
, not' connected with the membership of
the blue lodge. There was a pleasing
programme of entertainment and danc
ing, and refreshments were served.
Presidio Lodge, recently constituted In
this city, is doing well and is striving to
ettain the hundred mark in membership.
"Varney William Gasklll. senior, and F.
G. Watson, junior warden, whose por
traits are presented to-day, are working
in harmony with John Houston Boyd, the
worshipful master, in the attainment of
tbat end.
','f. i'^he growth of Freemasonry In
:.."¦ California evidences not only
• • * H*e wide popularity of the fra
'. ••" * ternity, but the activity of the
'"•"*•" JL officers and members of the
lodge?. The increase of appii
• .Cains' for membership without solicitation.
;. .which is prohibited, is prompting some of
¦ Th*e" lodges to increase the initiation fee
from S50 and £ 75 to J100.
•• The royal arch chapters and the com
"manderies of the Kniphts Templar are
;. sharing in this phenomenal prosperity,
: And this Is notably the case with Callfor
nia'No. 1, located in this city. This com
martdery is making elaborate prepara
tions for the twenty-ninth triennial ses
! s=t°n of the Grand Encampment of the
United States of America, which is to b«
"."held In this city in 19"4. and will legislate
for -nearlv l3C».o«)'j Knights. Thomas H.
that each court secure not less than ten
candidates during the quarter. A num
ber of the courts have already notified
the permanent secretary that they have
secured the requisite number, and Court
Trenton, one of the smallest In the Juris
diction, has already Initiated thirteen.
The barbecue that was recently givea
by Court San Jose was a great success,
more than 1200 persons attending.
The picnic association had a well at
tended and pleasant party In the A. O. F.
Hall on the last Saturday In June. A
number of prizes that were not called for
at the recent picnic were disposed of by
auction and brought a neat sum for the
use of the next picnic association.
Past High Chief Ranger McNulty. who
for some years has been a resident of
New York City, expects to visit thts city
in a short time to meet his former asso
ciates in the courts of Foresters.
The officers of Ivanhoe Circle of ths
Companions of the Forest were installed
in public on July 3.
Trenton Circle at its last meeting Ini
tiated three strangers. Past Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Falconer
filling the chair of chief companion.
The followlng.offlcers were installed la
public last Thursday for Court Gmnan
America No. 7472. A. O. F., for the cur
rent term by the board of deputies: Fred
Gessler, C. R.; O. Oplts. S. C. R.; H.
Topher. T.: H. Stanke. F. F.; S. Pipke.
R. S.: M. Plagemann. S. W.; M. H. Stam
mer, S. B.; H. Browkowski. J. B.: Dr. F.
Kuckein. physician. After the installa
tion there was a programme of entertain
ment under the direction of the commit
tee of arrangements, composed of F.
Lessler. M. F. Plagemann, C. Hauser and
Hugo Stanke.
Lincoln Circle. Companions of the For
est, last Wednesday entertained the mem
bers and friends and acquaintances at an
"at home" In the Foresters* building.
Dancing followed the entertainment and
all had a pleasant time.
THE SAN IRAKCISCO CALL} SUKDAY, JULY 5, 1903;
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMtrimmed with -crescents of tiny chiffon
rosfs- arranged in intricate design. A
profusion of rare point lace trimmed the
bodice and formed a panel down the front
of the f kirt, adding much elegance to the
toilette.
' Mrs. Burnett will undoubtedly persuade
her husband to live In this city, as her
aunt and grandmother are too devoted to
consent to a separation.
• • •
The bride of Lieutenant William K. Me-
brunette 'with dark hair, ' blue eyes and
high color.
• . • . •
Our Eastern sisters are giving us such
extravagant object lessons In the art of
correct weddings that- they , can i be fol
lowed only by those with money to burn
and no use for the ashes. It will be vastly
easier for us to. have romantic runaway
marriages in .the - future and, save ex
ptnte. .- ; . * '•, . " . . ,
Members of a bridal party used to count*
themselves .in' luck. If they received a .
stickpin in remembrance of the affair,' but ¦
now the bridesmaids expect "grand, pianos .
and the ushers would like to be handed
automobiles'.
These" trifles, together with the hundred ,
other wedding expenses, make sad Inroads •
upon papa's checkbook. '.Yet,' after pay
ing for the trousseau and getting mamma
a new Paris gown,; he must buy. a hand- '
some gift and also present the" bride with >;
«-mmforUbI« check or ho stands' in T f5o*n--
ger of being * pronounced small. ,* »
At- the' recent ' McCormick-Hanna wed-,
dlrigat Cleveland, the -attentions lavished
' upon the bridal party and guesta surpass
ed, anything yet attempted by.San Fran
ciscans. Special trains came '.from all di
rections with guests and; smart carriages
carried them' to splendid houses and clubs,'
. where' elaborate suites of rooms were ar
ranged for, them. " . • , "»
The ten : bridesmaids were ensconced In
. the residence j of Mark ' Hanha's brother,.
,- adjoining the bride's horned and- each was
' provided with a special maid.' The ushers,
• top, had ''everything their own- way. They,
' were* put .up; at. the club andjeach found
! a special valet awaiting ;; him. /Touring
cars were placed at their disposal morn-
I Ing," noon "and" night ' and ; "the ""Jeunesse
doree of Cleveland entertained them hand-^
somcly. . ; • . '. ¦¦•
At the time of the wedding the brides
maids drove through the streets in open
carriages. "The "two " thousand "iapeclal
policemen, forming. a ( hedgeV for blocks,
\were not alone a protection for 'the Presi
¦ dent. --'. They .'doubtleBS i saved -, the '; brides- '
,; maids' In' all . their '- loveliness : from being
;'stolen.v;; ; '¦:' ¦¦.-.'¦ \ '.- ' ' * : -"':,V. ' ' .
: V-'tt -was 'certainly '• a > brilliant • wedding.
- • ¦ ¦ ¦ . - ¦-.-.-.-.¦
« .'¦ • ' •
Alfred Honry Lewis, the author of the
new and 'popular novel,' "Peggy O'Neal,"
has recently returned to his home in New
York ; from a Western • trip. ' * He : has I been
visiting i eii-Ooyerrior ¦ Campbell . of Ohio,
whoso . charming 'daughter .'* posed ¦ for* "the
Mrs. Florence Percy Matheson, presi
dent of the Pacific Coast Woman's Press
Association; has left for the" East to visit
her mother, Mrs. ; Elizabeth Akers Allen.
In New York. •: Mrs. Allen Is, the author.
of the '. world famous poem, :.'.'Rock , Me to
Sleep, Mother." -Some of the^other, poems
which give her claim " to literary genius
are: : "The Triangular ; Society,"' "Queen
Catherine's . Rose,'" "Forest' 1 , Buds," v "Tne
Silver Bridge", and "The High Top Sweet
ing," which' have been widely read.- .
Mrs. Matheson will remain '* with her
mother until October. f
New ; York, wh,ere he has" business inter
ests which will occupy him for some time
to come, if not permanently. " Mr. Schell
is an Eastern man. who has.been^in.San
Francisco for two years, during which
tfme 'he* has 'become' immensely popular
in society? particularly, among clever peo
ple. He has been liberally*: educated,' Is
well bred, possesses temperament . and , a
gift for music. In short, he .is an un
usually interesting - young -'man. :¦ Many
good wishes for success and prosperity
in his New York career attend Mr/ Schell
from his many friends in this city.
Sherrlt Schell will leave to-morrow for
with men of boundless wealth and power
seated around 1 the bride's "table with' its
gold service from the White House, and
all offering toasts and paying. homage to
the past and- future victories of Prince
Cupid. Little wonder that the bride sau
cily Insisted upon ¦ a wedding^daV that
would shorten the President's Western
trip, hurrying him to a place Mntjnitely
more agreeable , than standing in^a car
riage struggling to keep i hts- equilibrium
and wondering which way to bow next, j
ONE OF LOCAL SOCIETY'S MOST EXCLUSIVE! DEBUTANTES AND TWO
YOUNG LADIES WHOSE CHARMS HAVE, WON THEM A HOST OF WARM
FRIENDS AND ENTHUSIASTIC^ ADMIRERS. '-' . v.V
A merry party left the city Thursday
morning -for a -week -at ¦ Willow Camp,
Bolinas. _Mrs. Towart was prime mover
in : the arrangements, and as usual, her
ideas are clever ones. , Among those in
vited are: Miss Ella Bender, Miss Cherry
Bender. Mrs. May Mott Smith Bird. Mr.
and Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Mr. and Mrs. Wal
lace Irwin. Miss Agnes Buchanan, Fred
Greenwood, now of Monterey, and Dr.
Arnold Genthe.
/>'¦¦' •;••¦'
Miss Maylita Pease will leave next Sun
day for Portland," Oregon, where she will
spend six weeks with friends and rela
tives. .Miss Pease -was among the most
exclusive debutantes of last winter and
was asked everywhere. She is a thorough
patrician, - well bred, liberally . educated,
with a charming personality. ¦ I prophesy
for .Miss Pease . that - her. coming season
•will be even more delightful than the last.
Mra.-Harry Bostwick, who has been for
some time the guest of, her., mother, Mrs.
E. ; L..Hunt, left June 26 for Europe.' She
will, go, to-China; by way .of the Suez
Canal,. visiting Switzerland,' Ostend, Bel-
Kiunv and sailing from Genoa August 5.
ing a sojourn at the beach and James D.
Phelan is also there. Mrs. Sands Forman
is another member of the San Francisco
colony at Coronado. '
• • •
Miss Gertrude Sullivan and Miss Helen
Sullivan, popular daughters of Judge Sul
livan, are at Highland Springs, where
they receive much attention and are uni
versally popular.
• • •
James Colquhoun, president of the Ari
zona Copper Company. Mrs. Colquhoun
and sons, who have been visiting their
home at Clifton, Arizona, are at the Hotel
del Monte, where they have been guests
for several months.
. • • •
Mrs. George Steel and son. Malcolm
Steel, ; who have been guests of Mrs
James Colquhoun at the Hotel del Monte
will spend the rest of the summer at Pa
cific Grove.
• • • ,
Miss Coxhead of Oakland Is preparing
for a trip abroad and during her stay In
Parts she will be the guest of Miss LJllie
Lawlor.
• • •
Miss Susie McNab has gone to Uklah for
her summer's outing and la enjoyta* her
stay immensely. -*«*««• ««
picture of ' Peggy. O'Neal, .which Henry
Hutt painted. for the novel" of that title.
It is hot "generally known that Miss Camp
bell set the Peggy- O'Neal style now In
vogue at Newport of wearing the hair In
ringlets about the shoulders. '
. ._. . .. ..»¦-•..»¦
.Mrs. J. .T. Barraclough of Piedmont and
Mrs. J. P.. Martin of this city will sail
next^month on the Siberia for China and
Japan. Miss May Perkins, daughter of
Senator Perkins, may accompany them.
Mrs. Barraclough gave up her beautiful
home in Piedmont this summer, to the H.
E. Huntingtons, and in. consequence, .ls^
not entertaining.
.Mrs. Barraclough. chaperoned the. din
ner given by. Miss Perkins .at /'Palm
Knoll," Vernon Heights, on Monday even- .
in^ ; • ./-/..:
• • •
Miss Daisy Polk and her 'mother are
having a delightful summer at Carmel-by
the-Sea. Many a professional artist can
not compare favorably with Miss Polk
in rendering violin selections. Mrs. Polk
ha's bought some land in Carmel-by-the-
Sea and will build at once in that pic-
The Gordon Blandings will get away this
week and spend the summer at Lake
Tahoe. The Tevises are already there.
Mr. Blandlng has purchased a new steam
launch that will give no end of pleasure
to his family and friends in that beautiful
lake.
v .Tevis Blanding has left for New Mexico
and will remain there for some time.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. John Martin are at Coro
nado. The Sterling Postleys are enjoy-
General Vallejo's daughter, Mrs. Em
paran, and Miss Lulu Haraszthy. his
granddaughter, sang yesterday at the
Fourth of July exercises in the old Mis
sion of Sonoma, where their ancestors
are buried. General Vallejo's old state
carriage, drawn by six white horses, was
brought out in honor of the day.
Mrs. Van Rensselaer Cruger of New
York, the brilliant authoress who writes
under the nom de plume of Julian Gor
don. ' will summer at Newport as the
guest of Mrs. James P. Kernochan. Mrs.
Cruger had planned a trip abroad, but at
the eleventh hour abandoned the trip In
order to visit her old friend, who extended
a pressing Invitation.
Mrs. Bo&twick will make her home la
Korea for some time.
lire. McCue of last month is a very
pretty and petite Jewess. She is a decided
The tearful bride now explains that she
did not think it necessary to look, up an
officer in the honorable service of the
United States army, as she supoosed bis
commission would mean that he was a
gentleman. The fact that an officer keeps
his shoulderstraps indicates that nothing
has been proved against him, rather than
that there was nothing interesting to be
discovered. In this instance, the erring
lieutenant will be comfortably cared for
in *a sanitarium on the supposition that
his mind is a trifle weak, while the two
women involved must ' get over their
humiliation as best they can and learn
that the noblest vengeance Is to forgive.
Of course, we are never surprised when
a man returns from the Philippines men
tally unbalanced (provided he had his rea
son when he started) and Lieutenant Mc-
Cue certainly sacrificed any claim to san
ity when he mailed wedding cards to
wife No. 1, for nothing would quicker
bring the sword of retribution down upon
his head, and men do not like that sort
of thing.
Cue. Sixth Infantry. U. S. A., being
charged with bigamy, spoke wisely when
Ehe said: "Never marry a man
with blue coat and brass but
tons on short acquaintance." Per
haps while she is struggling to forget
the episode she will put it somewhat
stronger. This should certainly be a les
eon to girls never to accept a man whom
they do not know a great deal about. Of
course, members of the fair sex are very
much handicapped in making a just de
cision partly owing to the innate trust
that goes with the feminine temperament
and further because they cannot learn
much about a man's private life if he is
clover. The dull ones we would not want.
If Mi?s Simon had asked her brave lieu
tenant to establish his eligibility before
she married him a month ago she would
have met with a torrent of righteous in
dignation and injured innocence. He
would have taken the stand that she had
deeply wronged him by lack of trust. He
would have strode from the house never
to return— unless she called him back. •
WHEN the story of the ca
reer cf Cup!d comes to be
written the chroniclers
will make particular note
cf the week ending with
Independence day. 1903. as
a period when the love gcd ran riot and
love's young dreams were realized with
reckless disregard of the conventions.
The record for i:i^nber cf romantic mar
riages has been broken ar.d the infection
spreads.
Beautiful Dcryl Whitney surprised us
first by eloping with Thomas H. Gray
don. The marriage was the happy cul
mirntifin of a romance which flourished
during Graj don's football career at Har
vard, while Miss Whitney was "finishing"
at Miss Ely's school in New York.
"The elopement planned by these young
people last winter failed of execution,
but the final triumph recalls the runaway
marriage in this city of the bride's broth
er. J. Parker Whitney, and Daisy Par
• rott a few months ago. The Whitneys
are certainly impulsive In their love af
fairs. They marry the woman of their
choice at all hazards and despite all
opposition and live happily ever after.
William Huth electrified his relatives
and friends by marrying Julia Talbot on
Wednesday rught. after a few days' ac
quaintance and without having met the
Cirl's mother. The bride was in similar
straits, not knowing the Hushes. Perhaps
"the fact that the groom belongs to a fam
iJy noted for conventionality and devoid
m of impulsiveness added to the interest
taken in she romantic incident.
The sudden wedding of Viola Piercy and
William Wesley Burnett of Stanford, al
though a surprise to friends, occurred
* with the full knowledge and consent of
both families, the lovable girl having con
fided the plan to those at home several
; days beforehand. Her society sisters say
* the bride knew the Important date consid
erably in advance, and with Sherlock
Holmes-like shrewdness call attention to
the fact that the wedding gown was too
elaborate for completion upon short
• It was a wonderful creation of billowy
white chiffon, with many flounces and
TnE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL. ./SUN DAY, JULY 5, 1903.
48
SOCIETY