VOLUME XCIV— XO. 39.
fTT^HE autopsy performed yesterday in Netv Jersey upon the exhumed body of the .late Colonel
M' Best, who died last April at fSan Rafael, shows the certificate of death under ivhich he was
buried to be an imposition, reveals, the fact that vital organs were removed and sawdust
substituted, and confirms charges of deceased's sons that their father's death zvas the . result of
foul play. The body zcas embalmed at an establishment conducted by the Coroner of Marin
Countv. ' ; . .
DISINTERMENT OF COLONEL BEST'S BODY AT A NEW JERSEY
CEMETER I REVEALS POSITIVE PROOF THAT HE WAS M URDERED
WAR OR PEACE IN ORIENT
RESTS WITH THIS COUNCIL
Russians GatHer
to Map Out
Course.
Outcome May Be
a Call to
Arms.
KINCHAU (Opposite Newchwaug>,
Manchuria, July 8.— All of the
prominent Russian officials in
China. Manchuria and Korea are
attending the conference at Port
Arthxa*. Among them are Minister of
War Kurcpatkin, Admiral Alexleff, the
Russian Ministers at Peking and Seoul,
the political agents in China and Kotea,
Official Bulletins Hold Out
No Hope for Ultimate
Recovery.
Affection of Kidneys
Now Causes
Anxiety.
Deep Sleep Follows
a Restless §§
v Night.
POPE'S LIFE
POPES LIFE
STILL INGS
BY A THREAD
nOME, July 9, 5:25
*V a. m. — The Pope is
askep. . The condition of
his. lungs is not worse.
There « as yet no suspicion
of serum gathering, again in
the pleura, but the disorder
of his kidneys is disquietr
ing.
During the early part of
the night his Holiness was
somczvhat restless. The oc
casional brief periods of
sleep were disturbed by dif
ficulty in breathing. Dr.
Lapponi and tlic Pope's
valet, Centra, did their best
to .nourish the at
brief intervals. 'THe Pontiff
spoke little' and seemed
much depressed. Chloral
and caffeine zvere adminis
tered zuith good effects.
About sunrise the Pope fell
into a more resting sleep
than he had had all night.
TXVO SOVEREIGNS WHOSE LONG-STANDING RIVALRY MAY SOON
EVENTUATE INTO AX ARMED CLASH. WITH CHINESE TERRI
TORY AND TRADE AS THE PRIZES TO BE WON.
Autopsy Shows Death
5 Certificate to
. Be False.
SAN RAFAEL'S -> HOUSE OF
MYSTERY • - AND PERSONS
WHO FIGURE IN. CASE.
, Fortunately, all climatic conditions in
Rome for the" time being are favorable
to the sufferer. The air is dellciously'cool
and "there . is a complete absence of ' the
enervating; sirocco. ; which depresses and
kills. The -bright sunshine streams into
the Papal ? apartment.. ,The encouraging
conditions J are ¦ further augmented i by the
constant use of 'artificial rnea~ns\jf exhala
tiou.1 Including' steady; supplies' of oxygen.
Except^ for -the ; brief time he ; passed .' In
.the "armchair . £ the*;*; Pope ; lay ' in .'. bed '
throughout the day," 1 shifting , his position
Tuesday night the Pope obtained but
little refreshing sleep, and with his
sleeplessness was augmented depression.
The difficulty in breathing had increased
and a derangement of the kidneys began
to seriously manifest itself. These com
plications ' were fully and frankly stated
by the doctors. Their official bulletin was
supplemented in the course of • personal
conversation, in which they showed that
they entertained scarcely any^hope for
recovery. Yet they always qualified their
statements, setting forth the remarkable
constitutional strength and indomitable
energy of the patient as the most strik
ing evidence of his almost superhuman will.
They instanced the dying man's leaving
his bed during" the" morning and taking
several steps, unaided pave by a cane, to
an armchair.
* When this became known many were
disposed to criticize the doctors for per
mitting such an exhausting effort, but it
was explained that the entire absence of
fever*, the temperature being" even below
normal, eliminated .the danger of syn
cope from his exertion. Moreover, the at
tending physicians '¦ recognized . that they
were battling with a man of Iron will,
who does not knowthe meaning of re
straint.
CONDITIONS ARE FAVORABLE,
NEW DANGER APPEARS.
Throughout yesterday the reports from
the sick room alternated with fear and
hope. At times rumors of the gravest
character gained currency.
«*y^ OME, July 9, 1:13 a. m.— The life
Mj of Pope Leo continues to hang by
f^^ a thread, with the expectation
• that any moment may bring the
final catastrophe. Yet the won
derful vitality of the remarkable old man
is combating, a complication of diseases
which would endanger a stronger man in
the prime of life. The corner of the pal
ace which remained lighted the longest
during the night was the apartment of
Cardinal Rampolla, where the lights were
extinguished only a short time after
those In the room where Mgr. Volponl,
one of the Pontiff's most intimate friends,
is lying in a serious condition as a result
of the attack of syncope that he suffered
to-day. Pope Leo, as though he had sec
ond sight, has asked several times why
Mgr. Volponi has not been to see him.
Naturally, the condition of Mgr. Volponi
has been kept from the Pope.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 8.— It was
asserted here to-day upon good
authority that the. autopsy
upon the remains of Colonel
Best would reveal nothing
definite, as all of ' the organs
were missing, and that the body has
been stuffed with sawdust. A dispatch
received to-night from New York verifies
this assertion. Coroner F. ' E. Sawyer,
who is also an undertaker in' San Rafael,
prepared the remains for' shipping East.
When ' confronted with • the statements
that the body was filled with sawdust
and that the organs were ¦ missing, he
passed the responsibility up to his dep
uty, William Ward.
Dr. Sawyer said this evening:
"I was not aware that the organs wera
missing. I did not do the work and did
not see it done. In fact. I was not in
San Rafael at the time the body was pre
pared. Mr. Ward did the work and I do
not know how he did It."
"Did he not tell you about preparing
the body for shipment?"
"Yes. but did not tell me about remov
ing any organs. I was out on the.Gul
lixon case that day and did not see- the
work done."
"You will say, then. Dr. Sawyer, that
you did not know that any organs were
missing?"
"I will simply state that Mr. Ward did
the work. Any way, If the organs were
there they would reveal nothing, for the
reason that in our business we inject
poisonous fluids to preserve the body and
an autopsy would show arsenic and other
poisons."
William Ward was reticent and non
committal. He would neither affirm nor
deny that he had removed the organs.
"At the proper time," he said, "I will
make a statement, but at the present
time I will not state whether I removed
any organs or not.". ••
Two or three days ago, however. Ward,
when Interrogated as to whether he aske<£
Dr. Jones to perform, an autopsy, said:
"Yes, when we had the body in our
place 1' telephoned' to Dr. Jones and told
'. On May 0 the ..woman known as Mrs. Woods
wrote to. my mother this letter from the Great
Northern'v Hotel; Chicago: % V y ° ur loving letter
Just 'received. . • I \ am . drinking, sorrow'* cup to
the" bitterest drejrs. - My brother Is dead. On
my first visit ¦ East _ I shall call ¦ upon \ you and
tell; fully all about your, loving husband during
TELLS .OF, WOODS' , DEATH.
from- the go uncontradlcted. -In
this it was. stated that Colonel Best had
succumbed, to cerebral apoplexy. Were
this'the fact, the brain would disclose it.
and -the skull had not been opened. That
this declaration in the certificate is ab
solutely unfounded and that cerebral ap
oplexy; was not the cause of death was
determined . by , the physicians. They
found the brain healthy. The surgeons
were, positive in their assertion that the
certificate's declaration was not based on
fact. •' v ; ¦_
' The autopsy was performed by Dr.
William H. McKenzle.. county physician
of- Essex County, assisted by Dr. P. S.
Pelouze, ¦ on . the staff of- St. Barnabas
Hospital' in Newark. Alfred M. Best and
Charles /"S. Best, sons' of Colonel Best,
were present.
. Afteruhe autopsy. Colonel Best's sons
.were Informed of what had been ascer
tained. They made little comment except
that they are. now certain that their sus
picions are ] strengthened.
' \ M." Best said before the autopsy
was performed: v
-'Although Woodi gave us to understand that
Dr. Jones had been In constant attendance on
my. father from the beginning of his Illness un
til" his ; death, , we have ascertained from Dr.
Jones' that on the last two days he was not
called In at all and did not nee my father for
more tnan forty-eight hours before the end.
,;•* We 'wired, to f another brother. William, who
is In Seattle, .to go to San Rafael and see that
our ' f ather> ¦ body was , shipped here. He , did
eo.;but so' smart were Woods and the woman
who* passed as his sister that William did not
become suspicious. . '.-¦
Undertaker Is Also
Coroner of Ma
rin County.
Autopsy Revelations
Not a Surprise in
San Rafael.
Continued on Page 5, Column 3.
Continued on Page 5 4 Column 1. i
- Tho person . responsible ,- overlooked; . one
important . matter.";:. He * failed;, to " do Vwhat
he should' have done jhad; he;' desired '.to
have . the cause of death, as \ set. 'down Mn
tho certificate * which •"'.'was ¦: sent-', here
OVERLOOKED . THE \ BRAIN.
William J.;\Best in San Ra
fael, April 6 last, was the discovery made
to-day after the body had been exhumed
in the little cemetery in Caldwell. N.'-J..
where It was placed about the middle of
April. It was ascertained that the body,
had been opened once before, in all likeli
hood before it was sent" east, and that the.
stomach, digestive and'other.organs,^to
gether with 4he lungs, had -been' removed.
Sawdust had been Inserted - where . they
had been and while some of -the other
organs were In place, there , was every
evidence that they had been disturbed.
Then, when it came to, the search for.
evidence of the insertion of a hypodermic
needle before death, the physicians. were
unable to discover, any puncture, of the
skin, even such as Is made usually -i In
the process of embalming.. That the
body had been embalmed- thero- was -no
doubt.. How. it was done was the ques
tion which puzzled the physicians until
they made a careful* internal, examina
tion. They found then that 'embalming
fluid had been: injected; from -the. inside,
through a large vein ' which it was '. seen
had first been broken and then tied.;
This satisfied the physicians : that the
embalmer must have known ; that ; the
body was. not in its J entirety ; while he
was '. at work. No one -had : - heard- that
any autopsy, had been performed- in Cali
fornia— indeed, the request of^the; author
ities of that State" that one should be held
here proved conclusively,, that . this - had
hot been i done , before. All , ! the ',, physi
cians agreed that every \. precaution- had
been taken to prevent - any light'? being
thrown" on 1 the cause of the < 'colonel's
death and that no one could ;sa>vwhether
It: was the'-res'ult>of • irritant 1 - poisons jor
otherwise/' •;, . • : - . 7 •" ' v- '.•¦
M^ EW YORK, July 8.— Far more
Wk f.- surprising than all ¦• the ' sen
/ / sational ¦developments which
/ have come to light since the
A. w - mysterious death of Colonel
Special Dispatch to The Call
Discover Sawdust in
Place of Lungs and
''Stomach*
Physicians Find That
Vital Organs Are
Missing.
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
HONOLULU, July 8.— The Chamber of
Commerce has passed resolutions, which
will be forwarded to the War Department
at Washington, asking that all Pacific
transport* call at the port of Honolulu.
Honolulu Wants Transports.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.,- July 8.— Pulaskcy
Leeds, master mechanic of the Louisville
and Nashville Railroad, died to-day from
a bullet .wound inflicted . by. George War
ner. Warner on Monday '.last entered
Leeds' office at Union station arid asked
for a letter of recommendation to another
road, he having been "recently, discharged
from Leeds' department. ', Leeds .- refused,
whereupon *VVarner shot him In the head.
The assassin then shot < himself,' inflicting
a wound . similar to that ""received ;. by
Leeds. Warner, however, will probably
recover. ...
Discharged Man Shoots Official.
OSCEOLA. Ark.. July 8.— Arthur Shad
den, a prominent young planter, living
four miles south of Osceola. was shot
. and killed to-day by a negro tenant on
his farm. There was trouble between
them in regard to an account. The negro
made his escape. The Sheriff and a posse
arc in pursuit. A lynching is probable if
the negro is caught. ' %
Negro Flees From Lynchers.
- At .Victoria, Ellis County, another col
ored,"man asked forbids for. a hand, who
would pitch to the stack all of the grain
one header could cut. On this' condition
the negro, brought $6 per day.
BISEEN, Kans., July 8.— Forty farmers
stopped a Missouri Pacific train here last
night'arid went through' it searching for
harvest hand=.V, The: train ordinarily does
not' stop here, 1 and the . farmers flagged it
by. means of" a" lantern wrapped in a' red
handkerchief.- They offered passengers
$2 50 and $3 a' day to get off the train." •
TOPEKA, Kans., July 8.— A special to
the State Journal from Russell says two
negroes were sold off the auction block
for harvest hands on Tuesday afternoon.
They were John and Harper Porter and
are known as good workers. The bidding
was spirited, 'starting with $2 50 per day.
August Key hart finally secured them, on
a bid -of $3 21 per day. Adam Bender was
the auctioneer.
NEGRO HARVEST HANDS
SOLD ON AUCTION BLOCK
TACOMA, Wash.. July 8.— Because their
favorite diversion was to put spikes, bolts
and nuts} on railroad tracks just to sec
the trains jump the tracks, the young
sons of J. - W. Mlllor of Wallula are in
Umatilla (Oregon) County Jail. -The two
lads are aged 11 and 9 and named Olace
and Wallace. They live in the 1 : Spring
Hollow section and have be,en running
wild. Their mother is dead and as the
boys were left by tRemselves when .the
father was at work they finally grew too
wild to handle. 'As a result the State
Reform School will probably take care of
them for the next few years.
Their first big attempt at train wreck
ing was tried on the fast Oregon Railway
and Navigation passenger from . Portland
to Spokane, which is said to have bucked
hard when it struck the obstructions.
The articles used by the boys ;tp obstruct
trains gradually increased in -' size until
the matter reached the; ears of the oper
ating department, which gave slow orders
for that section of the road. Finally the
Oregon Railway and Navigation ; Com
pany detectives were jent* to watch"; the
tracks. Their efforts were rewarded after
a long watch, and Sheriff Taylor of Uma
tilla was given charge of the boys. <
Social Dispatch to The Call
Place Obstructions
on Oregon Rail
road Track.
SMALL BOYS
ATTEMPT TO
WRECK TRAIN
SHANGHAI. July 8.— The American
treaty negotiations are deadlocked owing
to the failure of the Chinese authorities
in Peking to reply to the demand for the
opening of Manchurian ports to trade.
including M. Pokotiloff. recently Russian
financial representative at Peking; Gen
eral Desseno, the military agent In
China; the civil and military authorities
at Moukden, and the administrator of
Newchwang. The proceedings at the
conference are enveloped* in profound se
crecy. It is popularly supposed that the
Russian officials are considering war
questions. The commercial foreign offices
at Newchwang and Port Arthur beV-eve
that the possibility of war is increasing
steadily. The Russian policy is believed
to be to bold the present positions in
Manchuria, including Nowchwang. and" to
take no steps t* avert hostility with Ja
pan. If it U assured that Japan will fight
unaided. The war feeling among the
Japanese in China is intensifying.
The Russian civil administrators, with
the Governor General of Newchwang,
have commenced the erection of a Gov
ernment building designed to hold al!
Russian offices, including the telegraph
and telephone departments, in the center
of the foreign settlement, partly on land
ceded by the Chinese, according to the
Russian explanation, and partly on tHe
public square, about which the foreign
consulates are congregated. The resi
dents of other nationalities are preparing
to protest against this encroachment on
the public sq-jare.
A Russian company yesterday com
pleted the purchase of the river steam
tug business heretofore controlled by a
British company. This is regarded as an
important step toward Russian control of
the harbor, as the new company Is ap
parently acting in behalf of the Russian
Government. Russia having but small
commercial interests here. The British
company had four boats and the" Russians
have imported two more. All six vessels
arc armed and commanded by Russian,
officer*. The crews are composed of sol
diers.
It is reported that the General's former
wife- will accept an offer to appear on
the stage.
General Clay ignored the summons of
court served on him on Monday and said
that "they"- could do as they liked with
him, but that he would 'never leave
Whitehall alive.
The physicians who attended General
Clay on Tuesday were not summoned to
appear at the trial to-day, and if they
had been they would have testified that
be was a sane man.
"They care nothing for 'me," he said.
"They want my property. I will die in
Whitehall, fearless of; any : man,' that
walks."
Previous to receiving the^news from
Richmond General Clay 'had talked quite
rationally,- but nothing (intelligent could
be got -from him aner/he had heard of
the action of the court. He was'greatly
unnerved over the course of his children,
asserting that they were disgracing him
at death's "door because they did not want
his former wife, Dora Clay-Brook, to re
turn to him. He said he was allowed only
a trifling living by his children, and now
he supposed they would take that from
him. : -, r-V:--, ' : r, XV
LEXINGTON. Kv., July 8.— The chil
dren of General Casslus M. Clay have
succeeded in havlne the affairs of their
father placed in the hands of a guardian.
A jury In Judge Turpin's court at Rich
mond to-day ;found the old warrior of un
sound mind and asked the court to ap
point' a committee to look after his finan
cial affairs.
General Clay was in bed at Whitehall,
six miles from Richmond," while the trial
was being held and did not send any one
to represent him." When told that he had
been adjudged a lunatic, ,the old warrior's
eye Hashed fire, and, arlsing-from his bed,
he . clutched his bowieknife and', declared
he would kill the first' man who. entered
the room. .. .''•.'. - s ':l'H
Special- Dispatch to The Can
Old Warrior Still
Holds Fort at
Whitehall.
JURY FINDS
THAT CLAY
IS INSANE
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.'runks and Valises.
Trunks, valiseo, dress ; suit cases, trav
eling rolls, pocket books, 'wrist bags that
lcok good, are good and are cheap. San
born, r Vall & Co.,' 741 Market street. •
CHICAGO.: July 1 S.-A joint . meet! j?' of
the representatives of the j passenger de
partments of roads from ' New York, to
the Pacific Coast was held to-day for the
purpose of considering a proper division
of, through rates between Eastern* 1 and
Western limits..; The rate clerks have
been at work on the subject for I several
months, and. the figures compiled by. them
were • submitted to \ the : passenger traffic
officials at to : day's meeting. '¦• * r
Considering : Pacific Coast Rates.
Irrigation System Stands Hard Test'
| SAN DIEGO, July S;— A special dispatch
to thfr Tribune' from Imperial, the colony
on the desert near the Colorado River, in
the southeastern part of the county, says
that as a result, of the flood in the river
one small structure. in the east side canal
has given way and one dike" has been cut
to 'allow -the -water in : Alamo« RlverJtO
pass, causing a damage of a few hundred
dollars. '• No ¦ damage ; has been? • caused
anywhere excebt : that; mentioned., The '
flood is regarded as being an excellent test
of "the Irrigation system. .'> : ¦ .. :. I
An glia Damaged at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, July 8.-The cable steamers
Anglta- while unloading an extra r cable to-/:
day met with an accident. . Her propellers '
were so badly bent that repairs of a fqrtr.;t
night' will : be necessary. . The ' Anglia will |
then sail 'for London. ." * i
GRASS VALLEY, July 8:-Little 4
year-old-Olf ElBwarth Gilletto fell Into a
well fifty feet- deep >at the- home of hlB
parents' in this city last night .and -was
rescued alive. The little tot climbed on
a board covering the well to get a drink
from the • bucket. " The board slipped,
plunging the child and bucket into the
depths below. ,The screams of the moth
er, who witnessed the accident, brought
neighbors to the rescue and Thomas'Stu
art hastily descended into the \ well j by
means of the rope attached to the buck
et. In ten feet of water he grasped for
the child and finally caught it by the
foot. The .little; "one speedily recovered
after being hoisted to thesurface/ ¦
Neighbor Attracted by Screams of
i Distracted Mother Manages to.
Rescue Little Tot.
CHILD NARROWLY ESCAPES
BEING JDROWNED a IN A WELL
BUFFALO, July 8.— Frank Delehanty
of Syracuse, a brother of Ed Delehanty,
and other relatives came to this city to-
and positively identified the satchel
that was left In the- Pullman sleeper and
the hat found on the international bridge
last Friday morning as .the property of
the missing baseball player. .
There is no doubt that the man who
fell through the draw of the bridge that
morning was Ed Delehanty, the famous
outfielder of the "Washington American
League nine.. The body ) has not been
found. The river below the falls Is be
ing'watched. There is no doubt that the
body went over the falls long ago.
Property of Man Drowned at Buffalo
Identified as That of the
Ball Player.
DEATH OF DELEHANTY
REGARDED AS CERTAIN
The news of the attempted assassina
tion spread quickly In the town and aa
immediate search was made for the as
e&ssln. Within five minutes Colonel R.
R. Thornton, an architect and civil en-
As soon as Pursell realized that he had
been shot, he called to his brother-in-law,
Joseph White, who was standing In front
of the wounded man's residence, to take
his team and climbed down from the
wagon. He walked to his house and
through the back yard to the, light com
pany's office, where he asked one of tho
employes to send for a doctor, stating
that he had been wounded. By this time
he was faint from pain and loss of blood
and it devolved on those present to assist
him to his home. Dr. William Lucas an
fiwered the summons and had the Injured
man put to bed at once.--
Transfer Line, which occurred
Tuesday evening at that place. Pursell
was driving his team home after finish
ir.g his day's work and as he turned intd
Tunnel avenue from Railroad avenue on
his way to the barn he was shot in the
left shoulder. Undoubtedly the would-be
assassin had aimed fcr the heart, but the
lurchir.gs of the wagon caused the in
fliction cf a less serious wound than was
intended.
RESIDENTS of Richmond are
aroused to a fever heat ovei; the
attempted assassination of Frank
Pursell, owner of the Pursell
The great majority . of the people of
Richmond believe that Colonel Thornton
Is responsible for the dastardly "attempt
at assassination, and the, investigation
conducted immediately after the. warrants
were secured by Sheriff" Veale, Deputy-
Sheriff Joe Moitoza; and Attorney W. D.
Grady, who has been' employed "as a. spe-
Sirrenberg's arrest was due mainly to
his unwillingness to Impart any Informa
tion to the officers regarding Thornton's
movements after the shooting. H« pro
tested that he did not know how Thorn
ton came into the saloon, whether by the
rear or front door, and said he did not
notice him until the colonel ordered a
glass of beer. His inexplicable density
aroused the suspicion that he knew more
of the affair than he was willing to tell
and at the request of Pursell. who swore
to the complaint. Sirrenberg was ar
rested an an accomplice and taken to the
County Jail at Martinez yesterday after
noon. He bears an excellent reputation
In Richmond and It is generally believed
that his w.orst connection with the case
Is In trying to shield his friend Thornton.
SIRRENBERG IS SILENT.
Joseph Moitoza decided it would be un
eafe to keep his prisoner longer in Rich
mond, so he sent his brother Frank with
Thornton In a buggy to San Pabio. where
a train was caught and the prisoner safe
ly landed in the County Jail at Martinez.
Early yesterday morning Sheriff R. R.
Veale arrived In Richmond, accompanied
by Justice of the Peaen E. P. Mastt.rson
of San Pablo, and Immediately took per
sonal charge of the case. Judge Uaster-
Bon, after a conference with Frank Pur
fell, issued warrants for Thornton and
also for Henry SJrrenberg. proprietor of
the Louvre saloon, charging them joint
ly with assault i to murder. Sirrehpcrg's
saloon adjoins the office of Thornton and
the rear door of the Faloon can readily
be gained through Thornton's yard. The
two men have been close friends and
have been accustomed to take their meals
together in the saloon.* It 'was in this
saloon that Thornton was found after the
shooting. »
Notwithstanding Thornton's denials, he
was placed sunder arrest and the officiate
and citizens started an investigation Into
the crime. Thornton lived in a cottage
directly opposite the junction of Railroad
and Tunnel avenues. It was found that
a panel in the fence adjoining his house
had been sawed out at a distance of
about eighteen inches from the top. Run
ning from thfc fence at an acute angle
to a post in the yard and at a level with
the bottom of the hole made by the re
moval of the panel was a stick at about
the proper height to make a good gun
rest fcr a man of Thornton's stature.
Over the hole In the fence had been
placed a board, covered with canvas, in
such a way as to leave an ample port
hole, but hiding the sa wed-out panel
from the notice of passers-by.
When these Incriminating facts were
discovered and it was understood that
Pursell'B injuries were very *erious, the
residents of the town became much
wrought up. There was strong talk of
lynching and from among the large crowd
gathered around the Louvre saloon there
were frequent cries of "Get a rope!"
"Lynch him!"
Deputy Joe Moitoza asked him if he
had a rifle and he said that he did not and
never had owned one since he had lived
in Richmond.
DENIES OWNING RIFLE.
tincer, who is said to be over 70 years of
age. was arrested and charged with the
crime. He was found in the Louvr6
ealoon, only a few steps from the scene
of the attempted assassination, by Deputy
Sheriff Frank Moitcza. and on his person
was found a .38 caliber revolver, with all
the chambers full. ¦ Deputy Sheriff Joseph
G. Moitoza arrived a few seconds after
ward and the two deputies questioned
Thornton regarding the shooting. He de
nied knowing anything about it, although
he exhibited extreme nervousness during
the examination.
"There Is my gun," he said, "you can
see that all the loads are in it.' 1 >¦
The injured man was. resting easily
last night. Drs. Lucas and Abbot are In
attendance on him. They pronounce his
wound sf rlous but not necessarily fatal
unless the shock should be greater than
expected. It Is Bald that Pureell Is dis
couraged and fears he may die, which
state of mind Is regarded as unfavorable
to his recovery. The doctors determined
yesterday afternoon not to attempt prob
ing for «rts' bullet, and It will be' allowed
to remain In.Pufseirs body unless Its pro
duction shall be demanded as absolutely
necessary in the prosecution of the case
against Thornton, In which case It will
have to be located by an X-ray. .
Some years ago Thornton, who at the
time was a contractor on the Valley road,
had a dispute with a laborer ovef wages
at Stockton, and shot the man. through
the hand,. for which offense he was fined
?500. ;. • .. ;•'.' • :
The trouble that led up to the attempt
ed assassination Is said to have had its
beginning on the night of June 6, when
Purseli and a tlval drayman named W.
M. Richards became engaged In a stree't
fight. - Colonel Thornton started to take
a liana against Pursell. when the latter'a
brother-in-law. Joseph White, knocked
him down and beat him severely. Pursell
and White were arr«>sud f but wera ac
quitted bv a Jury.
Thornton is a Kentuckian by birth, a
notrd fire-eater, and Is said to .have
brooded deeply over the thrashing, blam
ing Pursell for Its administration. He is
a man of considerable means and- has
done a thriving business as an architect,
designing nearly all the new buildings in
Richmond. It Is expected that lift will
make, a vigorous effort to 'clear himself
of the charge, and it Is said that In ad
dition-to his own means he will be as
sisted by friends in making his- fight for
freedom/ Both he and Sirrenberg -were
held without bail to await the outcome
of Pursdl's wound. . '
"There are Some", however, who' protest
a belief of Thornton's Innocence and that
he is .-not- without irlcnds .s evidenced In
many ways. Besides Slrrenberg, vWho is
maintaining, silence, supposedly 'through
friendship., some zealous Thornton sup
porters daubed the freshly pawed panel
with dirt Tuesday night to give it the
appearance of an old cut. Unfortunately
for the success of this idea, many. people
had already viewed the marks and found
them recent, and In addition the dauber
neglected to treat .„ the marks of the
hatchet on" the inside of the fence, which
still give testimony to their freshness.
THORNTON HAS FRIENDS.
A search of Thornton's office And effects
disclosed the presence in a toolchest of a
keyhole saw and a hatchet, with nicks in
the blade. An examination 'at the sawed
off panel showed that the piece had been
knocked out with a hatchPi and the'
marks on the wood corresponded to the
nlCKs ki the blade of the hatchet.' The
lid to the -toolchest had been screwed
down after the tools had been replaced.
In a locked trunk was found a 22-calibcr
repeating rifle, carrying a long cartridge,
and in the barrel was a« discharged shell.
The: rifle hod been "broken" and stock
and barrel shoved in the trunk hurriedly.
The hole made in the Clothing of Pursell
fitted exactly a 22-calib^r bullet, and all
these things taken In connection left no
doubt In the minds of the officials and
citizens arenerally that the bullet which
wounded Pursell -was sped from the rifle
found In the trunk and that it was
Thornton's finger that pressed the trig
ger. ¦ -<—¦--' -¦ .;
cial .prosecutor by Pursell, seem to bear
out strongly this theory.^ ¦'
MEN ARRESTED FOR COM
PLICITY IN ATTEMPTED AS
SASSINATION, THE WOUND
ED VICTIM AND SCENE OF
Y* THE TRAGEDY.
OLD HOTEL AT ADAMS ;
« SPRINGS BURNS i TO GROUND
Fire Is Prevented From Communi
cating to Adjoining Buildings
,; Aftsr a Hard Fight.
CALISTOOA. July 8.— The old hotel on
th? left side of the plaza at Adams
Springs was totally destroyed by tire this
afternoon, entailing a loss of about
S3000. There are 230 guests at the springs,
but fortunately no one waS injured. >
The fire spread rapidly through the ho
tel structure, but owing to an. adequate
supply of, water and good pressure the
¦ ? ¦
Students Arrested.
LONDON, July 9.— According to a Vien
na dispatch to the Times a memorial ser
vice for the victims of the Klshenev
massacre was held yesterday In the syn
agogue of the Austrian capital. The stu
dents, wishing to show- their disapproval
of the massacre, decided to attend In a
body. At the entrance to the synagogue
they were surrounded by gendarmes and
arrested. They will be prosecuted tbr
disturbing public order.
CITY OF MEXICO. July 8.-Ttaer» Is
much excitement among the people or
the towti of Cocolapan over the fall of a
meteor of tremendous size. The heavenly
visitor struck the bronze statue of E»
candon and demolished It and then
buried itself in the ground. The meteor
produced a terrific noise, and the people
of the town were panic-stricken.
FALLING METEOR ffT w '* KHkj4
STATUE IN MEXICAJT TOW3T
Heavenly Visitor Throws People of
Cocolapan Into a State
of Panic.
flames were prevented from communicat
ing to the adjoining buildings. The origin
of the fire la not known.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va.. July 8.—In
vestigation to-day shows that, twenty-one/
persons were killed in the wreck of the
Southern Railway passenger train at
Rockflsh last evening. AH of the bodies
have been recovered except of Passenger
Engineer Davis. Several of the Injured
are In a critical condition and their re
covery is doubtful.
The cause of the disaster has been of
ficially reported as inattention to orders,
the freight conductor, W. B. f Brubeck.
reading his orders to mean that tho pas
eenger was one hour and twenty minutes
IJte. when it should have been twenty
miHutes only.. He allowed the switch to
remain open. Brubeck is insane from
mental anguish. About ten small children
escaped injury. Being foreigners, they
cannot tell anything about their parents,
who were killed in the wreck. The little
ones are being cared for by the people of
the city.
Inattention to Orders Is Given as
the Cause of the Dis
aster.
TWENTY-ONE KILLED IN
VIRGINIA RAILROAD WRECK
BERLIN, July 8.— The papers here to
day "print accounts of the banquet wnlch
Cornelius Vanderfcilt gave on board his
steam yacht North Star at .Travemunde.-
July 4, in celebration of Independence
day, and at-.whlch Emperor William and
Prince Henry of Prussia were present.
When the banquet besan the Emperor's
yacht Hohenzollern flred a salute of
twenty-one guns by order of the. Em
peror. The music' was supplied by the,
Iccal band of Travemunde and .Included
a number of Amoricarualra-iajicLaleo, at
Mr. Vanderbilt's request; % tiic*7*Song to
Aegir," composed by the. Emperor.
Eevaral .Amfpcpn steam' yachts accom
panied ¦ the Hon«nzpn«rn on her way to
Norwiiy.^. "• "*>"
CORNELIUS VANDERBELT HAS
GERMAN EMPEROR FOR GUEST
Entertains Kaiser- on His Yacht
North St*r While Band Plays
William's Composition.
¦" Th& dead- men- were coopers .and had
been working at the new plant about a
month. - Both wtrefrom San Francisco.
Nothing is known concerning their rela
tives. Neither 'was married.'
Mhc tank is of 33,00(f gallons' capacity,
and. had two feet -and a half of mixed
wine and water ¦. In - it. The men had
taken oif the head of the tank and in <ki-
Ing so had accidentally dropped some of
their tools •. inside. ' ; A" rope was lowered
into the- tank and Walker descended on
i>to. secure the tools. He had gone but
a little. way When he was overcome by
tho fumes and. fell to the bottom. He
called for help. as he was falling and a
ladder was sefcured at once and Kichard
eon started Into the tank to his assist
ance. Richardson.' too, was overcome
by the fumes and fell into the water.
Lawson followed Richardson, intending
to get both men out of the tank. When
he felt the fumes overpowering him he
clung, to the '¦¦ ladder until« companions
hauled: him back 4>ut of danger. Walker
and Richardson were dead whtn fresh air
made it safe for the other men to venture
Into the tank. •
George.: Li woon, another cooper em
ployed witfi the drowned men, also fell
Into the tanK, but' fortunately escaped
the fate of his companions. . Word of the
accent was 'Immediately telegraphed
to 'this .city and Coroner Cowan left at
once for the scene to hold the Inquest. He
has. not yet'returned. '
FRESNO, July 8.— Overpowered by th*
lumea rising from an old "wine tank which
they repairing, Jacob AValker and
Alfred Richardson fell; Into the vat this
morning:,: and before assistance, copld be
given them they were drowned. The ac
cident" happe'ned at Kingsburg, where a
new. wine-making plant Is being con
structed by the Italian-Swiss colony.
«5ptei*l Dlapatch to ili« Call,
Two San Franciscans , Meet
..... Accidental Deaths at .
. VKingsburg. \-
Fumes Qverpower Them
and They Fall Into
a Big Vat.
COOPERS DROWN
IN WINE TANK
STRONG EVIDENCE IS DISCOVERED
CONNECTING THORNTON WITH CRIME
Attempted Assassination of Frank Pursed at Richmond Arouses Residents
to Fever Heat of Excitement and Great Majority of Them Hold One of
the Men Now Under Arrest Responsible for: the Cowardly Deed
THE SAN FRANOI^Cp fOALL, THUHSDAY, JULY 9, iyO3.
2
IB fcSSBw^SBES^Bfl HB^^^^Bsfc' 4 '?-^ ¦ ¦.¦.¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦... - ,_^ .>*<*** ¦¦.- ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦. > *^ ..¦ • ..¦¦ • - ¦ • '"." ¦¦¦¦:¦:¦¦¦ -. * . Bb^b.^BSE^H^jB3^HH i'V-^^"* sfis&^i^ SBBB^ff*^ . -fl
Be Sure to Get This Beautiful Picture FREE With tour I
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
— — — ; — *
1^ PSVXVY sel1 her h <* ] *
Eg •* PT\ \|\ \ x % f or and she would tell
W Jfk \\\ \ » *?* that the choicest
¦ kS^. » \ \<^ianioads ia the trorid
a [M&, \V could not buy it. \Vha:
P jraftil \'\ U9e for diamond rings to
M*l3vi \ em P kas^ ze li « shrunken
A&« \ finders, or earrings to light
j>t21 *trp the cheeks hollowed by
WfBl disease?
OXjgSf Health is the first requisite
. §Bjj§&to woniinlj heppanesx Genera!
KSkyill-health m women has its on.
¦ €«u S^ 21 * n OC 9^ womanly disecsts.
Kay Cure the diseases of the delicata
Hi womanly organism and ths gen-
eral health :s perfectly rectcrcd.
J^ The remarkable benefits ez-
ffl perienced from the use of Dr.
M Pierce's Favorite Prescriptioa
¥tt are dne to this medicine's per-
*|9A feet csret of womanly diseases.
: Lu It establishes regularity, driea
mm weakeairg drains, heals infiatu-
W matioa ana ulceratioh and cures
' €1 ' ' female weakness. ¦ ¦ ¦
»L . *It ofTordf me great pleasare to bt
V\» able to »sy a few words ia regard to
1H the' merit* of Dr. Pierce'* Rivorite
tl PreacriptioB asd bis'Coldca Medksl
H ZMseorcrr,* write* Mrs. Flora Km, of
s Dallas. Jacksoa Co.. Mo, "I was
/ tempted to try these medicines after
(i setiug tb« effect opoa my mother. At
B as early stage of married life I was
M greatly bothered % with painful peri-
JfS ods, also a troublesome drain -which
// rendered me very wesk and unfit for
Ml work: of any kind. I became so tbin
fj there was nothing left of me but skin
Eft aad bone. My husband became
- us alarmed and got me a bottle of ' Ka-
'W Torite Prescription.' After he mw the
j wonderfuI^eiKCts of that one he jot
L me two rrore, and after I oeed those
JKl up there was no more pain, 2nd I be-
KK g*n to gaia in nesh very rapidly.*
W « Favorite Prescription*' makes
weak women strong, rick women
- J* . weil. , Acccept.no, suBstiute for
the medicint which works won-
$£§£&££%, sr » for wca^
•, \ I kriwjks requisites. • ¦
JBk^^<?/^( ' Jlm Dumps had In his neighborhood |j
u&BLtfrasnsiP'/j I A man who ne'er would try new food. 11
G&FrTfiBgj^^ if "Buy just one box of 'Force,* 'twill cost H
""^r /^HV Jk N So little that there's not much lost. |j
I 1 7~& Hr You'll keep on, tho' your purse be slim, H
ml'l'jf W — " 'Twill force you to," said "Sunny Jim." |j
II MSL ' Tie Ee*d7-to-8«rTe Ccreil jT^^^^J
I ~* lj est recomm endation«
H Alwtvv, w*rtts Mot: * I nSo* H
§ "'Fores' strnck the right spot. The more 1 eat the more I J(^ ?4
.. g .want. My family is as well pleaaed with it as I am. T.R.B«Krr. n |jPOPE LEO'S LIFE,
v This : discontinues^ the present, post of
Clcnf uegos,' and leaves In Cuba • the i Sev
enteenth and -Nineteenth companies at
Santiago' and | the Twentieth and .Twenty
second r att Havana, which latter compa
nies will ultimately garrison the two pro
jected Vcoaling] stations at Bahla Honda
and Guantanamo.
"WASHINGTON, July. 8— The Secretary
of War has ordered the withdrawal from
Cuba of four companies of coast artil
lery, ; the . Eighteenth and Twenty-first,
now at Cienfuegos, and the Twenty-third
and Twenty-fourth, now at Havana. , The
Eighteenth (Company is to take station
at Fort Schuyler, N. Y. ; the iTwenty-flrst
at Mott; N, J.; and 'the Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth at iFort McKinley, i Me.
Secretary of War by His Latest
' • OTder Discontinues Post of
* .. Cienfuegos.
WITHDRAWS ARTILLERY
COMPANIES FROM CUBA
GRASS VALLEY, July S.— An unknown
miscreant who attempted to poison a
dog belonging to Alfred Scoble of this
city nearly caused the death of Scoble's
two little children, Delia and Alfred/ and
the' young son t of Thomas Collins. The
children were playing in a lot near. the
Scoble home last night, when they sud
denly became violently ill. They were
carried to the home of Scoble and a phy
sician was •summoned. The little girls
and the Collins lad remained unconscious
for several hours- and for a time" their
lives werej despaired of. - The Collins boy
was apparently^ lifeless ¦ when the physi
cian ¦ arVived and only rallied after most
heroic treatment. ' The children passed
from one spasm to" another and until /a
late hour Tuesday night It was not cer
tain that they would recover. Their con
dition indicated strychnine poisoning.
It is the belief of , the parents that the
children handled , some poisonous sub
stance left for Scoble's dog, as some;un
known person has attempted 'to poison
the -animal • several : times "[ of late. : The
children ;alsol ate -candy.', but- this,, was
harmless/ as ¦ at the • time of Its purchase
a' fourth ; child ' ate sonieof It ; and . felt no
111 effects.'. The general belief is tha t { the
poison adhered to their hands and, became
attached ''; to = : ;the * ; sticky confectionery.
Should ' the ; dog poisoner be ¦ found • public
Miscreant Endangers the
Lives of Children at
Grass Valley.
HONOLULU, July 8.— The Supreme
Court has been occupied ¦ for three days
in taking testimony in the suit for dis
barment by Attorney General Andrews
against ex-Circuit Judge A. S. Humphreys
and Attorney Frank E. Thompson. The
suit : . is an ¦ outcome of ¦ the Sumner case,
in which it is alleged the defendants were
guilty of unprofessional ; practices. At
torney, Henry ' E. Highton, who was one
of the lawyers in the Sumner case, was
the principal witness to-day. The testi
mony of the hearing has developed that
there is much bitterness existing between
the parties involved In the case. The case
is exciting -great public interest. . -owing
to the prominence of the men accused..
Trial in Suit for Disbarment of Ex-
Judge Humphreys Attracts
- Great Interest.
ATTORNEY H.-.E. HIGHTON
WITNESS IN HONOLULU CASE
CITIZENS SEARCH
FOR A POISONER
indignation has reached such a point that
he will be fortunate if he escapes sum
mary justice at the hands ot the citi
zens. • .
Dr. Antonio Cardarelli and Dr. Guido
Baccelli.
But, apart from the question of hurt
ing Dr. Lapponi's feelings, further diffi
culty thereupon arose, owing to the ex
isting relations between Church and
State. Dr. Cardarelli was a member of
the Chamber of Deputies for sixteen years
and is now a Senator: that is to say, he
nils a position which has necessitated not
only taking the oath of allegiance to the
King and to support the constitution, but
he also has sworn to obey -the Italian
laws. Including the Papal guarantees,
which regulate the position of the Papacy
in regard to the Italian State, thus mak
ing him obnoxious to the Papal partv. ',
Dr. Baccelli's position is even more dif
ficult. In addition to havinsr been a
member of the Chamber of Deputies for
thirty years he Is actually a Minister of
the crown of Italy, being Minister of
Commerce, Industry and Agriculture. Dr.
Baccelli occupies such a high position in
medical science that, notwithstanding his
political principles, he has often, been
called to the . deathbed of prominent ec
clesiastics and was consulted during the
last illness of Pope Pius IX.. but then he
was not a * Minister and had not been
one. .-•
In spite of these objections, the wishes
of the Pocd family were respected and
It was announced that Drs. Lapponi and
Mazzoni would consult with Dr. Carda
relli to-morrow morning.
To-night the Vatican rejected the idea
of a consultation with Dr. Baccelli. be
cause of his position as a member of the
Italian Cabinet, • although' Dr. Mazzoni
preferred him.
HISTORY OF LEO'S ILLNESS.
The newspapers : this evening published
a history of the Pope's illness, evidently
inspired by Drs. Lapponi and Mazzoni.
who wish to defend themselves, from the
attacks on their diagnosis of " the case,
but it Is Interesting as the firs* docu
ment giving exact data from a medical
point of view.. The account runs as fol
lows:
"On the morning of Tuesday, June 30,
Pope Leo went for a drive in the Vatican
gardens. On; returning . he declared that
he had been greatly . benented by the
Lapponi and Mazzoni had misjudged the
disease, taking for pneumonia what was
really pleurisy. Both • accepted the . Idea
of a consultation with any»of their col
leagues. Many eminent"' specialists have
been proposed, but it was stated to-night
that It practically had been determined
that Dr. Rossini should be called in if an
other consultation"- was decided upon.
However, Dr. Mazzoni said that' in his
opinion there was no immediate need of
a consultation and that one would not be
held unless the present conditions
changed.
. Groups of silent, curious persons
watched the lights glimmer In the sick
chamber till past midnight from the
broad- piazza outside St. Peter's, anxious
ly waiting for news from within. Now
and then distinguished prelates came and
inquired regarding the Pope's condition,
and > they in turn would give to the little
groups their varying impressions of hop«
and fear. The prevailing sentiment of
those admitted nearest to the sufferer is
that his life Is gradually ebbing away,
but whether the final agency will be a
matter of hours "or, of ; days neither the
doctors nor his nearest friends can tell.
France Will Not
Claim Right to
High Patronage
.Vp^ARIS, July 8.— It has been stated in
: MJ dispatches from Rome that * Car-
dinal Mathleu would in the event
of the death of the Pope claim for France
the ancient right to exercise high patron
age (the right to control) at the conclave.
An inquiry on the subject at the Foreign
Office brought the reply that the report
was untrue. No such instructions have
been sent to Cardinal Mathleu or to.oth
er. Cardinals. ' The presence of Cardinal
Mathieu at the Vatlcan'is due to the fact
that ho 'is a member of the papal gov
ernment, which necessitates his attend
ance under the circumstances. Ills action
Is quite independent, of. the ' French ; Gov-?
ernment, ' which has not contemplated ' the
exercise of any ' influence ; over - the con
clave.TaBIWWWiaflBgWBWgS3attMMM :..,'.
Supreme Pontiff As He appeared in the Prime of Life and Before His Present Illness
Pontiff Sorry
That He Cannot
Continue Work
*f\ OME, July 8.— The following partic
[J ulars of the visit of Dr. Lapponi and
i^Dr. Mazzoni to the Pope this morn
ins were obtained:
"How feels his Holiness this morning?"
esked Dr. Mazzoni. t,
S"I arn weaker."
••Perhaps you did not sleep sufficiently."
l# No, no," answered the Pope. "I was
..jtter last nighty I am sorry, because
to-day should be a day of grsat-work."
••Surely," Dr. Mazzoni replied, "his Ho
liness does not intend to work?"
"Certainly." answered the Pope. "I
have so many things to do, but I am
afraid I have not the strength."
Both of the doctors then proceeded to
convince, the Pontiff of the necessity of
rest, urging him rot to place obstacles in
the way of his recovery.
"I shall do as you wish." said the Pope
in conclusion, with a sigh of resignation.
Afterward his Holiness expressed a de
sire to rise, saying he would be more
comfortable in his arm chair. The Pope's
attendant, Rio Clntra, proceeded to help
him to arise, but the Pope refused his as
sistance, saying he could still move by
himself. In fact, without any help ex
cept that afforded by his cane, the Pon
•tlff walked a lew steps to his arm chair,
repeating now and then, "I am weaker,
1 am weaker."
Part of the work referred to by the
Pope was to repeat a notfena to the Ma
donna of the Cermeni, whose feast begins
to-day. The- Pope is a very devout ven
erator of this madonna.
Dr. Mazzoni, speaking about the Pope
this afternoon, remarked: \
"It has always been said that Pope Leo
has shown powers of extraordinary resis
tance to disease. He enjoys the absolute
harmony of all his organs and of his
physical, moral and intellectual qualities.
white seuccetto, or the small cap, the
emblem of Papal dignity, to the new Pon
tiff, who is expected to remove his red
cap and put the white one on his head,
and the red one on the head of the kneel
ing officiating Monsiegneur as a sign that
he will eoon create him a Cardinal,
On the occasion of his election in 1S78,
Leo calmly and slowly folded up his red
seuccetto and put it Into his . pocket, as
a mute protest against politics. The < of
ficiating prelate was Monsiegneur Lasagni,
who. In fact, waited about three years
before entering the 'sacred college.
The fortunate prelate who is now look
ing forward to the dignity of a promotion
is Monsiegneur Volponi, who has Just been
appointed Secretary of the Consistorial
Congregation as a reward, perhaps, for
his polished Latin,' which has been at the
disposition of the Pontiff for so many
years. '-¦-" •
frequently without assistance and occa
sionally taking a small draught of diluted
wine and the yolk of eggs. The only solid
fcod he has taken are calves* brains and
moat broth. . ' B&CBJBBHHBfi
The evening official bulletin, following
a consultation ¦ between : Drs. . Lapponi ' and
Mazzoni,* completely contradicted ¦'• the
alarmist reports and gave the most fa
vorable statement. This was disclosed in
the improved pulse, better respiration
and ameliorated general condition. Dr.
Mazzoni said in a. conversation following
the issuance of the 8:13 o'clock bulletin
that while the Pope's condition continued
desperate recovery was not entirely Im
possible. H9EBtl
CONSULTATION TO BE HELD.
Unfortunately some elements in the
population of Rome, including a few who
are high in the councils of the Vatican,
are inclined to cast doubt on the sincerity
of the bulletins. This led during the day
to a strong movement in favor, of calling
other physicians... Thei, theory of the ini-j
tia tors of this movement' was . that ? Drs. ,
<yvOME, July 8.— The churches this
. f^ morning .were more crowded than
is usual with supplicants interced
ing for the recovery of the Pontiff, re
peating the pro pontlfico infirmo prayer.
An instance of the strain prevailing ow
ing to the Pope's illness is the case of a
Roman who went to the Basilica and
shouted: //7'~"
"I am the Pope's nephew. The Pope Is
dead. We are all lost; we must all die."
He tried to throw himself from a con
siderable height, but was rescued and
taken into custody.
The intense anxiety about the Pontiff's
condition which is felt throughout tha
United States as shown by the receipt of
a very largo number of telegrams from
eminent American prelates and lay Cath
olics in America making anxious in
quiries and expressing the hope that the
prayers for his recovery will be an
swered.
The Noble Guard which had been sent
as bearer of the red hat to the new Car
dinals—Katsthaler. Archbishop of Salz
burg, Austria, and Taliano. papal nuncio
at Vienna— has been recalled to Rome be
cause of the illness of the Pope. The
Noble Guard sent to Lisbon to present
the red hat to Cardinal Ajuti. the papal
nuncio there, will remain until July 11,
when the hat will be conferred upon him
if the Pope does not die meanwhile.
Crowd Churches
to Offer Prayer
for Pope's Life
#«X O1IE, May 8.— The election of a new
JJr Pope generally brings a change in
the great departments, including
the Papal Secretary of State and Vicar of
Rome, the representative of the Pontiff
in spiritual affairs; the Vice Chancellor,
who has charge of issuing the Papal
bulls; the Grand Penitentiary, who pre
sides at the tribunal of penitentiaries,
granting absolution under certain circum
stances, and the Librarian of the Holy
Church, besides all other positions more
or less important associated with or de
pending on these gTeat dignitaries.
There is only one man who holds such a
position as to be certain to profit by the
election of a new Pope, If the usual cus
tom is observed. This is the Secretary
of the Consistorlal Congregation, who,
during the conclave, acts as Secretary of
State. It is his duty, when a Pope is
elected, to advance, kneel and offer the
Pope's Protest
Against Politics
in the Church
W^ OHE, July 9.— A tragic Impression
. JfS is made by the Pope's appearance
Sf^£' on all who are allowed to ap-
¦* proach him. His head, leaning
back on the cushion of his arm
chair, seems inanimate, and one wonders
•whether one is before a. shadow or a
husan form. The unconsciousness in
which he is lost from time to time causes
him to look like a corpse. It might be be
lieved that he is dead were it not for the
¦heavy and irregular breathing, which
shows that he is alive.
His Holiness passed sleepless hours on
Tuesday nig-nt, which arrested the im
provement that had manifested Itself
Tuesday evening, and this greatly en
feebled the illustrious sufferer. . The end
•was believed to be quite near yesterday
morning, and rumors of the Pope's death
•were circulated in the city. Several times
before noon the newspapers had issued
special editions stating- that the sovereign
* Pontiff was in the last death throes. The
Cardinals thereupon returned to the Vati
can in gTcat haste and the populace
f ocked to the various churches to pray
lor the repose of the Pope's soul.
However, his Holiness was maintaining
I his supreme Ftrugsle against death and
lr.sisted on risinp and dressing, still re
furiryr the assistance of his valet.
Throughout the morning- he remained
Fcat.d in his armchair in a semi-ccn
c!?!oi:f state.
'¦'- TAKES SOME NOUSISHMENT.
In the afternoon his pcneral depression
was Irs? acute, end the administration of
nourishment, which had been almost im
pof=sible in the morning, became compar
* ativc-ly easy, this conducing to improve
ment in the patient** peneral condition.
In the course of the afternoon his Holi
ness wished to resume the tasks to which
he has devoted his attention during his
illness. Ho asked for the latest dispatches
from sovempns who were making (n
" quiries about his condition. When Count
Pecci. his nephtw. expressed a desire
that he should be visited by other physi
cians, he replied:
"No. no; I do not wish to see doctors
•who are strangers to me. If Professor
Mazroni and- Dr. Lapponi cannot succeed
.in curing me it means that divine Provi
dence is summoning me."
SAYS THE END IS NEAR.
Durir.g Professor Mazzoni's visit in the
evening he said:
"I am so weak I cannot last much long
* er, and I must lea-^ undone many things
which I desired to arrange before my de
parture for eternity." : V .
Sensational rumors were again circu
lated at night, but I am in a position to
state that the Pope's condition remains
absolutely stationary-. His Holiness is
calm, but Count Sat jecii, who left the
Vatican at midnight, says that Leo up
to then had not been able to sleep.
In. anticipation of crowds in the city
during the conclave the hotels, which
c!0sed at the end of the season, are re
opening. It is expected that 40,000 strang
ers will flock to Rome. . _
which Is the real cause of his great re
sistance to illness. Notwithstanding his
advanced age and his present sickness,
the Pope has a constitution capable of
enabling him to recover. The difficulties
and delicacy of the moment are created
by the personality of the Pope. He is a
very sensitive man and a person to whom
a simple injection of caffeine causes
great suffering for about three hours.
Three years ago, when I operated on him
for a cyst, it was said he did not suffer,
but in reality he did suffer intensely.
"The liquid taken yesterday from the
pleura may gather again and another
operation may be necessary, but I hope
not. Some of the- liquid may remain and
often the little which is left is sponta
neously absorbed, which may be the case
with the Pontiff."
Special Cable to The Can and Eew York Herald. Copyright* 1903, by the
Xew York Herald Publishing Company.
On Thursday he declared he felt well,
but Dr. Lapj>onl. wishing to know person
airy the nature of the disturbance com
plained of, spent the night at the Vati
can. During the night the Pope was
sleepless and restless.
"On Friday Dr. Lapponi examined the
Pope and found pulmonary inflammation
in the right thorax, between the^ Inferior
and middle lobes. He informed Cardinal
Rampolla and began the treatment
which he thought right on Saturday. Dur
ing the day the inflammation spread. Dr.
Lapponi, ' worried, desired to have Pope
Leo seen by Dr. Mazzoni. who, since the
operation of 1S20. has visited the Pontiff
occasionally, replacing Dr. Lapponi dur
ing his illness with appendicitis.
"On Sunday Dr. Mazzoni went to the
Vatican and examined the patient with
Dr. Lapponi, confirming the tatter's
diagnosis, viz: An inflammatory process
in the lung, which was denned In the
medical bulletin as , pulmonary heptlza
tion. The original treatment was con
tinued, consisting of supporting the
strength of the heart and general condi
tion of the patient.,
"No noticeable change was observed*
until Monday evening. It was then founu
that tbe lowest part of the right thorax,_
which previously was pervious to respira
tion, had become Impervious, affecting
the function of the lung. The presence of
liquid was suspected. The Pontiff spent
an agitated and sleepless night.
"On Tuesday many symptoms con
firmed the presence of liquid. Its In
crease was considered to account for the
Pope's general condition growing worse.
After a test puncture SCO grammes of
blood and liquid were extracted. The
condition of the patient Improved Imme
diately, reviving' hope, slight In some
persons and exaggerated In others. The
amelioration in the condition of the pa
tient was not continued during Tuesday.
Indeed, depression gained the upper
hand."
fresh air and wished to repeat the- drive.
The Pooe «aid he felt no need of a medi
cal visit and informed Dr. Lapponi not
to go and see him.
"During the night of "Wednesday, July*-
I, Pope Leo complained ot Intestinal
disturbance, which he attributed to con
stipation. Notwithstanding he went Into
the Vatican gardens and returned to his
apartments, again' feeling' benefited from,
his drive.
It became known later that. the motive
for Dr. Mazzoni's sudden call by Cardinal
Rampolla originated in what Vatican cir
cles have already baptized the "rebellion
of the Cardinals" against Dr. Lapponi.
It appears that some of. the Cardinals
complained of the doctor's treatment of
the patient, thinking that Dr. Lapponi
had not. from the • beginning, detected
that the Pope was suffering from an affec
tion ofithe pleura, thus allowing the dis
ease to assume a gravity which otherwise
perhaps might have been avoided.
Dr. Lapponi, who is supported by Dr.
Mazzoni, indignantly repudiated the idea.
Both of the doctors declared that barely
five days had elapsed since the Pope be
came ill and they claimed that three days
ago they detected water in the pleura
and added that it was not possible, when
the liquid was just gathering, nor was it
prudent, considering the age and weak
ness of the Pontiff, to risk a test puncture
before having almost certainly detected
the presence of serum.
NOTED PHYSICIANS BARBED.
However, the criticising Cardinals not
only maintained their view, but succeed
ed in reaching the. ear of Cardinal Ram
polla. Besides this, the Pope's relatives
proposed that a consultation be held with
the most illustrious physicians, naming
whispered conversation ensued.
This gave rise to all kinds of
rumors, but It was soon explained that
Cardinal Rampolla had taken upon him
self the duty of acting as mouthpiece for
some of the intimate friends and rela
tives of the Pope, who suggested- the ad
visability of calling certain other doctors
into consultation. Dr. Mazzoni replied
that he had not the least objection to
such a consultation, but that the symp
toms and course - of the disease were so
clear and well-defined as to leave no
doubt as to the diagnosis. He, therefore,
was unable to see the necessity i for the
step proposed.
¦ July 8.— Dr. Mazzoni was
g Jsuddenly called out of the sick
Br^i chamber by Cardinal Rampolla
this evening and a v hurried
Wasted Appearance of the
Venerable Patient Im=
presses Visitors.
Medical Advisers Indignant
at the Criticism of
Their Course.
CARDINALS FIND FAULT WITH LEO'S PHYSICIANS,
BUT THE POPE ' SAYS HE WILL HAVE NO OTHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 19O3.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Our Customers and Friends :
Fire in our repository at Market
and Tenth streets the morning of
July 8 destroyed a portion of our
mock of vehicles. The main partv*
of our merchandise, however. Is ¦
stored in our warehouse at Fifth
and KSiir- greets and is uninjured.
All ordr-rs will be filled with usual
promptness and business will becon-
tlucted the Kim(? as heretofore. Our
repair r-hops in the new building
on Tenth street are not injured and
our manufacturing and repairing
arc being promptly attended to.
Kor the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1225 Market
street, between Ninth and Tenth
streets. Telephone Private Ex-
chance €34.
' We thank our friends for the pat-
ronspo elven us heretofore and re-
ppect fully solicit a continuance of
tlio same
STTJDBBAKBI?
Bros. Company
gQ. X325 MABEET STREET.
Good-enough tea and coffee,
five and four kinds— Schilling's
Best — 2.1 fiur prices; monc;. -
back. , %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining- Call Buildiagv
Healthy Boys Knock
Out Their Shoes Quick
Parents know from experience
what it costs to shoe the boys, for.
with their running and climbing
they knock a shoe out in short orxler.
A shoe therefore that vJU sfand
the wear and tear must T>e mado ,
extra solid and have oak soles and
that Is what we offer this week.*
Boys' best quality dark Russia
calf lace shoes, coin toes and tips and
double soles. WILL BE SOLD AT.
$1.:i5 A PAIR. Sizes 'IVx to 5^:
widths B to EE. Regular price
$2.00.
W-HEN YOU BUY THE GLORIA
$'.'.'. T>O SHOES, you don't have to
stop and wonder if you could have
done better, elsewhere. They are
the best shoes for women ever of-
fered at that price and combine
elegance, comfort and wear. Made
in turns or welts.
B, KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THXRD ST., San rraacii«o.PORTLAND. Or.. July 8.— The press and
publicity bureau of the I^wls and Clarke Ex
position to-day selected F. J. Levlnson of the
Orc-gonian, staff as chief of the bureau. I^ev
lnson Is well known all over the Pacific Coast
ha vine been engaged in newspaper work "Tn
San Francisco. Seattle and Portland for the
jaet twenty-nve years.
WASHINGTON. July 8.— Postofflce discon
tinued July 31 : California— Craig, Modoc
County, mall , to Lookout.
Po6tma»t^r commissioned: California
1'boniks Iiodeson. CofTe*.
Navy orders — Lieutenant W. B. Whittlesey.
dptachrd Bfnnington to home and await or
der*; Mk!fh!pman J. C. Fremont, detached
fVrry to Alert.
Army order — Major Ira McNutt as ordnance
officer of Department of California.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
• OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Son Robs His Mother.
ALAMEDA, July 8.— Freddie Gordon, 10
years of age, Is wanted. by the police for
stealing his mother's gold watch and
chain and disposing of them, to a Chinese
for 50 cents. His mother reported the
matter to the police, who succeeded In
recovering the timepiece and chain In
Chinatown. Young Gordon, upon hearing
that he was to be arrested, ran away.
CHICAGO. July 8.— Another strike of H.
H. Kohlsaat & Co.'s waiters was Inaugurated
to-day in seven of the downtown lunch rooms
of the company. This action, coming after
the concern's employes had returned to work
arter an eight-weeks' strike, is said to be a
result of a meeting of the colored waiters'
union last night, when It was , reported that
the company refused to sign the union wage
scale. i.V
ALAMEDA, July 8.— Amandus Roebke
died this morning at his home, 1100 Col
lege avenue, from septicemia, following
an ax cut he accidentally inflicted In the
calf of his right leg some weeks ago. De
ceased was 51 years of age, a native of
Germany, and was engaged in business
here. He is survived by a wife and
seven children. Alex, Bruno, Hans, Norma
and Waldemar Roebke, Mrs. Henry Weisel
and Mrs. Ralph Reynolds.
Ax Wound Causes Death.
AIvAMEDA, July 8.— Mrs. Maria Kirby,
wife of the Rev. John Kirby, presiding
elder of the Methodist Episcopal church
for the Oakland district, passed away
early this morning at her home, 1532 Wil
low street. Death was due to ailments In
cidental to advanced years, she having
reached her eighty-fifth birthday. De
ceased- was a native of Colne, England,
and had lived in California twenty-two
years, fourteen of which were spent in
Alameda. f •:.'¦' . . : ; ¦ V
Demise of Mrs. John Kirby.
AI^AMEDA, July 8.— Captain II. H.
Todd, manager of the Park Hotel and a
prominent veteran of the Grand Army of
the Republic, is confined to his apart
ments in the hostelry suffering from
burns due to the application of a power
ful horse liniment, which he rubbed on
his chest arid arms for rheumatism. He
did not dilute it with twenty parts of
water, as prescribed. Complications have
set In and the patient's advanced years
render his condition serious.
Horse Liniment Sears Veteran.
Entertainment— Peter Hansen, Court
America; F. Rittigstein, Court Golden
Gate; John- Wood, Court San Francisco;
C. Ryst, Ccurt Richmond; L. I. Fross,
Court Palo Altp.
Floor— John Foley, Court Mayflower;
Charles Brlnkhardt, Court General Law
ton; William Donlon. Court Presidio;
Charles Bailey. Court Live, Oak; William
F. Bacon. Court Justice; Leon Rey, Court
Golden Era; H. D. Marion, Court Eucle
ian; ("harks W. Kachcr, Court Hubertus,
and L. Lu BaKer. Court Zenith. Charles
Woodall. Court California, floor manager;
J. J. OCallaghan. Court Bonita. and I.
Gronosky. Court Golden Gate, assistants.
Gate— E. R. Zion of Court Palo Alto;
J. Krumholz. Court Barbarossa; H.
La.nge. Court Seal- Rock; Henry Schrey.
Court Hayes Valley; E. H. Goldstein,
Court Washington; Dr. George A. Juilly,
Court de France; Theodore A. Kelly.
Court Inter Nos; W. F. Spencer, Court
Robin Hood; J. W. lias ton. Court Amer
ica; William McDonald, Court James G.
Elaine.
The San Francisco general relief com
mittee of the Foresters of America will
give its second anniversary outing and
picnic next Sunday. The place selected is
Sunset Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains
and the outing is for the purpose of rais
ing money -which is to be used to replen
ish The friendship fund that is applied by
the association to relieve the pressing
wants of Foresters from places outside
of San Francisco who may be in the city
and in distress. This fund is maintained
by the proceeds of entertainments, socials
and donations and in many instances the
Foresters who are assisted repay and
add a little that they may do some one
else Rood in time of need. So many de
mands have been made of late upon this
fund that it is running low. so every court
in the jurisdiction has been asked to as
sist. There will be entertainment for
those who will go to the mountains, and
dancing. The affair is in charge of the
following named committees:
General committee— T. J. Emery of
Court Sunflower: Daniel Tear, Court Rib-
In Hood: Thomas E. Gibbons, Court El
Dorado: Joseph Gallagher, Court Seal
Rock; R. Stclnman. Court Golden West;
Jacob Label. Court Aurora.
Outing to Increase the San Francisco
Relief Committee's Friend
ship Fund.*
FOEESTEBS WILL PICNIC
IN SANTA CRUZ GROVES
Captain Cullundan will be called. So
will Detective Ed Bell, who made a
drawing of the Interior of the Crockett
warehouses, by means of which all the
grain . remaining in the warehouses is
shown with its distinctive marks, fixing
Its location. The . bare spaces of the
warehouses appear where large quantities
of grain Bhould be as bank assets. The
experts who have examined the books of
Eppinger & Co. will testify.
Friday is likely to be the critical day
in the Grand Jury proceedings. Then It
will probably be determined whether in
dictments shall be found against Jacob
Eppinger. Herman Eppinger and Bern
hard Ettlinger.
After taking the testimony outlined In
the foregoing, the grand jurors spent
some time in going over the testimony
that has been received and discussing it.
An adjournment was taken to to-mor
row afternoon at 2 o'clock. Then the
last of the testimony will be heard.
DISCUSS TESTIMONY.
The testimony of C. F. Herlitz related
to a cart of this wheat. Cutter & Mose
ley delivered it ' i E. C. Evans to the
amount of 400 tons to be shipped on the
Pierre I>otl, and C. F. Herlitz superin
tended the shipment. Robert Herlitz had
the same sort of information for the
Grand Jury. He is connected with Costi
gan & Co.. Costican . sold to Evans 200
tons of wheat that was shipped on the
Bayard. '
H. McFaull. the weigher at Crockett,
testified that he saw Eamund Freund re
marking wheat In the Crockett ware
houses twn days before the failure of
Eppinger & Co. This . contradicted the
testimony previously given by Freund.
Edmund Freund went over about the
same ground as at his previous appear
ance before the Jury. His memory ap
peared to be better than before.
Including what was testified to last
evening witnesses have told of ten lots
of wheat that were shipped from the
Crockett warehouses while the creditors
supposed the grain was etill at Crockett
as security for their loans of gold.
The testimony of . Captain Cullundan
went over until the next meeting of the
Grand Jury. He has important knowl
edge concerning the smuggling of the
grain warehouse grain books from Crock
ett.
P. G. Eastrich of the International
Bank testified concerning the loan made
by his hank April 11 last. The money
was loaned 'on the security of warehouse
receipts fnr wHteat. Some of this wheat
was shipped away April 1 and some in
March, part on the Pierre Lot! and part
on the Bayard, all before the loan was
made. Mr. Eastrich vyas not questioned
long. ; .,
Peter Deming was not inclined to give
the jury much help in finding out abo.ut
the book episode, and it was while he
w'as being questioned about the missing
books that he was warned concerning
his answers. The jurors received from
Deming gome statements that were con
tradictory. He admitted that he received
at Crockett two packages^ from his son
at the warehouses, but claimed that he
did not know what they contained. He
sent them to his house in San Fran
cisco. What was held back by Deming
was given to the jurors by other wit
nesses. Before the night was over it was
testified that Peter Deming was on the
barge San Joaquin when the missing
books were put there by his son James;
that the books were brought to this city
and then were taken by Deming to the
restaurant at 14 Sacramento street, which
is kept by John Windt; that from Windt's
place they were carried by Expressman
Fred Berg to Peter Deming's home; that;
a search was made for the books by
Morse's detectives In Deming's back yard;
that women In the house told the detec
tives that the books had been taken
away two days earlier and that they were
moved away by Fred Berg; that John
Windt offered to sell to the detectives
information about the books; that there
was no question as to the manner in
which the books left Crockett, as one
box was open, and that Bragg, who
shipped the books, billed them as house
hold goods. Berg and Windt told what
they knew about the books, all of which
is included in the preceding.
There was a discrepancy in the testi
mony as ' to what happened at Peter
Deming's house when the books from the
Crockett warehouse were taken there by
Expressman Bere. It was testified that
Berg went directly In with the packages,
but other testimony proved that the doors
of the house are always kept locked and
that some woman came down to let Berg
in with the books.
The books in auestion are those that
tell all about the movements of grain into
and out of warehouse. They are now in
possession of Attorney Ach.
BANKER TESTIFIES.
RECEIVED PACKAGES.
Eppinger & Co.'s failure engaged the
attention of the Grand Jury last night
and much testimony was taken. The
witnesses summoned wer# Edmund
Freund, bookkeeper at the Crockett ware
houses; Hugh McFaull," weigher at the
same warehouses; C. F. Herlitz. grain
sampler for Cutter & Moseley; Robert
Herlitz. grain sampler for Costigan &
Co.; John Wlndt .restaurant-keeper at 14
Sacramento street; Fred Berg, an ex
pressman; Peter Deming, father of Su
perintendent Deming of the Crockett
warehouses; Captain Callundan of
Morse's detective agency and P. G. East
rich of the International Bank. Not all
were heard, but enough of Interest came
out to keep the Jury and District Attor
ney Bylngton busy until late.
Peter Deming was the first witness. He
was before the Grand Jury one hour. He
had a somewhat exciting time. Once he
was told that if he was not more careful
with his answers he would be in danger
of going to jail. His reluctant testimony
was mainly about the spiriting away
from Crockett of the warehouse grain
books, for which the creditors subse
quently caused a search to be made at
the house of Peter Deming. at 2756 Taylor
street, this city.
Indictments May Be Brought in To-
Morrow, When Final Evidence
Will Be Presented for
Consideration.
Missing Grain Books Form
Basis of Varied
Testimony.
We have heard for some time that certain
persons were threatening to institute proceed
ings to set aside, or declare invalid, the sales
of the constituent properties to the United
Railroads. This, as I have said, however,
caused us no uneasiness, for all of these mat
ters had. at the time of their consummation,
the careful attention of the best legal talent
obtainable, including such lawyers as Judge
Oarber, Mr. Foulds and Mr. Heller of San
Francisco, and Mr. Atterbury of New York.
Every possible phase of the questions sug
gested by the attorney first referred to were
exhaustively examined, together with every
possible phase of every other possible ques
tion it was conceived could in any manner
arise in connection with the sales and trans
fers of the several constituent properties to
the United Railroads. The attorneys engaged
in the matter were unanimous in their con
clusions and all agreed that the sales and
transfers were in every way valid and lawiul.
Just why these proceedings should now be
threatened I. of course, do not know. I do
know, however, that they are giving the
United Ralhoads no concern. The fact is that
the whole matter is a tempest in a teapot, for
practically all of the stockholders of the sev
eral selling companies joined In the sales and
transfers and the few remaining shares out
standing are In every way fully protected.
TIrey L. Ford, chief counsel for the
United Railroads, reiterated his state
ments published in yesterday's Call to
the effect that the reports of the suit
neither surprised nor annoyed the com
pany. He said:
Granting for the sake of argument that the
agents of those who purchased the road for the
present owners did, as has been charged, se
cure a majority of the stock of the different
old companies and then vote to sell the roads
to. the Kant'-rn corporation, what would be
gained by proving this to be a fact, in court?
Eyen if the United Railroads relinquished its
control to the local lines, the stock of 'the
latter would still be owned by the stockhold
ers of the company now managing them and
they would continue to direct the destinies of
the different old companies. It would in no
way benefit those who are now threatening to
disrupt the new corporation. The latter owns
95 per cent of the stock of most all the com
panies that were absorbed by the United Rail
roads and 92 per cent of all. feo that I do not
lee where these dissatisfied stockholders expect
to cut much of a figure In any legal contro
versy.
At the offices of the United Railroads
the officials stated that they were not
worrying about any suit, for they had
heard, of the contemplated move some
days ago and were not surprised that II
had finally become a matter of public
knowledge. One of the officials of tha
road, who did not care to have his name
mentioned in connection with the matter,
said the suit had been a subject of gos
sip in New York for a number of weeks
and that the representatives of the cor
poration there had regarded it as v>
scheme to harass the management and
possibly force a compromise. He con
tinued:
The announcement published yesterday
that a suit was threatened against the
United Railroads with a view toward
having the Superior Court set aside the
recent sale of the local street railways to
that corporation on the ground that the
transfer was contrary to the provisions
of the law caused considerable talk in
financial circles and provoked much spec
ulation as to the probable outcome of
the proceedings. Among a certain coterie
of brokers, who, it is reported, had been
lately interested in a deal In the bonds of
the United Railroads, the news of the
suit is said to have caused a great deal of
uneasiness and they busied themselves for
several hours during the day trying to
learn who was actually behind the ac
tion.
I am almost beside myself with anxiety and
harily know what to do, but I am patiently
a waiting the solution of the mystery.
Possibly he may have been shanghaied and
put on t<ome sailing vessel, as I understand
there is a great demand for sailors now on
prsin ships going to Englsnd.
Perhaps, in the out-of-the-way railroad shops
at Albina, ncroe one killed him for the money
and thrn threw his body into the river. If
tlie police had taken any interest in the mat
ter something might have been found out. I
was a stranger in a strange land wid they took
very liitle interest in me. Frank has always
borne a fine reputation for honor and integ
rity, and 1 am certain he has met with foul
play.
He comes o f an excellent family. His father
is J. I*. Manning of the John Davis real estate
firm in Seattle, his partner being Frederick
Struve. formerly a banker in that city.
When his rather heard of his disappearance
he was almost overcome and is now endeavor
ing in every way to solve the mystery.
He left his watch and chain at home with
me and a'so his new gold locket and fob, to
gether with all his clothes, and I iave brought
thorn ail down here.
HAY BE SHANGHAIED.
He said he would come home at noon to take
my mother down to the train for Seattle,
v.hlch left nt 3 o'clock, but as he did not come
Fhe went away by herself. As night came on
1 became very much alarmed, and on Sunday
morning I went to the police and stated the
rase, but they did not seem to take much in
terest in the matter and told me that the>
guessed he had deserted me.
When he left me Saturday morning he had
• bout $1R5 in frold with him and I am now
o* the opinion that he has been held up some
where and robbed of ills money.
Friday night my mother came up to Port
i- r.d on hi r way to Seattle to join my father,
who is at present in Seattle, and we all had a
I<!easant evening together and everything was
as friendly fig possible.
Saturday morning about 8 o'clock Frank went
to business, saying he was going to the work-
M:ops et Albina, which is just across the river
frcm Portland. That was the last we saw of
htm.
We went to the theaters and had a fine
time, and many of Frank's former friends
• ;.m» to eee US. lie knew a great many of- the
members of the Multnomah Amateur Athletic
«"lub and they Invited him to go to a big
bmoker they were giving on Wednesday night.
but lie would net go because he did not want
to leave me alone.
We wcr.t to a private boarding-house at 193
Seventh street. We w»re perfectly happy and
Krank said he had a good position with the
Southern Pacinc Rallrcad there.
FRIENDS IN ATHLETIC CLTJB.
Immediately after the ceremony we returned
to my home and told my mother, who. while
t-be did not object in »ny way to Frank, did
not want us to marry because the thought we
were too young to know our own minds. How
ever, a* long as we were married. she forgave
us. and that same night we started for Port
land, where v/e arrived Sunday morning.
The youthful bride, -who is only 17 years
of age, is at an utter loss to account for
her husband's disappearance.' In relating
the circumstances she said:
Fiank nnd I u^re very much In love with
each other and on Friday. Jnne 26. we de
cided to be married, and, as my mother ob-
Jrcted on account of ay age. we went quietly
up to the residence of the Rev. Dr. William
Kirk Guthrie and, with Miss Alice Hoyt as
witness, we were married.
Mrs. Frank Manning, the bride of a
week, whose husband suddenly left her
and disappeared from view in Portland,
Oregon, last Saturday, returned home
yesterday, and is with her mother. Mrs.
Henry W. Bloom. at 1204 Golden
Oate avenue. , The whereabouts of the
groom Is unknown.
Grcom Disappears and Bride
Seeks Refuge With
Her Mother.^
Wedded Life of Mrs.
Frank Manning Ter
minates Suddenly.
Attorney Ford, for Corpora
tion, Says It Feels No
Uneasiness.
Father of Deming Meets
Some Strenuous
Experience.
United Railroads. Offi
cials, However, Are
Not Worrying.
RETURNS HOME
WITHOUT HUSBAND
JURY HEARS
MORE ABOUT
EPPINGERS
THREATENED SUIT
EXCITES BANKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T FEEL WELL
Have no 1 , appetite— Can't Sle^p—
Bowels Constipated— Liver inact-
ive. ' The stomach has become
weak and needs a medicine to
strengthen it. Don't waste time
experimenting with this, or that
remedy; but get a bottle i of Hos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters at* once.
For 50 years it has been recog-
nized as the leading stomach rem-
edy of the world, and has cured
thousands. Try it. Our Private
Stamp is over ' the neck, of the
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS;
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAPPY HESULTS OBTAINED
By the Use of the New Scalp Anti-
septic
* - It wouldn't take long to number the
iiiiirs In th* heads of some people.' the
reason being they haven't many to ; num-
ber. In most Instances, however. * the
fault is their own. A r^rm at the root
«<»fiti pl»yts havoc with the most luxur-
iant growth' and causes It to fade and
fall out. A remfdy for thin has recently
lx>cn discovered, called Newbro's Herpi-
tride. that acts by destroying, the germ
that does the damage besides removing
nil :Jmpuritlcs from the scalp. In addi-
tion it permits new life and vigor to en-
ter the Bcalp. and happy results are sura
• to I*- obtained from Its use. Try It. Sold
by.; leading druggists. Send 10c In
•tamps for sample to The lierpiclde Co.,
Detroit. Ulch- . jggggk'Z. ¦¦'¦¦ - -.-. -...
and
BARTLEH
Known everywhere as the largest and
most choice mountain resort in the Pa-
cific States; located in the scenic moun-
tain .region of Lake County; elevation,
2376 feet.
All kinds of amusements to occupy your
mind and the wonderful Bartlett Water,
to repair your body; cool nights. The
climate la the best in the world for health
and there are rto mosquitoes or fleas.
Mineral, tub. steam and massage, baths;
large swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams for the
sportsman.
Two routes: Via Southern Pacific or the
California and Northwestern.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS. LAKE CO., CAL.. or apply
to Water Office, 2 Sutter street, San Fran-
cisco.
Pamphlet mailed free.
NAPA INapa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN &. JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
Santa Catalina Island
8% Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATHING.
FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
. <-, . Grove.
HOTEL MZTEOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. .
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only golf links In California with full
18- hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course Is provided exclusively for
the guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILING,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, $3 60 per day and up.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr. ;
La Moine
First-class betel on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
centl> eniart'rd, furnishing mortem neeo?n:xo-
datlons. Including electric llgUts. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento Riv-
er. Finest scenery in the wori£. Two trains
dally to and from San Francisco. Go to *leep
in Oakland and wake up at I<a Molne, and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. Address air
communications to CLIFFORD 'JOGOINS,
Mgr., La Moine, Cal.
gLUE
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty ~>t
boating, bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation size. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlake
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
vETNA SPRINGS
Contains 800 acres of beautiful grounds. Hotel
and cotta«re life with metropolitan service.
Unsurpassed table. June is the best month In
the year to go to this popular resort. Buy a
ticket to Aetna Springs and return. Round-
trip f 7 from San Francisco.
AETNA SFBXNOS COMPANY",
¦ ¦ Aetna Spring's, Wapa Co., CaL
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. . Trained masseur. Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for pamphlets. iiV .
R. ROBERTSON.
VILLA PONTEITAX — Plrat-cla«« resort;
Santa Cruz Mts.; hotel, cottages; croquet,
tennis, billiards, bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights; table flrst class; $10 to $14;
phone; campers' return tickets, $2 50; clrcu-
lare. J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood, Cal.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New, modern 80-room hotel: Ross Valley;
first-class every, par. ; fishing. . boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10, 11 2
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marln Co.
La Honda and Pescadero
Buy your railroad ticket to Redwood City.
9 a. in. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and 8:20 a m. train from San Jose: connect
with stage direct. Address WALTER
-KNIGHT. Redwood City. .
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
SANTA CBTJS FOUNTAINS. '
Now open. For booklet, apply to Feck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St.. or S. P. Co.. 613 Market st.
B. DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. CaL
• 'summit hotel
And ' cottages. Santa Cruz Mts.." % mile from
Wrights; new management; fruit, milk, cream:
$8, 110, (12 week.' Information 11 Montgomery
St., S. F., or Summit Hotel. Wrights, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS/
BESWICK. SISKIYOU CO.. CAL.
1 , Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. 6«nd for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
, OCEAN VILLA.
•.; '•/¦• 8ANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. Boating and bathing free.
Dancing, billiards. Free bus. R. M. CLARK.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 6AI J A J L ° SB '.
Hydrotherapy,' electricity, " X-ray, massage/ etc.
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature,
THEY WORK TOGETHER
FOR YOUR GOOD.
Hot Sulphur Baths. Hot Mod
Baths, .Plunge Baths. Sun -
Baths; Expert Masseurs. \
Scenery. Sunshine, Summer.
PASO ROBLES
HOT SPRINGS.
ENTIRELY REFITTED.
You can reacl* them easily by
Coast Line Limited.
Write IT. A. JUflKEB, Lessee and
Manager. Paso Robles. Cal.
THOS. COOK Jt SOZT, Agents, €21 Mar-
ket Street. San Francisco. .
YOUR CITY ADDRESS
IS IN THE DIRECTORY
BUT THE ADDRKS3 OB" YOCB
SUMMER RETREAT IS XX
"Vacation 1903"
ISSUED BT THE
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
And which contains over a handret
pages, giving full particulars In regard
to mineral spring resorts, select camp-
Ing spots, and country homes and
farms where summer boarders art
taken, together with the terms, which
range from $7.00 per week no.
To be had la response to a- mall requeat. «#
at Ticket Offices. 650 Market street (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
street; General Office. Mutual Life Bulldta*.
corner Sansome and California streets. Saa
Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, R. X RTAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pasa. Act.
SAN LUIS HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
THE IDEAL SPOT OP THE PACtyiC
COAST. Surrounded by wood-corered hills,
live oak and sycamore groves. Fishing. boat-
Ing, ocean beach one mile. Hot sulphur bath*
free to guests. Miraculous cures of rheuma-
tism, liver, kidney and womb trouble*. Tis
greatest resort on the coast for health and
recreation. Rates $0 to SU per week. Round
trip by rail or steamer at reduced rates. Ad-
dress San Lnls Oblspo. CaL
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3SS3 feet: open all
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers;
plentiful table; fine fishing and drives. Par*
tlcu!ars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery. SL T.
OWN A HOME CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lou $10 vp. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. J5O up. Boating, bath-
ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, stor*. P.
O. 6ausallto ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
BTjaSMTC HOUSE,
Bollnaa Ridge. Marln County. 1S00 feet abor*
tea level, refurnished and under n«w manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and dubs
catered for: 8 miles from Ross Valley; SI SO re-
turn by stage from San RaXa«L Terms. Ow
CRANFIELD.
WHITE SUXPHira 87BXSGS— Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip 91. no stage fare. Only 2ft hoars* rld»)
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plan**
sulphur baths; wonderful cure* of rheumatism*
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach)
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ing and bathing. Dancing pavuton. bowline
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 • w«ek aaa
up. Address MANUEL MADRID. VaUajo. Cal.
~ WZTTSS MEDIOAIt SPBXVOS, Lak«
Co.. Cal.— Good climate, unsurpassed tab!« and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open tor
guests the entire year: positively eure* Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to XTklab.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. main of-
fice and water depot. »16 Market St.. 8. F.. o*
K. McCormlck. Witter Springs. Lake Co.. CaX.
TBTTCXEE BXVXS COTJJTTTVT CXTTB
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Third
g«ason opens June I. Fishing Unexcelled; rain,
bow trout: hatchery enlarged. .Tlerr* attrac-
tions. New management. MR. and MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. « Nevada block,
; S. F.. or VerdU Nev. ¦
TES G£TS£23 — A first-class family
> resort. Leon COblentz. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Delmonico. has entrr* supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Swimming
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing; $10. JU
and $14 per week. $2 60 per day. Information
I Cal N. W. Ry.. 660 Market St.; also FABIUi
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
•'iATJSEIi OCLL" — The only lake re-
sort tn the State that has Its -own mineral
springs and a chemically pure spring. Boatlnc.
swimming, marine toboggan, new livery tally-
ho coach croquet, bowling, new walks anij
drives. Pamphlets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery
st. E. DURNAN. proprietor. Laurel Dell. LeJta
County. ¦
PESCADXKO.
Swanton House, under new management.
ccpu'.ar hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beauttful grounds, tamous pebbU
beach flshtng. hunting, sea toathtn*. Phone.
Rates. $» and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor. ¦ ¦ ' " * ' '
BEATJTIFTTL CAMP 1CESXXS — A
grand family resort In the redwood mountains
of Sonoma Co.; climate and wajer perfect;
over 100 cottage* already built: lots for ea|«;
boating, bathing and other amnaements: excel-
lent table: rates $<i per week; taks Sauaaltto
ferry. Agclre>» H. M. GREQSON. Sole Prop.
EOTTL I**. HONDA — Situated In the.
Redwoods. Good trout fluhlnir. Telephone.
Booklet. MRS. I. 3. SCARS. La Ucnda. Saa
Mateo County. Cat '
PINE GBOVE HOTSZi — Sierra 'Re-
sort; alt. 32CO ft.: lst-cla?s accom.; malaria A
asthma cured: phone: temperance house; $19
w'k. E-H-Moody. pro.. Gold Run.Placer Co..CaL
AMOIIO THE FINES — Alt. 2034 It.
Wood's ranch; SO-* 1 * week: positive no coa-
cumpttves: write for pamphlet. Root. F.
Warhatn. Applegate. Placer County. Cax.
BEEGESHXXM — In th* Santa Crux red-
woods: $7 and $Jt weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs. E W tlken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Crua.
WLLOW RANCH— A charming spot In tha
Santa Cms redwoods; milk fruit, spring
water, dally mall: excellent table. $4 90 p«:
'wit. MRS. TO CRANDELL. Santa Crua. Cal.
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
liver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced In advising their us« (free). BATH3 of
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
' Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of interest, many of which
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS. CROQUET. PING-PONG^
SHUFFLE - BOARD, FREB SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCING itx
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-finished rooms; first-class table; electric
lights.
Rates. $10 to $16 a week.
For booklet and other Information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery St..
"Travelers' Bureau." 6.TO Market st.. or address
CRAIG & KERR.
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
) YOSEMITE^S]
' | ROARING I *
[WATERFALLS]
In July will equal those of an ordinary June.
Good authorities say there are spots where He
60 feet of snow still unmelted. Every tent was
crowded In June. There will be more room In
July and. besides, the water Is down enough
for trout to bite. You can eat trout often;
CAMP CURRY
IS THE PLACE
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or &41 Market strwt (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE).
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAL.
SWIMMING.
BOWLINO.
AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. Lake County, get
the crowd T Because It cures. It U the best
water, has the best climate and give* the best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau.
630 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage- $10 to $14 per week. Best trout nshing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. S. P. of-
fice, $3. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St., or address JOSHUA
EPIERS. Prop.; mall via Mlddletown. .
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of^^ guests.
Our patrons of last season say i "Tahoe
Tavern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel In the world,"
and that Lake Tahce has no-equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rate*
from $3.60 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City. Cal. ¦
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY IS HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO,
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL DEL CAZADEBO
¦-'¦•. : •--"¦¦"¦ • AND-
ELIM GEOVE HOTEL.
Under a new and progressive management.
Everything ' renovated Inside and out. Good
hunting fishing, bathing, boating, dancing.
New stables and first-class meals. No stag-
ing. Depot on the ground.
Take Sausallto Ferry. Round-trip tickets.
good for six months. $3 75. Rates. $2 per day.
$10 $12 and $14 per week. J. J. THIRION,
Proprietor. Casadero, Sonoma County.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel: modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air; hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERO JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
RUBICON 3P.AJR.KL
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathlog;
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce. tel. A. L. FRO3T.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah. Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs, Accommodations; table flrst
class. J. A. REDEMEYER ft CO.. Props.
MONTRIO HOTEL.
One mile Irom famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, bunting, fishing, boating: fresn
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. llana«er. Montrlo.- CaL
NORTH f On Tomales Bay, near depot. A
1 • ) nice hotel. Good table. Place
SHORE ( for Tomales Bay Clama. Fresh
».-.——. ) milk. $1 60 per day. $9 per week.
HOltL \ &irs. Shields. Marshall. Marln Co.
HOWELL NIT.- WOODWORTH'S.
High altitude. No fog. Purest spring water.
Climate natural tonic and tnv.gorator. Resi-
dence 28 years. $7 per week» Address WOOD-
WORTH & MULLER. St. Helena. Cal.
FBXXXA2T IIOTZHV
Auburn, Placer Co., Cal. 'Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the foothills.. Eleva-
tion 1100 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address ". ¦-
FREEMAN tt WALSH. Proprietors.
LOTUS fABBI SUMMEB EEEOST — 8 fci
miles from Napa. in the redwoods. liaiurai
lake, boat riding, fishing, tine drives, hunting.
Terms, $8 and up per week;- children under 12.
$5 per week. Carriage to or from. Napa. 73c
J. TEPLT. Prop.. Naca. Cal.: P. O. box UW.
ELITE HOT2&I Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and bow open tor summer guests. Rate* rea-
sonable.
ADVERTISEMENTS. <
M I CARTERS
SICK BODA0HE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price
THE CHIEF'
aim of our laundry work and system
is to please critical persons — the
knowing ones, who want their linen
immaculate in cleanliness and perfect
in finish.
A post card or t-lephone South
420 makes it easy for you to ascer-
tain how well we accomplish our aim.
No saw edges, i
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MARKET STREET,
Near Powell.
.CUTTEERjf'
EVr^BLADEVftRRANTED
%«HHroffrtftii5?y
-' .. : .. .. ' . ""*.*'
air h r%r\f\ H0T springs, sonoma
SK UllllX COUNTY: only 4% hours
Un/IvVU from San Francisco and
but 0 miles staging; -wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State: boating and
swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; teleohor.e, telegraph, daily mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; ¦ FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:.'!0 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates. $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
190t! unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Hureau. 11 Montgomery st.; also at
Traveler office. atO Market st., or of J. F.
MULCREW, Skaggs. Cal.
AGLA CALIE1MTE SPRINGS.
Open all year round. The nearest natural
Hot Sulphur Springs to 'San Francisco.
Temperature 115 degrees.' No staging. Fare
91 10. Sure cure for rheumatism, asthma and
all kindred ailments. We have five different
hot sulphur springs and, tub and plunge baths
and the largest mineral water swimming t%nk
In the State. Competent lady and gentleman
masseurs In attendance; also swimming In-
structor. Table and rooms first class. Inquire
Peck's, 11 Montgomery St., or address -Theo.
Richards. Agua Callcnte, Sonoma County. Cal.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
ville, with a mile and a half frontage on the
Russian. River. Tents In a beautiful grove of
redwood, oak, madrone, laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating, bathing
and nshing. Terms ; $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco, $2 50.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS, Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
ville, Sonoma County. Cal.
Hotel Rowardennan.
BEN LOMOND. SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
ALWAYS OPEN.
Regular season opens June.l, under entirely
new and progressive management. For Infor-
mation and free booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery, street; the Railway Handbook.
630 Market street. San Francisco, or to
H. F. ANDERSON, Proprietor, j
A. C. ROSCOE, Manager. - :
"OHM SHORE TOCALOMA M SJ IM
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families A parties; fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele,
phone, JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin of flea
every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m., or No. bhore R. R..
620 Market st.
Motnsrr-iiisr vzsw suurcx xotttc
And cottages In heart of mountains, near
Santa Cruc. Our table is our recommendation;
let-class accom.; new Impvts.; gas through-
out; terms, $8 up; phone, swimming tank,
amusements, croquet, bowling alley, dally
mall; campers' tickets to Glenwood. Inc. stage,
$3 75 round trio.
, FRANK R. DANN. Santa Cru».
CRAG VIEW.
Beautiful ' resort In Shasta Region. ¦ Excel-
lent board. $12; tenting. $* J"™*^
Caatella. Shasta Co.. Cal. ¦_
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot. baths, wonderful stomach waters.,
swimming pond, games, livery; $9 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca: stag* for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city: round trip, in-
cluding stage. $14 50. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week. - ¦_ • : • .
DUNCAN SPRINGS. 7
Two miles from Hopland, Mendocino County.
Unsurpassed mineral waters; fine hotel and
first-class table. Rates $10 to $12. Furnished
housekeeping cottage*. J. B/ HOWELL. Pro-
prietor.
BONNIE NOOK
Alt. 4000 ft. : half ml. sta. ; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. V. WIARD.
Towle. Placer . County. ¦ Cal.
HEED DlDF IMV *nd cottages; 6 ml. from
UCCtt T AKR IfHl> Lake Tahoe; open June
1 ; elev. 6507 . 1 1. : mineral »p*s. Traveler, «30
Mkt St.; booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Park. Cat
Plfil P CT API PC Uklah. - TourUts, camp-
CAULL jIADLEJ ers, hunters. Writ, to H.
A. Eldred tor rates tor any kind of turnout.;'SAN FBANCTSCAN PAYS
TRIBUTE TO ROAD AGENT
COLUSA. July 8.— Details received
concerning the hold-up of the Bartlett
Springs stage on the summit of Brim
Mountain on Monday show that there
were eight passengers who were made to
line up on the road by the cool highway
man and give over their valuables. Of
these Mrs. M. J. Hellman of Upper Lake
alone escaped paying toll to the road
agent through his gallantry In allowing
her to retain the money which was neces
sary to carry her to her destination.
Those who were less fortunate were L.
Charmock of Sacramento, C. N. Splero
of the Illinois Glass Works, San Francis
co; P. Pendergast and Mrs. Pendergast
of Sacramento, Cyrus Case and Mrs.
Case of Ceres. Mrs. Hellman and her
child completed the number of passengers
who were riding on the stage at the time
It was stopped.
Euf e Turner Defeats English.
SEATTLE, 'July 8.— Rtife Turner .won
from Clarence English of : Nebraska City
to-night in the thirteenth round.
Building Work Stops at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 8.-At 5 p. m.
building construction work in ! Vancouver
was closed down and will not be resumed
until a settlement between | the sawmill
managers and the city Carpenters' Union
is arrived at. About half a million dol
lars' worth of work In hand, was closed.
San Franciscan Saves Girl^s Life.
SANTA ROSA, July 8.— Miss Julia
Broad, the 16-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Alpheus Broad of Berkeley, had
a narrow escape from drowning in- the
Russian River below Guernevllle yester
day while bathing. She .ventured out be
yond her depth and would have drowned
but for the prompt assistance: rendered
her by Patrick Cahill of the firm of Cahill
& Hall of San Francisco. "
New Find Is Made on Alaskan Shore
GOLD IS DISCOVERED
IN PAYING QUANTITIES
Between Cape Yuktag and.
Icy . Cape.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 8.— Gold In
what is declared to be In almost as heavy
paying quantities as in the famous beach
sands of Nome is said to have *been dis
covered on the Alaskan shore, where the
American White River empties '¦into the
sea between Cape Yuktag and Icy Cape.
Mike Marvlch, a prospector, asserts that
in June he took out with a crude rocker
$1200 worth of placer gold in eleven days.
The new find is but 100 miles south of
the Copper River and. the region Is. said
to also contain many evidences of oil.
MONTREAL. July S.-A. F. Gult. presi
dent of the Dominion Cotton . Company and
the so-called cotton kins of Canada- Is dead
FRESNO. July 8.— George C. Roed
ing of this city, who has been ap
pointed by the California St.
Louis Exposition Commission to
take charge of the State hortl-,
cultural exhibit at the big fair, has' been
engaged In fruit growing In" this county
for many y^ars, and his reputation as a
horticulturist extends far beyond the lim
its of California. Roeding first discovered
the possibilities of the propagation of the
Smyrna. fig in California," and made sev
eral trip's^ to' Smyrna to study* the sub
ject. He' now. has the 'only bearing
Smyrna fig orchard In California. He re
cently issued a lltt:e J book'on'the'grow
ing of the Smyrna fig.
Roeding has also been named as com
missioner at large to superintend the
Fresno County exhibit at the big exposi
tion. Application has been made to the
County Supervisors for a special tax levy
to raise funds for exhibition purposes,
and in case the levy is made Fresno
County will have an exhibit at St. Louis
such as has never been sent out of this
county. ¦
Framing Materials.
The new styles and colors in picture
frames, mat boards and binding papers
please all who visit our store. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. anoor , n '
Special Diepatch to The Call,
SAN RAFAEL, July 8.— Charles
Bogan. one of San Rafael's
wealthiest citizens, died at his
home on Petaluma avenue to-day
after a short illness.
Charles Bogan was born In Castle de
Su, County Tyrone. Ireland, seventy
four years ago. He came to the United
States when 14 years of age and in 1S50
came to California, settling In Marlposa
County, where he amassed a fortune in
mining. Eleven years ago he came to
San Rafael. Forty-five years 2go he
married Miss Margaret Kesslns of Mari
posa.
Bogan leaves a wife and three nieces,
Mrs. A. E. Turner, Mrs. Sarah Bogan
and Mrs. Roderick Chisholm.
The estate is valued at $500,000, consist
ing of mining property in Mariposa Coun
ty, real estate in San Francisco and
ranches in Tuolumne County. The funeral
will take place Thursday from the Church
of the Sacred Heart. Interment will be
in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
this city, however, and interrog-ated close
ly by Attorney Boyd she made a lengthy
statement and signed it.
She will be the chief witness for the
prosecution. Her statement is substan
tially as follows:
STATEMENT . OF MAID.
"I worked for Mrs. Woods six months. I
was not a nurse, but sometimes acted in that
capacity. My duties were more especially
those of maid. There was a Jap who did the
cooking and part of the cleaning up."
"Did you ever see Colonel W. J. Best at the
Woods home at 71K» Fifth avenue?" was asked.
"Yes. nir. He was there two or three times."
"Was he there on or about April 1, l'JOJ?"
"Yes; he came there prior to that date and
never left the house again alive. He was taken
sick then about April 1. but in two days
seemed a little better and wanted to get out
of bed, but Miss Woods would not let him
do bo. Soon after he made the assertion that
he was better and wished to get up. He sud
denly became worse and soon after that died."
"When did you first notice him sick?"
"At the supper table on, I think, April 2.
He seemed quite dizzy and complained of his
stomach. He looked very pale. 1 was waiting
at the table at the time and heard his con
versation and complaint. They sent him to
bed. I saw him In bed that night. He was
moaning and groaning and said he was very
sick at bis stomach."
"When did you asaln see him?"
"I saw him Thursday , night. He seemed to
feel better and coaxed to be allowed to get '
up. Mrs. Woods would not let him, though." ¦
"When I saw him again I went to his ruom. I
Dr. Woods was there. I saw him stick a
needle or syringe into Colonel Best's arm and
pump something into It. The colonel became
unconscious very soon. He closed his eyes
in a heavy sleep and groaned. He never re
gained consciousness after that to my knowl
edge. I ulept In the next room to Colonel Best
and could hear him groan all night."
"Wh«?re were you when the needle was
stuck In Colonel Best's arm?"
"I was first on the left side of the bed, but
as socn as Dr. Woods came in I went on the
'right side of the room. He did not see me
looking and did it awful quick."
"On Arril 1 did Colonel Best seem to you
to be well?"
"Yes, sir. He seemed very healthy."
"Who occupied the house at the time Colo
nel Best was there?" . ,
"Woods, Miss Woods, Colonel Best, the Jap ;
and myself."
"During the illness of Colonel Best was
George C. Roeding, Who Will
Manage' State Display,
Is Well Known.
his Illness. I leave this p. m. Tours In sorrow,
"MRS. A. C. WOODS.
"N. B. — I thank you for P. O. order."
You may Imagine how surprised we were to
receive another from Woods himself about thre..
weeks later, the envelope showing' that It was
poetcd at Atlantic City, N. J. This showed he
was not dead, and this la the explanation he
gave.
"There peems to be a misapprehension . It
was a brother who died and not me. I am not
surprised, however, to learn of this mistake,
as I have been very seriously ill and am not
well yet."
He added he would try to pee us as soon as
possible and asked that all letters should be
forwarded to"Atlantic City, whence they would
be «ent to him should he decide to go into the
interior of the State.
Woods had reported In California that the
woman he called sister had inherited a fortune
from her fatner, who was dead. We found the
father in PhlllipsburK. Pa., living in a house
beside a railroad and In very poor circum
stances. He told us that Woods and his wife
had been there that very morning, but had
gone away.
One thing that made us suspicious about
father's death was the alleged expense incident
to his Illness and the funeral bill from the
undertaker for $450. of which $150 was for em
balming, was pretty high.
There were other Incidental expenses, one bill
from a nurse- for $20 for attending my father.'
They sent us the receipt for this signed "Annie
E. Shope," and we have been informed there was
no such person. Here is the receipt, and I call
your attention to the similarity of the writing
to that in the letters from Woods. No two per
sons ever wrote a capital "H" in that fashion,
and the other letter* are surprisingly similar.
When my brother William got to San Rafael
he found that they had already ! packed my
father's trunks, yet when they arrived here we
found many of his belongings missing. We
found them in Woods" trunks after we got a
search warrant in Atlantic City. We received
a dtEpatch from District' Attorney Boyd of Ma
rln County, California, this morning asking for
the exact value of the articles and saying that
unless they were worth more than $.'>0 Woods
could not be accused of a felony. Their value
was much more than that, and there is no
doubt in our minds that the note for $1000
which was made out to Woods and to which
what purports to be my father's signature Is
attached is a forgery. *
Nothing has been learned of the where
abouts of Woods.
there any trained nurse there?"
"Xot to my knowledge, and if there had
been I would have known it."
"When the colonel was sick what did the
Woods tell youn was the mater with him?"
"Mrs. Woods only told me he wag very ill.
Later, though, she told me he had apoplexy."
"When Colonel Best was unconscious, did
any one else see him?"
'"Yes, sir. Miss Hlckmott was there once
and saw him."
'"Did you ever see Dr. W. F. Jcnes there
during the illness?"'
"Yes. sir, but only once."
"When did Colonel Best die?"
"He died at 3 a. m., April 6. I did not
know it until about 6 o'clock In the morning.
Mrs. Woods came to my room, wr.ke me up
and told me the colonel was dead — that he
died at 3 a. m."
Jones also' made a statement today.
The District Attorney will not reveal the
contents of it, but asserts that In It are
some moat startling disclosures. It has
been learned, however, that Dr. Jones
states in his report that the case was a
peculiar one," while the treatment a'd
ministered was unusual. That he closely
interrogated Dr. Woods about the pa
tient's condition and that Woods admit
ted hi had given him morphine. Dr.
Jones signed the article on death, stating
the cause of demise to bt apoplexy.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Charles Bogan Dies at San
/Rafael After Brief
Illness.
NOTED HORTICULTURIST WHO
WILL MANAGE STATE EX
HIBIT AT ST. LOUIS. . i
him I had the body open and asked him
If he wished to perform an autopsy. He
repUefl: 'No, it was not necessary.' "
Edward Eden, a local undertaker and
former Coroner of Marin County, says:
\Ttrd borrowed our knlres at the time of
the Be»t <Iea.th aad told mjr son Stephen ba
watted them to cut opea the~body.
District Attorney Boyd eald to-night
that he was surprised to learn that any
organs had been removed from Colonel
Best's body.
SUSPECTED EMBALMEB.
I expected something wron* yetterday,
however, when I questioned \V»rd about the
rr.atter. He wae very uncommunicative and
would not tell me whether he had removed the
ftomach or not- To-morrow morning I pro
ttose to find out the facts In th« cue, and It
n<v<-?sar>- will have the rear yard of the un
dertaking- establishment due op.
An old bamboo walking cane is all that
Is left of the many valuable articles
known to have been in the possession of
Colonel W. J. Best just prior to his death
in San Rafael April 6, while $10 40 all
the money accounted for out of about
StfjO known to have been in his pockets
a few days prior to his demise. As a re
f ult of this etate of affairs and the pecu
liar circumstances under which the
wealthy New Yomer died District Attor
ney Thomas P. Boyd to-day had warrants
pworn cut for the arrest of John Donald
Woods and Alice Cloy Woods, charging
them with grand larceny. The complaints
were fwora out by Frank H. de Pug. a
dttoctive. before Justice W. F. Magee.
District Attorney Boyd has wired East
to the Chief of Police of Atlantic City,
N. J., to arrest the accused and hold them
until an officer armed with extradition
papers arrives there. The whole matter
had previously been presented to Gover
nor Pardee and the chief executive has
notified Attorney Boyd that he will sign
the documents. Soon after the arrival in
the East of Instructions to arrest, H p.
Eldridg?, Chief of Police of Atlantic City,
wired that the parties had left for Pitts
burg via Philadelphia. Telegraphic In
structions have been sent along the line
to detain the Woods. As soon as they are
found Detective de Pue will go East with
the warrants and extradition papers.
GRAND LARCENY WARRANTS.
The warrants upon which the Woods
will be brought here allege that John
Donald Woods and Alice Cloy Woods
commuted grand larceny, to wit: Misap
propriated to their own use one type
writer, valued at 550; one satchel, valued
at $33, and one dressing wrapper, valued
at tl2.
The taking of about J600 In coin Is not
mentioned in the warrants, but Detec
tive de Pue says that he has sufficient
proof to show that the money was also
taken by the Woods.
In an old woodshed in the rear of the
Woods' house were found some vials
which analysis showed to contain various
deadly poisons. A hypodermic syringe
was also discovered near by.
From Miss Minnie Maghetti, an orphan,
domiciled at the Presbyterian Orphanage
near San Anselmo. a statement has been
obtained, which, in the light of late de
velopments, may prove of considerable
Importance.
Mis« Maghetti was employed by the
Woods for elx months and was at their
home during Colonel Best's illness. On
one occasion, she claims, she saw Woods
insert a hypodermic syringe into Colonel
Best's left arm and injecte a fluid. After
the injection, the girl asserts, the patient
became ui ccr.scious. groaned and moaied
all night and never regained his senses.
Miss Maghctti is a particularly . bright
child and elves a most straightforward
account of the affair at the Woods"
.home during her six months' stay there.
When first located by Detective de Pue
she was very reticent. When brought to
Continued Prom Pag« 1, Column 7.
AUTOPSY REVELATIOHS.
PORT OP SPAIN. Island of Trinidad.
July 8.— The French gunboat Jouffrey
passed here last night on her way to Ciu
dad Bolivar, Venezuela, which is in the
hands of the revolutionists, to protect
French Interests and collect documents
relating to claims arising from the" revo
lution, the postofflce authorities at Ciu
dad Bolivar having detained them for
three months past, in order to prevent
them being presented to the mixed tri
bunal. The Jouffrey will also take neces
sary affidavits on board that vessel.
It is reported from Ciudad Bolivar that
the Venezuelan Government officers yes
terday captured three American steam
ships near Apure and tnat the revolu
tionists at Ciudad Bolivar have captured
two American vessels.
An attack on Ciudad Bolivar Is expected
to take place to-morrow, but before at
tacking the city General Gomez will of
fer General Rolando, commander of the
revolutionists, In the name of President
Castro, the presidency of one of the
States of Venezuela If Rolando will sup
port the Venezuelan Government.
Gomez Will Attack Ciudad Bolivar
To-Day, but Will First Offer Rev
olutionist Commander a
State Presidency.
Same Rumor Says Revolution
ists Take Charge of
Two Others.
LONDON, July S.— All the regular
clauses cf the Irish land bill being
adopted, the House of Commons to-day
took up the newly proposed clauses, on
which the Government showed the small
est majority of the whole debate. Irish
Secretary Wyndham proposed appropriat
ing $25,000 anr.ually out of the develop
ment grant to Indemnify Trinity College.
Dublin, fcr any loss of income arising
from the eale of lands owned by the col
lege. The new clause was vigorously op
posed by the Nationalists, but after a
long debate it was adopted by the Gov
ernment majority of Blxty-three.
A number of private members' clauses
were then submitted and dlcussed at
length.
Mr. Wyn<!ham pleaded that the House
complete the committee stage of the bill
th'j evening 1 and all these clauses were
then withdrawn.
Mr. Wynham then moved an amend
ment to echedule No. 1. providing
for the payment of the landlords of a
uniform bonus of 12 per cent. This was
agreed to, although the Nationalists
'plainly intimated their Intention of re
opening the question on the report stage.
Th« bill, as amended, then passed through
the committee stage and waa reported to
th« House amid cheers.
New Clauses Go Through by
Small Government
Majority.
VenezuelaD Officers Cap
ture Three American
Steamships.
Amended Measure Is
Reported Amid
Cheers.
IRISH LAND BILL
BEFORE HOUSE
YANKEE SHIPS
REPORTED IN
ALIEN HANDS
Fire Destroys Two Grain Fields.
¦ COLUSA. July 8.— A flre which started
in the grain field of James Balsdon on
Grand Island , yesterday burned about 500
acres of standing, grain. This morning a
fire started in Charles Mumma's field "on
Grand Island and burned about one hun
dred acres of grain, a separator and'dam
aged, the engine.: Both fires started from
WOODLAND, July 8.— From Rumsey
comes a story of the attempted robbery
of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s' express of
fice there last Saturday. The robber
was thwarted by the bravery of the
agent's daughter. Since the destruction
of his home and office by fire A. A. Wat
kins, Wells-Fargo's agent at Rumsey, has
lived in a tent, where he also conducted
the business of the company. During the
temporary absence of the other members
of the family last Saturday evening his
daughter, Ethel May, was seized while
asleep in a chair by a rough man who
bound and gagged her. Before Inserting
a gag he demanded the keys to the ex
press box. but the girl professed ignor
ance . of, their whereabouts. This enraged
the robber, who struck and kicked her,
then mounted a horse which he left tied
in a shed near by. and rode away. Mlsa
Watkins managed to free herself from
the bonds ¦ and . removed ¦ the gag.. Her
cries attracted the attention of a man
passing by. He in turn summoned the
family. Miss Watkins is unable to give
an accurate description of her assail
ant's features. •
Pretends Ignorance on
Being Asked for
Keys of Safe.
HABDWABE AND METAL
. JOBBERS IN CONVENTION
Annual Meeting of Pacific Coast As
• sociation Is Being Held at '"¦¦
' Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. July 8.— The eighth
annual convention of the Pacific Coast
Hardware and Metal Association con
vened at the Potter Hotel in this city to
day. The sessions will continue to-mor
row and Friday. The morning meeting
was devoted to the annual reports' of the
officers and to committee matters of im
portance to the association. Among tfie
more important themes to be discussed
during the convention will be the asso
ciation's relations with manufacturers
and the retail trade, traffic matters and
other subjects of particular interest to
hardware and metal jobbers. The officers
of the organization are:
H. J. Morton, San Francisco, president;
T. B. Honeyman, Portland, Or., first vice
president; L. C. Scfyeller, Loa Angeles,
second vice president; A. S. Burwell,
Seattle. Wash., third vice president;
Francis J. Baker, San Francisco, treas
urer; Hamilton H. Barnard, San Fran
cisco, secretary.
The executive committee of the gen
eral committee of management, thirty
seventh national encampment. Grand
Army of the Republic, met last, night
and considered various topics relating
to the reunion of veterans. General R.
H. Warfleld was elected grand marshal
of the parade of army, navy and civic
organisations on Tuesday, August. 18.
General Edward S. Salomon was elect
ed grand marshal of the parade of the
Grand Army of the Republic on Wednes
day, August 19.
For the maintenance of press head
quarters and' the entertainment of news
paper writers during the encampment,
an allowance of $1200 was made to the
press committee, Hugh M. Burke chair
man.
At the request of Mayor Worswlck
and the Chamber of Commerce of San
Jose, Saturday, August 22. was desig
nated as Santa Clara day at the national
encampment. Extensive arrangements
have been made for entertainment of a
vast throng of visitors at San Jose on
that day. The executive committee, at
the request of Mayor Olney, designated
Friday, August ;21. as Oakland day. It
Is possible that Thursday, August 20.
will be designated as Sacramento and
Stockton day.
A committee consisting of Henry C-
Dibble, Jesse B. Fuller and Sol Cahen
was appointed to organize a medical
corps. t
Chairman George Stone was author
ized to confer with William Greer Har
rison, president of the Olympic Club, in
the adjustment pf-the details for the
club' exhibition at Mechanics* Pavilion
Thursday evening. July 30. John C.
Currier, chairman of the hall committee,
announced that the Pavilion had been
engaged. In due. time the programme of
events and places for securing reserved
seats will be made known. It is the
purpose of the Grand Army committee
to interest a large number of ladies in
the success of the • Olympic Club expo
sition, as the proceeds from the sale of
places in the Pavilion will go to the en
campment fund.
YOUNG WOMAN
BRAVES ROBBER
Salomon and Warfield
Chosen as Grand
Marshals.
PARADE LEADERS
ARE APPOINTED
. LONDON, July 8.— Although President
Loubet did not retire until long after mid
night he arose at the customary hour,
6:30 a. m., and started on another long
day's functions at about 9 o'clock, when,
accompanied by Foreign Minister Del
casse, Embassador Cambon and his suite,
the President proceeded to visit Windsor
Castle. He traveled In the King's train
and was met at the railroad station by.
the Mayor and corporation of Windsor,
who welcomed him to the royal borough.
The President drove to the castle, escort
ed by Horse Guards, and inspected both
the state and private apartments and
visited the mausoleum at Frogmore,
where M. Loubet deposited a wreath on
Queen "Victoria's tomb. The Presidential
party subsequently returned to London.
King Edward, Queen Alexandra, Presi
dent Loubet, the Prince and Princess of
Wales, the Duke arid DucheBS of Con
naught, Foreign Minister Delcasse, Em
bassador Cambon and others proceeded
to Aldershot this afternoon for the pur
pose of reviewing the First Army Corps.
On their arrival at Farnsborough the par
ty drove to the review plain, where King
Edward, in a field marshal's uniform and
wearing the ribbon of the Legion of
Honor, mounted on a charger and preced
ed by a carriage in which President Lou
bet and Queen Alexandra were seated,
rode to the pavilion. From this point
they- witnessed the review of 16,000 troops
of all arms, which in the bright sunshine
formed an effective picture. After the
King had inspected the troops, the in
fantry marched past in column, "the cav
alry and artillery galloped by and the re
view closed with a general salute. Fol
lowing this the massed bands played
"G;C Save the King" and the "Slar
sellla'-e." On returning to the railroad
statin the p^rty traversed a long ave
nue formed of 116 field and siege guns.
The review attracted great crowds of
srectators, who gave the members of the
party a splendid reception.
The ro/al special train was late In re
tuinlng from Aldershot and M. Loubet
had scarcely time to rest before he was
driven to Lord Lansdowne's house, where
he was the guest of the Financial Secre
tary and met a company larger and
scarcely less distinguished than that
which assembled at the French embassy
dinner the previous evening. The house
was magnificently decorated with palms
and lilies, and was brilliantly illuminated.
The guests Included Embassador Choate
and Mrs. Choate, the other Embassadors
and Ministers in London, Premier Bal
four. Colonial Secretary Chamberlain,
Field Marshal Roberts and the Duchess
ot Marlborough.
Chief Magistrate of France
Then Reviews 16,000
British Troops.
President Loubet Places
Wreath on Grave
at Progmore.
VISITS QUEEN
VICTORIA'S TOMB
THE SAN FH ANCISCO CALL, THT7RS DA Y; JULY 9, . 1903.
FORMER MINING
MAN ANSWERS
LAST SUMMONS
FRESNO COUNTY
TO EXHIBIT AT
THE EXPOSITION
FORMER MIXING MAN WHO
DIED YESTERDAY AT SAN
RAFAEL.
COLONEL BEST MURDERED,
5
~
- ' San Francisco, Thursday, 9 'July, 1003. " <
' ;: iiiill II
fresh lot
¦of Nottinghain
curtains on sale
A delayed shipment which should have arrived
here weeks ago instead of just as we arc about to begiu
stock-taking. '&} ;"
. Sale begins this morning and lasts until Saturday
night.; No more than four pairs, to any one customer "
and no. telephone or mail orders filled.
About nine different desirable patterns to choose
from: Measure 50 inches wide by 3^ yards long and
would:be marked not less. than $2.25 the pair for regu-
lar stock. The special price, $1.75 the pair, is positively
for Thursday/ Friday and Saturday only. You can see '"
them in the window. i . ¦ •
• Our ''Paci6c Cable Edge" woven wire, now selling
at the special price "f 2 65, is made just the same as it
-will be when we ask 54.00. Special until August ist,
\ only, remember. ¦ \
/ (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS..
PE-RU-NA siifeo WOMEN
'Says Dr. M. C. Gee of San Francisco.
A CONSTANTLY Increasing number
of physicians prescribe Peruna In
that even the doctors have overcome their jr/jf&'^^" t '"¦JigS^I^V
prejudice apalnst so-called patent medl- f /r'mJr
clnes and recommend It to their patients. # /jt^/ ¦w*\^
"I Advise Women to Use Pe- flf^lAc^ i sl'%\
who indorse Peruna. In a letter written *] \t"!^T' a^T^% I V*ial •
from 513 Jones street, San Francisco, Cal., n JH iCiwjJliFE tS&SjisLlNj fe^.l?''^! \
"There is a general objection on the l j|] jjfef I V^~"~ . IJausftsil L II
part of the practicing physician to advo- G& I i^airiffi '* S*^*-^^' l&^^-iyUitW
cate patent medicines, but when any one ffllliL'3 -jb
medicine cures hundreds of people it dem- vSBf\r J «#<^ l**"" 8 *^ * J "*\JV K ''<^ ivMl
onatrates its own value and does not need VSHiHlg&i&i fcfc^f j^wmS^SMte
the indorsement of the profession. ITwIluu; S > IsBfaBjPBBSSfyW^
"Peruna has performed so many '
wonderful cures in San Francisco that :SWft^i$l Ws8JfflFMz&/^m&'-
I am convinced that it is a valuable sSBSsPi^dSS'
remedy. I have frequently advised ¦sSSjKGjS
its use for women, as I find it insures
regular and painless menstruation, S5f*
cures leucorrhaa and ovarian trou- */l j^^^^^^^^^^'f^^
bles, and builds up the entire system. '^&Lj&(M£ai* --!tliia|*3^"^
"I also consider it one of the finest ca- jKy ] (| I fri?! ** *> tTBHI' Xv
tarrh remedies I know of. I heartily in- / i I VvtBgk ""«' I&S&b) vS
dorse your medicine."— M. C. Gee, M. D. * \ VOvtlefk''^ jt&S/SX X
Mrs. E. T. Gaddis. Marion. N. C. is one -,„ ,_ V^k8T s *w<^KSv^ I
of Dr. Hartman's grateful patients. She &Dnr* :^Qr2£&£>W
consulted him by letter, followed his dl- cri^o<555£2§a5-3l
rections, and Is now able to say the fol-
"Before I commenced to take Peruna I
could not do any hard work without suf-
fering great pain. I took Peruna, and can _ , , , ,
say with pleasure that it has done more Peruna occupies a unique position la
for me than any other medicine I have medical science. It Is the only Internal
ever taken. Now I am as well as ever; I systemic catarrh remedy known to the
do all my own work and It never hurts me medical profession to-day. Catarrh, as
at all. I think Peruna is a great medicine evM . v a Jl win admit i% th« cause of one-
for womankind."— Mrs. E. T. Gaddis. ® ?I y s H admit, is tue cause or one-
Women are especially liable to pelvic haIf ot diseases which afflict mankind,
catarrh, female weakness as it is com- Catarrh and catarrhal diseases afflict one-
monly called. half of the people of the United States.
If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results from I .
',[ the use of Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a full I
| statement of your case, and he will be pleased to give you his £
! ! valuable advice gratis. •
' ; Address Dr. Hartman, President of the Hartman Sanitarium, |
? Columbus, Ohio. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th\ 13th, 14th,
loth and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
THERE AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET .
Era BBS flit RI M% t£3 !•* Twffll
uM !TW H « R EJ 2 EEs
WplWJBH PfiH
Puny babies become strong
and robust babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food gives strength.
You will be {lad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
i**W (Patented.) A!^\
Tj\ SPHEROID yd
JV LENSES <ft
j**A Give the Widest V* j
I j Range of Vision
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^P^I^J^Ty^^ And better yet the fish, no
matter how prepared, when
made delicate in flavor and
tf^CTk ® M%. « delicious to the appetite by
«S2p adding a teaspoonful of the
LEA&FERRINSV
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE. ;
Add it to oyster stews, soups, salads, chops, pot-au-feu, ;
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc. .
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agratj, NEW YORK.GREEK CABINET
GOES OUT IN A
FIERCE STORM
' NELL GWYNN-Valambrosa,..Mendo
cino;' Cal. 'Nell Gwynn,. 1 also 'known as
Eleanor Gwinn; was born at' Hereford, 1
England. "February '2,~ 165O.""and died No
vember 13, 16S7. She was an English ac
tress ; and was a : . very close " friend of
Charles II. There is little information as
to her early life.- Her first known appear
ance on ;the stage was in 1665. •¦ She was a
great favorite with the public,' as she was
gay and -sprightly and played piquant,
bustling .parts. Her: dancing was much
admired. She left the "stage in' 1682. The
King his affection for "her /'till
her ; death. -Large ; sumsTof money and
Bestwbod Park (Nottingham), Buford
House (Windsor) and other gifts were be-
THE; AMERICA CUP— F. J.: S. _ San
Diego, Cal. .The . rules .governing the
races for the America" cup contain the
following in relation to the naming of the
competing vessels:' "The challenged club
shall -not be ' required to name Its repre
sentative vessel until the time" agreed
upon, for; the start, but the' vessel, when
named, must compete In all the races, and
each of- 'such "races must' be 'completed
within' s«ven\hours." ':¦
.- ."No vessel which had been defeated in
a match for this cup can be again selected
,by- any, club' as Its representative until
after, a contest, for It, by, some other ves
sertiaa Intervened. 1 or. until after the ex
piration of two 'years ¦ from the time of
such', defeat." ' •"
When'Mr. Chamberlain proposed his tariff scheme
to the Commons he joined it to -a promise of wages
and old age pensions. This has set' the publicists at
work to find the effect of such pensions and of otheV
schemes to replace the necessity personal exer
tion as a means of self-support and ;to. put by.some
thing for independence in later -life. The result .of
the examination is that wherever. these -schemes are
tried the independence of the people and their ca
pacity for self-support grow less". . "
•This result is so natural that it shotild-not sur
prise »any one. Remove necessity. as; the spur to ex
ertion, and f exertion grows' less -and; finally.: ceases.
When men can 1 - live on bounty. * they will not : work,
no matter what race. they- are; -has plainly
shown the result of removing the necessity for exer
tion. In the tropics she feeds .'the people by. her
spontaneous products, and in the tropics.therefore.no
one works. So wherever, in any zone, a: plan is
adopted to support man without work, just as. in the
tropics, necessity^being removed,. he stops work. Of
course the permanence of such a * scheme is impos
sible, and underwit man's last, state Ms worse than the
first, for the borrowed ; money to pay . bounty accu
mulates a debt, and when the bounty stops and the
debt has to be paid,: man must work not only to
supply, the wants of the present, but : to pay for what
herhad; while lie ; wasiin the fool's paradise furnished
bya paternal government. < :
SOCIALIST . philosophers ¦} talk about
the artificial conditions and. the change^ which
made life impossible on the old' : lines. "They
use the artificial. line of argument to support their
various schemes for haying the Government take care
of the people.' They propose to pension everybody,
and to make the Government ¦'¦ furnish - ,wages for
everybody" though it must borrow the money to pay
pensions and wages. ¦ %§¦>¦'
.SUTTER-T. B., City. Butter "street,
San Francisco, was named for General
John A Sutter, a native of . Baden', who
came r to California: July 2/ 1833, went to
Sacramento -and" built . Sutter Fort on
.what" he, called New'Helvetla, and near
which James W. -Marshall In January,
,1848,":, accidentally discovered '. gold. The
name, according to the Americans, • is
pronounced Sut-er, with the sound of e as
in her. There, is * no combination of let
ters of the . English language- that will
give, the sound of the name in the Ger
man language. Such can be obtained only
by hearing ' a. German- pronounce the
name.- <* ; . ¦';?¦"'*••'.¦• -' : : : -*'-'\V~-~-
THE VALUE OF INDEPENDENCE.
CHECKERS— Hix, City. In playing
checkers when one player is in a position
to capture a piece or pieces belonging to
his adversary and he falls to do so. he is
liable to be "huffed," that Is, his oppo
nent may remove the man which the of
fending party should have taken from the
board,' as a penalty for not taking it. In
this game a player has not the option to
refuse to take - when he can, whatever
the consequences may be. The player
who Is In a position to "huff" his adver
sary has, also the option of insisting on
his taking Instead of taking the "huff."
The projected luxury will be a roof garden so con
structed that it can be made to revolve at any rate
of speed desired. Really it is to be two gardens, one
on the ground floor and one elevated to a sufficient
height to command a view of the whole surrounding
country. A report of the enterprise says: "Accord
ing to the elans the outer circle of the lower platform
will revolve at such a rate as will permit any peson
to safely step from the ground to the platform. The
next portion of the platform will revolve at an in
creased rate of speed;. -but such that it can be tra
versed safely to the inner platform, which will re
volve at a yet higher rate of speed, yet enough to
create a cooling breeze. ' This central platform is
connected with the entire upper platform and a
moving stairway will convey patrons from the lower
to the upper platforms without any effort on their
parts. Surrounding and on the platforms tables and
chairs are arranged so that refreshments and meals
may be served.
It will be seen that the scheme promises. to make
the big Ferris wheel, Chicago's boast, look like' thirty
cents. It will be the greatest "merry-go-round" on
record.. One will only have to sit still^and he will
see the whole landscape swing around him as' if it
were strung for a panorama. It will beat swinging
on the gate, and the' yovng men and the maidens of
the exposition will have fleeting hours of joy as. they,
revolve round and round in a kind of waltz that per
mits of enjoying icecream. while waltzing.' .
Just how fast the garden will have to be revolved in
order to get up an exhilarating breeze in the St
SUMMER is always a hot time in St. Louis, and
the people of St. Louis are fully aware of the
fact. They are also aware that if their expecta
tions be realized the summer of 1004, superheated as
it will be in that city by an exposition and a Presi
dential campaign combined, is going to be extremely
sultry for visitors. Hence, like wise'and considerate
hosts, they are already devising ways and means for
cooling off the crowds."
Of course many ways will be devised and many
plans will be tried ; all kinds of iced drinks will be
plentiful and there_will be fans galore, accompanied
by an ample concession to men to wear shirt waists,
but of those we need not speak. One scheme, how
ever, promises to be a novelty of the first class and
a'genuinc treat to the multitude, being nothingness
than a self-cooling garden endowed with power to'
generate its own breezes on the sultriest day of the
season. -
A ST. LOUIS GARDEN.
TORPEDO BOATS— S.. San Jose. Cal.
Italy never had nor has not now any
"cruiser that can be submerged for three
hours at a time." It has two submarine
boats, the Demno and the Trlone, the
former 79 feet and the latter 55 feet long.
The United States navy has eight sub
marine-boats, the Adder, Grampus, Hol
land, Moccasin, Pike, Plunger, Porpoise
and Shark. The shortest of these is the
Holland, 54 feet, and the longest' the
Plunger, 85 feet.
A Los Angeles man stole an automobile the other
day. and it is a safe prediction that he will plead
in defense either temporary insanity or an impulse to
remove evil from the path of the unwary.
Government to Improve Harbor.
LOS ANGELES, July 8.— Major J. H.
Wlllard, Government engineer In charge
of the harbor work at San Pedro, has
called for bids for the construction of a
dredge to cost approximately 180.000 for
use in improving: the Inner harbor at "Wil
mington. Tenders will be opened In Los
Angeles July 24. The construction of this
dredge will mark the beginning of exten
sive improvement of the inner harbor
planned by the Government.
JANUARY— Subscriber . City. A Is right
In his contention that January, the name
of the first month of the "year, was taken
from the Romans. The names of our
months wete taken directly from those
people. They named the first month
Januarius, after Janus, the double-faced
deity, who* wa£*~supposed to be looking
backward and forward to denote the
meeting of the past and the future.
FROM SHAKESPEARE— E. Q. M.,
City. .The lines asked about:
He dives into the King's soul, and there
. scatters • '
Dangers, doubts, wringing^* the conscience.
Fears and despairs; and all these for his mar
riage.
Are from Shakespeare's "Henry VIII,"
act 2, scene II.
LOTTERY— P. H. L... Pomona, Cal. It
is unlawful to transmit by mail any letter
addressed to any lottery concern. The
postofflce will not deliver such letters and
a person who uses the mail for the pur
pose of communication- with such con
cerns is liable to punishment. .
The residence is on the same street as
the Lindley home, which the Governor
has occupied since he has been In Sacra
mento. It was the original Intention to
erect a residence on the Capitol grounds,
but Governor Pardee was opposed to this
on the score that it would be inappropri
ate. He gave his approval to the selec
tion of the Steffens residence.
SACRAMENTO. July 8.— The Capitol
Commissioners this evening concluded the
purchase of a Governor'* mansion. The
property bought was the residence of Jo
seph Steffens, &t the corner of Sixteenth
and H streets,' and the price paid was $32.
600. As the amount In the fund is $48,750,
there 1 will remain a goodly sum for repair
ing and furnishing the residence. The lot
upon which the house stands has a front
age on U street of 210 feet and it has a
depth of 160 feet. The residence was built
about twenty years ago for Albert Galla
tln. at a cost' far In excess of the price
¦paid for it to-day.
Steff ens Property on Sixteenth and
H Streets, Sacramento, Is Bought
for an Executive Mansion.
COMMISSIONERS PURCHASE
HOME FOR THE GOVERNOR
The establishment of professorships of international
law, the history of civilization, American history and
music would not occasion much comment. In one
way or another each of those s'ubjects is already pro
vided for in all of our larger universities. The es
tablishment of a chair o( instruction in public ad
ministration, however, would be a novelty. It might
indeed excite something of derision, for the gradu
ate who came forth from his university with a
diploma certif3'ing his fitness tp fill a public office
might find himself defeated at the polls >every / time
he sought to be elected to the particular office lie
had qualified himself to fill.
There is of course a recognized need of trained
men to fill the various administrative offices of the
nation and cf the States, counties and cities. It is
more than doubtful, however, whether that training
could be successfully given in a university, no matter
how liberal might be the endowment to provide it.
There are some classes of work for which business
experience is\a better training than any that could
be furnished in a lecture-room, and as a rule public
administration is wo^k of that class. -
Mr. White says: "In our courts the university has
a stronghold, but in our county boards, our city
councils, our Legislatures, our Congress and our
seats of executive power I see no such proportion of
university-bred men as every intelligent American
patriot must desire. ? * * Our universities do
rot yet offer their students who wish to enter public
life the instruction which fits them thoroughly for
•t. We have magnificent provisions for instruction in
the sciences, in literatu-r, > a!l that Dcrtair» to vn
ri us professions. We are rapidly taking the lead of
the world, but I sec no equal provision for fitting men
to grapple with the problems of American politics."
It is quite probable that Mr. White's views on this
subject are affected by what he saw, and learned to
admire in the bureaucratic government of Germany.
Possibly the offices of that country are pretty well
filled by university graduates.' He will have a hard
task, however, in convincing "the American people
that such bureaucratic training would be of advantage
here. At any rate, so long as the attainment of office
in. this country depends mainly on the" ability to
get votes, the first lesson in the -proposed university
course of instruction in the scicnte of filling a pub
lic oif.cv would have to consist of training' in the
iit of getting it
AT the recent meeting at Yale of the famous
class of 1853 Andrew D. White, formerly
United States Embassador to Germany, made
a plea for a new course of instruction at our univer
sities. He believes that the present system of higher
education is defective inasmuch as it gives no train
ing nor culture in the work of public administration,
to which so many Americans are called, and he de
sires that such work be at once provided for by the
establishment of the proper chairs in the larger uni
versities of the country. Millionaires of liberal ten
dencies are invited to contribute to the .foundations.
In presenting his theme Mr. White said the great
est good American millionaires can do to the cause
of education at this time would be to contribute to
the following object?: "1. Endowments in twenty
five American universities of professorships and fel
lowships for instruction in public affairs to fit the
youth of America for office-holding. 2. Professor
s-V^iit and fellowships in twenty-five American univer
sities tor study ?nd teaching in administration. 3. The
establishment on a similarly large scale in American
universities cf professorships in international law.
4. The establishment of twenty-five professorships
iifid fellowships in the history of civilization.
5. Endowments in twenty-five universities for chairs
in American history. 6. Similar endowments in
twenty-five universities for the study of music and
literature as inspiring accompaniments to cine virtue
FOR PUBLIC LIFE
A recent issue of the Manchester Times tells of a
walking match from tha^ city to Southport, a dis
tance of 41H miles. The conditions were that the
contestants were to make it in ten and a half hours
of straight walking. Out of 107 starters no less than
103 completed the distance in the required time, and
it is stated that if the limit had been placed at % l / 2
hours upward of three score corjipetitors would
have qualified for the medal offered. .
Among the successful competitors in the race were
two young ladies. They made the 41J4 mileS \% ten
hours and one minut^and are reported to have come
in looking fine and fresh at the finish. They assert
that they undertook no special training for the walk,
but one of them said: "I put down my success a
great deal to the fact that for a number of years I
have betn studying the art of voice production and
the care of the throat and lungs."
The "hew fad appears to be sweeping the country
like a craze. All kinds of pedestrian tours and
matches are being proposed. It is announced that
the great difficulty' of the matches is found _ in trying
to enforce the rule against running. However, that
does not spoil the fun of the thing, and our British
cousins appear to be haying a great time tramping
from one town to another and witching the country
by their speed and endurance in getting over miles
and .miles of road at something like five miles an
hour all day lone
WHEN golf has run its course and is no
longer a novelty for the amuse'ment of the
smart set and their imitators, it is probable
we shall have a season of walking tours by way of
variety. Most of our social fads come from Eng
land, and England just now is much given to walk
ing. The papers that pay attention to such matters
a're full of reports of long tranips and of arrangements
made for others. The walks vary from twenty- five
to fifty miles, and are seemingly shared in by all
classes and conditions of people. \
THEATERS-E. W., City. The seating
capacity of the Grand Opera-house in San
Francisco is 2395; Columbia Theater, 1624;
California Theater, 160S; Central Theater.
1458. and the Orpheum, 2900. The seating
capacity of the Republic Theater recently
damaged by flre was 1425.
WALKS AND WALKERS.
PONY EXPRESS RIDER-S. A. Me.
City. The picture of the Pony Express
Rider recently published shows that the
rider feels that he Is being pursued by In
dians coming over the hill, but he Is sur
prised to see one on the level on his right
riding to cut him oft. ?
NEW YORK, July 8.— From San Fran
cisco—Miss R. ' A. Leving, at Marlbor
ough; J. F. Valentine, Mrs. C. Martinez,
at Broadway Central; Miss Bennement,
at Netherland: J. C. English, at Herald
Square; H. Parish, at Grand Union; H.
Mack, at Manhattan; A. H. Relchllng. at
Hoffman. From Los Angeles— G. W.
Pendleton, at Herald Square; Solano. at
Imperial; Dr. G. Bayless. at Navarre: C.
Monroe and wife, at Manhattan. From
Oakland— W. Kelly and wife, at Conti
nental; W. A. Kling, at Gilsey. From
Santa Ana— Miss Tripp. MI33 A. T. Ack
er, at Grand. Union.
Californians in New York.
DIAMONDS — Subscriber, City. Dia
monds have been found In the following
named States of the Amerlmn Union:
Virginia. North Carolina, Georgia, Wis
consin, Idaho and California.
OLD BILLS-J. L. C, City. Almost any
money broker on Montgomery street will
tell you upon examination if the old bills
in your possession are of any value.
KEEL BOAT— W. A. F.. City. The
America, the vesse.1 that first won the
America's cup, was a keel boat. .
RAILROAD— M., City. There is no rail
road In Lake County.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
R. Prager. a merchant of .Portland, Is at
the Palace.
• W. Virges, a druggist of. Tacoma, Is
at fhe Palace. ¦;
I G. D. Kellogg, a fruit man o* Newcastle,
is at the Uck. ,V r : ;
1 Dr. Clarendon A. Foster of New York
is at the Palace.;'"
i A. R. Horning. . a lumberman of Glen
dale, Is at the Buss.
E. ,T. Stimson.a lime merchant of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace, r '
; Thomas Derby, a merchant of New
Almaden, is. at- the Palace.
¦ "WV H. Gerretson. a grocer of Benrcia. la
registered at the Occidental.
• Ben R. Katzensteln, a fruit grower of
Sacramento, Is at the Palace.
Lieutenant Commander Charles Laird
of the Boston is at the Palace.
H. P. Anderson, an oil man of Los An
geles, is stopping at the Palace.
T. H. Minor, a lumber merchant of Ax
cata. is among the guests at the Grand. V
J. H. Williams, one of Portland's mer
chants. Is stopping at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE meeting of the navies in Pechili Bay
probably ha^ no warlike significance. All
the leading powers >have squadrons and
fleets in Eastern waters, and they do there
as elsewhere by periodically- meeting and rais
ing the "pig flag," or heaving-to for "a gam,"
to exchange salutes, calls, dinners and drinks. So
from rear s admirals to jackies the personnel of all the
fleets will meet and mingle on the / waters of far
Pechili, and the occasion aannot be taken by any as
a "demonstration."
Now in diplomacy"a demonstration" is a signifi
cant thing, and may occur by omission. For in
stance, if Russia had been left to occupy Pechili alone
with her fifty-seven warships ii. would have been "a
demonstration," portentous to China and menacing
to the other nations interested in the trade of the
East.- But when we send fifteen warships, the best
in the world and the latest out of actual battle, and
Great Britain, Germany, France and Italy appear un
der full steam, Russia is cheated of her demonstra
tion, and- what would have had a warlike appear
ance becomes as peaceful as an apple bee. It may
well be that while. France and Russia will do their
manners to the other fleets and squadrons, they
really feerthat it is a, case in which "two are com
pany and three a crowd."
The United States has no militant intention,
but just sends Admiral Bob Evans and' the Oregon
and a few more of our sea lions to let the rest of
the world know that Columbia is still the gem of the
ocean. We take tea with lemon juice and butter
with Russia and the sap of the Widow Cliquot with
France in the most peaceable way, but if there
should be a fight involving us in the East we will be
found somewhat prepared.
As for Russia, her recent- diplomacy threatens to
make her the Ananias of nations. The only redeem
ing feature of it is that she shows the newness of her
fall by the bad memory which makes her diplomatic
lies inconsistent with each other. We are glad to
help cheat her out of her costfy demonstration on
Pechili Bay, and will not be^ sorry if some day we
have to besom her fleet off the face of the waters.
THE RUSSIAN CASE.
THURSDAY .JULY o, 1903
J0HN % D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Sc dress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
riTILICATIO.V OFFICE... Market and Third. 5. F.
liUITOHIAL ROOJUS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 Cts.
Per Month. • Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inducing Posta<« (Cash With Order):
DAILT CALL (lnclodir.r Sunday), on* year fS.OO
DAILY CALL rtncludicg 6uaday). « months 4.OO
DA1LT CALL— By Slngl* Month 75e
SUNDAY CALL. Or« Tear 2.5O
WEEKLY CALL if Tear LOO
f Ds4!r... S8.SO Per Tear Extra
rOREIGrc POST A { EunCar.- 4.13 Per Tear Extra.
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All PoitmnitTi are authorized to reeetr*
•abucrlptlona.
e*ttp!e copies will be forwarded when requested
M«!l •ubscrlber* In ordering chase* of afidresi ahoul£ be
tartlcoUr to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE.
1X18 Brosdwar Telephone llata 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
Z14S Center Street Telephone Xortb 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Manieer Forelflrn Adver
tising. Blarqaette Bntldlns;, CblcaKO.
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
JIOUTOX E. CRAMS 14OG G Street, 5f. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
HEPHE.V B. SMITH 30 Trlbnne Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Uerald Sqnare
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hptel; A. Erentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hctel; FUth-avenut Hotel and Hoffman House. -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tremcct Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
liRAKCH OFFICES— -527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, cpea
tastll »:30 o'clock. 300 Haye». epen until 9:30 o'clock. «S»
UeAUlctcr. open until 9 :30 o'clock. €19 Larkln. open until
/ fl:30 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10. o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, epen until S o'clock. 1094 Va
ira<-la. open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clcck. 22G0 FUlKore, open until S o'clock. ¦
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call «ab*crlber« contemnlatlna* a ehana-e of
residence dnrlnc the summer months ean hare
thrlr paper forwarded by mall to their nrvr
• ddreiin by notify-In* The Call Bndaeu Office.
Tbla paper ttIII nlio be on stale at all anrnmer
, r(O rti onil !¦ represented .»r » local agent la
ell town« «¦ 1b* eoa«t."
A few days ago a remarkable story came from St.
Louis' of an effort being made by a brace of rascals
to make a -pseudo monkey of V kidnaped child for
show purposes. The ingenious scoundrels would have
given less affront aud received more success if they
had taken one of many men who are at large in 1 al
most any community.
TVilhelmina, Queen of The Netherlands, Prin
cess of Orange- Nassau, etc -
To Andrew Carnegie. Esq. : In order that
the Institution originated by the peace confer
ence may attain Its full development, not only
the co-operation of sovereigns and governors
is necessary, but the sympathy of private per
sons also is needed. You, sir, have felt this,
and, suiting the action to the sentiment with
characteristic energy, you have offered a
princely gift for the establishment of a palace
and library worthy of the Court of Arbitration.
May the palace of peace, which will owe Its
existence to your munificence, remain through
out time the imposing symbol of the humane
endeavor to solve the differences between na
tions by peaceful means. • Your contributing so
largely toward the realization of this end is
a noble deed, which I and my people appre
ciate the more highly because an international
decree having placed the seat of the Court of
Arbitration in this country. The Netherlands
considers Itself the guardian of the Idea of
peace, which it was the aim of The Hague
conference to see fulfilled.
The object of this letter Is to offer you our
most heartfelt thanks.
Given at tha Palace Soestdik, the 11th of
June, 1903. , . WILHEL.MINA.
NEW YORK, July 8.— Andrew Carnegie
has received the following letters, one
from Count Casslni, the Embassador of
Russia in Washington, and the other
from the Queen of The Netherlands, upon
the occasion of his presentation of tlfe
sum of $1,500,000 to The Netherlands Gov
ernment for a courthouse and library for
the use of the permanent court of arbi
tration at The Hague:
IMPERIAL. EMBASSY OF RUSSIA.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 28. 1903.
Andrew Carnegie. . Esq. — Sir : His Majesty
the Emperor haa learned with the utmost sat
isfaction of the generous donation of #1.500.000
given by you . for the purpose of erecting a
building at The Hague to be held as the per
manent seat of the International Court of Ar
bitration and for a library in connection with
the same. '
His Majesty directs me to convey to you the
expression of his deep and heartfelt apprecia
tion of this munificent gift, bestowed on a
cause the Initiative of which belongs to my
most gracious master, who trusts that It8
further development will prove of Inestimable
value, accrue to the future peace of the world
and the happiness of all mankind.
Acquitting myself with the greatest pleasure
of the agreeable duty intrusted to me, I . re
main, sincerely yours, ¦ >• •¦ ' '•"
COUNT CASS1NI. Embassador of Russia.
1 The object of the opium bill is to create
an opium monopoly in the archipelago and
sell it to the highest bidder. It is based
on the theory that it will restrict the use
of the drug to Chinese, who have used it
a]^ their lives, and prevent Its indiscrim
inate sale to Americans' and 'Filipinos,
many of whom are falling victims to the
use of opium. "Sales of the drug are to be
controlled by a concessionary, who may
acquire the right to sell opium In the isl
ands by bidding for the privilege every
three years. There are, provisions for li
censes and control of the traffic.
MANILA, July S.— Representatives of
the Chinese Chamber of Commerce and
of the Evangelical Union argued for six
hours to-day in opposing the opium^blli
at the public discussion of that measure
on the occasion of its third reading. The
Chinese advocated that there be no
change in the present indiscriminate sale
of opium, with additional Government su
pervision of its importation. The Evan
gelical Union delegates urged the prohi
bition of the sale of opium by the United
States commission and exposed the most
sensational conditions prevailing, alleg
ing that the Chinese are tampering with
the newspapers and raising a fund des
tined to be used In bringing about the
defeat of the bill.
but no doubt a good many visitors will feel dizzy' by
the time they have mixed their mint juleps with the
motion of the garden itself. Gayety and hilarity,
however, will 'rule the soaring crowd,; and it may be
that other cities will with envious haste erect simi
lar gardens of their own, and St. Louis will be fa
mous, honored and imitated even in Chicago.
LORD ROSEBERY has for the S third ;. time
spoken of Chamberlain's tariff* policy with de
rision. In a "speech in the -House of Lords he
| has mocked at the proposed inquiry into the subject
of the commercial and industrial relations of the em
pire with competing nations and with the "colonies."
He has declared that he does not believe any, such
inquiry will take place, and has asserted that the talk
of an, inquiry is designed for no other purpose than
to conceal the weakness of Chamberlain's position
and enable him to get out of a bad blunder.
Perhaps Rosebery may be sincere in his state
ments. He is of nature so critical, so given to
vague academic discussion of political questions, that
it is probably impossible for him to understand' how
any set of men can undertake to carry out a new
enterprise in political life. Chamberlain, however, is
a man of action. From his youth he has been in the
habit of doing things. Between his thoughts and
his will there is a very close connection. He is not
the kind of statesman who can spend^ years halting
and hesitating whether or no he will accept the lead
ership of a party, or not. In short, he is about the
opposite of Rosebery, and consequently the tiling
which Rosebery laughs at as a mere matter of talk is
very likely to be the thing upon which Chamberlain
will stake his political fortunes.
It is to be noted that the statesmen and the papers
of Great Britain do not share Rosebery's derisive
views of the issue. The free-traders have under
taken a vigorous campaign of education in defense of
their policy against the attack which they see to be
inevitable at the next general election. Recently
some fifty cf the Liberal Unionists who in times past
have followed Chamberlain have formed themselves
into ah association to oppose his new policy. At the
jame time other leaders of equal influence have
aligned themselves on his side and are now carrying
the war into Africa. The Parliamentary inquiry will
unquestionably be made, and it will be made as a
matter of practical politics. That much is about as
certain as anything in the future can be.
Recently Sir Gilbert Parker, one of Chamber
lain's ablest supporters, took the matter from Par
liament to the people by submitting resolutions in
dorsing the proposed policy to a m3ss-meeting of his
constituents. His speech is looked upon as impor
tant because it presented what are expected to be the
arguments which Chamberlain will himself rely
upon when appealing to the country.
A summary of the address says: "Taxes on.im
ported food were advocated as an indispensable fis
cal reform, but the explanation was made that the
taxes would be reduced in other directions, espe
cially on tea, coffee, sugar and tobacco, and that the
balance would be effected by the operation of poli
cies of retaliation and negotiation. Ten industries
were enumerated in which there had been an aggre
gate loss of £17,000^000 in trade, and the reduction of
the exports of the country under free trade was esti
mated at 30 per cent. Sir Gilbert contended that the
capital and the workmen of the country must be kept
employed and the home market defended against
foreign invasion."
Whatever Rosebery mayahink of such arguments,
they were well received by the masses of Gravesend
to whom they were addressed. It was an audience
largely made up of workingmen whose industries
have been subject to foreign competition and who
will be glad of something in the way of protection.
Moreover, they applauded the proposed reduction of
taxes on tea, coffee, sugar and tobacco, articles which
are so important to the homes of the working
classes. Consequently when at the close of his ad
dress the resolutions asking for an -exhaustive in
quiry concerning the needed measures for checking 1
increasing inroads' into British markets were pre
sented, they were carried by a unanimous vote.
The issue, in short, .is already before the people.
While Rosebery is exercising his subtle intellect in
criticizing this or that phase of the subject Chamber
lain is going ahead with his programme. Some day
Rosebcry will wak,e up to find that what he has
been ridiculing as absurd has become a governmental
policy established by the votes of the British people.
ROSEBERY AND CHAMBERLAIN
ROYALTY GIVES
THANKS TO A
MONEY KING
OPPOSITION
TO PHILIPPINES
OPIUM BILL
Louis atmosphere cannot be. calculated at this: time,
THE SAN 'FBANCISCP CALL., THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 23> Cali
fornia street- Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st.. above Call bldg.*
"Cjfflcer," said the Police Court Judge,
"what made you think the prisoner was
drunk?" ..^1, % U.
"Well, your Honor, as he was going
along the sidewalk he ran plump into a
street lamppost. He backed away, re
placed his hat on his head, and firmly
started forward again, but once more ran
Into the post. Four times he tried to get
by the post. but. each time his uncertain
steps took hlm x plump into the iron pole.
After the fourth attempt and failure to
pass tha post, he 'backed off, fell to the
pavement, and, clutching his head In his
hands, murmured, as one lost to all hope:
•Lost! Lost in an impenetrable forest.* 3
"Ten days," said the court.— -Green Bag.
"With the idea of -naming 1 my boys,"
said a white-haired man, "so that there
could be no nicknames — which I have al
ways detested— in the family, we called
the first Edmund, the second Edward. and
the third Edgar; .the fourth Edwin, the
fifth Edson and the sixth Egbert."
"That surely served your purpose,
didn't It?" asked one of the listeners.
"Not at all," rejoined the patriarch,
rather shamefacedly. "Beginning with
the eldest, they were known as 'Eddie.*
•Chuck/ *Blm,' 'Snorkey.' 'Muggins' and
'Pete.' and every mother's son of them
answered proudly to his nickname."—
Youth's Companion.
Not a Good Liar.— Mrs. Newbrlde— I
didn't see you at my wedding.
Mr. Stlngee (who saved the price of the
gift)— Why. I didn't get any Invitation.
Mrs. Newbride— I'm sure one was sent
to your house on Sixteenth street.
Mr. Stingee— No. it wasn't. It was sent
to the same number on Fifteenth street,
and— er— that is— I declare there goes my
car. Good-by.— Catholic Standard Times.
"How far are we from Chicago?" asked
the passenger with the skull cap. wiping
the moisture from the windows of the
sleeping car and glancing out. &;• '
The passenger with the cropped beard
raised his head and sniffed the air.
"About forty miles, I judge.'* he said.—
Chicago Tribune.
Mamma— Johnny, I want you to be good
to-day. *»»V.' ' »*
Johnny— I will be good if you'll gimmo
a nickel.
Mamma— Johnny. I want you to remem
ber that you cannot, be a child of mine
unless you are good for nothing.—Phila
delphia Press.
Maud— Here's an article in this maga
zine on "How to Manage a Husband."
Mabel— Skip it. Neither of us has man
aged to get the husband yet.— Washington
Star.
A CHANCE .TOnSMILE
Agitation regarding the currant monop
oly Is daily growing more serious in West
ern Peloponessus of Morea, south of the
isthmus of Corinth. The peasants In tha
neighborhood of Pyrgos are practically
in revolt. They have destroyed the rail
way at several points, because they were
prevented by troops from seizing trains
on which they wished to come to Athens
and represent their views to the King in
favor of granting a monopoly. Many of
the demonstrators at Pyrgos are armed.
They are keeping up a continuous fusil
lade and are parading the town shouting
"The monopoly or death," thereby voic
ing their belief that the granting of the
monopoly is necessary to enable the cur
rant growers to live.
The resignation of the Theotokis Cab
inet was hailed with joy throughout the
country, but a solution of the crisis is
awaited with considerable anxiety. L'-_v.
ATHENS, Greece, July 8.— The formal
announcement In the chamber to-day t>y
Premier Theotokia of his resignation of
the Cabinet, which only formed ten days
ago, was followed by a scene of the wild
est disorder, during which the opposing
Deputies exchanged blows and the gaf
leries joined In the general, uproar. M.
Theotokis, in announcing his resignation,
violently attacked the opposition, who. he
said, fomented Illusions among the masses
which coulJ not be realized without In
volving the Government in the most se
rious consequences. He added that the
Government was confronted by a formid
able upheaval of the whole people and
rather than use severe measures which
the maintenance of order demanded the
Cabinet had resigned. The storm broke
as M. Theotokis concluded.
The President Immediately suspended
the> sitting and when later he attempted
to reassemble the house he could not Una
a quorum, all the supporters of M. Del
yannls, the former Premier, and the oppo
sition leader, having accompanied him
home amid intense rejoicing.
6
| MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR]
| The Spenders j
i BY BAMY IEON WILSON. £
J This clever and extremely down-ta-date story — a darin? study 5
\ in contrast — the West against the East ¦
I - in thc« 2
1 1 NEXT SUNDAY CALl~| j
| * The Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers •
| ABSOLUTELY FREE ]
| Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored 'Art Masterpieces, •
j BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN I
| Which Have Made the Artist World Famous. This Is Because Bry- . m
I son Personally SuptVlntends the Beprbduction of AH '. : *'u
His Pictures by the Costliest and Meat Bemark- *
5 V able Color Process Zver Invented. This Is e
{ Also the Reason That Most of His H
! Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 1
I You Will Get the Whole S«rie s c<Six in Bapid Succession^ Th« ¦
¦ 8HK*B . Flrst wm Be S
j| LOVERS CONFIDENCE ~||
¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•^¦•¦•¦^•¦•¦•¦•»isJeang Men . Sing, a Chinese jeweler, at
SOU Dupont street, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong on a warrant charging him with
violating the ordinance passed recently
to th« effect that pawnbrokers and sec
ond-hand dealers must furnish a daily.re
port to the Chief of Police of all articles
purchased by them. It is alleged that the
Chinese Jeweler purchased half a dozen
razors from a burglar named Barnes, now
under arrest in Oakland, and failed ' to
make a report.
Purchases Stolen Goods.
The record for honesty and able administra
tion of the Chinese laws Is one for which you
may weil feel proud. There has never been
the sliKhest Intimation of scandal connected
with the bureau during the time you have had
supervision. When it Is considered the large
number of cases which have been tried, the
many and perplexing questions which had to
be solved, and in view of thn fact that at
many of the other ports accusations have been
made acalnst'the officers. ' your record is cer
tainly remarkable. "Well done, thou good
and faithful servant" could never be said
with greater truth and sincerity than to you.
I feel that I can - bespeak ~ for the officers
who have now been designated to assume tha
duties formerly devolving upon you as Col->
lector your kindly Interest, and that you will,
when called «pon, give them the benefit . of
your knowledge and experience.
. While our official relations may be severed,
yet I hope that the warm, kindly feelinu-whlch
has existed between us s'.nce our meeting In
November last will continue; and that the
bureau will always have In you a warm friend
and supporter. I shall bope that you will al
ways feel at liberty - to write me upon any
subject which you think will be of Interest.
A letter was received at the Custom
house yesterday from Frank P. Sargent,
Commissioner. General of Immigration,
addressed to Collector of Customs Fred
erick S. Stratton. The letter is highly '
complimentary, and is as follows:
My Dear Mr. Stratton: In severing my of
ficial relations with you on July 1. so far as
they relate to the enforcement of the Chi
nese exclusion laws. I do so with a feeling of
K'gict. for I realize that the bureau lose? a
faithful and conscientious officer and one who
at all times tried to be absolutely just.
Says That Port Collector
Stratton Does
Well.
Sheepmen Restrained.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday isued a temporary restraining
order against forty owners of flocks of
sheep aggregating 200,000 head who are
encroaching upon the Stanislaus Forest
Reserve.
Fountain Fens.
We are selling agents for several foun
tain pens. Including the "Waterman," the
"Swan" and the "Marshall," the best $1.00
fountain pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
Passed a Valueless Check.
William Bayer, 76 years of age, was
sentenced to serve six months in the
County Jail by Police Judge Fritz yester
day on a charge of obtaining goods by
false pretenses. On July 1 he purchased
a statuette and two marble vases from
Mrs. B. Heyermann, 106 Hayes street, for
$18 50 and gave her a check for $40 on N.
W. Harris & Co.. New York, receiving
the change. The check was valueless.
Policeman Philip E. Fraher. who was
promoted to the position of corporal at
the meeting of the Police Commissioners
on Tuesday night to fill the vacancy
caused by the retirement of Corporal
Thomas Bolen. was sworn in yesterday
morning by Acting Chief Martin. He was
assigned t» duty with Company A. Cen
tral police station, vice Corporal Harry
J. O'Day, who has been appointed assist
ant hack Inspector with Sergeant Gor
man. Policeman E. F. Ward, who is on
his vacation, will be promoted to corporal
when he returns. He will fill the vacancy
caused by the retirement of Sergeant
Griffiths.
Fraher Made a Corporal.
Zacarias Reyes p a Filipino, was held to
answer before the. Superior, Court by Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge
of grand larceny In J2000 bonds. He wa3
employed as a valet by M. M. Veloso, 1459
Franklin street, and on June 30 stble a
box containing jewelry and coin to the
value of over $2000. Frank Tyrrell was
held to answer in bonds of $500 on a
charge of asault with a deadly weapon.
He was accused of throwing a rock at
E. J. Loughery, 334 Chapultepec street,
on May 9, which struck Loughery on the
head, inflicting an ugly gash.
Prisoners Held to Answer.
That the prisoner cannot be altogether
heartbroken over the week's romance of
three years ago was evinced on April 5
last, when he improved the dull hour 6f
his Imprisonment to marry Miss Teresa
M. Van Velden, a prison missionary.
Miss Norine, when seen at her. home at
944 Van Ness avenue, yesterday, was very
shy about vouchsafing any information
on her new matrimonial venture.. The
mention of "Sir" Harry's name recalled
Incidents to her which sealed her lips
to any statements as to her past adven
ture or her future hopes.
In his cell at the County Jail the man
of many aliases poured his blessings yes
terday on the head of his erstwhile bride.
With a stage tremor In his voice he said:
"Norine is a nice girl. I pray God that
she may be happier with Kelly than she
v/as with me. My name will be a lasting
blight upon her new life if it is associated
with hers. Four months ago, when she
became engaged to the man she is to
marry, she sent him down here to my cell
with a little message, hpping I was hap
py. That is the last word I will ever
hear from her."'
her. They were married before the old
folks could come to shower blessings.
At Ogden the honeymoon was rudely in
terrupted. Men with stars en told the
bride of three days that Ernest was an
ex-convict, his princely fortune in Chan
cery Court a myth, and tho telegram
from mamma his last forgery.
The groom was arrested and convicted
on the forgery charge. Bigamy and per
jury were also arrayed against his name.
To the astounded girl-wife was unrav
eled the tale of the sins of her husband.
Three other girls in turn had borne one of
his many aliases as their own; he had a
record in England and Australia; during
a three years' term in San Quentln; from
which he was released only a month be
fore their marriage, he had been a ring
leader in a plot to murder the guards.
On October 9, 1901, the courts annulled
Norine's marriage. Yesterday her new
lover obtained the license which will em
bark her again on the matrimonial flood.
SIB HABEY SOLILOQUIZES.
SARGENT WRITES
PLEASING WORDS
LOVE'S lottery has no terrors for
pretty Miss Norine Schneider
Two years ago she drew the worse
than blank, "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, alias Ernest Moore
Chadwick, forger, swindler and ex-con
vict. To-day she will try another chance
In the great game of blind Dan Cupid and
become the wife of Ernest J. Kelly, a
man who presides over one of the cool
ing places in the torrid town of Ilollister.
When the wedding bells ring out to
proclaim the binding of the nuptial knot
their pealing may perch.ince be carried
through the barred windows of the Coun
ty Jail, where sits the bridegroom of three
years ago, a convicted felon waiting for
prison doors to close on him for the sec
ond time. To gain the beauty who be
comes a bride again to-day "Sir" Harry
forged and swindled his way to the ten
year sentence, which is new on appeal to
the Supreme Court.
On February 23, 1901, Ncrine Schneider,
the Innocent little country girl, married
Dr. Ernest Moore Chadwick at Crockett,
Her dashing spouse was the sole heir to
£31,000. as attested by a bcribboned docu
ment from the Court of Chancery in Eng
land. He had ordered for her a trous
seau fit for any grand dame; a 5250 dia
mond ring glittered on her finger.
FOBGEBY BEINGS MABBIAGE.
True, Papa and Mamma Schneider had
suffered doubts concerning: the genuine
ness of the dazzling gloss which was
Chadwlck's. But a telegram receive.! by
Norine, supposedly from Mamma Schnei
der, had said: "Do what Ernest tells you
at once." So Norine did what Ernest told
Dairymen and Bestaurant Proprie
tors Must Answer for Selling
Impure Articles of Food.
For having impure milk for sale and
use in their possession, warrants for the
arrest of the following persons are to be
asked for to-day by the City Board of
Health:
II Newman. Marin Dairy; J. Kanai. New
Boss Dairy; J Furrer, Six Mile Dairy; H.
Lichtensteln, Popular Dairy; B. Miller. Colma
Dairy; Charles Clarke. Clarke's Restaurant.
612 Kearny street; G. Eattlstessen. New Bon
Giusto Restaurant. B22 Broadway; J. W. Ig
nargo & Co., New Popular Restaurant. 117
Third street.
The warrants for arrest and prosecution
are the result of a number of raids made
by the nealth inspectors last week.
MANY MILK DEALEES
AEE TO BE ABBESTED
YOUNG WOMAN WHO, AFTER
BITTER MATRIMONIAL EXPERI
ENCE. WILL AGAIN WED.
Divorce suits were filed by Marshall 9.
Roche against Charlotte Roche, for de
sertion; Wilhelmenia R. R. Doxey asks
a separation from John Aubrey Doxey,
for willful neglect; Martin S. Nelson asks
a divorce from Anna Nelson, on the
ground of desertion, and Mary A. Clark
sues James Clark for divorce, on the
ground of cruelty.
Judge Murasky granted divorces yes
terday as follows:
Frederick 11. Diver from Norah Diver,
for desertion: Anna Bahn from William
J. Bahn, for willful neglect, and Lizzie
Bigger from J. A. Bigger, for extreme
cruelty. *
Alexander O. Richards yesterday filed
an answer and cross-complaint to the ac
tion of divorce brought by his wife, Eliz
abeth. He denies intemperance and other
allegations.' He avers that he Is himself
entitled to a divorce.
Richards says^he was married on May
25 t 1899. and that their first meeting was
through an advertisement. He alleges
that she represented that she had money
and owned property valued at $250,000 and
that she needed a husband to look after
her interests- He further states that he
informed her he had no money and she
replied, "You will not need any money,
as I have enough for us both, more than
we can use," whereupon defendant con
sented to and did marry the plaintiff.
Richards accuses his wife of violating
her marriage vows. . He alleges she vis
ited well-known resorts in this" city and
vicinity, but he is unable to give the
names of men who' accompanied her.^He
further alleges that he has no money, nor
is he physically or mentally able to sup
port himself even though he possessed the
means to do so; that he has always been
dependent upon the bounty, of his mother,
Anna M. Richards, for the necessaries of
living. He asks that he be Eranted a di
vorce.
Detective Pinkerton contemplates re
maining In the city for several weeks.
Mr. Moon, who returned with hfm. Is in
t frosted in several large timber tracts In
Northern California and unless he
changes his mind he will soon abandon
his residence In St. Paul and make San
Francisco his future home.
On top of this news I have been informed of
th* escape last w«»ek of Frank Rudolph, who
killed K. A. Schumaker. Itne of the beet men
In the employ of our agencies, this aft*r we had
chased h:m half around the world for a bank
robbery. The day I arrived in 6an Francisco
on my way to the Orient I got a telegram an
nouncing the capture of Rudolph, and I started
across the Pacific happy in the thought that we
would eventual}' put him where he ought to
have b»-en since he began wearing long
lireech*>s. But we will have him again and the
n*-xt time we will taxe good care that he
CToc-pn't escape from his confinement.
1 never had a more enjoyable time In my life,
and the trla was very beneficial to me. Wo
went a« far a* Hongkong and saw all that is
worth seeing. Coming home was a most de
lightful trip, for although the Peking was a
bit elow owing to pome mishap, we were af
forded every i>osElble opportunity for enjoying
ourselves. It is a. fine old ship, and If I had
to make the trip across the Pacific again, which
I bope I will, nothing would suit me better
than to travel on this vessel. She goes along
like an old soldier and cemfs into port with the
air of a major general. A little slow compared
to the Siberia, which carried us over, but she
mits me and she ought to suit any man who is
not over aniious to travel at the mad pace at
which Americans are rapidly accustoming
themselves.
On the return voyage Pinkerton had a
premonition that bad news would be
awaiting here and his fears were real
ized, for he had hardly landed before a
dispatch was handed him announcing
that Harvey Logan, alias Harvey Curry,
a notorious train-robber, whose capture
cost several lives, had made his escape
from the Knoxville prison. Concerning
this news Pinkerton contributed the fol
lowing Interesting information:
I would have foregone my trip willingly If
I could have rreventMl this fellow from getting
out of Jail. My advices are that be was aided
to eseai>e by the guards. He was mixed up in
two train robberies along the Northern Pacific
and latf-r became involved In the forgery of un
signed currency, a case which is ?till familiar
to all the people of the Northwest. We finally
? „¦•.•¦¦¦.¦•¦' in getting him and had hoped to keep
him bthind bars for some years to come.
Wearing his usual smile and looking the
picture of health. William Pinkerton, who
has been enjoying a four months' vaca
tion in the Orient, returned yesterday on
the belated steamship Peking, and as
fart as a hack could hurry him he hied
himself to the Palace Hotel, scratched
his Fignature upon the register and then
emitted a sigh that told of the satisfac
tion the noted detective experienced in
being again within bell call of all tha
comforts of a modern American hostelry
and within reach of the world's news.
That "Bill" Pinkerton enjoyed his stay
en the China coast no one thoroughly
acquainted with him doubts, for no mat
ter where he goes he finds the ''amusing
side of life, and the trip over to the other
tide was not an exception. This much is
vouched for by his friend, D. H. Moon of
St. Paul, who accompanied him on the
voyage, and others who chanced to be in
the Orient while the detective was there
have attested that Pinkerton was having
a merry time and making many friends
among- the people on that side of the
world. Speaking of his voyage, 3>Ir.
1 'inker ton said:
Numerous Suits for Divorce
Filed by Ill-Mated
Couples.
Big Detective Searches for
the Wretch That Slew
a Good Man.
Alexander O. Richards
Files Wdxm Cross-
Co mplaint.
Pinkerton Returns From
Orient to Hear of
Bad Men's Deeds.
Norine Schneider, Who Was Inveigled Into Union
With Cooper, Alias Chadwick, Convict and King
of Crooks, Falls a Victim to Sly Cupid Again
LOVE'S LOTTERY HAS NO TERROR
FOR SIR HARRY'S FORMER WIFE
THUG'S ESCAPE
ANGERS SLEUTH
SAYS HIS WIFE
DECEIVED HIM
THE SAN .FBANOISCQ.; CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, .1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR^r^r
Bua. Mgr.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— THIS "WEEK ONLY.
Recall After Recall for
WHITE WH1TTLESEY
In the Splendid English Military Comedy,
BROTHER OFFICERS
Evgs.. 25c to 75c: Mat, Thurs.&Sat. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— A Great Revival of
"THE PRISONER OF ZENDA."
YTlth Superb Scenic Effects and MTt. WH1T-
TLESEY aa RUDOLF.
TrVCUCB.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENINO TH13
WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
WANG.
'foe great comic opera with Edwin 6te>
vena in the title role will be sm«nted, Th*
last chance to see the biggest hit of manr
seasons.
THEN TTATCH FOR THE OOMINO OT
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 30c and 73o
Telephone Buah 9. '- - '
THE LUTZ BROTHERS and *
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWEB. !
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS
BABY SEA LION. RECENTLY BORN" AT
THE CHUTES. NOW ON EXHIBITION.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. So.
p-l- rp I D°NT FAIL TO
1 aiaWW ,ee the beautiful
- < COURT Lounjrins-
iflfln room, the EMPIRE
«I"» PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
Ilf/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
uiunu LOR and the
U . i DIES' WRITING
Hotels Ro °^
weekLFcali
16 Pages. $1 per Year
AD V E&TISETVTETrrS.
Weakened My Heart
And Nerves.
QuicKly and Com-
pletely Cured by
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
and Nervine.
If, afiev *n attack of LaGrippe, ronr
strength does not return, yoa cannot sleep,
or rest or eat; if yoa have frequent headaches,
if yoar heart flutters, blood is thin, your cir-
culation poor, you are in more danger than
when stricken with fever and in the deadly
rrasp of frip itself. The after eSects of La-<
tlrippe are terrible. To c iJ ~4 *S*inst its\
dinjers, strengthen the heart with Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure whsch, by enri hiny the blood
and improving its circulation, will cure any
affection of the heart and strenjjthcn it
against further attacks. Tcne np the system
and revitalize the nerves with Dr. Miles'
Nervine, When your perves are in proper
condition, you need never fear the attacks of
LaGrippe or its terrible after effects.
"From mr personal experience with Dr.
Miles' Remedies I always take pleasure in
recommending them to rcy customers. Six
years ago I suffered from a severe cttack of
LaGrippe which left me with a weakened
heart and nervous system. I was weak^run
don*n, frightened at my condition and miser-
able. I used two bottles each of Dr.' Miles'
Restorative Nervine and New Heart Cure
and I was quickly and -completely- cured,
furthermore 1 have never had a return of the
trouble. I am selling vast quantities of vour
medicine, especially the Anti-Pain Pills.
Every customer is thoroughly satisfied with
the results.' 1 — Ectgese Marsh, Druggist, Ft
Scott, Kansas.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Mies* Remedies, l^end for free book
on Nervocs and Heart DiseaoJ Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co.. F/ikluirt. Inl. "
AMUSEMENTS.
" ON&Y MATZKEB SATXTSDAT.
"FULU OF FUN FOR THE AUDIENCES"
-CALL.
SECOND WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT
>SAT3XO2n> AZT2> CAVEB1T
And Our Superb Eastern Company In the Fascl-
nating Musical Eccentricity.
In Central 1
Park I
POPULAR PRICES 25c. BOc and "3c
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT.
America's Greatest Tragedienne,
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
"fledda fabler."
To-morrow NlKht. Saturday and Sundajf
Nights— "THE JEWESS." Saturday Mat-
inee— "MAGDA."
Next — MISS O'NEIL In "ROMEO AND
JULIET.",
Coming — Nelll-Morosco Company. '/?</<'
"Twlrly "WhlrlyV last week — and our patrons
all say
That they ne'er had more fun than while at
this great play,
.But we've something In hand that will meet
the demand,
Two "lch burleques In one! Now, don't that
beat the band?
SEATS
INO1A7 ,
'ON
SALE. .-
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE" and "THE
THREE MUSKETEERS" Combined.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. . -^2'
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARKT
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. J:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY ...2:30 P. M.
SACRAMENTO vs. SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE ' DAMIAN A BITTERS.' THE
Great Mexican Remedy; lives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
AMTTSEMENTa.
MOST POPULAR ENGAGEMENT IN TEARS.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company,
UST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Clyde Fitch's Briliant Play.
"THE CLIMBERS."
LAST TIME SATURDAY NIGHT.
SEATS NOW READY"
For Next Week's Big Production of
AModernMagdalen
To be Presented by
AMELIA BINGH AM
And Her Company.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
MABEL McKINLEY, j
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Houghton and
Mosher; Young and De Voie;
Julian Rose and the Biograph.
Last Tln-.es of THE GREAT HARBECKS:
BARNEY FAGAN and HENRIETTA BYRON
and THE WANG DOODLE COMEDY FOUR.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
' The Universal Favorite.
JAMES CORRIG AN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama,
KIDNAPED
CUE The leap for life from Brooklyn Bridge.
OIL The thrilling conflagration scene.
DDirCC Evenings .....10c to 60c
F KILE J Matinees 10c. 15c. 23c
Monday. July 13— JAMES CORRIG AN In
"MULDQON'S PICNIC."
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Three Kuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and George La Kola; George
W. Moore; George Clifton; Loa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and tho Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 25c, 20c,. 15c,- 10c; Matinees,
20c and 10c! . ¦
- Phone for Seats — South 1022.
THAT AUDACIOUS STORY. "THE SPENDERS," NEXT SUNDAY GALL
ADVEBTI3EMENTS. ; ,
i • *
Bun jflrattriflro Mint look
jgtjirmi TMjjini±^wtg«ags«^T^j ™ The Fashionable
y^==^^^^^^^^^^^= — ___~~^^ Private Address
Rjv —^^n^r ' ' : ' ~ ' ~ • ~~" -_ Directory o I
5f>E^[!ir~i^ZZIlEr " ~~"~~~ :: Tt E=r California now
|j^ij£^gszss5s== . — ~=======~- ~~ - : =-— . Being Compiled
oflBSLSg^^^ — 1 .. "__i M Mr L ijL <- iij. — -•^r^^fnrTfrTriTffifnK*MfEF^ft?Pfflr^""E L *P*^ I Of* Z 1 S ¦ £ ¦ S
tS^BwB^^^S^BSHBa^SMBl^BS^BS BjJBraaEa Containing the
H^>JJS^S^^a>v^K^!g^g^^ri^lff?MWOMKaTSi PHrGJ«iTffll Leading Families
vSsKSSs^sSSS!^^^^$fS^^eKBBm^m^S^^^&^ alphabetically
E^^^^^^^^^JlCTffiijHMllWfflBBB^™^ arranged in groups
S^iiSf^llffifr^i^vJJ^cIbItoI-TtHHE JjLSJ^M3^Hflft?T^H WffiJuH designating •¦¦"-"
SjBSB^^m^BjBibBySlgifiBLTj^BBWKWi^HBBKj-flESiJ^^Bg^^ matron and maid
JEBBBraaflfflnlrllr^^"*'^^" ¦ VmIWJLIi jyMreMJHHH»KaBSS3 and benedict and
B^8BB6^8S8flBBMiHlii»g^l j«a iJLBXIpJI A^Sa/jBKgJIai?gaBg§Si bachelor.
WSK&K^^iiJBBSS^^S^^^fffStfSS^IlJ'^SSiBi^^^^^A San Frcncisco,
'-i v ,*^*-*- •i^E^ftv}SwM*rxJg^y8B^E5fc^^RrWj 9vm^M^BB8HbmWB8BBBBmB Oakland, Alaine-dOf
RiJujT^^iinjiIlTllM^ Berkeley.
BwHBiralHHBaBfflmiMBgL tftrfror^rii^iwii^ww^MmwMW s* n R«faei t
ft7^fl^^^iSiy t Tn ! l^TWfTMtflM Sausalito,Belvedere
SgafaBiflro^iMm^ S«nJose,SanMateo
§^WfflaCflBfHJB3BMBj|lflB|HB3B|BpiB Burlingmne.
Stockton.
R^Lfirf^ •**^^TWj l '. < ffrT l^^M^rSnmMTlllMPiHCvTNfwIBlTTrBSr^iSn^^B^TBTTBr^yTl Santa CfUZ.
gjSSgKJB3*qj|jgB ' Ross Vallev,
Sk$» Ural Los An s e!et »
i»y*^iSW>>a^*JG&^'^ifWlS!yifijyc9B5n5ti^'Tff 7»Hi*'J5j^?r San Diego,
lgij8BB3g|<l|gPf||g|tK Pasadena,
K^^^^S^^^^^^^^IIn^WT^IflKBiMB^SCTSlB^Si^BS§ 80 * Club Depart-
KMn»BBPwEW8B3^BE<^^^<^Hi^^?Tj8BwiraBBpHii3oBBlW^ ment giving Offi-
aK^8aa^^iBilaBM»^KW!^^^I^BMBBBHBMfflH| cers Directors and
MaSliPt^MmiMoS^tgMgaplBHMBBBB^HKSH^BBOlHwMSiiMiB^MM Members, with
a^iaMSS^^I^^^i^&ES&SSI^H^QiSQBSSS^S drcws;p<rrman-nt
HjfflWggBMBHa^awcM^SBaWBBSB^BBBwBiB^liJ^WBM guests of the lead-
reg^^j^l^^^^Pffl^CSnWfi^^JB^Kgl^^SSasawB^MiBSBEH fng hotels; person-
L^^^^^^^^jQ&^EoBftiPropEnEo^BKiEBMH^^^BE^i^jJLgStfflffjK^BnB^^j uei of the press;
»?S5&*gSE?^MiBaggWgKM^^HBi|Bffi diagrams of the
«3g(823raffl^^ theatres; and shop-
1 P in K guide; also
\\±S v'tlj \r^^ff*^5ft^^jSfOysP9reB8lEMJWWtfBfflBBB)BK£^v«^S<8l street and avenue
SfiBiSHMMiMMiB<*SKgfi^^ guide giving car
|yg- ' - is&Vsiiii&iij&iffi line direct to any
i^3lp3E[lj0pK3ftSB^B|Kg^gj^3M|^^^fiyjB^ffiME^BBo^K9^Bi^^^Mff9SSSH^^fe^ desired Dumber,
Price $5.00
Adorcss^all Communications to CHAS. C. HOAG, Puilishcn
320 SANSOMt ST., ROOMS 47 TO 65 - -
« THE E. DVBEATTIE PRINTING CO.
TtLCPHONE MAIN 176O SAN FRANCISCO
AD VERTISEM. IN TS.
9 V^v^LlTTSi.* Y \ \ \\ J X vjgaral X r\ iC I s I I \\ I \ It I (s^£*i
© ' .f.^^u .... ~*^^ crr,^. ...*r*{ n \^^ <^^- J^^QWf* 55^:^^^^ ts^l
fit I M \r^ x r » Y« ¦ t ' - ' Jt^^>"i : **^ \ — ~*^**^ip C^™"^ |V\ Ezs
B3£j»^l»ssssssssB^»sssssssC^fi^^slBw3P8»sB»E f ViX^'^ln J^»ssssssrTP^ff^H»ssssssB»sss»sssF^r^r**^^*^™^^^^^
i NO DRINKING MAN
• Can afford to keep on drinking, going from bad to worse, when a positive
S and permanent cure for the liquor habit and all its bad effects on the system
| /is within the reach of all. The wonderful success of Dr. 'McKanna's treat-
© ment is known throughout the entire West, and in every community there
S are men who can vouch for its value from their own personal experience.
9
% Dr. McKanna's Treatment is the only treatment known to
| science that will accomplish a complete cure of the liquor
| habit in all its stages. This is an established fact that is
| proven by the records of the McKanna treatment compared
• with the so-called cures. Dr. McKanna's treatment also does
• its work without the slightest bad after-effects ! Others have
% attempted to imitate Dr. McKanna's famous treatment for the
| liquor habit, but'not one of them can' show more than a few
( g months' existence. Time alone can demonstrate the efficacy
© of a liquor cure. Dr. McKanna's treatment is the only one .
S that has stood the test of time.
S THE ORIGINAL NON-HYPODERMIC TREATMENT.
g • ESTABLISHED 13 YEARS.
I 11,000 OXJPJ.H3ID.
1 IX CURES XO STAY CURED.
S For Further Information Call or Write. Address all Mail
g 14 GEARY STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
© TEL. MAIN 1O37. OPEN, DAY AND NIGHT AND ALL DAY SUNDAYS.
g CHICAGO, ILL., 182 Dearborn St. KANSAS CITY, Mo., Cor. 11th and McGee Sts. OKLAHOMA CITY, 0. T., 2000 W. 9th Si
9ie 9 QQQ99Qe>0G9G9QQQG0Q00e%9090GQ99Q9Qe9t9€)99*09990099Q*0Q*t9W9*tSACRAMENTO. July 8. — Governor Pardee
to-day appointed John p. Murphy to be a
Harbor Commissioner for the port of Eureka,
vice self, term expired.
MANCHESTER, England. July 8.— The
Philadelphia cricketers beat the Lanca
shire eleven to-day by nine wickets. The
score was 113 for one wicket down in the
visitdrs' second inning.
England Again Loses to America.
Brennan i 104, King Crane 104, San Remo 08.
Monochord 103, High Wind 100, Sailor Knot
106. Tomcod 102.
Second race, six furlongs — Rosetlnt 111.
Mamie Worth ' 101, Faulcon Bridge 106.- Right
Cross 101, . Counterpoise 10.1. Stamping Oround
SO, 1 John A. Scott 100. Shotgun 107. Cappamore
96. Navasota 96. Gravlna 101, Adoia 07, Tarn
O'Shanter 9S, St. Daniel 100. Squid OS.
Third race, alx furlong9, two-year-olds,
handicap— Jocund 126, ¦ Pentaur 123/ Jim Kelly
121.; Nlnepln 117. Monadnock 115.
: Fourth - race, i mile and one eighth, Seagate
stakes — Fire Eater 116. River Pirate 126. Rlg
odon 121, I?r. Saylor 121. Tugal Bey 11«, Colon-
Bay 118, Mackey Dwyer 118. Proper 118.
- Fifth race,' mile and one sixteenth, selling —
Damon ¦ 104, Alslke 08, Courtenay 106, Bar Le
Due 107. Neither One 101, All Souls 100. Cln
clnnatus 80, Klolm 101. Rocky 112. Me Wil
liams 105. Bob Hilllard 101. Nettle Regent
101; -. El Mldo 107. • Arden > - lOfl, " Postmaster
Bailey .103. Dark . Planet - 104. Sir Florian 1O9. 
\ Sixth. race, mile and one sixteenth, maidens
— Aminte ¦' 105, Cardinal Woolsey ¦ 107, Sentinel
107. Irascible 110, • Vartray 107. • Jola 105, . Dun
irannon 110. East Kelston 107.. Medal 109, Wye
field 107. Spring • Silk 110. Wtlllamstead 110,
King Post i 107. Sir Kllerslle 107. White Crest
107. Lord Sterling 107. Polite 107. •
1 Weather clear; . track fast. ¦
BRIGHTON BE ACH SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Flrwt Rnce— — Affnes Brennan, Tom
Cod, Short Cake. . *".
Second Itnce— Shntaan, Roaetint,
Mamie Worth.
Third Race — Pen tan r, Jim Kelly.
JocdikI. : . ¦ . . ¦ , . *
Fourth Race— -Proper, Fire Eater,
Maekey Dwyer. - .
Fifth, Rare—Nettle Rcffent, Sir
Florian/ McWilliamn.
Sixth Itnce Irascible, William.
¦tead, Wyefleld..' '.
Grand Army Veteran Makes Violent
End of Stormy Matri
monial Career.
BOISE, Idaho. July 8.— John Mitchell, a
Grand Army veteran and a member of
the Legislature during the famous Shoup-
Sweet Senatorial flght, to-day shot and
severely wounded his wife, fired a shot
at Henry Shilling, who, attracted by Airs.
Mitchell's - screams, interfered in an at
tempt; to save her life, and then, locking
himself in his room, sent a bullet into
his 'own brain. The Mitchells had had
numerous quarrels over their property
and separated 'once, but had become re
united.' The shooting seems to have been
carefully planned by Mitchell. He came
to Boise. from Aspen, Colo., and had been
recently engaged In mining. .
JAMKSTOWN. N. Y., July 8.— The Walde
.mar Hotel at Lakewood suffered $10,000 dam
age by fire to-day.
COMMITS SUICIDE AFTER
SEVERELY WOUNDING WIFE
Mr. Price completed the booking for
Florence Roberts, who will play thirty
weeks on tour, after her September en
gagement at the Alcazar. He also com
pleted the route for "The Dairy Farm." a
rustic play which ran for three years
without closing In the East, but has
never been seen west of Denver. It will
have a very elaborate scenic production
and a. cast of twenty-five people. Then.
T. Rook. Tony West and Helen Hartley,
who were identified with the Eastern
success of the play, will be brought on
from Xew York. H. D. Byers. now at
the Alcazar, will play the Squire, anil
the other people wilt be selected from
the many clever players now on the
coast.
E. D. Price has returned from a fly
ing: trip to the East in the Interest of
the Belasco & Mayer theatrical enter
prises. During his three weeks* ab
sence he visited New York, Philadel
phia. Rochester and Chicago, engaging
numerous new people to open at the Al
cazar in October and securing the pick
of plays for that house and the Central.
"There is absolutely nothing In the
market worth having that we have not
arranged fo^r." says Mr. Price, "includ
ing numerous high-class plays not yet
presented in stock. We have material for
another twelve months' requirements,
but everything new that appeals to our
audiences will be added."
Price Finds Suitable Stars and At
tractions in the East.
SECURES NEW PLAYERS.
Second race, six furlongs — Sidney C. Love
112. Americano 112, First Chip 112. Birch
Broom 112, J. Sidney Walker 112, Bardolph
112, Orfeo 109, Mary McCafferty 107. Crisis
107.
Third race, mile and one eighth, midway
selling stakes— Hargis. 111. Rolling Boer 108.
Vincennes 10.". The Conqueror II 1(W, John
McGurk 100. Schwalb*. 9V. Gold Bell 9J, Cap
tain Arnold SH. ¦ .
Fourth race, one mile. handicap— Epicure
105. Bragg 102. Jack Ratlin 101, Huzzah 100,
Elsie L. 88. Monsieur Beaucaire 92.
Fifth race, nve furlongs, wiling — Sweetie
105. William Wright 102, Salto 97, Handsome
Florry 95, Sauerkraut 95, My Jane 95. Honest
John -04, Speneerlan 91, Carmellta 91, Susie
Christian 91. Nettie Dutchman 1»1, Darro SO,
Miss Nellie 88. Nannie Hodge 8$.
Sixth race, one mile, celling — Silk Cord 110,
Urchin 105. Moablna 105, Felix Bard 105.
Kuna Ittl. Ontonagon 103, Alice Dougherty
10a. Father Wentker lftt. Aline Abbott 10K.
Avoid 100. Bluemint 98. Evelyn Byrd 98, Fair
Lady Anna 90, Marlin 89.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
AVASHIXGTOX PARK SELECTIOXS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flrat Race— Hot, Mar)- Glenn,
neat .Man.
Second Race— —Sidney C. I.ove.
Mary McCafferty. Orfeo.
Third Race— -HarifU, John Mc-
Gnrk, VIncennea.
fourth Race— Hnzzah, Epicure,
Jade Ratlin.
Fifth Race — Ilandaome Florry,
Nannie Hodffr, Sweetie.
Sixth Race Felix Hard. Silk Cord,
Blnemint. .
First race, mile, selling — Marcos 100, Slap
Dash 105 LatEon 105, Bard of Avon 105, Kd
Adack 103. Lady Chorinter 103, Hot 103, Zella
Knight 101. Best Man fl*<. Mr. Timberlake 9tf,
Fullback 9:t, Mary Glenn 91, Anna Beall 88,
Mezzo 85.
CHICAGO, July 8. — Washington Park's en
tries for Thursday are:
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
Cleveland 3 5 2
Philadelphia ...; 4 8 1
Batteries — Moore and Abbott; Bender and
Schreck.
R. H. E.
Washington & M 1
Detroit " 8 2
Batteries — Patten and Klttred*?; Deerlng.
Kltson an<* McGuire.
NEW YORK, July S. — In spite of poor work
by his supporters Sudhoff won bis game
against New York to-day. With psrfect field
ing back of him he would have been credited
with a shutout. Chesbro was hit bard. At
tendance, 1900. Score:
St. Louis • • • *• '¦' •¦
New York 1 •> 3
Batteries— Sudhoff and Kahoe: Chesbro and
O'Connor.
BOSTON. July 8.— Boston defeated Chicago
to-day, making the game one sided on a com
bination of long hits and errors In the fourth.
Altrock. formerly of Boston, also lared ill In
the seventh at the, bands of hla former team
mates. Attendance, 4500. Score:
chie-go •:::::::::::::::::::::¦:::::. 4 I
Batteries— Winter and CrUer: Aitrock and
McFarland.
PHILADELPHIA, July 8.— Errors by Brad
ley and Hlckman in the eighth inning permit
ted the locals to tie the score. A clcuble and
a single In the ninth gave the champions the
game. Moore and Bender were both In fine
form. Attendance, 45C0. Score: .,';,
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. July 8.— Patten's eight
bases on balls, with a. hit at the proper time,
gave to-day's game to Detroit. Deering was
batted out of the box In the first Inning. At
tendance, i:'.00. Score:
Pittsburg Scores Five to a Brooklyn
Cipher and. Boston Loses
to Cincinnati.
NATI»NAL LEAOL'E.
PITTSBURG, July 8. — Kennedy's work In
the box, at the bat and on the basea was the
feature of the game. Ills support was gilt
edged and only one Brooklyn man eot as far
aa second base. Attendance, 2580. Score:
R. H. E.
PltUburg S 9 0
Brooklyn ° 2 2
Batteries — Kennedy and Smith; Schmidt and
Rltter. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI, O.. July 8.— Cincinnati won
from Boston to-day when* the game seemed
hopelessly lost. Wllles was taken out of the
box at the' end of the seventh inninr. Plt
tlnger waa substituted In the eljrhth and
enough runs were scored off his delivery to
win. Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. II. E.
Clnclnnatl 8 15 1
Boston 6 11 1
Batteries— Phillips and Bergen: Willes and
Morau. Umpires — Moran and Holliday.
ST. LOl'IS. July 8. — The New York team
defeated the locals to-day In rather easy fash-
Ion, winning all the way. Both pitchers. Mc-
Ginnlty and Murphy, were hit harrl, but the
former was welt supported In the field, while
the home team bunched six costly eriors. At
tendance, 1300. Score:
R. H. E.
St Louis k » 8 «
New York 10 9 0
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; McGlnnlty and
Boiverman. Umpire — Emslle.
CHICAGO. July. 3. — Chicago won to-day by
hitting after Frazer's passes and his team's
errors had placed men on baser. Kilns was
eaMly the star, catching a perfect game and
pounding out three doubles. Attendance, 110O.
SC ° re: ' R. H. E.
Chicago 7 10 3
Philadelphia 5 8 3
Batti-rles — Weirner and-Lundgren and Kling;
Frazer and Dooln and Roth. Umpire — O'Day.
KENNEDY FURNISHES ALL
FEATURES OF THE GAME
SIXTH RACE: — Mile and seventy yards,
Bellins:
Bettlug. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Pin.
7 to 1— iKilmorie, 94 (S. Bonner). 5 3 1 1*4
20 to 1— Lou Woods, 10- (J.Bookr) 7 6 2 1
(i to 1— Hindi, 95 (Helgesen) 2 4 3 h
Time, 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Pugh's ch. g. by Kantaka-Race
meade. Pirat* 100, Alee 104, C. B. Campbell
104. Lord Touchwood 94 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin..
.S to 5— Toah 10C (Adklnn) 4 1 In
10 to 1— Hoodwink. 1*8 (J.Booker). 3 4 2 2
7 to 2— Beau Ormonde, 109 (Hnry) 2 2 3 2
Time, 1:38 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, P. Dunne's ch. g. by Basaetlaw-
Modetay. Bondage 9.J, Nitrate 100, I'aul Wha
ley 10-, Macy 11- alpo ran.
FOURTH RACE— Or.e and a sixteenth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % F!n.
5 to 1— Bragg, 107 (Knapp) ti 0 1 2
8 to 1— Henry Bert, 108 (Knight) 4 3 2 3
8 to 1— Federal, 100 (Kobbins)... 1 1 3 nk
Time, 1 :45 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. Curl's b. c. by Slddartha-Canta
trlce. Esherin 02. The Giver 102, Waswlft 110.
tiioux Chief HO also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five . furlongs, Maywood
stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
t» to I'— Flo Bob. 118 (WondertyT 5 5 1 nk
8 to 1— Pr Slvrwlngs, 121 (Adkns) 4 6 2 1
5 to 1— Auditor, 118 (Helgesen).. 3 3 3 nk
Time, 1:00 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. H. Tichenor & Co.'s b. c. by Flor
ist or Bob Mites-Gold Bird. Fred Leppert 121.
Don Domo 115, Lontdale 121, Sanctum 118.
Foncasta JKS. Silk \.?Id 115. Battn 1.1 also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Mile and seventy yards,
selllns:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to !>— Lampoon, 9J (H. Phillips) 3 ¦ 4 1 nk
8 to 1— Het. 107 (Henderson) 2 5 2 1
5. to .—Fading Light, 97 (Adkins) 16 3 4
Time, 1:45. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. 8. Brown's ch. f.,by I_impllghter-
Mona. Banana Cream 87, Kentucky Cardinal
U-, El Ghor lili. Double O 89 also ran.
CHICAGO. July 8.— Flo Bob won the
Maywood stakes at Washington Park to
day,' defeating Prince Silverwings by a
short neck right at the wire. Bob was
always favorite at 9 to 2, and: while he
was backed considerably the big play on
the other starters kept his odds at good
length. The track was still fast, the
weather hot and a large crowd witnessed
the racing. Summary:
FIRST RACK— Five and a. half furlongs,
selling:
Betting. Horae, Weight. Jockey. St! 94 Fin.
4 to 1— Aggie Lewis. 100 (Hlgsen) 1 1 1 l'/i
8 to l—Cainlarid 107 (Henry)... 6 6 2 1
8 to 5— Cognomen, 106 (Adklns).. 2 6 3 3VS
Time. l:0tf 3-5. Start good. - Won easily.
Winner, S. K. Brown's b. f. by Pirate of Pen
zance-Clcely. Banwell 103, Ralph Young 10.'!,
Llstaway 105, Tom Mankins 104 also ran.'
Special DUpatch to The Call.
The three Kuhns, novelty musicians;
Marion George, a violin soloist; Krafft
and Daly, singing and dancing comedians,
and other people of note, are pleasing
large audiences at Grauman's Theater
this week. A matinee is given every day
at this popular house.
The Lutz Brother.-, aptly styled the
"Twentieth Century Marvels '; Evans and
St. John, the "effervescent pair." and
other clever specialty people are pleasing
the Chutes patrons this week. To-night,
after the regular performance, the ama
teurs will appear.
Thl3 Is the last week of the great
"Twirly Whirly" at Flscher'a Theater
and the house has been packed to its ut
most capacity at every performance. Ex
tensive preparations are being made for
the new double bill. "Under the Red
Globe" and "The Three Musketeers," on
next Monday night.
"Kidnaped." one of the most sensa
tional of modern melodramas. Is enjoying:
its share of popularity at the Central
Theater this week. Next week Cbrrigan
will close his engagement at the Central
in the farce comedy, "Muldoon's Picnic."
The Orpheum 13 doing a banner busi
ness, this week's bill being the best of
fered at the home of vaudeville for sev
eral months. Mabel McKinley, the
American soprano, has achieved a dis
tinct success for her professional debut
and she sings three and four songs at
every performance.
"Brother Officers." the play offered at
the Alcazar Theater this week, is cer
tainly one of the most entertaining pro
ductions ever put on at the CFarrell
street playhouse. Xext week Anthony
Hope's great play, "The Prisoner of
Zenda." will be put on.
The revival of "Wang" at the TTvoll
Opera-house has been Quite an event in
theatrical circles and the old favorite is.
If anything, even more popular than ever.
"In Central Park" Is now well on Its
second week at the Grand Opera-honse
and still the crowds come to hear the
catchy songs and see the famous chorus
In action.
• • •
"A Modern Magdalen" has been select
ed by M!~s Amelia BIngham as the second
offering of her season at the Columbia
Theater. Eight performances of this
powerful play by Iladdon Chambers,
which ran for three taunared nights in
New York, will be ulven next week, a-T
owing to general demand, a Wednesday
matinee has been added to the perform
ances previously scheduled. Miss BIng
ham will continue to appear In "The
Climbers" this week up to and Including
Saturday night.
The Nance O'Nell season at the Califor
nia Theater has proved Itself to be one
of the most successful of Its kind. For
the first time during her present engage
ment Miss CNeil will appear to-night in
"Hedda Gabler." one of Ibaen's master
pieces. Next Monday night Miss O'Nell
will appear for the first time on an Amer
ican stare In "Romeo and Juliet."
NEW YORK. July 8.— Over a leeward
and windward course of thirty miles,
starting at Sandy Hook Lightship in a
rattling breeze,* the Shamrock III to-day
beat the Shamrock I only four minutes
and nine seconds.
If the figures Hold the whole story the
cup might be safe, buf they are decep
tive. It is apparent that Designer Fife
and Sir Thomas Lipton are experiment-
Ing with the new boat and that changes
are made daily in her ballast and trim
to discover the effect upon her upeed.
On Monday, in the windward work, she
simply outclassed her trial horse. To
day she covered the fifteen miles to the
windward only two minutes and fifty-nine
seconds faster than the Shamrock I. Her
ballast had been moved aft with the re
sult that she could not point so high,
though It did not affect her footing abil
ity.
Heavy Betting on the Fea
ture Event at Wash
ington Park.
"In Central Park" Continues
to Draw Well at Grand
Opera-House.
Race No Criterion, However,
as Lipton Is Only Ex
perimenting.
"A Modern Magdalen"
Soon to Be Seen
at Columbia.
Shamrock III Beats Her
i Trial Boat by Nar
row Margin.
Prince Silverwings a
Neck Away at the
MAYWOOD STAKES
WON BY FLO BOB
LESS THAN THREE
MINUTES FASTER
NANCE O'NEIL
IN NEW ROLES
THIRTY-TO-ONE
SHOT IN FRONT
Fickle Saint Lives Up
to Her Name at s
Delmar.
Favorites and Outsiders Di
vide the Day's Rac
ing Honors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. IX)UIS, July 8.— The races at Del
mar Park to-day were of the ordinary
kind, presenting no noteworthy features.
Three favorites won. In the fifth race
Fickle Saint, always as good as 30 to 1,
won in a driving finish by a neck from
Algaretta, which was "held at 12 to 1.
Tokalon, a 1j to 1 shot, won the first
race. Summary:
FIRST RACK— Five furlong*, selling.
Betting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Tokalon. 110 (HIggin?). . : . 4 11 15
2tol— Kegina D, 110 (Hledel).... 0 0 2 nk
y to 2— Pinky H, 105 (P. Smith)... 2 4 3 3
Time, 1 :02>i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner U. W. Scott & Co.'s b. f. by Tammany-
Knld. Sextette 105, Ophelia Martin 107, Anna
Hardy 110, Sue W 10ft also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Plrateer. 107 (K. Smith) 4 4 1 nk
8 to 1— Mayor Graham, 100 (Bell).. 1 2 2 lit
7 to 1 — Klngro.oe; 10« (Higglns) 8 0 3n
Time, 1:16H: Start good. Won driving.
Winner. II. Z. Dearman'is br. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Makehas<te. Tanget 11-. Jake 112,
Prince Eugene 107 Sardian 107, Novelist 112,
Ranchman 107, Ed Bishop 107, Uneedher 107
also ran.
THIRD RACK— Mile and 20 yards, selling-.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
3 to _ — Murmur. 01 (Higgins) 8 2 1 l'i
5 to 1— Gasllghter, 82 (H. Booker) « ti 2 11
15 to 1— Venus Victrlx, 'J2 (Plunktt) 1 1 3 Vi
Time, l:44Vi. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, A. Pfzzl's b. f. by St. Florlan-Mollie
Pitcher. The Fiddler 97, Helen Hay SKI, Lynch
»5. Professor Neville 107, Kentucky Muddle 9.1,
Mae Miller B8, Daddy Bender !><» also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
«tou — Forehand, 105 (Brldwell).. 5 + 12
15 to 1 — Check Morgan. 107 (Bell).. 3 3 2 1»A
5 to 2— Fenian. 107 (Troxler) 1 2 3 nk
Time, 1:17. Start perfect. Won easily. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & «'o.'s ch. c. by Handsel-
Foreseen. Jehan 107, Wigwam 105, 'Athena 102,
Knlgnm H.2 uIho ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs, sell
ins-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
30 to 1— Fickle Saint, 100 (Bell)... 1 2 1 nk
12 to 1— Algaretta. 1US (Shea) 2 1 2 nk
KtoG — dales. 111 (Troxler) 4 7 3 8
Time, 1:23%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, K. B. Orr's br. m. by St. Floiian-Falth
less. The Buffoon 111. Weird 111. Mike Strauts
lit*. I'na Price 111. Wild Katie 101), Miss West
102, Reducer 111 also ran.
SIXTH RACK— Mile and 20 jards, selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Kin.
7 to 1 — 1 Know, 10<I (Louden) B 2 1 3
(5 to 1— Kugenia S. 97 (Gullett) 1 1 2 nk
8 to 1 — Lasso. 10O (C. Bonner) 2 3 3 5
Time. 1:441$. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. B. Burnell'a ch.- m. by St. Charles-As
plstance. Ida Penrance 102, Canyon US. VIrgle
d'Or 104, Oudcnarde 104, Dawson 100,- Luna 107
also ran.
DELMAB ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. July 8.— Delmar's entries for
Thursday are:
• Iflr$t j-ace, seven furlongs, selling — Edna
Lowe Ml, iMitotz JOT. Jeane B«-ckham Ul. Lady
Obey 100. Siphon 102, Certain 104. Great Star
100. Lillie Long 101. Farqulta 100. Hattie
Davis 95. legation «5, Pamplona 100. •
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Morris
Volmer HK1, Impetuous 9G. Maghonl 01, Dr
Clark 104, Axsrea 111. Also Ran MI 101,
Ctiic-Bsha &U, Custus 09, Lord Neville 10.*.
Countess Clara 102, Henry of Franstamar
110. Jerry Hunt 110.
Third race, live furlongs. Felling— Ache 05.
Ocyrohe .10.'«, . Dr. Cartledge «S. Perla 102, J.
W. o'Nelll 10«j, Mag Noiln 110. Hugh Mc-
Gowan 100, Atlas 1>5, Matt Wadlelgh 108 1m
boden IOC. Kilo 10O.
Fcurth race, six furlongs. July rolling stake
— Scorpio 114, Croix D'Or 101, Santa Ventura
101. Evoa G. 04, Bridge 90, Helen Print 08
Frank Bell 113, Hllee 103.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards han
dicap — Kenova W>. Pourquol Pas M, Jack
Young 10.1. Kansas Lily 92. De Reszke 102.
Sixth rape, one mile and an eighth, selling
Gin Spray 102, The Messenger 103. Baronet
100. Ida Penzance i»3, Never Such !M, Pathos
03. Hand*plnnr>r 102.
Weather clear; track good.
DELMAU SELECTIONS.
(By the Xew York TelegTaph.)
Flrnt Knee — Certain, Pnniploon.
Slphou.
Second Race — Dr. Clark, CaMaii,
ImpetuoDN.
Third Racr — Dr. Cartledfte, Mac
.Volln, Kilo.
Fourth n«ce— Evco G, Scornlo.
Frank Hell.
Ftftli Race— .Jack V«mr>n, Kenova
De Re-zke.
Sixth Rare—The Messenger,. p a .
thox. llandnptnner.
GRAIN MEN TURN
M'NEAR DOWN
Drop His Name Alone
When' Nominating
Directors.
The grain men in the Merchants' Ex
change, outside of the old "big four,"
have turned down George McNear as di
rector of the Exchange. He still occupies
the position of director and is also presi
dent of, the Exchange, out he will not be
re-elected to either position, according to
the present outlook. The by-laws of the
Exchange provide that the president must
be a member of the board of directors.
The committee on nominations, selected
by .the Exchange to name a ticket for
directors for the new term, has brought
in a list which includes the name of every
director now in office, with the exception
of, George W. McNear. To supply the
vacancy caused by this omission the
name of Fairfax Wheelan has been re
ported by the committee.
The nominating committee consists of
Harvey C. Somcrs, W. E. Mighell, H. Sin
sheimer, T. Kruse, E. R. Lilienthal, Si
mon Newman and W. H. Talbot. ¦ Their
action has caused an immense sensation
in the commercial circles of San Fran
cisco, George W. McNear being the great-'
eat grain man in the State. What more
than anything else gives significance to
the move of the grain men to down Mc-
Near is the fact that under his adminis
tration the erection of the great structure
that is to stand on . Calif ornia and Leides
dorff streets to, house the Exchange was
begun. He is not to be permitted to! be,
the presiding of the Exchange'
while it Is being constructed. •
A story has been given currency that
the new board of directors ; of the Ex
change is pledged to r a new policy con
cerning warehousing of grain. There is
nothing to this. The board nominated, as
already stated, is the present one with one
exception. Independent grain, men are
bitter against McNear on account of the
work of the "big four," to which he* was
a party and this is the motive 1 , they say,
that has caused them' tc ¦: retaliate ; at the
first possible i oportunity. ,
TIFFIN, O.. July.8— Warren Noble." one of
the Civil War Congressmen, dropped dead of
heart disease to-day, aged 85 years.
CALIFORNIA COLT WINS THE BRIGHTON HANDICAP AND BREAKS WORLD'S RECORD
FLEET HOUNDS
WILL COMPETE
WHALEN BUS
THE SENATORS
Five Scattered Hits
Result of Their
Efforts.
Splendid Card Arranged
for Reopening of
Union Park.
Sixty-Four Fast Dogs Are
Billed for Next Sun
day's Events.
Uncle's Tossers Find Thomas
in Two Innings and
Roll Up Four.
Union Coursing Park will open in a
blaze of glory on next Sunday, after be
ing Idle for several weeks, owing to lack
of proper train service. The drawing for
the event was held last night in Pythian
Castle and eome of the fleetest dogs in
the State are due to run in the rich
stake, which consists of sixtv-four en
tries.
The followers of the game will receive
the good news of the opening of the park
with delight. A record-breaking crowd
is exuected to be in attendance on Sun
day to celebrate th« event. .All the old
favorite greyhounds, who have run po
many good courses on the park, will be
seen in action, together with a number
of youngsters, many of which are said to
be excedingly clever coursers. Sixty-four
dogs will run.
Two ssecial trains will be run to the
park, one leaving at 10:15 a. m. and the
other at 1 p. m. Judge Grace will occupy
his old place in the saddle and his son
will do the slipping. The following are
the entries:
J. Sweeny's Real Article vs. E. Baumlster's
St. Conn: SI. Valentine's Humming Bird vs.
AV. Koth's Kellle R; T. Reilly's Lady Gren
ard vs. T. Doyle's Liberator; A. Curtis' Rec
tor vs. E. Reddy's Full Moon: P. Rellly's
Wattle* vs. C. Bonmr's Ben Porter: J. Free
man'* Reno vs. J. Carrol's Lady Menlo: A.
Curtis' Golden Light vs. G. I^acy Crawford's
Lord Bra2en; A. Backer's' Kontenoy vs. J.
Malony's Topsy Turvy; W. Kocher's Dear
Oaston vs. N. Fahy's Slskiyou; T. Burke's
Aggie W vs. J. Sweeny's Ragged Actor; W.
Kocher's Yankee Boy vs. J. Dennis' Master
Rocket: T. liurke's John Heenan vs. W, Caw
fleld's Tom Savers; J. Carrol's Cascade vs. "F.
McComb's Queen's Motto: J. Sweeny's Reck
less Acrobat vs. J. Carrol's Medley; F. Mc-
Comb's Ffrm Fellow vs. F. McComb's Mount
Row: H. Talbot's Concord Boy vs. E. Geary's
Fenll; T. Fulart's Meddlesome vs. J. Connell'*
Otto; F. Shulx's Special vs. \V. Kocher's Boots;
J. Dean's Vina v*. E. Scott's Ramoan; Ala
meda Kennels' Lilac vs. F. Quartz's Tobasco
Bob; A. Curtis' Flaunt vs. H. Maharry's Money
Mu»k; J. Wendt's Toronto vs. Q. Lacy Craw
ford's Viking; \V. Cawfleld's Gay City v». W.
Roth's Silver Heels; C. Welder ¦ Butte City vs.
D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy; C. Peterson'* Sil
ver Cloud vs. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy; C. Gris
wold's Miamigo vs. M. Valentine's Prairie
Maid: A. Curtis' Charta vs. P. Rellly's Lord
Granard: E. Geary's Palo Alto ve. W. Roth's
Mickey Free: J. Shea's Shadow v*. V. Noble's
Manhattan King; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey
vs. C. Peterson's Hap Hazard; G. Lacy Craw
ford's Dom Pedro vs. J. Dennis" Renegade
Apache; G. Nethereott's Barge vs. J. Shc-st's
Modest Beauty.
STOVDINO OF THE CLUES.
(Pacific Coast JVajcue.)
W-L-P-ct.) W.I-P'ct.
_M Angeles. 5T 2) .663 Oakland 41 65 .427
Sacramento .53 35 .002 Seattle 31 62 .873
£aa Fran ..52 40 .DCS Portland ....-> 52 .850
Jimmy Wbtilen shone brightly yesterday
afternoon all through the struggle at
Recreation Park. He had the Senators
tightly tucked away just where he want
'?"d them In every inning and of course
they never had a chance to get even a
man over the rubber. The locals in the
meantime worked well with the club and
managed by artful doings to accumulate
four.
The day was mean and cold, but that
did not stop the «'nthusiai?m of the crowd.
As *oon as the fun commenced there was
rooting In plenty. Many exciting plays
were rulled off at about the right time
and all of the*=e the crowd enjoyed.
The home team showed quite a reversal
of form as compared with the showing
they made at Oakland on Tuesday. Every
man on the team was full of ginger and
In the game during each moment of its
course. On the bases they were fast, with
the club they showed fine form and in
the field only one error was committed
and as it was not costly nobody seemed to
notice it much.
The run business was slack for four
innings and a half. In the fifth the first
one was made. Lynch was given a chance
on an error by Doyle. The next two men
went out easily, but Whalen and Shay
rot passes, filling up the sacks. Then
Pat Meany came through with the right
kind of a wallop past short and this
brought Lynch In.
The big tenstrike of the game happened
In the eighth. Then it was that Thomas
got a beating and three runs were the
result. A few errors helped it along. The
Senators made several hard tries to save
themselves from a shutout, but to no pur
pose. The score:
San f 7f, nrIscr >— f Sacramento—
r». AB R. II. p. A. Hilbrd.lf 4 0 0 3 0
{hay. «=.. 3 o « 4 5 DoyKef 4 O o "
aicjuiy.rf 4 1 :{ o « MLgn.rf. :t o 1 i J
lrwin.Sb. 3 0 O 1 0 Twnsd.lb 3 0 11- 1
Leahy.c. 4 10 2 1 Egan.s.. 4 0 0 '' H
PabstJb 4 1 3 14 2 1'asey. 2b3 0 116
Lvnch.lf 3 12 2 0 Shehn.Sb 3 « 1 1 •>
Knjg.cf . 3 0 O 2 « Orahm. c 4 0 0 1 1
}l'2 rr ?- )3 « « « 1 5 Thoms.p. 3 o l o a
l\ halen.p 2 O O 1 5' I
Total. 53 7 -iwiil T ° Ul831 ° 32 *»
RUNS AND HITS BT IXJCIXGS.
Eacranienta o 0 O 0 O O O O 0—0
tan Franrim> 0 0 « 0 1 o o 3 •— 4
Dase hits l 1 0 U 1 2 0 3 •— s
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases-MrLauehlin (2). Whalen
Sl^;-w,T OWn ?T n , d ' Lynch - Hlldebrand. e£
TvTtoS hit£!}5 a "- , iIcL t U8hlln ' Thomas.
r ™ h^ hits— Casey. Lynch. Sucriflce hit*
—Lynch. Krug, Townwni, Irwln First
base on errors-San Franci^o T Sacra-
Wh«\°*n i l >r^L base on caIle<1 ball.- Off
Vlhalen J eff Thomas 2. Left on bales—
|££SSS fcSSESi* ofSV^r
CRIPPLES DEFEAT SEATTLE
Dr. Moskiman's Pitching Proves Too
Much for Northern Team.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Julv S — In a looser
£? Hl.ttle^ne^s'ec!
***** 100 00Jioi_$ " E fl
Oakland I O 1 O O 2 1 O 2- • ? ],, «
.nd a i^hmai; S ' II1Ple *"* W '" !On:
*hiei<J»- poor work in the first inning *?ter
Shields rr-tir-d and Kos^l took W 8 Xce'
Knstal put up a fine pame and h s sunnori
»•«* perfect. Hall kept the locals «"5?'n«
until the seventh Inning, when Nadfau and
Andf-rson each touched him for two baps
Dillon and Hess were both hurt and had to
leave the diamond. Score: t0
Los Angeles ..3000I0O1 0—$ E o
Tortland 00000020 0— 2 ti i
Batteries— Hun and Hurlburt- Shields Ko«
UlI. Hess and Shea. Umpire—Levy. ' S "
SEATTLE FAILS TO SCORE
McClosky's Men Bunch Their Hits
and Bat in Three Runs.
STANDING OF THE CLCBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W.L.P'ct.1 W.L.P'ct.
Butte 4ii 2ti .6:W San Fran ...39 3« .514
Los Angeles .43 29 .608 Tacoma 30 42 .417
Spokane 4131 .569 Salt Lake... 3 5 .375
Seattle 39 33 .542 Helena 25 44 .362
SEATTLE. Wash., July 8.— Both pitchers
were in tine form to-day and the fielding was
fast and clean. San Francisco won because
their hits were more timely than those of the
locals. The score — R. II. E.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 5 1
fcan Francisco 0 00120000—3 7 2
Batteries — Hlckey and Stanley; Leltman and
Zearfocs.
SALT LAKE. Utah.. July &— The locals got
Fix nms in the tirst inning to-day on two
bases on balls, four hits and an error. Putt
man was easy for Grim'o team and Helena
n»>ver had a chance to win. Attendance, 50O.
Score— R. II. E.
Salt Lake . C 3 002102 x— 14 17 ' Z
Helena 0212 0020 1—8 10 h
Batteries— Mi'.ler and Shea; Puttman and
Carisrh. Umpire — Ccglan.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 8. — Butte lost to Los
Angeles to-day through a succession of errors
and heavy hitting. Thomas was batted out
of the box and was replaced by Kelly. The
Butte twirlorB were touched up for nlnetetn
hits. Attendance, *00. Score —
R. II. K.
Butte 00300000 0— 3 10 5
Los Angeles 014 01412 0—13 18 2
Batteries — Thomas. Kelly and Swindells;
Stricklett 'and Hardy. Umpire — Warner.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8. — Despite the fact
that it took eleven Innings to locate the win
ner, to-day's game was an exhibition that a
bunch of schoolboys on a town lot might well
be ashamed of. It was amusing sport, but
very poor baseball. Spokane tied the score
in the ninth and won in the eleventh through
Ferris' single, followed by Klopf's two-bagger
with two out. Hulseman singled and Spo
kane might have had another run, but Klopf
was too busy running to touch the - sack
151ewltt'« support was a good deal woret than
the error column shows. Attendance. 800.
Score— R. H. E.
Spokane 02002000 3 0 1 — X 17 7
Tacoma .11000041000—7 9 3
Bstteries — Slagle, Carney and Zaluskey;
Blewitt and Byerj. Umpire — Mahaffey.
MASSACHUSETTS IS SAFE
AT THE AZORE ISLANDS
No Foundation for the Report That
the Battleship Had Met
With Disaster.
HORTA, Azore Islands, July s._ "The
United States battleship Massachusetts
and the converted yacht Mayflower,
accompanied by the colliers Caesar, Sterl
ling Rnd Lebanon, arrived at Fayal yes
terday and reported all well. This dis
poses of the report which gained circula
tion at Newport News on Sunday last
that the Massachusets had met with dis
aster.
The Illinois and Alabama are at Angra
and the Brooklyn is at Ponta del Gaga
The officers of the warships are exchan-
Ing official visits with the local authori
ties. The battleship squadron, which is
• under the command of Rear Admiral
Barker, will rendezvous at Fayal July
11 and will sail for home July 14.
Racing Results at Seattle.
SEATTLE. July *>.— Following is a sum
mary of the races at The Meadows:
Five furlongs — Nona B. won, Ellis Gienn
second, Hlrtle third. Time. l:O2?4.
Five furlongs — Tom Reilly won, Colonel*Bos
ey second. Jack Little third. Time, 1:02^.
Three furlongs — Pat Tucker won. Mover
second, Tom Mitchell third. Time, 0:46*^.
One mile and fifty yards — Kitty Kelly 'won,
Gra.il Beccnd, Axminster third. -Time. l:45tj.
Five furlongs — Judge Nappon won. Miss Div
idend second. Montoyo third. Time, 1:02ft.
Seven furlonjs — Sailor won. Judge Voorhles
Bccond. Sol Llchtentsiein third. Time. 1:2814.
SARATOGA. X. Y.. July 8.— To-night's il
lumination and parade of &000 Mystic Shriners
was witnessed by more than 30,000 perrons.
NEW, YORK, July 8.— Brighton Beach's en
tries for Thursday are:/ . ; » •
. First race, .five and a half furlongs, .two
year-olds. < - Belling — Hoceo 107,- Ointment 90,
Honey Bee 95. •¦ Mohave 102. Short ' Cake ' 98,
Prince of Elm 102, Miss McKenna 103, Agnes
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
, ., Time." 1 :08. .Start fair. ..Won driving.,Win
ner. W. B. Jennings' b. g. by Montana-An
gelique. Great ! Crossing 107. Falernian - 110,
Pals 110, Ned Moore : 110, Pol . Roger „ 1 10.
Gendarme ; 110. Boundbrook 110; Creole Jim
110. Rodman 107. Laocoon. 110, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Maiden two-year-olds five
and a half furlongs : £t$al&ti£MSHfetai
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
HI to 5— Sacredus. 107 (O'Neill)... 5 11 2
¦ 5 to 1— Ornv. Right, 110 (Redfern) 6 3 2,h'
11 to S — T. Southerner 110 (Burns) 4-7.3 6 v
FIFTH RACE — Three-year-olds and up
ward, Mx furlonRs selling: .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
36 to 5— Royal. 125 (O'Neill).....; 53 1 2
15 to 1— Forward. • 104 (Burns).... 4 2 2 h
6 to 1— Interval. 102 (Redfern). . 2* 1 3 2
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start bad.. Won handily.'
Winner, . N. Bcnnlngton's ch. h by . Candle
mas-Royal Falson. Young Henry 122 Syrlln
105. Our Nugget 103. Osgood 97. Mart' Mullen
103. Slidell 108, M. Richardson 103. FaranU>i
113. Roue .110. Plttacus 04. King-Pepper 117
C. W. Meyer 110. Earl of Warwick 112, also
ran/ :
FOURTH RACE— Brighton Beach handicap,
three-year-olds and upward; one and a quar
ter miles: ¦¦:;¦¦ / -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Waterboy. 124 (Odom).... 2 3 11
15 to 1— Roehampton. 107 (Bullmn)lO 1 2 8
30 to 1— River Pirate. 105 (Hicks) 4 7 3 1
. Time. 2:03 1-5. start fair. Won cleverly.
Winner. J. B. Haggln's br. e. by Watercress-
Zealander. Oom Paul 105, Merry Acrobat 10O
Francisco 112. Hunter . Ralne 00. Injunction
04. Herbert 118. also ran. Articulate 118. fell.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
selling, three-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5.to 1 — Homestead 111 (Fuller). 12 12
30 to 1— Baikal. 98 (H. Callahan) 4 1 2 2
12 to 1— Past. 93 (DeSousa)....... 6 4 3 h
'Time. 1:40 4-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner.' A. Zimmer's b c. by Candlemas-
Sweet Home. Tribes Hlil'lCS. Irish Jewel 104
Belle of Troy 10S. Carroll D 105. Sentry 110*
Agnes D 110 also ran.
SECOXD RACK— The Punchestown stee
plechase, full cqurse: : '
Betting. HorFe. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin
3 to 2 — Lavator. 154 (Mara)...... 3 1 i 20
11 to 5— Tip Gallant. 142 (Wilson) 5 4 2 1
20 to 1— M. Shrlner, 142 (Mattocks) 2 3 3
Time 6:05. Start good. Won. easily Win
ner. J. W. Colt's ch. ' g. by Salvator-Hot
Springs. Judge Phillips 142 and Rising Sun
15.*! fell. 41^t*_f£i3KHl9lgi_M-B9
The fractional time was 0:23 2-5, 0:34 4-5,
0:47>4, 1:12 2-5, 1:25 4-5, 1:39 and 2:031-5.
The last mile was run in 1:39 4-5.
Articulate, riderless, finished fifth in
the handicap and then ran two miles more
before he was caught. Summary:.
FIR§T RACE— Two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Tim Payne. 104 (Burns). 10 5 12
1J to 1 — Montrcsson, 112 (Redfern) :; 6 2 h
7 to 5 — Col. Jessup. 112 (Bullman) 4 1 a 2
Time. 1 :00 2-5. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. L McGlnnis' b. c. by Star Ruby.
Lady Bug. Montana King 112, Grazlallo 112,
James V 113. Rusfcr 113. Rain or Shine 104
Juvenal Maxim 102, Modred 103 also ran
To the winner the Brighton handicap
was worth $10,590. A new chute has been
built lor the start, obviating the start on
the turn and this undoubtedly affected
the time of the race. -•' . !
spring of 1902, am* finished first in a third,
but was disqualified for fouling. He
broke a pelvic bone while in preparation
for the Belmont and was laid up for
three months. "Jay" Boyner became the
trainer last September and backed Wa
terboy in the winter books at 100 to 1 to
win the Suburban. The horse was with
drawn on account of the mud, but won
the Suburban renewal last week, setting
a new track record. He has raced eight
times in his life, finishing first six times
and made two records.
won two races at Morris Park in the
led into the ring at Sheepshead' Bay" thtf
only bid for him was so small that he
was withdrawn. As a 2-year-old he start
ed once and was unplaced. Waterboy
Waterboy was bred by J. B. Haggin on
the Rancho del Paso, California, and was
brought East as a yearling in 1900. When
WINNER A CALIFORNIAN.
To a good and prompt start Waterboy
was fii%t away and Odom took him over
toward the rail, but Cochran was quick
with Oom Paul and got the coveted posi
tion. Oom Paul led passing the stand,
with Waterboy next and Francesco and
Herbert coming strongly. Roehampton,
last, was carried wide on the turn, but
raced to the front in the backstretch.
Though Oom Paul led to the end of the
mile, many shiftings occurred behind and
Odom, who had Waterboy close to the
rail in the third place, was nearly cut off
when Roehampton dashed into the lead,
with Oom Paul and Francesco dropping
l>ack.
Herbert had tried and failed and with
Francesco was beaten at the last turn,
but Roehampton was in the lead and go
ing at a terrific speed. Odom set sail and
was close to Bullman when they turned
into the stretch. Then Waterboy and
Roehampton left the rest of the field,
drawing away together and the big, long
striding black horse forging short
ly ahead. It was Waterboy's race
a sixteenth of a mile from home
and Odom eased his mount a
trlfie. Bullman suddenly shook up Roe
hampton until the little chestnut was
again neck and neck -with the black, but
one flourish "of Odom's whip sent Water
boy ahead again and across . the line a
winner.
his legs, stumbled and the boy went over
the horse's head. He lay beating his.
arms on the track and apparently badly
hurt, but was found to have no serious
injuries.
ROEHAMPTON TAKES LEAD.
eight lengths in front of River Pirate.
little Larson, who rode Articulate, was
thrown In front of the stand as the horses
passed the first time. His mount was
fifth and going well when Francesco and
Herbert bumped him. Articulate crossed
for a sixteenth of a mile before entering
the stretch, and made a gallant flght for
first honors when challenged by Water
boy. River Pirate, 105 pounds, with the
colored boy, Hicks, in the saddle, was
third, with as good as 5 to 1 against his
chances to finish in the first three. Wa
rerboy won by a length, with Roehampton
V> to 1 in the betting, ran a rlne race.
Just when they tirst passed the stand
Roehampton made ground rapidly, led
NEW YORK, July 8.— J. B. Haggin'a
Waterboy won the Brighton handicap at
one and a quarter miles to-day in 2:03 1-5,
a world's record, faster by three-fifths of
a second than Gold Heels' circular track
record time, made In this race last year,
and faster than the record time of 2:03 : 54»
made on a straight course by Banquet.
Waterboy carried the top weight, 124
pounds, and was favorite in the betting at
2 to 1. He had no serious competition in
the race after Jockey Odom made his run
except from Roehampton, which, carry
ing 107 pounds, with Bullman up, and at
Special Dispatch to The Call
Game Roehampton Gives
the Western Colt an
Argument.
Carries Haggin Colors
to Vic t pry in Splen-. ,
did Time.
WATERBOY RUNS
BRILLIANT RACE
THE SAN FRA Is CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1UU3.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBEBflBBBBBS!BaBflBBflBaBB-IBBl
j Q '1ST lATpT." |
S3 "I am nervous and run down now, but I B
S '*" ures Nervous iMen. h
m JsBBBiffM W^^M lall Cures Female Weakness, g
w M-^-T^-^^^S-^J^^SJ Cures Back Pains. g
¦ 8| Cures Stomach Troubles, m
Q r| R. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC RKLT IS =|
jm fin . iTTiWKB ' V -^* a Popular remedy nowadays. It Is the only **
~ ag£ ¦gBStja^ jfaflffHial \ remedy which will cure while you sleep. Just H
P^^BBwWnfcSBIJsB put '' on w h*n you ko to bed. feel the warm, B
¦ ¥%_Hi«f W'irSRftH KlowinR vitality gotnar into your weakened parts m
B I'jffiRWT); 5'JiSli kCrSSt an<1 restoring: their life and vigor, and not a
89 grSKc^'.ffi*'rjfi]l NctM moment's Inconvenience. ™
** I iSsS And you don't have to dose B
a PMSfivliwwSllB^ your poor storrAich with nasty ¦
H drugs. This shows what it docs. §
| Indigestion, Kidney and Bladder Troubles. b
n , , [>¦¦' 1010 Alabama Street. San Francisco Cal. 5
H „ Dr - Mo-AUghlin— Dear Sir: After wearing your hlph-trrade Belt for two months I »
m find that it ha- relieved to a remarkable extent my stomach trouble, which was B
B severely complicated with bladder, prostatlc and kidney troubles. My back -Uk> ts ID
m much better, and I can honestly say that my indigestion and bladder trouble has _«
_. been entirely cured. I cheerfully recommend the Belt to all sufferers as worthy of a H
«* trial. Yours very truly, ROBERT LANE. "
m PPFF TF^IT ! wlu be K !ad *<> **« y° u * ' r «* test If you will call. Or ¦
! :<JSZctts yVu win -vai ir yoa my frbb book - with «>¦«»««-««». ¦
¦ Dr. M C Mclaughlin 906 Market Street I
¦ Zl \~'¥~ : -W - "o! 11111 * Above Ellis, San Francisco g
H Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. • °
BBBBaBBBBHBBaBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBaHBBaaaBBBBBBBB*
MALARIA A
Germ Infected Air. P^M
Malaria is not confined exclusively to the swamps Y"&^*&
and marshy regions of the country, but -wherever there is fj^m?|
bad air this insidious foe to health is found. Poisonous k0sMh
vapors and gases from sewers, and the musty air of damp Bif*O^|
cellars are laden with the germs of this miserable disease, i&ipS^f
which are breathed into the lungs and taken up by the Wj^wi •
blood and transmitted to every part of the body. Then »-^T^M
you begin to feel out of sorts without ever suspecting the w
cause. No energy or appetite, dull headaches, sleepy and w^ll
tired and completely fagged out from the slightest exer- WM'li&
tion, are some of the deplorable effects of this enfeebling W'!<!%
malady. As the disease progresses and the blood becomes rf^vWfh
more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or <^§^^J-r~^&
yellow spots appear upon the skin. When the poison is
left to ferment and the microbes and germs to multiply in
the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other serious complications often
arise. As Malaria begins and develops in the blood, the treatment to be
S^mm^ y^ effective must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys
f^^ lC_^ the germs and poisons and purifies the polluted
V^^ blood, and under its tonic effect the debilitated
hO) K^/ constitution rapidly recuperates and the system is
soon dear of all signs of this depressing disease.
S. S. S. is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, mild, -pleasant and
harmless. Write us if you wa-t medical advice or any special informa-
tion about your case. This will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAmLOS ANGELES, July 8.— The second
trial of N. M. Melrose, accused of mur
dering W. H. Broome at Acton last Janu.
ary, began to-day before Judge Smith of
the Superior Court- The case has at
tracted considerable attention because of
the prominence of the defendant and the
bitter feud that raged prior to the killing
of Broome at Acton.
Placed on Trial for His Life.
CHICAGO, July 8.— Six deaths and a
score of prostrations bore witness to the
advent of a hot wave here to-day. The
temperature during the afternoon reached
92 degrees In the Weather Bureau. Ther
mometers on the streets showed several
degrees higher. To-night a thunderstorm,
followed by a breeze off the lake, caused
a fall of twenty degrees. For to-morrow
a renewal of the heat' is predicted.
Six Deaths From Heat.
NEW YORK, July 8.— In response to an
official message from Cardinal Rampolla,
summoning him to Rome, Cardinal Gib
bons, the primate of the Catholic hier
archy in America and a member of the
Sacred College at Rome, which will elect
a successor to Leo XIII, arrived in this
city to-night from Baltimore. He will sail
for Europe on the French liner La Tour
alne to-morrow morning. The Cardinal
may not go direct to Rome, but if the
Pope is still living on his arrival at Havre
he will remain in Paris to await further
developments.'
Cardinal Gibbons Is Summoned.
Union Labor Club.
The Union Labor Club of the Thlrty
eixth Assembly District met at Harmony
Hall last evening. The club elected the
following permanent officer?:
Chairman, George Gallagher; vice chairman
William Mtakln; treasurer, James E. Brlen;
fccrrtary. A. M. Mahany; sergeant at arras,
P. Gallagher; executive committee— John W.
O'Nell. Philip Brady. William Meakln, Charles
Mel rose and George Zlegrlemayer.
After considerable discussion as to the
best means of promoting party success it
was decided to call a meeting in Har
mony Hall on tbe evening of July 20 and
ask all Union Labor men to be present
and elect a good set of delegates to be
voted for at the coming primary election.
VIENNA, July 8.— As a result of urgent
representations from Austria and Hun
gary, Prince Ferdinand has given tbe
strongest assurances that Bulgaria ' will
make no further . military preparations
Against Turkey.
Bulgaria Promises to Be Good.
Four weeks of systematic outdoor train-
Ing in the balmy climate, of Alameda have
worked a noticeable change In the ap
pearance and action of James J. Corbett,
ex-champlon of the boxing world, and he
now wears the complexion of. a seasoned
tar. His step is sprlghtlier than ever and
the manner In which he uses his feet and
hands in boxing bouts with his big spar
ring mates, Sam Berger and Yank Ken
ny, Is bewildering. Corbett's wind has
been much Improved by his work on the
road, and he - has ' already gone fourteen
fast rounds without showing any loss of
speed. Tuesday :JIm put in the morning
wrestling with Kenny and going through
Bome of Professor Tommy Dare's gym
nastic drills. In the afternoon he went
for an eight mile Jaunt with Berger,
Kenny and Tom Corbett. The quartet
started from Croll's Gardens and traveled
to High street. On | their return trip they
set a quicker pace and when they arrived
at the camp all hands were well warmed
and Umber. Wednesday Corbett laid off
and came ' over '". to the city to attend to
some personal affairs.
Work in His Native Climate Brings
to Jim's Cheeks the Bloom
of Youth.
CORBETT GAINS IN WIND
AND GENERAL STRENGTH
BERLIN, July 8.— The newspapers re
port that Emperor William has ad
dressed a telegram to the Pope personally,
saying that he prayed God to preserve the
Pope's life for many years. The Em
peror also has requested dally informa
tion to be sent to him regarding the con
dition of his Holiness. Accordingly Car
dinal Rampolla telegraphs to Berlin twice
daily. In case of the Pontiffs death, say
the newspapers, the Emperor will imme
diately return from Scandinavia and pro
ceed to take part in the funeral. The
truth of this latter statement, however, Is
doubted.
Kaiser Shows Deep Concern.
Elliott is said to be a married man with
a family, and at one time had an almond
ranch at Oakley, near Stockton.
It was said last night that there had
been a disagreement between the , girl
and her father on his learning of the re
lationship existing between her and the
painter. Barao told Elliott that under
the circumstances' he must marry his
daughter, whereupon the man suddenly
left Sausalito. Barao was so incensed
that he threatened to beat Mary and
burn her clothes. Mrs. Barao, the moth
er, interfered and told her husband to
let the girl go. Miss Barao, it is al
leged, took the occasion offered and fol
lowed Elliott to either San Francisco or
Oakland.
Manuel Barao, the father of the girl,
is prominent in Portuguese circles in
Sausalito. He refused to discuss the
matter yesterday, saying that he knew
nothing about the affair, but he admit
ted that his daughter was not at his
home and that he was ignorant of her
whereabouts.
The parents of Mary Barao. the young
girl who is supposed to have eloped from
Sausalito last Friday wltn George El
liott, who is 52 years of age and was
employed in the North Shore shops as a
painter, had up to last evening heard
nothing as to her whereabouts.
Parents Hear Nothing of Daughter
Who, It Is Supposed, Eloped
With Elderly Painter.
MARY BAEAO'S FLIGHT
IS STILL A MYSTERY
Squadron Sails for Dutch Harbor.
SEATTLE, July S.— The Pacific squad
ron, composed of the flagship New York,
the cruiser Marblehead and the gunboat
nennirjrton, sailed from the Puget Sound
Navy Yard to-day for the north and will
next anchor at Dutch Harbor. The equat
ion is In command of Admiral Glass. On
the return it is expected that repairs to
the New York, requiring a year, will be
made.
Heart Failure Brings Death.
William Seigelman, employed as the
driver of an ice wagon, was suddenly
stricken with heart failure yesterday af
ternoon while driving his conveyance on
the corner of Seventeenth avenue and
Mississippi street and died before medi
cal aid could be rendered him. After an
Investigation was made by the deputy
Cornoner, the body was removed to the
late home of the deceased, 1741 Twelfth
avenue.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. July 8. — The following
marlage licenses were issued to-day:
Antone Pimental. 22. and Josephine
McGrath, 18. both of Oakland; Emlle J.
Clot, 25, and Louise C Toulouse. 23.
both of Oakland; Lawrence N. Wheeler.
33, Monrovia, and Helen G. French. 27.
Berkeley; Fayette A. Ford, over 21. BIs
bee. and Margaret M. Hall, over IS, Oak-
NEW YORK, July 8.— Umpire Sheridan,
who struck Right Fielder Green of the
Chicago White Stockings during: the gama
yesterday, explained In court to-day that
Green had used insulting language.
Sheridan was discharged.
Umpire Sheridan Goes Free.
j* ttempt a Holdup.
Charles Francis Adams and Henry
Mendoza, well-dressed young men, were
arrested at midnight last night by Pa
trolman Harrigan and Corporal Fraher
on Vallejo street above Stockton for the
attempted robbery of M. Antonio. Togeth
er \rith two companions, who eluded ar
rest, the men tried to relieve Antonio of
his watch, but a female companion of the
assaulted man blew a police whistle and
thus summoned the police to the scene.
General Longstreet to Lose Ey.*.
GAINESVILLE, Ga., July 8.— General
James Longstreet, now In his eighty
first year, to-morrow will submit to an
operation for the removal of his left eye.
destroyed by cancer. General Longstreet
has been in ill-health for some months.
LOS ANGELES. July 8.— It is said that
the directors of the Interurban Railway
Company, the new Huntington-Hellman
company, have decided to rush the con-
Ktruction of many additional miles of
doubie-track electric road. The system
will be extended to Redlands, Riverside,
Pomona. Newport Beach, Santa Ana,
Whittier, San Pedro and many other
nearby towns and cities. The total mile
age projected is said to approximate 400
miles of double track.
Will Construct Double Tracks.
Professor Albert Bushnell Hart of the
University of Chicago spoke on "What
Constitutes tbe Real, tne Genuine Uni
versity." He said the university and its
work are not represented by Its build
ings, but by the work it performs, the
character of the men It sends Into the
world. There are 150,000 students In the
colleges of the United States, against one
tenth that number a hundred years ago.
The speaker declared his belief that there
would be- no more great universities
founded except near some great city, , the
thirty great ones now in existence being
considered sufficient for the present.
Tbe qualities necessary to these novels are.
first, a story, which we get In Mr. Davis'
works; second, great literary simplicity — not
too intricate, too subtle. Great literature
doesn't always owe Us success to Its style. It
Is the idea principally. Even the great novels
have had their day and you'll Hnd they were
all once popular, so called. We should read
these later works aerlously and not deal with
them too Beverely, always keeping in mind
that they are but transient-
Popular novels all have their special theme.
There Is the one founded on the lives of the
great; there Is the one carrying the great and
simple Ideas of reform, such as "Looking
Backward" and "In His 6teDs": thtre Is the
brotherhood of man idea; there is »he adven
ture and the historical story. The readers
seem to be Interested in historical people and
especially thcie of America. The idea of ex
treme patriotism that Richard Harding Davis
Incorporates In his books takes welL Then
there is the Idea of the type like that of
"David Harura" and of "The Virginian."
Am I said before, you can scarcely recognize
tbe differences In literature. I am Inclined to
consider all good literature worth reading,
that Is novels as well as the rest. The public
wants to be Interested and amused, and in
these days of Intense activity It hardly has
time to devote to the older works. That Is
why the great body of the people have turned
to tbe popular novel. This la perfectly nat
ural. 1
Professor George Rice Carpenter of Co
lumbia University thinks the popular
novel is not a terrible thing after all. In
fact, he says It is pretty good literature,
and even confesses that he reads a few
himself. The professor put these thoughts
Into words to-day at the second univer
sity meeting of the summer session of the
University of California, where he spoke
on "The Value of the Popular Novel,"
saying in part:
It Is a difficult matter to distinguish exactly
the difference between good and bad reading.
It depends much on tbe taste and previous liau
its and training. A literary scholar considers
novel reading as a light, frivolous, unprofit
able pastime. On the other hand the reader
says the novel Is as good as any kind of read-
Ing. It Is not unusual to hear young people
telling how sweet '"Janice Meredith" was and
how "Ben Hur" Is the best novel In the world.
They like that sort of thing and are whole
somely amused by it.
A s • for myself, I delight in reading the
"Odyssey" and the "Divine Comedy." They
are my favorites. But I confess I am fond of
a good novel, and I read one whenever I find
one that ts entertaining. I seldom buy any,
for the circulating library is good enough for
me.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. July 8.
The following letter from Dr. D. D.
Crowley's wife was read In the Police
Court this afternoon:
OAKLAND. Cat., July 3, 1903.— To Mortimer
Smith. Esq.. Judge Police Court. Oakland. Cali
fornia: I hereby request you to dismiss the
charge of disturbing the peace heretofore pre
ferred by me against Harvey Sellgman, under
the name of John Do* Sellcman. I am the
aggrieved party to said action and have re
ceived full satisfaction for the Injury by the
keeping of the peace of said Seligman since the
commission of the offense complained of, and
also because I believe that he has received
bufflcient punishment.
ALMA A. CROWLEY..
Witness: ABE P. LEACH.
With the reading of the request. Prose
cuting Attorney A. P. Leach made a mo
tion for the dismissal of the case, which
Judge Smith granted.
That action disposes of one phase of
the Crowleys' domestic difficulties, which
were reopened last spring when Mrs.
Crowley attacked the physician one even
ing when he was departing from Mrs.
Annie Sellgman's residence, 585 Twenty
ninth street.
Satisfied that the arrest of young Har
vey Sellgman had accomplished all that
Bhe desired, Mrs. Alma A. Crowley to
day caused the dismissal of the charge
of disturbing the peace she lodged last
April against the young high school stu
dent after his visit to the Crowley resi
dence, 1064 Alice street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 8.
Professor Carpenter Has
No Scruples About
Reading It.
Court Grants Request of
Mrs. Crowley for
Discharge.
James Gcldean, Serving a Sentence
at San Quentin, Badly Wounded
by Lee Ah Wing.
SAN RAFAEL, July 8. -A serious cut
ting affray took place in San Quentin
prison to-day. Two convicts, Lee Ah
Wing, a Chinese, serving fift> years for
murder, Ftabbed James Goldean, serving
live years for robbery. Goldean will
probably die.
The men were taking a bath and quar
reled. After leaving the bathroom Lee,
who is employed in the ehoe shop, went
to his bench, secured a knife and. walk
ing cut to where Goldean was sitting,
Ftabbed him in tbe stomach. Lee Wing
had ele\-en years more to serve. He will
now lose all his credits.
CHINESE CONVICT CUTS
A FELLOW PRISONER
The railroad company charged that the
ill-fated passenger was Injured because of
her own negligence In swinging out from
the steps just as the meeting car passed.
After the verdict .was rendered through
E. B. Thompson, foreman of the jury,
the attorneys agreed to a sixty days'
stay of execution, pending a motion by
the railroad company for a new trial and
for appeal, if that be denied.
The trial reached the point of closing
argument this morning. In the midst of
Attorney Chapman's speech. Miss James
was overcome and fainted in her sister's
arms, and Judge Melvm ordered a recess
until the overwrought plaintiff regained
her senses. The strain of the trial and
the vividness of the picture drawn by the
lawyers proved too severe for the un
fortunate and maimed young plaintiff.
The accident that marred Miss James*
beauty— and but for superb surgical work,
meant her death— occurred three years
ago, while she was riding home on an
electric car from Berkeley. She was
standing on the crowded platform and
was pitched off, her head striking a win
dow of the car that was coming in an
opposite direction. One of her cheeks was
severely torn, causing a jagged hole in
her face, her teeth were knocked out, and
one leg was broken.
Dr. William S. Porter took charge of
the patient at the Receiving Hospital.
By a successful grafting of the flesh of
her arm to the cheek, the injury was re
paired. During the trial tbe attorneys ad
mitted as a part of the evidence that the
operation required the highest surgical
skill.
Attorneys George W. Reed and M. C.
Chapman of this city conducted the trial
for Miss James, and Harmon Bell was
the counsel for the railroad company. On
both sides the case was fought with skill.
The contestants made it one of the cele
brated tourneys at the Alameda County
bar. - -
After a hard legal battle lasting three
weeks, Rosle James, X7 years old, was
given a verdict for 115,000 damages in her
suit against the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated. The verdict was returned to-day
in Superior Judge Henry A- Melvin'a
department.
The recorded award is one of the larg
est ever rendered in a railroad damage
case in Alameda County. The main point
was the unanimous expression of the
jury, whose only differences of opinion
developed concerning the amount of the
award.
Eleven ballots were taken before the
definite sum was agreed upon, and the
views of the jurors ran even as high as
$50,000, the amount specified in the com
plaint. On the first ballot two jurors
voted for that figure. One vote for $30,000
was recorded, and four jurors believed
$25,000 would be the right sum. From the
outset of the balloting every juror favor
ed the young woman's case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, July 8.
Season Assigned by Engineer for the
Collision at Aromas.
GILROY, July S.— Inability to control
the speed of his train at the critical mo
ment is the reason assigned by Engineer
Dover of train No. 23 for the collision
this afternoon at Aromas station, fifteen
miles south of Gilroy.
The injured passengers on the south
bound train so far as known here are J.
EL Perkins of San Jose, contusion on
head, slight; Mrs. E. C. Berry of Camp
bell, lower lip lacerated, slight; Mrs.
I^aura Ferris of Livermore, bruises on
spine and shoulder?, serious; Mrs. A. S.
Veper of San Leandro, contusion of spine
and laceration of lips, slight; child about
3 years old, cut forehead and fracture,
probably serious.
LOST CONTROL OF ENGINE.
The funeral will be held at 2 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon from the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, Eighth and
Jefferson streets. ."¦'•' ¦'.
Mrs. Sarah J. Richardson, whose death
occurred last evening at her residence,
753 Webster street, after a sudden attack
of heart disease, was one of the pioneer
women of California. For more than half
a century this estimable woman had lived
in the Golden State, arriving in San
Francisco in 1S53 with her father, James
Clinton, who was identified with the
earliest growth of the metropolis and the
cities on the east side of the bay.
The father began work on an extensive
plan of cutting thoroughfares through
Telegraph Hill, San Francisco, but obsta
cles arose which proved Insurmountable,
and Clinton was compelled to abandon
the project, suffering heavy financial
losses. In 1S54 the family settled on a
ranch in the Berkeley foothills. Mrs.
Richardson as a child saw the ceremony
thaf attended the driving of the first nail
In the first schoolhouse that was erected
In the little settlement which has become
the important college town of Berkeley.
Mrs. Richardson was among the first
pupils of the public schools of California,
and in childhood attended tbe San Fran
cif co schools.
-»Irs. Richardson was married In 1S59.
Her husband, John H. Richardson, who
died in 1874, was a prominent mill, owner
of this city. During the many years of
her residence in Oakland Mrs. Richard
son became active in much benevolent
work and was a devoted and faithful ad
herent of the cause of religion. She was
among the earliest parishioners of the
Church of the Immaculate Conception,
the pastor of which, the Rev. Michael
King, is celebrating the jubilee of his or
dination into tbe priesthood.
As one of the charter members of the
Society of Women Pioneers of California
Mrs. Richardson took an active interest
in that organization and was a member
of its board of trustees. She was a na
tive of New Orleans. Mrs. Richardson
was the mother of George H. Richard
son, Miss Carrie Richardson and Miss
Alice Richardson. She was a sister to
Mrs. W. B. Baccus of this city and was
an aunt of Councilman William J. Bac
cus.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 8.
SELIGMAN CASE
IS DISMISSED
ATLANTA, Ga., July 8.— Governor Ter
rell late to-night ordered out the Grif
fin Rifles at Griffin, Ga., to guard the
jail there, in which James Bethany, a
white man, is confined, charged with hav
ing mistreated his daughter. Threats to
lynch Bethany had been made.
White Man in a Georgia Prison Is
Threatened With Mob
Violence.
TROOPS ARE ORDERED OUT
TO PREVENT A LYNCHING
Life Devoted to Religion
and Charity Is
Ended.
Rosie James Obtains a
Verdict of $15,000
for Injuries.
POPULAR NOVEL
GETS KIND WORDS
MILL VALLEY, July 8.— An event
which promises to be one of the most
popular society affairs of the season is
to be given on Saturday evening next at
G. T. Marsh's Japanese villa in Mill Val
ley. A Japanese garden fete 'is to be
given to raise a fund to help preserve
the groves of trees and to build a drink
ing fountain at the station for man and
beast, thereby filling a long felt want.
A beautiful wooded canyon on the
grounds has been converted into a natural
amphitheater by the erection of a stage
across the lower end, forming an open-air
theater, with a capacity for thousands.
Upon this ideal stage a programme will
be given by the Orpheus Club— Misses
Jean Logan, Claudia Rogers. Mmes. Dave
McLaughlin, George C. Bornemann, How
ard M. Scott, Howard C. Trull, Pete
Sloan. W. H. Sleberst. Crandal, McCand
lish, Redfleld and Carlton of the Athen
ian Quartet and others.
Visitors from the city can make con
nections by leaving on the 6:45 Sausalito
boat, taking the Mill Valley train, which
will connect with the Mount Tamalpais
Railway train, a special train taking them
right to the gate of the grounds. A later
train will leave Mill Valley station at 8:05.
Specials will also take them to the sta
tions in time for the late boats home.
Japanese Garden Fete Is to Be Given
for Benefit of a Worthy
Cause.
MILL VALLEY PREPARES
A UNIQUE SOCIETY EVENT
GRASS VALLEY. July 8.— William J.
Martin, a miner, had $lS00 of his hard
earned coin stolen, but he did not find 1
it out until to-day, when he went to tpe
place where he had buried It and found
it gone. His father-in-law, William Key,
had burled a large amount of money a
short distance from Martin's, but this
remained untouched. Tbe money stolen
represents the savings of years of work
in the mines and Martin naturally feels
very blue over his loss. An attempt was
also made to find the gold of John Mar
tin, who lived a block away from his
brother, but the robbers were unsuccess
ful. The last Martin saw of his gold was
at Christmas time. A day or two ago he
decided to make an' Investigation and
when he dug up the box the gold was
missing. Now the Martins are sitting up
nights awaiting the return of the robbers. I
Special Dispatch to The Call
Boodling, according to the Senator, orig
inated in the early nineties and grew to
enormous proportions before the time he
left the Senate.
Lancaster said that boodle came to be
known -as "driftwood," and when things
became dull a boodle agent would be sent
to St. Louis or Kansas City to "start the
driftwood down." *.»e agent, if success
ful in his mission, would wire back:
"River rising: driftwood coming fast;
win be there to-morrow."
Boodle, In the later years of his ser
vice, said Lancaster, was used in almost
everything tnat came up for passage.
ComDines were regularly formed and
agents appointed to solicit, the bribes.
The legislators Introduced 'bills called
"sand- baggers." which they never intend
ed to pass, for the purpose of holding up
those who were the most easily worked
for bribes.
ST. LOUIS, July 8.-The Grand Jury to
day took up the Investigation of the re
port that money was used to accomplish
the defeat in the Legislature of the bill
placing the office of Excise Commissioner
on a salary and thereby reducing Its oc
cupant's Income. R. D. Lancaster of St.
Louis and Charles E. Peers of Warren
ton, Mo., both former State Senators, and
Dennis Devoy, a lawyer, were examined
this afternoon. ..lore than one attempt
has been made to place the excise office
on a salary , but enough votes could never
be mustered in the Legislature to do so.
Lancaster placed the average Income of
a boodling Senator during the year when
sessions of the Legislature were held at
$4000. Lancaster slaced the amount of
boodle that it took at one session to keep
the office of excise commissioner from be
ing placed on a salary basis at $10,000.
The money he alleged, changed hands in
1897.
MARRED BEAUTY
WINS DAMAGES
PORTLAND. Or.. July 8.— The Ore
gonlan estimates tne wheat crop of .Ore
gon. Washington and Idano for the cur
rent vear at 36,000,000 bushels, or nearly
6,000,000 bushels below the crop of last
year. Under the present . conditions a
rough estimate places the crop of Oregon
at 11,500,000 bushels; Washington, 20,500,000
bushels, and Idaho at 4,000,000 bushels.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8.— The prospects
for the Washington wheat crop are im
proving, according to advices received
from west of the mountains by State
Grain Inspector Arrismith. There have
been fine rains and the weather is re
ported fairly cool, with southern winds,
which are the desirable winds for the
wheat crop in that section of the coun
try.
If conditions remain favorable for an
other two weeks the danger will be prac
tically over and the crop will be greatly
benefited. Ten days ago conditions point
ed to a yield of about 75 per cent of last
year's crop, but if these favorable condi
tions continue for another two weeks a
considerably heavier yield may be ex
pected, possibly 80 per cent of last year's
record.
United States Consul Swalm of South
ampton responded to the toast, "The
President of the United States," and Lieu
tenant Commander N. W. Wood of the
San Francisco responded to the toast of
"The United States Navy."
Altogether 800 Americans were guests
at the luncheon. The procession to and
from the hall was headed by the band
from the Kearsarge and the Americans
were welcomed by genuine enthusiasm
from large crowds.
The luncheon at the rifle hall was fol
lowed by a matinee performance of "The
Lady Slavey" at the Theater Royal,
which was witnessed by large detach
ments from all the crews of the American
squadron. After that the visitors attend
ed the unveiling by the Mayoress of a
memorial statue to Queen Victoria.
The luncheon which the Pilgrims' Club
will give to the American officers to-mor
row will be one of the most Interesting
functions of their visit to England. Such
a ntimber of representative British and
American officers has seldom been seen
together. All of the navy and army of
ficers will be In uniform. Vice 'Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford will preside., On
his right will be Rear Admiral Cotton and
on his left Captain Prince Louis of Bat
tenberg.
The 1500 officers and men remaining at
Portsmouth are being entertained in va
rious ways. Including a luncheon at the
Volunteer Rifle Hall, at which the Mayor
presided. In toastlne King Edward the
Mayor said he believed his Majesty's ef
forts to promote friendship and good will
between Great Britain and other coun
tries were fully appreciated by the United
States. Toasting President Roosevelt,
the Mavor said:
He is held here in the highest esteem and re
gard. The President labors mont assiduously
to promote the welfare of the United States,
and, further, is actuated by a sincere desire to
Etrengtnen the bonds of friendship and concord
uniting the two countries. We on this side of
the Atlantic, sharing with you, representatives
of the great nation across the pea*, a common
heritage and speaking the same language, honor
your President for the grand work In which he
is engaged, and which, we are persuaded, is
not only conducive to the best interests of the
United States and Great Britain, but must ad
vance the cause of civilization, freedom and
justice the world over.
The final toast was to the United States
navy. In which the Mayor cordially wel
comed the visit of the United States Eu
ropean squadron to Portsmouth as being
further proof of the friendly feeling of
President Roosevelt.
YANKEE OFFICERS RESPOND.
Before the ball Admiral Cotton, the
American captains and Staff Lieutenant
Hussey dined with the Earl of Selborne,
first Lord of the Admiralty, at Whitehall.
The dinner was attended by naval offi
cials, Lady Selborne being the only wo
man present.
The Kins and Queen led the royal quad,
rille which ooened the ball and in which
participated President Loubet. the Duch
ess of Devonshire and a number of dis
tinguished guests.
DINE WITH EARL OF SELBORNE.
Field Marshal Lord Roberts Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford. General Sir Red
vers Bullrr and other distinguished Eng
lishmen personally assisted at the wel
come Riven the officers of the United
States squadron, me scene was one of
splendor which could not easily be sur
passed. The gowns and uniforms were
magnificent and the display of jewels
wonderful.
LONDON, July 8.— King Edward signal
ly honored the officers- of the American
squadron to-night at the state ball given
in Buckingham Palace— the climax of the
visit of President Loubet. The King
formally received Admiral Cotton, the
captains of the American ships and twen
ty-flve of the junior American officers,
and Queen Alexandra later gave them the
same distinction. The ball— the first since
the succession of King Edward— was a
brilliant function, 2200 guests being pres
ent, including President Loubet and his
suite, practically all of the Embassadors
and Ministers in London, the majority of
the members of the royal family, prom
inent representatives of the nobility and
the officers of the American and French
squadrons now in British waters.
Before the arrival of President Loubet
United States Embassador Choate, with
Secretary White attending, presented to
the King the following invited officers of
the American squadron: Rear Admiral
Cotton, Captain Hemphill of the Kear
sarge. Staff Lieutenant Charles L. Hus
sey of the Chicago, Captain Cromwell of
the Chicago, Captain Walker of the San
Francisco, Captain Magill of the marines,
Kearsarge; Captain Thorpe of the ma
rines. Chicago, and twenty-two others of
lower rank. ; •' c
KING'S HEARTY CORDIALITY.
To Rear Admiral Cotton the King ex
pressed his gratification at the visit of
the squadron, and Inquired If all arrange,
ments had been made for the comfort of
the American officers and sailors. Ad
miral Cotton replied that he had fallen
among friends and every care had been
taken of himself and the others. The
King had a pleasant word to say to each
or the officers presented. The admiral,
Ihs captain and Staff Lieutenant Hussey
were then presented to Queen Alexandra.
During the supper several American of
ficers were introduced to the Prince of
Wales.
DEATH CLOSES
HER GOOD WORK
The coroner to-day began his Investi
gation of the fatalities resulting from the
rioting. No verdict was returned.
The tenth death from Monday's shoot
ing occurred to-night. John Barrett died
shortly before midnight.
There were five arrests to-day on Grand
Jury indictments for the rioting Monday
night. Those under arrest are Richard
Grosbeck, late Socialist candidate for City
Clerk; A. P. Caldwell, a furniture mer
chant; I. F. Zelgler, William Trimble and
James Steele. All were released under
bond.
EVANSVILLE, Ind., July 8.-Governor
Durbin late to-night, upon learning that
Judge Rasch had ordered the negro Lee
Brown brought back here for immediate
trial, wired Judge Rasch that he would
not allow the prisoner to be taken from
the State institution at this time. Judge
Rasch immediately on receipt of the Gov
ernor's order wired Sheriff Kratz to re
turn here without the prisoner. He said
the trial would be Indefinitely postponed.
It is probable that the troops will be sent
back home to-morrow night.
Thfee years ago when President Hays
was at the head of the Harrlman road,
plans for securing rights of way between
Sacramento and Stockton were discussed
by the directors of the company and
steps were taken toward forming a com
pany of which several of the same gen
tlemen who have been named as stock
holders in the present company were
chosen for similar purposes. The pro
ject, however, was never carried out. for
President Hays resigned a few weeks
later. It was intimated yesterday by one
high in the councils of the Southern Pa
cific that there is no intention of build
ing the road for which the latest com
pany has been incorporated, for some time
at least, and possibly not at all. It was
admitted that a new line would not ma
terially shorten the route between Sac
ramento and Stockton, nor would it give
the company any additional advantage
from a traffic standpoint through the
section of the State which the line would
be expected to extend. Another point
developed was that the Union Trust
Company, which, through I. W. Hellman
Jr.,, appears as the principal stockholder,
has not contracted to float any bonds, a
fact that would suggest that the enter
prise is not the creation of outside people
but purely a Southern Pacific scheme to
anticipate any possible motives of its
rivals.
OLD SCHEME BEVTVED.
There no longer exists in the minds of
local railroad people a doubt that the
Southern Pacific is behind the company
which was . incorporated yesterday to
build a road from Sacramento to Stock
ton.
Phil K. Gordon, local agent for the
Piedmont Air Line, has gone to Los An
geles on a peculiar mission. Under in
structions of the chief of the advertis
ing bureau of his road, he is looking for
a model of a typical creole girl, with a
view of using her photograph for a
fancy poster which the Piedmont Line
purposes to issue in California.
W. B. Story, chief engineer of_the
Santa Fe road. A. W. Walker. AT"D~.
Schindler, William S. Tevls. president
of the Richmond belt road. H. C
Breeden and other directors of that com
pany yesterday made * tour of inspec
tion over the new line at Richmond,
which is nearly completefl.
A. M. Brown, general freight and pas
senger agent of the El Paso Northeast
ern, which is part of the Rock Island
system, is expected in the city to-day.
His presence on the coast is for_the
purpose of looking into the fruit "and
vegetable product outlook for next sea
son, for it is the intention of his road,
in conjunction with the Rock Island, to
bid for a portion of the hauling of these
commodities.
During his connection with the South
ern Pacific Company Morse did much
toward developing the southern portions
of Texas and Louisiana, and it is
thought here that possibly this fact may
have suggested to Traffic Manager Se
bastian of the Rock Island road the ad
visability of securing the services of a
man of Morse's capacity to aid the plans
of that company In capturing the busi
ness of its new territory.
INSPECT BELT ROAD.
Much speculation is going on in local
railroad circles over tne probable suc
cessor to S. F. B. Morse, who several
days ago resigned the position of assist
ant passenger traffic manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, with head
quarters at Houston. Texas. As yet no
explanation has come from Chicago or
Houston as to why Morse retired from
the position in which he made himself
so valuable to the company and in which
he earned a wide reputation as a traffic
man. One of his friends here received
recently a letter in which Morse stated
that he had been made a proposition by
Sully, the big cotton operator, to enter
into a private enterprise, but* it is not
supposed that such a step would neces
sitate Morse's retirement from the
Southern Pacific Company.
There came yesterday through private
sources from Chicago a story that Morse
had been offered a high position in th«
passenger traffic department of the Rock
Island Company. Some credence is given
to the story in view of the fact that the
latter road has just finished a line into
El Paso, and is making preparations to
compete for the traffic in that State and
the adjoining ones.
WATSONVILLE. July 8.— A head-on
collision occurred on the Southern Pacific
Company's coast line at Aromas at 12:40
p. m. to-day between trains S3 and 24, re
trectlvely the north and south bound
passenger trains. Twelve persons were
slightly injured and one child was seri
ously hurt when the engines met. They
were thrown out of their seats by the
force of the collision. The train for San
Francisco received orders at Pajaro to
F'detrack at Aromas, but instead of tak
ing the switch at that point continued
psFt the target and crashed Into the
Fouthbound train, which was almost at a
standstill on the main line ju?t north of
the switch. That a terrible disaster was
avoided is owing to the caution of the
? r.ginecr having the right of the track.
There is a heavy curve on the main line
at that point, and when the engineer and
fireman of the northbound train discov
ered the mistake in their calculations
they jumped to the ground, as did also
the crew of the other engine, and let the
trains meet. Both engines were badly
smashed, as was also the baggage car of
the southbound train.
The engine of the Santa Cruz passenger
tiain, which was waiting at Pajaro, was
Beat to the scene of the wreck and moved
the damaged rolling stock to Pajaro. The
passengers for the north were taken on
an engine which was sent out from Gll
iov. The northbound train was running
at about thirty miles an hour at the time
of the collision.
It was reported here to-night that one
of the passenpers. a young lady, was
mere severely injured than at first report
ed. It is said that she struck her back
against the edge of a seat when the col
lision occurred and so badly jarred he»
ppine that she has since suffered a para
lytic stroke. The child reported injured
i* said to be in a dying condition. Tha
:;ames of the injured cannot be learned at
this point.
Phil Gordon," of the Piedmont
Line, on a Peculiar
Mission.
Twelve Passenger3 Slightly
Injured and One Child
Badly Hurt.
Governor Refuses -to Release
the Negro, Lee Brown,
for Trial.
Portsmouth Extends a Warm
Welcome to the Men
of the Fleet.
Some One Discovers Hiding
Place and Quietly Digs
Up the Money.
Present Conditions Point to
Larger Yield Than Was
First Reported.
Legislative Agents Whose
Duty Was to Promote
Boodling.
Report Says Sebastian
of Rock Island Is
After Him.
Head-On Collision Oc
curs at Siding Near
Aromas. •
Frank Revelation of the
Missouri Senatorial
Methods.
Officers of the European
• Squadron Guests of
King Edward.
Grand Jury Indicts Par
ticipants in Fatal
Rioting.
Fine Rains in Washing
ton Greatly Benefit
Growing Wheat.
Grass Valley Resident
Buries His Gold and
Loses It.
FIVE ARRESTS
IN EVANSVILLE
BRIBE-TAKING
AS A SCIENCE
HIGH POSITION
AWAITS MORSE
CROP PROSPECTS
ARE IMPROVING
ENGINES MEET
WITH A CRASH
ROBBER FINOS
MINER'S HOARD
ADMIRAL COTTON
IN LONDON TOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903.
LONDON, July 8.— The : French bark
Du Couedic, from San Francisco Decem
ber 24. for Sydney,' N. S. W.,' has been
posted at ; Lloyds ¦ as ' missing. The Du
Couedic was posted as overdue on July L
Bark Du Couedic Is Missing.
PLACERVILLE, July 8.-Ferdlnand
Hansey, about 55 years of age, was found
dead in his cabin near Silver Lake this
morning. Death was ' caused by/ a gun
shot wound, but whether Inflicted by his
own hand or that of another; is not
known. Hansey was 'last seen alive on
July. 2.
Found Dead in His Cabin.
VALLEJO, July 8.— The Benicla Board
of Trade baa petitioned the Solano Coun
ty Supervisors to prevent the Issuance of
liquor licenses within a mile radius of
the new United States army rifle range,
situated three miles from Benicla, but in
Benicla Township. Liquor dealers / are
seeking to establish saloons in the vicin
ity of the rifle range.' If the licenses are
granted the range will be moved ; from
Solano County.
Prefer Rifle Range to Saloons.
9
GRAPE-irrjTS.
BABY WEATHER.
Little Fellows Don't T*ke the Hot
Days.
Mothers should know exactly what food
to give babies in hot weather.
With the broiling hot days In July and
August the mother of a baby is always
anxious for the health of her little one
and is then particularly careful in feed-
ing. Milk sours quickly and other food
is uncertain. Even in EDlte of caution,
sickness sometimes creeps in and then
the right food is more necessary than
ever.
"Our baby boy. 2 years old. began In
August to have attacks of terrible stom-
ach and bowel trouble. The physician
:aid hi* digestion was very bad and that
:f it had been earlier in the summer
and hotter weather we would surely have
lest him.
"Finally we gave baby Grape-Nuts
food, feeding it several times the first
day, and the next morning he seemed
better and brighter than he had been for
many days. There was a great change
in the condition of his bowels and In
three days they were entirely normal.
He is now well and getting very strong
and fleshy and we know that Grape-Nuts
caved his life, for he was a very, very 111
baby. Grape-Nuts food must hive won-
derful properties to effect cuch cures as
this.
"We crown-ups in our family all use
Grape-Nuts and also Postum in place of
coffee, with the result that we never any
of us have any coffee Ills, but are well
and strong." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
The reason Grape-Nuts food relieves
bow/rl trouble In babies or adults is be-
caule the starch of the grain is predi-
gested and does not tax the bowels, nor
ferment like white bread, potatoes and 1
other forms of starchy food.
Bend for particulars by mall of exten-
sion cf time on the {7500 00 cooks' contest
Xcr 725 money prizes.
. We take pleasure in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail.or through local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will be
made.
Notice to Subscribers!FROM SEATTLE.
Bteamer. ¦ - For. " • . SalU..
Roanoke... ... Nome & St. Michaelrf. July 8
Cottage City. . Skagway & "Way Ports. July 10
Tampleo.v.... Nome & St. Michael.:. July 12
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. July : 13
City Seattle... Ska e way & Way Ports. July 14
Dlrigro. ;.-..... Skagway & Way Porte. July 15
Meteor Nome A • St. Michael ... July 15
Conemaugh...l-Nome & St.- Michael. .. July 15
Al-Kl. . .... .v 'Skagrray & .Way Ports. July 1«
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet* Way Pte July 16
City Topeka. . Skagway :&. Way. Ports. |July 18
Eureka Nome ../..... IJuly 20
Oregon ..<.... 1 Nome '. . ; . i . r. V*. .: . ". . . ;*. (July 26
Sun, Moon and- Tide.
United i States . Coast and . Geodetic Survey—
The bag-gape of three passengers from
Honolulu was searched by customs in
spectors yesterday and a quantity of
dutiable goods found therein on which
the duty had not been paid. The baggage
was searched at Honolulu on the arrival
there of the Eteamship Peking and
passed and tagged officially. The matter
¦will be Investigated by the Treasury De
partment.
Careless Customs Work.
Shipping; Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July -8;
Br eter Heathdene, Mllburn. 23 dayi from
The exports of Wine from San Francisco by
tea durlnz the months of June were as fol
lows :
To — Gallons. Cages. Values.
Hawaiian Islands ... 27,»0i 2S7 $1 i.Oisr,
Central America .... O.r.7S 144 4.787
Mexico 8.M0 . 76 3.S73
Colombia 2,726 ... 851
Ecuador 4,115 ... l,4Ctf
Peru MR 50 . | 324
China 3,»>53 r 31' 4 . 1,467
Japan 4,754 4 1,164
Kast Indies S52 ... 3C't
British Columbia .... 2,13« 72 1,191
Tahiti 733 ... 314
Samoan Islands 40 ... 25
South Africa 51 ... 20
New Zealand 2 11
New York 244.647 ... 80,458
Totals 309,700 666 $110,988
In June, 1002, the exports, exclusive of the
shipments to the Hawaiian Islands, were 797.
029 gallons and 363 coses, valued at $271,130.
In that month 754,721 gallons, valued at 9253.
110, went to New York. The total exports
during, the six months ending June SO, 1003,
w*r» 3.153.144 gallons and 2645 ca&eo, valued
of $1.08S,&94, against . 3.540.108 gallons and
2216 cases, valued at- $1,187,179, during the
same period laet year.
Wine Exports in June.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Property Values Are Increased.
SALINAS. July 8.— The books of the
Assessor of Monterey County show a
slight Increase In values. Mortgage as
sessments show a decrease of $31,110. The
total assessments, without railroad val
ues, is $16,74:2.985, an increase over 1802 of
$118,315. Of this increase $107,710 is in the
values of real estate and improvements.
Hearing . of Will Contest Postponed.
VICTORIA, B. C. July 8.— The case
brought, by Edna Wallace Hopper against
James Dunsmulr to break the will of the
late Alexander . Dunsmuir, was postponed
to-day owing to the illness of one of the
defendant's counsel.
Steamer. ./'Destination. Sa!I».l, Pier.
July. ». .•..."
Czarina CVke Bay direct... ft pm Pier 8
S. Monica... Grays Hnrbor "4 pm Pier '2
Pomona..".. Humboldt ...¦ .". 1:30 p Pier IB
Arjfo.V. .... Keirtiver Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu & Kshulul 3 pm Pier 16
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
• r ¦ . JnlytO.-
Arcata..... Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm|Pler,13
Lakme...... Humboldt-.. ...... 10 amlPler 12
Aberdeen.. Seattle 'direct 5 pm Pier IK
Iaqua... :. . Humbo'.dt ....10 am Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 2
Mariposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
Jnlyll: " " .1
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 amiPier. 2
Chehalls.:.. Grays Harbor . r. .. » pm Pier a
Arctic. ..r.. Kumboldt ..;...... 9 am Pier 10
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Mlchae! 2 pm 3.W. 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama. 12 -m Pier 40
' July 12. •
North Fork. Humboldt .... ... . | 9 amlPler 2
Corona..... Humboldt'. ..... .7.11:80 p Pier lt>
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
July 13. . '
Phoenix.... Pt. • Arena-Mend'co 1 pm|Pier 13
B. Rosa San Diego & Way. -9 am Pier 19
S.Cruz..:.. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Eureka..... Humboldt. .....".... 9am Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Ar*Tia ...:.. 4 pm Pier 2
July 14. I ¦ I
Rival... Willapa Hnrbor. ..J'4 pm Pier 2
Ccntralta... Grayr Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
; July 15. ,. ¦¦; . .
Peking China ft Japan. 1 pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
¦ July ie. • ¦
Sonoma 8y<Jney ft Way 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 19
July 17.": •• ¦ - -
G.W.EIder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
i,"", • July 18.
Colon....... N.-y.vla Pnnama. 12» m Pier 40
•¦ '¦ ' ¦' -'' " ¦ Jnlr'-2O.'. ,r I !-¦:¦ I. . : ¦
City Puebla. Puget Sound Pts.. )llam)Pier 27
TO SAIL.
Rev. John Endicott Gardner, D. D., has
been appointed chief deputy to the inspec
tor in charge of the Chinese Bureau in
place of J. H. Barbour, transferred to
Portland, Or. Dr. Gardner has been act
ing for several years in the capacity of
Chinese interpreter and inspector for the
bureau. He has the reputation of being
the best Informed man in the United
States service on the dialects of China.
Owing to his unimpeachable integrity
and trustworthiness the Commissioner
General of Immigration and Secretary
Cortelyou of the Department of Com
merce and Labor sent for Dr. Gardner
recently and consulted with him relative
to the transfer of the Chinese Bureau
from the Treasury Department to the
new department of which Secretary Cor
telyou is the head.
SB. GARDNER PROMOTED
IN CHINESE BUREAU
One of the Best Chinese Scholars in
America, He Is Now Chief
Deputy.
¦MAYFIEL.D, July 8.— The measure of
Incorporation for this place, and which
includes the subdivision known as Col
lege Terrace, was carried by a vote of
102 for to 26 against. Chris DucKer. A. B.
Clark, L. Distel and A. Peers were elected
trustees. There was a tie vote between
J. P. Ponce and Peter Town for trustee.
May field to Be Incorporated.
LOS ANGELES, July *8.— Frank P.
Feiten of Cleveland, who forged the'as
sumed name under which Joseph Czol
gosz,' brother of the assassin, was travel
ing while In Los Angeles, was fined $250
in the United States District Court to
day. Feiten obtained $15 on a postal
money order by forging Czolgosz's name.
Forger Sentenced to Pay a Fine.
Steamer. Frcm. I Due.
Lnkm? San Pedro ....July 9
Coquille River San Pedro ' July fl
Enterprise.... Hilo July 0
Montara..... Seattle ..|July 9
Arctic. ..¦..•... Humboldt ., ....I July »
Colon........ New \ York via Panama. I July »
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma I July 9
Arcata coob Bay &. l J t. Orfonl.iJuly u
Del Norte descent City.; |Juiy t>
Redondo. "..... San Pedro 'July it
Centennial.... Portland ¦ iJuly 9
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. .| July 9
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... July 9
Santa Roia... San Diego & Way Pts. July n
Cenlialia Grays Harbor. July 10
Corona....^., liumholdt • IJuly 10
Sun Pedro San Pedro IJuly 10
Der.derah..... Hamburg & Way Pts.lJuIy 10
Point Arena .. Volnt Arena IJuly 10
R. Dollar San:Pedro IJuly 11
Chico Conutlle Kiver [July. 11
Rival....:.... Willapa Harbor [July 11
Mineola *iaco.:.a ..:~ iJuly ll
Phoenix Mmdocmo k Pt. Arena! July 11
Kurrka Humhol.it ...: ....IJuly 11
Quttr Puget Sound . Ports... IJuly 11
Ecrlc China & Japan V.|July 12
Kdlthrv S»attie |july 12
State of Cal.. San Diego «; Way Pts.tJuly la
Anro E«-l River: Ports (July'lK
Pomona Humholdt IJuly I*
Com Day San Pe«lro & Way Pts. July 13
G. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria July 14
Coronadb..... Grays Harbor...... July 14
Rainier. Seattle* Whatcom... . July 15
City Sydney.. x ew York via Panama: July 15
City Puebla... Puger Hound Ports July 1(5
Lothian HcnKk'g via Manznnl!lo|July 17
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. IJuly IS
Nor-hFork... Humboldt IJuly 1«1
>--Maru China & Japan IJuly. 21
Alameda.'. ... • Honolulu IJuly 21
Umattlla « Puset Sound Ports IJuly ?l
Herodot. . ; Seattle I July 21
LOS ANc-JL.ES, July S.— In the case of
Frank S. Wingard, a druggist of Long
Branch, against the city authorities of
that' place, Judse Trask to-day filed an
opinion holding that search warrants is
sued for the purpose of breaking up so
cial club traffic in : liquor are unconstitu
tional.-Wingard resisted the officers when
they attempted to raid his place of busi
ness, armed with a search warrant. The
court holds that such resistance was jus
tified and that the City Recorder had no
power to issue a search warrant.
Court Justifies Druggist Wingard.
The big British tramp steamship Heathdene
arrived yesterday twenty-three days from
Karatsu. Her cargo consisted of 6000 tons of
ccal.
*
Big Cargo of Coal.
The names of three vessels were added yes
terday to the overdue list and all at the un
usual rate of 6 per cent. The Russian bark
Hermls, out 122 days from Fremantle for
Shanghai; the British phlp Milton Park, out
100 days from Liverpool for Frcmn.ntle. and
the British ship Marechal Suclict. out 119 days
from Nfw York for Melbourne, are the three
additions. The rate quoted on the Samaritan
remains at 10 r>er cent.-
The Pacific Ccast ' Steamship Company's
Curacao, which Fails to-day for Mexican ports,
will carry a full list of passengers. Atnonu
those we!! known here are Mrs. C. H. Ward
and Dr Margaret Collrr.an, who are making
the round trip in the cmart white coaster. Ml«s
Kaiser, daughter of the United State* Consul
at Mazatlan. will be another passenger.
• ' -• -•? « .
Three New Overdues.
Curacao Sails To-Day.
Her passengers were:
John S. BradFtreet, O. A. Currle. Rev. Frank
Garrett, A. G. Gray. J. Major, Mrs. E. A. Mer
rill. W. S. Perry, W. A. Pinkerton. MIks M.
Roach, J. P. Trafton, II. E. Whitney. Mrn. W.
E. Marr and infant, Mrs. E. J. Mu!r, W. T.
McLennon, Dr. J. Drier. E. B. Cook, II. W.
Getchell. Mrs. Frank Garrett and two chil
dren, lire. A. O. Gray. Hiss :.I. M. McDouga.lI.
D. II. AToon, Mrs. W. S. Perry, Rev. M.
Sola. F. Van JCuys, Captain Berke
ley C. Williams. H. Marr. W. J. Half,
Ml5s M. D. Jones, It A. Gottwaid. E. E.
Casper. Lloyd Goble. Colonel H. Landon. E. A.
Merrill. Rev. B. lVrrer. Miss C. Pforlner. Mrs.
C. Richards. R. E. Ptalkincs, Mr* Wester
house, W. E. Marr. W. S. Wood, Mrs. W. J.
Hall and daughter. Kirk Munroe.
of Peking landed yesterday at the
Pacific Mail wharf. Except for its length
the voyage was uneventful and only those
passengers whofe business affairs suf
fered from the delay minded the slow
passage. The City cf Peking, old and in
firm as she is, is still fairly comfortable
for the passenger with plenty of time and
the aim of whose voyaging is more a mat
ter of sea air than rapid transit. Thirty
years of active service has left the liner
tired out and Irresponsive to ths encroach
ment cf hot fires and rushing steam. In
addition to the weight of years she drag
ged across the Pacific on her voyage just
ended as elaborate a growth of marine
vegetation and shells as ever get clutch
on a chip's bottom. As soon as her car
go is discharged ?he will be placed on
Hunters Point Orydoek and there reeive
the ministrations cf scrapers and
painters in preparation for another
voyage. The China, in whose place the
Peking is Failing, is not yet ready to go
into commission, therefore the Peking will
make one more Oriental trip.
She brought 230 paseer.gers, of whom 201
were Asiatics. Her cargo of 2724 ton* In
eluded 20,433 boxes of tea and fifty-eight
bales cf :;i!k. > She brought treas-ure val
ued at J38.700.
toys-sa HE passengers who arrived Tues-
I day night, thirty-cne days from
I the Orient and nearly nine days
"• from Honolulu on tho belated City
TO ARRIVE,
land, from New York for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded..
QUEKNSTOW N— Sailed July S— Stmr Aura
n!a, from Liverpool for New York; stmr Ulto
nlan, from Liverpool -for Boston.
.Arrived July 8 — Stmr Saxonia, from Boston
for Liverpool, and proceeded.
LIVEKPOOI^— Arrived July 8— Stmr Oceanic,
from New York; stmr Westernland, from
Philadelphia. . ¦ - . •
Sailed July 8— Stmr FrieslandJ for Philadel
phia; stmr Kmslngton, for Montreal; stmr Ma
jestic, for 'New York. !
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 8— Stmr Kais
er Wilhelm II, from Bremen for New York via
Cherbourg; stmr St. Paul (passed Hurst Castle
at l():05 p. m.)
YOKOHAMA— Sailed. July 8— Stmr Olympla.
for Tacoma. .J - .
*
Movement of Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 8— Stmr Neapoli
tan, from Naples, etc.;' stmr Calabria, from
Leghorn, Naples,, etc.- . ... ..,¦;
Hailed July 8 — Stmr Heligoland, for. Copen
hagen;'stmr New York, -for Southampton; stmr
Ryndam, . for . Rotterdam.' and : Boulogne; I stmr
Teutonic,- for Liverpool; ¦¦ stmr. California, for
Marseilles and Leghorn. ' ¦
ANTWERP— Arrived July. 8—Stmr:Philadel
phia, from • Philadelphia. . . *¦•..,;•:
- PLYMOUTH— Arrived July S-Stmr Deutsch^
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE — Arrived: July 4— Br ship Isle of
Arran. from Portland, Or. • ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ :
MOLLENDO— Arrived June 24— Br ship Ley
land Brothers, hence March 18.
NEWCASTLE. - NSW— Arrived June 2&— Br
bark Pass of Balhama, from Ea«t Londop.
July 6 — Brshlp Galgate, from Melbourne.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 21— Ger, stmr
Totmes. for Hamburg. ,
HULL — In port June 23 — Fr bark Eugenie
Fautrel. for. Seatle.
CALLAO — Arrived July 6 — Br ship Cocker
mouth, rrom Portland, Or. . ...
HAMBURG — Sailed July 2— Fr bark Eugenie
Fautrel. for Seatle. ' , - ' t -•¦••'
YOKOHAMA — Sailed July 6— Br Btmr Claver
inR, for San Francisco .via . Honolulu. ".
GIBRALTAR— Passed Julv 7— Br stmr Pak
Lin*, from Portland for Liverpool.- ~ •¦; ¦'¦¦>. •
HONGKONG — Arrived July 7— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. Prior to July
8 — Br stmr Tartar, from Vancouver.' ¦¦ .
DOVER — Passed July 8 — Br stmr Deucalion,
from Antwerp for . ¦ ' ' .
DELAGOA BAY — Sailed June 27 — Ship John
Currier, for Newcastle, . X8W, and not from
Cape Town. " • ' .
ACAPULCO— Sailed , July ¦¦¦ 4 — Stmr . Barra
couta, for San FrancUco. July 6 — Stmr City
of Sydney, for San 'Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Sailed July 7— Stmr Allianca,
for Colon. ..:•.. ¦ .
EASTERN PORTS.
Sailed July 8— Stmr Whltesboro, for San
Francisco; schr Dora.'Bluhm, for Umpqua
River: stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco;
schr W F Wltzeman. for Tacoma.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed July 8 — Fr war stmr
Prot«t. for San Francisco. . ¦ . - . •
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed . . July 8— Stmr
SanUi Rosa, for San Francisco. • .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed July S — Chll bark
CurEon. for Valparaiso. j . • • .•
. ABERDEEN— Sailed July 8— Schr Mahuko
na. for Sydney: schr W.J Patterson, for San
Pedro. ' : ¦' -- : ¦
BOWBNS LAXDIXG— Arrived July 8— Stmr
Xavfuro, hence July C; schr Newark, hence
July «. ' ¦ • " V $.¦?;¦> -- " ; '
Sailed July 8— Stmr Xavarro, for San Fran
cisco. . ' •
CASPAR — Arrived July 8 — Stmr Samoa, he
July 7. - " . ¦-....-•
. EVERETT— Sclled July 8— Bktn Chas. F
Crocker, for San Pedro. .¦ •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July S— Schr Coquille,
from Coquille River; pchr Fred E Sanders, fm
Grays Harbor; stmr San . Pedro, from -Port Los
Angelts; stmr Santa Cruz,- hence July 5;, schr
Emma Utter, from foos Bay; bktn Cecilia Sud
den, irom Seattle.
Schr Lizzie Prlcn, Anderson, 4 \j days from
Xehalem River.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, 16 hours from San
Vicente Landing. •
Schr Mary C Campbell, 0 hours from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July S.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; Pacific
Coast S S Co.
Strar State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
raciflc Coast S S Co.
J3r stmr Wyefield, Watson, Nanclmo; West
ern Fuel Co. • t
SAILED.
Wednesday. July 8.
Strr.r Poos Bay. Xicolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Whlttler. llacdonald, Kihel.
Stmr Scotia. Erlckson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Alcazar. Mai tin. Greenwood. _ ¦""""
Stmr Xaticnal City, Johnson. Fort Brastgr.
Jtktn FiiUerton. Brieman, Kihel. In tow of
stmr Whittler.
Bchr Lizzie Vance. Olssn, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jennie Stella, Ilansen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 8. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 16 miles an hour.
SPOKEN.
Xo date — Lat 2 S, long 30 W, ship Susque
hanna, from Baltimore for San Francisco.
May 17— Lnt 14 S. long u:i W. Nor bark
Theodor. from Rotterdam for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA — Arrived July S — Stmr Asuncion,
hence July ti. ' N
EUREKA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Corona,
ht-nce July 0. July N — Nor bark Barossa, from
Honolulu: schr Mabel Gray, from San Pedro.
Sailed July 8— Schr O M KcIIokk, for Hono
lulu; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco, with
barge In tow; Ptnir Fulton, for San Pedro;
stmr Arctic, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 7— Stmr Bertha, for
Valdes. July S — Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco. ' - - .
Arrived July 8 — Stmr Rainier, hencs July 4;
Etmr City of Puebla," hence July 5.
TATOOSH— Passed out July 8— Br ship Arrt
numurchan, from Port Blakeley for Valparaiso.
Passed in July 8— Nor stmr Titanla, from
San Difao for Nanalmo.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Prcntbs,
hence July 4.
Sailed July 8 — Bktn Chehalls, for San Fran-
IlEDONDO — Sailed July 8 — Bktn Mary Win
kelnian. for Grays Harbor. • ' • . • .. ' •
Arrived July 8— Schr Annfe Larsen, from Ta
coma.
GP.AYS HARBOR— Arrived July 7— Stmr G
C LIndauer, hence^July 3. •
FORT TOWNSKXD— Arrived July S— Ship
Balclutha. from Nanaimo for Karluk. ,' •.
Sailed July 8 — Br ttmr Ivydene, for" Port
Blakeley:
Passed in July 8 — Br etmr Wyneric, for
Comox. . . . .
TACOMA— Arrived July S— Stmr MIneola,
hence July 3.
BANDON— Sailed July 8— Schr Onward, for
San Francisco. - ¦ * ¦ ¦- • - - ¦ • • • ¦
BIG BRITISH TRAMP STEAMSHIP HEATHDEXE. WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY AFTER'A TWEN
TY-THREE DAYS' JOURNEY FROM KARATSU, JAPAN, WITH A CARGO OF 5000 TONS OF COAL FOR
DISTRIBUTION IN THE LOCAL MARKET.
The alleKnt'or.s in the complaint are
said to be of a moat sensational charac
ter, but the papers have not yet been
made public. Judge Gaddis' heard the
complaint and petition in chambers and
upon the representation of the plaintiff
that the defendant is squandering her
money and that she is dependent upon
it for support and maintenance, appoint
ed W. L. Wood receiver. Hankel refused
to obey the order of the court and refused
to give the receiver the combination to
the safe. Both parties claim to bo in pos
session to-night. Interesting develop
ments are expected in court to-morrow.
WOODLAND, July S.-Sensational di
vorce proceedings were commenced here
this afternoon. A few months ago Carl
Hankel of Woodland was married to Miss
Georgia Brown, only daughter of E. W.
Brown, a wealthy resident of Davisville.
Brown put 14000 in the hands of Hankel
for the henefit of Mrs. Hankel, and they
leased the Byrns t one of the leading ho
tels of. the Sacramento Valley. There
have been rumors of discord and disa
greement for some time, but few people
thought that either party would resort
to such heroic measures.
Sensational Divorce Complaint Is
Filed by Mrs. Carl Hankel
of Woodland.
WIFE CLAIMS HUSBAND
SQUANDERS HER MONEY
The Standard Oil Company was as
signed 200 feet of inner berth space et the
south side of the new wharf at the foot
of Sixteenth street. The privilege of
placing two pipe lines under the wharf
poes with the assignment. The sum of
5C2 50 a month, exclusive of tolls and
dockage, is to be paid for the berth.
The Union Oil Company was assigned
400 feet of berth space on the south side
of the same wharf at a rental of J125 a
month, exclusive of tolls and dockage.
Pipe line privileges and rights of way
for a spur track from the Santa Fe line
go with the assignment. John Baker Jr.
of the Union Oil Company wanted the
board to guarantee twenty-five feet of
¦water.
Commissioner Kirkpatrick said he would
vote against any assignment containing
a stipulation as to depth of water. Com
mirsioner Mackenzie was not ready to
guarantee twenty-five feet. President
Sp«ar declined to entertain any deep
water proposition. Mr. Baker wanted
something more for his 5125 a month than
berth space of 400 feet, pipe line privileges
and railroad track concessions. He
asked if exclusive privileges went with
the assignment. The president replied:
"The form of assignment provides that
we can use the berth when you are not
using: it."
Chief Wharfinger Welch reported that
the west side of Steuart-street wharf
could be made available and the board
resolved to utilize the valuable space.
The^onipenmlon of two blacksmiths
was raised to J4 a day.
The Board of State Harbor Cotnmis
sicners met yesterday afternoon. Percy
Henderson was appointed to audit tolls
during the pleasure of tim ooard. Tho
compensation was fired at 5200 per month.
The Cornrclssi oners apprehend that it
is prudest to establish a system where
by the anour.t of freight discharged at
the various wharves extending over a
space of seven m!le3 may be accurately
ascertained. Hitherto the report from
the chip has been accepted without veri
fication.
JeOrson TVhite cf LiCS'Angelcs was ap
poiKfeo" collector, vice J. A. Sullivan. The
salary attaching to the position is $100 a
month.
Walter F. X. Parker cf Los Angeles
visJted tfce office of the board yesterday
afternoon.
Attorcej- Dcvsa reported that the beard
had the right to rise a certain described
block on the water front for a free mar
ket. Secretary Foy reported that new
insurance approximating 530,000 had been
placed on new wharves and offices be
longing to the State.
ESTIMATES FOB IX)CKS.
Chief Engineer Norton was directed to
prepare estimates for two new docks for
the Pacific Mali Steamship Company.
Kach wharf will be 123 feet wide and 800
fe«>t long. The Commissioners briefly con
sidered the advisability of establishing aji
independent electric plant for lighting
State properly. The bills for Ught
amount to £23,000 per annum.
Commissioner Kirkpatfick said the Pal
ace Hotel, using more than 7000 lights,
did net pay 525,000 a yecr. The Commis-
Fior.crs will ascertain the number of
liglits used by the State, and also obtain
from an expert figures relating to the
< xpense of installing and operating a
piant.
Bids as follows were received for re
constructing Fremont-street wharf:
Dundon Bridge and Construction Company.
t5l'J0 30; Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific Company.
flO.fiK; Hyd* Construction Company. £9351 50;
Darby I^aydon $10,134; City Strret Improve
ment Company, 5902?. f>4; S. D. Le Clair,
$«S*5 80; James A. ilcMahon. $0891 TO.
The contract was awarded to S. D. L#e
C.air. the lowest bider.
Informal bids for 260 tons of cement
were opened. The proposals were: E. B.
& A. L. Stone Company, SU 72 per ton;
J. D. Bpreckcls Bros. & Co., $11 90 per
ton; W. It. Grace, $13 70 per ton. When
Tbe figures were disclosed it was ascer
tained that the cost of the entire quan
tity on the lowest bid would be $3047 23—
or $47 20 in excess of the amount the
Commissioners could expend without ad
vertising for bids. Mr. Stone of Oakland,
representing' the lowest bidders, was quite
willing to relieve the board of embarrass
ment by knocking off $4" CO from his bid.
The Commissioners referred the subject
to Attorney Davis and the legal counselor
did not commend such action. All the
proposals were set aside and other infor
mal bids will be solicited. Tbe cement
is needed for the new ferry slip.
ROOM FOB OIL COMPANIES.
With reference to the complaint of Mr. Pot
ter regarding the publicity given to the matter.
1 have to state that Information as to such
matters should not be given to the public press
by customs officials unless or until it Is clearly
apparent that there was a willful Intent to
violate the revenue laws.
Mr. Potter is one of the commissioners
for the St. Louis Exposition.
The Secretary of the Treasury: has in
structed Acting Customs Collector Hamil
ton to remit the fine of |651 heretofore Im
posed upon Henry 8. Potter, a passenger
on the America Maru, In whose baggage
several undeclared dutiable articles were
found of the total value of $a7. The Sec
retary states that Mr. Potter had no in
tention of concealing the goods for the
purpose 1 of evading the payment of the
duty. .':'.v
Mr. Potter and his wife left for the
Orient on the steamship Coptic on March
18 with two trunks.. They /returned with
three trunks and three valisea.
The report of Customs Inspector Joseph
Head, made to the Collector of the Port
et the time the undeclared goods were
found in the Potter baggage, reads as fol
lows:
Part of the goods we found concealed In the
sleeves and folds of the garments in the pas
sengers* baggage. None of the said articles
were entered and declared ln / the annexed en
try of baggage declaration provided for such,
purposes. The attempted and the
taiiure to enter or declare said goods was an
evident intent to evade payment of the duties.
Among: the" undeclared articles were
doilies, drawn work, kimonos and other
articles of use and ornament. V? '
The letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury contains this paragraph:
Informal Proposals for Ce
mant Exceed Estimates
of the Engineer.
Dutiable Goods, Undeclared'
Found Concealed in His
Baggage.
Percy Henderson Elect
ed to Audit Tolls
on Freight
He Obtains Return of
Money Paid as Cus
toms Fine.
HARBOR AFFAIRS
ARE DISCUSSED
POTTER'S POTENT
PULL PREVAILS
TIRED WORKS AND A RANK MARINE
GROWTH ON BOTTOM RETARD LINER
Passengers Who Come From Orient and Honolulu on Belated Steamship
City of Peking Are Landed at Pacific Mail^Wharf and Only Those
Whose Business Suffered Through Lengthy Voyage Make Cbmplaint
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY,; JVIjX 9, ,15n/3»
'The ' Time . Ball on : the Ferry : building waa
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Green
wich time. • - J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., la charge.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrogranhlc Office, U. S.N., .Mer
chants'-Kxchange, ;; San ' Francisco, Cal.,
• i July 8. 1003. " *
Times and Heights of High and Low
at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of- the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high ' and low waters occur at
the • city front ' (Mission-street wharf) • about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide Is the game at both places.
THURSDAY. JULY 9. •
Sun rises • 4:54
Sun sets '.........?. ..7:34
Moon set* ..-...., .4:00 a. m.
« Time ¦ Time Tlmel ITimei
5' Ft Ft. f Ft. I 1 Ft.
q L W H W , L W| |H W|
9 5:24—0.5 12:40 4.8 B:07 3.1 11:11 5.3
10 5:55 — 0.4 1:15 4.0 6:4(1 3.1 11:48 6.2
11 0:27—0.2 1:50 4.9 B:28 3.1 -
H W - L Wi ¦ H W L W ¦ :
12 0:27 HO 6:59 0.0 2:20 4.9 7:13 3.0
13 1:08 4.7 7:."0 0.3 2:48 4.9 8:02 2.9
14 1:50 4.5 8:03 0.6 3:10 5.0 8:57 2.6
15 3:38 4.2 S:45!.1.O 3:50 5.1 9:B8 2.3
16 1:3:401 :;.9| 9:30| 1.5 4:25| 5.1|10:40 ¦ 1.9
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand - column and the . successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time . column gives the last i tide of the
day, -except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes, occurs. - The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts,' except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted - from ths depth given by
the . charts. . , The , Diane of . , reference la the
mean of tbe lower low . waters. ' -
10
Only those who use. it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
Established orer too years.' _
EAXLWAT TBAVgL.
California
Limited...
aajjTA FE TRAINS.
Leav« Market-street F.rry Pel**.
" — fiscal I IJm'dJ Local jOVrtd
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a «:30 a 4:00 p *™ p
"^rtfleid.^pSf 5 ::::::: b:
•• Kansas City 2:33 a •
"Cblcago 2:15 p M "
a. for morning; p for afternoon.
i&mTTuM, Is Bakersfleld Local, ttop.
ping at all points Jn San /"••H 1 " V *"^,g
responding train arrives at 8 :55 *»»•«»?'[-.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday lJ tarn
CAiaroSNZA I.TMITOP. oarryla»F»I-
ac« Sleepina; Cara and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car rum to BaK«r*.
field for accommodation of locaj flrst-clasa pa*.
sengers No second-class tickets are nonore<»
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
930 a. m Dally. Valley Limited. CorapoalU
Car and Recltninfe Chair Car between Bakera.
ftetff'and San Francisco. Correspondln* trata
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4 00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. daily Is the Overland Expres*
with through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
I Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago; also
1 Palace Sleeper, which cuts our at Fresno. Cor-
i re*pond!n* train arrives at 6:33 p. m. dally.
I Personally conducted parties for Kan«4j City.
; Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Msnday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — All Market street and in Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
X»,u, !•£• »-j»5 &f c *S .•"•'• •*
qiatn IAie. yoo« •< Marlcec Btreet >
t»AV» — Fbom Jnxa 21. HOP. — *nwi
7 W* Beniol*. Boisoc ttlalra »n4 Basra-
nentn J-S*
7.C0a Tsesvtlle. w-JnUrs.Rusi»«y........ 7.2S»
7^0 a Martrnez. Baa Ramoo, Tsllejc*
Nsp*. Callstoga, Saata Kota. *^5*
i 7.30a Ulles. LatUrop. Stockton 7.25>
' 8.00a r»» Ik. Ww-ilard. Kn1«hu Lanutac.
f - Msrysvllle. Orevlllo. <coanecta
atMary»vffle tor Ortdley. Btgg*
andChleo) ,2*5S*
1 ICOa Atlantic Exnres*— Ogdea sntf East. 10.25a
1 8.C0a Fort Covta, Msrtioea. AaUoeh. By-
ron.Tr»cy,8»o«kto».Sacr»aBe»l«,
Los Csnos. Mendot*. Baaf*r«.
; Vlsali*. Fort«rv112e ««4.2S»
8.00a fortCctta.MArtJaea.Latlirop.Mo-
deato. Merced. Fretno. Ooabea
JubcHoh. Hinford. VlsaMa,
! Bakertfleld 6.2S>
! 8-30a Ehatta Express— Pavla, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). "Wlllowi.
TFrnto. Bed BJnff. Portland 7.SB>
I 8 .30a KJles. 8a« Joee. Ltvmnere, Stoek-
U>n,Ion«.SacT»me»ti»,na«eTvllla,
| JIary*»il!*>. Cbleo. Ecd HiuS 423*
8.30a Oftkdale. Chlaese. Jamestown. Bo
norm. Tnolamne and Angela .%... 4.2BV
900a Martlnes aad Way Stations 8 55*
1000a Vallejo -. 1Z2S*
• 1000 a CresceatClty Express. Xastoovnd.
—Port Costa, Byron, Traey. La-
throp. StoezUm. Merced. Bay- .
x mood. Tresno, Hanford. VlnUa, 4
... - Ba&ertflHd. Ixm Angeioa aa4 - i
r New Orteaa*. ("Wfettxrona ar-
rive* ss Pariac Coast Express.
via Ccsst Ltae> «l.JCt
10.00a The Ovrrland Limited — UsUea.
Denver, Omaba. Cbtcago. 6 2S»
12.00m Haywsrd. Mies and Way 8taUona. 3.?5f
1 1 .OOr Sacramento Kiver Steamers.. til .00'
330p Benlela. ¦Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Willisins. Co!a««.WH-
lows. Knights Landing. Marya-
vllie. OroTille aad way nutioas.. 1038a
3 30? Hay ward. Kile* «ad Way Stations.. 7-fiV
4 COr M»rt!nri.SsiilUBion.V»lleJo,N»pa,
Calistogs, Sant* Roaa ... 923a
4.00r Mxrt:ner..Trsu-T.L*lhrop.Stocktoa. 10i5A
4 COp >:>». LIvermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4-25r
430r Hsyward. X lies, lrrington, Saa i 18.65a
Jcse. Livermore t Ml. 65a
6 COf Tte Owl Lrsnlted— Fret bo. Tvlara.
liiiteistleiil. Loi Angeles; con-
nect* at Ssogus for Eaata Bar-
bnrit 8.68a
6. COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Los
EaDoa.. 12.2S*
tS.JOP Niles. San Jose Loc«l 7.25*
6 COr Hitywnrd. Kl>» nn<l S«o Joe 10-2S*
fi.COr Orleatal Mail — Oxdea. Deaver. -, -
Omaba. St. Lools. Chlesgo an<t
East. (Carries Pullman Car paa>
•coeers cr!y out of Saa frmn-
elsco. TonrUt ear and cvtcS
parsengers Uke 7.G0 r. m. trsln
to Reno, eoatlnving thence In
their cars* r.M. train eastward.. 4-2S»
We«tbound, Sunset Limited..—
From New Tork. Chicago. New
Orleans. El Paso. Los Aagalea.
Fresno. Beresda. Raymond < from
TcM-mite), Martinez. Arrives.. 8 2Sa
7X0r Esn Pab:o. Port Costa, Martiaes
and Way SuUoaa. 1125*
i J7C0r Vallejo 7.|5»
7.0Cr Port Costa, Btnlel*. Snlian, Darla,
; Sacramento, Trucke*. Reno.
Stops at all statloaa east of
!• - Saersmento ...................... 755a
8X5r Oregon * California Exprnss— 6«c-
rameoto, M»rysrllle, Reddtng.
Purtland. Paget Sound and East. 8-68*
19.1 Cr Bayward. N lies and San Joae (Sun-
day only) 111.55*
11.26? Port CoKta, Tracy, Lalhrop. Mo-
' desto. Mercetl. Raymond (to To-
¦emite). Fresno 12 55»
Hunford. Yltalla. Bsiterifleld 8.26F
COAST LINE~n«im«r tJaaj.V
(Foot of Market Street.) '
17.46* Santa Crux Exenrston (Saaday
only) . *8.10s>
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Joae,
Krirffn. Bouluer Creek. Saata
Croi and Way Stations.......... (28r
12.15f Kewark. Centervllle. Saa Joso,
New Alrcaden. Lo» Gato«,7eItOB.
Boalder Creek. Santa Crux and
.,_ W»< Jr»l Way Buttons 1033*
4-iBP Kewark. San Jeee. Los Gatos and
way gutlons (oo Saturday and
frogday rnns through to Santa
Crux, connects at Felton for
:.»" Fonlder Creek. Moaday only
' from Santa Cnu) tt.88 *
_ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAJ4 It KAN CISCO. *oot of Market St. (SUpO
— tT:15 3:00 11:00a.m. LCD 300 5.15 r.M
From OAKLAND. Coot of Kroadway — tfl-.GO 18-Ib>
1t:to 10:00 a.m. 12C0 200 400r.it.
COAST LINE (Bread «*¦*.).
( f gird and l'own«end Streets.)
6.10a 8aa Jone and Way SUtions 7.30r
17 COa Pan J«>e«> and Way .stations 8-30r
11 COa NewAlmaden f*.\Q+
17-15* Monterey and Santa Cnu Kxcnr
•ion (Snodny only) t8-3Qr
©8 CO* Co»»tLlD^ Llm'.ifd — StopsonlySaa
Jose.Gllroy.Holl1Mer.Pajaro.CM-
troviiie. S."UUia». Saa Ardo.Pa*et
Kettles. Santa Margarita. San Lois
<Jbifpo,(prtsrlp*]sut!oDsthenoe)
Eanta Barbara, and Lea An*
nelet. Connection at Castrtrr ill*
to sod from Monterey snd Pacific
GroTe and at Pajaro north bound
frcm Capltola and SantaCrns.... 10-43*
8C0* San Jose. Tres Pino*. Capitola.
SaataCrnz.Paetflc Orove.Saltaas,
Fan L«!» Obispo and Principal
lntetmediate Stationn 4.19*
IV r»t bound only. Pacific Coaat Ex-
¦re»a.— Frcm New Tork,Chl«gev
Kew Orlean*. El Paio. Lea An-
! !„ __ _ tele*. Santa Barbara. Arrives.. 1.30»
•OfOA San Jose and Way Stations 1.20»
11 50a fc tn Joae, Lot Gatot and Way Sta-
tion* .-. 5.3e>
• «!n 6 " B Jo»e«nd Way Sutlons x 7 00f ¦
.*j«10i» Ban Joae and Way Stations tS.4IU
UaXOrDej Monte Kipre»»-Sent» Clara.
• Ban J« »e. Del Monte. Monterey.
l'^rlflc Grove (cooDecta at Santa
Crara for Santa Cm*. Boulder
,__ Creek and Xarrow Gaas-e Potnu) t12-1i»
•34Cr Burthwme. Ssn Ma tro. Redwood,
MenioPark. Palo Alto, Majfleld.
Mountain View. LawTence, Junta
C'Uih. San Jose, Gtlroy (conneo
tlon for Hoiiimcr. Tres Pino*),
Psjaro (connection for Wataoa-
vUIe. Capitola and Eanta Crux).
Pacific Grove, and way stsilonn.
Connects at Castrovllle for 8a-
Unit*. 10.45a
' •5'55 F Saa Jo»e SDd Way Statioa* .... 8J3a
,»T5X0r San Jos*. (*!» Sun ta Clara > Los
OatoK, Wright and Principal Way
StaUoos. .. tinrii
•1S.16r 8anMatro.B*rMford,Belniont.Sai> im - m *
Carlos, Uedwond. Fair. Oaka, .
Menlo Park. Paio Alto t«4R»
C.3Cr San Jo«e aod Way Statlona SjaT
•7X0r Snmet Limited. Kaatbound.— Saa *""
Lois Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Los
Aogeiea, Demlng. El Paao. New
Orleans, Xrw Tork. (Westbound
- arilvesvl«S»i»J«,aqBroValley>... «HI e<»
8.C0J- Palo Alto andWayStallonZ:....: miii
«11.30i MUlbrae.Pal» Alto and Wa> s£ 18^
• 11 30r imibraiC'san* Jom" andWiy'sul t94to
tloB :....
XS.fnra r ., M .°S 1 s" n K nd.yoaly. 1 ' fO ' Aft -»«^
t Stopa at all nation* oa Sunday.
1 Sonday excepted. . t Sunday only.
. o Saturday only. * «¦"*. ,
i Connect* atGoahea Je. with tralas for Hua»i
Stops Santa Oara aoath bound onrr " —
except Snnday. for all potnu XmtrK&n*mr^^
JlX>tl not lion at Yala^«> gt, . "*°** .
BATLWAT TBAVEXb .
See Salt Lake City
on Yonr Way East.
In many ways it is tho most interesting
city on the American Continent. You
may enjoy a visit there if yon join a
Burlington Roate Personally Conducted .
; Tourist Party. Thej leave for the
East three time3 a week.
Another attraction is the Rocky
Mountains, whose grand panorama
unrolls before your eyea for 700 milea.
Let me tell you about the trip. Drop
me a postal, or call.
W. D. SANBORN, Can'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St., San Francisco, Ca!.
689 Phone. Main 1188.
Steamship 5
! Tickets.
I At this office — 623 [ |
I Market Street — you I j
I can buy tickets to |
I and from Europe \
i almost every line y !
I crossing the Atlantic |
I — the slowest as well U \
I as the fastest; the H
J cheapest as well as the &
j highest priced. y
j Now is the time to |
reserve berths and this h
is the place to reserve | ;
them. a !
nn riWitii'Mn Gen*l Western Agt., H;
! J
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN K J. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAV COMPANY.
Trourcn T:vrj, x'oot of Marbat St.
SAK FSAKCISCO TO SAH EAPASL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 •- m. ;
1S:35. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:60. «J:St> and ll:J0
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. S:CO. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAA KAiAiil, !i v ...t.M f*i.£i CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <i:05. 0:60. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. |
11:15 a. m.: 12:50, t2:00. 3:40, 5:00. 6:2t>. j
0:25 p. re. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — ti:GO. 7:o5. 9:2O. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 6:2u. 6:1U, «:25 p. m. "fEx-
cfpt Saturdays.
Leave j la Bflect j Arrive
San FrancHco.| May 3. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- f Destina- I Sun- I Wwk
Daya. i days. | tlon. | daya. | Dayi.
7T30a! 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a! S:0Oa 8:40a »:40a
ft:C0a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:*> i\
2:30 p 2:."i0p 8:00 p «:2Op
5:10 p 0:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7 :::0 a 7 :30 a 7:45 a| 7:43 a
8:C0a S:00a Nova to. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
t:10p 2:30 p nai 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 al 7:30 a 110:20 a 10:20 a
8:0<»a| 8:00a Tulton. I 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 pj 2:30 p I 7:23 p
I | Windsor. | I
7:30 al 7:30 al Heald^burgr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I I Lytton.
2:30p|2:C0p{ Gey»ervll!e. i:»p 7:23 p
I | Cloverdale^ f
7:3Oa| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2;:wp| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 » |
7:30 a| 7:30a| Wlllits.' 1 7:25 p| 7:25 p j
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. |10:2O a!10:2t) a
3:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle | 7:25 p[ «:20 p
K:00a| 8:00 al Sonoma. f\ I S:40a| S:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|7:30a| • 110:20 a!10:20 a j
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:25 pi 6:20 p I
STAGES connect at Or«en Brae for San I
Quentln, at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur {
Spring^; at Fulton for Altrcrla and Mark j
West Springs; at Ly;ton ror Lytton :» prime*: |
at GeyservlHe ror Ska^Ks Spring?; at Clove>-- |
dale for the Geysers,' Booneville and Green- )
weed; at Hopland tor Duncan Springs, High- j
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs. I
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, LlerljTs, Bucknell's. Sanhedrlrj
Heights, Hullville. Orr*3 Hot Springs. Hait.
¦way House. Ccmptche, Camp Stevens Hop-
kins, MenUoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westpurt
Usal; »t Wlllits for Fort Brag«. Westpor:. I
Hherwcod. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cum- '
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer i
Garbervllle, Peppcrwood. Scotia and Eureka '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. ChroslcJa
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
¦ • Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
[p@p2|ipi|||[LT0 SAN RAFAEL*
»MP®^ SAf! QL ' E N"HN.
l^wli!? W!LL VALLEY,
cazad:ro,etc.
WWT D A YS~(Holidays excepted)— J:4jJ.
t«7:45, 8:45. »:45. 11 "-^..12:20. -l:*^ 3:13,.
4:15. t5:15. t»:15. «:45. 0. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. re train week days does not run to
"SUNDAYS AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS-7.
2T35 'iAo. 5. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Thos*
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:15 p. ra. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runj
tO FKOlM'AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:15. J9:M.
11:05 a m.. 12:S0. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 9:30. tt:43.
J °8UNDAYS— «:«. 7:33 tsllO 0:40. JlO:53.
»l:45 . m., 12:50. 2:30. J3:i5^4:40. »:50.
«:6o, 7«35, 10:20 p. ni.
Train* marked <$> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:43. 6:40, 7:43. 8:23.
9:45. U:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:13. 5:10. 7:0$
1 SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:63. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1-05 2:40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10; 10:40 p. m.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. b.. week daya— Cazadero and way
stations. '
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomale* and way stations. • . .
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. rn.. Caza-
dero and way stations. - *
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Beyes und way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. . .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fi» Siutiite Iterj Arrive
SanPran. Put rflUrtrt 8l SanPran.
" Week Sun- m Smil WeS"
Daya- d*y« J&gffFttElEk. days Days.
9:45a ~8:OOa 1<!:OOn »7l3 A "
l:45r 9:OOa \^(l^^» 12:5Or 3:SOp
5:15p1O:OOa Vftt&^SjSy 3:3Op 3:5Op
11:30a 4t3S, _
l:»Op 5:45, .ZZT
.. ,.,..4,*:9&Ti 8:00r ...
fcterfcy* mtj, an ton T 9t80r t tn*wU. il-.tor
HttK j (K» Mas«t St^ (North Shore Radroad)"
VtiVM \ and Saotauto Fe»«.t, Foot Market SuFluctuations In local securities were numer
ous, but generally narrow. Gas and Electric
got back to $69% and was weak. Other gas
stocks remained about as before. The oil
stocks were quiet and featureless.
The California Street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend or 75
cents per' share yesterday.
The Andes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
Auguet 11. - -
Aztec OU Company declared a dividend of
2 cents per share, amounting to $4730. payable
July 6.
U. S. Oil and Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 1 cent per share, to become
delinquent July 30,- sale day Saturday, August
13. ¦
Stock and Bond Exchange. ,
WEDNESDAY— July 8—2 p. -in.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Is quar coup. — lll%[4s q c (new)153%13«%
Is quar reft. 110% 11 IVj 1 3s quar coup. lOSVi 100
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A TV 5s. — — ¦> Do con 5s. — 105
Bay C PC 5» — 106 Ok WCogtd5s — 100
C C GAE 5s. — 107% Ocanic SCoSs — 83
Cal-at C 6s... — — Om C R Da.124 123
C C Wat 5s. — 103 Pac G Imp!* 06% 93
Id L A P 6*. — 12S% P C Ry 5s.lO7% —
F A Cl R68.116% — P A C R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — P & O R 6s. — —
II C AS3%«.102% — Powell-st fi».116% —
H C & S 5a — 98 S E G&RS5s. — 105
Hon R.T.... — 1C8 S.F ASJV38.120 —
L A Elec 5». — — S R o( C Us.ltO —
L A L C 6». — • — SP Of A. 6s
L A Ry 3s. 113% — (1900) 107%100
bo B td (to. — — (1910) ....103 —
"T)o gtd 5s.lO« — SPofCSi" -
•U--A Plm5s.l03VilOl% ¦ (1005)Sr A. — 10AU
NEW YORK, July 8.— Spot tin declined £2
Gs «d In London to-day, closing at £123 17s «d,
while futures lost £1 15s, closing at £121' 6s.
In New York tin was also lower, • closing at
$27 15^27 40. - - „ •'.
Copper, however. wa« firmer in Ix>ndon. ppot
advancing 12s 6d to £S7 63 and futures 10s to
£50 15*. The New York market for copper t«
malned quiet and nominally unchanged, with
lake and electrolytic quoted at -QWQM 25 and
casting at ?13 50®14: :' • ..-
Lead was 2s 6d lower In London at £11 6s 3d
and unchanged locally at 14 12%. : • ¦ ¦
Spelter advanced 2s. Cd in London to £20 17s
Cti, but. like lead, remained unchanged here at
$5 87%0C. ¦' ' :'
Iron closed at 52s 4 d in Glasgow and at 46s
Od in Middlesboro. Locally iron was nominally
unchanged.- No^' 1 foundry. Northern. $19 503
20; No. 2 do, $18 60© ia; No: 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, $100
10 30. Warrants are nominal. •• : ..- t»
New York Metal Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks ...11.706 Wool, bales .... ' .V»
Wheat, ctls rt.ifif Feed, ska inn
Barley, ctls 3, 5»6 Shorts, sks 175
Oats, ctls 1.31S Screenings, sks.. 20«
Beans, sks 120 Hides, No. 1,097
Potatoes, sks . . 3.200 Pelt*. No gj).'»
?orn. ctla 6° Leather, rolls . . ;194
Onions. «ks .... 720 Wine, uals 61.475
Bran, sks 1.130 Lime, bbls fUO
Middlings, sks .. 850 Paper, reams ... 4»O
Hay, tons 9M Tallow, ctls ...; 227
Utraw. tons 3
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 8.
Receipts of Produce.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight .'.... — \ 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables..... . — . 1 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.... C2%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — B2%
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — A^r»
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ WHEAT— The foreign markets are quoted
dull and not disposed to move either way. The
woathflr In Europe is favorable.
Chicago advanced -at the opening, but fell
back. There was a moderate milling demand, j
but export business was slow. • Everybody was
waiting for the Government report on " Fri
day. Crop new* rrom the Northwest, was un
favorable.. The North Dakota yield will .be
light; the'recent rains did' not help and' the
rtools seem to be dead. It Is said that with :
Ideal -weather "the State mlftht get 60 per cent
of a crop. Threshing returns In the I South
west contlnuo poor, except In Southern Kansas
and Oklahoma, which have the biggest crop
and flenest quality on record. " •¦.:'
This market is strong, with a good demand
for 'cash grain. ' ; •
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the Merchants' Exchange the warehouse of the
Pacific Coast Warehouse Company at Crockett
was declared no longer "regular."
New Wheat. $1 35@1 37% for shipping and
$1 4001 45 for milting.
, ' CASH WHEAT.
California Club, " $1 40@l 42^; California
"White- Australian, $1 50@l 62%: Northern
Club. -$l 40@l 42%; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 48%@1 60; Oregon Valley. $1 47%. .
' FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. ¦-." High. ' * Low. 'Close.
December ...*1 38tf $1 3S& $1 37% $1 37%
, .-.« • 2 p. m. Session. ¦ , : •
Open. . High. Low. ' Close.
December ...SI 37% .SI 37&. H 37% II 37%,
BARLEY— The market was steady and fea
trueless at unchanged prices.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. new. $1 02%«81 05; new snipping.
$1100115; old Brewing, $1 15®1 20; Cheva
lier, $1 15@l 30 for fair, to choice.
. . .FUTURES. N .
• •¦': Session 0 to'll :30 a. m. "'
'-*.', Open. . High. Low. . Close.
December ... • «3>ic\ , 93%c " 03%-.* 83«ic
2 p.. m.".. Session. — J
•,- : Open.-,. High.. Low. Closed
December ... »3%c 83%o ( 93%c 93%c
OATS— The Government requirements hare
sharply hardened the market for Red and both
old and new are considerably higher, with
sales as high as $1 25. Other grades show
' little variation. . . ¦. , ,.
NewyRed. $t 18(81 25 per ctl.
Old crop— White; $1 17%@1 25; Black,
51 07%©l 10; Red. |l 12%®1 17% for common
and $1 2001 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — The- email, stocks -have resulted- in
¦ higher prices and the market Is. very strong at
the •aflvfcnee. '¦;-."¦ .„/"--' »" " r,»r> •.:•¦•.; :
California' large -Yellow, $1 30® 1 85; small
.round do,- SI 60@l-6fi; White, $1 30®l 35;
•Jigyptian.- $l>40tgl 45 for .-White an\ $1 20ii
T22H"for Brown. ¦-.•.. , •; . _.r\ -'-' •
-s. RYE— $110®l 15 -per ctl. . - •-. .
, BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl. 4 ., • .
FJour^and MillstUffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, |4 40®
LOGANBERR1KS— fl 60«2'50 per chest. !
BLACKBERRIES— $2 30©3 50 per chest.
CURRANTS — $2*63 50 per chest.
1 ' APPLK3— BOceSI 25 per bos arid 13®2Sc per
banket; Crabapples. 30<g50c per box. ¦
'¦'¦ PEARS— Bartletts. $1«*1 23 j>«r box: Dear
born Seedlings. 40fi50c per box and 30®l0c per
FIGS-'-Blaek. 23®35c for single-layer «nd 40
@65e for double-layer drawers; white, 25040c
tor Slngle-laver drawer*.
PLUMS— 25040c per box. 50e65c per crate
and 20®30c per 'basket. .-.
• PRUNES — Tragedy, 40®50c per crate and
35<550c per basket; other varieties, 60Q70e pei
' CHERRIES— Black; 75(P<)0c per box and 6®
8c per lb In bulk; Royal Anne. 73©S5c per box
and H«Rc ner : lb- - In ¦ bulk.
. APRICOTS— 65#75c per box or, crate; bas
kets from the "river. 25@40c; large open boxes,
$1: in bulk. $15«30 per ton.- .-. ,
PEACHES — 50®65c .for\small boxes, with
mme- fancy: higher; 'baskets from the river, m
©40c. •.:'-"¦"-.¦ •;•:•;•-" ¦ • ¦••*¦ a
MKLONS — Cantaloupes frtnn Coarhella..$2-50
©3 DO per crate; Watermelons, 10®25c each.
• GRAPES— Seedless Sultana from : Yuma. 75c
.®$l per crate. • -:. ¦ • ¦ > , ¦-.. ..- •
CITRUS ¦ FRUITS— Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock onlv.
¦ Receipts of Apricots from tbe river were
light, but all other frulis from that section
arrived freely and prices of basket lots ranged
lower. Trading wa-» chiefly local there being
little, or no demand far shipping, and small
packages of Peaches. Plums and Prunes stood
about as previously quoted. Occasional' lots
of fancy well-packed Peaches sold at a ' prem
ium over the quotations. Apricots in baskets
and crates were in rather limited supply and
sold readily at firmer rates. Bulk stock stood
as previously quoted and was bought -up by
the canners. The market was still badly con
gested, with wlndfalV Bartlett Pears and trashy
Apples, which were hard to dispose of. The
windfall Pears sold down to- 10c per large
open box. Good Apples and Pears were In
demand and firm. Receipts of Cherries were
very light and prices were well maintained.
Figs were a glut on tn> market and only the
choicest offerings received any attention.
Grapes from Yuma came to hand in poor con
dition and sqld slowly at sharply reduced
prices. Another car load of Cantaloupes came
In from Coachella.and cleaned up well at the
previously quoted rates. Watermelons were
well cleaned up; Cantaloupes from Winters
sold at $3 per full crate and Nutmegs from
the ¦ same section at $1 73 per box. Berries
arrived freely and changes In prices were
slight. The canners were still buying large
Strawberries and Loganberries at the mini
mum quotations. The top price of Logan
berries was obtained only In a peddling way
for the best stock.. Currants were generally
dull, and only fine large stock brought over
$2 50 per chest.
There was nothing new to report In Citrus
or tropical fruits, supplies of all descriptions
being ample. -
STRAWBERRIES — $5*37 per chest for Long,
worths - and $2«:» for the larger varieties.
- RASPBERRIES— $r»??6 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet and prices show no ohange, ruling about
steady. Common are quoted at 4ff5Vic; prime,
5V>@&Hc; choice. 6c: fancy. 6V4@7%c. ., , ,
PRUNES — Spot prunea continue to attract a
fair Jobbing demand and some cales for ex
port are reported. Prices are firm. at-3@7c
for all grades. • ". . - .
APRICOTS^ — Are steady and unchanged at
T,iG$ViC for choice and 10®12%e for fancy. ;
PEACHES — Are quiet and without feature-i
Choice. 707^0; fancy. «@10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, July 8.— FI^OUR— Receipts.
22.800 barrels; export, 10,401 barrels; less ac
tive, but held steady .at old prices. -
WHEAT — Receipts. 42,125 bushels; spot'dull.
No. 2 red. 8t%c elevator and 85%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, V>2%c f- o. -b.
afloat;. No. 1 hard Manitoba. 01 %c f.' o b.
afloat. ' Options opened easier on lower North
west temperatures, but soon rallied. The un
dertone became strong by midday. Influenced
by sharp advances In outside markets and re
ports of poor threshing returns from Illinois,
but later weakened with corn and closed "ic
lower. July. 84*4(g85He. closed 84%c; Sep
tember M •%*?*•.: a, <?; dosed 62%c; December,
Pl%i5S2i$c. closed 81%c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet. ' Futures closed
steady, net unchanged to 10 points higher.
Sales. 15.000 bags. Including: September.
3.00c; November. 4.00c; 'December, 4.30c; Jan
uary. 4.60c: June. 4.65c.
SUGAR — Raw and refined steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Creamery Butter is again getting unsettled,
and prices have a wider range, as will be
seen. The feeling U. firmer and th* tendency
is to advance quotations if possible. Some
houses are reporting interior orders from a
number of tuwns which have not bought in
this market for several months.
Prices for Cheese remain stationary
Eggs are firm at the advance, with 'receipts
.merely fair and the demand good
Receipts. were 125,900 lbs Butter, 1522 cases
Eggs and 39,800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, first hands. 23%!$24%c
dairy, 22023c; store Butter. 17©20c; Eastern
ladle-packed, nominal.
CHEESE— N«w,.ll%@12c; Young America,
12>i@13c; Eastern. 16ii@17c; "Western. i2Hc
per pound. - • . |
EGGS— Ranch. 19©22c; store. lftgiSc; East
ern. 17@19o per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, July 8.— Consols 02 15-16; silver,
24%d: French rentes. 07f 67%c; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; English country
markets, partially dearer.
LIVERPOOL. July 8.— Wheat, firm; No 1
Standard California. 6s 6%d@ds 7d; wheat in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON — Uplands, 6.22d.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6@
6%c per lb: White Lead,^®6%c. according to
quantity. -\.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aB follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.63c;
.Powdered. 5 60c; Candy Granulated. 5.50o; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.3<Vi: Confectioners' A,
5 40c: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c; (JoHen
C 4.S0C: "D;" 4.70c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrets. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 5O-1b bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels
n 00c: boxes. 6.15c per lb. - No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Us equivalent.
OIL — Linseed. 6Ic for boiled and 49c for raw
In barrels: cases. Sc more; Castor Oil In
cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lu
col. 46c for boiled and 44c for raw In barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels 90c;
cases, 95c: China Nut. 57ViS'i2c per gallon:
pure. Neatsfoot. in' barrels. 75c: cases. 80c;
pure. 70c; Whale Oil, natural white.
60i955c per gallon: Fish OH. In barrels 45c:
cases. 50c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels? 5Sa for
Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil Jn bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral 20%c:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star 24%c; Elaine. 2«Hc;
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized <Jtove Gasoline In
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c: 84-degreo Gasoline, in
bulk 21c; In cases. 27Uc
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon In cases and
64c In drums and Iron barrel?.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton,.*^ Seattle, $« 30; Bryact. ?8 50: Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: WalUend.
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $13: Welsh Lump. $11 30; Cannel. $3 SO
per ton; Coke. $11 50Q13 per ton in bulk and
$13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton, according
to brand. . '..."- * •
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5Kc; San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. GVic CUc and 7 l ic for
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
LONDON". July S. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,000 bales.
A good supply of Merinos sold at rate* slightly
below the May average. Some Merinos were
withdrawn, as bids were half below sellers'
views. Crossbreds were in spirited demand
and the home trade and France operaed freely.
Scoureds sold chiefly to Germany. Fine Cape
of Good Hope and Natal wools were firm. The
Buenos Ayres -offerings, were' withdrawn, as
bids were too low. Lambs' wool was in strong
demand for FranW aftd Germany at an ad
vance of, 10 per -cent. ¦ ¦ . .
London Wool Sales.
/Receipts of domestic Poultry were liberal
and a portion of the car of Hens that came in
from. the West on the preceding day was still
on hand. .Except for strictly fine large young
stock the market had an easy tone, Hens es
pecially being very dull. Prices, however,
were unchanged. Hare and Rabbits were In
light receipt and moved slowly at the previous
ly quoted rates. Some Wild Pigeons came In
and were offering at $1 50 per dozen
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese
per pair. $1@1 25; Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks.
$3 50@4 60 per dozen for old and M©5 for'
young; Herts. $1 50®5 60: young Roosters. $85)
10; old Roosters, $4 50®5 50; Fryers, $4 30@6;
Broilers. $3 50@4 for large and J2 5O©3 for
small; Pigeons. $1 60gl 75 per dozen for old
and SI 75 for tquabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@r 50 per dozen-
Hare. 75cg$L
Poultry and Game.
ST. LOUIS. July $.— WOOL— Steady to firm.
Medium grades and combing. 18{?2M£c; light
fine. 16@lbc; heavy fine. ll@16c; tub washed,
10@29c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW YORK, July 8.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 7 to 18 points and
closed. firm at a net gain for the day of 3 to 13
points. . •' ' : . . . ,.
NEW ORLEANS, July 8.— Cotton Irregular;
middling, 13%c. „
New York Cotton Market .
NEW YORK. July 8.— Professional traders
made another unavailing attempt to awaken
some degree of activity in the stock market
to-day. During the early market the. rate of
activity was tqual to the expanded dealings
of the latter part of yesterday, but the sub
sequent relapse was in such a complete stag
nation that the total dealings for the day
dropped back to about the lowest level for the
year. In the light of this morning's develop
ments yesterday's list drive in United States
Steel stocks stemed to have no other purpose
than to have a better vantage ground for an
upward start. The statement cf the corpora
tion's earnings for the quarter Just pacsed
with Its decrease of over $1.200.000. from the
corresponding quarter of last .year was no
worse than had been expected and the slight
increase reported in June estimated earnings
compared with June earnings of last year was
regarded as a favorable feature. The com
mon and preferred stocks were lifted about a
point on the strength of this showing. In th«
active railroad lint. St. Paul and Missouri Pa.
clfic were the only stocks to gain as much ai
this. The further engagement of $1,600.00Q
gold for export and the early sharp rally In
the cotton .market eeemed to have no effect
in checking the rise in stocks. It was after
cotton had reacted that the unresponslveness
of the stock market to the stimulation of light
professional buying was perceived. Prices
thereupon sagged off and the whole market fell
back into its rut cf stagnation. Reports have
been current lor sex'eral days that insiders were
buying Erie stocks on the certainty that the
directors to-day would advance the first re
ferred dlvid«id to 4 per cent, and declare a
2 per cent dividend on the second preferred.
Credulous traders who have followed this "In
side" baying learned to-day tin inquiry that
no directors' meeting i« in contemplation for
three weeks. The Incident is characteristic
of the present market, but so far as can b*
judged from the resulting movement in the
stocks these rumors have done no irreat harm
nor conferred any great benefit on anybody.
The rally In the cotton market Is regarded as
a natural Incident of the process of settlement
to a normal basts in that market, but until
the settlement Is completed the expected bene
fits to the financial and general business struc
ture are not likely -to become evident. The
favorable crop weather was o!Tset by the ex*
pressive firmness In the wheat market and the
profit-taking reaction in corn did not entirely
relieve the fear that the Government crop re
port, due on Friday, will make an unpromis
ing showing for that crop. Further weakness
in the International Mercantile Marine on the
curb helped to disturb sentiment. There was
also a further clump in Standard Rope and
Twine issues, but a pretty effectual recovery
followed. It is significant of the prevailing
dullness of business that many stock broker
age houses are largely reducing their clerical
forces.
Active railroad bonds were pretty steady,
but high grade Inactive issues are settling to
a lower price basis. The New York Central
mortgage S'.^s. which sold last wrek as low as
par for the first time In their history, sold
to-day at 97. Total tales, par value. $1,115,
000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
th» last call. . .
Trading on the Stock Exchange to-day was
th« lowest in three years, total sales being
but 173,785 shares.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stcck*— Kales. High. Lr.w. Close!
AtcMson ..: MOO 63 66% C*\i
Atchlson pfd 1.000 02H V2V k - 92
Bait A Ohio 4,000 68»4 bii\i 8CH
Bait A Ohio pfd Wt
Canadian Pacific .. 1.200 123 124% 12*%
Central of N J «)0 170 l»i»Vj Ifi9
Ches & Ohio 300 83 ,n«Va .".8%
Chic &. Alton .... 300 20!, 20 r j, 23V4
Chic & Alton pfd CO^i
Chic & G W 1,«00 19V4 lOK 19^
Chic &GWB pfd. 110 36% 36% 30ft
Chic & N W 300 171^ 1«9% 1CO»^
Chic Term A T 13>,£
Chic Term A T pfd 23Vi
C C C A St L 100 R7 87 87
Colo Eouth 200 17*4 17% 17^
Colo South 1st pfd . h'Va
Colo South 2d pfd.. 500 27T« C7>4 • 27»/j
Del & Hudson .... 100 174% 174% 173
Del. Lack A West. 2.200 255% 253ft 2.13%
Denver A It G 23" t
Denver & R O pfd. 300 83 83 «Vi
Erie 4.000 33ft ZiV 3 33l«
Erie 1st Pfd 3.500 «9H «7% « 7 , ;
Erie 2d pfd 000 57U MM« 5C«i
Great North pf-i •• 170
Hocking Val .... 400 f.1 83H .;¦««
Hocking Val pfd.. 400 90 89«i 6S
Illinois Central ... 700 134% 134^ 134
Iowa Central 100 28H 28ft 27»i
Iowa Central pfd.'. . - 4C»S
K C South .* •• •••• 24
K C South pfd... 43
Louis & Nash "<W 1»U 1" "HOii
Manhattan L 500 '. 137U 137 138%
Met St Ry 200 122H 122>i 122y«
Minn A St Louis .... .... 81
Missouri Pacific... 15.300 104% 1U3% 103%
Mo, Kan & Texas...- 21%
M. K&Tpfd.... 100 40»4 43K 4!)
N&t R R or Mex 21
Nat RR of Mex pfd 41
N Y Central ..... SOO 12<S% 125^.125
Nor A West 1,700 07»» C7 67
Nor & West pfd... ...... .... .... 00
Ont & West 1,000 25T4 25V4 23%
Pennsylvania 15,903 120% l-'5>4 125%
P. C C A Et L 1> 72
Reading ..' '.. 15,100 02% 52% C2»,
Reading 1st pfd ..-..».. ..... S2
Reading 2d pfd ...... 100 70»^ 70% 70
Rock Island Co.-.-VKW 34% M«(, :U
Rock Island Co pfd. H00 72"; 72% . 72Ti
KtLftSF ..:.. 71
R I, t-S !•' In pfil. .' 72
£t L & S.F 2<J pfd. 100 ; 131% ' U«i 01
Bt L Southwest ....¦- ..... ....l;i«
St L Southwest pfd. " .... GOT
New York Stocji Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: *
CATTLE — Steers. 8£0c; Cow» and Heifers,
7©8c: thin Cow». 495c p«r lb. • . ' .
CALVES — «©5 5Jc per lb (gross welghth
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3483?«c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring, $2 75(53 per head. - ' J
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6 fc 6Mf\
under 140 lbs, &%@6c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent oft. and Stags, 10 per cent
off from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6%87^jc for Steers and 5-i36'ic per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large, TQSc; small. 9&DVic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S©i*c; Ewe». SfiSHo
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10©10^c per lb.
P0UK— Dressed Hogs, S^a©9He per lb.
The packers are in need of large fat Hogs,
which arc scarce, while the market is oversup
plled' with small and lean stock, which Is
not wanted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $11131 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 50@l 75- As
paragus, $2 25<g2 50 per box for extra fancy.
$1 7502 for No. 1 and «1©1 50 for No. 2;
Green Peas. 3ft 5c per lb; String Beans. 2©4e
per lb; Wax, 2SS4c: Tomatoes, 40<?75c for small
boxes and $1 50(52 for large boxes from the
river; Summer Squash. 60073c per box; Cab
bage, 75cC41 per ctl: Carrots. 60g75c per sack
• Aieumbers, 50c per box for Marysvllle and $1&»
1 25 for bay; Garlic, 2>i<S3Hc per lb; Dried
Peppers, 5c per lb; Green Peppers. $1#1 25 per
box; Green Okra. 20c per lb; Egg Plant, 5®7c
per lb. .
POTATOES — New White.- R3e<g$t 13 pe r c ti
in sacks and $1 10©l 75 in boxes, with some
<ancy higher; Early Rose. fiOoff Jl lOf Garnet
Chiles. $1 25®1 40; old Eurbanks from Oregon,
$1 50«l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— Red, 25345c per sack; SHversklns,
60S 70c per ctl.
Receipts of new Potatoes were light again
and prices of whites were firmer, particularly
choice stock in boxes. Some special brands
continued /to \ command - a premium over the
quoted prices, one lot of «trletly#fancy sellm*
at 2c per lb. Old Oregon Burbanks wers
steady, at the previously quoted rate. Onion*
arrived freely and continued dull at easy prices.
Receipts of Vegetables were ample and the
local demand continued steady. Good sountl
Tomatoes were firmer, but poor stock, which
was in free supply, dragged at easy rates. Com
mon offerings of Peas and String Beans ware
easy, but choice garden stock was firm at the
top rates. Asparagus cleaned up well at
steady prices, receipts being Just about suffi
cient for requirements. Receipts of Green
Corn were liberal and Included a lot of poor
stock, which moved slo«vly. Good stock con
tinued to find ready sale at steady prices. The
other vegetables were offering freely and prices
had but slight variation.
Onions, Potqtocs and Vegetables.
ST. JOSEPH, July 8.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1940; steady to 10c higher. Natives, $4 t»O@
5 80: cows and heifers, $1 75©4'10; stockers
and feeders, $3@4.10. ... .
HOGS— Receipts, 10.014. 10c lower.- Light,
$5 37'4€3 50; medium and heavy, $5 S5@5 45.
SHEEP — Receipts. 278. Stronger." '
CHICAGO. July 8.— CATTLE— Receipts. 12.
000; Etead}*. Good to prime steers, $4> 80iQ5 10;
poor (o medium, $3 »0@4 65; stockers and feed
ers, $2 60©4 50; cows. $1 50#4;- heifers, $2 25
(fj * 40; canners. $1 504|2 75; bulls. $2 25fQ 4 15:
calves, %'l 501&5 75; Texas fed steers, . 13 25©
4 30. -. :•' --¦¦'• •:¦:-¦- • v.T.
HOGS— Receipts : To-day, 28.0CO; to-morrow.
25,000; left over, 3500. lu®15c lower.. Mixed
and butchers', $5 50(85 75; good " to choice
heavy. $5 50®5 60; rough heavy. $5 2505 45;
light. $5 50@5 80; bulk of sales, $5 50®5 BO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12.000. Sheep, steady:
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 75
S? t; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 60: Western
sheep, $3 65«|3 75; native lambs, $3 5O®6 50;
Western lambe, $3 60@6.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, f
Eastern Livestock Market.
Coluca 87 RS .. Clear
Eureka 5S 52 .. Cloudy NW '.«
Fresno »»2 54 .. Clear NW 8
Hanford »3 55 .. near ....
HolllFter ....;. S2 4:t .. «1ear W
Independence . 81 54 .. Ulear t«E 14
King City 63 45 .. Clear N F^h.
Livermore 85 4» . . Clear ....
Los Angeles.. • «(2 5*5 .. Clear W 10
Napa 7tf 47 . . Clear S
Newman »6 54 . . Clear
Palermo 92 50 . . Clear S ...
Portervllle fl.1 50 . . Clear NW
Red Bluff R>1 «0 .. Clear SE Lt.
Riverside 04 4» .. Clear
Sacramtnta ... M 54 .. Clear S «
San Diego 70 5S .. Clear NW 12
San Francisco. «;S 50 .. Clear W 32
San Jo«e ..... 78 4S .. Clear .... ¦ ..•
8. L. ObUpo ..76 44 .. <;iear W 8
Santa Maria.. 70 55 .. Clear W Lt.
Santa Rosa ..79 44 .. Clear
Willows 88 61 .. Clear £
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister — Sugar beets doing well; email
acreage planted. *
Riverside— New crowth of citnig trees is
light fcr this date.
Willows— Wheat harvest progressing nicely.
Colusa — Grain conditions unchanged: peaches
ripening slowly; prunes will be late on account
of cool weather.
Cloverdale — Good crop of apricots.
King City— High morning fog.
Palermo— Harvesting nearly over; crop
larger than expected.
Livermore^ — Chevalier barley half lost by
hieh wind.
Newman— Harvest drawing to a c!c*e.
Napa— Prunes doing well; good size .and
medium crop.
Santa Rosa — Hop crop said to have been in
jured by severe north winds.
Santa Maria — Damp, foggy mornings espe
cially gcod for beets and beans; apricots
ripening slowly.
Hanford — Harvesting wheat and packing
apricots; fruit crou In fine condition.
G. H. WILLSON, Section Director.
Foreign
LIVERPOOL. '. '.¦¦ : \: . . , .
Wheat — ' - . , July. • '¦ Sept.
Opening ....'..'.. & 7V . 6 3-?;
CTosing ....¦.:-..'.;..:., 6 au, . 63?i
-'; • . PARIS. " -' ¦;
Wheats— . July. Nov. -Dee.
Opening i& SO- Ti 6S .
Closing ...........iV...».V. 23 20 ' ' ; '-22 50 •'
Flour— •/.-•. . ,' . , ,
Opening 33 70 30 AO
Closing 33 50 30 50
Markt-st C«s — — i M05)Sr B. — 105}i
Do 1 m5s.ll7"H8 «19O«) — 107^
N R «f C «SS — ~ S M912) — ID* 1 *
Do 5a — 121 S P C lcgO*. — 1214
N P C RR3s. — lOs'i Do stmpd..lO7?;i(H»ij
N C Ry 5s. — lllijls P B R COa — 140
N C P 5s..J0O — S V Wat 6». — 1O7S
N S R 5s.. — 10O I Do 4 n 2dm. 1009,100*;
O O L C 5s.llO — Do 4s. 3dm — 1<XH*
Oak T 6s... — 122 iStktn Ga» 6s — 102
Do 5 S — ¦ • — ,V O fc E Sj. - 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 59 61 JPort Costa.. «4 6«H
Marin Co ... «>$i '±- " Spring Val.. — 8*Vi
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.. 4 5 Sac E G AR S3 —
Equit Gas ... — 1^ S F G i E. «l (»%
Mutual EL.— 11*4.S F Gas 3 3t,
Pac O Imp.. 54 55- ifctktn Gas .. 5 —
Pac L Co. .. 554 — X* O 4 E 34H —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 68 6f";
; V: / INSURANCE.
Flremn's Fd — 550
BANK STOCKS.
Am NatI Bk.125 — Lon P A A.l«5 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 98 Mer Tn»t...2Of» 250
Bank of Cal.350 — Mer Ex 55 75
C S D A T.142U1S0 S T Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S k L. .— 2275 |?av * L S->. 100 —
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sar Bk.4W) 500
Mut S Bank 054 — Union T C.2130 —
S F Sav r.COO 750 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C3 (Presidio — 48
POWDER.
Giant Pow .73 — JVlgorit 4S»' s .H,fi
Hana P Co. 40c 45c iKIIauea S C 8 «1
H C & S.. 40 42t^|Makaweli S. 24 23
Honokaa S C 10 12 Onotnea S C — 2.1
Hutch gp.CU 13UlPa*»ha« 8 C — 17
MISCELLANEOUS. '
Alaska Packl31>4134 I Oceanic S C 7 8
Cal Fruit A* 90 9Ui Pac A F A. Z\ 3
Cat Wine As — 100 |Pae C Borx.lOtt - — -0
Mornin; Session,.
40 Giant Powder Con 73 50
30O Hana Plantation Co »"$»
150 Mutual Electric Light 12 0<>
10O Mutual Electric Light 11 SO
20 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 7.0 23
$710 U. S. Sts Bond (Coup) 107 30
Street Salt* — .
100 Onomea Sugar Co 22 60
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Cal. Wine Assn 99 23
SO Cal. Wine Assn 99 5<>
10 Giant Powder Con 73 25
45 Hana Plantation Co 37 Vi
20 Hutchlncon S. P. Co 13 <X>
2.V Pacific Gas Imp , S3 12?*
125 Pacific Gas Imo 35 <V>
80 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 70 (X*
10 S. F. Ga* & Electric Co 69 87V4
k>3 S. V. Water ...L 88 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stocks— Bid. Atked.
Caribou Oil Co ? t*>
Four OU % 72
Hanford Oil 115 00 119 CO
Home Oil 2 UO .....
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil I* IS
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 3 SO
Lion Oil « 7 %
Monte Criato Oil 1 »t 1 in
Monarch Oil 52 -3ft
Oil City Petroleum SI 32
Peerless Oil 1130
Reed Crude Oil 37 S*
Ban Joaquin Oil 6 SO
Sterling Oil 2 90 .....
Thirty-Three Oil »W
Twenty-Eight Oil .• 4 CO * 10
Union Oil <« (<*
United Petroleum 11* 00
West Shore OH 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 20 1 4d
Alameda Sugar CO f»*
American Biscuit 93 CO lOO 00
American District) Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal. Central Gas & Electric
Cal. Cotton Mills 85 CO
Cal. Jockey Club 103 00
Cal. Powder .*.
Cal. Shipping Co 22 50
Cai. Title Ins. & Trust ISO 00 110 CO
Central Bs»nk of Oakland.... .N... •¦•tt
Chutes Company 9 00
City and County Bank .....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 00 . ...»
Eastern Dynamite ...••
Ewa Sujcar k'iantation .....
Equitable (Pool) Gas
Gas Consumers' Association. ..... 22 ft<>
Honolulu Sugar 20 00
London and S. F. Bank <Ltd>
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal. Power 9 50 9 73
Nevada National Bank
North Shcre Railroad 10 00
Orpheum Company 10 00 .....
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 30
Parafflne Paint ...33 00
Postal Device and I..mp ....•
San Francisco Dry Dock .... 47 <«> .....
Sausalito Land & Ferry 1H Ou
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric MM
Truck** Electric 15 25. 13 CO .
Union Sugar 23 50
United Gas & Electric 34 60
Western Fish Co >••••
OFFICIAL SALES.
Mcrnlng Session.
Board—
600 OH City Petroleum :fl
10O Home Oil 3 CO
10O Horns Oil 2 93
100 Home Oil <cash> 2 93
Street Sales —
500 Sovereign Oil 37
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
10O Reed Crude Oil S3
100 .Sovereign Oi! SH
300 Occidental Oil 29
IOC I lorn- C>! 2 l»*
10O Home Oil (B 3O> 3 «•>
.'.'»» Home Oil <B 10) X 00
4liO Home Oil 3 Co
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran*
Cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. "
50O Andes li SOrt Mexican .....120
10O B«?1cher 4- IPO Overman- 3*
100 Best * Bel... 2 00 40O Silver Hill . .1 00
100 Con Cal & V.I 3R 20O Union Con .. 93
500 Con N York. 10 1 0f > Utah 2T
SCO Crown Point. 2« ICO Yellow Jacket 7i>
100 Hale & Nor. . W
'- Afternoon Session.
Son Andes 1 10| 5O Ophlr 1 «5
100 Belcher 44 10f> Seg Belch»r. . V.i
2C0 Caledonia ...1 So JCO Seg BeJcher.. 12
2OO Chal Con ...-. '47 .':«•»> s<-i? Belcher.. 11
200 Con Cal & V.I 83 40O Silver Hill... !>5
10OO Con Imperial. Ofl! 20O Union Con . . SK>
100 Con N Tork.. 10! WO Utah 2t;
V<O Hale £ Nor.. «2j 200 Yellow Jacket 7*
200 Mexican 1 V>
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
70O Alpha Con ... 07 100 M»x!can 1 20
SOO Andes iw 10O Ophlr I 62S
2CO Belcher 47 ISO Savage 2;i
20O Chollar 2o 20© Seg Bttcher. . 14
100 Con C & V.I 52»j 20O Seg Belcher.. !•?
ICO Con C & V...I 5.-! 2CX> Sierra Nevada «*
.100 Gould t C... 42 2T0 Union Con .. l>*
200 Hale & Nor. . 65 500 Union Con . . i*l
.V.i .fustic* II 2f« Yellow Jacket .7S
SCO Kentuck 04 200 Tellow Jacket 7»
Afternoon Session.
ICO BMcher .' 44 20O Occidental ..." 3.1
20O v'al^onia ...l.» H» Ophir 1 b.1
2CO Challenge Con 47 CTO Overman .... S3
2<!O Challenge Con 40 400 Potosi 2V
500 Con Cal &. V.I 63 300 Potosi 2«
??lOO Con C ft V.I 32',* 2W Union Con ... »1
500 Con Imperial. 0« :x-0 Utah 2«
5^0 Corf N York.. 10 2C0 Utah 24
30O Gould A C... 42 XuO Yellow J&Cktt 77
HM» Mexican ...1 17V. 3tO Yellow J«ck«t 74
200 Mexican 1 13 300 Yellow Jacket 73
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following: were the eal«s on San FraneUco
and Tonopah Mining Exchange- yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Ccn Eureka.. -8j 600 Paymaster ... 20
500 Esperanza ... 03 600 Rescue li
25O Montana Ton. t 00 10*» Ton Midway. 5O
100 Paymaster .. 21 100 Ton N Star.. 4S
Afternoon Sesaton.
lOt5O Draper G M C H>I 30O Ton Belmoot.2 IS
300 Eaperanza ... OG V5O Ton Midway. M
5<iO Golconda Con 1* 600 Ton Midway. C2
30 McNamara ... 30 10O Ton X Star .. 47
300 Rescue 13 300 Ton N Star . 4(S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July S — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bl<l.A«k.
Alpha <« 07Julla 02 C»
Alt* 02 O» Juatle* 14 15
Andes 08 10 K»ntuck .... 04 (XI
Bolcher 42 44 'Mexican 1 J.I % so
Best & Belch. 2 00 2 23 Occidental ... 35 SA
Bullion CHJ 07|Oph!r 1 «0 1 6SV
Caledonia . ..1 30 1 40. Overman .... 3S 3* V
Challenge Con 47 4«|Potosl 2« 27
Chollar ..... 23 2-1 Savage 19 21
Confidence .. t 25 1 30 Scorpion (IS 07
C C & Va 1 55 1 «O Seg Belcher.. 11 12
Con Imperial. C5 06 Sierra Nev... «s 6A
Con N York.. 1O 12 Silver Hill ... ST M
Crown Point. 25 2« St Louia 13 20
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate ... — «•»
Exchequer . . 02 03 Union Con . . f>0 92 "
Gould & Cur. 41 « Utah 24 23
Hale £ Nor.. 68 70iYel Jacket... 73 73
Lady Washtn — 061
- TONOPAH MINES.
BM.Ask. . BH.Aik.
Colehan M Co ,' 10 — Rescue M Co. 14 13
Esperanza ... 03 08 Ton B«l..2 12^ 2 17V1
EuU Con ... 25 — T A Cal M Co 22 —
Gipsy Queen. 25 27 Ton Fraction. — 7.1
Gold Mt Con. — 20 Ton A Gt W, OS 12
Lucky Tom . . — 15 Ton of Nev. . — • T 75
MacNamara . 29 •«) Ton N Star. . 4.1 4S
Mlzpah Extn. — 50! Ton Midway. S3 54
Mont Ton ... 03 1 OO'tTon & S Lake — •»
N Y Ton-.... — - 16|Ton Union... — M
Paymaster .. 19 2ui United Ton .. M 19
! Previoua prices rule, with a quiet market..
BEANS— B*yos. $3 6O@3 70; Pea. $3 25®3 BO;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $3 15@3 30; large
White. $2 00®3 15; Pink, $2 8503 10; Red
J2 9O®3; Lirna, $3 4K®3 50; Red Kidneys, nom
inal: Blackeye, $2 5003 per ctl; Hors« Bean*,
$1 25<gl 35.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $2 50; Flax. $202 10; Canary. 5%c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, 13©14c: Rape. lV«®2Hc-
Timothy, 6c; Hemp, ."Hig.'l'Je per lb; Millet
3H04c; Broom Corn Seed. $14®15 per ton. '
DRIED PEAS— Green, |1 75Q2 per ctl. • V ;
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand* sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lOHc; medium, fiftc: »ght. SMc; Cow
Hides. 8V4e for heavy and S^c for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip, 8^c; Salted Veal. O'i^lOc;
Salted Calf, 10%c; dry Hides, 17c; dry Kip.
14c; dry Calf. 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®
30c each; short wool. 40<3G3c each; medium,
70-530c; long wool. $1©1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $101 25
tor small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32Hc; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American, 33c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, toe; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 583'ic per lb:
No. 2. 4&(84%c: grease. 3@4c
WOOL. — Fait clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 99
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18©2Oc; Foothill,
defective, ll$13c: Nevada, 12$15c; San Joa
quin, defective. 9®llc per lb; Southern, 9*9
lie; Valley Oregon, fine. 17@18c; do. medium.
16$17c; do, .coarse, 15®16c; Lambs', 15c
per pound. -i_J v
HOPS— 18©20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops/
r : eculation as to the course of
tr.\de during the next six
months.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
' Tt» first six months cf 19C3 have been a per
iod of Kim and thorough liquidation. What
about the next s:x month*? The reaction fol
lowing the underwriting and speculative crate
of 1001-2 cam* sooner ihan anticipated, as re-
BCi.ic.ng of that nature invariably do; and the
(jueftioQfe now pr<*sflng fcr solution are: Has
the reaction culminated: is liquidation over;
is the readjustment between supply and de
m»»;a. or between quantity and value, com
plete? To be perfectly frank, we do not think
the adjustment ¦« complete. A number of good
*-«car:tie* have come down to Intrinsic valuts,
where investors ion take hold with confidence,
tut there are still many of the newer crea
tions eellinc at inflated figures — held tip by
fhetr torce — which have yet to face the test
o£ trade reaction or diminished profits. It is
i>j*t here that careful judgment must be ex
v»v!M?d in estimating the future of the stock
market. While the period of special stress j
in financial circles is over; while the situation ;
if better than it was eix months ago; while
ail proionged downward movements are ac
t •»->'. by rallies such as the present, still
these facts furnish very little guidance as to
w-fcst may be expected between now and the
il^se of 1903. As we have stated in previous.
ndUces. the dominating factors will be the
>.rc] • ar.d money.
•In the crop outlook there is nothing dl*
.:....:¦*. except backwardness. In the case
ol ccrn this is cf consequence, because
:t incrtast-s the danger from frost, and the
;:l r.gt-d absenre of high temperature is un
:&vorable to corn. Six cr eight weeks or
warm weather, however, would work great
barges in this crop. For wheat we are prac
ti.-a!iy cur* of a plentiful harvest, together
r. :•*; a good exjvDrt demand at profitable prices.
Cottoa i* &\io backward, but as a result the
plant h*s good roots, is vigorous, and under
tiiwalie v. eather conditions could produce a
bsmper cioj>. .Tlie crop situation, therefore.
n-.c;. be ftmsifl uj> in the etatement that good j
..- uortOMi weather during the remainder of
Uw :<«s<jn vouid yield us another satisfactory
•r.d prcStable harvest. Since we have just
;-2s*'--1 through two month* at abnormally bad
¦reitber. it eeeme perfectly reasonable to an
• r [ti» more normal conditions is July and
It jii in I * tin growing mrnthe.
Th* monttarj' situation !* really better than
trtieJpatefl. ohleflj- owing to the severe stock
tharVel !i(juidation and the reductlorA of our
¦V.ti.:. rs abroaJ. The bank* throughout the
couuuy arc about «s well off in respect to
reserves as they »er<" a year bko. the p^r
ttr.:ac* cf :<pal reserve to deposits in all the
Bati ::.: t'anks trf-ing 22.C? en Jnne n. 22.«8
<n April, S «nd ZLZ3 on July. 15.. 1902. The
b«du have their resource* under much better
control than a year aco. there is less money
<:r..i ]¦,>>: m stock tptculatton and ordinary
bustMH requirement* are more likely to be
.»»f than larger than last year, so that when
•be i-tr-.r-.g^ncy incidental to crop movements
hm)LU»s <!ae it promii«es to be largely dle
i'jur.t^d in advance, as events foreseen u«i
s:iy are.
"There is •vMetitiy money awaiting taTeat-
D exit whtn desirable opportunity effers. This
«a^ ftrikingly illustrated by the remarkablr
raking cf Pennsylvania's $70,<X»0,000 of new
Cock, all of which went to stockholders and
!.¦ M to underwriters. The good effect of such
transaction*, however. Ir partly counteracted
t\v unfavorable developments in many of the
newly br-m industrials which are giving may
undfr «>t.res*~of present conditions. Apparently
w« are on th« verge of a new «ra of industrial
i»oresniratio»is. the three most noticeable this
»e«k • • .: i* the Shipbuilding Trust, the New
MnK'and Yarn Company and the Cotton Duck
< crruany. Such event* delay the recovery of
confidence, which now »e«ms fairly due. Alter
fli*counting unfavorable news to such a liberal
extrnt It is possible to look for a fair recovery,
and *lv>uld crop and money conditions prove
fsvcrafcle . a more active and stronger
market should follow later on. July dleburse
r»nti reached nearly *140.000.0f»0 or J1O.0O0.-
W> more than a year ago. A portion of thl»
nm always ee*k« relnvestraer.t In Wall Etreet.
*n<l the new P«?nneylv»nia issue no doubt ab
forbe'l considerable. Good stocks that are sell
ing en a 5 per cent ba«is are a Rood purchase
en all decided reactions. The same Is true of
• number cf good l»on<!s which are yielding
< l 4 P*r cent and over et current rates."
Weather Report.
/120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. July 8— J p. m.
COAST RECORD.
" 5 e i s i 5
3 S» S3 ji§ H / 5
ETATIOJfS. f ?j ?3 s'j' f" ?,
V • S 5 '• '• F
• • • '. ' ¦
Baker 23.74 66 44 NW Clou'Jy T
Carson 29. M 74 40 NW Clear .00;
Eureka 30. 00 Z.H T>2 NW Cloudy -'W
- Vrrtno 2»>2 P2 54 NW clear .00
KlasstarT 29.70 H2 44 PW Pt Cldy .00
InfleiK Ddence .29.78 M 54 FK Clear .00
I>js A'.d'f ..29.62 K2 hn TV" Clear .00
Mt. T«m«lr>alt23.06 72 r.S NW Clear .00
?O»rth Head ...... .. 54
I'hoenlx 23. «2 1O« 74 W Clear .00
Pocatello 29. S« 78 44 W Clear JiO
Portland ... .."W.00 7<J R2 NW Clear - •'.«
Point Hcycf ..2&.W SO 4S NW Fcggy .00
Red Blutt ...29>l RS CO SE Clear .00
HoyrburB 29.98 KO 4S NW Pt Cl(3y .00
Sacramento ..29.K6 Ml 54 S Clear .00
Pall I^alrc ...29.78 K2 . r 2 N Clear .00
J^an Frsmcisoo Vt.9H .»J? Sit XV Clear ' .CO
K. L. Obi*pc..23.J» 7fl 44 VT Clear .00
Han Diego ...29.*0 70 f* NW Clear .0«
Seattle 30.00 74 52 KW Clear .00
Hpc^ane .'SO.OI 70 48 8E- Cloudy .02
T*too>ih 30.00 5S ft" W Cloudy .uO
Wa!la Walla .W-OI 7$ tl SW Pt Cldy .01
Wlnnemutca .23.88 7« 40 SW Clear .00
Vfimt 74
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
• FORECAST.
Generally f*lr weather prevails over the
• raciflc Slop* except foggy along the central
California coast. Light ehowers reported from
csFtern Wsshintfton.
The preefure haa remained nearly etatior.ary
vpft of the Rocky Mountain*. It is highest
elong the co*rt. fi»jm. Car* Mendocino north
ward an3 lowt-m over southern Arizona.
The tempcratlir* h»s risen over the Pacific
Slope rxc<*pt in central California, where there
ha* been a fbll. It i« slightly helov.- the nor
mal throughout California.
Northern California: Fair Thursday except
forrr alcnir.t^e coast in the morning; fresh
••••*t*rly wind. ¦
fioutbern Ca!Hom!«: Feir Thursday; light
w<-*t 'wind.
Nevada : Fair Thursday.
P*n FrancUco and vicinity: JFalr Thurs
<is.y except foggy In the morning; fresh weet
G. H. WILLBON.
Local Forecatter; terapcrarily in charge.
-Fruit and Weather Bulletin..
: Tor the twfnty-four hours rndlnx 5 p. m.,
120th cv>ri<*ian time, l-an Krancinco. July 8.
..fTATJOXS. |ip |! ! & if \l
C C •! ¦ * ¦ * ** *
. * * ,.*< f y _ . - »
CJoverdale .... bit 41-.. Clear a ..
Some Wall Street Guessing.
Cash quotations were as follows: "Flour,
steady;' No. 2 spring wheat. T8#79e; No.' 3,
75©78c; No. 2 red, 7S*i<fi7&VSc; No. 2 corn,
r»l«52: No. 2 yellow, 61VJ@52e; No. 2 oata,
41c: No. S white, 37$41 Vic; No.- 2. rye, 6lc;'
good feeding barley, 403 -43c; fair to. choice
malting. 47@51c; No. 1 • flaxaeed." 99e; No. I
Northwestern, - $1 O2V4: " prime timothy seed,
$3 40; mess pork, per bbl, $15 15@15 20: lard,
per 100 lbs. $7 «0@7 95; short ribs eides (loose),
$S 50®8 (JO; dry salted ¦- shoulders (boxed),
$7 S7 I ,i®7 HO: short clear sides (boxed), $8 75©
8 S7V4; whisky, basis of high wines,' $130;
clover, contract grade, $11 60(&U 75. ; ¦'¦¦•»
Articles— . • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....-84.600 - 18,300
Wheat, bushels 52,300 124.500 •
Corn, bushels -. 459,000 133,100 .
Oats, bushels .' ....542.000 118,100/
Rye. bushels 16,200 *
Barley, bushels ¦¦•" 66,000
On the Prdduce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wax steady; creameries, 16@20c; dai
ries. 14HJj;l8c; eggs, steady, 13@14V4c; cheese,
easy, lOSlliic. ,; ,
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦
Julv (old) 79 79 1; 78% 78%'
July (new) 78»i 79V* 78Va 78V-i
Sept, (old)....... 77% 78VV. : 77% 77%
Sepe (new)...-.: 77»S 78V4 76?4 77V4
Corn .No. 2— ¦ ~ :
July ............ 61V4 61>i' 50% 50%
September -...". &2% 52% 61& SI'S
December 61^» 51*i 50*i 50«4
Oats No. 2—
JUly . ...... 41 .V 41Vi ¦',. 40U- . 41
September ..... 35V6 * 35% 34% 34%
December ....... 35 Vi ', . 33 ft, . S4ft 35
M^s Pork, per bbl —
July ......:.- -15 10 15 15 15 10 15 15
September 15 45 13 (J2V4 15 37tf 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs — . '..
July 7 00 : . 7 97«, 7 87V4 7 92Vi
September ..8 05 $l7Vi 8 05 8 12Va
October .... 7 05 STX> . 7 02>,$ 7 «7 Va
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .. ; \
July : 9 . r >5 . 8 65 8 50 8 CO
September ..... 8 50 8 70 8 50 8 70 •;
October ........ 8 32»i 8 37V4 8 2714 . 8 30 .
Local securities moderately active.
JVaU street stocks firm /but not materially changed.
Wheat strong and in good demand.
Barley steady and unchanged. Corn higher and scarce.
Oats higher, ozi'ing to the Government orders.
Millstutts firm at the recent advance.
Hay and Feedstuff s about as before quoted.
Beans quiet and none too firm.
Butter quoted rather firmer. Cheese steady.
Eggs firm at the advance, with no surplus stock.
Small sales of nczu crop Honey reported. ¦
Large fat Hogs scarce and wanted. Small plentiful and dull
Hams advanced ]Ac. Other cured meats unchanged.
S civ Potatoes in moderate receipt and firm.
Onions and Vegetables continue plentiful.
Xot much demand for Poultry and Game.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in good supply.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
'. Feedstuffs show no further change. , Hay, is
coming in freely and is easy. The circular of
Somers & Co. says:
"Owing principally to the recent holidays.
shipments of Hay have been lessened somewhat
during the past week, the total for the week
ending to-day amounting to 8200 tons, in com
parison with 3900 tons for the week preceding.
To-day's receipts were especially light, pwlng
principally to the fact that at most stations
yesterday very few empty cars were furnished.
This car shortage is the most serious obstacle
that both dealers and producers have to face.
Although the crop can b* very closely esti
mated and the demand quite accurately fore
judged, yet the market will have little stability
and prices may at. times be entirely different
from what they should b« if the Hay cannot
be marketed in proportion to the quantity to
be shipped or as ths demand requires it. The
only measure of relief afforded this season Is
the fact that quite a large portion of the c»op
was raised In localities that have water com
munication with San Francisco. A large fleet
of boats Is now working on -Hay and will con
tinue to do sd' for several months to come.
•¦• "The general tendency of, tae market at pres
ent is downward, and if ears could be supplied
to bring in- what la.walting to be shipped at
the various stations we might be somewhat
overburdened with" Hay. It is Impossible to
foretell just what the market will be -during
the next month or two, for. as reported above,
everything depends on transportation facilities
furnished by the railroads. Prices show very
little /change from the quotations given last
wrek. Very little alfalfa Is coming to mar
ket. • most -of the farmers holding for higher
prices, which, with the abundance of cow Hay
and the decrease in dairy trade, will hardly
be forthcoming this season- 6t~»w Is holding
quite firmly, but will probably weaken some
what with the advent of tha new crop later
in the month." ¦ ¦ ' . ¦'
BRAN— »24/a25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27030 per ton.
. SHORTS— $24^25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22^23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26026 50;
Jobbing. $27027 50r COcoanut Cake, $20<@21;
Corn ¦ Meal. ?27 50(528 50; Cracked • Corn,
$28 r>0<@29 00; Mixed : Feed, $?2@23; Horse
Beans. |30 per ton. J^S'i?,
NEW HAY— Wheat. $10@12 50; Wh«at
and Oat. SO 50^11; Oat. $8 50® 12: Barley.
J8 D0<$10 50; Clov«r. (9910; Stock, $7 50-gS 50;
Alfalfa. $8@10 per ton. .< .
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
H Paul ...... 4,500 152U 151 »i 151%
St Paul pfd ...:' 176
Pouth Pacinc 5.R0O 50u 45% 46%
South Railway coo. 24*4 24U 24%
South Ry pfd ..... ..„ .... 89
Texas & Pacific... 100 29«i 29% 29%
T. St L A W 24Vi
T. StL&Wpfd.. " 43%
Union Pac -0,200,, 82 % "« T 4 **%,
Vnion Pac pfd ' " ¦'. - 88
Wabash 200 24% ., 24 24
Wabash pfd '.., "700 44*', '- 43% 43?;
Wheel & L Erie.. 100 20% 20% 20%
T\ is Cent ;„-.".,.„ .... ..." 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 41 Mi
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American .. : ' iss :
United States u»5
Wells Fargo .... .... 100
Miscellaneous — '" / "s
Amal Copper ..... .5.400 53*4 JV4»i S3\i
Amor Car & Foun. 1,<>00 3S% 3S 3S
Amer C & F pfd. 100 90 00 89 >¦
Am«r Linseed Oil 10
Amer L!n Oil pfd . . . . 3-J
Amer Ix>eo 100 "' 23'j 23*4 "23
Amer Loco pfd ......... 83 vi
Amer S & Ref 100 45 45 44*i
Amer S & Ref pfd. .' .... ' .... 02^i
Amer Sugar Ref.. 90O- 120 T i'- 120 120>i
Anaconda Min Co .- 84 '
Itrooklyn Rap T.. SCN) 68^4 57«4 57«4
Colo Fuel & Iron ..;. .... «:2Vi
Columbus &. H Coal 1"U
Consolidated Gas 191 »i
General Electric .. 300 177 170^ 175U
Inter Paper HM) 15'4 . 15>i . 15
Intsr Paper pfd ;. OS ,.
Inter Pump ..... 40 ;
Inter Pump pfd 75 '.
National Biscuit I.' yo^
National Lead 100 16% 16'<8 1S%
North American S5>S
Pacific Mail 2«'
People's Gas 300 99 • 08^ ' !««i
Pressed Steel Car B2W
Pressed Steel C pfd R6$
Pullman Pal Car.i •.. ...'. 200
Republic Steel . . .{ 100 144 l*Vt 14'i
Republic Steel pfd. 500 74H 74 74 •
Rubber Goods ... .: 22^
Rubber Goods pfd ...". .... 77^4
Tenn Coal & Iron. KOO 53 4 52% 52
IT S Leather ..... 200 9 8'fc fi%
U S Leather pfd.. 800 S6»£ S5 S5t$
U S Rubber . ../ 13
U S Rubber pfd 49
U S Steel .". 24.5f>0 30% 2ft% 20%
U S Steel pfd 9,600 81% hO% 81
Western Union .. 100 84 64 83%
Totcl shares sold.175,100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW. YORK. July 8.— United Ral'roads of
: San Francisco bond transactions: 2000 at 77^,
10,000 at 77*;. 3000 at 77ft.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...lO6«i Do 1st inc 22>4
Do ref 2 coup..l0«Vi Minn & St L 4s.. 100
Do 3s reg 107*» Mo Kan & Tex 4s 97
Do 3s coup 108V»| Do 2nds 81
Do new 4s reg.,135'^ N Y Cent gen 3Vi« »7
Do new 4b coupl35H N J Cent gen 5s. 129
Do old 4s reg,..110vi Nor Pacific 4s 101%
;Do old 4r coup.HO? 4 Do 3fl 72
Do 5s reg 103^ Nor & W con 4s.. «8%
Do 5s coup 102V; I Reading gen 4s .. ftrt
Atchlson gen 4s.. 99*i Bt L & I M con 5ajll>i
Do adj 4s 80 Ht L & S F 4s '«6^i
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100?^ St L S W lsts.... 01 \
Do 3»^s ...... 02 Do 2nds 7fl'
Do conv 4s 100«j S A & A P 4s.... 77'4
Can Sou 2nd* ...lOSTn Sou Pacinc 4s ...'87»:
Cfnt of Ga 5s ...104*4 Southern Ry 5s.. llSfc.
Do 1st Inc 73 Texas & Pac l*ts.ll«
Ches &. Ohio 4Hs.l03U]Tol St L & W 4s. 74
Chi & Alton 3^s. 74rJI Union Pacific 4s..I00U
f B & Q new 4s. 91^1 Do conv 4s .... ms
CM& St P gen 4s. 107 Wabash lsts 115U
C & N W con 78.130?; Do 2nds 105*^
C R I & P 4s 101« 4 Do deb B 71
CCC&St L gen 4s 97H West Shore 4s ...107>i
• hi Te.r 4s 78ia w " & L Erie 4s. 00'
Colo & Sou 4s SS WIs Cent 4s ...... 90 •
Den & Rio G 4s.. 87 Con Tob 4* M%
Erie prior lien 4s. J*> s i Colo F & 1 87
Do gen 4s 84 Rock Island S0H
Ft W & D C lsts.lOH U S Steel 8.V
Hocking Val 4^».104^i Pennslyvanla !«3U
Louts &. N uni 4s. 99 Manhattan 100H
Mex Central 4s.. 76 *
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief '. .... 06 ¦
Alice 20 Ontario 6 00
Bre>6B- 15 Ophir 1 f»5
Brunswick Con.. 05 Phoenix 08 ."
Comstock Tun .. 'ifiUj Potosi 26 ¦•
Con Cal & Va..l 15 Savage 17
Horn Silver 1 CO y Sierra Nevada, .. 70
Iron Silver .....1 25 /Small Hopes "25 '
Leadville Con .. C2 (Standard .; .2 50 ;
¦ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — i "^Westinghuse Com 92 !
Call, loans - '-a f? 4 ' j Mining—- ., . ., '
Time loans .- .4*s^5?» Adventure '....^,. 4
Bonds — ' Allouex . „... 6*i
AtchiKon 4s 9?«S Amalgamated ... 53 -j
Mex Central • 75>$ Daly West 42
Railroads — ¦ . Uingham 25?i
Atchlson eS"^ Calumet & H«cla.4.*>0
Atchison pfd 92V Copper Range ... XI
Boston & Albany. 245 Dominion Coal ..106U
Boston & Maine .109 Franklin sn;
Boston Elevated .142 Isle Jtoyale 7 •
N Y. N H & H..200 Mohawk 43H
Fltchburg pfd ..135 Old Dominion ... 13«i
Union Pacinc ... S1T» Osceola 55 ¦. •
Mex Central 22Vi Parrot 21
Miscellaneous — ,Qulncy 95 '
American Sugar. .120% jSanta Fe Copper, l'jj
do Sugar pfd. .U9'/jTamarack 100
Am Tel & Tel... 131% Trlmountaln .... 80 '
Dom Iron & Steel 20U Trinity 5U
General Electric .176 United States ... 21 «i
Ma*s Electric 2« Utah '. . 29 ¦ \
do Electric pfd 80*i Victoria 4 ;
United Fruit ....IO2 l -i Wlnona 8',^
U S Steel VS*% Wolverine 67
do pfd 81
S LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 32»; Norfolk & West..C.*Tj
Consols foracct.. OJ'.i do pfd 1)2
Anaconda 4% Ontario & West ..'-W-i !
Atchlson 70S, Pennsylvania : .. «I4%
do pfd 95 Vi Reading 26J S
Bait & Ohio S8i» do 1st pfd 42
Can Pacific 128 do 2d cfd 35«i
Ches & Ohio 38% Southern Railway 25
Chi Gt Western.. l»->4 do pfd 01
Chi, Mil A S P..155»i Southern Pacific . f>\%
Den & Rio G 29% Union Pacific ... 84V»
<1o pfd 8M; do pfd OOUi
Erl« 34* f U S Steel 30'i
Erie 1st pfd 70H do pfd 83
>:rie 2d pfd...... 581-i Wabash 25
Illinois Cen , 138 Wabash pfd 45»i
Louis & Na*h ..114V« De Beers 2<li»
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 22S,i Rands 10!'«
N Y Central 130Va
Bar silver steady. 24«4 ptr ounce. Money,
1%«»2% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2 3-16@2V4 per
cent and for three months bills '2^«i"2 ."-1'5 per
cent. ¦;-.. . .
4 65' usual' terms: Bakers' Extra*. $4 30$
$4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70@4 per
bbl for Family and $3 70<B4 20 for Bakers'.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Four, $3 25 per 100 lbs;. Rye
Flour, $3 25;' Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5Og4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbl*. $6 75<38 60: in sacks. $0 25@3 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs. •
liberal buying from that quarter, as well as
from -.the Northwest, , and .the < market became
strong near the close, September advancing to
i8U<-\ The weakness In cdrn caused consider
able liquidation late in the day and all of the
gain_wa3 lost. September closed %@'.ic lower
• Selling by large interests caused weakness in
corn early in the day, -and. although the late
market was steady, the close was at about the
bottom. September closed %@%c lower at
31%c. .
.Oats were rather quiet. September closed
%®\$c lower at 34<&o. : . ... >.
Provisions were firm the greater part of the
day, the feature of trading being the buying of
libs by commission house* which were credited
with acting for * leading packer. O/ferlngs
.Were light. The late weakness in grains-had a
depressing Influence and much of the gain was
lost. September pork closed Be lower, lard a
shade- lower and ribs 17 Vic higher. .
, • The leading futures ranged as follows:
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9?iic; three
half barrels. f)%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces. 9*Je per lb.
An advance of %c In Hams is announced.
Other products ar* unchanged.
Chicago was rather higher on the day. but
fluctuations were narrow, and the packers were
not supporting the market very heartily.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%e per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light. 15%c
for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and l'Jc
for extra nvgar-cured ; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 15%e; California Hams. 14%<91Sc; Mess
Beef, J 11 90-312 per bbl; extra Mess, $12©
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $16;
extra clear, $26: Mesn. $18: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork, $23; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 1%e per lb for
compound and 10% c for pure^ half barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, llUc: 5-lb tins, ll%c;
S-lb tins, ll%c.
Provisions.
HONEY — Comb. new. nominal at 1.1S14%e:
new water white extracted. tt%c; light amber
extracted. 6c; derfc. 5© 5 He.
BEESWAX— 26©28c per lb.
A few lots of new Honey are coming in
and selling at the quotations below. But
the quotations are as- yet nominal, and the
market will not become established until re
ceipts get larger.
FRUITS — New Apricots. 7®Sc; old Apricots.
6%&7%c for Royal and "XiOc for ordinary
Moorparks: Evaporated Angles, 4JJ5%c: sun
dried. 3#4c; Peaches, 4@5%c; Pears, 4tH>io
for quarters and SfftHic for halv«s; Nectarines.
4S5e for white: Plums, 4®6cfor pitted and
l@l%c for unpltted; Figs. 3%®4c for black
and 41?5c for white,
PRUNES— 1802 crop. 2%S2\e for ths fcur
sizes, with Vi«ilc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50- 1 b boxes. (U t c per
1b; 3-crown, !>%c: 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, ioo&*
Muscatels, 5c: Seedless • Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxen. $1 40 per box: 3-crown..- $1 80; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, |2 60; fl-crowp Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-Jb cartons. 7%c; choice. 7V4c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%«13e;
No. 2, 10%<tm%c: No. 1 hardshell. Il%©l2c.
No. 2. 10@l0%c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%©.llc for 1 X L, 10<S10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tma. and 8#8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 5<ff7e
for Eastern; Pecans, llyliic; Cocoanuts, fl 30
Navel Oranges.- $1»2 50 per box: Seedlings.
1101 25; Valenclas, $2 25fl2 75 for fancy. $1 75
<§2 for choice and $1 £5®1 50 for standard;
St. Michaels,. $1 50S2 75. Lemons, 73ceil for
standard, $1 25®1 75 for choice and 9292 50
for fancy: Grape Fruit. 9101 25; Mexican
Limes, ¦ $5 aOSti: Bananas, $1 75<j22 75 per
bunch for Central American and 75c<3$l 50 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
Dried 'Fruits,Nuts, Raisins,Honey
*HE JTAN FKAKCISCO J CALL; 1 THUIISbAT, 3CLY 9, 19Q3.
CHICAGO. July 8.— More favorable weather
In the Northwest caused an easier reeling In
wheat at the«tart to-day.' September being Vi®'
fie to %fi%c lower at 76%@77%c, and therd
was considerable liquidation . by . commission
nourm early In the day. A. good demand de
veloped on the decline, due to the bullish'char
acter of. the -news from the Southwest, where
threshing In now In progress,' to the effect that
the yield is very unsatisfactory. There wu
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN JBAKCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 9, ,1903.
12
HELP WANTED—MALE— Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN 1191.
8PECIALS— SHIP TO-DAT.
OREGON OREGON.
12 coal miners, fare paid, $1 ton.
20 coal miners, Oregon, free fare,
FREE FARE: FEE.$1.
S. P. R. R. Co.'* . Own Work.
600 section and extra gang men. all over the
State, NORTH, EAST and SOUTH, on the
different divisions. ;
ij WILLITS— FREE . FARE— SHIP TO-DAY.
Boss here to-day. Come see him.
BUTTE COUNTY. CHICO. FEE $1.
25 teamsters. $75; 25 laborers, $67 60; 25
rockmen, $75; 25 woodchoppers and right of
way men, $67 50.
12 rough carpenters, Senator Clark's new
railroad to Riverside; long Job; $82 50 and
found.
PART FARE FREE.
Circular saw filer, good wages, boss here;
tally clerk, small mill, boss here; 50 laborers,
large mill. Humboldt County, cheap fare, $35
and found; shingle sawyer, $65 and found; 2
drag sawyers. $60 and found; 10 laborers,
mill, north, $40 and found; TUOLUMNE
COUNTY; 10 laborers, large mill. $1 50 fare,
$2 day; 10 trackmen, electric R. R., board
home, $2 day.
MINES. ETC.
250 miners, hand work, some S-hour shifts.
all over State, $2 to $3 day; 2 Iron molders, 9
hours, north. $3 50 day; 300 laborers, carmen
and muckers, all over. $60 to $75: 2 furnace
men, $05; 4 surface laborers, good mine,
$32 00 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS. ETC.
' Blacksmith, no shoeing, $2 50 day: man and
wife, stock yards; dairyman, Nevada. $40 and
found; farmer and wife, north, $70 and
found; milker and wife, Colusa County, $50
and found; 5 farmers, $30 and found; milker,
Dlxon, $35 and found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook. 10 boarders, $35 and found: night cook
and helper, $95 and found, north; cook and
helper, city boarding-house, $G0 and found.
2 waiters, sawmill, half fare, $30 and found;
S waiters, $25 to $40 and found; dishwasher,
GET A LIST OF JOBS.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEXCY.
620 Sacramento at.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third st, near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 40o.
FREE FARE.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
BOO section hands for Yolo Co.. Monterey Co..
Santa Clara Co. and all parts of California
and Nevada, $1 60. $1 75 and $2.
NEVADA.
50 teamsters, fence builders, surfacing hand*,
steel gang, tunnelmen and pile drivers, $2
to $3 day. FREE FARE.
CHATSWORTH PARK.
' 10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillers, $2 25 a- day.
FREE* FARE.
FREE FARE ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
10 teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILLITS. UKIAH.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
12 laborers $35 and board.
1 edgerman, $S0 and board.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE
25 coal miners. $3 to $3 a day.
/FREE FARE'TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers. $35 and
board up; ship daily.
1 epool tender, $55 and board.
1 donkey engineer $50 and board.
2 timber fellers, $55 and board.
4 water bucks. $35 and board.
2 lookouts. $40 and board.
12 men to grade road, $35 and board.
BUTTE COUNTY TO-DAY.
23 teamsters, $2 50 a day.
21 men to clear right of way, $2 23 a day.
20 other laborers, $2 25 a day.
FEE. $1. FARE, $2 80.
Blacksmith, country shop, $3 a day.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing. $2 60 a day.
Milker city, $40 and board.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third st.
RELIABLE storekeeper for restaurant; expe-
rience and references asked; steady position.
Apply 9 a. m. to 12 m.. Restaurant Keep-
ers' Association. 6 Eddy st.. room 46.
YOUNG man under 20 to learn barber's trade;
one with some experience preferred. 799
Geary St., corner Hyde. ..
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing; good
pay. 2S01 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; cheap. 1733
Market st. "'.:;-•-
WANTED — For the U. 8. Marine Corps, able-bod-
led, unmarried men, between 21 and 33; good
character: must speak, read and write Eng-
lish: marines serve at sea on men-of-war in
all parts of the world, on 'and In our Island
possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222ft N. Main
St., Los Angeles. Cal.-, and 401 K at.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
A YOUNG man. reliable, energetic, experi-
enced bookkeeper, to take a position ¦ near
Folsom, Cal.; applicants must furnish first-
class recommendations; good chance for right
man. Box 1939, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for dttch and flume work.''
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery st.. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
TR1 our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60 cr orthop«dlo
shoes, $3 60; best shoes -on earth.' 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 6 doors from Market.
WANTED — Steady, reliable Ironworker, famil-
iar with all classes of architectural iron-
work; steady work for right man. Address
Builders' Iron Works, Stockton, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who Is a good . . corre-
spondent: prefer one familiar with mall or-
der work; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2568, Call office.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete and secure -positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College, 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Salesman for retail crockery store;
give *eferences and wages expected. Box
2585. Call office.
GOOD blacksmith for country shop; must .be
- able to shoe • horses and do general repair
work. 31 Beale st.
TWO Al boller-makere, out of town work;
standard wagee; state last place of employ-
ment. Box 2."Wt. Call office.
WANTED — An experienced . salesman,' retail
house for . drapery and lace curtain depart-
ment; good salary. Box 2592. Call office.
STRONG boy wanted. 1103 Market St.. Odd
. Fellows' building.
A GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing; steady
1 work. 2S01 Mission st.
lst-class barber shop for Bale: 3 chairs." 2 bath-
- rooms, laundry office. Ad. E.M.,Vacavllle,Vai.
BOY about 16," packing dept.; $4 start. Apply
, ', PAUL RIEGER. 161 First at. ;
$223 — THREE chair I barber shop; '.four llving-
:. rooms; owner retiring. 229 Hayes st
WANTED— Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence. 311 B st..' San Rafael. Cal. . .
WANTED— Boy ' to learn awning and - tent
t : trade; paid while learning. 1139 Mission st.
1 WANTED— Men ' to learn '- barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
;i Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. .
__HBL^JWA^rTEp— MAJLE^^jC^n^^
MURRAY "& READY. ;
634 and 636 Clay st
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
- this is what
we know'I^dIItTn^on- between
man and man.
<jtou are all equal.
»#¦ YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
inn« tv» nave 1903 \\ e 11 Give-
ISo Men Work.___ 60.000 Men Work.
F V R E EE SH TO-D Y A°?. t3alE:
2S«a County. •>«»
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Lo, Angeles County.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST SOUTH.
INCLUDING, OGDEN, UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single double and machine
men. corner and bench hands. B»u<* er »-
chuck tenders, car dumpers teamsters, la-
borer*, track men cooks waiters engineers
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4. $3 50. $3, $- W ana
FREEWARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. -Thousand* Going;
ARE YOU? ARE. YOU? & AR^ YOU .
634 and 636 Clay st.
MOUNTAINS OF FRESNO CO. BOSS HERE
25 laborers, sawmill and woods, fare paid.
aD BIG UI ICE PLANT XPRTH.
25 laborers, no experience wanted, $S5 montn.
5 YOUNG MEN. SPECIAL JOB, $.5.
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
25 laborers, no experience required, nortn,
TO-DAY— YOUR FARE PAID NORTH.
2G laborers, sawmill and woods wcrk, $30
to $80 and found.
TO OREGON— FARE PAID.
25 laborers, mills, yards and woods. $33 to
$90 and found. ¦"
TO BUTTE— MANAGER HERE.
96 laborers and 4-horse teamsters, $87 50
and $75.
68 drillers and rockmen. $73.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
28 coal miners. $3 to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES— R. R. FARE PAID.
35 rough carpenters, manager here, $105.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
1C5 laborers, etc.. different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo. Milton.
Farmlngton, Gilroy, Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
20 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
FOR $5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
23 men among fruit, vineyard, orchard, etc.,
$1 fare, S26 and found.
12 four-horse teamsters, haul hay, $1 fare,
$40 and found.
GOLD AND SILVER.
- COPPER AND COAL.
96 miners, single and double' hand, some 8
hours, $83. $90.
10 tlmbermen, different obs, $90.
165 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
301 laborers, no \ experience required, $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
205 drillers and hammersmen. $75, $S5.
364 laborers no experience required. $60.
$07 50
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work. Includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills,
etc.. $2 5O and $2 day, located In San Fran-
cisco and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
104 bay and harvest bands. $1 50, $1 75, $2
and $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands, 15 fruit pickers. $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
90 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
10 hay balers 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $75, $70
and $00.
26 choremen coachmen and gardeners. $40,
$35 $30 and $25 and found.
' MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Job*. $70,
$60. $30 and found.
A cooks and wives hotels, mines, sawmills,
/etc.. $S5 $60 $50 and found.
' 501 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Posts, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3. $2 60. $2 day.
0 wagon and carriage makers. $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $1.
$3 50 $3 day. •
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare' $30 and found.'
Printer?; tinner, factory. $3 day; 13 coopers.
lie- 5 carriage painters, $DO: « brick mold-
ers. $3 50 day; plasterers, $5 50; structural
Iron workers.
12 tench hands and paperers, fare $1. $2^.3
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
57 cooks, all ov?r California. $90. $S0, $.5,
$60. $50. $40. $33 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, taloons. harvest outfits, etc.
15 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
, .tC rot *nd dish washers. $35, $00, $20 fd.
\ 1» bell and elevator boys. porters, bed-
makers. $3O to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes. $18 week up.
« bakers and helpers, $55, $40, $30 found.
Dishwasher, fare paid. Truckee, $25 found. •
2 ward men. State Institution, $30 found.
Waiter, Eureka, fare paid, $35 found.
"m'i'RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOLT. FARE PAID
TO Sl» SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS, ETC. .
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 laborers without any experience. $35 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods and mills.
» night crews for woods and mills.
120 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150,- $100, $90, $80, $70. $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything, from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay et.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner btos.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
.rui.s Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 60 to $3 per ween.
too MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past -Com. Oeo. H.Thomas Post.O. A. R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damage, half-
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 60c. 5V3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY. Oon-
rales. Monterey Co., Cai.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
TWO business horses and one camping wagon
for sale; cheap. 730 Folsom at.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
FOR sale — :t» head milch cows. JOHN SE-
CREST. Stockton. Cal. .
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of bouses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
~ LIVKKY STAULES.
'.OMKINSON'S livery stables, 57-59-61 Minna
st., bet. 1st and 2d— Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
- cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — White fox terrier; .strayed from 411
Jackson st. ; answers "Jack" ; No. of tag
•31WG. Return 1426 O'Farrell \ liberal reward.
LOST— Cream colored Scotch collie; reward If
returned to KREPLIN'S. tgtti Geary, st. -¦
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE DUFFY. No. 12S-416.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — In Oakland, a purse containing $3 green-
back 4 diamond rings: $30 reward. Return
to 1221 Linden St.. Oakland.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co..' 220 < Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
V MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief 'guaranteed; 30
" years' experience. 728 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
. lief guaranteed. 100b 14 Market at., opp. 5th.
3IEDICAL — Contlnned.
ERS. . wholesale oruggUts. s>e>«nUi and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR G W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
D ?n ?roubie commit thus specialist on femal.
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
S«te helVed: th. most difficult case, treat-
eo; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR ROSEN. 2995 FoJaom. cor. 2»th— Ladles'
exclusive office and home where relief 1, , ob -
talned In all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ill* Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MATERNITY Villa; strictly private. MRsi
DR. KUNKE. 141« Eighth St.. Alameda.
Drs Goodwin 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs expeKnce.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS
original method of treatment. 112tt Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FUlt S *^' n
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing. trun<ta.
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S30.
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with Elaterlte: in rolls easy to Uy:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, -rented an>i
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H. 8. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Bcale «t.
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— »3 00 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73, Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10O
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New- and second-band. E, B. BECK
ft CO.. 123 Market st.
AU bargains; camp stools A chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupl. 933 Mkt.
BOILERS, engines.pumps.plpe.beltingr.shaftlng-.
pulleys.etc. SUOARMAN BROS..&49 Howard.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-band. THE HER*
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montjfy.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pis»
tnres. BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of George Washing-
ton, Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc. ; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by mall only. GEO.
L. GOODMAN. 2180 Sutter st.. San Francisco.
TIL.TON* wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2*31.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.; tet. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY. ~~~*~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wlien You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
48 principal cities. Tolznan. 623 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on funltur* or piano: no removals
no commission: no publicity: $25 up: quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; rold. silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery St., rm. 16.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $13 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to>
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced oa
account of summer season for Juns, July:
3 Chlckerlsg $33. $97. $1S3
2 Emerson S»3. $119
2 Heine $233. $38S
2 Stelnway. small A largo uprlght.$lS3. $383
New pianos from ....$137 up
23 Squares from ...$13 up>
Piano Players. $90 up; rents reduced to $2
up. apply on purchase ; Installments, ona»
tenth down, two yean to pay balanca.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; teL
Main S744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$100: great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduce**
prices. Large stock, desirable goods and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.; 760 Market st. ¦
A FEW goo<6 upright pianos from $S5 up. in-
c!udlng Sterling. Marshall & Wendell, Halnes.
German. Everett. Sherwood A Jacobson and
others; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ .<i
SON, 16-2O O'Farrell. No branches In 9. F.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker:
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 OTarrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-nedal upright piano
at great loss: leaving city. 920 OTarreU st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hay— at.
BARGAIN; good upright; must.be sold at
once. BCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B, ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
KEARNY. 219, near Sutter— Sunny office to
let. . ¦
STORE with basement, below Kearny it.. $10.
Owner. 638 Clay st.
' PERSONALS.
THE Twin Brothers Mine, situated In the west,
ern part of El Dorado Co.. has a 400-ft. tun-
nel and a depth of 143 feet, a ledge that win
more than average 5 feet; the ore U good,
and to get money to place milling and pump-
Ing machinery on the mine- we will sell a few
thousand shares at 45c per share. 5c down
and 3c each month till paid for. For further
Information call, for 10 days only, cr address
J. M. CROW PER. 307 4th. r. 17. S. F.. Cal.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmark*.
smallpox plttings and scar* scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations this week.
Call or wrtta DR. L. WILLIAM3.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; tn plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drue
Cure. 201 Turk st. ; Bruce D. Kimmla. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth; stops fatllng.cures dandruff
'and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. StarRemedyCo..3S3 Geary.
NOT how cheap, but bow good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. ¦>.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call "r
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant avi.*,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles balrdresslng. 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing 25c G. LEDEBER. 123 Stockton st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADY
"WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO..
82 tf FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
. ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
S2H FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In 1 montn
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
FINISHERS on men's white shirts. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st.
NURSEGIRL for two children; city references;
$15. 1714 Geary st.
A GERMAN-SPEAKING girl; general house-
work; small family; $20. 1004- Broadway.
SOPRANO linger, used to sketch work. Call
afternoon, 1267 Clay st.
"WANTED— 2 first-class waitresses for Hotel
St. James, San Jose; wages $25; fare paid. .
WANTED— Good German or Swedish girl for
general. housework. 1B20 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS ironer wanted. Eureka Laun-
dry Co., 316 Tenth St., rear.
GOOD sewing machine operator to make awn-
ings and tents. 1139 -Mission st. _^
SALESLADY for stationery store. 1911 Mis-
sion st., near Sixteenth.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladies' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
PICK bops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or writs E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery gt San Francisco.
GOOD, reliable girl assist general housework,
plain cooking; sleep home preferred; refer-
ence. 30 Valley St., Guerrero cars.
WOMAN past 28 to manage branch business;
good opportunity. Box 2583. Call office.
GIRL to assist general housework; small fam-
lly. 415 Capp st: .
WANTED— A competent girl for cooking: small
washing. 1715 Broadway, near Franklin.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' waists!
steady work; good pay. Konlgsteln, 28 First.
WANTED — Experienced bindery girls. Apply
8ANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
H ELP W AN TED--M ALE. ~~
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Agents
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Hello Grant 185
.SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE.
.. For Chatsworth Park Tunnel. L. A. Co ..
FOR WILLITS
For Company's Own Work, Different Dlvl-
stons, California
Machine drillers, tunnelmen, - muckers, drill-
ers, section hands, extra gangs. .... .$1 70-$.l
For Chlco — Laborers, $2 25 Fare $2 SO
5 milkers, same dairy, and 1 -farm hand, $35
and found, Mendoclno County
Haymakers, $1 50; blacksmiths, $3 day, $50
and found; coachmen and men about places,
$35; lever man, dredser, $(>O and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Manag-er and steward, country hotel, $50;
head cook, mine boarding-house, $70; cook,
small' country hotel, $40; cook ' and dish-
washer, country restaurant, $50, $30; night
cook, restaurant, near city, $40; butcher,
country shop, $35 and found; washer and run
boiler, country laundry, $45 and board; wait-
ers, housemen, porters, bellboys, $15-$4O:
houseman, first-class hotel, south, $25, fare
advanced; and hundreds of others
O. R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agents,
429 Bush st .042 Clay st.
TWO sheepheTders. $30 and found; locksmith
and saw filer. $2 50 day; circular saw filer,
$3 day and increase; shingle sawyer. $fi. r » and
found; drag sawyer. $M) and found; black-
smith helpers.' $2 and $2 50 day; ironers,
country laundry. $35 and found; brick
makers; slack work coopers; sash and door
machine man. $3 day; lOquarrymen. $2 25-
day; miners. $2 50 and $3 day: chore boy for
vineyard. $10 and found: 2 milkers. $35 and'
found; butter maker. $40 and found; 3 men
and wives, private families,. $40. $50 and $75
month; man to distribute circulars, $1 50
day; stableman, country. $35 and found;
farmer and wife for Nevada; boy for veg-
etable wagon $1 day and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C28' Sacramento st.
CHOREMAN for resort. $25 and found; boy
for housework, $15 and found: hotel cooks.
$35 and f 50 and found ; cook and wife, $f>0
and found; restaurant cook, country, $12
week: kitchen man $P>0 and found; waiter.",
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pastry cook, $70; porter, $25: barman, $50
and found: colored waiter, $32; cook, $70;
typesetter, steady Job. two or three days a
week; elevator boy, $20.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener; wages $40; refer-
ences necessary. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
¦ Sutter St., near Powell.
STENOGRAPHER anil assistant bookkeeper;
apply In own handwriting, stating age, expe-
rience, reference and salary expected; good
situation for experienced man. Address G. B.,
box 2597. Call office. ¦.¦¦¦'
TAILORS — Coatmaker wanted for the country;
steady work; by the week. Call Thursday,' ¦'
0 o'clock. STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Market
and -Second sts. ¦ . .
EXPERIENCED delivery driver wanted; must
understand routine work of grocery and -pack-
age delivery. Apply Superintendent's Office,
the Emporium.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
BOY to run . errands " In confectionery and to
make himself generally useful; not under 16
years. 1503 Geary- et. .....
WANTED — Experienced crockery selector; give
- ' reference, experience and . wages expected.
Box 1187. Call office. ' • r '
TRY. our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
¦ foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall - charges. - 11 Third sW Examiner bldg.'
BOY to learn trade; wages from start. "CAR-
SON . GLOVE CO. ,' 123 Second st. * :
COATMAKERS > wanted. HARSHALL'S. 12
.- Kearny- st. - •'!.->. . '-. --. ¦' --.- •
WANTED— Kitchen boy.. Bank Exchange,
--¦ southeast cor. Montgomery and "Washington.
WAITER wanted. : 2C1 First St. .
BOY to begin at bottom in wholesale store. Ad-
dress box 2590,- Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. ¦ 515 Hayes st.
WANTED — Experienced | city salesman. Brown-
-Btone .Wine Co.. "Ellis and Jones sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Position by neat, reliable woman;
is srood cook; neat housekeeper; no objection
to city or across the bay; no mall answered.
958 Mission St.
A GIRL wishes situation at general house-
work; wages $30; American family. Call
Thursday and Friday, from 2 to 4, at SI'S
Page st.; references.
GIRL vvant.s a place to do general housework:
small private family; plain cooking. 2222
Post st.; wages $20.
GERMAN woman, good cook and light house-
work, wishes position in small family in
country; wages $20. 322 Jessie St.. nr. 4th.
i YOUNG woman wants to work by the day,
washing or ironing; $1 35 a day. Box 1188,
Call oiiice. ¦ •
YOUNG lady would like pceltlon as compan-
ion for elderly lady; referencts. Address box'
251M), Call office. ¦ . .-.-'-¦¦
GIRL Just from Norway wants position as gen-
eral houseworker in small family. 1355 Ste-
venson st.
i YOUNG lady wishes position In of fife; can give
good reference. 1722 Market St., Transfer
Office; phone South 930. *>*,.:>:¦;
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements;
cpn attend to surgical dressings, rubbings,
baths and any care the sick may require.
Tel. Scott 3151,
.GERMAN cook wishes situation In private
house; first class. Address 2G Turk st. .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT- WASTED MALE.
BRIGHT boy wishes position In Office or
wholesale house; chance -for advancement:
has recently graduated from commercial
school; Is good at figures and can do sten-
ography and typewriting. W. E. "W.. 1651
Seventh St.. Oakland. Cal. . ¦¦:¦¦¦¦.
ELDERLY man would like place; attend to
cows and horse and make himself useful
around the place. No. 208 Natoma St.. nr.
Third, rear house.
AS bartender, light position, town or country,
by respectable single middle-aged man;
speaks German; has references. Address
Bartender. 989 Howard st.
MAX used to carpenter's and plumber's tools
wants steady Job; used to institution. Jani-
tor. 812 Kearny "st.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant; thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
ftc. Box 25'JO, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cook and wife; best refer-
ences; country hotel or boarding-house. Box
1978. Call. .
YOUNG man (22) desires clerical position of
any kind; can furnish bonds; best of refer-
ences. Box 25S7. Call. ¦
GOOD job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience: tf years with last
firm. 27(5 Hartford St.. city.
A GARDENER wishes situation on commercial
or private place; good city references. Ad-
dress box 2594, Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent man wants position
as porter in wholesale or commission house.
Address A. R., Call office, Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS horseshoer and general black-
smith wants steady Job; state wages. Box
2573. Call.
BRIGHT young man wishes position in good
business house to work himself up; can fur-
nish best of reference. Box 2578, Call.
BLACKSMITH. Al, wants steady Job. Address
box 2577. Call office.
JAPANESE young couple want a position In
small family, man as plain cook, wife wait-
ing and housework; city or country. H. H..
4 St. Mary st.
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation;
family of 5; washing. LEE GUNG. 73U Sac-
ramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT — Bonds paying 6 per cent, free
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company: Interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. San
Francisco. _^_^_^______^____
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
eold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Port.
AN old established corporation, doing a large
and profitable business, wants $50,000 more
capital. Bex 2533. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250 Geary st.. on
the square. •
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C st.,' one block to McAllister
cars; & rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
S1'5 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
CORNER sunny flat of 0 rooms and bath; rent
only $20. 3021 Laguna st. - -
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms, bath and yard. 24
Shotwell st., near Fourteenth; $1U.
JONES, 1707— Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms;
pleasant location; msrlne view; $15.
MODERN, sunny, corner upper flat 7 rooms;
rent reasonable. Jackson and Larkin sts.
TO LET — Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25: open.
6-ROOM flat. Comer Church and Hancock sts.,
near Eighteenth. • <
FLATS FOR SALE — FUUMSMfclW.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room flat. Inquire
14.%b Hayes st.. near Baker; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED FE31ALE.
WANTED — German cook, $30: second girl,
tame house $20; 3 cooks $:;r>; housework,
city. $30; Martinez, $3O; Ross Valley $25;
4 second girls, city, Belmont. Menio. $25; 8
waitresses for resorts. $25. fare paid, and
laundress for hotel, $25; Ironer for hospital
laundry, $25; 5 nurseglrls, $25; restaurant
waitress. $9; waitress, mining camp, $25;
dishwasher, club house, country. $25; 4
chambermaids and waitresses. $20; cham-
berwork. short distance, country hotel; 4 4
general housework girls, city and country.
*2<» $25 $.'iO. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.'. 334 Sutter st. .
WANTED — Cook for Institution, $50; laun-
dress for springs," $40; 8 waitresses for r»-
Horts, $25 and $30; man and wife for pri-
vate family, nice place, $50. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
FIVE~hotel waitresses for Santa Cruz, wages
$25 each, fare paid; three waitresses for San
Jose, $25 . each ; three waitresses for . Calls-
toga, $25 each; a nurse for one child, must
do sewing, $30; a nurse for one child, to go to
Monterey, wages $30; an Infant's nurse,
v/ages $35; a cook for hospital, $40. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A COOK on a cattle ranch, wages $35 per
month-: see party here this morning. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near. Powell.
A GOOD Ironer for country hotel.' wages $35
and fare paid. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter st. near Powell. ...
A GIRL for a doctor's office; wages, $25, board
and room. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS, $30; lady's maid, $30; nurse,
$25; woman to cook for men, $30; - woman
with a child. $20; houseglrl, $30; second girl,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. • ¦
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
frcm A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to. $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r, 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment.' hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks: day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones,' r. 94.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO..
656 Mission Bt. ... - -
A — OPERATORS wanted on ' ladies' waists;
.good wages: steady employment. 656 Mis-
sion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO. - ; ¦ . ¦ . ' (
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and in-
fants' Wear; 'steady position; good wages. 1.
MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission st.
GLOVES — Operators to' learn 'glove fitting;
wages from start: also driving glove makers.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators.
Apply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO..' 412
Polk st. ...
GIRL for general housework and plain 'cook-
Ing: small family; good wages.- 770 McAl-
lister st. ' ' •..-.¦
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
WOOL sorters or women .willing, to learn with
pay. ¦ HENRI MARX. 134 Bluxome : ,st. -
A WETNURSE wanted. Call with -baby * be-
tween 1 and 3. 500 Van . Ness ave. ¦ ¦
WANTED — An experienced I girl 9 for I wrapping.
Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. ¦ 711 Market.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlgbt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrrer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<-:¦•• McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
iC15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
V.-41 Mission ctreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m.
10W6 Valencia street; open unt'.l 9 p. tn.
Ncrthweet corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky btreets; open until 9 p. m.
22U0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena JL
• Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. AA
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will /S?i
be held In Commandery Hall. Ma- <JS£
oonic Temj-le on THURSDAY EVENING,
July 9. l'Jtt'l. at 8 o'clock. Degree 5. \ isit-
ing brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER. Sec.
MISFION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. JB^
S Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) >Qf
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- /VA
. sree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING. July y. at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First degree. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. C!
SM.— Special meeting THIS (THCRS-Vy
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third /V\
degree. Master Masons cordially
invited By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. See.
DORIC Lodge No. 2llT>. and A. M. O
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Vy
EVENING, at 7 :30 o'clock. Second /V\
degree. Sojourning brethren are In-
vited. By order of the Master
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARIl KING Lodge No. 344 F. and »
A. M.. 317 Devisadero st. — First de-YY
tree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Master Masons cordially invited. By
order cf the \Y. M
A." A. ANDEBSON. Sec.
GOLDEN West Lodge No7~322. I. "
O O F.— Installation of ofti- --JfiWSfti?"-
• '. r.« THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-^SmSS©
ING. All <>Jd Fallows cordially °S*».W^
invited. M. A McCLAIXE Noble Grand.
Lu W. CLARKE. R. S.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society — The fc^rf**?*
picnic committee of the above named VX'VjJ
Society will meet THURSDAY \Vfl
EVENING. July 'J. to make further CC5*3?
arrangements for our coming picnic •%*
to be held in Shell Mound Park on Sunday,
Aurum 2. P. DEASY, Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secret a ry.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle . v,
«1ub meets THIS (THURSDAY) C»J7
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 xkX£s
O'Farrell st., at n o'clock; stran- > «^sfc
ffers cordially invited.
GEORGE W. MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATEKSON. Recorder.
GAS WORKERS' Union No. 9S40— There will
be a F^K-cial meeting of the union THIS
• THURSDAY) EVENING. 8 o'clock. July U.
l'jua. in Concord Hall, second floor Alcazar
building; iir.rKjrtant business. By order of
JAME? KINGSTON, President.
6. SCHWARTZ. Sec
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be htld at No. 400 California street, the
bar.k'.cs-houee of raid bank, in the City and
County of fan Francisco, State cf CaHfor-
rla. on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
:i»".:. at the hour of half-past three o'clock
in the afternoon of said day. for the pur-
pose cf considering and deciding what dis-
position rhall be made of the new or In-
creased capital stock of said bank that may
be authorized by said stockholders on said
«Uy. and of providing how, to whom, when
and at what price and under what conditions
eald new or increased capital etock may be
cold, and for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Beard of Directors of said
bank what to do In the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
as President of the Bank of California.
Dated July 1. 1903.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular quarterly I
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Cali-
fornia will be held at the banking-house. 400
California street. San Francisco, on TUES-
DAY. July 14. 1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer bocks for the transfer of stock will
close on Tuesday, July 7, 1903. at 3 o'clock
p. m.. and will reopen on Wednesday, July
15. at 9 o'clcxk a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
I "TIE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. S. Kerr, in Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County.
Cal., <!rainir.g into Wades Gulch Crock,
which reaches Etanislauti River, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room <M.
Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal.. July
20. 1803. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20, 1JMJ3. at 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1* pages, tn wraprtr. for mullinr. *1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED. j
THE. only authorised life of Pope Leo XIII.
written with the encouragement, approbation
and blessing of his holiness, by Mgr. Bernard J
IOreilly, D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years '
lived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to [
the Pope; this distinguished American au- j
thor was summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as hi? official biographer* ap- i
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
and ell church authorities as the only ciflrial
biography of the Pope: over SoO pages, mag-
nificently illustrated; unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents:. best commission; elegant outfit I
free. s*nd 15 c-ent* fcr postage to the JOHN i
C WINSTON CO., 328 Dearborn Et.. Chicago, !
111. I
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY taught, horosropes cast. PROF.
RAYMOND, bookstore. WJ Ellis ft.; by mall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. |
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.. '
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills, i
Attachments, collections, etc.; consultation .
Irte: no advance charge*; call or write; even-
Ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance ccst In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ractt: no fee* In advance ; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 3L
ADVICE free; divorces a. specialty ;<juick,quiet;
co charge without success ; established IB yrs.
G. W. HOWE. .1122 Market st-. opp. Halt's.
AlTKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clorile bldg.. o03 California st.: teL Main -727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law CJ2 Mar.
fcpt rt.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
cates; cpen evgs. W.W.Davidson. 1)27 Market.
L. E. CLARK. Eroma £preckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. : <-cn*ultation free: no fee» In advance.
BUSINESS CUANCES. ~
WARNING ~ ~ ~^™*-
To the
Inventing Public.
We announce the completion of our /
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine
which will do the work of hundreds of men
and horses.
On or about July 20th.
Upon its completion no etock will be offered
for less than $1 per share. Until th»n a few
shares remain to be sold at 00c. for cash cr In-
kt&ilmer.ts. . Persons during to «ee this
Marvel of mechanical ingenuity
can do to by railing: at the ol flees of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO
001-W2-003 Examiner Building.
f3fif>_RESTAURANT on Geary; clears $100 mo.
$4500^ — Restaurant on Cth; clears $250 month.
$1500 — Kaloon on 4th; clears $100 month.
*7(K) — Saloon on Harrison; clears $100 month.
$450 — Fruit utore on O'Farrell ;clears $100 mo.
MOfi — Candy store on Market; clears $">o mo!
S!.:.Vi — Oandy store: Market; clears $175 mo.
$2fK»_Clgar More; O'Farrell: clears $100 mo.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery, rooms 11-12.
$250 — PARTNER In real <-state office; ncedTiT
<r*etic young man: one who can attend to
office. Apply 131 Montgomery st., room 11.
$4000 — GOOD paying grocery and general* mer-
chandise business In Oakland. Address box
:»92. Call office. Oakland.
CANDY store for eal«> cheap; $400. 10C1 Mar-
ket Bt.. near tk-ventb.
A EA LOON for sale. 1S35 Castro ct.
HAIRDRESSING parlors: cheap: value In eight-
" good location: retiring. 1153 Mkt.. bet.7th-bth.
DAIRY with everything complete. Including 21
young cows and 3 borses, wagons and all the
business for sale. Address or send orders
by mall to GEORGE PANAI0T1S. San Le-
andro. Cal.
$1000^ — FOR sale or exchange for city real c-s-
tate. old lumber, coal feed business; long
lease. Proprietor. 2M3 Mission st.
FOR sale — Large restaurant; . wholesale dis-
trict; cood profit; lease. Box 258S. Cal!. ¦
BAKERY and delicacy ctore for sale; must be
cold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outride route for. sale. Apply Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call.
. 16 jwf ea, in wrapper, for mulling. (1 per year
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $l*°-v -*i°*^
58 rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. J000
24 room*: corner: part cash; bal. eaey. SM
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.. j»«
21 rooms; water front; rent J40; lease.. t>50
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms; apartments; Western Add; rent. -o«
Monty loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels. roadhou6es. flats. 5 to 100" rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$3000—28 RMS.: O'Farrell: lease: Income $2«0.
$2000—15 rms. ;elegant; O'Farrell: clears $100.
$1200 — 16 rooms: O'Farrell St.: clears Jio.
$C00 — 9 rooms: Leavenworth st.; clears $+0.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery st.. rms. 11-1-.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40(1 Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
SUNNY, well furn. cor. flat, 14 rms; rent $37;
prlre $C50. ¦ 204 Second st.. upstairs.
SPIRITUALISM. _ _
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 019 McAllister. Come, skeptics.
MRS. ALICE TOBIAS. 122S Market St.— Circles
Tuesdays and Fridays.8 p. m.; readings dally.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. test circle Friday even-
ing. 25c; eittiriRs dally. 1000 Harrison st.
— —^— ~ — — — — —^^^~ —^^^"
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT ~6nCE~AND SAVE $2.
My Regular ?3 Reading This Week For
*1. $1 8L $1. $1. $1- $1- *1-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant «and
Palmist E\er in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry: in fact. I will tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st... 320.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently "located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to cccur In the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied In Hie.
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how tn overcome th-*m; valuable ndvice
in all affairs of life; 2.V- up: satisfaction
guarantee! readings by mail. Tel Hlack 1560.
1SMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlrt. permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KHONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: readings. 25e; will Rive
full planet reading and answer 3 questions.
by mail. $1: when others fail try me: s?nd
rttt» of birth and lock of hair. 402 Frank-
lin st., near Grove; send P. O. money order.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
cxd sight: tells the past, present and future:
l»dle«, 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 12fi Turk st.
MRS. BASHAM. clairvoyant : come prepared
with questions 798 Van Ness. cor. Eddy;
tel. Sutter 3131.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st., near Market.
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st.. near Mif.'ion.
MADAM MARCEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies. 25c; gents, 50c. 545 Minna st. .
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city,
2fi>4 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c: gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: »lt-
tlngs dally. 44S*4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
CARPET-nEATIXG AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call b'g.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDLN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero su: tel. Mission 49.
TP.Y HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2«3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CUIKUl'ODISTii.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 916 Mark-t;
tel. Red 61fi; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made: |
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. fjSSfl. j
j COTTAGES TO LET. .
FURNISHED cottage of 6 rooms and bath to
let ch-ap. 3933 Twenty-fifth st.
DENTISTS.
! DR~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
i made; old plates made over like new; teeth
; frcm $S per set; extracting. 60c: gas given.
! REMOVAL
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved frcm 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room 03*. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up: fll!ings,25u.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pern: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free
New York Dentists. 9fi9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEABISTRESSE?.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1018 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art'» button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
llE^L^^^cllO^L^F^E^EC^fluCAX^'ENG^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day, night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1362 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 Post St.. S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50: day and evening sessions.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave; rates reduced during
cummer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
Et., near Ninth ; management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; eet. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookeep-
lcg; enroll now and be ready for position In
tall. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market st.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission .r.r.f.th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market.nr.10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. ?S mo.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 18C>3: new 80-page catalogue free.
employment' offices.
c1£6!tGE~^K7r^2TT^Y r stT^^^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; :ur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5Ti2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help.-315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. «40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman, good references, for laun-
dry work and sweeping; half day. $1; $1 «0
day. MRS. FOWLER. 130% Fern ave., bet.
Sutter and.Iiush Mn., off Van Ness; iihone
- Larkin *7»: after 7 p. m.
A COIX>RED lady, wishes day's work. • Ad-
dress 247 Htevenson et: good reference.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California it. •
The Want Ada of The Call are a beacon of hope
To many a fellow who's been down on his luck.
Such pore o'er its columns as does a race flend his dope —
* They know by experience thus a Job is oft struck.
And employers as well always look in The Call
When they want a pood man for a hurry-up Job;
So we please on both sides, 'tis acknowledged by all.
And give worth for your coin— we don't any man rob.BERKELEY, July 8.-A. C. Wright of
2215 Shattuck avenue held up a Telegraph
avenue streetcar 'this morning with the
butt end of a 22-callber rifle. He did not
do it with the hope of Rain, but because
he was angry and In fear of his life.
Wright was driving, along Shattuck ave
nue between the car tracks and a pile of
earth. A car came along and bore dowir
on him so quickly that he was crowded
against the embankment before he could
get out of the way. Just then he hit upon
the device of hurling the rifle he carried
with him at the motorman's head. In
stead of hitting the motorman, however,
the rifle's butt end struck a window and
went through It, scattering glass In all
directions. That brought the car to a
standstill and prevented an accident.
How A. C. Wright Saved Himself
From Being Crushed Against
an Embankment.
HOLDS UP A STEEETCAR
WITH BUTT END OF RIFLE
VICTORIA, B. C, July 8.— Private mes
sages to the Victoria Sealing Company
tell of the catches of two schooners tfi
the fleet, hunting oft the Falkland Islands
and in the vicinity of Cape Horn. The
Florence M. Smith took 998 skins and the
E B. Marvin took 1371 skins during the
season just closed. The schodners, which
are now refitting at Port Stanley, have
been a year away from Victoria and in
that year 'they have taken 56S0 skins.
There are five other Victoria vessels
hunting oft Cape Horn.
Sealers .Make Good Catches.
SEATTLE. July 8.— Clearings. $632,562; bal
an TACOMA^July 8.— Clearings. $329.5S3; bal
an pORTLAND. July. 8.--Clearlngs. $514,459;
balances. $32,960. ' •
SPOKANE. July 8.— Clearings. $449,460; bal
ances, $66,926. _ - ¦ • V.
Northern Business.
Henry and Susanna Tegen (owner) with
Robert Trost- (contractor) — All work for a
two-story frame building on W line of Buch
anan street, "5'N of Filbert. N 22:(J by W 87:6
W. A. 261: $3197.
William J. Dingee (owner) with J. A. De
neen (contractor), \ archttect Frank B. Van
Trees — All work for alterations and additions
to a three-story building on N line of Geary
street. 40:7 E of Grant avenue, E 40: >i by i^
60; $64?2.
J. A. BerRerot and Thomas Lacot>te (own
ers) with J. G. Granuts & Co. (contractors),
architect Jules Godart — Hot water heating
plant for a five-story and basement building
on N line of Ellis street, 30 E ot Franklin, E
40 by N 120; $1350.
Same owners with Pattoslen Company (con.
tractors), architect same — Tiling and wains
coting for same on same; $1485.
Builders' Contracts.
Bernhard and Rose Gets to Thomas J. At
kinson, lot on BE line of Madrid street. 225
NE of Persia. NE 25 by SE 100. block 37 Ex
celsior Homestead; $10.
Gottlieb Grau to Fred Gehrtnann, lot on SW
line of Brazil avenue, 75 RE of Lisbon street.
SE 25 by SW 100. block 28. same; $10.
Emllle Bandel to Olga Bandel, lot on E line
of Utah street. 175 N of Helena. E 132:4. NW
55:4. W 107:9. S 50. lots 7 and 8. Silver Ter
race Homestead Association; also lot on E line
of Utah street. 225 N of Helena. E 107:9 NW
6:4. W 83:2. S 60. lots 5*and 6. same: $50.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Pierre Mayson
nave. lot on 8 corner of Sixteenth avenue and
H street. SW 100 by SE 75. block 324. South
San - Franclwo Homestead; $350.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Frank E.
and Mary I rusk e, lot on N line of Peralta
avenue. 100 W of York street. W 30 by N 150
lot 227. Precita Valley lands; $10.
Charles H. J. and Alice O. Truman to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10. -
Sarah McGllvery to August and Heta Steg
man. lot on SW line of Virginia avenue 100
"SE of Mission street. SE 40 by SW 60. PreciU
Valley lots 374 to 377: $10.
John C. Brickell and John Brickell Company
to City and County of San Francisco, lot com
mencing at a point on Twenty-seventh avenue
extended 600 N Lake street. E 655 by N SO.
to be known as West Clay street; $1.
Conrad and Mary C. Rlegelhuth to August
Busse. lot on NW line of Perry street. 300 SW
of Third. SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
. Martina Bengston to Herbert A. Walsh, lot
on S UnA of Clement street 70 W of Third
avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Herbert A. Walsh to Charles "L. A. and
Delia. K. Kollmer. same; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Theresa M.
and. Joseph F. Maloney, lot on E line of Sec
ond avenue. 250 N of B street N 25 by E
120; $10.
Thomas J. Atkinson to Charles Colson. lot
on N line of L street. 82 :G E of Twenty-third
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and D^a Getz to George D. Wllko.
lot on W lino of Forty-fourth avenue. COO 3
of K street. 8 25 by W 120; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Olga
O. E. M. Ungerman, lot on NE corner of Lib
erty and Church streets, E 55 by X 114; $2175.
William J. White to Thomas and Mary A.
Cull, lot on N line of Sixteenth street 220 W
of Castro, N 131:5, W 42. SW 20, NE 11. SE
120:8, NE 4:1, right angles 2<5:5Vi; $10.
Ferdinand and Lottie R. Lombard! to Rosa
Constant, lot on N line of Thirtieth street. 125
E of Dolores, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Hibernia. Savings and Loan Society to Adel
bert and Johanna Krsak, lot on E line of San
chez street. 30. N of Day, N 27:6 by E SO; $635.
Martha H. Holland to Henrietta Lichten
stein,, lot on N line of Sacramento street. 125
E of Drumm. E 30 by N 59:9; $10
Mary E. and Paul W. Latham to Hugh T.
Gordon, lot on S line of Alta street. 208:5^4 E
from SW corner of Alta and MbnUomery. E
22:_<4 by S 60; also lot on NW corner of Mont
gomery and Greenwich streets, N "J2:6 -W 40-0
N 30. W 22 S 62:6, E 62:6; also lot on_W line
of Montgomery street. 112:8 N of Filbert J*<
25 by W 87:6; also lot on N line of Green
street. 91 :S E of Montgomery. E 22:11 by N
68:9; also lot on N line of Filbert street 111
W of Montgomery, W 26:6 by N 137:6; also lot
on S line of Alta street. 137 :« E of Montgom
ery and 120 N of Union. E 25 by S 50. quit
claim deed; flO.
Hugh T. and Anna N. Gordon to M. L.
Hicks, same; $1.
J. Cuneo Company to Vlto Carlo, lot on S
line of Water street. 91:6 E of Taylor. E 23
by S 57:6; $10. -
Johanna Kenney to John Kenney, lot on X
line of Pacific street. 68:6 W of Hyde. W 23
by N 87:6; gift.
Pomeroy Estate Company to Jesse D. Han
nah, lot on NW line of Clementina street, S75
NE of Fifth. NE 37:« by NW SO; $10.
Belle and Edgar Pomeroy to same, same,
quitclaim deed: $1.
Florence A. or Flora Pomeroy (wife of A.
E.) to same, same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Louis Epstein to Glttel Epstein lot on SE
line, of Clementina street 481:3 SW of Fourth
SW 45:10 by SE 80; gift.
Eliza Magnes to Theodore Dlerks. lot on N
line of Golden Gate avenue. 103:D W of Lar
kin street. W 33:9 by N 137:6; flO.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Horstmann Company, lot on 8 line of Pine
ctr»et, 112:8 E of Polk, E 50 by S 120; $— .
Horace and Edith K. Davis to^Alfred Celller,
lot on S line of Vallejo street, 110 W cf Gough
W 27:6 by S 137:6; |10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Thomas Jenninr», lot on N line cf Vallejo
street. 73 E cf Fillmore, E 32 by N 137:6- $10.
Emlle Soher to Adele P. Soher. lot on E line
of Pierce street, 100 N of McAMUter. N 37:6
by E 130; gift.
Charles S. and Maria C. Klttredre to Allc*
Beckmann, lot on E line of Maple, street. 35
N of Satramento. N 61 by E 112:6; $10.
Rose Langford to William A. At wood lot
on X line of Clay street. 154 :2',4 E of First
avenue, E 28 by N 127:8»i; $10.
Emma L. Stanley to Amenayda Lecjulmje. lot
on W line of Guerrero, 2ti3 S of Fourteenth 8
25 by W 131:9; $10.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 8.— Wheat— Walla /Walla,
75@T6c; bluestem. SOc; valley, 77@70c. ,
Northern Wheat Market.
I,ate Shipping Intelligence.
. - ARRIVED.
-.. > Wednesday, July 8..;-
Stmr Grace ¦ Dollar. 6lsen. 25 hours from
Eureka bound south; put in to land passengers.
* Stmr " Montara; . Rellly. 82 hours f rom Tacoma
¦ Vl 8tmr* t Jaines Dollar. Thwing. 81 hours from
Santa' Paula." Neilsen, — hours from
VentUra - SAILED.
. Wednesday. July. 8.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, . 8an Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 8— Stmr Brook
! — Arrived July 8— Stmr Phoe
n SEATTLE— Sailed July 8— -Stmr Dolphin,
f ? r 6kagWay - FOREIGN PORTS' ' "
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived. July 8— Nor stmr
Titanla.' from San Diego for Nanalmo.
. VISALIA, July's.— The Board of Super
visors of Tulare County Jo-day voted to levy
a tax of. 2 cents on . the $100 to raise: fund*
to ; make an '. exhibit of = the: county ' products
at the ' World's . Fair. ,, The tax will insure
$3000. There was no opposition to the move
ment ' - ; - ' ¦
GERMAN LUTHERANS
BEGIN THEIR SESSION
Professor F. Pieper Delivers the
Opening Address to the Dele
gates at Zion Church.
OAKLAND. July 8.— The annual con
ference of California and Nevada district
of the German Lutheran Church opened
this. evening at the Zion Evangelical
Cuurch at Twelfth and Myrtle streets.
The opening sermon wa3 preached by
Professor F. Pieper. president of tno
synod of the Lutheran church, and presi
dent of the Concordia Theological Serai
nary.
He spoke of the work of the Lutheran
church and the object of the conference
and the benefits of the annual meetings
at which teachers and ministers from all
parts of the country meet ap j. become ac
quainted with each other, imbibing new
ideas which will be useful to them In
their work.
At 9 o'clock . to-morrow ; rnorningr the
committee on credentials will begin the
examination of the credentials of dele
gates from all parts of this State and Ne
vada. Nearly all of the delegates elected
to attend the conference have already ar
rived. Those who have already regis
tered are as follows:
Delegates from San Francisco— Rev. O.
Bernthal. Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Rev. M.
Liebe. Rev. E. P. Block. J. H. Hargens. Paul
Scheer. N. G. Selbel, H. Friedericks. W. Stell
ing. Delegates from Oakland — Rev. J. H.
Thetes. George Thelss. Edwin Meese, George
Hagtst,. J. H. Rocker, M. Schramm. Dele
gates from other parts of the district: Ala
meda — Rev. J. H. Wltte. John Hippen. Stock
ton — Rev. T. H. Fleckenstein. Lodi— H. Ha
gist. Newman — A. Hansen. Fresno — S Hoer
nick. George Steitz. Creston — Mr. Ernst. San
Jose — Rev. G. Dennlnger. Santa Rosa — Rev.
J. W. Theiss. Chicago Park — Rev. M. Kues
ner. Gardnervllle Nev. — Rev. J H. Horst
mann. Berkeley — Rev. B. Lange. George Hun
rick. Salt Lake^ — Rev. John Graebner. "Los
Angeles— Rev. G. Runkel, William Ihlo.
Orange— Rev. J. Kogler, H. Dierker. Pasa
dena — Rev. F Reiser. Oxnard — Rev. M. Hey
mann. San Diego — Rev. G. Kiesel. Crockett
Rev. M. Tletjen.
Teachers of parochial schools in tho dis
trict:. San Francisco — J. H. Hargens, Paul
Scheer. Oakland— J. G. Theiss, H. G. Roeck
cr. Loa Angeles — Mr. Meyer. Orange — E.
Mueller. Professor F. Pleper, St. Louis. Mo.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Gunboat Concord Returns to Vallejo.
' VAL.LEJO. July 8.— The gunboat Con
cord unexpectedly returned here to-day
and is tied up alongside the navy yard.
There are different stories afloat as to
the cause of her return. It Is stated by
some that the ship condenser does not
work properly, although it is claimed the
Concord was put in excellent trim before
she left the navy yard. Others say that
ships' are often hurried away from the
navy yard before their machinery Is
thoroughly tested and slight defects are
likely to appear a little later. -
Los Angelean Dies in a Saloon.
SEATTLE, July S.-George I* Bcattie
was locked up in the Ruby saloon last
night, and when the proprietor opened
the place to-day he found Beattie dead in
a chair. From papers on his person it
was ascertained that Beattie comes of
wealthy parents in Los Angeles. A cut
over the eye and one on the Jaw led to
some doubt on the part of the Coroner as
to Beattie's manner of death, and a post
mortem examination of the body was
held. It was ascertained that Beattie
came to his death from natural causes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 8.
Superior Judge Elijah Hart of Sacra
mento,' who decided the water rates suit
in favor of the Contra Costa Water
Company, has indicated his desire not to
come to Oakland to settle the bill of ex
ceptions, which step is preliminary to
preparation of the engrossed transcript
on appeal to the Supreme Court.
In a letter to City Attorney McElroy,
received to-day, Judge I Hart suggests
that he would be pleased to place himself
at the disposal of the attorneys at a time
to be fixed upon during this month, as
hi will take a vacation in August.
But Judge Hart notes that the papers
in the case are at Sacramento and in his
possession and that that city would be a
convenient place to attend to the legal
formalities. Both the bill of exceptions
as prepared by the city's counsel and the
amendments thereto offered by the wa
ter company's attorneys were filed a week
ago with County Clerk Cook. The clerk
properly forwarded the bulky records to
Judge Hart.
City Attorney McElroy said to-night
that he would at once communlcate^with
Attorney McCutchen, the water com
pany's counsel, with tho view of fixing a
convenient date to meet Judge Hart at
Sacramento.
"I should prefer as early a date as pos
sible," said the City Attorney, "that the
case may reach the Supreme Court with
out delay."
In this suit Attorney Carl Abbott is
special assistant to the City Attorney.
Prefers to Remain in Sacra
mento Rather Than to
Go to Oakland.
Judge Hart Is Ready to
Settle Exceptions in
Water Case.
ASKS LAWYERS
TO NAME A DAY
SUICIDE LEAVES LITTLE
CLEW TO HIS IDENTITY
Address* Found in His
Pocket. .
Supposed to Be J. H. Mayers From
A suicide with no identification other
than the words "J. H. Mayers, 648 How
ard street," written On a slip of paper
In his pocket, died at the Central Emer
gency Hospital at about 8 o'clock last
night as the result of a pistol shot wound
in the temple. He was found in a bath
room at 208 Third street and died with
out gaining consciousness.. ;
Roughly dressed and evidently a Swede
of the laboring class, beyond the name
on the slip of paper In the suicide's pock
et no other clew to his Identity could be
discovered. The man was of perfectly
sound and even robust physique and it
is therefore not supposed that mental or
physical disability could have prompted
his action.
When the man was brought to the hos
pital his life was at a very low ebb and
he died before Dr. Leonard could rally
him to consciousness. Tne body was re
moved to the Morgue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, ' THURSDAY/- JULY 9; 1903.
13
| ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE——
¦ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
CONNECTICUT
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COM-
nectlcut." on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on Utat
day. as mad* by the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
-tsiona of sections «IO and 811 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank fOrnlshad by
th« Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000.00« 09
ASSETS.
Real Estata owned by Company.. $14«. 950 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.343,930 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2 72O..W 00
Cash In Company's Of flc* 238 04
Cash In Banks 231.900 SS
Premiums In duo Cours • of Collec- - ¦
tlon 234.673 03
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Flr« and Marina Risks 4,454 S3
. Total Assets $4.734.781 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 158.361 38
Loeae* in Process of Adjustment -
or In Suspens* 143.033 AS
Losses resisted Including expenses 29.380 43
Cross premiums on Fire Risks.
running on* year or less, $1,717,-
022 01; re-insurance BO per cent. 533,311 CO
Gross prenttu~3 on Fire Risks.
running nor* than on* year.
$2 6S0 394 63; T*-lnauranc* pro
ri'ta, 1.4_.67« 61
Total Liabilities ya.B32.1M 03
INCOME. f\-
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $3.6ttf.»H 2«
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 62. CM 29
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans, aad
from all other sources 103. 00T 3S
Received for Rents 5.874 SO
Received for profit on Sal* of Led-
ger Ass«ts 8.M9 OT
Total Incon. $2.ST3,00fl 80
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $234,847 73. losses of
previous years) Jl.4ll.630 113
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Patd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerag -- I'lZZ" X2 *(a0 74
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 174.435 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ., •• V." ».W» •»
All other payments and expendl-
turts 177.3«3 00
Total Expenditures $2.503.539 60
Fir*.
Losses incnrred during th* year.. .$1.383.537 CO
Risks and Premium a. Fir* Risks. Pr* mlums.
Net amount oT Risks
yTar"? .'I™?..!*! ?2«.537.0C2 $3,242,820 33
Net amonnt of Risks
expired «^?f J^ 213>077>8 71 2.663.S44 «
y^ec*mb g er t 3i n i^?i «*«*« W.4H «
J. D BROWNE. Prest.
CHARLES R. BURT. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* me. this 34
day of January. 1903^ „ mAcm
Notary Publlo.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH.
Manager Pacific Department.
COLIN M. BOYD,
Agent for San Francisco,
z^p: 4ii California St.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers leave fc'an Fraa>
clsco as follows:
A£f_ *"or Ketchlkan. Juneau.
/Wyr^jltsUfr \vA Skasway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
ii xIbSSIl I I m - JuI y 10 - 1S - m ' 25 - 3IX
I \ \k£5s2J I .August 4. Change to com -
V^V \\ " tv/ P anv ' 8 steamers at Seattle.
Vafc^V^yy For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Eeattle, Ta-
*~ J *"*^ coma. Everett, W'liatcom — 11
a. m.. July 10, 15, 20, 23. 30, August 4. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at- Seattle for Tacoma. to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m ., July 9. 15. 21. 27. August 2; Corona,
1:30 p. m ., July 12, 18. 21. 30. August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo* Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— Santa
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rn.
State of Callfornla.Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey, San|Slmeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. July 8, 10. 94. August 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m. July 9.
For further Information obtain foirter.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
insr dates.
•fjQWT O~~TOF*5 — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
. :
O. R. & JV- CO.
"Columbia" «all« July 12. 22. Aug. L 11. 21.
31 "George "W". Elder" nails July 17, 27, Ausr.
6. 18, 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m 3. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. D«nt.. I
Montgomery *t. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. .
AMERICAN I.X2r_.
Haw York — Sontlia— pton — London.
Philada. July 15. 10 am] New Tor. Aug 5. 10 am
St Paul.July 22. 10 ami Philada. Aug. 12. 10 am
ATLANTIC TBAJTSPOBT U~£.
H«w York— London.
Mln'ha Jul. 11. «:30 ami Mln'tnka. July 25) 4 am
Mesaba..July IS. 9 am! Mlnn.Aug. 1. 11:30. am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMISTO" U2~5.
Boston — Queensto— n — Liverpool.
New England.... July 9 1 New England... Aug. 9
Mayflower ..-.July 1«J Mayflower Aug. 13
Commonwealth. July 30* Commonwealth. Aug. 27
Montreal— Liverpool — Short sea passas*
Canada 3u\y IS! Dominion Aug. 1
Kensington. ."¦ .July 25l Southwark Aug. S
Boston MEDITEBBAJIEAS S«rrlc«.
Azores, Gibraltar, XTaplts, Oanoa.
Vancouver Sat. July 19, Aug. 29. Oct. 10
Cambroman....Sat.. Aug. 8. Sept. 19. Oct. 31
HOLLAND AX28XCA Z~CB. \
Hew York — Rotterdam, rl» Boulogne.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Noordam July 13IPotsdam Aug. 5
Rotterdam ...July 20 Statendam Aug. 12
' BSD STAS LINE.
Hew Yori — Antwerp — Paris.
Zeeland. July 11. 10 *n>| Vadr'ld. July 25. 10 am
?lnland.July IS. 10 am" Krnland.Aug. 1. 10 am
WKITE STAS —UTS.
Hew York — Queeastorra . — Liverpool.
, Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic. .July 10. 6 am Victorian. July 21. « am-
Jermanlc.July 15. noon MaJestlc.Juty 22. noon
Cedric. July 17.10:30 am Celtic. July 24. 8 pm
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Ag*nt. Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
. _ .
ffamburg-Stmerican.
For PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
Twia-Ser«w Express ud Pustagar Serrisi. ,
F. Bismarck.... July 18 Moltke Aug. «
Patricia July IS Walderse* Aug. 3
Bluecher J^X 20 Palatla. .......Aug. 13,
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher An*. 20
HAXBraO-AXSBICAS LI9X. 37 B'vay. N. t.
HERZOQ A CO.. 401* California st.. Gen. Agts.
COXPAQini GENEHALK T&AH3ATLAHTI90]
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. —..from Pier 42. WaKE _?
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. gee.
scd-clas* to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED ITATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FX'GAZI A CO.. Pacific Ccasi
Agents. & 'Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
_ar» Islaad and yallelo Steam ays.
7 Steamer GEN. FRISB1E or MCNT1CELLO
—0:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. «z. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a- m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
7 a. m ., 12:30 noon. A p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m .. 4:15 p. m. Fare, fO cents. Tel-.
Main 1508. -Pier 2, Hlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEpAISHA"
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
-Steamers will leave wharf,' corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo)
Nagasaki .-• and Shanghai, and connecting a*
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on uay of aalllnr.
8. S. HONGKONG MARU "...
.Tuesday, July T. 1003
S. 8. NIPPON MARU.;.. Friday. July 31. 1903
8. 8. AMERICA MARU !^
..........: Wednesday. August 26.1903
Via Honolulu.- Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. - For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVER Y. General Agent.
AnA^lllA€ € HAWAII. UMOA, R»
oceanic s. s.i o. «--•_? ™»
SS. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. July 10, 11 a. m
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Ham oa. Auckland
and Sydney...... Thursday. July 16. 2 p. m
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July. 23. 11 a. ml
4JUPHEKE11 k BULK- Igts.. Ticbt0fl!ca,.43 BsmtS
|i#tl11ici32l Marbt St. Fkrh 7. ruib SI .-
rrnyoy.<i-!'— <-«nfi-w^d.
* Jt.W carpet* wow to ord«-r end for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. .Ilk. portieres; dealer- In
cartel twit*, in ii.ir.k or chain, at owest
ra-es. Gee Matthews. 7«a Filth st.. Oakland.
"DANCING Tuetd.y. Thursday. SaU^ay ,nd
Sunday evenlncs at TVutonia Hall Howara
«., near Ninth: management Prof Foster.
• E Vn8 I upIer U week a 'LEON*LEMOs!*il27 Mar-
ket sC between Seventh and Eighth^
AT lets than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
• nd trouspr*. st CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
TAlLOn-MAPE «m $7 50: dress panti $2 50.
M!*nt Cloihlng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
iuPEBFUTOUS hsdr and males removed by
electric needle. Dr. £Mra Traverse, 117«Markei.
•lIAtsQl'ERADE rrstumew. play books, wilts.
country ord«r». GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ALFP.EDUaFIF Egyptian Ihnm restores gray
fisir to Us natural cMor: ?1; at all druggists.
f-uperfluous hair 4 moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mlfs Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home,
rail or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary Ft.. S. F*. - Tn v
PAL^ISTaV.
MADAM DEVAS scientific palmist and astrol-
ogist; offices S34 Market St.; $1 palm ifad-
inps a specialty; booklet gratis. T. STAR
CHAMFERL1X. Manager.
• PAPERHAXCIXG. PAlWlSG. ETC.
• ROOMS rspered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Sd tt-: tel. Main 413
nooaxs fob housekeeping.
A NEW apartment house; furnished and as-
furnished room*; new management; elevator;
' hot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
AT MsyGower; cut rates now for summer. £03
Sd st.; I.'i up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
BUCHANAN. «04 — Two pleasant housekeeping
rocms; gas range; also alcove suite, complete.
CENTRAL ave.. t£I. near Haisht — 3 sunny un-
fu<"n rooms for housekeeping, inc. kitchen.
ELEVENTir lOti— 2 or 3 eunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping., •
KLL1S. HOI— Three nicely furnished, eunny
housekeeping rooms; bath; phone.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice large room for house-
keeping: also tingle rooms.
GUERRERO. 220 — Three eunny nicely furnish-
ed li'u*. ki • ping rooms; phone, bath and
pas range. _______
HERBERT (TBe) — 6unny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
r.lshed. 1S30 Polk st.
KEARNT. 104 — 3 unfurnished sunny rooms.
$20; no children.
LINDEN ave.. SS2— Two n:ce, sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; reasona t!e.
OAK. 117 — Sunny furnished suite*. J12 and |S;
gas range, hot bath, laundry; cingl* $5;
adults. , -
SACRAMENTO. 1323—1 furnished or 2 unfur-
nished front rooms; new flat. .
STOCKTON. 12<»« — M«del h-ius*; n*w furnlsh-
< i hou*ekerpin«r room*; $5 and $12.
St'TTER. 2»30 — Eunny furnished and unfu--
: -.th> .1 rooms; light housekeeping: use laun-
dry and bath; no children: rents $<S to $S mo.
VALENCIA. 1ST— Three large.- sunny rooms,
fi-rnished complete for housekeeping; separate
" entrance front ar.d back, with bath and gas;
m> small children; rent $22 60.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
f-ubsTtptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ItOOMS TO LET— Fum. and Vnfarn.
A—
GRAND ARMT OF THE REPUBLIC.
KNCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1SKJ3.
Th* Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions <if the Grand Army of the Republic
has axrarcg-rd
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Market st.. ccr. Turk and Market.
Rooms :t and 4.
To act with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private
- r*-sidences. boarding and rooming houses.
Mou«*lioidr>rs desiring to accommodate visft-
( ,rfc are r*-quefied to notify, without delay, the
City Rojm Renting Agency of such aeeon i-
•r.odatiOT'.s *s they have to offer. None but
thoroughly r«i*-ctable houses will be listed.
ar.<J the sarn«! will be subject to inspection by
a represfntative cf the Agency, and in all
tates must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will be fcssigsed thereto.
A A. — City Room Renting Agency.
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts.,
lioonis 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE - FREE
We locale you free of charge
in Koom s with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A^-HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET. 25'J OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERT
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY VP; SPECIAL
HATES BY THE MONTH.
A— # HOTEL GRAYSTONE. — —
06 GEAliY ST.. PHONE BUSH SSO. -
• . CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES.
WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
A— UHUNtsWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rocms
Sfte to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
" Firth rt.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1, tl 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house op«n all night.
.VXTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
mc-nts for hi:; c. . strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running *»t»r; references. 683 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 1304)— Fur-
bished rooms, suites, sincle; also furnished.
CLIFFORD — 2O4 EllU. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Elerantly furnished sunny rooms;
private; travelers solicited.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms M>c
to $1 M night; $2 to $8 week; readlng-rocm,
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 641 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished; rooms single •or en suite; $1 per
»tek un. __^ -
' HOWARD, 1076 — 3 rooms in rear house; $6.
JlYDn. 810. near Eutter — A large, furnished
room; rent J9.
MILLBRAE House. 359 O'Farrell— New man-
agement; 1st class. J. Collin. late cf Avandel.
MINNA. 514. npar Flxth — Nice front room; 1
suite tile for 2 gentlemen.
MIFSION. 142.1S— Furnished rooms with bath.
S 1 SO p*T wf-fk up.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 12a Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Icr; rooms per night. ~c to $1 M; week. $2
to $*; month. $8 to $U0; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR. 242 — Large, front, sunny room for 2
r..en or light housekeejifng; prix-ate family.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In ntw modern flat, with use of bath;
IS mj/iuteti from Third and Market sts.; north
side cf Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13, Call office.
TUPK. 41«. Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites A
single; latest impts; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. \'Zi Eddy st.. near Market
— 400 sir.gle and family rooms; 35c to $1
nlgfct; $175 to $«„ week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VALENCIA. J232— 2 sunny housekeeping rms.";
nicely furnished; g&s and bath.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Renovated; handsome
«unny furr,lehed suites front rms; mod. conv.
(WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near~Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
•~»c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
*i*c. lights: rea fi'.ng-room; free bus: baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 1096 Va-
l*ncia «t.
nOOMS AXD BOARD.
AMO 7 , T ? E 801 DEVISADERO BT.
Btrlctly flrst-cles« family hotel; runny rooms.
* or J^_E|_J>nil»rd«: steam heat.
VAN NESS 1714— Select private boardlng-
nuut*: roomf single or en suite; deslrabl* lo-
caTion; all conveniences of home.'
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. *C7 California et.— Attractive ln-
tertor; _exe-ptlonal table; free blllUrd-room.
1C20 GEARY— L*.rge sunny room: hot and
cold wattr; gentleman preferred.
SILVER. ft5— FumlFheil uunny rooms; suitable
for g»nti«-nan: txolitnt board; reasonable.
THE JOHNSON. COS O'Farrell St.— Sunny
mites and Uncle rooms, m-lth board: refs.
ROOMS AM> BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Furnii-hed bedroom; clean; one
Mock from cars; private family preferred;
. brc«,k!<tst on\y. AdJrees box 2595. Call office.
* BBBBBBBBBBBhBBBBBB9BBBBSBsMisBBBBBBBBnBBBsABS~BMBl
DIED.'/ ;¦¦"¦•.
Bognn, Charles * ' KIrby. 'Maria • - : ••"
Cochrane, William Laraen, Lorentz E.
.Col'eftton, Samuel H ...McHal'n. Catherine.
Dickinson, James K. . Markland. ) Mrs. May
Downing. Miriam" . .Mathegon. Murdoch/,
- • Klllsnn, Samuel - . O'.Brleri, 1 Augustine I.
•Krickson. Caroline ' Petersen, Lauritz
> .Fraeer, Janet Qulnlan, Peter B.
Frawlpy, Mrs.- Jo- Re. Ernesta
,- -"- hanna- -. Seligman.-Wm. Jr.*
Hamilton. Charles F. Wekerle, Emma
j Hanlon, John J. Woods, Bridget J.' «
' Holmes, James M.
EOGAN— In San Rafaeli July 8. 1903. Charles
I Bogan, beloved husband of Margaret Bogan,
, uncle of Sarah Bogan and Stella Turner,
i : Mrs. A. E. Turner, Mm. R. A. Chlsholm and
. Mrs. 'J. M.t Smith, and brother-in-law of J.
i A. Goodwin, Mrs. Elizabeth Mullery and C.
; Kerrins, a native of . Castlederg, County
Tyrone. Ireland, aged 74 years 2 months and
24 days. • " - - • . .
icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from his late' residence, .'North End
. Petaluma avenue, San Rafael, at'lO o'clock,
thence' to St. Raphael's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will b* celebrated
j for- the repose of his soul/commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
¦ tery. ¦, ¦¦ • v .
COCHRANE— In this city,' July 8. 1903. Wil-
liam Cochrane, beloved husband of " Ann
Cochrane. father of Sarah Cochrane and Mrs.
W. S. Welder, and brother of Sir Henry and
James Cochrane of Dublin. Ireland, a native
of Dublin, Ireland, aged 62 years.
CF/iei.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lora of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLESTON— In this city, July 8, 1903. Samuel
H., beloved husband of Sarah Coleston, and
father of Mrs. E. J. Field and William J..
Sadie. Annie. Henry and Lizzie Coleston, a
native of St. John, N. B., aged 60 years.
ETNotlco of funeral hereafter. .
DICKINSON— In Oakland, July 4. 1903, James
K. Dickinson, beloved husband of Mrs. J.
K. ' Dickinson, a native of Ohio, aged 44
- years. A m«mber of Acacia Lodge No. 22,
F. and A. M., and Court Bournemouth. A.
O. K.
ICTFrlends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
July 9, 11)03,. from the parlors of The Howe
Undertaking Company. ¦ 1676 Grove street,
corner Twenty-second. Cremation Oakland
Crematory.
DOWNING— In this city. July 8. 1903, Miriam,
beloved widow of the late Dr. J. L. Downing,
mother ot Emily and the late Lewis Cass
Downing, and grandmother of Cass B. Down-
ing, a native of Howard County, Mo., aged
73 years.
(CTNotlee of funeral hereafter. •
ELLISON— In this city. July 7, 1903, Samuel,
belcved husband of the late Jennie D. Elll-
Eon, and father of Jeannette E. Ellison, a
native of Norway, aged 71 years and 21
days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., llKW
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth.
EHICKSON— In this city, July 7, 1003, Caro-
line, bPloved wife of A. F. Erickson, mother
of Amy, Fred and Robert Erickson, and eis-
ter of O. G. and C. E. Carlson, Mrs. Emma
Wlntersen, Mrs. S. Turnblad, Mrs. H. John-
son and the- late Amanda CUstead, a native
of Sweden, aged 46 years 8 months and 14
days.
(C7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 94tf Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel HIM Cemetery. Remains at 872
Greenwich street.
FRASER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 7. 11)03. Janet Frasfr, a native of Africa,
aged 60 years.
FRAWLEY— In this city, July 8, 1903. Mrs.
Johanna, beloved wife of the late, Patrick
I Frawley. mother of John Frawley, and sister
i of the late Thomas McCarthy and Mrs. Mary
O'Connor, a native cf Tralce, County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 70 years.
tr7"l'rienris and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:.".O o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness averfue, thence
to Sacred Hpart Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAMILTON— In Camp Plstolesl. July 6, 1903,
/Charles Frederick Hamilton, husband of May
F. Hamilton, and father of Beryl and Charles
Raymond, aged 30 years.
K_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at U o'clock, from his late resi-
dence lit Sausalito, thence by Sausallto boat
to San Francisco, thenee by 11 o'clock creek
boat to Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, under the auspices of Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers, Division No. 28J.
HANLON— In this city, Julv 6, 1003, John J.,
beluved son of John and Ellen Hanlon, and
brother of W. J. Hanlon of Stockton, Cal..
Phillip N.. Robert D. and Katie Hanlon,
Mrs. Mary Greany, Mrs. C. D. .Boehm and
the late Edward "S. and Henry P. Hanlon, a
native of Calaveras County. California., „.•'
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 001 Seventh street, corner of Bran-
nan, thence to St. Rose's Church/ where a
bolemn requiem hlajh mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his. soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • ¦ ' ¦
HOLMES — In Los, Angeles. July 8. 1903, James
M. Holmes, beloved husband of Elizabeth A.
Holmes, and brother of John R. Holmes, a
native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 10
months and 20 days.
KIRBY— In Alameda, July 8, 1903, .Maria
KIrby, dearly beloved wife of Rev. John
KIrby. a native of Colne, England, aged 85
yeare 6 months and 21 days.
C.^Frlends and acquaintances are rcspecl-
" fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. July 10, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, 1532 Willow street. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
LARSEN— In this city, July 6, 1003. Lorentz
E. Larsen, a native of Denmark, aged .43
years 6 months and 25 days.
|£?'Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Carpenters' Union No. 483 are re-
spectfully Invited to. attend the funeral to-
day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of Halsted & Co.. 040 Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McRAITH— In this city. July 8, 1903, at the
residence, 1812V4 Post street. Catherine, be-
loved ' wife of the late John D. McRaith.
mother of Sister Mary Perboyre and Hanna
V. McRaith. Mrs. W. H. Barry and' the late
Jh::i"9 McRaith, and sister of Richard and
James Gahagan, a native of the parish of
Buttevant. County Cork, , Ireland.
MAUKLAND — In Nome, December 2, 1902,
Mrs. May Markland, beloved daughter of
Mrs. H. I. Patrick, and sister of the late
Mrs. Dorothea Markland and Otto, Percy and
Birdie Hill of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
(CyFrienaa.and acquaintances are retpect-
fuly Invited \o attend tho funeral services
Thursday, July 9, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
¦ -taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . i^j£
MATHESON— In this city. July 8, J9037 Mur-
doch Duncan Matheson, beloved husband of
Fanny L. Matheson, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged <!7 years.
(ET'The funeral will take plac« to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 470 Frederick street. Interment 'pri-
vate.
O'BRIEN— rn this city. July 8, 1903, Augustine
Ignatius O'Brien, beloved son of Margaret
and Thomas W. O'Brien, brother of Agnes,
Grace, Amelia, William. George and Sylves-
ter O'Brien, Mrs. A. Cooper and the late
Thomas M. O'Brien, and nephew of Thomas
O'Brien, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Thomas
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years.
PETERSEN— In this city, July 8, 1903, Lauritz
Petersen, beloved husband of Marie Petersen,
father of James Petersen, and brother of J.
C. Petersen, a native of Denmark, aged 37
years." . I .
QUINLAN— In New York, July 7. 1903, Peter
B. Qulnlan, beloved father of William 8.
Qulnlan, Mrs. May Watson and Mrs. Charles
Burrowes Delaney, a native of County Lim-
erick, Ireland.
ICrNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RE— In the City and County Hospital, July 7,
1903, Ernesta Re, a native of Italy, aged 38
years.
SELIGMAN— In this I city. July 8, 1903, Wil-
liam Jr.. beloved son of -William and Dora
Sellgman, and loving brother of Alfred anC
Florence Sellgman, a native of San Fran-
claco. aged 15 years 7 months and 18 days.
Ey Friends and. acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Friday). July 10, at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
¦ O, O. F. Cemetery. |
WEKERLE— In this city. July 8, 1903, Emma
Wckerlo, a native of Germany, aged 39 years
1 month and 6 days.
WOOD8— In this city. July 8, 1903. Bridget J..
beloved wife of Daniel Woods, and loving
mother^of Mrs. J. Winterbothom, a native
of County Leltrim, Ireland, aged 44 years.
tCT Frit nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8502. Sixteenth street, - thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church. : where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 O'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery- . .
(^ NEAREST THE CITY 1
| OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. - j
James McGinn. -•- Henry Hansen.' I
. JAMES McGINN & CO.; -• I
¦ .Formerly .With McGinn Bros., 1
-i— Funeral' Directors- ana nmbalmers-^— I
,214 Eddy. St.; Tel.. South 67«. ; I
F. J. Monahan/.. President.
iYiONAHAN & CO.;
',U~. ¦/¦ ¦'¦¦:¦'... (Inc.) ¦ -¦ ¦ ¦ •• \^ : ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
23S9-2311 Mission Bt. ; Telephone Mission 31.
HEAL. * ESTATE— CITY- — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE tfTcoTT"
tKS MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION! <:
AUCTION! •
TUESDAY July 14. 1903
At our salesroom. 03S Market St..
At 12 o'clock (noon.)
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Westerly line of 7th St.. betwe-n Howard
and Kolsom. Ncs. 27«. 278, 2S0:> Improve-
ments consist of a 3-story frame building
containing a store with 3 excellent living
rooms; 2 flats above containing 5 sr.a 6 rooms
and bath; all modern plumbing; renting for
$70 per month; should be increased to $90;
lot 25xS5 f>et. /
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Pacific *t.. east of Leav-
enworth; improvements conslit cf 2 flats
of 5-6 rooms and rear bouse of 4-5 rooms:
modern In every respect; total rental $900
per annum; lot 23x137:6 feet.
FIRST-STHEET INVESTMENT.
Northeast line of First St., CS:10 feet
northwest of Foltom; extremely '.urge lot.
4.%:<5xt>S:9 feet; improvements consist or 2
fiats of S rooms and a cottage of 5 rooms,
renting for $46 per month.
BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of Merrltt et.rtS feet went
of Hattie; an excellent lot ready for building
. in thriving neighborhood; lot 25x80 feet.
' MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Castro st.. 105 feet south
; of Henry, between 14th and 15th; ready for
; building. r
: SIXTEENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of 16th St., 21-9 leet west of
Albion ave.; improvements consist of 2 two-
*tory frame houses of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $600 per annum.
TWENTIETH-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
S. W. corner 20th and Alabama st«.; lm-
; rrovem«>^l» : excellent corner suitable for
! business purposes; lot 25x104 feet; street b!-
] tumlnlzed.
SEVENTW-STREET INVESTMENT.
N. E. corner of 7th and Cleveland sts., b«t.
Folsom and Harrison; very desirable busi-
ness corner; Improvements consist of 3-story
frame building on 7th st. and 2 flats en
Cleveland ;. property always rented at $1200
per annum.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
i West line of Homestead st.. 200 fe»t north
i of 25th; elegant double lot, level and ready
for building, surrounded by new an-1 mod-
ern houses; public school In close proximity;
let 50x125 feet.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S .Market st.
! $l.V>0—2 NEW flats of 4 and C R. and B.;
Army tl.. near Mission; bal. $40 per month;
a snap.
I18OO—2 n«w flats of R and 6 R. and B. on
Mission St., near 29th; bal. $54 per month.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission St.
FOR BALE — Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
no grading necessary; a fln» location for a
tome: close to Mission i electric car: corner
Brazil ave. and Munich st.; will sell one or
all. Address A. G. CLARK, care of Call
business office.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
NY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy you
a lot and build you a nous?; small cash pay-
ment: SS per month pays principal and in-
terest on each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houses Just started neer th«
Psrk on Carl. Cole. Shrader&Parnassus ave. ;
plans terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl st.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
tt. for sale on easy payments: one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
FOn sale — N.W. cor. IKth and Folsom: BOxlOO
on ISth. with improvement*. 2138 Folsom st. !
CHEAFEST ana best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Vnited States or Cansda one year for $1.
_— _— i _—_—_————————-————- ¦—————¦ — — — — «— i — — — i
REAL ESTATE-— Country— For Sale. I
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vlnevards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. |
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded bv flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x123.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
4-ROOM cottage; lot 50x135— $1600.
6 rooms and bath; sunny and modern; rent,
furnished— $40. j
7 rooms and bath; lot 60x100; H block to
cars — $2500.
7 rooms: new; ctreet work done; near In —
13750.
Large lot, 124x179; 2 blocks to Ehattuck ave.
and Berkeley station— $1000.
Sunny corner near Dwight way, 45x135—
$1250.
10 rocms and bath; sightly place; new home;
$5bC0.
Lot 40x125; near station and cars— $3250.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
SAVE CENTi
and learn sense by being your own landlord.
A new 5-room cottage with all modern lm-
pro\-ements, convenient to station and street
cars; price S25U0; email caeh payment, balance
same as rent. V. . •
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
" HOW ABOUT THIS?
A new 5-room cottage, bath, patent . toilet,
stationary tubs; in good locality; price $1600;
email cash payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
HIS LOSS YOUR GAIN.
Party leaving town wishes to dispose of new
7-room house, strictly up to date, in good lo-
cality; this Is a snap; price $2550; small cash
payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
$800 — A BERKELEY chicken ranch^3-room
house; chicken houses, stable, wagon
sheds; lot 90x125. fenced; Vi block from
cars; can sell on terms.
$1000 — Handsome well built 5-room house;
hard finished, bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
ished basement; nice lot; small barn;
close to cars; $300 cash, balance $14 per
month. W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station, or
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby Station.
FOR lease — Beautiful new 10-room house; plate
windows; lovely hill and marine views; gas;
electricity: best neighborhood. 2433 W'arrlng.
Alex. Murdock A Co., Lorln station. Berkeley —
Keal estate brokers, owners, builders, etc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
0F3TCE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$950 CASH. $15 monthly — 4-room, neat cottage,
pantry closets, outbuildings and 1-room
cottage; lovely arbor overspread with fruit
trees of various kinds, all in full bearing;
own water supply piped over ground*;
shrubbery and flowers In abundance; 8 lots,
100x200; sandy loam soil, all fenced; this
Is an Ideal home; not far from good school,
electric cars and church; away from fogs
and cold winds; price in all, $1850. Call or
tend for circular. 455 Seventh stV opp.
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$110 to $300 down: 2-story, comfortable house
of 6 rooms, bath, gas and modern conven-
iences: newly painted and papered; lot 50x
150 (note the size); barn and well; one
block from Telegraph ave.; easy monthly
payments; liberal discount will be allowed
for all cash over present mortgage of $1000.
UAKLAMI FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good ani cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st.. Oakland.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELlA-Of flea and residenc*.
1021% Market st.f bet. Blxth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WONG* HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pa rt four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary St.. • near Leavenwarth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. 1A Ps>
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use ot h*rb» and teas. 727 Washington si.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR BALL, 1073K Market st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
»ates cur»d by Chinese herbs. 74ft-« Clay st.
SEWI JiO • MACHIXES AXP SUPPLIES
$15 CO drop- head oak. guaranteed; second-hand.'
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 033 Mkt.
St.. bet. 5th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch, 285 Geary st. ; phone Main . 730.
| SPECIAL NOTICES. -_
j NOTICE— The secretary "or the San Francisco
. Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
! gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been admit-
ted to the asylum on Halght and Laguna,
sts., from Jan. 1 1903 to July 1. 1803:.
Mabel G. Clark. 8 > yrs.. 'and 10 mos.; Dora
¦M. Campbell. 9 yrs. ; Martha Brown. 9 yrs..
4 mos.: Annie Brown 7 yrs. 1 mo.: Christina
Chrlstlanaon. 15 'yrs. ; Lulu A Deahl 3 yrs.:,
Louiee Mohr, 7 yrs.; Alice E Whightman. 11
yrs.; Annie Goa*sel. 7 yrs. ; 'Martha Goassel.
5 yrs.; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos.; Frank
O. Clark, fi yrs. 2 mos.; Joseph A. Keenan. 3
yrs. 3 mos.; James Keenan, 2 yrs.; Herman
i Mohr. 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Albert William Whlght- ;
J man. 7 yrs.; Albert Caldwell. 2 yrs. 1 mo. ;:
I Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.; Frederick Goas- 1
eel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenlcke. 8 yrs.-
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
; admitted Into the orphanage from January 1.
j 190.°;. to June 30. ltMtt. the following named
! orphans and half orphans, boys and girl*,
viz: Incuts Levin, aged 7 years; Irene Weil,
aged 9 years 3 months; Helen Well, aged 8
years 2 months: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
years; Harry Bernstein, aged 10 yeare «
months: Edna Well, aged 6 years 6 months;
Sadie Markowltz. aged 9 years 5 months;-
Louis Robert Cousins, aged 10 years 3 1
months; Matilda Stone, aged 8 years 8
months; Ipador Klein, aged 8 years: Solomon
Klein, aged 6 years 7 months: Ida Miller,
aged 10 years 9 months; Rose Miller, aged 6
years; Lawrfnee Maurice Beck, aged 5 years;
Rose Elver, aged 4 years 11 months.
NOTICE is hereby given that' the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake «t.. San Francisco,
has received the following orphans, half
; orphans and abandoned girls from January
| Ibt to June 30th. 1903: Charlotte F. Reeves.
', aged 11 years; Edith Mackey Johnson. 9
years; Dorothy Campbell, ft years; Laura Dais
Ach. 10 years; Irene Jones. 13 years: Maria
Grunn. 6 years; Violet E. Golledge. 13
years; Margaret A. Golledze. H years; Mat-
tie E Goode 11 years; Hazel O. Goode, 0
yean; G»org'le Davis. 2 year*; Maud H.
Brown 10 years: EUle H. Brown. 9 years;
; Ida M. Brown. 6 yeart; Mary Jane Forsats,
18 months.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1, 1902, to Jan^ 1. (
JftO3: Raymond Welch, age 6*4 years; Ruby'
Welch, an* 4% years; Eileen McGlveny. age
4 years: Esther Fraser, ace 4 years.
SAN FRANcTscbTJuly 6.— The business here-
tofore owned by BEIDERMAN BROS.,
known as "Pacific Heights Bakery," 2225
Fillmore St.. has been sold to H. Kaliseher.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter at.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
STORAGI3 AMI WAREHoL'bDS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage^ & Van Co.; Furniture,
household goods ttored.' moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PJKRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell st*. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12tt.
GOLDEN Weet Storage; advances made; <8W
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
psny. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWniTERS AXD^ SUPPLIES^ !
GREAT BARGaTn¥ IN~TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, G-SO California; telephone Main 208.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gpmery st. :
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inrpec. Co., 209 Sansome.
FOR sale cheap— One Smith Premier type-
wrlter. IS Grove st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~~
DIVIDEND NOTICE^The* 'piToenix^Sa^Mnge.
Building and Loan Association, No. Ms i*ali-
• fornla st., San Francisco, Call, has declared
semi-annual dividends to June'30, 1903, pay-
able July 20. 190% at the following rates, to
wit : On installment certificates, 1) per cent
per annum; time deposits, <i per cent per an- .
num; savings accounts (withdrawable at any
i time), 4V-i per cent per annum. A. A. Wat-
j kins, president: C. R. Bishop, vice president;
S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer; C. Grange,
managing director.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held July 7. 100:i, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 'M. 1003, at the
rate of 7 per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 15th list. Transfer books will
! be closed from the 10th to the 15th Inst.,
¦ both days Inclusive. San Francisco, July 7,
11*03. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDKND NOTICE— French Savings Bank,
315 Montgomery st. For the half year end-
Ing June 30, 1903. a dividend has been de-
clared at the sate of three and one-eighth
(3H) per cent per annum on all deposits
free of taxes; payable on and after Wednes-
day. July 1. 1903. CHARLES CARPY, Prea-
ldent; LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 65, of Fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
etock of the Company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the Company, rooms 202.
204, 2C« Hayward Bldg.. San Francisco, on
July 10th, 1903. Transfer books close July
3rd, at noon. C. C QUINN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at Its office, room 13. 320
Sansome St.. San. Francisco, up to 3:30
o'clock p. m. of MONDAY. JULY 13. 1903,
and opened Immediately thereafter in the
presence cf bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering the following machinery, etc. for the
new power house at the Veterans Home,
Kara County. Cal. (railroad station Yount-
ville). viz:
Engines, pulleys and shafting, switchboard,
belts, pumps, laundry machinery, bathtubs,
one swing engine bed lathe, one drill press,
one grinding machine for machine shop, two
horizontal boilers. >
Specifications for above may be seen and
examined at the office of the Board or Di-
rector* between the hours of 9 a. m. and
B p. m. each week day. Bidders should state
what they will allow for boilers and engines
to be taken in exchange (said boilers and
engines being now In use at the Veterans'
Home). Money for payment on contracts will
be available Immediately after January 1,
1904. .
If in the oDlnlon of said Board of Direct-
ors of the said Veterans' Home th« accept-
ance of the lowest of said sealed bids- or
proposals shall net be for the best interests
of the State eald Board of Directors hereby
reserves the right to accept any of said bids
or proposals opened, as in their opinion may
be for the best Interests of the State, or to
reject any or all of raid sealed bids or pro-
posals. For further Information and particu-
lars bidders are hereby referred to the -Sec-
retary of the Board of Directors of said Vet-
erans' Home at the office of said Board of
Directors as hereinbefore set forth. By or-
der of the Board of Directors of the Veter-
ans' Home of California. JOHN F. SHEE-
HAN. Secretary. i___________^
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ' .
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yeaterday:
Howard J. Shelly, 37, 2983 Twenty-first
street, and Mary Taverner, 35, 2983 Twenty-
first street. '
William H. Moore, 22, 1130X; Howard street,
and Alyce E. K. Lewis. 18, 253 Miselsslppi st.
Orson K. Doane, 32, 1318 Grove street, and
Mollie M. De Vrles, 20. 841 Pine street;
Ernest J. Kelly. 34, HoIItster. Cal.; and
Norine P. Schneider. 20, 941 Van Ness avenue.
James A. Dinlnene. 23. 622 Folsom street,
and Katherine Collins, 22, f>9% Tehama street.
John H. von Ahnden. Jr., 28. S38 Polk street,
and Martha L. M. Degener, 23,' Eddy and La-
guna streets.
Donald W. Ross, 35. 1918 Sutter. street, and
Jessie H. Slocombe, 25, 2319 'Jones street.
Arthur, Markley, 20, 24 Whitney street, and
Harrlette P. Price, 18. 430 Twenty-ninth st.
Oswald Zlmmermann. 25, 441 Geary ¦¦ street,
and Caroline H. Rogge, 25. 16O9V4 California.
Elmer Weetlake. 24,1.820 Bush street, and
Floiiesa Mero, 21, city.j
Ly One, 34, 716 Washington ctreet, and Ho
Lin Tai, 26. 71(5 Washington street.
EIRTHS-MAR8IAGES-DEATHS, ¦
Birth, marrlare and death : notices -sent* by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of tho publication offices and be
indorsed with the name'and residence 'of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
LEHRKE— In this city. June . 28, 1903, to. the
wife of Albert W. . Lehrke, aeon. / ,
NEUMILLER— In this city, July . 1, 1903, to
.the wife of George . A. .Neumlller.' a son. .
X MARRIED. — —
BENNETT— KUSTEL— In this city, July 7,
1903, by the Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of
. Howard-street Methodist Church. Edwin* j;
- Bennett and Annie C. Kustel, .. both of this
city. . ' }¦ -¦.-.¦". ¦,.•;>.
HANSON— COLLDEWEIH— In this city." July
7, 1903. by the. Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Harry
L. Hanson ¦ of • Alameda, Cal., and Emily A."
Colldeweihof Llvermore. Cal. •.
8CHUERER— BLUMENBERG— In this X city,
July 2, 1903, by the Rev. -Herman Gehrcke,
G. Oscar Schuerer and Wilhelmlne Elumen-
berjr, .both of this city.CASSELA. Prussia. July 8.— Adolf Schmidt,
prrsldent of the bankrupt Trcbor Trocknune
« train drying company), was found guilty -of
fraudulent bankruptcy and was sentenced, to
thirty-two months' penal servitude and to pay
a fine of $750. - . . ¦
McGriskin Held.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock held E. J. McGriskin, alias John
Doe -Shields, to answer yesterday for
having: forged the name of L. Patterson
to a postal order for - $100. Bonds were
fixed at $2000. " v . ', '.. .
Sudden Death of Teamster.
Having been afflicted for years with an
incurable disease of the heart, William
Sellgman, 15 years of "age. died on the
seat of an ice wagon at 11:15 o'clock yes
terday forenoon. The boy was driving
the wagon for his mother, who resides at
1741 Twelfth avenue South, and when he
brought, his horse to a stop opposite 100
Mississippi' street the lines slipped from
his hands and he lay back upon the seat
dead.
. , ¦ _ ¦ • • . —
Mrs Mills of Mills College says the booklets
. we mado are best. My scll-Rolllns, S3 Cloy. *
Emergency Hospital Patients.
Chief Surgeon Edwin Bunnell of the
Emergency Hospital ' service , has com
piled his annual report of the number of
urgent cases treated by himself and .his
nine assistants during, the twelve months
ending June 30, which is as follows:
At the Central. Emergency Hospital,
6229; at the Harbor Hospital, 4546; at the
Park Hospital. 580; held in the detention
hospital for the insane, 669. Total, 11,937.
A eain of 1017 over last year.
Dr. Bunnell visited the .Potrero yester
day with the view of establishing a branch
hospital. No suitable site .was found.
Mrs. Levy Makes Many Bequests.
The will of the late Mrs. Rosa Levy
was filed for probate yesterday. She left
I2S00 to be devoted to charity, without
distinction of race or creed. She be
queathed $500 to Lehman Netter and $5000
to Jacques Levy, son of her brother,
Lehman Levy. She- left $5000 to. each of
the children of her deceased brother,
Lasar Levy. All the rest and residue of
her property is left to her husband, Louis
A. Levy, and in the event of his death it
Is to revert to her daughter Carrie
Mlchels. The latter will receive $300 a
month out of funds In the hands of trus
tees. : ;'V> : --;
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Take a camera when you go for a va
cation or on a picnic. You will never for
get the trip if you have good plates and
Kood films. All photographic supplies of
the best at Sanborn, Valt & Co.'s, 741
Market street. •
THIHTY-NINTH DISTRICT
ORGANIZES ITS CLUB
Last of Republican League Asso
ciations Is Made Com
plete.
" The United Republican League complet
ed its organization of district ; clubs
throughout the city by the formal; or
ganization of the- Thirty-ninth Assembly
District Club in the Richmond' tract Uast
night. An enthusiastic gathering of over
200 party workers assembled In Richmond
Hall at the corner of Fourth avenue and
Clement street, adopted the constitution
of the league and elected their- club of
ficers. ... „
By acclamation the following were chos
en to conduct the affairs of the local or
ganization: President, Hon. R. H. Coun
tryman; vice presidents, J. D. Bluxome,
T. F. Atkinson, J. M. • Wilkinson; secre
tary, Frank W. Altkln; treasurer, Craw
ford Douglas; sergeant at arms, J. Reb
stock; committeeman to central organiza
tion, H. J. Hutaff; vice president to ad
visory council, Edward H. Brown.'
President Countryman appointed the
following an executive committee of the
club: W. H. Mitchell, J. T. Williams, G.
A. Blank. James O'Rourke, John Martln,>
R. A. Sarle, James Magoonls, Dr. E. R.
Bryant, J. B. Whitney, J. Sykes, Mark
Weiss, Fred Hancock.'J. McGlynn.
After listening to speeches /from Henry
Ach, John Lynch . and the newly elected
officers of the club, the, meeting adjourned
to meet on every first Monday of the
month. *
Optimo Cigar.
The Optimo continues to be the leading
clear Havana cigar; best of the best. •
Maritime Complaints Dismissed.
United States Local Inspectors Cap
tains O. F. Bollcs and John K. Bulger
dismissed two cases yesterday that they
had Investigated. In both cases the damage
done was slight and the testimony was so
conflicting that the Inspectors found It
impossible to decide between the parties.
The first matter was the collision of the
United States steamer Alexander, of
which Captain P. N. Stofen is master,
and the steamer St. Helena, Captain E.
S. Lee master. The collision occurred in
San Francisco Bay, near Vallejo-street
wharf, on June 5. and both captains filed
•charges. The other case was the colli
sion between the steamer Noyo and the
tug Amalie in the bay on March 2S. '
California Sun, Wind and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness. Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye Diseases, soothes Eye Pain; aids
th-ose wearing glasses; doesn't smart-
Ladies' favorite toilet requisite. 50c, drug
gists and oiiticlans. •
DEMAND POSSESSION
OF THEIR LITTLE BOY
Richard Randhahn and His Wife Se
cure Writ of Habeas Corpus
From Judge Murasky.
Richard Randhahn and his wife took
legal steps yesterday to regain posses
sion of their child, Richard Jr., who is
withheld from them by Christopher Ml
chaelis and wife, who live at 535 Arkan
sas street.
In a petition for a writ of habeas corpus
presented to Judge Murasky yesterday
the parents state they left the child with
the Michaelis family last May and since
then have not been allowed to see their
offspring. They say they have been un
able to cain admittance to the house and
are greatly grieved.
Judge Murasky signed an order setting
to-morrow for the hearing. Mrs. Michaelis
must brine the child to court and the
Judge will decide who is entitled to its
possession.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB HEARS
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES
Twelve - Story Structure to Cost
$160,000 Is Suggested for
the New Home.
A meeting of the general committee of
the Union League Club in connection
with Its proposed new building was held
in the club rooms yesterday afternoon,
Judge C. H. Garoutte in the chair.
The committee on sites reported that
it had selected the site on the corner of
Stockton street and Union Square avenue.
This would give a frontage of 44 feet on
Stockton street and 70 on Union Square
avenue. The building committee suggest
ed that the proposed building should be
twelve stories, class A, the cost to be
about $100,000.
In the matter of meetins: the cost the
finance committee suggested that $150,000
be raised by subscription,- the balance to
be covered by mortgage. It was then de
cided that a subcommittee approach
some of the prominent members of the
club and party and report to the general
committee, which will assemble at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon.
Those present at the meeting were
Judge C. H. Garoutte. F. VS. Marston,
George D. Clark, George H. Pippy, D. S.
Dorn. Wendell Easton, F. H. Burke, Ja
cob H. Neff. H. P. Sonntag. P. F. Fergu
son, Joseph Seeley, I. W. Hellman Jr.,
Dr. W. F. McNutt, E. J. Smith, T. R.
Turner, Dr. Winslow Anderson, C. A. Har
mon. John Barneson, F. A. Vail and F.
H. Cory.
vestigation made by the authorities tends
to prove thatf the fire started in the base
ment and was caused by defective In
sulation of electric wires. The flames
must have gained great headway and
eaten through the ground floor before be
ing discovered and an alarm turned in.
The inflammable nature of the stock and
the frail building increased the fury and
the firemen who responded to the first
alarm found themselves helpless. It was
not until two additional alarms had been
sounded and the water tower, fed by
streams from six engines, had been placed
on the scene that the blaze was subdued
and pronounced under control. The total
loss will figure about $125,000. This in
cludes damages to the building, which is
the property of Mrs. Jerome A. Hart and
which is insured for $40,000. Studebaker
Bros.' Company Is also well protected by
Insurance.
During the progress of the blaze three
firemen suffered Injury. James B. Miri
lgan, • driver of chemical engine No. 1.
had his right hand bitten by a vicious
horse. A. Bott, residing at 1 Hampton
place, had his .. back sprained by falling
from a ladder. Thomas Cassidy of engine
29, located at Brannan and Eleventh
streets, sustained a serious injury by fall
ing from the tower in the engine-house
while hanging wet hose up on the tower
loft. All three men were treated at the
Centra^ Emergency Hospital by Dr. W.
P. Harvey, afteT which they were re
moved to their homes.
WASHINGTON. July 8.— David F. Wilber
of New York has been appointed- United States
Consul, at' Barbadoes. West Indies.
THE recently appointed State
Board of Bank Commissioners met
yesterday afternoon and elected
J. Cal Ewing secretary. The vote
was unanimous. This means that
harmony is restored and that none of the
funds allowed the.board will go to waste.
The commission • has been, deluged for
several days with applications for. the
secretaryship, which is worth $200 a
month.' ' . .
It is known that Ewing expected to pet
an appointment to the commission. Ho
worked hard for the election of Governor
Pardee and has been awaiting a comfort
able berth. When it became known that
he would not be made a member of f He
board it was generally supposed that he
would get the secretaryship. The new
commissioners declared that the secre
tary must devote the whole of his time
to the work, but Ewing has other matters
that demand his attention, so there was
some uncertainty regarding his accept
ance.
It Is asserted by those who ought to
know that the baseball magnate has dis
covered that he can take the Job and In
cidentally the salary attached thereto.
Bank Commissioner Dun3moor said yeB
terday:. "Mr. Ewing has been appointed
secretary on the understanding, so far
as the board. is concerned, that he -wtil
devote "as ; much of^his time' to the work
as is the custom." i'
The board* yesterday issued a a license
for the establishment of the Mission
Bank In this city. The new institution is
capitalized at $200,000, which is fully sub
scribed and half of which is already paid
in. The bank will do a commercial busi
ness exclusively. Its doors will open on
the morning of July 15.
James Ralph has been elected presi
dent; F. - B. Anderson, vice president;
James Allen, secretary, and Stuart
Smith, cashier. The directors are W. H.
Crlm, E. W. Hopkins, F. B. Anderson,
G. Centee, A. M. Storey, William Bab
cock and James Ralph.
The bank will be located on the corner
of Sixteenth street- and Julian avenue.
NEWLY APPOINTED - SECRE
TARY. OF THE BOARD OF
BANK COMMISSIONERS.
When the arbitration proceedings be
tween the Carmen's Union and the United
Railroads opened yesterday morning E.
J. Livernash announced that temporarily
he would pass to a new branch of • the
case, "namely, demand four, which Is
that the men are entitled to share with
their employer in his business prosper
ity." Livernash's efforts on these lines
were a failure. Assessor Washington
Dodge, who was first called to help out
in this effort, sought to show how he
had raised the assessment on the cor
poration, and Secretary G. B. Willcutt of
the United Railroads, under the advice
of Attorney Moore, refused to answer
any questions relative to the cost, oper
ating expenses or value of the company's
properties.
When the case opened in the morning
Livernash made the following statement:
Because Mr. Chapman has not produced cer
tain promised statistics bearing on the earn
ings of extra men and the hours of labor of
regular men engaged In platform work for
the United Railroads. I shall temporarily pass
to a new branch of the case for the Carmen's
Union.
It is my design now to offer certain evidence
In support of the fourth reason assigned by the
union for asking an Increase In the wages
of its members In the employ of the United
Railroads. That reason has been set forth
in the union's opening pleading, as follows:
MEN'S DEMANDS.
"IV.— The wealth produced Jointly by the
capital and ability of said corporation and tbe
labor and ability of Its workmen Is so grefct
that the proposed Increase can be made and
yet leave the corporation an undue share of
such Jointly produced wealth.'.'
I desire first to enter upon proofs as to the
amount of capital the corporation has em
barked In the enterprise with which this ar
bitration is concerned, and as the union's first
witness in this connection I now call to the
stand Dr. Washington Dodge, the Assessor
of the city and county of San Francisco.
When Livernash had finished his re
marks Attorney Moore was on his feet
In a moment with the most persistent ob
jections. He said: "This will in no degree
aid the arbitrators in determining the
questions presented for their considera
tion, but will rather tend to confuse the
Issues and add a false element to the de
liberations of the board."
Assessor Dodge was then called. He
testified that Secretary G. B. Willcutt
sent in a statement for 1902 valuing the
property of the Market Street Railway
Company at $863,512. The Assessor, how
ever, had valued the Sutro, Sutter and
San Mateo lines, cash in hand and equip
ment of the United Railroads at $4,000,000,
and added $18,000,000 for the franchises.
Secretary Willcutt was then called to
the stand and was asked a few questions
relative to the United Railroads. He was
on the point of answering the question
about the cost of Iron and wooden poles
when he was instructed by Attorney
Moore not to answer further.
BEFUSES TO ANSWER.
"I don't know your reason for asking
this question, Mr. Livernash," Mr. Moore
said, "but If it is to support your demand
about the men sharing in the profits with
the company I must instruct Mr. Will
cutt not to answer any questions relative
to the subject."
"Yes, we are now on the fourth de
mand of the carmen," replied Livernash,
"and we are not trying to share in the
profits of the company: If we were the
men certainly would earn $4 or $5 a day.
All the carmen want Is a fair day's pay."
"The United Railroads pays and will
always be. willing to pay all Its employes
fair wages," Moore replied. "Whether the
company is making lots of money or is In
the hands of a receiver has nothing to do
with the carmen. We maintain that if
the company were in the hands of a re
ceiver the men are still entitled to and
should earn just the same wages as " If
the company was prosperous. I shall in
struct all the officials of' the-company.to
refuse to furnish any books on any sub
ject bearing on whether the company Is
wealthy or poverty stricken, or bearing 1
upon any question on the value of the
company's property."
NOT ANARCHISTS.
To this Livernash replied: "I'wish to di
rect the attention of the arbitrators to
what Is or what is not a fair day's pay.
This is the subject of arbitration. The
matter is not to be settled by the officials
of the company. The statement that we
wish to share In the profits of the com
pany is misleading. The carmen I repre
sent claim they are not receiving a fair
day's pay for a fair day's work. The
money that they are earning now is prac
tically less than what they earned prior
to the strike, owing to the increased price
In the cost of living. There are no so
cialistic or anarchistic doctrines In what
they are seeking. They do not want the
position of dividend earners; all we want
is testimony to show that the earnings
of the company are much more than they
were." • . .'
Attorney Moore, however, was obdurate
and positively refused to allow Willcutt
to answer questions while Livernash was
working to prove that demand four
of the carmen was reasonable. .
Livernash was. nonplused _for awhile,
and undecided what course to pursue.' He
had many questions which he wanted
placed on the record. He eventually
asked Willcutt all of the questions, and
the latter cast his eyes up at the ceiling
and refused to answer. The old Pacific
Improvement Company scandals' were dug
up and among other, questions which Will
cutt refused to answer was the following:
HUNTINGTON'S METHODS.
"Is It not a fact that the Mission street
line was constructed by Hiintington and
the contract was awarded to the Pacific
Improvement Company: that. the stock
holders of the Pacific Improvement Com
pany owned stock in the Mission street
line and that Huntlngton and his friends
charged exorbitant prices In construction
work and then divided the profits? You
know all about this, don't you; now, Mr.
Willcutt?" ,*
The secretary, however, shook his
head.
"Well what I-want;to show," continued
Livernash, "Is that; the actual value of
the properties of the United Railroads is
not as much as they would like it : to be
represented on Wall street." ,
In . the afternoon '. C. E. ' Grunsky, City
Engineer, was called and read: reports,
which he had 'filed with the Board of
Public Works relative to the! 'costTof
construction of street railways in '. this
city. '•.-¦¦ ;• ' ': "'¦¦;/
The resumption of the taking of : testi
mony will be continued at ten this morn
ing. Livernash < expects to .close his side
of the, case about next 'Wednesday, and
the United. Railroad! officials will? then
have its Innings.'- . . . ;.
Secretary Willcutt of Company Or
dered by Its Attorney Not to
Tell About Profits and
Upsets Livernash's Efforts
to Establish Carmen's
Fourth Demand.
For thieves to carry on their, operations
under cover of darkness during the tem
porary ' absence of peace officers is not
regarded as out of the ordinary, but when
several criminals, having in tow. a val
uable buggy, deliberately pass a cordon
of police, in broad daylight, and make
way with their plunder.' It furnishes
something to ponder over. It was due to
the vigilance of two citizens that the car
riage was recovered later in the day.
During: the progress of the fire which
destroyed the building of Studebaker-Bros.
Company at Tenth and Market streets
and its contents early yesterday morn
ing the firemen were able to drag out a
few vehicles to a place of safety before
the flames and smoke caused them to de
sist in their work. Several fancy traps, a
hack or two and four or -five rubber
tired buggies were pulled out of the burn
ing structure and on the sidewalk.
As is usual in all fires, the police re
sponded and roped off the streets to keep
back the curious crowd of onlookers from
hampering the Fire Department In Its
work. Inasmuch as three alarms were
sent in for the fire in question, two score
of officers and several sergeants respond
ed. Notwithstanding the presence of this
array of peace guardians, three thieves
managed to secure possession of one of
the valuable buggies and take the ve
hicle through the lines.
SEE MEN HAULING BUGGY.
About 4:15 a. m. as Proprietor Blodes,
of the Derby Cafe at Market and
Page streets, was returning to his
establishment from the fire, in company
with a friend, they were surprised to see
three men haul a buggy up Market street
and turn Into Brady street. Surmising
that something was wrong. Patrolmen
Mitchell and Slattery were notified.
Brady street, which, according to the
police, has not the best reputation, runs
through to West Mission street. Leading
from it are several blind alleys. The offi
cers arrived on the scene within a few
minutes after the vehicle was seen turn-
Ing Into the thoroughfare, but there was
not a trace of the men or their booty.
Every place where it would be possible
to hide the rig was searched and the pa
trolmen were inclined to believe that they
were the victims of some exponent of
black art, who was able to cause the dis
appearance of most anything, ¦ from a
needle to a threshing machine. After
searching for some time the buggy was
finally located in a barn on Brady street
and taken to the Mission police station.
Later in the day Luke Reilly. James
Reilly and John Reilly, three young men
who reside In the neighborhood, were tak
en Into custody on suspicion of .having
committed the theft. Their names were en
tered on the detinue book, but upon in
vestigation It was found they were abso
lutely innocent and accordingly were re
leased from custody.
It is understood that several vehicles
were stolen during the progress of the
fire and the police are Investigating. Cap
tain Martin has detailed detectives on the
case and they are now following a clew
which may result in the apprehension of
the thieves who placed the buggy in the
Brady-street barn.
DEFECTIVE . INSULATION.
An examination of the premises occu
pied by Studebaker Bros.' Company dis
closed the fact that but little of the prop
erty escaped the ravages of the flamea.
On the fourth floor heavy wagons remain
and some of them may be repaired and
rendered salable, but most of • the valu
able stock was ruined and will be con
signed to the scrap pile. The- firm, how
ever, will resume business to-day. Of
fices have been secured at 1325 Market
street and orders will be filled from the
warehouses.
Four blackened walls and charred floor
ing tell the story of the conflagration. In-
Loss to Building and Stock
Estimated to Reach
$125,000.
United Railroads Re
fuses to Furnish
Figures.
Bold Crime Committed
as the Flames Rage
at Studebaker's.
INFORMATION
IS DENIED BY
CORPORATION
STEAL BUGGY
DURING FIRE
THE SAN FBANCISCP CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1903.
EWING CAPTURES
COMMISSIONERS'
SECRETARYSHIP
14
HAXE'S I - HA1ES v
What a Sale Hale's Have!
Kitchen Ware-Downstairs
Started Monday with a rush.* . v ' " ,
Speeding away yet with scarcely a let-up to the buying
But such values! It's" a rare treat that San Francisco
women appreciate. Just seemed to" strike the right chord at the
right time. But it's a way Hale's have.
Kitchen things of all sorts. The very best, at low prices.
Six-store buying counts. Remember the sale's for a week; and
you don't want to miss it.
Come to-day, if you can, these special values.
Scouring Soap 3c a cake "SSiiS^^Su. feSSM" *' Oood
Something every housewife needs and Coffee Pot, 89c Worth 60c 4 and 5
wants often. This Is' domestic. '• qt sizes. .
Cleans splendidly. Costs less than Iron Holder, So. Asbestos ones; Just
most soaps; 3a cake to-day. what you want to protect your
Peather Duster, 30c. 120 11-inch ostrich hands. . . .
feathers. They are put in to stay. Waahtub, 45c. Galvanized iron. De»t
Worth 60c. Share it to-day at 39c. quality, medium size.
Ice Cream Freezers Smyrna Rugs $1.15
They're n e w. Worth $1.5O.
They're mention- ViTSfe~Jl 2°° — splendid jute Smyrna rugs on
ed first time Mo- sale to-day at this new price— $1.15.
day. "The FT® 'Floral and Oriental designs and a
Alaska." tr __J[ irSSSS^,' fine line of colors.
1 quart... ?1«45 < ~- ii> J Knotted frinse on both end3— size
2 quart. . .i?l.(>."» ¦ l &" f -^& 30x60. '.?"?/¦>''¦
.3 quart. ..^1.05 2d fi 0011 — take elevator.
4 quart. . .92. 2r» |jv i.'Jfaj — — —
5 quart...^2.7O r ..^i.. p Ra<rc
The prices are low. Buy one to-day Leainer BagS >Vi
and make your own icecream at For traveling, and to save money on
home. These freeze quickly, work to-day at Hale's. "
easily, better made than other kinds. First: >:
Ont?;Hp nart* cr-ii V im2ed so they ConffwM Bars, 84.50, regular price
Uutsidc parts galvanized, so incy J6 .75. One of those new styles. 1T-
can t rust. . . • - . Inch with leather-covered frame.
All the metal parts on the inside leather lined, with brass trimmings.
coated with pure block tin, so the f4JO to-day. .
cream can't become \ tainted. The "ffTSTth"* Jgff* 38 - t£
cover of the can is extra heavy. frame is of japanned steel. 8plendld
There's ice guard to keep the cream value at to-day'« price, $3.30.
from getting into the can. Find them .^^^^^SrShg
downstairs. covered. To-day'a price 94.00.
_ «i ZT1 — r\ «r j Club Bajr $1.75. Pegamoid pressed to
Grenadine $1.50 Yard imitate animator; 13-inch, cioth
t-i_ * j a- vi. .v v. n ,i lined, steel trimmed.
Those $2.50 and $3.50 black beau- Te i e8C ope 95c. 24-inch one; canvas
ties we've been selling so many of and water proof; flne to take on th«
thi« wppW aa inches wide camping trip. Has three leather
th FinemouSeirne grounds with ap- *£>* a » ™ nd and leathw *«*•¦
plique designs or lovely silk meshes —
with brocaded designs. To introduce:
Very things for a swell black sum- •*£ t> r* u.; p Wacft
mer dress. A rare chance, while the *V. D. V*. Uflir VYB5IJ
few yards left last, to save an average 1 1 Q ne bottle with tV-
halfon everyyard you buy, gp fR^ .^^^^^
Gauntlet Gloves ' =p zvcck '
a n & d comfortable - 10c - 5C Notions
for summer wear- Pair. A little list of little needfuls
ing. I — * 5c wi|V buy at Hale's to-day:
Inexpensive, too. Pin Ctukioni, 5c Various sizes and
Tans, modes, browns, blacks. * r co l°Jl- «J r " elv^ t i . * , .
Now and then a pair in the light "Sfft^ 1 " 3 for 5c " for cleanlns
shades have a spot on them. Button* 5c dox. Metal or bone, large
lOe a pair— a bargain at that price or small,
even if all were slightly spotted. D^cgjo^a 'I or 5c. y Blue v white.
"Her-Ladyship"-thc height ioS.& 1 5g!a ie - ??
t 1 ~* *t«,l~ n ,,A rn^fnvt <5t Un.en Finished Thread, 4 for 3c. Splen*
Of COrSCt StylC alia COmfOrt did for mendlns: 40-yd» spooL
t e*~~~ Prilled Elastic, 5c yd. Fancy black.
to v>IO.OO. red. blue, pink and lavender.
At Hale's— and a woman ***££* *° plece ' Garter lenffths *
who knozvs hozv to fit you. "K&^r&nff ***' * or 5 hook '
Market Street, T Market Street,
Near Sixth, /MjM/ OgSML OL& &*£ L&&& Wear stxtl1 '
Opposite Golden my Opposite Oolden
Gate Avenue. *^ -^^^&OOt> COOD^^y 0^ G»t« Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Cal., July 8,
1903. — By instructions of
the Board of Underwriters,
we are selling at our store,
Market and Tenth streets,
recently damaged by fire, our
entire stock of robes and
blankets damaged by water
and smoke; also stock of ve-
hicles on 3d and 4th floors of
the building, these last being
only slightly damaged by
smoke and water.
Price is not the object of
this sale, the desire being to
clean out the building as soon
as possible.
ftROS.fPMPANY
Market and Tenth Streets.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Gash treatment
without
Furniture, carpets, curtains
¦ ' ¦ ? ' /- ..' V — : — "
.,. This is. the proposition: You want .to fur-
. ' % '. n |sh - a iTiorne. iYou . haven't eriough ready cash
. . .. 1 s. -to- pay -in full when the goods* are delivered,
• •:'•-. .lencc you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
• -.' '--" you dislike: trading in an out-and-out install-
rrien^ store. How are you going to get the
" • ' ' ,. ' easy -' payment accommodation and still buy
• your. goods in one of the big first-class stores?
'•¦ We ¦Joffer you the way.
. . . ' We , loan you the money, charging simply
' - • the Tegular banking rate, of interest— six per
< ?, • • cent. You go then to one . of the big, first-
. : class 'furniture stores where the stock is big
: and fresh, and where satisfaction is) certain ; s
J" and ';, when you have made your selections pay
; your bill' in good, hard cash.
• ;The installment stores charge you ten per
, cent above their cash prices for time. All you !
¦ "pay us' is: six per cent. The actual saving to
: ': you is FOUR PER CENT:
./.'¦••. ". .U - For. instance : If your purchases amount to
¦ $100.00 we will charge you $106.60— which is a
\ ,\ ? ¦ six per; cent advance; then you pay us $20.00
fit ' - : : ;. ¦;-; • ;• 1 cash and the balance in 'monthly 'payments
• to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
; 7 chases' '.amount to '.$75100 v we will charge you
$79.56; ; you make; us a cash payment on this
• ''.£• of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
- of v per month. . .
. Investigate this— it will pay you.
: yb;''; . '.'.".". .;. .':.- — - — I — ; \ ',' — — —
poiild^ Sullivan Co.
Suite 1403-05; "Gall" Building, $§§£:
Kearo j and Sattcr Sts. 0^^^^
To-day's Exceptional Offerings in (JJJ£)
Ladies 9 Undermuslins
You will find a splendid assortment to choose from — Undt%
garments that are prettily designed and daintily trimmed witn
tucks, hemstitchings, laces and embroideries — Here are various
groups and their prices :
Fine Corset Covers 45c, 75c and S5c Pretty Chemises 45c, 65c and 85c
Splendid Values in muslin and Good muslin Drawers.handsomely
cambric Gowns 75c, &5c and $1.00 trimmed 50c, /5c and 85c
Very fine cambric and long cloth Choice muslin Skirts. Prcttilv
Gowns $l.5Q, fl.75 and $2.00 trimmed flounce $1.50, $U/o, $2.25
Sale of Silk Grenadines (^ Sr)
An extraordinary transaction in Silk Grenadines enables us
to offer the following New, bright, Choice Goods at exceed-
ingly attractive prices :
24 inch black.and black and white 45 inch black figured Grenadines,
striped Grenadines — regular $1.00 extra fine quality — usually sold at
quality — special to-day at - $1-25 — our sale price to-day
50C per Yard 75c per Yard
Choice Tapestry Squares
(Second Floor)
Imported Squares in a perfect imitation of Goblin Tapestry,
at one-tenth of what the real would cost — come in a large
variety of choice conventional and floral designs — suitable for
cushion tops, chair coverings, etc. — These are the sizes and
prices :
Tapestry Squares, size 20x20, Sale Price 45c
Tapestry Squares, size 22x22, Sale Price 60c
Tapestry Squares, size 26x26, Sale Price $1-00
Ladies' Bathing Suits Reduced
(Third Floor*
Here is an exceptional opportunity to obtain a good Bathing
Suit at a low price — They are well made of fine quality serge
in navy blue, with large white or red sailor collar — entire suit
is prettily trimmed with white braid — originally sold . Q c
at $2.50 per suit — now $ 1 «Oj
Sale of Ladies' Hosiery (S)
35c and 50c Qualities at 25c Pair
An offering that cannot be duplicated outside of this store —
several hundred pair of Ladies' New, Stylish Hosiery on sale
to-day — some are in pretty colored stripes, others are plain
black in the neatest of openwork lace designs — sold /^ —
regularly at 35c and 50c per pair; sale price 25C
Ladies' Knitted Underwear
(Main Aisle)
We quote two styles in summer weight Underwear at prices
that should make them particularly interesting :
Ladies' Silk and Lisle VESTS, Ladies' Vega Silk TIGHTS,
Swiss ribbed, with hand crocheted Swiss ribbed, knee or ankle length,
yokes; colors pink, sky and white; in black and colors; reduced from
always sold at fi.50, <r» « r\g^ fr.35 and $1.50 per pair, /t» 4 nrk
specialat *J) 1 .UU to Jp 1 .UU
: ADVEXTXSXjMZHffTS^
39 STOCKTON STXSET.
Telephone Main 5523.
Quick sales and small profits la In-
creasing 1 our business rapidly.
THURSDAY, PWDAT AITS SAT.
X7SSAT SPECIALS. •
CBEAMEBT BTJTTSS, per sq,...40o
Quality and size always uniform. Reg. 43c.
RANCH EGGS, per doz......33 l-2o
Regr. 23c. The very best.
CBOSS ft BLACXWELL'S PICXLES,
Half pints. 2Oc; pints. 35c: quarts.
UOe. Retc. 23c. 40c. 70c. Chowchow.
Piccalilli. Mixed. Gherkins. Walnnta and
Onions.
ARMOUR'S WHITE LABEL t.a^ti,
In tins — •
3-lb.. 4Oc: 5-lb 7Oc; 10-lb.. M-TT.
Resr. COc, 80c. $1.30. The- standard for
years. ; .
I X L BONELESS CHZCXEN
TAMALE3, per can 10c
Reft. 12»4c. -»w^ -
MASON PBT/IT JABS,
Per dozen, pints. 43c; quarts 55e;
half-gallon. KOc. Re». 50c. 60c. S5c
KNOX'S GELATINE, per pkg*. ..10o
Res. 12 }ic ,
FAMILY MIXES TEA, per Ib. . .35o
Res. 50c. Rathjen'a famous blend.
PEERLESS ICECREAM 7BSEZEJUI,
Freezes In three minutes.
Regular —
1 qt. 2 qt. 3 qt. 4 qt. « qt.
$1.70 , $2.20 $2.60 $2.95 tt»
Special — -X
91.35 «1.7O «l.O5 92.23 92.SO
FORT AND SHERRY, per bot... 25c
per ral. .§1.00
Sweet native wines. Reg. 33c and $1.50.
TAMIL Y BOURBON, per bot 60o
per ral. ..$2.50
Reg. 75c and $3.
A good whisky at a small price.
WILSON'S BYE, per bot 83c
Reg. $1.25 Distillery bottling.
BLACXBERRY BRANDY, per bot 6Oo
> A cure article for medicinal use. Reg. 85c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
To Aid Nature
This health giver is most speedy
in action and satisfactory is
results. There will be no biV
ions attacks or sick-headache*
if you take
Beechams
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c and 25c.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S ORCATi
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
' \ Or The LaireitAiutamical Museuaia th« \
m fl*3f OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
1 I i <&& Con«ult»ta» free and ttrictW print*. \
if I JZlOli !V .^*.»wt«»ew •«i
r * i| 1 i.n.a»i»iL*ejic. mailed hu. #at
A a U- «*hiabl« book for mm) A
f DB.' JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Marift St.S. •*.' f