Story About a Cancer Denied
by the Doctors at the
Vatican.
Cardinal Is Received
by the Eminent
Patient.
Venerable Pontiff
Appears to Be
Improving.
POPE SHOWS
SOME SIGNS
OF STRENGTH
GRAND JURY BRINGS IN INDICTMENT AGAINST JACOB EPPINGER
ON FELONY CHARGE OF OBTAINING MONEY BY FALSE PRETENSES
Tt « 1-1 1 1 • 1 mi 1
Fears Are Entertained That
Towns Have Suffered
. Destruction.
Two Million Dollars
Estimated Loss of
Property.
Lives Are Lost in
Great Storm in
. Illinois^
DEATH RIDES
IN THE PATH
OF TORNADO
ROME, July 18, 4:10
a. m. — After having
some sleep the Pontiff
appeared to be again rested
and required the frequent
assistance of Dr. Lapponi
and liis valet, Centra.
CHICAGO, July 18.^-
There were unconfirm
ed reports that the
town of Gardner, in Grundy
County, had been destroyed
and many people killed. All
wires leading to that town
are down and no definite
information can be secured.
WIDELY KNOWN AMERICAN AR
TIST WHOSE DEATH OCCURRED
SUDDENLY IN LONDON.
: • . . ' .' . ..
full "amount of. their bonds In order to
satisfy ..them . and , thus .frustrate the In
vestigation. - They, say, however, that the
matter has gone beyond this stage. It is
predicted in banking circles that the reve
lations -will ' be astounding.
Japan and the United States Are In
formed of Concession in
Orient.
.'WASHINGTON. July 17.— The Japanese
Minister, Kogbra Takahlra, yesterday re
ceived a cablegram from Toklo announc
ing tliat the Russian Minister to Japan
had on the previous day called at the To
klo Foreign Office and officially assured
the authorities that the Russian Govern
ment would see to It that two ports would
be opened In Manchuria to the world's
commerce. . The Minister went at once to
the State Department and informed Sec
retary Hay of this fact. • Ho there learned
:that similar assurances had reached this
Government. »
RUSSIA WTLL^ OPEN
PORTS IN MANCHURIA
* "Tho names of John WV Young and Jonn
J. McCook- have ; not as yet: been • brought
into . the ; controversy, so \ far . as . we : ; are
concerned,"' but we., propose, to. find_ out
through' due proceses of law and Investlr
gation what compensation for their'ser
vices these men obtained." ' ¦•
\ Other '•> members of the '¦> protective ' com
mittee- have ' told some 'of .'their Intimate
friends -that -they -have, been offered -the
V About $8,000,000 was received;. by the
shipyard combination from the sale of its
first mortgage, bonds. What has 'become
of that money? ' How was lt^pcnt? How
much was paid to the promoters? These
are questions which the company of bond
holders' which we represent are' anxious
to discover. . v, . .
""More .than, once,".. Conkllng. said, "I
have had an opportunity of selling my
securities for every cent I paid for them,
so that the investigation which we, pro
pose to conduct could be called off, I have
refused, however, and. my friends and I
propose to find out what has : been done
with 'the \ money recejved\ by the ship
yard trust from the sale of Its securities.
"In our suit we hope~to find what was
paid to promoters and those jntafested in
the formation and launching 'of . the com
pany. We also propose to examine the
contracts which were made with each of
the subsidiary companies and* see the
amount of money that waspaid for them
and what profits the promoters received.
Wo cah't : be bought off. now,- no matter
what pressure is'brought to bear. ' . .
NEW YORK, July 17.— Members of the
protective committee," with the assistance
of a receiver, propose to conduct a search^
Ing investigation into the affairs of the
United States Shipbuilding' Company, ac
cording to . statements made Jb : day by
Roland R. Conkllng, chairman , of -the
bondholders' protective committee. "Mr".
Conkllng declared that he 'had' been ap
proached with a view 4 to ; settling his
grievances against- promoters of the com
pany and those who sold- bonds on what
he termed { "fraudulent ; representations."
It is asserted that tremendous. sensations
will result.
Special Dispatch to The Call
. BOSTON, July 17.— John Lankershim,
aged 19, a Harvard student and said to
be a son of a Los Angeles millionaire,
may now ' take passage to Paris as was
his intention last week, Tuesday. Lan
kef shim ; is ' the student who was charged
with Stealing one of Kennett A. Skinner's
automobiles and touring around New
England with a party of chorus girls*
The case was nolle prossed to-day at, the
request of the District Attorney's office.
During both attempts to settle the case
young .Lankershim had been led around
the courthouse by lawyers, Mr. Skinner
and others interested in the case, the de
fendant completing a party of six. This
morning's audience was with Judge Bol
ster and it was with a feeling of relief on
Lankershlm's part that the case was fin
ally disposed of. Mr. Skinner acknowl
edged satisfaction in the sum of $300, for
which 'he signed a receipt and the In
cident was closed.
Harvard Student's
Big Motor Spree
Costs $500. •
Shipbuilding Trust
to Be Deeply : :
Probed."
AUTOMOBILE
THIEF NOW
AT LIBERTY
SENSATIONS
WILL MARK
THE INQUIRY
HIRSCH MUST EXPLAIN.
"I notice that Alphonse Hlrsch Is not
present," said the court. "He has not
been present at very many meetings of
this Grand Jury. Some two weeks ago
I admonished one or two gentlemen who
failed to attend meetings of the Grand
Jury. I told them they were not doing
justice to their, fellow members who did
attend the sessions and were failing to
comply with the law under which their
body was selected. - Mr. Hlrsch has been
cautioned before and his absence must be
explained. A therefore . order that you
draw up papers and serve the same on
Mr. Hlrsch to show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt, and I set
Wednesday of next week aa a day for the
return of the writ."
Foreman Bryan then stepped forward
and handed the court the Indictment and
the crowd waited expectantly. District
Attorney Byington was called up for con
sultation and he suggested that the bonds
be fixed at 110.000.
When this was announced. Attorney
y ACOB EPPINGER, one of tho
m members of the bankrupt firm of
M Eppinger & Co.. was Indicted
mm yesterday by the Grand Jury on
*^ the felony charge of having ob
tained money by false pretenses. The
aged grain broker appeared in court ac
companied by- his attorney, Henry Ach,
and his bondsmen, Charles S. Laumeis
ter and J. C. Franks, and obtained his
release on $10,000 bonds.
That the Eppingers knew they were to
be Indicted yesterday was evidenced by
the fact that they came prepared. While
the Grand Jury was in session Jacob Ep
pinger and his brother, Herman Eppin
ger. paced the corridors of the City Hall
and anxiously awaited the outcome of the
meeting. Their counsel, Henry Ach. was
with them, as were also their relatives
and friends. Herman Eppinger also came
prepared to secure his release if he were
indicted, but he was permitted to lea.ve
without the, formality of putting up se
curity for his appearance in court.
- The Grand Jury intended Indicting Her
man Eppinger yesterday, but was unable
to do so by reason of the fact that Dis
trict Attorney Lewis F. Bylngton could
not obtain possession of the necessary pa
pers that were to be used In the Indict
ment. These papers are in the hands of
one of the banks and owrng to the'ab
sence from the city, of its president the
clerks had no authority to turn the pa
pers over to the District Attorney. At
the next meeting of the Grand Jury, how
ever," an Indictment will be filed against
Herman Eppinger.
At 5 o'clock the grand jurors filed into
Judge Murasky's courtroom." There were
a large number of Interested spectators.
Herman Eppinger and his brother Jacob
occupied seats in the rear of the court
room and were kept busy dodging camera
artists who were anxious to photograph
them.
Judge Murasky ordered the clerk to
poll the Grand Jury, and the following
answered . to their names: Foreman W.
J. Bryan. John F. Merrill, Charles Fish
er, James B. Smith. Frank B. Peterson,
Samuel Polack. E. J. Gallagher, Joseph
I. Lawless. Adolph Unger. Wesley Hefdt,
Adam L. Vercevich, James W. Reilly and
M. F. Hrubanik.
Jlppears in Court
arid Is Released
on Bonds.
Jlged Broker Bears
Up Well Under
Trouble.
MEMBERS OF BANKRUPT FIRM,
ONE OF WHOM WAS INDICTED BT
THE GRAND JURY YESTERDAY.
Continued on Page 2, Column. 4.
President Names Commissioners.
: WASHINGTON.. July 17.— The President
has appointed; Dr.- W.* r G." McGee of" the
Bureau? of 'Ethnology r Volney , W. Foster
of Chicago and .; Professor Francis W.
Kelsey, University of Michigan, to- rep
resent the United States on the Ameri
can Archeological and- Ethnological Com
mission, ah ' outgrowth of ¦ the Pan-Amer
ican Congress" in '¦ Mexico.
TEXANS MAY BATTLE
WITH THE GAMBLERS
SOUR LAKE, Tex.. July 17.— The Law
and Order League, which is composed of
five determined citizens, has gl\-en notice
to the several hundred gamblers who are
here that they must leave town. Many
of the negroes who were driven out of
town several nights ago by a mob of
gamblers are returning, having been
promised protection by the Law and Ok
der League.
WASHINGTON. July 17.— The Czar hav
ing signified his willingness to nominate
the" arbitrators who are to meet at The.'
Hague to settle the Indemnity:
Issue, provided all parties concur In the'
request, the State Department has com-!
xnunicated _with the London. Berlin and:
Rome Foreign^ Offices on ' the subjects
euggesting that they Join in the appli
cation.
Czar Offers His Services.
Burner at Tahiti Tells of Probable
Donation of Island Pos
sessions.
LONDON. July 18.— A dispatch from
Wellington, N. Z., to the Dally Mall.
calls attention to a rumor emanating from
the Fr^nrh colony at 'Papeete. Tahiti,
which is current In New Zealand, that
France intends to transfer its possessions
in the Eastern Pacific to the United
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Mail rays nothing Is known of the ru
mor at the French War and Colonial of
fices. - T .
FRANCE MAY TRANSFER
LANDS TO UNCLE SAM
DES MOINES. Iowa, July 17.— Justice
Brewer of the United States Supreme
Court took a strong stand against the re
moval of the power of injunction in an
address before the Iowa- State Bar As
sociation, of which . he was formerly a
member, this afternoon. . He i said he
knew labor organizations were sensitive
en the question, but that this was due to
a misunderstanding, that injunctions are
merely for the purpose • of preventing
bloodshed and disorder or other irrepar
able injury. He made an- eloquent plea
for the enlargement and acceptance of
the idea of universal arbitration and In
this connection lauded the work of Sec
retary Hay. Among other pStn~y sayings
by Justice Brewer were the following:
"To take ayay the^restraining power of
an injunction is a step backward toward
barbarism. The restraining power of a
court of equity is more valuable _ than
the correcting power of a criminal court.
"Laboring men at times are opposed to
injunctions, but they will come to see
that there is no thought of restraining
their rights and liberties, but only to
maintain order. We should educate by
restraint -tnore than by correction. Di
vorce suits should be conducted publicly,
although their unpleasant disclosures and
revolting facts be brought to light.
"It is not the purpose of the law to
conduct trials secretly. Better no divorce
than dl\-orce granted secretly. . Appeals
of sympathizing friends should not be In
fluential in granting a pardon."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eloquent Plea of
Supreme Court
IllGTlPO
0 UbuIOb.
ARBITRATION
WINS PRAISE
OF JURIST
BUZZARD'S BAY. N. Y.. July 17.— The
stork is hovering over Gray Gables, the
summer home of former President Grover
Cleveland. and_ preparations have been
made for its descent. Dr. Bryant is in
constant attendance upon Mrs. Cleveland
and nurses have been here for several
daye.
There are four Cleveland children-
Ruth, Esther. Marlon and Richard Fol
som. . Ruth was born October. 3, 1S91, at
816 Madison avenue. New York. She was
named after Mrs. Cleveland's grand
mother and as "Baby Ruth" ruled Wash
ington society during her father's second
term in the White House.
Esther Cleveland was born September 9
1893. in the White House.'
. Marion Cleveland was born at Bui
zard's Bay, July. 7, 1895.
Richard Folsom Cleveland was born Oc
tober 28, 1897, in Princeton, N. J.
Whistler's fame as an etcher was even
higher than his fame as a painter. His
theories on .art were eminently original
and individual, and in consequence were
made the subject of . much criticism. In
1S7S he sued. Mr. Ruskin for disparaging
his art in "Fors Cluvigera," and at the
end of a lengthy trial was awarded 1
farthing damages.
In 1S88 he -married the widow of the
late E: W. Goodwin, architect and writer,
and dauchter of J. B. Philip, the sculp
tor. In 1890 Whistler published an amus
ing book, "The Gentle Art of Making
Enemies," and it had. a large sale. He
also wrote another book, "Ten O'clock."
In 1898 he was president of the Interna
tional. Exhibition of Art, which was held
at Knightsbridge.
OF GREATER INTEREST TO
CLEVELAND THAN POLITICS
Stork Is Hovering Over Gray Gables,
the Former President's Sum
mer Home.
James Abbott McNeil] Whistler was
born at Lowell. Mass., in 1834. He studied
first at the Military Academy of West
Point, and afterward, in 1S57. under
Gleyre, the artist, in Paris. There he
was a fellow student with George du
Maurler, who so amusingly caricatured
him In "Trilby." In 1K19 he began to ex
hibit at the noyal Academy, /and in 1863
settled In London. His most important
paintings are "The White .Girl." "The
Last of Old Westminster" and "Portrait
of My. Mother." now in the Luxembourg
In' Paris. I* ',?
• The Daily Telegraph says:'
: "It may safely be prophesied that the
light of his genius will but burn the
brighter when his self-asserted individu
ality has been a little forgotten, or at any
rate obscured."
noon at his residence, 74 Cheyne
Walk, Chelsea, at the age of 69 years. His
death came unexpectedly, although^for
som©- time he had been seriously ill.
.This morning's papers publish elaborate
obituary notices, recognizing the distin
guished and unique-personality of Whist
ler, ¦ whose genius greatly dominated
European art of the prejsent generation.
While admitting that it is for posterity
to decide his exact position as a painter,
it is generally conceded that he was a
consummate etcher.
LONDON. July 18.— James Abbott Mc-
Neil Whistler, the celebrated Amer
ican artist, died yesterday after-
Genius in Art's World
Passes From Life
Suddenly.
Besides the ' foregoing: nearly every
member of the Boisdorf family, who took
refuge in -their cellar, : was injured.- The
house fell in* on them.
The Injured are: Mrs." James Wirschem,
Miss Wirschem. Mrs. Oscar MUHgan, Je
rome Milligan, Eda Austin. Alice Wilson,
James Smith. Henry Schwitzer and Mrs.
James Smith.'
MENDOTA. 111., July 17.— Four persons
were killed and ten others seriously in
jured by a tornado that struck* the north
ern part of this city to-night. The path
of the storm was about eight miles in
length. Everything in the storm's track
was leveled to the ground. The known
dead are: '•
CORA BOISDORF, aged 15.
ORA LUNA, aged 15.
SCHAMEL, boy, aged 13.
SCHAMEL, boy, aged 4.
The tornado was accompanied by a ter
rific rainstorm, which washed out bridges,
culverts and thousands of feet of rail
road track. The loss of crops is very
heavy.
At Emington several, houses were ut
terly demolished and four persons were
seriously If not fatally injured. At Cam
pus one man was killed, while two others
sustained Injuries which may prove fatal.
cuarter of a mile northeast Adolph
Stauber's clothing factory was razed.
About 100 people were employed there, but
all had left half an hour before. Next
the tornado caught a number of small'
houses, wrecking some, turning • others
half way around, twisting huge trees and
breaking them off at the base. The base
ball park, the street railway park and
the driving park were next in the storm's
path. All the buildings, fences and grand
stand at these Ihree places. Including a
115,000 amphitheater in course of construc
tion, were destroyed. At the driving park
about fifty carpenters had just stopped
work. There ¦ were four persons killed
outright and about fifteen injured.
At the dairlyfarm of A. J. Dougherty,
on the edge of the town, a, house was
blown down and several who were in It
at the time were badly injured.
Tho Indiana. Illinois and Iowa bridge,
costing $1,000,000. was partially wrecked,
and the hoisting works and buildings at
Spring Hill shaft were ruined. Many
buildings In Kangley, four miles west of
Streator, were blown down and several
persons were injured there. Many houses
were unroofed and otherwise damaged.
Wires are nearly all down and details are
meager.
STREATOR, III.. July 17.— Five persons
wero killed, :>inetoen vretv fatally « n -
Jured and property loss estimated at $2,
000,000 was caused by a tornado here this
evening. ' The dead ar«|
LARRY DOYLE.
N. H. BEVINE. ,
RICHARD PURCELL. '
CHARLES SNYDER. . , r ,
"WILLIAM ''bROWNTa negro. : <
The , fatally : Injured are: George * Doyle.
Mrs. Doyle. Bessie Boucher, Fred Cone,
fractured skull; Mrs. Crone, Mrs. Smith,
Miss Smith, Captain Peabody and wife,
Ralph Boucher, Mrs. Henry Pease and
baby, George Hunter, George Doyle's lit
tle child, three children of A. J. . Dough
erty and a man employed on the latter's
farm. A score or more are reported to
have sustained broken bones.
The first building struck was the "West
ern Vulcafn Works, which was entirely
destroyed, causing a loss of $150,000. The
fifty employes had left the place. Only
one man. Richard Purcell. the night
watchman, was in the factory and he was
killed. '^'f' ' '
ROME. July 17, 8:25 p. m.— "I cannot
say the Pope is better, but he is no
worse-**
In these words Dr. Lapponi summed up
this evening the Pontiff's condition at the
end of the second week of his illness. In
eli the varying periods of which the Pon
tiff has scarcely bad a quieter day than
this, with the result that to-night's of
ficial bulletin declares him to be a little
Kss depressed.
la the morning, after a night during
which stimulants and nursing restored
him to a lairly good condition, tne Pope
complained of soreness due to the many
days he had passed in bed. To relieve
ihis and to humor him the patient was
allowed to sit in his armchair for a
short time, with an apparent good ef
fect. The celebration of a mass in honor
cf St. Leo and the Pope's conversation
with ilonsicnor Pifferi were the only
other incidents that relieved the tedium
of the sick chamber to-day.
From to-night's examination the liquid
in the pleura appears at about the same
level which is marked with a dermograph
ic pencil on the Pontiffs side. The phy
ticians thir.k the liquid amounts to about
1290 grams. Considering the physical con
dition of the Pope the doctors do not be
lieve it possible that his body can ab
torb it.
After the visit of the physicians the
Pope received Cardinal Rampolla, who
remained in the sickroom only a few min
utes. He again gave the Pontiff a full
report of the prayers offered in his be
half all over the world. His Holiness,
raising both har.ds, said;
"I bless all those who pray to God^for
xce."
In Vatican circles there is gossiping over
the great reception given to Monsignor
Ajute at Lisbon to celebrate his elevation
to the cardinalate and over the solemnity
with which Cardinal Agllardi to-day took
possession cf his new office of vice chan
cellor of the church. A correspondent,
however, learns that the Pope himself In
his last interview with Cardinal Agllardi
urged Ihe performance of to-day's cere
mony-.
In efaarp contrast with these ceremonies
Are the continuous preparations at the
Vatican for the death of the Pontiff. A
huge rpit twelve feet long, which has been
tjsed for roasting food for the conclaves
Eince the time of Gregory XVI, was
brought from an old storeroom to-day
and will be employed to roast quarters of
beef for the isolated Cardinals while they
are deliberating in the conclave over the
election of the successor to Leo XIII.
Drs. Lapponi and Mazzonl absolutely
deny the statement published In the Unit
ed Btates that Pope Leo Is suffering from
cancer and ridicule it as an ignorant in
vention. They say they are sure that
Dr. RossonJ takes the tame view.
VOLUJ1B XCIV— NO. 48.
WHISTLER, FAMOUS PAINTER,
ANSWERS LAST SUMMONS
AT HIS HOME IN ENGLAND
it J1ND the said Jacob Eppinger, in the manner and by the means aforesaid, did thereby
A willfully and -unlawfully, knowingly and designedly cheat and defraud the said Interna
tional Banking Corporation of the said goods and personal property last hereinbefore described
and set forth, contrary to the form, force and effect of the statute in f such case made and pro
vided and : against' the peace and dignity of the people of the State of California. " — (Extract
from indictment against Jacob Eppinger.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Itching, Blind, Bleeding- or Protruding PiUs.
Tour druggist will refund your money. If. PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure ynu. 50 cents. •
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
A large meeting of the United Repub
lican League Club of the Fortieth dis
trict was held last night at the perma
nent headquarters on the corner of Post
and Flllmore streets. Speeches were made
by the following: D. E. McKinlay, J. S.
Partridge, Senator E. I. Wolfe, Maxwell
McNutt, Frank McGowan, P. E. Bergerot.
R. B. Countryman, George McGowan and
George .H. Bahrs.
Meeting in Fortieth.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., July 17.— The British
steamer Monterey, which went ashore
west of Point Plato, island of St. Pierre
Miquelon, July 14, will be a total wreck.
Monterey Will Be Total Wreck.
The French people of San Francisco ten
dered a reception and ball to the officers
of the French cruiser Protet last evening
at Golden Gate Hall. The hall was beau
tifully decorated and an elaborate musical
programme was rendered. M. P. A.
Bergerot, president of the Fourteenth of
July committee, made the opening ad
dress, which was answered by M. Adl
gard, commander of the French Pacific
fleet.
Tender Reception to Officers.
It Is hard to tell just how the accident
happened. It Is a rule that conductors
must close the switch after they pass
over it and the conductbr on the car pre
ceding car No. 1146 says that he did so.
The United Railroads believe that the
switch was thrown with malicious intent
or that it was the work of boys.
Windows crashed and passengers were
pitched about. There were three occu
pants in the first car and four in the sec
ond. All escaped uninjured with the ex
cep\lon of Mrs. Nolan, a dressmaker, who
was seated in the forward end of the
westbound car, where she was caught
and crushed.
When car No. 1146 approached the open
switch going west car No. 1138 approached
it from the east. The speed of both cars
was about eight miles an hour. The first
Intimation the gTipmen had " that the
switch was open was when car 1146 struck
it and the two vehicles came together
with a crash.
A misplaced switch at the corner of
Mission and Twenty-ninth street caused
Mission and Twenty-ninth streets caused
Thursday night. As it was Mrs. J. P.
Nolan of 420 Twenty-ninth street was
badly jarred and suffered probable inter
nal Injuries.
MISPLACED SWITCH IS
CAUSE OP ACCIDENT
Two Cars in the Mission Collide
and One Passenger Is
Injured.
The Olympic Club bowling team, con
sisting of Messrs. Lux. Blrdsell, McCon
nell, Lawton and Nolan, defeated the
Denver Bowling Club In a match game
played over the wires last night by a
score of 2630 to 2438. The Olympians won
easily, leading their opponents all tho
way. The playing of the match over the
wires was quite a novelty and attracted
a large crowd of spectators.
Olympic Bowlers "Win.
It was reported to the police yesterday
that Juan Sanchez, the young Filipino
who was taken into custody several days
ago for the commission of several theft3
at the Presidio, had also stolen $300 worth
of jewelry from Mrs. S. Green of 1707
Baker street. Sanchez had been employ
ed In the Green household as a servant,
and during the temporary absence of the
Inmates on June 1 he rifled a jewel box of
its contents. He Informed his employers
before the discovery of the crime that ho
Intended returning to his native home the
following day, and accordingly took his
departure. Several days later an Infantry
sergeant called on Mrs. Green and re
turned all of the jewelry with the ex
ception of a ring. It appears that San
chez was a waiter at the officers' mess
at the Piesldlo before securing the posi
tion with Mrs. Green, and after the lar
ceny returned to the military post. The
manner in which the officer recovered tho
valuables is not known.
Filipino Steals Jewelry.
He claimed acquaintance with many
prominent men of Illinois from the Gov
ernor down, ¦ but telegraphic inquiry at
Chicago and Evanston last evening
brought the response that he is unknown
there and that his name is not In the.di
rectories.
He went yesterday to the office of the
Transcontinental passenger bureau on
New Montgomery street, to have an over
land ticket validated. It was discovered
by the agent that his ticket was Im
properly signed and Brown was asked for
some means of identification. Apparently
laboring under the idea that he was be
ing unjustly treated he went around to
the ticket office on Market street, where
he remained for more than an hour loudly
abusing everybody and threatening to sue
the company for damages.
Th-3 actions of Brown were those* of a
man whose mind was unsettled. At
tempts to quiet him proved of no avail
and the only way. the clerks got rid of
him was when the time for closing the
office arrived. The unfortunate man
bears the appearance of one in comfort
able circumstances and he exhibited a
large roll of bills at the ticket office yes
terday. -
Brown arrived here three days ago and
stopped over night at the Palace. The
first day there he entered a complaint
against the entire methods of manage
ment of the big hostelry arid finally" 1 was
encouraged to 'move, which he did, tak
ing quarters at the Occidental. He also
caused no end of annoyance to the clerks
of that establishment. ¦ ,
; J. M. Bn*wn, t who registered at the Pal
ace Hotel and later A at the Occidental
from Evanston, 111., created a. scene in
the Market-street ticket office of the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday aft
ernoon, when he threatened to sue .the
corporation for delaying him on his trav
els and otherwise disturbing his terror of
mind. It later developed that his mind
was apparently affected and efforts were
made to pacify him.
Many Unfortunates Dis
cover That Brown's
in Town.
(Indorsed: Ball on the within Indictment Is
hereby fixed In the sum of $10,000. Dated
July 17. 1903. FRANK J. MURASKY Pre
siding Judge).
Gove. Hugh SIcFaul. Robert "W. Williams.
Jacob Klelnhaus, Edmund Freund, Fred Jlun
son, Rasmus Larsen. I. Eppinger, Joseph De
celle. Chris Larsen. John F. Meyer, Peter
Demings. H. T. Berg. P. G. Ka.itwick Jr. C.
F. Herlitz. John C. Wendt. Jacob Eppin'ger,
Herman Eppinger. Bernard Ettlinger Mary
Demlngs. E Bl Cutter. W \V. Topping Al
fred G. Platt, James L. Fields. F. S. Mitchell
Emile Besson. C. N. Langton.
At the time of the Senator's death Mrs.
Williams was visiting her uncle's people
near Healdsburg, but she returned to this
city at 7:30 o'clock last evening.
During the session of 1S91 Senator Wil
liams introduced what is known as the
parole bill. He was not considered an
orator, but his great popularity among
the members demanded much considera
tion and was the means of his success.
Senator Williams was born In New York
on September 14, 1840. He took an active
part in the Civil War, going to the front
with the volunteers of his native State.
He was a member of George H. Thomas
Post, Grand Army of the Republic, of this
city and looked forward, to the coming en
campment with much pleasure. He was
also a member of Myrtle Lodge, Ancient
Order of United Workmen, of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Order of
Eagles, and of the Knights ana LaCles of
Honor. .For eighteen years he was also a
member of the Knights of Pythias.
Senator Williams was married to Miss
Frances J. Leighton on May 14. twenty
six years ago. They had no children.
present was his second term as a Sena
tor, he having occupied a seat in the up
per house of the Legislature In 1891 and
1893.
QUEER TOURIST
HAS GRIEVANCES
The Diaz copper mine on Bear Creek,
near Indian Gulch, Marlposa County, is
working. . .
The:entlre upper'works of. the Seven
thirty* mine on Dead mans Flat, ¦- near
Work on the War Eagle mine, near
Randsburg, Kern County, will be re
sumed. "
Dealing with dredging operations near
Oroville, Newton Booth Knox, in the
Mining and Scientific Press, writes:
Upon a strip of land nine miles long by two
miles in width, bordering on and adjacent to
the Feather River, twenty-one dredger* are
working. These dredgers are the property of
about twelve companies, who own dredging
land \ - arylng from 80 to SOU acres. The com
panies are all close corporations, and though
the official figures of working costs and profits
are difficult, to obtain, it is well known that
they yleia their stockholders excellent divi
dends. For instance, one company's working
expenses, including labor, repairs, power. In
terest'on capital invested, depreciation of plant,
sinking fund, etc., amounted to but 32. per cent
of the bullion output, leaving the remaining 68
per cent clear profit.. The total general aver
age of the drillings of several of the largest
companies'- holdings, covering a period of bcv
eral years, gives the value of the gravel be
tween 17 cents and ltt cents per cjibtc yard and
average depth of 11 yards. As a dredger han
dles from 1200 to 2000 cubic yards per day at a
cost of from 5 cents to 8 cents— average ot 6
cen ts per cubic yard, it Is evident that the
returns in this work are considerable. In the
early days of California history Oroville dis
trict was extensively mined by first the white
man and later by the Chinese. It is claimed
that $82,000,000 baa been taken out within a
radius of eight miles of the town of Oroville.
The gravels were worked to .water level and
washed mostly in hand rockers. Pits and small
shafts were sunk until a rich paystreak was
encountered, which was followed,, drifted out,
hoisted to the surface and rocked. Water In
terfered greatly with this style of mining, and
only the richest streaks could be worked. The
gravels left made excellent dredging ground.
The Shenandoah mine, near Plymouth,
Amador County, is down 1000 feet In the
south shaft and more than 500 feet in the
north shaft. The two shafts arc con
nected at the 500-foot level. '
The holdings of the dredging companies who
are prospecting and dredging In the vicinity of
Folsom are very extensive and cover nearly all
the mineral lands on both sides of the Ameri
can River. Nearly, if not all of the claims
were bought outrUht. It is said, by R. G. Han
ford, who is said to be backed by the Armour*.
The dredging companies now operating or pros
pecting near Folsom are known as the Folsom
Development Company, the Syndicate Dredging
Company and the Colorado-Pacific Gold Dredg
ing Company, all of which are managed by.R.
G. Hanford. About three miles southwest of
FoUom a dreflffer Is at work, and also one. on,
the east bank of the river. In addition to this,
two new dredgers are being built at Milwau
kee that~aTe due on the dredger grounds next
October. The new dredgers will be run by
«lectrlc power, have five-foot buckets and will
cost $70 000 apiece. Each will handle 3000
cubic yards of gravel daily. The company is
also erecting a large machine ehop, stores,
houses and blacksmith shops.
DREDGERS AND OTHERS.
Concerning the gold dredging operations
near Folsom, the Pacific Coast • Miner
says:
Shasta County has great bodies of Iron ore
on the McCloud which are now being system
atically developed. There is also an immense
body of iron ore near Bee Gum. In this county,
that is now attracting a good deal of atten
tion. It Is just over the line in Tehama Coun
ty and is owned by James Hesslewood of Red
Bluff, who has taken steps to develop It. He
has filed twenty-two mining locations and has
a ledge 400 feet across, with more than 500,(xx>
tons cf ore In sight. In fact, there is a solid
body of ore more than two miles long. It Is
about forty-seven miles southwest of Redding.
The deceased leaves a wife, two daugh
ters. Miss Sadie N. Palache and Miss Ida
W. Palache, a son, J. H. Palache, and a
brother, James Palache.
sent to L.. E. Aubury. Ferry building. San
Krencisco. Oil6 or distillates should be shipped
In screw-capped (cork-lined) cans. Blanks with
data, required will be furnished. on application.
Mineral waters should, in addition to informa
tion required, contain analyses of same.
Concerning a discovery of iron ore In
Shasta County, the Redding Searchlight
says:
OILBERT PALACHE. senior mem
ber of the firm of H. . M. Newhall
& Co., died yesterday morning at
his residence, 900 Eddy street.
Mr. Palache wag one of the best
known business men in the city, and came
to the Pacific Coast in 1S50.
Some time ago Mr. Palache met with a
severe accident. , The injury "necessitated
an operation one year ago.and since then
the patient has been In extremely poor
healtn. His age, 74 years, was against
him, and despite every medical attention
the merchant passed away*
Gilbert Palache was born at Kingston,
Jamaica, in 182S. After he came to Cali
fornia he engaged in the lumber business
and launched some ventures in the Sierra
Nevada Mountains. These were failures,
and he became employed with the Pacific
and Wells-Fargo express companies. Then
his expert business methods drew atten
tion to him, and he joined the house of
Newhall in 1S56. Soon afterward he mar
ried Miss Margery White, a sister-in-law
of the late H. M. Newhall.
PROMINENT POLITICIAN WHO
DIED SUDDENLY EARLY
YESTERDAY MORNING.
When in truth and in fact the said pre
tenses and representations so made as afore
said were then and there in all respects utterly
fase and untrue. and fraudulent. And when In
truth and in fact the said Jacob Kpplnger
well knew the ' said pretenses and representa
tions so made by him. ag aforesaid, to bo ut
terly false and untrue and i fraudulent at the
time of making the same; and the said Jacob
Eppinger, in the manner and by the means
aforesaid, did thereby willfully and unlawfully,
knowingly and designedly, cheat and defraud
the ' said International Banking Corporation of
the said » goods • and personal property last
hereinbefore . described and set forth, contrary
to the form, force and effect of the statute in
such case made and provided and against the
peace and dignity of the people of the State
of California.
(Signed) . LEWIS P. BYINGTON.
. . - District Attorney.
Names of witnesses examined and the names
of witnesses whose depositions were read be
fore the . Grand Jury -on findHig he foregoing 1
indictment: ' .
F. E Beck. Henry Wadsworth T C. ' Fried-.
Under. P.% E. Bowles. H. C. Bunker. C. A»
FALSE REPRESENTATIONS.
And the said International Banking Cor
poration. ¦ then and there, believing the said
false and fraudulent pretenses and representa
tions, so made, as aforesaid, by the said Jacob
Epplnger. to be true, and being deceived
thereby, was induced by reason of the said
false and fraudulent pretenses and representa
tions bo made, as aforesaid, to deliver, and did
then and there deliver to said Jacob Eppinger
the sum of $9S0O (ninety-eight hundred dollars)
Jn lawful money of the United States of Aiffer
ica of the value of ninety-eight hundred
($9800) dollars in lawful money of the United
States of America and of the' goods and per
sonal property and moneys of the said Inter
national Banking Corporation; and the said
Jacob Eppinger. then and there by means of
Bald false and fraudulent pretenses and repre
sentations so made as aforesaid, did then and
there willfully and unlawfully, knowingly, de
signedly and fraudulently receive and obtain
from the satd International Banking Corpor
ation the said goods and personal property and
moneys hereinbefore ' last described and set
forth, to wit: The said sum of ninety-eight
hundred ($9800) dollars In lawful money of
the United States of America, with intent to
cheat and defraud the said International Bank
ing Corporation of the same; and the said
Jacob Eppinger did then and there willfully,
unlawfully and fraudulently take and carry
away the same. . . .
"$9S00. San Francisco. Cal.. April 14'. 1903.
"One day after date, for value received, in
gold coin of the Government of the United
States, we promise to pay to the International
Banking Corporation or order, at its banking
house in this city, the sum of ninety-eight
hundred dollars, with Interest from date, at
the rate of five and a half per cent per an
num until paid, payable monthly, both princi
pal and interest payable in the like gold coin.
"EPPIXGEK & CO."
"No. (463) 322. Due April 15. 1903
EPPINGEB GIVES HIS NOTE.
house receipts, or either of them, die! not then
or there entitle the said Jacob Eppinger, Her
man Eppinger and Bernard* Ettlinger. copart
ners aforesaid v either or any of them, or
their or either . or any of their Indorsees or
assignees to the immediate or other or any
control or possession of the said wheat afore
said or of any wheat whatsoever; s-nd where
as in truth and in fact the transfer or delivery
then and there or at any time or place of the
said warehouse receipts, or of either or of any
of them to the said International Banking Cor
poration indorsed under and by the firm name
of Eppinger & Co. or otherwise, did not then
or there convey to the said International Bank
ing Corporation the right to the possession or
control of the said or of any wheat, as he the
said Jacb Eppinger then and there well knew,
and the said International Banking Corpora
tion then and there believjng the sai<l false and
fraudulent pretenses and represantations so
made as aforesaid by the said Jacob Eppinger
to be true and being deceived thereby, was In
duced by reason of the false and fraudulent
pretenses and representations, &o made as
aforesaid to receive and accept, and did re
ceive. and accept from the said Jacob Epptn
gcr, and the said Jacob Eppinger -Mi then and
there deliver to the satd International Banking
Corporation as security for the payment of the
promissory note hereinafter set forth, the Bald
warehouse receipts above set forth and de
scribed with the Indorsements thereon, as
above set forth, together with a certain prom
issory note In the words and figures following:
The deceased was well known in politi
cal circles throughout the State. He was
elected Senator in the Twenty-fourth Sen
atorial District last November and there
fore had three more years to serve. The
Senator Williams took charge of Divi
sion No. 1 in the United States Internal
Revenue office on May 1, his district em
bracing all that portion of the city north
of Sacramento street. He attended to his
duties in the office on Thursday until near
the hour of closing," when he com
plained of what he believed to be an at
tack of indigestion,. He crossed the cor
ridor of the Appraiser's building and en
tered the office of the Marine Hospital
Service, where he asked the clerk for a
spoonful of bicarbonate of soda to relieve
what he believed to be acidity of the
stomach.
The surgeon in attendance entered the
room at this time and after examining
Senator Williams Informed him that his
affliction' was heart trouble, not indiges
tion. The' doctor advised the Senator to
go home and to bed and to send for his
family physician. Acting upon the advice
of the doctor, he went home, but did not
retire until 8:30 o'clock in the evening,
as "he- stated that he was feeling much
better. Shortly before midnight he awoke,
again suffering severe pains, and the fam
ily physician, Dr. Davis, was immediately
summoned, but all efforts to relieve the
sufferer were vain and he soon passed
away.
STATE SENATOR GEORGE H.
WILLIAMS died suddenly from an
attack of heart failure at his resi
dence. 101JH* Clay street, shortly
after 2 o'clock yesterday morning.
The death of Senator Williams was most
unexpected and was a great shock to his
relatives and friends.
Miss Green gained her first fame in this
city by entering Into an engagement con
tract with a prominent street car official
three years ago. At that time his wife
was stilL living, but she. died soon after
and the young woman endeavored to en
force the contract. She finally instituted
suit for $3O,0CKT, which never came to trial.
The Doolan note is said to be in the
possession of a bank, which has demand
ed payment and threatened suit If it is
not settled.
Inspirited by Doolan's example. Dr.
Hicks concluded that he. too. must taste
of Miss Green's lips, but she had raised
the ante for him. It iost him $125. which
amount was likewise paid over in the
form of a promissory note. According to
the testimony the doctor had been paying
such assiduous attention to the liquid re
freshments that at the first attempt to
sign the note his signature was so illegi
ble that no one could read it. and the
fair \ payee Insisted on him signing It a
second time in such a manner that the
name could be made out.
In the course of time the Hicks note
found Its way into the hands of D. A.
Curtin, who sued on It, and the case camu
up before Judge Lawson for hearing.
After eliciting the above statements ot
fact the court ordered the case thrown
out of court. So Insistent, however, was
the counsel for the plaintiff In continuing
the hearing that Jt became necessary to
have the courtroom cleared by two stal
wart bailiffs.
Kisses from the red lips of Ml3s Marian
Green come high, if the testimony of wit
nesses in Justice of the Peace Lawaon's
court yesterday are to be believed. It is
of record there, as sworn to. by several
men. that she placed a value of 5100 on an
osculatory salutation delivered to one M.
Doolan of Oakland, and for a similar ser
vice performed to Dr. William P. Hicka
of this city she demanded $125.
-Miss Green is a tall, blonde beauty, and
she looks as though her kisses might bo
worth considerable as such thlnga go. but
the above amounts are away above the
prices since the days when Antony madly
threw away a world for Cleopatra's kiss.
Since then the market has been bearish.
The scene where these costly embraces
were bestowed was in the rear room of a
drugstore at Polk and McAllister streets.
There during a night In the damp month
of last January a merry party gathered.
There were half a dozen men and Miss
Green was the only one of her sex pres
ent, but she made up in vivacity what she
lacked In numerosity. The flowing bowl,
filled with that fierce brand of booze that
is obtainable only in Kansas or a drug
store, passed rapidly around, and under
Its inspiriting Influence the one Doolan of
Oakland aforesaid concluded that life was
not worth living unless he could kiss tho
fair Marian. She was coy. but finally
agreed to permit his caress on the pay
ment of S10G\ Doolan didn't care about
the price, but he lacked 15 cents of having
any money at all with him. so he gave
Miss Green a promissory note for $100 and
took the kiss.
;The following: Information should tie Inclosed
with eample: Name of Bender: postofflce ad
dress; name of mine or deposit; county; loca
tion—section, township, ranee, or nearest town
or porteffiee. Advice of shipment should be
Samples of ore should be addressed to
the mining department of the St. Louts
world's fair. £> Market street, San Fran
cisco. Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express will
transport samples not exceeding twenty
pounds in weight free of charge from any
point in- the State to the mining depart
ment. Anything in excess of the weight
of twenty pounds can be sent free of
charge by freight via either the Santa Fe
or Southern Pacific Company's lines. The
following specific directions are given to
Bhippers of mineral samples for the SL
Louis snow:
POINTS FOB MINEES.
At the close of the St. Louis Fair the Lewis
and Clark Exposition will be opened, and while
as yet ro plans have been formulated by Cali
fornia in regard to the same, the State may
be called upon to transfer iu exhibits from
Ft Louis lo that exposition. Should this be
the ca*e. a mineral collection will then be
ready without any additional expense.
clso wnt. It is Mr. Aubury 1 1- intention to
have th* collection returned to California «t
i he e)osf> of the exposition, and have the
fsmt form a jwrmanpnt State exhibit for fu
ture «xpc*Ition». which can be addrd to from
duplicate* received at the State Mining Bu
reau. At Flight <x-;ifn!=p in the future the
Ftate will he in « position to make a mineral
exhibit.' whereas in the pan collections have
bwn given away without resultant benefits.
With a ;wrmanent exposition collection mine
owners will not be calk-d upon frequently, as
they have befn at other times, for donations.
It ii inadvisable to make up collections from
the Minlr.iT Bureau exhibit, for many reasons.
Principal amonK ihfrn is the fact that "yearly
thf bureau ts visited by not less than 100,000
visitors, and many investors, before making
an investigation of a property, rail at the bu
reau to obtain information and inspect samples
of the minerals In the museum. Should these
specimens be pert to an exposition, in most
¦ .I— > they would be retained for at lcaet one
year, thus preventing: those who might derive
*cme benefit from the minerals were they on
exhibition at the bureau, from having an op
portunity to inspect the Fame. In such cases
the benefits accruing from a mineral collec
tion m-ould be greater at the bureau than at
en exposition. Therefore the State should
own a duplicate mineral exhibit for exposition
purpoEes. and the present is a Rood time to
beRin its collection.
Manufacturers cf mining machinery will
probably aid to have a large meehanlf.il
exhibit. In the letter that has been pre
pared the State Mineralogist says:
It is sujrpcFted to owner? of mineral dprosits
makir.it donations for the »xh!bit that the Fam
pie*-be representative nnd that email famplec
ct uie ««a rock or inclosing formation bo
Owners of California mineral deposits
with whom he has communicated have
given encouragement. From present in
dications one of the finest collections ever
exhibited ffom California will be installed
at St. Louis.
To secure an adequate collection of the
minerals of California for the St. Louis
show Mineralogist Aubury tias appointed
two agents, one for Northern and one for
Fouthrrn California. The work in the
north will begin in S!fkiyou County. In
the south the acent will begin at San
Dlepo County, moving northward. Col
lectors of minerals will also be appointed
to travel through the central counties and
the interior generally. Owing to the small
amount <>f the appropriation that the St.
Louis Exposition Commissioners have
avails hie for all purposes an appeal has
been made 1 to the enmities by the Com
missioners, in conjunction with the State
Mineralogist, to assist in the work of
gathering mineral specimens. Pome coun
ties have signified intention to lend aid
and will appoint local collectors through
their Suoervisors.
AGENTS AHE APPOINTED.
A circular Irtter has been Issued by
Etate Mineralogist Lewis E. Aubury giv
ing much n**cef.--ary information concern
ing the mectns adopted to secure a large
and representative exhibit of California
tninrrals to be shown in the m!nes and
mining buildrns at the Ixiuisiana Purchase
Exposition ar Si. Louis next year. The
opportunity for making a good shoeing
for California is excellent. California pro
duces forty -nine minerals of economic
vaiue and tne atrpxi-eate annual output is
nearly Sin.'oia/fO. This* has been- increas
ing a.t the rate of $2,000 ,0<X) per annum in
round figures.
A special feature of the California min
eral exhibit at St. Lou;g. so says Mr.
Aubury, will be the display of those min
tral products m which this State excels.
Included are poda. borax, quicksilver,
niter. tPitis and jewelers' materials, ce
rae&t. marble, magnesite. building stones
and clays and their products. Other
structural and industrial materials will
;Upo receive especial attention. A lare£
exhibit will be made of crude and re
fined oils, oil bearing formations, mineral
¦waters, lithia. mica. eic. Gold and cop-
I>e-r will be leading attractions.
State Mineralogist Puts
Agents in Field to Find
Samples.
Then It Develops Her Com
pensation Is Only
Stage Money.
Miss Marian Green Sells
Kisses at Exorbit
ant Rates.
•Whereas In truth and In fact the said 'Jacob
Eppinger, Herman, Eppinger "and Bernard Et
tlinger, : copartners as aforesaid, were not then
and there, nor was either or any of them the
owner, or owners of the said wheat aforesaid,
or of ; any of satd wheat; and whereas in truth
ami in fact neither said wheat nor. any of said
wheat was then or there actually or otherwise
deposited or stored • in Bald warehouse; and
whereas in truth and In fact the said ware
house receipt* aforesaid or either of them,
were .not then, nor ¦ there good, or valid
house, or other, receipts for the said or for any
wheat deposited: in 'the said warehouse of the
said Pacific Coast • Warehouse' Company, .'¦ or
elsewhere; or for any' wheat whatsoever;, and
whereas In truth • and In '. fact ' the "said ware-
DID NOT. OWN WHEAT.
•were thenand there good and valid warehouse
receipts - for the said wheat alleged to be de
posited and stored in said warehouse of the
said , Pacific Coast Warehouse Company and
that the, said receipts entitled the said Jacob
Kpplnger, Herman Eppinger and Bernard Et
tllnger, co-partners aforesaid, or their endorsee
or assignee, to the Immediate possession and
control- of the said wheat hereinbefore and in
eald receipts described and that then and there
the transfer and 1 delivery of the aaid receipts
to the said. International. Banking Corporation
Indorsed under and by the firm name and style
of Eppinger & Co., aforesaid, conveyed to the
said International 'Banking Corporation the
right to the control and possession cf the said
wheat aforesaid. ' .' ,. ¦"
W. W. TOPPING, Acting Secretary.
Indorsed Eppinger & Co.
Loss by fire and elements at owners* risk.
For the Pacific Coast Warehouse .Company,
J. EPPINGER, Vice President.
Received at Port Costa in Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company's warehouse No. | 1,
G'way No. 3, ex cars, the following merchan
dise on storage for account of Eppinger & Co. :
Lot No. E. 694, 3C21 sacks; weight, 495,820
pounds. -i
Thlrty-slx hundred -and twenty-one sacks
•wheat weighing four hundred and ninety-five,
thousand eight hundred and twenty-six pounds.
This receipt must be surrendered and storage
paid before delivery -of above goods will be
made. Storage per month, 25c per ton.
For season ending 1st June, 100.., $ per
ton.
Pacific Coast Warehouse Company,
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 2, 1002,
No. 4132.
Loss by fire and elements at owners' risk.
For the Pacific Coast Warehouse Company.
HERMAN EPPINGER. President.-
W. W.. TOPPING, Acting Secretary.
Indorsed Eppinger & Co.
This receipt must be surrendered and storage
paid before delivery of above roods will be
made. Storaee per month, 25c per ton.
For season ending lrt June, 100... $ per
ton. ¦• . - ;
Received at Port Costa in Pacific Coast
"Warehouse Company's, warehouse No. 4,
G'way No. B. ex , the following merchan
dise on storage for account of Eppinger & Co. :
Lot No. E. 708, 1415 sacks; .weight, 200,000
pounds. :
Description — Fourteen hundred and fifteen
sacks wheat weighing two hundred thousand
pounds.
Storage commences on Dec. 8, 1002.
No. —
P.-C.-W. Co.
Pacific Coast Warehouse Company,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Dec. 2, 1902.
No. 4220.
For the Pacific Coast Warehouse Company.
HERMAN EPPINGER, President.
W. "W. TOPPING, Actine Secretary.
Indorsed Epplnger & Co.
Loss by fire and elements at owners' -risk,
This receipt must be surrendered and stor
age paid before delivery of above goods will
be- made. Storage per month, 25c per ton. . "
For season ending 1st June, I'M.., $ per
ton.
WAREHOUSE RECEIPTS.
Pacific Coast Warehouse Company,
- • SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. 2. 1902.
No. 422S.
Received at Port Costa In Pacific Coast
Warehouse Company's warehouse No. 4,
O'way No. B. ex , the following merchan
dise on storage for account of Eppinger & Co.:
Lot No. E. 707, 1413 sacks; weight, 200,000
pounds.
Description— Fourteen hundred and thirteen
sacks wheat weighing two hundred thousand
pounds?
Storage commences on Dec. 8. 1902.
No. —
P. C. W. Co.
The indictment is as follows:
GRAND % JURY'S INDICTMENT.
The people of the State of California against
Jacob Eppinger.
In the Superior Court of the city and
County of San Francisco, State of. Calitornla,
the 17th day of July. A. D. 100.1.
Jacob Eppinger ia accused by the Grand Jury
of the said city and county of San Francisco
by this indictment of the crime of felony, to
wlt: obtaining money by false pretenses, com
mitted as follows: The said Jacob Eppinger
on the Hth day of April. A. D. 1903. at the
Bald city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, then and there intending and
devising by unlawful ways and means and by
false and fraudulent pretenses and representa
tions to obtain..and get into his possession. and
custody the goods and personal property and
moneys, of the. International Banking Corpora
tion, a corporation duly and repulariy organized
and incorporated under and by virtue of the
laws -of the State of . Connecticut and .doinx
business in the said city and county of San
Francisco, with intent to cheat and defraud,
and thereby then and there to cheat and de
fraud said International Banking Corporation
of the same, did then and there willfully, un
lawfully, knowingly and designedly, falsely,
feloniously and fraudulently pretend and rep
resent to the said International Banking: Cor
poration, -and to .one F. E: Beck; •'' yiho was
then and there the ncent, servant an'd man
ager of . the said International' Banking- Cor
poration, that said Jacob- KpplriRer 'and Her
man Eppinger and Bernhard Ettlinger, co
partners, doing bjisjness in. tie said city and
county of San Francisco under, and by the firm
name and etyle of Eppinger & Co., were then
and there the owners of the following-described
personal property, located at the town of
Crockett, State of California, In the warehouse
of the Pacific j Coast Warehouse Company,
namely, 1413 sacks of. wheat of the weight of
200,000 pounds, designated In said warehouse
as lot No. E. 707; 1415 sacks of wheat of the
weight of 200.000 pounds, designated In said
warehouse as lot No. E. 70S: .1021 sacks of
wheat of the weight of 495,826 pounds, desig
nated In said warehouse as lot No. E. f>94, all
of which said wheat is described in the ware
house receipts hereinafter set forth, and that
all of i-aid personal property and goods was
then' and there actually deposited and stored
In said warehouse, and that the following ware.
house receipts, namely:
"In the matter of the People vs. Jacob
Eppinger, a bond has been given for $10,
000, and I ask that an order of release be
made."
Judge Murasky made the order and Ja
cob Eppinger left- the courtroom. ¦
Judge Murasky then informed the at
torney that there was only one indictment
and that was against Jacob Eppinger.
The latter stood up before the Judge,
while his brother bowed his head in
silence. Mr. Laumeister and Mr. Franks
came forward and swore to -the bonds
that had been prepared by Mr. Acn and
when this formality had been concluded,
Ach said:
Ach then turned to the bailiff and said:
"Mr. Sheriff, I surrender them into your
custody."
Judge Murasky informed the members
of the Grand Jury that they were ex
cused and they filed out of the room and
returned to their meeting place to finish
other business.
"The procedure is to have a bench war
rant issue when an Indictment is. re
turned," interrupted the District^ Attor
ney.- • -..:..
"The usual procedure can be waived."
paid Ach. "There is no need of a bench
warrant being issued, as my clients are
in court."
"I will accept the. District Attorney's
suggestion and fix the bail at $10,000,"
calmly replied Judge Murasky.
Attorney Ach then turned around and
called his clients to the bar and Jacob
Eppinger and his brother, Herman, walked
toward the bench in an expectant man
ner. -
EPPINGERS AT THE BAR.
Ach, In an apologetic voice, asked leave
to be heard. He spoke as follows:
"If your Honor please, I know It is
not common for attorneys , to t appear at
this time, but by reason of the publica
tions in the press and by reason of
knowledge possessed by every one, I am
aware that indictments have been brought
against. Jacob and Herman Eppinger. I
desire to state to the court that I am one
of the attorneys, for the Eppingers. /If
they be the ones reported to the court, I
desire to say that these, gentlemen are
old gentlemen, and are not physically
well. I told them to be here at this time
in order to surrender themselves into cus
stody. They are ready to^ do so, if they
have been indicted at this time. I state
this because Udesire that they be not
taken into custody at a late hour of the
night, because ' they are not in a condi
tion to stand It. I therefore wish to sur
render them into the custody of jthe of
ficers of this court."
— ? —
Collection of Minerals
for World's Fair
Is Begun.
Gilbert Palache, Senior Member of the Firm
of Newhall & Company, Dies as Result
tv- of Injuries He Received Some Time Ago
Prominent Politician Is a Victim of Heart
Failure— Is Attacked by Malady While
..Engaged in Internal Revenue Office
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
GETTING ORES
FOR ST. LOUIS
EXTREME PRICES
FOR OSCULATION
AGED MERCHANT, AFTER A LONG
ILLNESS, ANSWERS FINAL CALL
SENATOR GEORGE H. WILLIAMS
DIES SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME
Grand Jury's
Indictment of
Jacob Eppinger
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903
0 . 1 .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I^^. I .. H .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. H^ H^. #
Grass Valley, have been destroyed. by fire.
In Shasta County the two smelters in
operation are trea.tlng 25,000 tons of. cop
per ore per month, the Mountain Copper
Company at Keswick 20,000 # tons and the
Bully Hill Company at De Lamar 5000
tons. The De Lamar smelter will be en
larged... Besides working its own ore, the
Mountain Copper Company treated ore
from seventy-six shippers in the couaty
during 1902. One other smelter is going
up, the Great Western Company at the
Afterthought group at Bella Vista, and
one other ia proposed at the Balaktala
group at Kennett.
The Nevada County Miner says that the
Gold Canyon quartz mine in Sierra Coun
ty, on the north bank of themiddle Yuba
River, has been sold to a New York syn
dicate. Development of the property will
begin at once under the direction of F
B. Hill of the Oriental mine.
SICKNESS CAUSES INSANITT. — Louis
Chambaut. a French ensraver employed by
Shreve's Jewelry flrm. was committed . to the
State Hospital at N'apa yesterday as the result
of a lingering Illness, which caused Insanity.
2
AGED MERCHANT WHO PASSED
AWAY YESTERDAY AT HIS HOME
IN THIS CITY. •
DE. FIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Health is a magnet which, irresistibly
draws the man to the woman in life's mat*
ing time. A great maay women covet
beauty .and are constantly seeking means
to beautify themselves. Let a woman first
eeek perfect be&lth.
There can be no general good health for
women while there is disease of the deli-
cate womanly organism.
RBWARD
22SiS-^L P 01 * WOHEN
' " WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
" Backed tip by over a third of a century
of Teciarkable and uniform ceres, a record
such as no. other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
xnoney of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
m:s, or Falling: of Womb which they can-
oot cere. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure. :>,-; ¦"-¦¦
•I.n«ed four bottles of your 'Favorite Pre-
scription ' and one of ' Golden Medical ¦ Discov-
ery,' " write* Mrs. Elmer D. Shearer, of Mount-
hope, Lancaster Co.. Pa., "and can say that I am
cored t>f that dreaded disease, uterine tremble.
Ao in better health than ever before. Every-
one who knows me is surprised to see me look
60 well. . In Jnn? I was so poor in health that
at time* I could not walk. To-day I am cured.
I tell everybody that Dr. Pierce's medicines
cared me." . ...
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is sent/r« en receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send 31
one-cent stamps for the cloth-bound volume.
Address World's Dispensary Medical A&&O*
cution. Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y. .:.\ :-,
ADVSBTISEME1TT3.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will* make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study. , ¦;-
Highland Cattle is by -that
celebrated Scotch! artist,' WIL-
LIAM WATSON.Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and ~ everybody V can f ha've" ¦'them : nicely
framed if they! will lef us do the framing.'
New, moldings. 'new mat; boards- and. bind,
ing papers Just received. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street «^
Pictures and Frames.
HONOLULU, July 17.— The Territory of
Hawaii has appropriated $30,000 for an ex
hibit- at ; the St. » Louis exposition. Itls
understood- that vigorous objections have
been made to hula-hula danctng and other
similar ; displays. ' Preparations, have,
therefore, been made for showing, in an
attractive^ manner,' the resources of ,tne
Hawaiian Islands. Committees have been
Appointed Twith this end. In view and they
wiH devote their energies to preparing
and sending. to St. Louis suitable exhibi
tions .covering the historic, agriculture.
mercantile ; and : educational interests of
Hawaii. : It Is promsed" that the showing
will Xbe "a [surprise to visitors . to the
•world's exposition.
WILL * SEND : NO HULA-HULA
I DANCERS TO ST. LOUIS FAIR
CLIFTON SPRINGS.- N. Y.. July 17.—
Albert Finch, a retired .banker of New
York, whose country home is at Green
ville. Oran£e Gountyi committed suicide
by hanging. He had " suffered for some
time from despondency and was being
treated in a sanitarium here.'
Retired Banker Hangs Himself. ~"
SACRAMENTO MERCHANTS
HOLD IMPORTANT MEETING
SACRAMENTO. July 17.— A seneral
meeting of the business people of this
city was held this evening for the pur
pose of taking steps toward assisting the
State Agricultural Society and to promote
the success of the coming State fair. The
meeting was an enthusiastic one, and the
plan of action was referred to the exhibit
committee of the Chamber of Commerce
and the State conventions committee. In
dications point to a successful fair, this
year, and every assistance will be given
the State Society to place itself on a flrnr
financial footing and enable it to pay its
past debts and the extra expenses of tfie
fair of this year.
Woman Brinks Carbolic Acid.
REDDING, July 17.— A young woman
who arrived here recently from Marys
ville with David Potts, whom she claimed
to be her husband, was found dead in her
room to-day. She had taken carbolic acid.
No motive for the suicide can be learned
beyond that she may have feared she
was deserted/ as Potts had left town, pre
sumably for Copley, this county, to get
work.
Fire Destroys Texas Hotel.
BEAUMONT. Tex.. July 17.— Fire to-day
destroyed the Sabine Hotel and Natator
ium at Port Arthur. The building: was
the property of the Port Arthur Town
iite Company. Loss, (100,000; partly ln
mrrd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 17.— Rural free
delivery, to be /established September 1: Cali
fornia— Lemoore, - Kings County, one carrier;
-Tulare, Tulare County, one carrier. , Washing
ton-f-Eilensburi?,: Kit^ita's -County, one carrier.
Rural letter-carriers, appointed: California^—
Gllroy, George C. , White, substitute John ¦ K
Whlte;Santa Clara. . Harold. H.^ Slavens nub'
Btltute Henry H. Slavens. Oregon— Hood River
Harry H. Bailey and, John R. Kinsey, substi
tutes H. H. Bailey andVernon L. Everettc
* Fourth-class I postmasters % appointed: ) Cali
fornia— Lakeside, San Diego. County, Don For
ney, vice > Johnson 8.; Neale, resigned; Mont
peller. Stanislaus County. ;J.- R. > Klnser vice
Joneph H. Qulsley. . resigned- Oregon— Blalne
Tillamook County.' Anna. J. Howser,. vice Ja me-
Patterson, resigned: Logan.^ Clackamas Countv"
Klizab»th Brdwn, 'vice James H. Brown dead'
Wren. Benton County. v Scott King, vice Thoma»
D. Hufft. resigned. A poetofflce has been i"
tablished at Mule, Harney. County., Oregon
with Lucy R. Mahon .as poetmaeter. ... -• '
Watkln H. -Parry has been commissioned as
postmaster at Tonasket; Wash. .'.,.
Civil service examinations for various Gov
ernment positions "'will be 'held In California
as follows:\ Eureka,' October 7; .Fresno, ;Oc
tober 17; v Fre»no," October 21: Lob Angeles Oc
tober 1 19: Los Angeles.^ October 21 ; Marygvllle
October 21; Redding., October 13: Sacramento'
October 12: San Diego; October '7; San I Fran
cisco, October 15; -San. Franci«co,\ October 21*
Santa Barbara, October 7.'
Rural Delivery Routes. Established
in Washington and California!
: i'5 Civil Service Examinations.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE '.
? r OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SOLEDAD. Venezuela, July 17.— The
ermistice arranged between General
Gomez, commanding the troops of the
Venezuelan Government, and the revolu
tionary forces at Ciudad Bolivar, com
manded by General Rolando, which was
to have expired at midnight to-day, has
hrtn extended until midnight Monday.
The United States gunboat Bancroft
parsed Ciudad Bolivar to-day.
TROOPS IN VENEZUELA
EXTEND THE ARMISTICE
Gomez and Rolando Agree to Refrain
From Battle for a
Time.
SACRAMENTO, July 17.— Acting on in
structions from jj the Grand Jury .District
Attorney Seymour to-day called the at
tention of the Sheriff of. this county and
Chief of. Police Sullivan to the State law
against nlckel-ln-the-slot machines, wllh
the result that as. far as the city is con
cerned every solt machine was turned io
the wall to-night. This order has partic
ular bearing upon the clgar-paylng ma
chines, as the money-paying contrivances
have not been In operation for a .year or
more. . The Sheriff .will seek legal advice
before taking action.
District Attorney of Sacramento Calls
Attention of Authorities to Vio
lation of State Law.
STARTS FIGHT AGAINST
NICKEL SLOT MACHINES
Judge Church at the close of the testi
mony stated that while tHe father was
the natural guardian of the son. the In
terests of; the son should be considered,
and he believed from the testimony that
Henry Seller was totally unfit to be the
boy's guardian. He therefore freed the
boy from his father and appointed J. E.
Plle'gard his guardian.
FRESNO, July 17^-Peter Seller.' aged
18 years, young, ambitious, but unable
even to read or write anything save his
own name, wan to-day by his own ap
plication released in the Superior Court
from the guardianship of an idle father
who for vears has made the boy his ab
ject slave." Henry Seller, the father, is
a man in the prime of life, strong and
healthy, but for yeats he has not worked,
living entirely off the earnings of his
children and spending most of his time
idling about the saloons In the city.
Young Peter has had profitable employ
ment in a bottling works, drawing a sal
ary of $75 a month. But not a cent of
it has he seen, his father collecting the
money every payday and responding to
his requests for part of It with blows and
curses. Peter, too, has been ambitious
to learn to read and write, other boys
often ridiculing him for his ignorance.
But his father has refused to let him
go to school, or even -to let him study
for himself. Recently the boy was turned
out of doors by his father and went to
a boarding-house, but when payday cam«
the father 'appeared as usual and took
*the money and refused to give the son
even enough to pay his board bill.
A sister of young Peter testified to-day
in his behalf. She told her own story,
worse- even than' Peter's, stating that
on account of her father's drunkenness
and brutality: she had left home, taking
with her her little baby brother, an in
valid, who was, dying at home because of
want of proper attention. - ;
Special Dispatch to The Call
The lumber: train had been delayed by
several of the cars breaking away on two
different grades. The last break oc
curred Just after the tunnel had been
passed. . The . keeper was sent Into the
EUREKA. July 17.— The passenger train
of the San Francisco and Northwestern
Railroad collided this morning with a
lumber train a short distance this side of
the Loleta tunnel. No one was seriously
Injured. - The' passenger engine was badly
wrecked and three lumber cars were tel
escoped. v ; • • . .J'C-X-
Special Dispatch to The Call
Passenger Engine Runs
Into Lumber Laden
Freight Cars.
Squanders Earnings of
Son and Drives Him
Prom Home.
tunnel with a lantern to warn the p«g»
renger train, but the smoke was so don^j
that the light was not seen until the pas
senger train was within fifty feet of the
lumber cars. 'Engineer Tuft quickly re _
versed the engine and put on the air
brakes. He narrowly escaped death from
the timber ends which crashed through
his engine when the lumber car was
struck, but his quick action in applying
the brakes saved the lives of many pas
sengers. The regular freight which was
coming along behind the passenger train
was flagged in time to prevent a second
collision.
LOS July 17.— A telegram
was* received to-day from City Treasurer
Workman, who is at Sacramento, stating
that he had delivered the school bonds to
the State and received W80.00O and ac
crued Interest, {2300, and deposited the
whole amount with the Los Angeles Trust
Company. The $180,000 school bond issue is
for the purpose of building schoolhouses
in Los Angeles to provide for the in
creased population.
State Receives the School Bonds.
The petition eets forth the default in
payment of interest charges due early in
July. The petition may be filed with
any United States District Court, and a
day will then be fixed by arsumeut by
counsel for and against the allowance of
tbe foreclosure. Receiver James Smith
will open the suit. The order permitting
the fil'mr the petition has been antici
pated by counsel representing the receiver
and the legal battle to prevent the fore
closure when it takes place will be of a
fcensational nature.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Judge Kirkpat
rick, sitting in the United States -District
Court, signed an order on application of
counsel representing the Mercantile
Trust Company of New York, permitting
that corporation to foreclose the J16.000.000
mortgage of the United States Shipbuild
ing Company held by it as trustee for
bondholders.
$16,000,000 MORTGAGE
MAY NOW BE FORECLOSED
Jud^e Kirkpatrick Gives Necessary
Permission to Mercantile Trust
Company of New York.
Supplier, of cotton goods in first hands
are low and there is no effort to make
spot sales. As supplies diminish there is
a corresponding stiffening of quotations.
Mills are steadily curtailing production,
both here and abroad. New lightweight
wools are being opened with fair results
only. \
Unsettled conditions still exist in forge
and foundry pig iron markets, while Bes
semer iron is only barely steady.
Conditions continue satisfactorj-, many
reports indicating further improvement.
During recent months the two disturbing
factors have been labor controversies and
weather conditions, but each week has
brought better thlngn Iti these two re
spects, until the outlook contains much
that is encouraging. Crops are making
rapid progress and the army of unem
ployed is diminishing. Railway earnings
thus far reported for July exceed last
year's by 13.6 per cent. Retail trade in
seasonable merchandise is fully up to the
average and there is less than the cus
tomary midsummer quiet among whole
salers, while the positions of Jobbers and
manufacturers indicate a large business
in fall trade.
Business failures number 173 against
154 last week; 174 In the like week of 1902*
208 In 1901; 202 in 1500 and 178 in 1899. In
Canada for the week 13, as against 19 for
this week a year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co's. weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say; ¦
Wheat, including flour, exports for the
week ending July 16 aggregate 3,652,784
bushels, against 2.380,410 last week; 3,775,
222 this week last year: 5,221.880 in 1901
and 3,020,381 in 1900. For two weeks of
the cereal year the aggregate i3 6,033,194
bushels, against 8.179,337 in 1902; 10,238 029
in 1901 and 7,859,291 in 1900.
Well-nigh perfect summer weather
helps crops. Increases fall trade and stim
ulates rai!road summer resort business.
Lower prices for many staples are really
an encouraging development. The pres
ent railway business is the largest eWr
handled during the midsummer period.
The salient features in trade reports this
week are the better tone of trade advices
from the Southwest, where the feeling
grows that a large business will be done.
The wool market is strong with more
doing both in the raw material and in the
manufactured product.
The iron trade is quieter on the sur
face, but production and consumption are
alike active, though pressure of the lat
ter tends to ease in quotations for iron
and steel. Tin and copper are weak and
lower on larger shipments in the case of
the former and an alleged overproduc
tion in the case of the latter.
NEW YORK, Julj' 17.-Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:
LOS ANGELES. July 17.— Arthur W.
Orr, secretary of the Southern California
Printing Company, fell from a high bluff
in Palolma Canyon, near San Fernando,
to-day and was killed. Orr. together
with several other Los Angeles men. were
on a hunting-trip. No one saw the acci
dent, but the body was found several
hours afterward. Orr leaves a young
wife.
Falls From High Bluff and Is Killed.
TRAINS COLLIDE
NEAR A TUNNEL
martial. « /
Suspicions of a; widespread conspiracy
against the dynasty have been enter
tained for." some time, tne instigators be
ing officers who were cashiered some time
ago. Other regiments are said to be af
fected. ¦-"
FATHER PROVES
UNFIT GUARDIAN
fantry have been arrested on the
charge of conspiring against King
Charles. They will be tried by court-
B~— -^ ERLIN, July 1".— A dispatch to
the Cologne Gazette from Lis
bon says that a number of offi
cers of the Sixth Portuguese In-
As at ' uresent out-ned, it is proposed
to cut a canal to separate the 'district
from the mainland and thus relieve It
from the rainwater which is a drawback
and source of trouble under the present
system. In addition to this plan powerful
pumps will also be .installed. Realizing
the advantages and benefits that will ac
crue from the proposed reclamation many
of the owners have signed for the sale
of their lands at a sacrifice to stimulate
the . enterprise. A representative of the
syndicate, William Hayford, has spent
much time In. Rio Vista attending to mat
ters, in connection with the bonding of
the lands. He is a member of the firm
of Sisson, Crocker & Co., interested par
ties in the undertaking. The name of
United States Marshal Franks is also
mentioned. as being among those forming
the syndicate.
SUISUN, July 17.-A' syndicate of Cali
fornia capitalists has bonded a large tract
of land in the Rio Vista district with a
view to reclaiming the same. The land,
with the exception of two parcels, is In
the Egbert district and some lowlands ad
jacent thereto, and consists of about 10,000
acres. It is stated that the syndicate pro
poses to expend Jl.OOu.OOO if necessary to
reclaim the land. The bonds expire Jan
uary 1, 1904. and it is surmised the work
will commence in the near future.
Crops Promise Well and
Pall Trade Shows
an Increase.
• %
EUROPEAN RULER WHO HAS ORDERED THE ARREST OF A NUM
BER OF HIS ARMY OFFICERS. WHO ARE SUSPECTED OF PLAN
NING THE OVERTHROW OF HIS DYNASTY. •
Large Tract in the Rio
Vista District J3 '
Bonded.
FINE WEATHER
HELPS BUSINESS
AN OFFICER WELL KNOWN
LOCALLY WHO IS SLATED
FOR PROMOTION. . -
LOS ANGELES, JulyO?.— Norman M.
Melrose was to-night acquitted of the
charge of murdering W. H. Broome at
Acton. Los Angeles County. last Septem
ber. This was the second trial, the jury
in the first trial failing to agree. The
case was given into the hands of the
jury late this evening and after thirty
minutes' deliberation a verdict of "not
guilty" was returned. Two jurors voted
for conviction on the first two ballots,
but on the third ballot' the verdict was
found.
The case has aroused a great deal of
local Interest owing to the political prom
inence of Melrose and the usual and bit
ter feud that had existed between Broome
and Melrose. Broome came upon Melrose
in the streets of Acton one day last fall
and renewed the fight that had been on
between them for a long time. Broqme
had a shotgun. Melrose shot Broome sev
eral times with a revolver, killing him.
The difficulty of securing the liens upon
land having passed, the water users are
now practically united and confident of
eucccss.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. July 17.— The first im
portant step in the movement to secure
the building- of the Tonto storage reser
voir, under the provisions of the Hans
brough-Newlands Irrigation act, was
completed to-day. This step, which is
jircbably the most difficult that will be
met with in the project, consisted in exe
cuting liens to the Salt River Valley Wa
ter Users' Association on every "acre of
land to be irrigated. Each acre, up to the
limit of 169, will represent one share of
Ftock in the association, which, in turn,
will contract to pay back to the Govern
ment within ton years the construction
cost of the reservoir. The subscription
books closed to-night. The total acreage
tinned is 195,<»;i. with some contracts yet
to be received by mail.
The Secretary of the Interior will decide
upon the area to be irrigated, as his rep
resentatives have announced that the
stored water supply will be sufficient to
water not to exceed 1SO.OO0 acres. From
th*> area subscribed the Secretary will se
tect the most desirable tracts within the
Jiir.it of supply. It Is purposed to develop
electric power at the dam. thus furnish
ing means for pumping water to lands not
irrigated by the Tonto reservoir.
The next step will be the drawing up of
a contract between the Federal Govern
ment and the Water Users' Association
and its adoption by the corporation. This
will provide for a governing board and
executive officers, chosen by ballot of the
stockholders. The Secretary of the In
terior will pass upon all matters of policy,
thus protecting the rights of Individual
water users.
Jury in Melrose Case
Returns Verdict of
Acquittal.
Tonto Storage Reservoir
Scheme Is Being
Perfected.
"Colonel C. C Carr, Fourth Cavalry,
to be brigadier general and retired in
Eervice."
"By the direction of the President you
will prepare commissions' for the pro
motion and retirement of the following
officers, with the understanding that each
has applied for retirement and comes
within the provisions of the" bill that
passed the Senate of the United States
at its last session, namely, that each
served creditably during the Civil War, for
not less than one year, and has a total
service of' not less than thirty-five years:
"John H. Page, Third Infantry; Wil
liam Haskin, Artillery Corps; Charles W.
Miner. Sixth Infantry; James M. J. San
no, Eighteenth Infantry; Ciiarles F.
Robe, Ninth Infantry: Edward B. At
wood. Quartermaster's Department; John
Simpson, Quartermaster's Department;
Frank G. Smith. Artillery Corps; George
B. Rodney. Artillery Corps; A!mond B.
Wells, First Cavalry; John B. Babcock,
Assistant Adjutant General; Charles A.
Coolidee, Seventh Infantry; Her.ry Lip
pingcott, Medical Department*: Cvrus R.
Roberts. Second Infantry; JV Millson
Thompson. Twenty-third Infantry; Carl
A. Woodruff. Artillery Corps; Cavid H.
Kinsey. Artillery Corps; John L. Tiernon,
Artillery Corps; James Miller, Twenty
second Infantry; David J. Cragie, Elev
enth Infantry: Alphcus H. IVjwman,
Twenty-fifth Infantry: Edmund Rice,
Nineteenth Infantry; Charles G. Penny,
Twenty-ninth Infantry: Jesse C. Chance,
Fourth Infantry: Theodore F. Forbes,
Twenty-seventh Infantry; Daniel D.
Wheeler. Quartermaster's Department;
James I* Cooper, Fifth -Cavalry; James
W. Really. Ordnance Department; John
A. Kress. Ordnance Department* Calvin
Dcwitt, Medical Department; Peter J.
Clear}-. Medical Department: Leon A.
Mutlle. Twenty-fourth Infantry; Charles
A. Woodruff, Assistant Commissary Gen
eral.
WJASHINGTON. D. O., July 17.
— In order that speculation
regarding promotion of Briga
dier-General Leonard Wood
might be set at rest the War
Department, acting under instructions
received from the President lo-day an
nounced that this young officer would
be made a major general upon the re
tirement on August 8 next of Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles and the conse
quent promotion to lieutenant generdl of
Major General S. B. M. Youns.
Although officers of the army are not
Inclined to approve the sudden rise of
General Wood his latest promotion to be
major general is admitted to have been
but the natural course of events. The
only brigadier general on the list who
is senior to General Wood is General S.
S. Sumner, who by order of the Presi
dent fills the vacancy in the grade of
major general, caused on July 26 by the
retirement for age of Major General
George W. Davis. It is held at the War
Department that General Wood is en
titled to the next vacancy in the higher
grade which occurs upon the retirement
in Ausust of Lieutenant Genera! Miles.
The President has decided upon the pro
motion of thirty-three colonels who
served in the Civil War with the under
standing that each v.ill retire upon his
own application" Immediately after re- 1
ceivlng his promotion. Final appoint
ment will be given to Colonel C. C.
Carr of the Fourth Cavalry, who, when
promoted, will be assigned io duty as
commandant of the artillery and cavalry
school at Fort Riley. Kan.
Secretary Root to-day sent the follow
ing memorandum to the Adjutant Gen
eral for the promotion of colontls to be
brigadier generals and their retirement
with that rank:
FINDS KILLING
WAS JUSTIFIABLE
Lopez Is accused of assault with a
deadly weapon, the crime having been
committed during a fight on the Walker
ranch, near this city. Lopez went to an
Indian camp with a large Jug of fiery
liquor, and was welcomed. When the
liquor had been consumed the fighting
began, and it terminated, it is alleged,
by Lopez plunging a knife-blade Into
his father-in-law's side.
SANTA ROSA. July 17. — After having
been traced several miles and being
shot at twice. Joan Lopez, a Chilean.
sought shelter In some underbrush last
night and waited for the oQcers to place
handcuffs on him. Ha nad escaped from
a peace officer at Sebastopol the pre
vious evening by swimming th« laguna
at that place, and later sought to escape
from Officer John M. Boyes and Con
stable Sam Gilliam by flight. The of
ficers called on Lopez to halt and when
he paid no heed to their warning they
drew their revolvers and shot at him.
Lopez declares the bullets whizzed
close to his head, and he feared he was
going to be killed. After being landed
at the station-house he told of the pur
suit In Sebastopol and thought It a good
Joke that he had eluded the officer.
Lopez stated he remained in the wa
ter for half an hour In sight of the of
ficer, but the latter was unaware of his
presence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALUABLE LANDS
TO BE RECLAIMED
Upon further interrogation Perry admit
ted that the paper was destroyed in his
presence after. the signing of the deeds
of gift.
"Did you ever see a will?" . ;
"No. I cannot say I saw* a will. Mrs.
Ross showed me a package, done up in
brown paper, which she said was a will.
I went with her when she put the pack
age in the San Francisco Savings Union."
"When did you see it again?"
"I saw it, I think, about two weeks
later while at Mrs. Ross' house."
"Did you ever hear the contents of that
documenj?"
"No, I did not."
Witness Perry was then recalled and
testified that he saw the deeds of gift
signed.
"When were they signed?" was asked.
"April 24. 1901." replied the witness. .
At this juncture Attorney Newb'.irg
stated to the court that in every instance
where Mrs. Ross signed her name before
February 15, a scroll or rublco appeared,
but subsequent to that date there were
no papers bearing this identifying, mark.
The deeds of gift were not sighed in her
customary way.
Young Makin was then shown the deeds
of gift and y&nsfer deed, bearing Mrs.
Ross' signature, and asked if the writing
resembled that of his grandparent.
"Yes, it looks Hke her handwriting," re
plied Makin, "but it Is not like her sig
nature."'
SAN RAFAEL. July 17.— The trial of
the Ross-Worn case was resumed to-day
in the Superior Court. The trial has oc
cupied the attention of Judge Lawlor of
San Francisco for three weeks, and judg
ing from present prospects many more
days will be consumed in taking ; testi
mony. ' .
D. ,E. Perry, who was the first witness
called to-day, was questioned as to his
business relations with -Mrs. Anna S.
Ross.. He testified that he had acted as
her, finarflrffl adviser. •
Robert Ross Makin, the grandson of
Mrs.. Ross, was then called to the 3tand
to identify the signatures, to certain pa
pers purporting to have been signed by
his grandmother. He identified the signa
tures by a peculiar dotting of the letter
"i # ; in Annie and a period after the ini
tial "S."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plaintiff Attacks , Qenuine
• ness of Signature to the
-Gift Deeds. -
Escaping Knife Wielder Gives
Santa Rosa Officers Long
Chase.
LIENS ARE GIVEN
UPON THE LANDS
ed to go for four rounds for points with
Miss Haggett, but he sprained his thumb
and his friend. Charles Johnson, the In
dianapolis pugilist, was induced to take
his place.
Johnson 1? a very clever boxer, but he
underrated his antagonist and was in
clined to "be easy" with her. Miss Hag
gett went at him hammer and tongs. In
the third round she planted a hard one
or. his windpipe. He grunted. The blow
dazed him for a moment, when the girl,
peeing her advantage, followed it up
quickly with a left on the chin and a
right to his jugular and the point of the
jaw. Johnson sank like a rag to the
floor. Miss Haggett screamed, for she
nad never seen any one go down like
that. It was more than two minutes be
fore Johnson regained consciousness, but
he has been very sore all day from the
TOLEDO. Ohio. July IT.— A private en
tertainment to a few invited guests was
piven last night at the Hapicrett home in
this city. Miss Minnie Haggett had been
taking private boxing lessons of Profes
sor Fred Brown, a well known boxing In
structor and ex-pugilist. He had expect-
Does the Trick With Right
and Left to Jaw and
Then Screams.
Toledo Girl Knocks Out
Prize-Fighter in the
Third Round.
Bullets Whizzing Close
to His Head Cause
Him to Drop.
Interesting ; Testimony
Brought \ Out in the
Ross- Worn Suit.
PERRY SAYS WILL
WAS DESTROYED
FEMININE FIST
DROPS PUGILIST
REVOLVER SHOTS
STOP FUGITIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATURDAY, .JULY 18, .1903^
Officers of the: Sixth Portuguese Infantry
Charged With Conspiracy ,' to Kill King
Charles — Other Regiments- Are Suspected
ARMY LIEUTENANTS ARE JAILED
FOR PLOTTING DEATH OF RULER
President Orders General to Pre
pare Commissions for the Promotion and
Retirement of Numerous Army Officers
COLONELS WHO SAW CIVIL WAR
SERVICE WILL RETIRE GENERALS
3
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S ' })*. -
ART SUPPLBMENT.
Framed closely .with three or
four Inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak ,will make a beautiful. pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOT HIS HAIR BACK
\ Was Perfectly Bald When He Started
to Use Newbro's Herpicide.
I Frederick Manuell. Maryland block.
g|r?utt<\ Mont., bought a bottle of Newbro's
pjierpicidp April 6, 1S33. and began to use
E-It for entire- baldness. The hair follicles In
f'liis sra!j» wrre not dead, and in twenty
"idays h* had hair all over hig head. On
- July 2 he writf-s. "and to-day my hair is
I "as thick and luxuriant as any one could
wish." NVwbro'8 Heipiclde works on an
!"iold principle and with a new discovery—
V destroy ihr- cause and you remove the ef-
5fr»ct. H'rpkjdo destroy* the srerm that
¦ causr-s dandruff, falling hair and finally
I baidneFS, tr> that with the cause gone the
B" tfffrct cannot remain. Stops falling hair
at once and a new growth starts. Sold by
Irading drugpists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit.
AliCil.
If you haven't found-out
Schilling's Best, you and
• Schilling losing some
money.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Summer Bowel Troubles
.^j^**w2S3^k and happy. The heat of summer causes
-^sSfr^L organic matter everywhere to decay. All
ia ' dead vegetable or animal matter rots if
jp«jiS»r /1^jjj^^ . V|m not kept on ice. All undigested
BaPl food in the human body will fer-
•Wiili^^^® fi**^) ment a hundred times as quickly in
vhtfsP^^mmv JfrU summer as in winter. Consequence
J — stomach, liver, bowels poisoned,
/ ly thrown out of order — sour stomach,
wJblt?®^' // w gases, colic, diarrhoea, dysentery,
'/ I cholera, appendicitis, and in some
raEBpg* '/* / regions yellow fever and the plague.
\ Little children suffer terribly every-
where. What does good sense tell
\ >' ou to do ? You can'f. keep the hu-
J3fffa|iLpy V^ man body on ice, and the drinking
-0d^jp5?jfl^r of ice-cold drinks docs more harm
/&M*fflyj^ . than good because it stops digestion and chills the
fflBmMly internal organs. The proper thing is /to keen all
impure and unnecessary matter out of the body
Wgr every day. not give it a chance to sour and decay
TT . : ' in'the stomach and bowels, and poison the blood
);^/.^Z ' and the whole body. In this way you will stop all
hot, feverisji conditions, and keep your insides cool and healthy. To
do it, use amedicine that is not offensive to the taste and not harsh and
violent in its action- There is only onesafe system-cleaner to take in the
summer time, because it will not cause diarrhoea or griping, and that is
. *~y^. '' '."*_. '^ a L. B*«t for the Boweli. All draniit*. we. 13c, 50c. Ner«r sold f n bulk.
£1 fiCl/'ilTi 0 flL\ The jenulne tablet stamped C C C. Ouaraoteed to cure or your moa-y
IMVVM/IVVW bmck * Sample and booklet fret. Addreas
y»yinL3P^^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chictjo or Naw York. MiSACRAMENTO, July 17.— Frank Terrell,' a
Southern Pacific shop employe of *thls city,
has been missing from bis home for. two weelu,.
About a week ago he wrote a letter to his
wife in which he informed her she would never
see him strain, as he was going* to throw him
self'into the river. •
Live Oak Circle. Companions of the
Forest - of America, will give a "Happy
Hooligan party" in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' building this evening.
Every male member of this organization
Is to appear as "Happy Hooligan."
Hooligan Party.
With a camera creates a lifelong remem
brance. The photo supply department of
Sanborn & Veil's, 741 Market street, has
everything In the photographic line. •
A Snap
The elephant has a trunk. Have youT
If not. buy one from Leibold Harness Co.,
211 Larkin st. Ten per cent oft for next two
weeks. All goods marked in plain figures.'
Wound Not Fatal.
Carl Irtitx died in the German Hospital
yesterday morning of heart failure. On
the preceding evening he gashed his
throat slightly with a Jackknife with t>ul
ddal intent, but inflicted only slight in
jury. Lutz had been an inmate of the
Altenheim In Oakland before going to the
German Hospital. He was a native of
Germany, a*ed 60 yean.
To Sausalito. Mill Valley. Ross and San Ra
fael. Fare. 2&c to 00c round trip. Ferry
departs (North Shore R. R.) at 7. 8, 8. 10. 11,
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. 1:30. 2:35. 3:50. 5:00 6:00,
7:30 8:00. 11:45 p. m. Arrive* at 7:30. 8:<5.
8:15. 10:«. 11:15 a. m.. 12:00. 12:50. 1:55.
3:30. 4:35. 5:45. 7:00. 8:O0. 8:45. 11:30 p m. •
Pleasant Sunday Trip
J. A. Reid, a director of the Monterey
Gold Mining Company, filed an affidavit
yesterday in which he accuses W. E. von
Johannsen, secretary of the company, of
making false and fraudulent entries in
the minutes of the meeting of the direc
tors held last January. He asks. that the
secretary be cited to appear and 'show
cause why he should not be removed,
and to compel him to make >: the 'minutes
read properly. There ste several ". suits
pending against Von Johannsen in which
charges of fraud are made. They, were
brought by the directors of the company
and are for the recovery of money. >
Says Mirutes Were Falsified.
She was a patient in the German .Hos
pital and became temporarily, deranged,
due to her high fever, and while In that
condition escaped from the hospital.
Wandering through the darkened streets
whither her fever-sjricken brain dictated
and protected from the chilling fog by
only the flimsy covering of her night
robe. Miss Ede Levinson was discovered
early yesterday morning on the corner of
Page and Scott streets by a milkman who
was -on his early morning route. She
sought to escape him when "he. approached
and talked wildly when captured. • V *
Summoning the ambulance from the
Central Emergency Hospital, the young
girl's captor had her taken to the hos
pital. The young woman's parents,, at 2415
Buchanan street, were notified and by
them she, was taken away. v
Miss Ede Levinson Found orr Thor
oughfare in Early Morning
Hours Scantily Attired.
WANDEBS THBOUGH DARK
STREETS IN DELIRIUM
The funeral will be under the auspices
of the Grand Army of the Republic, the
Legion of Honor and the Masonic order,
to a'.l of which orders Major Hooper be
longed.
The remains of the late Major William
B. Hooper, who died last Wednesday, will
be Interred at Cypress Lawn Cemetery
next Monday afternoon. The funeral ser
vices will be held from Trinity Episcopal
Church, where the major worshiped for
many years. •¦¦..>;"
Funeral of Late Major William B.
'vf. Hooper to Be Held Mon
day Afternoon. ¦
CYPBESS LAWN WILL BE
FINAL BESTING PLACE
"I Ehould think you wouldn't prose
cute," eaid the Judge, "and you got Just
what you deserved. The charge of as
eault with a deadly weapon will be- dis
missed for lack of prosecution and I will
continue the case of carrying a concealed
weapon till August 3."
Edward Brown, 607 Valencia street, who
attacked Frank G. Seiberlich with a
wheel spoke at California and Koarny
streets on Thursday night because Sei
berlich had been clandestinely meeting
Mrs. Brown, appeared before Police Judge
Conlan yesterday on charges of assault
with a deadly weapon and carrying a
concealed weapon. A loaded revolver was
found in bis pocket when searched by
Policeman Riehl at the City Prison.
Eeiberlich was able to be in court and
he showed the effects of the blows on his
head. When the cases were called he
declined to prosecute Brown, admitting
that he had been meeting Mrs. Brown.
Admits in Court That He Was in
the Habit of Meeting Mrs.
Brown.
SEIBEBLICH BEFUSES
TO PBOSECTJTE BROWN
The Democrats of the Tntrty-slxth As
sembly District formed a league club last
evening. Following are the permanent of
"ncers of the club: President, John J.
Sheehan; vice president. Senator Ham
nelll; secretary. Isadora Danielwitz;
treasurer, Patrick McDonough; sergeant
at-arms. . A. Phillips. Three hundred
signed the roll.
Democrats Organize.
A permanent Democratic club was or
ganized last night In the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District. - The roll was signed
by 198 voters. The following permanent
officers were elected: President, Eugene
F. Lucy; vice president, P. Farley; secre
tary, Michael Brown; treasurer, Rinaldo
Russell; marshal, J. McCarthy.
Form Permanent Club.
The members of the United Republican
League Club of the Forty-second District
held a most enthusiastic meeting at Sara
toga Hall last evening. President W. S.
Hamilton presided. The executive com
mittee was empowered to receive names
for delegates to the county convention.
Addresses were made by Messrs. Me-
Gowen, William T. Kibbler, Jesse Steln
hart and Beseker. All the speakers eulo
gized the late Senator George H. Wil
liams and the club adjourned out of re
epect to his memory.
Bepublicans Hold Meeting.
The auestion of the right of the Har
ders-Berger faction of the Union Labor
party to a place on the ticket at the
coming primary was the subject of a live
ly discussion in Judse Murasky's court
yesterday. It came up on a petition for
a writ of mandate compelling the Board
of Election Commissioners to grant their
petition for a place on the ticket, the
petitioners claiming that theirs is the
bona fide Union Labor party, and that
the Ewell-Aubertlne faction, whose peti
tion had been recognized by the board,
was not the choice of the Labor party.
A partial hearing was had and it was
then continued until this morning.
H. C. McPIke appeared on behalf of
the coterie of politicians headed by Ewell
and Aubertine. He contended that the
court had no Jurisdiction over the Com
missioners, and that therefore the court
could not review their action. He de
murred to the petition on that ground. *
He was answered by Hiram Johnson,
the lecal representative of Harders and
Berger, who were turned down by the
board. Johnson he!d that the board's
powers were ministerial and not judicial
and therefore subject to review by the
court. At this morning's session he will
offer authorities in support of his conten
tion.
There were but two witnesses exam
ined. They were Samuel Berger, secre
tary of the governing committee of the
Union Labor party, which has failed to
secure recognition through the action of
the Commissioners, and Harry. Zemansky.
Chief Deputy Registrar. Berger testified
that the committee he represented was
selected at last year's convention: that
it conducted the campaign for the Union
I^abor party, and was therefore the only
committee empowered to petition for rep
resentation at the coming primary. Ze
mansky's testimony was simply an identi
fication of the petitions filed with Regis
trar Walsh.
The Judge said that he had no authority
to send the defendant for examination as
to his sanity as that was a matter for the
Superior Court. If the defendant was in
sane he should be *in a lunatic asylum
and if he were sane the proper place for
him was in jail. Any man who would
wantonly attack Sisters on the public
streets must either be a lunatic or unfit to
be at large in a respectable community.
After sentence had been passed Attor
ney Low said he would take steps to bring
Selbach before the Insanity Commission
ers for examination.
W r . H. Selbach, the dentist from Co T
lumbus, Ohio, who attacked Sisters Mar
guerite and Lorenzo of the German Do
minican Convent last Tuesday afternoon*
at Market and Third streets, was con
victed by Police Judge Conlan yesterday
on two charges of battery. He was sen
tenced to serve six months in the County
Jail on each charge.
The Sisters have not yet returned to the
city, and Policeman P. X. Herlihy, who
r;as a witness to the attacks and ar
rested the defendant, swore to the com
plaints. Herlihy testified' that he saw
the defendant shove Sister Marguerite,
who fell to the sidewalk, and also tear
the veil from Sister Lorenzo's head.
' Former Judge Low, who represented the
defendant, asked him to take the stand.
Selbach repeated the story he told at the
time of his arrest. He said he got be
tween the Sisters and one of them stepped
on his foot, hurting his corns. He shoved
her aelde and she slipped and fell. At
the same time he put out his other. hand
and accidentally tore off the veil from
the other Sister's head. He denied any in
tention of assaulting them.
Attorney Low made the plea that the
defendant was not in his > right mind and
was therefore not in a condition to be
sentenced. He suggested that the de
fendant be sent before the Insanity Com
missioners.
Rival Factions of Union
Labor Party Seek
Recognition.
W. H. Selbach, Who At
tacked Two Nuns,
Gets Limit.
WILL SPEND ONE
YEAR IN PRISON
Electricity and dropped them with a
unanimous vote: D. Ahem, Frank Wil
son, J. J. Gorman, J. H. Fulton, R. P.
Luce and F. P. Noonan. Parry eaid no
word in defense of the guilty, employes.
The injunction was withdrawn on March
21.
The. commission again announced an ex
amination, this time for March 21. Im
mediately a second injunction was filed
in Judge Sloss' court, with the name of
C. A. Macomber, a mining promoter, as
complainant. It is upon the decision of
this case that Parry hangs his hopes,
for It will come up in the fall calendar
of the Superior Court.
Immediately . upon the Introduction of
this 6uit Parry set the wheels into mo
tion. For many months the question of
charging m. rate for the private alarms
had been his pet hobby in the meetings
of the Department of Electricity. He
again advocated that a recommendation
favoring. the measure be sent to the Su
pervisors.
HECHT CONFIBMS FACTS.
Such was done, and the Supervisors re
ferred it to the Fire Committee, com
posed of R. J. Loughery. Horace Wilson
and John A. Lynch. Parry saw to it
that a favorable report was made and
the ge-ntle offspring of Parry's fertile
brain became a law on April 15.
Marcus Hecht. whose resignation from
the presidency of the Board of Fire Com
missioners on 'June 6 was forced by the
rank rascalities of Parry, confirmed the
story of his former associate's latest graft
when seen at his home last nieht. He
said:
"It Is a significant fact that the sec
ond Injunction was brought against the
Civil Service Commission three weeks be
fore the passage of ordinance No. 638 by
the Supervisors. As a member- of the
Department of Electricity, Parry was in
cessantly advocating this measure until
we passed it in the form of a recommen
dation. He was loud in his protestations
that the Department of Electricity em
ployes were not subject to civil service.
I was expecting just such a move on
his part as that manifested through the
act of the Board of Supervisors In pass
ing this ordinance."
State Prison Director Charles N. Felton
went to Sacramento yesterday forenoon,
had a two hours' consultation with Gov
ernor Pardee during the afternoon and
came back to San Francisco on the even
ing train.* He was asked last night if the
question of electing a Warden for San
Quentln prison to succeed Martin Aguirre
was discussed, and he replied that it was
only incidentally touched upon. He said
the main business discussed related to
two other subjects, but declined to state
what the other subjects were.
He was asked if a selection of a War
den would be made at the meeting of the
board to-day, and he replied that it un
doubtedly would. When asked if he could
name the candidate who would succeed
Aguirre he said, "I cannot, as I do not
know how other Directors feel."'
Replying to the question, "How do you
feel yourself, Senator?" he si.:J:
"Without apy disparagement to the
ability and high character of :he several
aspirants, I feel that by re.vson of his
long experience the appointment of Cap
tain Edgar would be the safest solution
for the present."
The Directors will meet at Mr. Fitzger
ald's office at 10:30 a. m. to-day.
Election of Warden to Succeed Mar
tin Aguirre the Most Im
portant Work.
STATE BOABD OF PBISON
•DIBECTOBS MEETS TO-DAY
"The first person to advise that we ap
peal to the courts was Richard P. Luce.
He was a wireman's helper employed in
the department at the- salary of $90 a
month, although he had not reached his
majority by several years. He is Parry's
nephew and lives with Parry's family.
Upon his instigation we clubbed together
and raised enough money to hire Stephen
V. Costello as our attorney. We then
instituted the injunction .proceedings, with
Mike Barry as complainant.
"All this time Parry was assuring the
Civil Service Commission' that, as a mem
ber of the Department of Electricity, he
would use every endeavor to have us
withdraw our Injunction suit. But
through his mouthpiece. Luce, he was
urging us to stay with it.
"But on February 24 we were summoned
before the Civil Service Commissioners
and put upon our oaths to disclose the
work we had been doing. Parry voted
against us and we were all dropped by
a- unanimous vote."
The minutes of the Civil Service Com
mission bear out Ahern's story of Parry's
double dealing. On February 24 the com
mission, at a secret session, examined the
following employes of the Department of
To gain his ends Parry stopped at noth
ing. His operations cover a. period' of
over nix months. As early as February
H Parry saw an opportunity to lay the
cornerstone of his castle of ambition.
The Civil Service Commission had an
nounced early in the year that a com
petitive" examination would be given to
linemen in the Department of Electricity
on February 14. Of the employes in the
department there were, six malcontents,
who, through an injunction brought into
Judge Hebbard's court under the name
of an ex-saloon-keeper. Michael J. Barry,
contested the right of the Civil Service
Commission to give an examination in
that department.
According to the statement to a Call rep
resentative yesterday by David Ahem of
20 Alvarado street this move was made
at the instigation of Fire Commissioner
Parry. He said:
PLAYS DOUBLE GAME.
its employes are not open to the exami
nations of civil service.
DEMAND PLAGE
ON THE TICKET
There is at present pending in the Su
perior Court an injunction suit, the ad
judication of which will determine wheth
er or not the Department of Electricity
shall be governed by civil service or open
to the Fpoils system of municipal poli
tics. This suit hinges on the question of
whether or not the Department of Elec
tricity can be construed to be other than
a public servant. If the advantages of
fered by the department have to be paid
for directly bj- citizens enjoying them the
ptatus of the department as a public com
modity is thereby shaken.
Trusting to establish this precedent by
the force of his own strategy, facts prove
that Parry hoodwinked a majority of
the Board cf Supervisors into passing or
dinance No. €5* on April 15. thereby mak
ing the owners of private fire alarm sys
tems — by far the largest number of whom
are. firemen— pay a nominal rental for the j
e&m*. in this way he sought to demon
strate that the Department of Electricity I
deals in a public commodity, and hence i
Parry's scheme was a deep laid one.
The betrayal of the Interests of the Fire
Department was only one step toward
the final consummation of the political
coup which Parry relied upon as the key
which should open to his rapacious grasp
the rich field of patronajce in the De
partment of Electricity, now securely
locked under the protecting barriers of
the Civil Service Commission.
SEEKS TO INFLUENCE JUSTICE.
the City Fire Department were not
far from right wfcen they thought they
uv the fine hand of Fire Comn '.asloner
John fl. Parry In the order which went
into effect Thursday compelling a month
ly dole of SI to be paid by all firemen
who ha.ve private alarms In their homes.
Not one-half of the truth did they guess.
Incontrovertible fact* demonstrate conclu
sively that Parry sacrificed the Fire De
partment In the hopes of thereby gain-
Ing an advantage which might feather his
own political nest.
BAX.T>. unvarnished facts brougrht to
ll^ht by further Investigation dis
close the fact that the member* of
Uses Supervisors as
Tools of Ambi
tion. '••
Betrays Firemen to
Serve His Own
Ends.
FACTS have developed which show conclusively that Fire
Commissioner John S. Parry has been pursuing a deep-laid
plot to take the offices of the Department of Electricity out
of the hands of the Civil Service Commission and turn them to
his own private purposes of graft. To accomplish* his ends he
fostered tlie injunctions brought against the commission by em
ployes of the department to prevent the giving of examina
tions. He then endeavored to influence justice by seeking to
have the Supervisors create conditions which would serve as a
guide for Judge Sloss in the second injunction suit.
FIRE COMMISSIONER PARRY PLOTS TO GATHER LUCRATIVE
OFFICES OF DEPARTMENT OF ELECTRICITY INTO HIS HANDS
Fire Commissioners
Hold a Lively
Session.
Parry Waxes Wroth
When Refused
Support.
THE regular weekly meeting of the
Fire Commissioners yesterday aft
ernoon was a lively one. Commis-
sioner Parry had his knife out
from the start, and while he managed to
get in a swipe or two, he wound up with
a round halt when he tried to foist one
of hi3 henchmen, Elmer Hoyt, into' the
position just made vacant by the resigna
tion of Hostler Kendall. Then he waxed
wroth and addressing himself, to Rolla V.
Watt he shouted:
I want you to understand this, and you may
as well understand it now, that what I say
goes ! In my department as committee on
stables, and it will go so long as I am on this
board or until I rot.
But notwithstanding this assertion his
friend Hoyt was not elected, and the
board even refused to allow Hoyt remu
neration for his services (or the short
time that Parry had engaged him on his
own responsibility to do hostler work In
the stables.
From the opening of the session there
was a lack of harmony attending all the
proceedings, each member having appar
ently come prepared with his razor to do
a certain amount of slashing.
The question of letting the contract for
hay for the coming year was held over
for further discussion until next meeting.
T'he horse question was next discussed.
The eight horses that had been sent in for
trial by the Howard estate proved to
meet requirements. They were ordered
purchased at J1SJ a head.
WILL RIDE IN AUTOMOBILE.
The snbject of the automobile brought
out quite a controversy. The Board of
Supervisors had granted $3000 for a ma
chine for the use of the Chief of the Fire
Department. Parry was dead set against
Its purchase, and Chief Sullivan said that
the money could be applied to better ad
vantage in buying new fire apparatus.
W T att replied that so long as the Super
visors had made this specific appropria
tion for the machine there wa* no reason
to revert the money to other channels.
The machine was accordingly ordered
purchased from the ' only bidder, A.
Brooke Ridley, representing the Electric
Vehicle Company, Parry voting against
the purchase.
At this period of the meeting matters
commenced to get breezy.
¦ Parry moved that Frank Brown, one
of the draymen, be dismissed. Watt asked
"For what reason?" Parry said it -was
not necessary to give any reasons, it was
sufficient for the board to know that he
(Parry) wanted him discharged. Watt
insisted and asked Patrick O'Connell, the
superintendent of horses, if there was
anything wrong with Brown— receiving a
reply in the negative — Watt said emphat
ically, "I don't believe in tiring men with
out a good and sufficient cause and I be
lieve that every man should have the
chance of an American citizen and be al
lowed to be heard in his own behalf."
Parry then chipped -in and said: "Well," I
don't like him. He' is an idler and spends
his time, talking too much -and carrying
news, and I want him dismissed."
Vote was then taken 'and Brown's head
fell into the basket, with a dissenting vote
from Watt. A. Steffens of 2711 Sutter
elreet was elected to fill his place, with
Watt again casting a dissenting vote.
REFUSE TO SUSTAIN PARBY.
Hostler Kendall's place was not filled.
It was temporarily occupied by Elmer
Hoyt, appointed by Parry without author
ity and Parry and Maestrettl fought for
all they knew how to have the tempo
rary appointment made permanent, but
Watt and Barrett wanted John O'Bryan
appointed, so matters came to . a stand
still.
Then. "Parry raised the question of the
pay due Hoyt for the time' he had been
in service. Watt said he did not want to
see any man work for nothing, but want
ed to know if he was paid up to the pres
ent time would Parry guarantee that the
board would not be compelled to do a
similar office- for Hoyt at the next meet
ing. Parry refused to give any such as
surance and intimated that he would take
matters into his own hands. He was
brought to his senses by Watt, who stated
that it was his impression that the vote
of the majority of the board would rule
in the future, as it had in the past.
The question of the transfer of Patrick
O'Connell, superintendent of horses, from
that position to driver of one of the en
gines was not allowed to come up for the
board's consideration for the reason that
Attorney D. C. Murphy put in an appear
ance and, on behalf of his client, O'Con
nell, served a writ addressed to the board
collectively and individually, citing; them
to appear in Superior Court, Department
No. 2, on Friday morning, July 24, at 10
o'clock to show cause for the intended
transfer. Attorney Murphy said that the
citation sent to his 'client was not in due
and correct form. Parry said the trans
fer of O'Connell was necessary for the
betterment of the department. Finally
it was decided to lay the matter before
the City and County Attorney and get
his advice in the premises, and so the
matter of O'Connell's fate is still hanging
in the balance.
PEKING, July 17.— The prohibition of the im
portation of arms and ammunition into China
as provided by the protocol expires In Au
gust • without protest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903.
4
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ BIIBBBBBBaasBaBBIIIIllB S
I HjgBjgodCottle I
! ry WU MAM WATSON 3
I FREE-FREE |
g : ' • / ** ; : _;_ •______j __ MM —^^¦^sjm— »y ¦ 3
I WITH NEXT |
i SUNDAY S CALL j
| July 19th, 03 s
!•»• ¦¦»«»• '»'• •••••••*•••*• •*¦ ••¦••-»•••••• •"• •"«»•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ m ~m
- " ' ;'' ' *""r, ...'. '„_ it..'. ¦ T ¦¦I...- ,j .¦" .''.'. » k , .¦ .^.. -.-...«. '^j.-!' .-.' ¦' ¦ V'". '. '.-' :"'"/ : 1 fl
J* ." v .v^'y^:-^'".vr f "'¦^flfc ¦ : ¦¦ ¦•¦:¦¦- ¦'¦-¦¦¦. ¦ ¦¦¦ -¦ ¦ ¦•¦ .-. . . B »K 1 »^fe^jt?^^t§t^P :¦ . ' ¦ ¦ " ¦ . ' "*:>?**:;££ *1 ffr
n »?55si*** *** ~ v\*V * iASi ¦ * i *** s- - • ¦ ¦•¦¦¦ ;V :/ -..-.¦¦ : jj : E«
¦ . . ¦ «.¦.¦ • »».«»-»¦_¦ « «. «.«¦•». m
g "HIGHLAND CATTLE" jj
! THE SUNDAY CALL.]
| Is on Sale oo flU Trains |
S and at All News Agencies \
S PRICE FIVE CENTS-ORDER NOW I
B3«fjHHaa«EHn23aia»BianaEsaanaaHaHnHiaBaaBii2aasa3aapsaanQnnoannaEBanniiaBnaE
OCEAN TBAVEL.
0 Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Juneau.
Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m-. July 20, 25, SO. August
4. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11
a, m.. July 20, 25. 30. August 4. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. • .¦¦-* •••
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 21. 27. August 2: Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. July 18, 24, 30, August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. rn.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cuyacos, Pert Harford
(San Luis Obl9po), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. July 16. 24, august 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Uuayms (Mex.), 10 . m. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain fc!der.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing date?. ¦
Ticket Offices — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 22, Aug. 1. 11, 21, 31.
"George W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. Aug 6,
18. 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear ?t. at 11 a
m. S. F. BOOTH, G«n. Agt. Pass. Dept. i
Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Fit.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YO'KOHAM\
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe : (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing
S. S. NIPPON MARU Friday, July 31 '1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU .'
Wednesday. August 26. 1003
S. 8.1 HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday, September 19 1003
¦ Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets *t reduced
rates. " For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. A VERY. General Agent. '
COMPAONIS 8E5EBALS TJUNSATLANTIQUj
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^_
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of S?»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-Class to Havre. $70 and uoward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudaon building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
H*re Xslanfl and Veilejo gteamara,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICFT t/>
-0:45 am 3:15 and 8:30 n. £"£?§£££
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.; 8:3O p. m. Leaves Vallelo
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, « p. m., ex. Sunday Sun-
day, 7 a. mb., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents Tel
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMEBICA2T XJ3TS.
ITew Tork — Southampton— lion don.
St.Paul.July22. 10 am|Phlla..Auj. 12. 10 am
N. York.Ausr. 5. 10 am'St.Louis.Aug'. 19. 10 am
ATLANTIC TSAUSPORT I.IITE.
New Tork— London.
Hln'nka.July 25. 6 ami Mlnnha.Aug'.S 5:30 arr»
MlnMls.Ausr.l. 11:30 am! Mesaba.Au*. 13, 9 «m
Only flrst-claM passengers carried.
DO Mini ON T.;yt;,
Boston — Queen stown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. July 301 Commonwealth. Aug. 2T
New England... Aug. 61 New England.. Sept. 3
Mayflower Aug. 13" Mayflower Sept- 10
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Kensington July 25jSouthwark. ..-..Aug. 8
Dominion Aug. ll Canada Aug. 23
Boston MEDITEESAJiean Service.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
Cambroman Sat.. Aug. S, Sept. 19, Oct. 31
Vancouver Sat., Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND AMERICA U3TE.
New York— Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
Sailing "Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam July 23' Statendam Aug 13
Potsdam Aug. 5 Ryndam Aug. 13
RED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris.
Vad'rl'd.July 25. 10 am[Ze«land.Aug. 8. 10 am
Kroonl'd.Aug. 1. 10 am. Finland. Aug. 13, 10 am
WHITE STAB LIME.
New Tork — Queenstown— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays ; and ( Frtdays.
VJctorlan.July 21. 6 am Oceanic. July 25>.9:30am
Majestic. July 22. noon Cymric. July 31 11 am
Celtic July 24. 5 pm Armenian. Aug. 4, 6 am
C.D.TAYIX>R. Passenger Agent. Paclflo Coast
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Jfamburg-Stmerican.
For PLYMOUTH — CHERBOURG — HAMBXTRQ
Twin-Screw Ez;m$ tad Pmengar 3«rries.
F. Bismarck July lti Moltke Aug 9
Patricia July 18 TCaldersee Aug 3
Bluecher July i! Palatla i.Aug. 15
Pretoria Ang. 1 Bluecher Au* "*0
HAXBUKQ-AXSaiCA* LISE, 37 B'w« 7 . K. T
HERZOO & CO.. 401 California St.. G«n. Agts,
___^_____________ OIXECI U»* to 1AH1IL
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23.11 A M.
S. a VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 P m
S.S. MARIPOSA. forTahitUAugust 15.11 AJSlI
U. SPKECKELS S 5I33.C0., Afits..Ttttt8nk8,M3 JartaW
Fnfebt.tSn.32S larWSL.ner It. 7, ftaSe SL?
iOXOERHOCA iND CBINAST D13C3AB3S3.
* CURE UN AS HOURa.
WEEKLY CALL, ? l PEB yjj^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
COLLARED ANDXUFFED
Adequately is the satisfactory state
every man envies. \ That's the kind
of work we turn out— collars, ; cuffs,
shirts," etc., to suit the most* particu-
lar man in this big town. We are
looking for laundry orders.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABXET STBEET,
.'.- -_¦,-¦•¦:¦'¦'•'' Near' Powell.' .. ' ; / ;
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
I Kvr# III Ww IS nyf 1
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 20th.
THEHB AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS QO-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Aierrts
SANTA FE
)\ ?J For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
EVERY WOMAN
___ r _ is interested and should know
jgSgS^sijJs^ about the wonderful
¦4^iS»M^V MUDUCI WHIRLING
*#^\WS\ WAHftL SPRAY ¦
i\V m siV\£j '5 N T he new Vafiatl Syria* e.
ltfVAV^\\\\VwU Si ' Injection and Suction.
\\VSbSWS^\I ' Best-Safest-Most tlon-
•^^^CS»^^ : venienu ItCleaniei
: T'SiSSggg^^^ijjg^j Instantly.
Aik yoiir drutjlit lor It. \\, fSarr^^ : >^~ :^~
If he cannot »upply the N yfy^y ''ifi'tWO
MARVEL, accept no • • X. rrffafrt-'"
other, but wnd itamp for Illui. V». # "•1%'\S
tntcdhook— acnled. It giro full V'/,, / "'¦'/£
particulars and riirertioni invaluable *\'' /.•¦ iM
toladie- HARVKL CO.. *H-!$!i!'1f*W ¦
Room 208. Times Bda\. New York, ¦
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
- on Application.
"' 7BSSB AJTD BAZ.T MEATS.
IAS RftYPS £ ffi Shipping Butchers, lot
JAj. DUICJ g WU. Clay. TeL Main 133*.
;¦;..'". ' ¦ ¦ ". •. OXX«. ~ ~~ ,
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLI%
». <18 Front st.. 8. F. ' Phone Mala 1710.
••.-¦¦v"--"-" VBUfTXSGr.
£ C HUGHES, .nsa^XyvHelen, Hallenqulst, who while a passen
ger of a Larkln-street car was thrown to
the floor, through the sudden starting of
the car, sued the United Railroads yes
terday for $10,115 damages. The accident
occurred April 30 last at the corner of
Ninth and Mission streets.
Sues United Railroads.
The will of the late Thomas J. Clunle
was admitted to probate yesterday by
Judge Murasky. Andrew J. Clunle, broth
er of the deceased. E. A. Bridgeford and
Burrell White, who were named; In the
will as executors thereof, were appointed
such by the court. Their bonds were fixed
»t. 1100.000 each. .
Clunie's Will Admitted.
To' the Giant Redwood Forests, embracing
views of bay and ocean beach, mountains and
vale, and the picturesque Russian River. Sun
day trains via North Shore Railroad at 8:00 a
m. Fare. $1.00 to$2.C0 round trip. Return
at 7:00 p. m. Grand scenic trip. Saturday
afternoon train at 3:15 p. m. Full particulars
at Ticket Office. 626 Market street. • •
Scenic Day Trip
The petition of George Rogers for a
writ of habeas corpus was granted by
Judge Murasky yesterday and he was
given his release from the County Jail,
where he was serving a sentence of nine
ty days for a£sault. The writ was sued
out on the ground that his sentence,
which provided for an alternative of a
fine of $450, was illegal. •
Rogers Secures Release.
Call for ur>-to-date traveling bags or
suit cases. Do you need a new trunk?
Carload prices to the user. Leather goods
department, Sanborn, Vail & Co f s 741
Market street. ' •
Trunks for Summer Outinga.
H. N. Morse. J. J." Callundan, H. O. and
M. de la Montanya and P. A." Newell ''are
the directors of the Harry N; Moree De
tective Service and- Patrol System, also
Incorporated yesterday. It has a capital
stock of $25,000, all subscribed.
The Verein Elntracht was incorporated
yesterday. The directors are Frank
Huber, C. A. Wedemeyer, Otto Thlele, F.
Eggerllng and C. H.-Hoge. - ,
Articles of incorporation of the Nation
al-Bowling Alley Association , were also
filed. The new concern has a capital stock
of $10,000, all of which is subscribed. The
directors and the. amounts they have "sub
scribed are: F. Blythe, $2000; J. N. Greg
ory, $1000; C. B. Poar. $4200; T. H. Forbes
$800, and F. W. Kuell and P. L. Huestad,
JiXX) each. ' r ' • ' .¦• . .
New Incorporations.
Suits for divorce for failure to provide
were also filed by Lily K. TTipmas against
Henry L. Thomas and Anna J. Button
against Thomas P. Button. Suits on the
ground of cruelty were brought by Marie
Burmelster against Helnrlch Burmelster
and W. A. Wilklns against Dora H. "Wll
kins. .
Ellen Mycroft Is also a plaintiff in an
action for divorce. She Is suing William
Mycroft on the grounds of failure to pro
vide and cruelty. She alleges that he
lives In Idleness and seeks to compel her
to work for him In order that he may
have funds to play the races. She says
also that he has repeatedly beaten and
abused her. They were married in Octo
ber, 1893, and have one child, a boy 9
years of age.
Ethel Seal is the plaintiff in a suit for
divorce filed yesterday. The defendant Is
Frederick Seal, an engineer. She charges
that July 14, 1902, he abandoned her and
that ever since then she has been com
pelled to depend upon her own exertions
for the support of herself and their child.
They were married In 1895.
Sues Her Husband, an Engineer, for
Divorce on the Ground of
Desertion.
ETHEL SEAL AVEKS SHE i
TS AN ABANDONED WIFE
The Supervisors will meet again on
Monday morning to consider all applica
tions for reduction of assessments. The
time for filing applications expires next
Honda v at noon ¦
Assessor Dodge requested the board to
increase the assessment made by him on
the contents of the residence of Mrs. Col
lis P. Huntlngton on California street
The Assessor stated that he had not been
able to secure any sworn information as
to the contents of the residence and that
he had assessed it for $25,000. Sine* the
assessment Had been made Information
had reached the Assessor showing that
the paintings In the" residence were in
sured for $700,000.
E. Black Ryan, who had been cited to
appear before the bourd and Rive Infor
mation as to the value of the property ol
Mrs. Huntlngton, Is now In Lcs Angeles,
but he sent word to the Supervisors that
he would appear before them on Monday
rcxt. The matter was adjourned until
that time. . «.
The Heine Piano Company asked a re
duction on its assessment from $16,294 to
$6234, claiming that its solvent credits of
$10,000 were not subject to taxation. At
torney Molloy, who appeared for the com
pany, claimed that the pianos represented
by the credits were assessed to the per
sons holding them at the present time
and that it was illegal to tax the con
tracts for payment of the Instruments.
CAN ASSESS SOLVENT CBEDITS.
Assessor Dodge enlightened the attorney
and showed that the law allowed mer
chandise, bought on credit, to be assessed
as the property of the purchaser and that
the debt to the seller was also assessable.
The piano company then claimed that an
error had been made In Its sworn state
ment and the Supervisors decided that
an itemized account of its books must be
presented before a reduction of assess
ment could be considered.
The application of the Giant Powder
Company that the assessment on its
franchise for $150,000 be canceled was re
jected in quick order.
The list of persons who had refused to
ma*ke a sworn statement of their personal
property and who had been ¦ arbitrarily
assessed was then taken up. The list
amounted to $1,845,000, Including Daniel
Meyer, assessed for $1,000,000; William
Crocker, $80,000, and the Crocker estate,
$275,000.
The entire list was ordered to remain as
it stands, the same being done with the
estates held in trust, also arbitrarily as
sessed for the sum of $1,750,000, including
the estate of the late Colonel Fred
Crocker.
THE HUNTINGTON PAINTINGS.
Dora Wright, the first woman ever
hanged in this section, was convicted of
whipping a 7-year-old girl. Annie Williams,
until she died of her injuries. The evi
dence showed that the little girl had been
beaten severely for many months, as
there were old scars on her body. Some
of these indicated that the little girl had
beer, tortured with a red hot poker. Both
the woman and the girl were negroes.
Charles Burrett was hanged to-day for
the murder of John Hennessy. an aged
man. whom he shot from ambush. Rob
bery was the motive.
Superior Court had held to the contrary
and the matter Is now in appeal to the Su
preme Court. The application was denied.
The application of the Bank of Cali
fornia for a reduction of assessment on
its franchise was also denied. The bank
has a suit in the courts s!milar*o the one
of Wells, Fargo & Co. and appeared in
order to protect its rights.
The New California Jockey Club asked
for a reduction on its assessment of $S0,
000 to $25,000 on personal property and Im
provements.. Its real estate Is assessed
for 1126,000. P. W. Treat appeared for
the club and after a long argument As
sessor Dodge advised a reduction of $25,
000 on the assessment on Improvements.
SOUTH McALESTER, I. T.. July 17.—
Dora Wright was hanged here to-day.
She mounted the scaffold without a
tremor.
Indian Territory Woman
Hanged for a Cruel
Murder.
PAYS FORFEIT
WITH HER LIFE
Chief Postofflce Inspector Cochran has
made several mysterious trips to New
York in connection with the case, and
Inspector Walter S. Mayer of Chicago,
who worked up the case against August
W. Machen, the former head of the free
delivery service, has figured conspicuous
ly In obtaining the evidence placed In
possession of the District Attorney at
Brooklyn.
The authorities are now searching for
Beavers to place him under arrest. His
present whereabouts is . unknown. The
postal officials were chagrined to learn of
the publicity of the action of the Grand
Jury in advance of the serving of the
warrant. They regarded' the news as
premature and declined to discuss the
matter on the ground that the time was
not yet ripe to make a statement. Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General Brlstow
conferred with several of his assistants
immediately after he learned that the ac
tion of the Grand Jury had become
known. Subsequently he refused to an
swer all questions on the subject.
The case on which the present action
of the Grand Jury Is based. It Is said,
is a more recent development. The in
spectors have worked continuously on the
Investigation and it is said that it Is only
within the past two or three days that
the evidence finally was secured that fur
nished a basis for action by the Federal
Grand Jury.
NEW YORK, July 17.— A bench
warrant was issued by Judge
Thomas in the United States
Circuit. Court. Brooklyn, to-day,
for the arrest of George W.
Beavers on an indictment found by the
Federal Grand Jury, which charges him
with accepting a bribe of $S40. It is un
derstood that payments to Beavers were
traced back to the purchase by the Gov
ernment of the Brandt-Dent Cash Regis
tering Company. The postofflce Inspectors
found that Beavers had a large account
In the Nassau Trust Company, Brooklyn,
and are said to have discovered that
checks deposited there had been given by
ex-Congressman Driggs.
WASHINGTON, July 17.-The Issuance
of a bench warrant for the arrest of
George W. Beavers, former chief of the
Division of Statistics and Allowances of
the Pcstofflce Department, is the cul
rnfnaticn of an Investigation that has
been In progress at intervals since his
sudden resignation from office last spring.
A number of matters affecting his ad
ministration have been probed Into, one
of the first results of which was the
cancellation of 5016 promotions that had"
been passed on by him to take effect at
postofflces throughout the country during
the present fiscal year. Subsequently
other matters were taken up by the in
vestigating officials.
During the forenoon a carriage waa
called and Graham, covered with flowers
and receiving good wishes, was sent homo
to enjoy the remainder of the day with
his family.
W. H. Snedaker, general agent of the
local freight and passenger departments
of the Illinois Central Railroad, left yes
terday on a buslrfess trip to Salt Lake.
James Graham. Esq. — Dear Sir: On this,
your sixtieth birthday, we aak you tn accept
these flowers, and as the bloom of life dwelh
with them we likewise hope It will dwell w.tSi
you for many years to come.
The following: letter was handed hlra
•with the signatures of the employes of
the office attached:
FREIGHT AUDITOR'S OFFICE.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 17. lSXtt.
For the last twenty-two years he has
been a clerk In the freight auditor's of
fice, not having missed one day through
sickness or any other cause. Congratula
tions were showered upon him all morn
ing and his desk was literally banked
with flowers.
James Graham of the Southern Pacific
freight auditor's office celebrated hi^six.
tieth birthday yesterday. Born in County
Down, near Belfast. Ireland. July 17, 1S43.
he came to fhls country a mere lad of li
years, and after a sojourn of three years
in New York State he came West and
made his home In California, which he
has never left since.
will be reached. Regarding the rumor
that he was considering a route along
the main fork of the Eel River, Storey
said that the company had not even dis
cussed it.
As yet no definite decision regarding the
route of the new road has txren arrived
at. and Engineer Storey says that it will
probably be several months before one
Chief Engineer Storey of the Santa Fe
road, who left here several days ago for
Northern California for the purpose of in
specting the country over which hla com
pany purposes to build its new road from
Eureka south, returned yesterday. Ho
traveled northward from Willlts about
forty miles along the south fork of the
Eel River, and finally cut across the coun
try toward the coast.
The east side of the south fork of the
Eel River has already been partially sur
veyed by the company's surveyors, and it
Is purposed to later survey the opposite
bank of the stream. The • work so far
completed. Engineer Storey said. Is very
satisfactory. Next week he intends to
go to Eureka and travel by team south
ward over j the territory through which
the engineers have been working from the
north.
ately took up the matter and reported favor
ably upon it. Ab a result. Isomoto has been
made an lmrnigratiqn commissioner, and with
necessary credentials he expects to return
shortly to Japan, where he will enter upon his
new duties. The company believes that the
cultivation of rice by a number of the origin
ators of the art will be invaluable Instruction
to the producers of this country and will ma
terially enhance the Importance of the Indus
try in the South. As I understand him. Iso
moto. when he gets back to his own country,
hope* to obtain recognition from the Japanese
Government and thus be enabled to work In
harmony with the Southern Pacific Company
and the Imperial officials on the other side.
FORMER POSTOFFI^E OFFICIAL.
WHO IS ACCUSED OF HAVING
ACCEPTED A BRIBE.
General Passenger Agent Goodman, dis
cussing the appointment, said that Iso
moto recently came here from Japan and
called upon him regarding a proposition
to bring Japanese rice farmers to this
country with a view of developing the
lands owned by the company in the States
of Louisiana and Texas. Continuing Mr.
Goodman said:
Ills plan looked like a good one. so I referred
him to General Passenger Agent Anderson of
the Atlantic system, who. It seems, lmmedl-
The appointments came as a joyous bit
of news to the former employes of the
Missouri Pacific offices In tills city, who
lost their positions vrtien the agency was
recently abolished here. Waugh, Webster,
Townsend and Berry arc all cared for un
der Shotwell's plan of rearrangement. The
two clerks who were attached to the
Texas Pacific office have gone to Los
Angeles, there to secure employment In
the Texas and Pacific office, and conse
quently everybody formerly connected
with the different offices of the Gould
lines In this, city went home happy last
evening.
General Agent Shotwell said yesterday
that while there appeared to have been a
consolidation of the different offices the
move made by Traffic Manager Bird was
In reality an abolishment of the Missouri
Pacific and the Texas Pacific offices
In this city. ' Hereafter the interests of
the two roads mentioned and those of the
Iron Mountain and the International and
Great Northern would-be represented here
by the Denver and Rio Grande agency,
over which he will preside with the official
title of general agent.
Further evidence of the Southern Pacific
traffic department's often manifested en
terprise was furnished yesterday, when
the following circular notice was Issued
by the passenger officials:
K. Isomoto of Kobe, Japan, 'has this day
been appointed Japanese land and immigration
apent for the Southern Pacific Sunset route.
Mr. Isomcto's duties will be to encourage Jap
anese Investors and rice farmers to purchase
lands and settle in the eulf coast country of
Louisiana and Texas. Mr. Isomoto will work
directly In connection with the general offices
of the system In Fan Francisco and In Hous
ton. Tex., and In the conduct of his people he
will be accorded every assistance and attention.
General Agent Shotwell of the Denver
and Rio Grande road, who returned
Thursday night from Denver, whither he
went a week ago to confer with the of
ficials of the Gould lines restive to the
reorganization of the offices of that great
system in this city, yesterday officially
announced the changes he had planned In
local departments which have been placed
under 'his supervision. Besides the pro
motion of Buck and Mansfield to the posi
tions of district passenger agent and com
mercial agent, the following appointments
were given out during the day: Walter
Townsend and Fred Berry, to be travel
ing passenger and freight agents; Bode
K. Smith and W. W. Webster, city pas
senger agents: E. Sllverstone, contracting
agent; John T. Skelton, freight and pas
senger agent at Sacramento; Leroy B.
John3on, freight and passenger agent at
San Jo3e; . Edward Waugh, assistant
freight and passenger agent at San Jose;
John H. Beckwith, city passenger agent
in Oakland.
The application of Wells, Fargo & Co. !
that Us assessment on franchise for i
1450.000 was illegal and that it be can- j
celed, was also denied. The contention ;
of the express company Is that It Is In- i
corporate-d under the laws of Colorado !
end that Its franchise Is not taxable in '
California. •
ALL MORTGAGES ABE TAXABLE. \
The Supreme Court of California has ¦
ruled that a foreign corporation shall not !
operate in this State under more favor
able conditions than a local corporation
end the express company has carried the
case to the Supreme Court of the United i
States. Its application for a reduction at '
th* present time was made to protect Its
legal rights.
The Hibemia Savings and Loan Society
also applied for a reduction of its assess
ment on fl.000,000. The claim dt the society
was that the city could not tax mortgages
tn land situated outside the State. The
"There Is not a fiair in the indictment
of th«? Assessor and it is bad enough, but
I must submit," was the reply of Daniel
Meyer, raillicnaire banker, when called
upen yesterday to show cause before the
Board of Supervisors why his arbitrary
assesnnert of a million dollars on his
pcrscnr.I property should not stand.
The Supervisors sat as a board of equal
ization and passed upon the applications
for reduction of assessments, also upon
all arbitrary assessments.
Last year Assessor Washington Dodge
assessed Daniel Meyer for half a million
dollars on personal property. This year
also Meyer refused to make a sworn re
turn of his property and his assessment
was raised to the million figure.
Assessor Dodge' told the Supervisors
that Canker Meyer has always refused to
furnish a sworn statement, and that he
was in contempt.
When Daniel Meyer admitted the im
peachment of the Assessor there was con
siderable laughter in the room, in which
the votcran financier joined.
DENIES HE IS A BANKER.
Meyer denied that he was a banker,
and when Assessor Dodge informed him
that he was so designated In the city di
rectory the financier smilingly answered: I
"That is my misfortune. I am only a !
business man. I have nothlne to say
against the argument of the Assessor,
but it costs me a good deal of money."
The Supervisors scugnt to gain some
information from Meyer as to how much
money he had in bank and how much
he had loaned out. but he pleaded igno
nance. and said • - the young people at
tend to that for me."
When the Supervisors voted that the
arbitrary assessment of a million dollars
remain Meyer said. "Thank you, gentle
men." and with a Emile he bowed himself
out of the room.
Considerable time was taken up in con
sidering the application of the Southern
Pacific Company that the assessments on j
its ferry cyftem franchises be reduced j
f!y>m EL25O.0M to $15.
Attorney Foulds appeared for the com
pany ar.fi made an elaborate argument
that the ferry-boats were part of the en
tiro railroad fvstem and could be as
sessed as rart of that system by the
State Board of Equalization only. He
arpued that no such thing as a ferry
franchise existed, and that it was a crea
tion of the Assessor's brain.
BAILEOAD'S CLAIM EEJECTED.
Foulds cited many decisions of the Su
preme Court and admitted that, while the
law provided for the assessment of the
ft rry-boatfi by local Assessors, that any
franchise, if Fuch existed, was included i
in the broad franchise under which the i
railroad was operated.
Assessor Dodge made a skillful argu- \
mer.t to the effect that the State Board of j
Equalization had last year only dealt
with the railroad company's property,
commencing at the Oakland mole.
He claimed that If a local Assessor had I
the right to tax tangible property. In the
thapt' of ferry-boats, he also had the j
right to assess the Intangible property, |
the franchise, under which the boats were '
operated.
Supervisor Braunhart was of the opin
ion that the railroad company had no
right to appear before the board and ask
for a practical cancellation of the assess- !
mer.t of the ferry franchise. He declared f
that the Supervisors merely had power to j
raise or lower assessments and not to de- i
cide the legality of any assessment. That '
was a matter for the courts.
The Supervisors, by unanimous vote, re
jected the application of the railroad cor
poration.
Rlnck-Wagner added that there is no
foundation in the statements that reli
gious prejudice Is at the bottom of the
murders in Russia. The Jews, he said,
enjoy a full exercise of their religious
customs and' go about undisturbed j until
the peasantry Is called upon to make set
tlements for money loaned and for bills
contracted and then the trouble begins.
In Odeasa there are frequent demonstrations
Against the Jews, and there was one at the
time that the murders wero being committed
In the other section of the provinces, but the
police, who were anticipating an outbreak,
promptly quelled it in Its Infancy. We have a
large number of Jews in Odessa. In fact the
population of the city is one-third Jews, and
they practically control all lines of business
there. Their Influence In a commercial way Is
suggested during the Jewish holiday weeks,
when the entire town seems to be closed up. I
dcubt If there will ever be a solution found for
stemming the tide of piejudlce against the Jews
in Russia. In Odessa they are treated with
more consideration than most anywhere else In
the empire. Although not permitted to own
lend, they are allowed to leaso it and build
houses, and they enjoy this privilege to its
fullest extent.
E. Rinck-Wagner, a wealthy German
resident of Odessa, arrived from the East
last evening and Is stopping at the Pal
ace. He is making a tour of the world
and left his home about the end of the
recent terrible massacres of Jews in Rus
sia. In speaking of the affair which has
aroused the sympathy of almost the en
tire civilized world, the traveler said that
massacres had become common events in
that section of Russia, where the preju
dice against the Jews is increasing every
year. As to the causes of the attacks on
the Jews he said:
They are due to the feelings of the peas
antry, as the Kusnlan Kmbassador to the
United- States recently explained In an Interview
to the representatives of your newspapers.
The Jew Is the medium through which all
business is transacted In Russia. lie Is keener
In business matters than the peasant class of
Russians and Is quick to perceive an opportu
nity to increase his wealth. The peasant bor
rows from htm often, and too frequently more
than he should. When the day of settlement
comes and the Jew demands what Is due him
his debtor suddenly realizes that he has noth
ing left and begins to grumble. His ill feeling
Is aroused and It Increases as he contemplates
his financial predicament.
Eventually the dissatisfaction spreads like
an epidemic and then the peasantry seeks re
venge for imaginary wrongs by assailing th?
Jews. When I refer to these affairs as common
events L mean that these massacres are occur
ring e<ery year. I was In Odessa when tha
refugees began coming In from the scene of the
recent slaughter, but I am unable to give you
any further details than you have already
haO, for. although Odessa Is only eight hours'
ride from where the more horrible scenes were
enacted, we were unable to obtain much In
formation, owing to the fact that the press of
that country, as you no doubt know, is greatly
restricted in the publication of news, especially
of that character.
Traveler From Odessa Looks for Re
currence of Massacres.
FEARS FOR SAFETY OF JEWS.
It is believed that this petition was al
most unexampled in the height and dig
nity of the signatures attached to it.
Among them are: Andrew D. White and
Clifton L. Brecklnrldge, former Minister
to Russia: Rufus W. Peckham, United
States Supreme Court; Senator Thomas
C. Platt, the Governors of Virginia, Geor
gia, Mississippi. North Carolina, Louis
iana and Nebraska: the Chief Justices
of all the States from which returns are
In. a great number of Congressmen, pub
licists, banker?, Prote3tanl and Catholic
ministers. Mayors of leading cities, prom
inent educators, leaders of the bar, phy
sicians, scholars, manufacturers, etc."
When the petition reaches Washington
the various oages will be bound together
In magnificent style in one volume and
delivered to Andrew Allen, chief of the
bureau of the rolls of the State Depart
ment, for safe keeping.
"Sirs: I am directed by the President
to acquaint you that this department Is
Informed by the American embassy In St.
Petersburg that the Imperial Government
of Russia has declined to receive or con
sider the petition In relation to the condi
tion of the Jews in Russia which was ad
dressed to his Majesty the Emperor by a
large number of citizens of the United
States and which this department, by di
rection of the President and at your re
quest, undertook to transmit to Its high
destination. I am, sirs, very respectfully
yours, JOHN HAY."
The instruction was* sent on the 13th of
July, and the same day Mr. Riddle was
Informed by the Russian Minister for
Foreign Affairs that in view of the pub
lications which had appeared in the news
papers the Russian Government wished to
notify him that the proposed petition
would not be received under any circum
stances, and that this resolution of the
Russian Government was taken independ
ently of any consideration of the sub
stance or the terms of the petition. On
the receipt of this Information the Secre
tary of State addressed the following let
ter to Messrs. Strauss, Wolf and Levy of
the Jewish committee that prepared the
petition:
WASHINGTON. July 17.— It is stated by
th© Secretary of State that the Incident
created by the question of the presenta
tion of the Jewish petition to Russia Is
closed. The State Department to-day
made public the correspondence that has
taken place respecting the petition. Its
substance has already been forecasted in
the pre/s dispatches.
The Correspondence consists of an in
struction to Mr. Riddle, United States
Charge at St. Petersburg, reciting in de
tail the petition and directing him to pre
sent the same to the Foreign Office If it
were willing to receive it. It Is stated by
Mr. Riddle that the Foreign Office would
not receive It under any circumstances,
and Secretary Hay so informed the Jew
ish committee in a brief telegram.
Southern Pacific Adds a Jap
anese to Bureau of Im
migration.
Railroad, Bank and Express
Companies Denied Reduc
tion rn AssesEment.
Nature of Correspondence Re
lating to Petition An
nounced.
General Agent Shot well
Finds Places for
Employes.
State Department Tells
of the Jewish
Petition.
George W. Beavers, Who Was Chief of an
Important Division, Is Accused of Hav
ing Accepted a Bribe While in Office
GOULD OFFICE
IS REORGANIZED
RUSSIA'S REPLY
A TERSE NOTE
Financier Questioned by
Supervisors as to
His Weaitlx
MEYER DENIES
HE IS A BANKER
FORMER POSTOFFICE OFFICIAL
IS SOUGHT BY THE AUTHORITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903.
5
STATEMENT
HOME OFFICE
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IX THE EM-
plre of Germany, on the 31st day of
December A. V.. 1002. and for the year end-
ing on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions cf sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $450.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company-. S03S.1S3 00
Loans on Bonds 1 and Mortgages.. 1.7S2/J09 ati
Cauh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,166.08.1 S2
Cash In Company's Office r 5!'2!°, ?\
Cash in Banks C2S.06* 13
Interest due and accrued on all «L*^
' Stocks and Loan* 34.807 01
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
1 tlon 508.1CS ID
Bills receivable. not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 203.1S7 73
Total Assets $8,302.476 23
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid: losses
in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense; losses resisted. Includ-
lnjt expenses $347,750 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less, re-Insur-
ance 30 per cent; gross premiums *
on Fire Risks running more than
one year. re-Insurance pro rata. 2,203,46.1 W»
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 562 50
All other Liabilities....-* 612.66177
Total Liabilities .$3.164.438 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,878,531 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 77,619 31
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 74,152 29
Received from all other sources... S5.167 25
Total Income .$.1,115,400 30
EXPENDITURES. ™~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $77,823 90, losses of
previous years) $1,359,077 48
Dividends to Stockholders 338,540 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 408,877 41 ;
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 323,787 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 27,008 04
All other payments and expendi-
tures 126.170 5&
Total Expenditures , $2,674.362 21
Losses incurred during the year. .$1,421,107 00
Risks & Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 1
written during the
year $2,604,561,750 $5,150,131 82
Net amount of Rlake <
expired during the
year 2.433. 4S1.798 4,813.325 62
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. 1.533,510,333 2.867.216 04
RODERT VON GORSCHEN. Prest.
FRITZ SCHROEDER. GerU. Mgr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of June, 1003.
FRANKLIN BEAUDRT. .
U. S. Consul.
PACIFIG COAST DEPARTMENT,
423 California Street.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manag^ - - - - ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager;
V" AURTIN BASCHEN and GUS ME3SINGER, City Agents.
Heart pains, palpitation, smothering speUt,
shortness of breath, weak End hungry spells
and general debility, indicate a weak heart.
The Totrcr these symptoms «xist the more
serious they become. They represent con-
ditions of heart weakness which must re-
ceive aid from the outside. A weak heart
cannot cure itself, no matter how slight the
aSection. Unless speedily treated it will
Crow worse, slowly but surely. A perfect
cure has been found in Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure which removes the cause so that the
disagreeable symptoms soon disappear.
"It ci^es me great pleasure to add my tes-
timonial to the hundreds of others who hare
testified to the merits of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure, as it may be the means of helping
another sufferer to try it I am sure that I
owe my life and health to Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure. I had suffered for six years with pal-
f citation an I pain in my heart, I could not
ie on my left tide, I was very weak, and
6lept very 1 Ule because of smothering spells.
I tried ever/ thin;? I could think of out pot
no relief urtil I becan the use of Dr. Miles
Heart Cure. I ara now well and able to do
my work ard altboujh it is three years since ,
I first used the remedy I have no sign of
heart trOulle. I took in all six bottles of
Heart Cure and think it the cr*n<kst medi-
cine in the world, and Jt fives me pleasure
at all times to recommend it." — >*RS. It.
Holungswoktk, Medford, Orcffoa.
All dru~~ists sell and euarantr e first bottle
Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles M -dical Co, Elkhart, Ind. .
To Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
I Owe My Life.
Spells, Palpitation,
and Heart Pains.
Very Little Because
of Smothering
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES ) BRANCH
OF THE
CONDITION AND APFAIRS
OF THE—^ —
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE
of Germany, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year endinff on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections C10 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. $734,5.15 00
Cash in Company's Office 05 05
Cash In Banks 147.337 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 151,508 00
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 1.378 7D
Due f'om other Companies • for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid .'.. 83 02
Total Assets ,. $1,035,028 56
LIABILITIES.
Loeses adjusted anfl unpaid $0,254 98
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense ¦ 63.C62 68
Lo3ses resisted, including expenses. 9,441 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $637,-
113 89; reinsurance 50 per cent. 315,550 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnlny more than one year,
$3S2,254 01; reinsurance pro
rata -. 220,726 40
All other Liabilities '. 34.070 81
Total Liabilities $652,713 55
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $777,787 78
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 25.000 82
Received from all otber sources.. 57,512 40
Total Income $861.207 CO
> —
EXPENDITURES. »
Net amount paid for Fire- Losses
(Including $75,537 78, losses of
previous years) '. $339,596 97
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 157,833 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 77,954 S3
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 18,030 00
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 07.731 02
Total Expenditures $742,046 49
Losses incurred during the year $384.882 57
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year... •• $73,005,902 $1,082.669 61
Net amount of Risks
%Z[ re **™!™..T. 59.822.678 806.562 6C
Net amount in force »
December 31. 1902. 74.964.6C1 1,010,368 SO
¦ «J A. KELSEY, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before . me this 3d
dav of February. 1903. .
aay 01 * e M ». DOUGHTT No tary Public.
ADVEBTTSEKENTS.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
HANOVER FIRE
Insurance Company
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on the 21«t day of December, A. I>.
19O2. and for the year ending: on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th*
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as p«r blank furnished by the Com*
mlsjjontr:
9 CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash % . $1,000,000 01
. ASSETS.
rteal Estate cvrned by Company .. $150,000 rn
I<oans on liond* and Mortgages.... 3.5GO 00
Cash Market Valve of all Stocks
and Bowls owned by Company. . . 2.53T.S12 €2
Amount of Loans secured by pled***
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... {WO 0O
Cash In Company's ofnee* 1f».TM ot
Cash In Banks S0O.5&1 2T
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 16.0S1 CO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortirasM II 53
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 431.0R4 II
Rents due and accrued 1.6C3 SI
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 21.333 K>
Total Assets $3.705.167 3.1
LIABILITIES. ~— —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $103,135 33
Losses tn process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 130.7C3 3 1
Losses resisted, including: expenses. 44.3SS 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,737.-
7SS 82: reinsurance 50 per cent... 86SLS3I 4t
Gross premiums on Fire RlsVs run-
ning more than one year. $1,606,-
21.1 89: reinsurance pro rata 869.231 S3
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 90il4rt 17
Air other Liabilities 41.039 43
Total Liabilities .$2.143.514 *3O
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually receiyed for Fire
premiums $2,212,033 50
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 173 CO
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources Sft.223 Sfl
Received for rents 27.522 M
Received from all other sources.... 82,8«2 &9
Total Income .$2.433.810 si
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount-ywld for Flr« Losses
< Includ In* •$247.6B7 81. losses of
previous years) $1.10*».<W3 5f»
Dividends to Stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 438,528 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
char?*>s for officers, clerks, etc. 153,244 C3
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes tO.HCO 43
All other payments and expendi-
tures ••¦•. 169.SM35
Total Expenditures $2,012,003 R7
Losses Incurred during tha year.. $1. 174.1 «3 6S
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! I
written during the? f
year t$315,624.760!$3,243.033 C7
Net amount of Rteksl !
expired during thel f
year .\ I 2<M,509.8O4! 2.707.120 4!>
Net amount in force I I
December 31. 1902... I 333,S7t.514| 3.344.002 70
CHAS. A. SHAW, Prest.
JOS. McCORD, Secy.
' Subscribed and - sworn to before me, this
26th day of January. 1903.
CHARLES F. SHAW.
Commissioner for California In New York.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
dfSj^Sk Is your water
'BSSSS supply pure? I
sa *^ lou can enjoy
PabstBlueRibbon
in the absolute security*
£' 1 * 111
| or its being pure and whole-
some. It is a brand to be re -
liea on; tne name Rtst on
the bottle guarantees its
purity. Rbst BlueRiDton
is a Dottled beer of excel'
lent flavor reflecting tne
mgnest attainments in
tne art or brewing.
Orders filled by
Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104X •
WASHINGTON. July 17.— The Secretary of
War has directed that all officials who have
been on detached duty for a period of four
years must return to their regiments or com
panies.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, EOc a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg.»
WASHINGTON, July 17.— The following
are here from California: At the New
Willard— H. T. Jones, Oroville; at the Ar
lington—George Wlttmann, wife and
daughter, San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
THE report of the State Board of Trade on the
profits of fruit culture in California is timely
and useful. As we have often tried to impress
our readers, what a fruit grower here needs is the
commercial instinct or experience which will enable
him to get his fruit in market and get the market
price in cash. This experience is becoming more
extended every year and covers more of the fruit
product. By and by every pound of it will be han
dled wisely and profitably.
To show what may be done in seeking far abroad
for a market, one of our most enterprising fruit
growers last year shipped to London throughout the
season. He sent peaches, apricots, nectarines, plums
and pears to that far market, all honestly selected
and securely packed, and on the whole season's ship
ments cleared a profit of $100 per ton. Now, it goes
without saying that if a California fruit grower can
clear that profit on as distant a market as London,
no one need fear the future of the fruit industry
here. Our climate produces such a variety of fruit
that there can never be a total failure. Every grower
can so arrange his plantation as to have something
for market.
Those who have been pessimistic about California
fruit growing should recall what seems to be an
economic law, by which the characteristic product
of every part of the earth is converted into the sup
port and often into the wealth of the people. The
corn crop of the upper Mississippi Valley did riot
cease because sometimes the growers burned it for
fuel in the winter. It has remained the mainstay of
that vast region, and whether distilled into highwines
or digested into pork and beef, has enriched the
farmers of the prairie States beyond the wealth of any
other class of the people.
Given the natural conditions for the best produc
tion of fruit which exist in California and only a
failure of the commercial instinct can prevent the
fruit crop doing for the California fruit planter just
what corn has done for the prairie corn planter.
Recent experiences point to certain needs of the
business. All crop farming everywhere is attended
by two incidents— the crop mortgage and cash ad
vance on a future harvest at high interest. When
Porter Brothers failed it was found that the firm had
several hundred thousand dollars out as advances
to the fruit growers. This is the wrong way and the
cc.tliest way to extend credit to that industry.
What is needed is a California fruit growers' bank
to handle th? fruit growers' deposits and extend their
credits economically and safely. It is not a new idea
to have a bank especially to handle the cash and
credits of an industry. The Hide and Leather and
Chemical banks of New York were founded for the
PROFIT IN FRUIT.
Frederick S. Fish of South Bend, Ind.,
arrived from the East yesterday and is
registered at the 'Palace. He is connected
with the firm of Studebaker Bros. & Co.
and has come to the city to investigate
the recent, losses of the firm by fire.
A. B. Urmston of Chihuahua, Mexico,
one of the best known cattlemen in the
Southwest, is at the Palace. He is re
turning from Canada, whither he recent
ly delivered 6000 head of cattle, which
we/e driven across . the United States In
bond from Mexico to Canada.
Nat C. Goodwin, the comedian, ana a
party of friends, including Miss Julia
Deanc and Manager Woodthorpe, started
yesterday on a trip into the Yosemlte
Valley.
T. H. Goodman of the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday received a telegram
from Truckee stating that Dr. Brigham's
condition was much Improved.
Judge Beatty of the United States Su
preme Court and wife and Judge J. A.
Marshall of the Circuit Court of Utah are
among the latest arrivals at the Occi
dental.
R. H. Hussey, who is connected with a
large general merchandise store in Ba
kersfleld, is at the Russ.
Ira H. Carpenter, a wealthy resident of
New Rochester, who is making a tour of
the West, is at the California.
Theodore Hardee. assistant secretary of
the St. Louis Exposition -'Company, has
arrived in the city and is registered at
the Palace.
j S Moulton. head of a big creamery
establishment of Ripon, is registered at
the Lick.
Dr. G. L. Talt of Los Gatos is at the
Occidental.
D. O. Harris, a fruit man of Moneta, is
at the Russ.
C. R. Davis, a fuel man of Portland, is
at the Grand.
H. C. Steele, a mining man of Reward,
Is at the Lick.
Postmaster G. M. Francis of Napa is
at the Occidental.
W. D. Pennycook. publisher of Vallejo,
is at the Occidental.
Charles Snafus, a of San
Diego, is at tho Russ.
James Gates, one of Tonopah's mining
men, is at the Grand.
J. F. Condon, a lumber merchant of
Verdi, is at the Grand.
F. Leonard, a mining man of Sutro,
Nev., is at the Palace.
F. O. Wyman, a lime merchant of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
E. M. Hlrshfelder, a merchant of Ven
tura, is stopping at tho Lick.
J. M. Peart, a contractor and builder of
College City, is at the Grand.
Allen B. Lemmon. a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa, is at the Occidental.
W. T. Brown, a hardware merchant of
Frescott, Is stopping at the Grand.
W. G. Holbrook, a prominent business
man of Syracuse, is at the California.
C. A. Horton. who is engaged in the
lumber .milling business, is at the the
Grand.
Vast as is the amount of money thus shown to
have been expended for diamonds during the past
fiscal year, the whole tale has not been told by the
treasury statistics. It is a comparatively easy thing
to smuggle precious stones, and it is very well known
that large numbers are brought into the country in
that way. In fact, the ease of smuggling is so great
that the Government dare not impose a heavy duty
upon imported gems, as experience has proven that
such, duties arc hardly more than bounties paid for
the encouragement of smugglers. It was for the
purpose of ridding the treasury of the expense of
trying to catch and punish sdeh smugglers that the
framers of the Wilson tariff put diamonds on the free
list. Every now and then some man or woman of
wealth and of high social station is detected smug
gling gems of one kind or another, and of course the
number of. those discovered is but a fraction of the
total number of persons who bring back with them
from Europe more or less jewelry that is never de
clared at the custom-house.
It has been noted New York that boom times
on Wall street are always followed by a boom in the
jewelry trade. The average American who clears up
a big winning on the street celebrates his luck by
buying diamonds for somebody, and during the high
prosperity of the last two years such purchases have
been enormous. In fact, diamonds are becoming so
common in New York that a gala night at the grand
opera" is like a universal exposition of gems and
jewelry. In the near future the American dame who
wishes to distinguish herself will have to put dia
monds on her chambermaid, diamonds on her coach
man, diamonds on her pet poodle, and then go her
self in unadorned elegance, free of gem or jewel of
AN illustration of the increasing wealth of the
American people, and incidentally of their
increasing extravagance also, is furnished by
statistics just published by the Department of Com
merce showing the importation' of diamonds and
other precious stones. The advance' in the value of
the annual importations has been rapid, and marks a
similar advance in the ostentation of the leaders of
our fashionable world.
A summary of the report of the Bureau of Sta
tistics says: "Prior to 1887 the total value of dia
monds and other precious stones imported in a single
year never exceeded $7,000,000 per annum. During
the prosperous years from 1887 to the panic year of
1893 the total gradually increased until it reached
$16,000,000. Then there was a sudden drop to
$5,500,000 in the. fiscal year 1894, and in 1896 the total
value of importations was only $2,200,000. Since that
date, with a growth of prosperity there has been a
steady increase, until in 1901 the total value of the
diamonds and precious stones imported was $20,000,
000; in 1902 the total was $23,000,000, and when the
final returns from all ports for the fiscal year which
ended on June 30 this year have been received the
total will amount to the enormous sum of
$30,000,000."
IMPORTS OF JEWELS.
Starvation and solitary confinement are two of the
new forms of torture which Russia has determined
to inflict upon the inmates of her prisons. Whatever
else may be said of Russia she certainly does more
to give us a realistic reproduction of the barbarities
of the Middle Ages than all the horror books in ex
istence.
Mexico has again girded herself for battle and in
tends with every possible avowal of determined pur
pose to wipe the Yaquis ( off the face of the earth.
We will probably soon see one of those "I regret to
report" messages from some Mexican general.
NEW HAVEN, July 17.— According to
measurements of the new comet Borelli.
based on photographs taken by Yale ob
servers, the tail of the comet Is at least
three million miles long. Professor Wil
liam L. Elkin. director of the Yale Ob
servatory, said to-night: "The comet la
the only Important one seen in the past
eight years, when Rordame was discov
ered. It is the brightest comet since
Smith's, about twelve years ago. Here
at Yale we shall not make any study of
it. as we do not have a great deal to do
with comets. It will be at its brightest
from now on until July 21, when it will
begin to grow dim as it get3 nearer to the
sun. It will probably be visible for the
next couple of weeKS, and just now la Just
about as bright as the polar star. It
passes the sun on August 21, when it
will be about thirty-one million miles dis
tant from that body. The photographs
taken last night show a long tall to the
comet which is not visible to the eye.
The negative shows this tail to be divided
In the middle, really making two tails.
According to the observations of people
who have made a special study of this
comet it is about twenty-six million
miles from the earth at present and la
rapidly traveling away."
Yale Observers Say the Comet Is the
Brightest Since Smith's.
THUEE 311X1*1017 MILES LONG.
Men who are in close touch with the workings of
finance are well-nigh unanimous in favor of some
form of an elastic currency. The country is pros
perous, there is no danger of a panic, and yet the
situation is by no means comfortable. The very
abundance of the harvests that ought to promise
nothing but good to all renders the immediate future
doubtful by reason of the strain it will put upon the
banks to supply the money required to handle the
crops. It is a situation that repeats itself at every
crop-moving season. Last year it became so menac
ing that the Secretary of the Treasury was forced to
use public money to relieve the stringency in New
York. It is not impossible that a similar relief may
have to be undertaken again, despite the fact that
neither the administration, the banks nor the public
<!csire such a thing.
One of the principal bankers of St. Paul in a recent
address at the Minnesota Bankers' Convention is
said to have earnestly warned the convention and the
public of the serious nature of the situation. A
report of his speech says he mentioned that he
'•learned in Chicago a little while ago that counr
try bank balances at that point had decreased $10,000,
000 within a short time. All the city banks are re
porting much the same condition. The majority of
the country banks in Minnesota," he said, "are tied
up for money, and their balances are lower than -for
a long time; many bankets have invested and
speculated till they regretted it. Hardly a day
passes in this city (St. Paul)," he said, "but we learn
of some country bank in trouble. Several have closed
their doors in. the last three or four months." He
concluded that "there was never a better time for
bankers to look out a little than the present."
Similar warnings have been heard from all parts
of the country, uttered by men of established author
ity in the financial world. It is surely time for Con
gress to give heed to the facts. The country expects
prompt action in a matter of such pressing import
ance and will hail with approval the decision of the
President to call an extra session.
|->^ RESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S decision to call
I — * an extra session of Congress early in Novem
¦*¦ ber may be taken as evidence that he intends
to join issue with Mr. Cannon and others who de
clare that no currency legislation is needed by the
country. The call for the meeting of Congress may
be ostensibly for the purpose of procuring a ratifica
tion of the reciprocity treaty with Cuba, but that
issue is not likely to long engage the attention of
cither house. It is already virtually settled that this
country will not undertake reciprocity, and that all
attempts to press the treaty will be useless. The liv
ing issue before the two houses will be that of pro
viding for an elastic currency, and in that contest the
President will have behind him the support of an
overwhelming majority of the business world.
Senator Lodge, who has just had a conference
with the President, and who gave out the news of
the intention to call an extra session, is quoted as
saying that no particular financial measure was ad
vocated by the President during the conference, but
that he is deeply interested in the subject and that it
is his hope and desire that early action may be taken
by Congress to remedy the evils of the existing
financial condition. It appears from that statement
that the call is designed as much to promote currency
legislation as for consideration of the Cuban treaty,
and accordingly the administration may be counted
on the side of those who will make the fight for
prompt action.
AN EXTRA SESSION.
PERSONAL MENTION.
reily, made with the Pierson photo
graphic telescope on the evening of
Wednesday, July 15, by Messrs. Curtiss
and Albrecht, fellows in the Lick Obser
vatory. The exposure was one hour in
length. The tall of the comet is recorded
on the original negative to a distance of
fully 7 degrees from the head; in other
words, in length equal to about fourteen
times the moon's diameter. The difficulty
of copying and reproducing the delicate
structure of the tail is very great, and
the published results probably will rep
resent It as much shorter than this.
The very numerous straight lines on
the photograph, each about a half inch
in length, are the trails made by the
neighboring stars. The telescope was
constantly shifted in position to follow
the comet In its rapid motion through the
sky. The fixed stars in consequence were
LICK OBSERVATORY, July 17.— The
accompanying illustration is a copy
of a photograph of the comet Bor-
By W. W. Campbell.
Director, of Lick Observatory
caused to trail on the Dlate.
The motion of this comet is unusually
rapid, at present being about 5 degrees
daily northwest. The head of the comet
is a fairly conspicuous object in the even
ing sky, being somewhat brighter than
a fourth magnitude star. Observers will
have no difficulty in seeing it if they
know where to look. In the clear, dark
skies of Mount Hamilton a short tail can
be seen projecting from the head in a
direction opposite that of the sun. The
photographic plate is so much more effi
cient, however, in recording faint objects
of this kind that we make no attempt to
secure visual observations of the tail. The
structure of the tail changes from night
to night. It is probable that the atten
uated matter composing it is driven off.
into space and lost, to be replaced within
twenty-four hours by an entirely new
tail.
On Saturday evening, after the sky Is
thoroughly dark, observers may find the
comet easily by drawing a line from the
pole star to Vega, tl-e very bright star
a little northeast of the zenith, and look
ing about 4 degrees west of the middle
point of this imaginary line.
On the evening of the 23d the comet
bert; Mrs. J. Ruestloye. at the Belvedere;
P. Escalin. at the Westminster; C. I*
Field, at the Murray Hill; W. B. Fowler,
at the Broadway Central: R. Keating:. W.
Robertson, at the Grand Union: H. Long
field. L. J. Maray and wife, at the Herald
Square: Mrs. MacGrath, at the St. Denis;
D. A. McDonald, at the Kensington; F. F.
Strong, at the Manhattan; W. W. Treat,
at the Ashland.
From Los Angeles— C. W. Hinchcliffe,
at the Imperial; L. J. C. Spruance, at the
Manhattan; R. H. Walker, at the Marl
borough.
From San Jose— J. Nathan, at the Cad
illac.
The comet can readily be distinguished
from, stars from the fact that It pre
sents the appearance of a hazy ball of
light In contrast to the sharply defined
points presented by the stars.
On the 2Sth it will be in the Big Dip
per, a little above the star Delta, at the
junction of the bowl and handle.
On the 20th it will be near the star
Gamma.
will be nearly between Alpha Draconi3
and the Dole star, about 2 decrees from
the former.
NEW HEAVENLY VISITOR WHICH WAS CAUGHT WITH A PHOTOGRAPHIC TELESCOPE ON THE EVENING
OF WEDNESDAY LAST BY MESSRS. CURTISS AND ALBRECHT. FELLOWS IN THE LICK OBSERVATORY .
ON MOUNT HAMILTON. AS IT WAS DRIVING THROUGH SPACE.
SATURDAY ...JULY 18. 1903
JOHN a SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
tttrtit All Communications to W. S. LEAfrE. Wanc| B*^
TELEPHONE.
vsk lax THE The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
I'L'BLICATIOIT OFFICE... Market and Third, 9. F.
LBITOBI/H, ROOMS 217 to 221 Steren«o» St.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta.
Per Month. Single Copies S Cents.
tent fcjr Mall, ZndnOlB* Poata«* (Cash With Order);
DAILT CAJJL OododlBc Bandar). oc« ye«x 9S.OO
DAJLT CAUL, flT?»*<?1rir Sunday), 0 months 4.OO
DAILY CAXXi— By Sl&rU Mont*..- ?5o
£UMUT r.*T.r^ Oo* T«r 2.00
WEEKJLT fit.i t Oo» Tew 1.00
f Daily... JW.8O Per Tear Extra,
rCHEtGW PO6TAGE i Sunfiay- 4.15 Ftr Tur Extn
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Foitauten are authorised to recetr»
• obKCriptloDi.
Bcecple eoplea will t» forwarded wbea requested.
. Mail nibKrfters *a crterta* cbaar* cf aaflresa should b*
SarttcoUr to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tasvra a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKJLAAU OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
A«S Center Street Telephone Kortn TT
C GEORGE KHOGXESS. Manager Foreign Ad»tr
tUlnar, Marquette Building-, Chicago.
<Losc Diatanot Telephone "Central 2(318.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
H0RTOH E. CKAJVJt; 14O6 G Street, K. XV.
NEW TORS REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHE5 B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW T0RK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAJILTOX llerald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf •Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Hurray Hill Hotel; Flftb-areoue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houae; P. O. Newa Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAHCn OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, epea
S&tU t:SO o'clock. 800 Hayes, opes until 0:80 o'clock. «9
McAllister, open until 0 :30 o'clock. CIS LarkJn. open until
»:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1094 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until U
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
UBUl » o'clcck. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Call srabaertfeers' contemplating a ehange of
reddeaee dnrtng the summer months ean have
their paper forwarded by mall to their neir
addresses by notifying Tbe CaU Oualneas Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and la represented .»y a local agent In
all toxmm on the coast.
t-v RESIDENT DIAZ, now serving his sixth term
w~"^ as President of Mexico, has just been nomi
•*• nated for a seventh term by a convention of
what is known as the National Liberal party. Vir
tually it was a convention of the Diaz party and it
practically settles the question of succession. / There
will be no opposition. The National Liberals have
spoken and the rest of the country will make it unan
imous.
The one feature of interest in the proceedings
leading up to the renomination 6f the President was
the statement of Senor Bulnes in making the nomina
tion speech that no nation of which it can be said
that the Presidency of any one man is a national
necessity can be rightly called a republic. Such a
statement made on such an occasion is evidence that
the followers of Diaz are by no means satisfied with
existing conditions. Bulnes is reported as saying:
"The country is constantly hearing just praises of
the work of General Diaz, but it would like to know
whether the work is precarious, or permanent; a
work that will prove ephemeral, or a labor of definite
salvation." He went on to point out that a nation
cannot be based upon an individual, however saga
cious and patriotic he may be. A nation must be
based on law. What Mexico needs is an established
loyalty, not to Diaz but to constitutional principles
assuring equal rights, which will preserve at once
the strength of government and the liberties of the
people.
It appears that up to this time the most patriotic
of Mexicans believe they cannot get along without
Diaz in the Presidency, and the belief is not without
its justification, at least so far as appearances go.
Diaz has worked wonders for his country, but when
he is gone his example will serve as a precedent to
encourage less fit men to strive to hold the Presi
dency, term after term, for life. Great as may be the
need of Mexico just now for a strong man at the
head of affairs, it is questionable whether Diaz can
serve his country so well in office as he could by
imitating Washington and setting an example of vol
untary retirement as a proof that the republic does
not depend upon any one man. Mexican patriots, of
course, understand their country and their country
men better than outsiders can do, and they believe
Diaz to be a necessity of the time. It is, therefore,
up to them to hasten the establishment of law and
the infusion of sound principles among the. people?
so that when Diaz departs in the natural order of
human events the republic may survive him and go
on its way in peace and prosperity.
DIAZ AND MEXICO.
A London man is soon to be tried in a court of
justice because he attempted to commit suicide. If
it is the intention of the prosecutors to persuade the
fellow that his life is of some value they are creating
in his mind an absurdly exaggerated opinion of his
worth.
It may be that Mr. Sonnichsen forms his judg
ment upon intercourse with the Scandinavian and
other alien born sailors who man what American mer
chant ships we have. To judge fairly of the effect of
blue water upon the love of country felt by an Ameri
can one has to go back to the remote time when our
ships were manned by our own people, and every
American sailor, whether in the navy or the merchant
service, was under the spell of the legends of Paul
Jones, Perry, Decatur, Lawrence and the grim sea
fighters who made Columbia the gem of the ocean.
It is quite sure that the American sailors of that day
were as patriotic as their fellow citizens on shore
and felt no desire to exchange citizenship of this
country for the greater citizenship of the world.
It may be perfectly true that the aliens who have
taken their places have forgotten the land where they
were born without acquiring the love of any other.
They may have articled under so many flags that one
banner is the same as another to them, and that may
account for the slack allegiance to the laws of this
country sometimes shown by them. But we think
that patriotism is still the rule with the few real
American born sailors who linger as evidence that the
seafaring character of our people is not entirely lost.
This subject was discussed much during the Civil
War, attention having been called to it by Mr. Hale's
book, "The Man Without a Country." During that
examination of the power of patriotism over land and
sea it was found that a far larger percentage of army
officers, educated at West Point, deserted their flag
and fought against it, than of navy officers educated
at Annapolis. In the discussion for discovery of
reasons for this the conclusion was reached that
deep water cruising had on an American sailor an
effect exactly opposite to that stated by Mr. Son
nichsen. Instead of exchanging his sense of citizen
ship in one country for a greater citizenship of the
world he held it closer and dearer, and the flag that
he had seen streaming on far waters, where other
banners were given to the winds, became to him
more precious by contrast. So the sailors of the
ante-war time were not sectionalists. They really
knew no North, no South, and the flag represented
to them one whole, entire and unbroken nation.
Hence it was found that while army pfficers from the
Southern States left their commands and went into
the Confederate service in great numbers, navy of
ficers from the same States stood by the flag, because
they felt the national instinct stronger than the lands
men.
We incline to the opinion that if our merchant
fleets were manned by natives, as they were once, it
would be found that sailing many seas increased
rather than diminished their patriotic love of their
own country. The inquiry becomes of interest in
view of the effort to increase our merchant marine
and the steady enlargement of the navy. The heroic
Lawrence, whose tomb and tablet, inscribed "Don't
give up the ship," are within a few feet of the throng
on Broadway, New York, went out to battle with
misgivings because his hastily gathered crew were
mostly aliens and not Americans. We want on our
warships, not citizens of the world, but those, wheth
er native or alien born, who feel that the citizenship
of the republic is greater than that of the world.
MR. SONNICHSEN, who promises to become
the Marryat of the seas and to tell over
the story of Jack of these days, is authority
for the statement that sailors are devoid of patriot
ism. He makes claim for them, however, that in
their wide wanderings on the water they become
brothers to all men, with a fraternal feeling that in
cludes races and nationalities the landsman never sees.
As the writer puts it: "The sailor has lost his citi
zenship of country to gain the greater citizenship of
the world."
LAND AND WATER PATRIOTISM.
service of the industries indicated by their title.
They were sound banks and the industries which
they served profited by their existence. Other forms
of business have required special banks. The Wells-
Fargo Bank and its many branches were instituted
to do the business of that great express company.
The commission man or corporation, like Porter
Brothers, should not be the fruit grower's banker
nor handle. his credit. Such a corporation should
neither bank nor speculate, and Porter Brothers did
both.
When there is a fruit growers' bank the industry
will have another guaranty of prosperity.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,. JULY 18, 1903.
PHOTOGRAPH OF THE COMET BORRELLY
IS TAKEN AT THE LICK OBSERVATORY
From San Francisco— L. Leszynsky, A.
Rothschild, at the Winsonia; J. J. Havi-
Blde Jr., at the Bartholdi; A. Liebenthal,
at the Hoffman; H. O. Palen, at the Al-
NEW YORK, July 17.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York:
Calif ornians in New York.
It has been announced officially that the bankers
of America will not give Becker, the prince of
forgers, $300 a month as a sop to induce him to re
frain from the commission of new crimes. The bank
er* evidently know that it is impossible to buy honest
blood in veins where honest blood does not flow.
Becker will commit no more crime because he can
sot.
6
Whisper to Your Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW— SOMETHING FASCINATING
BY MARY E. WILKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Full-Page Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
I NEXT SDWDAY CALLl
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every line of the "Letters Fro*a
a Self -Made Merchant to His Son," Called
Pastels in Pork No- 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BLIND "CATTLE KING"
( You'll Simply Roar Over the Next |i
\ * COLORED COMIC SUPPLEMENT J
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, Made Especially
for Framing,
watson's "HIGHLAND CATTLE"United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 8an
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wfiarf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tic
AMERICAN VESSEL. WHICH
SUSTAINED SERIOUS DAM
AGE IN A RECENT GALE.
To Samoan Islands — 32 bbls flour, 439 cs S
pkgs salmon, .249 pkgs groceries and provisions,
15 cs whisky. 1232 lbs dried fruit, 38 pkgs pota
toes and onions. 12 pkg« fresh fruits and vege
tables, 7G cs canned goods, 375 lbs meals, 40,
662 It lumber, 11 pkgs bicycles and parts, 6
pkgs drugs, 6 pkgg dry goods. 10 cs coal oil, 44
kegs nails, 6 cs shoes, 4 pkgs machinery.
To New Zealand— 27.034 lbs dried fruit, 12,
762 lbs raisins. 333 cs canned salmon, 1183 lbs
coffee, 6 cs cheese, 5 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 402 cs canned goods. 2540 Ibn codfish.
178'2 lbs 34 cs meals. 100 gals wine. 15 cs dried
vegetables. 261 pkgs bicycles and parts, 48 p!l«s
machinery, 13 pkga eewlng machines, 37 pkffs
scales. 10 pkgs acid. 29.039 lbs sheet lead, 108
pigs lead. 11 cs firearms, 179 cs boots and
shoes, 18 pkgs dry goods, 134 pkgs paper, 5
pkgs drugs. 13 pkgs agricultural Implements.
To Australia— K230 lbs dried fruit. 1800 lbt
raisins. M.947 lbs coffee, 629 pkgs fresh fruit.
26 cs salmon. l$00 lbs codfish, 321 cs canned
goods. CO 10 lbs hops. 2300 lbs meals. 4571 lbs
Tfce eteamer Sonoma, which sailed on Thurs
day for Sydney via Honolulu, Paso Pago and
Auckland, carried an assorted merchandise car
go, valued at $2*6,716 and distributed as fol
lows: For Honolulu. $103,622; Samoan Islands,
$10,476; New Zealand. $00,311; Australia, $71,
770; Fiji Islands. $162; Nouamea. $100; Fan
ning Island. $201; South Africa, $C3. The lead
ing exports were as follows:
To Honolulu — 125 bbls flour, 1836 pkgs fresh
fruit. 29 pkgs fresh vegetables, 891 pkgs po
tatoes. 273 pkgs onions, 318 cs canned goods,
r.'.tiHj lbs rice. t>0 lbs glucose. 1000 lbs sugar.
5000 lbs codfish. 68 pkgs drugs and sundries, t> cs
wine. CO cs eggs. 147a lbs cheese, 6110 lbs but
ter 238 pkgs groceries and provisions, 5 bbls
beer. 1200 lbs dried fish, 30 bbls salmon, bM)
lbs beans. 6W lbs 00 cs bread. 2529 lba ham
and bacon, 1165 lbe dressed poultry. 5109 lbs
fresh meat, 1305 lbs 17 cs fresh fish, 0 cs
liquors. •)'¦ pkgs electrical supplies, 210 pkgs
dry goods. 232 cs boots and *hoes, 2& pkgs sew
ing machines, 7 pkgs leather. 32 boxes
noap, 218 pkgg paints and oils, .:<;<)
kegs red and white lead, 20 colls rope, 213
pkgs paper. 36 pkgs machinery, 22 cs hats, 110
pkgs marble, 124 cs arms and ammunition, 4
bales twine. 18 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 29
pkgs agricultural Implements, 109 bare 00 bdls
iron. 17 cs rubber goods, 21,205 lba 7 cs to
bacco.
The Sonoma's Cargo.
The French bark Marie llollnos sailed yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with the
first cargo of the new crop of grain. The car
go consisted of 42.933 centals of barley, valued
at J49 400 and 11.200 centals of wheat, valued
at $15,100. The vessel also carried 4000 feet
of lumber a« dunnage, valued at $ 60.
First Shipment of New Grain.
The British ship Blythswood is chartered for
lumber from Portland to South Africa at R5s;
tchconer Henry K. Hall, same businesa from
Puget Sound to Sydney. 30s; French ship Be
rar.gere <at Port Los Angeles), same, from
Burrard Inlet to Cork. U. K., terms private,
chartered prior to arrival.
The barkentine Quickstep loads general car
go here for Santa Rosalia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The American ship C. S. Bement. which ar
rived yesterday at Philadelphia from Honolulu,
reports that on April 25 she encountered a
heavy gale during which she carried away her
maintop gallant yard and her fore lower and
mizzen low topcallR.
Had a Bough Voyage.
Branch Hyflrographic Office. tT. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 17. 1903.
The Time Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — I. e., at noon
(t the 120ta meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. J. C. BUBNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
WASTTrNTITOX. July 17. — Secretary Hay left
to-<5ay for his summer home on Lake Euna
j>e*. New Hampshire, where he will remain
until autumn.
The rate of reinsurance on the Hermis. Mil
ton Park and Edouard Detallle was advanced
yesterday In each case to 10 per cent. The
Hermis Is out 132 days from Fremantle for
Shanghai and although only reinsured for 10
per cent considerable anxiety is felt for her
safety and speculators are beginning to r-lay
her "not to arrive."
Reinsurance Bates.
Tizne Ball.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|July 18
Centralla Humboldt July 18
Edith Seattle July 18
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia July 18
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July IS
Noyo Humboldt July 10
Iaqua Humboldt Bay July 19
Pomona Humboldt July 19
Argo Eel River Ports July 18
North Fork.:. Humboldt I July la
Columbia Portland & Astoria 1 July 19
Herodot Seattle [July li»
Leelanaw.... Tacoma |July 19
Alliance Portland & Way Ports July zu
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. July 20
Olympic Fairhaven I July 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul...|July 20
San Mateo... Tacoma. fJuly 20
N Mara China & Japan July 20
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Lothian Hongk'g via Manzanlllo July 21
Eureka Humboldt July 21
Alameda Honolulu I July 21
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |July 21
Titania Nanalmo July 22
Corona Humboldt fJuly Tl
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma ....|July 22
Santa Rosa... Ban Diego & Way Pts. | July 23
Newport New York via Panama, | July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria 1 July 2*
M. Dollar Everett |July 24
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena July 24
Santa. Crua% . • Newport & Way Ports. July 25
Rival Willapa Harbor July 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports.'... July 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports July 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. July 27
Clavering. . . . China & Japan July 28
TO SAIL. "
Steamer. Destination. Balls. Pier.
July 18.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:3OpPlerl9
Eur«ka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Colon N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Iledondo. ... Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
B. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmfPler 22
July 10.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Phoenix.... Pt. Arena & Mendcn 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier U
July SO.
Czarina Coos Bay direct... . 8 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
S Cruz Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier la
City Puebla. Vuget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
July 221.
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 10
•Inly *»¦«¦
lanua Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier lu
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier a
July *••>.
State of Cal Ban Diego & Way. ft am Pier la
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier iv
July —1.
Herodot.... Hamburg & Way pjer —
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 1J
July 25.
Olympic... Whatcom & F'h'n. 10 am Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Bound Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
Lothian.... China & Japan.... Pier —
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
July 27.
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
July 29.'
Rival j Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 3
~ FROM SEATTLE.
Btcamer. For. 8all«.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July lg
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Juiy i«j
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 19
Eureka Nome July 20
Bpokane Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome July 23
Humboldt.... fikagway & Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle.. Ekagway & Way l-rrts. July 26
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Port*. (July 28
Nome City.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 29
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... Aug. i
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 1
Aztec Nome Aug. 1
The American ship St. Francis sailed yester
day with a cargo of coal for Unalaska and
Dutch Harbor. She has been chartered for
this purpose by the North American Commer
cial Company, which. Einee the closing down
of the Eninsmulr mines, has be<?n obliged to
get the coal it needed to operate Us canneries
from the United States.
Rev. A. B. Karney, who succeeded Rev.
Mr. Fell as chaplain of the Seaman's Institute
at this port, has accepted a call to Suffolk
shire. England, and Is now on his way back
to that country- In the leaving of Mr. Kar
ney the apprentices on the Hritlsh ships visit
ing this port lose a valuable friend and thr»
institute a head which has ruled Its destinies
through some stormy times with remarkuMy
good Judgment. The chaplain leaves many
warm friends here and som* enemies and of
both he has reason to l>e proud.
«
Coal for Alaska
Returns to England.
liovements of Steamers.
popcorn. 5 cs arms and ammunition, 6 pkgs
sewing machines, 2t" pkgs paper, 153 pkga bl
cyles and parts, ft pkgs dry goods, 26 pkgs
electrical supplies, 780 bdls shocks, 45 cs type
writers 41 cs boots and shoes, 21 cs rubber
goods. 32 pkgs leather. 42 pkgs machinery, 2390
lbs solder. 60 pkgs. acid. 49 pkgs agricultural
implements. 12S pkgs drugs, 30 cs scales, »50
doors. 717 rkga door stock. s
To Fiji Islands— 22 ca canned goods, 20 crts
onions. 22S lbs dried fruit. 200 lbs candy, 1 cs
meal. 4 cs salmon.
To Noumea — 24 cs canned goods and 3 pkgs
groceries and provisions.
To Fanning Island— 1680 ft lumber. 10 pkgs
millwork. 10 cs paint. 1 cs dry goods, 1 bx
glats, 2 pkgs hardware.
To South Africa — 25 cs canned fruit.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried $25,000 in United States silver coin for
Honolulu. .
fleet and the big Theben, which
left here April IS for the German home
port. Is hard and fast ashore near the
Straits of Magellan. The cabled report
of the disaster, which reached the local
agency of the line yesterday, is meager,
but contains the satisfactory information
that passengers and crew are safe. The
vessel and cargo, It Is thought, will be
ccme a total loss. The place where she
struck Is described as In Gray Channel,
In Smyths Channel, near the Straits of
Magellan.
The Theben has a net registered ton
nage of 2SC3 tons. She Is 3SS feet long.
45.9 feet in beam and 27 feet deep. She
was built in Germany in 1SS7 and is com
manded by Captain A. H. Schultz. She
was a pplendidly equipped vessel, with
comfortable quarters for passengers and
plenty of room for carrying all kinds of
freight. •
FOR the third time since the Kos
mos line has been running Its
steamships from Hamburg to this
port disaster has overtaken the
City Engineer Grunt ky yesterday issued
a statement of the plans of the new
sewer system for the city, which will be
undertaken if the citizens so decide by
I otlng on the proposed bund Issue In
September.
The total cost cf the new sewer system
is estimated at JT.^50.000 and the work
¦^vill probably taite some years to com
piete from the time it is commenced.
The condensed statement of the plans
r.ade by the City Engineer Is as follows:
The rlar.s of a. sewtr system about to be
submitted by the City Engineer as a basis for
the proposed bond 1efu« conform in their main
features to the project voted upon in 1900. dif
fering from It. hon-ever. in the amount of
fewer work reoornmendul for immediate con-
Ftructicn ar.d in the cost estimate, which has
had to be ry>vis«-d throughout on the basis of
currr nt prices of material and current wages.
Among the departures from the lines of the
criminal project a change in the location of the
North Point main sewer, from New Montgom
ery and Montgomery streets to Second and
street*, may be noted.
The major porttcn of the sewage of this city
if at present discharged into the open water
way at Channel street and the rest at many
points along the city's water front. It is pro
jwed. under the project as submitted, to effect
the difposa.1 of the eew&ge by the delivery of
th? major sortion thereof into the swift cur
r*-me of the bay well oft ehore on the northern
:rcnt of the city. A pupplemental system of
*-.ewers for the southeastern section of the city,
with outtaul at Hunters Point, forms a part of
the project.
WILL IMPROVE CONDITIONS.
The large sewers now delivering eewags and
storm waters to the bay are to be retained In
• vise for storm waters alone. Some of them, as
in the case with the large Division-Ftreet and
the Urannan-Ptreet Fewer?, will require m be
reconstructed in large part and extended. This
is " particularly true of the I>ivi»ion-street
M l »er, which has gradually bten destroyed by
finking into a yielding foundation until at the
present day It is in such condition that long
stretches cf it may collapse at any tme.
The proposed sewor system will not only bet
ter the present ocr-flltions in the Mission, where
annual overflows are the rule, but it w-lil im
"prove sanitary conditions throughout the city
l'T effecting quick disposal of sewage from the
densely populated section and by providing
main and outlet severs for many of those
, which are remote from the present center o£
population.
Ocean View and FunnysiJe. Ir.gleside, Uni
versity Mound and other similarly located sec
tions will be given main sewers. Means of
st-wage disposal will also be provided for the
Sunset district and for the ocean slope region
northerly from Golden Gate Park.
In the lowlylr.g business sections of the
fity, by separation of sewage proper from the
ftcna waters. It is proposed to effect a service
tc a much lcwer level than is now possible,
and much annoyance cf flooding cellars through
back How of fixtures will be avoided. The
quick removal cf sewage and its disposal in a
tne'hod U-ajbt oflemsive and where it cannot be
come a menace to health are to be accom
plished by the rtmr-osed system.
.MANY MILES OF NEW PIPES.
The 6ewen. now to be built have an aggre
gate length of 120 miles, not Including the
cast iron force mains several miles in length
leading from the pumping ttatlnns. The new
brick sewers alone will have a length of about
TC miles, of which three miles are In tunnel.
Many mlies of old 6ewers are in addition to
tjiis new work to be remodeled or partially re
i .nstructed.
tome cf the prcponed work is cf a class that
If very expensive, owing to the fact that
KWm must be built In some of the sections
<*f the city which were at on<» time swamps «_r
nud fiat* and where a support on piles is
n»>r-«>ssary.
The lareest wwer cf these required to be
at onre constructed will be the Division- street
ooBdatt for sicrm waters. The outfall section
r.f this conduit near its point of discharge at
Seventh and Channel streets has been planned
a* a conduit with three rectangular compart
ments, each J< l i feet wide and 8 feet high. >
< T.!y two cf thi-se compartments are to be now
constructed: the ether two when the greater
extent of Impervious area and a consequent
greater run-eft from the tributary district
makes the enlargement to full size necessary.
Of the tr.ain intercepting sewers, the largest,
longest and mort important will be the North
Foint main. This will be a circular sewer for
most ol li* Ungth, attaining a greatest diame
ter of 9^» feet in Ielais Creek Valley, above
Mission road, and termicatiEg with a long
s*K-tton rear the northern water front 8 feet
in diameter.
Citizens to Say f Improve
ments Shall £ Made at
Cost of $7,250,000.
City Engineer Grunsky
Is Prepared to Be
gin the Work.
SEWER SYSTEM
PLANS ISSUED
• OCEAN STEAMER8. ¦ - .
CHERBOURG — Arrived July 17— Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm der Grosse, for Bremen, and pro
ceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 17— Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool, . for Boston.
Sailed July 17— Strar Commonwealth, for
Boston.
BOULOGNE — Arrived July 17 — Stmr Rhyn
dam. from New York, via Rotterdam.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived July 17 — Stmr Gros
ser der Fuerst, for Bremen, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 16 — Stmr Bel
genland. from Philadelphia; etmr New Eng
land, from Boston.
GREENOCK— Arrived July IT— Stmr Cartha
genlan, from Philadelphia.
MO VILLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Anchoria,
from Now York. -.
California souvenirs— great variety at
Sanborn & Vall's, 741 Market street •
bark Gen Neumayer, from Oregon.
CORONEL— Arrived July 16— Stmr Texan,
from New York, for San Francisco, to sail
July 17 for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL — Sailed July 2 — Ger stair
MemphU. for Hamburg.
DUNGENESS— Parsed July 15— Br ship
Netherby, from London, for Honolulu.
USHANT — Passed July 17 — Ger Btmr Tot
mes, hence March 18, for Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed July 16— Schr
Kona, for Honolulu. July 14 — Br ship Sev
ernbank, for San Frandaco. July 17 — Fr ship
Ernest Siegfried, for San Francisco.
LAUNCESTON — Arrived prior to July 17 —
Brig Geneva, from Eureka.
HAKODATE — Arrived July 16— Bktn Ama
zon, from Tslntau.
BRISBANE — Sailed July 16 — Br stmr Aoran
gl, for Vancouver.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to July 17 — Stmr
Sierra, hence June 25.
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to July 17 —
Spanish stmr Alicante, from Liverpool, for
Manila.
Ralph Campbell, an electrician, residing
In San Francisco, filed a petition In bank
ruptcy yesterday in the United States
District Court His liabilities are $595;
no assets.
Electrician Fails.
Friday. July 17.
Btmr Phoenix, Odland. 14 hours from Mendo
clno.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 houra from
Mendocin*.
Stmr South Portland, Hornsman, 60 hour*
from San Pedro.
Br ship Drummuir, Armstrong, 43 days from
Hakodate.
Schr Sailor Boy, Lurmann, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 6 days from
Whatcom.
Schr Abble, Larsen, 30 hours from Fish
Rock.
Schr James H Bruce, Swanson, 5 days from
Aberdeen.
CLEARED.
Friday, July 17..
Stmr Santa Rota. Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific ("oast SteamshiD Co.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlln, Kodlak; North
America Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Friday. July 17.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Shea, Astoria.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, Crescent City.
Stmr "Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, Graya Harbor.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Westport, Smith, Westport.
Ship St FtancLs, Murray, Unalaska and
Dutch Harbor.
Ship Henry B Hyde, Amesbury, New Tork.
Fr bark Marie Mollnos, Guillon, Queenstown.
Barge Santa Paula, Nellsen, Ventura, in tow
of tug: Rescue.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Sluslaw.
Schr Novelty, Huffman. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
Schr F W Howe, Keegan, Port Towneend.
Schr Pclaris, Murchlson. Port Townaend.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 17, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed July 7— Stmr Rose
crans. for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Sailed July 16— Stmr Uniatilla,
for Seattle and San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 17— Schr Golden
Shore, from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Minne-'
tonka, hence July 12; etmr Dolphin, from
Skagway; stmr James Dollar, hence July 12.
Sailed July 16 — Ger stmr Herodot, for San
Francisco. July 17 — Ship Occidental, for Dutch
Harbor.
ASTORIA — Sailed July 17 — Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 17— Stmr Despatch, from Eu
reka.
Arrived July 17— Ship Two Brothers, hence
June 20. •
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 17— Stmr
State of California, hence July 16, and sailed
for San Diego.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July 17— Br stmr
Royalist, for Buenos Ayres.
REDCNDO— Sailed July 17— Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco.
MENDQCINO— Arrived July 17— Stmr Sco
tia, from Santa Barbara.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived July 16— Bktn J
M Griffiths, hence June 26.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 17— Bkt«
James Tuft, from Honolulu.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed July 16— Stmr Olym
pic, for Ban Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 17— Stmr Alli
ance, from Portland.
TATOOSH— Passed July 17— Schr Manila.
from Antofagaata. for Port Gamble; stmr Me
teor, from Nome, for Seattle.
Passed in July 17— Stmr Elihu Thomson,
from Nome, for Seattle; bark Dashlnj? Wave
from Alaska, for Seattle; Btmr Queen, hence
July 15, for Victoria.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 17— Stmr Ra
mona, for San Pedro. '/
EUREKA— Arrived July IT— Schr Olga, from
Makaweli. .
Arrived July 17— Schr Glendale, from Ta
hiti; schr Mary E Russ, hence July 9.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Noyo. for San. Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 17— Schrs Annie
M Campbell and W J Patterson, from Grays
Harbor; schr Marion, from Willapa Harbor;
stror Santa Cruz, hence July 13.
Sailed July 17— Stmr Santa Cruz, for 8an
Francisco.
• MENDOCINO— Sailed July IT— Stmr Bcotla,
for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Bailed July 17— Stmr South Coast
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 16 — Schr Mary
E Foster, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed Ally 16 — Ship Jabez Howes, for Port
ownsen . EABTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 16— Ship c
S Bement, from Honolulu.
' FOREIGN a*ORTS.
ALGO A BAY— Arrived Drlor to July I£-Fr
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sun rises 9:01
Sun sets 7:80
Moon rl?es 0.00 a. in.
O Time Time Timel Time
5. — Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L W H W L W
18 I 0:131 -7|11:15| 2.215:491 6.5|
L W H W L W H W
19 0:W O.8 7:42 3.8 12:16 2.6 6:39 6.7
20 1:60 0.2 8:37 4.1 1:20 2.7 7:33 6.0
21 2:43 — 0.4 9:50 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:2S 6.0
22 a:33— 0.8 10:46 4.7 a:15 2.7 9:23 0.2
23 4:201—1.1 11:31 5.0 4:09 2.6|10:16 6.3
24 | 5:05|—1.2112:141 6.2| 5:02 2.4[ll:10 6.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand coljmn and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dnv, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the
mean of the lower low waters.
General George Stone received a letter
yesterday informing him that the Port
land, Me., contingent of members of the
Grand Army, 'Woman's Relief Corps,
Sons of Veterans and representatives of
kindred societies will leave Portland, Me.,
by special train, magnificently appointed
and equipped, at S:50 a. m. on August 7,
by the Maine Central, Boston and Maine,
Canadian Pacific, Wabash, Rock Island,
Rio Grande, Western and Southern Pa
cific roads, arriving in San Francisco on
the morning of Sunday, August 16, and
go to their quarters at the Manhattan
Hotel. The department headquarters for
Maine will be at the Grand Hotel. The
delegation will remain hero until August
22 and then leave for Los Angeles by the
Coast line. The train will stop at Palo
Alto to afford the party an opportunity
to see the town and the Stanford Univer
sity. Stops will be mado at San Jose and
other points of interest on the way to
Los Angeles, where a reception will be
tendered the party by the veterans of
that city and the people. They will leave
Los Angeles on Wednesday afternoon,
August 26, going north to Portland, Se
attle, Victoria and returning East from
Victoria by the Canadian Pacific, making
stops at Glacier, Banff and Montreal.
Quite a number of the veterans who are
coming with the Portland party attended
the encampment in this city in 1886 and
they look forward to the coming visit
with much pleasurable anticipation. They,
have not forgotten the reception tendered
them seventeen years ago and are glad
to visit San Francisco once more. People
residing in this city and in other places
on the coast who have formerly lived In
Maine are making ample preparations to
give the visitors a rousing reception.
The hotel committee has secured ac
commodations for more than 6000 visitors
and is booking more every day. The re
ception committee is busy preparing for
the reception of the vast number of vis
itors on their arrival in this city and the
members of the committee who live out
of town axe equally busy making prepar
ations in their respective localities.
The Rock Island has been chosen as the
official route by the officers of the G. A.
R. of Kansas for coming to the encamp
ment. On the special train, which will
leave Topeka August 13, will be the de
partment commander and his staff, the
Women's Relief Corps and tho ladles
of the G. A. R. This train will make long
stops at Manitou and Salt Lake City.
West of Denver it will be run over the
Denver and Rio Grande.
The committee, after receiving letters
from all parts of the Eastern States in
forming it of the thousands who are com
ing to the encampment, makes the follow
ing calculation of the probable influx.
If only from 20,000 to 25,000 visitors from
the East and from abroad should come
here, there will certainly be half as many
more from the Pacific Coast States.
Though the greatest number will come
from near by cities, perhaps as many as
$50,000 from California, who will come to
this city for one or two days, especially
the days of the great parades. It will be
impossible for the restaurants to feed so
vast a multitude and there is fear that
many persons will have to wait hours for
a meal unless some extra provision be
made to feed those people. The committee
suggests that caterers apply in time to the
proper authorities for permission to place
lunch counters, booths or tents in cer
tain localities, near the principal thor
oughfares, where coffee, tea, sandwiches
and other light food and refreshments
may be sold to the hungry.
General Stone invites all persons in the
matter to call at headquarters. Grand
Hotel, and confer with the committee
upon a plan to provide for the immense
influx which is sure to come.
The Grand Army posts of the San Joa
qufn, Sacramento, Santa Clara, Napa
and Sonoma valleys are making
extensive preparations for keeping
open house In San Francisco dur
ing the week of the Thirty-seventh
National Encampment. The .display of
fruits and wine will be exceptionally large
and Inviting. In exhibitions of this char
acter there is bound to be a spirit of ri
valry between the leading counties of this
region of the State. The prospect of dis
plays in this city that will attract the
admiration of Eastern visitors is doubly
pleasing in view of the intelligence that
Los Angeles is making an effort to sur
pass all her former achievements in ex
hibiting the products of Southern Cali
fornia. Veterans who , purpose visiting
the encampment in San Francisco have
been invited to tarry a few days in the
city of the Angels. Reports from the
East indicate that there will be a pretty
general acceptance of Los Angeles hos
pitality. \
The question of feeding the vast in
flux of strangers during the National En
campment of the Grand Army in this
city is engaging the attention of General
Stone, chairman of the committee of man
agement, and the members of his commit
tee. In their opinion the influx of strang
ers during that week, from August 17 to
August 24, will probably be the largest
in the history of San Francisco and the
question of how to feed so many thou
sands in addition to the regular patrons
of our restaurants and hotels, they say,
should engage the attention of hotel pro
prietors, keepers of boarding-houses and
restaurants and caterers.
Additional Contributions Are
Made to Patriotic
Estimate Touching the
Number of Encamp
ment Visitors. . /
PLANS TO FEED
THE GRAND ARMY
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903.
Kosmos Liner Is Beached Near the Straits of Magellan,
and Although Passengers and Crew Have Been Saved
It Is Feared Vessel and Cargo/Are Beyond Redemption
STEAMSHIP THEBEN DRIVES ASHORE
AND PROBABLY WILL BE TOTAL LOSS
SATURDAY. JULY 18.
7
ADVEBTIEZMZMTS.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
f it goes so far.
Sold all crer the world
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great &
Museum of anatomy^
V Or Tbe Lar^eit Autooical Mutton in tie \
U _jro_ World. Weifcaesses or *ny contracted m
V 5j£icS=& <*.«eaie *•«•*••••'/ «¦"«¦** hjr the oldejt T
O FsS £3| fcpeeialw on the Ccut Eit j6 yean. %
0 *zf*\ DR ' JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN A
1 1(55^^8 Con«ult*tlo» free and itrictly prirjte. \
0 I I#'v /I Tremtnient ptnoza'.f or bjr letter. KB
E 1/ Ml Jtmtnt Curt in erery cj»e undertaken. T
DtA ilB «rte for Book. r«ui.©«ornv»r A
" \ il' BAMBIACE, MAILED FREE. ( \W
it U J «sJs«Ms book for nra) \
V OK JOUDA> <* * O.. 1051 Market St.B. P. V
Jf"% Those suJTerlne from wealt-
9^ nesses whieh sap the pleasures
" * " of life should take Juven Pills.
'i> One bottle will tell a story of
marrelous results. This medicine has more
rejurcriatiiie. vitalizine force than ha« erer
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
or)!/ on rew ipt of this adv. an<l «.
M«« by its originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hwj'i. .Sarsaparilla. LowelL Mass.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The tnosst wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the fcexual Organs ior both eexe*.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the
KlCnrrs «n3 Waiter. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE, A rents.
Kg Market et.. K. r.— <Sepd for Circulars.)
jv^g^&jr MENANDWOMErY.
*£3gjUrTcKi>'HfcS|| C«e Bi« O for unnatural
£rmm t. I to * «an^fl| dUcbtreci.ioflarumatioDi,
,- fiSw Ouractced II irritations or alterations
pj^ji not t» «trtotor». ™ t ,f ma cod ¦ membrane*.
g— J rr~M*i /•• UrU r Pain.etj. and cot utrlD-
CY«1THE EUKlCKt VSCtLUO. cent or poUooons.
v«z| C!k::kkiti,c RS [ huia t> 7 DrorcUt*.
CS.A. >§a or test In plain wrapper,
AljflLt^^JQi tr exprcift. prepaid, {or
XNg> aJWBgrtra 11.00. or 3 bottlM t2.7S.
» Circular sect en r»«usrt.
Ingleside
r • n i
Coursing Park.
80=OpenStake=80
AND THB
\L D0G \L
|n= CONSOLATION =11)
1U STAKE 1V
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
July 18 and 19.
First Rundown on Saturday, beginning at \
o'clock sharp. Sunday Coursing 1 will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till laat winning flag
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES-$687.50
THOMAS TIERNEY. Judge.
EDWARD 8HORSTAO. Slipper.
I I VULI HOUSE.
To-night and Sunday Night. Matlne* THU
Afternoon.
The Last Performances of
"WANG"
With EDWIN STEVENS In the- Title Rolfc
Commencing on MONDAY NIGHT. July 20,
Special Engagement of
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
In Smith and DeKoven'a Great Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
With EDWIN STEVENS as Foxy Qulller.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 60c. 78o
Telephone. Bush 9.
Each new play Is the best, in good song. danc«
and Jest,
Our "AH Star" performers act with loSnit*
last.
We're not talking too strong; just put us to th«
test.
Then we're sure of your praise — you will be l!k«
the rest.
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
WITH—
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS."
And tha "All Star" Cast. Including. KOL.B
and DILL, and BERNARD. BLAKE. AMBER
and HERMSEN.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. BOo and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and'
50c; Children at Matinees. lOo and- 25c.
And don't wait a week for seats. You'll
have to stand up.
Seventh and Market Sts. -7
EVERY ASTERNOON ANT> EVKNLWO. '
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Robinson and Grant;
Tha Newmans; Tho Burroughs; Tha
Three Xuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and Carrie X,a Sola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night. 25c. 20c, 19c, 10c; MaUneso.
20c and 10c
Phone for Seats — South 1022.
THE lUTZTROTHERS,
HANLO.VS PANTOMIME COMPANY and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT." ¦
VISIT THE——
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS - - S\
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN DISPLAY TO-NIGH"?
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 8c.
Grand Bay Excursion
SUNDAY, JULY 19.
New. commodious steamer SUNOL. - Leare
Washlngton-st. wharf. 10 a. m. On* hour stop
at Vallejo Mare Island and other points of
Interest visited. Return at 5 p. m.
ROUND TRIP TICKETS— 80c. I
VnUrfx DON'T FAIL TO
1 UiatW tee the beautiful
j i COURT Lounging-
O fin room, the EMPIRE
dliU PARLOR, the
- PALM ROOM, the
lira tin louis xv par.
Ill dll U lor and the LA-
TI . f DIES' WRITING
Hotels R00M^
R ftPATI El N TSl __~f
\y 330 MARKET ST. Tf^SSr
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AD VE3TISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
. Fac-simile Signature of /^Lw^^
J^^^^mi | um. m bob aa
MzSgMw Absolutely Cure Blif ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦
y^||p^||^BlLIOUSNESS. i'-'/Ji _ _ _ _^
SICK HEADACHE. |L|ll g \ff Ei KJ
/%g^*Srp| TORPID LIVER. f ' *?;! B W In H%
/mW \J J. f URRED TONGUE.|pl _^ fl - -
fifiM /^INDIGESTION. LvV3 O| [J I S JB
r/jf 3J CONSTIPATION J^j ° *
SALLOW SKIN. ¦" B ™° l ™™ Bi ™™^^^^^
¦ ¦ n a it — r r— -> 8m *" pnl -
v^iiisnii R I \g Es fcJ ¦ Smalt Dom.
They TOUCH the L. I V IC R Wi Prlc*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS S&Z^J^&t&zrzS
book for the Signature * J7 r - £^**^' «*C
AMUSEMENTS. |
I ALCAZAR I
BELASCO & MATER Proprietors.
E. D. PRICE General Manager.
SPECIAL!
The Demand for Seats Is So Great
AND THE ARTISTIC SVCCESS IS
mm L SO EMPHATIC THAT J_
THB PRISONER
"1 OF ZEN DA f
¦ - — WITH L—
WHITEWHITTLESEY
™T In His Superb Performance of th«^™
Three Rudolfs I
WILL BE CONTINUED
ALL NFXT WEEK.
APPLY EARLY FOR PLACES.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Evenings 25c to 73c
Mats. Thurs. and Sat 15c to 60c
THE MANXMAN
(Hall Calne'a Master Work)
Postponed to July 27.
First Time in This City.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY, July 19.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
DeKolta; Bailey and Madison; Hodges
and Launchmere and the Biograph.
Last times of Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Houghton and
Mosher; Young and De Voie;
Julian Rose and
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKlnley.
ifAbirORNTjT
U MATINEE TO-DAY. §*\
Last Chance to See 3 m
7 c NANCE O'NEIL n^
.lO In "ROMEO AND JULIET." AO
K/» To-night and Sunday Night ~r\.
.00 —"MACBETH."
_ _ Monday— NEILL-MOROS- n c
2J) CO COMPANY In 2J5
IN THE PALACE 07 THE KINS
T Special Summer Prices —
7.V\ 60c, 25c. Seats now sell- |^"
HEATRU
f*AI EIM^EH sm FE«cscr*
uULUml&l M leaoliq mm
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
AMELIA BINGHAM
In Haddon Chambers' Powerful Drama,
A MODERNJMAGDALEN.
week Amelia Bingham
And Her Company, Presenting Clyda Fltch'a
BRILLIANT. BREEZY COMEDY.
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson."
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
¦ *^^ , Proprietors-
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Favorite Comedian,
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Funniest of All Farce Comedies,
MULDOON'S PICNIC
Brimful of Arousing Specialties!
Songs. Dances, Medleys, Burlesques!
DDirEC Evenings 10c to 50c
inltCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday, July 20— MR. HERSCHEL MAY-
ALL. In a Grand Spectacular Production of
"FAUST."
MATINEE TO-DAY.
- - LAST NIGHT - -
RAYMOND AND CAVEBLY
And Our Superb New York Co.
| IN CENTRAL PARK
TO-MORROW NIGHT
First Time in This City of tho Famous Musical
, Eccentricity,
I IN WALL STREET I
Secure Your Seats Now 25c, 60c., 75c-
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
KIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Kale. S Stockton StThe 'Kaffirs of Natal eat the flesh of
dead cattle, however advanced in decom.
position It may be
The recent censuses of Scotland and Ire
land show them to be almost equal in
population, each having but a few. more
DcoDle than the State of Ohio
French drivers and firemen and even
French fuel will be imported for the trial
in England of the De Glehn giant loco
motive engine which Is being built in
France tor tbe Great Western Railway
Enters Yosemite Jn Automobile.
YOEEMITE VALLEY. July 17.-Major
J. Fulmer, formerly of Chicago but now
a resident of the Westlake Hotel, Los
Angeles, has distinguished himself by
successfully engineering the first auto
mobile into the. Yoscmite Valley. Others
have tried the difficult mountain grades
find eharp tortuous passages, only to
have their efforts doomed to disheartening
lailura. . *
SANTA BARBARA, July 17.-The of
ficials of the mlndsunriner carnival of
KportE have decided to hold a winter ten
nis tournament and bring to this city all
the Eastern tennis cracks who can be In
dured to make the trip. It Is proposed
to bring out Malcolm D. Whitman Leo
Ware. Beais Wright. George Sheldon.
Robert Wren, Larned, Fisher and Miss
Atkinson, former woman champion ten
nis player. Miss Marian Jones will be
here during the winter.
Plan a Winter Tennis Tournament.
The Philaledlphla Press makes some
very friendly comments on Alex W. Pape,
who withdrew from the senior sculling
race owing to poor condition. The Press
says that "With his withdrawal there re
tires as true a sportsman as ever came
over the Rockies." Pape went to Phila
delphia several weeks ago to taXe part In
the American Henley. When he left San
Francisco he weighed 16S pounds and felt
vigorous. Before reaching Philadelphia
he had lost eight pounds. He began
training and four days before Henley day
had gone down to- 144 pounds. He went
about his training In a very conscientious
and unassuming manner and made many
friends. As soor. as he had got Into form
his rowing attracted the attention of all
the oarsmen on the river. The police
boat Rescue followed hlmdbwn the course
several times and those on board were
surprised to find that he covered the
Henley course in 9:20. One day he
covered one mile 550 yards In 9:13w On
the day of the race he went to the una
in apparently great form and the favor
ite. After rowing about a mile Ernes:
George, the Boston sculler, and Pape col
lided, George being considerably out o'f
his course. Soon after this Pape became
exhausted, and. after wobbling In his
shell, fell overboard. He was rescued, but
did not recover for an hour. When
weighed at the quarters of the Vesper
Boat Club he was found to be reduced
to 139 pounds, twenty-nine under his nor
mal weight. Pape said to a reporter:
"I haven't made good on my reputatiV^
this time, but I shall try again at the Na
tionals in August. In the meantime I shall
try to gain weight. The climatic condi
tions hero are different f ro ;i those of the
>\ est.
Kind Words for Pape.
greatest in the. history, of. the sport. The
players will compete at Santa Barbara
in some matches commencing next Thurs
day. ;. They will then go to ; Del i. Monte.
They will. remain, there until September",
when the scene will be shifted to Bur
lingame. Three ' excellent fields will be
available there. In addition to the c:ub
field, Francis' J. Carolan's private field,
as, well as that of C. -W. Clark, will bo
open to the teams. Mr.CaroIan has six
new ' ponies. T. A. Drlscoll, Mr. Clark
and [Charley Dunphy will' all be excep
tionally..well'mounted.. . .
cluded. The eight players who have
handed in the lowest scores be
chosen and .will be handicapped by a
committee consisting or two members se
lected by the players themselves, the club
professional being the third member of
the committee. The first match play
round must be played between July 19
and August 1. The cup is an unusually
handsome trophy . of hammered silver,
with a simple decoration of thistles.
. The arrangements for the tournament
of the Pacific Coast Golf Association at
Del Monte are now complete. The most
important event is the third annual com
petition for the open championship of the
Pacific Coast Golf Association, which will
be played on August 28 and 29. All golf
players are eligible to compete, subject
to the approval of the executive commit
tee. ; Entries, accompanied by the en
trnnce fee of $3, should be made with
R. Oilman Brown, secretary of the Pa
cific Coast Golf Association, at 310 Pine
street, noC 'later, than August 20. Tho
competitors will be paired by the com
mittee and will play over 72 holes, medal
play, the one making the lowest score
to be the ooon champion. If an ama
teur he will receive the gold medal of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association^ If
a professional he will receive $100. The
winner of second place will get the silver
medal. if an amateur, or J.10 if he is a
professional.' The winner of third place
will receive the bronze medal or $20. Any
person who pays his entrance fee to the
secretary will be considered as having
engaged to submit to the rules of the
association with regard to restrictions and
penalties. ' Matters not provided for by
the conditions of the competition^ the by
laws ' of- the association or ¦" the revised
rules. of golf will be settled. by the execu
tive committee.
AT 6 p. m. to-day the qualifying round
for the midsummer trophy of the
San Rafael Golf Club will be con-
The Alameda Cricket Club stands at the
head of the list of matches for the Brown
pennant for 1903, , having played ; six
matches, won five and lost one, giving ten
points. The San Francisco County Crick
et Club sunids second, having played five
matches, won three, lost one and drawn
one, giving seven points. Should, Son
Francisco County win to-morrow's match
Its score for the. pennant will be nine
points for the same number of matches as
have been played by the Alameda and
Pacific clubs. The Pacific Club, with only
three points to Its credit, and the Santa
Cruz Club, with nothing, are out of the
running for the pennant, which lies be
tween the Alameda and San Francisco
County clubs.
Arthur E. Rendle, president of the New
York Wanderers' Cricket Club and of the
Metropolitan District Cricket League, re^
cently wrote to this city that a meeting
of the delegates of tho proposed National
Cricket Association was about to be held
and that the formation of the association
seemed certain. Arthur E. Rendle also
states that Harold B. Richardson' and B.
Kortlang, both of the San Francisco
County Cricket Club, will In due course
receive the silver medals promised by
himself to any cricketer In the California
Cricket Association who j makes 100 or
more runs In an j Inning in a regular
scheduled match. or captures three wick
ets with three consecutive balls. A third
Bundle merit medal was ¦won last Sunday
in the match between the Alameda and
Pacific club3 by G. Harold Ward, who
scored 116 runs. : ' a
The representatives of the San Francis,
co County Club will be: Harold B. Rich
ardson, captain; E. Petersen, E. II.
Wilkes, B. Kortlang-, E. G. Sloman, T. J.
A. Tledemann, P. Johns, H. Roberts, J.
Stewart, T. Smith and T. J. A. Tiede
mann Jr." . '
Alameda, for the third time during
the present season. The Alameda team
will lack the services of F. A. Stahl, who
Is on a two weeks' vacation in the Yo
semito Valley. The following will wear
the blue and white: G. Harold Ward,
captain; F. JJ Croll, J. H. Saunders, B.
Bird. W. J. Richter, A. E. Acklom, R. B.
Hamilton. H. W. Brown, Henry Ward Sr.,
C. Banner and J. U. Bird.
ALAMEDA and San Francisco County
elevens will meet to-morrow on the
cricket ground at Webster street.
Association Has Arranged
Six Days of Continuous
Play for Men and Women
GOLFERS EXPECT
GAY WEEK ON NEW
DEL MONTE LINKS
¦ The polo season, which is about to open
on this coast, gives promise. of being, the
: Mr. Gould' is 1 not a polo enthusiast 'to
the exclusion of , other healthful sports
and pastimes. For many years he has
been identified with* yachting ' and has
owned a number of crack boats. His lat
est acquisition Is* the turbine-driven yacht
Emerald, which enjoys the distinction of
being the, first vessel of her type to cross
tho Atlantic. She is a 500-ton vessel, 236
feet over all and 26 feet 8 inches beam.
The Emerald' is capable of steaming fif
teen knots an hour. She-crossed the At
lantic, in eighteen days, encountering
rough weather on the trip.
Mr. Gould has, naturally, gone in for
automobiling, but he. .uses his machines
for their utility rather tftan for -their ex
treme speed. "
The first requisite of a player is horse
manship, of a quality which the most dar
ing cowboy of the.plalns or the Cossack
of the steppes would envy. The. player
must be in perfect, physical . condition,
which means health.
Mrs. Gould enters heartily into the pas
times in which the members of her fam
ily take part. She watches every move in
the polo games with a mother's pride and
a mother's fears— pride in the superb
horsemanship of her young sons and fears
for their safety. After each period the
boys J Invariably ride at once to their
mother's side to receive words of praise
and of encouragement.
4n directing j the energies of his sons
toward polo Mr. Gould has undoubtedly
conferred lasting benefits on j them. This
most fascinating of the games of the fifeld
develops not only strength of - limb ' and
quickness of eye, but It brings out ¦ all
the manly qualities required In. life's bat
tles. . . =V:vv:- ; iv/M • • ¦< ¦'¦:'¦ ; i
In addition to Mr. Gould, who plays
No. 1, it embraces Mr. Gould's
two young sons. Jay and King
don, who play, respectively, posi
tions 2 and 3, with Benjamin Nicoll
as "back." Without being- classed as
brilliant individual players, these four
have so perfected their team work as to
place them among the leading players of
the country.
Their greatest achievement this year
was the winning of the 1 national junior
polo championship on the field of the
Philadelphia Country Club on June 25.
The team work on this occasion was the
delight of the spectators, the four playing
with clock-like precision. The score was
14% goals to 6% -for their opponents.
Mr. Gould's polo establishment at Geor
gian Court is the most elaborate in Amer
ica and it Is probably not excelled by that
of any player in the, world. He counts his
ponies by the hundred and maintains
three fields. Two of these are for prac
tice, while the third is for match play.
Mr. Gould's sons have had the benefit of
the best Instructors in horsemanship and
In polo. A critical observer watches their
every move on the field arid at the. first
opportunity-points out any tactical mis
takes they may have made. It Is this in
struction which has made tho team play
as one man. -- .. - . -.< • u' -•:,'.;:
AT once the most interesting and the
most remarkable polo team in all
America is that organized and cap
tained by George J. Gould, master
of Georgian Court, Lake wood, New
Jersey.
San Francisco County and
Alameda Teams in Third
Test Game of This Year
LEADING ELEVENS
MEET SUNDAY ON
CRICKET GROUND
FINANCIER AND RAILROAD MAGNATE WHO, WITH HIS TWO YOUNG SONS AND A THIRD PLAYER RE
CENTLY WON THE NATIONAL JUNIOR POLO CHAMPIONSHIP IN COMPETITION \WITH THE CRACK
TEAMS OF THE EAST ON THE PHILADELPHIA COUNTRY CLUB FIELD. V
Charley Rellly's Los Angeles team Is
holding its own in second place and U
playing good ball. The team has under
gone a great change lately and many new
faces appear In the line-up. With the
three Princeton University men, the Hil
derbrand brothers and Steinwal' Los An"
geles should prove a dangerous 'factor in
the race for the pennant from now on
Butte still leads Los Angeles by about
tnrte games. .
The Butte team of the Pacific National
League still continues to lead by an am
ple margin and all through Its hitting
powers. In every game the Butte play
ers seem to land on the ball at will and
bat In runs when they please. The club
does not field well, but its sticking pow
ers make up for any deficiency in that
line. • .
All the playera who were released by
the Pacific National League and who
Joined the Coast League seem to have
made good. Both Hogg ! and Thielman.
who were released by Seattle and Los
Angeles respectively, are pitching good
ball for Portland, and Messerly, the first
baseman, who was also released by L03
Angeles, seems to have made a good im
pression on the Portland fans by his
work at the initial bag. He is also hit
ting the ball well. None of these men
were considered fast enough for the Pa
cific National League.
"We are in this baseball war to win
and we will win. This meeting in Chicago
may-result in something. We are sure
to get an even break. Both John B. Cole
man, one of the directors of • the San
Francisco club, and Manager Dugdale of
the Seattle club are on the ground and
they will look out for our Interests at the
conference and see that we get all that Is
coming to us."
Mr. Hart states that the Pacific Nation
al League is doing better than was at first
expected and- that not one of the club
owners has any complaint to make. All
the cities in the Northwest are drawing
big crowds, says Mr. Hart, and as long
as the teams play the kind of ball they
have been putting up there is no danger
of the attendance dropping off.
The Tacoma club has been strengthen
ed by tlie addition of Jimmy Hannivan
and Zeigler, who formerly played with
the Seattle team" of the Coast League.
Both are good men, Hannivan especially.
Both asked for releases from Manager
Parke .Wilson of the Seattle team and
then they immediately joined the Tacoma
aggregation.
BUTTE TEAM LEADS.
IN" FIGHT TO STAY.
'•The Tacoma club has been making big
money in the Northwest since the season
opened and everything has gone on in a
satisfactory manner. I received a telegram
from J. T. Stebb, one of the directors of
the club, the other day, In which he as
sured me positively that the club contem
plated no such move and that it would
remain with the Pacific National League.
League Is very anxious to break away
from that organization and come Into the
Pacific Coast League. These rumors are
denied by Harry Hart, president of the
San Francisco club of the Pacific Nation
al League and one of the foremost mem
bers of the association.
"There is absolutely no truth In these
wild stories," said Mr. Hart In an Inter
view, "and I want the public to under
stand clearly the position of the Tacoma
club in this matter. None of the direc
tors of the club ever as much as express
ed a desire to enter the rival league, sim
ply because they would lose by the move.
T HERE have been rumors floating
I around to the effect that the Tacoma
I club of the Pacific National Baseball
The semi-annual election of officers of
the Alameda Boating Club was held on
Tuesday night at the clubhouse on Oak
land Creek. The following were elected:
Charles H. Smith, president; F. S. Cone,
vice president ; William B. Hlnchman,
secretary: Alexander G. Bell, treasurer;
Z. T. Thorning, captain;. B. G. Lyons,
lieutenant captain; Robert Horwinski,
sergeant at arms; Frank Browning, John
Hammond and A. Klhm, members of the
executive committee. Charles H. 'Smith
was elected president for the twelfth time
and F. S. Cone vice president for the
sixth term. W. B. Hinchman has held
the office of secretary since the club was
organized. Z. T. JThorning was re-elected
captain, this being his first time In the
club's history that a captain has suc
ceeded himself. The senior barge crew of
the club will go to the Astoria, regatta,
but no representatives will take part in
the Santa Barbara carnival.
Oarsmen will sympathize with Treasurer
A. G. Bell of the Alameda Boating Club
In the loss of his wife. Mrs. Clara Sophie
Bell died at her home, 1536 Mozart street,
Alameda, on Monday and was buried on
Wednesday afternoon. She was a native
of Woodland and had lived in Alameda
for the last fourteen years. She leaves
four children.
carnival of sports now being held
there. Though there would have been
no difficulty In securing crews, the
committee in charge of the Santa Barbara
affair did not give sufficient notice. At
least two clear weeks' notice was neces
sary' to enable the San Francisco and
Alameda oarsmen, who are in the em
ploy of others from whom leave to ab
sent themselves must be obtained, to
make the necessary arrangements. Then,
when a definite offer did come from the
officials in charge of the Santa Barbara
carnival. It did not provide a sufficient
sum to meet the carsmen's expenses satis
factorily. The sum of $200 was set aside
for rowing races and It was desired that
ten oarsmen should go from this city.
Though a special rate of $14 for the round
trip per man was made by the Paciflo
Coast Steamship Company, it is consider
ed that the remaining $C0 would be inade
quate for- all expenses beyond mere trans
portation.
The oarsmen felt, also, that two crews
are not enough to furnish interesting rac
ing, and did not wish to make a poor dis
play, which m!ght tell against their be
ing invited to take part In subsequent car
nivals. If the event should become an an
nual one. The traffic on the coast steam
ers is heavy at this season, and the ac
commodations that can be obtained at
short notice are scanty. So it was de
cided to pass the Santa Barbara event
by for this year and to await the report
from Astoria, where the ninth annual re
gatta will be held next month. This de
cision was reached at a meeting of the
regatta committee of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union held
in the Emma Spreckels building on
Wednesday night.
The Astoria regatta bids fair to be an
unusually good one this year, as the citi
zens of that town are making special ef
forts. It Is promised that the oarsmen
will receive the best of attention and
quarters, and that there will be no ground
for complaint as to their treatment in
any respect. Good trophies are assured.
It is almost certain that barge crews
and single scullers from three or four of
the bay rowing clubs will accept tha of
fer of the Astorians and will take part in
the northern regatta. . A letter has been
Bent to Oswald West, secretary of the
Astoria_ regatta committee, with regard
to the number of barge crews and single
scullers that can be accommodated from
San Francisco.
NONE of the local barge crews or
Eingle scullers has gone down to
Santa Barbara to take part in the
Harry Hart Says There Is
No Truth in Rumor That
Club Desires to Desert
Barge Crews and Scullers
Ready to Visit Northern
Town for August Sports
ASTORIA REGATTA
ATTRACTS ROWING
MEN OF THE CITY
TACOMA TO REMAIN
WITH THE PACIFIC
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Work Is progressing on the yacht which
the Corinthians are building In Stone's
yard »t Harbor View for the purpose of
trying to regain the perpetual challenge
cup. She is planked and ready for the
steel truss, which will be sent from Bos
ton in pieces and put together here. She
L ls a very shallow. Hat craft with extreme
iy long overhangs at bow and stern and
has a weighted centerboard.
While returning on Tuesday afternoon
from a cruise up the Sacramento River
the schooner Muriel, flagship of the South
Bay Yacht Club, was run down In San
Pablo Bay by the submarine torpedo
boat McPIke. A large jagged hole was
made in the yacht. Just above the water
line, but with the assistance of the crew
of the McPike a tarpaalln was placed over
the hole and the yacht reached Oakland
harbor, anchoring off the California club
house. Charles P. Doe's schooner Chal
lenge of the California Yacht Club stood
by when the Muriel was injured and es
corted her to an anchorage. As the yacht
being under sail, had the right of way
over an cnglned craft, the collision Is
explained by the statement that the Mc-
Pike's steering gear did not work prop
erly when her captain tried to clear the
yacht.
Some of the California yachts returned
to their moorings last Sunday after a
rleasant trip up the Sacramento River
«nd others made Oakland Creek during
the week.
Commodore George M. Shaw of the Cal
ifornia Yacht Club, at the beginning of
the week, went with his family to Inver
ness o*i Tomales Bay. During hi* ab
sence Harold L. Martin and the crew will
take the yawl Idler out on the club
cruises.
At the clubhouse of the California
Yacht Club to-night the prizes won in the
club races held during this season will
be presented to the winners. Nearly all
of them go to Marshall and Thompson's
sloop Thelma. which will receive the pen
nant for the 1303 dinner race, the Califor
nia owners' cup and pennant, the Wallace
trophy and 1803 pennant and the class B
pennant in the annual class flajr regatta.
Members of the club and friends are in
vited to drink to the health of the sloop
Thelma and her owners. Commodore
George M. Shaw's Idler will receive the
class A flag and C. E. Clark's yawl Gyp
pie will get the class C flag. *After the
presentation of the prizes there will be
an informal programme of songs, music
and stories.
i.'arl Westerfeld. J. D. Davidson and Lieu
tenant J. S. Harloe. From Santa Bar
bara the schooner will cruise In company
with Hancock Banning" s sloop La Paloma
to Santa Catalina Island.
The San Francisco Yacht Club has re
cently lost three boats that have flown
her flags for several years. They ait-the
schooners Lurline and Ramona and the
plocp Nixie. The Lurline and Rarnona
nro now at Santa Barbara and will take
part in the race for schooners. The Ra
mor-a was built in Turner's yard at
Bealda and was originally owned by W.
N. McCarthy, at one time commodore of
the San Francisco Yacht Club. By him
plie was sold to former Governor George
\V. Baxter, who took her down to Mon
terey. She is now owned by Douglas
White, the journalist, and is enrolled in
(he Corinthian Yacht Club. She has on
board her own. W. N. McCarthy. John
Hit-be, F. J. McWilliams. Joseph Seeley,
To-day the sloop Pactolus starts from
moorings in Oakland Creek on a trip up
the Sacramento River, having three of
her crew on board. Her owner will not
be on board, as he has but recently re
turned from a two months' trip to the
Enptern States, during- which he saw some
of the trial racfs between the Columbia,
Constitution and Reliance.
The annual handicap race in cruising rig
of the Corinthian Yacht Club will be held
to-morrow, the regatta committee, con
sisting of T. J. Kavanagh. P. J. Marten
stein and J. K. Bulger, being in charge
of the event. The yachts will be anchored
outside the bar on a line drawn from
Wheelers Point, Belvedere, to the end of
the Tiburon ferry slip. The course will
be from the clubhouse to Blossom Rock,
leaving it on the starboard hand; thence
to Presidio Shoal bouy, thence to the fin
ishing line between two stakeboats off the
clubhouse. The yachts will start in the
following order: Doris. Caprice. Stella.
Venture, Emllie, Diana. Loiterer. Dread
naujrht. Kittiwake. Ninette, Phoenicia,
Elf-ie. Wawona, Cupid. Naiad, Wave,
Oomet. Belle, Josie, Fleetwlng, May, Sans
Souci, Ruby, G<nesta, Freda, Merope, Dis
covery. Espy, Neva, Arcturus, Amigo,
Meteor. Truant, Aeo'.us, Thelma, Neptune,
Mischief, Emma, Edna. Presto, Clara,
Harpoon. Spec-dwell and Nixie.
The handicap race last year proved in
teresting, and to-morrow's contest should
be even better, as the yachts have been
carefully handicapped according to their
performances. The prize? will be various
articles useful to yachtsmen.
7:45 till rr.idr.'.ght. The mandolin and
guitar quartet, consisting of Dr. Sumner
Hardy, Herbert Jones. Paul Jones and
Wilberforce Williams, will open the pro
gramme. A. W. Jones will give a vocal
solo; Alphonse Hirsch a zither solo and
Miss Grace Brown a vocal solo. The In
formal programme will be brought to a
conclusion with a recitation by Dr. T. L.
Hill. Dancing will occupy the rest of the
evening. Boats leave this city for Sausa
lito at 6:15 and 6:45 p. m. and return from
Saus&llto at 11 p. m. To-morrow is an
open date on the San Francisco pro
gramme, but many of the yachts will
cruise in the Upper Bay with parties of
freinds.
TO-NIGHT will be a special members'
and ladies' night at the clubhouse of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, where
there will be entertainment doing from
Mike Nealon Is bewailing the loss of a
valuable and highly bred litter of pup
pies, together with their sire and dam.
Some miscreant distributed poison" in
Nealon'a kennel and eleven puppies and
the welf known Pretender and Mocking
Bird were destroyed.
An oDen stake will be run at Union
Park on Sunday. Special trains will
leave Third and Townsend streets at 10:13
a. m. and 1 p. m.. stopping at Valencia,
and Twenty-fifth streets both going to and
coming from the park.
Probable winners at Insleside are:
"White Hat. Equator. "Wattles. Fair Glen.
Rob R. Belfast. Lord Granard. Laughing Wa
ter. Gold Lily. Belle Lloyd. Intruder. Medley.
Advance Guard. May Hemostead. Flower of
Gold. Miss Wilson. Rockefeller, Melrose. Grace
W. Yukon, McHenry. Jack Short. Pure Pearl.
Renegade Apache. Real Pasha, Rita S, Lady
Granard. Golden Rule, Flower Belle, Conroy,
Royal Friend, Frisky Barbara, Harlean Gladys,
Bennle Hughle, Tom Hullck, Modest Beauty,
All Baba, Luxury, Lulu Girl. Unrn.
Winners at Union Park look to be:
Firm Fellow, Sacramento Boy, Master Rock
et. Eastlake. Full Moon. AstK'.e W. John Hee
nan. Reckless Acrobat. Sea Lion, Dear Gaston.
Dom Pedro. Tlllle R. Golden Light. Rural
Artist. Cascade. Gambit. Pasha Pleasant, Reno.
Haphazard. Mickey Free. Otto, Ragged Actor.
Lord Brazen, Tralee Boy. Palo Alto. Ruby
Sankey. Fair Tralee. Manhattan Kin*. Silver
heela. Queen's Motto. Cremo and Viking.
Joseph P. Herron, a well known leash
man of Kansas, has declared that he will
send out some good dogs to compete in
the Mg stakes that are on the cards.
C. Wedel's kennel has been ruled off
because of the queer work of Frisky Bob
at Ingleside. It is the Intention of the
management to force all cour3ing men to
live strictly up to the rules. The well
known courser Creswick has been rein
stated and will again be seen In the run
ning.
Cecil Lyons has sent word that he will
be represented here during the coming
season by a kennel of hounds with which
he expects to get a good share of tha
money In the bis stakes that are to be
run.
On Sunday next he will start some of
his coursers and will keep them in fu
ture stakes to prepare them for bis
events, and incidentally to win some easy
money. Curtis figures that with some
young doga that he has in training he
has a good claim on the Futurity and in
the John Grace Cup stake one of his dogs
will at least reach the finals.
A. R. Curtis has been out of the gama
for some little while and because of the
temporary closing of Union Park ha3
given his kennel of bread winners a much
needed rest. •- .-
The Futurity of this year will probably
show the finest collection of young grey
hounds that ever coursed on a field. Every
day trainers can been seen along tha
beach with a lot of youngsters prepar
ing them for the events that are to come.
Ladles* day Champion stake will be run
in August at Union Park with prizes that
are worth striving for. Such dogs as
Sacramento Boy. Palo Alto, Rector and
a strong representation from the Curtis
kennel will b<5 on deck to run for the rich
purse. This event is In the nature of a
preparatory run for the John Grace chal
lenge cup, and will bring out almost every
dog that will be entered in that big event.
While the prizes are not so large as in the
stake to follow, followers of the game
will have a chance to get a line on the
merits of the dogs which will compete in
the big stake.
During the next few months there will
be run soma events that will bring out
some of the finest dogs in the country.
The John Grace cup stake gives promlso
of being one of the richest events known In
coursing. Already the champions that
have been before the public for the last
few years have been brought In training
for this event and the coursing men of
the State are vying with each other to
get a portion of the valuable prizes.
Every leashman in the State 13 interest*
ed in this big meeting and the different
parks of California have agreed to mako
this the banner season so far as stake
money Is concerned. With the dogs that
have been imported from, the East and
the well known champions that have
coursed in the home parks there Is no
doubt that this year's event will be the
greatest in coursing history- Eastern
men have come to the conclusion that
with a dog that is fleet of foot and has
stamina enough to make a showing
against the wild hares that are liberated
in our local parks there is a chance to
make good money and new names can be
seen on the card every week, represent
ing some Eastern kennel.
NOW that the summer months are on.
coursing men are getting their dog3
in trim for the big events that aro
booked for the season. Throughout
the State the leashmen have readied up
their dogs to compete in the big stakes
that are soon to be brought off. Eastern
men realize that with the right kind of
dogs there is money to be made in Cal
ifornia and hounds of record are being
shipped to compete in the big stakes that
California is noted for.
Best Hounds in the Country
Are Being Trained to Run
in the Programmed Trials
Stakes of Importance Are
Booked to Be Run on the
Home Park This Season
LEASHMAN LOOK
FORWARD TO BIG
COURSING EVENTS
Owners of Thelma Will Get
Flags and Trophies Won
in the California Regattas
Sausalito Amateurs to tnjoy
Informal Entertainment at
the Clubhouse To-Night
CORINTHIAN TARS
TO HOLD HANDICAP
RACE TOMORROW
POLO TEAM CAPTAINED BY GEORGE J. GOULD MOST REMARKABLE IN AMERICA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; JULY >I8," 1903.
*T&o&T y c cr intinK at w "«**«««»
8SIXTH RAtE-Mlle and a sixteenth, maiden
three-year-olds, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Leipsic, 111 (Burns) 1 4 1 %
5 to 1— Hyland. Ill (N. Lewis).. 11 :$ 2 8
FIFTH -RACE: — Six furlongs, two-year-olds,
handicap: ¦ . ¦.-.,.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Rain or Shlne.llO(Bullman) 5 3,lh
3 to 1— Race King. 124 (O'Neill).. 1 1 2 n ,
2 to 1— Baneful.- 126 (Odom).. 2 2 3 B -
Time. 1:14 3-S. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. A. White's b. c. by-Ralnbow-HlKh
land Princess. Hopeful Miss 111, Silent Water
114, also ran. . . '
. FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
three-year-olds and up. handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to f>— Himself. Ill (Odom) 2 2 12
tf to 1— Lugal Bey. 07 (Wlckerson) 3 .1 2 2
30 to 1— Cogswell, 00 (Creamer)... 5 5 3 2
Time, 1:54 3-0. Start fair. Won cleverly.
Winner, W. C. Daly's ch. h. by Hlmyar-Fe
licltie. Elliott 107, W. R. Condon 114, Articu
late- 1-6, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile and a sixteenth, three
year-olds and up, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— The Rhymer. 107 (Hicks).. 3 2 12
12 to 1— Bellarlos. 10(3 (Michaels)... 2 5 2 3
8 to 1— Lady Potentate. 06 (Con 1 II) 7 7 3 h
Time. 1:47. Start bad. Won handily. Win
ner. Holly Grove Stable's b. h. by The Bard-
Equipoise. Ethics 106. Thorneycroft 111. Lead
er 102. Baikal 91, Circus 112, Colonsay 103,
St. Sever 68, Past P6, Agnes D 101, also ran.
i SECOND RACE— Six rurlongs, three-year
old flllles. selling: ' , ,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 9* Fin.
7 to 2— MamleWorth.lOH (Redfern) I. \ 13.
5 to 1 — Futurlta, 100. (Gannon).. 2 2 -2 "fc
50 to 1— Our Nugget,10B.«,Mlchaels) 3 4 3 2
Time 1:134-8. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Worth's eh. f. by St. George-Ethel
Thomas. Adlos KM. Presentation HJO. S.
Ground lOfl. Laps o" Linden 108, Tristesse 108,
Coruscate 100, Florham Queen 108, Narasota
1C». Many Thanks 100. Iconoclast 104, Bethel
Gray 104, also ran.
By the narrow margin of, a neck Burns'
mount in the sixth race, Leipsic, defeated
the heavily supported Hyland, which was
backed from 10 down to. 5 to 1, and which
seemed to have the race won in the
stretch, but '.failed to withstand Burns'
vigorous work on Leipsic. Cocagne,
backed from 15 down to 8 to 1, was not
placed. Summary:
KTFST* RACE— Six furlongs, two-year-old*,
purse:* • .ji d **ul *itf
«..<.. w.ig. Horse. Weight, Jockpy. St. % Fin.
16 to i— Dinah Shad. 106 (Burns).. 5 4 ' 1> Vi
10 to 1— Tendercrest, 09 (ForeViam) 4 .1 2 2
50 to 1— Vt. of Elm. 102 tMlchaels) T S 3h
" Time, 1:14 4-.V Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. E. L. Graves' ch. f. by King Eric-
Two Heart. Sailor Knot 105, Short Cake 104.
Tronville 107, Ruth Parrlsh 104, Harbor «107,
Nlnepin 109, Tommy Rot 102. Sir Walt 91,
Luminosity 104, Hydrangea 05,- also ran.
on Leipsic in the, sixth race at
Brighton Beach to-day can thank
"Tommy" Burns' unremitting efforts for
their good fortune, for in tliese cases It
required the hardest sort of, riding to get
home first. The odds against Dinah Shad
were 15 to 1. Burns nursed her. speed,
made/his run in the stretch. and caught
the tiring pacemaker, Tendercrest, in the
last sixteeenth.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. Y., July 17.—
Speculators who cashed their wagers
on Dinah Shad in the first race and
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Narrow Margin of a Neck
. Decides One of the Big
Events on the Day's Card
Speculators sat Brighton
Beach Rejoice in the
Success of Skillful Jockey
RIDING OF BURNS
IN CLOSE RACES
COMPELS PRAISE
R- TT. E
Butte 100000000—1 B 6
Tacoma 012 01 00 Ox— 4 » 1
Batteries— Thomas and Swindells; St. Vrala
end Byers.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 17. — Maupln held
the Spokane batters down to two hits this af
ternoon. Diminann pitched a good game and
kept the hits well scattered, but his team
mates were unable to land on the ball. Both
teams played a brilliant fielding game. At
tendance. 1500. Score:
Sookane 000000000— 6 2 i
Settle 2 00100100—4 11 0
Batteries — Dammann and Hanson; Maupln
and Hurley.
HELENA, Mont.. July 17.— Pfelster had the
locals at his mercy to-day, while his team
mates bunched hits on Wlggs with telling ef
fect. Score: R. H. B
San Francisco. 3 2 0 3 110 0 0—10 13 2
Helena 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—1 0 4
Batteries — Pfeister and Zearfosa; Wifga and
Carlsca. Umpire— Warner.
SALT LAKE. Utah." July 17.— In the best
game of ball seen on the local diamond since
the league season opened here the Angels de
feated the Saints by a score of 10 to 0. The
game was hotly contested from the start, and
ud to the end of the seventh Inning the locals
appeared to have the better of the argument.
At that point, however, the Californians pullel
themselves together and by better fielding won
out - Score: . R. H. E.
Lee Angeles. ..10000«03 x— 1O 12 4
Salt Lake 110 0 13 3 0 0—8 13 «
Batteries— Uebhardt. Strlcklett and Hilde
brand- Lundbaum. Quick and Anderson. lm>
pi re _Cogland. Attendance— 10CO.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 17.— Butte played er
rorless ball to-day, but could not connect safely
with St Vratn. During the last eight innings
but four of the visitors saw the sacks, one of
them getting as far as third. The Tigers hit
Thomas hard, mostly for long drive*. Hannl
van's batting was a feature. Score:
Los Angeles Bailies Toward Finish
and Barely Wins Ont.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
¦W L. Pet. f W. » L. Pet.
BuU e 51 29 .638 San Fran. 42 40 .512
Losing . 1« 32 .605 Tacoma ..33 47 • .41.1
Spokane' 45 35 .563 Helena ...29 4* .377
Seattle ..." 38 .550 Salt Lake. 5 10 .333
GOOD GAME AT SALT IiATTR.
Allows Pete Lohman's Cripples Only
Six Scattered Hits.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 17.— Thlehnaa kept
Oakland's hits well scattered and they wer«
unable to score except in the first and «Utl»
Innings. Oakland's errors were costly. Kru
ger's running catch was the feature. Umpire
Levy was hit by a foul tip. which delayed the
game for * few minutes. Attendance. 1S0O.
Scorc: r ir E
Oakland 10 0 0 0 10 0 0—2 » 3
Portland ...... 00202001 x— 5 T 3
Batteries — Moakiman and Lohman: Thieunan
and Shea. Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 17.— Los Angeles
bunched four hits In the fourth and made runs
enough to win the game. The fielding on both
sides was sharp. Score:
T» TT B?
Seattle 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 1—2 « 1
Los Angeles... 000300000— S 8 X
Batteries— Carrlck and Boettlger; Hall and
Spies. Umplre^ — McDonald. -. ': ;
THIELMAIT FOOLS OAKLANDS.
/ (Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pctf "W. L. Pet.
Los Ang...ttl 34 .6-12 Oakland ..43 62 .410
Sacra rn to .66 40 ..VC Portland .35 53 .393
San Fran.. 57 43 .570 Seattle ...36 A6 .331
ONE little tally, which Truck Egan
sent In ahead of him during the pro
gress of- the eighth round yesterday
afternoon, kept Mike Fisher and his
Senators In second place In the pennant
race. The home team pressed them hard
from the outset and not till tho last man
went out was the battle at an end. Score.
3 to 2.
All kinds of pretty plays were pulled off
during those nine rounds of action and it
was one of the hardest fought games of
the season. Every man on each nine
worked himself to the limit endeavoring
to win out. It was anybody's game at
every stage and a hit at the right mo
ment won it for the Senators.
.But the home team should have been
the victor. The bad Judgment of the
coachers on the lines In the fourth and
eighth rounds resulted In two being
caught at the plate, and then again In the
third Krug was thrown out by McLaugh
lln when he should have scored easily on
Meany's long fly.
The locals fielded perfectly. Not a
fumble did any of them make during the
game. But they were unable to hit young
Cutter at all when a hit meant a run.
They only landed on the youngster for six
and these he kept well scattered along the
route of the battle.
Uncle's followers landed one in the
fourth and one more in the next inning.
These two periods finished them for run
getting. On both occasions good, solid
hits by Pabst, Leahy and Krug did the
trick, aldedyrnaterlally by the four errors
the Senators managed to pile up at the
wrong time.
Sacramento made good with a pair In
the sixth on three hits by Hildebrand.
Egan and Townsend. Then they did not
do a thing with the bat till the eighth.
When Hildebrand hit past second and
McLaughlin sacrificed him on a step
farther. Egan tore oft one that barely hit
inside the line near the right field fence
and Hlldy registered the run .which kept
Fisher and his bunch in second place.
During the first inning a fast double
play prevented the Senators from getting
& man over the plate. Cutter led off with
a double to center field and Casey beat
out a bunt. Casey tried to steal second,
but was caught between the lines. Then
McLaughlin hit one to Shay and he im
mediately doubled up Hildebrand. who
was on first, and spoiled a fat chance for
a run. The score:
San Francisco— 1 Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Phay.s.. 3 0 0 5 5 Casey.2b 4 0 12 3
Mea'ny.rf 4 0 0 10 Hllbrd.lf 3 2 2 3 1
Irwin.3b. 4 0 12 1 MUrln.rf 110 2 1
Leahy.c. 4 12 2 3 Egan.».. 3 O 3 « 4
Pabst.lb 3 0 19 1 Twnsd.lb 4 0 15 1
Lynchjf 3 0 0 10 Sh*hn.3b 4 O 1 2 J
Krug.cf. 3 12 4 1 Doyle.cf 4 0 111
D*lms,2b 3 0 0 3 2 Grahm.e 3 0 0 5 2
Iberg.p.. 3 0 0 0 3 Cutter.p. 4 0 111
Totals 30 2 6 27 18 Totals SO 3 10 27 IS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 O O O 0 2 O 1 0 — 3
Base hits O 0 2 2 O 3 O 2 1 — 10
San Francisco ...OOO11OOO 0 — 2
Base hits O 0021002 1—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Irwln. Hildebrand. Townsend.
Sheehan. Errors — Casey. Townsend, Gra
ham Cutter. Two-base hits — Cutter. Leahy.
Krug Egan. Sacrifice hits — Delmas. Me-
Laughlln Graham. First base on errors— San
Francisco 3. First base on called balla— Off
iberK 5 oft Cutter 4. Left on bases — San
Francisco 4. Sacramento 6. Struck out — By
Iberg 2 by Cutter 2. Double plays — Shay to
Pabsf McLaughlin to Graham; Sheehan to
Casey'to Townsenrt. Passed Nill — Leahy. Time
of game— 1:60. Umpire— CConnelL
STANDING OF THE CLUB3.
Uncle's Followers Lose Two
Points Through the Poor
Judgment of Coachers
Truck Igan's Timely Double
Scores Hildebrand With
Winning Run in Eighth
ONE TALLY KEEPS
THE SENATORS IN
SECOND POSITION
The match was to have been held in
the park courts, but it was decided to
hold it on the California courts and
charge an admission fee of 25 cents. The
proceeds' will b« donated to the Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association, which
is in debt. This Is considered a better
plan for raising the money than levying
an assessment, which it amounts to prac
tically.
The Park Commissioners decided last
week to build two asphalt courts in front
of the clubhouse at the park. ! This news
pleased the park players greatly, but they
were equally dismayed when they learned
that Park Superintendent McLaren would
not .move the two trees that are very
much in the way. Naturally he is averse
to cutting. them down, but they could be
moved to another part of the park with
out much trouble. •
Local tennis players are greatly inter
ested in the doings of Reuben Hunt in
the East. The latter, strange to say. is
obtaining better results away from home
and among supposedly better players than
he did on the courts on which he learned
the game. .Hunt has reached the finals
of the New Tork State championship and
the local cracks would be pleased to see
him gain more laurels. Hunt won the
Gulf States championship last year, and
also played a fine set match with Kreigh
Collins, the Western champion who was
For this reason the latter will be al
lowed a liberal handicap. They will re
ceive odds of "one-half of 15"; that is,
15 every other game. Allen and Smith
will play 15 back of scratch, which means
that the first point they make in each
game does not count. The scratch men
will play everything to Brady and the
latter will undoubtedly be kept busy dur
ing the match.
In the afternoon at 2:30 Stewart Gay
ness and Guy Lytton will meet the win
ner of the Allen-Smlth-Whitney-Brady
match in the finals. Should they meet
Allen and Smith the latter would be 15
back, while Gayness and Lytton would
receive 13. Whitney and Brady would
allow Gayness and Lytton "one-half of
15."* In either event Gayness and Lytton
are expected to give a good account of
themselves, as they have quite a snug
handicap, and played much better than
usual last Sunday.
Of the three teams left Allen and Smith
are the only ones who have won the cups.
If they win Sunday they will be tie with
the Hotchkiss brothers, who have two
wins to their credit. The cups have been
won once bv Routh and Dunlap and
Clinch and McKay. -
• At 10:30 Sunday there will be an exhi
bition match on the park courts. The
contestants will be Professor Joseph
Daily, the crack professional, and S. H.
Adams of the California Tennis Club. The
latter named joined the Golden Gate Club
last week.
A match that is expected to excite un
usual interest is being arranged for a
week from, Sunday. The contestants will
be Professor Daily and Norman Hodg
kinson. It will be the first match played
by two professionals In the city. Daily
is a man who has been a wonder in his
day. but is getting along in years for an
athlete. Hodgkinson, on the other hand,
is a young man who is improving con
stantly and is in' fine practice. * The odds
seem to be In favor of the last named,
but Daily may be relied upon to make
some strokes that will surprise the spec
tators.
nament commenced on the park
courts last Sunday. Three teams are left
in the competition and it is expected the
two remaining matches will prove close
and excltins. In the morning at 11:30
"Will Allen and Grant Smith, the cup hold
ers, will meet R. N. Whitney and Jules
F. Bradv. The latter is rather an odd
combination. Whitney is undoubtedly one
of the strongest players in the city, while
his partner is several classes below.
THE attraction on the local tennis
courts this week will be the com
pletion of the handicap doubles tour-
TENNIS MATCHES
ON PARK COURTS
ATTRACT PLAYERS
WASHINGTON, July 17. — Chicago- bunched
hits and scored enough runs In two Innings to
win. Washington's batting, too. was hea.vy.
but the bits did not come at the proper time.
Attendance, 1700. Score:
1 R. H. E.
Washington * 13 1
Chicago 6 13 4
Batteries— Orth and Klttredge; Owen, Dunkle
and Slattery.
NEW YORK. July 17.— Cleveland batted
Chesbro out of th« box' In the sixth inning.
Bradley scored the longest hit ever made on
the new grounds, sending th* ball over the
left field fence for a home run. Attendance,
2600. Score: . R
Cleveland 11* 14 i
New York *.6 "
Batteries — Moore and Abbott; Chesbro, How
eirand Bevllle.
BOSTON. July 17.— A wild throw by Smith
in an effort to deprive Freeman of a three-base
hit cost Detroit a close ten-Inning game to-day.
Freeman continued home for the only run
scored. Attendance, 4300. Score:
t R. -H. E.
Boston 1 1 2
Detroit O 4 3
Batteries — Gibson and Crlger; Donovan and
Buelow. -
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, July 17.— New York forged to
the lead by hitting Kennedy hard in the sec
ond and sixth innings, but by exceptionally fine
base-running Beaumont tied the score In the
ninth and Bransfleld's three-bagger, followed
by Leach's long hit to right, won the game In
the twelfth. Attendance. 6000. Score:
Plttsburg '. 8 12* 3
New York 6 10 1
Batteries — Kennedy and Smith; Taylor and
Warner. Umpire — Emslle.
' CINCINNATI. July 17.— Cincinnati won by
timely hitting, knocking Washbum all over the
field. This was Children's day and most of the
25,000 persons present were children admitted
free. Score:
Clnclniratt 7* 13* 4
Philadelphia 5 7 0
Batteries — Hahn and Bergen; Washburn and
Dooln. Umpire — Johnstone.
PHILADELPHIA, July 17.— St. Louis could
not hit Waddell and the locals won easily.
In the seventh Inning Waddell precipitated
a scene by Jumping Into the stand and
. . dragging out a spectator who had been
using offensive epithets. The spectator was
arrested. Attendance. 4200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. LouU 1 * 2
Philadelphia 4 8 0
Batteries— Evans *nd Sugden; Waddell and
Bchrecl*. ' .
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Chicago Bunches • Hits and
in Two 'Innings Scores
Enough to Win the Game
Sensitive Pitcher Makes a
Scene at League Game
on Philadelphia Diamond
WADDELL DRAGS
OFFENSIVE CRITIC
FROM BLEACHERS
G. S. McCallum and R. R. Stephens
have Joined the Pacific Cricket Club. The
former was captain of the Vampire asso
ciation football club last season, and has
recently returned from "the Midway Isl
ands, \^ $:?*:¦%•¦?. ¦-
During the present season four local
cricketers have made batting averages of
thirty or more runs. H. B. Richardson
has scored 262 runs, has been six times at
the bat, twice not out and has an average
of 63.50; B. Kortlang has been five times
at bat, twice not out and has a total of 170
runs, or an average of 56.66; G. Harold
Ward has been six times at bat, twice*
not out and has made a total of 190 runs,
or an average of 47.50; E. G. Sloman has
been six times at bat, twice not out and
has compiled 120 runs, or an average of 30
per inning.
: As in batting, so in bowling three of
the first four places on the list are taken
by members of the San Francisco County
Club. E. Petersen has bowled 138 balls
and taken 10 wickets for 51 runs, or an
average of 5.10 per wicket; E. H. Wilkes
has bowled 138 balls and taken 8 wickets
for 41 runs, or' an a/verage of 5.12 per
wicket; B. Kortlang has bowled 459 balls
and has taken 25 wickets for 155 runs, or
at an average cost of 6.20 runs per wicket;
j<\ J. Croll of Alameda has bowled 363
balls and has taken 18 wickets for 147
runs, at an average cost of 8.16. Harold
Ward of Alameda has bowled the largest
number of balls, 5C8, while B. Kortlang
(459), B. Bird (454) and O. N. Taylor (446)
are almost on an equality as regards the
number of balls sent down. Kortlang has
taken the largest number of wickets, 25,
and Harold Ward the next largest num
ber, 19. H. C. Casidy of the Pacifies has
bowled nearly as many balls as Harold
Ward, but the 15 wickets he has taken
have been rather expensive, having cost
14.33 runs apiece. It is fair to suppose
that neither of these players would have
bowled so many balls had they not been
captains of their clubs. In the list of the
first ten bowlers "the San Francisco Coun
ty Club has four names, the Alameda
three, the Pacific two and the Santa Cruz
club one.
Four of the Players Have Made
Thirty or More Runs Dur
ing the Season.
BATTING AVERAGES
OF LOCAL CRICKETERS
The surveys and preliminary plans for
the new Claremont Country Club are be
ing prepared. Until the new buildings
are ready the Oakland Golf Club house
will ba used by the members, but it Is
expected that in a month or two the mem
bers will be able to play goli and enjoy
other recreations to be provided by the
club. The club has secured about 125
acres to the east of Claremont avenue.
Oakland, known as the Adams tract.
Provision will be made for coif, lawn
tennis, riding, driving, polo, steepiechas
lng, baseball, trapshooting and other out
door sports. Indoors there will be oppor
tunities for billiards, bowling and other
recreations. The club has Already more
than 300 members, with twentv-flve life
members. The officers are Edwin Good
all,: president: Frank M. Wilson, vice
president; William Pierce Johnson, treas
urer and S. B x . McKee, secretary. It
is believed that it will be possible to
reach the new club grounds in about thir
ty-five minutes from San Francisco..
About a dozen members of the . San
Francisco Golf Club are, playing' regu
larly every morning on the Presidio links,
beginning about . 1. . o'clock. An early
morning handicap has been arranged, the
conditions belns that the matches must
be played before 9 a. m. and not later
than August 31. Tho competitors are R.
J. Davis, R. White, Dr. J. R. Clark. Mrs.
J. R. Clark, F.'Koster, R. B. Hale, C.
H. Bentley. R." I. Bentiey. R. V. Watt,
L. B. Edwards .iun." Miller and Miss
Edith Chesabrouirix ' ' ' V--L
Northern and Southern California
Teams to Play for the
Byrne Prize. /
On Thursday, August 27, l there will be
a competition between . amateur teams
representing Northern and Southern Cali
fornia for the trophy presented by J. W.
Byrne, former president of the associa
tion. Teams be made up at Del
Monte from the players who are availa
ble. The match will be over 36 holes,
medal play, so as to admit of Its being
completed In one day.
Beginning on August 24, there will be
match competitions for the Del Monte
cup, open to all amateur golfers, and for
the Del Monte Women's cup, open to all
women golfers. !For the Del Monte cup
there will be a qualifying round over 18
holes, the best sixteen players to qualify.
The match play rounds will be over IS
holes, except the final round, which will
be over 36 holes, eighteen being played
in the morning and eighteen in the aft
ernoon. The runner-up will also receive
a trophy. Entries for both the cup con
testa may be made with the secretary
of the association up to 6 p. m. on the
day before the qualifying round. For the
qualifying rounds the contestants will be
paired by lot. For the Del Monte Wom
en's cups the best eight will qualify for
the^atch play. If two or more players
tie "for the last place they shall go on
playing until one or the other shall have
gained a lead by strokes, the hole or
holes being played out. Those who qual
ify will be paired for the match play ac
cording to their position in the qualify
ing round. In case of a tie in a match
the players shall continue until one has
won a hole. »
AMATEUR GOLFERS
TO PLAY FOR TROPHIES
Fourth Kace Luclen Appleby,
Klylnsr Ship. Klyinpr Torpedo.
Fifth Race — The Kentocklan,
Evelyn Ryrd, Moablna.
Sixth Race— Esherin, Warte Nlcht,
Major Tenny.
First Race — Miss Crawford,
Tryon, Pat Hammon.
Second Race— Ahola, Bardolph,
Americano.
Third Kace Proceeds, Peter Paul,
Auditor.
Second race, six furlongs — Bardolph ' 117.
Beautiful and Best 107, Stem Winder 107, First
Chip 107, Americano 107, Luckett 107, Colonn
aade 107. Oronte 104, Sid Sliver 104, Floral
Wreath 102. Ahola 102, Byways 102. Gypzene
1C2. Christine A 102.
Third race, six furlongs, Lake View handicap
— English Lad 122, Flo Bob 121, Peter Paul
119. Lonsdale 119. Proceeds 119. Auditor llti.
Prince Silverwlngs 118. Ed Tlerney 114. Batts
114. Sanctum 112. Jason 112, Don Domo 110,
Jerry Lynch 103. (Auditor and Proceeds, Brown
entry.) .
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles. Wheei
er handicap — Six Shooter 116. Monarka 112.
Flying Torpedo 109, Luclen Appleby 108. Ni
trate 105, Aladdin 105, Little Scout 99, Bad
News 104, Jack Ratlin 100. Gold Bell 96. Flying
Chip 9S. Gilfain 91. (Little Scout. Aladdin.
Bennett, entry; Nitrate, Lucien Appleby, D. and
H. entry.)
Fifth race, one mile, selling — The Kentucklan
108. Balm of Gllead 106. Flaunt 105, Evelyn
Bird 103. Echo Dale 10.1. Moablna 101, Little
Duchess II 9S, Lord Touchwood 00, Bob Frank
lin 88. La Honda S3.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Havlland 110,
Father Wentker 108. Major Tenny 103, Hot 103,
Colonial Girl 100. Travers 100. Alfred C 100,
Esherin 99. W«u-t» Nlcht 93. Mary Glenn 89.
Our Bessie S3.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS^
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
First race, five furlongs — Rainland 118, Miss
Crawford lift. Martlua lit. -Paris 111. Toltec
10S, Commodore 108. Tryon 108. Oudon - 106,'
Anne Davis 108, Pat Hamrnon 108, Mast 108,
<Jayosa 105, Watermelon 105.
WASHINGTON . PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 17.— Washington Pajk entries
for Saturday are: '.'»• ¦ - ¦ ZJ4
SIXTH RACE— MUe and an eighth; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
8 tr> 5 — Hermencla. l«»tf (Phillips).. 4 2 1 n
7 to 2 — Barrlra, 101 (L. Jackson).; 2 4 26
6 to 1 — Fading Light, $6 (Robbins) 3 3 ,°. *i
Time. 1 :.'." 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, William CahiU's ch. g. by Hermence-
Grecia. Miracle H 101, Card of Avon 103, also
ran. -.
Time. 1:46 2-5. Start good. Won driving,
Winner, M. H. Tlchenor & Co.'s ch. c. by Dr.
Rice-Constance IV. Jack Ratlin 110, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and fifty yards; purse
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Sid. C. Love. 97 (Helgesen) 2 2 1 *i
6 to R — Schwalbe. 105 (L,. Wilson).. 4 1 2 n
4 to 1— Hoodwink, 103 (J. Booker). 3 3 32
Time, 1:36 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. W. Warden & Co.'s b. m. by
Bradford-Hard to Tell. Macy 99, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half fur
longF; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
1 to 1 — Brulare, 94 (U. Wilson) 2 1 1 Vi
4 to 1 — Dr. Stephens, 104 (Knapp). 3 3 2S
3 to 2— Beau Ormonde, 104 (Helge
sen) 4 2 3 1
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Vorse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1— Sweetie. 102 (HelgesenK.. 4,1 lji ¦
5 to 2— Rainland. 103 <Fhililps). . 8 4 25
20 to 1— Ell wood. 107 <C. Gray)... 2 3 31.
Time, 1:09. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. E. Corrigan's b. f. by Bermuda- AUegra,
General Steward 98. El Corteza 98, My Alice
103, Henry Luehrmann Jr. 100, Grief 100,
Spencerian 102, also ran.
' 'SECOND 'RACE— Mile; selllrtg: ~
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Orslna, 96 <L. Wilson) 6 1 \b
5 to 1 — Postmaster Wright. • 112 - ' ¦
(Helgesen) 3 2 22
8 to f> — Glaseful. 102 <B. Davis)... 2 3 3 12
Time, 1:42 4-5. Start good.- Won »>aslly.
Winner. C. L,ind &¦ Co.'s blk. f. by Orslnl-
Sloe. Martin 94, Avoid 101, also ran.
.The third race furnished the closest fin
ish of the afternoon; Sweetie, a heavily
backed favorite,, got the verdict by a nose
from Rainland. Summaries:
FIRST RACEJ— Six furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
» to 1— Burn. Bunton, 109 (Ferrell) 2 2 1 »4
6 to 5— Scorpio, 111 (Domlnick). ... 4 121
6 to 1— Vestry, 08 (Helgeeen). 5 & a 3
Time, 1:14 4-5. Start good. Won hardily.
Winner, J. F. Newman's ch. m. by .Rancocas-
Dead Cinch. Nellie Waddell 107. Wainamoinen
108. Zella Kr.lght 107, Never Fret 112. also
ran.
scratches and spoiled the fourth
race, one that looked to be most interest
ing.
A killing was made on Brulare, winner
of the e^ent, his owners backing him
from 8 to 5 to even money.
CHICAGO, July 17.— There was no spe
cial feature on the Washington Park
card to-day. Rain caused numerous
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rainy Weather Spoils the
Card at Washington Park
and Scratches Are Many
While the Reliance managed to cross In
the lead, the Belmont boat was one sec
ond less than a minute astern, both boats
flying across the line under a, great press
of sails. The Columbia, in the meantime,
had been dropping quite rapidly astern
and was more than a mile away. The of
ficial time in the ninety-footer class was:
Constitution— Start, 11:32; finish, 5:14:13;
elapsed time, 5:42:13. *
Reliance— Start. 11:32; finish, 5:13:14;
elapsed time, 5:41:14.
Columbia— Start, 11:32; finish, 5:20:35;
elapsed time, 5:48:35.
The Reliance beat the Constitution in
elapsed time by 59 seconds and the Colum
bia by 7 minutes and 21 seconds. Consti
tution beat Columbia 6 minutes and 22
seconds.
All the fleet, with the exception of the
racing nineties, were off .by 11:15, and fif
teen minutes were '"allowed the cup yachts
in which to maneuver.
The three boats went over the line on
the starboard taclc with ballooners set.
During the first. ten minutes the Reliance
and Constitution pulled by the Columbia
very rapidly, but fifteen minutes later the
wind fell almost flat. In the-drift the Re
liance again showed her splendid powers
in light fanning airs, and at 12:15 was half
a mile ahead of the Constitution and a
quarter of a mile ahead of the Columbia,
the latter having pulled up a bit." During
the next hoilr there was a fine tussle be
tween' the Reliance and' the Columbia,
and at one .time the latter "succeeded in
getting out ahead to the extent of about
a ; quarter of a mile, while the Constitu
tion dropped back until she was more
than a mile astern of the Reliance.
At 2 o'clock the Reliance had succeeded
in pulling by the Columbia, and twenty
miles from the start the Constitution also
went by the old cup defender to leeward.
Ten miles from the finish the Reliance
was leading the Constitution by nearly
three-quarters of a mile.' The breeze
proved fickle, however, and when it
dropped. if left the Reliance first, so that
the Constitution was able to draw up to
her, but could not quite catch her. Then
the breeze sprung up again and once more
the Reliance pulled away, only to be left
a few minutes after with almost flapping
Bails. When the wind hauled back Into
the south the ballooners were set for a
broad reach of five miles to the finish.
As the breeze strengthened astern the
Constitution gained rapidly on the Reli
ance. Two miles from the finish -she was
only a quarter of a mile astern and a
mile away from the line she had cut down
the Reliance's lead to 200 or 300 yards.
The new boat broke out her spinnaker
quickly in the hope of pulling away, but
the Constitution followed suit and was
almost blanketing the Reliance as they
neared the finish line. ¦ .
to-day by . the " Constitution in the
initial run; of the New York Yacht Club
cruise from Glencove- to this port. The
new boat led almost from the start and
was in her usual- position at the finish,
but the Belmoht' boat; after being at one
time more than a mile astern, came up
with a rush at the close} and was only 59
seconds, behind' her rival at the line. As
the Reliance allows the Constitution 2
minutes and 17 seconds in thirty-seven
miles, the length of the run/ the 1 latter
won by 1 minute and 18 seconds. The time
allowance, while unofficial, is believed to
b$ within two or three seconds of the cor
rect time. t ' ¦ . . • ¦;¦
NEW HAVEN. Conn., July 17.— The
latest aspirant for " cup-defending
honors, the Reliance, was defeated
New Boat Leads From Start,
but thev Belmont Craft
Makes Up in Final Rush
Reliance Is Defeated in
Initial Run .of the New
York Yacht Club Cruise
Corrigan's Sweetie Wins by
a Nose After an Exciting
Drive Through the Stretch
SPEEDY RAINLAND
IS DEFEATED IN
A CLOSE FINISH
DEFENDER OF CUP
IS NOT AS FAST
AS CONSTITUTION
Lohman Sijns McCarthy.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 17.— Dennis Mc-
Carthy is once more with the Pacific
Ccast League. Pete I/ihman, manager of
the Oakland team, has accepted the for
fner Tacoma pitcher's terms and eigned
him. McCarthy jumped Parke Wilson to
Tacoma at the beginning of the season
end a short time ego he was released by
the latter club.
Tennis Doubles Postponed.
Th#> invitation doubles whjch were to be
played to-day at San Rafael have been
indefinitely postponed owing to the illness
9Z AUsa Sarah Coffio.
Low Rate.
The Santa Fe has on Bale a special cou
pon tickft, which includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills «-n route and accommoda.
tions In the valley at Camp Curry, for a
complete trip of five, seven or ten days,
rs follows: Five-day trip, $27 00; seven
days. $41 W; ten days. HZ 50. Make your
reservations during July. Full information
at 041 Market street, Santa Fe office. •
Take Advantage of the Santa Fe's
Y0 SEMITE VALLEY.
For horses, mules, etc.: Saturday, Septem
ber 5— Thoroughbreds and standard trotters.
Monday, September 7 — Roadsters, draft horses
of all classes, mules, jacks and jennies. Tues
day. September 8 — Coach horses, carriage
teams, roadster teams and saddle horses.
Wednesday. September 8 — Families.
Poultry: Tuesday, September 8 (10 o'clock
a m.. au. Pavilion)— All the poultry classea
will be judged by Henry Berrar of San Jo*e.
Premiums on live stock will be paid at the of
fice of the entry clerk at 10 o'clock a, m,, Fri
day. September 11. 1&03.
The list of premiums to be distributed
in the livestock department of the agri
cultural State Fair, which will b© opened
in Sacramento on September 1, has been
made public.
The list is a lengthy one and offers
prizes aggregating in value $20,000 distrib
uted judiciously as premiums for all
classes of domestic livestock and poultry.
The judging for cattle, etc., will be as
follows:
Wednesday, Eeptemher 2 — Shorthorns, Here
fords and Devons. Thursday. September 3 —
Jerseys. Angus. Holsteins. Ayrshlres, Guern
sey.« and other dairy cattle classes. Friday,
September 4 — Beef and dairy sweepstakes and
herds, sheep and goats. Saturday, September
&— Swine, etc. The above classes will be
judged by Professor W. L. Carlyle. exp<rt in
pnimal Industry of the University of Wiscon
sin. Madison. \V1«.. and Professor E. W.
Mayor, expert in animal Industry. University
of California.
Over $20,000 Will Be Distributed in
Prizes for Blooded Stock and
Fancy Poultry.
LIVESTOCK PREMIUMS
OFFERED AT STATE FAIR
Dan Patch Equals World's Record for
. a Half-Mile.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 17— The tum
mer meeting cf the Columbus Driving
Association closed to-day. Dan Patch
was driven a half-mile against time and
equaled the world's pacing record for
that distance, :57»i, made by Prince Alert
at HemDhis. The quarter was made in
:2S% and the half in :5"9i. Weather clear
and track fast. Summary:
2:25 trot, purse, $800 — Islo won the second
and third heats and the race. Time. 2:12}i,
2:lt>',i- Prince Catcn won the first heat in
2:17Vi.
2:08 trot purse. $7W) — Maxlne won the first
and third beats and the race. Time, 2:0014.
MIi,. Baron de Shaw won the second heat
In 2:0994.
2:13 pace, purse. $S00^ — Star Hal won In two
•traight heats. Time, 2:00%. 2:09%.
COLUMBUS MEETING CLOSES.
(By the New Tork Telegraph.)
I'irM Race Dr. Clark, AVellealr,
Jerry Hunt.
Second Itnce MIbb Eon, Pamplo
na, Galantban.
Third Hace — Matt AVadlelgn,
Athena, Check Morffan.
Fourth Ilace Illlee, FKzknnet,
•Jordan.
Fifth Race Baa d'Or, .Ml us Mae
liny. Dentichland.
Sixth Kace .Mnehonl, Hookneoltl,
Itedncer.
Seventh Race Joule F, Gin Spray,
LiRht Opera.
ST. LOL'I/5 SELKCTIOXS.
ST. LOUIS. July "17.— The entries for to
morrow are:
First race/ six furlongs, selling— Lynch 104.
Prince Light 107. Great Star 1<»7. La Rouge.
102. Una Price »7. Milk Maid 100. Jerry Hunt
io«. Tenny Belle 102. Whitmore 100, Dr. Clark
IK*. Charles C 104, Pirates Daughter 102, Wel
lesley io4.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards.
selling — Emma Meyer 73, Goo Goo 6(5, Axares
97. Miss Eon, M, Weird 95, Helen Hay 84,
Pomplona KM. Lolie May S4. Pearl Diver 82,
Vamer 9<>. Galanthus 95, King's Pet 103, Venus
Victrlx HI.
Third race, five and a half furlongs purse —
Check Morgan 1"S, Don OHIgh 108, Brilliants
111. Athena 10S, Hugh McGowan 10S. Atlas
108. Wigwam 106. Max Rose 10S, Matt Wad
leigh 10*. Minenmast 111.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs. Mound
City gtake — Jordan 110. Hilee 107, Misa Go
lightly !»6, Fitikanet 10R.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, purse — Ancke 93,
Stand Pat 1d0. Deutschland 103. Bas d'Or 100,
gweet Dream 104, Miss Mae Day 109.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Charley's Dream 94, Tempt O.'l, Maghoni
78. Tony Lepping 101. Henry of Franntamar
101. Broodier »\ Hookseoka 69, Pyrrho 105.
Reducer «S. Tickful 102, Hegira 92. Ida Pen
rance 102.
Seventh race, one and three-sixteenths miles,
selling — Carrie Hope 04, Gin Spray 107, Plrateer
8S. Josie F 100, The Way 103, Menace 105,
Light Orxra 101. W. B. Gates 107.
Weather clear; track heavy.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards,
sell ins:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Kinloch Park. 105 (D. Hall) 1112
5 to 2— Eugenia S. 105 (Otis) 4 5 2 8
7 to 1 — Dawson, 107 (Kelly) 2 6 3 n
Time, l:i'J\. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. II. Stevens' ch. h. by Fonso-Ziri.
Chandoo 105, Legatien 95, Fannie Knox U5,
Doroinls 104, also ran.
Time. 1:24 u,: Start good. Won driving.
Winner. K. G. Baldwin & Co."s b. g. by Fene.
Ion-Eva L. Tarn Crabh 114. dales 111, Duella
107, Mike Strauss 11«, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs. sell-
Ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to 2— Miss West. 104 (Bridewell) 5 £ 1 n
f> to 1 — Nearest. 104 <F. Smith).. « 5 2 3
3 to 2— Four Leaf C. 104 (Wolff).. 7 « 3 h
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Bettlnp. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Forehand, los (Bridewell). 5 a 1 n
fc to 1— <11f. Forge, 10S (F.Smith) 2 1 2 12
« to 5 — Maj. Pelham.lOS (Travers) 4 4 3 n
Time. 1:17*3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. C. Bennett & Co/« ch. o. by Hand
fM-1-Foreseen. Mafalda 105, Orient 105. Tal
houet 10S, Tom Klley 105, Mildred L 105, Mag
Nolin 105, also ran.
Time. 1:174. start good. Won handily.
Winner, G. C. Bennett's ch. c. by Fonso-Fly
away. Dolly Gray 105, Scepter 112. Mrs.
Wlggs 108. Shopproof 07. Maverick 107, Cae
lana 1<»5, Whit Arthur 107, also ran
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling:.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 1— Alflo. 1<IS (Bridewell) 6 3 11
6 to 1— Lady Charlott. W5 (Watsn) 3 2 2 n
6 to 1 — Snowdrift, 105 (Otis) 7 9 35
son) 4 5 2V4
2.» to 1— Dusty Miller. Ill (Bell).. 13 31
Time, 1 :o6. Start bad. Won handily. Win
ner. T. P. Have*' eh. c. by St. Leonards-Hel
ena. Lord Hermence 108, Bustler 105. Sig
rorina 1<»7, Sweet Note 108, Grangeman 108.
Sue W 105, also ran. Enigma left at post.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; purse:" -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »» Fin,
S to 5— Fenian. 108 (Troxler) 2 2 11
3 to 1— Tootsey Mack, 105 (Wil-
Time, 1:524- Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. D. Brown A- Co."s ch. g. by Prince
of Martaco-LJkewlse. Rell Simpson 102, The
Fiddler 111. Den Hempstead '102, Trallmore
lflfi, Varner »7. Ben Hullum 102, Lexell 100,
H'-ngist luf>, also ran. • -
scratches, spoiling what looked to be
a good card. The feature was a six-fur
long sprint for two-year-olds, which was
won in a fierce drive by Forehand. Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
nulling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
5 to 1— Irving M^iyer. 1O4 (Louden) 8 6 1 *i
9 to 1— Pad. Bender. 92 (Bridwell) 3 1 : 2 2
b U> 1— Frof. Neville, 108 (Wieck
ert) ' 10 7 3^3
ST. LOUIS. July 17.— Last night's rain
left the track In bad condition and as
a consequence there were numerous
Special Dispatch to. The CalL
Rain Interferes With the
Card Which Promised to
Be Somewhat Sensational
Six Furlongs Sprint the
Enlivening Feature at the
Race Course in St. Louis
FOREHAND VICTOR
IN FIERCE DRIVE
ON MUDDY TRACK
In a recent issue of a Seattle paper
containing a gushing writeup of the Sink
Ftable the information is conveyed that
Willie Sink Is in the racing business for
love of the sport only. As this may be
revs to Californians it is herewith re
jjrinted.
The stake wins of Horatius made Tobe
Bamsey the biggest winner of the meet-
Ing. The 3-year-old captured the Derby,
Celebration and Farewell handicaps and
only lost two other healthy fixtures
through ill racing luck and poor hand
ling. • Vt
An ordinance was recently passed here
by the Supervisors closing the poolrooms.
However, this is said to have been a
clever ruse on the part of the local clique
of gamblers to prevent Sam Martin of
Butte from cutting in. A fine will be
paid each month for violating the or
dinance and business will be furled on
as before. F. E. MULHO*,LAND.
SEATTLE. July 13.— Racing closed at
Th« Meadows in Saturday last with
a larpp attendance, althought the fl
admission fee. which was the rule
on Saturdays* and holidays, caused some
thinness In t^«> ranks of speculators. Ho
ratius, carrying V9 pounds and ridden by
POwell. easfly defeated a field of nine Tor
the Farewell handicap at one and an
eighth miles, and his Impressive win
Ftamr p d him as the y*st three-year-old
In Ottte s>arts. Seven other well filled
everts k^pt the public busy guessing: win
ners.
From itF inception on June 6 the meet-
Ing was liberally patronized, money seem
«d plentiful, but the transformation from
;-.r\ open to a Fvndirate ring after eight
days rf rport caused much adverse com
ment arao.ic thp educated class of bet
tors. The "*syndicat<">rs" panned up about
?:¦" •'•»¦>. of which amount the association
bad V> per cent. The remainder was di
vided among the Clancys. George l'Abhe,
I Vive Arcylf. the cluster of game local
Fr""rts. whosp pathetic appeals finally
brought about the syndicate ring: Caesar
Young of California. Hughey Jones and
Harry Green. Ed Kripp of Sacramento
wvi<! at one Ftage interested in the syndi
cate, but drew out. quitting :h*> game,
EO he paid, about JTW loser. Harry Green.
:h^ Fpokane gambler and owner of Sad
Fsrri. was at one period $50i'>0 to the bad.
bat expected that his interest in the hook
:r.p enterprise would pull him out about
* ven.
Most of the horsemen now quartered
r.t the track will stay over for the an
nual Kings County Fair, which opens on
Ai:rust S. This will be a mixed affair
erd already trotters and pacers from dif-
JVrer.t sections of the State are begin
r.ir.g to arrive.
Fr^d Edwards had no luck with his sta-
Ke and on Sunday following 1 the close
f hipped Polonins. Botany. Stellaris and
other* of his Firing to Oakland. Steve
Judge disposed of old Filibuster, and as
Fr.ark showed pome Figns of rounding
to. sent the sprinter down to California
ulnng with the Edwards string.
As the came here apparently looked
good to Caesar Young, the California
t'ookie purchased a blo^K of stock in the
association and will no doubt be quite a
factor In future meetings.
Gecrge Howson, the jockey, left for his
home in California about a fortnight be
fore the season closed. His ridinsr •was a
disappointment, a year's absence from the
Faddle getting in its deadly work.
On Saturday. June 27. J. T. Sheehan.
¦who rode Ohio Girl in the Club Mem
bers' handicap, was fined $25 for rough
riding. The erratic youth sulked over
this action. f> his employer, Charley
Kink, packed his trunk and both left for
Oakland.
Becoming disgusted with the displays
cif temper shown by his fllly St. Helens.
Tommy Lottrld^e sold her for $75 and
bo-jght a ticket for home. The day be
fore th«> mepting closed th«» two-year-old
defeated a small hunch of maidens over
half a mile, quoted at C1 to 1. Previous
to this win she had received a thorough
t-^hooling at th*> barrier.
Little HJMerbrand carried oft tue paddle
honors. Out of US mounts he was thirty
three times first, thirty-one times second,
eighteen times finished third and on thir
ty-fix occasions ran unplaced. Chandler
and Henderson also performed some
Hever work in the Raddle. Iva Powell.
tor,, <*A6 excellent work, with the excep
tion of his ride on Diamente in the last
rare of th» meeting. This event, undoubt
edly a sort of getaway affair, fell to Wal
trr H and had all the earmarks of a
"shoo-in." the winner's time for the one
ord a sixteenth miles being 1:50. Dia
mante was second, beaten a head.
The writer has before stated that the
Flattie public Is a very suspicious one,
which is not at all surprising, as the
hundred and one touts and not a few of
these ¦"bush" owners' deal is some deli
clous "pipe dreams." One enterprising
voun.g owner, whose name for convenience
Fake we will say is Willie Float, accosted
n man of means the other day. propound
ing the question. "Can you bring $1000 out
to the track to-morrow?" The natty Mr. j
Float then went on to represent that he j
•was Interested In the booking business
•with Caesar Young and that as both the
presiding Judge and starter were subject
to the bookmakers' orders no chance
¦would be taken in betting the money. The
fucker was there next day all right with
the thousand dollars, but, unfortunately
for Willie Float and his plans, fell afoul
of a friend of the Judge and starter. All
r.^gotlatlons were shortly afterward de
clared off. This sort of malicious touting
is harmful to racing and should not go
unpunished.
Hilderbrand Carries Off the
Saddle Honors-Youngster
Shows Vast Improvement
Horatius Easily Kingpin of
the Stake Brigade and
a Great Idol of the Public
SYNDICATE RING
AT SEATTLE BIG
WINNER AT CLOSE
EVENTS ON THE EASTERN AND WESTERN TURF, BASEBALL AND YACHTING
TEE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18; 1903.
Baehr Refuses to Audit a Claim
Against Salary of a City
Official.
Yesterday Auditor Baehr was threaten
ed with a writ of .mandate to compel him
to audit a demand for $365 64 on the sal
ary of Howard Vernon. official stenog
rapher of the Police Court. A judgment
for the amount has, been secured against
Vernon In the Justices' Court, but as his
salary is not attachable,- by ( a recent act
of the Legislature, his creditors sought
to secure the money through the Auditor.
Auditor Baehr refused to audit the de
mand and' forcibly said that he did not
propose to have his office used as a debt
collecting agency. ' .
There are a number of salary warrants
tied up In the Auditor's office by creditors
seeking satisfaction. The Supreme Court
has been, asked to decide the legality of
the law which does not allow the salary
of a city official to be attached.
AUDITOR WILL NOT HELP
DEBT-COLLECTION AGENCIES
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTBIES.
NEW YORK. July 17.— Brighton Beach en
tries for Saturday are:
First race, six furlongs, handicap — Lux
Casta 128, Young Henry 126. Gay Boy 115, De
murrer 107, St. Daniel lt>7, Ingold 105, Irish
Jewel 106, John A. Scott 100. Operator 105,
Locket 97. Salvatella £K>. Alard Scheck 100,
Minoteur 105, Rosetlnt 111, If You Dare 100,
Flying Buttress 100.
Second race,- the Curragh steeplechase, cell
ing, short course, about two miles — May Har
rison 130, Memorlst 182, Lord Radnor 132.
Somersault 156, Gum Honey 132, Walter
Cleary l.'.:t, Ohnet 153, Ga«gar 146. (Lord
Radnor and Memorlst. Laughlin entries; Gum
Honey and Walter Cleary, Colt entries.)
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-old Allies,
Venus stakes — Audience 99. Memoriam 104,
Glad Smile 00, Flammula 09. Lady Llndela Ott,
Monsoon 90. Petunia 114, Semetic Io9. Wal
terin 114, Inquisitive Girl 99, Marjoram 109,
Turquoise Blue 90. Stroma 99, White Plume
119, Cyprlenne ©8,
Fourth race, mile and a furlong, three
year-olds, Iro-iuoia stakes — Monte Carlo 106,
Tantalus Cup 106. Brigand 119, Fire Eater 111.
Illyrla 111. Slave 106. Cardinal Wolsey 108.
(Monte Carlo and Tantalus Cup, Lyman en
tries.) -^
Fifth race, mile and a furlong, handicap —
Hunter Ralne 126, Sambo 118. Courtenay 100,
Peninsula 106, Lord Badge 107, Daly 100,
Lanceman 100.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Homestead 112, Black Hussar 107, Rostand
101, Courtmald 89, Aminte 101, De Kaber 104,
Squid 91, Unterock &9, Arrlen 10C, Water Tow
er 111. Star and Garter 94, Satire 111, Tribe's
Hill 111, Sir Flonan 103. Syrlln 101, Irish
Jewel 103, Belle of Troy 106.
Weather clear, track fast.
BRIGHTON HK AC! I SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First Race— Lux Casta, Young:
Henry, Minotaur.
Second Ilnce— Walter Cleary, Gam
Honey, Lord Itadnor.
¦ Third Race — Cyprlenne, Mar
joram. Moimoon. .. ,.
Fonrtli Race — Slave, Cardinal
"W'oolney, Fire Eater.
Fifth Race — Peninsula, Hunter
Raine, Sambo.
Sixth Race — Irish Jevrel, Home
stead, Black Hussar.
100 to 1— King Carter. JU (Shea)«J5 11 3 h
Time. 1:49 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. II. Carr's b. c. by Hamburg-Lu
casta. Nult Blanche 106, No«lo 111. Wllllam
stead HI, Cocagne 111, Semper Vivax 108,
Profitable 108. After the Ball 106, Duncannon
111, Russell Oarth 111, Passbook 111. Earl of
Norfolk 108, King Pest 108, Lajura 108, Bev
erly 100, also ran.
9
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study.
.Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.SEATTLE, July 17.— The Blackball liner
Dolphin reached port this morning from
Skagway with eighty passengers and
$259,000 in Kloridlke gold. A number of
the passengers were from the interior.
The vessel left'Skagway July 13. .
Brings Back Klondike Gold.
Stocking Streams in Nevada Countv.
NEVADA CITY. July 17.-Fish Commis
sioner E. A. Morrlll of the hatchery at
Verdi arrived here this morning and left
Immediately for Camptonville with 25 000
young rainbow. trout. The fish will be
placed in Oregon Creek. The streams
throughout Nevada County are being
stocked this year.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 17— Stmr Cymric,
for. New, York; etmr Armenian, ; for New York.
• VICTORIA— Arrived July - 17— Stmr Queen,
hence July 15.
TACOMA— Sailed July 17— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco. v.
\ FOREIGN PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
arrived. •
. Friday, July 17.
Stmr Fulton.' Lee. 47 hours from Redondo.
DOMESTIC PORT.
Absconded With Jewelry.
Miss Sadie Brown, 125H4 Mission street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of E. B.
Hunsaker on a charge ; of felony embez
zlement. She alleges that on May 29 she
gave Hunsaker a solitaire diamond ring,
a gold locket " and gold watch and chain/
of. the value. of $140, to raise money on!
and that he : disappeared from the city,
taking the' jewelry {With him.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 17.— Governor
Odell of New York, General F. V. Greene
and ex-Senator T. E. Ellsworth of New
York arrived in Portland last night. They
went up the Columbia River to - Tho
Dalles to-day and will return to Portland
to-morrow. Waving to-morrow night for
San Francised by rail.
Governor Odell Is Visiting the Coast.
KALISPELL. Mont., July 17.— Ed Bur
rill, a negro carpenter, has gone insane
from reading reports of lynching of ne
groes in the South. He ran amuck last
night, shouting out that a mob was after
him to lynch him. He was taken to the
State insane asylum to-day.
Lynching Beports Unseat Season.
/ VICTORIA, B. C July 17.— All trace of
the disaster in No. 6 mine, Cumberland,
has been cleared away and. the mine will
be ready to recommence work to-morrow
or next day. .The list of dead now totals
fifteen, two more victims - having suc
cumbed to their injuries to-day ; and an
other cannot recover. The tire must have
been very severe while it; lasted, for, in
many instances the flesh of the Chinese
was burned clear through to the bone.
The accident is now attributed to a foul
shot. ¦
Two More Victims of Explosion Die.
; WATSONV1LLE, July 17.— A well dress
ed stranger registered at, the Hotel John
son as G. Ardery of Auburn, Cal., at
tempted suicide "this morning, by shoot
ing himself in the body. ". A note found on
a table announced that he had heart trou
ble and had better, end his misery. He
directed that his trunks be sent to a
brother in Virginia City, Nev. He is not
expected to live.
Prefers Death to Sickness.
LOS ANGELES. July 17.— Wong Bin.
who has been in prison nearly two years
pending decision of his case, has pleaded
guilty to the charge of murder in the sec
ond degree and was given a life sentenco
In San Quentin. Wong -Bin killed an
other Chinese to avenge the murder of
tils brother. He confessed to the crime,
but escaped sentence until now on a le
gal technicality.
Chinese Murderer Pleads Guilty.
SOMERSET, Pa.. July 17.— The illness of
Abrier McKinley is not so serious as re
ported. Last Sunday he came here from
New York, where he suffered from heat
prostration. On Tuesday he was complete
ly prostrated and to-day had an attack
of vertigo. This gave rise to the alarming
reports sent out last night. To-day, how
ever, , he had almost entirely recovered
•Before breakfast he took a walk through
the town and latfr spent several hours
driving.
Abner McKinley Is Better.
: SANTA ROSA. July 17.— The . Board
of Supervisors of . Sonoma County re
ceived a visit to-day from J. A. Filcher,
secretary .of .the State Board of Trade.
The object of the visit was to induce
the board to make an appropriation for
the ; fitting display ; or, the products of
Sonoma County at the St. Louis Expo
sition. Filcher urged tho necessity of
an individual, display of the manifold
products of the county.
Urges a Sonoma County' Exhibit.
BUSSIA NOW ACCEPTS
CONDITIONS OF PEACE
International Arrangement Made at
the Brussels Convention Can
Now Be Perfected.
BERLIN, July ll— The* Brussels cor
respondent of the "Madgeburgische Zei
tung Bays that Russia, which did not ac
cept the . Brussels peace convention, has.
now decided to abide by its conditions,
thus removing the last obstacle to the
perfection of the international arrange
ment.
Aged Woman Is Killed by Train.
LOS ANGELES. July 17.-Mrs. Clara
Lloyd, an aged woman, was struck by a
Southern Pacific train on Its way in from
Santa Monica late this afternoon and
died ten minutes later. It is said Mrs.
Lloyd was standing ~by the track and
either failed to hear the warning whistle
or was too dazed by the danger to make
an effort to escape.
PORTSMOUTH. England, July 17.— The
American squadron, under command q/
Rear Admiral Cotton, which has been vis
iting British waters, left here this morn
ing, the Kearsarge en route for French
man's Bay, Me., and the other, vessels
bound for Lisbon.
Other Vessels of the Squadron Leave
Portsmouth and Head for
Lisbon.
KEABSABGE STARTS ON
HEB LONG OCEAN TBIP
LONG BEACH, July 17.— Hon. Champ
Clark of Missouri had an immense audi
ence to hear his lecture on "American
Statesmen" before the eighteenth annual
Chautauqua Assembly to-day, "in the
year 1782," he said, "nature was unusually
prolific, for she gave to the United States
Webster, Calhoun, Benton and Clay, the
greatest quartet of statesmen that ever
graced the American; Senate. at the same
time. This evening he spoke to the mem
bers of the Iroquois Club in this, city.
Immense Audience Hears Clark.
Start To-Day for the Encampiaenti
MENLO PARK. July 17.— Company T
of the League of the Cross Cadets will
start to-morrow morning for an encamp
ment of two weeks on the campus of
Santa Clara College at Santa Clara. They
will enjoy the use of the gymnasium,
swimming tank and other athletic facili
ties of the college. The company is made
up of young men from Menlo Park, Palo
Alto and Mayfield.
. — VTTLE. July 17.— An important con
ference, having for its object the de
vising of ways and means to keep out
pauper Oriental labor,. is now in progress
in this city. The conference Is attended
by J. H. Barber. Chinese inspector of the
Portland district; Thomas M.- Fisher, in
charge of the Puget Sound district;
James R. Dunn, former inspector in
charge of the San Francisco district; his
son, John Dunn, connected with the Chi
nese Bureau of Immigration at Sa?i Fran
cisco, and W. H. Reed, commissioner of
immigration at Victoria, B. C. The chief
object of the conference is to talk over
plans to restrict immigrants from cross
ing the Canadian and Mexican lines.
Meet to Discuss Ways and Means
to Keep Out Pauper • Ori
ental Labor.
IMMIGBATION . OFFICIALS
IN SESSION AT SEATTLE
PALO ALTO.. July 17.— Mrs-. Emily
Karns. the stepmother of Governor
George C. Pardee, has purchased Mar
guerite Villa and a ten-acre estate in
Palo Alto of A. Sanders, intending to
make this her future home. The present
value of the place is $10,000, but Mrs.
Karns proposes to build a new residence
and make extensive improvements on the
grounds.
Purchases a Home in Palo Alto.
Hardware Men Meet at Santa Bosa.
SANTA ROSA, July 17.— The North
Coast Hardware and Implement Associa
tion held a meeting at the Occidental Ho
tel to-day and v considered routine busi
ness. The association is the sixth to be
organized in California and embraces the
counties of Sonoma, Marln, Mendocino,
Napa and .Solano. : Members from these
counties were present : to-day. The ses
sion was executive. Among the wholesale
men present were A. C. Rulofson and
George P. Thomas, representing Baker &
Hamilton; C. C. Curtis of Dunham, Car
rigan &.Hayden, and J. W. Lowry of the
Pacific Coast Hardware and Steel Com
pany. ¦ ¦ .
SALEM. Or., July 17.— Governor Cham
berlain, in view of the recent robberies
of street cars in the suburbs of Portland,
to-day Issued a proclamation offering a
reward of $300 for the conviction of any
person committing such a crime. He also
issued a proclamation to the police offi
cers, urging them to use every effort to
prevent the carrying out of recent threats
against life and property made by East
ern Oregon cattle and sheep men.
Beward for Conviction of Bobbers.
SANTA ROSA. July IT. — Hop condi
tions in Sonoma County are in a satis
factory condition, ana wnue there will
be a slight shortage in yield, it is prob
able the price will be higher and more
than compensate for the shortage. Pick
ing in this vicinity will begin about Au
gust 25, and lasts several weeks. Grow
ers in the vicinity of Russian River be
lieve that if a rain does not come short
ly they can only count on two-thirds of
a crop. Samuel W. Purrlngton and
Itayford W. Peterson, prominent grow
ers of this county, are trying the ex
periment of Irrigating their hop crop,
and expect more than an average yield.
Hop Conditions Are Satisfactory.
During the investigation it was devel
oped that Hooper occasionally made wag
ers at the racetracks and that* his wife
had been in receipt of a gratuity of J25
monthly from the society during the last
ten years of service of the accused offi
cer. . These facts aroused . the interest of
Commissioner Hutton, and at his- sug
gestion the Investigation was continued
until next Thursday afternoon, when fur
ther Inquiry -will be made.
The charges specified that during a pe
riod extending over four years the ac
cused policeman had reported to the so
ciety tho vehicle license number 11,836
eighty-three times as being attached to
wagons, the horses of which he had in
vestigated and caused to be sent to their
stables. The Inference sought to be drawn
from the frequency that the number oc
curred was that Hooper was not attend
ing to his duties, but was turning In these
reports without actually doing the work.
Many witnesses were examined,-Includ
ing Vice President Partridge. Secretary
Holbrook, Treasurer Hutchinson and Spe
cial Officer McCurrie of the society. All
of them gave Hooper a splendid record. •
On his iiwn behalf Policeman Hooper
testified that in every case reported : he
had performed the work specified, and
he thought the numbers given on the dif
ferent vehicles were correct. He stated
that many wagons were numbered arbi
trarily, by the owners to avoid arrest by
policemen, and that no license was paid
on them nor was any record of, them to
be found in /the license department. He
admitted that clerical- errors ' might be
partly responsible for the frequency with
which the number in question occurs in
his ¦ records.
There was a special meeting of the Po
lice Commission yesterday afternoon. It
was devoted mainly to hearing the
charges of neglect of duty and making
false reports against Policeman W. B.
Hooper, preferred by the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, with
which organization the accused policeman
had been detailed for more than twenty
years up to within a few months ago.
Many "Witnesses Give Accused Po
liceman Excellent Character, but
Other Testimony Is Desired.
kept the secret of his boy's life, only con
senting to its disclosure after an inter
view with the mother. This was at the
conclusion of the Inquest. Mrs. Leveque
told the Coroner about rinding the body.
Dr. Carl E. Curdts explained the condi
tion of the body and the ropes he found
about it. Coroner Mehrmann said the ex
amination positively showed strangula
tion to have been the cause, of death.
Nothing more was given the jury, which
found a verdict of accidental death and
added that the boy had been strangled
while playing in a swing. The Coroner
did not approve the verdict, on the
ground that the evidence did not warrant
the finding.
CHABGES AGAINST HOOPEB
CONTINUED FOB ONE WEEK
NEW YORK. July 17.— The United
States inspectors 'captured seven Italian
counterfeiters in Brooklyn to-day after a
hard fight in which revolvers were drawn.
The Italians were -members of - the "so
ciety of bad blood." seven of whose mem
bers are now awaiting trial on a charge
of having murdered Benedetto, whosa
body was found in a barrel two months
ago on the East Side.
SECBET SEBVICE MEN
ABBEST COUNTEBFETTEBS
/oung James had been a scholar at the
Durant School. When vacation began he
went into his father's store. Yesterday
afternoon he went home about 5 o'clock
and laid his coat at the foot of the bed
in the room he and his father occupied.
He met Mrs. Leveque and spoke to her as
he left the house. Not a sign had he
given to his -father or any one else of the
contemplated deed. But he must have
gone then to the barn. 1 for the condition
of the body this morning was evidence
to Coroner Mehrmann tl*at death had
come about 5:30 last evening.
When Patton went Thome to supper the
boy was missing. He was still missing at
8:30 o'clock' when the father retired. Pat
ton awoke between midnight and fl
o'clock this morning and then thought
his boy might have been arrested, but
his inquiry later at the police station gave
him no satisfaction. At 4 o'clock this
morning Patton went to market for his
day's produce, returned to his store and
at breakfast the mystery of the disap
pearance was solved by Mrs. Leveque.
George 13. Patton, the father, spoke as
follows concerning the hanging: .
What prompted James this time I ' cannot
tell. He had not been reprimanded, and seemed
cheerful and happy. It Is all a mystery to me.
At the Inquest this afternoon Patton
THE DAY OF THE DEED.
Mrs. Patton referred to statements that
the Rev. E. S. Brown, formerly pastor of
the Thirty - fourth - street Methodist
Church, had been the cause of difficulty
between herself and her former husband
three years ago.
The <leed was that of a boy born under the
caet of prenatal influences, which was -re
vealed before Jamie was out of his baLy
hcod. Twice before the child tried to end his
life. The first attempt wag when Jamie was
but 5 years old. He had been reproved, after
which he- went out to the barn and got a piece
of balerope and hanged himself on the limb
or a peach tree. Mr. Patton found the baby
in time to cut him down and resuscitate him.
We had hoped that our efforts to teach him
to live had been successful, for the years rolled
alone and the boy wan delightful. The symp
toms seemed to have disappeared but about a
year and a half ago In Oakland Jamie made
the second attempt and under similar condi
tions to that of seven years before. -One day
after a slight reproof he went out to the barn
and hanged himself. With like good fortune
Mr. Patton discovered him In time. We talked
lon«r with him then and he promised us to
make no further attempts. There muet have
been some pnawlr.g at hU brain to bring about
thlE last. and fatal attack of melancholia, from
which he had suffered Intensely. Though Mr.
Pattor. and myself have been always good
friends, we have never been happy companions
Though we have been divorced we are still
pood friends. When I was given the custody
cf the children a realized how much affection
Mr. Patton had for them and I gave Jamie
Into his care, knowing that he would be given
good attention. And now I desire to deny for
myself and with the knowledge and assent of
my former husband who bears with me the
charges that have been circulated in connec
tion with this, trouble.
The sad mother spoke as follows:
Jamie vag a boy of peculiar temperament.
There was a strong touch cf the artistic In
him, yet from infancy he suffered under the
epcll of morbid melancholy that our utmost
efforts failed to dis-Del.
It Is absolutely false that the troubles be
tween hih father and myself In any way had
to do with Jamie's suicide.
BABY ATTEMPTS TO END ALL.
cord was hung a theory that the separa
tion of father and mother had so preyed
upen the boy's mind that in his despon
dency he had gone to th<i last extreme.
There the record stood until the mother
arrived in Oakland. From her lips, with
the tears wetting her cheeks, came the
story of her child's blight. At her side
sat the grief-stricken father. The di
vorced parents cf the unfortunate dead
were by a common sorrow drawn toward
each other as the mother unfolded the
secret of their first bora's sorrow, a se
cret . that had been for years buried in
their hearts.
Around this narrative of domestic dis-
StOTHEB TELLS THE STOBY.
The Pattons were not compatible. After
nine years Mrs. Patton commenced di
vorce proceedings at Healdsburg, but sub
sequently withdrew them. Six years later
her action was pressed to a conclusion
here and last October Judgj* Greene
granted Mrs. Patton a divorce on the
ground of cruelty. She was given the
custody of her children, James and
Frank, but she allowed the father to have
J.'.ir.ff;, and ever since the separation Pat
ton had lived with his boy In Oakland and
Mrs. Patton went to San Francisco and
engaged in giving physical culture les
sons.
PAEENTS DBIFT APABT.
Both father and mother, keenly realiz
ing the distressing conditions, made brave
efforts to check the tendency eo plainly
evident. The cloud that hung over the
boy could not be dissipated. Only a year
and a half ago, when James was just
touching his teens; the second effort was
made. Strangely, too. he used the same
means that were utilized last night.
Again, as in babyhood, the child's life
was saved by a timely discovery.
Pathetic was the story from the lips
of the child's mother, herself a double
sufferer because an unfortunate domestic
difficulty had separated her from the
boy's father and from her children. James
was the older of two boys, the fruit of
the marriage In 1SS7, In Illinois, of George
E. Patton and Alice M. Hoxsey. The
mother was but 19 years old when James
was born. Before his birth she suffered
from melancholy, and her son was born
with that blight upon his life.
TBIES TO CUBE THE BOY.
FINDS DANGLING BODY.
With a cry of horror, the searcher
rushed back to the house and aroused the
father. Patton. with .C. E. Irving, a
neighbor residing at Thirty-fourth and
Market streets, whom the parent had
called, soon verified the discovery-
Quickly Coroner Mehrmann responded
to a summons and cut down the boy's
body, finding in its position and the noos
ing of the rcpe what he declared was un
mistakable evidence of suicide. The Cor
oner's judgment was fully vindicated in
the remarkable story that the parents of
the dead boy told to-day in explanation
oT his suicidal deed.
Born with the taint of melancholia upon
him, marked by a strangely manifested
psychological phenomenon; the boy James
at the age of 5 years tried to end his baby
life by hanging.
The bov's unusual absence last night
had much distressed the parent. Mrs.
Lereque. full of anxiety for the missing
boy, bethought herself of the barn. There
young James had his pets— rabbits,
guinea pigs and squirrels. And there he
had played and romped with his compan
ions. The distressed woman went to the
email "lean to" that faced the rear of
the dwelling. Peering in the door she
discerned the hanging body In the dimly
lighted, dusty room.
years, committed suicide ' last
night by hanging himself In a barn at
the rear of 102 Thirty-fifth street, where
he had lived with his father, George E.
Patton, a grocer at 1720 San Pablo avenue.
The strangled form, dangling from a
knotted rooe that was twisted taut about
the nock, and was slipped under a thigh,
was found this morning by Mrs. Nellie
Leveque, with whom the Pattons, father
and son, roomed.
OAKLAND, July 17. -Under the
spell of a prenatal influence that
had blighted his young life,
James A. Patton, a boy of 14
ELGIN, 111., July 17.— Because a well
known resident of Elgin called on the
wife of a retired farmer during the lat
tcr's absence an attempt was made to
lynch him. The young men who planned
the affair were foiled, and the police kept
the mattpr Quiet until to-day.
Late last night the man emerged from
the house of the woman, to whom, it is
alleged i he is paying undue attention,
and started for his home, about a mile
distant. Across the street were five young
men; friends of the absent husband, who
had adjusted a rope on a neighboring tree.
Three of their companions, who hid in
the tall grass near a house on the oppo
site side of the street, hurled atones at
the offender and chased him into the arms
of the other young men. He was lassoed,
and put up a strong fight. 1 He cut the
rope and charged into the crowd with
upraised jackknife.
A riot call was sent to police headquar
ters and five bluecoats responded. They
found the man semi-conscious and took
him to his home. Warrants will be issued
for the wou'.d-be lyn'chers.
FOURTEEN-YEAR OAKLAND BOY WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE BY HANGING WHIL'E SUFFERING FROM
DESPONDENCY CAUSED BY THE ESTRANGEMENT OF HIS PARENTS. HIS FATHER AND YOUNGER
BROTHER. THE LAD HAD MADE TWO PREVIOUS ATTEMPTS TO KILL HIMSELF.
Calls on Married Woman
During Husband's
Absence.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 17.— Judge McCler
nan to-day denied the motions to dismiss
the A. J. Shores disbarment case, de
claring that enough of the conspiracy to
bribe Judge Harney In the Minnie Healy
mine case had been disclosed to warrant
an explanation on the part of the de
fendant. The defense opened with the
testimony of Lawyers John F. Forbis,
C. F. Kelly and officials of the Amalga
mated Copper Company's various con
cerns, who were called to disclose al
leged discrepancies in the testimony of
the principal prosecuting - witnesses in
minor matters.
JUDGE DENIES MOTION
TO DISMISS THE CASE
There is trouble between John August
Ytteberg. 53 Surrey street, and his di
vorced wife, Ida. They were married in
Sweden and divorced in Denmark. Ytte
berg came to this country and after he
had settled here he sent hi3 divorced wife
money to bring her to him and they have
been living together ever since.
Yesterday morning the woman secured
a search warrant from Police Judge Con-
Ian to recover her personal effects from
Ytteberg, as she said she had left his
home. Later Ytteberg got a warrant for
her arrest on a charge of grand larceny.
He said he had saved $320, which he kept
in a trunk and during the night of July
13 he dreamed that the money had been
stolen from the trunk. Next morning he
found that his dream was true. He ac
cused the woman of taking it, whereupon
she left the house.
During the big railway strike In 1834.
when the Southern Pacific management
experienced difficulty in securing firemen,
Junkins laid aside his pen and books and
shoveled coal into the firebox of a loco
motive for several weeks. Eight years
ago he accepted the position of contract
ing agent for the Denver and Rio Grande
in San Francisco, an office he retained
until his latest advancement in the rail
way world. • .'
Junkins is popular with his fellow
agents and his promotion is a source of
gratification to them. For fifteen years
Junkins has made his home in this city
at 1603 Paru street, where he resides with
his wife and little daughter and mother.
He is a cousin of Joseph Fernald, a well
known business man of Park street.
ACCUSES DIVORCED WIFE
OF STEALING HIS COIN
John August Ytteberg Secures "War
rant for the Arrest of Ida
Thornquist.
- Junkins is experienced and well posted
in all of the inner workings of a railway
office, having been engaged In the busi
ness since boyhood. He was born in Val
lejo nearly forty years ago. His first po
sition was with a law firm In San Fran
cisco as clerk. He left the place of codes
and statutes for a desk in the offices of
the Southern Pacific Company at Fourth
"and Townsend streets, where he made a
name for himself by his careful and con
scientious work.
which has ' just been made of
Charles K. Junkins of this city to be the
Pacific Coast agent of the El Paso and
Northeastern system of the Rock Island
road, with headquarters at San Fran
cisco.
ALAMEDA. July 17.-Reliablllty
and thoroughness In the per
formance of every duty have been
recognized in the appointment
PARIS. July 17.— Counsel for A. J. Mo
ranne and Lucien Mas. the witnesses of
the death of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fair,
who were arrested on Wednesday en the
charge of perjury as a result of infor
mation eiven to the judicial authorities
of the Department of the Seine that their
testimony was oDen to the suspicion of
having been inspired by a party to tho
suit ha3 made a demand that 'their
clients be set at liberty. The provisional
examining magistrate has decided to ap
point experts to examine the reports of
the American procedure whereon the ar
rest of the witnesses is based. Moranne
and Mas gave testimony in New York. .
COUNSEL DEMANDS LIBERTY
FOR ARRESTED CLIENT
ROME, July 18, 9:40 a>m.— The
doctors attending the Pope have just
His temperature is 36.2 centigrade;
"The night was passed without
sleep, but from an early hour this
morning his Holiness rested tran
quilly. His respiration is calm and
not superficial, and the level of the
pleural liquid is slightly lowered,
issued the following bulletin:
pulse v/eak, 88; respiration, 28. The
general condition of the patient is
unchanged. LAPPONl.
"MAZZONI."
ELGIN CITIZEN
NEARLY LYNCHED
Frederickson beat Tufts one up. -Hunt
beat Brown two up and six' to play. But
ler beat- Oi« one up, J9 holes. Maud beat
Cook seven up, five to play. Frederick
son beat Hunt six up, four to play. Maud
beat Butler five up, four to play.
The water polo match between the Elks
and Santa Barbara teams resulted in fa
vor of the latter, the players of which
made the only score.
The golf tournament to-day brought C.
E. Maud and William Frederickson con
spicuously to the front, both men play
ing a -remarkable game which will draw
them into the final set with' 36 holes.
Another interesting: result of the game
was a tie Between Charles Orr of Pasa
dena and William Butler of Los' Angeles
at 18 holes. Another hole was called, with
the result 'that Butler won. Scores for
to-day: !•- "
Freeman, as well as Bell, had put up
a strong game throughout the series, but
the former defender depended upon his
superior vitality to win the game in the
end. The result therefore was somewhat
in the nature of a surprise.
, The tennis tournament will be sus
pended to-morrow in order to permit the
players to join in an excursion to Santa
Cruz Island, which will occupy the great
er Dart of the day.
SANTA BARBARA. July 17.-After
having won nearly every game of tennis
in which he engaged In California during
the last six years, L. R. Freeman of
Pasadena went " down to defeat before
Alonzo Bell of- Los Angeles this afternoon
on the Potter courts in the men's finals.
The games were the most sensational of
the Santa Barbara tournament. The
score was 6-1. G-2. 6-4.
Alonzo Bell of Los Angeles Proves
His Superior in the Ten
nis Finals.
FREEMAN OF PASADENA
GOES DOWN TO DEFEAT
Latest News
*¦ I \J 1 1 1 Xycuutuc
of Pope Leo
POPULAR RAILROAD MAN
WHO HAS BEEN GIVEN IM
PORTANT POSITION.
The laboratory is one of the most com
plete in the world. It is a frame struc
ture of a severely plain architectural
style, two stories high and built on solid
foundations of concrete. It la the gift
to the university Qt Rudolph Spreckles.
who subscribed $25,000 for the purpose.
The apparatus that Professor Lgeb
uses while delvine Into the mysteries of
life fill all the rooms of the laboratory.
It Is a strange collection of machinery
and paraphernalia that the lay mind
would not understand without a first
hand explanation from the scientist him
self, but it is all interesting. In some of
the rooms there are great pillars of con
crete, built clear of the woodwork and
designed for delicate measurements.
There are tubes and 'glasses fend any
number of trays. The two smaller pavil
ions and the ground floor are set aside
as class laboratories and lecture rooms.
In the basement is a creat concrete res
ervoir where— Professor Loeb will keep
the marine creatures necessary to his ex
periments. - : -_ r - ';
Professor Loeb and his assistants, Mar
tin Fischer and C. G. Rogers, occupy the
entire second floor where their private
laboratories are situated. Dr. Fischer
has already begun a series of experiments
In biology.
The building that Professor Jacques
Loeb will use to carry on his biological
investigations at the University of Cal
ifornia is about completed and the pro
fessor has moved in with his assistants.
All the furniture and instruments that
the scientist finds so useful to him are
there, too. and there Is nothing appar
ently standing between him and a few
more such discoveries as have already
startled the world.
Berkeley Office San Franc'sco Call,
214S Center Street, July 17.
Blue and gray are the colors that de
light the heart of the "boss," as(.the su
perintendent; is referred to among .the
hello lassies. He. has put that much
down Jn black and. white and has posted
it in the local office so that every girl
who .dresses may read. But all of the
girls do not own. costumes of blue and
gray and Just how to attire themselves is
the puzzle of the hour.
When the superintendent of the Sunset
Telephone Company dropped into the local
office unexpectedly a few days ago he
gazed around and for a brief time imag
ined that he was viewing a fancy dress
party of the "400." Some of the fair op
erators were gowned In handsome suits of
clinging material; others were conr.r.g
into or leaving the office weai Ing elegant
picture hats and all looked lovely.
After feasting his eyes on the scene of
beauty before him and calching his
breath the superintendent del^ered a lec
ture on what might be entitled "The Dis
advantages of Dress to the Girl Who
Works." Then he posted his order taboo
ing all finery and instructing the fair
ones who are always saying "hello" to
the general public to hereafter report for
duty dressed, in somber gray or the
brighter blue. The girls have not yet for
gotten what the "boss" said and that is
why* they are talking about it.
ALAMEDA. July 17.— "What shall we
wear to please the boss?" is the question
that all of the local "hello girls" are ask
ing each other now when they are not en
gaged. In telling some impatient human
that the "line is busy."
Investigator- Now Equipped
With a Complete
Laboratory.
Picture Hats^ and OliDging
;Gown9 Astonhh the
Superintendent.
Phone Operators Are
I Informed How They
Shall Dress.
Professor Loeb Moves
Into Building With
Assistants.
His Selection to Office of Pacific Coast Agent
of El Paso: and Northeastern System of
Rock Island Road Pleases His Friends
BOSS TABOOS
GIRLS FIWERY
APPARATUS NOW
READY FOR WORK
JUNKIN'S APPOINTMENT MEETS
WITH APPROVAL OF ASSOCIATES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1903.
Hereditary Taint of Melancholia Drives Little James Patton
to Hang Himself Until Dead, Thereby Achieving
a Goal He Had Twice Sought With Baby Hands
CURSED BY PRENATAL INFLUENCES
BOY OF TENDER YEARS ENDS ALL
. FELL. OFF AN ELECTRIC CAR. — J.
Slcrck, a baker living at 125. Valencia, street,
fell off. a ' Mission-street electric car at Twen
ty-first street early yesterday! morning, and
was taken to the City and County Hospital
In the patrol was on. Dr. Bine found that he
had , sustained a scalp wound and a fractured
knee. ' ¦ ¦
10Continued on Page Thlrtoea.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange- Is lower and Sliver
slightly higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S'ii,
Sterling Exchange, cables .... — 4 S7%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 41%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was very little new yes
terday. Chicago reported trade quiet, with
the crowd bearish and a good deal of long
Wheat coming out. Lower cables were a
damper on the market. Exports for the week
Flour included, were 3,600,000 bushels. Ad
vices from the Northwest said that the North
western crop at best, would be only moderate.
There was nothing new In the local situa
tion.
New Wheat, $1 37%®1 42% for shipping and
$1 45@1 60 for milling.
CASH WHEAT. . •
California Club. $1 40@l 42%; California
White Australian. $1 60@l 52%; Northern
Club, $140i8142%; Northern Blue Stem,
|1 48»4@1 60; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
v FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . .$1 38% $1 38% $1 38ft $1 38%
2»p. -m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 39% $1 39?4 $139% $139%
BARLEY— Aside from some nibbling for ex
port there was nothing new yesterday, the
market being quiet.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. new. $1 01%@l 03%: new shipping and
brewing. $1 12%@1 17%; old brewing. $1 159
1 20: Chevalier. $1 1501 30 for fair to choice.
, FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December .. 03 - »3% 03 03%
¦ _ p. m. Session.'
Open. • High. Low. Close.
December .. 03% 93% 93% 93%
OATS — Skepticism regarding the Govern
ment order is increasing, and it is now said
that th« Government will probably turn down
the recent bids. As a good many Oats -were
bought up . In expectation of this order, . Its
cancellation would not nave a very stre-sth-
There was some movement In the sugar
stocks in the afternoon. Honokaa rising to $12
and Paauhau to )16. Otherwise there was
nothing new in local stocks and bonds, and the
oil stocks were also quiet.
Recent street sales are 60 shares Bank of
California- at $550 and 3000 Southern Paclflo
4%s, 1905. at $05.
Stock and Bond Exchange. ,
• FRIDAY. July 17—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask,
4s qr coup... — 111% 4s q c (new). 133% 138
4s qr reg 111 lll*jiC« qr coup. . .108 109
MISCELLANEOUa
Ala A W Cs. — — Do 5s — —
Pay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5». — lOSt*
C C G&E 5s. — 107% Ok WCogtdSs — 100
Cal G & E B Oceanic SC5s 75 83
m and ct5s — — Om C R 6s.. 124 123
Cal-st C 5s.. — — Pae G Imp4» 90 —
C C Wat 5s.. — 105 P E Ry 5s.. — 108
Ed L & P 6s.. 128 — P & C R 6s. — —
F&C1 K 6s. 116% — P & O R 6s. — —
: Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st 6s. 116% —
! H C&S 6%S.102% — S E CAR 5s. — 104
' C H & S 5a. 95 98 SF * SJV 5s. — 121
1 Hon R T 6a. — 108 S R of C es.H0%112t4
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A (to
L A Ry 5s.. — 115% (1900) 107%109
LALC6S...— — (19X0) 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — IS P of C 8a
Do gtd 6s.lOG — (1905)Sr A.103%104
LAP lem 5s.l03%104% <1905)Sr B. — 103*1
Mkt-st C6s.- — U90«> .... — 107%
Do lem 5s. 117% — (1912) — 118%
N R of C 6s. — 109 S P C leg 6a.l20% —
Do 5s — 120% Do stmpd-. — 110%
N P C RR5s. — 108% S P B R 6a. — 140
N C Ry 5s.. — 114% S V Wat 6«. — 107%
N CPC 5a. .100 — Do 4s 2dm. 100 —
N S R 6s — 10O Do 4s 3dm. — 10O
O G L H 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E 6a — 102
Oak T 6a — 122 U G & E Ss. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 58 61 lPort Costa.. 64 66%
Marin Co 60% — I Spring Val.. 85 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — BVilSac E*G & R 39 —
Equit Gas... 4>-i — S F G & B. 67 67%
Mutual EL. — 14 S F Gas ... 3 3\L
Pac G Imp.. 52% — Stkn O i E. 5 —
Pac L Co ... 65% 57 U G & E 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67 67*4/
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.123 — Lon P A A.. 183 —
Anglo-Cal ..94 — Mer Trust ..175 240
Bank of Cal. — 675 Merch Ex .. 63 T» ¦
C S D & T. .142%16O S F Nation! — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. . — 2275 Sav A. L Soc 90 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Bar Bk.400 500
Mut S Bank. 95 — Union T Co213O —
S F Sav U..600 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio .... — 45
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 72% 73 /VIgortt 4 5%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . 23c 40c iKUauea S C. 5 8
H C A 3 43% 47% Makawell S. 24 241*
Honokaa S C 12 — lOnomea S C. — 2S»i
Hutch S P C 14% 15 'Paauhau S C IS. 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl48%150 Oceanic S Co 7 S
Cal Fruit Aa S3% — Pac A F A. . .2% —
Cal Wine As — 09% Pac C Borax. 186 —
Morning Session. *
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 149 00
60 Central Light A Power SCO
$3000 Edison L A P bonds 12S BO
15 Honokaa 11 12*i
10 PaciHc Gas Imp 53 0O
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
ICO Honokaa Co 12 00
40 Paauhau S P Co 15 50
fiO Paauhau S P Co ...s: 18 CO
ICO S F Gas A Electric Co 67 25
50 S F G & E (Trustees' Cert.).... 67 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
On Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 83
Four Oil • Tt
Hanford Oil 11« 0O 123 00
Home Oil 3 00 3 10
Imperial OH 1» 00
Independence Oil 16 18
Junction Oil 21 23
Kern Oil 5 25 5 50
Lion Oil O 5 OK
Monte Cristo Oil 95 1 fiO
Monarch OH 53 5rt
Oil Citv Petroleum 31 33
Peerless Oil - 14 5O
Reed Crude Oil 37 40
San Joaauln Oil 5 75 « 73
Sterling Oil •• 3 00 3 10
Thirty-three Oil •••• 8 CO
Twenty-eight Oil 4 00
Union Oil 8S (XV
UnUed Petroleum 113 0O
West Shore Oil 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement. 1 20 1 40
Ainmeda Sugar 25 00
American Biscuit 85 00 100 CO
Ai»?rican District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas A. Elec.... ..„
Cal. Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 00
Cal. Powder ii'IS -»•"
Cal Shipping £*> I30O
Cal' Title Ins & Trust. . ... .130 0O 1 4 © CO
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 Cu ....
Chutes Company .... 0 00
City and County Bank .«.. ....
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co 8 12% ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 1» CO
London A S. F. Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern Cal. Power 9 73
Nevada National Bank ,i'"
North Shore Railroad 10 OO ....
Orpheum Company 18 00 ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel 123 50
rarafflne Paint 33 00 ....
Postal Device & Imp .... * ....
San Francisco Dry Dock .... 4. CO ....
Sausallto Land A Ferry-. •• 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 32 CO
enlng effect on the market, to say the least. I
Business is quiet at the moment.
New Red *1 15@1 2t> per ctl.
Old crop-^-White. $1 17%@1 25; Black $1 10
«?1 17%; Red. *1 12%<31 17% for common and
$1 20(31 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Continues scarce and nominal.
California large Yellow. $1 40<@l 45: small
round do $1 7031 75; White, $1 40@l 43;
Egyptian. 11 45®1 50 for White and $1 400
1 45 for Brown.
RYE — Sales of new crop at ?1 12%*S1 15 are
reported. Old Is quoted at $1 10@l 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $202 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 40®
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 30®
4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70@4 per
bbl for Family and $3 •70@4 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 10O lbs; Rye
Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. 53; Rice Flour. $7;
Com 'Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. ?4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 G0#4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $6 75@9 CO; in sacks. $6 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local millers and receivers continue to re
port a firm market for Bran and Middlings,
with lighter offerings, with prices unchanged.
Hay is as before quoted, and is firm or weak,
according as the day"s receipts are light or
heavy.
BRAN— $24025 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27©30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24@25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $22@23 per
ton;-. Oilcake- Meal at the mill. $26@26 50;
jobbing $27®27 60: Cocoanut Cake. $20021;
Corn Meal $27 50@2S 60: Cracked Corn. $28 50
@29 60; Mixed Feed, |22@23; Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
NEW HAT — Wheat. $10©12 50; Wheat and
Oat $0 50011; Oat. $8 50@ll 60: Barley. $3 50
@10 50: Clover. $9®10; Stock. $7 60®8 50; Al
falfa. $8® 10 per ton.
STRAW— 35<g60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new to report under this
head, business being quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 6003 70; Pea, $3 25@
3 00; Butters. $3 25; small White, $3 15@3 30;
large White, $2 0003 15: Pink. $2 S5#3 10;
Red S2 90@3: Lima, $3 45®.J 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal; Blackeye, $2 50@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 25@1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $1 90ig2; Canary. 5%c
for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal: Rape. 15«#2%c;
Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb; Mil
let 303%e. Broom Corn Seed. $1S@2O per ton.
-DRIED PEAS— Green are offering at $2i§2 25
per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes were in ample supply and the
market generally had an easy tone. Fancy
stock moved off fairly under a good local de
mand, but cheap stock dragged at greatly re
duced prices. Quotations for old Burbanks
were largely nominal, the demand being very
light. Choice Onions were steady at previous
prices:
Tomatoes were more plentiful than on the
preceding day. but the supply was still rather
limited and prices were well maintained. Cu
cumbers and Summer Sauash arrived freely
and prices declined. Chile Peppers were of
fering freely but Bell were very scarce and
found quick sale at higher rates. The receipts
of Green Corn were liberal and Included a lot
of poor and wormy stock, which dragged at >
the minimum quotations. Good stock was
well ¦ cared for at the top rates. Asparagus.
Pea 'and String Beans were steady. Okra and
E«rg Plant were easy.
POTATOES— New White. 50c@$l 10 per ctl
in packs and 75e@$l 50 in boxes; Early Rose.
75c@Sl: Garnet Chiles. $1@1 15: old Burbanks
from Oregon. $1 20@l 50 per ctl.
ONIONS— 55@70c per ctl.
• VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 25 per
sack- crates from Alameda. $1 25®1 75: from
Berkeley tKffl 15; Asparagus, $1^2 25- per
box- Green Peas. 3@4c per lb; String Beans.
2%®4c per lb; Wax. 2%®4c: Tomatoes. 75<©
85c for small boxes and $1 75«?2 for large
boxes from the river; Summer Squash. 75c®
$125 per box; Cabbage. 75c@$l per ctl: Car
rots 76cg$l per sack: Cucumbers. 30@40c per
box 'for Marysvllle and 75c@$l for bay; Garlic.
2%<fi3%c per lb: Dried Peppers. 5c per lb:
Green Peppers, 75c(g$l per box for Chile and
$1 50^1 75 fpr- Bell; Green Okra. $1@1 25 per
box; Egg Plant. $1 25@1 50 per box.
4: - Poultry and Game.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were .lighter
than for eome time past and cleaned up bet
ter In consequence. The demand, however, was
not unusually brisk and prices were without
quotable change. 'Hens and small Broilers
continued easy, while j young Roosters and
Large" Broilers and Fryers were steady, a
car of Western came In. but was held over
for Monday's market. A. few sacks of Gama
came in and cleaned up quickly at steady
P POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese.:
per pair, $1@1 50; Goslings, $ltf?l 50; Ducks,
$:{fi3 50 per dozen for old and $3 50@4 50 for
young- Hene,- $4(^5; young Roosters. $6<gS;
old Roosters, $4<£5; Fryers. $3 5O®4 50;Broll
ora. 13-13 no for laree and S222 60 for small :
tVi_«W' 1 .¦¦-:,.¦-¦-.¦, • --":sBlBB6S_S
NEW TORK. July 17.— The recovery in
prices of securities, which was interrupted
ye«terday by the late slump in Amalgamated
Copper was resumed to-day. It showed some
r-e*!t_tio?i at various times owing to the un
settled effects of rudden breaks in tpecial
clocks. But it KS.thered force as the day pro
jrrensed and at the final hour the whole market
was lifted between 2 and 3 points over lad
night. New York Central and St. Paul led
the »dvs.nc«». but rains of 2 points or more
mere secured by Pennsylvania, Reading. Erie
first rre'erred. Illinois Central. Union Pacific,
Atchison. Amalgamated Copper and Kmeltlng.
Amor.* the inactive stocks there were some
lsrirer ratr;». which represented recoveries
from recent correspondingly \-lo!ent declines.
The opening advance In the market was first
checked by a renewed attack on Amalgamated
Ccpper. which carried it back to yesterdays
low record level. Kut the stock showed deter
mined resistance and became strong, notwith
standing « rf-r-ort of an additional cut In the
price of th» product. Another barkset was
caused by th<> drop m Sugar to 194 below last
night, which followed the announcement of a
riee in the price In the refined eucar and was
without other explanation. Colorado Fuel
th»r> made s violent slump o? 6% points to the
low price for the year. «nd this break was fol
lowed by a break in Toledo, St. Louis & West
ern «ecurlt!e*. which cost the. common stock
6% points, the preferred 7% and the 4 per cent
bonds 2%. Bock I*!and was the last stock to
ehow notable weakness and its decline r.t 1%
ended the resistance to the advance In the
fetieral market. The market was not notably
affected fcy tr.y of these breaks, and this
caused an impr«»B*!on that covering movements
on a large seal* wer« going en under co\ - er of
th* depression in spot*. This pave color to the
*uppo»' that the occasional breaks were
due t .raiding tar-tirs, although there were in
dications r>f the closing out of some accounts
fo>- forced liquidation. The general feeling; over
th* .money outlook wan brighter and rumors
were eirrulsted with luEslgnM authority that
rr.sny propo'M loans by railroad corporations
hsd been postponed. »tlmates of the week's
<*urrency movements pointed to a net gain by
th»- banks of «'ver t3.ono.ooo. Thin rife In In
terest rat«a here reerns to have induced a large
inflow of currency from interior poinU and the
Sub- Treasury mad» heavy dlsbureemenU yes
terday and to-<Jsj- for •p^clal accountc. thus
lenrely reducing the week's wu-Jy loss by the
banks to that institution. The offerings of
•*• fcrelyn furds in this market have also re-
New York Stock Market.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Hanford — Picking rears; harvesting barley.
Apricots all dried. Fruit crcp above the aver
age.
Wcatlur Report.
(liOtb Meridian — Paeiflc Time.)
6v_N FRANCISCO, July 17—0 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
o t K O »
3 A S|a| fl I
3 Eg S B -;_ | o
STATIONS. § |l g9|^ f S
: I 2 : :. I
: 3 3 : I :
BcOter 23.98 F2 4S NE Clear -00
• ¦ai-on a».Stt h« 4« W Cloudy -<»0
Eureka. ao.10 . r^ 50 N Cloudy .on
Fresno 29 . S2 &6 M ~V Clear .00
Flagstaff r.».K2 7S 40 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .2».kO HO «4 SE Cl->ar .00
Los Angeles... 29. V« 78 5« W Clear .00
Mt Tainali>al8.29.94 K0 .. W Clear .00
North Head... 80. 08 &8 64 NW Cloudy .01
rhoenix 29.72 112 74 NW Clear .52
Poca-tello 30.00 76 .V) NW Cieitr ."0 j
Portland 29.96 80 6« W near .00 1
Point Reyes... 2a. 9S 52 .. NW Foggy .W
R*d Bluff 29. *0 J*4 «4 t^E Clear .0«J
Ro^burg S».«« M M NW Pt.Cldy.no
Sacramento ..29.»4 *-2 f>2 B <1ear .00
Salt Lake ~>.'.>4 7S «!<> NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 29. 9S 58 50 W tloudy .W
Ran L. OLifpo.30.i>2 OS 4S W Clear .00
San Diego.... 23. M 6g 02 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.C4 74 12 W Clear .00
Fpokane T.'.M h<i 52 W Clear .00
Tatoosh 30. OK 56 TO F^\* Cloudy .20
Walla Walla.. .29. »0 ".»4 <",4 NK Clear .00
\V:nnemucc_ .23.92 64 fc2 NW Clear Tr. j
Yuma 2».72 102 74 SW Clear -Ot j
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails ever the Pacific slope,
except cloudy or foggy along the coast and
cloudy in Northern Arizona and Southern Utah.
Light rain :s reported from the Washington
coaet.
The preeyure has fallen »lcwly weet cf the
Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has remained nearly eta
ticnary o*«?r the Pacific Coast and rifen over
the plateau and R^cky Mountain regions. It
ie below the normal throughout California.
Forecast ms.de at Pan Francisco for thirty
hour* ending mi.Ir.ight. July 18:
Northern California — Saturday, cloudy or
f r *rry along the ccast, fair in the interior;
freth »'eet m'ind.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
north wert wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
San Francifco find vicinity — Cloudy cr foggy
in the morning ar.<J at riipht. fair during the
day Saturday; fresh west wind.
O. EL WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the 24 h":ur* ending 5 p. ra., 120th meri
dian time. Sin Francisco. July 17:
--=--= e_ yi --i
5 r si iz t* |i II
S§TJg '¦ wk C= e-Q
STATIONS. ~=j2c » .» . e
-• »• c"^ • . .£.•**
cc -1— • • ~ •
S 3 ig - : :
: : ? s : :
CloreKale V7 ¦ U> .00 Clear S
Eureka r.O M Tr. Cloudy N 10
Fre*r.o ft* ZM .<K) Clear W Lt.
Hanford «7 55 .00 Clear
Hollister 74 4a .<*<) Clear
Independence .. 1*0 <3 .<» Clear fE 14
King City *4 50 .00 Clear X Lt.
Llvennore M Tm .00 Clear
Lo* Angrle*... 7h 4S .m Clear W 10
Nap» 74 T.2 .<«) Clear S
Newman 1"" 54 .<*• Clear
T> e ;fni)o 92 f^l .«» Clear 6
Red Bluff U4 <i4 .<*) Clear PE 0
Facr«niei:to ... 1*4 'C .00 Clear P 12
Pen Die?o OS «S .(<O Clear NW 8
Pan FrjLricip-yv M !•** -«O Cloudy W 20
f? L. Obirro--- •>" ** -"0 Clear W 10
F*nt_ M-.ria... 72 C3 .00 Clear W Lt.
Fanta Rvi 75 f.5 .00 Clear
Stockton >-5 C2 .00 Clear
Willows 91 00 .00 Clear 6
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Conditions still good; peach crop
f.ne.
Palermo — Trapcdy prune* are ripe and belrg
harvested.
Hollister— Light fog. Apricot drying com
rcier.ced in earnest: yield better than estimated.
L! verm >re — Unchanged.
Santa Maria — SUrhtly fogry- Apricots dry
ing: light crop. All other crops heavy and
FStirfactory-
Santa Roe*.— Prevailing cool weather bene
ficial for BTOwinK crops.
CloverdsJe — 8>ot as good crop cf prunes ex
l*>cted as lart season.
King City — Heavy morning: rn'.«.
Stockton — Potato** promise good crop en
:«K.rd; onion Bhirmerit about over.
Newman — Conditions unchar.Kfd.
Napa— Graphs promise a large yi»ld.
Heved the situation. Sterling exchange, how
ever, made some recovery to-day from yester
day's oensatlonal break. Discounts hardened
In London and Berlin and sterling weakened
at Paris. London also turned seller of secu
rities in this market! on balance. To-day's
movement in stocks reflected a feeling of con
fidence that the banking situation Is materially
improved. The market closed active and
steady at about the top' level.
li-.ri'is were Inclined to rally, but there were
some weak spots which made the tone lrregu- j
lar. Total Bales (par value), $2,395,000. Unit- I
fed States bonds were all unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
"Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atrhi^on 01,050 (4ji; 04% 66
Atrhlson pfd .".300 M% »8»i 89
Baltimore & Ohio .. 21.200 M% S2t 8 84
Baltimore & O pfd.. 300 93 03 «2 {
Canadian Pacific .. 15.4UO 12^?; 122% 123% [
Oniral of N J 400 1«3 1OO 100
dies & Ohio 4,750 :!5% 34% 35%
Chicago & Alton .. l.SW 25Vj 24=4 25% I
Chicago & A pfd . . 500 C6% 6C% 60% !
Chicago & G W .. 3,450 17% 17 !7}k j
Chi & G W B pfd.. 2«0 31% 34% 344 j
Chicago & N W .. 1.900 185% 103% 164^
Chicago T & T 400 12% 12% 12
<'hie**o T & T pfd. 900 _2% 21% 21&i
C C C & Pt Louis . 1.5oO 78V 7«U 77* 4 !
Colorado So 400 15 14% 14%;
Colo So 1st pfd 400 63 53 63
Colo So 2d pfd TOO 23 22»4 23 H •
Del & Hudson 600 188% 167 108% ;
Del. Lack & W 700 249 245 246
Denver & Rio O . . 300 25% 25% 26
Denver & R G pfd 79%
Erie 31.350 31% 30% 31% i
Krte 1st pfd »,600 07% 65% 67% I
Erie 2<i pfd 3,750 C2 52 T.2
Oreat Northern pfd 175
Hocking Valley . . 300 7S>% 7S 78% j
Hocking Val pfd 86
Illinois Central 6.400 131 H 12i»"*i 131
Iowa Central 900 22% 22 22 !
Iowa Central pfd.... 300 38% 38 38%
Kansas City So .. 100 23 23 22%
Kansas City So pfd 4U;
Louisville & Nash.. 3.«00 1OX 10fi% 107^
Manhattan L 3.80O 1.13U 1.T21- 133 >«'
Metropolitan St Ry. 1.300 119% 118% 11»% j
Minneap & St Louis 77
Missouri Pacific .. 26.1OO 100 9S% 90 s . j
Mo. K & T 000 21 20% 21 »» I
Mo. K & T pfd .. 400 44 42U 4:n 4 j
National of Mex 19%
National of M pM. 1<*> 39ft 39»i 39% |
N Y Central 21.000 118% 116% 117% |
Norfolk & Western. 2.300 01% 63% 64%
Norfolk & W pfd SS%
Ontario & Western. 3.1O0 24 23% 24
Pennsylvania 3y,7O0 121% 120% 121% I
Pittsburg.CC & S L KM 71 71 71
Reading :. 64.9D0 DO'i 49 f>0«4
Reading 1st pfd 82 :
Reading 2d pfd.... 000 6S «7«i 6S
Rock Island Co .. 33.HJ0 30 27»* 29 tf
Rork Isi Co pfd 1.700 07% C6 67
ft L & S F 1st pfd «S
S L & S F 2d pfd. 300 67 5O4 57
Ft Louis S W 4<>0 15*4 15% 15
St Louis S W pfd.. 40O .34% 33% 34%
Ft Paul 41.000 14:5% 141 142"^
Bt P«ul pfd 100 173 17.-? 173
Southern Pacific .. ia.70» 47% 45% 47>i
Southern Railway . 3.3W 2-1 22% 22%
Southern R R pfd.. 1.K0O R0% M 1*6%
Texas & Pacific .. 2W 27% 20'i 27%
Toledo. St L A W.. 2.500 23% 1^4% 20U
Tol. St L & W FfJ- 8.800 35 32 33%
Ur.ion Pacific 33.200 7S% 70% 78
Union Pacific pfd. 300 SO 80 80
Wabash 2.1O0 2.1 22 22%
¦^abash pfd 5.C00 40 3SU 39*i
Wheel & L E 19
Wisconsin Cen ... 1,000 19 1S% 18%
Express Companies-
Adams 100 1S5 185 221
American ISO
United States .... 10:j
Wells Fargo 1S5
Miscellaneous —
AmaUamat Copper 62,300 4914 46% 49%
Am Car & Fdry... 2,200 35«.i 34<-j 35ii
Am C & F pfd .100 SG% 85>4 86
Am Locomotive 1.O0 1 ) 20U 19% 19%
Am Locomot pfd... JiOQ 87% S7 >»7%
Am S:nc!t & Ref.. S,9«J0 43% 41 4'2\
Am Pniflt & R pfd. 4i«l n2>4 1»>\ 91-%
An g-jpar Ref 16,2f»t 117 'i 114*4 116%
Anaconda Mm Co.. 1.4<K) HI 80 *?
Hr^klj-n Rap Trn. 7.200 r.2% 50^ 52
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 5.2UO M% C2 55
Colamb & H Coal.. 400 10*4 15% 10%
Consolidated Gas... L.SOO 1SS 1RO% 188
General Electric... 2,r»(K» IKS H56% 167
International Paper .500 14% 14 14
Interal Paper pfd.. 200 67% 67% 67%
Inteml Pump 37
Internl Pump pfd 77%
National Biscuit 37%
National Lead 400 l«% 10% 10%
North American... 200 K4 ! i t 84% S4%
Pacific Mail 200 24 V 4 24 24 :*
People's Ga* 1.6OO »0*4 05% 90%
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 4S% 47% 48
Prueeed S Car pfd 84
Pullman Pal Car.. 400 202 201 201
Rej-ubllc Steel 1.200 13% 13 13
Republic Steel pfd. 600 72 71 71%
Rubber Goods 100 21 21 20%
Rubber Goods pfd 74%
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 2.SO0 48% 48% 48 *»
U S Leather WW) 8% R 8%
U S Leather pfd... 1.1W 81 80% 81
U S Rubber s . 1.100 13 12% 12
U S Rubber pfd... 200 48% 48 43
IT S Pteel 37.300 20% 20 20%
U S Steel pfd 0,700 77% 70% 77
Western Union COO 83% 83 S3%
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 17.— United Railroads of
Fan Francisco bond transactions: 10,000 at
$7C 87%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg. . 106% Rock Island 78%
Do coupon 100% Manhattan £ loo
Do 3s. reg 107% ; L & S unified 4s. 99
I>o coupon 106% Mex Central 4s.. 7.1%
Do new 4s. reg. 134%! Do 1st lnc .... 20%
I>o coupon 135% Minn & St L 4s.. 99%
Do old 4.«. reg.. Ill jMo. Kans & T 05
I »o coupon Ill I Do 2ds 79
Do 5s, re« 101%'N Y C ten 3%s.. 00
Do coupon 103 ,N J C gen 5s.... 127%
Atrh e*n 4s 99%!Nor Pac 4s 101
Iki adj 4s 8S%t Do 3s 71%
Eal & Ohio 4s.... 99 t a!N & W con 4s 97%
Do 3%s 02 Reading gen 4s... 04% !
Do conv 4s 100 ,S L * I M con 5s.llO%
Can So 2ds 106 8 L & S F 4s 06%
Central of Ga 5s. 103 1st Louis SW lsts. 92
Do 1st inc 71%, Do 2ds 74
Chee & Ohio 4%s.lo3 S A & A Pass 4s. 7X%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7"4 'So Pac 4s 85% !
O. B & Q new 4s. »0% So Ry 5s 112%
I O.MA-St P ten 4s.lf)S .Tex & Pac lsts...U5
I C & NW C(n 7s..l30%|T. St L & W 4s.. 75
C, H I & Pac 4S.100 j Union Pac 4s 100
O.C.C &. ii L gn 4s 95 Do conv 4s 04%
j «~hi Term 4r 78 iWabash lsts 114%
' Tola & So 4s 87% Do 2ds 106
j pen & Rio G 4s.. 97%' Do deb B 65%
Erie prior lien 4s. £?« iWest Shore 4s.... 107'
I»o cen 4« 82% W & L Erie 4s.. 90
F W & D C lsts.105 WIs Central 4s.. 87%
Hooking Val 4%s.lO4% Con Tobacco .... 69%
Pennsylvania 94% Colo Fuel & Iron. S_
Steel 79%
NEW YORK MINING EXCHANGE.
Adams Con 08 Little Chief 06
Alice 18 Ontario 6 50
Brecc* 15 Ophlr '..... 1 47i
rrunswlck Con... 03 Phoenix 08
<v>m Tunnel 07%'Potosl 22
*.on Cal & Va -1 30 Ravage 15
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 62
Iron Silver 1 .V) Small Hopes 25
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 2 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWestghouse Com. 85
Call loans 3^i Mining-
Time loans 4@5 Adventure 3*4
Bonds— Allouez - 4%
Atchison 4s fiS Amalgamated .... 49'
Mex Cen 4h 73 Btngham 23*4
Railroad*— . Cal & HecU 425
Atrhison 60 Centennial 10
Atchlson pfd 89% Copper Range ... 48%
Bos & Albany 245 Dominion Ccal .. 97>i
Bos & Maine 166 Franklin 8
Boston Elcv 140 lisle Royal* ...*.. 7
N Y. N H A H..100 Mohawk .... 37 '
Fltchburg pfd ...135 Old Dominion ... 10%
Union Pac 78 IO«ceoIa 50
M« Central..... 20>ij Parrot 18%
Miscellaneous — Quincy TT)«%
Amer Kugar ... .116% Santa Fe Cop.... 1%
Amer Sucur pfd. 118% Tamarack 88
Anjer Tel & Tel.. 131% Trlmountaln .... 84
Pom Iron & 3... 14% Trinity 4%
Cen Electric 160 United States ...20
Mass Etectrlo ... 24 Utah '.. 2«U
Ma;s Elec pfd... *2 Victoria 3%
United Fruit 102 Wlnona 7%
U S Steel 20% Wolverln* 63
U 3 Steel nfd... 83
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money'.02 5-10. N Y Central llO 1^
Do for aoct... 92 7-16 Nor & West 65tf
Anaconda 34% Do pfd 02
Atchlson «7Vi Ont & Western... 24%
Do pfd 91 Pennsylvania .... 62
Bait & Ohio 85% Rand Mines 10%
Can Paclflo 120 Reading 25%
Chesa St Ohio 36 Do l«t pfd 42
Chi Great West... 18 Do 24 pfd 35
C. M 4 8t P 144H Southern Ry 23&
D«Beer 10%! Do pfd 88%
Den & Rio G SOiWiSouth Pacific 47%
Do pM 82% Union Paetfio ... 70
Erie 31%| Do pfd 89
Erie 1st pfd C7%U S Steel 27
Erie 2d pfd 60 I Do pfd 78%
Illinois Central... 131 JijWabash 23 %
Louis A Nftsh...l00%' Do pM 41
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 21V*\ , ¦
Bar tilver— Steady, 24%d per ounce.
Money— 1%02 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for thre* months
bills la 2% per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Th« following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for th» w«ek ended
July 16. with the percentage of lncreass and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: P. rC entages.
Cities — Amounts.' Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,313,187,134 .... 9.8
•Chicago ies.OOS.l'J« 3.6 ....
•Boston 137.415.153 .... 4.1
•Philadelphia .... U£gM»_ •••• **
•St Louis 60,184.014 8.7
Plttsburg .. 47.3O3.4CO 1.6
•San Francisco.... 30.263 936 6.2 ....
•Baltimore 25.2t>2.074 .... o.l
Cincinnati £4 ?12.250 1.8
•Kansas City 20,44i,277 13.1
Cleveland 18.391.515
'•Minneapolis 13.072.074 7.4
i «Xew Orleans lb.O01.St59 34.4 ....
Detroit 10.723.489 4.7
•Louisville 10.C35.913 .... 9.8
Omaha g.2.|S,075 23.4 ....
•Milwaukee WW\ 'I' a lf
•Providence 7,383.100 4.9 ....
•Buffalo C.C56.796 17.5 ....
.<? t Paul <3,3L'0.495 9.2
Indianapolis !Hi§'§25 *l'l
[Los Angeles f'^HSI 2S#1 Vo
•St. Joseph 4.514.U24 7.2
Denver 4.S28.571 .... 10.7
! Richmond 3 - ll)4 - : "2 AJ'o U *
\ Columbus M?W fa's •••'
¦Seattle 4,471, <00 19. » ....
! Washington 4.072.848 1.1 ....
•Savannah r/^-^l? ««,
| Memphis Hit'im "&' 5
Alhanv 3,.*14,1B3 .... o.o
£_UL-keCltr.... 2.0»«.0C2 .... 14.4
j •Portland. Or s - iH Z*% I'?
! *Toledo 2.022,041 3.4
! Fort Worth 3,347.331 31.3
< Peoria 2.531.518 13.0
Hartford .W.54S 6.5 . ..
Rochester S'KI'SS 'A'l * 3>1
Atlanta 2,455.549 9.4 ....
iDesMoines 2.418.:KU 26.7 ....
I New Haven 2,060,0.5 .... ....
I Nashville 2.541,542 4.3
Spokane. Wash... 2.370.398 33.3
i Grand Rapids.... H77.6C0 7.1
i Sioux City 1,297.362 15.1 .....
Springfield. Mass. 1.993.028 23.1
! Norfolk... 1.6S0.040 6.4 ....
Dayton 1.774,990 1.0 ....
Tacoma 1,<»C,831 31.2 ....
Worcester 1.628,30rt .... 6.8
AUKURta. Ga 859,965 22.1
1 Portland. Me..... 1.733.56S 8.6 ..-..
! Scramon 1.705.095 29.6
iTopeka HK2 •••• ••••
> Syracuse l.4»»*. i7< .... "•;
I Evansville 1.327.03!> .... 20.7
i Wilmington. Del.. , 1.2«9.88« 1.7
| Birmingham > 1 'IST'2Si 13>0 Vn
I Davenport 851.6<W .... 4.0
i Fall River TS1 '5IH 'i't' 2
Little Rock S08.279 8.1
Knoxville 1.078.740 40 1 ....
Macon 750.000 22.9
I Wilkesbarre 951.842 G6.2
Akron M3.000 5.6
Springfield. Ill 005.432 ....
Wheeling. W. Va. 825.625 10.2
Wichita 625,89ft 7.7
Youngstown ?2°/£!£ \k* ""
Helena 572.540 10.8 ....
Lexington W2.G45 11.8
Chattanooga 773.218 45.0 .;..
Lowell 539.648 .... 17.5
New Bedford 597.210 3.7
Kalamazoo 735.402 34.3 ....
FarKO. N. D 473 "S5 3 -°
Canton. Ohio 472.000 .... 11.1
Jacksonville. Fla. 3«>,R9 4.0
Greensburg. Pa.... 476.559
Rockford. Ill &7&9O4 30.1
Springfield, Ohio.. 410.0S5 9.C
Binghamton 449.700 11.1 ....
Chester. Pa R17.142 1M.6
Uloomington. 111.. 3CS.011 10.0
Quincy. Ill 394.544 26.3
Sioux Falls. S. D. 2.18.7(0 .... 5.1
Mansfield. Ohio... 220.000
Jacksonville. 111.. 172.330 17.3
Fremont. Nebr. ... 14S.015 7.2
Ttlca 2.9S9.591 7.1
pecatur. 111 628,401 »6.8
••Houston 10,300.010 • 11.0 ....
••Galvettton 5,250.000 20. 9 ....
Charleston. S. C. 1.014,734
Totals. U. S... $2,163,273,748 5.7
Outside N. Y... 849.CS0.614 2.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $23,442.«07 17.2 ....
Toronto 16.70S.170 22.7
I Winnipeg 4.515,570 31.0
Halifax l.rao.«52 0.7
Ottawa 2. 535, 63.1 34.9
Vancouver, B. C. 1.335.370 2.6
Quebec 1.021,241 5.3 ....
Hamilton 1.044,275 10.1 1
8t. John, N. B.... 1»6«'.,622 5.6 ....
Victoria. B. C 543.025 12.6 ....
•••London 889,886
Total*. Canada.. $54.40,001 10.0
•Balances paid in cash. **Not Included In
totals because containing other items than
clearings. '"Not Included in totals because of
no comparison for la§t year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,450 barrels; exports, 15,720 barrels; steady
and unchanzea 1 .
WHEAT — Receipt?, 21.S50 bushels; exports,
38,100 bushel^; spot, steady; No. 1 red. 83%c
elevator: No. "2 red. PSVic f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 92%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, 92c f. o. b. allont. Options
developed weakness under liquidation, bearish'
cables, larte Argentine shipments and favor
able weather news. Rallying at noon, the mar
ket was later advanced by bullish <*timates
and large weekly clearances. The close was
ii©%c higher. No. 2 red, July closed 84%c;
September, 82c; December. &0c.
HOPS— Quiet; Pacific Coast, 1002 crop, 16®
21%c
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
MOLASSES— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5 3-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7®llc; futures
quiet at unchanged prices to a decline of five
points at the close. 8ales. 1750 bags. Includ
ing September, $3 80; December, $4 25; April,
$4 45.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal. 90 test. 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar,
2 15-lOc- refined, firm: No. R. $4 60: No. 7,
$4 55- No. 8. $4 60; No. 0. $4 45: No. 10,
$4 40; No. 11 $4 35; No. 12, $1 80; No. 13.
$4 25; No. 14. $4 20; confectioners A, $4 85;
mould A. $5 25; cut loaf, $5 60; crushed.
$5 tiO; powdered, $5 10; granulated, $5 00;
cubes, $5 26.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is a
little firmer under a slightly Improved demand.
Common. 4@5%c; prime, 5%@6c; choice, CW
@6V>c; fancy. 6%@7%c.
PRUNES— Spot prunes are steady under a
fair Jobbing demand and In most quarters
large sizes show considerable firmness. Quo
tations range from 3c to 7c for all grades
APRICOTS rule generally steady. Choice. !
7%@8%c; fancy. 10®12%c..
PEACHES attract a fair demand. They are
steady at 7%c for choice and 8@10%c for
fancy.
Ne-w York .Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 17.— There was an ad
vance of 6s for spot tin in London to £122 15s
while futures advanced 10s to £120 5s. In
New York tin was also a little higher, being
quoted at $27027 15.
Copper. In London, was slightly higher. gain-
Ing 5s on spot, which closed at £56 12s «d and
2s Cd on futures, which closed at £55 15s.
Locally, however, copper was lower, being
quoted at $13 6C013 02% for lake and elec
trolytic, and at $13 12%'8 1 13 25 for casting.
There was a decline of Is 6d In lead in Lon
don, where it closed at £11 7s 6d. Locally
lead was quiet and unchanged at $4 12%. ...
Spelter declined 2s 6d in London, closing at
£20 7s 6d. InWew York spelter was quiet and
nominal at $6.
Iron closed at r>2s 4d.ln Glasgow and at 46s
6d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet
No. 1 foundry northern. $17 60@18 50; No. 1
foundry southern and do (soft), $17 75@18 25/
Chicago Grain Market. ¦
CHICAGO. July 17. — The early wheat mar
ket was easy on bearish crop news and lower
cables and prices declined from the opening
on free stop loss felling. September opene<T~i2
0>V,c lower at 7<5%076»4c. and sold oft to
76%c. Buying by commission houses checked
the decline and the - tone became firmer on
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasolme. la
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c: Benzine, in bulX
13c; In eases. 19%c: s-.-deprrea Gasoline, la
bulk, 21c; In cases. 27%c. - ¦
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
64c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, ft?
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6$a%e. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— Prices are 10c higher. The West
ern Sugar Refining Company quotes as fol
lows, per lb In 100-lb bags; Cubes. A Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6.75c; Powdered. 5.60c; Can
dy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, fine.
5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse. 5.&Oc; Fruit
Granulated, 5.50c: Beet Granulated (10O-lb
bags only). 6.40c: Confectioners' A. 5.90c; Mag
nolia A. 5.10c; Extra C. 5c; Golden C. 4.80c;
"D," 4.80c: barrels, 10c more; half barrels, 20o
more; boxes. 60c more: 50-lb bags, 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels. 6c; boxes.
6.25« per lb. No orders taken for less than 7$
barrels or Us equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. I
FOR FRIDAY, JULY 17.
Flour, qr sks 10,7191 Wool, bales .... 4
Wheat, ctls 70 Feed, sks ...... 9
Barley, ctls 7.015 Shorts, sks 300
Oats, ctls 1.100 Pelts. No S3O
Corn, ctts 575 Hides. No «7l
Beans, sks ..... 1.H89 Tallow, ctls .... 28
Potatoes, sks ... 1,9»» Quicksilver, flsks 242
Onions, sks '. 470' Leather, rolls ... 44
Hay, tons 471 Wine, gala 49.350
Bran, sks S4."> Powder, car* ... 3
Middlings, sks .. 82S Paper, reams ... 643
Screenings, sks... 432. Lime, btls MO
Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and $1 50 for
squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1250175 per dozen;
Haie. $1@1 26; Wild Doves. $1®1 25 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs.
Conditions yesterday remained precisely as
before. Butter. Cheese and Eggs were re
ported quiet and featureless, with no outside
orders for either of the three. Stocks, while
not liberal, were large enough to satisfy the
slack demand, and quotations remained sta
tionary.
Receipts were 70.200 lbs Butter. 1127 cases
Eggs and 50,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24%4?26e; dairy. 22H9
24c; store Butter 17@20c - Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE— New, I2&i;ic, Xoung America.
13@l3%c; Eastern. 15%©lGc; Western. 12%0
13c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 23©25c for white and 210
22%c for mixed colors; store. 16@20c; Eastern,
lTtjlOc per dozen.
Deciduous and Citnis Fruits.
Receipts of fruit from the river districts
were light, and Peaches. Prunes and Pears In
baskets cleaned up quickly at firmer prices.
Apples and Bartlett Pears were In ample sup
ply, but offerings of fancy stock were com
paratively light and prices had a wide range.
Choice Gravensteln Apples in 4-tier boxes sold
well at $1 50 and 5-tler boxes were steady at
$1 25. Other Apples sold at a wide range as
to variety and quality! Wrapped Bartlett
Pears and Plums. Prunes and Apricots • In
crates were wanted for shipment on the Port
land steamer, and attractive lots sold quickly
at full figures. Receipts of the Hals's Early
variety of Peaches were light, but St. John
and Crawford varieties arrived freely. Receipt*
of Apricots In bulk from around the bay
were liberal and moved freely under a good
demand * from canners. and occasional sales
were reported at $40 per ton. A few scattering
lots of whites from Stockton sold to canners at
$20.' Grapes arrived freely from several sec
tions and prices were easier. Figs were In
heavy receipt and lower. Melons moved off
well, the demand for local consumption and
shipping being steady. Two more cars of Wa
termelons came In from Fresno, and one car
was received from Coachella. Strawberries,
Raspberries and Blackberries stood about as
previously quoted, with surplus stocks going to
the canners at the minimum quotations. Lo
ganberries ware In light receipt and firmer.
Seven boxes of Huckleberries came ; in from
Point Arena and sold at 15c per lb, and 2 boxes
arrived from Sonoma County, one of which
sold at 17 %c per lb and the other at 15c. Cit
rus and Tropical fruits stood aa previously
quoted, supplies being sufficient for all require
ments.
STRAWBERRIES— $4®7 per chest for Long
worths and $2®3 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4#6 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES — $3@4 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2§4 per chest.
CURRANTS— »2 50<&3 50 per chest.
APPLES — tOc<g$l 50 per box; Crabapples. 40
630c for small boxes and 75c@$l 25 for large.
PEARS — Bartletts, S5c@$l per box for choice
and 40@75c for common; Dearborn Seedlings,
OOWfiOc per box and JKHgfiOc per basket.
FIGS — Single-layer. 25@35c per - drawer;
double-layer. 40«*50c per drawer; large boxes
from the river 75c@$l.
PLUMS — 25@40c per box, 40@65c per crate
and 20@35c per basket.
PRUNES — Tragedy. 50@6Oc per crate and
40«J60c per basket; SImonl. C0@75c per crate.
CHERRIES— Royal Anne. 65#75c per box
and 7<&8c per lb in bulk; Btack. per box.
APRICOTS — 40@75c Per box or crate; in
bulk. $25^35 per ton.
PEACHES — 60<g60c per box for choice yellow
and 40®50c for common; baskets from the
river, 50<©75<?.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella, $1 75
@2 25 per crate; from Bakersfleld. $1 75@2;
from Winters. $3<?3 50; Nut»'eg Melons from
the river, $1 75®2 per box; vv'atermelons, $33
23 Der 100.
GRAPES — 75cfl$l per crate for Seedless and
75c@$l for Black Malvoise; Fontalnbleau. $1
FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges. $1 60©2 60 per box; Seedlings.
$161 25- Valenclas. $1 75<g3; St. Michaels.
$1 50@2 75. Lemons. 75c®$l for standard,
$1 25®1 75 for choice and $2@2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit S1®1 25; Mexican Limes. $4 60
@5- Bananas $1 5OS2 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American and 75c©$l 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins, Honey
• FRUITS^ — New Apricots, 7@9c; old Apricots,
6%®7%e for Royal and TfjOc for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4«5%c; sun
dried 3@4c- Peaches 4®5%c; Pears. 4®4%c
for quarters and 566%c for halves; Nectarines.
! 4S5c for white; Plums, 4®6c for ultted and
l@l%c for unpltted; Figs. 3%@4o for black
and 4®5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%@2%e for the four
sizes with %©lc premium for th« large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatel3, 50-lb boxes. 6%c per
lb- 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6e; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, Cc; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers.' 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
°0-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons. 7»4c: choice 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%®13c;
No 2 10%©H%c: No. 1 hardshell. 11%®12c;
No' 2. 10®lC%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
io4fiilc for I X L, 10>S10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8@8Ho for Languedoc; Peanuts, &j?7c
for Eastern; Pecans. ll&13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
25
HONEY — Comb new, nominal; new water
white extracted. 6%®6c; light amber extract
ed 6@5%c; dark, nominal.
BEKSWAX-2702UC per lb.
Provisions.
There was nothing new yesterday, either
here or In the Eastern markets.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium, l&c for light. 15 Ho
for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and lac
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams 15%c; California Hams. 14%@l5c; Mess
Beef $11 50012 per bbl; extra Mess, *l_'tf
12 50- Family. $13 60; prime Mess Pork. *li>;
extra' clear. $2C; Mess. $20; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb.
LAKD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound nnd 9%@10Uc for pure; half bar
rels pure, 10@10%c; 10-lb tins. 10%@llc; 6-Ib
tins. 10tt3U%c; 3-lb tins. 10%®ll*ic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%e; three
half barrels, 9%ic; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
0%c; five tierces, O&c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. S%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c- Salted KiD, 0c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf 10%c: dry Hides, l«%c; dry Kip. 14c;
dry Calf 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25 w *30c
each- short wool. 40©65c each; medium, 70®
00c- lone wool. $lftl 60 each: Horse Hides.
«alt* $2 75 for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colts.- Buck Skins— Dr>
Mexican 32%c; dry Halted Mexican. 26c: dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
85c- small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5<?3%c per 1b;
No 2 4%@4»ic; grease. 2%©3%c
WOOL— Fall cllo— San Joaquin Lambs*. 0@
lie Quotations for spring clip are as follows :
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18£20c; Foothill,
defective 114113c: Nevada. 12S15c; San Jo_
oulo, defective. £>®llc per 1b; Southern. 90
lie- Valley Oregon, fine, 17@13c; do. medium.
lUO'Uc; do. coarse. 15@16c; Lambs'. 15c per
P °HOPS— 15®18c per lb..
Meat Market.
Ou i e t and featureless markets continue re
norted by the local packers and butchers.
DRESSED \MEATS.
Wholesale rates from klaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — (5%(<*7%c for Steers and 5%®6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©Sc; email. 9®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8g0c; Ewea.^ 88&%c
MB— Spring. 10@10%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%CfO%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steere, 8®«c; Cows and Heifers.
7©8c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — !©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%63%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring, J2 75<g3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 6U9«%c;
under 140 lbs. 5%®6c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 4."5-£5c; San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32335c: Fleece Twine. 7%0
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6)4c. 4%c and 7)4 o for
the three grades.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $3 60: Rorlyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5*50; Greta. $7; WalUend.
$7 50: Richmond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 CO: Cannel. $3 60
per ton; Coke, $11 50&13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 46 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.' .
OIL — Linseed. 4Sc for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol, 44c for
boiled and 42a for raw In barrels: Lard Oil. ex
tra winter strained, barrels, 00c; cases, 03c;
China Nut, 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases, 8Oo; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 60©35c per gal
lon; Fish OH. in barrels. 45c; cases, 60c; Cocoa
nut OH. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65c for
Australian. »
- COAL OIL — Water WhlU Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%e; Astral. 204c;
Star. 20<_c: Extra Star. 2tiic: Elaine. 2£Uo:
excellent cash prospects and reported i small
country offerings. Under theR»Hnnuences Sep
tember eold up to 7C%c but loBt some of the
advance on renewed selling on the up turn.
The close was firm at 77!ic, a gain of }4c.
There was considerable selling in corn early
on the better croi prospects and lower cables
and the feeling at the start was weak. Local
bulls gave support at the decline, however, and
a fair demand from scalpers followed, causing
a recovery the market holding steady untt]
tho close. September was up n. shade at 60 fa
There was a fair trade in oats. September
closed steady at . advance at 33%4f33Wo.
after' ranging between 33>£@33m>c.
Commission houses supported lard and
brokers took on ribs and pork. The result
was a strong market except for an easy start
In lard September pork was up at the close
Co it IH M with lardl0®12Uo higher at
$15 Ind 1 rtbi 10c higher at $8 67^
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Ju Wd N . 0 :..*T je 76% -:«* 76*
September, new. 70k 7<V* 76Vi a%
Ju?y )rn :: T ?:. 2 .7*....49tt 40% 49U 40<*
September M «% 50g
December 40% 40^ 40 40%
Ju?y U8NO -. a T....38U 88U 87* 38
September 33* 33^. |3% 33%
December *»>¦», •" «"'/*
Mess Pork ~rl.~r.l~ £
S^ember 14 60 14 67% 14 25. 14 25
Lard Der 100 pounds —
Jul7 P .:„. 7 82% 7 02% 7 80 7 02%
September T 05 8 20 7 47% 8 15
(£tobTr ....... 7 76 7 80 7 87^ 7 77%
8hort Ribs, per 100 Pounder: . „
j u iy 8 45 8 57% 8 45 8 0<%
6e D tember . S D2% 8 00 8 40 8 67%
October *...:::: 795 812% 795 812%
Cash ouotations were as follows: Flour,
«t£dy and unchanged. No. 2 red 75% ©76% c;
No. 2 corn, 60c; No. 2 yellow. 60%c; No 2
oats, 36@36%c; No. 2 white. 41c; No. 3 white.
36«340c- No; 2 rye, 50c; good feeding barley,
41c- fair to choice maltins, 4(3@30c; No. 1
flax seed, 93c; No. 1 Northwestern, 07c; prime
Timothy seed, $3 45; mess pork, per barrel.
$14 30014 35; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 85®
7 92%; short ribs sides (loose) »8 37(&8 45;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7»i®7%*: short
clear sides (boxed), 8%©S%c; clover, contract
lOgll'aC.
A-Hpipg Receipts. Shipments.
Flour ba^-lB 23,000 11.080 |
Wheat. bUBhels 24.000 83.000
Corn bushels 146,300 834,000
Oats.' bushels V • 83 J' 4 K 804 ' 700
Rye. bushels '£]!&
Barley, bushels 22.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easier. Creameries. 17®20c; dai
ries, 10® 18c. Eggs steady at mark, cases in
cluded 12V4@14 J 4c. Cheese, steady to firm.
10@ll%c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec
Opening «' « j# « ™
Closing a7 6 3 i* 6 3^*
PARIS.
Wheat— J ulv - Nov. -Feb.
Opening 24 90 22 80
Closing 24 00 22 30
OjS'nl^T 3;? l' r > 30 15
Closing 33 06 30 15
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; Western, steady; good to prime steers,
$5 10iff5 60; poor to medium, $4@5; stockers
and feeders. $2 5004 60; cows. $1 50*34 40;
heifers. $2 25@4 75; canners. $1 50©2 80; bulls,
$2 25@4 35: calves, ?2 6O@6; Texas fed steers,
$3 25@4 S5.
HOOS — Receipts to-day, 10,000; to-morrow,
10,000; left over, 3000; mixed and butchers,
steady, $5 IMS S5; good to choice heavy. $5 40 :
65 CO: rough heavy. $5®6 35; light, $5 30®
5 70; bulk of sales. ?5 80«3 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. COOO; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers. $3 75@
4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 001M 75; West
ern sheep, $2 50<g4 25; native lambs, $3@6 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. July 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 800; steady. Natives, $3 75<f?5 30;
cows and heifers. $1 75@4 50; stockers and
feeders. $3<R4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 450O head; weak to steady.
Light. $5 35Q5 50; medium and heavy. $5 25
©5 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. S50; steady to strong.
Top Idaho lambs,. ?5 75; Idaho sheep. $3 75.
Wool Sales in Montana.
GREAT FALLS, Mont.. July 17.— The State
record was again broken in the local wool
market to-day, 'when a clip was sold for 17Sc
a pound. The .last record was made earlier
In the week, when a Montana clip brought
17%o In this market. Over 312,000 pounds of
fleece were sold to-day. This has been the
greatest season for wool in the history of
Montana.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 17. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 12.435 bales.
Trading was animated. Fine grades were
firm. Coarse and medium crossbreds were In
demand at an advance of 10 per cent. Tas
mania was in keen request, several parcels
being taken by American buyers.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK July 17. — Cotton opened steady
6 points lower to an advance of 3 points,
closed steady. 2% points lower.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 17.— Clearings, $S46,586;
balances. $216,S>C0. ¦
TACOMA. July .17. — Clearings, $300,400;
balances. $63.&34 >
PORTLAND, July 17. — Clearings $558,236;
balances. $82,632.
SPOKANE, July 17.— Clearings, $360,462;
balances. $47,420.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 17. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la 76@78c; Bluestem. 80c; Valley, 78@79c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 17.— Wheat— Steady. Blue
stem. 82c; Club. 78c.
Foreign Markets.
' LONDON, July 17. — Consols, 92 5-16<ft92 7-16;
silver, 24%d; French rentes, Olf 67%c@
91f 67%c; cargoes en passage, very Inactive;
English country markets, quiet; Indian ship
ments wheat to United Kinkdom. 172.000; In
dian shipments wheat to Continent. 4000.
LIVERPOOL. July 17.— WHEAT — Quiet;
No 1 standard Cal., Gs 6%d@0s 7d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 6.44d.
Wall-street stocks recover tone and advance.
Local securities sh&so very little animation.
Silver higher ami Sterling Exchange lower.
Wheat and Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Fears that the Government zcill cancel Oat order.
Corn scarce and linn. Sales of nnv Rye reported.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous quotations.
Hay, Bran and Middlings as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs inactive at previous prices.
Provisions unchanged, here and in the East.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply.
Sugar marked up ioc
Potatoes in good supply and easy.
Poultry in lighter receipt and cleaning up better.
Fresh Fruits in good local and shipping demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Poultry, is slightly cheaper. Meats and Fish
ehow no changes worthy of note.
Prices for Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain
about aa before, the market being amply aup
plled with all three.
There Is nothing new In Fruits and Vegeta
bles, except that • Cantaloupes and Huckle
berries are added to the list.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — 010 00 New
Seattle $ — & 8 60 Wellington I — 010 00
Roslyn i—& 9 00 Coca Bay %—& 7 50
Richmond ...$—© 9 60 Oreta $— Q 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— .
Butter, choice. sq45@55; Common Eggs.20@22%
Do good 35040 Ranch Eggs . . .25030
Cheese, Cal 1 r>*?j 20 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 2O@25 pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss . ..2£>4j-3S Do extracted. .. biJIO
MEATS, PER POUND —
Bacon .K. . .15@22IPork Sausage.. 12%@15
Hama 16<318 Smoked Beef — @20
Lard 16® — j
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
eoclatlon gives the following retail prices for
meats: .
Roast Beef . i 10S1S HIndqrtr Lnmb..lS®20
Tenderloin Steak.l5fJ>16 Foreqrtr Mutton.. 8@lOj
Porterhse, do.l7%@'22% Leg Mutton 12%@lii
Sirloin Stealc.l2Viiff 15 Mutton Chops. .12%«nS
Round Steak... 10@12% Mutton Stew 8010
Beef Stew — -@10 Roast Veal 12@2O
Corned Beef 8 #10 Veal Cutlets ...15@20
Soup Bones .... 4@— Veal Stew ....12%@15
Soup Meat .; 6S10 Roast Pork 12%£>1S
Lamb Chops — @ 20 Pork Chops 15&1.3
ForeqrtrLamb 12VVS1.".
POULTRT AND GAME—
Hens, each 6O®80 ( Geese, each $125
•Young Roosters, Goslings $1 60
each 60®85 ! Pigeons, pair . ..4O@50,
Old Rosters, 'ea.60®C5 1 Squabs, per- palr.S5@50
Fryers, each 401850, Rabbits, each ..— ®2O
Broilers, each:. .25^.15 j Hare, each — @20
Turkeys, per lb..23<S24; Wild Doves, dz..$l 50
Ducks, each ....50075;
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Apricots, per lb. 4® 8 Huckleberries, 1b — @20
Alllgtr Pears, ea2OJj 30 Limes, doz — @15
Almonds 15#2OLemons, doa 1&325
Apples 40 8 Loganberries, per
Blackberries, dr. — @25| drawer 25@30
Cantaloupes . ...2O@35| Nutmeg Mlna.ea.HVSlS
Cherries, lb...l2%@15;Oranges. doz 20*350
Cranberries, qt.. .—023; Plums, lb 4@ 6
Currants, pr drw40@50, Peaches, per lb.. 5@ 8
Pecans — ©20 Pears, per lb . . .— @ 5
Brazil Nuta 20® — (Pineapples, ea...35®65
Bananas, doz .. — @30. Raisins, per lb. . 5@15
Chestnuts 15@2Oj Raspberries, drw25<g50
Cocoa-nuts, each. — @10' Strawberries, per -
Dried Figs, pr lb— <@10| drawer 33@30
Fresh Figs, pr lb 5® 8,Tangerines, doz..l5@2O
Grapes, per lb...25@30 Walnuts, per lb.l5@20
Grape Fruit, dz. .50@$l Watermelons, ea.2O@4O
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz. .3O@40 Lima Beans, lb. 10® 15
Asparagus, lb .6@12% Mushrooms, lb .. — @75
BeeU, dozen 10® — Onions, per lb... 1@ 3 '
Beans, white, lb. 5@ — Okra, dried, Ib..-r-@25
Colored, per lb 5© — Okra, green — ®20 ,
Dried Lima, lb.. C@ 6 Potatoes, new.lb — ©2%
Cabbage, each .. 5<Q 10 Parsnips, per dz.lo@20
Celery, head 5010 Rhubarb, lb 5@ 6
Cress, dz bunch. 15® — Radlshes.dz bchsl5@2O j
Cucumbers, dz.. — @25 Sage, dz — ;
Garlic — ip 0\ String Beans, lb. 6® 8 [
Green Corn, doz. 25&40 Summer Squash, :
lireen Peppers.lb. 5@lo| per lb 30 5
Dried Peppers . . 10@25j Sprouts, per lb. . — @ —
Egg Plant 8@10 Spinach, per lb..— @ 5
Green Peas, lb. .. 6® 8 Thyme.dz bnchs.251030
Lettuce, per doz.l5@2o|Turnlps. per dz.. — @15
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5@l'OTomatoes, lb ...'6*3 8
FISH— ...
Barracouta — ©15 Sea Bass — 015
Carp 10®12% Smelts — 015
Catflsh — @12% Soles 12V.015
Codfish — (812% Skates, fcach ...10-R15
Flounders 10® — Squid — ®10
Halibut 16(3— Tomeod 12%@—
Herring — @— Turbot 20@ —
Mackerel — (315 Trout. Salmon ..—035
Do horse 15@ — Trout — ©40
Rockflsh — 015 Brook Trout '. . . — «75
Salmon. fresh.l2%(Zm Whtteflsh 10®—
Do smoked — tf£23 Clams gallon ..60S
Sardines 10© — Do hardshell.lb 8S10
Shrimps — (g 1 — Crawfish — © —
Shad 10ft — Crabs, each . .12%4R5
Striped Bass ...— <215 Mussels, quart. — @12%
Perch 10® — Oysters Cal 10O.40S5O
Pomplno 5O@— Do Eastern,dz.30@40
Rockcod — ©15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,' JULY 18, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
FAMILYRETAIL MARKET
AUCTION SALES
_fea fe -?*&
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
WU1 Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at )0:SO a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
240 Third st. S. F.
This sale includes all the mares, colts. geM-
Ings and (lilies on the farm. Among them ars>
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than S5 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (slr»
of Lou Dlllcn. 2:03% champion); Direct. 2:05%:
Palo Alto. 2:08%; Inferna, 2:24%; Altamont.
2:24; Beau B, 2:16%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon, 2:24%, etc., out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals aa well aa the choicest
bred ever led Into a sales ring. All ar» thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentlt. Tasy
represent the result of many years* study on
th« part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmarea
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will g»t
what they want at this sale. It will be th«
last opportunity to get such well-bred horses
at auction. No reserve or limit; every animal
must be sold. Catalogues Issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. G. LAYNO. Livestock Auctlonerf.THE SAN TBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18. 1903.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Tranelsoo
Call, corner Market end Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery rtrtat.
nrwr Stars vpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. to.
CSS SIcAUlster street; open until 9:80 p. m.
CIS Lark'.a street: open until 9:30 p. tn.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
_c: Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; opeo
ertu 9 p. m.
JC6 Ele-eath street; open uatt! 9 p. o.
3 <X>C Vt!enc!a street; cpen until t ;. -
Northwett corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
ri'OO Flllmore etreet: open until 9 p. m.
CIItTRCIl SERVICES.
FIItST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st. — Preaching
to-morrow at 11 a. m. anC 7 p. tn., by the
pastor. H. H Bell D.D. Morning theme,
•The Goodness of God." Evening theme,
"Thinking of Christ." Sabbath school at
9:45 a. m. C. E. Societies at 5:30 and 6:30
p. m. S:rang°crs cordially invited to all
services. Piws free. Courteous ushers.
Come and bring your friends.
31EET1XU NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R, A. m
M.. will meet THIS iSATURDAY) W
EVENING. July 18, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
IL A. degree. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 120. F. and A. «
M. — Special meeting THIS (SATUR-^fV
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Second degree. Fellowcraft Masons
ccrilaUy invited. Py order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. «
MASONIC Temple. meets THIS W
EVEJCXXOL 7 o'clock. 3 D.
GEORGE PEXLINGTON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C3. F. and A. M. »
— 1 —led meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVEXnCO at 7 :3O o'clock. First de- /V\
JOHN SLATER, reading- to-day. 338 O'Far-
rell st.; seance Sunday night at hall. 117
Larkln tt. ..
MEDIUM card' reader; readings 25c " ¦ l " ln "
dally;la.les only. 252 Natoma, bet.ad and 4th.
KATIE HEU3SMAN, circle Friday evening.
2Sc; sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 906 MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWINO BARGAINS:
6 rooms, modem flat, new furn 9 500
2O rooms, sunny, N. Market, cor., only... 1,700
15 rooms, sunny* cor., modern, newly
furnished, well rented 1.600
115 rooms, modern apartment-house 6,500
156 rooms, new. sunny corner apart-
ment-house, reduced 1-.000
50 rooms, n«ar Powell and Market 4,000
8 rooms, choice location, forced sale... 225
S rooms, r.lcely furn., owner sick 250
CO-room corner house, only 3,500
fcl rooms, only $300 cash. bal. paym'ts. 1.M0
11 rooms, only $150 cash 350
12 rooms, on Geary St., near Powell 850
26 rooms, on Market St., clears $200 1.650
24 rooms, on Grant ave.. only 2,400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200 600
4S rooms, clears I3O0 per month 5.000
36 rooms, on Howard st., clears ?200.... 1.700
XA rooms, elegant coiner, clears *>30.... 5,800
Hotel and bar, 86 rooms, clears $.'00 10,000
24-room house, on Howard st 350
100 houses from 5 to 600 rooms; all prices.
H. C DECKER, 906 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS: house for men; rent $140 $4000
OS rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
II nomi; good income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; cood lease; low rent C500
C7 rms.;apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouscs. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1900 — 20 all sunny rooms; elegantly furnished:
best location in city: rooms all full; good
Ere<?. R. _. ALLAN, Secretary.
P.EKEL Cork Benevolent Association fcL^^t*
will ho'.d its ITth annual picnic in VV If
s:h»Il Mound Park. Berkeley, on S_\'fi
£IXDAY. August 2. 1903. Numcr- e£\ij&
ojs gate and came prizes A Domes- »\aS
tic sewing n—chine will be given for a first
cate prize; now on exhibition at 1021 Mar-
krt st. A firrt-class union band v.ill be in
attendance. Don't forget the date, as this
is the picnic of the season — Sunday Au-
~? £^~—~r P - DEASY. Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary.
THE 25th annual tarret rhnnt «-,i . -*?%._
picnic of the Austrian Military and a55_l
Benevolent Association will be held SwJ'!?
at Glen Park. SUNDAY. July l'J. A *Tb*7O
f.ature of the picnic will be a bar-
becue in Austrian style, of which all are
Invited to partake. Numerous gate prizes
will be distributed. A special car for park
for members and frleads will leave Twelfth
and Market sts. at 10:p0 a. m. The famous
Austrian Bard has bet4i engaged for the oc-
casion. All ilarket-et. cars transfer to park.
Enjoyment for old and young.
COMMITTEE. *|
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Epreck-
els Sugar Company will be held at the offlce
of the company, 327 Market st., Kan Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY the 27th day of July.
1903, at the hcur of 11 a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year and for the transaction
of cuch other business as may ccme before
the meeting. The transfer bocks will close
on Friday. JuJy 24. 13C3, at 3 p m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of
Ju!y, 1903. at the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and fcr the
transaction of such other business as roay
ccrse before the raeetinc The transfer
bcok£ will close on Friday. July 24 15*03, at I
3 p. — ¦¦ W. H. HANNAM. Secretary. '¦
ANNUAL Meeting — The Risdon Iron and Lo- !
oomotivc Works — The anual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdcn Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
fcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may be brought be- !
prices. EDWARDS, 331 Kearny st.. room 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, . apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
11-ROOM house: steady roomers; other busi-
ness: must sell. 850 Market st.. room 5.
$250 — 15-UOOM lodging-house; greatest snap
ever heard of. 1032 Market st.. room 4.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT~ONCE ANlT SAVE~ %Z.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week tor
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
maktt you co charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affection*, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. rn. to
8 p.' m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third sU. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present haapenlnsi and portrays
events to cccur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this treat medium and you will b«
told how to overcome tlwrn; valuable advice
in all affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction
guaranteed: readings by mall. Tel Black ISC).
A — CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation, changes, law, reuniting separated,
etc.; ev_]rt__S revealed; secret power to
change Influence or control any one or anything
as you' wish In 3 to 21 days; reduced rres for
this week. 1007H Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104. Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m.'to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satlsfac-
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALB.
GERMAN woman, first-class ccok. would like
a situation In a German private house;
Bleep at home. Box 1856, Call offlce.
WOMAN would Uke a situation as a working
housekeeper or to care for Invalid lady. 126V4
Colllngwood st.
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation, up-
stairs work and assist with washing and
cooking: Jewish family preferred. Box 1836,
Call offlce. Oakland.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG married man with highest references
desires petition; thorough knowledge book-
keeping, typewriting, English, German,
French correspondence. , Add. box 1845, Call.
DRIVER wants situation; very good refer-
ences; sober, industrious and bright: knows
city well; ace 30; married; wages $2. Box
1859. Call office. ,
PAINTING, paporhanglng, tinting and plas-
tering at the lowest prices and best work.
WM. HA PP. 134 Fulton st.; tel. Page 1421.
A GOOD carpenter wants work. Jobbing or
bench; union man; city. Box 1862, Call.
FIRST-CLASS butcher and packing-house man,
*> 25 years' experience, at present employed,
f; desires chance; anywhere on coas£; Al ref-
erences. Box 1106. Call. ,'-
RELIABLE middle-need German wishes posi-
tion private place, take care of horses; good
driver; plain gardener; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 1843, Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN, 24 years of age, with 3 years'
experience, desires position in wholesale gro-
cery house as salesman; best of references
from last employer. Box 1844, Call.
SOBER, steady, reliable young man wishes
position as baker's helper In country; can
drive wagon also; state wages given. Box
1S52. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER and clerk wants position; ex-
pert accountant; excellent references; late
ivlth U. S. Government in Manila, P. I. Ad-
drees box 1820, Call offlce. '
BOY of 16 from country wants to work for
board and attend Lick Polytechnic School.
Address MRS. M. W. ELMORE, Sebastopol,
Cal.
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes pcsltion as
foreman or Journeyman: expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. F.. Denver House.
Third «t. ¦
A GENERAL blacksmith and shoer wiehes a
(situation; state wages. Address F. A. MUS-
SET, Elmhurst, Alameda County.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as bookkeeper
or correspondent; Spanish, German and
French. Box 1S46. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position at light
work; can care for horses, milk a cow or do
other work about a place. Box 1847. Call.
ENGINEER, stationary or logging engine; oil
burner; do all practical repairs; out of town
preferred. Box 1S53. Call offlce. "
EXPERIENCED young German wishes posi-
tion as bartender in city or country; good
recommendation. Box 1855, Call. 1
TRAINED male nurse desires position, city
or country, care of Invalid; terms moderate;
references. Box 1811. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States ' Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Poet.
BANK DEPOSITORS rending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable informa-
tlon. Box 2555. Call office.
~~ FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you time and trout»!».
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-25U Geary st.. on
the nquare. •
PARK flats: r.rw; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C et.. one block to McAllister
HELP WANTED— FEMALB— Con.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALL8; STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LBARNINO.
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO..
. tm FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OP_KATORS AND RIVETEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR if.
32 V, FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: APPLT AT
ONCE.
AMES _ HARRIS.
¦ ' 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
GIRLB TO _EARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
I for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
j up. French School, 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
' PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO., 122 Battery st.. Ban Francisco.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. _j
WANTED—- Experienced bindery girls. Apply
! SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
WANTED — Neat, reliable girl; good cook. Ap-
ply mornings, 36CS. Twentieth St.
GOOD finishers and apprentices on pants at
S20 Elizabeth st.. between 23d and 24th.
WOMAN wanted to cut ladies' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st.
WANTED — Salesladies for waist department.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
GIKLS for factory work; good wage*: no ex-
perience. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
HELP AV ANTED-— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO., Employment Agts.
I 429 Bush St. 642 Clay st.
I Hello Grant 185.
' SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE
FOR
Laborers. Alaska. *IO and found.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL, L. A. CO.
i Machlnemen. drillers, $2 >5-$3.
I (Bonus 25c day remain until work Is'done.)
; S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK. CAL. & NEV.
Tlmberm&n, bteel, track, section hands,
?1 70-$3.
CASPAR TUNNEL. MENDOCINO CO.
Tunnelmen. laborers, teameters, $2-$3.
FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE
Hostler, first-class hotel stables, country, $25
i found, free fare; millwright, country saw-
1 mill. ?50 found; buttermaker and wife, $50;
j blacksmiths, $40-$50: leverman for dredger.
I $»>O found; 10 milkers, $30-J35; farmers, j.~0;
j laborers, $2-$2 25, country: 6 second rooks,
; $60-$50; crew of cooks, restaurant, north,
1 $20-$15 week: dishwashers, $8; bowling alley
man. Lake Tahoe, free fare, $25; yardman,
$25, summer hotel, free fare; pet washers.
sprlnjrs, $30; 2 storeroom men, $50-$35: and
lot of other kitchen help; waiters, bellboys,
$15-?35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agts.,
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
! I>r»V fnr nrfl,.A n,/i,l,. fir,*. >«..—>_ »„_ .*-_-
HELP WANTED WALE—Coa. ...
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 584S. PHONE MAIN 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agenta.
THIS IS WHAT v <•
MADE US FAMOUS,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
„„ YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County. Central America.
Arizona. . Wllllts. Ukiah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN, UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, 'single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 50. $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
V V5 MURRAY _ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BT
PHONE: TELEGRAPH and MAIL.
Steward, country hotel $40 to $50 fd.
Sheepherder. $30 found.
Night cook, city $9.
Nurse. State Institution. $25 found; second
coox. State Institution. $30 found; young
man about city paint store, $9.
LOOK !
Ratchet setter. Alles block. 25 M mill. $85.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job. . $S day.
Tallyman, lumber company boss here. $4. fd.
TRACTION ENGINEER. $3 DAY.
3 men. 4 hours' work dally. $2 day.
3 boys. learn manufacturing trade $15-$20
and found.
Cook, sawmill, few men. $35 and found.
2 hall boys, city hotel. $17 60 and found.
Night watchman, city, $32 50 fd.
Solderer for cans, country, 20c to 22Vic hour.
Blacksmith, camp, near city, $3 day.
Horseshoer. camp fare $30c $3 day
ENGINEER. STEAM ROLLER. $3 day fd.
Cook. camp. city, few men, $40 fd.
5 Austrian laborers free fare.
Stableman. Alameda Co., fare $1 30. $30- fd.
Blacksmith. Napa'Co.. $3 day.
First baker, second baker. 30c fare. $50 and
$40 found.
Waiter, also potwasher city institution, city.
$20 found.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
12 men among fruit, etc.. fare $1, $26 & fd.
LOOK !
Carriage setter, lumber company, boss here,
$3 76 day.
5 laborers, gold mine, fare $3 50. $75 fd.
Cook. Nevada, fare paid. $50 found.
Shingle sawyer fare paid, north. $10 fd.
' Butcher, slaughter house, fare $2.
Boy. printing offlce. $6; baker's helper. $30.
Teamster, sawmill company fare paid north
$60.
Sailor, dredger, fare $1, $40 found.
Cook, few men. dredger, fare $1, $30 fd.
Cook. 4 men, ranch, fare 50c, $20 fd.
Choreman. city, private family, $35 fd.
2 beam hands, tannery. $2 to $2 25 a day.
2 young men city Institution. $20. $15 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO PARADISE — BOSS HERE.
S5 teamsters, laborers, $75.
55 drillers and hammersmen. $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 coal miners. $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PAICIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara, San Luis Oblspo, Milton.
Farmington, Gllroy, Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, j-ou'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
96 miner?, single and double hand, some S
hours, $sr>, $90.
16 tlmbermen, different Jobs, $00.
lt>5 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
3C4 laborers, no experience required. $60.
TO OUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, 475. $S5.
. 364 laborers, no experience required, $C0,
$C7 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work. Including
factories, excavatlnnr. buildings, mills, etc.,
$2 50 and $2 day, located in San Francisco
and all' parts of California.
HELP ¦WANTED MALE Co_.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento St.. cor. LeldesdorfX.
Phone Main 1191.
Wlllits-Uklah Route— Free Fare.
Oregon — Free Fare — Oregon.
20 coal miners; 2 mines; good wages.
20 Italian section hands. S. P. R. R-: free
fare; board yourself.
Butte County cheap fare; Diamond Match
Company's works; 300 laborers, teamsters
woodchoppers and rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50
a day; fee fl. _
We ship— free fare, fee $1— all over th« S.
P. Railroad Company's own work.
Young man. city offlee work, $35.
2 bcrew turners $82 50 and found: 2 doj-
gers. $C5 50 and found, south, big mill; 1 6
young men. sash and door factory. $1 5° * o
$2 25 day; edgerman. boss here.
65 miners all over State, some 8 hours. $«5
to $90; 250 muckers, carmen and laborers,
$60 to $73; 10 drillers quarry. $45 and found.
6 gold miners, placers. $!)0; 5 laborers, city,
$2 day; .machine miner, south. $90.
Circular saw flier. $4 a day; coremaker.
city. $3 a day; 3 Iron molders. 9 hours. $3 50
a day: blacksmith helper, ranch, boss here,
$35 and found.
3 farm hands $30 and found; choreman.
vineyard. $25 and found; 2 milkers. $35 and
found: farmer and wife. $70 and found; sec-
ond cook, hotel. $45 and found, fare paid.
WANTED— Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply' at offlce. Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery St.. San Francisco Construc-
tlon Co. ___________
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. & Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
gcod character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, o.n land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222H N. Main
.st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ¦
PENSION atty. E. A. Bu'JIs. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H|Thoma» Post.O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. Me night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL «!zes men's shoes, slightly damaged half-
prlce. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 23c
to 5Cc. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND AVAGONS.
60 HEAD if fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. MeCOY.
Gonzales. Monterey Co.. CaL
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SUI'.REYS. buggies and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate _ve.
RARE chance: .7 good horses: must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale chean. W2 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CQ..14Montgomery
BAKER. 2118. cor. Jacksoc — A nicely furnished
- corner house; 11 rms.,bath,basement: stable:
choice location for a doctor: $75 per month.
HOUSE of 9 rooms, bath; large yard. 2013
Bush st. _______
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl st.. near
Cole. Rent. $37 5O,
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET FIRNISIIED.
BROADWAY furnished hous« of 9 rooms, be-
sides servants' quarters; convenient and mag-
nificent view; owner desires reserved one
bedroom; no children. Box 1SC5. Call office.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms:
aiONE Y TO LOAN.
AAA _ HERMAN MURPHY. -
AAA .ix.1 eoi- 602-603 Kxamlner building.
Oulck settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
' Estates second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust.
ltc. : legacies, life estates and undivided la-
t»r»_t« tn Drcperty purchased.
Co£teou. t P r« P t-/ntT „ Strictly confldrattaL
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MUKPHT. __
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
llber-l advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ &4«
Market st ."el. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Thlrd.
xtdvfY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
se£urtty- easy payments; largest business la
cltie-. Tolman~553 Parrot bldg.
a 1 n»r cent on furniture cr piano; no removal:
ITo wmm"lon: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
Sulet confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
M^ OT _&^ I^^»?ag- t ™
at rat rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
A Io CU comml S s?on r E. W LICK. 1000 Mutu.J
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main S16.
£lTbls-C^TXG_NCY£^.n. *£*««
The TOUSLEY CO 14.1 PheUn bldg.
un . TT to i oan on low Interest; gold, silver.
M dlamJnd t s°. peaVlS and Pr«^ou» -tone, bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'3. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage:
any security. 302 Montgomery at., nn. 18.
3% ON furniture A piano*: $15 up; no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 91. e Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans, on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 038 K.earny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
l^orser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner PI—
MONEY TVANTKD.
MONEY wanted to Increase capacity of estab-
lished business; big returns; security for
loan or will sell half Interest to desirable
party. Box 1S61. Call offlce.
FIVE hundred dollar lqan; return payments
$40 weekly; will pay reasonable premium;
perfectly secure. Box 1S64. Call offlce.
MUSIC^I^Nj^RUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
3 Chickering $88. $97, $183
2 Emerson $95. »H J
2 Heine »235. t3M
2 Stelnway. small _ large upright.. $185, »383
New pianos from 1137 up
25 Squares from I" up
Piano Players, $90 up; rent reduced to »-
up. apply on purchase: Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary s_; tel.
Main 5714. _______________
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163: great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By thM
means you «eeure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large, stock, desirable rood* and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose. Sterling. Jacobson. Sch~ schten.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall — Wendell.
Halnes. Everett and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18-20 CFarrell st.
No branches In San Franc— co.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instrument* sold.
KOHLER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and eldest piano house.
THREE master violins and flne-tone4 guitar
cheap. 156 Golden Gate ave.. room IT.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-pedal upright piano
at great loss: leaving city. 020 O*FarreU st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllister St.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planes. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
itre tue tneciiag. ii;i De neia at me oiace
of the company. No. 20S Steuart street, San |
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust. 19C3. at 11 o'clock a. m. !
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary. !
rHE California Debris Commission, having ¦
received application to mlr.e by hydraulic I
process from F. W. McLean in Hampton ;
placer mine, on McRea Ridge. Plamas j
Co.. Cal.. draining Into Ne'.son Creek. |
which reaches middle font of Feather RIv- j
-r. gives notice that a tneetir.!; will be held t
«t room 96 Flood bli'.g.. 6g: Francisco. Cal..
JuJy 27. 1903. at 1:30 p. tn.
IHE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention cf Cruelty to Ani-
zr.a.1* will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903. at 4 o'clock p. is.. !
whea a board of trustees will be e'.ectej. j
C. B HOLBP.OOK. gyoretary.
ASTROLOGY. j
•.urology t«u»;bt. horoscopes cast. I'rof. Ray-
mottd bcokftore.t-MO Ellis. By real! If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
SOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. Cll: all cases, damages, estate*, wills, t
attachments, collections, etc. : consultation j
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PHOilPT attention to all cases ;divcrce. estates.
co!!ection&; co fees unless successful: call or
write; e*es. Tuts, and Frl.: est. 15 yrs. ED- !
WARD ACKLEY. 627 Market;tel Jessie 1530. I
. I
IDVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori- j
out cares, divorcee, probste and all other law j
cases: no fee* in advance; open every even-
ir... J. M. THURSTON. Sl» Market *t.. r. 31. |
iDVICE free; divorces a epeclalty;qulck.qulet: I
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.. opp. H&le's.
UTKEN ft AITKEN. atttorceys rs. 309-10-11
Olunu- hide. 503 CaJlfcrnia st. ; tel. Main 727.
RICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law C32 Mar-
fcet «t.. room 23; legal advice: bank refs.
IDVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cares; open cvgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
',. ?>. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
k*t tt.: consultation free: no fees >n advance.
DIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
:OUNG talking p_rrots,$5 cach;German singing
csnarieb. $2; we will try to ple&se you; every-
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
HOARDING FOR CHILL_k"nT
IICE home for infants or children by one who
lovea them. ;K!8 Prince Ft.. Berkeley.
BUSINESS ClIANCEsT
VAItNLNG -"-'¦—- - -
Investing Public.
' We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditch Ins and Dredging Machine,
rhlch w;il co the work of hundreds of men
_<3 ccrses.
On cr tbcut July 20th.
Upcn its completion no stock will be offered
or le_ than $1 per .hare. Until then a few
J.arff remain to be sold at 00c. for cash or In-
csKrt.ei.tf . Perrons desiring to ee« this
Marv.el of mechanical ingenuity
can do co by tallln? at the offices of the
JATIONAL DITCHING _ DREDGING CO
- O01-«C2-(X)3 Examiner Building!
•ARTNER In e-stabl!«h»d real estate office-
good opening for rl^ht man; small canltal rel
qjuired. EDWARDS. 331 Kearny. room 12.
SOOD clear Ftanfi and e&rdroom at a bar-
g-ln; owner sick. 8.->0 Market Ft., room 5.
T3R tale— Grocery and bar; 4 living rooms-
cheap rcr.t. Inquire Jackson Brewery.
COO— GROCERY, fruit and produce" store; a
da nfly; $17 dally trade. 1C32 Market, r. 4
*OU SALE— Dally newspaper route in Callfor-
nla town of 25.040; pay. well; cl«an work.
Address M. J. Ty Call office.
iAIRDRESSIKG parlors; cheap: value In slzht-
good location; retiring. 1 153 Mkt.. b»t.7th-Sth.'
'UTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardv/are tuore. 19th and Folsom ets
AKERY and delicacy 6tore for _le- must be
eolfl; owner coin- away. 715 McAllister st.
N —trfc'- rn-jte fcr wale. Apply Call office.
CARPET.nEATIX r. AXDCLEAXIXC.
JR. ' compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets en
floor, without removal cr injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
I'HEN you become disgusted with your work
•end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer C_rpet-beat.
Ing Work*. 355-357 Tehama «t.; t»l. South 40.
ALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.: tel. tllmlon 49!
RY HOPKE BROS., excellent carpet cleaning-
phene Bush 421. 4*11-413 Powell it.
X)VANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tel. :ialn 394, Oeo. WALCOM - CO.. Props!
IUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating work*; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Ft. ; tel. Minion 263.
ONKLJN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
233 Goiden Gate ave.: telephone Fast 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
tUaesu of the feet cured; corns bu_lo_i.eu.
tory as In person; a questions answeretr. *i;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wtlls-Fargo money order cr registered letter.!
X HUE. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
la re*. 50c; pents. $1; by cards, palmistry
Br.d clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk tt.
MRS. A. EL KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will eive you a good reaJ-
'.Tif;'. 10c. for a ifcort time only: when ethers
fail try me to convince yourself. 402 Frank-
lin, near Grove.
A — Msif. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
nair.es Riven: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city. |
26>i Keainy. room 20; lac!Ios 25c. gents 50c. j
A -,-onder: have you seen her? LELA. palmist .
and elr.IrvoyaTtt. 277 14th jt.. near Mission.
MHP. SHAFEH. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th and Cth.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. R5. 016 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
DENTISTS.
DR~L'UDLUM~HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
Xo charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates "made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Pest Bt. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room «14. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crewn. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
platf-s. $5: full set; all work painless and wir-
ranted. Chicago Der.tai Parlors. 24 Sixth Bt.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
•Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up; filllnRS.25c.
GOLD fllllncs 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2<M Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
N«-w Ycrk Dentists. 9fi) Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS &. SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A-: buttonhole factor}'. 110 Taylor.
DYEIKG AND C__A_fING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3315 Sacramento; phone
for wago-. 453. II. HICKMAN. pres.
EDICA T I O :< AL. V
GALLAGHER_AIISH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial couite to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
AYKES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $50; day and evening cessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Pest
et.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Cerlltz School of Languages has removed
to 1C00 Van Nees ave.; rates reduced during
rummer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutcnia Hall, Howard
tt., near Ninth; management .Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elcc, mm., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
o>r Naillen School., 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. "
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. K. P. Hutiness College. 123C Market st.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial Collrge. Van Nei>s and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ;fllls every requirement
SPANISH Academy — Profersor Arribas: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ir.g from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman ehorthand. typing, bookkpg. $.S mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1803; new SO-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rs— es. In wrapp»r. for milling. »l per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG- AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanert -Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
. tlce for farm work and picking fruit. Ad-
drets H. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d st.. Sacramento.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese.
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 67S2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 41S
Stockton; tel. Grant IPS; expert, reliable help.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
cars; 6 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 roo_j:
125 to $41: Kurlleht all arr.und: open.
A MODERN funny Jov.-er flat. 5 rooms, bath; !
near Park entrance. 170S Waller el ; rent
$22 50.
CORNER Scott and Fulton: new 7 r. and b..
$42 f.O and $35; 9 large r. and b . $50; eun
all day. ;
577 NOE St.. near Nineteenth— Lovely, sunny,
upper 5-room modern flat: rjrand view; store-
room; Just completed; $25; water free.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms, bath and yard. 10
Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth; ?22 50.
FLAT. 7 rogms nnJ bath: sunny; convenient;
suitable for doctor. 024 Green st.
$23 — 5 KOOMS; modern, sunny, marine vl«jg_
1336 Union st.
THREE and four room sunny flats; rent $7 '
to $11. - Hayward St.. off Harrison, nr. 8th. j
FLAT to let; 4 rooms; rent $20. 717 O'Far-
rell St.. near Hyde. ¦
GRK EN W I C : 1. 2727— U pper : sunny; 0 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; cpen.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKF.R fz L>:NT, 14 Post st.
___________
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-room house or
fiat in vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
dress box 1S34. Call offlce.
WANTED — Furnished Cat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms; willing to 'pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1S22. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4iC2.
buys, rents, renairs. packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED FEMALE^
WANTED — 3 cooks. $30; cook Institution $10;
parlor maid. $30; 3 second girls, $20 $25- 6
nurseirirls. S15, $20. $30; cook. 2 In family.
Alameda. $25; housework. $."50; housework. 2.
In family. Mt. View. $35; 4 waitresses for
resorts, $25; nurse, for San Rafael, $30;
housekeeper. $20; companion old lady. $20;
cleaning woman, home, $20: clerk, candy
store. ?5 week; chambermaid and waiting,
springs, $25; a large number of housejrlrls,
city and country places.- too many to adver-
tise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 334 Sutter.
A — REFINED nurse for 2 Brown children. $25;
a cook and second girl for same house. $30,
$25; a cook for 2 in family, in Alameda, $25;
an assistant cook for plain hotel In country, 1
$30; two waitresses for city hotel. $20 each;
an infant's nurse, $35; a second book for in-
stitution. $35. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.
TWO young ladles for street fair work In
Santa Cruz; wages $2 per day; see party
here. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
HAIRDRKSSING, manlcurlnK. massage, hair
work; reim val of buperfluous hair taught
from A to V. In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
HAIRDUESSING. manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; U~> - weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1830 Market, cor. Jones, r. 91.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; gocd
v.-aK'-s; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO..
C5U Mission st. ': -
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
good wa_-e*: steady employment. 656 Mls-
glon st.. I. MAGNIN _ CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In"
lams' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO., 656 Mission at.
BOOKBINDERY girls wanted; experienced
hands on blr.nk work; also clrls to learn.
FRANK MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
FinST-CLASS trimmer wanted; city expe-
rience; good salary. MRS. S. R. HALL, 10
Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS makers wanted. MRS 8. R.
HALL. 10 Kearny st.
WANTED— Al cloak saleslady; first-class and
permanent position. Apply or address
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK HOUSE. 1230 Mar-
ket st. . '1
A — Practical Millinery School. esUb. 14 years;
terms easy. 810 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
WANTED — Young woman, - working house-
kcepcr. Call 5:30 p. m.. C21 York, nr. 18th.
GIRL in oicture frame store: $3 . week to
start. California Frame Co.. 927 Howard Bt.
WANTED — Experienced girl for chamberwork
and waiting; no sweeping. . 1145 Bush st.
OPERATORS and finishers on men's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Woman address envelopes. Apply I
p. m.. Melbourne School. Van Ness _ Mkt.
SCANDINAVIAN or Finn woman for general
housework; good plain cook; wages $25. 2016
Franklin Bt.. near Jackgcn. [
WHOLESALE house desires Bervicen of ma-
ture woman. Intelligent and with business
experience; no offlce work. Box 1857, Call.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits: steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN- _ CO.. 237 Post.
WANTED — Few scholars to learn millinery;
competent teacher; easy terms. Box 1835,
Call offlce.
APPRENTICE for hair bualneas at G. LEDER-
ER' S. 123 Stockton st. • .
ment; 520-$2.". C.'r. HANSEN & CO.. 429
Bush et. \
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
59 Third St.. nr. Call bid*. : phone Bush' 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
500 laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
10O section men in all parts of California.
WE SHIP DAILY. .
CARPENTERS & CARPENTER HELPERS.
10 timbernun. $2 50 a day
Id carpenters $2 50 a day
CHATSWORTH PARK? TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY TO-DAY.
FREE FARE.
48 lumber handlers, road graders, mlllyard
men. woodsmen, etc.. $35 to $90 a month and
board; steward for big ocean steamship. $t>0;
1(9 other first-class Jobs. See us.
3 woodchoppers. redwood. $1 25 cord.
Sliver man. hotel, near city. $20 and found.
Man to pack furniture, city. .52 a day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
* 69 Third st.
MAN and wife, $05, man to help carpenters,
ivlfe to cook for 10 men; 10 laborers for
country, ?2 10 day, fare advanced, see boss
here this morning; iron molder, $3 day:
rhot»m»n about country store, $35 and
found; milkers, $30 and V~~ and found; but-
termaker. ?40 and found; man about place.
$23 and found; washer, country laundry. $45
and found; 2 manglers. $25 and found; fruit
ranch foreman. $<K> and found; miners.
$2 ."in day; stableman, country. $35 and
found: others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
PORTER for springs, $20 and found; night
clerk, restaurant cook, S12 week and $70
month: short order cook, $50; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— A man to run Cahlll _ Hall eleva-
tor; mu«t have first-class experience and ref-
erence; wages $25 per month and found. Ad-
diess box 1S1»9. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; f >->t-fnrm shoes at $2 50,7 or orthopedic
shoes. $3 M>; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St., Kxamlner building, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years
of age to learn the dry goods business. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply between 9 and
11 a. ro. at HALE BROS.
MAN to take orders and deliver: wages $60.
Send application and particulars to box
1S57. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY, steady German: tend bar.
vs?ful renerally; business house. 15 City
Hall square.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charsxs. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg-
WANTED — Ofllce boy; give refs.. also experi-
ence. If any, and education. Box 1858. Call.
ERRAND buy with good recommendation^.
ROGEltSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Dishwasher. Call early, New
Golden Gate Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Second st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evening and
Sunday morning; good man. 1006 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 229
Hayes st.
FOR SALE^ — Best one chair barber shop in
city; no rent. Inquire 18 Franklin st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
f cot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express or
mall charges.' 11 Third St., Exam Iner^ bldg.
WANTED — Man to go short distance from the
city; one who has a general knowledge of
dry goods, fancy goods, cloaks and suits;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 1R31). Call. :':-'¦'¦:
A BARGAIN — First-class barber shop, doing a
good business. In business portion of San
Jose, for sale; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando it,
San Jose.
WANTED — Competent, reliable . salesman for
liquor store; good salary and prospects for
/light party; state refs. age, nationality. Ad-
dress "W. J.." box 620. Sacramento.
BOOKBINDERS wanted: first-class Job ruler,
also forwarder on plain blank . work, etc.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento.st..
YOUNG man willing to work outside of school
hours for his -tuition. CAL. BUSINESS
COLLEGE. 305 Larkln st.
MANAGER boys' Juvenile department. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO..
740 Market st. •
WANTED — 2 Al bollermakers; permanent em-
ployment. "Box 1848. Call.
WANTED— Bright boy about 17 for offlce of
wholesale* house. Box 1S50. Call.
BOY wanted to take and deliver orders for
meat market. - Apply 1221 Devlsadero st. -
WANTED — Experienced book binders. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age 10 years.
633 Mission st
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. E. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50. $1 73, $2
and $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands. 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
06 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balers, 20c and 2Sc a ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75. $70
and $60.
£0 choremen. $40. $35. $30 and $35 and found
MKN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, diiTerent <obs $70
$H0, $50 and found. '
4 cooks and wives. . hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $S5. $K0. $5f> ahd found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Pest, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 CO. $."., $2 50. $_ day.
9 wagon and carriage makers. $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country jobs. $4,
$3 CO, $3 day.
9 machinists for wineries and bawmills. tree
fare, ?50 and found.
15 coopers, lie; 5 carriage painter?, .<90: 6
brick molders. $3 60 day; plasterers, $5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and papercrs, fare $1, $2 25
to $3 ."in day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT; ETC. — — — —
57 cooks, all over California. $90. $£0. $75,
$60. $50. ?40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
18 waiters. $35, *40. $30 and found.
36 pet and dish washers. $35. $;;<>, $20 found
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers, $30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $18 week i:p
6 bakers and helpers. $35, $40. $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp, $35 fd!
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUR FARES PAID —
TO 89 SAWMILLS
1 WOODS. YARDS. ETC.
& VCs'I^ YOUR FARE PAID.
Located in 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 without any experience, S33 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 right
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc
Wages $150, $100, $90, ?So. $70. $60. $50. $40
. and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NORTH. BIG L CO.
ANOTHER GOOD JOB
25 laborers. YOU'LL SUIT. $60.
Blacksmith, little shoeing, $90.
Blacksmith helper. $67 50.
Blacksmith helper, woods, $67 50.
Man to handle logs on deck at mill, $67 50;
board, etc,. 43c a day; fare $J; LUMBER
TRUST.
. MURRAY - READY. (34-636 Clay st.
BIG MINES. FARE ADVANCED
MANAGER HERE.
35 laborers, no experience wanted. $62 50 to
$C0. YOUR FARE ADVANCED.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO. ;. v
25 laborers; call earl^; your railroad fare
FREE.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C3B Clay st.
OREGON HOSS FARE PAID
HERE.
12 laborers: SAWMILL. $35 to $S0 and fd.
Trimmer; call early. FARE PAID.
2 rough carpenters, millwrights.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ALASKA FREE FARE ~TO-DAY
12- laborers.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK! "NORTH!
GOING NORTH!
25 laborers; big lumber company: fare paid;
$30 to $80 and found.
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARE B L ~~ FARE
TRUST
Manager here; Bee him to-day.
45 laborers; no experience wanted. $35 to $S0
and found. t
Swamperr, line pullers, bakers, tree fellers,
sawyers. Jack screwers, $40 to $S0 and found;
big lumber company.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
. mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable out'ng for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
. months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue - and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College,. 63»~Clay st/
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 Urge
rooms; 25c per night; SI 50 to $3 per week.
ELDERLY man to assist en light woodwork
' and polishing. Box 1806. Call offlce. :'. *
MEN wanted to • take contract cutting boiler*.
Apply BERCOVICH. 5th and Webster. Oakld.
SAILORS and ordinary ceamen for Europe and
Australia. .HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart «t.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d*hand army shoe*.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th. I
very «unny; fine location: i.wa Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
LIVFRV STABLES.
TOMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-59-61 Minna
St.. bet. 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
scription for fclre at most reasonable rates:
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black beaded chatelaine, containing a
two-opal ring and small change, near Polk
and Sutter sts. Return and receive reward.
710 Market Ft.
LOST— On 1:45 train between Sausallto and
San Anse!mo. lady's stone marten collarette.
Return to 039 Bush st. and get reward.
LOST— A pasfbook with the Hibernia Savlncs
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
narr.fc of JANE BERNARD. No. 127-200. The
Under v.ill nleare return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. MARY SULLIVAN: No. 17o-
VU0. The finder will p'.ease return to bank.
LOST — On Saturday, July 11. a bunch of about
20 koys. Please return to MISS S. CUL-
LEN, room 79. Chronicle bldg; reward $5.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
¦Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold anil silver to make new watch casts
MEDICAL.
MRS. PR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' cxperienc*. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10O>H Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Offlce. 102S Market st.
DR. ROSEN. 2905 Folaom. cor. 26th— Ladles'
exclusive offlce and home where relief Is ob-
tained in all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement ; bent medical care; low fees.
DR. nnd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEliUS:
original methed of treatment. 112S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van, Ness^ — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs. exper*nce.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell «t.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery- McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us diamonds, wat?hes. jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest changed; It will pay ytu to ex-
amine our roods and prices: established 1S50
L1CHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? — —
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls cary to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over, old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for ce~ roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, -water pipe.' bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-13. Beale st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. ?2 50. Orig-
inal Mfiflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st .
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon!
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftlnz. pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear »t. '
SLOT machine. Dewey. first-class condition-
$50. 1E08 Seventh St., Oakland.
A GOOD strong bicycle: also sawing machine
and some furniture. 312 '» Leavenworth st.
FRESH young Durham cow. 18 quarts rich
milk daily: gentle. 1604 San Bruno.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes EU.
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides 100
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E B BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. CK
All bargains; camp stools and chairs hammocks
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies moving
picture machines, films. Baclxalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launch-*
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont T st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters- all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. MO Montg*y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d»hand —.ovine ta7.
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Posf st
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothlnr and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel Jessi" _| 5 i
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. S22 Grant ave.: tel. Red S8J2.
MULLER. mak»r. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; near Ke_my st.
See owner, 636 Clay St.. room 1.
SANSCME. 712. near Jackson — Handsome large
store to let cheap.
WINDOW and part of a well-Hghted store.
Apply 21S Post st.
/ PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED^
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttings and scars scientifically re-
move-1 without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a. painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leadlnsr physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential: in plain, sealed
envelope: call cr write to-day. India Drug
Cure, 201 Turk St.: Bruce D. KImmls. Mgr.
WANTED— 900 men with scalp diseases: loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
K:.;o'to 6. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 219, 007 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth; stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..3S5Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how gocd. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewlng-macblne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, curasi per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate.
Atrophy, varlcocele and all weaknesses In
either sex easily cured without drugs or sur-
gery ;lnfcrmatlon free. Prof. Anderson. 850 Mrkt.
AT Jess than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch.tatlors.727-720 Market.
ALL styles halrdressinjf. 25c: hair goods; manl-
curing 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 6a
Misfit Clcthlng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and "moles removed by
electric needle. Dr._Mrs.Traverse.ll70Market.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN - CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair £ moles removed with etec-
trlc needle-. Mrs. _ Mists Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. Dr. ~ILL-
IIAMS CO.. 140 Gear- St.. S. F.
FAL.51ISTHY.
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 55 Third St.":
ladies. 25c; gents. 50c; hrs.10-9 (ex. Sunday).
PAPKRHAXCIXC. PAINTING. ETC
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmarn Paint Co.. 319 3d St.: tet Main 413
PHYSICIANS AND STKUEONS.
DrT cT cTb" DON N EI_~Offie« and residence".
1C21V, Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human tody; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Learenworth.
. DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. 14 Po
1 Tat. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington »t.
¦ BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1037VJ Market st.
i WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 716-X Clay «t.
» -storage; and warehouses.
'¦ A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
73 V. Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant KJL
; PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
: CON KLIN'S storage— Furniture and mercb-n-
Vt— <31se. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone. East 128.
• GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 340
. Mission St.; tel. Howard 9H. F. W. Zeh'fuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movtn* Com-
iany ' FU'more St.; phene Jackson 281.
1 BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. H Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cuT rates
' A ~ EEKS newi '°r 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
, 16 pages. In wrapper, for matting. $1 p«r>«tf.
SEWING MACHINES AND SPPP-1E*
I *15 M drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand!
*6 to $15; some nearly new: 60 days' exchange
; agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange. 033 Mkt.
st.. bet. 5th and 6th: phone South 433: eleva-
tor; branch. 285 Gear, „; p_oa« Mate TM.Standard Electric ...'....... IS 00
Truckee Electric ....13 00 16 00
Union Sugar : .' 22 50
United Gas and Electric 34 50
Western Fish Co ;'„ . .
OFFICIAL SALES.
. ' Morning Session.
Board—
100 Monarch Oil i 51
100 Home Oil 3 10
25 Kern Oil 550
Id") Kern Oil 5 37V4
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦ »
75 S F & McKlttrlck Oil 2 50
r.00 Chicago Crude Oil oq
1000 Oil City Petroleum 31
500 Oil City Petroleum 32
Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ,-*»
1C0 Con Cal & V.I 45! 5C0 Seg Belcher OS
200 Hale & Nore. 51) 500 8-g Belcher' " 07
300 Occidental ... 30 200 Sierra Nev.". tSO
100 Overman .... 20
. : Afternoon Session.
100 Mexican 1 051 100 Sierra Nev. IW
300 Con Cal & V.I 4rt 200 Silver Hill "so
200 Crown Point.. 21| 100 Andes o«
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Slock Exchange yesterday :
• Morning: Session.
10O Caledonia I 35| 200 Silver Hill... 82
200 Challenge ... 50 700 Sierra Nev... &8
100 Con C & V.I' 42% 200 Union Con .. K5
200 Gould & Cur. 41 500 Union Can Hi
• 300 Occidental ... 30, 50O Utah 35
100 Ophlr 1 00|
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 00| BOO Potosl ..... 2^
000 Con Cal & V.I 40 1100 Savage ... ijj
MM) Con N Y ID 400 Savage .... i«
200 Crown Point.. 21 100 Sierra Nev.. Gs
300 Gould & Cur. 3» 3<H) Sierra Nev. r>5
400 Mexican 1 05 200 Silver Hill.;.' tU
41*) Mexican I OOi 400 Union Con 81
350 Ophlr 1 001 200 Yel Jacket.... 70
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
-Following- were' the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopuh Mining Exchange yesterday:
. ' Morning Session.
6000 Esperanza ... 00! 50 Mont Ton.?. .90
200 MacNamara . 231 00 Mont Ton.... 93
Afterno6n Session.
100 Colehan ..... 15 100 N YTon 10
1000 Colehan IX 100 Paymaster .. 17
2000 Esperanza ... .07 150 Rescue ... in
13,000 Epperanza . 0»! 200 Ton N Star ' 6.5
200 Lucky Tom... 10 1OO Ton N Star Ri
200 Mont Ton 92 1200 Ton N Star Ko
200 Mont Ton.... »0 llOO Ton N star.'. 4»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 17—4 p. m
Bld.Ask. Bid Ask
Alpha.. 05 00 Julia ........ 02 04
Alta .01 02 Justice ...... 14 . ji
Andes 08 10 Ken tuck O .{ 04
Belcher ..... 41 4.J Lady Wash .. — ©3
Best'ft Belch. 2 00 2 20 Mexican . ¦ 08 1 00
Bullion ...... 03 Ol Occidental ... 30 • 31
Caledonia ....1 30 1 35 Ophlr 1 40 1 «
Challenge ... 46 48 Overman .... 25 28
Chollar ...*... 19 20 ( Potosl ....... 22 2<
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Savage 17 18
Con Imperial. 1 04 05 sierra Nev... 54 r 5
Confidence ...1 25 1 30 Seg Belcher.. 07 08
Crown Point.. 20 22 Silver Hill... 80 83
Exchequer .... — 01 Union Con. . . so • 81
Gould & Cur. 38 40 Utah '. :. .-{4 gi
Hale &. Norc. BD 57 Ye I Jacket.... ps
• TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. ' ' 'Bid Ask
Colehan ..... ! . 18 20 Rescue ...... 14 jg
Esperanza . .. .05 00 Ton , Belmnt..2 CK) 2 05
Gipsy Queen."; 20 — Ton & Cal.. 25 —
Gold.Mt Con. 11- 20 Ton Fraction. —125'
Lucky Tom... 12 13 r & Q W .... 05 lo
MacNamara . 23 27 Ton of Nev.. - — 8 00'
Mlzpah Ex'.;. «« • 45 Ton. N SUr. . 40 -RO
Mont Ton.... 89 91 Ton . Midway.." -45
¦N Y Ton ,.;. • 0» 10 Ton & Salt L.' -»-. ,R2.
Paymaster -.: l«*-20|Unlted Ton .. . la 25-
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Academy of Sciences Places Its Sec
retary In Charge of the
Display.
At a Bpecial meeting of the executive
board of the Alaskan Academy of Sciences
held in Nome on June 25 it was decided
to place Mrs. Mary E. Hart, secretary of
the organization, in charge of the acad
emy exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition.
The work of collecting exhibits has be
gun and the display promises to be inter
esting.
. Among, the contributors are Mrs.
Charles D. Lane, Rev. C. E. Ryberg, A.
H. Dunham, P. Esch, D. J. Wynkoop and
Theo Farrell.
A comprehensive literary and historical
exhibit will be under the personal super
vision of the secretary and will assist
greatly in disseminating a knowledge of
the northern land. .
Alfred S. Moore, Judge of the Second
Judicial Division, is president of the acad
emy, which comprises more than 100 mem
bers. Mrs. Hart is a well known news
paper and magazine writer.
ALASKAN EXHIBIT FOR
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Feat.
DATE. ,
1903. 1903.
July 5 6,340 5.?8O
July 6 6.340 5.880
Julv 7.'. 6,340 B.88O
July 8 6,340 5,8«O
July 9 6,340 5.S8O
July 10 6,340 5.660
, July 11. ...:.. 6.340 5.660
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA QHANOB.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1902. j 1903.
July 5 1.320 2.050
ljuly 6.. 1.32O 1.660
July 7.... 1.06O 1.4SO
July 8 ......:. 950 1.48O
July 9 1,060 1.32O
July 10 ¦ 1.180 05O
July 11 1.180 750
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1902. 1903.
July 5 1.930 3.120
July 6 1.834 2.718
July 7 1,834 2.584
July 8 1,930 2.034
July 9 , 1,930 1.834
July 10. I 1.834 1.834
July 11 \ 2.034 1.738
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
• • Second Fe«t.
• . DATE.
; ' 1902. 1903.
July 5 64 66
July 6..: 64 54
July 7. 64 51
July 8.... 57 61'
July 9.V-. ;... 64 49
July 10. 51 46
July 11 45 .45
England buys her eggs and butter from
France and Denmark, her chickens from
Scandinavia and Russia and her green
vegetables from Holland.
¦ Same. owner with same contractors, architect
same — Electric work for- three three-story
frames on- N line ot O'Farrell street, between
Steiner and Flllmore; $S«2.
Schussler Bros.- (owners) with R. Herring
(contractor), architects Havens & Toepke—Car
penter work.-, mill work, art glass and stairs
for fixing store at 119 Geary street,, Starr King
building, on S line of Geary street. . between
Stockton -and Grant avenue; $2005.
•i W. D. Brown-; (owner) ' with Richard EIrod
(contractor), arrhitect .ChnrW J. Rousseau —
All . work for : a one-stcry and basement frame
II. Beltz (owner) with Cox Bros, (contract
or8 ) > architect — All work for a two-story
frame building (store and flat) on NE corner
of 'First avenue and McAllister street. N 25
by E 100; $5125.
John M. Vance (owner) with George Good
man (contractor), architect Nathaniel Ulaisdell
Excavation, ¦ bulkheadlng, concrete work.
sidewalk floor and basement for an eight-story
and basement brick building on E line of Tay
lor street, 72:6 N of O'Farrell, N 05 by E 92:6;
$0456.
Ed Wolf (owner) with Frank J. Kleimm (con
tractor), architect Phllllpp Sehwerdt — Sewer
ing, plumbing and gasfltting for two three
story and two two-story buildings (flats) on S
line of Pine street, 178:9 W of Franklin, W
55 by S 120; $3885.
Same owner with M. Pearl (contractor), ar
chitect tame — Painting' and wood finishing for
same on same; $2500.
Same owner with Century Electric Company
(contractors), architect same — Electric work
for same on same; $421.
Henrietta Franklin (owner) with Hansbrough
& Johnson (contractors), architect same — All
work - except plumbing, gasfitting, painting,
tinting, grading, concrete, electric, shades and
mantels tor four three-story frames with base-'
ment on NE corner of O'Farrell and Steiner
streets. N 95 by E 109:9; $33,800. . >
Same owner with J. Looney (contractor), ar
chitect same — Plumbing and gasfltting for same
on same; $6298. ..
Same owner with M. Cohn (contractor), ar
chitect same — Painting and tinting for same
on same; $3490.
Same owner with National Electric Company
(contractors), architect same — Electric work for
one three-story frame building on NE corner
of Steiner and O'Farrell streets; $320.
Builders' Contracts.
Phebe A. Hearst to B. M. Lombard, lot on
NW corner of Sixteenth avenue and V street,
W 240, N 452:9, E 26:11, NE 147:11, E 204:0,
S 600, quitclaim deed: $10.
Philippe and Elizabeth Glbeau to George G.
Buehn, lot on SE line of London street. 100 NE
of Persia nvenue, NE 25 by SE 100, block 12,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Timothy Furlong to William P. and Bridget
CoRley. lot on.SW line of Cotter street. 525
NW Of Mission, NW 25 by SW 100, block 6.
Academy Tract; $10.
Cuneo & Costa Company to John F. Fltz
patrick. lot on N line of Costa street. 23 E
of Brewster, E 25 by N 80, Cuneo & Costa
Addition, gift map 3; $10.
Johanna Whalen to Annie E. Jones, lot on
S line of Bush street, 48:4 W of Hyde, W 23:1
by 8 57:6; $10.
John Jones to same, same; gift.
Henrietta I. Selby to Pietro Delucchl, lot
on NE line of Boardman place, 225 SE of Bry
ant street, SE 25 by NE 117:0; $10.
Thomas W.. Katherine A., Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Margaret J. Stevens, lot on
E line of«fan Bruno, 200 S of Twenty-fifth.
3 25 by E 100; $10.
Margaret J. Stevens to Emma A. Rollins
(wife of J. E.). same; gift.
Charles H. Lane to Augustine C. Martin,
lot on N line of Marlposa street, 75 E of Miss
issippi, E 25 by N-100; $10.
John C. Brickell to Rose C. and Clara B.
Klncaid, lot on S line of West Clay street and
E Twenty-seventh avenue, E 30 by S 100; $10.
Elmer Westlake to Florlssa Mero. lot on W
line ot Sixteenth avenue. 121:1 S of California
street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Mollie Levy to Mary Sweeney, lot on S line
of California street. 57:6 W of Twelfth avenue,
W 25 by S ICO: $10.
Edgar J. Dubbs to William M. de Wolf, lot
on S line of California street. 82:6 E of Fifth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
John M. and Emma Peters to Mary A.
Hartery, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 100
N of A street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Peter Peter
son, lot on W line of Central avenue, 75 N of
Halght street, N 25 by W !>3:9; $10.
Rudolph J. Tausslg to Celia Carroll, lot on
E line of Guerrero street, 147:6 S of Eighteenth,
S 25 by E 10T»; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Charles
T. Spader, lot on E line of Church street, 26:6
S of Liberty. S 25 by E 105; $650.
Mary E. Russell to Jean E. Painter, Pauline
A. Younger and Ada M. Russell, lot on W line
of Mason street, til N of Clay. N «1 by W
80; also lot on N line of McAllister street. 82:rt
E of Gough. E 27 :ti by N 120; also lot on N
line of McAllister street. 57:6 E of Gough. E
2". by N 100; also lot on E line of Gough street,
100 N of McAllister. N-20 by E S2:6; also lot
on NW corner of Hayes and Scott streets. W
76 by S 100; also lot on S line of Point Lobos
avenue. 77:6 E of Ferrle street, E 37:6 by S
125; also lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 150
N of L street, N 75 by W 120; also lot on SE
corner cf Thirty-second avenue and J street.
E 57:6 by S 10O; also lot on E line of Thirty
ninth avenue. 50 S of M street, S 50 by E
120; also lot on SW corner of Fortieth avenue
and O street, W 120 by S 100; also Iqt on SW
corner of M street and Thirty-eighth avenue,
W 120 by S 10O; also lot 8U3. Gift Map 3; also
undivided 4-2S of lots 1 to 14. block 10. Flint
Tract, reserving life estate; gift.
Edward and Adella McLaughlln to Kmily S.
Karns lot on SW corner of O'Farrell and Tay
lor streets. S 75, W 137:6, N 13, E 25. N 62,
E 112:6; $10.
J. Drisco WllBon to Esther M. Wilson, lot
on SW corner of Pacific avenue and Broderick
Btreet. W 75. 8 100, W 30, S 27:8>4. E 105,
M 127 :B%: gift. .
Estate of W. K. Van Alen (by O. D. Bald
win, executor) to O. C. Cappelmann. lot on
W line of Lyon street, 21) S of Sacramento, S
26:7% by W 100; $3S25.
Same to same, lot on N line of Sacramento
street, 34:11 E of Central avenue, E 40 by
N ICO; $6800.
Kate M. Van Norden, Richard H. "and Chris
tina Glassford and David and Jane Hearfleld,
to Andrew Anderson.' lot on W- line of Gough
street, 68:9 N of Greenwich, -N 39:3, W iw.
N 107, W.90. S 14o, E 255, subject to and
Including rights of way; $10.
Carrie B. Bridge to Glancoe B. Untermeyer.
lot on W line of Buchanan street,- 137:6 ¦ r».,
of Vallejo, . N 22:6 by W.10O; $20. •
City and County of San Francisco to Isabel
Sprague, lot onS line of Broadway. 137 .bjv
of Buchanan stieet. W 34:4 by S 132;t *¦.*-—•
Richard Altschul (executor estate of L*» dw '°
Altschul) to Joseph F. Dolan. lot on YV^ line
of Broderick street, 100 N of Geary. >• •*• b *
W 125; $5250. . • ... „*.„,,«
Estate of Frances H. or Frank H. £ 00 £ 9
(by Harry F. Woods, Ed Barry. Charles o.
Wlnfleld and T. J. Lyons, trustees) to Esther
M. Wilson (wife of J. Drlsco), lot on « '"»•
of Broderick street. 100 S of Pacing avenue,
S 27:8U by W 105; $ 1725. ¦
Roy T. Klmball to same, same; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Cath
ehine Haley, lot On S line of Oree? •!"££
219W of Baker, S 126 by W 45, N 127, E 25,
City and County of San Francisco to Jean
Allec, lot on W line of Folsom street, 2« ix
of Eighteenth. N 25 by W 122:6: $— — •
John O. Gantner to same, same; $1V.
Hibernla Savings and loan Society to .Carl
J. Rahr. lot on E line of Church street, 26.8
S of Duncan, S 25 by E 100; $875. - ' '.
Henry Clements (or Clement) to Jacob Roths
child, lot on SE corner of Elizabeth and Belle
vue streets, E 125 by S (H, lot 1. block 12.
Noe Garden, quitclaim deed; $10.
Jaoob | Rothschild to Perry E. Maddux, lot
on SE corner of Elizabeth and Bellt-Vue streets,
E 125 by S 64, lot 1, block 12, Noe Garden,
bora Schaffer to Raffello and Fllomen.Pier
ottl. lot on S line of Lombard street, *-0 W
of Dupont. W 25 by S 90; also all interest
in 10-foot alleyway in rear of lot running
W from Dupont street; $10.
Richard H. and Nora E. Oppermann to An
gelina Vlolettl. lot on W line of Vulcan lane
(Maiden lane). 98 N of Vallejo street. N 3V».«
W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Wil
liam H. and Effle A. Mitchell, lot on * >ine
of Utah street, 127 N of Marlposa, i. xa by
Fleming b. Thum to Behrend Joo»t. lot on
SE corner of Georgia and Colusa streets. t>
125 by E 200, lots 1 and 2. 11 and 13, bloc*
489, Golden City homestead, quitclaim deed;
Jane Benztllo (by L. Wadham. tax collector)
to same lot on SE corner of Yolo and Louisi
ana streets, E 100 by S 50. tax deed; $3.
William Edwards to A. B, Ruggles. lot on
NE corner of Forty-third street and Point Lo
bos h venue. N 61:3. SE «7. SW 41. W 55; $10.
Frank and Mary C. Falrcloth to Maud Fair
cloth, lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, Ii5
S of Folnt Lobos avenue, S 50 by E 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to Ernest A. Painter, lot on w
line of Nineteenth avenue,- 200 S of H street.
S 5P by W 120; $10. %
Ernest A. and Mary E. Painter to Rebecca
Joost. lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue.
20O S of H street. 8 25 by W 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Lucy A. Chand
ler, lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue,
275 S of J street, S SO by W 120; $10.
Johanna Sengstack to Stephen A- Byrne, lot
on W line of Alabama street. 200 S of Preclta
avenue. S 60 by W 110. part vacant lots 15$
and 160; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Ann
de Sasslse. lot on N line of Silver avenue,
202:8 W of Craut street, W 27:6 by N 101 :S,
block 4. College homestead: $260.
Jane Graham to William F. Cook, lot on SE
corner of Esmeralda street and Lundy's. lane,
S 62:6, E to Prospect • avenue, N 02:6, W to
beginning, lots 205 and 207, Gift map No. 3;
110. .
Elizabeth, Agnes and James W. Graham to
same, same- property, quitclaim deed; $10.,
Mary A. Barber to Peter A, Llnd, lot on SE
line of Chenery street. J?8 NE of Roanoke. NE
25 by SE 100, block 7, Falrmount; $10.
S. Ducas Company to William A. Eaton, lot
on N corner of Berlin and Wf>olaey streets,
NE 40:6 by NW 100. block 10, University
homestead"; $10.
Same to Harry Murphy, lot on NW line of
Wooluey street. 40:6 NE of Berlin. NE 40:0 by
NW 1C0. University homestead: $10.
Same to William T. Seabright. lot on NW
line of Woolsey street, SO SW of Glrard. SW
27 by NW 10. block 10. University homestead;
$10.
Joseph R. and Clara J. Rogers to David
Levy, lot on W line of Victoria street. 25 S
of Garfleld, S 25 by W 100, lot 38, block 35,
City Land Association: $ll>. -
: Henry Hartmann to Solomon C. Sanders, lot
on S line of Clay street, 118:9 W of Steiner,
W 25 by S 127:4«; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 18,. 1903.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 50 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner'« inches. The flguret for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. .The. figures are by J. B. Llpplncott,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF RIVEES.
_ Martha E. Logan (owner) with Ludwii? B.
O . Koentg (contractor), architect William H.
vvnarff — Carpenter, concrete and mason wi>rk
for a two-story and rough basement fraroe
building (flats) on SB line of Silver street. 145
SW of Second. SW 50 by SE 75: $7275.
. Oswald Deil (owner) with Floan A Wold
(contractors), architects Rousseau A Son — AH
work for a one-story frame cottage on S line of
Lake street. 107:6 E of Twentieth avenue, E 23
by S 100, Outside Land* 00; $2123
building on NW corner of Fourth av»nue and
California street. W 37:9 by Irregular depth of
75: $2331 50. , ••.«.• . r
Ernest and Emma Boden (owners> with C.
J. 'A ntwlier (contractor),- architect owner — A"
work to romplete/ building partially done, «wn*r
to furnish lumber, mill and glass for a two
story frame, building on NE comer of Nine
teenth avenue South and L. street. K 75 by N
13
nPa ESTATI%^»TY— rOR_8ALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & PONS,
fij FLATS.
$20,000— Jackson ct.: in best locality; rents
fir.5; lot 25x127 :fc; a good let with eplen-
dld southern exposure, giving eun and
light In every room.
$20.000— O- Farrell et.; rents $157; 3 new and
first-class flats in the thoicest renting
lor-allty in the c!ty: neighborhood first
class; building exceptionally well built;
etrett work all <5one; cars passing.
$1S SOO— Hsight '«.: rents $120 now. but could
Vasily be increased, ss it is rented too
low.
$;7 5C0 — Eddy-st. corner: rents $121 f.0; 2 pood
buildings with ct^ro. flat and J-story
hou^; always rented; street work all
done.
$16.000— Frll-ft. flaw, with two flats in rear;
rents S120; close to town and excellent
renting locality.
$15. P00 — Rents $ir.S f.<>; Lrf-avor.tvcrth-st. cor-
ner 40 ft. from ; «n eepwlallv gtjod buy.
$14.000 — Buf^a Vista a\*\: 2 especially well-
built flats; oriP ln:ilt (or owner to live
in. the other t« rein; could easily bring
about $125 a month.
$14.000— Pine st.; rent? $133; - first -claw houses
cf 2 «torirs. at 1 , ic and basement each,
with one staM* in rear; straet work all
done; north side of *ti-eet; convenient
to cars.
5lS.f«0f» — Rents flic .'•": Huchanan *t.: 3 new
flats, clo^e to <utt«T-st. <^ar line.
<!2.!\0O— Rrr.t* M02 .v>: Sacramento «.; thre<»
flats; built only <"• months: inrido of
. I-arkin Ft.; clow «-nr>iij:h to town po that
tfr.ants ran walk up and down without
Wins car fare^
$10.000 — Xlasrn-st. rnrner: 2-story building;
etnre below end flat ebov«>; total rents
$n; r.o.
THOMAS MAGKE * SONS,
ft Montgomery st.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. ~~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
No. f> MontRomfrj-.
POWELL STREET.
$7000.
P.e-ts $6f> T.o a month: four-storj' frame build-
ing; three f.ats and two rtore*; on Powell st
in cood rentirg locality; will always stay
Rented.
TMs is a cplerKjiii buy.
XV. J. GUNN. ;
*-"f> CALIFORNIA STREET
< Savings Union Building*.
Oici^st. mot rteslrahlp and ' h*>st located
."•?¦ rfTcr^i in tT<at first-<5sF* m-ighborhood.
¦wrier* costly r*^idenc*-s are poing up \V side
of Sixth ave.. M of Lake Ft: sitrly nnd elo-
vated; loekinp into the Presidio; 2T>xI20; street
work all done; a few steps from the electric
cars; $l&rtt> «»jich.
11750 — Cheapest lots on north side Union st
vest of Broderick: i:r.xl<«v fine marine
vjew.
$CRnrv_u>1I located l"ts on N side of Union
Ft., near Bcott; 2r>xlio
NORTH OF THE PARK.
'Cheap Richmond lnts at $3fK» <>arh. on B
ri*»ar Wh ave.: 2TiXl00: on 7th and fcth bvps ..
-••il20: 3 lines carr: ver.v easy terms: call at
•©fiW for ranif-ulars.
Ter.th a<e.. ri»»ar Clerr^nt: 34:2x120; $1550.
2 lots. 2, r >xl2i"', only $CV> for both; a fine
ruj - : rlos*> to the r*rk; marine view: Fulton-
ft. cars rass= within a ifw steps; this is the
Hcfft barpafn in Richmond.
• W. J. OIXX,
R30 California Street.
a bargain!
A lovely hom<\ 7 rooms, bath and bawm"nt;
fruilt in 15«f!l by a mafter mechanic and con-
. tractor for his own use and thoroughly dinr-
circular window*; Inlaid rolishM floors; par-
lors. b!r<lspy«* maple; hail, oak; others in
harmony: entr.A view; private pas plant;
verj- tastefu'.lj- finished; rr.u.«t t«> won to N?
appreciated: investigate; complete; ftiOnn;
house alone.$i.V>rt. MOSS31AK.S50 Market. r.5.
FOR SALE — House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; sunny tide cf Nineteenth Ft., between
Vai«>ncia and Mif-sion; must uell; no reason-
able oiler refused. STEPHENS &. CO.. 221
• Powell tt.
THE BUILDING COXETRCCTION roil-
.PANT. 511-512 Catlaphan tuildinp. will buv
you a lot end build you a boose; small cash
" rayment ; $* r*>r mnntJi j<ay«i principal and
interest en each $l<<00 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houw« just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole.£!.railer & I'arnassu!" sve;
plans, terms. rric*-« to suit; arrly premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl ft.
NEW hou?*>s and flats on Second ave. and C
ft. for sale en eaey paj-ments; one block to
McAI'is"t«T cars: prices to suit jou; open.
$2750 — HOUSE. € rooms; bath; 2 patent c!o»-
¦ftr: Ftable; nice garden; bargain. Cox 1193.
Call office.
l-^OR MLlf — New 7-room modern cottage; nicelv
decorated; ea*j- terra*. ITT Lizx'.e. nr. 3Oth
e.r.d Mission. Apply owner, 3202 Mission rL
INVESTMENTS snotjl of Market St. from $ir.Ca
to $15.(00. pajii.g from 10 to 15 per cent.
fr>-n<iicate Investment Co.. 207 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATK Country For Sale.
GRF.AT har?a:i.— Highly improved 22-acre
rmncb in t.Vrrr.ii tx-lt. £anta Cruz Moun-
tains; exeeotionallv fine climat*. said to be
fjpfTior to Paeartena: abundance of finest
F^rinp water; 'J ;:.iies from R. R. station and
clos-e to school. N.J. Barton, Ben Lomond. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, ttock ranches, orchards,
vir.eyer'is: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue j«Tit fre«. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048
Market Ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU AliE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded fcy flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S5u; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TV! Crar.d 14';1. l.V». park st.. Alarr.prta.
FRLITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR tale — Cheap on account of going East this
ffiJ!; ;¦-."•¦ cash: balance can remain on rnort-
pa«?e; email house, stable and chicken
bovis*-*; lot 100x150; Fitchburg. on Knell ave.
Take the Hay wards car or addrt-es to K.
EP.AXDT, EJrchurEt. Alameda Co.. Cal.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
31 ILL VALLEY HK A I. ESTATE.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CA^IL ~
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fine large lots right at the station on graded
streets; beautiful trees, charming views, no
bills to clhnb; prtc*s very low, only $S to
$12 a' front foot; will double in value; don't
tail to »ee them; over WJ lots sold recently;
6end for Illustrated booklet: ag-mt on' the
grouad Sundaj-s. LYON &. IIOAG. 11Q Mont-
pemery et.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OPTICE, 1118 BB-OADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
$100 DOWN In Piedmont; monthly pay-
ment* - cottage of 5 rcom*, all In nice
ccnfliUoa; close to can; street work all
djEie.
$.3000— Nearly new, modem colonial cotUge ct
' 6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation.
porcelain bath, fcanitary plumbing, all In
fine condition; lot 60x140 <note tb* size);
ttrect work all done; stone sidewalks
I»i<J; cpen lav.-n: choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove et ; fine barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
mutt !.. sold; owner away: cannot be
duplicated et the price; must be wen to
be appreciated; terms of payment If fl<-
¦ired.
$3500— EasUske cottage of C rooms, bath, high
basement; lot 34x133; good email barn;
• 11 in fine condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 5CT 25tb ct.. aear Grove.
£esd for 8-page printed catalogue.
GEOP.GE W. AUSTIN'.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALEX. MITRDOCK. Chronicle bldg:.. Fan Fran-
ciKoo, for Oakland. 13<rke>y or rural homes.
OAKLAND FIR.MTIRB FOR SALE.
FCBNXnjRH rood and cheap this month. IL
fr'HI'LLHAAS. 40* Eleventh et.. Oakland.
TYVPEWRITERS A-MJ^UPPLIES^^
GREAT BARGAINS Tn^TTPEWRITERS— Vfe
•ell better maxhlncs for less money than *ny
house In the city; rentals $3 The Typewriter
Erchacge. 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
A TEW good typewriters at *30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomtry et
2r «? IAND t ypcwrlt»T» sold rented, repaired.
» tetter Typewriter Inrpcc. Co., 209 Bansome.
A t^T\. * partm ent~tous7P"f urnished~and >^in^
».«» .T 1 r , ( * >ms : new management: elevator;
not and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
A ™ M ? sfl 2?" : cut rates n° w fc cummer. 308
3Q St.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
EI ,SHJ H - -, 1 ? 1 ' 4 - n *a r Market— Furnished bed^
room and kitchen adjoining.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
D | pusekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1S3O Polk st.
llo^*ARD. 1S31— Large sunny parlor, bedroom
and large real kitchen'; reference; no children.
MINNA. 434— Large airy furnished back room
for light housekeeping.
MISSION, lc«3— An elegantly furnished front
suitu for housekeeping; water, gas and phone;
other rooms from $1 60 per week up.
3 NICE housekeeping rooms. Apply 23H Mobs
st.. off Howard.
OAK, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; sink,
Ras range, hot bath, laundry; adults $12;
__ single >5.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3353, cor. Capp— Hous»-
keeping rooms to let; furnished or unfurn'd.
VALENCIA. 187 — Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; separat*
entrance front and back with bath and gas;
no email children; rent $22 50.
VALKNC1A, 101— Two large sunny well-fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; fine bath;
pas supplied for cooking and lighting; rent
' $1U month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HOO3IS TO LET— rum. and I'nfnrn.
A.A. — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market Et.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 2 and 4. Phor.e Jessie 4471.
FRE1S FREE
We locate you free cf charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN 18 TURK ST.. 4 POORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A PAY UP; SPECIAX,
RATES BY THE MONTH.
X^ HOTEL GRAYSTONE,
C8 GEARY ST., PHONE BUSH 8S0.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES,
WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Jtooms
25c to $1 per nieht, $1 25 to $5 per weil. and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. l"
Fifth tt.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
(I ?>U to $10 week: house open all night.
! ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3, 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpp. ; strictly mod. : elee. elevator.
, A LARGE furnished rcom for 1 or 2 g'nts:
bath; running water; references. S89 Post st.
; BURNETT. 1426 Market-^(old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, fingie; also furnished.
; CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; .prices reasonable.
! FII.LMORE. 1720— Nice sujiny furnished room
for 1 cr 2 gentlemen: bath.
FOURTH. 225— Nice, sunny front room; also
single rooms.
GRAND BouUieiil. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: 52 to $t> week; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms; tingle-or en suite; $1 per
week up.
HOWARD. r^S— Nice, neat Fmnll room in
Prntestant family for gentleman.
McAllister, en— a hlcely furnished front
room; reasonable.
MINNA. r.4.'»— Lnrge sunny front room for gen-
tlTnan: alsn sinple room; reasonable.
i OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlres: elevator: fl»c. lights: day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, ICG Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smokirg-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms ptr night S5c to $1 50; week. S2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
j TO LET— A newly furnished front buy-wlndow
room in new modern fiat with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
si<!e cf Markft; hamiy to 3 car lines; must
have references. ISox 13. Call office.
TURK. 416. Repina — Beautiful Funny suites &
e'.r.ele: latest linpts; lowest rates in the city.
! TWO furnished rooms; pas. telf phone; central;
grntlcmon only. Address box 1*00. Call.
I UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy sITnear~Market
— Ifxi single and family rooms; 35c to $1
nieht; $1 75 to $<> wef-k; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Renovated; handsome
sonny furnished yuites front rir.s; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 M> n'ght: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
r-jbscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
i AilOY. THE
j • Strictly first-class family hotel: sunny rooms,
suite cr single; billiards; eteam heat.
I VAN NESS, 1714— Select private boardlng-
bouse; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
! OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California i>t. — Attractive in-
terlor; t-xceptlorial table; free billiard-room.
THE JOHNSON, eO5 O'Farrell st. — Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; refs.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum htreby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-crphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1, 1003, to July 1. 1903:
Violet Dutro. it yrs.; Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs •
Frank Fassina. 12 yrs.; I^ouise Fecclna. id
jts. ; Josephine Feccira. 8 yrs. ; David Fec-
cir.a, « yrs. ; Joseph Clancy. 5 yrs. ; Rosa
Alameda. C yrs.; Gasper Castell, 8 yrs.: Wil-
liam Caste!!, 6 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yrs.;
Car/ie Cano. 8 yrs.; Nettie Cano, 6 yrs.;
Rai.iha.el Cano. 4 yrs.;. Gtrtie Robinson, 1 yr.
6 mos. ; May Conely. 7 yrs.; Ira Conely, 6
yrs. ; Otis Conely. 4 yrs.; Benjamin de Rose,
P yrs. ; Maria de Rose, 12 yrs.; Margaret
Ccwep, 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep, 8 yrs.; Maria
Cowep, 5 yr«. ; Willie Cowep, 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Samuel Belogich. 4 jts. 2 mos.; Pauline
Wolfe, 9 yrs.; Michael Mastrosanti, 0 yrs.;
Mary Bclovich. 10 yrs.; Antonet Belovieh, 8
yrs.; Charley del Grcndl, 7 yrs.; Louise del
Grcndl. 6 yrs. ; Marlon Chapman, 5 yrs. <J
mos.; Edmond Chapman, 3 yre. (J mos.; May
Chapman, 1 year 6 mos. : Remond Schwell. 4
jts.; Ella Creque. 6 yrs.; Agnes V. Johnson.
7 yrs.; Earn Walsh, 9 yrs.: William Mc-
JOnsey, 8 yrs.: Isabel McKensey. 1> yrs.;
Chariot Borensen. « yrs.: B^rnardlne Flynn,
I r. jt3. 6 mos.; Catherine Murphy. 3 yrs. 6
mo*.; Sarah Murphy. 2 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney,
2 yrs.; Mary Johnston, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
ston, 5 jts.; James Johnston. 2 yrs. ; Clara
Jchncon, 10 yrs. 7 mo«. ; Ethel Wagner, 0
vr*.; Maria Ki:.F. 7 yrs.; Rose King. 5 yrs. ;
Winfred King, 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Henry King.
1 year S mos.; Sam Schmidt. 3 yrs.; Mary
McNlckells. 7 yrs.; Agnes McNlckells. 7 yrs.:
Emily McNlrkells, 5 yrs.; John Wagner, \1
yrs.; Maria Wagner, 10 yrs.; Cbester Wag-
r.er. 8 jts.: Clara Futterer, 9 yrs.; Lewis
Cbeerello. 6 yrs.; Eva Narvls. 7 yrs.; John
Henderson, 3 yrs.: Margaret Bannan. 6 jts.;
John Green. 6«yrs. ; Henry Pastene. 4 jts.:
Celia Brand. :i jrs.; Jlarla Walsh. 1 year <i
rcos.: Elizabeth Kelly. 2 jts.; Willie Sum-
mers. 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Michael Lcgue. 2 yrs. 2
mos.: Josephlse Baker. 1 year 4 mm.; Rlsle
Jenkins, 2 jts. 6 mos.; Annie McDonnell, 9
jts.; Eadle Mason, 7 jts.; Frank Logan, 0
yrs.; Agues Buckley. 12 yrs.; Lottie Camp-
bell. 6 yrs.; Ella Moran S yrs.; Margaret
Loftus. 2 yrs.; Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos., #
Florence Buckiej', » yrs. 2 moe.: Dora
Gleischner, 4 jts.: Addle Wcsher. 5 yrs.: Jo-
ceph Bwaj-ne, 1 year 2 mos.; Rachael Myers,
2 yrs.; Llllle Kearney. 1 j-ear 6 mos. ; Michael
Mcrgan, 2 yra.; Violet Plckett, 10 yrs.; Frank
White. 4 yrs. ; John Wlgln, 4 yrs.; Joseph
Miller. 6 yrs.; Grade Hopron. 7 yrs. ; Carri*
Collies. 6 yrs. ; Harriet Meohan, 12 yrs.: John
Kane. 2 yrs.; Oracle Mihigan. 11 yrs.; Joseph
Rlordan, 6 jtr.; Emma Campbeen, 7 yrs.:
Theresa Hill, 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher, 8 yrs.;
Anna Muller, 8 yrs.; Llllle Cashell. 4 jts.;
Florence Nelson, 2 yrs.; Rosie Fosett, 4 yrs, I
Theresa Donald. 5 yn>. ;' Annie Brag, 2 yrs.;
Frtd Conley. 3 yrs.; Mary Bryant, 4 jts.; Al-
bert Nlcholls, 4 yra. 9 mos. ;, George Hoffman,
S yrs. ; Alice IClchollft, 7 yra. ; Antonla Louise,
2 yrs.; Theresa Fisher. 8 yr». : Myrtle Fisher,
7 yrs.; Mary Smid. 7 yrs. : Hilda 'HolverBOn.
10 yrs.; Esther Holvtrson. tt yrs.; Lizzie
Regan, 7 yrs.: Celia Regan, 5 yr«.; Mary
Regan, 8 yrs. : Philomena Morse, 2 yra. ; John
Maschlnl. 7 yrs.; Hazel Roche. 10 yrs.
SPECIALISTS. ¦£¦
CATARRH^ IdEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutler st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eje. ear. "nose and
throat. Removed to 423 Eddy st. -
STUTTEIII.\G ASP STAMMERIKG.
MELBOURNE Sjstem School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of the Custodian, San Francisco
Quarantine Station. Angel Island, California,
July 13. lftO3.— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at this office until 3 o'clock p. ru. orr
the 30th day of July. 1903, and then opened,
for the miscellaneous repairs at ti.e U. 8.
Quarantine Stati>>i, ingel Island, aas Fran-
cisco Harbor. California, In accordance with
drawing and «peclncatlon. copies of which
may r-e had at this office. HUGH 6. CUM-
MING, Passed Assistant Surgeon. Custodian.
P. O. address. Angel Island Quarantine Sta-
tion Ban Francisco, Cal.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPAJinr.
Tiburon Perry, Voot of Mariot St.
BAN FBANCISCO TO SAN SAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 6:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:3O p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAIL TO SAN rBANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 6:50, 7:35. 7-50 9-20
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:5O. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 3:00. 5:20, «:10, 8:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. \ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- | Week
Days. I da>s. I tion. | days, j Days.
7:30 aj 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 aj 8:40a 8:40a
8 :00a »:3oa Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:3Up . «:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p |6:20p 7:25 p
I I 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
S:00a H:00a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p «:30a IVtaluma 8:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p aad 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a 7:30a 10:20a 10:20a
N:0Oa JS;0Oa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:30 p 7:25 p
1 " Windsor,
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburg, 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton,
2;30p 2.30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
I I Cloverdale.
7:30a| 7:.'J0a| Hopland 110:20 a[10:20 a
2.30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p. 7:25 p
7:30 a I 7:30 a | Wllllts. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
8:00 a j 3:00 a I Camp Vacation. |10:20 a|10:20 a <
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 pj 6:20 p [
8:00 a| X:00a Sonoma. | 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 pj 5:10 p Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7 :30 a j 7 :30 a | |10:20 a|10:20 a !
2:30 pi 2:3<tpi Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:2t)p \
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Roea for White Sulphur
springs; at Fulton for Altruiia and Marie
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Lkiah for V ichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside. Llerly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, M»-ndocino City. Fort Bragg, Westport
Usal; at Will Its for Fort Bragg, Westport
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer
Garberville Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates
Oa Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pas. Agt.
rs#^RISil T0 SAN Rafael*
SAf! QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZAD3R0.ETC.
|P^^^^^!J^ via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK" DAYS (Holidays' exeepted) — 6:45.
t»7:45, 8:45, 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. n:45, 3:15,
4:15, t5:15, *fl:15, 6:45, 9, 11:45 p. m.'
7:43 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL, HOLIDAYS— 7.
IS. t*9. t*10. 11. |ll:30 a. m.. fl2:30, fl:30.
2:35, »3:50. 5, 6, 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. ta. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, Jti:25, 7:40. 8:15. J9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20, {3:48, 4:50, 5:30, 6:45,
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. t8:10. 9:40, J10:55,
tll:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, $3:25, 4:40, J5:50,
»:55, 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25.
9:45, 11:10 a. m., 12:4O. 2:45, 5tl3. 5:10. 7:03,
10:40 p. m. .;.-..
SUNDAYS— «:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05,
1:05 2:40, 3:45. 4:55, 6:05, 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ -
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exeepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and Way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. rn., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m., Point
Reyes and way stations. .¦•,.-
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market st.
¦ FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAA1ALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave . T»» Stcsvlitt f«rrr Arrfre =S
San Fran. ftwt tt Markrt ft. Saa Fran.
Week Sun- • "m Son- I WecT
9:45a 8:00a effaMJgtta 1*:OQm STTST
l:45r 0:00a t$@S5&K9 13:OOr3:3Or
S:15p 10:00a TOSKwT 3:30p 5:50?
SUnrisyt mly. isw trma IT 8:3Or,srrrnSJ. : l:3Or
TIClir I'm* Masmt St, (North Shore Railroad?
OFflCB I and Sausauto Pnutv, Foot Market St.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were' Issued
yesterday: _•
Oliver B. Cason, 25, Goat Island, and Sadie
A, Fisher, 34, Lincoln. Nebr. ¦
Thomas P. O" Regan, 86, 2820 Sixteenth
street, and Nellie E. Groome. 27, 2871 Six-
teenth sti-eet. ¦ • •
Benjamin F. Bchwartr. 21. 700 Mason street,
and Irene Coflln. 18, 700 Mason street.
Anthony V. Bowers, 23, Stockton, and Ella
Reynolds, 23. Stockton.
Robert Henry BUer. 23. 1879 Mlsalon street,
and Anna G. Hall. 18. 15 Lapldge street.
William G. West, 25. Portland. Or., and
Petrorella Geroom. 25, Utrecht. Holland.
Edward R. Uardln, 23, 683 Geary street, and
Delia Green, 21. 468 Tehama street.
Joje G. Terra, 32, 75 Jackson street, and
Maria R. de Avelar, 32, 75 Jackson street.
Irving S. Marks. 24, 630 Fulton street, and
Loltta A. Smith, 18. 1307 Ellis street
Yoichl Kolta. 28, 122 Golden Gate , avenue,
and Tsuta Sumiyoshl. 23. 426 Jonea 1 street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handrd
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed ' with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
BORN.
ELPON— In this city. July 15, 1903,- to the
wife of Jack \V. Klson, a daughter.
FRANK— In this .city, July 14, 1903. to the
wife of Mitch Li. Frank, a daughter.
TENNEBAUM— In this city, July 14, 1903, to
the wife of Charles Tennebaum, a son.
WESKE— In this city. July 14, 1903, to the
wife of Adolph Weske, a daughter.
_______
COLGAN— McCLAIN— In this city, at St.
Mary's Church, July 15. 1903. by the Rev.
Walter E. Hopper. John J. Colgan and Cath-
erine McClain, both of San Francisco.
LEVY— GROSSKOPF— In this city, 'July 10,
1903, ljy the Rev. H. N. Schoenfeld, David
Leon Levy and Sail Grosskopf.
Bralden.' Alexander Lutz, Carl
BrochenholmT Chas. Mahoney. Jeremiah
Broderick, Thomas MaHon, Thomas F.
Casassa. Catherine Orr, Myrtle A.
<'aun>ld. Ireta M. Paluche, Gilbert
Chapman. Katherine Peterson. Aaron
Chrisfern. Joachim Power, Mrs. Isallne
Cooney, William G. Raffptto. Lailgl
Crockett, Susan Rider. George
Culley, John Seheeline, Simon
Golden. "Patrick Shawl. Morris
Hiscox, Margaret Voorhles, Frank L.
Hooper. Major W. B. Ward, William G.
Lorey, Cicero Williams, George H.
BUAIDEN — Entered into rest. July 13, 1903,
Alexander Braiden of San Ardo, Monterey
County, Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, July IS. 1903, at 9 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Western Addition FuneTal Di-
rectors, 1724 Dtvisade.ro street, between Sut-
ter and Bush. Interment Cyrress Lawn
Cemetery.
BROC'HENHOLM- In the City and County
Hospital. July 1«. 1003. Charles Brochen-
holm, a native cf Finland, asred f>8 years.
BRODERICK— In this city, July 17, 1903, at
his ivMrience, ir»f>ifc Natoma street, Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Brod-
erick, devoted father of Mamie. Celia and
Katie Broderick, Mrs. A. Owen and Mrn.
J. Kane, uncle of Mr*. E. Ericksen. and
brother-in-law of Mre. J. McConalogue, a
native ot County Oalway. Ireland, aged 62
years nnd 7 months. (New York papers
please copy.)
CASASSA— In this city, July 16, 1903, Cath-
erine Acnes, dearly beloved wife of Charles
Casasaa, and mother of Marie. Margaret,
Charles. Katherine and Rose Caftassa, a na-
tive of Philadelphia, aged 57 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S34 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will he celebrated for the repose of her eoul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CAUFIELD— In this city, July 17, 1903. Ireta
Merle, dearly beloved daughter of Bertha
and Andrew Caufleld, and sister of Maud
and Harry Cauvel, a native of San Frao-
claeo, aceil 6 mouths and 2y days.
CHAPMAN— In Lop Angeles. July 17, 1903,
Katherine, dearly beloved wife of Alfred B.
Chapman, loving sister of Edward and Celia
O'Donnell arid Mrs. Park Mlchener, and
niece of Mr*. Marraret O'Nell, a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years.
CHRISTERN— In this city, July 16. 1903.
Joachim, tieloved husband of Annie Chris-
tern, father of Arthur and stepfather of Fred
Christem, a native of Schoenberg. Germany,
aged 51 ytars 10 months and 11 days. A
mcmlicr of California Lodge No. (34, W. of
the W. : Wrein Deutscher Foerster, and San
Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. der H. S.
\£T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor DIerks. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and thence by electric fu-
neral car to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for in-
terment, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:45 o'clock.
COONEY— In this city, July 16, 1903, Wil-
liam G.. beloved ?on of William and Mary
Cooney. a native of Providence, R. I., aged
27 years and 29 days. A member of the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius'. (Provi-
dence, R. I., papers please copy.)
(C7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
, of the parents. 21 Beaver street, thence to
Mission Dolore3 Ciurch for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
CROCKETT— At her home. 1275 East Four-
teenth street. Frultvale, Alameda County.
Cal., Wednesday. July 15. 1903. Susan Crock-
ett of Hopklnsville. Ky.. daughter of the late
Hon. Joaeuh B. Crockett and Caroline M.
Crockett. (New York and Washington, D.
C.j papers please copy.)
K7"Funeral services will be held at the
Church of the Advent, southeast corner of
East Sixteenth street and Twelfth avenue.
East Oakland, Saturday afternoon, July 18,
1903. at 2 o'clock.
CULLEY— In Redwood City, July 14, 1903,
John, beloved son of the late William and
Annie Culley, and loving brother of William
Culley and Mrs. Jennie O'Leary, a native of
County Meade, Ireland, aged 44 years. -
(CTFrlends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services'
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery evenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GOLDEN— In this city. July IC, 1903, Patrick.
' J beloved husband of Mamie Golden, father 0/
Reta Golden, brother of Mrs. W. F. Harney
and the late Hugh M. Golden, and brother-
in-law cf John. Kate and Margaret McCar-
thy, a native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged
:;<j years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are resppct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,. 815 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- '
HISCOX— In thla city, July 17. 1903, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Lester B. Hfscox.
mother of Verna and Mervll Hiscox, and
sister of Christina and Jenett Fraser and
Mrs. Annie Perue, a native of Canada, aged
29 years !) months and 10 days.
HOOPER— In this city. July 10, 1903, Major
William B. Hooper, a native of Richmond,
Va., ag€d f;G years.
i (E7"Funera! services will be heldat Trinity
Chui-ch, corner of Rush and Gough streets,
on Monday. July 20, at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Cypress Lnwn Cemetery. Comrades
of the G. A. It., Companions of the Loyal
Legion, members of the Masonic fraternity
and friends are invited to attend the ser-
vices at the church. The. clerical members
of th« standing committee and others of the
clergy who may attend, are asked to bring
their vestments and to come to the vestry-
room of Trinity Church at 1:30 o'clock.
LOREY— In this city. July 17, 190.% Cicero
I^orry, beloved child of Frank and Henrlette
Lorey, and brother of Carl, * Demosthenes
and Brunhellde Lorey, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 8 montha and 4 days.
LUTZ— At the German AlMnheim, July 16,
190.}, Carl Lutz, a native of Hantburg,
Braunschweig, Germany, aged 76 years.
tn^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ut 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor DIerks.. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment - I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this city, July 10, 1903, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Mary Mahoney,
and father of John Mahoney. Mra. Michael
McDonough, Mrs. Joseph Carr, Mrs. Thomas
Calaghy and Mrs. John Weldon, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, ' from his late
residence, 225 Liberty street, thence to St
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Pleaae omit flowers.
MALLON— In Soledad, Monterey County, Cal.,
July 16. 1903, Thomas F. Mallon, beloved
husband of Mary Mallon, a native of County
Meath, Ireland, aged 05 yearn. A member of
General George G. Meade Post No. 48, G.
ORR— In this city. July 17, 1903, Myrtle Aga-
tha, dearly beloved infant daughter of Al-
bert and Charlotte Orr, and sister of Hazel
G. Orr and Jbsenh E. and Walter A. Matl-
F NEAREST THE CITY =J== P
ft OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. j
RAILWAY TBAVZL>
California , :
limited—
to CHICAGO
y^Tf^l An Ideal Train
[SS g] For Those Who
KTjp!*^ Seek the Best
SANTA TB TBAI2TS.
I>ar> Markat-str»et Ferry Depot
I Local I Llm'd I Loeal [ OVrVd
, I Dally | Dally 1 Dally I Dairy
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30* 4:00 pi 8:0O 9
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 pj.l:15 9
" Merced .... 1:03 p 1:55 p 1:28 *
" Freeno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p 8:15 a
" HanJord .. 4:58 p 4:07 p ....... T:50 •
" Visalia .... 4:55 p 4:48 p &:£0 s>
" Bakersfleld 7:15 p 8:00 p 7:33 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 •
" Chicago ...1 2:15 p 8:47 9
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bak-rsfl«ld Local, stop-
pin*? at all points In San Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:68 •. m. daily.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday to tn«
CALITOBOTA U2UTED, c*rryiatf Pal-
ac» Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car run» to B»kers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-c!aM pu-
sengers7 Nr> second-class tickets ars honored
on this train. Corresponding train. aiil*«a at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. .
9:30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclising Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Correspondlcr train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train, arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:0O p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist 81«ep«r« and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which rats oat at Fresno. Cor-
reaponding train arrives at 0:25 p. ra. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East teave San Franci«co every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday tt $ p. n.
Offices — 041 Market street and tat Ferry De-
pot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. ¦ Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrmlll# l ?A^*3i3S5c»co." TtT# •*
*- Qtotm Lte*. Too* ** Msrtat Btr— I.) **
Mati - r*on Joa ¦ n, !««• - A*xrr%
~7J»a Beniela. Bultisa, Jttmtn sad 8m»»> ~~_
mento Zi5*
JMa TseavQle, Win un*. Rwamt-.. .. .. 7M*
7.30a Martls**, Saa Samoa. YalKto
K.p*. CsJtstork. «aats> Boea. • JR»
750a Nilea. L»throp.8u»ck:oa... ........ 7.26V
BOO* Est ii. Wowll wad. K nl*ht» 1*****.
M»ry»Ttlle. Or«»lUe, (connects
stMarysTtllo tor Orldley, Bt«s
aad CWco)..^ y-^. .74B»
«.00a Atlaatt«Kzpres»-OBdeasad»M. 10.21a
800 a Pert Costs, U.rtlae*, Aattoch. By
ran,Tr*cjr.Su>c*;too,S*erMn«ata.
Los Bano^ Mendotm. Baafard.
VImUs. Porterrlll* "»4^5>
8.00a Port Costa, Msrttoes, Ultoo».ll»
desto. Merced. Yreaao* Oosaea
Jaactico, H»nfer«. Visits,
BakerrteM ~~»— BJ8»
8.30a Sbasta Kiprww— Dsrts. wniUms
(for B*rtl€« SprlncsK WOlowm,
tFroto, Bad BlmO. ForOaad...... 745*
8 30a KUes, Ssa Jeee. Uvenaore, Sleek-
ton. I o n e. 8 »er«n« nto*n aeerr III «,
MinriTJUe. Calco, Bed BiuJf..... 4JB»
8.30a Oakdsle. CataeM. J unestowa. 8o>
norm, Tnolumoe aad Aagela ..... CZf*
900a Martinet tad War Stations. 8-669
10.0Oa V«UeJo- .... 2 ........ 11a»
fi 0.00a Cre^eentatyKxprese, Bastborod.
—Port Cest*. Brroa. Iraey. I*,
tbrop. Stockton. Metwd. Bay ...
mond. Froeao. Haaford. VlsaUa. «
Bakersfleld. toe Aaietos aa4 ">->• I
New Orlean*. (Westbosad ar-
rlves a* Paettle Coast mzpresa,
Tia Coast Lro«) «1-30»
tO. 00 a Tb a OTPTland Limited — Offttea.
DenTer, Oman*. Chlcsgo. 1*5*
12C0m Harvard. >' lies and Way Stations. 325*
ti.OOr Sacramento Btver Steamers- tii-007
tiOr Benlcla. Wlnwrt, B^raanenKX
lVoodland. Wintaata, Cotsuaa.'Wn-
knrs. Kalgbts Landing. Marya-
Tllle. OroTiJle aad way aaajtoaa.. lOB?*
53Or narward.KllMandWarflUOo^.. W
4.00r Marttnes.SanRaaoa.Tanalo.Skaa,
C»ll«tof«, Santa Rosa... 9 25*
4.0QT Mar«nei.Tracy.Lathrop.8U)crtca. 10. 2S*
400? KUes. LtTermore. Stocktoa. Lodl.. 1.2S*
4 Mr Hajward, HMes, Irringtoo, Baa » J8.65 a
Jose. LtTermore I tii^&A
B 00* Tbe Owl Limited— rreaao. TiUare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles: con-
nect* at 8aogus for SaaU Bar*
bar*. .— MS*
B-CO* Ton Costa, Tracy. 8tockton, *»•,--_
Banoa l£-fS»
tB iOr lines, Baa Jose Local .............. 725*
8-OOr Harvard. Ktlea aad Saa Jose*. 1US*
•4)07 Oriental Man— Ofden. DenTer.
Oataba. St. Loaie. Chicago aa«
Kaat. (Carries Pullman Car paa>
sengers ealy oat et Baa Traa*
Cisco. Tourist ear aad coach
paseeogers take 7.00 r. a*, traia
to Reno, coatlaolag thence la
their car* tr.m. train ea*fward.. 4<23*
WestboBOd, flaaset Llmtted.—
From Hew Tork, Chicago, Kn
Orleans. Kl Paso. Los Angeles,
Fresno. Bereada, Baymoad < frota
Tosemlte), MarUne*. Arrtvea.. 8 23a
74)07 Baa Pablo. Port Costa, Marttaea
and Way Stations................. 11-OTa
$7,007 Vallejo M 1M»
7.00r Port Costa, Beatela. Balsas. DaTla.
«'- » Bacramento, Trackea, Beao.
Stops at all sUllonj eart of
Sacramento , 7654
t-067 Oregon A California Express— 8ao>
ramento, MarysTflle, B«ddag.
Portland. Pnget Sonnd aad Emu MB*
$8-1 Or Hayward, NDea aad Saa Jose CSan-
dayonly)
! 11J26r Port Coata. Tracy, La tbrop. Mo*
deito. Merced. Baymoad (to To-
Semite), Fresno , -- - - t ii,',i II 75»
Hanford. Vlnaila, Batertoeld..^.. ilSr
" COAST LINE (5wT»wfaiieV '
, (Foot of Market Street.)
~t7-45A Santa Cnu Excursion (9«aday
only) ».1ttr
8-1Sa Kewark. CeaMrmia. Saa Jose.
Feltoa, Boalaer Creek. Baaaa
Cruz aod War Stations 8 2SS>
: 1X4S7 Kewark, Center»ille_ Saa Jose.
New Almadea. Los 0 »to*. Fe! ton.
Boulder Creak. Saata Cras aad
Principal War Sutloos ......... 104S*
4.187 Kewark. Saa Joee, Los Oatos aad
way sutloas (on Satnrday aad
Sanday rans through to Saata
Cnu, connect* at felUm for
Boalder Creek. Koaday ealy
from Santa Cras). ............... tB.88*
•OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN HCA> CISCO. Foot ef Market M. (SHpflh
-17:13 »:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3-00 5-1S7 ¦
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — «:» &:m
H:05 10:00 aji. 12-00 tM 4JXJTM.
COAST LINE (Brs*4 Gsag,).
(Third and Towaaead Streets.)
8.10a Baa Jose aad Way StaUoae.. ....... 740?
t7 COa San Jote and Way SUttons. ISO*
/7 00a New AlTnaden................ ..... y4.10>
17.15 a Monterey and Saata Cms Ksear-
»lon <Snnd»T only) fl fpr
ct 00a Coast Ltae Limited— Stcpsaaly Saa
Jose,011roy,BolUster,Pajara.Caa>
troTiile. Sallaas. 8m Ardo, Pas*
Kobles. Santa Msrjrsxtta, Saa Lais
ObUpo,(prlnclpaUUtionit!i«i«e)
Sana Barbara, and Los Aa>
gelea. Connection at CastroTllle
to and from Moeterey aad Padflo
Grore and at Pajaro north booad
„ __ from CapttoU and SantaCrtu 10.4S>
84WA fiaa Joie. Tres Ptaee. Capltola.
Saau Cras.Paelfle GroTe.Saiiaaa,
Baa Lais Oblrpo sad Principal
Intermediate Butlooa 4.10*
Wcstbosad only. PacltJC Coast Kf
erf a*.— From 5ew Tork.Cnl«aco»
Nev Orleans. El Paso, Los A»
feles, Saau Barbara. Arrrrea.. 1.30*
IOJOa 6an Jose and Way Stations. 1.20V
11 -30a Saa Jose, Los Gatoe and Way 8ta-
,__ Uona 5-387
•I-JOp San Jeee ssd Way 8utiou... M .. M X 7 007
2C0r Ban Jo»e and Way StatloD* »»¦¦*&*
1\3.C0rDel Moate Kzpreaa— Saata Clara.
• Ean Jote, Set Monte. If onterey,
?sciflc Orore (connects at "rant*
Clara for Santa Cro». Boolder
_ Creek and Narrow Ganee Polnu) t12-1&»
03 307 Barlingsme. Saa Mateo, Bedwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, liayfleld, '
Mountain View. Lawrence, Saat* *
1 Clara. San Joee. OUroy (eoaaeo>
tlcn tor Bolllster. Trea Plaoe).
*; -i ¦ Fajar* (coon-ectlon [or Wiuon- •-.-.•/V-^
»Ule. Cap/tola aad Santa Cmi).
Pacific Orore aad way stations.
Connect! at CMtrorllfo for Sa-
. 9n _ Unas..., 1flL4ta
04.307 fiaa Joae tbd Wsy SUtlons fcJ4*
1 otSXOT 6»n Joee. (via Santa Clara) Los
Oaios. Wright and Principal* ay
Sutloas r*4MU
«55^Or eanJotrandPrlncipal'KraySeaUooa tj OIL*
etfi.167 EaaUateo.Beresford,BermoBt.SaB lm " m * m
Carlo*. Bedwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t« 4*x
8 J0r Saa Jose and Way Sutlona. „ B.3tk
•7X07 Snnset Limited, Eastbooad.— Saa
Lul j pbispo. BantA Barbara, Loa
Aogfies. Demtng. El Paso, Nev
Orleans, New York. ( Wmbound
tr rt T e«Tl«9«aJcsqnlnV«llay)... it8 2Sa
l.ftfr Palo Alto aadWaT8UUoae..!:.;j n$U
al1-I0rMlllbrae,Palo Alto and Way St^ "*•**
«i 1.307 Umbrae, 8aa Josa aad'Wa^ Sta^
""^ ~. $f^a>
i Stops at all ttattona en Sunday.
1 ganday ftxeepted. t Bandar oaljs.
a Saturday only.
* Coaaecu at Goaben Je. vita tratai far Banfor*
Vlsalia. At Fresno, for TlsaHa rto BaagaiL
«Tla Coast Line. /Tneadayaad FrMay.
1 Stop* Saata Ctera soata booad ealy. Caaaaaai
exeept Saaday. for all peinu Narrow ff^aya. ""'**
*Do«a not «toi» at v.i.^-«- g^ - — .- .
ICTFrlends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),, at 2 o'clock, from the "Red Men's
Hall, ;J2() Pom street, under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.
Interment National Cemetery,- Presidio.
ICTFuneral services will be held Sunday
afternoon, July 19, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence In Auburn. Cal.
RAFFETTO — In this city. July 15, 1903, Lulgi,
dearly beloved husband of the late Rosa
Raffetto, and father of John, Frank, Nicho-
las and Carrie Raffetto and Mrs. Jennie
Cordano, a native of Italy, aged W years 7
months and 28 days.
.(C7-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 19, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4 Noble • alley, off Dupont street,
between Union and Filbert, thence to 423
Broadway, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Galileo Grove No. 37, U.
. A., O. D. Interment New ItaHan Cemetery.
RIDER— In the City and County Hospital,
July 17. 1W3. Georse Rider, a native of New
York, aged 59 years.
SCHEELINK— In this city, July 16, l»03,
Simon Scheeltne, beloved husband of Hen-
rietta Seheeline, father of Edwin, Lester and
Harold Scheellne, Mrs: Samuel Hlrachfelder
and Beatrice Scheellne, and brother of Na-
than, Meyer and Benno Scheellne of this
city. Alexander Scheellne of Pennsylvania,
Isaac Scheellne and Clara Hclnsfurther of
Germany, a native "f Thalmaesslng, Ba-
varia, aged 61 years 4 months and 24 days.
(Downie.ville and Qulncy papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at If o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1935 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clork train from
Third and Townsend streets.
SHAWL— In this city. July 16, 1903, at the
Pacllic Hebrew Home, Morris Shawl, be-
loved brother of Louis, Mark and Gus Shawl,
a native of Prussia, aged 72 years.
G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 94« Mission ctreet. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
VOORHIES— In Corte Madera. July 18, 1903,
Frank L., beloved husband of Lottie Voor-
hieg, and father of Faith and Gordon W.
Voorhiex, a native of ft. Jjouis. aged 49
yearn. A member of Corte Madera.- Lodge,
¦ Woodmen of the World. •¦ '..•¦.;. •
(CyFriends ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral services
I Sunday, July 19, 1003. at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence. Corte Ma8era. thence by train
to San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
WARD— In San Rafael. July 15. 1903. Wil-
liam G., beloved husband of Hattie M. Ward,
• and father Of Chester O. and Winnie R.
Ward. -a native of Illinois, aged 47 years 9
I months and IS days. (Baltimore, Chicago
and Topeka. Kans., papers please copy.)..
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of. Por-
ter' & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In this city. July 17. 1903. George
H., beloveu hupband of Frances J. Wil-
liams:, a native of New Jersey, aged 62 years
10 months and 3 days.
'" '8bn."a"natfve"6f"EaifFrancisc6, aged 1 year
. and % 7.days. ¦ . j. . ..-• ,• •. . -, :.
PALACHE— In this city." July 17. 1903. Gilbert
Palache, husband of . Margery Palache. and
¦father -of Sadie N:; Ida AW.,- and J. H.\
Palache, aged 74 years 8 months and 20
days. •
E7 Services and interment private.
PETERSON— In this city. July 10. 1903. .Aaron
Peterson, husband of the late Sophia Peter-
son,- andr beloved father of Mrs. 1 F. Hunter.
Mrs. J. Marvin and John PeterBon. a native
of Sweden, aged 78- years. (Tuolumne County
papers please copy.)
IP^Servlces at 1:30 o'clock at the parlors
of Carew & - English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
to-day (Saturday). Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. ¦ .- ¦ .
POWER— In East Oakland. July 17. 1903. Mrs.
¦ Isallne M. Power, beloved mother, of Harold
T.- Power and'Mrx.' Liizle P. Woods, a na-
tive of Yeverdpn. Switzerland, aged 69 years
6 months and' 12 days.The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murlne Eye
Remedy tor. use by the firemen after a
hot, smoky fire, as It so quickly relieves
Eye pain and restores red. sore. Inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murlne aids those wearing glasses and ts
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. •
CASH CROSBT AGAIN IX CUSTODY —
Cash Crosby, a victim of the opium habit who
has been in custody several tlmea for various
crimes, was arrested yesterday morning at
Fourth and Townsend streets by Detectives
Regan and O'Connell. He was locked up- In
the City Prison and this moraine win be
taken before Police Judze Fritz. About a
month ago he 'was before the Judge on a
charge of vagrancy and sentence «u post
poned on his promise that he would leave the
city and not return. He has not kept hia
word and will be sentenced to-day.
When you get a fountain pen that suits
your hand; one that writes without any
shaking or coaxing. We have them at
prices from $1.00 to $5.00 each. Money back
If not satisfactory. Sanborn. Vail & Co
741 Market street. : :;?\ •
Pen Troubles Disappear
To-night the jubilee jlay banquet will be
given at the California Hotel at 6:30
o'clock and to-morrbw afternoon at 3
o'clock another union mass-meeting will
be held in the auditorium. •
and expressed their thankfulness for the
advantages both of home life and educa
tion, which., through the instrumentality
of the Young Men's Christian Association
they had enjoyed.
The Rev. William Cleaver of the Young
Men's Christian Association of Los An
geles and Director Perkins and numer
ous others paid warm tributes to General
Secretary Henry \ J. McCoy, to whos'e
years of energy and exertions they at
tributed the freeing of the association
from debt.
Jay Marshall, a laborer 23 years of .age- ,
and Miss Opal Dlnwlddie. 17 years of age.
were arrested yesterday morning by De
tectives Anthony' and Bailey on warrants
from Ukiah charging them with a felony.
They were booked to await the arrival of
an officer from Uklah to take them back.
The charge against Marshall Is for en
ticing a minor from her home for Immor
al purposes. The girl belongs to a re
spectable family In TJklah. Marshall,
who lives at Fort Bragg. Induced her to
leave her home about six weeks ago and
come with him to this city. They had
been living at 23% Sixth street, where they
were found by the detectives. It is said
that Marshall has been using the girl's
earnings. The charge against her Is mere
ly for the purpose of getting her back
home.
Jay Marshall, on His Return, Will
Be Tried on a Felony
Charge. _,
POLICE ARREST I EIiOPINO
..?> COUPLE FROM UKLAH
The rate of 33 1-3 cents per hour would un
der this demand constitute the minimum rate
of the carmen's pay. On the basis -of wages
raid platform men for the year ending March
31 1903 ($1,237,683. CO), the rate of 33 1-3
cents per hour alone, without reference to the.
higher rate resulting from short time runs,
overtime, etc. would Increase the payrolls for
one year by $420,227 87N
The average rate of pay, taking Into con
sideration the number of employes In each
class resulting from the wage schedule now
submitted by the company, is found to be
23.67 ceflts.
The increase In the present rate of pay of
platform employes now demanded by the
union would result In an Increase in the yearly
payroll as compared with the rate submitted
by the company of M97.9O4 32
The additional rate for overtime and short
time runs we estimate would amount to about
iiss 860*26 which would make a total in
crease In the payrolls of platform men of
$GS0.764 68 per year.
/ The above calculation only takes into consid
eration the demands for Increase tn pay of
platform men alone, while the demands of th«
house and track men. also submitted, it is es
timated would ¦ Increase the payrolls, of the
company a further amount of approximately
$132,638 3L .
The cas? will be resumed Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
THIRTY-THREE MINIMUM.
A further inspection of the payrolls of the
United Railroads for the quarter year ending
May 0, 1903 of 01 Jays, shows that out of 1S38
platform employes of the company during that
period. 604 .are. earning and receiving from
$S0O to $920 and over per annum; 617 are
earning wages of from $700 to $800 per an
num, while the average pay of alt platform
men. based upon a three months' service with
the company, is about $730 per annum, as per
United Railroads' exhibit No. 3.
The wages earned and received, as noted,
would be materially greater except for the ab
sence of carmen from work, caused by sus
pensions from oversleeping and other viola
tions of rules, absence on leave, absence
caused by sickness, being given light runs by
request or being transferred temporarily to
other occupations.
To obtain a fair comparison with the wages
earned by the platform men during the. early
portion of the present year — an average was
taken for the months of February, March and
April, 1903 (SO days) — under the same condi
tions and a proportion added to allow for the
one day less in the period, resulting in average
wages of $173 17 per employ*, as compared
with $147 24 for the same length of period of
fw> davs in the year previous. «n Increase of
17.6 per cent. This increase, confirming the
previous estimate of 17.4 per* cent, is much In
excess of the average -increase In the rate of
the carmen's wages and is due to a readjust
ment of the time schedules of the company
with direct benefit to the men In the way of
Increased wages resulting therefrom in addi
tion to the Increased "rate."
The demands of the platform men now under
discussion Involve among others, a rate of $3
per day for nine hours of labor, which is at
the rate of 33 1-3 cents per hour, but which
does not take Into consideration the higher
wages claimed for overtime work nor for
short time runs, which would materially "In
crease the rate above noted.
"The list of such employes will be. revised
on the first day of January of each year, so as
to add thereto the names of men who at that
time shall have completed terms of continuous
service as above state*; attention being called
to the .fact that hereafter no new names will
be added except for continuous service.
"The board reserves the right to annul, re
scind or amend this resolution at Its pleasure."
The amount so expended as a bonus to old
employes Increased the average rate of pay of
the carmen of that company to 22.674 cents
r>er hour.
In the negotiations with the Carmen's Union
during the strike period of last year (April) the
company offered to pay either a minimum wage
of 23V.I cents per hour and continue the bonus
system Inaugurated by the Market-street Rail
way Company, or to pay a flat rate of 25 cents
per hour to all employes, as the men might
elect. They refused 23 cents and a bonus,
and accented the latter proposition of a 25
cent flat rate, which went into effect April 27,
1U02, the new rate being 10.SS per cent tn ex
cels of the average rate previously prevailing.
INCREASED PAY.
"In recognition of and as special reward for
faithful service the board of directors of the
Market-street Railway Company does hereby
authorize the general manager to pay a bonus
at the end of each month to conductors, mo
tormen and gripmen. beginning with the month
of March next, in accordance with the follow
ing scale:
••To all such employes who on January 1.
1900, had been in the employ of this company,
including its constituent companies, for five
years. 1 cent per hour; for ten years. 2 ceflts
per hour; for fifteen years, 3 cents per hour;
for twenty years. 4 cents, per hour.
"The above regardless of whether said length
of service was continuous or not.
BONUS SYSTEM.
Market-street Railway Company— 22 cents
per hour, with 30 cents for all overtime work
beyond the working day of twelve working
hours, occasion for which, however, but rarely
occurred. That company, furthermore, as a
special reward for faithful services, paid a
bonus to the platform men. commencing March
1. 1900. as authorized by resolution reading as
follows :
During the above-mentioned periods I had
charge of the accounts of the said company or
companies and also of its or their various rec
ords. As such custodian I am familiar with
the wages paid by the constituent companies of
the United Railroads of San Francisco, hav-.
Ing had Immediate charge of the payrolls of
the Market-street Railway Company and the
payrolls of the other constituent companies of
the United Railroads being on file In my office
and In ray custody since April 1, 1902.
h The wages paid by the constituent companies
at the time the United Railroads of San Fran
cisco assumed control were as follows:
Railroads of San Francisco, having held that
position since March 31 and April 1, 1902, at
which date the present company assumed the
operation of Its respective roads. Prior to that
date and since April "13, 190O, I occupied sim
ilar, offices with the Market-street Railway
Company, one of'the constituent companies of
the said United Railroads.
. The witness having testified that the United
Railroads .would not have asked for a reduc- I
tlon of the old wage-rate of platfoim men had
industrial peace been preserved. I sought to
obtain from him an admission that industrial
peace has been preserved, this arbitration pro
ceeding being -a --peace proceeding and not in
the nature of strike, boycott or Industrial war
fare. He was so eager to avoid any frank ad
mission of the sort suggested, without coup
ling with an admission such qualifications as
should destroy its value, that he sought to
convey the Impression that so far os the ar
bitration is a peace measure that measure
must be credited to the United Railroads
rather than to the Carmen's Union. The truth
being that arbitration in its true c.nse was
first proposed and definitely urged by the Car
men's Union, and only reluctantly accepted by
the United Railroads, as the correspondence
before the arbitrators abundantly shows, I
sought from the witness a candid statement
doing justice to the union in that rrrard. I
drew his attention to the fact that the United
Railroads proposed that Mr. Calhoun and Mr.
Mahon ¦ should consider the disputes affecting
the street railway men, but that the union hau
objected that since Mr. Calhoun was a party
in Interest and Mr. Mahon likewise, true ar
bitration required that a third man should be
agreed on as umpire, whose position would be
disinterested and whose vote should decide dis
putes, where the other gentlemen should be
unable to agree. He appeared to evade ad
mitting the fact in this connection and sought,
it seemed to me, to leave the record, so far as
he could, representing his corporation as the
father of th« arbitration rather than ;he union.
When I pursued him. for the. truth as to Mr.
Calhoun' s interest in the case— as < to Mr. Cal
houn' s ¦ financial relations toward the United
Railroads and the New Jersey corporation
Which is the sole stockholder of the United
Railroads — as to Mr. Calhoun' r part In the deal
resulting In the acquisition by the United
Railroads of street railway properties in this
city — he fenced In a fashion I deeme-1 discred
itable with my knowledge of the facts and my
knowledge of his subserviency to Mr. Calhoun
In all these arbitration negotiation? and pro
ceedings. So far as my manner was adverse
it was Intended to be »jver*, for I have small
patience 'with manifest unfairness; nor does
my patience increase when to untiirness of a
witness is added affected indignation of coun
sel. '
MOORE REPLIES.
To. this Attorney Moore at once replied:
I have not prepared any objection ¦ but will
briefly say that If this case was being heard
in a court of law the witness would be pro
tected from anything .approaching loud talk-
Ing or charges of e.vasion. Whoever presides
in a court see* that the witness Is protected.
All else I have to say is that if/ I thought for
a moment that this interruption would have
caused so much delay I would never have ob
jected. . . - - .
President Holland then' took the stand
and all through the . afternoon Livernash
was more guarded in his examination.
His testimony was about the same as dur
ing the last few days, the only new inci
dent' being .that' he ' positively asserted
that he would, not have . presented a lower
schedule of wages for. the. arbitrators, to
consider If ttie carmen had remained with
their present rate' of. wages and had not
asked for an advance to $3 a day for nine
hours', work. He describe^ the new re
quest as an j action to< disturb the. indus
trial '; peace. •' After three entire days on
the stand President Holland was excused
by ; Livernash. ,', ' Secretary "Willcutt of the
United S Railroads j was then called ' and
read;the following, statement: . .
WILCUTT>S; FIGURES.
I am secretary and controller of the United
"Even so, you are not justified in brow
beating hinv" returned Moore.
"I \ will not allow you to say that I am
insulting a S witness," said Livernash.
At this juncture a recess was taken and
both sides refused to continue the case
unless Judge Murasky was present. '
In the afternoon, when Judge Murasky
took his. seat, Livernash made the follow
ing statement:
NO BROWBEATING.
"Your witness is perfectly safe from any
personal, attack on my account," said
Livernash. "The witness is- studiously
avoiding my questions."
"I want some method of protecting my
witness from personal attack," answered
Moore. \ '¦ ¦
. "I am tired of this gallery: play of op
posing counsel, shouted Livernash; "the
witness^ makes, me very weary and the
taking of his testimony is not to be di
verted by . by-plays to the press and the
public." •
President Holland was the first witness,
and his demeanor showed him to be a
man that cannot be shaken after he has
once expressed his views. This nettled
Livernash, -who was evidently determined
to cause trouble. To this end he began
to parade the Imaginary -2000 farmhands
that are to supplant carmen in the event
of a strike. Then came the touchy
point, about Patrick Calhoun.
"Now, Mr. Holland, is Patrick Calhoun
your superior, and would you obey his
commands?" asked Livernash.
"No, I do not take orders from Mr. Cal
houn,'' replied Holland. *
"I notice that you every beck
and nod of Mr. Calhoun when he was out
here," continued Livernash. "Now, Mr.
Holland, are you making a true statement
of facts? I had top much to do with Cal
houn when he was out here, and I differ
with you. He came out here for a spe
cial purpose and you know It."
Moore thought that ¦ the matter had
gone far enough, so he swung into line
with: '
VI insist that the witness shall be re
spectfully treated. I shall call at once for
Judge - Murasky and ask him to protect
the witness." t- .
TBOUBLE STABTS.
The carmen's cqunsel repeatedly Insinu
ated that Holland was evading questions
as to whether Calhoun was or was not his
superior. Moore objected to what he
termed the browbeating of his witness.
One word brought on another,-»and every
moment Livernash became more excited.
At last. Moore refused to go further with
out Commissioner F. J. Murasky's pres
ence. A telephone message was sent to
Judge Murasky,: but pressing legal mat
ters held him. In the. courtroom until 2
o'clock. Moore then consented to
tinue, but a hitch was caused by Liver
nash, who said that he would not proceed
without the 1 ; presence of Commissioner
Murasky.
An adjournment was taken and at -2
o'clock Commissioner Murasky arrived.
After stating that he wished it understood
that he would no nothnig 'more than ad
minister oaths, as. he originally agreed to
do, he suggested that counsel should re
frain from arguing and the case proceed
ed.
¦¦ The arbitration proceedings between the
Carmen's Union and the United Railroads
broke up in a wordy row yesterday, morn
ing. The trouble arose while President
Holland was under cross-examination by
E. J. Uvernash. - '
Jurist -Arrives at Afternoon Session
and Suggests That There Be No
More Arguing by Oppos
ing Counsel. ¦ .
Hurried - Messages Are Sent
, to r Locate Judge
Murasky.
Carmen's Arbitration
Halts at Morning •
Session.
LIVERNASH'S
HOT TEMPER
STOPS CASE
Gather at the Afternoon Meeting- of Praise, and Song and
Hear Unique Comparisons by the Rev. Frank S. Ford,
While Civilians and [Soldiers Later f(Dffeiiv Up Thanks
YOUTHS PARTICIPATE IN REJOICING
AT Y. M. G. A. JUBILEE FESTIVITIES
GRACE'S RECTOR
CRITICALLY ILL
Second Apoplectic At
tack Is Likely to End
in Death.
Unconscious and Speechless
the Patient Grows
Weaker-
On "Wednesday last Rev. Dr. Robert
C. Foute, pastor of Grace Church, this
city, and one of the best known clergy
men In California, was stricken with apo
plexy. He tad Just boarded a California
etreet car at Montgomery street on his
way to his home.
The conductor, who knew his passenger.
Eaw that something had gone wrong, so
be stopped the car at once. The sufferer
wa6 not able to speak nor to rise from
his seat, so the conductor and the grip
man carried him to his home— 2123 Cali
fornia street— and a physician was called
without delay. The patient has not been
conscious since reaching his home, and
the case is extremely serious.
The gravity of the attack is increased
by the fact that the patient suffered from
a similar seizure three years ago. At that
time he was compelled to abandon his
work for some months. His health im
proved so much after his rest, however,
that he resumed his labors and had never
ceased working up to the moment of the
second ftroke.
Dr. Clarke yesterday called In Dr. de
Vecchi as a consulting physician, and aft
er a conference it was agreed that the
patient was in no way improved. His
left eice is completely paralyzed and he
remains utterly lost to outward- impres
sions. Dr. de Vecchi pronounces the case,
unless a miracle intervenes, necessarily
fatal.
The news of the eminent pastor's con
ation will be received with sorrow by a
large circle of friends within as well as
beyond the limits of Grace Church, of
wbich he has been pastor cince 1SS4. His
fame extends throughout the country.
SATS ATTORNEY HASSETT
BROKE PROMISE TO CLIENT
Frances Carter Asks Court to Set
Aside Decree of Distribution .
Ob alned by Lawyer.
In an affidavit filed yesterday by Fran
ces Carter In support of a' motion to set
aside a decree of distribution of the es
tate of her mother, Catherine Schneider,
she makes a serious charge against Attor
ney P. W. Hassett, executor of Mrs.
Schneider's will. She charges - that he
made her and her brother a- promise that
he would not apply for distribution of the
estate without giving them notice, and
then did so, and that he also promised he
would not charge the estate for the ser
vices of Attorney Gleason, his brother-in
law, but would pay him out of the fees
he wou'.d receive as executor. This prom
ise, says Mrs. Carter, he also broke, and
in fcis executor's account approved Glea
sois's claim for $251 for legal services.
The motion to set aside the decree will
be heard Friday. July 31. in Department 9.
Seligman Appears in Court
M. Carlron Seligir.an, alias M. J.
man. appeared before Police Judge Ca
baniFS yesterday and was instructed and
arraigned on the charge of obtaining
money by fali»e pretenses from the Conser
vative Life Insurance Company while act
ir.g as solicitor. By consent the preliml
r.ary hearing was postponed till Tuesday.
Missing Han's Estate in Court
C. E. Rich, stepfather of C S. Tubbs,
who has not been heard of since January
1, 1S34, when he left this city on a sea
voyage, ti'.ed a petition for letters of ad
ministration upon Tubbs' estate yester
day. The estate consists of an interest in
a life insurance policy for $1750.
SCENE DURING THE RECEP
TION FOR Y. M. C. A. BOYS
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
the expense, of time, all • the labor and
money, would be amply repaid. Mr. Ford
said that when a friend" asked Mann
whether he had not colored the statement
a little he replied: "Not if it was my
boy."
Mr. Ford then called upon his youthful
and interested audience to take every ad
vantage of . the great opportunities which
the Young Men's Christian Association
offers. ' . .¦*¦'•
After appropriate remarks from Secre
tary Braden, a. word from Henry, J. Mc-
Coy,- the general secretary, and a prayer,
by Herbert Felton.the lads sanga hymn
and took their leave of the association for
the day. . - .- - .
Miss Mabel McCoy accompanied • the
hymns on the organ, and among others
who took part In the afternoon exercises
were Eggert Peters, William Adams, Ar
thur. G.. Meyer, Chester Terrell, "John W.
Callnon, Harry McKenzie and Messrs.
Symons and Skelicorn. ' < • '
QBE AT NIGHT GATHERING.
The grand" union' mass-meeting in the
evening brought", together a great con
course 'Of men and women from the
churches of. the city. It was a gathering
that will be long remembered for its.en
thusiasm and for the pleasant happen
ings during the execlses. ,,¦¦
The auditorium, handsomely decorated
with the Stars and Stripes from one end
to the other, arranged by the association's
electrician, John Goman, looked bright
and cheerful.
In the gallery were many soldiers. from
the Presidio and all- Joined in praise songs
•and listened-, to '.words of .commendation
and thankfulness that the association had
entered upon the road' leading toward : its
centennial.. . . ; •». •- i
The Oliphant sisters sang - beautiful
•duets and the- blind singing evangelists,
Mr. and Mrs. Baker, rendered the duets,
"The" Better Day Is Coming," "Peace"
and "Good Night,", and men arose'ln'the
great audience, both civilians and soldiers,
Services at St. Francis.
, *A novena in honor; of ¦ St. Anne, the
mother of the Blessed Virgin, • opened • in
St. Francis .Church ,. last , night . and , will
close. on Sunday, July 261 To-morrow even
ing at; vespers the. pastor. Rev. T.yCara
her, will preach on "The Rejoicing of the
Saint." - ¦¦- ¦¦ • • .'.-¦: : :
THE second day of the jubilee cele
bration of the Young Men's
Christian Association brought to
gether the boys of the associa
tion all bronzed, sturdy and smil
ing after their beneficial outing for sev
eral weeks at Camp McCoy.
A. Claude Braden, secretary of the
boys' department, presided, and after a
prayer by Secretary Cleaver of the Young
Men's Christian Association at Los An
geles the boys sang several hymns and
then the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of
the First Christian Church, delivered an
address.
Mr. Ford's idea was to Ehow that the
raw material of a boy or man did not
represent the value of the product. The
raw material, alluding to a young man,
was, he said, 23 pounds of carbon; lime,
21 pounds; phosph rus, 22 ounces; and so
dium, iron, potassium, magnesium and
silicon, 1 ounce each; oxygen. 500,000 cubic
feet; hydrogen, 100,000 cubic feet, and ni
trogen, 52 cubic feet.
As an illustration that the raw material
did not represent the value of the pro
duct, Mr. Ford said that Millet, the ar
tist, paid 1 franc fof canvas. 2 francs for
brushes and color, in all, 60 cents, in paint
ing "The Angelus," but, he said.' that did
not represent the value of the picture,
which was sold for JIOS.OOO.
Mr. Ford said that P. B. Frisk, the
writer, had computed that a good boy at
the age of 15 years had cost his parents
$50i«J, and if given a college education
after that $5000 more must be added. A
bad boy, according to Frisk, cost double
those sums.
VALUE OF A BOY.
That, said Mr. Ford, was only the
money cost of a boy. If, he said, they
were to compute the value • of- a boy's
worth when Invested he was of tremen
dous value. Mr. Ford said that- a writer
in one of the magazines had an article on
"Niagara Kails and an Incubator • Baby."
in- which the author compared the dy
namic power within the incubator with
the tremendous mechanical power sup
plied by the Falls in the Pan-American
Exposition at Buffalo, concluding that the
baby was the greater in power.-
Then, said Mr. Ford, the difference be
tween the value of pig • iron and watch
springs was Just the value of a man. Raw
material,* plus may, he said, equaled the
commerce, mechanics, art, science lind in
vention of to-day. • :
THIS LIFE NOT THE
The difference, said Mr. Ford, between
the world of Noah and the world of to
day was Just man's value. This was not,
however, the complete value, for. said
Mr. Ford, this life was not the end. He
said, further, that Christ had taught that
a man had much greater value for eter
nity than for time and that the man who
could administer ten talents here shall
rule ten cities' there. *
In conclusion, the reverend gentleman
a?ked what they, the people and the boys,
were going to do about it. ' If a boy | was
worth bo much, not only in cost but in
actual value," what, he. asked, were the
churchesi the association and the govern
ment going to do about it?.
Horace Mann had said in an address at
the opening of a reformatory that if only
one boy was 'saved by the Institution ail
News in Army Circles.
Major General MacArthur, accompanied
by Colonel P. .W. West, .made, an official
call upon Italian Embassador to the Unit
ed States Mayor des Planches yesterday
at the Palace Hotel. Major E.. E. Hardin,
Seventh- Infantry, has -been ordered to
Benlcia Barracks- for duty In connection
with the approaching departmental prac
tice shoot. Lieutenant L. \V. Hanner of
the medical department has been ap
pointed transport surgeon for the Sheri
dan, relieving, Lieutenant Stephen Wythe.
The News Lftter for this week contains a
most interesting and authoritative article on
Californlans In South Africa from the pen' of
Dr. Adrian Hc-'meyr. the j celebrated and elo
quent Africander I explorer and scholar. - There
is a new. and curious story from the Yosemtte
narrated by Locker On, who has seen a- few
fresh and ytrJUmg incidents this week. The
mordant troth of the Town ¦: Crier is ' keen
enough and there are sufficient articles of gen
eral Interest to make this an - exceptionally
strong and interesting number. ' The remarks
on the rise in the price of gas in the financial
columns ara worthy of speclaj notice.' • .
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Halgbt & Maaonlo av.»
The Japanese have built some-locomo
tives which are . unlike any "•¦. made In
America or Europe. ¦ v". '¦
Our name on your printing raises the stand
ard of your goods. Mysell-Rollins,' 22 Clay. • .
SUES F. CHEVALIER & . CO.— Alvln P
Brown filed a «iult against F. Chevalier & Co
yesterday to recover $3673 paid out by several
persons who assigned their claims to him ¦ on
bills of exchange drawn by W. A. Fiske, man
ager of the firm's Portland house and indorsed
by it.
Gives Sister Object' Lesson.
. Pretty Mary Ella Henning. aged 17
years, who was arrested on the 15th inst.
by Policeman Kramer and who.is now in
the City Prison under a charge pf drunk
enness, tells a peculiar tale in accounting
forsjier ¦ condition. She said that her
sister^ Freda, who Is several years her
senior, got her drunk in order to show
her that life among the denizens of the
tenderloin was not a life of ease. She will
appear before Judge Fritz next'Monday.
Brunswick Again in Commission.
' The ateam schooner Brunswick, which was
wrecked some months . ago at Humboldt Bay,
started on a new career yesterday - afternoon
when che was launched from the ways at ¦ Hay
&. Wright's Alameda • Point shipyard. The
wreck was purchased by C. A.- Hooper & Co.
of this city, who. In addition to having her
thoroughly repaired, have had twenty feet add
ed to her length,. She wilt engage in the coast
lumber trade.' .
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, V JULY 18, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISZiEEUTS.
The Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank ca
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluctr Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 15c each
Cluctt, Pcabody & Co.
| ¦ f 4^ WHAT '
EYES
CURES AIL EYE DISEASES. \^ ' JgbP
IMFUMO EHS. SCALES Oil '"^jftd fSf^
GRANULATION ETC. r*^CZ—A^^
California eunllght. atronr wind* and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Llttls troubles crow.
Murlne la a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doenx't smart.
soothes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Marine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest In the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
__ C UTLERy -
EyEBYJLADE3M\RRANlED
_____ , .
rW^TvX y r>i- *» \\/J \TP_i C " • ) *» i » »«mirJ» »n4 Ttcor
T 1 ' *P XJ-Tjf » drTtai R«»t«r»a»«. T_» a«t
0 tVV^-yjlbcr 'T^\ 8<rt*»aflo Ikutol AppU_ar«
Unricm JiJSJlnt till Belt do**. CmU or Mad tn
this /]\*» «ur "Booxut No. ..* HTWfc ¦>*-:
nret. * * Pierce Electric C«, 33 Wet* Jith
StrMt. S as lork or 206 Po«t St. , Saa mndaccv CU.
School Opens Monday,
Prepare To-Day at Hale's.
Toilet Sundries. School .Dresses
HALE'S Saturday prices talk— For children— >
TOOTH POWDER, Go bottle— GlrarcT s. Sale tO-day, ' SCCQfld flOO!"—
BusiroAM, i9c i»otti»— The best KQc, 95c> $1-50. Remember,
tooth wash. ' ' , r « iit-iJi W*
dentipbict:. iso - Dr. v Sheffield's school opens -Monday and- it s^
Cream Dentifrice. ] as £ chance tO fit the little
TOOTH BRUSH, 25c— Pure white brls- . . ,
ties that stay In; bone handle. f g" 1 ouc * t
Woodland Violet; ammonia without with a ruffled yoke A^lly <££ med
the disagreeable odor; splendid for with Insertion and white braio.
bath and toilet. TXB 95c DBXSSES are of heavy per-
SEA SAX.TM5C bottle— Bradley's. per- <*!«. white pequot collar and shield;
fumed with Woodland violets. : P lnk - blue and o * Wooa -
?ASBMOT COtB CBEAM. 20c— The & ¦» »»ESSES-Of checked Siosha".
regular 25c jars. v with a blouse . front trimmed with
____„,,,« T , _, _\ - Insertion; bishop sleeves and full
MIBROB, 85c— Its round, with a bevel 8klrt s 6 to 14 yea rs.
plate. . .
WHISK BBOOM, 25c— An extra large Qr»hnr*1
one; unusually well made. SCHOOl Z>IOCKing5.
TOH.ET soap, is^c a box— "Savon Chief topic at Hale's to-day.
Lines"; 3 cakes to the box. And a item: to interest
CHAMOIS SXXir, 6c— It's an excellent , .-
quality for the face, and a large mothers. .- '
Plece# . 15c CKXLDBEOT3 STOCnCOTOS, ia*$O
, «. . , y-.. _-. ' —Fine ribbed, fast black, seamless.
- LlSle UlOVeS 50C. heavy, hard-twisted elastic cotton.
NEW— Milanese lisle. double knees: slzes 5% *° 9% * It>8
w , • , . , .. . a splendid school stocking.
-so lay^fe" Ytyle' 3 prophets-then »OK THBEAB STOCmO. 85o pate
tcfnair r at — f \£'Z£ &£%£'££
50c pair. Black only, 2 pearl clasp yarn . fast black and 8ca mles..
—silk embroidered on back— sizes These have extra" double strength.
5/4 to jy 2 . Heavy weight; narrow or wide
• ribbed: sizes 6 to 10.
Dandy Snap, 5c Pkg. 5 oc lace stockings 39c
SUNDAY CANDY— FOB WOMEU — Imported full-fash-
ioned, laoe. lisle, Hermsdorf black
My! Just the sweetest and best dyed; patterns are different; the
mixtures of peanuts, cocoanut, pop- j stockings are fine quality, double
corn and molasses you ever tasted soles, heels and toes; sizes 8 to 10;
— 5c package to-day at Hale's. splendid value at 50c. Share them
CREAM CHOCOLATES 3S c lb. at 39c a paln
Pure cream, tucked up in purest 7tf«^a \/«!1c- Cfl/»
chocolate and at 25c lb. Whoil mlag It? iTiaue VeilS OUC'
Black chiffon, W* yards long.
tf&JBTJ&F *1£7 Trimmed with black silk lace or taf-
Jb/ *~>^&Z ~~~^^^^ these bay breezes. Instead of 75c
¦^*>? >QO G0O<>»^ pay 5OC to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- snd irritations
Redness, Roughness
Prevented by Baths
m a
¦olflthnmcttoattfe* wort*. Cotlcnrt so«t>. »e~ O!»»-
iml, Sfe, k*o!t«nt. Kfe. <ln bra cf ChocoUw Coctac
rj*.5e*. fw Ti«lof«). Dcpatti LooAaa, TT Cbuttr-
k» A*%. Voiter Drv ft Chta. Cart-. Sato fwprtian.
trbmi. tot " Cntrat IUm tm*." ..
And light applications of Cuticura
Ointment, purest and sweetest of
emollients and greatest of skin
cures. For inflammation, and clog-
ging of the pores, the cause of
pimples, blackheads and oily skin,
for summer irritations of the skin,
such as rashes, eczemas, heat, per.
spiration, bites and stings of insects,
sunburn, tan and freckles, soreness
and lameness, no other application
is so soothing, cooling and healing
as a bath with Cuticura Soap, fol-
lowed by gentle anointings with
Cuticura Ointment, purest and
sweetest of emollients arid great-
est of skin cures. .:7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\Ve«.ist I
this- la^dy
jQ^Bffift is wearing
i^/^^Sl sells usually
f r f^m^sx$.z^ g
PRICE SALE
'lllfej TO-DAY QQ4 i
y^:^ ..Usual price of j
0\ \ Walking Skirt
W. \ is wearing
pPi *% A J
IflPRICpSALE day?/i4S|
I Just received an importer's ex- Ifl
ji elusive line of all over lace pat- ill
I terns in Oriental, Antique, Persian [If
II ! and Nottingham designs. That is I
j! . why several hundred of these j
I charming waists fresh' from our
\ own factory will receive their QQ- 1,
I initial showing to-day at .&OC J;|
[| Regular price $2. 00. . Made , of p
sheerest white lawn, .entire front \i
\ of all 0 ver lace, back nea tly tucked, j j
popular bishop sleeves and a neat j
hemstitched collar. j
FINE HEMSTITCHED HAND-
KERCHIEFS on special safe o 1
¦ to-day at . ... " c I
Regular price 10c. Seme have if.
¦ I white -.borders, others, colored. : f.
'. '..'. SHOE S TRING BEL TS on in Ifj
¦ special sale to-day at . . . '"C- ;(;
' The very newest designs. Colors j|;
to suit every • fancy.* ' &
Very fashionable CHIFFON §
• VEILS, iy % yards long; now so pop- 1
ular for hat trimming ,\ on ¦ /o. fl
j{ . special sale to-day at . >. "^" M
I s AH colors; best. Lyons make. SI
» LACE SUMMER CORSETS,
I • *on special -sale to-day nr n I j
' I! ¦ ¦ at .' . . . .' . . ' . . '. ** *J ** If
J Were ; snlendld sellers for, 50c. n !
• | Come In blue and white' only. All I]
) I • • sizes. . . ' ' }i
* Cl-Ctn Is" the. "price placed I
II- OltUU upon our regular $2 I
II W.- B. CORSET. Extended hip. I
II erect form, double side steels. Spe- U
U cially adapted for every figure. All 1
A LADIES' BLACK LISLE HOS-
I] IERY. on special sale to- IQ r
I day at • 'vt
1 Regular Drlce 25c. Fast black. I
II good weight. j
' II LADIES 1 COLORED . HOSIERY, I
| on special sale to-day v at.. .... .lUc |
| Regular price 35c. Made of a su- I
H perlor quality of lisle, double heel
I and toe. I
OUR RIBBON DEPARTMENT is
|j ji a bevy of perfect loveliness. . Here s Ml
I! Just ai few prices quoted for to- III
I 2^ 8^KTA WASH RIB- U
III BON, on sale at. yard. . .. . .. ..5c 111
III 1-lnch wide TAFFETA WASH RIB- II
j| BON, on sale at. yard .13«4o llj
HI Ribbon Bows tied free of charge.' J||
|| Trading stamps given with every fit
Ij purchase. 'llr
I MARKS BROS. I
R 1220-22-24 MARKET S TREET |||
| Between ' Taylor and Jones streets. IB
j| • Bend for our Illustrated Catalogue. (I