Sunday Call
Christmas Number
THE MUSIC OF THE KING
(looked on earth as she pursued
With thrifty husbandry
Her faithful toil, but she too
Indifferent to me.
Around were teat^y.prder.wort,
But noneto~ understand
My aching' heart,- and so I
• craved
The touch of human hand
And ; ever let us .Icnow-fte low;
ti ThM Chrtetrriastide dolh brine.
) Dear Christ of God, pure Child
r of heaven,
% "To TTiyrude manger bed,
isifby magic sympathy,
The-sohs^okmen are led.
0 lay thy quickening touch on us,
That living we may be;
.Shine'Thou on ; us. that we may
ishine :]'•"
. ;Wi.th;light-:lhat.come5froiD
- Thea : :
ourheart$:may,Iean> .
(looked above one Christmas eve, ' I
the s^tars were shining bright;
1 marked their order wonderful yet coldly shone their Dght
Hun straight upon the star-fit- night I heard the angels sfog->
>Thc Son of God, the Son of Man, of human hearts the King, 11nytO injunctions of the scriptures
I \| or of other books embodying
I y.the higher moral' Ideals , v of the
V. race cut athwart, the native in
stincts of the human heart quite ' so
decidedly as the admonitions to culti
vate the virtue of universal benevo
lence. To be sure, we talk loudly
about the brotherhood of man, but
ouif beautiful words are "not always
matched by. beautiful deeds. Church
people are too often disposed to limit
the obligation of love to those within
their own fold whom they unctuously
call"brethren" and even then it is no
guarantee because a man belongs to
a church that he loves his fellow
member In the next pew.- Socialists
and trade unionists proclaim in swell
ing tones the same great doctrine of
brotherhood, but if you attend their
meetings and especially If you watch
their, behavior week In and week out,
you will quickly conclude that they
have no Intention of loving the mil
lionaires.
And as respects the rank and file of
us we, too, are obliged to confess that
while theoretically we are 'well dis
posed to everybody wa find it exceed*,
ingly hard to apply our > Ideas of uni
versal benevolence to concrete cases.
The world Is wide and full of people
and even in our little world we en
counter those"for' whom we do not
care; a rap. Some of our acquaint
ances, we have good reason to be
lieve, are thoroughly corrupt Some
are surly and mean. Others are ob
jectionable, so far as we know, from
the moral standpoint, but they do not
appeal to us. In fact, to be perfectly
honest, they bore us. We remember
the young man's reply who after he
had listened to his friend's long and
enthusiastic and detailed commenda
tion of the girl whom that friend
thought he ought to marry, replied,
"I hay* no doubt that every word you
say is true, but the simple fact Is I
don't like her."* • * -
One can, indeed, if he will, love all
men in the sense of wishing them well,
of seeking their highest interests, of
serving them as he has opportunity.
And we ought to be particularly care
ful to be true and fair and kind, or. In
other words, to love those whom we
think we do not like. Who knows, but
what, if we persist In loving them, we
shall in due time com* to like them
too. - THE PARSON.
MUST WE LIKE EVERYBODY?
custom prevails among the Creoles of
Kodiak and Sltka in Alaska. The
prominent music with them in their
nocturnal procession on this occasion is
the Church Kondaklon in tone the
third: "To-day the virgin beareth him
who is above all essence, and earth
offereth the inaccessible a cave. Angels
with shepherds glorify, and the Magi
Journey with the star. For our sake
he hath been born a little child— he God
before the worlds."
On Christmas day we worship the
child and son. but what of the virgin,
the handmaid Mary? Mother— she, too,
is glorified, she Is crowned the Queen of
Saints. A number of tourists in this
country have seen the old wooden
cathedral In the old town of Sltka,
Alaska. In a chapel thereof they have
seen the beautiful copy of Our Lady of
Kazan. The original of this Madonna
is treasured in the beautiful Kazanskl
Sobor in St Petersburg on the Nevskl
Prospect, midway between Nikolaevskl
railway station and the Annltchkln
Palace. The miraculous Madonna was
found several hundred years ago by a
little girl in the outskirts of the city of
Kazan. The erems and hand-beaten
robes of gold with which it is orna
mented (the faces and hands being: left
open) are of Inestimable value. The
copy in Sltka cannot be compared in
wealth of material worth, but the
painting 'is far superior. The humble
monk or nun who accomplished this
work may never be known, The Ma-
There is a pretty custom in the sev
eral provinces of Little Russia, in which
children take the chief part at Christ
mas time. On the eve, when night has
the place. As a matter of course the
children are stowed with all the goodies
that the country can afford.
Strange as It may appear, this same
to the breakfast table. Be it plum pud
ding or turkey, each and both will be
digested better with" a little "side" of
readable matter. I presume I am per
mitted to leave the fathers of ages and
to say aomethlnff of the children of to
day, yes the 'children of the living
world. Is this not the season 'of chil
dren?
set in, the lads of the community, pre
viously clubbed together for the occa
sion, go about from house to house with
a brightly decorated star, in the center
of which is an illuminated picture of
the nativity. The star revolving around
the scene of the place of Christ's birth,
the delighted children sing their bright
carols to the pleasure of every' one in
donna of Sltka is a pearl of Russian
ecclesiastical art, which cannot Nut
strike every lover of pure and holy"^*.
The countenances of the Virgin and of
the Holy Child are "sweeter than tb»,
radiance of stars" and the mildest llg&7
It was a true artist's brush that pro
duced this heavenly face of ineffable
mildness. The charm and novelty of
the ecclesiastical type lies in its entire
harmony .with the reverential purity of
true religious Inspiration.
Th*Vlrgln and Child of dgnani, the
Holy Family of Morando. the touching
portrayals of Jesus* divine childhood by
Dolci, the unspeakably ingenuous treat
ment of the same sacred subject by the
immortal Murillo. the severe simplicity
of Peruglno, the various version* of the
same theme under the bold brush of
that great genius, Raphael Sanzo, from
his Madonna Delia Sedla to that of San
Sisto— all these are immense and
matchless creations, the pride and glory r
of the painter's craft; yet even after -
having admired and enjoyed those I
priceless gems, one will still be able to
look on this modest product of Russian I
ecclesiastical art with a serene and.,
prayerful feeling, subdued by the lofti
ness of the orthodox type, the concen
trated force which lies In Its very gen- I
tleness. The traveler In the . distant I
lands of waterfalls and cataracts will
feel compelled to say, as he stand-in
the Kazan chapel of the cathedralSrt
Sltka: Although the Sistlne Madonna
stands supreme In the world of paint- a
Ing, still the orthodox Madonna of
Sltka. has a divine beauty of fctr ova.
Ban Fraaciaco, Nor. 89, Utt.
The Evangelist Matthew repeatedly
observes that all the circumstances and
events which signalized the birth upon
earth of our Incarnate God and Savior
Jesus Christ •were, not merely a con
currence of circumstances and tevents,
but were an exact fulfillment of prophe
tical predictions. An observation this,
Important not only to the Jews — who
¦would net view even that which might
be examined by the natural eye, other
wise than through the vision glass of
the prophets— but also to every one
who wishes to discover the workings
of Providence In the entangled paths of
men. ar.d to discern the hand of God
in the events of the world. Is it not
evidently a work of God, when some
thing foretold several years ago is ex
actly fulfilled? And, above all, when
that is fulfilled, which, according to
ordinary ideas and calculations, seemed
impossible cf fulfillment?
As thoush she stood befora his eyes,
does Isaiah point to the most blessed
Virgin Mary, behold, a virgin; at a
ttme, when not only this virgin herself,
but even her parents and her.fore
fathers, had not as yet come into the
world: behold, says he. a. virgin shall
be with child and shall bring forth a
son. TVhat sayest thou. O Prophet?
Can a virgin conceive? Can she, who
giveth birth, still be a virgin? If this
be possible, then how can it be accom
plished in the nation to whom thou
foretellest this event? If even it be ful
filled, then how can this be the sign,
the evident and trustworthy sign,
which thou foretellest? The Lord him
self chall give you a sign (Isaiah ylt,
1<). If thou dost indeed see this daugh
ter of David, to whom thou pointest
saying, behold a virgin; if thon seest
bcr in the far distant from the birth-
On a. clear Christmas night in the
Holy Lard, if you look you can see
in the heavens the Polar star, which
by a direct line may bring you to the
Arctic Circle. But it Is very unhospl
table there in December, and so we
shall make our stop near by In Moscow
with 1.0C0.000 inhabitants to warm the
great city.
On this holy day the numerous
churches are continuously filled with
dense crowds "of the flock." According
to Bishop Grafton.- who recently visited
RuEFia. three-fourths' of the great con
gregation are men. (See B, Gr.'s letter
published in the "Living Church" of
Milwaukee during the first part of No
vember.) Moscow, with her historical
Kremlin; Moscow, with all her works
of valor, defeat and victory; Moscow,
with her saints, is to-day the heart of
orthodoxy.
Here, in modern times, lived the great
man Philaret. He was the great Bishop
of a great city. He flourished between
23 and 09 oT {.he XIX century. This
old man, but young philosopher, thus
taught or.e Christmas day:
**~N ELLS In the early morn. In \ii*
YJ frosty air. resounding far over
/jh>| the tablelands of Herzegovina,
\^y The roads are thick with groups
of brightly dressed peasantry. "Christos
se rodi:" (Christ is born) Is the univer
sal greeting.
Bang! Bang! Flutters by on horse
back the Herzegovinian, his silver
mounted long pistols still smoking from
beneath his decorated wide girdle. The
Serbian hearty "volstlnu se rodi" (in- '
deed he Is born) Is the response in every'
quarter. Be It the spirited Montenegrin
or the sedate Bosnian, to either, who
¦worship in the Orthodox Catholic
church, the collects and carols of this
blessed season are alike appealing and
the effect Is unifying, harmonious. .
"O Christ, our God, upon the world
thy birth hath shlned the light of
knowledge; for at It they that served'
the stars were taught by a star to wor
ship thee, the sun of righteousness, and
to kno-w thee. the daysprlng from on
high. Glory to thee, O Lord."
This Troparlon chanted in tone. the
fourth Is the same note of celebration
for the faithful In Egypt or in Syria.
General Lewis Wallace might have
enrichd with more history, and might
have more abundantly adorned with
the oriental gorgeous and subtile imagi
nation the good chapter on the Magi
in his Ben-Hur. Jerusalem was the,'
place of meeting and Bethlehem was
the destination of the wlse<men from
the Far East, who studied the 6tars
and the heavens. They hailed from
Persia, Arabia and Ethiopia. They
were the three • Princes — Melchlor. old
ar.d gray, with long hair and long
beard, v.ho brought . gold unto the
Lord King; the second was. Caspar,
young, with beardless glowing face — he
offered incense to God Incarnate; the
third was Baltazar, dark and hairy— he
gave mvrrh to the child Jeeus, as to
mortal — the Son of Man.
keeps turning over the flre a lamb or
a pig which is meat for the morrow.
Black coffee is served. The vigil is clos
ing. Just at the break of, dawn the
bells sound the hour for matins and the
people go to church.- Most of the ,
women, who previously have been to
holy communion, return after matins to
prepare the 'repast, while the men In
a body remain for .the celebration of the
Holy Eucharist. -"After the feast the
young enjoy their, open air games, es
pecially the ring dance, which is made .
up of momke and devojke— lads aud
maids. The old smoke and chat
Here is the border line of Bulgaria.
Shall we step across to say merry
Christmas to the more than 14,000 inno- '
cents? These children are In danger
of being slaughtered as lambs when the
spring comes. The Mussulman army
even now is nigh at hand. Should the
Slavic prove to have a backbone and a
human will— many hundred thousands
Mohammedan - fanatics will come over
from Asia willingly. • It is difficult to
believe that the population of Bulgaria
are lgnorants as might be suggested by
their poverty. One of our best com
mentaries on the New Testament be
longs to St Theofllaktus of Bulgaria.
A trip to Byzantium is worth thei
while. Would you have me show you
Constantinople? Ah, I am sorry', but
a single view is beyond my ability to V
portray its grandeur. Here Jsthefpul-.'
pit of the sublime Chrysostom. Christ
mas Matins. The slender figure of ihe *
Saint ascends. The choir chants thf,"
last ode of the canon in all the beauty
of the Greek classic tongue:. "A mys
tery strange and ;*- wondrous I behold.
The cave is heaven, the .virgin Is the
throne of cherubim, the manger is the
place where the incomprehensible is
laid, Christ our God. whom, singing, we
magnify." /.'*.'
Ah, that the heavenly music would •
resound once more In the Cathedral'Df
St SoDhia. I believe the Greeks no
longer trust to the friendship of the
Turks. "We need not recall the strug
gle of their kingdom with the Ottoman
empire last year. We find ourselves
again about Stamboul. It may be In a*
different form of existence and " In a
different mode of crushing and annlhl- ¦
lating; still they suffer. We £aye not
far to go to recall how Gregory, the
Patriarch, was hung at his door on
Easter day. Many' other eminent men
were put to death In Adrlanople, Cy
prus, the Ionian Islands, in Anatolia
and Mount Athos in the same year of
1821. /
Although the unwelcome stranger is
in their home, yet I feel/at home with
the fathers, who on Christmas day, as
so many trumpets of the Divine Spirit,
poured forth such volumes of profound
lore, with such divine reasoning clothed
in the rhetoric of the golden age,', and ,
who only commenced the eulogy— that
shall pass beyond the expression of hu
man speech— when mankind, let us
. hope, will be something more than
human; the homily and praise on the
occasion of the nativity of Jesus Christ,
which will ever go on, world without
end. to enrich the inquiries of reason
concerning the little babe. Among such
commence™ were the holy fathers—
Cyril of Jerusalem, Eustathius of An
tloch and Athanasius of Alexandria.'
I must be pardoned if I have forgot- 1
ten the reader. The appetite should be
considered if one takes the newspaper
place of David, and despised Nazareth,
, an orphan, poor, and with no marks
of her royal descent, espoused to a car
penter, then tell us, how shall the Lord
give that sign, that she should appear
a vlrjcln of the line of David, giving
birth to her child In the house and In
the city of David, namely, as another
prophet appointed. In Bethlehem?
Bee, then, how faithfully the Lord
himself answers for the truth of the
prophecy: The Holy Ghost came upon
Mary, and the power of the Highest
overshadowed her (St. Luke 1., 35); and
she conceived, being still a virgin; and
having become the mother of the son,
nevertheless remained a virgin. In or
der that those who were unacquainted
with the mystery of this conception
should not be able to malign' her who
had conceived, she was betrothed to her
husband before that conception; and
that to every healthy mind this Elgn of
the Lord mlg,ht be clear, that a virgin
had conceived without a husband, the
conception followed the espousals, even
before they came together ' (St. Matt.
1:24), even before Joseph took unto him
his wife <SL Matt 1:19) Into his house.
To Joseph himself an angel was sent
to reveal this mystery, and to show him
this sign, so that he should not remain
in doubt: while to others, who could
neither see nor hear angels, a no less
trustworthy witness of the sign and
herald of the .mystery was given in
the person of Joseph himself, who was
known to all as a Just man (St. Matt.
1:19), and therefore was unable to de
ceive people, and still less able to slan
der God and the Holy Spirit. • • •
A comfortable coach on a fact train
will now take us a distance of many
hundred miles In a very few days, and,
If we choose, we may get out either at
Nlshe or Uskub. from where, if we
brave the attempt to trudge the high
ways, we may soon be among the vil
lages of Macedonia. Christmas in
Macedonia was never a holiday of toys,
nor a feast, only for the young, and
surely this year is not a bright excep
tion. The unfortunate people of this
sad country, represented mainly in Its
serious men, now perhaps more faith
fully than ever before, chant the an
gelic doxolosy: "Glory to God in the
highest, and on earth peace, goodwill
to men," in their churches plundered
by the Albanians, with undoubting
faith in the might of the little child of
Bethlehem, Jesus in the manger .with
out a home.
This Slavonic people commence their
Christmas with the 6unset of the 24th
of December, according to the Julian
calendar, when they go to church for
vespers. , After the service they go to
their homes, which they neatly fix up
in holiday order, decorated with greens;
then they light a pure beeswax candle
before a sacred picture of the nativity
of our Lord, or before the image of the
patron saint of the family, as the case
may be. This is usually superintended
by the mother and ttie female portion*
of the household, while the boys or
young men bring in fresh straw, which
they lay abundantly upon the floor,
after which they light the fire in an
open hearth with the flre taken from
the blessed candle. Now food is brought
and supper is served In a plate which
each one holds In his lap, sitting In the
straw upon the floor. No flesh meat or
Ash is eaten, but usually a porridge; a
small cake flour fried in olive oil with
currants is customary; dried figs and
different kind of nuts are also In abun
dant supply. ¦.
During the repast the father of the
family, or the old man of the com
munity, goes out and soon comes back
with a log, or with the trunk of a
young tree, which he lays over the flre.
All the men present'do likewise in turn.
This la the t "Badnlak," or yule log.
"When It is not a branch with greens,
It Is decorated. The "Domachln," or'
host, pours a little wine over the Bad
nlak. besprinkles it with a little grain,
then wlBiiini alt present a ' merry
Christmas, they partake of the wine.
While they Quietly elt 'upon the straw
one of their number takes up the gusli
(one of the most primitive . musical'In
struments . known to mankind) and
without book or writing relates In a
melancholy tone long and complete his
tories .of his people, but on this occa
sion more chants are devoted to the
holy child,' who was this night laid in
the manger. In the meantime another
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI^-CHRISTMAS NUMBER."
THE MADONNA OF ALASKA
A TALE OF THE GREEK
RUSSIAN CHURCH IN MANY LANDS.
2WITH A FOURTH REEF
He helped her acoartf. aod they went
heeling out over the bay. Frisby, un
der four reefs, followed. His face,
still hard and set, gave no hint of tho
tumult in his mind. With the tiller in
one hand ' and the straining sheet In
the other \ he followed Drake's cat
boat across the bay.- He could see the
spray come over; her bows in bucketfuls
as the wash struck her, and with every
flaw she lay over until her boom dipped.
He saw Harriet close to Drake In the
cockpit, and once, when the flaw heeled
them over more .than j usual, he heard
the girl's little scream and her nervous
laughter after it. He shut his teeth. -
. "Don't wonder the papers get plenty
of scare-head drownings," he growled.
"It's such girls as she makes 'em," be
added bitterly.
At the other tido of the BtCo bay
they came about and headed for Dm
open sea. Frisby followed suit. De
spite his extra reef, he held his own
with them. When they -passed the
point the full strength of tho gale
struck thorn. - They had gone but a
short distance when a flaw boro down
upon them. Frisby was looking anx
iously ahead at the moment.
He saw Drake endeavor to lot bis
sheet run, and at the same moment
he saw the sheet had Jammed is one
of the blocks. In a second Drake's
catboat was over.
Frisby ran alongside, cattghf sight
of a brown ¦ head in tho water and
pulled Harriet aboard. Drake was no
where to be seen. For several anxious
moments he waited. Then | from under
the sail Drake's white face came to
the surface. Frisby ran forward and
managed to get a hold on the hair.
For a ha art- breaking minute It seemed
the sea would tear Its prey from him,"
but grimly he kept his hold, and final-,
Iy landed the unconscious man on the
deck beside him.
Wa efforts to get dear of the sail
had exhausted Drake. He lay In the
cockpit, , white . and breathing faintly.
Frisby came about and started back.
Ho turned to the girl, his eyes blaming.
"Take the tiller and k»ep this
oourse," he said harshly. "Ease off
tho sheet when it flaws. I guess
you've done for him," he added brutal
ly, as he bent over Drake.
He worked over the .unconscious
man, and when at last tho eyelids
opened waverlngly, he put his brandy
flask between Drake's teeth. Then he
turned to the girl. 8he stood heroic
ally at the tiller, wet, disheveled and
shivering pitifully, while great tears
rolled down her cheeks.
"Keep yourself together," Frisby said
sharply. "Better take some brandy.'*
,¦ She shook her head miserably. Frisby
caught the tiller and held out tha" flask.
"Take it," he said shortly. Meekly
she obeyed.
They rounded tho point again, and la
the shelter of the bay the force of the
gale was materially diminished. Frisby
(Copyright, 19C3. by Sidney H. Cole.
-— =3^— — >=3 ARRIET ATHER
'^&~~&ifi&Q!$ TON ' 6tood on the end
rW -rr IkI of the frail llttIe pler *
(^i/ow^^^H looking over the
ftK§S^i js 7 1 choppy water of the
; T^s5*ii»'VsL» h bay flecked wlth an -
gry, hissing white
caps. Save for these
touches of white the water had taken
on the leaden hue of the low clouds
which hung the sky. The wind
whipped her 6kirts about smartly and
took untoward liberties with her hair,
blowing a vagrant I own strand now
this way, cow that, in charming aban
don, and bringing the color to her
cheeks and the eparkle to her eyes
the thought of a sail in wind and
water like this.
On either side of the pier was a cat
boat, triple reefed, and in either cat
boat was a young man prepared to
buffet the gale In the open water out-
"Am I going out?" cried Harriet, In
response to a query from Stanley
Drake. "Indeed I am. It'll be gor
geous. Rail under; shower-bath with
every sea, and glorious shivers every
time she heels to a flaw. You don't
imagine I'd let a chance like this go
by, do you?"
"And who's the lucky man?" called
paring to start with three reefs.
"Three reefs, and Til go with you,"
she said to Frisby. _.
"I'm afraid you wont go. then," he
said calmly, as he continued tying the
stops. "This Is a four-reef sephyr."
"I'm going out with three reefs," she
said impatiently. /
"Not with me." he remarked with a
John Frisby from the other boat.
"I believe I'm scheduled for your su
percargo. Jack," she laughed.
"All right," he said, "I'll be ready tn
a trice."
He scrambled from the cockpit and
began to put another reef in. the sail.
"What's that for?" «she asked
sharply.
"You," he answered simply. "I'm not
taking any chances If you are going."
"If you won't ~ take me along just as
you were going yourself I won't go,"
she announced:
"I should have put In the fourth reef
anyway," he said.
Her lips curved disdainfully. She
looked at Drake's sail. He was pre-
firmness that surprised her.
She had known Jack Frisby for five
years, and during those five years her
word had been law to him. She had
never seen him like this before. It
piqued her pride, and a stubborn gleam
came Into her eyes.
"You're afraid," she mocked.
"I am," he assented cheerfully.
"Then I shall go with some one who
isn't timid."
Frisby said nothing, but in deter
mined fashion continued his reefing.
Drake was all ready to start.
"Oh, Stanley," she called, "I think
I'll go with you, may I?"
"Come on," said Drake, with a grin
in Frisby's direction.
¦ —
looked at the huddled figure of t2t» girl
beside him. He saw she was lobfetixg.
A sudden contrition gi tinted him.
"Good Lord!" ha grasped, **I didst
know I was sueh a brut*— that is, Z
didn't know It would coma to th» sur
face In this way."
"I— I always wanted yoa ts> stand oat
against my— my foolish wtoa," sh*
said, "and whaa you did— 4 was angry
—because you did what Z wanted you
to do. Jack."
The last word et^na m a too* of
pathetic entreaty. Frlsby*a pulse quick
ened.
"I've asked yoa a hundred times) to
marry me," he said. "Now X demand
It."
"I'm too wicked to marry anybody,"
she said.
"You're not." he replied sternly.
"I'll marry you, anyway," she said
softly.
Drake coughed weakly and rated
himself on an elbow.
"Where am X?" he asked.
"In a beat with four r*afa, t&aak
heaven," Friiby replied.
to know very little that was good et
beautiful. In fact, the favorite game
of the little ones was " 'stilling," in
which, copying their elders, certain of
the boys and girls built imitation dis
tilleries in tho woods. Others were sup
posed to be officers of the law, and
raided the " 'still," smashing it to
pieces. The proprietors were arrested
and put in a place called "JalL" After
a short interval the prisoners were lib
erated, and immediately, went back Into
the pretended manufacture of "moon
shine," ¦ and the game repeated Itself
on the same lines.
The community knew little of real
happiness, and a great deal of down
right misery existed. Several murders
had been committed and other outrages
£ £ T NDIANA, Tve just been thlnk-
I ing 'way back to the time I
I fust eavr ycu. Tou was hoeing
corn, and I was leaning on the
•«nak.e* fence, watching you for a long
time before you looked out from under
your big poke bonnet and eaw me. Tou
worked as well as any man with that
hoe, and you was so cheerful-like that
I said to myself right then and there.
That's the wife for me. If she'll have
me.' And you did take me, though you
was only 13 then, 'for better, for wus
eer,' mostly 'wusser* at fust. But
things has changed a heap since the
'squire yoked us for life in the middle
of the road down by Uncle Roberts'.
You've been a good wife, as I reckoned
you would be. And now, as Christmas
comes again, I feel happy clear through,
for we know what Christmas means
now, don't we, Indiana?"
So epake Columbus Smith as he sat
In the doorway of his log cabin home in
the settlement of Possum Trot, far
away from the railway, in the midst
cf the Allegheny Mountains, a. portion
of our land that is popularly known as
the "Moonshine country," from the
fact that it has produced a great deal
of Illicit whisky, distilled at night for
fear cf the "revenue" officers.
Columbus Smith had been a wild,
reckless boy and young man, fond of
his gun, which had helped him earn
the title of the "crack ehot of the
county." His dog and a bottle also
were his constant companions, even
when he went to "meeting." Religion
furnished him with opportunities for
i varying his excitements. When the
meetings lagged or otherwise met with
his disapproval, he was a ringleader
among those who were ready to break
up the services. One of his most mo
cessful exploits in this line was ac
complished In the following manner:
Early one morning he, with three oth
ers, had collected a number of lengths
of old stovepipe and several pieces of
heavy scrap iron. These were ingen
iously fastened together and then
placed on the beams above the celling
in the "meeting house." A hole was
bored In the front and another In the
back of the upper part of the building.
Wires were attached to the mass of old
metal so that It could be pulled back
ward and forward over the beams
above the audience below. That night
es the "Campbellite" brother was in
the midst of a vivid portrayal of the
terrors of the infernal regions, a mys
terious and terrific din, which made the
house tremble, caused men, women and
children, in an agony of fear, to rush
screaming from the building. A search
was made for the offenders, who could
be arrested if caught, but the wires
reached to the woods before and behind
the "meeting house" so that the two
pairs of young mischief makers were
concealed and safe. When the preacher
began again the noise recommenced
until finally, in despair, the congrega
tion was dismissed.
For several weeks after his marriage
Smith had settled down to hard work.
Then back again he went to the old
wild life, and was often away days at
a time. His wife knew his absence had
something to do with the "moonshine"
whisky business. In a few years there
were twelve little Smiths. Four times
twins had come into the family, and
four times the little strangers had ar
rived singly. The settlement of Pos
sum Trot for many years had had an
evil reputation-. No one seemed to de
sire, or look for, the coming of better
things. The children were growing up
In the simple, practical life that was
held up before -them. A school was
started. which the newcomers— Mr. and
Mrs. Best— taught. In the past twenty
years school had been . held but six
weeks. Very few had learned to read
print and not one In the place could
write. Following the school came a
church, In the "raising" all hands had
Joined. A new 'Interest was manifest.
A new era had dawned for Possum
Trot.
Columbus Smith and Indiana, his
wife, were among the first to enter the
membership of the little church. The
woman's face lost Its worn and weary
expression, taking on a new and spir
itual beauty. The man was now as In
tense In his desire to do good as he had
formerly been active in evil. Literally
like his Master, he went about doing
good dally. The wildest of bis 'old
companions. at first doubted the reality
and permanency of the change. But
when they were convinced that their
former companion would follow their
ways no longer they decided to "get
some fun out of him." The plot was
carefully concealed and the time for
Its execution set for Christmas eve,
and It was Christmas eve when Colum
bus Smith spoke the words recorded at
the beginning of this story: "We know
what Christmas means now, don't we,
Indiana?" The sun was setting In
glory behind the hazy hills and the
light shed Its radiance upon the father
and mother and their children as they
were grouped at the cabin door. When,
the sun had disappeared they all
dropped to their knees and the father
poured out his heart In gratitude and
love for, all the joy and sunshine that
had come Into their hozae since they
had known the Savior, whose birthday
they were to celebrate on the morrow.
Quietly they went to their beds in the
one room of the cabin and quickly they
all fell asleep. Toward midnight • the
father awoke, feeling that he had
heard sounds coming from the direction
of his barn and orchard. He listened
anxiously, . for Christmas eve was a
time of riotous dissipation In that
mountain country. Suddenly the report
of a rifle rang out and a bullet crashed
through the walL Rapid firing followed
and the children began to cry. For a
moment the old spirit of anger and re
venge gained the upper hand, and,
springing: from his bed. Smith reached
for his rifle. Then, with the loaded
weapon in his hand, he paused and the
spirit of Christ spoke to him, The rifle
was put back over the door with the
words. "I can't use you against those
for 'whom Christ died, when it's Just
the hour when he was born."
Frightened by the quiet in the cabin
rod fearing they had killed some or
all of the Smfths. the crowd broke up
and made for their homes. When the
light of the birthday of . the Prince of
Peace came flooding over the moun
tains and valleys the Smith family one
by one came out of the cabin and gazed
upon a scene of desolation. The fences
were wrecked, the fruit trees had been
chopped down and the horse which
had beea sheared or deprived of tail
and mane presented a ludicrous and
pathetic spectacle. And this was Christ
mas day', Mrs. Smith brought from
the. house a bullet she. had found In
the bed of the' younger children. Co
lumbus breathed hard, and then began
to examine the footprints on the
ground. "Indiana," he said, "hare's the
track of big Bud Bruce and he was at
the head of this fuss, I'm dead certain."
The sharp eye of the mountaineer en
abled him to know accurately the
make-up of tho party that had brought
all this trouble and loss. What could
ha do? Yes, It was Christmas day.
With his hands over his face, Colum
bus Smith sat and struggled. Through
the storm of his thoughts came one
word, faint at first, and then louder.
and the word was "forsrive." Hand In
hand,, husband and wife walked back
and forth before their little place. By
and by the frightened children noticed
an eager, happy look on their parents*
faces, and presently the father called.
"Talmadge, put the bridle on old Bun
comb and come here." and as the ex
cited youngsters gathered In a pushing
group Columbus Smith spoke:
"Children, ma and I has decided wo
must some way have a happy Christ
mas and we are going to Invite tho
whole settlement to celebrate with us.
"We've got a heap of pies and pork and
sorghum, and I reckon some win brtns
'snacks' with them. Talmadge can rlda
up all the coves and call out the In
vite and the rest of us will clear up
and get ready for company. And. Tal
madge, don't forget to ask Bud Bruce
and his friends. We want everybody."
And the? came. The news* of the
night had spread. Many had already
decided to talk It over at headquarters.
To stay away would be a sure Indica
tion of guilt. The guilty ones were
troubled. What could It mean? They
met and talked It over. The result was
that they declared "Smith has always
been a kindly sort of a fellow. We'll
do the right thing by him now." They
forthwith "chipped in** and an old salt
bag was nearly filled with money, for
every pocket was emptied. With other
gifts, including wild turkeys, squirrels,
cornmeal, potatoes, the trouble makers
of the night before Joined their neigh
bors in the big party at Smith's. Mr.
and Mrs. Best were there, and after
games and songs Mr. Best told the
story of the birth of the Savior. "Men,"
he said. In closing his remarks, "Jesus
lived a beautiful life, but not an easy
one, He was cursed, whipped, spit
upon, tormented. Ton know he always
fprgave those who were mean to him.
His life was full of peace and joy. All
who came to know him were made bet
ter. Friends, one and all, to-day we
know that Christ has come to our set
tlement. The message Christ brings la
that God forgives and pardons even hla
enemies. This is what makes Christ
mas Joyous. Here in our settlement
to-day there Is forgiveness and there 1*
happiness."
There were tears In many syesv and
big Bud Bruce elbowed hSa way
through the crowd and threw hi* arm*
around Columbus Smith and shouts and
sobs were mingled and handshakings
began fn all directions. Thus the glad
dest Christmas season Possum Trot
had ever seen ended with a feast and
a fellowship that win never be forgot
ten'
jw frouuout. One spring mernins; a
kail mas and t nreet tend woman
'suddenly appeared on the teen* and
moved into an abandoned schoolhousa.
The Possum Trotters soon found out
that these strangers came from a dis
tant State. Later on It was discovered
that the newcomers were sent and sup
ported by some people In far-away Cal
ifornia. The strangers began to visit
from house to house. In a quiet yet
oonvincing way the people were told
that a happier life could be theirs If
they would study, the life of .One' who
came Into the world long ago with a
wonderful message of good news. The
people . gathered at the house of the
strangers, at first from curiosity, but
gradually ttiare aroat a deep Interest
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL-CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
By Sidney H. Cole
SUNSHINE IN THE MOONSHINE COUNTRY
3IT was called an "open winter" in
Western Iowa, In a year late in
the '70s. Up to the Christmas holi
days there had been no freezing
weather. The swamps and marshes
were brimming 'full from late rains
and the roads were almost bot
tomless mud in v many places. Rank,
decaying vegetation was every
where. As a consequence, dlph-
"I wish I were," Z remarked tenta
tively. . i
"You do well *n*ugh as you ar*.
It isn't always th* handsomest men
that are the best I remember that I
admired most about Teddy waa that
he could wiggle his ears and move
his scalp."
A suspicion earn* to m*. "How Ions;
age was that T" I asked sternly.
"Oh, I don't know. It was the sum
mer I was 10." .. ;¦
Another pans* while I meditated and
stole glances at Phyllis. How lovely
sh* was— brown hair, Inclined to curl;
brown ey*s with a little glint of gold in
them, brown skin with a ting* of heal
thy red; small, slender, captivating.
"Phyllis." I said suddenly, "I hav*
been wanting; to ask you for a Ions
time. I— I— what's th* use of putting
me off? I— I— >• "
She rose hastily. "I had nearly for
gotten Juanlta, daughter *f Juan.
I—"
"Hang th* daughter of Juanl" I ex
claimed. "I want an answer. You don't
need a lifetime to consider. Phyllis,
dear, don't, you know what I am trying
to say? Can't you help a fellow out a
(ODprrfCfei. INI. I=» Wrtf1»t-EUn»<m.>
BELIEVE In *om*
'rf-M^r-^~£r* signs," said Phyllis,
Arv^D^vrl ¦P e * km * *° r th * flnt
mrl dirrog the oon
tfiffilm venation. We turned
1 ikS&m ®sK *° ner totxaliinrfy.
j^jjg^gfrffi "What onesT" ask
¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦bbssbI ed Aunt Myra, sug
gestively.
Phyllis held up her embroidery frame
tt suppose that's what it was) and
looked critically at her work. She
pulled the linen a little; she frowned a
little. Phyllis is charming when she
smiles, and Just then I discovered that
she Is delightful when sh* frowns—
that la, when she does not frown at
me.
"I hare done that stitch y^tt well,"
she remarked complacently. "I will
chow my work to Juanlta, daughter of
Juan." and she left the veranda.
"That child!" scolded Aunt Myra,
"instead of sitting quietly here in the
shade, she must toll through the heat
to learn drawn work of that old Mex
ican. 8he has forgotten her sunshade,
too!"
"I will take it to her," I said, run-
Bin* down th* step*. It behooved m*
to b« helpful to Aunt Myra; for It was
only after much cajolery that sh* had
taken me as a summer boarder on hmx
ranch, bordering on the desert, and
bounded on three sides by foothills.
Half way to the cabin of Juanlta ar*
a log and a sycamore tree. We sat
down.
"Is ther* anything more beautiful
than this dear old desert, with Its sago
brush and cacti T" sh* began. "Look I
See that dear, cunning little lizard!
Oh. he has lost his tall!" ¦
"He will grow another," I answered
cheerfully. "Yes. there Is something;
more beautiful then the desert. You
are."
"How amusing your comparisons
are," bantered Phyllis, turning her
brown eyes sideways on me. "That's
like your saying that you admire that
Japanese death urn more than the In
dian bowl when I asked you if you
were Interested In Indian pottery."
"Well, you can't deny that It was far
handsomer," I persisted.
"Of course," impatiently. "But ther*
Is no comparison. It's like comparing a
piano and a cook stov*."
"Bay. Phyla*, what signs do y*u b*-
H*v* inT T*u fwrg** t* tali us."
"IB the lov* vine."
I hated to sh*w my Ignorance after
her rather sever* criticism *n my
comparisons, s* Z folded my hands
and waited. In a moment sh* con
tinued:
"You know if you pot a little scrap
•f love vin* on a bush and jrvu nam*
It for somebody you oar* far and it
lives, why, if s a sign that he loves
you; and if it doesn't live, he doesn't
love you."
"Ah I" I breathed responslvely.
"I tried It ono*. Tvddy and I each
got a piece — '*
"Who's T*ddyf I growled.
"Oh, a man. W* each got a piec*
and put them on a nice, green bush.
We named them each other's name*
and If they grew we were to marry.**
A pause, while I dug my heel sav
agely int* the sand.
"Well, why dont you ask If they
grew?"
"Of course they grewl" Z muttered.
"They did not grow," sh* said firm
ly, "and s* I did not marry Teddy.
He was very handsome," she sighed.
littler" I halt** and wtp*d my p*r
spiring brow.
•1 think you ar* trying to ask m« If
I won't try th* sign of th* lor* Yin*
with you," she answ*r*d sw**tly.
"Why, of course I will."
So, s> trifle sulkily, I wont across th*
hot, whit* sand, and Phyllis went with
me, picking her way daintily over th*
rocks, avoiding the cactus plants,
which, though engaging enough to
call forth rare adjectives from Phyllis,
were not desirable at elos* quarters.
Here, luxuriantly grew the dodder, a
parasite, clinging and golden; a thief
and a murderer of the plant on which
It feeds. We each tor* 1 off a piece and
went back to th* sycamore.
"We will put it right her* on this
bush," she said. "You see there Is none
for yards around, so we can't make
any mistake. We won't coma here for
a week, and then we win come togeth
er and see if It has lived."
"And if it hasr
"if It has," she said shyly, and if
Phyllis is charming when ah* smiles,
and delightful when she frowns, she is
altogether Irresistible when she is shy.
"If It has, why we love each other
truly, and-and-»
"And w* will marry- X cried, trying
to catch her in my arms; but sh* ran
swiftly toward th* cabin of th* daugh
ter of I Juan, calling back over h*r
shoulder:
"But it may not Mrs, you know."
"To-day w* visit th* sycamore," I
whispered to Phyllis whea the week
had gone. •
"At 4 o'clock," ah* whispered back.
"It's too warm now."
As though th* heat had error before
mattered to the little witch. She had
disappeared, and my book was dull. It
was only 3. I might as well take a
walk till she was ready. Strangely, I
soon found myself at the sycamore
tree, looking around for our love vine.
It had not lived!
la * few moments crery bush near
th* sycamore waa resplendent with
lore Tin*, looking as though it had
I looked across th* gleaming, whit*
sand, and up Into the cloudless sky. It
had to be done, of course, I took off
my coat, and sighed; then out Into the
relentless sunshln* 1 walked— out where
luxuriantly grew th* dodder, clinging
and golden; a thief, -and a murderer.
Yes, and a liar, too, but I would soon
remedy that.
«T*wn ther* for years. As I p4ek*4 up
a t*Otal* thread from th* road, and
¦traightened up to admir* my handi
work. I nearly fell flat upon Itl Under
th* sycamore tree stood Phyllis, a
covered basket upon her arm and a
cold, cold look on her lovely fae*l
"I am gl&d I found you out," sh*
¦aid wltherlngly, sitting down upon
th* *xtrem* end of th* log, "before
It wu forever too late."
I sat down on the other extrem*
•sd.
"Phyllis," I said, solemnly, "fear*
you not yet learned that a man would
commit any crime for a beautiful
woman? And surely what I did It not
so bad as murder, or- -or— arson. Is it?"
"Not quite so bad, perhaps," she
sighed.
I moved nearer. She set the basket
between us. As I scowled at it I saw
hanging from It a yellow thread. I
pulled at it steaTthlly. It was dodder!
That creation of willow waa full of
dodder! * ¦ u
Then I set the basket deliberately^
upon the ground and took Phyllis
into my arms.
"There may have been «xtenuatfatT
circumstances," sh* murmured.
Half Hour Storiette*
WHERE THE LOVE VINE GROWS
•By Ina W. Hanoon
theria, that dread scourge of a wet win.
ter, was epidemic Many, many chil
dren, both In the town of M and
In th* country adjacent, had died from
Its ravages, for it was before the days of
anti-toxin treatment. A pall seemed to
hang over the whole country, deepened
by the dreary weather. The mournful
winds sighed among the leafless trees,
and the gloomy skies almost continual
ly dripped their moisture, as though
weeping over the misery which their
tears augmented. *
As Christmas approached, the people
were so depressed over their broken
family circles that they had no heart
for festivities. There wer* so many
vacant chairs and empty cradles that
th* thought of seeing the empty stock
togs hung up with many missing was
more than they could bear. So but lit
tle -preparation was mad* to celebrate
the day.
In th* town, the only unmarried min
ister was th* young Methodist preach
er, Mr. Taylor, 'it was his first charge
and was an old-fashioned circuit, con
sisting of th* little church in the town
and several preaching places In the
country, some of them quite distant, as
th* region was but sparsely settled.
Because h* had no family to b* en
dangered, all the burials of th* diph
theria cases fell to this young pastor.
Being thus mad* partaker of the grief
of th* stricken homes his own heart
was sorely distressed. He had never
seen such a harvest of death* and
knowing that nothing but the coming
of cold weather could stay its progress,
he prayed dally for Ice and snow as the
greatest boon heaven could send.
Christmas, that year, came on Tues
day and on the Sunday preceding, find
ing the people too sorrowful to engage
In th* usual commemoration of the oc
casion, th* preacher asked them at
each service to unite with him in pray
ing God to send a winter storm as their
Christmas gift.
The last service of that day was at a
point tw«nty-flv* miles southeast from
the town. On Monday morning the
young preacher, wearied from the hard
labor of the day previous, and with a
heart heavy at thought of the misery
ha bad seen among his people, mounted
his hors* to rid* back to th* town. Th*
dim road lay In a northwest direction
•ver unfenced prairie*, with only a few
scattered cabins, miles apart. •
Shortly after he started a driving
mist rolled in from th* northwest; this
soon changed to sleet and then 'to snow,
while th* foroe of the wind constantly
Increased.
All signs pointed to the approach of
a genuine Iowa bllszard. As the^storm
thickened, the heart of the man beat
higher, for it seemed to promise the
answer to his prayers, and that the
people were to have the Christmas gift
they -had asked. He was warmly clad,
and though compelled to face the
storm, had no thought of personal dan-'
gcr, for his had been a life of much
exposure. .
But, as though hastening to make up
for th* long delay In Its coming, the
storm gathered fury with great rapid
ity. The road was soon obliterated, the
¦now took on an Icy character and was
driven like fine shot into the faces of
the preacher and his faithful beast. The
animal continually strove to avoid the
blast by turning from it, and as the
eye could pierce the sheets of whirling
whit* for a few rods only, the way was
lost and the general directions were dis
cernible only by the known direction of
the storm.
The cold increased in a short time to
an Intense degree, 10 that by noon the
situation was desperate. The preacher
had been compelled to dismount and
walk in order to avoid freezing; the
now was nearly knee deep and
blowing in blinding billows, the hors*
could only be pulled along with diffi
culty against the roaring blizzard, now
fully developed. They had wandered
far out of their course and knew not
which way to r>. Hungry, ©hilled
through, wearied and. buffeted by the
storm almost to exhaustion, and con
fused as to his bearings, at last Mr.
Taylor realized his perlL Would h*
ever reach shelter or would that whirl-
Ing tempest wrap him In Its white
winding shee.t? How long could he
fight It and what avail would the strug
gle be If he were beating in the wrong
direction? How about that Christmas
gift now, for which he had so fervently
prayed? Was he rejoiced that it had
come— hurled right across his path and
dashed In his face, unto the Jeopardy
of his life? He thought of the old home,
where parents, brothers and sisters
were even then making happy prepara
tion for the Christmas-tide, doubtless
having sent him some loving tokens to
cheer him in his hard Western field. He
wondered how long it would be before
they would know his fate. If he failed
to fight his way to shelter. He drew
closer around his head a broad knit
scarf, and then came a vision of th«
fair hands which had made it. He saw
the soft-eyed maiden who had wrought
her love Into It and given It to him for
Just such a time as this, when he start
ed for his distant circuit. How would
she feel if he should fall, never to rise
again, In that wild waste of wintry
fury. For a time these homesick
thoughts unsettled his mind and mad*
him doubt the goodness of Ood. Then
came back to him recollections of th*
many heart-rending scenes h* had wit
nessed in the last few month*— children
stricken down in their Innocence;
mothers with agonized faces; fathers
stunned by their grief; homes darkened
and desolate. Could he wish all this
horror to continue merely, because hia
own life was Imperiled by the coming
of the only possible remedy? Then,
with faculties rendered dreamy by the
chilling of the blood, he seemed to see
a picture of One hanging on a cross,
and heard the mocking cry: "He saved
others; himself he cannot save." After
that he was content to let th* storm
rage. If he survived It he would be
thankful, if not, he would be glad to
think that what was death to him
would be life to many other*. After all.
it was the best Christmas gift which
heaven could send.
But he was young and life was sw*et
He had no disposition for mock heroics
or needless martyrdom, so he resolutely
summoned his courage for the supreme
battle of his life. He had lived en th*
broad prairies long enough to know
their treachery in winter. He knew
how many strong men had been caught
like himself In the clutch of the blls
sards on those vast treeless expanses
and buffeted to slow death. He knew
all the symptoms of increasing numb
ness; the passing of pain, the feeling of
lethargy, the creeping sense of ease,
the drowsy weighting of th* eyes, the
almost irresistible wish to 11* down and
sleep and the deadly delusions, which
foretell the approach of the fatal end.
So, during the dragging hours of that
long, desolate afternoon, while he blind,
ly staggered against the fearful aval
anche of snow,' hoping against hop*
that by some lucky chance he might
stumble upon some cabin, pulling his
benumbed horse along by main
strength, he fought every succeeding
symptom of freezing. He pounded hia
arms and stamped his feet, rapped his
head when inclined to doz*. held his
eyelids up with his gloved hands, at
times talked to himself and hi* horse
to keep his mind aroused; prayed to
God and struggled on.
But there is a limit to what eren th*
stoutest heart and the strongest will
can do, under such circumstance*,
against such fearful odds. When th*
day had passed away in th* unequal
contest between the man and th* ele
ments the coming down of darkness
proved to be the additional measure
of horror, which was more than the
preacher, worn out In mind and body,
could withstand. Shortly after th*
night united Us gloom to th* fury of
the storm, those fitful hallucinations
which so frequently precede death by
freezing seized him. Who was that
calling him? Surely horn* is near.
Yes, there stands mother on th* steps.
beckoning to him. Where has he* been
all this time? There is no storm. The
sun Is shining. He is driving th* oows
home from th* prairls. He Is t btxt*
was and what had happened. Outside,
the sun was shining, but the snow
drifts lay against the window. Slowly
It all came back to him. It ¦•eraeii
years since he had started far town ta*
morning before. How much he had
lived In that long day of battle against
slow death. And this was Christmas
day. Th* people had received th*
Christmas gift they asked and his own
life had been spared. Surely, Ood was
good.
He rallied la a few hoax* from his
exhaustion and suffered no permanent
Injury. He learned from th* family
that th* reason of the sudden disap
pearance of the light, which so nearly
cost his life, was the thoughtless pull
tng down of a window shade. H* has
never sine* seen a window curtain
drawn dowa without a shudder.
footed boy, and Is singing a merry lay
which wells ut> from a happy heart.
But what Is It stings his brain so? O.
yes! the storm ii back again; th» eyes
partly unclose: he struggles to his feet.
¦taggers a few steps: stops, listens.
Surely some one is singing, it Is the
time of service In a little country
church. The people have gathered for
worship and he is about to enter the
pulpit to preach, when he falls against
his horse and the shock partially
arouses him. He strives to collect his
shattered wits, fights again the oft-re
peated battle against overpowering
drowsiness, half realizes that the effort
is absolutely futile and is slowly kick
ing a place in the snow to lie down In,
under a growing impression that he Is
turning down the covers of a bed. when
a light feebly shoots through the al
most impenetrable curtain of snowy
darknesS. At first he thought it a part
of his dream, but slowly it brought him
back to reality. He began to think
about it. and at last was roused enough
to know that he must be near a dwell
ing. The blood was quickened enough
by the fact to permit of slow move
ment. He started toward the light,
each step awakening him still more.
until he was again pretty well master
of his dazed faculties. Hope sprang up
I In his heart and quickened tevery pulse.
Then the light disappeared. The horror
of black night, lightened only by fierce
ly driven snow, settled over him aja!n.
A sickening sense of despair weighted
him down. For a little while he was
tempted to believe that the light was
another illusion and that he mlrht as
well give up again, but he stubbornly 1
summoned his little remaining strength
for one final effort to find the house
from which the light must have come.
If there was but one chance for life
he would take that chance, Thi
thought that he was near to safety and
yet might miss it served a whip to his
benumbed faculties. But so dazed was
he, so nearly exhausted and so confus
ing was the fierce storm that It seemed
an age to him before he finally stum
bled against the house without being
able to see it. Slowly he felt his way
along the sides until he came to a doer;
then struck It with the handle of his
riding-whip, which In some manner h*
had managed to keep hold of. Th*
door was opened cautiously by a burly,
whiskered man who peered out and
asked who was there. The preacher's
tongue was too thick for speech, so he
stood In silence, but the man, opening
the door wide enough for the light to
shine out recognized the colored scarf.
"My God! It is Brother Taylor, our
pastor!" he said. Then calling hastily
to a grown son. they came out and
helped him in. The son took the horse
to the stable, while the father, a man of
long experience in prairie life, took the
preacher to a bedroom away from the
fire, removed his garments. Bent for a
pall of snow, laid him on the bed and
with his own strong hands chafed the
chilled body, applying a little mow
occasionally, until the sluggish circu
lation was slowly quickened. Then
tepid water was used and finally warm
water and last of all, copious drinks of
hot milk were given. After that he was
placed under warm covers and left to
sleep as long as he would. ,
It was • o'clock when the faithful
¦work of the strong man was ended.
The patient sank at once into the deep
sleep of complete exhaustion. For
hours the family, who were member*
of one of the country churches served
by the young preacher at a point ten
miles out of his right course toward
town, that day watched over him «to
note any signs of fever or delirium. But
so well had the wise treatment been
given that he slept as sweetly as a
babe. As they anxiously watched him,
the wife and mother, with tear-dlramsd
eyes, said: "Poor man! the Christmas
gift for which he prayed so earnestly
yesterday In our church. In order that
we might be spared further los* among
our little ones" — here she looked sad-
ly at an empty crib against th* wall—
"was lent, but It cam* near to being
the means of his own death."
"Yea," said her husband, "when w*
were rejoicing to-night over th* coming
of the storm as we sat around our
warm hearth making this our Christ
mas celebration, little did we thfti* that
we were rejoicing over our pastor's
peril. I have rarely seen so bad a ease
of freezing where the victim Bred
through It." But the preacher slept on.
The next morning he still slept. At
Boon he had not awakened. It was
about the middle of the afternoon when
he opened his eyes. It was seranl
moments before he realised wtw* h*
¦ . • •• ¦
»THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX— CHRISTMAS. NUMBER.
THE CIRCUIT RIDERS.
CHRISTMAS
4Phonografter— A grafter who tells
everybody the same thing and keeps all
the money.
Telegraftar— A grafter who depends
upon his knowledge of the wires, and
rarely takes anything "collect- **
Paragrafter— A grafter who confine*
himself to two or three lines.
Cinematografter — A grafter who
'works with a screen and gives you a
poor explanation of the things he shows
S'ou.^
Auto?rafter— A grafter who thinks
you ought to come to the center as soon
as you hear his name.
Aerografter— A grafter who uses lots
ef air-hot air.
Various Kinds of Grafters.
time to realise that she was coins;
when she was gone.
The next morning be found her
chaired and booked when he sot up
there himself. The' wind had changed
and was coming around the oorner by
the smoking-room In a very trying
manner, but he hardly noticed that In
his tangled 'emotions over her prox
imity and distance.
She noticed it, though, and strove la
rain to adjust a bit of embroidered
coat collar so as to shut off a growing
gale. Her efforts proving futile, she
summoned a sailor who was busy lash-
Ins; something to something else, and;
opening her purse:
'/Please . carry these three chairs out
of the wind," she said, smiling on him,
and then she went Inside. . .
The sailor grabbed two chairs and
•clumped away at a gait demanded by
the exigencies of the situation. .
Durant meanwhile extricated himself
from his rues with a sprlghtllness . to
be envied by the rheumatic and para
lyzed, and was up and waiting when
the emissary of fate returned.
"Here, take my chair, too." he said
to the man, smiling. on him in the
stupid way that men reserve for other
men. The sailor grinned the omnis
cient grin* that deckhands .acquire,
pocketed his fee, and the last two
chairs went away together in as friend,
ly a mariner as the first two had done.
After lunch Miss Gabelle occupied her
chair and, for the first time, did Durant
the honor of noticing his existence by
becoming slightly pink when she ob
served him there in his chair the same
as ever. Later Miss Susan Gabelle,
steward came for the chairs It was In
a voice of the utmost assurance that
he was bidden:
"Take mine, too."
When Miss Gabelle came back she
seemed not at all surprised at seeing
fr<TT» ttill one of their party. She even
smiled again when he sprang up to in
stall' her among her wraps. And then
when she was intrenched in her castle
of pillow and plaid he boldly occupied
the neighboring territory and as the
powers in her case were otherwise en
gaged no one entered a protest.
And then they talked. How they did
talk! Only a seafarer knows how far
Into a heart-to-heart conversation two
may progress by the third day out! To
make matters more agreeable, the wind
freshened so that even upon the shel
tered side a pretty girl required contin
uous and solicitous retucklng.
Toward night it began to rain.
"I think that we must move again."
Durant suggested, with a heavy accent
on the "we."
"Dear me, so we must." she an
swered, beginning to prepare to rise.
He sprang to her aid; he extricated
her from her rugs: he hailed a deck
hand and he pointed out his work to
him. ;
"Take those four chairs out of the
wet," he told him In such a tone as
Nelson used at Trafalgar. "He'll have
them all ready when we come up after
dinner," he added to Miss Gabelle. She
smiled sweetly.
"I'm so glad to have met you," she
said as they went Inside (together this
time). "I've been dreading such a long,
lonely voyage."
Durant looked down at her and she
looked ud at him. They both smiled
and she blushed.
Is it necessary to say more?
• Try and guess the outcome.
who appeared to be the other's maiden
great-aunt, hove on deck and reclined
beside her niece for nearly seven whole
minutes. At the end of that time a
sudden roll of the steamer did her up
with great abruptness j she became viv
idly green, howled pitifully, and' the
deck steward rushed to the rescue and
bore her hastily away. Durant, who
was burning to be of some use to the
family to the end that he might merit
gratitude and an Introduction, , sprang
to the deck . steward's assistance and
started to bear up the trailing extrem
ities of his load, but Miss Susan Ga
belle yelled, "Don't turn . me upside
down for pity's sake!" and he had to
drop her feet as if they scorched his
hands.
But he was richly rewarded [for his
effort, for the niece became freshly
pink,: smiled and remarked something
about the weather, a species of conver
sational opening through which,- on
shipboard, men fall frequently and lose
themselves forever. It came on to blow
worse soon, and one.terrlflo gust turned
their plaids | into distress signals and
caused the deck steward, who was
whirling about Just then distributing
cakes and tea as if he was a new spe
cies of revolving dumb-waiter, to sug
gest that they would be much more
comfortable upon the other side.
"I think so, too," said Miss Gabelle.
"After you are through with the tea
won't you take our three chairs around
there?" '.
"Gewlas!" said the man, and spun
away.
Miss Gabelle drank her tea with
great breeziness, so to speak, and then
went below to see how her aunt was
surviving. She smiled on Durant as
she passed and hope, foamed high on
the surf of his heart waves. When the
By Anna Warner
rlew life from the lee side.
The Instant that she was out of
sight the young girl sprang from her
chair and, hailing a passing steward.
"Take these three chairs and carry
them down to the other end of the
deck," she said, pressing bis hand to
some purpose," and de It right off,
will you please?"
She went Inside directly she saw
him bearing off the first chair, and
Durant lost not a minute In detaching
himself from his rugs to the end that
when the steward returned he might
say. with an Imitation of. the initla
"Take mine, too." >
The steward grinned and took bis
chair, toe.
When Miss Oabelle reappeared she
looked prettier than ever, and as she
at once opened a book and became
wholly absorbed in It, Durant decided
that the best thing for him to do was
to go to sleep with his face turned in
her direction, and so be able to look
at her all that he wanted to. After
a while he decided that she was the
prettiest girl that he ever had seen,
and that he must know her somehow.
Presently she closed her eyes and soon
after her fingers relaxed their hold of
the book and that slipped onto the
deck. He vaulted over Mrs. Gabelle's
chair, and, picking the book up,
smoothed the leaves carefully and laid
it back on her lap. But she did not
thank him or pay the slightest atten
tion to his polite action. There are
naps on deck and naps on deck, and
Miss Gabelle had not gone, to sleep
with her face turned in Durant's di
rection.
.When the first gong for dinner
sounded she woke up with a start and
flew below so auickly that he only had
(Obprrtlfet. IMS. VrT. C. MoOu*.)
I^^Tct*^^^. chaJr - T^* three
i/'H ftWWl seats next to him
IS* If Jlfj&KM were vacant. They
SH (^•/JCJai were labeled. In or
rSil&^SSSU der ' " MrI ' Qllbelle '"
|j*I _ '^y^jfc "M i s s Gabelle,"
<eoB> *¦"¦'' *vasca "Miss Busan Ga
belle." Beyond the three chairs came,
the chair of an* Italian lady who had
a baby. Durant looked across the va
cant seats and saw the baby and
blessed the intervening space. The
Italian lady thought that he wanted
to admire the baby and held it up high
on purpose for him to see. But his gaze
fled out upon the wide ocean beyond,
and he did not recall it until he was
ready to open his book and read.
In the middle of the afternoon a
pretty girl In a red Tam O'Shanter
came up and stood by the rail. Du
rant found himself looking at her
over the top of his book and wishing
that she might be Miss Gabelle. After
a while he had his wish, for she came
across and sat down under her name.
The Italian lady was delighted: her
baby had cried so hard that a kind
hearted somebody had taken It to
walk and left the mother free to en
joy society. Durant had been three
chairs away, but Miss Gabelle was
only half that distance removed.
Mm" Italia leaned over and addressed
her at once.
"She ees sso grooood, mill baybee!
Ill neffaarrre haff annny troooble
weeez her. All zee laydees looff
mil baybeee— all seee laydees tend
mil baybeee!"
Miss Gabelle looked so disgusted
that the Italian was disconcerted, and
seized the trivial pretext of seeking
her Infant to rise from her seat and
HIS VICTORY AT SEA
resentful anger burned for a moment
In the padre's heart. Pedro was the one
creature upon earth that the padre
loved even as the padre was the only
human being to hold all of Pedro's de
votion. And was not Pedro, in spite of
counsel, in spite of exhortation. In spite
of commands, playing with the bell
even as he would play with the love
the padre had given him?
Slowly the priest rose from his knees,
slowly he passed between the long line
of empty cells that should have been
filled with converts and ever as he
walked the bell clashed and crashed.
Not until he had entered the chapel
Itself did he hear th$ shouts and cries
of the Indians as they ran toward the
mission, not until he had thrown wide
open the chapel doors did he realize
that there was unusual commotion.
With the draft of the opening doors
rushed a cloud of smoke, downpourlng
from the eaves. Following close upon
the smoke came licking, greedy flames.
One hurried glance at the burning
thatch of the roof told the padre that
the mission was doomed, for not a drop
of water was there In the mission
tanks. Turning back into the chapel.
ne hunTeQ toward the altar. Perhaps
It might be vouchsafed him to save
some of the holy emblems there! Per
haps It might be vouchsafed him to die
at the foot of the cross. Only half way
to the altar had he gone when the roof
of the sacristy fell. An overwhelming,
dense mass of smoke filled the chapel.
The padre fell on his knes and in the
Incense of his own burning altar his
Pedro went on.
"The bell I might have saved, but I
rang It and rang it until I could stay
In the belfry no longer. It has fallen
under all the tower. They may dig it
out,* though. It may still ring."
Antonio groaned aloud, and Pedro
wondered if the father's love for. the
betf was even greater than his lov* for
the golden . altar cross. He had not
groaned when he saw that the cross
was destroyed. £>'{¦ '\C'%',
IV.'
The ruins lay just as the flames bad
left them until Padre Antonio was
strong enough to superintend their re
moval, to build again from the very
beginning a new chapel, a new sac
risty, new cloisters, new dormitories.
AH had been destroyed, utterly and ab
solutely.
But the reconstruction of the mission
was not the first work to which Father
Antonio turned. He 'devoted days to a
letter to his superior in Spain, begging
for relief, begging for release. And not
until a courier had been dispatched
down the coast with this appeal could
Antonio give his attention to a new
mission. *With every beam that was
raised, with every brick that was laid,
a prayer was raised, a prayer was hid
that he might be building for his suo
cessor, not for himself. %\ m '
Impatiently he waited for his answer,
so impatiently that- all his duties were
only Irksome details of the day; and
as the time came near when he might
confidently expect, his letter the days
themselves were mere ' fragments of
time piled one upon another.
V.
Christmas came that year born In a
dawn «f silver and blue, a silver fog
lying low under a limpid azure sky.
prayers floated upward.
. • III.
It was days, weeks, before he came to
himself, before he could hear th*» stotry
of his rescue. Then Pedro toJd him
rlowly, a little at a time, how the In
dians gathered together in front of the
chapel, had seen him turn back Into the
church; how they had massed them
selves, fought their way to the spot
where the beloved father lay and car
ried him out. * . / ¦ '
Days later, when the bandanges were
removed from the padre's eyes, the
first thing- he saw was a Madonna that
had hung above the altar. Blackened
and marred, the frame no longer held
the picture, but the holy Mother's
steadfast eyes looked down upon htm
as calmly and serenely from the walls
of the Indian hovel as ever th*.r had
from the altar of his chapel. Unoer the
-"lcture on a rough Bhelf stood a golden
halice.
The padre's eyes filled, and Pedro,
/tandlng near the cot on which the
priest "lay, saw the tears, and softly
wiped them away before he spoke.
"It was all that I could save, ml*
padre. You had told me that you loved
the picture, no? The cross is but this
bit of metal." He held out a dark mass
of melted lead and gold. "But the plc
ture will make a new altar. We can.
build a new altar forjthe blessed moth
er and her child."
4 Padre Antonio did not answer, and
Xa bis c*3 Padre Antonio had been
V li ti*"!* almost as motionless aa Pedro
on the belfry steps, almost as unmind
ful cf the passing day. But his thoughts
were net Ml*. He was waging a mad,
wordless batge with Fate, reviewing
the long resultless years, rebelling
against the long empty years to come.
In bia consecration to the church he
bad dreamed of place and power, place
axaozur People, power In the world. And
be had found *only Isolation and ob
livion, only a score of Indian worship
ers, with two score Indian boys. It
xtum a cne-clded battle, fought for the
thousandth time, and Fate would win
as she always had.
The shadow of the belfry cross was
creeping slowly down the belfry roof.
Padre Antonio knew that he soon would
hear the bell that would summon his
congregation. Even before he heard Its
sound his nerves shivered In anticipa
tion of its cracked, harsh note, even
before he saw the congregation his soul
withdrew from the empty, sordid faces
It would find there. If he bad made
but one step of progress! If he could
but see one glimmer of consciousness
of aught else save gratitude for creat
ure comfort!
Padre Antonio's head was bowed low
over his desk, when louder, harsher
than ever before the bell clanged its
discords. A deep groan from the
padre's lips was Its echo. For this
broken bell had grown to be the ex
pression In his mind of his own broken
life. Again and again in hurried meas
ure the bell clashed and clamored. A
But even while the Indolent, half
rren eye" watched for the shadow of
the cross they rested with indolent,
half-awakened curiosity on a spot far
cut under the eaves. It was not a long
crimson lizard. Pedro knew all the
lizards for miles about and not one of
them was that color. It was not a but
terfly caught In the leathern thongs
that held the beams, not a blossom
blown there by the wind, not a red
winged blackbird retting from Its labor
of mercy.
Suddenly a long, red tongue flashed
high Into the air and Pedro knew that
It was fixe! Fire under the eaves! Fire
bursting froea the roof of the sacristy!
Fire enveloping the wooden Joists 1 Fire
and not a drop cf water! Fire and no
one but Father Antonio and him to
fight It!
Ah! But he, be could mcunon them,
those others! Not slowly, languidly to
worship, but hurriedly, quickly, In
hast*, to car* the mission! The bell
rope burg by his side and he pulled it,
not slowly, methodically, as th«* padre
cad taught him. but dashing and
r i^ v g*nf the Iron tongue against the
ferease iMm of the bell.
II.
THB brown sun-baked earti
stretched in every direction as
far as the er« could see; the
brown sun-baked adobe mission
-"•as hardly discernible from the brown
••-re-covered hillocks save for Its op«n
cloisters where sepia shadows lay, save
for Its belfry tower that held aloft a
ratint redwood cross. For many wetki
the north wind had blown Incessantly,
hurtling acres* the land a One, brown.
Impalpable powder that rose and fell in
the shimmering heat waves. A group
of feathery pepper trees, droopln*
abor. u empty water tank, languidly
shook their pendent leaves, but had not
foroe enough to free them from the
brown dust that covered them. The
scarlet cactus nlants had showered
their flaming petals upon the ground,
their stark dust-begrimed arms throw-
Ing weird shadows on the mud walla.
A flock of pigeons were huddled in the
eaves cf Padre Antonio's door, their
beaks wi<J« open, their wings hanging
loose. Above and over all brooded sul
lenly a dun. copper-colored sun. seem
ingly as loath to ehlne upon the land as
was the land to receive its rays.
Stretched at full length on the belfry
steps was Pedro, the padre's boy, half
In the shadow, half in the sunlight* Bo
long had he been there motionless that
a brown lizard was sleeping on his
naked foot, unmindful that the hot flesh
¦was not an Integral part of the hot
bricks.
Pedro rras not asleep, neither was he
atvake. With indolent, half open eyes
he was watching for the shadow of the
crops on the ground outside the belfry
door. "When the shadow appeared it
would be time to ring the bell that
csl'.ed the handful of natives from their
hot. Fun-bnked hovels to worship on the
cool flags of the mission chancel. This
was the one labor of the day that Pedro
loved. He neither knew nor cared that
the bell was cracked, that It sent forth,
over the vaJley. a tuneless
sound. He knew only that it was noise,
lawful, permissible noise and this he
loved. And he loved, too. his own Im
portance in the act. Was It not he that
summoned the lagging worshipers? If
he did not ring the bell could even
Padre Antonio, himself, call his congre
gation to hear the services In the mis
sion?
He raised his hand to give them the
blessing of the church before he spoke
his own personal words when sudden
ly, floating down from the new belfry
tower came a note clear, pure, sweet
and true. Tenderly, softly It called.
again and again, symbolizing the love
that had answered the padre's prayers
not in his own way, but in the way of
the Father whom he served.
Pedro led them, but he did not speak
until all were gathered about the pa
dre. Then, acting as Interpreter and
spokesman for the others, he ex
plained.
The padre had told them that In
some places, on Christmas day, friends
gave presents to each other; the padre
had told them that when the Christ
child was born all brought presents to
him. Now, that the new chapel was
so nearly finished, was It not light that
they should bring gifts to the chapel?
But because they loved the padre they
wanted first to give gifts to him that
he might give them to the church.
Slowly, one by one, the Indians
brought their offerings and laid them
at the padre's feet; a rough cross,
carved from a mad rone tree; a prayer
desk, cut from the same wood; a foot
stool and candlesticks, all shaped with
Infinite patience; white cloths for the
altar, coarse and rough, but woven and
Interwoven with love. Something each
one brought, each one save Pedro, and
Pedro himself had disappeared from
the group.
For Pedro had found the ben not
only uninjured, but made perfect and
whole In the fierce flames that had an
nealed the crack In Its bronze side, and
Pedro's gift to the padre, Pedro's gift
to the chapel was the bell that, quite
unknown to the padre, had been hung
In the belfry tower. " \
Overcome by his own •motion. Padre
Antonio stood illtnt for a moment.
Had not love won? Was cot love tri
umphant? Was It not their lore for
him that made them rescue him from
the burning church? Was It not' their
love for him that made them bring
their offerings to the new mission?
Would It be hard to bring them,
through this love, to the loving heart
of the church?
"That you have my sympathy, be
lieve me, my dear son," the latter ran,
"but I know that In refusing you your
request I am granting: you your desire.
Tou tell me that you have won no souls
to your church. Have you won them
'to yourself? Have you thought of the
limitations of the people you are work-
Ing for 7 Have you thought of their
lives and opportunities? "Win them to
you through love. Then win them to
the church through the same love. For
love Is supreme. Love Is sJl powerful.
Love reigns over all human life and
passion." There were pages of close.
fin* writing — pages that seemed to An
tonio like senseless platitudes, and the
letter ended with the words: °I am not
writing to you as your superior. I have
not placed your application with the
church authorities. I am writing to
you as If you . were my own son. to
shield you from a lifetime of regret for
& duty shirked.**
The letter lay on the padre's knees
as he sat In the door of his hut looking
down toward the new mission building.
It was nearly finished; already Its soft,
creamy walls rose high and straight;
already the arches were supporting
patches of thatched roof. Here and
there on the ground squatted groups of
brow-n figures, all looking more or less
Indolently at the result of their labors.
But of what use was any of It? "What
did any of them gain from It? What
did It mean to any of them except easy
flour, easy warmth, easy existence?
As these bitter thoughts were passing
through the padre's mind he saw that
the groups of figures were rlstng to
their feet— that they were gathering to
gether In one mass, that they were
coming toward him. He glanced at the
shadows to see If It was already time
for the morning service, but It was not,
and a faint wonder crossed his mind.
Had they some request to make of
him? Cztra. fruit, extra flour, extra
wine?:- i
But there was no Christmas Jot In
Padre Antonio's heart. His superior's
letter lay before him and It offered no
release — no return to the world of place
and power. _ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL- CHRISTMAS NUMBER:
THE WAY OF THE FATHERtors and by vigorously fanning wtth Ma
Bat succeeded in coaxing a good steed
blase. After supper ths two warmed
themselves before the fire and Finnlgaa
told several stories.
"Begorra, darlln', but hoW different
rex look from the furst tolme 01 seed
yes in Lundon. Yer face Is so sunburnt
yer mother would never know yex.**
• Jack dropped his eyes. Finnlgaa
•utckly perceived the change In ths
youth's expression and he moved closer
to him and laid his hand on his shoul
der.
•'Mo bhoy," he said slowly, after ¦
pause, "did ould Finny say anything
to hurt yei feclln'. If 01 did Ol ax ya*
pardon."
4 "No, Finny," Jack replied, 'It 4s noth
ing; only I was— thinking."
.'¦ He unbuttoned his blouse and took a
socket from about' his neck. Finnlgaa
drew closer with curiosity and Jack
apened the locket '
. "Shure, an* where did ye* get thotr"
_ "Finny," said Jack solemnly, "that
to my' mother."
' The old sergeant studied the features.
¦Tshure, an* any blind man could tell
yes were her boy, the loikness is so
strolking." . . x
$ Jack told him a little of its history
•nd then carefully returned it to its
place. • •
"On the Instant they were aroused by
the roll of the drums and the stirring
•alls of the bugles, for the foe was
near and the army of the allies was
Shortly set in motion. !>
i The Seventy-third was assigned a
place dose to what proved to be ths
center of attack and throughout ths
bloody engagement fought with great
¦valor. Jack was slightly wounded on
the forehead, and being dazed for a
few moments stumbled and fell. ;
Faithful old Flnnigan picked him up
and bound up his wound.
¦ •• Jack felt a trifle. weak from the loss
of blood, but plucklly refused to be sent
to the rear. -
¦ Winter was coming on and the first
snow had fallen. The Boldlers felt ths
v cold severely, but fires were not . al
iowed owing to the proximity of ths
French army. Quite a number of ths
young soldiers were taken 111, and whea
the captain told Jack he vrould hava
to be seat to tht rear the youth was
reluctant to go. Sergeant Flnnlgan
bade him farewell with a tear in his
i eye and a hearty grip of his cough
hand. ' -
The Nottingham coach had stopped
to water the horses at a roadhouse. A
window was opened and the head of a
woman appeared. Her features J and
hair bore evidence of premature old
age. She Inquired of the driver how
long it would be before, she : would
reach her destination and seemed. very
Impatient at the delay. - In her satchel
she carried a' letter ' bearing the ad
dress, "Miss Nancy Brown, Red Cot
tage, Nottingham, England," and. la
the corner of the envelope was written:
"Introducing Mrs. John Kemble."
After the stage started again shs
could scarcely control her impatlenes
at Its slowness. After years of weB
nigh fruitless search she had almost de
spaired of ever seeing her boy again,
Through a friend who had heard of her
husband's connection with a shipping
firm in London she had. learned of his)
death and at once determined to find
her son. She had disposed of all her
property in Denmark, where she had
moved with heir husband when they
were married. .'!'>•" ¦ , '
One morning a messenger knocked at
the door of her room and handed her
* note. She tore it open and read tha
following: ¦'• - ¦ >
"Mrs. John Kemble, Britannia Hotel-
Dear Madam: I would be pleased ta
have you call at my office at jrour ear
liest convenience. Our New York rep
resentative, Mr. William Asheroft.
called on us yesterday on a business
trip, and In the course of conversation
I mentioned to him the facts of your
search for news of your son. It appears
that he was an old friend of your hus
band, and can give you some Informa
tion as to your son's whereabouts. I
have asked him to call this afternoon,
and if you can conveniently be here I
am sure the meeting will be. a pleasure
to us all. With kind regards, very
faithfully, HENRY CRANSTON,
• "Mgr. Clowes &. Hewitt/'
Mrs. Kemble told the messenger to
tell Mr. Cranston she would see him
about 2 o'clock, and upon calling at this
time met the eentleman, who present
ed Mr. Ashcroft to her. They had a
long talk in regard to the past, and
Mr. Ashcroft told her of his letters
from Miss Brown and of her affection
for Jack. The interview ended by Ash
croft giving Mrs. Kemble a letter to
Miss Brown, and that afternoon sh4
Continued on rage Thirteen.
He and Sergeant Flnnlgan were seat
ed on a log In front of their small tent
vigorously poking a fire which consisted
principally of smoke. Flnnlgan's hu
mor bubbled the merrier as Jack would
lose his patience and rub the smoke
out of his eyes.
"Bhure, darlln', and what are yes a
cryln* for whin there Is no sphllt milk?"
laughed Finnlgan as Jack wiped the
tears from his eyes.
Jack could not help laughing at the
contagious wit of the Irishman.
"Finny," he said, "If you don't stop
your Joking and help me with this fire
I will let you drink your coffee cold."
"Bhure an' Oi'll not do thot"
lie knelt down before the smoldering
London his eyes turned from one In
teresting object to another. He had
but little money in his pocket, and so
made up his mind to find the recruiting
office at once. He Inquired of several
persons and was finally able to reach
the barracks, where he told a sentry at
the outer gate of his desire.
The sentry, after amusing himself at
the boy's -expense, sent him Inside to
the sergeant. Jack was enlisted as a
drummer in the Seventy-third Light
Infantry.
lie was not long without excitement,
for In the uprlng hla regiment embarked
for the Continent They had h&rdJy
rested after their arrival before they
were ordered forward.
three days, and at length he determined
to leave the school and run away from
what he considered gross Injustice, al
though he had not been openly accused.
He arose early one morning and leav
ing the dormitory by the servants' en
trance caught the early eoach for Lon
don.
• • •
England was striving with other na
tions to crush out the growing power of
Napoleon, and as Jack read an old
paper ln» found on the eeat he became
greatly interested in the accounts of
how England's best eons had given
their all for their country, and made
up his mind to enlist as a drummer
boy. As the coach at length drew near
the room a few minutes later and was
astonished to find the offertory so
small. He hurriedly called the vicar,
and the two quickly discovered that the
greater part of the money was n&t
there, Although both hated to admit
It, suspicion pointed to Jack, he having
been the only one who handled the
basin. He was sent for In the evening
and closely questioned, and although
the vicar tried in every way to conceal
his suspicions, the boy soon saw
through their careful questioning and
stoutly asserted his innocence. His
pride was terribly wounded at the idea
that his superiors could ever suspect
him of dishonesty. .
It preyed on his mind for two or
school a dark cloud gathered. After
each service m the cathedral It was
Jack's duty to carry the alms basin
downstairs to th« sacristy. It was au
tumn and the yellow fields had yielded
their good measure of golden store,
A harvest festival of praise and
thanksgiving had been held in the ca
thedral and the vicar had made an elo
quent appeal for a liberal contribution
from his congregation in aid of the
poor of the diocese. When the service
was over the response was found to
have been very generous.
Jack, as had been his custom, carried
ths alms basin to the sacristy, and
then went to the choir room to remove
his vestments. The treasurer entered
me to take action Immediately. Mr.
Wickes was here to-day and we had a
long talk on the subject. He has been
a good, kind friend, and tells me he
has Interested Mr. Burton, one of the
wardens of the cathedral. In you. Mr.
Burton is a wealthy man. and they
say he has been very kind to many
of the boys of the cathedral school.
We have arranged for you to go to the
school and have your voice trained
In the choir."
"But, auntie—"
"The matter is an arranged and you
will leave to-morrow for your new
home."
,; S;£ SJ^JS • •<
Over the sunshine of his life In the
TIIB little do* sled tolled slowly
orer the soft snow and gradually
grew near the edge of the dense
woods situated close to a little
Tillage In Nottingham. Its
heavy load of wood burled the runners
deep and the lad who trudged along
side would occasionally speak a few
words to the faithful animal who had
so long been his companion in his Jour
neys through the forest.
.• Jack Kemble was deep fn thought
over the many things Miss Brown had
told him the night before as they had
watched the dying embers on the old
hearth In Red Cottage. Times had been
hard this winter, and as Jack urged
Major . forward again after a brief
stop his mind pictured the little mis
tress of Red Cottage waiting for his
return' and he wondered If she had
been able to secure the assistance she
had requested from Mr. Ashcrbft, her
relative in America.
"Come on, 'Maje'; well- soon be
there." As he spoke he put his toot
behind the sled and started It. v - \ '¦
That. night. Miss Brown did not eat
much supper, as her thoughts were
busy over the letter she had received
the preceding day from her London so
licitor, telling her that Tie had lost her
case in the High Court of Appeal and
that the mortgage on her property
there would W foreclosed. With her
source of income thus cut off. she had
written to Ashcroft in New York, and
had also conllded her financial trou
bles to Ilev. Mr. Wickes, the curate.
The responsibility of Jack's education
was worrying tier.
After supper the two sat for some
time Quietly talking. She felt a great
heskancy in telling him of the conver
sation she had with Mr. Wickes. After
discussing many phases of his plan*
for their future, she drew closer to the.
boy. v
"Jack, It Is getting near the ttoe
when you will have to make your own
way. In the world, and I think It only
rtght that you should know many
things concerning your past history ©t
which I have never spoken before.
; "About ten years ago a small sleigh
stopped at the door of Rod Cottar* and
a stranger alighted, carrying through
the heavy «now a small boy. The ;.
stranger said he had heard of me
through an old friend In Amnrtca, Will
iam Ashcroft. I told him that he m
nay cousin, that to knew little of on*
another, not having seen each other
for many years.
"The stranger told me further that
he was' a seafaring man and was on a
business trip to .England. As It' was
so far to ; the next town and the , hoar
was late, he said he would be greatly
obliged if I could give him "shelter for
the night. >
"The request was so unusual that I
hesitated for a. moment and, quickly
perceiving this, he said he would
recompense me liberally. I said that
I was not thinking of that— only of my
poor accommodations. • . -
"He answered with a smile that hum
ble fare was good enough for a sailor.
''The child looked so cold and hungry
I had not the heart to send them out
In the storm,' so I told him if he would
be content with what plain hospitality
I could offer that he was welcome, Be
entered and handed me his card:
"It read. 'John Kemble, British ship
Btrathgyle.' " .
1 "My name," said vack.
"Yes, lad, you were named after your
father." .„
"You are not my auntie, after all,"
said -Jack, somewhat sorrowfully." 1 /
"No, lad, except In spirit"
."You had been with me about a year
when he went off on a trip, and whea
he did not return I made inquiries and
the only thing I. could learn was that
It was thought his ship had foundered
at sea with all souls.
"I wrote to Ashcroft to find out. If
possible, some clew to his family, and
received an answer stating that the
captain had told him very little con
cerning his personal affairs, except to
say that he had disagreed with his
wife, and had taken his child and em
barked on a foreign ship.
"He left a few pieces of Jewelry with
Achcroft, one of which he sent me,
thinking It might help roe in my search.
I have k al ways carried it with me, lad,
for fear of losing it, but think you are
old enough now to appreciate its
value."
6he took a small plush box from her
pocket and opened It. Jack's eyes were
wide with curiosity and he leaned over
Miss Brown and looked eagerly at the
features.
"Who is it?" he asked.
"Ashcroft tells me it Is your mother's
likeness."
'My mother/' he exclaimed with awe
and rapture.
"Yes, my boy, I have often studied
that face and wondered how great
would be her Joy If she could only see
her boy again."
•Is ehe llvlngr was Jack's next
question.
"From all I can learn, she Is, Jack,
but as to where your father lived be
fore he came to Nottingham, no one
seems to know. Ktjep the likeness with
you always and never let it out of your
possession." 'ilL*
There was a pause as Jack reached
over to poke the fire. v
"Jack, you remember what we were
talking about last night. The bad news
from London has made It necessary for
i"H1b eyes fell upon the kneeling woman," (This Is one of the most remarkable photographs errr made of a church service, ft la a flashlight taken In Father Panish's Church of the Affront on Eleventh street While Che choristers were testing tn
I the recessional. Mr.. Teller, the author of this Christmas story. Is shown at the new organ.)
A YULETIDE BRATITUDEContinued oa Pag* Twelve*
blackened eye, gave eloquent testimony
of the fray. ; ; - '¦-,•'" ? '¦', *
8am was raging mad virtly because
he recognized his own meanness. Upon
Tom there flashed th« thought of his
pledge I and he fought in an agony of ,
distress and shame.- The black eye and
the tofn'coat were nothing to the re
morse which filled his mind as the face
of the little Lord .came back to him
with eyes' of sorrow. He was pledged
to peace and the very first day had:
brought a fight, even though It was
in defense of the right.. "The servant
of the Lord must not strive, but be
gentle toward all."
To the teacher's questions he had no
reply, as he could not tell her the reas
on for his onslausrht. ¦ So he was wsnt
to the, principal. and received his pun
ishment for beginning a fight upon the.
school grounds. And Bam was taunt
ingly happy 'over the outcome.
After.' school Tom rushed ; home ~ and
up to bis .room. ".Ho" turned the picture
with its face to the wall, threw himself
upon his bed and the tears burst forth.
Mother had seen the flushed face with
the sable eye as 1* came up the steps,
but wisely said nothing till the supper
It wns a very quiet boy that walked
home with mother that night from ser
vice. Perhaps mother understood. Cer
tainly when he bade her good night
and whispered,- "I'm going ,to , try,
mother." her tactful answer was a
sympathetic kiss and one of those
mother looks which every boy under
stands.
A funny thing happened that night.*
At the foot of Tom's bed hung a fine
copy of Bo-uguereau's picture. * "Our
Lady of the Angels." The last thing
lhat Tom saw as he dropped to sleep
was the appealing eyes and. outstretch
ed hands of the boy Jesus in his
mother's arms. During the night the
little fellow In the picture stepped soft
ly down from the frame and. out upon
the bed. He held out his hands to
Tom, who, with full heart and over
flowing love,. took him up and held him
close to 'his own bosom. Again with
all the earnestness of his youthful ar
dor and this time to the Christ child
himself, Tom said. "I'll do it."
It may have been only a dream, but
it was very real. to Tom as he opened
his eyes upon the picture in the morn-
could have told you so while ehe kept
her weather eye open for her persecu
tor.
But while Tom loved fun he was also
fearless when truth was concerned. For
his principles he would go through fire
and water. He had the hero 6tuff in
him. although it was not often over
worked.
That was the hapirtest morning I of
Tom's life. Love to everybody was
shining out of those deep, brown eyes.
Wings were there instead of feet as
the boy took his way to school, where
all the morning > hours were Joy. Af
ter lunch Tom again started for school
Half way down the block he overtook
Sam Mack. ' Now Sam was not Just
the kind of boy that" Tom "liked, but
as they only , lived three " doors apart
they were thrown much together, al
though they were not In the game
grades at school. 8am had a new story
to tell which he had heard upon the
street the evening before. As Tom lis
tened his heart stood still, for Sam,
whose home knew no religion, was Unk
ing an evil story with the sacred name.
A swift vision of the pure eyes of the
little "Immanuel" came before Tom's
mind. As Bam ended the vile tale with
an Impure suggestion the rising, indig
nation In Totn'a breast flamed forth
and something hit 8ani squarely be
tween the eyes and over he went upon
the grass, choking with rage. It was
no light blow and 8am was no light
antagonist. There was a lively two
minutes before one of the teachers
could be summoned and the bout end
ed. But the effects were awful. Sam's
nose and scratched cheek were leaking
gore, and Tom, with torn coat and
ing and repeated his rtsorri to try t»
live "fas J — -- would. "Immanuel"
should be his motto, and the little "Im
manuel" should be his helper. . ,.., ¦
MSWA Cob OffnniJw. tau out nil only,
com, a dims, and sstld "Two.** Skin's
wonder knew no bounds as he said; .
•"Wfcat;« the matter with you? He nev-.
er would have seen Bs/\* 1 Per;hape not,"
aald Tom, "but I'm not a tttef myMtt,
and I deal travel wtth one when I can
help It."* So after the game Tom's
weary legs carried htm home, refusing
Bain's offer to pay, and Bam got a ser-'
man on honesty that day that he smr
forgot. ' * v
Zn the Bryant the taA of that apexdal
season was the collecting: ef street caT
transfers. . Every boy , -was a oaneotor
and Interest ran high.' Bach aimed to
ret a complete ' set of the forty-nine
different kinds issued by the city lines.
One Friday afternoon John Belden was
triumphant with the whole set. The
last and most difficult one to secure
was the Railroad-avenue transfer. Few
people traveled over that short termi
nal line away down beyond "Butcher
town'! and those who did so required
their transfers to get to the dry. Tom
had all but this one. Be was bound to
have them all.
.' On Saturday he was sent downtown
on an . errand and given two nickels
for car fare. . Instead of riding he
walked down, did his errand and board
ed a Valencia-street car, transferred to
Sixteenth etreet and again to Eighth
and Eighteenth streets, still again to
the Kentucky-street line and last of all
to the Railroad avenue terminal. In
pure daylight be rode all the way t*
ben ran* ami 9hb Oft sat e*ss& . ir
ranging bis snippet upon a tray, gfes
took it to his room, nw the re-rersed
picture and guessed all that was neons)
sary.for her to know. . t
There was a quiet talk and a BtO>
prayer. The lHtla Immanatd again
looked 'out from his frame and Tom's
heart was at peace. , .•; ,
. , Next, morning Tom Celt a new km/I
of happiness; within him. He had
fought another fight, this ttana wtth
himself. What was the right ostxrse ta
take with Bam? Should he apologise
for BtrUdbog Mm? XT be did Bam might
continue his* evil stories. * Tom could
see but one right way and, although a
very disagreeable, one, he resolved to
take It. Seeing Sam in the midst of a
group of boys he walked up with out
stretohed hand and said: "I am sorry
I struck you yesterday, Sam, but I
don't want you ever to tell me any
more dirty stories." One of the other
boys said, with a laugh: "Well, there's
no danger, Tom, If you are going to
listen to them with your fists.'.' -
Saturday was the great football game
between the Bryants, and the Broder-
Icks. AH the boys went and the'ears
were crowded with friends and parents."
Bam and Tom happened to be on the
same car. In the 'crowd the conductor
did not see them and Bam with a wink
put his nickel back Into his pocket For
the second time he saw the lightning
in " Tom's eye and scorn and contempt
were with It. With some difficulty Tom
C £ \ *LL do It." Tom Jumped In his
I seat as something within him
I seemed to Epeak these words
like a foghorn. He looked
around, expecting to find everybody
razing at him, but not an ear had
heard and not an eye wm looking.
It was at the Christina* service, and
the boy was quite carried out of him
self. A first-class Christmas dinner
was filling his stomach with satisfying
content. Shining lights and beautiful
decorations mad? a scene of delightful
harmony. It almost seemed as if the
music must have come from heaven.
Over the pulpit In glowing letters was
the word "Immanuel." which seemed
to be the center of all the service of
the evening. Tom wondered what It
meant and was glad when the preacher
In simple story told of the little Lord
j«tt« who came to earth on Christmas
gay. "Immanuer* was the name given
to him before be was born. "God with
cs" was its meaning, and very tenderly
did the speaker tell of the loving spirit
which brought Jesus from glory to
earth to bring peace to all men.
As the Etory went on Tom realized
for the first time that it was a real babe
that was born at Bethlehem, a real boy
that grew up in Nazareth. Something
of what ths boy life of the Savior must
have been appealed to the listener, and
Tom understood a little of the match
less grace of the boy Jesus as lie went
to the rabbi's school or helped his fath
er In the carpenter's ehop. But what
would Jesus do if he went to IDA Bry
ant school on Geary street, and what
would the Bryant boys say if Jesus
should really eppear with his books
next Monday?
Tom listened with all his ears to the
word-picture of a boy who never
stooped to meanness and who always
lived the truth. Could a fellow be such
a boy as that and go to the Bryant?
Guess not; but why rot? The Bryant
boys needed Just such an example as
Jecus v.-ould be. Then the speaker said
that It was possible for every one so
to copy the life cf Jesus that the world
might 6ee how noble a clean, true life
could be. He closed with a loving ap
peal to every one present to live as
Jesus did and help others to do likewise.
Bo deep an impression did the service
tnske upon Tom, curled up in the cush
ioned pew. that almost without thought
all the chivalry in the boy was roused,
and those impulsive wordB, "I'll do It!"
were the pledge of Tom's . nobler and
better nature to do the will of Christ.
Now. Tom was no angel. That
Christmas dinner was about the only
thing that could have kept him quiet
so long at ence. He was Just an ordi
nary city boy of 12. only with a little
more of mischief than even the average
lad. He was frank and sturdy and had
clear brown eyes which could look you
steadily in the face and never waver.
He was a leader, too. Whether mis
chief or ploy was on deck. Tom was
sure to be in it. When Madam Crosby,
who had a special spite against boys,
scolded the milkman roundly for the
quart of chalk and water which Ehe
found one moraine at her door, per*
haps Tom could have told where a part,
at least, of the stolen milk had gone.
When old Maid Munsey's pet pug came
tearing home Insane with the torture
cf a couple of dozen extra fleas under
hit dose-flttlnr blanket, maybe It
wasn't Tom who had engineered the
capture of those frisky torments. No;
Tom was no angeL The next-door cat
Tom was a trifle late on Monday and
the last bell rani Just as he entered
tie schoolyard. All the boys were In
before him. John Bolden was t£e last
to eater. He had been showing bis
transfers to the boys and as, .the bell
rang he threw off his mackintosh, bans
It upon a hook In the cloakroom, thrust
ing the transfers carelessly into the
•otsUU pecket. Tom hastened In and
hnag u» hla cap M John closed t&e
doer behind him; thin entered the
•oheoZroem just m season to avoid a
bad mark.
Bam was passing through the halls
to his 'own room as the two boys en
tsred.' Be saw the transfers put inte
the ooat pocket, although Tom was tie
only on* who «aw him. Here was
Sam's chance— •> chance to complete his
own set of transfers and to ret Tom
Into trouble. Xt took Just a second after
Tom. had ton* Into his room to secure
the transfers and ret to his own room.
John was uneasy about his treasar*
and resetted leavtn* them In the haO.
Asking* permission as soon as possible,
he went out to get them. They were
rona. No ether person besides Tom
had rone out or la. There could be
no mistake. It wm a clear case. Oe
mff to the teacher, he told of his loss
and accused Tom of the theft. The
teacher called Tom, and he, of course,
denied all knowledge of the matter.
"Search hto," said John. "Are y*a
wUlln* that we Should T said tne taadfc
ex. In answer Tern began by emjrtx
taff his pockets and beran with t*»
one m wniCh his own transfers wv.
Out they eame--farty-nlne of them,
with the Railroad avenue one on to».
John seised th«m wltfc an exclamation
of Joy at reooveTin*: them so eas fly. , TAs
taadnar mi s»d and without rtrtas
Tom a <hano» tor explanation saU:
•Tm sorry. Tom. Take your seat ssad
111 report it t» the principal."
Tom's fmoe was white. His tad
*w*xa and his heart was aide. Baftxe
gas i£ute room he had been accused erf
thaft, smd tie om«nre was seemingly
oiecxly proved. Hsrw he reached his
seat he could not tell. The tajusties of
It all stuns his pride and foolishly
sealed 1 his lip*. Ha could not utter a
word, even had he been asked. Many
were the sympathetic looks, for Tom
was a favorite lntae room, but the
evidence was ¦• -dear that no one
doubted his guilt. His own actions
confirmed their opinion. By ana by
the principal sent for the transfers and
the boys. Tom could by this time think
and ho told his' story, especially hew
he had acquired the last transfer. It
was all bo Improbable that- the princi
pal was reluctantly compelled to act
on the plain evidence which Tom could
not deny. He was the only person who
had se*n the transfers put Into tie
pocket He was the only boy who was
alone with them, They were found
upon him. That Railroad avenue trans
fer was the convincing link In the chain
«fcs> ceasty E=*. aultlr x la th« fh— gfct
c< his Ucodar*! trtamnh. Oa tfee i«
tttra trip be JieocrreA the eo-retad tr*n*w
fer, ''but Instead of twin* It on the Ken
tnck7-Btre*t line he tacked it away ia
bis Inside pocket; tuned up his whistle
and let out on the five-mile walk home.
His forty-nine- transfer* were complete*
and so wfcat mattered a little Iegaehe.
He; would keep his secret till Monday,
and than he would do a little braggiag
himself.
THE SAN FRANQSCX) SUNDAY CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
"IMMANUEL"
7was on theOxus. - In course of time
they spread to the regions south and
southwest of the Caspian Sea. Here
they came in contact with a people
whose religion was very similar to
their own. This people inhabited Ar
menia, Cappadoda and the Zagros
Mountains. Associated with their re
ligious tenets was a priest caste of a
highly sacerdotal character. - j These
priests claimed prophetic powers, in
this- corresponding very much to the
Israelites. Their religion, too, was
monotheistic; but the four elements,
fire, air, earth, water, were specially
recognized as proper objects of human
reverence. ' Fire as the most subtle
and ethereal principle, as well as the
most potent agent, was given especial
veneration. The Zoroastrians came in
contact with this people.and as the
fundamental tenets of both religions
were much alike, they ¦ readily coal
esced. Ths Iranians incorporated the
principal dogmas of belief and adopted
the. most -characteristic religious
ucagps of these people, whilst they
took over bodily their priesthood. The
priests were the magi arid their relig
ion magism. As the fusion took. place
in Media the Magiana subsequently be
came known as a Median tribe. (Raw
linson.) But originally they were lin
guistically and racially distinct from
Medes and Persians. In fact, their
language was-" Turanian, their race
Scythian; they were descendants of
Magog/.' '
- Before and after their amalgamation
with the Iranians they held an exalted
position. They had neither temples,
shrines; nor Images. -They were; not
idolaters like so many of . the nations
around. them. .Thejr had altars, howev
er, and on these the perpetual fire, kin
dled, It was believed. -by a flame from
heaven, was kept alight continually.
To blow the breath upon the flame was
considered . a • defilement- of ' the : . altar,
and so heinous as to be regarded a can,
ital offend -' . ': ¦ "; V
: But beautiful as U. the theory, Blbll- ,
cal conditions compel us to; reject it.
Christ's birth took place, according to
SL Paul, In "the fullness of time."
This fullness of time is an astronomi
cal : expression - meaning the com.ple- j
tion of a cycle, or the revolution of a
sphere in its orbit That cycle, or revo-
lution, occupied thousands of years In
its completion.- 'As we have?-' seen, the.
Star of, Bethlehem had a, periodic time,
which must necessarily 'have corre-"
sponded with "the. fullness.. of time."'
But the periodic times of Mars, Jupiter,
Saturn are all known and are of short,
duration. Even if we apply. the periodic
time to the conjunctions of- the .«l»iiitt ".
the objection .still ':_ holds,.- good.; "The
times of the conjunctions ¦:. are . -known \
and are comparatively . short; > So that I
attractive as is . the • theory of Kepler,
we must dismiss it and look jsls«where.
There Is one star, which fulfills all
the conditions, (a) It was in an especial
sense the Magi's star, (b) . It has a pe-'
rlodlc time., .(c) Its revolution Is of In- !
definite length. . (d) It -was in the sign'
Pisces at the birth of our Lord, (e) I .
believe we can find a /peculiarity > v
which It could be called "Hls\.Star."
That star was Sirlus," the ' brightest ' in ,.
the firmament heaven. :.-
Before we can arrive at out final con
clusion it is necessary, to learn some
thing about . the . wise j men,-,., or - Magi. .
Who were the Magi? ¦¦ Where' did, they
come from ?.;.¦;*¦ • ;..,"'¦ .'- - ¦'
; The etymology of the word Magi . Is
involved \ in much' doubt.' It is \ gener
ally supposed to be primarily a Persian
word, but the Persian' is 'only' a-fonn |
of the original. % Our. word Magus, of ;
which Magi- Is. the I plural,'^ i» but the'
Latin renderin g of .the '; Greek '. . Magos, i
the Persian of which Is probably Maz.
Maz is cognate to MaJ In major, Mag in
Magnus and* Meg In ¦ Megas g (Rawlln
son).' "It-is an intensitive and means ;
much or all." j In Ahura-Maz-da, . Per- j
sian name ,' f or God, It '¦ xneana , the all
wlse or all-powerfuL '
It Is clear, however, that the Persians
borrowed the word, as they assimilated
the priesthood from jthe Medians and
the Medians received it . from the Ac
cadians, who inhabited.- r the country
afterward called Babylonia. The Ac
cadlans were the "Highlanders who
descended from the mountainous re
gion of Elam." (Sayce). To them the
Assyrians ascribed the origin of Chal
deau civilization j and writing. Their
language' is caljed Turanian. Turanian
differs from both the Aryan and Semi
tic languages, arfd Is "used especially
or restricledly , of , the Ural-Altaic, or
Scythian .languages." (Century Dic
?'^nary). *
Thus we trace the term Magus' to the
Accadlans, whose language Is Turanian
or Scythian. The home of the language
and race of the Magi is Scythla. If we
now turn to Jer.. xxxlx., 3, we shall find
an officer of Nebuchadneszer designa
ted Rab-Mag. "Rab means chief; Mag
means . Magian; the' chief Magian. or
high priest. We again locate the magi
In Babylon.' Go back many centuries
to Gen. x., 2, and we read that the
second son of Japhet was Magog, or as
we may write It, Maggog. The Scyth
ians claim to have descended from
Mag-gog. ¦. Josephus . states . that the
Grecians, called the Scythians Magogi
in his day. We have thus traced his
torically and phllologlcally the Maglans
to 'Scythla, .
..-As the Persians, or Iramians, belong
to •; the i = ¦ Aryan stock : In > race and lan
guage,-how came, they to incorporate
Magi Into their own speech? And how
is" it* that' their priests were called Ma
giaris ? To this, - happily,' we j can ; give a
succinct and Intelligent answer.
.." ..The ~ primitive jj historical . religion of
the Persians was Zoroasterlsm, and not
Magiem. Zoroaster was probably/ a
contemporary of . Moses, .and ;l it .'to
worthy of note that the religion of both
was . monothtistlo and similar In many
respects. > -- .-•.. ; /•"... '.': --,.. . y-^%"^ ' -
- The original seat of the Zoroastriani
It was an angelic apparition. No doubt
angels were sent on messages from
heaven to men, and the Angel Gabriel
was used in the annunciation. But
the angelic - vision would disappear
with the accomplishment of the object.
Not so the star; It remained.
II. The star was not a meteor. This
view has been largely held. It is as
serted that some kind of meteoric
phenomenon would best meet the ne
cessitiesof the case. : But any meteor
drawn to the earth would either bo
consumed by the atmospheric friction
or else, would fall ip the ground and
become extinguished. Its appearance
would be . almost momentary.
III. The star was not a comet. Ona
of the greatest fathers of the church,
Orlgen, held this view. But not all
the weight of Origeh's great scholar
ship, could obtain credence for such a
belief. Just recently this theory of a
comet has been revived, unconsciously,
however, that Orlgen was the father
of it.
IV. The star was not a conjunction
of planets. This is the mest feasible
as well as fascinating, theory. It is
that of the great astronomer, Kepler.
He calculated that there was a con-
Junction of Mars, and Jupiter on the
night of December 25, ; ln_ the j year of
Rome 747. Next year Saturn Joined
Mars and Jupiter, according to ; Dean
Alford, the eminent- commentator, the
light of. the three planets blended and
appeared. to the beholder as one light.
What a beautiful Illustration of trinity
in unity— the lights of three, planets
blended Into one light! • Ideler, con
firmed ¦ Kepler's ; calculation .. as to the
conjunction- of the . planets. Wleseler,
who followed, makes the conjunction
in A.' U..C/ 750.' the. year of the! nativ
ity.' now' agreed upon by the. learned.
It Is remarkablei too, that the conjunc
tion" of . the planets topic place In ths
sign - Pisces, the sign of Ju,dea. ; This
theory is also free from the objections
above referred to 1 . .
Now, in the Bible star is -used only
In a twofold signification — literally or
figuratively. In its figurative sense it
means a king or other- civil ruler, an
ecclesiastical teacher, and perhaps an
angel. It is not used in its metaphor
ical sense here. Therefore it means
a reel star.
2. It was a star in motion, It
changed its position in the heavens.
Motion is characteristic of all the
heavenly bodies, and the words of
the sacred narrative are: "The star
went before them till it came." When
..ilrst they caw the star it occupied a
particular cpot In the sky. Now, how
ever, it has a' different position, not
relatively because of the change in the
field of observation, but absolutely by
{change of location in the heavens. No
* doubt the motion was a movement in
its orbit. This will appear more plain
ly from our next proposition.'
3. It was a star that had an aster
stice — it stood at a particular point In
the Eky above them. The statement is
very distinct: "It came and stood
over where the young child was." The
word in the original is "este," from
Istemi; the Latin equivalent of which
Is stare, to stand. Joined with Sol
(the sun) it forms solstice, an astro
nomical term applied to two positions
In the heavens, called the summer and
ti inter solstices. At these points the
sun stands for a few moments before
entering upon his return Journey. In
the same way the star stood on the
meridian passing through Bethlehem,
which marks it as the true first meri
dian of the world
4. It was a star that moved In an
orbit— it had a periodic time. This
Is a roost remarkable statement. We
are told that Herod privately, learned
CT^HE Star of Bethlehem I? a theme
I of wondrous power. It has fasci-
I nated sages cf the East and
JL philosophers of the West. It has
been discussed these 1900 years by men
of varying minds with a freshness that
never falls. It excites a glow cf fervid
Jove in the breast of the saint It
kindles the dying embers of hope in
the soul of the sinner. It is the ray of
heaven's own light to the afflicted. It
beckons the prodigal back to the
Father's home. It gives strength to
the living. It brings peace to the dying.
But though a mystery of awe to
angels, it is a symbol of love divine to
men. As such it cannot fail to pro
foundly interest every intelligent in
quirer after truth. That we may the
better understand the subject ami
more thoroughly appreciate the ways
of God with man, I propose . to treat
the subject under the following heads:
1. The star was a real, true, bona
fide Etsr— not a mere temporary mir
aculous creation for the epeclfio pur
pose. This, however, is the conten
tion cf many very learned theologians.
Three considerations will show the un
soundness of such views.
First — God never works a miracle
except by natural law and through
natural phenomena, when such exist.
When he created life it was through
the media of existing elements already
in the waters. When he divided the
"Red Sea for the Israelites to pass
through it was by means of a strong
east wind, so piercingly cold as to
freeze the waters on either Bide. These
Instances will suffice, although many
others could be adduced. It follows,
therefore, that God mad* use of the
existing stars to announce the nativity
to the wise men.
Second — It is allowed on all hands
that the magi, or wise men, were
learned. They would, therefore, make
use of words and terms with discrim
ination. But not only were they
learned, they were astronomers.
Hence, when they used a.n astronomi
cal term, they would use the appro
priate word or phrase descriptive of
the object referred to. They use the
word "aster," which means an ordin
ary and permanent star, not an ex
traordinary and temporary one.
Third — The other words and
phrases employed by the evangelist in
writing about the star are astronomi
cal terms, from which we conclude
that aster was used In Its ordinary as
tronomical sense.
-Taay offered neriflu alao. Ta» *•»¦
ttm wu brought ntar ta a rtrw, faka
•r fountain, where it wu slain by en*
of the priests with the utmost care,
lest any of the blood should defile the
water. A small portion of the fat wu
consumed In the flame of the altar.
The flesh became the portion of the
priests, upon which they banqnstea
.when the rites were finished.
The magi claimed supernatural
powers as well aa the gift of prophecy.
They Interpreted dreams, cxplain«6
omens and expounded mysterlM. To
their high pretensions they added a
lofty dignity and majestic mein. Their
vestiture was chaste, their, ceremonial
magnificent. Clad In long white flow
ing robes, wearing tall felt hats, with
lappets at the side, and carrying th«
barsom, made of their tamarisk twigs.
In their hands, they chanted mystlo
strains at the sacrifices and as they
poured the propitiatory libation of oil,
milk and honey on the ground, they
presented an Imposing spectacle ta
their Impressive ritual.
Added to this T.-aa their great learn
ing, deep piety and unaffected sano
tity. No wonder then that they wer*
an all powerful priestly casto in some
of the western nations and became
equally so among the . Iranians and
other eastern people. The Persians,
becoming the leading nation of the
world, the magi came to be regarded
as indigenous to the empire. Hence
the general mistake that the :na.;i
were confined to the Persian priest
hood. It was, however, the kin and
co-religionists of the Persian priest*
fcood that, standing by their fire al
tars and looking toward the eastern
sky. beheld afar the wondrous star — j
the star of Bethlehem. '
These men were neither Arabian
Kings, Persian priests, nor Oriental
sages. On the contrary, they were
Kelts— Irish Druids. Their homes were
In the west and their chief sanctuaries
In the western Isles.
Is there a people on the fac* of the
earth whose history fits in with the
conditions necesary to determine who
the Magi were, and whence they
came?
There is one race, and oatr one,
whose history meets all th« require
ments. That race la the Irlah •»
Gaelic
The Irish claim to be descended
from Magog, the grandson of Noah.
They originally came from Seythla.
Their language belongs to the Bcythio
tongue or stock of languages, which
connects them with the ancient Ac
cadlans. This Is the same stock and
race to which we traced the Magi.
The original country of the Magi and
Gael is. the same.
It Is well known that the Irish wcr*
some centuries ago known as Scots.
Bcot comes from Scult, and this U the
Irish for Scythia.
In the seventh century before Christ
the Greeks came in contact with a
race "whom they called Scythians. An
ezacter form of the name waa Scolotl.
Herodotus and Hippocrates dearly
distinguish the Seolots. or true Scythi
ans, from all their neighbors." (En
cyclopedia Britannlca.) It win bo aeea
nt a glance that Sco(lo)ts Is but a dif
ferent linguistic way of spelling Scot
or Scult.
A tribe of the Irish that k»r>t up
communication with th» true Bcythi
ans and other Gaelic tribes in Greece
and Asia Minor was the Tuatha, da
Danan. Tuatha de Danan means
"tribes of Dia and Anah." according to
Professor Sullivan. These are the
sky and sea gods of Accad. Air and
water were two of the four principles
held In especial veneration by the
Magians whom we traced to Accad
and Scythia.
Again the Tuatha de Danan were of
"the race Ibath. grandson of Iarbonei
the prophet, son of Nemed." To these
Danans especially the term Slaglan is
applied In the- ancient Irish annals.
The power of enchantment, interpreta
tion of dreams, working of miracles,
the gift of prophecy and great learning
are attributed to their priests or
Druids. It was th!3 tribe that brought
the atone of Scone, now In Westmin
ster Abbey, to Ireland. On this stone
Edward VII xvas recently crowned.
The Scottish Kings, and before them
the Irish Kings, were crowned on tha
same stone.
The Irish wdrd Druid means wisdom
or Magian. It is worthy of record that
the Irish Scriptures render "there came
wise men from the east" by "there
came Druids from the east." The Irish
words are: "Draioch o naird sholr go
Hlerusalem." which shows the Irish be
lief that the Druids were Magians.
It is a matter of history that part of
the Gaels or Irish In the westward
movement of the race returned by the
valley of the Danube and settled la
Asia Minor. They prefixed their own
name to Asia, and called their abode
Gael- Asia, or Galatla, as It came to be
spelled.
Whether the Druids or Magi' to
whom the star of Bethlehem appeared
were* residents of Ireland, Scythia or
Galatla is Immaterial, for they wire
all the same Gaellb race.
I. . The star was not an angel. No
less a father of the church than Theo
phyiact held this view. He believed
The word qualifying star, phtlnome
non (appearing), is better rendered b'y
the expression "light-giving:." and
means that the light was Inherent in
the star itself; in other words, the star
was a sun. The expressions used ar«
euch as could not be applied to a tem
porarily luminous object.
5. It was a star that had a relative
position in; the sky — it was in'the east.
Assuming that the direct rendering of
anatole is .; "In,: the east," then It has
reference to that particular part of the
heavens to the east of the observer.
The observers, therefore, must have
been west of Jerusalem. Th!s Is a point
to be borne in mind, as we shall have
to refer to It^ more particularly later
on. The conclusion here arrived at Is
contrary t<3 the generally received opin
ion. As far as I am aware it Is uni
versally held that the Magi were resi
dent or located In the east at the time
the star appeared to them. Yet accord
ing to the;$ain terms of the statement
they must j have been located In • the
•nest. Anatole; means (1) the rising of
the heavenly bodies from the horizon:
(2) the dawn' or daysprlng; (3) the east
or orient. Whichever meaning' you
adop.t, the beholder must have' been
west of the star. The star must have
pointed to or been at Jerusalem when
first observed by the wise men. There
fore the wise men must have been
west of Jerusalem.
6. It was a fired star— not erratle
in its movements. The term "star" was
used by the wise men. But they were
skilled astronomers and knew the dif
ference between a star, a planet, a
comet or a meteor, for all of which
there were distinct names. Hence
planet, comet,. meteor are ruled out by
the word aster (star). And hence wa
conclude that the star in the east was
a fixed star. '{¦¦/¦:: ¦-*;
But assume that it was the evange
list who used the word aster. We still
must conclude that it was a fixed star.
In the days of the apostles the differ
ent kinds of heavenly bodies had dls-,
tlnctive names. They are to be found
in Josephus, the Je-xlsh historian, and
St Jude distinguishes a planet from
«. Btar Jude 13)— aster planets (wan
dering stars). Had it been other than
a fixed star the evangelist would have
stated so.
7. It was a star In the sign plsces
of the zodiac— the sign of Judea. This
Is an important factor. Among the
ancients there was a part of the heav
ens called the zodiac. " It was a belt
encircling the heavens on each side of
the ecliptic, or apparent path of the
Bun among the stars, within which the
larsrer planets always remain. It ex
tended to eight degrees" on cither side
of the ecliptic It was divided into
twelve parts called the Signs • of the
Zodiac The different countries of the
earth were divided among the twelve
signs. Judea belonged • to the sign.
Pisces, the twelfth. The Magi, like all
other astrologers or astronomers, be
lieved In the -division. It may be as
well to answer an objection here. It
is that astrology being a false science,
God could not make use of it in the
accomplishing, of his designs. But this
is to object to what God actually did.
If he used a false prophet to disclose
his will surely he would reveal that
will through a false science. It was
not to teach science that God gave his
revelation. He therefore used the
prophet .Balaam, in all probability one
of the old Magi. As Gerlach well says
in his commentary, "As Jesus adapted
himself to fishermen by a .miraculous
draught of fishes; to the sick by curing
of their infirmities,' and to all his hear
ers by his parables relating to the cir
cumstances around them, so- did he
draw the astronomlsts to himself by
condescending to -their- favorite- sci
ence." The star • of Bethlehem must
be connected with the sign of plsces..
So far we have traced some of the
necessary conditions of the star. Let
us now try and discover the star that
f ulfljls these conditions. In ' doing so
we < shall briefly discuss the different
theories put forth and held by differ
ent people, some of them men of great
eminence in their own particular
sphere. We shall also show the. un
tenableness of the different hypothe
ses: • ¦ ....
of the UtEl "what time
the star appeared." The
margin of the Revised Ver
sion gives us a better be
cause a more correct trans
lation of the phrase. It Is:
"The time of the star that
appeared." But the lit
eral rendering: Is "the time
of the appearing star."
There are two words In
Greek for time, kalros and
rhronos. Kalro* means
a fixed time of definite
lepgth, euch as a season, a
• number of known years,
etc But chronos Is the
¦word for Indefinite time, as
a. period whose number of
years Is not known. Yet
ilt Is not the equivalent of;
eternal; It has a beginning
and ending; there Is an
initial starting point and
completion at the same
point, as In the case of a
circle, cycle or orbit. The
wprd which Herod uses, no
doubt quoting the magi's
expression, is chronos, the
Indefinite period.
THE SAN FRANCISCO : SUNDAY;: CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER
SIRIUS
THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM
8"What did he say?" she asked, her
curiosity getting the better of her.
"He laughed. ' Said that the South
had need for such as I," he replied with
sturdy honesty, "but that he would
take great pleasure in killing me when
the~war was over if we were both
spared." .' ¦
"Well, sir, Was not that a fine reply?"
"It was. It was a, gentleman's an
swer. I admired him for it and told
him so. At the same time I tpld him
that he must cease his attentions to
you."
"By what right do you dare"
cried the girl almost choking with sud
den and indignant protest.
"No right. Unless my love for you,
•with a desire to serve you, greater than
everything save my devotion to that
flag yonder, can excuse me."'
"And that cannot. Unless love be re
turned it entails no rights whatsoever."
"And you do not love me?"
"Love you?" cried the girl scornfully.
"I know yam don't, but won't you?"
"You do -not dislike me?**
"Do. you love Lacy?"
"I. will not allow t you to question me";
"You must answer - me," • said the
man, taking her almost savagely by
the " arm, and in^splte of . herself she
thrilled. at his ', touch.
.'.'You hurt me.". 'said the g\fL
"Nonsense! ~.You"hurt me more than
iVdo. Do. you'; love this man?"
."Why not? f He'. has 'his fallings, his
weaknesses, but he fights against them,
he tries to overcome them. The whole
South knows hlni, loves him for . his
deeds, pities him for his fallings. And
"Yes? Tou what?" / -
; "You shall see. -Meanwhile; r before
you depreciate a fellow soldier. Why
don't you 'do- something yourself T You
aiVnot lii the! same class." ."'¦•-. ".
•1 wouldn't say that. Miss Olen, if I
were you," exclaimed - ., Major Lacy,'
quietly entering the long room, through
one cf ' the long windows opening . on
the " veranda. ' * "Ah] ' ' Bempland/ * have"
you told your little . tale?"
I*y that unkind remark! she .,lost a
larg-e part -of her. advantage.' ..
j j "As you say," he;, returned wincing
under her cruel thrust, but persistent,
•"but we are not discussing me, now,
but Lacy."
¦ "Speaking of wickedness, you would,
better discuss yourself, I think, than
him." . ' ¦ • . ; '.., . :
"I will not be put off in this way.
Miss Fan- — ¦" . .
"Miss Glen, please," she interrupted,
but he paid no attention. . *'
¦¦' "Lacy is. well' enough as a soldier.
There is much to commend in him. He
has^ the manner of a gentleman when
he wishes to display it', but nevertheless
he is not a fit person to be entrusted
with the future of a lovely, pure, inno
cent young girl like you." :
"Shame! Shame!" cried the. girl.
"You may cry .'shAme* upon me,", he
•went on calmly, "and I realize, of
course, that I am censurable in speak
ing thus of my rival." .-'
"You flatter yourself."
"How Is that?"
y "You are no rival of Major Lacy's."
' "No? Well, then, as a friend."
"Of his?" .
"Of yours." . :
"Nor are you a friend of mine.". .
"Well, then; as an enemy, a fobl| any
thing! . I "want to tell you that nothing
but unhapplness awaits you If you en
courage him. I know him, 1 1 tell you. I
know what sort of a man he is. Un
stable as water, fickle, dissipated—" •=
. "I'll hear no more!" cried the. girl pas.
slonately, turning her" head, attempting
to leave the"' room.
"Excuse me," said the man coolly, I
preventing her by. occupying the door
wayv "You shall hear me ! . And ¦ hear
thls'flrst of all. I am. not saying. any
thing about Major Lacy which Is not
a matter of vpnbllo :; knowledge , and.
which I have not' said to him directly,
and which I would t not -repeat In his
¦'iyesence.'' - .*''"'."¦'
. "You ; tell me that *• ....
. "You do not believe me?** • ,?
' "I beg: to assure you, Miss Glen, upon
- my ' word. of^ honors—end Jt' has not been
' doubted', heretof ore-Hthat • I. told % him <
/ these \very things not longer , than; half i
"an'hour ago." And "I Informed him that'
I was going to ; tell. you." :
had '.repaired, to , FanitKiL-t^lep'si = house
--and 'there Wad repeated;- standing erect
and I looking down upon'Vh'er , beiKled
• head,^ what he had said 'so- bften'jwiVh'
•his,eyes-:arid ohce'at least;with his lljis.'
.from thi33>ea in. the ward— that he loved
her.andTwaitftd her-fdf his" wife.. ' '
-.Pleasant, thing Lt was for her to hear,
too: . : .'
And Fanny Glen had, not rejected
him; neither had she accepted him. >
She had pleaded for time, -.she had
hesitated and would have been lost had
Sempland been as -wise as he was brave.
Perhaps he wasn't quite master of him
self on- account of his experience in
war, and his lack of it in women, for
he instantly conceived that her hesita
tion was due to some other cause than
maidenly incertitude, and that Harry
Lacy, of whom he had grown mightily
jealous, was at the bottom of it.
He hated and envied Lacy, More, he
despised him for. his weaknesses and
their consequences. The two had been
great friends once, but a year or two
before the outbreak of the* war they
had drifted apart.
Sempland did not envy Lacy any tal
ents that he might possess, for he waa
quite confident that the only thing he
himself lacked had been opportunity-
Fate had not been kind to him, but the
war was not yet over. Consequently,
when he Jumped to the conclusion that
Fanny Glen preferred Lacy, he fell into
further error and made the frightful
mlBtake of depreciating his rival.
Assuming with masculine Inconsis
tency that the . half acceptance she .had
given him entitled him to decide her
future, he actually referred to Lacy's,
well-known habits and bade her have
nothing to do with him.
CHAPTER IL
SHE. HATES THEM BOTH.
"You are," he Bald at last, ' r a lonely,
unprotected young girl. Where you came
from or what you have been doesn't
matter to me. I know what you are.
'And that is why I love you. You have
no father, or brother to advise you. , I
must do it and I will, much as it pains
me. ' If you won't take my affection you
must my counsel"— he called it counsel,
"but only an expert could have distin
guished It from command— "you do not
know this man Lacy. He is a dissolute,
abandoned— ~"
I'StopJ'V cried the girl. "To me he Is
always a gentleman-^a hero." { '
.'The man Is brave enough, m admit.
And he has done some fine things." ',¦-..¦
"Yes,, while other men have escaped
dangers by being made prisoner."
"Yes." . *
"Exposed me to this young lady?" "
"I have."
"And condemned me as - an utter •
scoundrel, a blackguard?"
"Not quite. I told "the truth;" replied
Sempland calmly, "jus'tas I said to you
I would, and. for that I am ready, to
answer in any way you please." "We
can settle the -matter when tho war' Is
over." -'• > • '• • . • .
"Very well. Wliat did you say. Miss
Glen?" continued Lacy, turning to the
girl.
"I told him it wasn't true," burst out
the girl impetuously.
"Ah, but It is." said Lacy softly. "I
am all that he says, and more."
•.• . "But look at what you have done." :
"But little after all. I heard you
reproaching Sempland for wSat he
had not done when I came in. That
isn't fair. No braver man lives than
.Rhett Sempland. Why, did it not take
courage to defy me. to tell roe to my
face that I was a scoundrel, a black
guard? And it took more courage to.
defy custom, convention/propriety, to
come here and tell " you . the same
• things. No. Miss Glen, Sempland only
lacks opportunity. Fortune has not
been kind to him. In that settlement
after the war there will be struggle,
I'll warrant you," '
. ."See! He can speak nobly of you,"
cried Fanny Glen, turning reproach
fully to Sempland.
"I never Baid he was not a gentle
man, could not be a gentleman,' that
is, when he was — when he wished to
be one, that fs. as well as a hero. ' He'
has good blood in him, but- "that
doesn't alter the case. He Isn't a fit
.match for you. or for any woman. I
' am not speaking for myself.' I know
my case is hopeless ""
"Gad!" i laughed Lacy, '"you^ have
. tried ». then ? and? lost?- It's my- turn
then. Miss Glen, you have heard- the
worst of me this afternoon; I ; have
'been a drunkard, a scoundrel." I -have
fallen low, very low. But sometimes
I am a gentleman. Perhaps in your
•presence I might .always be. I can't
, tell. I'm not sure. Will you take me
for. your lover,. and* in- good time.your
husband, under such, circumstances?
Faith> I'm. afraid it'll not be 'for bet
ter/but for worse." .......... ¦.
• -; Semplahd' said nothing. He would
not interfere now. , Fanny Glen must
i answer for herself. He clenched his
teeth and strove , to control himself.
• In ; : spite of his efforts, however, the
blood flamed into his dark face. Fanny
;^G,len grew very white, her blue eyes
.shone. like, stars, in the pallor of her
i face "under her fair" hairl She hesi
tated. She looked from one to tha
(Copyright. IMS. by T. C. McClure.)
CHAPTER L
r —
HERO VERSUS GENTLEMAN.
]F there was any person that Miss
Fanny Glen especially detested and
to whom ehe was determined she
would not submit it was a master
ful man. And if there ever was— if ap
}> arances counted for anything— a
masterful man on earth,
Rhett SeaiDland, at that moment, was
he.
» Th» contrast between the two was
amusing, or would have been had not
tli-' iUrcosphere been so surcharged
v.-ith passional* fueling, for Rhett
Beapl&ttd MM six fr-e t high if he was
au Jnch. vhfle Fanny Glen by a Pro
crustean extension of herself could just
n.ar.ape to cover th» live-foot mark;
yet «?;:<-h was th^ spirit permeating the
c:na!ltr fijsr-jre that there seemed to be
v<> ;rr#-at disparity, from the standpoint
Oi combatants between tliem after alL
Ithett Sempland was deeply in love
• [fll "liss Fanny Glen. His full con
f ;oup:>eFs of that fact shaded his at
te-ipto-d mastery by ever so little.
He was pure of the state of his affec
tions and by that knowledge the weak-"
*»r. for Fcr.ny Glen was not at all sure
that she was in love with Rhett Semp-
Iar.d. That is to say. she had not yet
realized it; perhaps better, she had not
yet admitted the existence of a recipro
cal passion in her own breast to that
*hc liad Jor.rr since learned had sprung
up In his. By' just that lack of admis
i!cn she was stronger than he for the
moment. When Ehe discovered the un
doubted fact that she did love Rhett
flerrpland her vlewp on the mastery of
would probably alter — at least for
a tlnie! Love, In its freshness, would
m&ke her a willing slave: for how long,
events only could determine. For some
a lifetime, for others an hour
en!y can elapse before the chains turn
frtm adornments to shackles.
The anger that MIsa Fanny Glen felt
at this particular moment gave her a
temporary reassurance as to some ques
tions which had agitated her— how
xnech she cared, after all for Lieuten
ant Rhett Sempland, and. did she. like
fclin better than Major Harry Lacy?
Both Questions were Instantly decided
In the negative — for the time being.
Eh* hated Rhett Sempland, per contra,
at that moment, she loved Harry Lacy.
For Harry Lacy was he about whom
tbe difference began. Rhett Sempland.
confident of his own affection and hope
ful as to hers, had attempted, with
zncscrullne futility and obtuseness, to
prohibit the further attentions of Har
ry Ltcy.
Just as good blood, au fond, ran In
Harry Lacy*s veins as In Rhett Semp
lacd's, but Lacy, following In the foot
steps of his ancestors, had mixed his
vith water that Is not water because
It is fire.
He "crooked the pregnant hinges" of
thr elbow without cessation, many a
time and oft. and all the vices — as they
usually do — followed en train. One of
the oldest names in the Carolinas had
b$;n dragged in the dust by this latest
d*5?nerate scion thereof. Nay, in that
dust Lacy had v.allowed — shameless.
persistent, beast-like.
Lacy, therefore, the Civil War
earn* as a godsend, as It had to many
another man in like circumstances, for
It afforded another and more con
renial outlet for the wild passion beat-
In?: out from his heart. The war sang
to him of arms ar.d men— ay. as war.
has sung since Troia's day, of women,
too.
He did not give ever th- habit* of a
lifetime, xvhich. though .short, had been
hard, but he leavensd them, temporar
ily obliterated them even, br splendid
feats of arms. Fortune was kind to
him. Opportunity smiled upon him.
T.'as it running the blockade off
Charleston, or parsing through the en
emy's lines with dispatches !n Virginia,
or heading a desperate attack on Little
Round Top In Pennsylvania, he always
Von the plaudits of men. often the love
cf women. And in It all he seemed to
be.'ir a charmed life.
When the people saw him Intoxicated
on the streets of Charleston that winter
of *C3 they remembered that he was a
hero; when some of his more frightful
transgressions came to light, they re
called some splendid feat of arms and
condoned what before they had cen
sured.
Wow he happened to be In Charles
ton was because he had been 6hot to
r ie ccs at Gettysburg and had been
?•ett down there to die. But die he
would not, at least not then. He would
dot have cared much about living, for
fee realized that, when the war was
ever, ha would speedily sink back to
that level to which he habitually de
scended, there being nothing to engage
his energies, but his acquaintance with
Miss Fanny Glen 1 had altered him.
Lacy met her in the hospital and
there he loved her. Rhett Sempland
met her in a hospital, too. Poor Semp
land had been captured In an obscure
skirmish late in 1831. Through some
hitch in the matter he "had been held*
prisoner In the North until the, clos« ;
of 1S63, when he had been exchanged*"
and. wretchedly ill. he had come back'
to Charleston, like Lacy, to die. '-._. , ; .
He had found no opportunity for dls->
tlnctlon of any sort. : Ther^ was n.?';
glory about his situation, but prison;
life and fretting had made him ehoVr
what he had suffered." At. the hospital;
then, like Lacy, he too had fallen in
love i\ith Miss Fanny Glen. . ' >
By rights the hero, not of this story,
perhaps, but the real hero, was much
the handsomer of the two— it is always
so in romances; and romances— good
ones, that is— are the reflex of life.. Such
a combination of manly beauty with
unshakable courage and reckless auda
city was not often seen as Lacy exhib
ited. Sempland was homely. Lacy had
French and Irish blood in him and he
showed it. Sempland was a mixture
of sturdy Dutch and English stock. Yet
if women found Lacy charming they in
stinctively depended upon Sempland.
There was something thoroughly at
tractive in Sempland.. and Fanny Glen
unconsciously fell under the spell of his
strong personality. The" lasting. impresf
Fion Tvhlch the .gay^ty 'and; passionate \
Abandon of Laey could, hot r 'make,
Sempland had pf/ected, and the girl .was
already powerfully under his Influence >
—stubbornly resistant, nevertheless.
She was fond of both men. She lox*ed
Lacy for the dangers he had passed,
and Semp'.and because she could -notv
help it; which marks the relative qua\-?
Ity of her affOtions... Which ; one- 8K<^
loved the bettor until thd.^hienV'.at
which the story open's she could not
have told. ,' . . ' '_¦ •..
Nobody knew anything about F,anny
Glen. At least there were two facts
only in possession of the general pub-,
lie concerning her. These, how«ver.
were sufficient. One was that she was
good. The men In the hospital called
her an angel. The other was that she
was beautiful. The women of the city
could not exactly see' why the men
thought bo, which was confirmation
strong as proofs of Holy Writ!
She had come to Charleston at the
outbreak of the v/ar accompanied by
an elderly woman of unexceptional
manner and appearance who callea
herself Miss Lucy Glen, and described
herself as Misa : Glen*s\ aunt.
They had taken a house' in the fashion
able quarter of the city— they were not
poor at any rate — and. had Installed
themselves therein With their slaves.
They nade no -attempt .to enter .into
the social life of theVcIty and .pnly;be
came prominent when Charleston" be"
gan to feel acutely the hardships of the
war which it had done. more than, any
other section to promote.
Then Fanny Glen showed her quality.
A vast hospital was established and the
young women of the city volunteered
their services.
The corps of nurses was In a state
of constant fluxion. Individuals came
and went. Some of them married pa
tients, some of them died with them,
but Fanny Glen abided.
Not merely because she stayed while
others did not, but perhaps on account
of her innate capacity, as well as her
tactful tenderness, she became the chief
of the women attached to the hospital.
Many a sick soldier lived to love her.
'Many another, more sorely stricken,
died blessins her.
In Charleston she was regarded as
next in Importance to the general who
commanded the troops and who. with
hisBhlps. his forts, his guns and his
man. had been for two years fighting
off the tremendous assaults that were
hurled upon the citj( from the Union
ironclads and ships far out to sea. It
was a point of honor to take, or to hold.
Charleston, and the Confederates held
it till 1665! .
Fanny Glen was a privileged cnarao
ter. therefore, and could go anywhere
and do anything, within the lines.
Under other circumstances there would
have been a thorough inquiry by the
careful Inhabitants of the proud strict
Southern city into her family relation
ships: but th* v:ar was a great leveler,
people were taken at their real value
•when trouble demonstrated It, and few
questions were asked. Those that were
asked about Fanny Glen were not an
swered. It made little difference then.
Toward the clo6e of 1863. • however,
there was an eclipse i" the general
hospital, for Fenny Glen fell 111. ,
She was not completelj' recovered
early in 1864, when she had the famous
Interview with -Rhett Sempland, but
there ti as not the slightest evidence of
invalidlsm about her as she confront
ed him that. afternoon In February. ._
Wounded pride, outraged dignity,
burning ¦. indignation, ' supplied health
enough for a regiment of convalescents.
The difference between the two culmin
ated In a disturbance which might apt
ly be called - cyclonic, for Sempland on
nearly the first occasion ' that he had
been permitted to leave the hospital
This U the first installment of
"A little Traitor to the South,"
Che thrilling new war comedy
with a tragic interlude, by Cyrus
Towssend Brady. Both the
book and the author are names
to conjure with. This novel is
really a little masterpiece, and
you will get it complete in
three cumbers of The Sunday
CalL
etter. Kh«JeW<!.B9f ;«ptaX..s Bh» wu
too ; cbnscl qus £ofl' thfct#»£eir n flr
«r«-">. Toi ; Bho\wxruld. hav©"< given world*
to- say/^yes", tOyLacy^plea. ',«*.;
.« "Choo|9,4Miss ;'Gi<qa,^t:sald4LaoT t>t
last. .It-wasioardfor^hlm'tajwalt for
anything. ;,'.rYpn^stand-b«^we^ us. you
•ee. ., I warnjyou If^ you-- do notitake me,
you / will •' t ak a U Sempland. ¦ { A Look at
him..; (he .^ jelled "iv'aattificaTtyV-he al
ways'gets? what Jie 'wants/* He la the
very * incarnation \ of \bulldox.^ . tenacity
and Tesoluilon.-MfX;don't^get you he
certainly; ,wiU-^;> ':*}%'. » V #'
"How dare.o-pu comment upon met**
cried* 8empfa*nd.,3 > <^V^^*i :^»ft.
"Pawnee; £m^good^ sfr. f /j.:/if2d the
cth ( er^ coolly,. tf^^oi^coc^^idt upon
me; ta' : .my^atf»«M^Ti{cottpa£nt upon
you 4n^y.QUWi*^n^-t.Tho i Ji4'9^ntag«
la\ml^*J^lT!S^^m^m^^UlB a
chdid&TbjlVeeai Wv, iM
if you fsi?ould\ V^iot f 4 *
bMau"8*e*.i.*h"appenj'to^>a,xe^^3 f jffome
diancifcs for v flfg$fheti>3n^ f o£ J j <#qtrre;you
on my honors adi"th«!ro ? isi'laffccff ift^that
If 8emplMd{gitsVi^|*/<»^%?,|»ll
do better '.thairJL.. ChqbssiftepatSeryou
love hlm^x^^-^tf^M
The girl a* axed; from ,oc«4to/fit5»(efi«r
In Indignant ;bejwtldef^e^t.^j'tsueVj'wa«
an Ideal lover." iJUjcJcfdcIlks
a stern master acd eb«4hated ; «,in«&t«r.
She made a half step toward the'hand
sorner and slighter man, and a half turn
toward the homelier 'and stronger. In
her heart . of hearts she found in that
moment whom she preferred. And as
love Is wayward, in the knowledge
came a surprise for her — and it brought
shame. Lacy was handsome .and gal
lant and distinguished, in spite of all,
but Sampland was strong— a man In
deed. : - "
j "Oh." she cried, looking at him, "if
you only had dona something great.
or "
"What!" he cried, his face alight.
But she -turned Instantly away. In
her words Lacy, subtler and raora used
to women, read her preference and hl»
rejection. But he smiled bravely and
kindly at her in splta of his knowledge.
"Major Lacy." she said, giving him
her hand, "I esteem you, I honor you,
I respect you. I do not believe what
this — what has been said about you.
But I. do not lova >ou." She drew
away from him. "You were mistaken.
There is no choice between you, for 1
love neither of you. . I da not love any
body. I hate you both!" she flashed out
Inconsistently. "Now go! I dont want
to se« either of you again."
She buried her face In her handa aad
burst Into tears.
"I will do something to desarre your
praise," said Sempland In his deep
voice, turning away.
"Miss Glen.", said Lacy most gra
ciously (Fanny Glen's ¦ presence
seemed to call all that was good in him
to the surface), "no one has respected
me, or trusted me. or honored me aa
you have, for years. 8emplasd cannot
rob me of that even though he should
win you. Good-by, and if It be not
grotesque from me, may. God bits*
y ° U! " ' '-¦*.'•*
CHAPTER~ni.
HOW THE OPPORTUNITY WAS
PRESENTED.
\ "Well, Sempland," said Lacy* with
astonishing courtesy and forbearance
under all the circumstances, as ho over
took the older man plodding along the
shaded street, "you don't seem to -be
In much greater favor with the yeans
lady than I." ,
"Lacy." returned the other, "you did
well this evening. You are not rood
enough for Miss Glen, I still think.
Nobody la for that matter, but you less
than other*. My opinion of yen, you
know " i'i • >
"Faith, all th* world may know It
apparently!"
"That's unjust. I hava never men
tioned it to any one and should not
have expressed it to Miss Glen had It
not been to save her. But you showed
the stuff that was in you, that used
to be In you, to-night. It was fine. I
thank you for having aald J* he
paused.
"What?" asked Lacy.
"Why. that about my not having.
had a chance, you know." t
"On. that was a trifle."
"I know. But not many men would
have s<ild it at the time."
"I tell you what it is, Cempland. j I
like you. I always havtf liked you.
When I— <r — dropped out of the old set,
you know, before the war, I didn't
mind giving up any one so much as you.
And I was sorry for you to-night Tou
hadn't had a chance. God knows I love
the girl, but I am not the man for her.
I would break her heart In a month.
Tou don't know women. I take It, but
I think she will. be yours In the end. I
give her to you." . i »
4< She Is not yours to gtra."
¦ "No. I know she lsnt. But I with
draw in your favor." . *> r
¦ "I don't want that sort of a fair field,
Harry," went on the other man, un
consciously dropping Into the familiar
form of- boyhood, which caused Lacy's
face to flush with pleasure; "I am sur«
she loves you. I thought It was I at
first, but eincfl.thU afternoon I have
changed my mind. Why can't you be
different? You are not a fit man to
marry ' any honest woman now, and
when I thought of your record I doubt
ed that you ever would be. I was sura
you would not, but— see here, old man!
Throw the past aside! A fellow that's
got it In him to do what you have
done for the South— why can't you con
trol yourself? Turn over a aaw leaf. I
"love her, too. She's more to me than
life itself, but her happiness la more
A
LITTLE
TRAITOR
TO THE
SOUTH
Sunday
Call
Christmas
Number
Fiction
SectionTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
than mine. If she loves you, and wants
you, make yourself worthy of her. By
heaven. I'll help you. If It kills me! You
thought I was harsh to-day. I swear to
you if you succeed nobody will ac
knowledge it quicker than I!"
"Will you tell her so?"
"I will!"
"Rhett," uald the other man. stretch
ing out his hand, "the woman I love
has this day honored me, but by heav
en. I believe you have honored me
inore. I did think it was a low-down
trick for you to go to Miss Glen, but
I "know why you did it and you were
right It's too late. I can never be
anything different My father and
grandfather both died in drunken
sprees— It's in my blood. I can't help
it I've had a chance - or two to do
something a little out of the ordinary
in this war, thank God for it, but I
suppose the reason I was able to carry
It through was that I eared little
whether X lived or died. No, that isn't
true. I'd rather die than live, but I
would like to go out of existence doing
something fine and noble. I— I — might
get a better chance on the other side,
then, you know. Life is nothing to me,
and there are no possibilities in it"
He spoke bitterly. It was rare that
any one saw him in that mood.
"I tell yea I'm cursed. I wouldn't
take that girl if she did accept me. I
only wanted to trouble you. Well, no,
not exactly that either. I love her,
God knows, but the devil's got me In
his grip and—"
"I can't understand it" **& Semp
land vaguely.
"Oh, of course you can't You're so
strong: and bo self-contained — such
as you never can understand such as
I. But to be a drunkard and a
gambler, and' a — "
He stopped and threw up his^hands,
and then dropped them heavily by his
side.
"It's in my blood, I tell you! It is
not all n^y fault Yet there is good in
me, enough good to make me go mad
if I stop to think of it I want some
way to get out of this life with honor.
I leave the field for you."
"She doesn't love — "
"You're a fool, Sempland — forgive
me — about that woman. \ Not bo
much the good as the bad, but in
some things women are alike, a wo
man is a woman whatever she
Socs. That girl loves the ground you
walk on."
"Nonsense! Ifs you."
"Pshaw! She Is fascinated by what
she's heard on one hand, and she
shuts her eyes to what she has heard
on the other. The war is young.
"We'll be beaten, of course, but not
without some hard, desperate fight
ing. Your chance will come, and
when It does — "
"I will master It or die!"
"Of course, but don't die. Master
It Leave dying to me. I've sought
¦ways for it and now one is at hand."
"What is it?"
"I am going to take out the David
to-night"
"What!"
"Yes. It's a dead secret but I can
tell you. There are three blockade
runners ready to sail. The Wabash
lies off the Main Ship Channel. Of
course, all the others are blockaded,
too, but General Beauregard thinks
that if we can torpedo the flagship the
others will hurry to her assistance
and the blockade runners can get out
through the Swash Channel. Our
magazines are running low. and we
must have arms, powder, and every
thing. There are two or three, ship
loads at Nassau. This Is an attempt
to get to them- If we can blow up
Admiral Vernon's flagship perhaps we
can raise the blockade. At any rate,
it's the only chance for the blockade
runners to get out"
"Did the general order you to do
this?"
"Certainly not I suggested it to
him. They don't order any one to the
David, you know."
"I should say not," returned Semp
land. "Shfe's been down five times,
hasn't she?"
"Yes, and every time with all, of her
crew."
"How many all told has she carried
to death ?"
"Some thirty or more, I believe."
"And she has Tiever done any dam
age to the enemy."
"She scraped the paint off the New
Ironsides one night. and scared her
crew to death, I reckon, but that's
all."
"Lacy!" cried Sempland suddenly,
"I have n*o right to ask favors of you,
but — "
"That's all right Ask."
"Let me go to-night"
•"What's the use? One officer is
enough, and you could not do any
good by going along. I should be in
command — "
"Let me go in your place!"
"Nonsense! It's almost certain
death."
"I don't care. It's my chance. I
can run the thing as well as you."
"Oh, anybody can run the thing for
that matter."
"My life is of no more value to the
South or to me than yours. Come!
You have had your chances, and im
proved them; give this to me."
Lacy hesitated. ¦
"Sempland, you're a fool, as I said
before. You're running away from
the woman who loves you. You're
risking your life."
"Never mind about that" returned
the other. "She doesn't love me and
I want to do It For Ood's sake, old
man, don't be selfish! Let me have an
opportunity!"
Sempland was ordinarily a reticent
and a quiet man, but this possibility
awoke him into action. He pleaded
so long, and so hard, and so deter
minedly that he overbore the weaker
man and finally wrung from him a
grudging assent te his request
"If the general Is willing I'll give
you my chance."
"Thank you. Ood bless you! If I
don't come back remember that
you're to make a man of yourself — for
her." . ; ••'., ¦}.^ ;:^
"You will come back. You must
come back!" '
"General Beauregard," said* Lacy,
as the two young officers were ushered
into the general's office, "I have a
most unusual request to make of you,,
sir." .
"What is it Major Lacy?" returned
the other man.
"I want you to relieve me of the
duty of taking out the David to-night,
sir." • - ¦ ¦ N
"What!"
"I want you to- give It to Mr. Semp
land here." • .¦
"You wish to avoid the danger?"
queried Beauregard, gazing intently at
Lacy.
"He does it as a favor. to me, gener
al," interrupted Sempland. "He has
had his chance, and I have had none.
I begged and implored him to allow
me to go, and only wrung a most re
luctant consent from him."
The general turned his head away;
his fingers tapped softly oh the desk.
j "Things have not gone as we
wished," he murmured half to him
self, "the South is hard. pushed, In
deed. The war has dragged on. It
becomes hoarder and harder, but we
may not despair for our beloved coun
try when her sons strive for posts of
danger and are emulous to die in her
service. Do you know what this
means, Mr. Sempland?"
"What it means, general?"
"There is about one chance in a
thousand of your coming back. Every
time that Infernal submarine has been
, "One has already been selected
from among hundreds who volun
teered. Five seamen are to attend to
the propeller and an artillery officer
to look after the torpedo. ¦ . You can
steer the boat?"
"I lived on the water before I en
tered the army." .'-'. .,'.¦'
¦ "All right The Wabash is lying off
the Main Ship Channel. I have no In
structions to give you except to go at
her- and- sink. her. . I am told the most
vulnerable spot of a ship, is just for
ward of the mainmast Hit her there.
Dqn't explode your torpedo until you
are in actual contact if possible. Gas
sell'swent off the moment he say/ her
without touching, else he would have
sunk the New Ironsides. You will find
the "torpedo boat at the Government
Wharf. Everything Is ready. You
will leave at 7 o'clock. The three
blockade runners will follow you as
close as is practicable, and when you
torpedo the frigate they will dart
through the Swaeh and try to get to
sea. I reckon upon the other Yankee
ships running down tq aid the Wa
bash. I'll see you on the wharf. God
bless you and may he have mercy on
your, souls!" said the little general
solemnly. , . ' t .
He put out his hand to the young
man and he shook It vigorously.
"I pray that I may succeed for the
sake of the South, , sir," returned
Sempland firmly. '
"For the sake of the South, gentle
men. That is our watchword," cried
Beauregard, standing up and bringing
9 "He is going to take out the David."
"Yes?"
"And blow up the Wabash."
Her. hand went to her heart Her
face turned whiter than the frock she
wore.
"My God!" she whispered, "Admir
al Vernon's ship!" .
¦'She loves him! She loves him!"
flashed into Lacy's mind, and for the
moment he suffered agonies of jealous
pain. y
"But," continued the girl, "why
should they— ".
"In the first place.*' went on Lacy,
"If t£e venture succeeds, we sink a
noble ship and put out of the way. a
most determined enemy, and we hope
to let the blockaded cotton ships get
to sea.".
, "But the David!" said the girl, who
knew the sinister story of the crazy
submarine torpedo boat as did every
one in Charleston. "It is sure death!"
" "It is dangerous," Bald Lacy softly,
"but General Beauregard has ordered
Sempland to keep her on the surface.
That ought to give them a chance.
Glassell escaped, you remember, when
he tried the New Ironsides."
"He will be killed! He will be
killed!" she cried piteously, "and —
Admiral Vernon!"
"What is the Yankee admiral to
you, to any of us?" Lacy asked, curi
ously interested to know the meaning
of her remark.
"Why do you tell me of all thla?"
she asked, falling to notice his ques
tion in her anxiety and alarm.
"Because I want you to know Semp
land as the hero he ia and because—
forgive my frankness — -I believe that
you love him. So I want him to hear
you say it before he gpep out It will
double his chances of escape if he has
your love to think of. You will iu-
' "Yes," whispered the girl* "if you
will send him to me."
•There is no to lose. I will
have him here in a few moments."
As he turned away the girl
stretched out her hand to him.
"You have been ; very good— very
brave — very noble," she faltered. ."I
wish- — i — I loved you more * than—
than I do." •
He stooped over her and kissed her
bended head. She was small and so
appealing. He breathed a prayer
over her and tore himself away.
"Thank you," he said, "you have
rewarded me.' Good by."
CHAPTER IV.
STRONG ROOM AND STRONG MAN.
As she heard his departing, foot
step on the porch the poor girl threw
herself down upon her knees and
lifted her hands.
"The South- and— and — he, -mistak
en but stlll-^r-ah, where is my duty?
The ship and Rhett Sempland! I love
him. I cannot let him go! It would
be wicked. God pity me! But how.
how to prevent it? If I can only de
lay him until to-morrow, I can tell tha
general everything, and — is there a
way, is there a way, oh, God ?"
She thought deeply, every atom in
her being concentrated on the prob
lem which tore her between love and
duty, devotion to the cause of the
South and those other appeals, which,
finding lodgment in her heart moved
her so profoundly. She wrestled with
the question as to where her duty lay
as Jacob wrestled with the angel of
old, and if she did not conquer, at
least she decided. Determining on a
desperate course of action, she rose to
her feet and sharply struck a bell by
her side on the table. The house was
them out As they were talking to
gether a light step sounded on he
porch. There was a ring at the door.
The men hurried to their places af
concealment. Miss Fanny Glen hid tn
the dark drawing-room, as Caesar
shuffled along the hall to the front
door.
"Your mistress has sent for me."
said Sempland. And from where she
stood in the drawing-room, Fanny
Glen's heart leaped at the tones of his
voice, k,;.,"
"Yas. sun." returned the darky, ob
sequiously ushering him through the
hall. "Step right dls way, sun. Mass'
Sempland. Miss Fanny done axes you
to go in dls room at de end of de pas
sage, suh. An' she told me she gwlne
be wld you in a minute, suh."
The room was one which Sempland
had never entered before. It was
small, furnished like a library or of
fice, with several large closets and an
old iron safe, and had two grated win
dows and one heavy mahogany door.
It had formerly been used as an office
and as, a treasure room. Seeing the
visitor- safe within Caesar calmly
withdrew, and as he' adroitly coughed
violently in' the pasoago Sempland did
not hear the ponderous key turning la
the old-fashioned lock. Be waited a
few minutes and then aa time was
precious he looked around for a belL
Seeing none he walked to the door.
laid hla hand upon the knob, and tried
to open It It did net give.
"Locked!" he muttered tn surprise.
Raising his hand he struck a light
blow on the panels, but there was ne
reply* Then he called out and re
ceived no answer. He struck and
called again and again, his volee ris
ing to a shout while his hands were
bleeding from the blows he had
rained on the, surface. Finally a voice
came to him faintly through the door.
"Wat's de matta. suh?" ¦
"Open this door instantly, yen blade
dogl Where is Miss Glen?"
"She's a-comln', su,h?"
"I wish to see her immediatelyP*
he cried impetuously, battering again
upon the door in furious rage, which
was stilled the Instant he heard her
voice outside.
"Mr. Sempland ?"
"What is the meaning of this ac
tion, this outrage. Miss Glen?" he
cried. "You sent for me. I came.
Why am I locked in here? Opea the
door! I must leave immediately'"
"You are locked in here by my or
ders, Mr. Sempland," said Fanny Qlea
nervously.
"Impossible! For what ' reason ?"
"Because I — I — "
"By heavens, this is maddening!
You don't know what you dot I am
ordered to-night on a hazardous ex
pedition. I must be at my post in ten
minutes. Let me out instantly!"
"I know," returned the girl.
. "Well, then, why don't you ope?
this door? I will* say nothing of
this—"
"I cannot"
"Why not?"
"I — :I — do not wish you to go out on
the David."
"What is it to you? How dare you
interfere? You said I had done
nothing but He in prison," he replied.
"I will show you to-night."
"Not to-night"
"This is madness! Think what you
are doing!"
"I can't help it"
"Why not?"
"Because I — I — "
"In God's name, what do you
mean?"
'"I will not have you taks tha risk.
It is certain death to you, and the ad
miral's ship — " said the girl so softly
that he could scarce hear her. "You
will forgive me when you understand.
I shall release you to-morrow. Mercy!
Have pity on me, I am almost crazy!"
"Do you know that you will dis
honor me? If you care let me go."
"There Is another reason. I will not
have the Wabash blown up. There Is
a — a — "
"Another man?" shouted Sempland.
"You are a coquette! Let me out I
say! I will get out! My God, was ever
a man in such a situation?"
He beat and hammered on the door
until his bruised hands bled again. He
shook it in its frsine like a madman.
He was exhausted by the violence of
hla efforts and of his passion.
Through it all the girl stood in the
hall frightened nearly to death.
What mad scheme had she entered
upon?, Had she strength enough to
carry it through? The three servants
were terrified also, their eyes rolling
in their sockets, their hands nervous
ly fingering their weapons. Suddenly
another voice, Caesar's, broke
though the turmoil, reaching even tha
ear of the desperate man on the other
side of the heavy mahogany door. He
stopped to Itsten.
"Miss Fanny," said the butler,
"dah's a soger man out at de do' an*
he wants to know If Mass' Semplan'
is heah."
"Tell him, no," said Fanny Glen
resolutely. "Say he left a half hour
ago."
. "My God!" groaned Serapland, "I
am a disgraced and ruined man! Lis
ten to me, Fanny Glen! I swear to
you, on my honor aa a gentleman, if
you do not instantly open this door
I'll blow my brains out in this room!"
"Oh, you wouldn't do that?"
'- "I would, so help me God!"
' There wsus conviction in his voice.
The girl listening in the passage
heard the click of a raised hammer.
"Don't!" she cried in greater terror
than ever, "I will open!"
He heard a brief whispered consul
tation, the key was turned In the lock
and the door was suddenly flung open.
Sempland darted toward it on the In
stant and .recoiled from the terrible
figure of the little woman barring
him with outstretched arms. If he
had suffered within, she had suffered
without the room. Such a look of
mortal agony' and anguish he had
never seen on any human face. She
trembled violently before him. Yet
she was resolute not to give way, de
termined to . keep the door. Clus-
an ancient mansion when it had. been
rented by her aunt and herself three
years before. It dated back to Colo
nial times* There was a strong room
in it, the windows of which were
barred. It would make a safe prison
for any one. He should be put in
there and kept there until morning.
He would be safe there. % No harm
would come to the ship and when the
general knew he would forgive her.
She would tell him the first thing in
the morning.. It would cause her
lover pain and grief, this summary ac
tion of hers, but he would forgive her
and she would reward him with her
self! There was compensation, she
thought proudly and tenderly.
"Caesar," she said as the aged but
ler made his appearance in response
to the bell, "send Joe and Sam and
Cato to me. Beys," she continued as
three stalwart young negroes pre
sented themselves before her soon
after, "Mr. Sempland is coming here
to-night to see ma. I — he — " she
found it somewhat difficult to explain.
"General Beauregard wants him de
tained here. I cannot let him get
away. Show him Into the strong
room on the other side of the 'house
when he asks for me, and then lock
the door on him. Don't let him get
out 'under any circumstances until to
morrow, but on no account are you to
do him any hurt You hear? You
understand?"
"Ya-as, Miss Fanny, I specs we
does," answered Cato, the oldest and
most intelligent of the three.
"Caesar, you show him into the
strong room. Say I will meet him
there in a moment The rest of you
stay in the passage, and as soon as he
enters lock the door upon him. Don't
neglect that! He'll try to get out He
may break the, door down. But you
must keep him there even if he at
tempts to kill you — unless I say for
you to release him."
The three slaves were devoted to
their young mistress and accepting
her orders without a question, they at
once begun their preparations to carry
• s7
spire him to come back. As it is now,
I am afraid he does not especially
care to. He's too good a man to lose,
if we— if you— can save him, Miss
Fanny."
"And this man abused you to me
this afternoon!" murmured the girl.
"He said what was true. I honor
him for it. I love you, Miss Fanny.'
I am proving it to you now as I
proved it to him when I gave him my
place at his earnest entreaty. The de
tail was mine. I gave him the
"Why did you do It?"
"For his sake, for yours. ¦ It's his
solitary chance. I've had so many,
you know."
"And he <ls going to blow up the
Wabash, the admiral's ship, did you
"Yes if he can." ' :.'.'.
Fanny Glen was a picture of terror
plainly apparent in spite of her vali
ant effort to conceal Ker feelings. Her
agitation was so overwhelming, her
anxiety so pronounced, that even on
the hypothesis of an ardent affection
for Sempland, Lacy was completely at
a loss to account for her condition.
What could it mean? But he had no %
tie to speculate upon It. The min
utes were flying by.
"Come, Miss Glen," he said at last,
"it isn't so bad as all that."
"But those men on the ship the —
the admiral! They won't have a chance
for their lives. It is appalling to
think of ! I cannot bear it! I—"
"Let them lift the blockade then,"
coolly returned the young officer, "It
is a chance of war. Don't waste your
sympathy, on them. Bestow it nearer
at hand. Sempland starts in half an
hour. Won't you see him before he
goes?"
his hand to a salute. . '
"Have you any preparations to
make, Sempland?" asked Lacy when
they left the office. . ¦••"
"I have 'a letter to write."
"Very well. I will look after the
boat and will meet you on the wharf.
Shall you see Miss. Glen before you
go?"
"No." .
"You must."
"I cannot. What difference does it
make to her anyway? I will be at the
wharf '—he looked at his watch, it
was already 6 o'clock — "in three
quarters of an hour. Good by.
The two men shook hands and sepa
rated. -
"The boat is ready," said Lacy to
himself, "I saw to that this afternoon.
There is nothing for me to do there.
I wonder— by Jove, I'll do It!"
A few minutes after he was ushered
again Into the presence of Miss Fanny
Glen. She had at first pleaded indis
position, but he had insisted upon see
ing her. •
"I have something of so much im
portance to tell you, Miss Glen," he
began as she entered the room, "that
I was forced .to override your de
sires." , ¦;;-,;¦ J:
"Is it about the subject that we— I
talked. about this afternoon? If so— — "
"It is not. I shall say no more on
that score. I had my answer then." j
"I am very sorry," continued the
girl. "I admire you, respect you, but
—but — but— I do not—"
"I understand.. Never mind that
You said that Sempland had never
done anything to distinguish himself.
Well, he's going to do it to-night"
i "What is he going . to do ?" asked
the girl, all the Ustlessness instantly
going out of her manner.
used she has done no damage to the
enemy and has drowned her crew.
Payne was drowned in her with eight
men when she was first sent out. She
was swamped by the wash of a pass
ins steamer on her next trial, and all
hands were lost. Then she Bank at
Fort Sumter Wharf, carrying down
six of her men. : Hundley took her in
to the Stone River and made a dive
with her. hit mud, stuck there, and
every soul was suffocated. They
raised her and fixed her up again and
tried her once more in the harbor
here. She worked beautifully for
awhile, but fouled the cable of the
receiving ship trying to pass under
her keel, and stayed there. She has
Just been Yalsed, the dead cleared out
of her, now you want to go on her
again."
"I do, sir," returned Sempland.
"Is life worth bo little to you that
you are willing to sacrifice It?"
"There is Lacy, sir."
"Oh, he is different!" burst out the
general, and then bit his lip. "It
would- be greatly to Lacy** credit,"
had flashed Into his mind, "If he could
manage to die In some such heroic ac
tion."
Lacy and Sempland knew what the
general thought, and Sempland could
think of no words to bridge over the
pause. - ,
"You see." at last said Lacy smiling
satirically at Sempland, "the general
understands. You would better let
me go."
"No. The thing sometimes works.
Oassell got out alive when he tried to
blow up the New Ironsides, and any
way, I want this chance. I have had
four years of war and . have spent
three of It In prison. For God's sake,
general — *'
"Very well. You shall hav* It," an
swered Beauregard, "but I will not
have the boat used as a submarine.
You can sink her until her hatch is
awash, but no lower." •'; '.;¦'¦¦
"Thank you," answered the de
lighted Sempland; "where shall I get
a crew?" X, /'/•--;•.:•
10THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALli-CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
tered at her back were the three trem
bling negroes armed one with a knife.
another with a pistol, another with a
stout dub. He would have swept
them out of his path In an Instant had
It not been for the girl. She stood be
fore him with outstretched arms, her
attitude a mixture »f defiance and ap
peal.
"It Is too late.** the said, "you were
to go at 7 o'clock. It Is past that now.
Saved, saved 1"
He could do her no vtoleno*. that
was certain. He stood silent before
her. hla head bent toward the floor.
<h*nfring deeply. Her heart went out
to him then, her soul yearned to him.
Ehe bad hurt him, he must hats her —
and she loved him.
"Will you not com* la and speak
to me for a moment V he asked her
quickly enough at last.
She signed to the m«n. stepped
ferward, the doer was dosed, and
locked behind her, and they were
alone.
"Did yea think to be of service to
E«r he burst out as she drew near
and then paused Irresolute, miserable.
"You have ruined me for life! I
begg*4 that detail. I volunteered. I
must get suL They may wait for me.
It may not be too late. For Ood'a
sake unlock the door I"
Ehe shook her head, s2m eomlO. sot
trust herself to speak.
**I don't understand you. If It ts—
lore — for — me—"
She stared at him b**«*ehlngly. mute
appeal for mercy, for help. In her
lovely eyes.
"You are condemning me to death,
worse than death. I am going!".
'Ton cannot!"
She c**"* closer as sht spoke. Sud
denly he seized her. drew her close to
>»«Tn. held her with bis left arm. and
there was happiness for her in hia
touch. Eh* was as a child before hla
strength. With his right hand he pre
sented his pistol to her temple. He
took advantage of her weakness, but
only in the service of a higher cause
than love of a woman. In answer to a
greater demand than even ehe could
make. Ehe offered no resistance either.
What was the use.
"Boys!" he called oat, sharply. "Art
you there?"
"Yas, sun," answered Cato.
"I have your mistress In my arms,
my pistol Is at her head. If you do
not Instantly open the door I shall kill
her where I stand!"
"Cato, I forbid you to open!" cried
Fanny Glen In a ringing voice, still
making no effort to struggle and look
ing up Into the Infuriated man's face
with the expression of a martyr and
an angeL He saw and recognized, but
persisted. It was his only way.
"Open instantly!" he said again, "un
less you would see your mistress die!"
That was a threat the men could not
resist. In a 6econd the door was
opened. The awestruck faces of the
blacks peered Into the room.
"Throw down your arms, here at my
feet, you black hounds!" shouted
Sempland. "Quick! Or I flre!"
Instantly knife, pistol and bludgeon
clattered on the floor at his feet.
"Out of the way now! Leave the
bail! I want a clear passage!"
"Kill me! Kill me!" cried the girl,
"and have done!"
Ha released her in a moment.
"You have dishonored me!" he cned.
"I fear it is too late. I wouldn't hurt
a hair of your head. But I love you—
I love vou!"
He strained her to his breast, press
ing a passionate, burning kiss upon her
lips. He -wasted a few precious sec
onds, but he could not help it. She
threw her arms about his neck and re
turned his kiss. He could feel her heart
beating against his own.
"I cannot let you go!" she cried.
"Stay with me and I am yours."
"I must go!"
He tore himself from her and ran
down the passage into the street. She
thought she would have fainted at that
Instant, but something— suspense, the
faint possibility of success, doubt—
nerved her to action. After a few mo
ments of awful uncertainty she fol
lowed Sempland along the passage into
the street. He was not to be seen. She
knew where he had gone, however, and
she bent her steps toward the Govern
ment wharf. Ebe went slowly at first,
bat. finally ran at her greatest speed.
CHAPTER V.
THE HOUR AND THE MAN.
The David, bo named because al
though she was email It was hoped she
would strike terror to the huge Go
llaths of the Union fleet, was built of
boiler Iron. Ehe was thirty feet long
and of a cigar shape, her greatest diam
eter being a little less than six feet.
She was propelled by a hand engine
worked by members of her crew, and
could be submerged at pleasure, but
experience had shown that once down
ehe usually Btayed down with all on
board. A resume of her history has
been given. She was a floating or sink
ing death trao.
Originally she was intended to drag
after her a floating torpedo In the hope
that she could pass under a vessel's
keel and explode the torpedo when she
reached the proper position. General
Beauregard, however, had positively
forbidden that she should be Mised as
a submarine any longer on account of
her disastrous behavior, and on this
occasion she was provided with a long
spar sticking out from her nose, on the
end of which was 100 pounds of pow
der in a copper cylinder provided with
four extremely sensitive tubes of lead
containing a highly explosive mixture
which would Ignite upon contact with
a chip's side or bottom and explode the
torpedo.
She was tainted a slate gray and
her ballast was so adjusted that with
the eight men who manned her on
board, one to steer, one to look After
the torpedo, and six to turn the pro
peller crank, her low hatch scarcely
rose above the water. In that condi
tion, and especially at night, she
looked like a plank floating on the sur
face. By hard and conscientious labor
her man-power engine could shove her
along at about a speed of four knots.
Although, the order of General Beaure
gard that she should not be submerged
again had materially diminished the
risk which experience had shown was
overwhelming, yet the proposed expedi
tion was nevertheless hazardous In the
extreme.
In the- first place an excellent look
out was kept on the Union ships on ac
count of the several attempts which
had been made against them by simi
lar boats. If she were discovered, one
shot striking the boat as che ap
proached, even a rifle shot, would suf
fice to sink her. No one knew what she
would do even If she succeeded In ex
ploding the torpedo. It was scarcely
hoped that she could get away from a
sinking ship In that event.
The little party of coldlers grouped
on the wharf bade good-by to the men
who entered the deadly affair as If they
were eaying farewell to those about to
die. Every preparation had been made,
the artillery officer had finally and
carefully Inspected the torpedo to see
that it was In good working order, the
men had descended Into the cramped
narrow little hull of the boat and had
made ready to start the propeller.
None of them wore any superfluous
clothing, for it was oppressively hot in
the confined area of the little iron shell,
and they might have to swim for their
lives anyway— perhaps they would be
lucky if they got the chance. In short,
everybody was ready and every one
was there except the commander of the
expedition.
Great secrecy has been observed in
the preparations lest there might be
a spy In the town who, learning of
the attempt, would communlcete the
valuable Information to the Federal
fleet and so frustrate it. General Beau
regard had caused the . wharf to be
cleared and guarded early in the even-
Ing. It was quite dark in February at
6 o'clock and no one except hi* tmsled
for somt reason which he could not
explain he refrained from easing any
thing about Sempland's visit to Fanny
Glen, merely advising- the ¦ general. In
response to an inquiry, that he had
left him to go to his quarters to write
a letter. ,
Five minutes more dragged along*.
"General Beauregard," said Lacy at
last, "with your permission I will nek
him myself."
"No," said the general sternly, "we
can wait no longer. I need you for
something" else."
"You mean ¦ V
"I mean that I shall carry out the
original plan. Mr. Sempland has for
feited any consideration whatever at
our hands."
Lacy pointed toward the David.
'"Unless you wish to back out."
"No one has ever used these words
to me, sir," answered Lacy proudly.
"I am ready, as anxious, to go as I
ever was. But Sempland — sir, I would
¦take my life on his fidelity."
"It may be so. I can wait no longer.
Will you go, or shall I give up the ex
pedition?" .
"Rather than that, sir," said one of
his staff officers, "If Major Lacy hesi
tates let me."
"Enough!" said Lacy. "Will you ex
plain to Sempland how it came about?
Good-by."
CHAPTER V.
THE HOUR AND THE MAN.
Lacy tore off his coat and vest, threw
them on the wharf, saluted the general
and stepped Into the boat. Some one In
the group lifted a lantern. The flick
ering light fell on the pale faces of the
determined men.
"Good-by," said Beauregard; "you, at
least, are an officer, a soldier of -whom
the South is proud. Remember the flag
ship is your game. She lies at anchor
right off the Main Ship Channel. Good
luck to you. A colonel's shoulder straps
await you here If
you come back.
God bless you all."
He wrung the ma
jor's hand, watched
him step into the
David and whisper
an order to his
men, heard him call
out: "Good-by. sir.
If we don't come
back don't forget
us," and that was
all.
The little boat
was shoved away
from the wharf by
willing hands and
In a moment was
lost In the darkness
of the bay. There
was no moon, and
the night was
dark. There was
no light aave
fmm th« Rtfiri
only explain himself by Implicating the
woman he loved.' The consequences In
either case were dreadful. Fanny Glen
a traitor to the j South? Beauregard
was a stern, inexorable soldier. He
would not condone such „ an offense as
hers. That 'she had failed In her ef
fort to prevent the expedition would
mean nothing to the general. Fanny
Glen, the pride of Charleston, the wo
man who had done more for the South
than any other woman In the Caroli
nas, perhaps, to be disgraced, certainly
to be punished, It might be— shot! 'She
had ruined him, but he had kissed her.
He could not say the word which would
Incriminate her and leave him free. He
was disgraced already; he would be
cashiered. Well, what mattered it?
His chance was rone, the woman did
not love him. His heart was hot against
her. Yet he remembered the scene In
the strong room— had she, indeed, re
turned his kiss? He closed his lips
firmly and said nothing. He would not,
he could not betray her, even to him
self.
"You do not answer, sir! What ex
cuse h.-_ve you to offer?"
"None."
"You sought this detail. You forced
yourself into the expedition. Have you
nothing to say for yourself?"
"Nothing."
"You are under arrest, sir, for diso
bedience of orders, for dereliction of
duty. By heavens!" said the general,
striking his left hana with his right,
"for cowardice!"
"For God's sake, not that, sir!"
"For cowardice, sir! You knew the
expedition was one of extreme hazard/
You have no excuse to offer for not
having been here. What else is It?"
"Not that. sir. Not that!" pleaded
the lieutenant. "Anything but that!"
"A traitor, a coward, I say!"
"General, Beauresrard!" cried a high
pitched voice out of the darkness, shrill
and unnatural with terror and fatigue.
The next moment Fanny Glen herself,
bareheaded, panting from her rapid run,
white faced In the light cast by the
lantern held by the staff officer, pushed
through the group
surrounding the
general.
"Where is Mr.
Sempland, • sir?"
she asked.
"Here, under ar
rest. He failed to
arrive in time. Can
you explain it?"
"The boat?"
"Gone."
"Gone? This
"Major L*ex
took It out"
our country will reward us. If we do
not, the will not forget us. Shake
hands, now. Good-by and God bless
you. Put every pound of muscle you
have Into that crank when we get with
in one hundred yards of the frigate and
jump the boat into her. I'll give the
signal. I want to strike her hard."
"Ay, ay, sir," replied the seamen, as
cheerfully as if there was only a frolic
before' them. "We'll do our best. Good
by and God bless you, sir. We're
proud to serve under you, whatever
comes."
"Thank you. All ready with the tor
pedo, captain?"
"Yes, Major Lacy."
"Good. Down everybody, now! Clap
to the hatch covers and start the
cranks. Easy at first, and when I give
the word— hard!" .
He seized the spokes of the steering
wheel In his steady hand as he spoke.
Back of him, to relieve him in case of
accident, stood Captain Wagner, the
artillery officer. The. heavy planks
were drawn over the open hatch, locked
and bolted. Silently the men manned
the cranks. The little engine of de
struction sped away. It was pitch dark
and very close and hot. There. was no
sound in the shell save the slight creak
ing of the cranks and the deep breath
ing of the crew as they toiled over
them. .
Forward by the wheel there was a
glass hood which permitted the men
who steered to direct the course of
the boat. As the sinister, sea demon
stole. through the waters Lacy caught
a sudden glimpse at last of the spars
of a heavy ship at anchor before him.
The night had cleared somewhat, and
ergy, fairly hurled the torpedo-boat
on the doomed ship. Lacy had time for
a single upward glance — hla last look at
anything! The black railing towering:
above his head was swarming with
men. Flashes of light punctured the
darkness. Bullets pattered like rain on
the Iron. One or two tore through the
flimsy shell. A Jet of water struck him
In the face.
The next second there was a terrlflo
concussion. The torpedo struck the ship
just forward the mainmast and explod
ed, tearing a great hole in the side ex
tending far below the water line. In
the blaze of light that followed the
men In the David cheered wildly and
the next moment blackness over
whelmed them. v . -
On the frigate then was the wildest
confusion as the sleeping men below
came swarmlnt up on deck.' .Boms of
them never succeeded in reaching the
hatchways and were drowned where
they slept. Some were killed by the
explosion. The officers, however, quickly
restored order, and as a last resort or
dered the surviving men into the rig
ging, for the water where she lay was
shallow and there they could find safe
ty. The ship was hopelessly lost. In
deed, she began to sink so soon as the
torpedo exploded. The water poured
Into her vitals and soon the crash of
exploding: boilers and the hiss of escap
ing steam added their quota to the con
fusion.
Some of the cooler among the officer*
and men lingered on the decks, small
arms In hand, searching the sea on
every hand until the decks were awash.
They were looking and hoping for a
chance at the boat which had caused
them such a terrible disaster, but they
never saw her. She had disappeared.
Signals had been burned Instantly on
the shattered ship. Far up and down
the line the lights of moving vessels
burning: answering signals showed that
they wer* alert to render assistance.
Boats, ship's cutters, dashed alongside
to render help, and they, too, sought
the torpedo-boat, but in vain. 8he was
not to be found.
At the same time the ships of the
fleet did not move from their appointed
stations, and when the blockade run
ners came dashing down through the
Swash channel in the hope that the
vessels usually stationed there would
b* withdrawn In the excitement they
were met by a deadly fire from the
rifled guns, which rendered It Impossi
ble for them to proceed. They turned
tall and fled. Two of them succeeded
in returning; to the harbor. One of them
never cam* bade 8he waa set on fire
and burned by the shells of the ships.
The monitors and Ironclads Joined In
the battle, the forts returned the fire
and the quiet night was filled with the
> noise of roaring cannon and exploding
shells.
Lacy's had been a gallant and heroic
attempt. It had succeeded as to the
blowing ud of a Federal warship, but
It had failed otherwise. By a singular
freak of fortune the blow had not
fallen upon the vessel for which It had
been intended. After dark the fine
new sloop-of-war Housatonlc had
replaced the Wabash off the Main
Ship Channel, and she had suffered
Instead of the flaeshlu.
Although when day broke she was
sought for again, nothing more was
seen of the David. At least not
then. With the explosion of the tor
pedo she had vanished from the fac*
of the waters. For a long time General
Beauregard and the people In Charles
ton waited for tidings of her, but It was
not until the war was over and the
Housatonic was raised that the mys
tery was solved. They found the tor
pedo boat with her nose Jammed Inex
tricably into the hole she had torn in
the side of the ship. Perhaps the In
rush of the waves had sucked her Into
the opening, and the roll of the ship
had fastened her more securely. At
any rate she was there. She was, of
course, filled with water, and In her,
at their stations, they found the bodies
of her devoted crew, Lacy with his
hand in the wheel.
Nothing in life had so become Lacy as
the ending of It. It Is a proverb that
the good men do lies burled with them,
the evil is long remembered. It was
not so in his case, at any rate, for men
forgot everything but the dauntless
heroism with which he had laid down
his life for his country, and that as
sured his fame.
And, after all. he was not to be pitied,
for he died the death of his choice.
' • - -- , , i
CHAPTER VII ' ">
A MISERABLE PAIR AND A MIS
ERABLE NIGHT.
Sempland's mind was in a fearful
turmoil. It had all come so suddenly
and unexpectedly upon him that as
yet he hardly realized the gravity of
his situation, although It could scarce
ly be worse. He was under arrest and
in confinement, facing such serious
charges as neglect of duty, disobedi
ence of orders, treason, cowardice!
As to these last, he was so conscious
of his loyalty and Intrepidity that they
did not worry him so much as they
might have done. The other things
were bad enough, but surely, surely*
no one could either believe him either
a traitor or a coward!
His mind did not dwell on his own
situation as it might have dose, either.
If it had not been for Fanny Glen. In
stinctively he had stepped forward t*
gather her in. his arms when she faint
ed before him on the wharf that night,
but he had been sternly waved back
by the general and, without being
given a chance to learn anything
about her condition, he had been hur
ried to headquarters and heavily
guarded In the room where he was to
be held pending Beauregard's further
pleasure. As for Fanny Glen, although
Sempland could not know it, the sur
geon who had been present had
speedily revived that young woman, a
carriage had been summoned, and she
had been taken home under the escort
of one of the staff officers.
Continued Next Week.
' although there was
no moon the stars
Stive sufficient light
for him to see the
black tracery of
masts and yards
lifting .themselves
above the horizon.
How still the loom
ing ship lay. There
-was scarcely sea
enough to tremble
the tophamper of
the unsuspecting man-of-war. . A
faint film of smoke falling lazily
from her funnel in the quiet
air, with her riding and side lights,
were the only signs -of life about her.
No more peaceful looking object
floated over the ocean apparently "It
would be. a pity," reflected the man
at the wheel for an instant, "to strike
her so." But the thought vanished as
soon as it had been formulated. .His
heart leaped in his breast like the
hound when he launches himself in
that last spring which hurls him on
his quarry. Another moment — a. few
more seconds
"That will be our game," whispered
Lacy to the artillery captain, in a
voice in which his feelings spoke.
"Tes."
They were slowly approaching nearer.
The bearings of the cranks and screws
had been well oiled and the David
slipped through the water without a
sound. She was so nearly submerged
that she scarcely rippled the surface of
the water. There was no white line of
foam to betray her movement through
the black water. It was almost Impos
sible for any one to detect the aproach
of the silent terror. /There was nothing
showing above the water except the flat
hatch cover, and that to an unpracticed
eye looked much like a drifting plank.
Yet there were sharp eyes on the ship,
and no negligent watch was kept either.
When the David was perhaps 200 feet
away she was seen. The steadiness of
her movement proclaimed a thing intel
ligently driven. A sharp, sudden cry
from the forecastle ahead of them rang
through the night. " It was so loud and
so fraught with alarm that it came in
a muffled tone to the men in the
depths of the torpedo-boat. A bugle
call rang out, a drum was beaten. The
erstwhile* silent ship was filled with
tumult and clamor. m .
"They have seen us!" said Lacy.
"Ahead!" he cried hoarsely. "Hard!"
At the same instant the chain cable
of the frigate was shipped, bells Jangled
in her depths, the mighty engines
clanked into sudden motion, the screws
revolved, and she began to slowly drive
astern. But it was too late, the sea
devil was too near to be balked of the
prey. The men at the cranks of the
David, working with superhuman en-
"And the Wabash?"
"Will be blown up, please 'God. If all
goes well."
The clrl put her face in her hands,
aa if. to shut out some dreadful pic
ture. She kept them there for a few
seconds, then she lifted her head and
looked unsteadily from the severe face
of the general to the cold, disdainful
countenance of Sempland. The man she
loved shrank away from her.
"Useless! Too late!'-' she murmured,
then fell fainting at their feet.
CHAPTER VI.
DEATH OUT OF THE DEEP.
At 8:30 that night, February 17, 1864,
the little torpedo-boat, after having
successfully passed the monitors and
ironclads anchored Just out of range of
Fort Sumter, and inside the shoals at
the harbor mouth, was stopped about a
mile from the 6uter entrance of the
main ship channel, where her quarry
had been reported as lying quietly at
anchor a^ nightfall. Success had at
tended the efforts of her devoted crew
so far. By Lacy's command the David
was stopped in order to give a little
rest, a breathing space, before the last
dash at their prey, to the weary sea
men who had driven her steadily on
since leaving the wharf.
' The- night was calm and very still.
The hatch covers were thrown back, the
tired men thrust their heads into the
cool, sweet air, so refreshing after the
closeness of their badly ventilated ves
sel, and wetted their fevered, ex
hausted bodies with the stimulating
water of the bay. The artillery officer
took advantage of the opportunity to
make a careful re-examination of the
torpedo, and Lacy was greatly relieved
when he reported that he had every
thing to good : working order so far as
he. was able to Judge. The young com
mander of the expedition was the more
anxious for success because of the pre
vious failures ¦ of similar endeavors.
After, a v ten-minute rest he gave the
order to get under way.
"Men," he, said coolly, "you know
the history of this boat.- There's a
chance, ay, more than a chance, that
none of us will ever come back from
this expedition. You knew all that when
you volunteered. . If we do get out alive
The torpedo boat
Blipped through
the water without
making: a Bound.
She became entire
ly Invisible a hun
dred feet away.
The officers rubbed
their eyes as -they
etared in the di
rection where they
had last , Been her, almost fearing
that she had again sunk beneath the
sea. They stayed there perhaps five
minutes— at least, until the blockade
runners, none of them showing: a light
of any description, could get under way
in obedience to a lantern signal from
the general and noiselessly slip down
the bay In the wake of the frail little
craft which It was hoped would be able
to clear the path for them.
"Now," said Beauregard, turning
away at last, "for Mr. Sempland. I do
not understand It. I never thought him
a coward."
"Nor am I, sir," panted a voice out of
the darkness, as a pale and Breathless
man burst through the group surround
ing the general.
"Mr. Semplandl"
"For God'B sake, «lr, am I In time?
The boat?"
"Gone."
"How long? Call her back."
"It Is too late. 8h« has been gone
ten minutes. Where were you, sir?"
"Who took her out?"
"Major Lacy. Answer my question,
sir."
"He! Mr God! I am disgraced! Dis
honored! And sh»"
"Where were you. Birr*
The young man hesitated.
"•Why don't you answer? Do you re
alize your position? You begged this
detail. Why were you not hero?"
. "Oh, General Beauregard" '¦ — •
"How could you forget your honor?
The South? Where were you, I -say?
Answer or I will have you shot In. the
morning."
"I — I— was detained, sir. I"
"Is that your only excuse, sir?"
sternly.
Sempland was in a fearful predica
ment. To have restrained him by force
was an act of high treason. He. could
staff officers and Lacy^
who had bo magnani
mc-usly surrendered hl3
opportunity to Semp
land, were present. At a quat>
ter before 7, which was the time
Sempland had appointed to re
turn when he left in obedience
to Fanny Glen's summons, the
general besran to feel some
uneasiness. He spoke about it
to Lacy, but was reaspured by that
gentleman, who expressed full confi
dence, that the young lieutenant would
undoubtedly be there in a few mo
ments. He had already of his own mo
tion dispatched a soldier to Fanny
Glen's house and had learned from him
the false nev/s that Sempland had been
there and had left. Lacy supposed he
had returned- to his quarters.
The state of the tide, the necessities
of the blockade runners, who hoped to
escape that night under cover of the
confusion caused by the attack, ren
dered it absolutely necessary that there
should' be no delay In the departure of
the torpedo boat. The time had been
set for 7 o'clock, as late as practicable,
In order to give all the advantage of
'settled darkness before the blow was
delivered* The party on the wharf
waited apprehensively a little longer,
conversing In low tones as the mo
ments ran away, and there was great
anxiety as to the whereabouts of the
missing officer. Beven o'clock struck
from the ancient church steeple hard
but still he did not appear.
"General," said Lacy a few moment*
later. "If I might suggest, sir"
"Go on. What is It?"
"It might be well to send for him/*
"Never!" said the general shortly,
"it Is a soldier's duty to be at the place
appointed him at the specified time.
I shall not send for him. If he has
forgotten himself, his duty, for any
cause, • he shall suffer the. conse
quences." .
Lacy was in despair. He could not
understand the situation. He had not
the slightest doubt of Sempland's
courage. He knew his friend's rigid
Idea of soldierly duty or honor. Where
had he —»ne? If there had been any
way he would have dispatched men
to hunt in every direction, but the gen
eral's prohibition was positive. And
11What did that little boy do? He has
been sent to prison for a month* forlese
majeate, and he has accomplished the
splendid crime at the age of 14. "The
public were excluded from the court,"
writes our Berlin correspondent, so that
we are left to conjecture. Did he curl
his mustache in Imitation of ? But
no, that could hardly be. Was he play
ing at EmperorsV in the street? Or did
he, perhaps, spell the Kaiser's name
with a little "w"? Or was it some mon
strous precocity "euch as criticism of
the Kaiser's portrait that brought the
weight of an empire upon his little
head? Anyhow, little Master Graf has
accomplished the greatest crime that
a Prussian can commit, and he has
done it at the age of 14. We should
dearly like to know exactly, how he did
It. And if we were the Kaiser we
would send for Master Graf, put him
on our knee and get ; him to explain
his views. They would be interesting.
—London Chronicle.
Juvenile Les« Majesta.
With the utmost deliberation, how
ever, Tom adjusted his cap,, and with
out an outward tremor made his- way
down stairs and through the yard. Not
a boy spoke to him and he spoke to no
one. Here and there he heard the word
"transfer" and now and then the word
"thief." His rage flamed high In heart
and cheek, but he would have gone to
the stake rather than reveal that every
taunt stung him as no dagger could
have done.
Tom sat through lunch at borne with
the same stony exterior, escaping the
notice of some of the family, while .
father and mother were wiser than to
ask the cause In public. As they rose
from the table Tom took his father's
arm and steered him into the little
"den" beyond the library and shut the
door. Lifting- his arms to his father's
of testimony. Tom would not say an
other word. His heart was almost
bursting. He would not Implicate
Sam, as he had no evidence, although
he could not help feeling that somehow
Sam was at the bottom of the matter.
The principal gave him till the next
morning to confess and proposed after
that time to confer with Tom's father.
There were no tears for Tom this time.
He marched back to his room with set
teeth and compressed lips, but never
with prouder bearing or stralghter
form. He took his seat and opened his
book, staring at It with unseeing eyes
while his soul raged In turmoil within
him. But out from the page looked the
trusting eyes of the little Immanuel,
and calm began to come. It was a long
morning and by noon the story had so
spread among the boys, helped by the
industrious tongue of the gloating Bam,
that Tom dreaded the hour of dismis
sal.
severe, but he resolved to stand it till
school was over. Late In the session
the principal came to the room with a
request that Tom go at once to call
upon Sam, who could not b« quieted
otherwise. Tom could scarcely walk,
and glad he was to meet his father at
the school door and lean upon him dur
ing the walk home. They stopped to
gether at Sam's bouse and on going
into the room where Bam lay heard the
miserable story of the transfers as Sam
told It In repentant sobs.
"Tom, will you ever forgive me, and
how could you risk your life when you
thought I had done you that mean
trick?" Tom thought of the holy eyes,
but had no answer ready. He couldn't
trust Bam Just yet. The transfers
were given to Tom's father, who took
his own boy home, where mother ten
derly cared for the bruised - place and
put the lad to bed where the face of
the little Immanuel shone with Joy into
the tired eyes of the hero of the day.
Tom's father hastened back to the
school and very gladly the principal
heard the story of the transfers. There
were the two bunches to speak for
themselves. He went to j Tom's room
and told it all and the whole room gave
three cheers for the boy who could suf
fer injustice patiently and return good
f or svlL
Bam was the first one of the Invalids
out. The wounded leg proved a more
serious matter than the broken scalp.
Bam was not mean at heart, but his
training at 1 home had not helped him
to be true. He spent now much time
with Tom, and one day he asked again:
"Why did you do it,, Tom?" Tom was
In bed and Sam was lying, boy-fashion
on the covers beside him. Tom pulled
Sam's head up next his own and, point
ins to the. picture at the foot of the
bed, said: "Sam, that's why."
*iiBTOiiMrjiBWBlMlnff^Br*fititfTP^ii^ffSTfisi^jjtft^iBa^ssl
¦ During: the afternoon the pain In his
leg, scarcely noticeable at first, became
All this, in an Instant, wtnt through
Tom's brain, and then the appealing
eyes of the little Immanuel settled it.
With swift prayer for, aid and swifter
feet to the rescue, Tom burled himself
in front of the car and against Sam,'
knocking him outside the track and
away from its fatal path.' Sam's head
was badly hurt, but anything waa bet
ter than the certain death which
otherwise would have been his. Tom
was unhurt, except for a severe blow
upon his leg from the passing car. Sam
was ¦ tenderly * carried to his home and
Tom took his place In school without
a word. The bell rang and school was
in session, very few hiavlns; rightly
understood what had happened:
senger. Every one was watching the
ball and no one seemed to see the
peril in which Sam stood. The car was
now only a few feet away, and Sam
was in the very middle of the track.
The noise of the boys drowned its ap
proach and, even if the motorman had
nbw looked, he could not have stopped
the car in time to avert the accident.
The principal was watching from a
second-story window, but his frantic
shouts and motions were vain. On
came the car and, without a word of
warning, Sam was struck a terrific
blow in, the Bide and thrown headlong
upon the pavement. But it was not the
car that struck him. Beslds him in
the street there lay another boy who
had taken his life In his hands to save
his enemy. It was Tom who had seen
the whole thing and realized that there
was no possibility of escape for Bam
except as he himself should act But
could he get there in time? And, even
so, was he required to risk his own life
to save a foe?
And so three boys clasped hands orrsr
a new resolve that afternoon. Two of
them would live on earth and the third
would ds.-ell in their hearts to help
them live as Jesus would. The picture
of the little Immanuel went home with
Sam as a gift from his new-found,
friend. A new one came to Tom, and
so two boys grew into noble manhood
under the holy gaze of the Boy Im
manuel.
Of court* Bam dldnt understand,
and so in that quiet room, under tns In
spiration of the loving eyes, ths Christ
mas story was told from ons boy's
heart to another. After Tom bad told
his own resolve and Sam had thus
found a reason for a good many odd
things in Tom's recent behavior. Bam
turned and whispered into Tom's ear:
"Tom, do you suppose he'd let mi try,
too?"
neck and laying his head against his
father's breast, the pent-up feelings
burst forth in one great sob. Sitting
down in the great easy chair and tak
ing the boy into his lap, the father soon
heard the whole story. He comforted
the boy and promised to call later In
the day upon the principal. Meanwhile
Tom need not go to school that after
noon.
So he went to his room while, father
telephoned to the principal, saying:
"Tom never has told me an nntruth.
Give him the benefit of every possible
doubt." Tom was debating whether or
not he ought to go to school. If he did
go, the afternoon would be wretched,
but if he stayed at home It would be
almost a confession of guilt. He looked
at the little Immanuel, and the loving
eyes spoke sympathy and courage.
Tom was no coward and so, with a
last look at the boy in the picture,
he went on his way to school, some
what comforted and yet dreading
every step.
The boys were In the street prac
ticing frfr the final football game with
the Brodericks next Saturday. Games
were now tied, and the last one would
determine the championship between
the two schools. One member of the
Bryant team was 111 and, for fear that
he would not recover - in time, Sam
Mack was put In his place for practice.
As Tom came down the street. Bam
had Just kicked the, ball, which had
landed in the midst of a howling;
group of boys. Sam, all Intent upon the
ball, was backing slowly up, . expecting
to see the ball emerge and return to
him, according to the signal given.
He did not notice that he was upon
the car track, and that a car was
rapidly descending the hill, . toward
him. The motorman -was looking be
hind and carelessly, talking wtth a pas-
Continued From Pagts Seven.
"IMMANUEL"
By Rev. Louis J. Sawyer
had noticed the child shiver. The boys
stirred themselves. "I reckon he Is
cold, Dan," said Reddy. "We'd better
git outer here." Dan lifted the child to
his saddle and swung himself up with
him. Reddy ranged alongside, and they
started.
"Curtiss' kid, Reddy," said Long Dan,
tentatively.
"Yep," answered Reddy, and again
silence fell upon them.
IIL
The "old man" had no stomach for a
fight, even with despised sheepmen; so
he had taken that day to go to town,
and In conseauence was not at home
when the boys returned. For this Red
dy was grateful, for thereby he was
saved the trouble of making explana
tions; and in the old man's absence
the warming and feeding of "the kid"
seemed less of a treason. And under
the influence of the warmth and food
"Runny" became quite talkative. So it
was that before long "the kid" was tell
ing a circle of grave-faced cow-punch-
ers all about the wonderful being
known as Santy Claus, embellishing the
narrative with several fancies which
were distinctly original with himself.
They hadn't been so Intimate as this
with a child for many long days, end
the experience was wonderful. They
smoked and eyed the marvel before
them; and when "Runny" began to tell
them about Bethlehem and the wonder
ful star that the wise men saw, they
were, to a man, pictures of attention.
Most of them, with the exception • of
Reddy, were more or less familiar with
the Bible story, though they had heard
it in the days of their youth, and now
the" dayB of their youth were far behind
them. /When "Runny" came to the part
about the shepherds, however, Reddy
interrupted with a sudden oath— for
which he immediately apologized.
"Shepherds, did you say, kid? Are yo'
plum shore now they wuz shepherds?"
"W'y, course they was shepherds!
They was watch in' their sheep at night
Jlst as my papa does, ofn an' ofn; an'
wen they s-iw th* big star— O s&ssar*B
any we ever see here— they **
"Are yo' plum shore now? Ain't ys*
meanin' cattlemen. kldT"
Runny's lips cuzjed In rtghtwms tit
dlgnatlon.
"Cattlemenl No; my mama's toM ma
ofn an' of'n. They was shspnsrds,
watchln' their sheep Jest as I tell yo*.
An* w'en they saw the big. big star— ¦**
Reddy drew a long breata and
looked around him helplessly.
"Ain't that h 1, boys? J*«t tain*
"The 'old., man'!" snorted Reddy.
"Damn the 'old man'! I'm a-leadln* of
this here procession, an' you Jest ropes
t' me. An' now, kid. I knocks on this
here door, an' you takes y'r salt water
bath an* your sea-foam." And it was
even so. that Christmas eve in the ccrw
country. Anri In the midst of the
mother's teary Joy over the lamb tl.it
was lost and found again, Reddy
turned and dug Long Dan hard in V^
ribs. *
'Stop y'r snivelin*. ye blamed fool!"
he said In a hoarse whlapar. "This ain't
no " funeral— this ' here's . a Christmas
It waa lata wnaa thm toZltna>
rived at th« sti— p east> Onrtti moM
•very herder waa out sssiiiTitlij for Zhm
lost boy, and except for s> stegla gtaua
of light in on* of -the eabtna the- place
was dark and sliest. Reddy took a loo*
breath, as though to brao* TitmasTf for
the ordeal of peaceably approacaJaj* **a>
derned sheep outfit," and then turned
to pick up "Rmay." wnera aa stood
by the fence trying wtth cold ltttla fists
to rub the sleep out of his eyca. They
had bundled the boy up fa old coats,
and Reddy lifted him very ranch as oa«i
would lift a bag of woo!; and yet, bT*
spite of the seeming rudeness, there
was a deal of tenderness in his touch.
"Well, kid." he said. **I reckon this *
is where you comes In fer a heap o*
palaver an' salt water. I Jest Imagines
your mother's over there where that
light la. Come on. you fsEera, An'
don't yo' hang back, neither, or I'll
ehorely do some hard shootin* when I
git back to my gun."
The thought of "salt water** was cer
tainly a fearful one, but each man
gulped hard and determined to "stand
up to th* deal." This was not the way
they had expected to approach the
sheep camp, and one or two of them
"wondered what the "old man" would
say when he heard about it.
tssnaon t» smnd irThsr Tina. sjfWl th— s
wma a starts* ""t Ttda t&Oowa as) -
tasy slowly *»4 not wttbovt wwjdsu
m«nt, aim* thetr own b«tta «pM t3»
rough wan.
-mis h«re s3iaepb«rd2a* story ti j«tV
ty tough, boys," mM Racer, -*n± X
J«rt notifies you aU tight bar* that
she go«at Do an you fsH«n lass/ ray
meads*? Aa' as ft nust Chat this fees*
Is Christmas wv. which sauna Z plum
f ergiu until th* kid tsSa ms* I radkoo
It's abou th' proper caper t* 1st faaaa
here war flxJn"s of earn kaep Osesa nail*
from twin* sfiti rtsailsd with sMtaaaa.
Anyway, Bar X atn t sofa* tf taka any
enaaoss to-night oo Mb* stoat oct ta
th* last rtwnd-trn, an* Car gat ceaoa Cola
outfit la a-gota* m*tk an* bmnbia."
TV.
"It there Is/' said Long Dan, and
swinging from his bronco he went for
ward wth awkward strides to meet this
amazing phenomenon.
Ths child had been crying, but the
tears had ceased at the approach of the
horsemen, and the youngster met Long
Dan with a '"Hello, mister," that was
most reassuring. He didn't Intend
these strangers to think he had been
lost for several hours— no, sir; that
would never do. But when they crowd
ed around him and began asking Ques
tions, bis temporary bravery wilted
down, and two large tears and a weak
Culver In his voice toid them that he
was a very tired and discouraged little
boy.
"My name's 'Bunny* Cnrtlas," he told
them after awhile, "an* I corned t* find
Banty Claus, an' walked eVrn ev*r so
far. Ton haven't seen Banty Claus,
mister, have your*
Reddy shook his head slowly and then
there was the silence of a tableau. The
boy was a slenderly built child, not
more than € years old. with a white face
and eyes that looked up at them wist
fully. Beside him stood Long Dan —
tall, lank and awkward even when per
fectly motionless; while In a half-circle
around them Reddy and the others
leaned silently over their saddle-horns
and chewed tobacco like men in a
dream.
Long Dan was the first to break the
spelL "Ain't yo' kinder cold, kid?" He
Ths party stopped- "Thought yo'
beard a sheep ba-a, Dan 7" Inquired
Reddy, with an open sneer. "Ouesa he's
clttln" skeery already, boys. Better
send him back home." This latter with
a contemptuous motion of the head to
ward Lor.r Dan, who seemed to be lis
tening Intently. Just then all of them
heard the sound— a sort of childish cry,
en* to the side of the trail. Long Dan
spurted away in the direction of It and
the rest followed. What they saw
brought them up again suddenly In a
bunch.
"Well, rm dernedl" from Reddy.
•Teller*, tfs a kid!" ,
Late one afternoon a week later
Freddy and his cow-punchers turned
out of the corral at the Bar X and start
ed for Curties* sheep camp. They rode
forth In a close bunch, as men who
meant to stay together, and there was
no loud talking. A new rope, colled
and tied on Reddy's saddle, was signifi
cantly conspicuous, and each man car
ried his guns where they would be
handiest. The December sky was dark
and dreary, and the wind blew keenly
over the treeless prairie. So they trav
eled on, their hats pulled down against
the wind.
The fixEt mile of the five had hardly
been covered, when Long Dan suddenly
palled up his horse.
"Listen, fellers." he called. "What
waa that?"
FOB some months the boyi of th*
Bar X outfit had heard the
rumblings of the fathering
storm. The sheepmen were
dafly encroaching upon what the cattle
men had come to believe was their pri
vate property, though the same was
the unfenced prairie of which Uncle
Sam was the only owner. The sheep
men had as rood a title to the rang*
as the cattlemen, but the cattlemen
were there first, end— they hated sh«ep
and sheepmen. Bo the storm had been
gathering over the cattle country, and
now that a man named Curtiss had
built a sheep camp within five miles of
the Bar X, Bar X began to add Its
rumbling to the rumbling of the other
ranges.
"I tell yo" what, boys," said Foreman
"Reddy," as he Joined the other boys
after a prolonged Interview with the
"old man." "These here sheepmen hev
Jlst got to git out or the cow business
is gone plumb to smash. Th' old man
*ex he ain't roing to stand it any
longer. He's been lidln' round th'
range, an' he *ez Curtiss' sheep is Jist
dfvastatln' th' v.hole ¦works. An' now"
—Reddy took a chew of tobacco and
rpit before he finished— "I reckon
there's poln' to b<» somethin' drop."
"What's he goin' to do?" they asked.
"It's us fellers thet's to do it. We're to
ride over to that blamed sheep camp
an' Jist teetotally wipe it up. What do
yo' say to that, fellers?"
A rood deal was 6aid to It. but most
cf It was In the way of approval. Long
Pan, to be pure, objected to the san
guinary side of the proposition, but
then Long Dan, as Reddy contemp
tuously observed, "hadn't no more
backbone than a caterpillar." After
which remark Long Dan subsided Into
silence and the plans for the raid were
talked over.
IL
ELWTN HOFFMAN.
I.
of Itf— a oern sneep outfit! But f© on.
kid. I reckon I kin ftknH *moBt any
thing now," and he folded his arms and
was sliest.
"Runny" finished the story, and then
evtn a deeper silence seemed to fall
over the men of the Bar X. Presently
Reddy walked heavily across the floor
to th« door and passed outside. Soon
he returned with the extra rope that
had bun* *t his saddle how, and with
rather unnecessary unction burled It
deep under iom< trash In a corner.
Then he unbuckled his pistol belt and
hung- the same on a nail over his bunk.
A broad sweep of his hand called at-
THE SAN FRANCISCO i SUNDAY CAIX— CHRISTMAS NUMBER. '
A CHRISTMAS PARTY
ON THE BAR X.
12that "the presIdenVslttlrif behind the
saddle, naturally had to put his arm
around her waist to quiet her fear. The
sweet, beautiful something was slipping
but of Tek's life; mechanically she went
to Elizabeth, who sat gazing out of the
window and dropping on the floor be
side her hid her face in her mother's
lap. Elizabeth put her hand on Tek's
head and patted her hair, repeating
softly: "Tek-a-me,. Tek-a-me." Tek
lifted her face eagerly, but already the
hand had dropped listlessly, and Eliza
beth's eyes were gazing far Into the
unseeable where minds; go.
When Old Solem came home that
night Tek met him with: "Father, is
there any such words in the world as
Tek-a-me?* "
her heart beat; something new and
strange and sweet had slipped Into her
life. A slight cough startled them both;
he dropped her hand, but gave it a
quick pressure as his fingers let go. It
was Millie who stood before them. Tek
glanced up at her, then stared, too sur
. prised to speak. Was it Millie? Her
fair hair was done up high on the back
of her head: her sleeves were ruffled
tucked to the elbows, showing her bare
shapely arms: her dress skirt was
lengthened to the ground. She carried
a silk fringed parasol— a relic of her
mother's Eastern finery. All unmind
ful of the stare, she smiled: "Good
afternoon, Tek: you've not been over
for. several da vs. I was afraid your
mother might *a* got worse and thought
I'd come and see If I could be of any
use. Why, Mr. Nevil, I did not expect
to see you again." She extended the
tips of her fingers, which he took and
bowed over, expressing his pleasure at
seeing her again. Tek had a desire to
Elap her other cheek and say, "What a
He, Millie Grayson; you've seen his
borse hitched to that post every day
?Little Tek-a-me,* and as you grew
older it got shortened to Tek.
"As I lengthened my name short
ened." She tried to be merry with him,
but something was. gone wrong. She
could not know that Millie had asked
to be taken home, claiming the sun
made her M-
The following afternoon when the
president came to see Tek Millie was
there before him; his ring was on her
finger and she was explaining that the
name of It was a "diamond" and that
It was worth several hundred dollars.
"I would be afraid to carry such a valu
able thing, specially when It belongs
to somebody else." Tek's attempt at in
difference would have been amusing If
it had not been pathetic. "Who said It
belonged to somebody else?/' flared Mil
lie. "He put it on my finger with a
wish." She did not add that she had
asked him to let her wear It and to
"wish" it on her finger. In telling any
thing for a purpose we always tell mom
than the truth, or less--€ither is as dan
gerous as the other.
¦ Elizabeth walked slowly i>ast th«
and ttll them th» truth. Vd tell
them he had not left my side long
enough to steal a horse." "But I can't
do that; I don't know where they are,
and I could not, nohow. You are cruel
and you don't care if the president Is
hanged. Just because he prefers me to
you." "You ar» such a fool, Millie.
I'll saddle Princ* and taka you home."
To 'her father she called: "I'm going
to take Millie home, father; don't wait
up for me." ' ,
When Old 8ol«m had read his chapter
In the Bible he snapped his spectacles in
their metal case and went to bed. His
faith in his Tek was as his faith in his
Bible. And it was as Millie had said.
"While Harrison slept, dreaming per
haps,' of his rich old father in the far
away East and the gentle mother,
whose every letter prayed him to re
turn, a baker's dozen of men woke him
from 'the pleasant dream and told their
grim errand.
.. H© was; no coward, notwithstanding
his gallant appearance, but when he
looked into those determined faces t the
nleht grew very chilly. ''You will hang
had nerer smiled and never would. /
"Who chopped that tree down?" de
manded Sorrell In his severest tone. "I
did." Tek's voice was dull and tired. "I
don't believe It," blurted out Sorrell. She
held up the palms of her hands. "The
devil." Sorrell was genuinely suprised.
Tek put aside a fold of her short
dress; old Sanchez's present, the silver
mounted six shooter, lay In her lap.
"You ousht to be ashamed of your
selves, taking human blood on your
hands on Christmas day."
"The devil! Is it Christmas? I didn't
know it." .
"Ner I. nuther."
"Neither did I." 0; t.
"Gee whllllklns, I did not know it
was Christmas! Ain't snowed yit.
Christmas is a day for making pres
ents. I eay men, let's make the little
girl a Christmas gift of the life of this
young man and give him three days to
get out of the country in."
"Hi say now has 'ow Christmas gifts
with strings hon 'em hare no gifts."
• "Right you are. old Salt; we'll give it
unconditionally."
The last to speak took, a big knife
from his boot leg and cut the rope from
Harrison's wrists. He of the tattooed
arms rode near and nudged him gently
with his elbow. "Hl'm glaqUiit's Christ
mas. HI was never hat a 'anging be
fore." There was another Jingle of
spurs and clatter of hoofs.-.The big red
sun slipped up above the sno w-rlm. of
It was Christmas eve. The Jingle of
sleigh bells could be heard over the
snow and the winter moon cast a halo
of soft beauty over the surrounding
.landscape. The two women had bei?n
to church and Miss Brown had gone
out before the service was over to at
tend to some church affairs. Mrs. Kem
ble was filled with the thought of her
boy and as she knelt in front of the
crucifix in silent prayer she heeded not
the passing procession of choristers
who had just finished their evcr
glorlous "Adeste Fideles" In praise of
the new-born King.
* A figure in a soldier's uniform *n
tered the church quietly and as hia
eyes wandered over its old columns and
arches, his attention was drawn to the
recessional of the ves.ted choristers.
The sweet perfume of Incense filled
the air, and his heart filled with emo
tion as the familiar sights greeted hia
gaze. The choir slowly* moved down
the aisle, and Jack Kemble's eyes fol
lowed them until their footsteps died
away in the distance. He noticed the
motionless figure In front of the cru
cified Savior, and as the organ pealed
forth Its glad alleluia of "Peace on
earth, good will to men." he walked
slowly to the chancel steps. The les
sons taught In his early youth cam*
back to him and instinctively he knelt
in prayer. ,
As he arose his eyes fell upon the
kneeling weman. He gave a quick
start and as if impelled by some un
seen spirit moved toward her. She
raised her eyes and as Jack Kemble'a
looked down into hers he knew that
his miniature had come to life, and
with a quiet ycry the pent-up feelings
of the mother overcame her, and in
the strong arms of her son she wu
gently borne to the vestry room.
• • •
that slowly died when Miss Brown
hesitated after finishing the letter.
"Oh. don't tell me he 13 not here."
Miss Brown could only shake her head
and led the tearful mother into her
room, where the fire was blazing mer
rily.
took the coach for Nottingham. As It
was growing dusk the following day
she neared her Journey's end. The
coach stopped at Red Cottage, and how
her heart beat high with hope—* hop«
Continued From Page Btx.
Yuletide Beatitude
The two girl* stood together watching
him rifle away— when he had no longer
a sign of excuse to remain. "Harrison
Nevll, what a pretty name." murmured
Millie. She stooped and wrote In the
dust of the yard. "Millie Nevil."
Tek saw the writing. "It's not as
pretty as Millie Grayson." Millie, with
one Quick sweep of her hand, wiped
out the name, exclaiming: "I Just wrote
it for fun" Tek smiled; the smile an
gered Millie. "My father says your
father Is a fool to keep on living with
a loco. He says he ought to leave her
and marry somebody 1 ! wasn t locoed.
If -t wasn't nobody murc'n a squaw.
Tek's face went
white, her nostrils
widened with the
drawing In of
her breath. "That
shows what kind of
a father you have."
"Well. I am glad
my mother's not a
loco." and she shot
a derisive glance at
Elizabeth.
Quick as a flash
Tek gave her a
stinging slap on
the cheek. Millie
cried and went
home. "I wouldn't
*a* slapped her eo
hard," Tek sighed,
"If I had 'a' known
sh<» would not fight
back."
The next day
brought Harrison
and the next and
the next. Old Sn
lem, with a rare
twinkle In his eyes. suggested
that his house seemed to be always on
"the president's" route; and to this day
people In that part of the country who
knew Harrison Nevll remember him
only by that title. It was wonderful
to see the blossoming of Tek In those
days; her father said to her: "My little
Tek'a getting to be a beauty." Bh«
hupged him.
Millie staved away a week and the
half of another. There being only a
mile of dusty level between the houses
eyes accustomed to the plains could
easily see a horse that distance, and
with but little imagination could know
cf a surety that It was hitched to a
post. "The president" sat In the shade
of the house beside Tek; their chairs
were near together; with an Impulsive
quickness he took her hand and held
it fast, moving his chair even nearer.
Tek's eyelids dropped till the laahes hid
her eyes. She did not know that eye
lashes such as hers were a beauty
mark. She was afraid he would hea*
pearance of many head of horses and
cattle could be laid at his door.
The goodly otranger Introduced
himself to the two girls— an unusual
happening— and then It was Millie who
assumed the honors. "Do you stay
long in these parts?" There was a sim
per and an inflection in her voice new
to Tek.
"I did not intend to when I came, but
now I am not so decided about It." He
spoke to Millie, but looked at Tek. Her
cheeks flushed under his boldly admir
ing eyes. She had never seen any man
like that: he was of the people of her
dreams, except that he should have rid
den a camel and have come out of the
East.
¦Ince you were here, and that's why
you came." To keep the desire under
her will she pushed her chair toward
Millie and ran away to bring another,
but not no far that she did not hear
Millie's voice cooing: "Tek Is a good
girl, but so impulsive," and then with
a little sigh, "but one could not expect
much else, brought up as she's been -in
this uncivilized country without any
advantages." Tek was amazed: Millie
was no longer a little girl, she was a
young lady, a species of being of which
Tek had no knowledge. She vaguely
wondered if some time she might wake
up and find herself transformed like
that—hoping she might not. In the
world she had filled with her thought
people there were none like Millie; her
young women were princesses with
large natures and generous hearts.
When she returned to the yard carrying
the chair, which she had been slow to
do", the president stood with his hat In
his hand. Millie stood facing him, look
ing down and marking circles on the
ground with the toe of her shoe. She
looked up as Tek came out and ceased
to make the circles. . "Mr. Nevil is go
ing to take me home on his horse; the
sun is so hot." Tek glanced at the
lengthening shade of the house and felt
her shoulders hitch Into a shrug; a fear
came upon her that she "was turning
into something like Millie. A curious
ache was in her heart as she watched
them ride away. Millie screeched with
fright the minute the horse started, sp
¦When npar to her fifteenth birthday
an event happened in the life of Tfk.
A neighbor settled within a mile of Old
Bolem and the neighbor had a daughter
leas than one year older than Tek h<»r
¦elf. Tek's Joy was as her wide plains
stretching to the west — It reached the
horizon. The other girl's name was
Millie Grayson. she was fair-faced, fair,
haired, blue-eyed. Bhe was Just from
the States by way of the Isthmus; she
knew nothing of crossing the plains;
*he was afraid of horses and ropes and
gTjns. But the dresses Bhe wore were
as ehort as Tek's; she wore her hair in
the same fashion of two braid*,
most of all she told of a world unknown
to Tek. They walked with their arms
arouid <»ach others waist*, and played
with Elizabeth. Millie's friendship
was shown In protestations, Tek's. In
action. It might have pone on thus
unendingly but for the next event.
Out of a c!oud of dust In the fall of
the vear rode a younj? man, end rode
straight into both of their hearts. Then
the se'f that had lain dormant In each
girl's nature rose full grown to life.
He was young and bonnie of face and
roodly favored, this young stranger.
He wore a big Mexican sombrero, with
Bllver ornaments on the crown of It.
A gay sash was about hia waist, around
his neck a many colored silk handker
chief; the heels of his boots were high,
the trappings of his California saddle
and bridle were costly, his Jingling
rpurs were eet with Fllver. On hia ilttle
finger was a ring which glittered rain
bows In the sun. The two girls were
playing with Elizabeth in the shade of
the house when he rode up. They arose
as one and stood waiting for him to
epeak. His eyes brightened with ad
miration as they fell upon Millie's smil
ing countenance, but It was on Tele's
swarthier face and wondering blgbrown
eyes that his glance lingered; it was of
Tek he asked for a drink of water and
for directions to the living place of one
Orton by name, who was not in the
high esteem of the people thereabout,
it being; hinted broadly that the dlsan-
Ills broad chest shook with an Inward
¦ob. "It is the ehadow of the plains,
Tek," he replied, turning his face from
her that the might not see the twitch
ing muscles about his mouth.
A eleh rustled the leaves of the pine
tree and Ehlvered into a breeze that
roared up the echoing canyon; a fleece
cf enowy white cloud drifted across the
face cf the sun; there was a warning
chilliness in its swiftly moving shadow
— and many the mile was it yet to his
promised land.
There were no county lines In Cali
fornia. In the midst of the great plain
he unyoked his oxen and pitched his
tent to stay: it was here the name of
"Old Bolem" was fixed upon him. Houru
and hours, days and days, of years,
Elizabeth sat by a door or window gaz
ing out at nothing; his voice took on a
gentler tone In her presence and Tek
took cm his way.
O*f THOUSAND miles of level plain
i I from north , to south, green
I with clover and patches of
JL sprouting wild oats; bounded
«n the east by the enow wall of the
Sierras and on the west by the hori
aon. A stretch of thirty miles, where
waa but on© tree, a tall oak; it stood In
* billowy hollow of the dead level,
therefore not seen except at near range.
They called It the haunted tree. "Old
8olem" stood in the door of his house
and looked out upon the flat solitude.
"I wonder what's keeping Tek," he Bald.
Old Bolem. with his wife Elizabeth
and his little daughter, whose nickname
wm Tek. had crossed the plains in the
trail of Fremont; he had helped to raise
th« Bear flaw at Sonoma and at Fort
Butter. Hi* wife Elizabeth had dread
ed to cross the plains, but would not
stay and let him go without her.
Merrily enough had they started on
that Journey, which tried to the utter
most the eouls of men; but when the
vast, limitless desert plains were
reached, when the terrible Bolltude
drew near and touched them, and the
train of plodding oxen and canvas cov
ered wagons were as a line of crippled
ants, a strange fear fell upon Elizabeth.
Fhe would come and crouch close to
him, ard was ever looking over her
shoulder, in an apprehensive, fright
ened way. When he arked her if she
was afraid of Indians, che smiled faint
ly and said, "No; it Is the shadow."
"But thrre is nothing bigger than a
buzzard to make a shadow," he persist
ed. She answered him: "It is the
shadow of the plains."
It is not the usual to begin the re
counting a girl's deed by telling about
the father and mother of her; but then,
everybody in the world, except Adam
and Eve and LSllth, has had a father
and mother: and if you know the fath
ers and mothers of re<Tle you are
equipped with some knowledge of what
they themselves have in their makeup.
In the Aueutt days when the dog
i»tar rules and the rattlesnake is blind,
it came to pass that Old Solem stood
under a plant pine on the western elope
cf the Rocky Mountains with a spade
in his hand, beside a new-made grave,
and in it lay his month-old babe. Be-
FMe him Blood the little girl, a look of
nwe on her face; from around th» hind
•wheels cf the oo*vere<l wagon come th«
and mother. She sat down by the
Fmall grave and patted the damp
mound with her slim wasted hand, then
looking up at him with a trusting smile
began to Blng: "By o' Baby Bunting!**
"Why does mother sml!e. father?"
the little girl asked with solemn eyes
cptcrned to his.
the Sierras and flooded the world with
a new day.
Harrison stood before Tek. "You
have saved my life. Tek; what are you
going to *do with it?"
"Nothing."
"But I am your Christmas gift." H«
made a hollow attempt at a laugh.
"Then I will cive you back to your
self, and Millie, to whom you belong."
He took her two hands and pressed
his lips upon them again and again.
He told her she was the only girl In the
world and that he worshiped her.
Blushing for the unmanllness of It, he
explained, in self-defense. hl3 position
with Millie, and Tek believed. What of
womankind would not? Her face shone
with the glory which came first to the
earth when God said. "Let there be
light" Then the thing Millie had
whispered to her that day In the fall
arose before her eyes and burned in her
ears. '*It would be a crime for a girl
with a misfortune like that in her fam
ily to let a man marry her."
She drew her hands away from him
saying in a dull way: "I can never be
anything to you— never, never, never."
No further explanation would she
make, though he pleaded with her for
hours. Finally in very desperation he
told her there was but one thine In
the world would make him rive her up.
If she said she did not love him he
would go away.
Slowly and In a Queer tone she re
peated.
"I do not." It was the first He Tek
had ever told. He arose from his seat
bv her side and stood looking down
upon her bowed head In silence.
From an uneven mound very near the
stump of the tree he gathered a hand
ful of popples, big gold and orange cup*
of sunshine; he twisted them Into a
wreath and laid it on Tek's head. From
his own finger he took the glittering
stone, which had brought such mis
understanding and slipped It on a finger
of hers. She could not hear the vow
he made. She did not lift her face as
he rode away, and he did not look back.
"Wonder what's keeping Tek?" Old
Solem repeated: at that very moment
Tek rode slowly Into the corral and dis
mounted.
"Tek," he called, coming to meet her.
A tone in his voice caused her to look
up quickly. Could It be "Old 8olem."
her father— that man with the spring-
Ing 'step; that man with the smiling
face uplifted toward the sky? She
stopped and looked at him, the brldla
rein sliding from her fingers.
"Tek. I have such a Christmas gift
for you as only God could give— your
mother. Tek, your mother! She is all
her sweet beautiful self again. We have
talked all day and waited for you.
Every day and every night for seven
dark years I have prayed"— he stopped
short In his speech— he was not .given
to much speaking. "Why. Tek, you have
a crown of goM thorns on your head!"
The poppies, true to their nature, had
gone to sleep in the afternoon and stood
out around her head— a circle of sharp
pointed spikes of gold. Tek put up her
hand and touched them.
"It is the shadow of th» plains,
father," she said, and started Into the
house; but involuntarily turned her
face toward the haunted tree. Then It
was that Tek'a heart beat up Into his
throat, for there was Harrison riding
at a hard gallop on her pony's tracks
no mirage, no figment of overwrought
fancy, but himself coming back to her.
She snatched the poppy thorns from
her forehead and hid them In her
bosom. The shadow of the plain* — *«
lifted forever.
m«, gtntleman. If you will; the odds are
against me, but I know nothing to tell
you; and It's not likely I would tell It
If I did," was what he said. It was
an unlucky speech, considering that
their errand was to make him tell. Sor
rell reached under the bed where Har
rison had slept and drew forth a saddle.
"My saddle," he called out exultantly;
"stole with my horse a month ago."
"Perhaps, Sorrell. If you would look
under the other bunk you'd find the
horse."- That speech came near turning
the scale In his favor. The laugh was
on Sorrell. One whose wrists were dec
orated with blue anchors nudged him.
saying In an undertone: "Hi say, has
'ow ye'd better peach on the gang."
There was no reply. "Ter a fine lad, a
fine lad an' brave. HI 'ate to see ye
strung."
"Come, young fellow. Just give us the
names of your friends and you go 'Scot
free.' " urged another.
"Gentlemen, as I have said, I know
nothing to tell, and If I were what you
think me, I would be a poor sort If I
brought my comrades all to the noose
Just to save my own neck."
"That's brave talk, fellows," said Sor
rell, before another had time to speak;
"he'll sing a different tune when the
rope Is round his neck. Come on. It'll
be sun up now before we get to the tree.
He' can sav his prayers as we rida
along." "Too bad, Sorrell. there's noth
ing nearer that's high enough from the
ground to hang a man on. I might es
cape on the way." "No danger," Sor
rell smiled significantly.
One of the things he hated Harrison
for was that Harrison insistently said
Sor-rell Instead of Sorrell, the name
with the accent on the first syllable be
ing the exact shade of his hair. From
Orton's cabin to the hollow where the
haunted oak stood was but a short two
miles— a hollow where the poppies grew
larger and longer stemmed than else
where and the alflllarilla grew ranker.
The sun not yet above the moun
tain top when the cavalcade, the dis
pensers of Justice and the Judge, drew
near. Harrison's hands were tied be
hind him. To say what was In his
thoughts would be to say that which
no roan would tell. At each man's belt
the handle of a revolver showed and
cross-wise before him he carried a rifle,
no sign of relenting In any face— unless
indeed. It were In his who wore the
blue tattoo on his wrists: he had been
as Jolly a tar as sailed under her
Majesty's colors, and the courage of the
man with his hands tied pleased him
mlghtly.
He that was Sorrell both of name and
hair stopped the long easy lope of his
horse in one bound. He raised himself
high In his stirrups and looked ahead.
The others stopped simultaneously.
"What Is It?" What do you seer* came
In several voices. It was nearing the
end of the days of the "vlgilants." There
were Sheriffs and posses with the law
at their backs already in the land.
Unconsciously each man wondered
about the fleetness of his horse. "What
do I see?" replied Sorrell. "See noth
ing. That's it — what's become of that
tree? It was here at sundown last
night. Has the earth swallowed it?
Does any man of you see It?"
They looked up and shook their
heads; no tree was In slprht.
There was a quick jingle of belled
spurs, a clatter of hoofs and the horses
were halted as one on the rim of the
hollow. The tall oak with its gallows
arms lay stretched on the earth. Every
branch and limb of It broken In the
crash of Its fall. On the fallen trunk
sat Tek. her father's ax leaned against
her knees. Her heels were gently tap
ping the bark. 5>he looked pale and
tired; there was a droop to her shoul
ders; 'her mouth looked as though It
fflrla, cradling a t 4oil la htr arms,
motioning them to' keep quiet. "Tek."
•add MU11*. h«r eyes following BUsa~
beth, "you will always har» to b« an
old maid." •'Why muit ir* ••BecausV
MUlle pot her head near Tele's that the
president, who wti approaching might
not hear, and said something In a low
tone. The color of life fled from Tek
that moment— the sun dropped out of
her heaven.
The days went by somehow, sh« hard
ly knew how, but they went The fall
was gone, the winter rain set In, the
grass pushed up Its srreen tinge through
the earth, and again the Christmas tide
was at hand.
In the twilight of Christmas eve Tek
sat watching the full moon rise; hear
ing! her name called cautiously she
looked out and saw Millie standing
under the window, her eyes swollen and
red with weeping. It was the first time
Tek had met her face to face since
Millie had said the thing which
scorched Tek's soul. But Millie's face
was distressed, and. Tek was tender
hearted. "What's the matter, Millie?"
waeMier greeting.
"Come out and let me tell you, sob
bed Millie. 1 Tek climbed out through
the window and suffered Millie to pull
her away from the house, where, with
many fears, she told her trouble.
The -Vigilance Committee" were go
ing to take the presldent-they believed
him to be. connected with a gang of
robbers of which they were sure his
friend Orton was the leader. They were
going to hang him on the haunted tree
at sunrise unless he gave up the names
of the gang before that time. He wore
ray apparel, spent much money, had no
known source of Income, no Interests In
the country, no apparent reason for re
malning-the intervals between unac
counted for absences he made the
abode of Orton his stopping place. All
of this between sobs. "Sorrell told me
all about It and laughed as he rode
away You see. Sorrell Is in love with
rnL te>—Mlllle was finishing her story
£ a manner more natural to her. "He's
'I? * 0 « the president, and between
us two Tek. I hardly know which one
of Snlltti the best, but I could not
bearTo have the president
my father's gone away for aweek.^ Oh
rek. what will you ™ "^
with the feeling
that her blood was
turning to Ice. She
had ridden past the
haunted tree once
after the "vigi
lantes" had been
there, and had seen
a man hanging by
the neck, his shiny,
new hat set cor
rectly, top-up, at
the root of the tree.
She had seen" the
ghastly ' thing at
the end of the rope
sway and turn
slowly around as a
sudden puff of wind
struck it. To see the
president like that?
God in heaven, she
could not! MtlHe
pulled her sleeve.
"I said what will
you do, Tek?"
"What will I do?"
said Tek in a dreary
voice. "What will
you do? Why don't
you go „ and warn
him? If a man were
going to be hanged
tor hanging around
me all summer I'd
go to the 'Vigilance
•oce Committee'
,THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC—CHRISTMAS NUMBER,
"Why, Teck." he answered with a
smile— he always smiled on Tek— "can
you remember so facJback? That's the
first thing you ever. said. You reached
your little arms to your motherland
said, Tek-a-me.' She caught you up
and danced you round the room and
repeated It after you, and that's how
you got your nickname. We called you
THE SHADOW
OF THE
PLAINS
13•• ¦ ••';.; ,. ¦ .-¦-.-,¦-¦ :¦¦ ¦ i
THE v SAN- FRANCISCO •' SUNDAY :; : GyX-CHRISTMAS : NUMBER.
BOOKS FOR THE CHRISTMAS STOCKING
BY ROBEil^W-^
FOR SMALL
SOCKS
OOKS win not go into Christmas
B stockings, as a rule, but if you
will remember it was always to
ward the mysterious piles heap
ed up under the stockings that
you made your first frantic dive
on those early Christmas mornings of
the far away past. Books will go Into
those piles. Books should go into those
piles, and lots of them.
In summer the small boy is certain
that Fourth of July is the holiday par
excellence, but as the sun begins to
hang lower and the crisp mornings
commence to come visions of Christ
mas begin to loom larger and more
large In his head until on that fateful
eve. when there are bo many bulky
packages in the hall window box and
he Is sent. upstairs to bed earlier than
usual, he is positive that there is no
day in the whole year like Christmas.
Really he Is right, for there Is no time
for the children like good old Decem
ber 25. In the early morning there are
the toys, the games and the candy,
then the wild hallos and horn blowings
In the streets, and finally after the din
ner there Is the comfortable curling up
in the big chair over near the window
with the new book propped on knee.
The toys get the first notice, but the
Christinas book is the last love and the
strongest.
Yearly the great harvest of Christ
mas books for the young folks is be
coming more and more rich and of
widely varying kind. For the toddlers
of 3 and 4 there are colored pictures
worthy of a frame of old oak.xind a
place In the library; your boy and
girl receive gilt and leather bound
volumes which their elders hardly
dare touch without a caution. Ver
ily this Is the day of the youngster.
Pterhaps the most beautiful speci
men of a child's book which has come
out this Christmas 6eason is "The
Book of the Child." by Jessie Wilcox
Smith and Elizabeth Shlppen Green,
the two standard illustrators of chil
dren. Beautiful color plates of unus
ual b1z« depict In the remarkably life
like style of the two artists the many
little tragedies and comedies of a day
In a little one's life. A quaint Illu
minated t£Xt accompanies the illustra
tions.
Under other covers Miss Jessie Wil
cox Smith gives us "Rhymes of Real
Children" In an equally charming
etyle. Here Miss Smith interprets in
color the amusing little children's
verses supplied by Betty Sage. The
verses are not too old to interest a
Bix-year-old and yet every one of
them causes a smile to come to the
lips of the "grown-up" who reads
them.
Stin, for the very young fojks there
are a half-dozen more of these serio
comic picture books, which eecm sud
denly to have sprung Into pop
ularity with the Infants. There is "The
Life of a Wooden Doll," by Lewis Sax
by, wherein that spirited individual ap
pears in the various scenes devised for
her by her Email mistress. She is evi
dently a good housekeeper, with a task
for every day; she amuses herself fash
ionably, receives her stiff -legged guests
with, a pleasing boxwood smile and is
the possessor of a stuffed cat, remark
able for her geniality. Then there are
the ever fresh Denslow's picture books,
¦with their uproarious picture mirth.
"The Golliwogs Circu3" presents those
interesting citizens In new pranks for
the delight of their young admirers.
"LT1 Verses for Ll'l Fellers," by George
Vere Hobart, will make good rocking
chair songs when the sandman comes
around.
In the realms of fairy there are plen
ty of tempting volumes for little girls,
and boys, too, who have yet to see their .
first suspenders. "Wally Walderoon."
by Joel Chandler Harris, tells of a little
old man who possesses the wonderful
story-telling machine. "Sweetest Su
ean," "Buster Brown" and all of the
rest of Harris* dream children pay
Wally a visit and hear the magic of his
magical contraption. Mrs. Carter Har
rison has written a particularly dainty
book called "The Star Fairies," in
which there are to be found a half
dozen tales of all sorts of elves and
fays. "Six Giants and a Griffin," by
Blrdsall Otis Edey, Is not half bo ter
rifying a story as would be Imagined
from the title. The giants all belong to
the union, hence are good giants.
For the growing boy who would
scorn a fairy book as being "sissy,"
the Christmas output of the publish
ers offers a wide choice. Perhaps 'the
best books one can put into a grow
ing boy's hands are "Following the
Deer*' and\"A Little Brother to the
Bear." by William J. Long. In these
books, as In his other nature studies,
Long puts before the eyes of his read
ers the plain, unvarnished life of the
woods In such a manner as to cause a
strong feeling of kinship with these
wlldllngs to spring up In the heart of
any healthy minded boy or man. After
reading these books, to shoot down
one of the four-footed would seem a
sacrilege. "Four-Footed Trails," by -
Mabel Osgood Wright, Is equally as
good a book of the same type. .•
Edwyn Sandy's "Trapper Jim" may"
safely be termed the new book for boys '
of greatest practical value and useful
ness. "The best book for boys on the
grand outdoors" Is a phrase frequently
employed by the book's reviewers. Mr.
AN UNPLEASANT THOUGHT
W cannot bear to thinkf^Stfcl .
|S ??' A^p!i\ ¦¦•: ¦ .
i#he fc.ct that winter's
'0 love to coast and hit^ Tydi^-Mide,
%ut there are other thing^b|^<|<|^
The dentist, dancing sdio|j:;
Begin when chilly we-Smeri ;\c6ipLe'^iJ
But wprse than all, I cwniftfe;^ear.
To put on winter undenfeari^^
I lov^^ie cold, I lov^^^^^jj^j--
Ba^^pollen things dcraMi; |g
Sandys has spent. much of his life in
the woods, hunting, fishing, shooting,
painting, trapping, or. simply camping
out for his own quiet pleasure and re
freshment. "Trapper. Jim" is a story;
but the • author has devoted • himself
whole-heartedly to letting j his boy
readers into the secrets of all the
sports and interests that center around
woods and lakes and streams and
fields, even including sparring, and
stuffing wild creatures that have been
killed.
Cyrus Townsend Brady has written
a good book for boys in "In the War
With Mexico." This stirring_ story of
war and adventure, the second to, ap
pear In the VBoys of the Service.", has
a vivid historical setting of uncommon
interest. The amusing and exciting ex
periences of Midshipman Nod Denton
of the Wasp's Nest and his two sailor
comrades, ashore as well as afloat, af
ford, also, a striking ¦panorama of our
war with Mexico; and It is a auestlon
whether his experiences aboard the
U. S. S. Somers, with the story, of the
.mutiny and the account of her wreck,
or his march with Scott upbn : the City
of Mexico, are the' most absorbing. The
reader meets, ' In . the': beginnings of
their careers, , Grant, Lee, McClellan,
Beauregard, kearny and other famous
generals of a later period.
Every boy likes to read \ about him
self or to recognize in the tale of some
other small boy Just -what he would do
himself were he to be similarly situ
ated. . There Jore, jttie' freckle-faced
youngster will welcome " Johnnie,'? the
story of a boy, by E. .. O. Laughlln.
Johnnie is not a good little; boy, nor a
very bad little boy— Just a - boy who
would scare his sister with a. live garter
snake or make a botch of his "exercise"
on the last day of school like any other
boy. Any. boy can find his own picture
in "Johnny." . . .
Without doubt the sweetest story for
girls, and girls' mothers as well, which
has come out this year is "The Awaken
ing of the Duchess." .In this little story
Francis Charles points only, too strong
a moral, and yet nothing of the didac
tic intrudes upon the thread of the nar
rative. It is ;the story of the awaken
ing of a mother's love for her only
daughter after. for many years locking
her out of her. heart with the glided
key of society. The book is a strong
call to some sorts of mothers. •
- "Aunt Jimmy's Will" is another ex
cellent story" for both girls and' their
elders. This attractive story details the
adventures'of . a brave, true-hearted lit
tle girl,- named Bird O'Mara. At, the
opening of the story Bird is left an
orphan- by the death- of her, father, a
painter of- much cultivation and refine
ment, who has : spent * the last years of
his ' llf e : in "¦ the cauntry. A half-brother
of ' her father/comes, for .her and takes
her. ; sorely :;agalrist- her" will,\ down' to
New York, where Bird has to live with
people who do not understand how to
get happiness out of life, or how to get
happiness Into It for others. ¦ *
These, then, O distracted Christmas
shopper, are a few of the best that can
be had for the young ones at home or
in others' homes. Remember that every
other day in the year you are buying
books for your own reading and start
the young • ones right by buying good
books for their edification.
IN LARGER
ONES
FOTallfor the dhildren are the
books, offered to the; Christmas
buyer. For the gentle lover; of
good books, whose purse strings
will not nearly, encompass his
o'erweenlng affection, the holi
day bookstalls offer a refined and ex
quisite torture, f One is really resolved
with Franklin to wear the old coat
and buy the new book. . .• .
The j book trade this Christmas pre
sents some unusual features. One of
these Is the absence of the, cumber
some volumes, elaborately, illustrated,
which ' used to . pass under the generic
-title of "gift, books." Despite the fact
that .there " are several folios of draw
ings by popular : artists which still
catch the fancy, the tendency this year
has been in the. direction of quality at
the expense of quantity. A few poems
of Browning, the choicest bits of Ten
nyson,' are gathered into a small and
dainty; book of handmade paper, with
a rich leather binding, and sold as a
much, more acceptable gift than the
overgrown "gift book"' of past sea
sons.-. • . w^. : - % - : t';f-'*
' The question of what books are hav
ing the largest holiday sales admits of
varying answers; some say. that the
solid reading has : the most demand,
others swear by fiction. There ¦ are
'some voracious fiction readers who
greedily consume every new novel as
It appears and . for, whom a little salt
of sincerity In the form of good his
tory or biography would add a much
needed condiment to * their literary
pabulum.
Of ..this/ class of substantial books
the two which can be called pre-emi
nently the best of the year are John
Morley's ."Life\>f William Ewart Glad
stone" and Senator . Hoar's
raphy . of Seventy Years." , John Mqr
ley's biography of the great commoner
is as faithful a record. of a life as ever
thfi assiduous Boswell was capable of,
but < It *; is also written with; such a
knowledge of the political atmosphere
In which Gladstone .moved and with
such accuracy in all the enormous de
tail of his public life that it may well
stand as a history of the last quarter
century of the Victorian asre. Besides
Gladstone the statesman, Morley pic
tures Gladstone the man in a manner
which makes the reader see him in as
intimate a light as if his conception
was born of -. personal acquaintance
with the great Englishman. Senator
Hoar's story of his own life is the dual
record of his private' life 'and long
public career. In this Hoar does not
hesitate to express his candid opinion
about some of the men and events
connected with ' Congress . In- bygone
years. His opinions are always force
ful./ ¦¦¦ ¦.¦¦; ; :.; .- • ->_.¦;
Of .books .of travel and* exploration,
Sven : :Hedi'n's new- book,' "Central Asia
and • Thibet," ' is easily the leader this
year. This - book is the j first adequate
description of his remarkable expedi
tion, and Its accomplishments, an expe
dition bo rich In adventure as well as
solid achievement that he has - been
called by. the London press "the mod
ern knight-errant of science." All these
experiences he '¦: j describes . graphically,
including, among, others, his several
narrow ¦ escapes from death; his" navi
gation of 1500 miles in a ferry-boat, his
discovery' of the remains of cities dat
ing from the 1 third century ¦ A. D., with
translations of 1 Chinese 'manuscripts
there unearthed : his crossing of ths
mountains of. Thibet with the largest
and strongest caravan which has ever
traversed that country, his extraordi
nary Journey in disguise toward Lhasa,
his discovery, by Thibetan spies warned
of his intention to enter Lhasa; his cap
tivity and escort by 600 Thibetans, -his
conflicts with them "and his voyage In
an English folding .boat' over: twelve
Thibetan .lakes.
Sir" Gilbert, Parker has contributed
"Old Quebec: the Fortress of New
France" to the season's list of .standard
books on travel. Americans who make
even a brief sojourn in that friost indi
vidual of Canadian cities feel (the effec
tive and potent spell which if casts on
all: who have lived within its curious
limits. Many of the episodes and Inci
dents in its history are dramatically ef
fective, and through good use of these
episodes in Its founding, in its struggles
and in its. Intimate connection with the
most * stirring j period in; the history of
the continent, the author has been able
to write^ a charming book.
A somewhat tardy echo of .the Boxer
movement, yet a fascinating, book with
al, is the posthumous publication of the
letters " written' from'* China . by Wilbur
J. Chamberlln to his family. Under, the
title "Ordered : to: China"" there are
gathered together the epistles which
this brilliant: correspondent of the New
York f, Sun penned during ', the .; heat" of
the troublesome times following the" re- ,
lief - of ' the * legations by troops * of the
powers. The stamp of , the good news
paper man is : uppn each one of these
crisp, vivid recountals of 'what v.*as
daily passing before his eyes. . He
¦writes: to his .wife and sister with as
faithful adherence to the stirring de
tails of the Boxer outbreaks as he
,would show in the reports to* his paper.
Unfortunate it was that death came to
this faithful worker in the pursuit of
his duty. '-?:']
There is one recent book which has
not attracted the attention due to* It
and that Is "The Thoughtless Thoughts
of Carlsabel." This is a collection of
thirty little satires upon modfern foibles
which may well stand comparison with
Charles Lamb's delightful gibes at pop
ular misconceptions. . They were first
published In the Baltimore Sun, but
now are given the covers they so well
merit.
Isa Carrington Cabell, for that is the
solution of the rebus. which fathers the
book, is evidently the cherriest of op
timists., but is endowed with that rare
trait of seeing the. humor in every-day
commonplaces. The' author has the
trick' of drawing the reader on to con
cur with each, of her arguments until
the final point j is ready for clinching
and then turning the laugh on him by
giving the question a preposterous so
lution. Such delicate wit as is
hibited in "Thoughtless Thoughts is
rare nowadays." ; ¦ -V- z \
For those whose old mortar board
still hangs In a corner of the library
there are two little booklets of verse
which should. carry. ..theirV appeal to
the heart of every college man. These
are "Songs ; of Contentment," by the
late Ralph Gibbs, a fellow in: English
at the University, of California at the
time of his : tragic death, and "Conso
latio," by Raymond Macdonald Alden,
Stanford,;. '03. Recent . graduates of
California' need read no panegyric upon
Ralph Gibbs* poems — they know- well
the merit that is In those beautiful lit
tle'blts of soul whisperings that*. came
from the pen of the scholarly young
student. Had he lived he would doubt
less have taken his place along with
Edward ; Rowland Sill, the greatest of
our California . songsters. The "Con
eolatlo," by Raymond Alden, has a
tender Interest attached . to Itself • in
that It is a memorial to those students
who were carried off by the fever at
Stanford on the eve of their graduation.
It is a touching tribute to their mem
ory. . :'' •>/ ' f illtl
Finally there must be "nonsense even
for: grown children. To supply enough
fun | for every \ day In the year, even
leapyear, several.' of ; our local Jesters
have | published through Paul Elder
& Co. nonsense ; books guaranteed to
drive dull care away. The three . al
leged cynics. ; Oliver Herford, Ethel
Watts Mumford and Addlson Mlzner.
have* revised their' calendar" of , wisdom
for 1S04 with precious results. Miss
Mumford and Mr. Mlzner have so suc
cessfully put their heads together as
to evolve "The Limerick Up-to-Date
Book"; the limericks therein contained
are as good as any other limericks—
that for what It Is worth. "Bachelor
Bigotries," by a very young married
man. and "Widows Grave and Other
wise," by an equally bashful genius,
furnish food for thought upon the di
vine problem for every day In the year.
New Books Received
The K. K. K., C W. Tyler; North
River Publishing House; nUfctrated.
Following the Deer, WOIlaxa J. Lone;;
Olnn Jb Co., Boston r Illustrated; price
$1 25.
A Bunch of Roses, M. B. M. Davis;
Small, M&ynard & Co., Boston.
The New American Navy, Joha D.
Long; 2 vols.; The Outlook Publishing
Company, New York, Illustrated; price
$5 00.
The Story of a Labor Agitator. Jo
seph R. Buchanan; The Outlook Pub
lishing Company, New York; price
II 25.
Builders of the Beautiful. H. I*
Finer; Funk & "W&ffnaHs Company,
New York; price $1 50.
Japanese Physical Training, H. Irv
ing Hancock; O. P. Putnam's Sons,
New York; Illustrated.
Wonderfolk In Wonderland, Edith
Guerrler and Edith Brown; Small,
llaynard & Co., Boston; Illustrated.
The Doll That Was Lost and Found,
Josephine Scribner Gates; Franklin
Company. Toledo, Ohio; Illustrated;
price, U 00.
More About Live Dolls, Josephine
Scribner Gates; Franklin Company,
Toledo. Ohio; Illustrated; price II 00.
Bobtail Dixie, Annie N. Smith; Edu
cational . Publishing: Company, New
York; illustrated; price 60 cents.
Drawing Room Plays, Grace Luce
Irvln; decorated by A. F. Wlllmartn;
Paul Elder & Co., San Francisco; price
$1 25.
The Limerick Up-to-Date Book, Ethel
Watts Mumford and Addlson Miner;
decorated In color; Paul Elder & Co.,
San Francisco; price Jl 00.
Bachelor Bigotries, anonymous; dec
orated by A. F. Wlllmarth; Paul Elder
& Co., San Francisco; price SI 00.
Widows, Gay and Otherwise, anony
mous; decorated by A. F. Wlllmarth;
Paul Elder & Co., San Francisco; price
$1 00..
. Cynic's Calendar of Revised "Wisdom,
Oliver Herford. Ethel Watts Mumford
and Addison Mlzner; Paul Elder A
Co., San Francisco; price Jl CO.
Book of Nature, Johnny Jones; Illus
trated; Paul Elder it Co., San Fran
cisco: price 25 cents.
Mosaic Essays— Friendship, Happi
ness* Nature, Success; decorated; com
plied and published by Paul Elder &
Co., San Francisco; price 50 cents each.
Consolatio. R. M. Alden: Paul Elder
& Co., San Francisco; price 50 cents.
Poems of Ralph E. Gibbs; Paul Elder
& Co., San Francisco; price Jl 00.
Men's College Record. Wallace Irwin;
illustrated by Gordon Ross; Paul El
der & Co., San Francisco; price $1 60.
Girl's College Record. Virginia Wood
eon Frame; Paul Elder & Co., San
Francisco; price H 50.
Impressions Calendar, decorated,
compiled and edited by Paul Elder Jfc
Co.. San Francisco; price Jl 00.
14
Buy Holiday Books
From
_. THE m '
WHITAKER & RAY COMPANY
723 MARKET STREET
Oar Book Catalog?* to tt« me* iMilfliU
iamtd in the West. S«nt gntin. V--^
We Publish Books fey
David Starr Jordan '
Car* and Cultur* of Man; prto*. fflJXO
Story of The Innumcrtbl* Ootnp*nyi
prlc« ......... ......»1.5H>
NEW— Holiday Edition— California *s4 £•
California^; prlc« ~.O"0o
Poems by Berber* B*sif or!
Holiday Edition— Wohr«« of tbm *• «d
other Poems; price #x.OU
joaanla SCUler's Poems
Nnr Illustrated Edition; prte* SJJJO
——The Tery Xatesi
Omar and FltiffvrmM and oth«r TootaM, by
John O. Jury— • remarkably el«r«r book.
Holiday Edition. Half Vellum t&4 Odd
Blndlnc; price S1.25
Send for List of Western Publications,
1
The Voice of |
the Scholar 8
Dr. David Starr Jordan |
$1.50 net. jj
IZs t&e most Important book of t£« I
year emanating from tie Fadfio I
Coast. This and other Interest- I
Ing works for- the holidays are ¦
I published by ft
PAUL ELDER a CO. g
® 238 Post St @l
I IToe motto of Oc&eral Grant teemt Jo
It was my good fortune to be present
in the late seventies at a Christmas
dinner given to General Sherman at a
frontier post. The great soldier was in
a reminiscent mood. "I am," said he,
"a better soldier than Grant. I was a
closer student, had a wider experience
and took greater interest in military
matters, both in the army and while
I was In civil life. But I have not a
patient or a phlegmatic temperament.
During the war I was often unable to
sleep, because of my apprehensions of
what the enemy might do. Now Grant
always made up his mind as to what
be would do hJTpp^if, and then be never
•earned to care about the plans of the
enemy* ,
I was one of the several ruests who
were entertained on Christmas day
many years ago at a hospitable house
in a mountain city In California, I was
there to deliver a lecture before the Ly
ceum Society. The otner guests were
Methodist clergymen, assembled to
assist in the ceremony of dedicating a
new church edifice. One of the guests
was Bishop Mathew Simpson of Indi
ana, the most eloquent of all the pulpit
orators of his generation. Another was
Rev. M. C. Briggs of San Francisco,
second only to Bishop Simpson as a
speaker. A third was Rev. Dr. Peck of
Sacramento. He was a broad man, al
most as broad as he was long— five feet
two from head to heels and five feet
two in girth.
"Brother Peck," said our host, "shall
I not rive you another piece of tur
key?" "Thank you. brother." was the
response, "I believe that I will take
another piece, for I have got to preach
this evening."
"And I," interposed a meager little
young Irishman who had Just been ad
mitted as a divine,- "I will also take
another piece, for I have got to listen
to him."
¦ 'T leave you,** said this same little
preacher, some years afterward on the
occasion of his farewell' sermon to a
congregation in Waahoe, "In order that
At our Christmas dinner In 1863 there
was neither song nor jesting, but si
lence, when after the cloth was re
moved our host quoted from the beau
tiful poem cf Jamea Russell Lowell:
Rat. tat. tat. tattle throurh tb« atr««t
I hear, th* £rui=raer» maJclnr riot,
TTfclie I a'.t talnkinx; of the fert
That MSewefl once, but now are aalet.
Wblte feet as snow £rcps Innocent,
That never knew the taths of satan,
VhoM cemin* «tw* there's ear* that won't.
No, not llfelon* tea** cS a-waitln\
The religion of Jesus has ever been
an Inspiration to patriotism and love
of liberty. The churches of the North
were among the powerful supporters of
the Government during the War of the
Rebellion. Shall we ever forget how
the youcg men of the land went forth
with the dawn upon their cheeks mois
tened as with a chrism by the farewell
tears of mother and sister and sweet
heart? "Marching along, marching
along, for God and for country they
went marching along."
Delayed but not dlsproyeh, unaccom
plished but not abandoned, the prophe
tlo dedication of the Spaniard live* la
hlstour and in song. The mimosa tram
In the midst of our contemplation of
what Christianity has done for this na
tion and for the world on lines of ma
terial prosperity and advancement, let
us not forcet that the Savior came to
build a kingdom not . In the palaces of
power, but In, the h-arts of mankind.
Forgiveness, mercy, temperance of
judgment, gentleness, kindness, self
sacricos. These are ths foundation
stones on which the mighty edifice oi
Cfcrtst's faith has j»een bullded. *»
him. He saw a new ocean, washing un
known continents peopled by strange
races of men. He saw a field for high
emprise, a grand future for himself and
hia followers, and with bright blade up
lifted to the eauator's heat, he knelt
and - solemnly, dedicated * the lands
washed by ths sea before him to Chris
tianity and civilization forever..
. And the greatest development of all
is to come. In that ancient pictorial
geography of our childhood; that book
with defaced covers and dog's-eared
Africa from the Cape of Good Hope to
corners, where the mythical maelstrom
is depicted with frightful accuracy, and
the country west of the Missouri River
is described as an "unexplored region,"
there is a picture of Vasco Nunes de
Balboa, standing upon the brow of the
mountain which overhangs the Bay of
Panama, and gazing upon the softly
swelling Pacific, . . .
A mighty panorama unrolled before
At a Christmas dinner at a mining
camp in Arizona our mess had for its
guest of honor a clorgyman who was
a bachelor, a patient little soul and a
sincere Christian. We gave him the
meal of his life. He did not chide us
for drinking champagne, for he was a
gentleman, though his glass of It was
left untested.
"How are you making It here, preach
er?" lnaulred our host.
"The people of this camp," was his
reply, "are not, I hope, given entirely
over to booming mines and playing a
game with cards which they call draw
poker. But they seem strangely indif
ferent to the truths of revealed religion
and even ignorant of its nomenclature.
The proprietor of the Humming Glory
Saloon called upon me the other morn
ing to request my attendance at the
bedside of his brother, who was fast ap
proaching dissolution. I asked him if
his brother would like the eucharist ad
ministered. He was confused and evi
dently misunderstood me, for his reply
was that it seemed to him a queer time
for that sort of thing, but that I knew
best and might take my deck along, or
that I could get a pack of cards at ths.
saloon. '¦ "¦ ~ : ' : '*'' ' r " :: '¦
"X found bis brother to be an lntettt-
Panama' will be sewered, graded and
provided with water works by the Gov
ernment of the United States. Every
Improvement that sanitary science can
suggest and money can accomplish will
make it as healthful as San Francisco
or New York, and the expenditure there
of the vast sura necessary to construct
the canal will create great opportunities
for human ambition and energy in
every, field of effort. Forests will be
hewed, fields will be planted, mines will
be opened, electrio tramways will be
constructed, and not only the ten-mile
strip but the entire republic of Panama
will be populated by Americans who
will carry the laws and methods and
enterprise of their country lnt» this
rich tropical field.
forty-one centuries look down upon
you."
gent man, but a very obstinate one. I
asked him if he repented his sins.
'Preacher,' said he, 'I can't He to you,
and it's no use to He to the Lord, for
if there Is a Lord he knows every card
in my box. I don't know as I have
much to repent of. I have always dealt
a square game. I never wronged man
or woman or was cruel to horse or dog.
I can't change my record now, and if
it entitles me to a pit ticket I suppose
I've got to burn. No, preacher, Just
give me your well wishes for a. starter,
and say what you can for me in tho
way of a prayer and let me take my
medicine— whatever it may be— like 'a'
dead game sport." The poor ' fellow de
parted while I was petitioning the
Throne of Grace in his behalf. I hope
that the Infinite mercy reached him,' for
he soemed an honest though misguided
souL.'Va^ L-v-^'' ¦'. . ' .
"I f ear," concluded our guest, "that X
shall not be able ' to remain In this
camp. My salary is small and the ir
regularity with which It is paid, or
rather the regularity with which it Is
not paid, Is distressing. The butcher
has been very kind in extending credit,
but his patience has limits, and of late
when I have asked for beefsteak he has
In quite an absent-minded way cut me
off a piece of liver. My regular congre
gation has' dwindled to seven attend
ants and the contribution In the collec
tion box last Bunday amounted to but
15 cent*. On th* whnl* tlui aatua at
achievements as a nation tn letters,
arts and arms, our mighty moral and
material growth during even the last
fifty years would be the task of the his
torian rather than the paragraphist.
How much of it all do we not owe
to the religion preached by Christ
JesusI Christianity unfetters the ener
gies, uplifts the souls and illumines the
brains of its votaries. The Roman
mythology produced a Caesar, infidelity
produced a Napoleon, but it was the
spirit of the Christian colony which dis
"embarked at Plymouth that gave us
the heroes and patriots of the revolu
tion. Buddhism never developed a
«Mackay, who, single-handed, performed
the task of girdling a world. Mohamme
danism never presented an Edison. He
'was '.God's, gift to a Christian republic
Not -under any religion except that of
Jesus has there been developed a Stan
ford— tolling and planning for a.life
time to give help to generations unborn.
Our domain extends southward to the
Southern Cross, eastward to within
sight of Asia and northward to the
eternal icebergs. If roads are "the
measure of a nation's civilization," we
are the most highly civilized nation on
earth. We have j fettered the "water
falls, and we light and warm cities and
run furnaces and factories with their
power.' Our manufactures of cotton
and wool, »t«el and lumber art found In
all the markets of the world. Our loco
«nU«M dnvtflf trains) flllad with ths
Lord, what a wretched land ia this
That yield* us no supply.
we may be spared the pongs of mutual
starvation. You have been starving
my body and I have been starving; your
souls. The congregation will please
Join in singing hymn cumber 603:
abled soldiers. Clemency to Its former
foes and no more secession and no more
slavery in all the broad land covered
by the flag that he brought flying vic
torious' out of the battle smoke.
The sixth and youngest of the party
failed to realize the hopes or fulfill the
ambitions of his youth. The pomp of
cSm ha.3 passed him by and he has
realized Hagar's prayer, for he pos
sesses cot riches and poverty does not
possess him. He has. however, all that
ary millionaire can have that is really
worth hiving-, and be Is not In the least
worried for fear that he may lose the
million which he has cot rot. There la
not a luxury cf the palate, or a song
of a singer, or a view of painting, or
statue or wosder of architecture that
Is sot In these dars and in this land
ts readily accessible to the possessor
of a decent suit cf clothes as it Is to
a xsdlo&aire. There are no reserved
seats In Ood's amphitheater, and for
an hour's earnings one may ride on an
•lectrto car to the very verge of the
russet and equally with the capitalist
watch the clouds cf glory that sur
round the cun as he sinks into the arms
of the sapphire sea.
Harassed by burdens of wealth and
the "weight of ptibllo cares, the five
friends of youth and manhood of the
writer of these lines have Journeyed on
Into the great silence, while he, neither
weary of life nor fearful of death, lives
In the viror of a green old age, and
quotes Socrates to the young men about
him, saying. "I am to die and ye are
to live, and which is best the gods
alone Co know." And all the while he
has not the least Intention of leaving
this world, but expects for many years
to live on and fight on and die "with
harness on his back."
Tlie six young fellows who composed
the members of the dinner party that
assembled in a little bright Northwest
era city en Christmas day in the year
cf our Lord one thousand eight hun
dred and fifty-eight were as buovar.t
spirits as ever soaped tho cornets or
greaaed the vlclln strings of rival sere
naders cr danced until the dawn stars
lifted the blanket of the dark.
Two of the party became great cap
tains of industry and left a hundred
millions of dollars at the foot of the
rolden stair. A third held aloft through
all the storms cf Wall street panic the
banner of his stainless credit and,
strengthened by his millions, helped
many a lime dog over a stile. A fourth
charmed the Senate of the United
States with his eloquence. A fifth In
the Civil War fought his way to the
brigadier stars and then climbed the
red path to immortality.
*•*. Clrls of to-day, you are bright
a»d fresh and lovely in despite of the
*rfxxes and bangs and tea-tray * hats
with which you disfigure your "crowns
cf glory." But you should have seen
yottr srwidmothers, rrith their golden
cr •boa locks flowinjr In Grecian slrn
pSsttj' «r:<3 ampleness from brows of
•now, crowned with scarlet hoods
tilJ,,n»d with white ermine. How we
Tvosg fellows helped them to snuggle
trnfler the buffalo robe*, and when the
•3*1*31 bumped over the bridges — there
la no eonrtry like a country with plen
ty of brooks — how we availed ourselves
«f ths license which allowed sweet toll
to be taken from pouting, yet yielding.
Hp«. The buffaloes are extinct, but the
memory of the girls endures.
fOrrririt. 1003, tor Tfaoaiaa Fitch.)
THE breath of roses and hello
tropes and lilies and the sight of
green lawns andgo'.dcn fruited
trees enters the open window of
tny ©Sice in Los Angeles this December
Eicrnlng.
rcr th'.s !• th« land when the olives rtow.
Vt* land »b«re the frajrant *outh winds blow,
Xlu* bubb!*« of crai*» down & vineyard row.
But nor flowers nor fruit nor beauty
cf purple mountains and emerald val
ley* can hold my wandering thought.
The rears shrivel like a scroll and 1
bear once more the creak of the sleigh
runners tad the Jingle cf the bells.
have been. "Sufficient unto the day is
the evil and the good thereof." He left
his desk in the tannery and accepted
the place of captain of a company of
volunteers, because he had been edu
cated at the expense of the Government
and thought it right to do what he
could for hie country with the military
training she had given him. He readily
accepted promotion from captain to
President, but rever seems to have in
trigued fc-r it. Even while battles were
being lcrt and won by generals whose
very names are now forgotten, be was
giving abilities which could direct
armies to the business of purchasing
cavalry horses, and it is not probable
that any spavined animal ever passed
his inspection, for he always did well
the work that came to his hands to do.
Shiloh and Vicksburg were the preludes,
and the \V12derness was the fu^l-volced
anthem of the orchestra of battle which
be conducted. *
In peace as in war his creed was aim
plo and concise. Payment to the na
tional creditors. Pensions to Us dls-"
Christ in {his camp leave* very much
to be desired." .
. What a Christmas dinner we shall all
eat to-day! What a country we shall
, eat It in! -"What a people we shall eat
-it ampnsr!. To tell tho story of our
products of our Industry are dashing
through the passes of the Alaskan
mountains and filling their boilers with
water from Siberian streams. They are
climbing to the clouds up both slopes
of the Andes. They are acclimated In
the Congp, and we can paraphrase the
language of the first Napoleon and say
to them as they sound their shrill notes
of peaceful triumph in the very face
cf the sphinx, "American locomotives!
from the heights of >onder pyramids
itself unshrinkingly over the slto «f old
Panama, the tall palms wave over the
long moldered bones or Balboa's com
rades, and the land he looked upon has
slept In semi-barbarism through the
centuries, and now again the figure of
that Pacific pioneer stands In the fore
ground of the picture, waiting for the
fulfillment of his prophecy.
At last tha Baxon buries ara Bounding
the long delayed advance, and they will
never sound .a retreat Through the
barriers of Latin Incapacity and South
American ignorance and CTeed. and th»
tricks and plottlngs of railroad lobby
ists the project for an Isthmian canal
has crashed triumphantly at last, and
within five years we may. If we will.
cat. our Christmas dinners practically.
If not actually, under the stars and
stripes In one of the greatest and most
prosperous tropical cities In the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAL]L —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
CHRISTMAS
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCHout from the bas.e of .the tree. " ' ¦*'*"'
"This is Breat!" ; ; Uncle Christopher
cried,, as the" rails went aown with*!
wonderful celerity. "Haven't had such
fun in an age! Half the fun's in get-^
ting It ready!" .• ..
The -fat one vdth the mustache
glanced up and caught Uncle 'Frank's.
eye.\ . -',- .;,.'(.¦¦ - .-.- '• '{'
'¦ "Perhaps he'd i-ather— — " V
Bobbert's mother shook, her head. at
them. "Now stop right there,". she-said,
merrily, "if you're going to suggest
that he should come down and help!
You don't seem to see my plan at. all,
Frank. I want this thing to be perfect
— I want it all to burst on him at once. ....
How can' we put it down in the evening*
when we're * all dressed? And . there';
wouldn't be. time, anyway. Oh, ..Chris,
you didn't get him that, top? See tha t^
lQvely dpg collar! And the. chain, too^
Now Don will j look respectable.- VJust • I
step upstairs, won't you, Frank v and'
keep Bob . on that floor till • supper?
Minna .will . bring It to him up there.
Hejll, see the rails, you see, if he comes,
d^n"ihto\£H"e;.lia.U. : H;$lena Idt-ypu^and,
:_Mr.^FerriB eat_any.^more of -'thja.t bf okenZ |
ct'ndy/ you'll- certainly, be^sicki^fNo, 1^
don' tj mean iU—I : mean; 'plairi'sltek:"; ... '*
'.V;:"D6ybu meankto say you're, no^kolng ;
to » le^; that;.chlld out into,.the ; v ?dlhlng-; '
room. «Ue!ll< be so disgusted there'll be
no managing him." V } ¦ . V -V " .
Bobbert's mother looked plaintlvel ."I.
wish to heaven, Frank," she said, "that
you had . some children of ; your . own!
Perhaps you wouldn't be so ridiculous
then. -How on earth Is it going to^hurt
Bobbert, to-night of all nights, to stay}
In the nursery a few hours. Just so that
we j may, all 'toll .for his own : particular
amusement? \ Tell" him, a story or some- ."
-thing.:. Weni"UafeJy',have.-time !1^' >
_ t A hj^r^t o^ laughter Intejruoted her.
.Uncle Christopher had wpund up the
train and started. it on what extent of
rail w'a's^ already .laid, to his own great
, comfort .and , the"- disgust ,. of ..*Bobbert7g ,
father and the fat one <wiHi ,the mus'
tach^e,. who shrieked^at him to "stop lt v
. off," and t nerv6ursl'yly/aved 'thgir/hanjjs^
at .the engine,,, as, it hover 'down .upon,
the .unflnish>d;Vurve at the hearth r.iigr,
1 h J le . AJint Helena, waved flag'
wi^lyyan^^A^nt .Kate * b,eg" an *' io ¦' Pass,
round, a hatf 01*; a^purse "for J'tKe' br^ve*
girl- who risked her llfeTso" gallantly to
save the train." '. '/. •!-• ;--;..\*- .•>;. .. ' I
He left them with a chuckle' and % b6-
f'gan to mount the stairs two. steps at a
tlm«, Just saying himself from falling
,upbn a huddled group at the to'p of the 1
,. J.;. .;¦ »; ¦¦ ¦".:-. •._,..-.: \_::-l
W ; "What are tliey, doing in' the hall?".
Bpbbert x demanded, abruptly, clutching;
. the ..baby's skirts with'/ one hand and/
supporting himself in a peering attitude^
iSSsfet ' he other. . "What V.makes, ;'emt
scrtanf that way? Why^* tnW s^JrT
,'Dowh* brakes?"... I*;it:*.gam«?> WKeti 4 -
Aunt Helenas laugft> . and^latigjSs " tHkt '
;.l?ay, she us'ally. cries afterward," hmU
:^.Un le .Frank, towed^nem 'back | int^
,¦> the i ursery and ' led. the conversation .
1'Btpry ward, but. Bobbert was not to be
¦ beguiled. ... • . . , .¦.,/- I^ .'../¦'-¦.'¦ \^:-- .
/;i'm Ured of stortts. I'd * rather ' be
downstairs," he ytfjafcdli- "I*know'one l 
thing—if I get antttifSriKfdjcarpenter's!!
set, I'll sell it to-:mQrrp^f &?*»:&&&,
I hate 'cm. , All i t wanVar^ boat/a^dff
can't have ..that, I, don't 'see why T
can't go out,7if it is snowing. T- 1 never
can do } a .ingle thingf I , want, any.;
¦.way. v ., ; ¦.'.¦* - '.'
} • r Tou are a little cross." observed hlr
7 uncle, surveying, him critically, "but I 1 ,
don't know, that I. blame you.: Minna's ¦
coming up.soon." . ._,' . „ ?. : v'..j'
*'"Well,'"she.-b'etWr.'"." ' Bobbert scowled ,
.at the baby, who smiled sweetly back.'
> I "You're bad," he said, shortly. ¦', '"¦ •'
* "Oh; neini" 'she smiled. ' ;\. , ,'. -.-. i
,-• ' "Oh, ja;" he scowled." '"You're always
'chewing 'TtheT Wrong thing. ' Look '.at.
? your shoe, all .wet ! ; . .AYhat'll ' Minna
.say?",;-,; ,,., ....., ; . > "»V <:•'•¦ <'::* « ~- : i £
"'She 'screwed her face ; into wrinkles .
: arid 'shook" her 'head,* wringing -.-her;
hands I'wlth* Minna's *gesture.*'"Pfui,
pfui doch! 's -isf. abscheulich!"v she :
scolded..:' :;>>; >'" ' " ¦'¦"'' ¦ '. .' . \
' . "I don't believe you'll get a present
at all.5 r^.he continued. N. -'
.'.'Babe r-.get p'es't! .- , Babe get big
•^!>i!|ot'a' % one! Notfa one!" he persisted.
eyes, fllled;$ she: Implored him
v «stly>r; -•"¦ ¦'¦¦' . ' .'¦,." '•'.¦''
Babe get big p'es't!'!r.; . .*
;"^"Npt a — —-"»'.: • ' •. 'Sr. : V'» '' ; fV'T^* -5>.-'«'4>
s -^."Stop . teasing ;-your.> sjister,: j.Bobbert^
":'bf /course she'll get -a. present?; Whyj..
'; ti!^«cause she Byore.y^ _^ ; -^ » ¦'£'#:. •. t^
•'^hat on earth- tlo ypxx - me tii f ". , ,§>^
K >. : "i-rnean^ what;^ay^r^»';';,^^ 'riw.'i
'¦ y ; . "Wh*emi^^he3swea/?;Vr^:-;y;i;:';»^;
¦' ;;"Day»«b'efdre> yesteirday^night, ';« She,
said she\w as going, to. be. bad .when sbfe.*,'
got vp.^andr they^kept^at^her-to ; s^y£
'- sKp ,wpu']b^i't,'(a>jd; she^'sa^d} ehe woujbd.7.
A . cai'iJae^the'.worBti you /ever , na.w.'&*
¦^^Worse^eyer •'. saiy U-'^gchojs'd/the -baby. •
"all ; -dJiyiiuiey ; >were g afraid 'she \
would be, and she wasn't, and she was
n% and Bhe a wasn't. l*ot till she jWent
to bed. And she said her prayers— that
: one she says, 'Herr Jesus, ; mild und— I
spmethinjf — Du' — and 'then she Just .
.looked up at the ceiling and swore as
¦ hard as she could." '• • :
-^"WhaCin the.— 7 ti;ne did she say?"
. ' "'She said: 'O Lord! .Good Heavens!
Damn!'."
/•Oh!" ;
""And she got her little hands mighty
well slapped, too. She must never say
it again, must you, Baby?"
• |3 The* "Baby laughed impishly. There
'was* no .'telling, what- mose she knew.
! ' A^ -"exactly"", half -past 6 the library
doors flew open" with a bang, the piano
struck up a' -brilliant march and. Minna
her charges pompously down
the stairs, the baby in white, with a
bewildering number of pink bows, Bob
bert in a blue sailor suit. ¦ - - .
Around' the gleaming tree stood a
ring of aunts, uncles and grandparents,
flushed and happy.
. "Merry Christmas. Bobbert! .'Merry
Christmas, Babe! How do you like it?
Isn't itj.grand? See -the angel? See. the
'•> Don't* look at the floor, yet!
.-(TftA tit'risn't^time so soon.' Chris will
.'sta*r,t ht.) W«dl, was Vit ,- lovely,* bless
"h>er little heart? Wunderschon, . lieb
?che\ni?njchtfwahr?"v>.[/ T i '.;•/
£ ..-BjgbbQrt smiled *- perf unctorily/.at the
"tTee.'^bllilkeld ia; .littie, leaped rthrough
;the ringvbf brjght-f rocked .refatiyes^
andffell.inpon ,a':red-faced. apologetic
'nianisVandm'g. with; the group of de-.
I lighted - servants near the door.
. "JJello, David ! " he cried. "When did
yotrcbme back? "Are you going to stay?
Did 'you know. I could swim? Will you
tell me astorytOTHlght?"
j David, whose only fault was too great
an attachment to the cup that cheered
him t too frequently, and who had been
devoted to Bobbert, coughed deprecat
lngly and "explained:" "Only/dropped In
"Now look here," he said. "Let's ba
sensible, dear people. We'll go on ea-
Joylng our presents and sports, 1st
Bobbert enjoy his. Why not. ehf*
"Aye, arc sic" t" * i -.!£?•
; The coal /flew about thick' and fast,
the commanders shufned^the!lump« Into
pla.c^ cheering and encouraging their
officers 'and crews. Ship after- ship sank
to, rise no more in a clotter of coal on
the hearth. \ £'£*?*:}
Under cover of the noise Uncle Frank
led them away, silent, through the
empty rooms, to where the deserted
Christmas tree sheltered only Minna,
cooing German cradle songs to her
sleeping baby.
, "Wait and «ee. Bob, my boy."
"This coal makes dandy ships, don't
it? A lot of coal would be a. fine pres
ent, "wouldn't it? They use wood up
stairs, and I don't believe I could get
hold of any. Are you enjoying your
self. David?"
"You bet I am. Bob. Put your flas
ship in line."
.• "Well, I will. She was out for— f«r
repairs. When I go skating, David, I'll
never use any other hockey stick. I*
wanted a black one next to a boat. You
were lovely to give it to me. I'll be
big enough for a ' boat next year, I
hope."
- "Well, now it's daybreak. Lieuten
ant, are you ready?" .,-¦'
"Aye, ¦ aye. sir." >- c ¦'• .
"Begin the fight!? /.v : • <.
"Want to see how It goes, Bob? Here,
I'll work it for you. It's a little catchy
at first. Yes, Indeed, Mr. Robertson,
we had more fun than a little getting
this ready, I assure you. Quite com
plete, isn't It?"
Uncle Christopher began to Jusrgl*
with the Japanese outfit, to the Intense
delight of the servants. The aunties
and Mr. Ferris played with the engine,
explaining its mechanism to the won
dering grandfathers. Grandma Wheel
er marveled at the French dissecting
puzzle. Bobbert's mother . happily
guarding the candy, laughed at the
baby, who. harnessed Into the dos col
' lar, pranced along before her father,
waving tha colored balls In the air, a
woolly lamb under her free arm. The
merry moments passed.
Suddenly Grandfather Wheeler looked
cp from the bird book, which he was
sharing with Uncle Frank. "But where
is Robertson Jr.?" he inquired mildly.
They stared. "Why, right here." they
said. But he was not right there.
Uncle Frank looked about compre
hensively at the relatives and smiled a
superior smile. Then his eye fell on
the bird book in his lap, and the smile
changed its quality.
He glanced at the ring of servant*.
"And where is David?" he added. Sud
denly he sprang to his feet. "Coma
on!" he said. "We'll find him. Don't
make a noise — walk softly, now."
And still holding the presents, they
trooped after him through tha hall.
Uncle Frank paused a moment, nod
ded, and made room for Bobbert's
father, while the grandfathers crowd
ed up and the aunties peeped" under
and over.
' On ~thc floor before the well swept
kitchen hearth sat David. Beside him,
a little space away, squatted Bobbert,
n. long black hockey stick in his hand.
Between them were arranged large
pieces of coal from the hod, arranged
in. what appeared to be nlnepln pat
terns.
"I shall attack from the right at day
break. You'll see what the mosquito
fleet can do, David. Your clumsy
old Spanish ships can't move quirti
enough. Can they?"
for the tree, Mr. Bobfe, year pmpft bav
in' asked me In with the rest, and a
fine tree it is, I'm snre. I expeet most
o' them presents will be for you, Mr.
Bobr
David prefixed the title of respect In
public but his private relations with
Bobbert had been anything but formal.
Aunt Kate, dancing with impatience.
had begun to detach the presents from
the lower boughs, and soon they were
piling up around him.
"Master Robertson Wheeler. Master
Robertson Wheeler — oh, Bobbert. that's
» whopping fine present. Miss Doro
thea Wheeler. Slehst du, raein susses
kind? Master Robertson Wheeler. See
what Uncle Ritch sent you. Bob! He
forgot how you had grown!"
They were laughing, explaining,
thanking, eating, all at once.
"And the candy mother*ll keep till to
morrow. Now, Bob, see! Under the
tree!"
The engine rattled proudry forth. The
uncles and annts fell upon it.
"There! I told you It wasn't oiled
enough! Bee, where the smokestack
Joins on! Will she take the curve by
the rug? See, Bobbert, how the
switches work! Real switches' -Fath
er! Here, this way. Father Robertson!
Mr. Ferris is going to -r.ork the switch
Isn't It wonderful, Bobbert? lt'» from
Grandpa Wheeler. Thank him. It go-^s
through the hall. Oh. Kate, you can't
work that Bwitch, can you?* Sec Aur.t
Kate work the switch, dear."
Bobbert watched it curiously. He ran
forward to the third switch.
(Cppyright. 1502. by Josephine Dodge
Daskam.) t
* a «^* ND that's how I came to be
f I borr. in a manger!" Bobbert
( j concluded.
J[ The baby nodded, her
mouth a comprehending bud,
her eyes big with interest.
"Nuv' 'tory! Tell Babe nuv' 'tory!"
ehe demanded. --
"60 then the tvise men came. They
were shepherds. They came with their
flocks by night "
"Huh?*
"Flocks by night. I say. It was
something they had. They brought me
some Frank's incense "
"Unka F'ank! Goo-ood Unka F*ank:"
"Will you keep still? It wasn't that
Frank.
"Warum nieht?" inquired the baby,
with a startling intelligibility. Her
German, for some reason bes=t known
to herself, was as distinct as her Eng
lish was garbled.
"Because it isn't, silly. Uncle Frank
isn't a wise mar. — he's a p'fessor In col
lege. And they brought me "
"Look here. Bobbort. what on earth
are you talking about?"
"I'm telling her r.ll about Christmas,
Uncle Frank." Bobbert removed the
corner of the rug from the baby'3
mouth and handed her her silk rag doll.
"Minna said to amuse her, and I was.
About the manger I \tcls telling '
"So I heard. But why do you cast it
in that form precisely? You see, you
weren't born in one, and — and — er — you
really oughtn't to talk that way, don't
you know."
"Why wasn't I?"
"Because you -weren't. "
"Well, where was I, tlK-n?"
"You were born in this house."
"Where in this house?"
"Where? V» r hy. up stairs. I suppose. '*
"Are people always born up stairs?"
"Usually."
"'Never born down stairs at all? Did
n't you ever know anybody th;jt was
born down "
"Oh, stop. Bo'.jbcrt! Go on amusing
your 6istcr. You have a se nius for
pure Idiocy. Where's your mother?"
Bobbert's Sace felL The baby tore
off a bit of her doil-erd swallowed it
imrebuked — it was one <>f her swallow-
Ins day* — and began •.vetting her fin
irer and following: in a nnudgy outline
the figures on the Kata Greenavny
wallpaper without one reprimand from
her brother.
" 'F I'm goin' to have a tree I TTant to
make it myself. They're all Gown in
the lib'r'y, and I hav«: to keep out.
They've sot a ladder in there, too. And
they laugh all the time. I have to stay
here with her! What'? the good o f call
ing it my tree if I can't help. Aunt
Helena says won't my eyes pop out
T.hen I eee; but they won't."
f "Hadn't the better keep the doll to
play with and eat something else?")
"I think I might go in! Here, stop
mating that. Baby: Let go! Somebody
feJl off the ladder, too, and there I was
out In the hall! I don't .believe they
had the little back thing up that keeps
It from doubling up. What's the good
of a tree, anyway?"
<"Do you think she improves the wall
paper with that border? Perhaps the
"Color comts off.")
"Here, stop that! Don't suck j-our
h&nd. Baby. Ob, goodness! I wish
Minna was here. I'm. not a nurse. I
never made such a furs when I was
little. I kr.ow. If I had a tree for any
body I'd let them have the fun of it.
Wouldn't you?"
His audience looked uncertain. In his
heart he felt that his nephew was
right, but prudence restrained him, and
he rose to go with a temporizing 'air.
"Well, yjsu know, it's usually done this,
*vay," he suggested. "It's. supposed to
!>• in the nature of a surprise. ' ' If^ you"
arranged the whole thing there would-,
n't be anybody to surprise, , would;
there?" ~ -* > ;< '*$&$. '
Bobbert sniffed. "Oh, if^y.qu stay out;
we could B'prise you, I s'pose;"%e-said
somewhat cynically. ¦¦*'*- r '"*+€••.*
"But I've sec n so many, - trees-*—^" !
ffhe defense was very- feeble,' 'arid"<Hie
*knew it. :Z*if[i . '' ' '¦ '¦ ' >^-
"Oh, all right," said Bobbert, 'testily,
jerking the baby away from" the' high
fender. "And they're corn-ovfr,.
the fire in there; I neard»it j'pop.^Anil
Aunt Helena said that'it'jwas^oi.^fd^,
sugared, and that fat one-^the 1 one wiVh,
the yellow musiache-^-salS^ that* 4 He 1 *
•should think all that' she" ate ¦ would',
taste— " ' ! _.f ¦'"' "-; - : •/
"How do you know what they said?"'
"1 heard." ' - v - * "I- 1+1*.
"How?" - \ &i T&££K-:t
"I heard." >- ¦»,,: v^> ; j
"How did you bear?" '^. \ i *~~ K &?*]
"Through tbe keyhole !'/-.-Bobber^,Vet '
his jaw and twisted .'a s piec*e^of! r %ne
baby's dress nervously;- -; *f#~^*'''-V'.', '
"And since when you 'adopted
that method of obtaining information,
Robertson?" • , •/ . , . ;
"I don't care! I only did a moment!
I don't care if it ' is sneaky— I 'might
Just as well be sneaky if I'm not going
to Annapolis! If I do anything at all,
everybody says: 'Oh, dear! I'm afraid
you'll never be a lieutenant after all.
They never do so!' And if I say Tm
Vote* to be one, they say, 'I wouldn't
octmt eo it, Bobbert.' till fm Just clok
"The hemlock and the car.dy and the
new_ smell of all the things," he per
sisted.
"In short." said the fat one with the
yellow mustache, looking up | from k
box of many-colored baubles with
which he and Aunt Helena were plaj -
ing in undisguised joy, "just what we
like!"
"Precisely," remarked Uncle Frank.
"Really,',' 6ajd Aur.t : Kate, somewhat
stiffly, . '/If Bobbert and Babe should
Jurfp about t$e tree, I can't; quite see
whom- we'd call in to see: it. this evfin-
Jng! What are we-. working so hard,
fbr^-to please ourselves ?"* . .
"Oh, no! great heavens,' no!" cried
; ; *Unfcle Frank. :- -^ . .
'-Boboert's father appeared' with , an
armful of steel rails and i'crosspleces.
"What do you say to this; Robertson?"
he called delightedly. •. '.'Jove!. these are
heavy.' Thre6 switches * to ' the thing,
and ; s you 'ought to" see"- the engine!
Th'tj-^s^L, parlor car, a smoker and two
passengers. % See . the tender ? Jove ! I
.call, jhat pretty good. Ring the bell,
*l£ite. Look at that piston rod, Frank!"
*]S*hey clustered about him excitedly.
at her ' sent" it round Just now/
j^wahildn't tell what he paid for j the'
Hfcins. You clamp it down to the carpet
~$ght through it goes. There are
•'9' r^ two feet of railing— how's that?
Pdurf-cilrves ¦ and • three, switches — regu
larising, yd'a-Tcno 1 tf: .*We*h«piSt l^rj^ht
tolpugb'the liptary^a'b'osf.ttoe h'ajl^tod-.
? loop it lhfejk>4n<rijftti of . the^conser^a-*'
: -tprx. -}Vr$ut$#<t tocfcv&ay ??.t> # ¦.. \
aunts.' k&ggSf T^T^+iSfyjffifi
"Can'vwe get JLt \ Idown.' before .'even
ing?': said Bobbert's mother nervously.
: "Well, I shoutd'say bo!" The fat one
with I the yelloV'- mustache seized an
. armful of rails and began to study the
joinings; Bobbert's father and Uncle
ChrUtopher explained the switch work
lnc» eagerly to each other; and Bob
bert'a mother flew \ about .wondering
how the rues could stand it, and pio
tnrtnc Bobbert's joy as the train puffed
"By .George!" he said, "'out' that's a
beauty! Rather wasted 0:1 Bobbert,
isn't it? Doesn't know an ostrich from
a canary, does he?"
"Well, that's what Father Robertson
wai.ts him to learn!" they cried in
chorus. ' • ". ' "
He nodded doubtfully. "Pity he can't
come' in and help," he suggested, "lie'd
enjoy this rumpus." --
They stared at him in consternation.
"Why, " Francis Robertson, what are
you thinking of? Have ' Bobbert ; help
on liis own tree? Are, you -crazy?" •
"I suppose it wouldn't do," he admit
ted, "but you see that's just what u
little fellow likes — all the noise and fuss
and running about and the — smells,"
he added vaguely.
"The smells?" demanded Bobbert's
mother.
have you put that Japanese juggler's
outfit, Kate? See, Frank, that beauti
ful French puzzle! It's awfully inter
<. sting. I hope he'll like it. More
candy? The idea! The child, would
die' Wh'ere's Father Robertson's JjJrd
book, dear? I shan't dare let him ta\e
it alone; it's too esquislte. See, Frank,
there; are 250 colored plates. Isn't It
beautiful?"
Eoubert's uncle ftll upon the book.
stick.
"I suppose the dear old man thinks
Bobbert is about two years o!d! Where
of hemlock and popcorn is to be at
tributed to the window boxes, and I
have no doubt that he supposes you're
conducting a funeral down he/e. It's
so still and solemn."
"Oh. Frank, how absurd! Well, I
suppose he does begin to suspect " ,
"My dear sister, your penetration
docs you credit. Bobbert is only nine,
and he has only seen liiis performance
nine times, so it would be odd if' he
should have any exact idea of what you
are all doing, but he probably has a
dim "
"Now, Frank, you are tiresome. Of
course he knows., but how can he
know the Blze of it? He never saw
one so big. And we never had so many
candles— there are three boxes here.
And look at this. What do you think
Uncle Ritch be* sent him?"
One of the aunts waved at him a set
of red, blue and yellow balls attached
by elastic cords to a brightly colored
"Isn't it grand, Frank? This, is really
the best we've ever. had. How are the
children? Do they suspect anything?"
"Nothing — nothing whatever," he as
sured her. "Bobbert thinks the odor
mother, bubbling over with delight and
busyness and vague Christmas good
feeling, ran about holding the same
parcels, straightening the same red
candle, pulling at the same rope of
cranberries. •*'•
of popcorn that straggled artistically
downward; snowy, ribbon-bound pack
ets dangled from the boughs: candles
dotted the ends. Aunts and uncles
chattered and laughed and quarreled
amicably, while Bobbert's father and
and tired! Am I going to Annapolis?
Am I? I don't care about the old tree
if I know that"
"My dear boy. how do I know? It
T.ill depend on — on— on circumstances,"
he concluded weakly.
Bobbert stamped his foot. His uncle
slipped out. of the room. . ,
In the library the tree was towering
Jto completion. A gilt angel held ropes
-.THE SAN .FRANCISCO' -SUNDAY-:*. CALL'— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
BOBERT'S MERRY CHRISTMAS
16Sunday Call
Women and Children's Section
THE GLAD SPIRIT
OF CHRISTMAS
CT JJIOJl Jl \r <2lJLjl
7 77 7
the ' j&j]five: Jioll.,
ffr&p&jre fhe^ song,
HH|g j$<3j£jfie ball
JYeivry C/trisTia&s. -
-W Ms Spen carOf SHIRT waist makes the most ao
f I ccptable of all Christmas pres
f 1 ents, end for several reasons:
X First, it is a thing- which Is al
ways needed; second, it shows a
direct personal thoughtfulness, and
third, it Is the fad to give a shirt waist
for a holiday jrfft.
Beyond thi* there Is a something
about the new waists which affords an
opportunity for a personal touch, a
chance to embroider, to cross stitch, to
lagot, to decorate In some way which
will give the waist an Individuality
which Is very flattering to the one who
receives it.
While the silk waist, the waist of taf
feta, the peau de sole, the ombre silk
and the crepe de chlae and all the other
fancy evening fabrics are dainty and
desirable in every way, still it must be
told that, after all, It Is the wash waist
which holds first place In popularity.
And for a. Christmas gift this Is par
ticularly true.
The wash waist, while it may be very
lnexpeneive and usually is at this time
of year, can also be costly; and to cay
that you have purchased a tubable
winter waist Is not to arcu» that you
have bought It cheap, on the bargain
counter.
The new cotton waists, far from be
ing Inexpensive, are positively high In
price, . and some of them are as dear
as velvet, while a great many make
taffeta seem like 80 cents in .matter of
cost. ' ,
These very expensive cotton waists
are In cheviot, in cotton canvas and in
very thick Marseilles. They como in
very heavy weight and are as warm
as wooL Many are. to use a' colloquial
ism, "as heavy as a board."
The ureat virtue of these waists is
that they will wash. Made of stuff that
will not shrink nor fade and which will
not lose its texture in the tub, they
can be cast into the water every week
and scrubbed with abandon. On being
taken out they are pressed and when
the process is completed they look, if
not like new, at least very nearly as
good.
The New Tub Waists.
In the tubable shirt waists can be
counted the heavy new,' mercerized
stuffs, with a wonderful glory of finish;
and there can be mentioned the glazed
white cottons, with brocaded figures,
which cannot be told front brocaded
satin at a distance.
The cotton canvases come in all col
ors and are really wonderful in the per
fection of their weave. They are love
liest in Gobelin and in wood brown and
in Indian red. But for that matter they
look well in any shade. They look very
soft, but when taken in the hand they
will be found as heavy as the stoutest
wool.
The fact that Jack Frost arrives in
winter, bringing with him the nipping
days, has hitherto kept women from
wearing the wash shirt waist In I De
cember. But with the advent of the
heavier cotton fabrics this objection
has been waved aside. And they who
could not think of puttlneTon the wash
able fabrics in winter thne are now
reveling in them.
Perhaps the prevailing tendency to
mannishness in woman's attire has led
the winter girl to copy her brother in
this respect: "If John wears a wash
able shirt In the winter time, why not'
Mary?" asks the winter girl. And, fail
ing to answer the Question; she has
wrought out a satisfactory solution.
Perhaps when the truth is told tha
tubable waist is more welcome in. the
winter time than In the summer. In
the winter a heavy coat Is worn and It
Is certainly Jarring to a woman's feel
ings to put on a heavy cloak over "a
nice waist. There is always the thought
that the waist Is being crushed into
nothingness. and its trimmings ground
into ribbons. The wash waist, onythe
other hand, being plainer In its con
struction and stouter in . its constitu
tion, suffers nothing from the crushing
and comes out as fine as ever after a
day's wear under the fur coat. . *
All Waists Are Blouse.
And. a still further argument in favor
of the wash.. waist is its prettiness.' for
it is certainly made upon the very pret
tiest plan. In its shape it. leaves noth
ing at all to bo desired, for thin girls
or fat; and In its stylo it is more than
excellent. . ,
Both the thin woman and the fat wo-'
man can wear a waist that is very full
. upon the ' bust, and to secure this : full
ness there are plaits laid < upon \ the
shoulder to widen later Into a Glbsori
ian- front. Or there are box plaits
which give the fullness , at the bust
where it Is most needed.
AH waists, thin and thick, have the
full blouse effect directly over the belt
in the middle of the front. . But this
pouch, instead of _ being wide and
heavy, Is narrow and rather pointed
Bets. Tee slide. wnfe£ f> ft* Inches
long and not more than two lnehaa la
width, is arranged upon the bait so
that it curves around the baok. Th«
buckle is fastened in tha middle of the
front.
The woman who wants to b« Tery
fashionable upon very little, and who
cannot even afford the wtdo satin rib
bons that come for belting", can maka
herself a crush belt by cutting up an
old moire skirt or wajst. Let it Ij4
doubled, stitched upon both edges ant>*
if possible, let It be made on the bias.
It need not be shaped, for It will ad« ».
just Itself to the figure. It should bo /
four inches wide at least and should b«
crushed down to the shape of the waist.
Those who make these belts at homo
will be more successful If they take
heed to a few small Items. One of these
is that it Is best to adjust tha buckle
after the belt is on. Arrange the belt
aroucd the waist, slip the buckle In
place, hook it and then tighten it prop
erly. A natural dip will bo secured
thus which v?ould not be possible were
the buckle sewed on before th'e belt had
been- shaped to the figure.
Do not think that because the wash
shirt waist is In vogue tha wool waist
is out of style, for this is far from be
ing the case. The new wool waists ara
not only very well made, but thev are
splendidly adapted to the figure, com
• Ing in all the neat and becoming pat
terns and made In the v#ry latest styles.
There are silk flannels that look 90
much like satin that you could not tell
the difference, and there are soft wools
' that are the exact understudy of glazed
silk. These come in all the pretty col
ors, but are at their best In the pastel
shadt3. pale blue, light pink, soft mel
low green and the moon shades of yel
low. They come embroidered In a Una
dot, or decorated with a convention.!!
• flower . or stitched, fagoted or • hand
made in some manner. The Christmas
, shirt waist, far from being monotonous.
Is filled with variety, and one could
purchase a great many waists without
once repeating one's self in making the
selections. - t
colored leather; they come Tn red, or
green, or white. These belts are very
neat with the tailored waists and have
the marvelous advantage of being very
easy to adjust, and they wear well also.
The Question with the narrow belt is
one of diplomacy. How shall one pre
serve the diplomatic relations between
shirt and waist so that the two shall
not part company at the critical mo
ment, leavng the belt in a position
which can be described as on the fence
and betwixt and between?
The Countes3 de Castellane has a
French modiste who makes her shirt
bands of suede, exactly the color of the
leather belt : which is to cover them.
Now should they part company it
would be no harm at all.
But Itijs the wide belt which is de
cidedly fin," and this comes in kid, in
suede, in soft morocco and In satin.
The belt may be a full finger depth In
width and It. can be a little wider if one
prefers.' There is no buckle used in
the back, but the front is fastened with
a,blg harness buckle.
The modish colors are moleskin
brown, automobile and " Indian reds,
mushroom brown, ecru, castor gray
and all the odd or off shades of the
paler colors.
In adjusting a wide belt for the first
time one should have" a full length mir
ror in which to view the back of the
waist, for it is a fact that. the leather
will . take . folds of Its own, and . unless
guided by hand these folds will be un
graceful. They should be folded eor
rectly and each time the belt Is put on
It will take precisely the same lines.
A woman who dresses very well
makes It a practice to spread her suede
and rough leather' belts wide and
smooth In the back, while. on the sides
she crumples them a very little, let
ting them crush down fiat in front.
This gives the jwaist a very pretty slope
and makes the figure look trim.
The Buckles and Slides.
She who wishes to give a pretty
Christmas gift can select one of the
new buckles and slides which come in
Ip that' tHer figure Is not visibly ; thlek
ene<T thereby. • V .' ¦
Sleeves are made In all sorts of ways,
but perhaps the prettiest. Is the debu
tante : sleeve") .which shows a fullness
as far as the elbow, where ; It Is met
by \ a ; very deep . cuff ' which extends
down < to the knuckles. This cuff must
be unbuttoned to admit of the hand
slipping through.
Another sleeve,- just as pretty and
more in ' favor, la j the sleeve which Is
the genuine shirty waist -sleeve with
narrow cuff. The cuff fastens with a
long point which laps over and is
caught with a little button or with a
hook. .
Miss Roosevelt's Luncheon Waists.
Miss Alice Roosevelt . is reveling in
pretty, shirt waists this fall, for each
time she < appears in public she wears
a new one.' She chooses them for lunch
eons, morning calls and 5 o'clock teas.
They are in every shade that can be
imagined, with a preference for the
tans, the browns, the deep reds, and,
all the shadow tones. /
One waist was a marvel in prettiness,
being in an Indian red canvas worked
by hand down each side of the front.
The design chosen was the conven-r
tior.al chrysanthemum, which was car
ried out In rose colors with the stems
in green'. Surely this gave an oppor
tunity for a. very nice exhibit of handi
work and the woman who is handy
with the needle could do a great deal
In the way of embroidering her shirt
waist fronts.
Another wash waist, worn recently at
a girl's luncheon In Washington, show
ed bands of narrow canvas, put oh as
strappings down each side of the front,
each band stitched with machine
stitching upon each edge. •
A great many of the tubable waists
are trimmed with brass buttons, which
are removed for the tub's sake. And
the putting on of the buttons* is one
of the self-appointed tasks of the win
ter girl.-
THey are taking the old white waists
of last summer and are working them
down each aide with a great pattern in
dark red, either a big diamond pattern '
or a Greek scroll. Then, down the
front, they are setting brass military
buttons, thus giving the finishing win-:
ter touch to , the "waist which is to be
worn until Christmas &nd afterward.
Still another luncheon waist, also
worn by a Washington girl, was trim
med with simulated^ box plaits, very
narrow and running from the shoulder
seam right down to the belt. The waist
was buttoned Invisibly under a wide
box plait,. and upon this plait were
groups of .brass buttons, In little rows
of three each.
The Christmas Waists.
1 If you are, going to" give a shirt waist
for a Christmas present it is essential
that it be one that has, the touch of
your own hand upon it. The personal;
thought is thus expressed and, antici
pating this, there come the most beau
tiful; waists, of ;very heavy quality,
with' a large pattern stamped upon the
front. This can be worked by hand In
silks or in wash cottons, until the waist
is a work o'f art, as well as of utility..
I • Mrs. -T. C. Platt and Mrs. Chauncey
M.Depew are. both adepts at waist em-,
broidery, and the former is seldom seen
without a needle threaded , In "coarse
cotton, pulling: the threads through the
stock which matches ,ner. latest waist.
She wears ¦ the '-- Indian f r colors a ; great
deal and is very partial to the Indian
reds . arid .the Indian : blues, while deft
touches of white are used to bring out
¦the tones '. more prominently.
" It must not be supposed that the
fancy for embroifierin* these heav:
cotton waists has driven out the open
work fad, for on the contrary there are
more waists trimmed with openwork
than ever. A great many of these have
lace pieces set In, with the foundation
cut out beneath the lace, while others
have the lace applied and a little hem
stitching is used around each lac© piece.
Wheels of Indian manufacture can be
bought and applied to the yokes of
waists. t while, for the nicer waists, the
Mexican thread wheels are Ideal.
The wash waist goes beautifully with
all the separate skirts, and the fact
that it comes In all colors makes It one
of the most desirable dress adjuncts of
the season. .. r
The open' canvas materials, while
they look very thin, come heavily
lined, or so arranged that they are worn
over a heavy lining. The.y are, for the
most part, in cream color; and the na
ture of their weave Is such that they
admit of the most elaborate needle
work. Roses, Armenian patterns and
/Assyrian designs can all be worked In
the criss-cross mesh of this cream col
ored canvas.
Christmas Belt and Stock.
If you want to give or make your
girl friend a Christmas present of a
belt or,, a stock, with or without the
shirt waist, you cannot do better than
study the new fashions in these articles
before venturing forth, for 'It is a fact
that 'these have so greatly changed In
the last few months as to be scarcely
recognizable.
A stock made of calf 6kin, with the
red hair of the calf left on, was a nov
elty recently seen. This crossed In the
back, while the straps came around
to the front and fastened under a har
ness buckle. " Another leather stock
was made of morocco of the same de
sign. It was round and straight and
the ends of the straps Blipped through
each other in the back and were buck
led, in the front in very neat fashion.
... A great many of the new stocks are
of the "twice around", variety and con
sist of a very long canvas strip, which
• is passed twice around the neck and
knotted in front The moat approved
knot shows one end passed in under
the other, while both ends fall to the
waist. In over-and-over style. •
Then there are the very dainty made
and-stitched bishop stocks, with varia
tions, one of which has a turn-over
edge with space for a ribbon to berun
j under. Another shows the ends com
ing together In thefront with a button.
It is a fact that women particularly
like the neat, stiff neck fixings, and for
that reason the linen collar with the
ribbon stock continues In favor. It la
possible now to buy these ribbon stocks,
made in layers of silk, with a knot of
silk in the front,, the whole intended for
wearing with a stiff linen collar.
' The linen stocks that are round in the
front and fastened In the back are^ueen
a great deal/ The back is closed invis
ibly, while the front haa two or three
points, one overlapping the other, with
a button in the center. ;•.'•;
All of these linen stocks afford ample
opportunity for hand work, and so can
be made .up into charming', little
Christmas testimonials. .
The Question . of a Belt.
¦¦¦V'. The belt ; Question la one that .worries
woman from season to season and' from
day to day. A belt is so essential to; a
shirt waist, yet so difficult to manage.
If narrow,' it .must not be too narrow to
cover, the skirt band, and if wide it must
not :be, wide enough to* disfigure the
¦ waist line. .. , ' " *>¦ ' V. '.
The narrowbelts are. very, becomingly
made of patent' leather and of - rough
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL —CHRISTMAS ; NUMBER.
THE CHRISTMAS SHIRT WAIST
18Beautiful substantial articles
that «*y" be made by any
woman of artistic tastes and
strength, enough to drive a ham
mer — "Grandmother's clock" is
among the lovely pieces of new
art furniture that can be made
by an amateur.
«*w RB you making the Nouveau
f | Art Christmas furniture?
r™1 There is a great deal of home-
JL made furniture in the land
these days. But, as It does
not look like home-made furniture nor
like amateur work, it can be forgiven.
More than that It is welcome, for a
great deal of It is as pretty as it can
be; and a great deal better than could
possibly be bought for the same money.
Among the surprises of Christmas
day will be the Quantity of hand-made
furniture which is brought forth; and
those who are fortunate enough to re
ceive specimens will secure something
which is well worthy an honorable
place In a modern home.
Woman turned carpenter a long
time ago. But she was timid. She
worked with nothing 'at alL A soap
box. a few barrel Etaves and some
rough boards and broom sticks were
her materials; and with these she
evolved so-called furniture which did
not amount to much from point of
beauty or usefulness.
But the lady carpenter of to-day
works quite differently. It is a story of
the lady and the hammer and with the
deft Instrument she turns out many a
handsome bit. She calls It new art
furniture. But, called by any name, it
is pretty and extremely usefuL
The lady carpenter, when she gets
ready to work, makes out her schedule.
She must have bo many shelves of such
«ize and thickness. They must be of
a certain wood finished In a certain
way. Then she needs the -mechanical
parts, the sliding shelves, the drawers,
the racks and the moldings.
When ehe has made out her list she
adds the trimmings, the little brass
knobs, the fleur delis in brass, the
great ornamental locks and the im
mense hinges which are now the fan
cy; and she adds a plentiful supply ot
great ornamental nails, for it Is now
the style to have all the materials
show when the piece of furniture is
complete.
Grandmother's Clock.
A beautiful piece of Christmas furni
ture is the grandmother's clock.
Fifty years from now it will be, not
grandfather's dock, but the clock of
grandmother.
Grandmother's dock, now being built,
is built to last; and In the days to com*
It will be an ornament for the front
hall, the back hall, or the parlor.
The "grandmother" who Is now mak
ing the clock is a young girL She is not
a grandmother yet. But she wants a
dock, a dock that will last, a dock for
keeps.
"I am so tired of frail things," says
she, "let me build me something that
will endure."
It Is to be a piece of holiday work and
the making will take time. It must not
be an ordinary clock, but one that will
last forever, a dark wood, heavy dock
with a pendulum that wags and a face
that can be seen all over the house.
"It must have a pretty face," says
she, "for a dock with a homely face is
a constant reproach. And It must
strike. The striking of the dock is so
comforting. No matter whether the
strokes are welcome or not. no matter
whether they are a Joy or a bitter
sweet. That clock of mine must strike
the hour."
Most women can put together a clock
frame from a diagram. J8ut those who
cannot can call help. The carpenter,
that friend of woman, is called into the
business and, after many consultations,
many trips backward and forward,
many measurements, many efforts to
understand, and many misunderstand
ings, be finally gets the idea. And
when a carpenter once gets the idea the
battle is half won.
The clock Is made and a beauty it Is.
Its back is flat. Its sides are out off
But these are not the clock faces that'
wear well. You want a face with a
hard wood finish and with brass let
ters, or letters of silver and hands that
correspond. This sort of a clock is not
very expensive and can be rigged up by
any clockmaker in a few days! You
pay the price and he makes the clock go.
A tall eleg-ant clock is just the thing
for a Christmas present.
How much does it cost? Well, there's
the Question. You see It depends upon
the woman, the carpenter and the bar
gaining propensities of both. There are
carpenters who will let you buy the ma
terial and will work for you, by the day,
upon It, getting it done as soon as pos
elble. And there are others, conscience
less fellows,'; who ' will . demand that
you let? them buy the stuff, and p^V*
it, and charge you anything at alL •¦--.•¦ -¦*»
It Is ' all ; according to the kind ot a
man you get— Just like any ether lot*
teryl :
You can put together leas ambitious
clocks, or you can make a ¦winging
clock by /attaching chains to a circular
framework and setting, a dock inside.
Beautiful . hanging, clocks are made to
be suspended between the parlor and
the dining-room; and there are hanging
clocks ; that ; are just the thing • for the
staircase hall, or over the big fireplace.
They/ take, clocks and stain , them In
dark colors and hand paint them. But,
if you do this, get the spirit of Michael
Angrelo to help you, or gtt a Raphael'
to hold your hand; for a hand-painting
that is not good is .very, bad Indeed.
especially when it be perpetuated In
diagonally to make dear little three
cornered shelves tor bric-a-brac. And
down below Is a wide shelf for books.
At the top shines the face, a great
round thing, a face so dear that you
want to hug It, and over the face there
is room for bric-a-brac "I shall deco
rate that face," says the girl, "the
bands shall be cold and I shall paint
upon it the year in ' which It was
made."
When the carpenter's workyis done
the work of the girl begins. The car
penter left the clock in Its natural
state; all light colored, plain hard
wood, ready for the talented hand of
the decorator.
And the grandmother of fifty years
hence does bold a talented hand. With
plenty of energy and lots of stain she
goes to work. She stains and she stains
and her hands bear witness that she
has done it In no tlml4 manner. She
puts the stain on thinly! and frowns be
cause It sinks in darkly- Then sbj» ap
plies another coat and it sticks better;
ft third Is better still.
There is a distinct knack in staining
and varnishing and the woman who
wants to stain and finish her clock well
will begin upon the bac.«c Before she
has completed it she wJU have learned
a lesson or two which will come In han
dy when she tackles the front.
There are certain works of art which
tell their age and their maker by the
very looks. There are pieces of furni
ture which distinctly say to those who
understand furniture, "That piece was
made In 1830," and others will show,
at a glance, the seventeenth century
handiwork.
And bo It should be with this clock.
The style in heavy tall clocks this year
calls for a clock whicj^ls so substan
tial that It takes the combined ptrength
of all the men of the family to move It,
with the woman of the? family hard by,
bossing the Job. f ~ -
The face of the dock* like the face of
a woman, should be Jhe main thing.
It should be very pleaiing In Its shape
and its features shoul/1 be marked by
distinctness and a certain elegance or
regularity "Nothing irregular in its
markings, Just plain and ; pretty, ele
gant and always fit to be seen.
There are some big clocks whose faces
always need cleaning. They must be
polished often and " rubbed with ' this
kind of powder and that kind of paste.
such a substantial way as in the
grandmother's clock of 1950.
A pretty gift is the silk petticoat box
for the friend who Is the owner of half
a dozen silk petlcoats. -
But the Question of keeping them is
the one that bothers a woman. How is
Bhe going to preserve her petticoats?
A bureau drawer will not hold them.
Then, after that, they are crushed
down, mussed and made to look worn
before they are ever put on. Then, too,
a bureau drawer is so Inconvenient for
the purpose— not long enough and too
wide.
The way out of it is the scented box.
And It can be an ordinary paper box,
if you have no other, padded Inside and
filled with nice scents. The outside can
be covered with cretonne and you have
a box which comes In very well for
holding your skirts.
But the best box is the Japanese box.
This is made out of thin wood, not
heavy, yet stout enough to answer as
a seat if you so desire, or It can do duty
in the corner of the room, or can stand
In a clothes press unobtrusively.
This box should be made of wood
with a Blight odor to it. Odorous woods
drive away Insects and prevent moths
from entering. If the box has no scent
then put some scent, in to it.
Scenting wood Is not difficult. You
take a little Chinese Incense, of the sort
which comes in long "pipe-like pieces,
and you light a bunch and place it in
the box. The smoke will permeate
every crack and your box will be per
manently scented. Don't be afraid of
getting it too strong, for natural woods
are highly scented if you get the sweet
kind. .
Do not think, when scenting your
box, that you must use v camphor if yon
would drive away moths. Moths do not
like odors of any kind and will fly
away from Chinese Incense as quickly
as they will from camphor gum; and
they will not enter If there Is as much
as a' whiff of rose anywhere about.
The Scented Box.
¦ .Women' who like highly scented gar
ments are In the habit of buying half
an ounce of oil of rose geranium. This
they use for polishing the. Inside of the
shirt waist box, which also makes an
excellent Christmas gift. A little of the
oil is dropped upon flannel , and . the in
side is thoroughly polished from one
•nd to the other. _JThe remainder of
the oil Is poured into the cracks.
Now, 1 comes the laying of a padded
piece In the bottom. It should be naif
On the face of the screen ana wCl
work still stranger miracles. Tho hlnga
she will remove and will replace It with
one that looks as though It might have
held a barn door. It will be very largo,
very brassy and will look the better the
older It is.
As to the framework, that is easily
fixed, with a few I — -* crnaments put
on as though they belonged on. not aa
though they were put there to keep tha
screen from actually falling apart.
And. then, the Nouveau Art girl wlH
do the proudest work of all. She will
get out a long embroidery needle with
a long golden thread With this lone
needle and the golden thread she will
work an animal, a great sprawling
thing with wings and legs, for aa tha
world like the. winged and legged an
imals which you see every day.
A girl took an old family screen tha
other day, a screen that had done- duty
In the house for ever so long, and niada
It Into a family Christmas present.
Bhe took It off with her, up to the at
tic and kept it there two weeks. Many
were the excursions she made up
there, sometimes carrying a pot ex
paint, sometimes a little varnish, some
times a brass hinge and a hammer and
sometimes a stick of wood for Its lower
legs, though short, were very dislo
cated.
Sometime* when she went no tha at
tic stairs she looked like a rainbow, for
her shoulders were covered with threads
of all kinds, blue and red and yellow,
with gold threads hanging from all.
like the gold at the end ot the rainbow.
But at last all was -finished. And then
came the removal to the. parlor and tha
afternoon tea to Introduce tha Bcreaa
to family society.
"What may it be?" asked some en«
looking at the animal upon the front.
"It la a bird." said she, "a New Art
bird, one of those that look all goldy
In the sun."
Well, the screen was ft success and
the father of the girl has asked that
she give It to him for Christmas as a
surprise. He likes to be surprised with
things that are in the house rather
than with things that are yet to ba
bought! "It Is so easily settled," say a
he, "with no uncertainty."
The New Art girl. If left alona. wm
do some nice things la the Una of fam
ily decoration. True, she may make a
few mistakes, but what artist does not
make mistakes? You remember that
Madonna with the puffy eyes, do you
not? And everybody knows that tha
artist broke off those marble arms of
the Venus de Mllo because he could not
make arms good enough for the world
to see. "Don't tell on me," he whis
pered Into the marble ears and Venus,
with the warm heart, has never told a'
word.
So In making Christmas presents of
home-made furniture remember that
the defects do not show to friendly
eyes and that the small mistakes will
be visible to no one but you.
AUGUSTA PRE3COTT.
an Inch thick and should be absolutely
filled with scents of. all kinds, with a
preference for the neutral herbs, which
are never nauseating and which en
dure longer than the artificial scents.
Powdered cloves make a nice fixative
for other scents.
The object in having the pad very
thick la to afford a soft bed for the
silk waists and for the lace waists, the
waists of panne and crepe, of chiffon
and of mull. It Is coming winter and
In the -winter time all waists are nice
and waists of all kinds are worn for
evening.
The other paraphernalia of the box
are soft pads of white tissue paper
about the size and shape of your arm.
Also some bust pads of tissue. These
are for slipping Into the waists to keep
them from crushing and to keep the
Bilk from cracking.
There are ever so many ways of fin
ishing the outside of the box. A nice
way calls for thin Japanese matting,
which la tacked on the outside and
neatly finished with strips of spilt
bamboo. Or the matting can be fin
ished with bands of tape. Ribbon also
makes a good binding, or a row of gold
tacks.
If you desire you can take and work
the matting before putting It on the
outside of the box and you can do a
nice pattern upon it In colored crewels.
Done In this manner It makes a very
nice Christmas gift.
There are those who can paint In
Japanese fashion, which Is in large,
flowery designs, and. If you can do this,
the decoration of the box Is simple.
Lovely designs can be put on without
difficulty and with the expenditure of
very little time.
The shirt-waist box can be utilised
for dress skirts, but in this case the
box must be a little longer and must be
kept strictly for dress skirts. It should
be long and narrow and supplied with
.separate pads to lay between the sepa
rate skirts.
Shirt-waist suits can be kept In these
boxes and. Indeed, almost everything
a woman wears from the rising of the
sun until the going down of the same—
and a little later.
The New Art GirL
And here Is another pretty gift.
Is there an old screen In th© house,
an Impossible thing, with a dark back
ground,, a rickety frame, a creaky
hinge and a weak back?
Give It to the Nouveau Art girl and
she will do wonders with It. She will
strengthen the back with heavy brown
wrapping paper, the sort that grocers
used to use, with little specks In It that
looked good enough to eat.
She will take this paper and paper
the back and then, with facile brush,
she will place streaks of gold and red
paint an over It. She will put them on
In queer ways so that the back of the
screen looks as If It were out In a
golden snowstorm. And In the middle
she will paint a girl's figure.
The Nouveau Art girl runs to wom
en and animals and roses, the three
lovely things of earth.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL. —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
CHRISTMAS
NOUVEAU
ART
FURNITURE
19THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
A CHRISTMAS DINNER FOR EIGHT
AND HOW TO COOK IT
Jfo/JiMJ&
Epicurean
Cocktail. Eastern Oysters on the Half-Shell.
Olives. Celery Salad. Salted Almonds.
Sautcrne. • ¦ Cream of Artichokes.
Striped Bass a la Et^iel. J
Sliced Cucumbers. • ¦ Potatoes Epicurean,
Boiled Ox Tongue, Piquant Sauce.' .
Sherry V
Terrapin a la Bab.
Calves Sweet Breads a la Epicurean.
St. Julien. * . .
• Cardinal Punch, •
Roast Turkey, Stuffed with Chestnuts. '
Dressed Lettuce.
Cauliflower au Gratin. Baked Sweet Potatoes.
Champagne.
English Plum Pudding.- Hard and Brandy Sauce,
Macaroon Ice Cream.
Angel Cake. Fruit Cake.
Cordial. Assorted Fruit Nuts. Raisins, Pigs.
' Cheese and Crackers. ¦ Coffee.
TO tne economical but unbltJoti*
hostess the Christmas dinner is
always a problem. What shall
she serve and how shall it be
cooked? and what will it cost? These
ire questions that she finds arc not
readily answered. The traditional
menu that usually finds its way into
print is invariably too elaborate, too
expensive and— indigestible. Besides,
[t means cooking for too many peo
ple. What the modern housewife
really desires is a menu to please a
small party of, say, not more than
sight, and it is to supply this want
that The Sunday Call has secured
from Bab, the famous caterer, not
only one of his most highly prized
aienus, but the recipes for each and
;very article, from the beginning to
the end, of the dinner, 60 that it can
be easily and correctly prepared and
served.
EPICUREAN COCKTAIL. *
Fill one glass with ice, one teaspoon
ful of powdered sugar, two or three
dashes of Angostura bitters, one or two
dashes of orange bitters, one dash of
curacoa, one-half wine glass of sloe gin,
one-half wine glass vermouth; stir well,
strain into a fancy cocktail glass,
squeeze a piece of lemon peel on top
and serve.
OYSTERS.
Oysters should be kept in a very cool
place before they are opened and well
washed before using, ; otherwise their
appearance will be destroyed. They
should, according to the French custom,
be opened on the deep shell, so as to
better preserve the liquor, then laid on
finely chopped ice for a short time — too
long destroys their flavor. While they
should be kept as cold as possible, they
should never be allowed to freeze,
therefore they should only be opened
shortly before needed, for once frozen
they quickly turn sour.
" The proper way to open them Is to
place the deep shell in the palm of the
left hand and break them on one Bide.
The Boston stabbing: knife Is prefer
able for this, but if there be none handy
use a small block that the oyster can
fit into and stab it on the edge; or even
a chopplng-block and chopplng-knlfe
may be employed in case of necessity.
Serve six oysters for each person, nie^
ly arranged on oyster-plates with quar
ters of lemons.
DRESSED CELERY.
Trim off green stems, then cut off the
tops, leaving the yellow center leaves.
Make two deep incisions in the bottom
of the stalk so as to be able to wash
the celery well In cold water. Cut it In
short thick Juliennes, season it with
salt, pepper, vinegar and oil, also add
some cloves chopped fine. Mix It all
well together and when ready for use
dress in a salad bowl and garnish with
sliced tomatoes or beets, cut in fancy
shapes.
SALTED ALMONDS. |
Bhell one pound of papershell al
monds, sprinkle with salt and a llttl«
cayenne, fry In butter till a "rich gold
color, drain on paper, serve cold with
salt.
CREAM OP ARTICHOKE SOUP.
Put in a saucepan one small fine
chopped onion, with one ounce of but
ter; fry them lightly, then add two
pounds of artichokes cut in slices, put
the cover on and let them simmer slow
ly for twenty minutes, then add one
quart of thickened chicken or veal
broth and a faggot of parsley gar
nished. Season with salt, pepper, nut
meg and pinch of sugar. Let them
cook slowly until they are tender. Take
out the faggot and rub them through
a fine sieve, then put back In a sauce
pan to keep warm; when ready to serve
add one-half pint cream, in which di
lute the yolks of two eggs and a piece
of butter, stirring it well until the but
ter is melted.
STRIPED BASS.
Lay a three-pound well cleaned bass
en a well buttered baking dish, season
with a half pinch of salt and one-third
pinch of pepper. Moisten with a half
a glass of white wine and three table
spoonfuls of mushroom liquid. Cover
with a heavy piece of buttered paper
and cook in a moderate oven for fif
teen minutes. Then lay the fish on a
dish, put the Juice In a saucepan, melt
two ounces of butter, one pint of rich
soupstock and thicken -with flour, then
throw it over the bass with half a can
of chopped mushrooms.
CUCUMBERS FOR RELISH.
Pare the cucumbers and cut them in
thin slices. Serve them In relish dishes
with a piece of Ice on the top of them
to keep them cool.
POTATOES EPICUREAN.
Tak« one dosen small new potatoes,
out them In slices a quarter of an inch
thick, put them into a flat saucepan
and moisten them with broth to cover.
Season them with salt and pepper, ppt
the cover on the saucepan and set It
on a brisk fire. When the broth is/
nearly reduced the potatoes should be
cooked. Then add a piece of butter,
Eome finely chopped parsley and the
Juice of one lemon. Toss them well to
gether until the butter is melted and
then serve. "When old potatoes are
used, cut them first in halves and then
Into slices of an equal size.
PIQUANT SAUCE.
Stew in a saucepan two ounces of fat,
two carrots, one onion, one sprig of ¦
thyme, one bay-leaf, six whole peppers,
three cloves, and If handy a ham bone
cut into pieces. Add two sprigs of cel
ery and half a bunch of parsley roots;
cook for fifteen minutes; a scrap of
baked veal may be added if handy;
strain the same through a cloth. Place
one onion chopped very fine In a sauce
pan with half a cupful of vinegar, re
duce until almost dry then add the
above sauce, and one tablespoonful of
capers, three small gherkins and three
mushrooms, all finely chopped up to
gether, cook for ten minutes, season
with a third of a tablespoonful of salt
and a scant teaspoonful of pepper and
serve with tongue.
TERRAPIN A IiA BAB. >.
Put the terrapin into boiling water to
which a tablespoonful of salt has been
added. Boll until the nails and shells
can be easily removed; use everything
but the entrails, being careful ! not to
break the gall bag In the liver. Make
a dressing of half a pint of rich thick
cream, one tablespoonful flour rubbed
into nearly a half a pound of butter,
boll a half a dozen eggs hard and mash
the yolks with a little cream; season by
adding salt, red and black pepper and
one quarter of a teaspoonful of ground
mace, mix in chafing dish, bring to a
boil, add sherry and serve.
SWEETBREADS A LA EPICUREAN.
Clean and neatly trim three pairs of
fin« sweetbreads, soak them for three
hours in three different fresh waters,
one hour in each water with one pinch
of salt in each water. Drain, place In
cold water and blanch' them till they
come to a boll, then drain and freshen
in cold water. Cover them with a nap
kin and lay aside in a cool place.
Take four sweetbreads, stew in milk
and water with mace and lemon peel;
when cooked enough strain the gravy
and thicken with a teacup of cream and
a little corn-flour. Roll up eight or ten
quite thin pieces of bacon and fry them
crisp and set them on end in the middle
of the dish, then lay small bunches of
asparagus at Intervals on the top of
the bacon, cut the sweetbreads into
suitable size pieces and put them round,
then pour the sauce over them so as to
leave the bacon and asparagus clear.
CARDINAL PUNCH.
Put in a vessel a half pound powdered
sugar with one quart of cold water,
grate in the rind of a large lemon or of
two small ones, squeezing in the juice
of three good-sized ones or four if
small, and with the spatula beat well
together for five minutes, then pour In
a half gill of red curacoa and half a
gill of maraschino,' half a pint of
Jamaica rum, place on a moderate stove
to heat for five minutes, stir constantly
with spatula, being , careful not to let
It boll; remove from fire and strain
Into Icecream freezer, filling the freezer
all . around with broken ice mixed
slightly with rock salt, then turn the
handle, on the cover as briskly as pos
sible for three minutes, lift up' the lid
and with the wooden spoon detach the
punch from around the freezer, and the
bottom as well. Recover It and turn
the handle sharply for three . minutes
more, uncover and detach the punch
the same as before, being careful not
to let the salt drop in, put lid ) on and
repeat three times more. The punch by
this this time should be quite firm, so
have a cold dish to serve in.
ROAST TURKEY.
Binge, draw, wash well and dry a
fine tender turkey weighing five to. six
pounds; fill the sides with chestnut fill
ing described below, -then nicely truss
the '.'.turkey .from; the wing to the leg,
season with a heavy pinch of salt, well
sprinkled over, cover the breast with
thin slices of larding pork. Put it to
roast In a roasting pan in a moderate
oven for an hour and half, basting It
occasionally with its own gravy. Take
from the oven and dress It on a hot
dish with chestnut stuffing. Peel a
good-sized sound shallot, chop It fin©
and place In a saucepan on the hot
range with one tablespoonful of butter
and let heat for three minutes with
out browning, then add a quarter of a
pound of sausage meat, cook for five
minutes longer; then add ten finely
chopped mushrooms, twelve well
pounded, cooked, peeled chestnuts; mix
all well together. Season with one
pinch of salt, one-half pinch of pepper,
one-half saltspoonful of powdered
thyme and a teaspoonful of finely
chopped parsley. Let them all come to
a boll and add a half an ounce of fresh
bread crumbs and twenty-four whole
cooked and shelled French chestnuts.
Mix well together, being careful not
to break the chestnuts; let cool off and
then stuff the turkey.
LETTUCE— FRENCH DRESSING.
Take hearts of six heads of lettuce,
wash and. drain well; dress with the
following dressing: Place in salad bowl
one teaspoonful of salt, one-half tea
spoonful of black pepper, one pinch
cayenne, one-half teaspoonful paprika.
Pour in ten tablespoonfuls of oil and
mix thoroughly; add vinegar drop by
drop, stirring vigorously with a . piece
of Ice until the dressing Is sufficiently
tart.
CAULIFLOWER AU GRATIN.
Take three heads of cauliflower, cut
roots close to the stem, then trim off
the leaves and wash carefully in cold
water; put them In a saucepan -with
enough water to cover them, and add a
little salt when they boil. Let them
cook slowly, adding a little milk and a
piece of butter: when cooked drain off
all the moisture and season with salt,
pepper and nutmeg; then put them in a
buttered baking dish, evenly formed
and pour over them a reduced cream or
Allemande sauce, to which add Borne
grated pannesan cheese, sprinkle fresh
bread crumbs over them and put a
small piece of butter on top. Nip. the
borders off dean, and then bake in the
oven.
ENGLISH PLUM PUDDING.
Bix ounces of marrow chopped fine.
Three ouncei of dried currant*, tnr*«
ounces dried Sultanas and three ounces
of Malaga raisins, three quarters of a
pound of crumbled bread crumbs, one
half a gill of Madeira Wine half gill
brandy, half gill rum, the grated rind
of half a lime, two ounces of citron
shredded fine, two ounces of powdered
sugar, a saltspoonful of salt, two whole
eggs. Moisten the whole with a gill of
cold milk, add a saltspoonful of allspice,
ground cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg; mix
tor ten minutes. Butter a cloth and lay
It on a large colander and pour the mix
ture Into It, then tie the four corners
firmly, allowing the space for It to
swell. Plunge It In a pan of boiling
water, leaving It half covered, and let
boll steadily for five hours, turning It
every hour.
BAILED SWEET POTATOES.
Wash the potatoes In cold water and
Sry them. Then put In the oven, turn
ing till cooked evenly, and when dona
serve In cups similar to egg cups. Cut
off the top end, scoop out a teaspoon
rul of the potato and put In Its place
a. piece of fresh butter.
HARD SAUCE.
Put In a bowl two ounces of butter,
four ounces of powdered sugar, beat
iharply for twenty minutes and add
jne-half saltspoonful of powdered
mace, beat five minutes longer, ar
*ange on a dessert dish and put In ice
:hest for tTro hours before using.
ANGEL CAKE.
Bift together on a paper half a pound
of flour, two ounces of corn starch and
half a pound of powdered sugar; beat
up In a copper basin the whites of ten
eggs (with a wire whip) to a very stiff
froth (reserving the yolks In a bowl In
the Ice box for Icecream or any other
purpose desired), remove the whip and
then with a skimmer In the right hand,
with the left hand lift up the paper
containing the Ingredients and gradu
ally drop the contents Into the basin,
thoroughly mixing with the skimmer
for five minutes, adding meanwhile a
gill of maraschino.
Have a plain round two-quart cake
mold with a tube in the center, lightly
butter and flour the Inside all around,
then place the preparation In the mold
and put It In a very slow oven to bake
for two hours and a half; remove from
out the oven, lay It on a table and let
cool for at least three hours, then care
fully run a thin knife all around the
mold so as to easily detach the cake
from top to bottom of the mold. Plaoa
a wire grate over the mold, turn It
upside down, remove the mold, then
glaze the cake with the following re
ceipt:
Pour Into a saucepan two gills of
water, with twelve ounce* of powdered
sugar; thoroughly mix with the spatula
for two minutes, then place the pan on
the hot rang© and stir all well until
lukewarm, then take off the range, lay
the pan on the table, then pour in half
a gill of good brandy, mix well together
for two minutes and then pour this
glaze over the cake, evenly spreading
all round with a knife, let dry for twen
ty minutes and then decorate with tne
following glace royale: Pour Into a
bowl the white of one egg. with six
ounces of extra fine sugar briskly beat
with the spatula for five minutes;
squeezing three drops of lemon Juloe
and sharply beat again for ten minute*
longer, make a paper cornet, transfer
the glace Into It, close the upper part
with the hand and with scjssora out
away a small piece from the point
an eighth of an Inch long; then gently
press down the glace on the cake, artis
tically decorating the top and all
around, giving, if possible, an angel
shape on the surface; let dry for two
hours. Have a diver dish with a fancy
paper over it, lay the cake over and
serve.
FRUIT CAKE.
' Place In a large bowl one pound of
powdered sugar and one pound of well
washed butter. Grate In the rind of
two lemons: with the hand knead well
for ten minutes. Break In ten whole
eggs, two at a time and knead for ten
minutes longer. Mix In a plate a tea
spoonful of ground cinnamon, a tea
spoonful of ground »doves, two of
ground allspice, one of mace and one of
grated nutmeg, add these with half a
gill of confectioners' molasses. Mix
well for one minute with the hand. Add
one pound of well sifted flour, stirring
for two minutes more. Add two pounds
of currants, two pounds of Sultana, two
pounds of Malaga raisins and one
pound of candled citron finely sliced,
one gill of Jamaica rum and one gill of
brandy. Mix the whole well together
for fifteen minutes, using both hands If
necessary. 1 Buttel the interior of a
plain five-quart round caka-mold. line
the bottom and sides with paper, leav
ing it an inch and a half higher than
the edge of the mold. Pour Inall the
preparation and place it In a very, "low
oven to bake for five hours. When done
lay it on a table to cool off for fou*
hours.
20LITTLE MRS. BLANK
¦By Carl JbJmsosi
red, each plate may be garalsnea fn
quite a different fashion and it never
falls to amuse and delight the.onlook
ers. \
A pretty notion and one that always
pleases 1b made of celery stumps. Just
the plain, gnarled roots and the rougher
and more fantastical in shape they are
the better. Each one seems bent on
going its own way In life and after it
has been thoroughly scrubbed,' the very
center is hollowed out and a piece cut
off the &o?tom so It win stand upright.
Then it Is filled with stuffed olives and
as a last effort to make it' proud of it
self a piece'' of c celery .'.or parsley Is
placed In '] the center, of i it . and to all
Intents and purposes Its main Idea
seems. to be to shade the olives. Such
ideas are always unique and it makes
no difference ; how ' much trouble they
may have been, If an amused .ripple
goes around the table you cannot but
feel well repaid.'
It really Isn't such a gigantic task
after all If you go about it in a system
atic'fashion, and, Mrs. Hostess,: if you
are a clever lady you will have a little
heart to heart with your cook and maid
the day before, the gala occasion, for in
this way you . will be able to throw off
much. of your responsibility,; which in
itself will allow you to devote yourself
entirely to enjoying the festivities as
much as any of your guests.
"Right you are. Sir James," replied
Croft, as the ghost of a smile stole ovar
his face and he winked at himself.
Impatient tones.
"Ton have several artificial plants In
tubs, your honor, and this one In par
ticular Is so light that even a woman
could lift it. Will you please have it
out?"
Sir James looked at tha agent In a
puzzled way, but seized the plant and
lifted it from the tub. and then held up
Ills hands in amazement. At the bot
tom of the tub was the missing jewel
box with tha contents intact,
"You see," said Croft, "In three or,
four days more the box would have
gone home with one of your guests."
"Croft," said Sir James, as he laid
his hand on' the man's shoulder, "you
must know the thief."
"I do, Sir James."
"But don't tell me his name, 1*11 send
him off with £50 In his pocket and not
even read him a moral lecture."
Immortelles.
The manufacture of Immortelle
wreaths in Pari3 occupies at least 1500
persons. The immortelles are gather
ed about the beginning of October, and
come chiefly from the arid hills in the
middle and south of France. They are
brought to the markets in their natural
condition, and the yellow blossoms are
dyed green, red and white, and woven
into wreath.3 by , special workmen In
readiness for All Saints' and All Souls'
days, when all good Parisians visit
their relatives' graves. .On these "fetes
des morts" the gates of the cemeteries
are beset with crowds of dealers in Im
mortelle wreaths, wire crosses and
bead crowns. At Pere la Chaise alone
more than 200.000 persons are calcu
lated to visit the cemetery, and the sale
of immortelle wreaths varies from 20,
000 to 25,000— Golden Penny.
"I'll bank on my own servants, but
you watch the gentlemen's valets and
the ladles' maids — particularly Lady
Sparrow's maid. That's all."
- Among the guests was Mrs. Major
Blank, whose husband was in the Four
teenth. She was handsome, petite and
versatile and was generally spoken of
as little Mrs. Blank. In a way, she was
not in the aristocratic set—in a money
way. In another, way she was popular,
and it was the thing to invite
her. Every hostess found her a valua
ble coadjutor In entertaining, and if the
major never showed up and she flirted
a bit with other men, there was no one
to speak ill of her. ..She was so mildly
wicked, if wicked at all, that It didn't
count. Of the twenty-two guests on
"Lady Sparrow, 'for instance, will
be sure to bring her £15.000 worth of
diamonds and wear them every evening
at . dinner. She's proverbially careless
of her Jewels.."
"Not a doubt of it."
"I think the rest may look out for
themselves, but you must act as a
guardian In a way for Lady Sparrow.
You will be assistant butler for the
time being."
"At your service. Sir James."
to open on a certain year 8Ir James
wrote to Abraham Croft to pay him a
business visit. It. was not Croft's first.
As a private inquiry agent he had been
made use of on various occasions, and
he was known to be up In his profes
sion.
"I shall have ten gentlemen and
twelve ladles in ray house for two
weeks, beginning on the 3d," said Sir
James, as he sat In the library with
Croft. "Here is the list."
"Good, people," commented Croft, as
he glanced at the names.
"None better; but I don't want any
thing to happen.". >~ . < :
"I see." ¦.-:: ¦¦'-
A deep dish of parsley, cool and crisp,
gives a pretty feathery ' touch and
with a crimson radish cut. in fanciful
shapes here and there and a number
of Btuffed olives to lend their touch of
most comrortable feeling In the wort*,
but after all the skewers and strings
that have been used In trussing have
been removed, it Is not a task that
should send a man forth hungry.
See that it is placed with its breast
to the left of the carver so that h<»
may insert his fork firmly in the small
end of the breast-bone as he holds It
in position that way until the process
is quite over.
Next cut off the wings and legs, as
they are always somewhat In the way,
by beginning on the farther side and
cutting through the Joints next the
body.
That much is to the good. But before
anything more is done hs should re
move them to the serving platter, In
order to make more room for himself,
and then he begins on the breast, al
ways cutting downward.
That really is the secret of earring
a turkey, and while it sounds simple
it requires a skilled hand to accomplish
it Just so. Epicures solemnly declare
that the two muscles that are to be
found on each side of the back near the
legs and the bits that are found in the
cavities of the neck are the sweetest
and most tempting of the entire bird,
but unless the carver Is up to snuff he
nearly always overlooks these morsels
or Is afraid to wander into unexplored
regions. ,
If one of your own family is to do the
carving it is possible to take him Into
the kitchen and put him through a rig
orous bit of training on the side and
to seat your guests so that another
one 'of the family may be near enough
to help in decorating the individual
plates.
The bird itself may be festooned with
preens and berries. and even tied with
grass streamers, but it should be dis
tinctly remembered that it is there to
eat and not merely to look at and that
all the frills and furbelows make it
harder for the carver to handle the bird
neatly.
And carving, by the way. Is an ac
complishment that no one need sneeze
at. Few people, even the heads of
households, can always find the Joints,
and tvhen there are many mouths to fill
it pays to understand Mr. Bird thor
oughly, for he will serve Just twice as
many plates when properly served.
It's no uncommon thing to hear a
man eay, "I'd rather go without my
dinner than carve and It's all because
he firmly expects the turkey to fly
from the platter into the lap of his
nearest neighbor and to deluge the next
cne with gravy. Granted it isn't the
The little patty shells should be well
heated and by way cf a contrasting
color parsley leaves and thin slices of
lemon may be added and the whole
makes as appetizing a dish as can be
imagined.
A Christmas dinner Isn't a Christmas
dinner without a turkey and to make it
seem all the more so It should be carved
at the table.
If you are looking for effects you can
order the bird stuffed Just so and have
him brought on sitting up and survey
ing things generally. Then In a twink
ling stands of green that . have been
festooned about the chandeliers may be
dropped to the four corners of the
table and as they have been previously
decorated with countless small turkeys
and chickens the idea is most faithfully
carried out.
doe* not boll. Then It is removed from
the fire and the salmon Is stirred in and
the whole flavored with a little walnut
catsup. ' .¦;.>•
Soup Is quite the hardest of all to
Cress up and it is scarcely necessary
If it is served in the quaint old pottery
plates that are so que^rly decorated
¦with gayly colored peasants. Generally
the color scheme is carried out In a red
or a vivid pir.k and that In itself colors
bullion sufficiently.
For fish, salmon patties are always
nice, end as they carry out the color
echeme are about the best to choose.
Wfclle the name sounds complicated
they are in reality cold salmon flaked
into email pieces. A cupful of milk, a
teaspoonful of butter, salt spoonful of
calt. dash of cayenne pepper and one
well beaten egg are put in a double
boiler and stirred until It thickens but
Make it as higrh as you like, but take
good care to Bee that It is not too
round, for !t will prevent your guests
from seeing those opposite them and
nothing Is quite so disagreeable as
dofiging a meal through.
In the center of the table place a
reindeer and hitch numerous little sou
venirs, such es animals filled with
candy, musical Instruments with glace
fruits and automobiles with nuts in
ruch a position that the guests may
help themselves when they feel so in
clined, and in this way the toys serve
three purposes, for they make appro
priate favoqi to be taken home as a
reminder of a Jolly evening. There are
as many wee stockings on the tree as
there are guests and each one is tied
with a gay ribbon that is fastened di
rectly in front of the place plate of the
person It is intended for. When all are
6eated. first one and then another
should follow up the ribbon and find
out what Santa Claus has left for them
and in this v.-ay no end of merriment
is created. If time is no object the
fame Idea may be carried out In an
other way. Instead of running the rib
bons to the plates they may be inter
laced ttrre and time again and tied
J^jst where the ribbon gives out. In
this tray it is impossible to seat the
puests, es first one and then another
is winding and unwinding and the
stocking belongs, not to the person that
it chances to be In front of, but the
one whose ribbon is attached to it.
Oysters are a good starter Tor the
dinner and as they are always on the
shell on ice they afford a splendid op
portunity for fancy frills of holly. Take
the berries stripped from the branches
and dot them thickly in an Icy bed
and efter they have been frozen the
sudden heat of the dining-room will
cover them with sparkling beads and
they will glimmer like so many crystal
lized drops.
The miniature tree may be of ever
green or an imitation for that matter,
but the fragrant pine adds so much
that It Is a Ehame not to use it when
It is possible.
True hospitality does not necessarily
mean that one must have the finest or
the best in the land, but It most cer
tainly docs mean that the spirit of the
time must be freely given, and with
that all things are possible, for a little
care and a little thought will see the
"whole thing through and in a truly
charming manner at that.
The hostess who is priving a dinner
feels that she has undertaken no small
task, and, of a truth, these days of
elaborate decorations means a display
of Ingenuity that must be eternally and
forever on the qui vive.
It doesn't seem to make much differ
ence how old the tree idea or how child-
Ith It may eeem. the fact still remains
that staid business men and gentle
faced women delight In it and It Is one
of the very prettiest ways to decorate
the Christmas table.
f (T Vf "\E eimply can't afford If
\ A ) has no place at Christmas
Y y time. It's like the news
paper "can't." There slm-
Ply Isn't any such word. There isn't
any single day of the whole year that
is as exhilarating or as fascinating as
Christmas day, even if It does tax the
merry hostess to the utmost, for unless
she Is in half a dozen places at one
and the same time trouble Is more than
likely to brew at a fast and furious
rate.
But whatever else you do. don't prate
on the "afford" proposition. Unless you
feel that hospitality is a privilege and a
pleasure Instead of a tiresome burden.
It would be a heap better for you to
dispense entirely with any form of en
tertainment and Bit seirnely and quiet
ly In the seclusion of your own home
and in the privacy of your own family.
They at least will understand your
cry that is so out or place at this time
of the year and they may on a pinch
sympathize with you. but they are Just
about the only people on the face of
the prreat green globe that will.
"Bound to be picked up sooner or lat
er," mused Croft, "and I shall keep an
eye on the maid. She seems demure, but
I believe she knows a thing or two."
On the twelfth day of her stay Lady
Sparrow got out her diamonds at mid
afternoon and saw her maid brush
them up a bit. They were then left
lying In their box on the table while the
owner lay down for a nap before din
ner. When she awoke the box was
gone.
"Queer case," said Croft to Sir James
three hours later. "I laid It to the maid
at first, but found that she can prove
a perfect alibi. She wasn't even In the
house at the time the box was taken
nor can I find that any servant was
within fifty feet of Lady Sparrow's
room. No one could have entered by
her windows, and of course the thief
Is Inside the house. We are going to
have trouble to locate him or her, how
ever. I've questioned every servant,
and I can't Bay that I suspect any of
them."
"But you can't suspect any of the
guests!" exclaimed Sir James in con
sternation.
"Not In the slightest It's a mm go.
and I've got my work cut out for me."
Two days later he had still nothing to
report. The servants had been ques
tioned and cross-questioned, and valets
and maids had been given the "third
degree," and at length Croft was satis
fied of the Innocence of all the under
lings.
"Then It was some slick thief who got
In despite your vigilance," reproach
fully observed Sir James.
"I should rather say it was one of
your twenty-two guests," doggedly re
plied the agent.
"But think of It. man."
"Aye, I'm thinking. Sir James.**
"Who among them can you possibly
suspect? Why, sir. It's simply mon
strous. 1 I'd sooner pay for the jewels
twice over than to hint that one of my
guests Is under' suspicion. No. no.
Croft. It's a queer case, and the thief
was too much for you, and I'll pay the
loss and hush up the talk."
"But I want to remain here for a
week or ten days," said the asent. "1
confess to being puzzled now, but my
reputation Is at stake, and I mu3t try
and solve the mystery."
He was told to remain and do h!s
best, and that night as he lay In his
bed he whispered in his own ears:
"It's dollars to cents that the Jewels
were taken by a guest. Now, who
would be the soonest suspected, and
who the last? Let's say that Lady Spar
row stole her own diamonds, she being
a seeker after notoriety. That charge
won't hold, however, as she turned
her whole baggage out for inspection,
and her fainting away when she dis
covered her loss was the genuine thing.
Now, who Is last? Why, little Mrs.
Blank, of course. I'll stake all on her
Innocence, but I'm going to watch her.
Her room is five doors away, and she
gays she was out on the lawn from four
to five on the afternoon of the robbery,
but let us see what can be turned up."
Detective Croft did something in do-
Ing nothing. He wouldn't tell, Sir
James nor anr of the guests his
thoughts", and to have tried to watch
the little woman as she flitted about
would have been ridiculous. He there
fore passed most of his time in the con
servatory wondering where he could
take hold of the case. On his first day
he saw little Mrs. Blank enter the place
twice and wander about and sing to
herself. On the second day she was In
and out three times. On the third day
she slyly took from her pocket a letter
which she read with considerable agi
tation and, woman-like, dropped It on
the floor as she went out. She returned
for It in five minutes, but Croft had
posseMSt-d himself of the contents.
"Well?" briskly demanded Sir James,
as the agent asked for an interview
that evening.
"I think I have found the Jewels,"
was the reply.
"You think: but don't you know?"
"Not exactly. I have saved the
pleasure for you. Let us go Into the
conservatory and lock the door."
"Well?" again queried Sir James In
the list, she was the least known to
Croft, and he was, therefore, prepared
to watch her the closest. He had no
sooner got sight of her. however, than
he whispered to himself:
"I am way off there. She's got the
Innocence of a baby, and it would be
time thrown away to watch her."
Lady Sparrow brought her diamonds
and she brought a new maid, and she
sustained her reputation for careless
ness. Sometimes Sir James coaxed her
Into Jetting him lock up the Jewels for
the night, but they were oftener left
to the care of the maid or to no care at
all.
"With holly dress the festive hall.
Prepare the Bong, the feast, the bell.
To welcome Merry Christmas." . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ; CALL. —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
(Copyrlcht. 1808,' br Ctrl Johnson.) '
IF the ordinary household • is upset
by a theft you can realize how
much worse things may be in an
' English house where f rorri twelve
to twenty guests »re being entertained.
and where -it would be rank insult" to
suspect any^of them.
The only way, out in most cases is, to
lay ' it on the - servants and to send one
or, two of them packing, with £20 notes
In their pocket alongside of a. rather
ambiguous certificate of character. But
that doesn't bring entire satisfaction.
There is the loss of the money or the
jewels, the humiliation of the host and
the! public scandal. ¦
When the -hunting, season was about
HOW TO DRESS THE CHRISTMAS TURKEY
21THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
you are rushed, for time oWt run
away with the Idea that a corset cover
or chemise la the easiest thing on earlh
to fashion.
They ! are so dainty and sheer. Col
ored corset covers are more of , : a fad
than anything else and are only worn
under a thin frock, but the other
pieces are always made of. white linen
or of a soft dimity. - l --„.'-¦
they are improved. .
Then If you want to make them espe
cially attractive, mark the sot with an
initial and either work it in solid or
merely outline it, but either way the
result Is good and the extra time spent
is seldom considered wasted.
Doylies are always pretty and ac
ceptable and the girl who take* pride
in a dainty room never can get enough
to entirely fill her wants. She places
them under a wee vase that contains a
single flower, under a silver tray or a
bit of brass, but always to t*he best
advantage and where they make the
best showing.
So here Is where the home body Is
able to make another inning. Every
time she finds a piece of stray huck
that has been left over from roller
towels she st/alghtway appropriates it
and in an Idle moment puts a circular
border around it and later embroiders
it to suit her fancy. .
The entire piece Is laid on a flat sur
face' and a round ring placed about It
and marked off, so that when the fanoy
stitches are finished all that remains to
be done Is to ravel out the huck and
cut the fringe '. the proper, shape.
Pretty lingerie is always an accepta
ble gift, especially when it is made
every stitch by hand. While the good
old days of hand work have almost en
tirely passed away, It makes the few
pieces the more sought after, but • If
There la hardly any grveix role about
the : number of yards of material, for
they vary according : to the way It Is
made, but when the ribbon Is about an
Inch In width and the Insertion : about
the same, it takes about three yards
of both, and that, mind you, : does not
Include the edging that finishes the
whole.
. An . especially good fashion for a
t? »°P UIaR O* ©ours*, the,
handkerchief must have & plain bori
dor, but there may be all *orta of
monograms and raised work In the
corners and about the border; In fact,
the more^the prettier and the more
elaborate the cover.
When they are cut in two and the In
sertion Is added, it takes but two falr
sised ones, but when the linen is used
by itself and they are made plenty full
It takes three. The shoulder strap*
depend entirely upon the whim of the
maker. A piece of insertion bound with
lace on two sides Is fluffy and pretty,
and it washes well, but ribbon adds a
!dash of color and is Infinitely less work
to put on the first time, and the maker,
as a rule, troubles her head but little
about the numerous times the ribbon
will have to be ripped off and sewed on
again when It goes to the laundry.
For the girl that does a good deal of
needlework there Is the handy apron.
Not the regulation white affair that is
used to protect the gown from threads
and the like, but a useful ttttle thing
that is Intended to look dashing and
yet be useful at the same time.
It is made of any material that Is
soft and : pretty, but those made of a
flowered dimity are more attractive
than a white wash silk one, for the rose
buds of pink permit a belt of pink rlb
, bon and feather stitching : of pink,
Feather stitching in a contrasting
color Is a pretty and quick way to fin
ish them Instead of the plain machine
Etitching and when they are picked up
now and then in the evenings and
worked on for only a few minutes It Is
astonishing how rapidly they make a
showing for themselves and how much
Glass toweling is about as good a ma
terial as it is possible to find, for it
washes time after time and is never
the worse for wear. It need not neces
sarily be plain or have an ugly red bor
der about It, for these days It comes in
blue and white checks or 'in the red
and white, and there is enough variety
in the sizes to suit even the most fas
tidious.
The best and easiest way to do Is to
measure your own shoes and use them
as a guide. Remember that the ma
terial must be doubled to resemble a
bag or else the boots would drop out.
Fold the material over twice and then
count on about a third of the length for
a flap that buttons and holds them se
curely in place. Generally the flap is
about five or six inches long and may
be square or pointed to suit the fancy
of the maker.
That makes a suitable bag, so It
should be stitched down the very cen
ter, dividing It into two equal parts.
Even after each shoe is buttoned In its
own little house, the effect Is not good
and they take up altogether too much
room, so a piece of tape is sewed firmly
on the middle of the ba.g and when It
Is tied the boots are ready to be stowed
away next the best Bilk gown In the
trunk.
it together. Fold it three times and run
two bands of narrow ribbon about the
outside, taking care to see that the enda
are plenty long enough to tie, for then
it may be made into a small, neat pack
et and will not be a troublesome nui
sance.
If you want to finish it up to a T^
stock it with pins of all kinds and sizes
and descriptions. Not until you have
visited some pin counter and thorough
ly investigated the supply will you re
alize the variety and usefulness of them.
There are wee ones that look like so
many small pearls, tiny Uts of coral
mounted on a short brass pin, small
Jet imitations and such a countless va
riety that It would take Just about half
a minute to fill the case and do it well.
Only a woman appreciates and un
derstands the values of pins and when
she can lay her hand on half a dozen
kinds when she is dressing in a hurry
Bhe counts herself thrice blessed. To,
the casual observer the useful article
might seem more of a nuisance than^
anything else, but it is the kind of a
one that is carried about from pillar to
post and is duplicated year after year.-
Another homely convenience is the
Bhoe bag. Not the one that hangs on
the closet door and that serves as a
sort of free grab-bag, but the one that
is used exclusively in trunks and that
saves all the fuss and feather of hunt
ing about the house for a piece of
newspaper to wrap muddy rubbers and
boots In.
One of the most convenient trifles for
the girl who travels is a pin scrap.
Not the plain, ordinary pin cushion
that is a catchall for everything, but
Instead a dainty little affair that may
be tucked away into a corner of the
trunk or pinned on the bureau where
it may be easily gotten at.
And one of the beauties about it is
the trifling cost. There in scarcely a
house that does not contain a scrap
bag and there is scarcely a scrap bag
that does not contain a piece of eider
down twelve inches square. For that is
the main part of it. There is, of course,
an outside ribbon, but as it may be
any color, there generally is not much
difficulty in finding that part of it. Silk
or satin will do quite as well for that
matter, and while it Is prettiest when
made of a baby blue or a rosy pink
it is not half as serviceable and after
a few months will look as though it
had come out of the ark itself.
The making is so simple that any
child could put It together without the
slightest difficulty.
An interlining of cheese cloth and
sprinkled lavishly with sachet powder
Is nice, but it is not necessary and
runs the expense up quite a little. But
either with or without It the making
la quite the same. The silk is turned
In all around the four corners, and so
la the eiderdown, but the finishing
touches are quite different. The outer
cover is firmly caught down with a
feather stitch, that try as hard as you
may, will ehow through a little on the
opposite side. Then to overcome that
part of it, ribbon the color of the elder
down and about a half Inch in width
Is put on in a blind fashion and the
pretty bauble Is nearly completed.
That leaves it perfectly square, or
oblong if you have chanced to make It
that shape, and there is nothing to hold
If you have even the smallest amount
of ingenuity you may make a success
of it, and while the drawing may seem
like a small mountain, it can be traced
on in a moment and readily redrawn
with ink. In almost any shop the fan
may be purchased for half a dollar, for
It Is the plainest of the plain, in fact,
the stlffer and whiter the better for the
work stands out in sharp contrast.
The one expense consists of a cord
and tassel, for it may or may not come
with the fan, but, at most, it costs a
paltry sum and is always well worth
the amount, for it dresses the pretty
trinket up not a little.
HCBT how to make tins best ap
1 pearanoe for the least money Is
\ the all besetting question about
QJ two weeks before the 25th day of
December, and If you have solved the
proposition of making $20 take the
place of $40, you are about one of the
luckiest individuals on the face of the
earth.
It really isn't so awfully difficult after
all If you only possess the mystic com
bination. The article that costs $7 50
in a shop may be fashioned every bit
as well at home for one-third the
sum, and who is to knpifc' or care, for
that matter, the exact money value?
One of the prettiest home gifts is a
fan. Not the wee spangled affair that
is so much used in the evenings, but
a fair sized white one decorated with
pen and ink sketches that may be
placed on the wall instead of a pic
ture.
Slender girl Is to take the laoe and
ribbon and sew them, strip for' strip,
in a long piece and then send It to be
accordion pleated. Then practically
nothing remains to do but belt it with
a bit of beading, both top and bottom,
and sew ribbons on that which are to
serve as shoulder straps. It's the sim
plest sort of a cover, but is one of the
fluffiest that can be imagined. It re
quires no fitting and Is perfectly
straight, excepting a slight hollow
under the arm. so that it will not bulge
and eel uncomfortable, but otherwise
it is "plain sewing.
Then, on the other hand, the ribbon
and lace may be run the other way and
the result is quite as good. Long
¦trips gathered Into a belt with a great
ribbon fluff-fluff add the finishing
touches, but either way the nand work
Is about the same, and you will find
that It will take a great deal longer
to whip the two together than you
dreamed of.
Handkerchiefs have been converted
Into pretty covers too, and as they are
a great deal more serviceable deserve
Be careful In piecing lace at any time.
At best it is a ticklish task, and noth
ing -ruins the appearance of a dainty
bit of handiwork so much as an un
sightly raw seam or a queer-looking
bunch. Never sew lace straight across.
In the first place the pattern was not
made that way, and if you will take the
trouble to go into any reliable shop and
ask them to show you some real lace
you will find that they never cut in.
rather rip it. and^n following the pat
tern the end will look as though It had
been cut on the bias.
Don't try to double It over, but In
stead cut it rather closely and set to
work to catch every place and strive
to make It look as much like the orig
inal pattern as possible. If every tiny
hole has been firmly caught it will
hold from now until the crack of
doom, and after a bit of practicing; It
¦will take an expert to detect the join
ing.
There really Isn't much sense sitting
about and crying aloud that the holi
days always takes every cent you can
rake and scrape together, for if you
only take the trouble to think and take
pointers from those about you^ you
will soon come to the edjfylng conclu
sion that Christmas isn't such an aw
ful bugbear as you fondly fancied It to
be, and after the all eventful day ha*
passed you may still find a stray dim*
with which to blesa yourself.
It is but a trifle, that costs exactly
¦what you want it to. for the actual ex
pense depends entirely upon the qual
ity of the material used. There are
eome delicate ginghams that may be
bought anywhere from 20 to 63 or 7«
cents a yard, but they are not as flimsy
looking and consequently , never look
quite as much a dress-up affair as the
organdy or the lawn ones.
A pretty way of telling your frleadf
what the apron is intended for l» to
put a few spools of thread in on*
pocket, a wee pair of scissors in an
other and line the third with odds and
ends of silks, needles and a thimble.
That finishes it off to a nicety and
makes of it a much more elaborate gift,
yet at the same time it costs consider*
ably more, which generally has a great
deal to do with it about tho holiday
season.
One of the best ways to get around
the money problem is to put away any
small amount, no matter how trifling
it may be — say only 25 cents a week—
but put it away systematically, even IX
you have to walk home several nights
or deny yourself ice cream, and It Is
surprising how quickly it will grow and
help out at such a time.
Remnant hunting isn4 a half -bad
scheme either, especially in summer
fabrics, for the larger stores are all la
tent on clearing them out in order to
make room for the spring styles, and
there are abundant opportunities of
picking up two or three yards of lawn
for a mere song, and when aprons are
to be made every little thing count*
not a little.
And It is the lama at the ribbon
counter. There are hosts of chances
to pick up a yard or so left over, and
the first thing you know the gift Is
ready to tie up in tissue paper, and the
total cost has been but a few pennies.
Neckwear is always appropriate and
nice, and while it comes under the head
of wearing apparel that ha* always
been more or less religiously tabooed,
it Is one of the few articles that on*
never seems to have quite enough of.
and never the right one at the right
time. *
The latest In the simple ones are
made of gentlemen's handkerchief* and
they are not only pretty but are very
serviceable as well, which counts for a
great deal these days. Buy a 'kerchief
that has a border of some color, for In
stance a bright red or a pink, and by
a little maneuvering you will find that
the middle part can be cut out and that
there are exactly four small seams to
be sewed up and tha tie is complete.
It takes at the longest probably three
quarters of an hour to make, and a*
the material costs about 23 cent* or 18
cents you can easily make a set of
three and call it square.
Handkerchiefs themselves are a use
ful offering. Not the ones that come a
solid dozen a box. but the ones that
are so trying on the eyes and that show
every time they are taken out that
they are something out of the ordinary.
The linen may be had at any shop for
75 cents, but 13 much better an8 plenty
good enough at a dollar a yard. It
comes In different widths, and yon
should be careful to get the widest, a*
It will make three, and there will not
be a piece wasted on the side. Draw
a thread to cut by. otherwise you may
not get It absolutely correct, and later
In hemstitching the linen would bo
puckered..-.-' .
Twelve mches square ts the rerola
tion size, and, while they are rather
•mall they are large enough and aro
much daintier than those that measure
full fourteen inches. The hem depends
upon your own whim, but it usually
looks better if It Is about a half Inch
wide and never should be more than
three-quarters. The corners are trying
affairs, but the neatness of the hand
kerchief depends upon it.
About the best way Is to cut them
out a little and then turn the edges to
and take Just the smallest possible
stitches in rounding the corners, and
In that way many washings will not
affect them In the least.
One yard and a quarter Is plenty, tar
If they extend below the knee* the
chic look that half makes them Is quits
rone. One width straight goods Is cut,
and then about a third of the length Is
sewed on, not doubled up. for that
would bring the right and wrong side
of the goods In sharp contrast.
Really that is all there is to tt. In
about two minutes the sides may be
basted up ready to be feather-stitched
at some future time, and the distance*
measured off in the bag that has been
formed, so that there will be various
compartments. The strings are much
prettier if they are of ribbon, and to
carry out the entire Idea should be
feather-stitched with the same color aa
the ribbon.
while the white seem* to look far bat
ter by Itself.
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS MADE FROM ODDS AND ENDS
22of the persons .whom the windows
commemorated. Howard - triumphantly
queried why, then, should the legend,
"Sacred to; the memory of Walter, be
loved husband of Mary Bird r Ferris, ''
appear .' under 'a ' tall ' woman in dark
green glass » with a moat ¦ feminine
amount ¦ of hair and : a long > red sash?
Edgar was staggered, but suddenly re
called his father's glowing account of
a costume ball given by the Knights of
Pythias, In which many of the knights
appeared in women's; clothes,, one in
particular, /the proprietor,' of a fish
market, having rented a long and flow
ing wig the better to deceive his fellow
knights i: and-, their, -delighted' guests.
This had Impressed Edgar as intensely
humorous ; he greatly enjoyed pictur
ing the scene to his Imagination, and
he strengthened his wavering infalli
bility by, declaring that . .the ; ¦, beloved
husband of Mary ¦ Bird : Ferris wa3 be
yond doubt a " Pythian in • costume.
This had silenced" Howard for a week,
but one afternoon at evensong, just be
fore the . electric bell sounded in the
robing room ¦ to . summon them to the
hall, he had rapidly inquired in a hiss
ing whisper "Who that white puppy
carryin' the flag In the round /window
on the side, where the bird was, was a
picture of?"
': ' The ; bird was the lectern ¦ eagle, and
neither of ¦ the antagonists had ever
seen a lamb. • Edgar had recognized the
fact that It .was a poorly drawn puppy,"
and I he . did not believe that It could
possibly have balanced on one crooked
up knee and at that perilous angle any
such-banner as the artist had given it.
It' was also crushlngly apparent to him
that no Knight of Pythias, with all the
assistance in the , world, could trans
form himself into such a woolly, curly,
four-legged object as that. ;
.Then _why. should the. brass plate be
neath ] It. declare that this rose window
was placed in "loving memory of Alice
Helen - Worden, who departed : this ' life
Y OTJ all know how they look In tha
/ I pictures; they have appealing
violet eyes and drooping mouths
and oval faces. They tip their
heads back and to tha Bide and
there is usually a broad beam of light
falling across their little official
nighties.
But Edgar was not that kind. So
greatly did he differ, in fact, that even
tha choirmaster was deceived and dis
covered him with difficulty. When the
gentleman confronted them In the par
ish house a mob of suspicious littlo
boys, Bhoving, growling, snickering and
otherwise fulfilling their natures, he
promptly selected Tim Mulialy, who
possessed to an amazing degree the
violet eyes and the drooping mouth and
the oval Iface, as his first soprano.
But Tim refused to sing the scale
alone, and as the others scorned ac
companying him in this exercise Mr.
Fellows, determinedly patient, suggest
ed in the hilarious "come-on-boys!"
fashion consecrated to childhood by
adults that they should all Join in some
popular melody to limber them up and
dispel their uneasiness.
"What shall we sing?" he called out
breezily from the piano stool, faintly
indicating a "ragtime" rhythm with his
left hand.
" 'Hot time!' " burst from one of the
youngsters.
"All right!" and the Inviting melody
drew them In; soon they were shouting
lustily. Raucous altos, nasal sopranos,
fatal attempts to compass a bass — at
any rate, they were started. The verse
was over, the chorus had begun, when
a sudden sound sent the choirmaster's
heart to his throat, his hands left the
keys. Into the medley of coarse boyish
shouting dropped a silvery thread of
purest song, a very bird note. For a
moment it flowed on the level of the
chorus, then suddenly, with an Inde
scribable leap, a slurring rush. It rose
to an octave above and led them alL
The choirmaster twirled around on the
stool.
"Who's that? Which boy Is singing
up there?" he demanded excitedly.
There was no reply. They grinned con
sciously at each other; one could im
agine them all guilty.
"Come, come, boys! Don't be silly—
who was it?"
Silence of the most sepulchral sort.
Mr. Fellows shrugged his shoulders,
swung round again and started the sec
ond verse. They dashed through it
noisily; he picked out here and there
a eweet little treble, one real alto. But
his ears were pricked for something
better, and presently it came. The
rhythm was too enticing:
Please, oh, please, oh, don't you let me fall—
"By George, he's a human blackbird!"
Tou're til mine, an' I love you bert of all—
"That's high C!"
An* you tnus' be my man, 'r I'll havt no man
at all—
The choirmaster burst Into a Joyous
if somewhat reedy tenor.
There'll be a hot time In the old town to-night!
He whirled about, still singing, and
caught the ecstatic, dreamy gaze of
Tim Mulialy.
"It's you!" he cried, pouncing on
• him. Tim giggled feebly.
•"Yes, sir," he said.
"Now sing this scale and I'll give you
five cents."
An envious sigh quavered through the
parish halL
Tim threw back his head and opened
his drooping mouth.
"Do. re — "
There was a flash of blue gingham,
a snarl of rage, a sound as of fifty
pounds of small boy suddenly seated
on the floor.
"Where's yer fi' cents?" a new voice
inquired easily.
The choirmaster perceived with
amazement that the owner of the
voice, a freckled boy with an exceed
ingly retrousse nose, was sitting on
the prostrate Tim.
"What's the meaning of this? Get
up!" he said sternly. your
name? I can't have any of this sort
of thing In my choir!"
The freckled boy did not rise. In
fact, he seated "himself more comfort
ably on Master Mulialy and demand
ed c^jxin:
"Where's yer ft' cents?"
The choirmaster stepped forward
and seized the offender's collar. As
his fingers tightened the captive burst
into the chorus of the moment before
it was the blackbird's voice! So ob
stinate was the choirmaster's first im
pression that he looked instinctively
at the fallen Tim to catch the notes,
but Tim was struggling meekly but
firmly for breath, and this free trill
ing came from above him. The choir
master relaxed his hold.
"It was you all the time!" he said In
a stupor of surprise.
"I dunno. . I guess so. I didn't ask
him that. I Just says to him, "Aw, say,
Mr. Fellows, arn't us boys goin' camp-
In* ?' An" ha says, 'I guess not this y«ar,
Tim, mos' prob'ly. Maybe a plcnle"— —
"Well, I bet 'he don't bounce ma! I
betcher that; I betcher now!"
Edgar strutted before them. Thay re
garded him with interest
"Whatcher yer coin' to do?" thay
asked respectfully.
"What'll I do? I'll— I'll bounca my
self!" he called over his shoulder a« ha
strode home.
His moody, air during supper con
vinced Mr. Ogden that something was
up. Ever since he had discovered Ed
gar's demand for an additional 10 cents
a Sunday, on the ground that his moth
er thought him worth more, and his
later daring strike for 5 cents more sal
ary, which the choirmaster Innocently
considered abundantly Justified and
paid out of his own pocket, Mr. Ogden.
who, having heard rumors of wild dis
sipations in the peanut and root bear
line, had pounced upon his son return
ing plethoric from pay day and annexed
the extra 15 cents, was convinced of the
necessity of surveillance .for this wily
wage earner and formed the habit of
escorting him regularly on pay nights,
"alone at first, later escorted by Mrs.
Ogden, who accompanied the family
group as a .self -constituted and final
auditor.
It frequently has been remarked that
a great grief may bind together onca
disunited members of a family; It is
extremely improbable that any affliction
whatever could have produced amons
the Ogdens such a gratifying esprit da
corps as resulted from their unfeigned
interest In pay day. But when Mr. Og
den had shadowed his son to no mora
secluded and .dangerous spot than tha
churchyard and saw him in earnest
conclave 1 with his attentive mates, ha
went, relieved, about his business, re
assured by the words "campln* out"
and "Sunday afternoon" that he caught
from behind a convenient tombstone.
He was utterly unconscious that tha
scene he had left was far more men
acing to. his household than even tha
most disfiguring fight of his warllka
son's varied repertoire. But bo it was.
Haranguing, promising, taunting,
threatening, Edgar led them, finally
subdued. Into one of tha most satisfac
tory rehearsals of the year.
They waited till ID: 4 5 o'clock '•a
Sunday, and finally the men marched
in alone, somewhat conscious and -ill
at- ease, followed by a red-faced, de
termined rector and a puzzled vial ting
clergyman. They san* "O Happy
Band of Pilgrims," but It was re
marked by. the wondering congrega
tion that they did not- look happy
'themselves. There was no music but
the hymns, which, as they had been
altered to well-known numbers, war*
chanted lustily by tha inhabitants of
the pews, thus winning the sincere ad
miration of tho visiting clergyman.'
"Really, such well-trained congre
gational singing Is quite rare," ha re
marked afterward to the rector, and
was somewhat surprised at tho short
answer: "It shall certainly never oc
cur agaln."t
It had gone hard with, tha vested
choir but for Mrs. Ogden. Mr. Fal
lows pleaded in vain; in vain the-
Ladles' Auxiliary passed resolutions;
the rector was firm. It was only wh«n
Mrs. Ogden swept in upon him in his
study, a chastened, still apprehensive
boy under ona arm, followed by half
a dozen* women similarly equipped,
and made a speech that will adorn
the* parish annals for many a year,
that he yielded, respectfully con- ,
vlnced.
Edgar had met his Waterloo, and
lived, so to speak, under a consequent
military surveillance, with much of
his. prestige gone-, his pay docks d for
a month, and tha certainty of - ap
proaching warm weather, when It
would be impossible to take cold, and
nothing but a summons to the choir
invisjbla could excuse him from re
hearsals hare, to render* the future all
too clear to him. In the words of the *
processional:
His tonrne could never tire
. Of ilnjlns with the choir.
To-day, if you should attend eren
song at St. .Mark's, you will beyond
a doubt ba delighted with a silver
voice that appears to proceed from a
violet-eyed boy with a sweet expres
sion.
"It is a good thine: to giva thanks
unto the Lord!" the voice declares
melodiously, but it is : doubtful if ita
owner Is in' a thankful frame of mind.
He would .in all probability prefer to
be with his brother Samuel, who is at
present touring the West triumphant
ly with a Methodist revivalist, ren
dering "Where is My Wandering Boy
To-Night" to weeping congratulations,
for $10 a week and hl3 traveling ex-»
renses. And even this success leaves
Squealer dissatisfied; he would far
rather be In his father's position —
1 first tenor in the Denman Thompson
"Old Homestead"; quartet— and sing
"The Palms" behind the scenes when
the stereoptlcon vision of the repent
ant prodigal thrills tha audience. .
It would seem that your artistic
temperament is doomed to discontent.
Whereas Mrs. Ogden, who cannot
carry a tune, is perfectly satisfied with
fine ' laundry work.
Had they heard that they wera to be
bounced? Did they believe that the two
weeks' camping out, the object of all
their endurance and loyalty, the prize
of their high calling M .was to be dis
continued? Tim was deputed to in
quire on Saturday afternoon. He re
turned disconsolate; they shoved each
other significantly.
"What'd he say? What'd ha say?"
"He says mos' prob'ly not. Says it
costs too I much. Says maybe a pic
nic"——
"Aw! old chump! Goin' to bounce ua,
too?" •
Mr. Ogden, as we know, was on busl-
Pness of his own — business that kept him
glaring fixedly in the rector's direction,
/which encouraged that good man still
further. It Is to be doubted if the bro
therhood would have appealed to him,
however. Not that he would have been
hindered by any narrow sectarian ten
dencies. Mrs. Ogden, who did up the
shirt waists of the Presbyterian min
ister's daughter, was by her presented
regularly with a missionary bank in
- the form of a papier mache cottage,
with a chimney Imitating red- brick;
and Edgar, employing a Napoleonic
strategy, triumphantly attended the
Methodist Christmas festivals and the
Baptist Sunday school picnics, the lat
ter society, offering a merry-go-round
on a larger scale; the former providing
• the infant faithful with more practi
. cable presents and larger candy bags.
Mr. Ogden felt, with a certain Justice,
that his church connections did him
credit on the whole, and excused him
self from any undue energy in that di
rection.
He watched his son keenly, but Ed
gar's ecclesiastical demeanor was with
out a flaw. Mottover. his plans were
gradually maturing. He sans amen at
proper Intervals and managed to get
between the organist and the tenor,
who depended on Mr. Fellows to mark
the /time for him with his left hand,
and in consequence of being unable to
see him. bungled his offertory eolo; but
his thoughts were otherwhere. He had
decided to slip out of the south transept
door, thus eluding parental pursuit, and
fight Howard Potter in his own back
yard before he slept. He would prac
tice upon his victim a recent scientific
acquisition proudly styled by him "the
uppercut," which he had teamed from
an acquaintance at the cost of 10 cents
. and three sugar cookies.
At this point the anthem prelude
drew him to his feet. He had saved his
voice, according to directions, for his
solo, and in the waiting hush every
word flowed, soft and pure, -to the end
of the church.
"Mercy and truth, mercy and truth,
mercy —
Ah, that exquisite soft swoop down
ward! The organ rippled on contented
ly a continuation of Edgar's flutelika
tones— "and truth are me-et together!"
There was all the richness of a
woman's voice, all the passionless
clearness of a boy's and all the morn
*lng innocence of a child's.
It occurred to him suddenly that the
north transept would be safer— it was
on the side furtherst from home.
"Righteousness and peace, righteous
ness and peace have kissed each other!"
He wondered If Howard had learned
the uppercut since their encounter.
Tim's face was as the face of an
angel; a long slanting ray from the
rose-window fell across his curls.
"Have kissed each other," Edgar
•Ighed softly. "Have kissed each other"
—the caressing tones melted Into the
organ's, whispered once more, "each
other," and died lingerlngly. A long
breath, an audible "Ah-h-h!" drifted
through the church. The choirmaster
kicked his feet together under the
organ for Joy. He little knew that at
that very moment the future , of his
vested choir was swlngln^jghtly in
the balance. ;
Butfsucb was the fact. Fat*, which
links together events seemingly iso
lated, smoothed Edgar's way. to his
flight, but allowed him to be beaten.
If this, had not happened, hla wrath
would not have vented itself In hector
ing a bad-tempered bass at the
Wednesday rehearsal, by scampering
In front of him t and mimicking with
wonderful accuracy his gruff, staccato
voice.
"He taketh up the Isles— as a ver-ry—
little thing!" mocked Edgar.
"Shut up!" growled the bass.
"A ver-ry Ilt-tle thing!" Edgar con
tinued, malignantly, slipping, across his
victim's path.
• "Oh, all right, .young feller." called
5 the bass, enraged at the grins and ap
• plause of the other men, "all right!
" Just you wait till Sunday, that's all!"
r If Edgar had -not teased him so he
r would not have added: "I know what'll
1 happen,, then, if. you don't."
"What?"/ Edgar inquired derisively,
t catching up with him.
r "You're going to be bounced, that's
j what," said the bass. Irritably.
," "Aw, come off! I ain't, either!"
I ./rWell,' you ought to be, the whole
• pack . of you," the bass continued, de
' cidediy, "bag and baggage! And good
. riddance, too. No choirboy camping
i but this summer!" . .
t Edgar dropped behind and mused.
• "Who told yer?" he called.
,- :'7 "Aflk Fellows— and if he don't lick
you, I will!" retorted the bass, making
¦ a quick grab, which Edgar easily
r evaded.
s He summoned his mates immediate
s ly; the question was laid before them.
Tone nineteenth, eighteen hundred ana
ninety?" That was no name for a
/ puppy, to begin with. The whole affair
Irritated Edgar exceedingly. He saw
no explanation whatever. He perceived
.that he should have to fight the first
. alto. This was not only a great respon
sibility in Itself, but the necessity of
evading the parental eye added to tho
. nervous strain and the consciousness
that on this particular Sunday after
noonjlr. Ogden occupied one of the rear
pews, with the idea of seeing how he
behaved during service and ,subse
quently accompanying him home, eo
weighed upon the spirits of tha * first
soprano that William Walters accom
plished the choir steps in the recession
al without a stumble.
The rector noticed with pleasure the
seedy-looking man in the back of the
church; he was Just then 'smarting a
little under the accusation of "aristo
cratic tendencies;" a body of conser
vatives had never approved of the boy
choir. He hoped to get the man into
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew If he
were allied to no other organization.
On Sunday afternoon Edgar marched
Into the church, impassive ,' and unin
teresting to the outward vision, with
"Yep," replied the singer, "it was
me. Did yer think it was him?"
•with a slight Jounce to indicate his vic
tim.
"Get up, won't you, and sfflg me
•omething else." the choirmaster
urged. The boy rose promptly.
"What'll I sing?" he returned amic
ably. There had been a different tone
in the choirmaster's voice.
"Happy Home! Happy Home!" the
crowd demanded.
The choirmaster looked relieved. He
had no narrow prejudices, but he real
ized that a hymn like "My Happy
•Home" comes with good effect from
the parish hall windows.
"Where's your mouth organ?" de
manded the freckled one of a larger
boy in the crowd. The latter prompt
ly produced the instrument in ques
tion, cuddled it in both hands a mo
ment after the fashion of the virtuoso
and drew forth the Jerky and complex
scries of strains peculiar to it. It was
evidently a prelude — a tune vaguely
familiar to the choirmaster. Sudden
ly the boy's voice burst into this som
ber background:
I'd leave my yappy yome lor you, Oo-oo-oo-oo!
The choirmaster sighed ecstatically.
A voice so tender, so soft, so rich in
appealing inflections he had never
heard. The repeated vowels cooed;
they caressed; they allured.
You're tfc» r. Ices' man n' I ever kr.oo, Oo-oo
co-oo!
""What's your name?" asked the
choirmaster, respectfully.
It appeared at first to be Egg Nogg,
but resolved into Edgar Ogden under
careful cross-examination, and ita
owner agreed to attend three weekly
rehearsals and two Sunday services
for the princely salary of 25 cents a
¦week, the same to be increased in
proportion to his progress.
Subsequent efforts proved that it was
utterly hopeless to attempt to teach
him to read music. "When Tim Mulialy
and the stupidest alto in the United
States — as the choirmaster assured him
— could stumble through what was con
siderately known as a duet at sight,
and that was the work of many
months. Edgar was still learning his
solos by ear. Once learned, however,
he never forgot them, and Mr. Fellows,
thrilled with pride as the silver stream
of his voice flowed higher, higher,
above the organ, beyond the choir at
his side, till the people in the church
sighed and craned their necks to look
at the wonderful boy.
As a matter of fact they looked, most
of them, at Tim Mulialy. As his ap
pealing expression and violet eyes were
undetachable he had all the effects of
the soloist and received most of the
credit from that vast majority. :. .
This mere apprehension was merci
fully unsuspected by Edgar, otherwise
it is to be feared that the services of
a physician would have been required
in the Mulialy household. Not that
Edgar had any professional pride in
his voice. He possessed, according to
his own ideas, many more valuable and
decorative qualities'. His power of song
was entirely hereditary and came to
him from his father.
Mrs. Ogden was not musical herself
and devoted most of her energies to fine
laundry work, a less emotional but
more lucrative occupation. Edgar's
professional duties interested, her
chiefly by reason of the Weekly salary,
now grown to 50 cents, of which one
tenth was ellowed him for his private
purpose, the remainder being applied to
the very obvious necessities of the
household. His consequent position as
wage-earner was firmly established,
and his mother, though she cherished
a natural contempt for the mental cal
iber of any young man who considered
Edgar's voice worth 50 cents a week,
Eaw to it that so remunerative an or
gan received all the consideration it de
served.
To Mr. Ogden's undisguised . horor,
two new suits of under flannels were
purchased at the beginning of the win
ter, and shiny storm rubbers were
urged upon the artist's reluctant feet»
on every slushy day. The most uncon
vincing cou?h was rewarded with black
licorice purchased from the general
household fund, and when Edgar had
the measles "the Prince of Wales," to
use Mr. Ogden's irritated phrase,
"might have been glad to taste the
mutton broth and cocoa that fattened
that impident kid."
Xor was her system limited to this
soft indulgence, as the occasion of one
of the choirmaster's visit proved. Fear
ful lest the purpose of his call should
become evident too abruptly, he began
by one of hl3 customary eulogies of his
first soprano's voice. She received hia
enthusiasm coldly, indicated forcibly
her own lack of musical ability, and
boasted, with a pride inexplicable to
one who has not been accustomed to
consider this gift synonymous with
penitentiary qualifications, that she
could not c.irrv a tune. On his men
tioning somewhat diffidently that Ed
gar's fines for tardiness, absence, etc., j
must in the nature of things make ap
preciable Inroads upon his salary the
interview assumed a different aspect.
Wiping her hands on her apron, Mrs.
Ogden assured the choirmaster that if
Edgar wasn't earning his wages she'd
attend to that part of it all right. So
intent was her expression that he felt,
obliged to put in a plea for gentle
ness, on the ground that such a deli
cate mechanism as the human throat
could not be too carefully treated.
Mrs. Ogden assured him that she was
not in the habit of applying her dis
ciplinary measures to the throat, and
the audience was at an end. Tho day
happened to.be Saturday, and at the
evening rehearsal It seemed to the
choirmaster that things had never gone
so smoothly.' After all, he thought^ It
needed a mother to reason with . the
boys — he had made several calls of
the same nature that week— a mother
knew best how to Influence them. And
he was abundantly justified in his
conclusions. \ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO < SUNDAY 'CALU.
Tim beside him, rapt and effective.
Once through with tho Psalter, which
he loathed because ho was not always
certain of, his pointing and could ; not
endure Tim's look of horror' at his oc
casional slips, Edgar, having hunched
his shoulders at. Just the angle to pre
vent the tenor behind him from look
ing across into the transept, devoted
himself to a study of* the rose window
over the transept. -
The decoration of this window was
a standing subject of quarrel between
him and his first alto, Howard Potter.
Edgar had advanced the somewhat
untenable proposition that the various
figures in the stained glass windows
represented the successive rectors and
choirmasters of St. Mark's. Howard
had objected that the dedications un
der the windows referred to persons
?who never held office of any kind in
the church.
Edgar had then fallen back on the
theory that the figures .were portraits
EDGAR CHOIR BOY
UNCELESTIAL& THE :SAN- FRANCISCO : SUNDXY^CAtt-iCHRISmAS NUMBER,
BEAD WORK THE
LATEST FAD
gEAD wot* is now quite th* rage,
i One firm in New York alone sold
.;.l*st year on an average of thou
sands of dollars worth of beads
• -a* week. Think of it! Tons of
beads for the purpose of decorating the
fair necks and shoulders of America's
fairest population and for girdling their
supple and beautiful forms.
In the childhood of many a woman
who Is now In her fifties and sixties
beadwork was almost as popular as It
Is to-day. All the girls were taught the
art, and they threaded beads until their
eyesight suffered, and a large crop of
ocular troubles was developed for the
•ye specialists of . forty yeara later to
attend to. But noU- women as vellV*
girls have the crare. and have It bad,
and out of a hundred of those you meet
on the streets of New York, Boston,
Chicago, etc., fully one-half to two
thirds use beads of some kind upon
their persons for decorative purposes.
Yet, strange* though it may* appear,
the primitive bead worker was the In
dian woman. There is no white woman
to-day who can equal in beauty, va
riety and striking character of her de
signs Ihose of the EIoux, Wlnnebago and
other Indian women. They use beads
for decorating every possible article of
dress, as well as for articles of utility.
Cradles, moccasins, jackets, hat bands,
necklaces, girdles, anklets, wristletB,
dolls for babies, carrying bags for la
dies and tobacco pouches for the men.
The Sioux have always been great
bead workerF. but In the West the Mo
haves and Wallajiais are both expert
tribes. At The Needles, on the main
line of the Santa Fe, the Mohave wom
en meet the trains -with their hands full
of lon# strings of beads. They make a
specialty of necklaces, belts, collars and
watchfobs. It is interesting to watch
one who knows them trying to buy.
Picking out a long string the would-be
purchaser asks. "Peso cav-al-wee?"
(How many dollars?) The reply comes,
"Peso sit" (one dollar), or "Peso mee
hi-weeka" (one dollar and twenty-five
cents), or "Peso me-champ-pop" (one
dollar and fifty cents), or *'Pe3O mee
hl-weeka mee-champ-pop" (one dollar
and seventy-five cents). If the chafge is
too large the buyer expresses his disap
probation with a stern "Han-a-to-op
o-gi," which signifies "bad." If he is
satisfied he exclaims, "Han-nl-gle"
(good)) and the trade is made.
Figure 1 shows a Mohave 'woman at
the -reservation on the Colorado River,
Parker, Ariz., holding a loom made by
Professor Rapson of the United States
Indian School. Indians Mtemselres,
however, often strike the » pegs upon
which they do their work Into the
ground or upon a rude piece of wood.
Yet upon these rude looms .they pro
duce marvelous work, as will be seen
from later pictures, which represent a
variety of articles. There are belts,
collarettes, watch fobs, garters and a
battle ax, etc.
Figure 2 shows a Mohave Indian
making a collarette for her own use.
Here she has invented a loom to suit
her own purposes. She has made a
large oils, with a neck about as large
as her own, and upon that proceeded
to do her work, thus showing a keen
adaption of the limited materials to
the result she desired.
The Mohaves and Wallapals both
make 'a large number of plaited neck
laces, using two, four and six strands.
Figure 3 shows a flat braided necklace
and a watch fob, which I purchased
recently from a Mohave.
Figures 4. 5 and 6 are Mohave work.
The braid or plait is used In a variety
of ways to produce different but pleas
ing effects. Some are flat, others
round, others square.; In the upper
specimen of figure A the belt part is
woven In the usual manner on ths
loom, the two ends for tying being
braided from long strips of beads. Thus'
a novel and pleasing effect Is produced.
But it is in the belts and garters that
one gains an idea of their versatility in
making designs. Figure 7 shows some
of these . belts. Of course, an Infinity
of diversity can be gained simply by
choice »of different colors. Each, works
according to her own preference, but
some of them show -an appreciation of
harmony in colors that one would not
GOVERNOR BY PROXY
Half-Hour Storiette
Mm i i N the station platform
/M^t'fl Junction stood two
yjp> Va impatient men. TIjo
I ' round-faced man
~' • f wai . Colonel
Layson; the thin,
sallow ' .one was Henry, Clay^!inley.: : It
wks campaign time,' and the twain were
"swingmg' around v thei:ircle," Colonel
Layson as the candidate" of the "Outs"
for j^#rnor and Finley as the spell
binder paid to extol the merits of his
party's standard bearer. \ ', '.;j ._
The afternoon train that was to stop
at Xerxes Junction and take t pas
sengers for Ardenia was. late, and 'the
rough old colonel began to swear^ as
he studied his watch. *J ¦
"It'll be here In a minute. Governor,"
said Finley soothingly, carefully ob
serving the custom of addressing c£n
didates by the title to which they as
pire., „. s\ - j.j •
i X lr scrawny, 1 , bent-over old woman,
carrying anVapronful of wood, came
out pi the/c^ump of trees across the^
rtllroad^tijack; and limped alo^g^ unUX
she'Veache^the platformy^here she g
stopped jand looked up into the colonel's
face with -vacant-eyed curiosity. /Finiey.
was shocked. .* x "¦•,.'' "v' r "*'. ' ' r *-.' &
i"Such 'fbeasUy? \rji!nners!"' ; hV; 'ex^^
claimed: "Bllaill braef'her to be off,'
G^e^or^..?; ,,£!*.>• j\. r
Before' the Colonel could. answer>the cj
old woman ' clambered-updn.^ the ' jpfa't--; '
form and limped .eage^lyjtp 1 his , side. rM
"Be you the Guvner? M^she'askedi\ ..
' The Colonel smiled 'aj big, hearted/
smile and answered: "That's what they-
call me." '' " '"¦ ''
% "Won't you pardon my boy?.. He's
servin' five years in Osborn prison! The
old man's been sick abed for months
and I ain't able to' work, ' s and.) -.we're jj
nearly star.vin.',^yPa"rd6n'rthe"')>oy/ won't i
you, Guvjper?^Yi-an|ed to^gd'dbw^.tW
the capital -. a Vea^ ago' w^n^inqy took:,
D'annie away^byf'l had, no • money and -
I couldn't^walk^that'.far/' ' ' ' , -
The C6lonel raised his finger- and
seemed about' t<T explain," but the wo
man talked on piteously:
/'T^ey say^he stole, a cow for Hai
der; the cattle king that lives down at
Belden. Maybe you know him. I don't '
believe Dannie did any stealln', but if
he did, Guvner,' it wouldn't be 'right"
rushln* him off to prison , and
old Haider free and still hlrin*' honest '
folks' boys to steal cattlet'for him."
¦"It doesn't seem right for a ' fact," "
admitted the colonel. .:
' "But, *my good woman," 'interrupted »
Flnley,' "there was certainly no .evi
dence against Mr. Haider? or surely, the
majesty, of thelaw.-Vouad. have - been )*
sustaitaed and he, too,, would have suf
fered the punishment the % transgres-
Bor."j. .',. „¦¦; ' ,.",>..¦>.:. "-/ -
¦"^"1 don't catch, all* your fine words^'.
mister, ,but 1" know Dan's in ,prison J knd* '
Ilaldiiris guilty. *• Fine, words' can^t^get/
' round, them "facts." \f- ?' Jri 1^ ' *'
%$ "Well '; P.ut," chuckled v the colonel. .
"Flnley, It vwould be a;«ood. scheme if >
you'd talk once i%a .while." '*:'
* jThe' 1 woman -look .puzzred'.arfmoment, ¦
but the. colonel's face^was' kindly^ and,'
sthrowlhg down her bundle of woodjBhe...
. dropped on ; her knees . before Jhlm. .'¦ *..
* ;; "Please pardon my .bpy, Guvner. The V
old man and me'll die before spring If .
you don't. It won't hurt you to pardon
him. ..: Ha ain't no . dangerous crim'nal.
Anybody/round: hcrefll tell you Dannie
Hi£g3 : was r ever' before the Judge till
this time; • He's all the child I got left,
Guvner. "Don't keep him from me.'"
The colonel helped Mrs. Hlggins to
her"feet/-and.led her.to a bench" Just
outside-* the door of tha little. telegraph
office. the while he was ¦ thinking
deeply. X He was the candidate >of* the
"Outs" for Governor; the "Ins" had a
natural majority of *50,000* votes; <5ov- :
ernor John Randall, with a good official
record to'ba'ck'tiimV'was up for re-elec
tion,-and Colonel Joe Layson '¦* had ¦ as «
much chance^qf becoming GoyeVnor as
he ..nad^ of gajning thVthrdne of JTUrkey/,
Hejhayd, resolved the situation , in >¦'..• his
mind,"; and ¦ as^he found . his J inspiration ' ;
Mrs. Higgs started "'to. \ rise, butt he
waved her : back, i saying: . "Just ".wait
there,' madam" u n 1 11 I ¦ send a message
and r get an;answer. "¦¦ I'm' going to inves
tigate" t'his*matter ; at once.". f'Vf- '<:?
; Fffidleyi whistled," but the Colonel only .
frowned . and "stalked Into the telegraph
office. , .'For. perhaps 'two minutes ' he :
wrote Vteadlly. When he had finished
•arpec* from Cbe Fagged asd vsksmyt
appearance of the weavers. ! ¦*— *
In more elaborate articles of dress
perhaps no bead workers, in the world
can equal the Sioux- In figure 8 are a
pair of moccasins and legglns ¦ most
beautifully and tastefully adorned with
beads. To harmonize a design with the
peculiar shape of the foot, for instance,
is not always easy, yet ths.Bloux weav
er never makes any error in this direc
tion.
Of the meaning of these designs much
could be written — too much for the lim
ited spaoe at. my disposal.
The four bags pictured in Fig. t maka
fancy work bags, or even tobacco
pouches, and I know of one man whoee
purse Is one of these beautifully beaded
Bloux bags. The Indians use them for
carrying the "hoddentin** or sacred
meal, which they sprinkle constantly
whenever they wish to give a religious
significance to any act that they are
about to ocrform.
By far the most convenient loom yet
Invented Is the Apache loom, patented
by the Benham Indian Trading Com
pany of New York. (Bee Fig. 10.) It
consists of a flat board, on which are
two raised bridges, over which the
threads are connected at one end with
the retaining pegs, and at the other
with a revolving drum, upon which the
¦work can be rolled as fast "as a portion
of it Is completed. On this loom thou
sands of American women to-day are
enjoying the delisht of making articles
for their own personal adornment and
that of their friends.
A little side light upon the historic
Importance of yie old wampum or shell
brad belts may not be out of place here.
As is well known tne wampum or
beads of these belts are generally Ob
long tubes, about the fourth of an. inch
in length, shaped like a piece of to-
Xzttve sdpe win wiapuxs b<£ts tx to*
Istsaoo u flay that art iwtt a twain
and otlMra that h*ft betrn the MMaot
of lone, wearisome and costly TIMish—
In the highest courts of oar land.
Hence It will be seen that bead ¦ ill
has a -worthy and historlo lineage.
Those learned ln\he*e maters tall xa
that Hiawatha, the great formattre
spirit of the federation which limited
all the various tribes of the Iroquois,
the hero qf Longfellow's great poem,
was the inventor of the method of using
wampum belts as a means of conveying
messages and preserving records.
Indeed an Iroquois tradition olearly
states that he is the Inventor of the
wampum belt as his name implies. The
Indian of the name of Hayunwatha,
from ayunwa (wampum belt) and
katha (to make), hence he is *th*
maker of the wampum belt."
1
What Is Selinmf
We would like to hear some furthes
words from' Germany as to the dlsoor
ery in that state of a new metal, called
sellum, by its alleged discoverer, Ed
ward Mollard. For a substance that
has been newly found a surprising deal
appears to be known of its properties.
Mr. Mollard says it can be produced
at a cost only one-twelfth as great as
that of radium, that it is lighter and
stronger, does not nut, takes a fine
polish. Is useful for shipbuilding, pipes,
railroad construction, cooking utensils,
has greater resisting power than iron,
and a hardness somewhat less. Have
we been living for all these years oa
beds of sellum ore. so rich that steam
boats and railroad trains can be made
of it. and have not suspected it?
One Is tempted to suppose that what
is announced as a discovery means an
Invention merely, and that sellum is an
alloy; but you cannot alloy heavy
metals and secure a light-product. Mr.
Mollard seems to imply that the metal
exists in prodigious Quantities; hence
it Is astonishing that it has never been
discovered before. We are finding new
things In nature all the time, as wit
ness radium, but then, radium exists in
such small quantities that there Is per*
haps not an ounce of the free metal in
all America at this time. Theoretically,
you could do cooking and lighting and
heating with It. but, the fulfillment of
theory by»practlce Is prevented by na
tural limitations as to quantity. Let
us hear something further about setJmn
before we accept all that has bean avid
of and for it.
BEAUTY IN POLITICS
By John Taylor Waldorf
' hs. hurriedly gathered up the satisfac
tory^ and '.slammed them down
on tnV-',operat6r|s table." •. > , c
"licreri. my man," V ne commanded,
hurry."; .'•'
3J! The' operator looked, up sleepily, rub
bed his eyes andjread: * \ ¦ ; • '-"
"To Hon. John Randall, "
"Executive Mansion, Eagleton: ' ,,
"My Dear Gov.— I'm running against
>*ou, but you know It's only, for exer
cise, and I want you: to help me out 'of -f
a hole that has ; nothing ! to do -with
politics. I've got an old! woman here
who takes me for you and wants__me
to pardon her son. It s Tyould be a
shame to undeceive her, and anyway
I'm better looking than you are. The
: boy's name is Dan Higgs.; He was sent
up for five years for cattie stealing. His
father* is sick, and both father asjd
- mother are "starving. Pardon the boy
for me',~J6hn. - : I never envied you your
Job until Jthls minute, and even now I
{want* it only long enough to pardon a
cowCstealer.^ Answer at once. I'll wait
¦here at this God-forsaken Junction unV
til I hear from you.
JS. ,, "JOSEPH LAYSON." .'
. , It was the longest and by far > the
oddest telegram/ known in Xerxes June-*
' ! tl6n.7.The operator looked dubious and"
'. timidly^!, 1 suggested, . "You- might '•. skel-;'.
rVetbnlze* this 'and save 'money.***"'* •> . j
" : "No, 'sir,", said the'Colonei; ¦'decided-'.
ly. £ "Send every blamed .word '*„ of it. •
This Is it matter of, state." .-¦ •. . '
The operator labored^rfithv the mes
sage 'while "the colonel out "on the \
'platform: to 'tell : Mrs.4;Hlggg v to- wait
patiently. Soon' after the. message had
gone over the wires the Ardenla : train
came puffing In. ,
"Come on. Governor," said Flal*y.
"We can't -wait any longer." •.
"I can't leave now," mxiwwwr*&^th»
Colonel, leaning languidly against th»
station door. ¦
"But you must. We speak fat 'Ard*
nia to-night."
"Yon can make enough doIm for botfc
of us."
¦ "Ardenia counts on hearing yea. Oar
ernor,". urged Flhley. "X wlllfuH dts
appointment like, thla might ruin your
chances of election." /;>
"You know I never had any, Flnley.
What's the use of savin* thatT Any*
how, I'm not going." . With that ha
took a seat on the. bench beside lira.
Higgs.. "You'd better t>e moving. Fin
ley,'' he a&ded. "I'll Join you at Beeds*
burg in the morning."
Just then^the operator cam* roshtof
out with a message".' The Colonel seised
It, almost tearing It'ln half In his eager
new,\then held the pieces In shaking
hands while he read:
"Dear Colonel— Have telephoned to
¦warden at Osbcrn. : No objection there.
Hlffss* pardon ; signed this minute.
Glad to be of service.
j . •"¦'•• JOHN BANDAIiL."
The Colonel ' turned to Mrs. HIgT*.
"It's all right."* he said thickly. "Your
bo# &111 be i home to-morrow." -
you/ thank.you. ;You*r» the
best Guvner God ever made." At this
she broke down and sobbed.
"All aboard f" shouted the conductor.
The Colonel took a step toward the
train. "It's all right," he repeated.
Vl've done only my duty.' but if you'fe«r
grateful ;.tell." the; boy to vote'' for .me. [
John Randall, for ; Governor." !• - r-
24Sunday Call Christmas Numberfrom side to side for all the world like
a .hoary-haired sea dog that hadn't
been on land for several years.
"We have always spent the holidays
on board," his mother said, as she
watched him buttonhole a great black
man with queer gold rings in his ears,
his trousers rolled up to his knees and
great, brown feet bare, "so he doesn't
know what a tree is, but this year we
leave port so late and the men begged
so hard for one that we are going to
have a regular celebration. You see,"
she added as she glanced about at the
men rolling great casks of oil out on
the dock, "there aren't many whalers
that carry women and this is the only
one that I know of that carries a child,
and the men make a great deal of him.
And," with a little laugh, "It's such a
"I always make all holiday dinners
my own special business," she went
on. "The men have little enough to
look forward to, so I carry along
dainties that will keep, and we fare
Just about as well as you people on
land. Mince meat, fruit cake, salted
almonds, nuts. and candies go a long
way in dressing up a table, and it
pays to keep on the right side of the
sailors. Jamie and I are very de
pendent upon them, you know.'.'
Well, I should rather think, they,
were. There are mighty few women
who would care to take their lives in
their hands to such an extent as .that.
To be sure . her * husband is captain,
but he is one of thirty, and; with the
exception of ,the mate and i a \couplo
of others, is the only. • white "' man on
the Knowles I got up and dressed the a
boy. It was prettyrough, but Tm a o:
good sailor and didn't mind. Any- h
thing was better than stifling in the ,cl
cabin, but you may know how the sea". 11
was rolling when' I, tell you that I
stepped from our '¦: small . boat on the; hi
deck of the Alice Knowles 'when she "J
turned our way. .My, wasn't I glad to n
see a woman again. I rather fancy tl
Mrs. "Captain Montgomery was
pleased, too." . . a]
'., Fancy such a "predicament. A" boil- I'
ing sea' on one side and a villainous" ai
crew on the other. , Sort _ of a Hob- .w
son's choice, but she choose the lesser. P 1
of the two evils. 1 9 1
\j "Oh, you're so terrible slow. ' Come ci
on,: hurry up," and '; the lord ' and mas
ter.- of /the Morgan ' came '- cantering H
long perched on the broad shoulders
fa modern Othello. .. He i dug his
eels into the ribs of his steed,'
lapped him on the head and scolded
ke a small fury. "Gea up'."//
"Well, here it is," he announced, as"
e proudly handed over a toy popgun,
[help shoot whales, I do," and his
•ef er skirt flaunted itself proudly In
ie breeze. "I'm a man, lam." -,
"Now, son, you stay here and see that
11 the oil Is taken out of the hold, and
11 call you '¦ when tea ; Is ready!" and
s he took up his watch/ gun in'handj
e went downstairs, ostensibly to pre
are tea,' but in reality to peep into the
h.est and see how much of a man the
iptain's son was.
"He's a man, is he?. Well, this looks
ke It, don't It?" and his mother held
/ f LEASE.Santa Claus, bring me
X ) a pail, a wheelbarrow and a
\^ shovel, and I'll be a good
JL boy. Amen."
Now you might wonder what Jamie
Earle, a small boy who has spent his
four summers aboard a whaler, wants
a pail and a Ehovel for, for there isn't
very much available sand out in the
middle of the ocean, but Jamie has a
mind cf his own and what he wants
he wants badly, and like most small
bo? he gets It.
Jamie's father, be it known, is the
captain of the Charles P. Morgan, the
South Sea whaler that was caught In
the great tidal wave, so Just about
all the small man has to do is to lift
up his voice and the sailors rush madly
about and do the rest.
"I really think son has more to say
on board than his father," his mother
Eaid, as she captured him sliding down
a nearby rope. "The sailors mind his
pa 4 _ because they know they have to,
but they do ivhat Jamie says because
they like to."
"Oh, Jamie, boy. don't wiggle that
way," as he squirmed about like a
lively eel. "Tell us what you want
Santa. Claus to bring you, because I
think this lady will see him before I
do."
"Oh say, are you goin' to see him?"
And he stopped in his mad career and
scrambled up Into my lap for all the j
•world like a small monkey. "I want
a nice red pail like the one I saw in
the window and a shovel and a wheel
barrow and a horse and some pretty .
pictures and some candy," and when,*
he simply had to stop for want or
breath he gently patted my face and
smiled in a guileless fashion. '¦'. ,V' •
Only four years old and yet such "a
master of the persuasive art. He's a
sailor born and bred, and if the old
saying that a sailor has a sweetheart
in every port is true, then Jamie Is evi
dently merely trying to live up to his
reputation.
"Oh, say," Bitting up and Investigat
ing the wheels in my watch, "Santa
Claus didn't forget all about me last
Christmas, even if I was an awful long
way away. Just see here," and he
swaggered down and commenced dig
ging in a diminutive pocket "He
brought me a watch and a chain and
a— mamma, Where's my gun? I "want
to ehow the lady my gun. Oh, tell me
where it Is," and aTOyJtie went rolling
to the cause. Day after day. as the
Morgan cruises slowly along, keeping: a
sharp lockout for the cachalots, there
Is practical}- nothing to do, and the
races afford the men quite as much
amusement as they do the baby, for,
after all, men are only a sort of a
grown-up youngrster.
When he pets tired and the dream
fairies swarm about him too thickly he
curls up in a hammock that is protect
ed fronj the hot sun by an awning, and
every one that passes gives him a gen
tle swing for good luck until he returns
from hl3 Journey and makes lifa merry
on board again.
When it's stormy and too disagree
able to be on deck, he takes a turn at
playing the piano, and if he is a very
good bey his mother plays and sings
for him. So, after all, you see life la.
one grand holiday "with nothing to dc^
but make the most of it.
Just think of it, all you white-faced
children of the land. Would you trade
your green parks, your prancin* 'i
horses and your gilded matinees for a
whaler that is tossed about by the
water3 as though It were a bit of barkT
Eleven months out at one time, if you
chanced to make a good catch and the
weather was favorable, but nine times
out of ten It would be just as well if
you counted on twelve months out
and, at the most, one in port.
"I take my machine along because
Jamie outgrows his clothes so fast, and
this year I'm counting on making a
perfect host of tarlatan bags and filling
them with popcorn and candies. Don't
you think that will help out a great
deal when they're so many to look
after?"
' "X. suppose this ship belongs to your_
son and heir," I said after I had man
aged to sit fairly and squarely down on
It. "I don't exactly see where he
sails it."
"Oh bless me, we have a tub filled
with water. This," holding up a gayly
lacquered box, "is filled with Japanese
toys that one of the men got for him.
They're Just pieces of paper rolled tnv
but when you put them in water th*y
expand Into all sorts of fantastical
shapes. So you see," she added with >»
a humorous twinkle in her eye, "a tufcdl
is absolutely essential to our happi
ness."
All this fuss .and feather that one
small man may be happy, perhaps you.
Mr. landlubber, are thinking. Yet it Is
infinitely more than that, as you would
know if the sea had claimed you for its
very own for a long, dreary monoton
ous year. The smallest trifles, such as
the opening of the mystic papers, .
breaks into the sameness of the day,
and I'd be willing to wager my very
head that not on* of the Morgan's
crew would' lift a hand to keep the
captain's son ashore.
In his royal despotism he Is like a tin
god, and. whatever he say* goes, so
when he prayed for a thousand and one
things the sailors went out and bought,
even though they knew that dipping
into the slop chest would be the ln«
evitable.
So it chanced that when the whaler
anchored in the stream there was a
great, mysterious hurrying and bus
tling about, putting queer-shaped bcy^
and bags safely out of sight, and t5&
last thing I heard, as she was being
towed out to sea, was a small voice 1
calling: "Please don't forget about my
pail and my shovel and my wheelbar
row If you Bee Santa Claug fln»t. t *
Not all this Jubilee came from this
port, for there are queer-looking toys
that savor of Japan and China, of the
Philippines and the tropical islands.
Everything and anything that could be
picked up, and, besides all this, the
gifts that the sailors have fashioned In
their spare minutes.
Such a tree as there will be. It
wasn't on board, but a delegation had
volunteered to see that it would be
there in plenty of time if Mrs. Earle
would attend to the gee-gawa and the
glinting nothings that make a Christ
mas tree what it is.
"It's been awfully hard for me to buy
all the decorations for the tree on ac
count of the boy," Mrs. Earle said as
she brought up a handful of cornucopias
and strings and strings of pretty
bright-colored bells. "He's been land
sick ever since we have been in port,
and he wasn't content with that, but
he had to catch a beastly cold. What
do you think? For the first time in his
life he had the croup and had it so
badly that his father had to call a doc
tor in the middle of the night. But I'm
not worrying; he'll be all right Just as
soon as we lose sight of land." »
Generally It's quite the reverse with
the majority of us. About the time we
reach the Potato Patch we commence
to long for home and mother, and when
¦we actually get both feet planted flrmly
on good, solid terra flrroa there is am
ple cause for rejoicing. Landsick?
Just imagine.
Jamie narrowly escaped being a wa
ter baby. It Just happened that he
wasn't born at sea, but when he was a
•wee, small man he made his bow at
the helm and his tiny hand has been
felt there ever since. But he isn't to
be pitied— rather envied, for his life is
a happy rollicking one spent roaming
from country tb« country and in having
just as good a' time as he' knows how.
When the weather is bright and
sunny he hitches up a team of sailors
and goes whirling about the deck at a
breakneck pace, and he is never quite
as happy as when the crew line up and
bet on the horses that can make the
best time. Then he is like a Roman
driver, standing In his chariot and
lending his small whlpjmd Bhrill voice
up a funny rag doll, and a black baby
at that. "He saw It in the windp^ and
asked for it, but I told him that papa
never would get over laughing at him
for wanting to play with dolls, like
girls, and he didn't say another word
to me. But that night his father told
me that Jamie had asked what he
wouid think if he had a nigger baby,
and so here he is. He certainly isn't
much for pretty, but he is the very one
he wanted, so that make3 all the differ
ence in the world.
"You see, he hasn't very much room
to play in, and no earth at all, so this
year we are going to take a great sand
box and turn him loose in it. His
father said it could be built in one end
of the ship, and that's the reason he
wants a pall and shovel. He saw some
children on the beach, and he thinks it
would be pretty fine."
Oh, such perfect stacks of things as
that youngster will have. A great hob
by-horse that will rock him to Dublin
town and back in a few minutes: a
beautiful coaster with a new-fangled
brake on it, books by the score, candy
that is piled so high one can scarcely
see over it and the usual odds and ends
that always delight the heart of a
child. - : v* : *.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ; CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
BOY'S CHRISTMAS
ABOARD A WHALER
By Madge Moore
good excuse, don't you know, to cele
brate. You would hardly believe that
these great rough men are more pleased
than baby with some trifle, and they
can hardly wait until dinner time."
The dinner part appealed most
emphatically to me as I looked at the
black natives of Guam, the queer
looking little Portuguese with cruel
knives tucked handily away In their
scarlet belts and the dull, stolid faces
of the very few fair men that help
to make up their crew. It wasn't
hard to believe that catering to their
etomach might be one of their great
est concerns, but that a ; woman's
homely remembrances might find
favor in their eyes was almost one too,
many for me. I rather accepted it
"with a grain of salt.
- . ¦:. .
board. While he is at her tide she
and her baby are safe, but what
would happen if one of the murderous
looking crew should stick a knife In
his ..back? It isn't pleasant to con
template, yet she understands her po
sition full well.
"When we were in the midst of the
tidal '-. wave my husband worried a
good', deal about the California, be
cause she leaked badly when she left
port; and as soon as we sighted the
Alice , Knowles he wanted to go a
'gamming.'
"For five whole days Jamie and I
had , been flat on our backs in . bed
because : his father was afraid we
would be hurt by falling timbers or
carried away by. the high seas, but'
when I heard he , was going over ta
26That was so long ago! But whenever
anything rattles and pattens she shuts
her eyes quickly, and sees for a mo
ment the dark room and the square
white counterpane, and hears her
mother singing "Mary of Argyle." She
wonders if when we die and go to
heaven we sr» reminded by little sights
and sounds of what we used to do on
earth. Of course, we shall do only
pleasant things there, but they might
remind us of the pleasant things here—
the pasture in the early morning, when
it is so still and cool and almost
strang-e? the barn, full of sweet piles of
hay, musical with amber sunlight; a
fairly palace, on whose fragrant divans
one eits with Sultans and slavegirls,
and listens to Sindbad and Aladdin;
the shady porch, where cool white milk
and dark shiny gingerbread wait the
weary berry-stained wanderer. In the
brown book in the parlor Is a poem
about a little girl who used to "take
her little porring-er and eat her supper
there," The Child feels like that little
girl when she eats on the porch.
There is another little girl in the
brown book — "Sweet Lucy Gray." She
think* of Lucy when she comes home
alone tt dusk, and quickens her steps.
How frightened ehe would be! Not
that the Child has been foolishly
taught to fear. Only that she Is
imaginative and knows enough to be
afraid.
Suddenly comes the grating sound of
something dragged over the floor, and
the door opens. The Child pushes out
with a little wooden rocking chair and
a great tin pan heaped with unshelled
peas. Her blue-checked apron la tied
by the waistband around her neck — it
Is a grown woman's apron, and covers
her and tha chair, which Is far too
email for her now. But one cannot be
always eight years old, and when one
Is II shall one relinquish without a
pang the birthday gifts of one's child
hood?
She lays the pan beside her and puts
a handful of peas Into her blue-checked
lap. She presses her brown little thumb
against the sharp green edge and drags
It down the pod. Out patter the little
green balls, and rattle Into the pan.
Truly, a pleasant sound! Like the rain
on the roof. When she was very little
and slept with her mother, she woke
once In the night, and It was raining
hard. The thunder frightened her, and
her mother comforted her and sang her
to sleep in the bed. And when the
lightning flashed and all the room was
bright and dreadful, her mother told
her to keep her eyes chut and then the
flashes would not trouble her. So she
screwed her eyes hard together and
held her mother's hand and drifted oft
to sleep.
THE sun-glare lies on the road and
the field and the house. There are
only three little white clouds In
all the warm blue sky. No one
passes up or down the road.
CCopjricht by Josephine Doflfe Dask&m.)
ver music, "Where is your master?" !
"Lady," say a one of the slaves, bow
ing low, "he cumes." She hears the feet
of the approaching Prince; she dares
not raise her eyes. How will he look?
What gift will he bring? She sinks her
Let us think of pleasant things! Peas
are so small If you count them by ones!
If people considered whenever they
gobbled peas so quickly that every one
had to be shelled by one poor, tired'
little girl! But no, they eat them with
out a thought of how she sat In tha
little tight chair and rattled them Into
the pan- If they were only rich enough
to leave the chair and the peas and the
farm and go to a city!' What city?
Oh, New York or Boston or Persia. In
Persia the days are full of richness
and the nights are Arabian. Along the
streets walk veiled and lovely women
— does it matter that to the Child their
veils are of the dull blue cotton that
wreathes her mother's hat? By all the
Persian monarchs, no! — driving black
dogs and white hinds, followed by tur
baned slaves and glaring eunuchs, with
misty genii hovering in the back
ground. They enter a frowning por
tal — but let us pretend!
This is Persia. The streets are nar
row; the people Jostle and crowd to
one side a little girl in a blue-checked
apron. She walks along unknown, un
noticed. Wait! Who is this? It is a
slave in a turban with a scimitar flash
ing with jev.-els. lie bows low.
"I am bidden to tell you that your
presence is desired by my master,
lovely maiden!" The lovely maiden
looks haughtily at him.
"I will follow you, Slave," che says.
They go on to a lov.', narrow door. The
slave says a magic word and the door
Bwing3 open. Through a long passage
and a great hall they go. There bursts
upon them a radiance of light. Flowers
fill the air with an unearthly fragrance.
Golden goblets and ruby pitchers stand
on silver salvers with "dried fruit,
cakes and sweetmeats, which give an
appetite for drinking." Lovely slave
girls lead the maiden to the bath and
attire her in rich and costly robes.
They seat her in a golden chair and
give her a bowl of seed pearls to string.
(These are the pearls.) She lifts her
lovely head and says in a voice of sil-
There are strange things In the Bible.
One is commanded to refrain from do
ing so many things that one never
would do anyway. But those things
must have been done by the Israelites
and the Pharisees and the Hlttltes and
the Publicans. Then did God mean that
Ihe Americans must keep the same
laws? But Americans were free and
equal. They threw over the tea, and
with a wild whoop— waitl let us pre
tend! , ;
This Is Boston. It is still and quiet.
Night is dark all around. Soft and
stealthy come footsteps — tha Indians!
They gather from the shadows of the
trees and houses, they wave their tom
ahawks exultantly, they glide to the
wharf. In their path stands a little
girl in a blue-checked apron. She falls
upon her knees in terror.
"Save me!" she cries. The chief
laughs a horrid laugh; he raises his
tomahawk — the dog barks loud and the
child nearly drops the peas on her lap,
so frightened she is.
"I thought they were real! I thought
they were coming!" she whispers to
herself. 4
"Why did you want to go?" she
said. The Child could not telL
"It made me cry," she answered,
"but I felt good, too. I want her to
tell my brother that I am pretty
well, and that I hope he is tha same,
when she gets to heaven. Do you sup
pose she will get there by to-night?"
They talked about her conduct on
that occasion bo strangely and so long
that she never spoke any more with
them about death or the life after it'
But she thought about these things.
She wondered whether Mary Waters
remembered the secret place they
made together in a hollow gate post.
Mary Waters had a way of sometimes
telling things not quite as they really
were. Did she do so now? Or had
she told enough lies to send her to
hell? For liars inherit hell. It la
not that this fact has been Impressed
upon her mind by others, but she has
heard it in the Bible and heard it
read.
bands deep In the pearls. Ah, what
is that? A great sweet bough drops in
the pan.
"Your gran-ma wants" them peas!"
says the Prince In genial rebuke. Alas!
And did Haroun-al-Raschld speak
through his nose?
The child stares at him, dazed.
"These— these are pearls!" she. says.
"I am stringing them for my girdle!
Does your Highness desire that I should
wear this— this carbuncle?"
His Highness laughs loud and long.
"It's > a sweet bough," he ; chuckles,
"and and I guess you had better eat It
right up, now," One moment of weaver
ing: shall awful wrath* come upon this
desecrator of the I soul's best rites, or
good fellowship and feasting be given
him? She' scowls, she shrugs her
aproned shoulders, she glances from
beneath her. lashes, she. smiles.
f\ "Fll give you half," she announces.
After all, it is hardly probable that the
Prince would have helped her shell the
peas. And William Bearles will. If he
Is only the chore boy boy. Vain hope!
"I got to drive the chickens 'round
back," he demurs/ "I can't spend my
time ehellln'^p€fes. Your gran'ma says
if you don't get 'em done pretty soon
you can't-go over to Miss Salome's this
afternoon. She says you're a dreadful
slow child!" - -
This is the last straw. The Child
rises with what would Indeed be a
"They Seat Her In a Golden l Chair and Give Her a /Bo wl of Pearls to fftring. 1^
"But you will come next week?" sh*
asks. And the Child's face lights up.
"Oh, yes. 111 surely come next week,
surely," she replies with emphasis. So
she goes around to Miss Salome's chair
and the beautiful ringed hand raises
her face and strokes her freckled cheek.
"Good-by. my Sunshine!" she says. The
Child catches the hand In a rush of lov
ing worship and kisses It. >.,''»;"
"I win never be cross to William
Bearles again, never!" she cries. "I will
be good to everybody— even to stupid
people!" Miss Salome pinches her cheek
and laughs.
And the Child goes out and down tha
steps of the terrace, rapt, wondering,
lifted to a height of love and admtrattoa
that keeps her little soul to Its sweet
est, highest pitch tor—ah, measure not
the time, I beg you! The children who
are older — how long do the glow and
flush remain with them? They can only
say, "There will be another!" and wait
for It as well and* patiently as may be.
The Child goes back to the life of ev
ery day and , embroiders Its dull web
with eyes of peacocks and sifts Into It
the ecent of sandal wood and sets It
weaving to the tune of ballads, quaint
and sweet. Yet she has taken into an
other's web, unknowing, a tiny thread
of happiness that weaves through the
tarnished cloth of silver and blesses the
pattern as It grows. And the Master e£
the Looms has planned It all.
"If I make my guests unhappy they
will not care to come again," she says.
"Ring for Peter, dear child." So the
child taps the bell and Peter comes
gravely In with the beautiful silver
tray and In a flutter of delight the
child forgets the song and the picture.
Miss Salome cuts the dark frosted
cake and dishes Into glass plates the
candled ginger, floating In syrup, and
pours out a cup of real tea. "And the
Fairy Princess Is served with a ban
quet worthy of her dreams. Oh, to b«
at last In Miss Salome's mansion!
The clock chimes for half-past fire.
Heaven Is over. She brushes tha
crumbs to a little heap oa her gflt
rlmmed plate.
"I must go now, I think," she says
with obvious effort. Her hostess)
smiles.
freezing dignity were it not that with
her rises the birthday chair. "Wil
liam," she begins. But more suddenly
than Is consistent with her tone she
sinks back. William sits upon the
grass shaking with laughter.
"You looked so awful funny, so awful
funny!" he gasps. The Child hangs for
a moment between tears and laughter.
Then she accepts .the situation and
laughs as merrily as tha chore boy.
"I was pretending I was a princess,"
she explains. "I "
"Ho!" rejoins William, "you alnt Ilka
s princess! You don't look like the
ones you tell about, anyway; Why"—
as she glares at him over the apron,
••your hair's red, red! An* your eyes
are kind o' green, they are! An* you're
Just Jam-packed full o* freckles! I
gueess I know well enough how they
look, and you ain't like 'em I"
The tears stand In her eyes, but she
will not let them fall.
*T don't care, William Searles," she
says bravely, "I may look freckled, but
I don't feel sotv And it's better to know
how they look than * But no I She
Is an honest Child, with all her imagin
ings. Bhe knows that It Is better to
look like them than to know about
themt better for the maiden and the
prlnee, at least. William waits for the
sentence. She begins again.
"William Bearles," she says solemnly,
'» wouldn't you rather I could tell you
about those princesses than look like
them?" William's eyes sparkle greed
ily.
"Ton bet!" he replies with fervor.
The Child sighs with relief.
"All right," she says, "then dont
complain." .
i She Is alone again, and only Wil
liam's faint and fainter Invitations to
the chickens break the silence. The
peas fly Into the pan. Suppose she
should be kept from Miss Salome's!
But no, that shall not be. She looks
ahead to the happy afternoon, singing
as she works.
And now— and now the time has
come. The dishes are wiped, the cat
fed and the fennel picked for the long
sermon to-morrow. She, her very self.
In her new dotted lawn walks carefully
up the hill to the big house, terraced
and gravel-pathed. She knocks timidly
at the brass ring and the tall colored
butler. let» her In. He Is the only In
door man servant she has ever seen,
and she reverences him greatly. He
smiles condescendingly at her, \ as he
•miles not upon all the country people*
"If miss will walk up," he says. Bhe
goes up the soft-carpeted stairs Into
the upstairs drawing-room. She draws
a long breath of happiness and wonder
ever new, and makes her little cour
tesy to Miss Salome.
Out of the dim, delicious dusk of the
room come slowly the familiar treas
ures—the high polished desk, the great
piano, the marvelous service of delft
that fills a monstrous sideboard In the
distance; the chairs, all silk and satin
and shining wood; the great pictures
In gilt frames. In the largest chair sits
Miss Salome. Will the child ever tire
of looking at her pale-lined face, her
silver high-dressed hair, her beautiful
hands sparkling with rings, her
haughty mouth, her tired, troubled
eyes? She must nave been almost as
lovely as the Princess Angelica once.
But she smiles so seldom. Bhe puts out
her hand.
"And what has happened slnoe last
Baturday?" she says.
The Child laughs for pure Joy. To
talk, to describe, to venture at analy
sis, to ask the why and wherefore, to
Illustrate by gesture as vivid as her
speech— these things are her happiness.
To be suffered this joy in snatches Is
much, to have it demanded, and for one
whole afternoon. Here is no one to
reprove, no one to blame the idle
hands, no one to question the propriety
of mimicry or to insist on her sitting
In her little chair.
Miss Salome watches her flitting
about the dusky parlor, her reddish
gold hair gleaming now against the
delft blue, now against the polished
mahogany desk. She tells of the
chickens that lost their mother. She
wanders about clucking for her brood
and cooing over the returned prodigals.
She walks across the room as William
does— her slouching gait, open mouth,
drawling voice. Irresistibly perfect. She
describes the shooting star, that seem
ed to her like a lost spirit, gone to
sorrow and the earth.
"It makes me think of 'Lucifer, son
of the morning, how art thou fallen!* "
•he says, solemnly. "I wonder how
that star felt. Miss Salome?"
There Is a long pause. The lady
sighs, i
Then, "You may read, If you like,**
she says at last.
The Child's face flushes for Joy* Bhe
runs to the bookcases and brings out
a small brown book. She fingers lov
ingly the tree-calf that covers the
precious pages, and opens them before
she finds her • chair. She curls up on
a great satin ottoman and smooths the
leaves. Where is' the farm? Where
the peas? Where William? They are
less -than shadows, more unreal than
dreams. Her voice trembles as she be
gins:
"And now. your Highness permitting,
I shall relate to your Majesty one of
the most surprising adventures ever
known to your Majesty—' " Ah, It Is
good to have been a child . and per
fectly happy.
What do children know of life, she
thinks, wh» play with tops and dogs
and kittens? There are books In the
world. And they own all lands and
seas and peoples who own ftios*
printed leaves. Even Miss Balome
does not know as much as the books.
Even Miss Salome cannot say such
carious wonderful things. Why is
Miss Salome so good to her? In
heaven will they see each other? "In
my father's house ara many man
sions." Supposa she should b« put In
Miss Salome's? Will the "Arabian
Nights" be there? When she lifts her
eyes from tho book they fall on an
Immense peacock-feather fan. It
glows on th« wall, and the eyes dilate
and tremble and satisfy her hungry
little soul with the color she loves. On
-«. small table near her stands a
sandal-wood cabinet. Its faint sweet
smell mingles with tha spices and
gums of the tale, and should a Genius
spring from the cover and bow to the
ground before them, she would not
be surprised.
With a sigh of pleasure she releases
the princess and outwits tha evtl
spirit.
" 'And "now 11 your Majesty would
care to listen to tho story of the Fish
erman • "
"That Is enough," says Miss Sa
lome. . "Are you tired ?*• The Child's
eyes answer her.
"Then sing to m»,"
"What shall I 8108;?** says the Child.
"•Lord Lovell'?"
"If you like," 'answers Miss Sa
lome.
Tha Child rises and stands before
tho great chair. Her face ts raised
and serious. She knows only ballads,
but to her they are opera and sym
phony In one. She clasps her hands
and begins:
Lord LovelJ b* atoed at Us ea*tle v*M,
A-comb!ac hla milk whlta stead.
When out cam* I*dy Nancy Batl
To vriah her lover rood »p*-n« »»4,
To wish her lorar food speed.
Her voice tings true as a bed. Miss
Salome smiles at the eager little face.
-% She carries them through fateful
Verses and unconsciously softens and
saddens her voice at the woeful end*
Ing. V
Miss Salome applauds vlgarouxtr.
"Once more," she begs.
The Child's heart grows btf wtth
happiness. That she should lor* tt so,
and yet with tt pleasure others! It Is
too much Joy. She will mak* a (pedal
prayer to-night and thank God, as
does her grandmother, for xir.axacctad
bounty.
"I win sing •Come Wlfa Thy bate/ m
she* says. It Is a quaint, old-fashioned
tune, and her voice rises and falls and
reaches for the notes with an almost
pathetio feeling for their beauty.
She looks at the lovely lady fa ths>
white satin gown In the great gold
frame before her. How beautiful she
must have been! She died when she
was very young. Her husband shot
himself with grief for her. She might
have sung that song to him— who
knows? The Child chokes and swal
lows her tears at the end of the song,
and when she looks at Miss Salome she
sees that her eyes, too, are full of
tears.
"Oh, I have made you cry! I asa
sorry — so sorry I"
Miss Salome wipes her eyes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL. —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
If she could have one wish In all
her life she knows what it would be.
A beautiful gold watch all chased
¦with figures and a cherry-colored rib
bon tied into the handle. Then she
•would put it into her waist — but
her dresses open In the back! The
disadvantages of youth are obvious
enough, in all conscience, without that
last pathetic touch. When can she
have a separate waist and skirt?
Suppose she should die before she
grows old enough to attain this glory?
People have died when they were
young — much younger than she. The
little Waters girl died and she was
only 9. The Child went to the funeral,
but not with her mother. She
slipped into the kitchen and listened
at the door. When she told her
mother that she had gone her mother
looked at her so strangely.
THE HEART OF A CHILD
27The ¦ King of Dahomey had detained
the Englishman, Rutherford, to witness
the annual customs, and the most' atro
cious part of the whole dreadful rite
was now in celebration. The savage
subjects of the savage monarch crowd
ed the stifling market 'place, variously
armed, . and eyes with ". the / lust of
slaughter in them were fixed on three
long and narrow baskets In the center.
In each basket lay bound a living man,
an alligator, a cat and a hawk; no pen
would describe the: faces of the three
human sacrifices. ,-' r : •'•'¦
¦Oh a signal from the King, twelve
Amazons— great," brawny, " half-naked
women— seized- the baskets, four to
each, and 'carried them to the top of
a platform high above the people. Then
the' King arose and made his speech I
The victims, said 1 the old King, would
go forthwith ; upon their journey to
the spirit land, the men : and. the ani
mals each to their kind, to fshow^ the
had been at his throat. *
In a spasm of uncontrollable fear the
hangman screamed aloud, and the chief
warder and another hurrying to the
spot found him in a desperate fit hud
dled against the door of the celL They
could not revive him' in the infirmary,
and the hour for the execution drew
nearer and nearer. Then the Sheriff
and the Governor consulted, and a tel
egram was dispatched. At the very
moment that the hangman should have
been withdrawing the bolt came the
reprieve. ¦
dwellers there his power over all crea
tion. At a second signal, the Amazons,
taking up the baskets again, hurled
them among the people; and almost be
fore they had ceased falling the live
sacrifices were hacked and battered to
pieces. Then the Englishman was , al
lowed to go.
.He fled in horror, his ears filled with
the shrieks of the crowd, | his terrified
. fancy renewing every detail of the
massacre. He fled as far as the Jun
gle, and in the thick white jungle fog
the man was swallowed up and lost.
As he wandered the horrid nausea of
j the. swamp came over him, and by and
by he reeled and fell. The cold, dry
harmattan— wind of the north or north
east—was blowing; and in the middle
of the night the: Englishman awoke
with a shiver, and j a kind ' of sub-con
sciousness that something was happen
ing close to him. He sat* up and saw
the strange procession of the- ghosts.
The '\ three hawks flew abreast over
head. One of the three : ghost-men
pushed a. fourth ghost In front of him,
holding the. Khost's neck 1 1n * the cleft
of a stick.. The Khost with ; his : neck
in the cloven stick was the old black
gray headed King who had sent the
victims to the^ spirit* land to show that
-. he had t power over - men , and animals."
t; In the morning the Englishman found
his tracks and, .arrived at -the port,
asked news of i the King. .The King,
he was told, had been £ murdered the
night before by the • father of one of
the three victims.
there was none.
"Will you have a look at him now?"
asked the chief warder. .;
Usually on entering the prison the
hangman took stock of his victim
through the spy-hole in the door of the
cell, to judge what length of rope would
settle him quickest. He nodded vaguely.
"AH right, you know your way; here's
the Sheriff coming. I must fetch the ;
Governor."
The hangman crept through the gas
lit, noiseless corridors until he stood at
the door of the condemned cell. Within
could be heard the voice of the chap
lain faintly raised In prayer. The hang-,
man shook, he knew not why; he was
in dreadful fear of the coming on of his
fit, when it would be Impossible for him
to fasten the straps and adjust the
rope. .How . was his fear a thousand •
fold enhanced when, on tiptoe at the
spy-hole, he beheld the very face that'
had terrified him in the train!" It was
the doomed man himself, kneeling (.at
the side of the clergyman and gazing,
as it were full at" the hangman, of
whose presence on the other Bide of the
door he could not be aware.
i The Jest of the porter, "Been travel
'ing with a ghost?" slipped through* the
hangman's mind, and he thought: " "He
came to get at me, and push me out o'
the train, so's I shouldn't, have him."
He was certain that until .this moment
he had never -before ' seen , - the con
demned man in the flesh, ; and remem
bered that in the train he had' seen the
face only, though positive that hands
t
silver balls, produces a most festive ef
fect—almost as if one had come into a.
Christmas tree, forest. Where holly is
difficult to obtain, bows of bright red
ribbon are very effective. Single holly
leaves can be used as guests' name
cards, written on with gold paint; or
they make pretty little Christmas cards
to slip into parcels if appropriate mot
toes are written on them.
If the partv given is a dance, then
there is very little to suggest in the
way of novelty, for everything pro
ceeds on well-known lines. The floor
is polished, or a dancing cloth Is laid
down; as good music as possible Is ob
tained, and a supper of more or less
elaborate description is provided. Now
this is all very well where the children
are old enough to dance properly, but
as the ages at children's parties are
apt to vary considerably, as it is usual
to invite the whole family, the younger
ones arc likely to be either a little dis
appointed or knocked about and driven
Into corners by themselves. I have
found it a good plan to devote the
earlier part of the festivity to the lit
tle ones, and then, after gathering all
of them together for a tea; and sending
the "tinies" home, the older ones are
at liberty to dance and behave in as
grown-up a fashion as they please, and
so both divisions are satisfied.
And now to consider the game3. We
"But there was no 'un here' then."
"Well, there's no 'un here now, 'cept
you, far as I can see. Been travelln'
with a ghost?"
The hangman, still clutching his bag
tightly, stepped across to a four
wheeled cab.
The vast prison was full of the
strange, silent bustle that marks a gal
lows morning. Only the officers were
about, however: prisoners are locked
in their cells till the /act is complete.
Every one moved stealthily, nothing
was spoken above a whisper. The chap
lain had arrived and was with the con
demned man.
The hangman, staggered and mysti
fied by that Inexplicable passage in the
train, which he was afraid. to speak of,
had hoped for news of a reprieve—
which, indeed, had been generally ex
pected—but the chief warder told him
went on struggling, as though seek
ing to free himself from some one. The
bag with the rope and pinioning straps
had fallen on the floor.
"Ah, you've gone!" exclaimed the
hangman. "But I'll keep a watch for
you, and, mark me, I'll know your
face." The light was extinguished in
the carriage. The hangman groped for
his bas, felt in it and found his gal
lows' tackle safe, and kept It clutched.
In the dare of the lamps at Kings
Cross he looked around, and saw that
he was alone in the carriage.
"Where did we stop last?" he asked
of the porter who opened the door.
"PeterbroV *
*p*f S tha night mail rattled Into Pe
f I terborough, the hangman drew
£| on his black knitted gloves,
JL picked up the bag containing the
rope, white cap and pinioning
straps and looked for an empty third.
The porter who closed the door on him
recognized the little man, and 6aid:
"Seems he ain't got his reprieve. Mus
ter StickelL"
"Time enough," rejoined the little
hangman, quietly.
Time enough! What thought the man
in the condemned cell, whose death was
fixed for » a. m.?
The train launched itself again upon
the dark winter's night; no other
* etop until London, at S:45 a. m. The
executioner, recruiting from an ague,
hugged himself in his long yellow frieze
and set about Bleeping. He was a
flute maker on week days, and when
he traveled by night on a hanging er
rand he could often pleep by calling
Into his car the velvety notes of his
instrument. He dozed, and dozed more
heavily, end every minute he was a
mile nearer to the man whose reprieve
had not come. The black bag with the
greased rope in it bobbed up and down
on the seat beside him.
Suddenly the hangman started up
wide awake. "What are you doing to
mrV he cried. "I can Bee your face,
and nothing else: but you're trying to
ehove me out of the carriage. Leave
me be, I tell you!"
No answer came, but the hangman
X^THRISTMAS!
f / To come the gravestone of a dead de-
I / < n K ht.
VL/ To some the landmark of a new do-
main.
Well, I do not propose to, discuss
gravestones in this little Christmas
chat. I will leave them to the writ
ers of those gruesome ghost stories
which are not yet "dead delights" at
this season of the year. Landmarks
and new domains are more to my lik
ing at present, especially the former.
Even if they are not of sufficient im
portance to engage the attention of
the ordnance surveyors, children's
parties and Juvenile entertainments
of all sorts are very j real landmarks
in the lives of the little ones—memo
ry's milestones, which,, as we grow
older, we should be very loth to lose;
oases of "make-believe" In the desert;
of "matter-of-fact," where the col
ored candles are always alight, where
presents arrive from all sorts of . un
expected places and where we may
eat all the things which at other times
are specially forbidden. There is
very little to say to the children on the
subject; they shut their eyes and open
their sweet little mouths in complete
confidence that what they are going
to get is sure to be nice, because, of
course, they are loved so much. But
I would beg the older ones not to
leave out those they do not feel "call
ed upon" to include in any fun that
is going forward. Few of us have
enough wisdom to select, none of us
to exclude; and If our hearts have
been flung a little wider open at this
'season we shall feel all the better, de
pend upon it.
The preparations, for Christmas and
its attendant festivities are not the
least enjoyable features of thelfuletide
programme. Set the young people to
work at weaving garlands and wreath3
as Boon as the holidays begin, which is
not usually long before Christmas day
itself. Ropes stretched between two
chairs and pieces of evergreen placed
crisscross on them make very pretty
festoons of greenery; holly can be
j sparingly used . among laurels and
such like cheaper growths; and, of
course, the mistletoe is always wel
come. Prettiest of all, however, are
tiny fir trees, or boughs so cut as to re
semble them. On the occasion of a
party a series of these fastened so as
to stand upright on the outside of the
banister rail up the staircase, each
hung with little different colored quick^
>¦ ' ¦'¦''¦¦. /
do not want them to be too rough for
best clothes, but all the little folks
must enjoy themselves to the utmost,
and to this end it is well to have a
list made out beforehand, and to note
down the names of children upon
•whom you can count as "leaders." Lit
tle prizes of bon-bons done up in small
parcels, tiny Japanese fans, penny •
dolls, or little books give an added in
terest to competitive games, but In no
case should they be things of much
value. Games should follow in quick
succession to prevent the boys sliding
up and down the room, or trying each
other's strength, which is apt to upset
the harmony of the entertainment. A
very good game is called the "Extin
guisher." After clearing the room,
and arranging the little guests on either
side of it, a candle la lit at the far end
from the door; one of the children is
then blindfolded, and has to find his
way to the candle and blow it out. Ha
can be guided by the rest calling "hot"
or "cold," but It is really more amusing:
in complete silence, when he frequently
blows in quite a wrong direction. All
the attempts should have a time limit,
otherwise it gets wearisome to both
actor and onlooker.
A table-game called "Blowball"
originated In America. Tapes are
stretched round the table for
boundaries. Pencils are used for goals,
while an esg-shell pierced and "blown"
is used as a ball. Players sit round the
table and blow the shell about as a ball
is kicked In a game of football. Cap
tains are chosen, who select their sides,
and once a player has taken his posJ-^
tlon he; may not leave it. '^L
Just one more new game, and then,
I think, with the addition of some of
the old favorites the children would .
not like to do without, the party ought •*
to be a success. This Is the "New
Blindman's Buff," where no one ia
.blindfolded, but the 'one who is to play
the part of bllndman is seated on a
footstool facing a stretched white sheet
— Just as you would arrange one for a
magic lantern. Some way behind him
a candle is put on a table; then the
children pas3, one at a time, between
the light and the blind man. throwing
their shadows on to the sheet, and, by
their shadows, he has to guess who it
is that is passins behind him. The
child whose name he guesses correctly
has to take his place. It Is a pretty
game, and possesses a good deal of
interest. Care must be taken to have
the blind man seated sufficiently low,
so as not to cast his own shadow on the
sheet.
But when all Is said and done, the
preparation for Christmas, its secrets,
its shopping expeditions, are half the
joy of the festival to the youngsters,
and if we elders. are wise we will allow
them as much scope in this direction
as we are able. We grumble over the
inordinate length of our list of names
for our Christmas shoppings, V^k'
- would our hearts be any the lighter to?
the absence of one of those names, and
the knowledge that never again could
anything be purchased for him save—
"rosemary, for remembrance"?
¦
Then followed some very lovely
scenes from Tennyson's poems. Among
them, one from "The Princess." where
the Princess and her train of "sweet
girl graduates" are resting in her tent
with the three disguised students in
women's dress— the Prince, Florian and
CyriL The tent is very beautiful, in
embroidered silk and eatln. In the mid
dle is a tripod, from which rises "a
fragrant flame." They have fruit and
flowers and wine set out before them,
and the girls recline about on cushions
in their college robes, - the Lady
Blanche's pupils in daffodil yellow and
the Lady Psyche's in pale lilac One of
the girls takes a harp and sings the
Bong, "Tears, idle tears," and then the
Prince sings, "O swallow, Bwallow, fly
ing, flying south." The grouping of
the college maidens was very graceful
and artistic. There were several wrong
guesses as to the origin of this scene,
one being that it was out of the comic
opera "Patience."
This scene was a very short one. It
represented Sir Lancelot du Lac
bringing the diamonds he has won In
tournament to Guinevere. He comes to
the Queen in a leafy bower, and, kneel
ing, gives her the Jewels with a beau
tiful lover's speech. She receives them
coldly and lays them down on the table
near her. .Answering him with a speech
of passionate jealousy, she ends by
seizing them again and throwing them
out of the window into the river. The
whole of her speech was not repeateri,
as In It she mentions Sir Lancelot by
name, and also Arthur, thus giving too
distinct a clew to her own identity.
There is an infinite variety of subjects
from the poets that are well known or
otherwise which lend themselves to this
sort of representation, and even some
of the best known are not so readily
guessed as one might imagine.
of the stage on the figure. A pale
blue light produces the proper ghostly
effect. This charade Is taken front
ecene 3 of act 6 of "King Richard
IIL"
of, but she must leave that day month.
'Scene II, "Tiff."— A pretty drawing
room or conservatory; a ybung girl and
her lover talking together. The girl is
jealous of some attentions she thinks
.the young man has been paying to an
other girl; she is very cross and pet
tish with him; then he also becomes
irritated, and they have a regular
quarrel. At last she says she is sure
they can never be happy together, and
she would rather break off the engage
ment. : The young man begs her not
to ruin both their lives for a tiff. He
h-3 some trouble in persuading her to
make it up, and at the end he says:
"It was nothing but a tiff, after all,
b; v 't frightened me."
Scene III (whole word), "Plaintiff.' —
A court of Justice. Judge In wig and
Thtre Is a pretty, new variation of
the old-fashioned Christmas charades.
In our young days the charade was a
Quite impromptu affair. The host or
hostess at a Christmas party suggested
charades, and the company forthwith
divided Itself into two parties — actors
end audience, the audience remaining
in the drawing-room while the actors
went out, and, on the spur of the mo
ment, selected a word, which they
then acted before the audience, using
*uch dresses and materials as came to
hand, and the audience were required
to guess the word acted before them.
A more picturesque and more elabor
ate effect is produced if the charades
ere rehearsed beforehand, the actors
#Tiosen and the dresses in character.
At one country house, instead of the
isual three or four syllable word of
three or more acts, part of a scene
from one of Shakespeare's plays was
flven by the actors; and all those In
the audience who eucceeded in guess
tig from which play the scene was
liken, and in giving the names of the
Itiaracters represented, received little
fcmvenir prizes, after the fashion of
Jte cotillon prizes. The first charade,
»s It may be called, ttfat was acted
9&s from "King Henry V" — that
fuaint little scene where Henry V tries
lo woo the French Princess Katherlne
in her own tongue and she tries to an
rwer him in English. There are only
three characters — King Henry, in his
warrior's dress, as he has come from
the battlefield, and with his crowned
helmet on his head; the Princess
Katherine, very tall and 6tately, in a
picturesque high sugar-loaf hat, with
a fine lace veil falling from it. and a
fourteenth century dress of rich bro
cade, trimmed with ermine, falling in
long folds about her feet. ,Ehe is at
tended by her maid of honor, Alice,
•who wears a little, tight-fitting cap,
and is somewhat older than her mis
tress. The scene is part of scene 2, act
f. of "King Henry V," when the French
King and Queen, the lords and ladies,
etc., have gone out and left these three
together, and begins, "Fair Katherlne
and most fair." A great par^t of
Henry's rather long speeches was cut
out, but the broken English of the two
ladles, and his rather rough French,
had a piquant effect, and the dresses
were charming.
Another scene was from the "Mer
chant of Venice," one that is rather
less well known than that where Portia
appears in her doctor's robes, which is
rather too obvious for guessing pur
poses. In this the curtain went up on
a room in Portia's house, where the
three caskets are kept, from which her
suiters are to choose. A fair and sra
cious Portia, a dark-skinned and gor
geous Prince of Morocco, with both
their trains of lords and ladies, were
the dramatis personae, and they gave
the ehort and animated scene 7 of act
2 of the play, in which the Prince of
Morocco, a suitor for the hand of Por
tia, stands before the three caskets of
gold, silver and lead and debates with
himself which is most likely to contain
a favorable answer to his Buit, finally
, choosing the golden casket. In which he
finds a Death's head, with the scroll.
gown. Counsel for plaintiff and de
fendant, clerk of the court, etc. The
plaintiff seeks to recover £10 damages
from the defendant for the loss of one
of her locks of hair, cut off by the
said defendant without the real and
actual consent of the lady. The case
as stated was that the two parties ba
came friendly, and the defendant, tak
ing advantage of the unusual amiabil
ity and graciousness of the lady, took
a pair of scissors and in play deprived
the said lady of one of her pretty and
valuable locks. Amusing examination
of witnesses follows. The Judge gives
the c-.se for the* plaintiff, and the court
applauds. .
"Penitent" is another good word for
a charade.
Scene I, "Penny."— A family of poor
people. Father, mother and several
children discovered talking. Torn, the
eldest boy. Is absent for the moment.
From the conversation It appears that
he has ! found a purse of money, has
heard of the owner, and is gone to
take it to him. The family talk a great
deal about his probable reward, mak
ing all sorts of extravagant guesses.
Soon Tom returns, and when they ask
him what he has received from the
gentleman who lost his purse he an
swers, "A penny — one whole' penny."
He is much disappointed and disgust
ed till one of his brothers suggests
that he can buy a penny-worth of nuts,
and then they can crack a few Jokes
over the "penny gentleman."
Scene II, "Tent."— A soldier's tent,
with an officer sitting inside, having
his breakfast; two or three soldiers
pass near the tent and there is a
sound of bugles. An orderly comes up
and cries: "Then they must strike the
tent at once. Bring some of the men
to do it." The orderly goes away and
comes back with a number of soldiers,
who proceed to strike the tent, the
officer giving them various directions
as to the tent. While they are fuss
ing about It, pulling at ropes and tak
ing out pegs, the curtain falls.
Scene III (whole word), "Penitent'
—A confessional. The priest'. Invis
ible Inside, the penitent kneeling out
side, sobbing and confessing. Sha
tells how she has decived her father
and mother and run away from home
with a man they disapproved of; but .
that she is now very penitent for her '
fault. The priest tells her that If In
deed she is penitent she will go back
to her father and mother and ask
their forgiveness and beg them to re
ceive her and her husband.
Some of the familiar fairy tales are
very siiccessful for children's parties,
acted in the same way as the more
classical scenes represented by the
"grown-ups," but with less elaborate
preparations. The story of the threa
bears excites wild merriment, and is
pretty generally recognized by all the
little guests. This, in the case of
children's parties, is rather desirable
than otherwise, as then no one is dis
appointed when the prizes are given
away. For thi3 little play the stags
ia arranged with three little heaps of
rugs in the background to represent
the bears* three beds; in the fore
ground are set three chairs of differ
ent sizes round a table laid with the
"biff plate," the "middle-sized plate"
and the "tiny little plate." The four
parts are acted by four children — one
little girl dressed in an ordinary pretty
frock, and three little boys of different
sizes for the three bears. They wear
masks like bears* heads and gray,
hairy dresses in the shape of combin
ations, that can either be hired from
a costumer or made at home. The
parts are much better spoken as well
as acted, but if the children are shy
they may be acted In dumb show. The
little girl comes in first and goes round
and sits in each of the three chairs in
turn; tastes the three plates of por
ridge on the table, and finally goes up
the stage and tries each of the three
beds, ending by falling asleep on one
of them. The screams of delight
which greet the entrance of the bear*
returning from their morning stroll
testify to the appreciation cf the
youthful audience.
"All that glitters is not gold." etc.
The apparition of the ghosts between
the tents of Richard III and Richmond
on the night before the battle of Bos-
I worth made an eerie and effective spec
tacle. It requires a large stage and
some skill in the management of lights
to produce a successful Illusion. The
stage was 60 arranged that only half of
each of the tents was visible, with the
, two occupants— Richard III and Rich
mond — asleep within them, the space
between being open for the apparition
' of the ghosts. First the ghost of Prince
Edward, son of Henry VI, rises be
tween the tents; then the ghoet of
Henry VI himself, followed by Clar
ence, the two young Princes killed in
the Tower, Queen Anne and others. To
produce the illusion of the apparition
the stage has to be completely dark
ened while the ghost takes his place be
tween the two tents, then a gradually
increasing light is thrown from the side
"Plaintiff" is a .very good word for
charades, and can be acted in several
ways.
Scene I, "Plain."— Servants suspect
ed of giving away food to their, friends
or to beggars. Cold Joints of meat,
eggs, mince pies, etc., | disappear mys
teriously. The master and mistress
have up the servants to the * sittipg
room In turn, and question them as to
the existence of an unusual number of
rats and mice In the larder or pantry,
and if they can give any dew to the
disappearance of the enumerated arti
cles. The cook talks a good deal about
being a good plain cook, and boasts of
having lived in high families as a plain
cook. At last the mistress discovers
that the cook has a friend to see her
rather frequently, and he occasionally
brings a bag with him, which does not
seem quite empty when he leaves. Cook
is closely questioned, and it becomes
"plain, too plain," wheje the missing
articles go. She begins to cry, and
says It Is very plain they all have a
Eplte against her. The mistress tells
her she has nothing else to complain
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL— CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
REAL GHOST STORIES
TOkD BY TIGHE HOPKINS
CHARADES FOR CHRISTMAS
28Deair sire, If i had tendelrs
i wod by some tois. I wont a
bide, and a blone i£ i can gitc
it and a airship to. I want «i
negr doll. I want a bat and a
ball and a story book. I want
a traine. I want a ring. I
want a follsfais.
BY TIGHE HOPKINS
REAL GHOST STORIES
"We are haunted by a headless nun;
I hoDe she r will not present herself to
you. The house, you know, was, a con-
vent in'the eighteenth century.", These
words » in a . letter from : my ; old .friend
Blackett. in vl tine . me for Christmas.
How Ions we* delved I know not. We
made some work for masons. All at
once I cried:
"The spade is being pulled from me!"
The next Instant I smote something
hard.
We drew out the little box from be
neath the hearth, air-tight seemingly.
The box had a glass lid, and we beheld
within It the exquisite head of a girl
of one or two and twenty. But the very
moment I raiaed the lid that beauty
melted into powder — Uke the down
blown from a thistle.
"The nun has gone too!" whispered
Mn. Blackett, glancing over her
shoulder. M8& UsSf
Mrs. Blackett. her back to tha ghostly
nun, said in a tone which blended relief
with agitation: "Yes, I know that siv?
is there. She was sitting with me on
the sofa, and has Just moved across to
the place where she always stands.
George will believe now!"
George, indeed, looked somewhat un
nerved, though to him it must have
seemed that his wife's gaze and mine
were bent on vacancy.
"Speak to her, Mrs. Graham!" Mrs.
Blackett said to me.
"It is useless. But I know what this
poor penitent craves. It is the head
that w^as cut from her shoulders; and,
what is more, the head is buried close
to where she stands."
"Dreadful!" from Mrs. Blackett.
"Remember," said I, in a ton©' as
matter-of-fact as I could summon,
"that we are in the presence of a trag
edy which may be 150 or 200 years old.
There is nothing here to harm any
one."
"But what do you propose to do?"
asked Blackett, who, albeit shaken, dis
played still a certain dubiety of man
ner.
"To do? To find the little sister b*»r
head!" I answered. "If we find It. r>»
sure that you will never see her again."
T next morning, taking the farmer
and *we wife In some part into our con
fidence, we made them accompany us
to the haunted room. The rose was still
there, every petal in tact. ' The ; : board
was raised with scarcely an effort by
the farmer and myself, and In a square
cavity beneath stood a small oaken
chest with metal clamps. We opened it
and found, heaped about a small and
elegant guitar, a mass of girlish trink
ets in antique settings and a long silken
purse stuffed with gold pieces.
It pleased Lydia to think that the
gentle ghost of some gentle damsel had
come in this way to the aid of the
farmer and his wife, who were indeed
in very sore straits. The gentle ghost,
its kindly end achieved, slept peace
fully; ; the haunted room was still
thenceforth.
She went straight to the i haunted
room, and as I held the light above her
head in the doorway we saw in the far
corner of the chamber the rose that had
melted under our gaze in the abbot's
parlor. As we stood,, and looked three
distinct knocks resounded from the
board on which the rose lay.
as we were mounting to the room we
had chosen, L'ydla said: "I am being
drawn and guided somewhere. Come
with me." - ¦ v *
"May we see the rooms?"
We were taken to view s n me fine,
airy chambers on the first floor. "And
the upper floor?" said Lydia, Reluct
antly, the girl led us higher. On the
threshold of a room at one end of the
corridor Lydia paused and said: "This
is the haunted room." Our conductress,
crimsoning, answered astonishedly:
"Yes, madam." She added: "The place
was an abbey once, and after that a
manor house. There Is a story about
the manor house, but we do not know
It."
"Well?" said L
"We will stay here to-night," an
swered Lydia.
So It was that we found ourselves at
supper, Lydia and I, In . the abbot's
parlor, which had been later my lady's
boudoir, and was now a very simple,
low-roofed chamber, with a chintz
covered settle under the trelllaed win
dow, where roses hungr. On* of these
roses Lydia had plucked and fastened
in her dress.
Our homely cloth was removed by the
handsome girl and we were again alone.
A sudden, startled exclamation drew
my eyes to Lydia. The rose in the
bosom of her dress was being slowly
detached by hands Invisible. The same
imperceptible doer carried the flower
before our eyes to about the middle
of the room; there it hung a moment in
the air— and vanished. It had not fall
en to the floor, nor had the petals dis
solved; the rose simply went out In
epace, as It were, we watching.
Lydia stood up. "I think," she said,
quietly, "it was some one who wanted
me to follow. This Is a, very gentle
ghost"
But there was nothing more until we
went upstairs for the night. Then,
The handsome girl who had let us in
teemed scarcely to have caught the
words, but Ehe looked a little doubtful
ly at both of us, without speaking.
"Tell me." asked Lydia of her, "Is
not your house haunted?"
The handsome girl hesitated.
"I am not at all afraid of srhosts,"
urged Lydia.
'There are noises in the upper rooms,
madam," answered the girL "We never
use them."
We were admitted to the hall, and al
most immediately Lydia, turning to
me. said in a half-whisper: "This place
is haunted."
The tenant of the farm had adver
tised rooms to let— the object of our
quest. A little red-cheeked girl, riding
pillion on a donkey, with panniers
elung In front of her, pointed us to the
park, beyond which lay the farm
house, an abbey once. Evening was
coming on — a dusky, warm September
evening— and, as all the neighborhood
was strange to us, we imagined we
were pilgrims seeking the abbot's hos
pitality, Lydia and L
ComlnK near, I saw the remains of
the cloister, and it was not too difficult
to raise uo in fancy the divers build
ings that trust anciently have stood
within the walls: the abbot's own
lodging, the great refectory, the al
morry, the buttery, the brewhouse and
bakehouse, etc. But most of these had
quite vanished, and what remained
had been converted to the uses of a
modern farmhouse.
We left the station, and asked our
way to the farm, Lydia and L The
cottages cf the village, beautifully
thatched, were scattered irregularly:
the place had an ancient and happy
air.
TBere stood the ghost in her nun's
habit as she lived and died, headless,
her hands folded on her boaom.
"Look where she stands!" I said, as
Blackett threw open the door.
;I was absolutely certain that in the
drawing-room I should see the head
less nun standing to the right of the
mantelpiece.
" "Her head, presumably." And It was
some sort of admonition, a kind of
whisper in the middle of my own head,
. that prompted me to say it.
"We haven't got it, you know," ob
served Blackett. 4
"I wonder' how the poor lady came
to part with it? Saints above! I should
not like to have to account for all the
tragedies of convents. There are peo
ple, certain sensitives, who will take
in their hands a piece of ancient wood
or a fragment of old stone and read
yqn off the history of persons con
nected with that relic centuries back
In the , world. Was there some Hamlet
in this story, who drove this poor nun
to her nunnery, and was responsible
for her cruel death?" \~
"I am afraid," observed Blackett,
"we cannot gratify you with her his
tory. It passed with the convent."
•'Let us go to the drawlng'-room."
"You never will," he returned. "As
a good nun, she keeps from men. She
has shown herself to no one except my
wife and daughter, and- it Is only In
the drawing-room she appears."
''Does she communicate?"
"She is headless, . you know. We
don't expect her to talk. She does not
even carry her head under her arm,
like St. Denis. She simply stands to
the right of the mantelpiece with her
arms crossed on her breast."
"Well," said I, "the ghost never yet
walked that had not some errand to
fulfill. This nun wants something, and
appeals to your wife and daughter."
"What should she want?"
pricked in me that curiosity which ever
goes out to *he things that pass my
understanding.
"I have not. seen her yet," I said,
sitting with Blackett over the dining
room fire on the second evening of my
visit.
Ten dollars would be of a great value
to me, because I could buy these books
I would save it to Christmas and buy
a suit of clothes to wear for Christmas
and I would like to buy a brake wagon
also for Christmas. If I had any
I would buy books about history of
different nations. I would like to know
If $10 were given to me I would buy
mamma something nice; Mabel, my sis
ter, a trunk to keep her dolls' clothes
in. I would also give a doll to each
of my playmates, because I think they
like dolls better than any other play
toys. I must not forget Mrs. Fox,
after she has been bo nice to me. I
•would rive her a nice cup and saucer
and each cf the ladles a nice Christ
mas card. Then If enough money was
left I would buy myself a manicure set
end a writing desk and some books. 1
thick that would spend all the money
but about CO cents. That money would
buy something else some other time.
iJ I BESSIE LEE.
• • •
Would Buy Geographies.
If I had $10 I would not spend It for
things that are of no use to me, but I
¦would epend It for things that will help
me out in my studies. I would buy
booka asd other necessaries to help me
alcrg. When I grow up I want to be
somebody In this world and do things
to help my fellowmen and my country.
With $10 I would buy some books In
geography because I would like to
know all about the world and its in
habitants, its plants and trees and its
countries.
If I h&d $10 I would buy a box of
candy that costs 25 cents. And then I
would buy a little wagon and a pearl
handled knife and a top and ¦ do* ef
shoes and a coat and all the ciuaes
I need. And I would get a mouth or
cr. and some marbles and a whistle
and gone school books and last of all
I would want a gold. ring.
CHARLIE ZUCKERMAN.
• • •
Would Play Santa Onus.
Beeing that I have some money over
I would buy my sister and brothers
each a n!c« Christmas present. Know-
Ing that my mother wouldn't want me
to epend my money on her, so I may
Just as well buy a few toys.
MARY BRAUNSTEIN.
a • •
Candy First — Toys Next.
Then X would send clothes and maga
alnes to the poor people that have lep
rosy. The bufldlsg is situated out of
the city limits of Sen Francisco all by
Itself.
Now, I'm sure that it would be nec
essary to buy a few things that I need,
for I don't like to depend too much
oa the asylum. For X know that when
X have the money I may Just as well
znake use of It.
At the age that I am now. had I $10
n xny own hand I would first think
et my mother, but as long as she
doesn't need the money I would buy
scrr.t bocks.
Buy Presents for Mother.
If I got $10 I would put some In
the poor box and give the rest to my
papa, who is sick and not able to
work for a long time. If I had more
I would buy stockings for my cousins.
& nice waist for my auntie and a dress
and shoes and stockings for myself.
NONIE O'SULLIVAN.
Give to the Poor.
If I had $10 X would buy a big doll
and buggy and some pretty goods to
make my doll some dresses.
I would buy a work basket with
needles, thread and thimble. I next
would buy a set of dishes to play
house with.
I then would buy 'myself tomt hair
ribbons and handkerchiefs and some
candy. I'd like to buy a ring and a
trunk to keep my dolls' clothes In;
and a- story book, as I love to read.
ELIZABETH KOVARIK.
Doll and a Buggy.
If I was given $10 to spend for
Christmas I would buy for the matron
a tea set, $2 75; for my big sister Tes-
Ble an evening wrapper, $2 85; a sil
ver set, $2 75; for my father a nice,
neat necktie, 90 cents, and my sis
ters Annie and Alice some handker
chiefs, 40 cents: hair ribbons, 25
cents; for my nephew a rattle, 10
cents. I have a comfortable home, a
nice warm bed to sleep In, healthy
food to eat and everything any one
wants.
There are lots and lots of poor chil
dren who will not have the pleasure
we will have on Christmas.
JENNIE MILLER.
Aged 12 years. A sixth grade, Mis
sion Grammar School.
Teaset for the Matron.
If I had $10 to spend &V my own way
I would first of all buy my mother a
nice pair of warm slippers and a shawl.
Next I would buy my sister a bottle of
violet perfume and pome nice handker
chiefs. Then I would buy a good many
Christmas cards and distribute them
among my little friends. Last of all I
would buy myself the book of "Rose in
Bloom." which I have longed for for a
long time. IRENE JONES.
Slippers and Shawl for Mother.
If I had HO the first thing I'd do I
would put (3 in the bank. I have two
brothers, and for Christmas presents
I would give them each BO cents. If I
had a friend whom I knew and loved
well I would give my friend 50 % cent3.
For my mother I would buy a brush
and comb for E0 cents. As Christmas
Is coming on I'd buy for myself a story
book for SO cents, a football for 75 cents
and a gam* for 25 cents. With the rest
of the money I would buy a new hat
and a pair of gloves. So you see what
I would do if I had $10.
WALTER MUELLER.
more- money I wonld buy a bicycte
and also a nice little doll for my sister
to play with for Christmas.
JOHN BROWN.
Put Money In the Bank.
Bolt of Clothes and a Wagon.
Bow X would like $101 If X had $1»
. ¦ -
and then X would know a great deal
MATTHIAS VIDAVER,
•¦•*• ¦:•¦:.• ;v* '•-
Grab Bag .of Good Things.
If I had $10 all my own I would so
downtown and I would buy a doll, ball,
buggy, a box of handkerchiefs, a rib
bon and a set of dishes, a hat, a dress,
some pictures, a doll's bed. a cap* and
some beads, a ring, and book, and I
would give my mother and sisters and
brother each SO cents and I would buy
some Christmas presents and fir* them
to some -other children. X would buy
son* Christine* cards and dolls and
give them for Christmas. X would buy
a doll or a book for Christmas.
ESTELLA SCHENK.
I would buy books about great au
thors, poets and wise men, because to
know the sayings of wise people helps
to educate a person.
I am very eager to learn about the.
world and I would like to know every
thing: that is possible for me to know.
I would not only buy books on ereog
raphy, history, arithmetic and such
things, but books that teach me how
to be strong and how to defend myself.
I would spend that $10 on my educa
tion, because I wish to be smart.
I want to be a man like President
Lincoln, like Thomas Jefferson, llk«
Benjamin Franklin; therefore, that is
the reason why I am eager to buy
books if I had $10.
the events which happened in foreign
lands and in my own country. I would
like to know about the. wars that hap
pened b 'tween the different nations of
the earth.
What would you do rvith $10?
Doesn't gv very far, you think? No,
as the price of Christmas presents goes
these last few years $10 is not such
a very large sum. But lo these poor
little orphans — ah! — what wonderful
things might not be done with that
amount. Read below and see for
yourself if you could get any greater
pleasure cut of the expenditure of
such a sum. Some of the letters are
amusing — some are truly pathetic.
Certainly all are tremendously inter
esting.
TO the average Christinas chop
per of even moderate circum
stances $10 will not seem such a
very big sum this year, but to a
whole host of little ones in this city
it is a pri.icely sura that almost beg
gars the imagination and taxes their
ingenuity to spend it alL -
Would Buy Airship
THE SAN FRANOSCO SUNDAY'- GATJ —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
CHARLES ROARK.
WHAT I WOULD DO IF I HAD TEN DOLLARS?
29As- the season when the Nativity oc
curred was so uncertain, it naturally
follows that many . of the popular ideas
about the birth of Christ are erroneous,
due not a little, no doubt, to the fact
that the numerous painters of the Na
tivity have each sought to depicture the
scene as though it had occurred in their
country under, conditions that prevail
in December in the various parts of Eu
rope ; at that Eeason of the year. Thus
we I have \ pictures ."of " the !: Holy Family
under a shed . that , looks not unlike a
California" co wbarn, r open on all sides ;
we have pictures of a stable set up
against the side of a hill, and, if it is a
northern artist, we have almost invari
ably snow on the roof, oblivious of the
fact that there Is no snow in . Palestine,
¦ and ' that winter ; is the • rainy season
there;;" indeed, one .of the chief argu
ments advanced against the date of De-
which Christ was born. In tha East
January ,6 seems to have been the
most_ popular date, , but in different
place's and according to different au
thorities, Christmas has been celebra
ted in every month in the year; in July
and August as well as January, March
and December, and even In the same
month it was celebrated on different
days, and, indeed, as late as 1644 the
English Parliament abolished tha
Christmas festival, declaring that.it
was well known that Christ was born,
not in December, but in September or
October.'
The facts are that when Joseph and
Mary arrived at Bethlehem they found
the inn so crowded .that they could get
no accommodations, and as they must
have been. very poor they wandered out
to the suburbs, of the town looking for
a place to pass the " night. They : saw v
the stable and, probably attracted by
the hay and straw, went In to pass the
night; the' manger was hewn out of
the solid rock, and as It, presumably,
was filled with hay when: the child .was
born It was naturally laid there, aa the
most { convenient 'crib, by ,tho mother.
The only ( occupants of the stable be
sides Joseph and Mary were an ox and
an ass, or as we would say in Califor
nia, a burro; and It .was for years an
English superstition that all over" the
world oxen and. asses" went on . their
knees = at midnight Christmas.
To-day the site of -the stable is oc
cupied by a magnificent church erected
by the Empress Helena, the mother of
the ; Emperor Constantlne.' The "church
is in the shape of a cross.. The "nave .Is
ornamented ". by forty-eight • columns,
each eighteen feet high. The roof was
cember 25 for Christmas was that that
time in the Holy Land Js. the rainy sea
son and it is not llkerjrjthat the shep
herds could be out on the hills tending
their flocks In the rain, or that the au
thorities would have. selected such .an
unfavorable time of the year to oblige
the people to travel to the places of en
rollment.
Nazareth, into Judea to the city of
David, which is called Bethlehem, be
cause he was of the house and family
of David, to be enrolled with Mary, his
espoused wife, who was -with child."
That, apparently, is clear enough, if
the date of a census ordered by Augus
tus and taken Cyrenius can be ascer
tained; but unfortunately there , were
three censuses ordered by the Emperor,
the data for which from Syria" was pre
pared and collected by Cyrenius.
Naturally, the first Christians con
tinued to fix their „ dates, as they had
been accustomed to do before the birth
of Christ, counting, if Jews, from the
Creation; if Romans, from the found
ing of their city; If Greeks by Olym
piads, and for five centuries there were
no Annos Domini; then Dionysis Exi
guus, a Roman abbot. Invented the
present style and by. an elaborate^ sys
tem of calculation placed the birth of
Christ in the ,year 764 of Rome and
the fourth year of the 194th Olympiad,
1903 years ago.'
Dionysis reached his conclusion by
fixing the data of the crucifixion, . and
counting back r thirty- three years, that
being the age of ; Christ, but; subse
quent ; commentators have shown that
he made an error of some four years
and that ' he should : have . begun the
Christian era that much sooner.
> But the -; question as - to , the", exact
year ¦? was trifling "compared to the
question of the month and day upon
MOST of the good people who
will go to church on Christ
mas day would tell you, if
you asked them, that they
were celebrating the 1903d anniversary
of the birth of Christ, yet the facts are
that they are undoubtedly several
years wrong in the number of years
they suppose to have elapsed since
the advent of the Redeemer, and are
probaBly no more accurate when they
suppose him to have been born on De
cember 25.
Prom the best and most authoritative
sources it seems likely that Christ was
really born in the year B. C. 5, and that
dating the Christian era from the first
day of the following January this
should be the year 1907 Anno Domini,
and not the year 1903.
Both profane and sacred history* tell
us that the Emperor Augustus ordered
a census of . the Roman Empire, and
that for the purpose of enrollment all
the inhabitants were directed to go to
the~dty or town to which they or their
families belonged. That is why Joseph
and Mary went to Bethlehem, and why
that little village. Instead of Nazareth,
was the birthplace of Christ. For the
Bible says (Luke " II, 1-4): "A decree
went forth from Augustus Caesar that
the whole world should be enrolled.
And all went to be enrolled, every one
Into his own city. And Joseph . also
went up from Galilee, from the city of
originally covered with lead, but this
was torn off by the Turks and melted
Into bullets; lately, however. It ha«
been replaced. Owing to the endless
warring of the Greek and Latin Christ
ians over the holy places of Palestine
all the principal churches are divided
between them, the Church of tha Na
tivity among the rest. The Armenian
Catholics, who are united to tha Roman
church, have the nave, while the Greeks
control the arms and upper part of the
cross or choir, a wall separating the
nave from the rest of the church. In
the sanctuary or choir is an altar dedi
cated to the s wise kings or magi, and
right in front of it ia a large marble
star set in. the floor. It ia a tradition
that the star of Bethlehem stopped over
this point; at any rate the birth of
Christ took place directly under it In
the grotto below, which is the stable
where Joseph and Mary sought shelter.
You descend in the grotto down fif
teen steps by a spiral staircase. The
stable is thirty-seven and a half feet
long by eleven wide and nine high. It
is hewn out of solid rock and its sides
are covered with costly marble." There
is no natural light, but the place is
lumlnated by thirty-two lamps of won
derful design, presents from various
European Princes. The lamps are kept
continually burning.
' At the farther end of the grotto, on
the east side, is the place of the birth
of the Savior, marked by a marble slab.
DISPUTED QUESTION OF EXACT DAY OF SAVIOR'S BIRTH
in the hurry of the mid-day maal may
not notice that you are buttering great
slices of bread every time you want a
piece.
That Isn't considered nice these day*.
If you haven't a small plate that serves
both for bread and butter, take the
bread and break it into bits with one
hand. Not like the small boy whose
mother told him it wasn't nice to but
ter a whole ellce, but a little piece at
a time. He thought the proposition
over carefully and planned to surprise
her at dinner. When she was busy
serving vegetables, he took a piece of
bread, laid it on the table and care
fully cut it into squares, about sixteen.
Then he buttered each one and lined
them up in a straight row and leaned
back, perfectly satisfied with his work.
It goes without . saying that ha sur
prised his mother, but don't plan to do
like wine. That Is even worse- than but
tering tha slice. Break off a bit when
you want it, but don't crumble into
small pieces, for that *iv«s the table
an untidy appearance.
If I were a small bey or «lrl I
should feel positively Insulted to have
Watch your knife and fork with all
your eyes, for ft is so easy to grasp
hold of the handle too far down if the
chop is hard to manage. After a sec-,
ond or two down gores your head and
out fly your arms and you look for all
the world as though you were intent
on killing snakes instead of cutting
meat
Probably at some time or other you
have seen laborers eating in a great
hurry. They pile up a quantity of meat
and potato on a thin fork, place it di
rectly in front of their mcuths and
then let their arms shoot forward like
a ramrod out of a gun. Pleasant, clean
ly table manners add a great deal to tho
enjoyment of a meal among people of
refinement, and to many the lack of It Is
infinitely worse than badly cooked or
badly served food. '
You certainly aren't enough of a
baby to need your mother's weather
eye on you all the time. She may be
busy with her guest or planning some
of the thousand and one household du
ties that fall upon her shoulders, and
Christmas dinner* are Jttrt so r?»Try
goodies and It's hard te wait potions*
ly sometimes, but there again oemaa
In your training. You dost iayjioea
for an Instant that father wvaUtnA
off to tha dining-room and sit and de*
vour tha pretty things with his eye*
do you? And you dont t>i<w\ that he
would get off Into a corner and uk
in a great, big stage whisper. "Wbail
dinner be ready? r*m so hungry."
I'm afraid ha wouldn't be brrtt*4
more than once, for even If you arc
nearly famished it Isn't polite to rosla
your hostess. She's quite as axxxloaf
to have dinner on time aa you are and
the least delay causes her untold us*
lety.
It has always beea mere er bes fl
mystery to me to know Just why bay*
fight so against going to *«»w*ngj
school. You all maka a systematlo
business of getting homo from play
a little late; it takes twice as leas t«
get dressed and then if there la a con
venient puddle you seem to take at
particular delight in seeing how muabj
muddy water you can splash on your*
selves.
But. you sea. If you have been ta tha
habit of dan cine: you wouldn't feel the
least bit bashful or awkward when you
march Into the dining-room, and evea
after you are seated you won't feel a*>
though the cat had your tongue and 4
wouldn't Klve It back. Look at Harry
Rothschild. Josephine Lindsay and lit
tle Gordon and Sophie Osborn, for in
stance. They didn't even give it a seo
ond thourht. but sat up Ilka well brad
little gentlemen and ladles.
You know, or at least you oujfct te
if you don't, that since the year one the
dally meals, eaten in company with
others, have been social as. well as gas
tronomic functions and that no matter
how busy you may be yoi will always
have to find time to eat, and tha sooner
you learn how to do it nicely without
awkwardness or embarrassment the
better for you, for let me tell you right
here that nothing is more difficult to
uproot when you are grown than little
careless habits formed at tha table In
babyhood.
Of course, everywhere you go you are
bound to find some boys and girls that
are greedy, but even If you are espe
cially fond of icecream or plum pudding
don't look at your neighbor's dish with
-envious eves to see if by any hook or
crook she has more than you have,
That Is so ill-mannered. And Just re
member one little thing about It: Prob
ably your eyes are a great deal bigger
than your stomach, and even if you
had been given more you couldn't have
gotten away with It.
Don't be In too much of a hurry to
get to the Christmas tree. Always take
plenty ot time to -?. for when you
are invited out to dine- you are not ex
pected to bolt your food and run- Be-_f
tween courses sit back leTiurely as yot^
think the President of the United
States might: and, by the wav If you
try to pattern after the first lady and
first gentleman in the land you -can't
go far wrong, and for all you know
you mieht be called upon to take bis
or her place some *".y.
A napkin spread orer &• eleth at my
place. It U entirely teo suggestive of
the small mnimai* m the bade yard
that eat from a trough and I'd
straightway show tha family that ha
was no friend er even a passing ac
quaintance of mine. And ifs the same
with the bib. Yes. It's all very well
and good to declare that you don't
wear a bib and haven't used one for
the past three years, but pray tell
what Is the napkin that finds Its way
around your neck so often, especially
when yon have your best 8unday-go
to-meetlng clothes en? It looks
strangely Ilka a bib to the uninitiated.
There Isn't any rhyme or reason for
It so far as I can sea. for you most
certainly aren't a baby and 1*11 war
rant tan to ona you'd be madder thin
a wet hen at the mere idea and be
willing to fight it out In the back
yard.
If you were Invited te a CSurtrtma*
dinner and tree wouldn't you be wild
to go? Wall. I wonder. You'd pet
•o excited over It en tha aTautful day
that you couldn't aat nor Bleep, just
trail about tha house bothering math
er to know If tt want time te get
dressed.
Of course, if you are going ot sidle
Into the room, hang your head and
scrape your toes into the rugs, she'll
be more than likely to think* you grew
on a tree in the hills, but if you run
'downstairs and very frankly shake
bands with her she'll probably think to
herself: "What a manly chap Tom is.
I'd like George to be like him," and
then you just see if there aren't good
times coming.
Of cpurse. after that if you hold your
elbows out and flourish, your arms
around like windmills she'll change her
mind, and she most certainly ought to,
for there isn't one thing that looks
quite as commonplace or as careless.
Don't lounge in your chair either. Sit
up. for you aren't a Turk, and conse
quently there isn't the least shadow of
an excuse for lying down. Besides the
meal never is long enough to tire you
out completely.
Every one can tell a little lafly or
¦rentlexnan as far as they can see them,
but there Isn't any one place that
marks them as distinctly as at the
table. If you don't believe It Just
watch yourself.
True, it isn't much fun being
dragged from the highest limb in the
cherry tree to luncheon, particularly
when there are guests, but as long as
It has to be done, it's a rattling good
scheme to do it as cheerfuly and
Quickly as possible. You see that
means the trying ordeal will be over
Just that much sooner and may be
you can beat Johnny and get the best
•eat after all.
There's one thing that should al
ways be done*before you present your
self at the table. Climbing trees and
shlnnying over back fences somehow
or other doesn't seem to make your
hands especially clean of your blouse,
either, for that matter. So run right
along to your own room and have an
animated cleaning-up bee. Ifs an
awful nuisance. I know, but suppos
ing Mrs. Guest should take a fancy to
you "and tnvite you to the theater on
Saturday with her own 'children,
wouldn't that be fine and daisy?
Haven't you seen the boy or girl
that never can be quiet a single mo
ment? Xot one? Well, I have, and I
positively heard one chap's father
offer him 60 cents if he would sit
on a chair and not move for five
minutes. Of course, he didn't win it,
for he was eternally and forever into
everything, and he couldn't help wrig
gling to save his life.
That may sound awfully easy to you,
and it might be if you were ever in
the habit of reading or even playing
doll, but if you spend your time fall
ing up and down the stairs and try
ing to see how much noise and dis
turbance you can create, I am awfully
alraid you could not win the 50 cents
either.
But I do mean to behave yourself
in such a fashion that your neighbor*
won't feel sorry to see you coming.
Don't be such a nuisance. They're
too trying for anything, and besides
you can't imagine how much fun it
bars you from.
And wouldn't you be ashamed and
wouldn't your mother feel hurt if you
could look into your friend's home
and watch" her rushing about picking
up dainty roses costly bric-a-brac
before she answered the bell. And
the uncomfortable part of it is she
wouldn't do it unless you had handled
everything in sight and kept her con
stantly in hot water for fear you
might break her pretty things.
/ I running^ mate, Mr. Man. play
M the part of really, truly
grown-up people at Christmas
- time and Bee what a heap more
fan you'll have. Don't be scared the
first rattle out of the box and Imagine
tor a single instant that I mean you
are to sit in solemn state all day long
and nee how sorrowful and meek you
can be. for that wouldn't be the least
bit nice, and ten to one you'd only
Bucceed in having the entire family at
your heels with all sorts and descrip
tions of nasty tasting: medicine?, for
they'd be sure to think that you were
terribly ill. For Christmas is the
day of days.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU. —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
ETIQUETTE FOR CHILDREN AT THE
CHRISTMAS DINNER£ * -> !5» NCLE TOM'S CABIN was given last week by ihi Ul
«c^x. ent of Pumpkinton
«^\ And the audience wept and laughed in turn ak ; the
*JJj£vJ*«£ pathos and the fun.
"^3*^^^ Aside from a hitch or two, my sweets, the play went
with c snap.
The only delay resulting when old Crookneck toe* a nap. .
The mii^ger cast the characters well, and he got such hearty praise
That he vrlll be a hero great to the end of his earthly days.
Grardpa Prune was manager, with Shakespeare Plum as aid.
And both worked just as hzzi as though they'd been most liberally paid.
The part cf Uncle Tom was played by Dill Pickle, sedate and sour, '
And all the critics said he was quite the lien of the hour.
Pat Potato tock the part of little Eva dear,
And when he tripped before the crowd he got a mighty cheer.
He was lovely in his pinafore and ribbons bright and gay,
And his voice was quite as mellcw as the sun of a burning day.
When he sat en the knee cf Uncle Tom end heard tic wondrous story
The critics said he tras £ t the height of bis well-earned glory.
The part cf prying Lawyer Marks, who bid the sale of slaves.
Was taken by Mr. Crookneck Squash; who brought to time the knaves.
Crcokreck was very funny as he tripped about the stage.
The part of heartless Simon Legree was played by Pippin green,
And when he whipped poor Uncle Tom he was hissed for being mean.
The sweet and lovable Nellis Pearl, in a dress all tattered and torn.
Took the part of poor Eliza, who was of all gappiness shorn.
When she crossed the river of tumbling ice, pursued by hungry hounds,
Jhe tadleoc© yefletl "Wcoctren.TJarfl i2pr tcfl wished her safer
grounds.
OH Onion played young Harris, tad he ably filled the part,
Asd Johnny Gherkin was the babe— the prlds of Eliza's heart.
The most touching scene of all, my dean, was the tableau at the close,
When little Eva left the earth and to the demds arose.
Tears filled almost every eye and voices choked with sadness.
But there was joy when old Legree was punished for his badness.
After the final curtain fell some rascal cut the string
Which heid sweet Eva ia the air — too dear for anything.
"Poor Potato dropped down to the stage and sprained his wrist and knee.
Bat in his rage he jumped about like a squirrel in a nut-fiHed tree.
"Show me the one that cut the string," he roared in threatening tone, .
"And 111 provide a vacant chair in some one's happy homer
His blood was as hot as it could be and fire flashed from his eyes, '
And everybody on the stage was filled with great surprise
Manager Prune said he would give a reward of a dollar or two
For detection of the scamp who put Potato in such a stew.
But after Pat had cooled somewhat all talked about the play .
And decided to give "Hamlet" on some not distant day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL. — CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
THE
WONDERFUL KINGDOM
OF WONDERFUL THINGS
31
Uncle Tom has invited his little nephews, Snowball
nd Sindy, to spend Christmas with h-i-ru He hin:
e!f escorts them frora the station.
Uncle presided at the head cf the dinner tab!e and is
"delighted to see them enjoying themselves so heart!!/.
Uncle Tom is in a merry mood and the trio dance an
Irish jig.
Then Uncle tells them a weird ghost stcry 2"d sud
denly prodnces a madi-ep ghost- The two kittens are
nearly terrified oat of their senses until they ree Uncle's
smiling face behind it.
snjrzaated trr series cocrxlrftted. 1903. by the National Pressf~y IIRISTMAS PRESENTS, CHUIST3IAS TOYS, CHRISTMAS NOVELTIES, CHRISTMAS STRFlttSSB,
V ( f -Mechanical G un boa t£ that actually' w brk, 3Iuslcal Tops, Cannon Bean Shooters, Magnetic Fish Pcod,
AM Shooting Bubble Blowers that blow a bubble %vlthln a bubble— think of that. Those are tnepriMa
for the luclvy winners this week. ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY OF THEM and TWENTY DIFFEH
¦ ENT PHIZES to choose from. Isn't Uiat simply dandy? Truly Santa Claus ncrer did anythlns more «x
' 'citing than the Puzzle Editor is offering you tills week. Just look at the list below. No Christmas t*e«
ever was loaded,™ ith finer gifts. They are all new— all novel and you couldn't buy them In the stores
for ten tLnes" what It will edst you to win one of them in the Sunday Call Puzzle Contest. So now Is
your chance. And just thtokofviliefujj you can have with any one of them. Why, that Butterfly Game,
.or Conette, or "Kan-U-Katch/?. or any of those new things are more exciting than anything you ever
heard of. And they have all bicen specially selected for the priae winners on this page. So wako op,
' children. , " , ; , '
Now remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but ret yoc*
picture published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize winners from now on to send tn thetr
pictures— the whole 150 every; week if possible' Begin right now. Don't wait. Tlie more the merrier,
\ There can't be too many. But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
Each of the Nine Pictures, in this, the Third contest of the Sixth Series, represents a different
Planet. Can you guess? Ah! \. There is a rich reward for you if you cnn.
And now listen carefully: THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this is what
you must do to win one of them: ; . ¦ " . .
Find the names of Nine Different 'Planets represented by tha 6mall Puzzle Pictures on this pase,
and write them out In full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for the pur
pose in the; coupon on tills page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and address and the
prize you desire— if you win— <uid send the picture, with tho coupon attached, to the EDITOB OF THE
' NA3IE PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, Ban Francisco. Cal. : B9
RE3IEMPET6— To the FIRST ONE HUNDHED AND FTFTT BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the Nina
Name Puzzles correctly, ¦¦'bae of these ONE>IIUNpRED AXD. FIFTY BEAUTIFUIi PRIZES win be
•warded. '
And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWERS. 3IUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete.
Read* eTerything"on this page, to be sure that you overlook. nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF THE -LUCKY WINNERS WILL- BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
> FROM;TO-DAY,:;January;s.'r-;..-. Vl -,;"- ;••]> >-¦¦••..--; '^.^{z^ %?$£} •'. V S ..: .' ; > ' •¦.--¦ .
> .. . These , are the TWEJITY v JBEAJUTJLt'lJIi -PRIZES ttoxxi which you. may choose if you solve all the
pnxxles correctly : /_ Featherweight Rubber Ball,' Ciirved^Huntln« Horn; Junior } Printing House, Cannon
Bean Shooter, two kinds of Bubble Blowers (you trt both if you win)— -the bubble within bubble and the
Bubble Shooter, game of Nationalities, 'Dressed Doll, ttaa-U-K*tch, machnnfcul Gunboat, Harmonica,
PimoOoal Telephone f or long distance itolMns, Musical Topa, Magnetic Grab Bag. Butterfly Game, XS^m
Crasacd Dofl w&b Bloephag E^tA Doulcoy Party Gaaa, Vt&m DaOi Oqactta, tsttai* is tlia aewect tMnc o«s«
Hffaijiafln ITiiirTisiiiitm'TnTSi TTurafni ' TTnTT .
:¦¦ v' WF,o Car) ,-S©T.v.e th^ss -.pUzsT^S-
CHRISTMAS TOYS FOR PRIZES
AXyve Delahanty. m CFarrtn strWt,
[Bah Francisco; Marguerite Kommer, 4
Miles court.- Baa Francisco; Bevts Cro-
Eier, 901 Stanyan 'street, San Frandsoo;
Lois Hillmun, 804 East Washington
street, Stockton; Glady* Johnson, 448
Pacific -avenue, Santa Crux; Eva
Strombers, Mount Eden; Carlyle Buck
ner, 3621 Twentieth- street. Fan Fran
cisco; T. Netlan'd. 1322 Harri3on street.
Oakland; Meade Gaines, Richmond;
' Hazel Gano, Paso Robles; Qretta Camp
bell." Mountain View; -Claude Songer,
1222 East Oak street Stockton; L«o
Herman, 1130 Vollejo street, San Fran
cisco; Lucy Marshall. 312 Montcalm
street. 8an Francisco:, Henry Whipple-,
Fort Bragff; Gertrude Edwards. Grass
Valley; Ada Battersby, .Falrfleld; Eli
nor. Carr, 424 K street, -Sacramento;
Ruth Rimmer," 622 North ."tJhlon street,
Stockton; Tessle Hotist6n,'©yron; Earl
Glaze, 617 E. Twelfth street, Oakland;
Fred Delge, 3740 Twenty-flfth street,
San Francisco; Leslie Vogrelfesang,
Stockton; Earl Brownlie, 744 York
street, Vallejo; B, Swlnnerton, San Luis
Obiepo; Leo Alexander,' 327 Larkln
street, San Francisco; . Laura Rlcd,
805 South' Sutter'.vBtreet,.. Stockton;
Francis .Hood. Fruitvals; Blanche
Brown. Mendoclno; "Willie Irwin,
Marysvllle; Winie .Sympson, 'Pacific
Grove; Elizabeth Hawes, Fresno; Al
fred Jones, 1223 Clayton street, San
Francisco; R. Girvln, -2293 Sacramento
street, San FrancisjSoV. Llllle Shannon.
« K10 Clayton street, San Francisco; A. S.
. Mason,' Edna; Nellie Gill, Salinas; L.
Anthony, Orovllle;* James Kirkpatrick,
Suisun;. C. Allendorf, * 227 Hartford
street, San Francisco: Charles L. Mix.
Burlingam?: Earl, Ballantyne, San
Jose'; Ada.Nudd, Dixon; .Earle Vail,
Jlonc.Ut; Robert Wagner, 1021 South
Commerce *>treet, Stockton; Evalyn
Loudoii. -21 Clark street, San Rafael;
Elma Klmball. 3027 Sacramento street.
San. Francisco; Clayton "Fletcher, 335
Jessie street. San Francisco; Genevieve
Boardman, Nevada City; Bee Dudley!
Dixon; Lowell Entler, 1828 South Flow
er street. Los Angeles: Anna Paul,
Suisun; Echo RWcnour, Reno, Nev.;;
Clarence Dow, Lodi; J^llllan Toedt, 1657
Adeline street, Oakland; Myrtle Raj-
Biwia, tsa Km* stout, .RasSL Beriba.
lay; Annl* Norton. 1113% - C*!ii»rala
¦trect. San Francisco; Lcsll* Cnmjp,
141 Hancock street. San Traedaos;
May Andanon. 921 MlnnMota ' atimmt,
San Francisco; Alpha Zlrkla, in i Loa.
lsa street, Berkeley; Berth* Hu*«y. B3
Hayes street. Ban Francisco; Ptt*r
Williams, Sll Eddy street. San Fran
cisco; Adela Badarous, 104 Raker strc«t.
San Franciaco; R. M. Jeffers. 2SC3 Tol
10m street. Ban Francisco; Waldo Ba
con, HOC Bush street, San Francisco;
Phyllis Ackerman, 827 Myrtle street.
Oakland; Helen EInselen, 553 Btadctsa
street, San Francisco; L. Bruteher, 41
Beaver street, San Francisco; A. Joha
son, 113 Eleventh street, San Frandsoo;
Peter Bolger. 27 Capp street,-Ean,*Fran
clsco; Evelyn Carson. 1355 Geary struct.
Ban Francisco; Retfna Pyerson, HM
Mission street, San Francisco; Marian
Richards. 981 Sutter straetj San . Fran
cisco; Emily Grellir.aD, 2336 Ttj-enty
second Btreet, San Francisco; Hartan
Souther, 625 K street, San Francisco;
Hattle Otterson. SIS Guerrero street.
San Francisco: J. Lafiin. 82S Auhbury
street. San T'ranclsco; Einmett John
son, 1302A. His- street. Alameda; Annia
Jonee. 1S07 Scott street, San Francisco;
Emma Tubbs, 1224 York street, San
Francisco; Esther DIckscn, 455 D«9vis-"
adero street, San Francisco; Dodo
Theall, 1003 Oak street, San Francisco;
Raymond Mitchell. 685 Thirty-stxth
street. Oakland; Dorothy Ash, 14 Eu
reka street. San Franciaco; Leonard
Edmonds, 246 North Eighth street. Ban
Jose; Harold Albin, 1610 Alcatrai ave
nue, Berkeley; Blanche Lindner, 1013
Ellis street, San Franclsco;*Heian Ia-
Ells, 1320 Masonic avenue, Can Fran
cisco; Eleanor McKune. 603 South
"Whitney street. San Jose; CUmmy
Reams, Sulsun; Ruth Chrlsmac; Cl«ta
ents; Clarence Elcher, Pacheoo; May
Taylor, £28 Castro street, Oakland; Al
bert Mar^o, 2409 Pacific avenue. Baa
Francisco; Wlllard Ackerman, CoC£xx;
Ursula Chartlana. tSS Korgma sti— t.
Santa Rosa; Robert Ash, 14 SCovelOBJ
street, San Frandsoo; Maxla UcPiacx,
411 Ellis street. Ban Francisco; TTMiis
Warness, 21 Rlncon place, Baa Ftta*
Cisco; Au gu* Vogt, 1533 ThixttmOSh t*%~
nue; East Oakland; Lores* WDeea.
Vlsalia.; Bates Dlckaon, IVtaltatia; 224
•wln Hawes. 113J Pas* sti— t. Baa Tma*
•Cisco;. Ted' Baura, Cohtsa; Omar Qra»*
dall, San Jose; Rose KtS&ar, testea
Clara; Irene Warnsdcs, 191 C9*7tHH
street. San Frandsoo; Marte Fraocsa,
Santa Rosa; Walter Howe, .Fstatsams
Ada Moore, Petalnma; Jessie Svava,
Ban Jose; OarroQ Storahaaaj Baa Mfek*
1521 Beaton street, Alataeda: Samuel
Young-, 4118 Twenty-fourth street. San
Francisco; A. Spotorno, 718 Cole street,
Baa Francisco ; SumM4 Lan gre n f elser,
10 ErU street, fiaa Francisco; Helena
MMvtf, Cl Oak street. Baa Frandsoe;
¦art Cre!lia, Pleasanton; Rath Cr*nin.
Pleasanton ; Lois Roome, . 1773 fi Post
street, San Francisco; Mabel Sobey,
617 Minna street, San , Francisco ; Grace
Fouih, 238 Fourteenth street, San Fran
clsoo; Mildred Ooeta, 422 Francisco
str— i. Baa Fwiarima; Betsy Go*, Ml
Jcoaa street. But Francisco; Irene Bea>
™ / 1116 FllD «rt street. Ban Frandso»|
Vivien Fitzgerald, 425 Monterey street,
vallejo; Irene Monson, i 182Z Shattuc*
avenue, Berkeley; * Willie Egan. 1480
Golden Gate avenue Baa Francisco;
Ray. Williams, 296rTw»nty-first street.
Baa Francisco; Lila Jamison, Saa ! Jost;
THESE, are the names of the 130
lecky children who won prizes
In the puzzle contest — the
Names of Dogs — published in
Hie Sunday Call of December fl:
Mildred Tade, 1630 G street. Sacra-
Bsento; Grace Gibson, 2108 Broadway,
Ban Francisco; Willie 721
Washington street, Santa llcka; Roy
Ray. 21? Castro street, Oakland; Alice
"Williamson. 102 Railroad avenue. South
San Francisco; Laura Roe. Ross Sta
tion: Florence Harrington, 22S Shotwell
Street, San Francisco; Hazel Cruess, 15
Prcspect street, San Francisco; Blanche
Brookes, 220 Twenty-seventh street.
Ban FVancffco; Emma Rush, 2627 Sac
ramento street. San Francisco; Edna
Campbell, 355 Telegraph avenue, Oak
land; Hazel White. 220 North Ninth
•treet. San Jose; P. J. Curtis, 3in
Twenty-fifth street, San Francisco; S.
Dourherty, 2813 Army street, San Fran
cisco; Edna Daley, 322 Eureka" street,
Ban Francisco; Elaine Standish. 127S
Waller street, San Francisco; Helen
Cpta&ey, Ross; Russell Keeffe, 29 B
•treet, San Francisco; Reta Ogle, Stli
Be ward street, San Francisco; Cornatla
OnwgMan. lMStt Green street, . 8a*
thmtuJmjo; Tomnale HtsJy, IM7 rntosj
SUuiit, Baa Frandaoo: 81dner faisai
THESE ARE
THE 150
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF DEC. 6.
-.-¦¦•... - . - ¦ :;v. •¦?: >-. , ¦ •¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALTi —CHRISTMAS NUMBER.
NAME PUZZLES
32
Solve the PuzzUs,
Fill Cut the Coupon
and Send It to
\te Fuzzie Editor,
£unday Call, S. F.
To Pu7.zle Editor, Sunday Call,
Kan Francisco:
llelow in tlH'lr proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Planrts represent«-d i» . Uiis
week's Nome Puzzles.
1 ................••.••••«•«••
2 '..
3
1
7 ...........................
8 •••••••*•••'•••••••*•'••.•••••••
» i". |
Deoember to, lfOS.
Vmxata
Street or P. O
( ' ¦ ¦
atj ...»
State /. •
/
If I win I choose for prize
(Bee List of Prizes.)The funeral of Anna Uleck, whose
husband is in Jail, charged -with her
murder, was held to-day under a guard
of Dollce, who were forced to use clubs
to disperse crowds of striking cabmen
CHICAGO, Dec 19.— Th» strike sit
uation provoked rioting at churches
and in the presence of people mourn
ing for dead relatives to-day. Pickets
for the striking livery drivers Invaded
houses of worship and «nade It Impos
sible to procure funeral vehicles. Police,
protection was demanded for many
funerals and In one case an actual riot
took place.
Besides tho interference with fun
erals the strike has tied up all private*
ambulances and doctors' vehicles and
great suffering has already resulted.
A. B. Perrigo, who has an ambulance
service, said to-day that pickets hav»
surrounded his place and prevented his
answering calls for relief of thosa
needing surgical and medical attention.
MOURNERS WALK TO GRAVES.
WJth nearly seventy-five funerals t»
be held In Chicago to-day there was no
sign of peace between the livery and
hearse drivers and the employers. In
cold, drizzling rain the relatives of
those who were to be buried slippad
along the Ice and slush-covered pave
ments, as In many cases the mourners
followed to railway stations the busi
nesslike "dead" wagons of the under
takers. Walking was treacherous, but
there was practically no. alternative.
No carriages were to be had.
The undertakers announced that they
would not send out any hearses until
the strikers had been forced into sub
mission, for it would be dangerous to
risk the costly carriages out of the
barns, even if non-union men could'
be. had. . k % .
Special Dtspatch to Th» Gtll. •
MAKE WAR
UPON SICK
AND DEAD
BANKERS PROPOSE NEW
MONEY ORDER SCHEME
By the System Projposed no Order for
a Sum Over $100 Will
Be Cashed. '
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— After a three
days' session here, the bank money or
der committee of the American Bank
ers* Association, .representing 7000
banks, has agreed upon^ a plan for v a
money order system whereby sums not
to exceed $100 can be sent by mail and
the orders cashed by,' any bank belong
ing . to j ; the j association. The scheme
will of course come into direct compe
tition with the money orderdlvision of
the Postbffice Department and it is ex
pected cut largely Into the Government
revenues. The proposed system is to be
operated ¦ precisely as exchange is now
sold and the . orders ' are , to be guaran
teed by /a guarantee ¦ company.
The committee's report will be sub
mitted to the executive council of the
national body at its regular meeting
next April. • " ;' ;,-;,'_.; . ¦_
Chinese Official Degraded.
,. TIENTSIN, Dec. 1 9.— Chirig Yl, di
rector' of the i Northern Railway, has
been degraded and stripped of all
rank.' ; *¦- - - .\- < ¦ .'
Continued on Page 34/ Column* 1.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— A general
strike of machinists, boilermakers and
blacksmiths on the Union Pacific and
Southern Pacific lines is scheduled for
January 1. Violation of -the agree
ment which .ended \ the machine shop
strike is alleged. International Pres
ident Slocum of the Brotherhood of
Blacksmiths, is quoted as authority for
the statement that the companies are
attempting to evade a stipulation that
piece work should be abolished within
four months.
Special IHspatch to The Call.
CARSHOPS'
MEI WILL
WALK OUT
General Elliott has been informed
that unless the Isthmian situation en
ters upon a decidedly more peaceful
phase : in .the meantime he will com
mand this "battalion and upon his ar
rival will organize the three battalions
of marines on the isthmus into a
brigade, of which he shall assume su
preme command. Although General El
liott will have a conference with the
President before leaving and will be
in daily conference with Secretary
•Moody,, from both of whom he will re
ceive ,- instructions regarding his . con
duct of operations on the Isthmus, he
will be given wide* latitude, much be
ing left to his own discretion.
i There were several conferences at
the Navy Department to-day regard
ing the location of the camps for the
marines, on .the isthmus. Lest the ad
ministration may be put In the light
of .anticipation of the .Senate's ratifi
cation of the canal treaty by assum
ing obligations provided for in that
convention,' it has been practically set
tled that General Elliott shall not mass
his forces along the Panama border
unless*fthe safety of: the republic abso-
.WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— "Let Co
lombia take , the initiative," Is the re
straining keynote of specific instruc
tions which ' Secretary Moody has
cabled to the American naval com
manders in Isthmian waters. The Sec
retary has taken active hold in the
shaping of the naval policy on the
isthmus, and. from now on the Instruc
tions, whether to naval or marine of
ficers, will be prepared as far as possi
ble at his personal direction. It was
announced to-day that. while the situa
tion on the isthmus was in no way
alarming . to the Washington Govern
ment, it was sufficiently delicate to
..warrant the most careful and diplo
matic handling. ;
•••At i a conference held this . afternoon
between Secretary. Moody and Briga
dier. General George Elliott, command
er.. of the. Marine Corps, the .latter re
ported that upon j twenty-four hours'
notice he could get under way to Colon
with the new Caribbean Sea battalion,
which Is under orders to assemble at
Philadelphia. This battalion, which It
is Intended shall go soy,th on the cruis
er Dixie, now on her way. to Philadel
phia from Colony will probably sail be
tween December 25 and January 1, tha
exact time, depending upon the condi
tion of the Dixie on arrival and the re
pairs she may need.
BRIGADE OF MARINES.
Orders to Naval Officers Are to Await the Initiative of
the Colombian Government.
CHIEF OF THE NAVY, UPON WHOM, HAS DEVOLVED THE TASK OF PRESERVING PEACE ON THE ISTH
MUS; COMMANDER OF 1 '' AMERICAN SQUADRCRf NOW OFF THE WESTERN COAST OF PANAMA, AND
VESSEL WHICH WILL HURRY SOUTHWARD TO ASSUME FLAGSHIP DUTD2S.
Postmasters Are Appointed and Army
and Xavy Orders Are Issued
From Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — Post
masters commissioned: California —
Catherine T. Ryan, Gllroy; Silas P.
Cutter, Black Station.
Oregon — Mary E. Middlebusher,
TraiL
Army orders — Captain Guy Carle
ton, now at San Francisco, will pro
ceed to San Antonio, Tex."
Navy orders — Surgeon M. K. John
son Is ordered to th* Tacoma. ,
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
DENVER, Dec. 19.— Major General
H. C. Merriam, retired, who is visiting
his daughter. Mrs. George B. Berger,
In this city, eaid to-night that he has
not yet received word from the War
Department regarding an alleged In
terview, In whicn he was made to crit
icize the appointment of General
Leonard. Wood. However, as the
newspapers continue to discuss the
matter he to-night sent the following
message:
"Secretary of War, Washington, D.
C: I have not authorized any publi
cation here on any subject. Report
by mail will follow.
"H. C. MERRIAM, Major General."
Telegram to Washington Disclaims
Responsibility for Any Statements
Concerning General Wood.
GENERAL MERRIAM
DENIES INTERVIEW
the West, were in conference to-day
with Secretary Hitchcock.
Woodford Harlan, the former chief
cf division and at present a clerk in
the General Land Office, who Is ac
cused of having taken bribes from Ben
son, was not at his desk to-day, it be
ing explained that he was away on
leave of absence for two or three days.
Secretary Hitchcock to-day declined
to discuss expected furtner arrests, or
to say what action as to Harlan's case
•was in contemplation, and when asked
why Harlan had been retained so long
after the discovery of tne alleged of
fenses refused to answer the question.
Benson has gone to New York. It is
believed his arrest is only the first one
of a large number soon to be made.
Secretary Hitchcock to-day denied
the statement that the Government
had lost approximately $15,000,000 by
land frauds, but refused to give the
total amount involved. Secretary
Hitchcock has taken extraordinary pre
cautions to secure secrecy as to the
facts de\-elor»ed In the Investigation
and the evidence adduced, bo that
knowledge cf the plans of the depart
ment ehall be confined to himself and
the officials actively engaged In the
work.
CARACAS, Venezuela; ' Dec. 19.—
The British 1 , sloop of war Alert has
arrived at La Guayra. • ¦•. • w»v> ;
British Warship at La Guayra.
ONE MORE CHANCE FOR PEACE
Russia Will Submit Another Proposi
tion .to the Mikado.
PARIS, Dec. 1 9.—^Russia i has -made
another , move .toward aVolding a rup
ture with Japan and" there is reason
to believe it will be followed 'in ; a'; few
days by the ¦submission "Of, a< second
propostltlon tending to ameliorate the
present strained situation;. .The "ac
tion- already taken consists in /giving
assurances , that : the/, first ' proposition
which the r Czar; approved was not, in
any sense^ an 1 ultimatum, 'or "sine". qua
non,-,but Was •a preliminary step tend
ing toward pacific adjustment.' .. ;
,This > declaration Us ; considered by
the; officials . here as ; removing' one of
the. most. dangerous aspects of the sit
uation, as . it* h^d'been^ asserted/ that
Russia's' proposition 'was* practically
STOCKTON, Dec. 1 9. — A man
named C. S. Richards was pushed off
a train to-day, near New Hope, eight
miles north of Stockton, and killed, the
train running over him. It is claimed
that two men robbed Richards and
then pushed him from the train. His
mangled remains were brought to
Stockton this afternoon. The deceased
was from Idaho.'. . .
Remains of a Passenger From Idaho
Found on a Railroad Track .•
Near. Stockton.
ROBBERS THROW A MAN
TO DEATH FROM A TRAIN
VALLEJO, Dec. 19.— To have been a
sailor yesterday in Uncle Sam's navy
at a monthly pay ' of $13. and to find
himself to-day .worth $250,000 is the ex
perience of John Snyder, who was hon
orably-discharged from the naval,ser
vice this afternoon and left for Port
land, Or., to-night.
Snyder's fortune comes from his
father, who left money, bonds and real
estate In Portland, Seattle, New York
and Tampa. Fla., worth $250,000. It is
to look after this valuable property
that the heir, who Is only 23 years old,
has started north.
Snyder has been in the naval service
for four years, and during a. consid
erable portion of that time" he served as
a baker. He arrived at Mare Island
several months ago on the gunboat
Princeton from service In the Philip
pines, and has since been quartered on
the receiving ship Independence.
GRANTS PASS, Or.', Dec/ 19.— Left
behind by his train at a desolate water
tank stop on .the plains of Idaho, J. A.
Mock, a well-to-do and. aged resident
of, this tcityV wandered off in the dark
ness, got lost and died of starvation.
¦Yesterday his son, A. H. Mock of this
city, received a telegram from the divi
sion superintendent of the Oregon Short
Line at Pocatello, Idaho, informing him
that the remains of - his' father, who
mysteriously disappeared several
months ago while en route to Iowa
from here, had been found.
For several months Mock has been
endeavoring to get some trace of his
father. As the old gentleman left here
with considerable money on his person
it was feared that he •. had met foul
play. The disappearance of the man
and the', announcement of a reward
were liberally advertised all along the
line of the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation road and the Oregon Short Line,
4>ut no definite Information was - re
ceived till yesterday morning.
From the brief telegram sent here it
appears that Mock got off the train at
a small station or water tank near
Minnidoka, Idaho, during " the night.
The train started suddenly and he was
unable to board the cars.- Left alone,
he probably attempted to find a ranch
er's house or some place to spend the
night. But it is an uninhabited coun
i try, and he wandered* away '. from the
railroad, to become helplessly lost. The
result was his dying of starvation and
exposure. His , money, ¦' ticket, papers
and* all his personal effects were intact.
if H. Mock left here last night for
Minnidoka to take charge of his father's
remains. They will be taken to Albia,
Iowa, whither the old: gentleman had
started to , settle up. the affairs of his
estate and to make a farewell visit to
his old home.
RICH MAN
DIES ALONE
IN AGONY
NAVY LAD
INHERITS
A FORTUNE
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The Rothschilds
have heard nothing of any suggestions
that Russia v/ill attempt to raise a
/loan of $125,000,000 or any other amount
In Great Britain, and they declare that
the report Is probably -unfounded.
Russia, they say, could not raise a loan
here, and Judging from their latest ad
vices from Paris it probably would be
equally difficult for- Russia to raise
more money in . Francis. The Dress | Is
informed' from other quarters that even
were a Russian. loan issued elsewhere
there is little likelihood of any ."portion
of it being underwritten in London. :
NEW YORK.vDec.19.~The report .in
circulation to the- effect' that Russia
was about ; to open negotiations ; with a
view to securing a loan in New York
was not credited. , in financial' circles
here,. because it was i said that. the Riis
sian Government- made > similar over
tures unsuccessfully about ¦, six months
ago. • '¦ ;...:.;
A few days . ago ' representatives of
the Japanese j Government ; conf erred
with New York- bankers respecting 1 a
loan, making.no secret of tha fact that
the money, if 'secured, might be used
for war purposes. These negotiations
also were unsuccessful., ... # ' C
International* bankers j here 1 are " sub
stantially unanimous in the, opinion
that, eliminating / all other . circum
stances, domestic financial needs made
any sort of a foreign loan Impracticable
at this time. ¦«'•'•'
St. Petersburg Cannot Obtain the
Sinews for a Conflict.
NO WAR LOAN FOR RUSSIA.
CALIFORNIAN ARRESTED FOR ALLEGED LAND FRAUDS, |S HIS AC
CUSER, HEAD OF THE INTERIOP. DEPARTMENT, AND SECRET
/ AGENT WHO HAS CONDUCTED THOROUGH INVESTIGATION.
"Now or Never" is the heading which^
one paper, the St. James Gazette, to r ;
day phits upon its leading article, in,
which It declares that Japan will.strike*
before the Russian squadron now as
sembling at BIzerta can accomplish its
enforcedly leisurely journey to the
scene of action. .
This represents the extremist .view/
for although London, generally speak
ing. Is convinced that war Is the almost
inevitable outcome of the situation,
many good judges, think ; that the peace
will not be broken for some time to
come. .' ,
This same paper claims, to b© able
to confirm, from many Inquiries in of
ficial Quarters, the reports that the
British admiralty is now making pre
parations for the eventuality, of war;
that torpedo ofllcers are undergoing
courses of instruction, at Portsmouth
and Devenport and have received secret
orders to hold themselves lh\rjeadlness ,
for immediate mobilization ;fcndV that
when the British home flget begins lts^
winter cruise .after rCJhtl^tiijas^t^wm"
be right In the (rieighWrhooU fof ithe
Far Eastern scene ¦¦•trouble.-'. '• -
To-day, however, "has been barren \of
any indication of further development
In the, situation .; in /the direction -of
elther^peace^ or war, u .-but the . general
uneasiness was- reflected both on" the
Stock Exchange arid 'at Lloyd's, where
the rate of insurance for vessels bound
for Japan rose 50 per! cent, from 5 shil
lings on Friday to 7 shillings 6 pence
to-day. |
A London dispatch to the Birming
ham Daily Post says " telegrjjnw which
have been received In prominent quar
ters from Paris show that inquiries
have been made in the French capital
as to the possibility of raising a new
Russian loan of. from £20,000,000 to
£25,000,000. It Is understood that sim
ilar inquiries have been addressed by
Russian authorities to New York,. with
the express desire that they, should be
kept strictly secret. >
LONDON, Dec. 19.— It is believed here
that Japan will strike a blow before
Russia can assemble a larger fleet in
Asiatic waters.
Herald Publishing Company.
Sp*>dal Cablegram to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1903, by th« New Tork
British Admiralty Making Every Prep
aration for the Eventuality of
War in Far East/ ;
Mikado Is Expected to Pre
vent Increase of the
Russian Fleet
Belief in London Tliat
Clash Will Come
Very Soon.
Hitchcock Confers
With Secret
Agent.
Refuses to Reveal
Names of the
Suspects.
"WASHINGTON, Dec 19.— More im
portant developments In. the big land
fraud Bcheirc, for alleged complicity
In which John A. Benson of San Fran
cisco was arrested yesterday, are ex
pected shortly, but the utmost secrecy
guards the proceedings. Both Assist
ant Attorney - Pugh and Secret Agent
Barns, who' investigated the cases In
MANY ARRESTS TO FOLLOW
THAT OF JOHN A. BENSON
FOR ALLEGED LAND FRAUDS
JAPAN MAY
STRIKE THE
FIRST BLOW
Continued on Page 35, Column 3.
Continued on Paso 31, Column 3. •'.,
The San Francisco Call
SEVENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ,20, 1903— PAGES 33 TO 44.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 20.
BOGOTA'S FIRST OVERT ACT
WILL BE SIGNAL FOR WAR'S
OUTBREAK ON THE ISTHMUS
TBS TZBATZS8.
Alcazar— "The Ctrl X Xieft B»-
Mnd Ma."
California — "?oxy Graadpa."
Central — Tne Scout's Eevenjre."
Matiae© To-Dny. -:¦
yischer'a — "I. O. U." Matinee
To-Day.
arand— "A Zdttla Outcast.'' aut-
Inee To-Day; * !
Orphetua — Vaudeville. Sfatine*
To-Day. .
The Cbutes— TauderUl*.
Forecast made at Saa Fran
cisco fcr tMrty boors enOSajr
mirttiigiit, December 30:
San Frmadsoo and vlctalty—
Cloudy Straday, probably rata;
bttzk to tlarJi southeast wiads.
A. Q. MftAPXTT.
District gorroitrtcr.l\m W STRIKE FIRST BLOW,
Continued From Page 33, Column 4.
Postal Card' Printer Dies.
RUMFORD'faU-S, Me., Dec. -19.—
CALIFORNIANS IX WASHIXGTOX.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — The fol
lowing Callfornians are registered
here: At the Raleigh — I. I. Brown.
Henry Sackman of San Francisco; at
the St. James— R. G. D. Simpson and
wife, W. S. Frost and wife of Los An
geles. , .. fy. i
•jajaTUBip pdsaapuoo si aou'apsuoo .'
this, they finally forced him ..to hire
the buggy in which he was found, and
he thinks he must have been drugged,
as he says he remembered nothing
after getting In the buggy with one of
the men. • . •
Later Gilbert gave out a second state
ment, declaring his earlier story to be
untrue. He said he feared he would be
unable to support the yourig woman
whom he was engaged to marry, and
for that reason had concocted the story
to break off the match. • " .
Albert Daggett, contractor for the
printing of the United States postal'
cards, died to-day, aged 60 years. '¦•¦"•*£•
day. and told the police that he had
been held prisoner since, Tuesday-. by
three men, who by, - threats tried to
make him sign a check for $1500 which
he had on deposit In a bank. Failing in
"BOSTON TEA PARTY"
HERO IS HONORED
Monument in Lincoln Park, Chicago,
Is Unveiled in Memory of
David Kennison.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19. — The memory
of David Kennison, last survivor of the
"Boston tea party," was honored t>
day by the unv'eiling of a huge bowl
der monument in Lincoln Park.
The stone occupies a position near
the spot where Kennison was buried In
1852 in what was the City Ceme
tery of Chicago. The ceremonies at
tending the unveiling were conducted
by the Sons and Daughters of the
American Revolution, which societies
are the donors of the monument. -
Want Receiver Appointed.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. 19.— Lien
holders to-day filed a bill in equity
against the Blue Grass Consolidated
Traction Company, praying for j the
appointment of a receiver and a sale
of all franchises, rights of way and
other assets. The Consolidated Com
pany, is capitalized at $7,000,000.
Young/ Man Concocts Clever Story
About an Attempted Murder, But
. •¦• -Truth Conies Out.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 19.— Otto Gilbert
of Irvington, ah employe of a magazine
published in' this city, was found to-day
lying.- in... a*, buggy. In. an unconscious
condition, j He was bound hand and
foot, while in his mouth a large gag
had been placed. The horse apparently
had wandered some distance and,final
ly had found Its way back to _ town un
guided in the darkness and was headed
for the stable, when /persons in. the
street stopped it and found Gilbert ly
ing on the floor of the vehicle 1 . Blood
covered his face, and' the. ; ropes with
which he. had! been 'bound ' d£pw. .his
head down ; almost, to ,his ieet. . -V
i \ Gilbert recovered sconsciousness to- .
TAKES GRAVE . CHANCE . V
TO AVOID MARRYING
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Dec. 19.—Ac
cording to an official statement Issued
by the Central Trust Company to-day,
E. W. Radder, late secretary and treas
urer trf the concern, was short In his
accounts at least $20,000 at the time
of his death in August last. The short
age is covered by an indemnity bond.
In addition to his shortage with the
Central Trust Company it has devel
oped that Radder, as secretary and
treasurer, issued to himself one share
of stock of the company In due form
and subsequently fraudulently raised
the certificate to read 100 shares. T/pon
this certificate he secured a loan' of
$10,000. Other forgeries uncovered will.
It is said, bring the total to nearly
$40,000. Radder was one of the best
known business men In the city.
Heavy Shortage Found In Accounts of
Trust Company Official Who
• Died hi August. .
O15TA1NS LOANS ON FORGED
STOCK ISSUED TO HIMSELF
LONDON. Dec. 19. — Six British
ermy officer*; will leave England next
week for Japan to study the Japanese
language and become acquainted with
Japanese military tactics. The War
Office forestalls any attempt to con
nect their departure with the imme
diate Russo-Japanese crisis by an
nouncing that all the arrangements
therefor were completed with the To
kio Government some time ago.
Other British officers have volun
teered their services to Japan In the
<n-ent of war. through the London le
gation. While expressing apprecia
tion. Baron Hayashi. the Japanese
Minister to Great Britain,, points out
that the rules of the Japanese service
preclude the employment, of foreign
ers on active service!
A sensational report circulated re
garding British preparations for a
naval mobilization is declared at the
AdmJralty to be unfounded. j. .
taches to the Orient.
Great Britain Bends Six Military At-
TO STUDY JAPANESE TACTICS
On the contrary, Russia's assur
ances permit Baron de Rosen, the
Russian Minister at Tokio, to con
tinue the negotiations, even beyond
the terms of the first proposition.
Tile Russian officials have not yet
definitely been advised of Japan's re
jection of the proposition, but if the
rejection is officially communicated
another Russkm proposition will .be
made looking toward the avoidance
of a , rupture. The nature of the
terms' of this further proposition is
not disclosed, as it depends on Jap
an's reply, but Russia's intention to
ina^ce a-.iother proposition isv consid
ered to be distincl amelioration of
the situation.
en ultimatum, which, on being re
jected by Japan, made a rupture cer
tain.
PINE RIDGE, S. D., Dec. 19. — Red
CJoud, the celebrated Sioux chief, al
most blind and very feeble, is dying
here, aged 85 years.
Chief Red Cloud Is Dying.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 19.— Charles J.
Bonaparte of Baltimore, who has been
investigating the Dawes Commission in
Indian Territory, arrived here to-day.
As to what he learned in his investi
gation Bonaparte had very little to
say. His report, he said, probably
would be handed to the Secretary, of
the Interior within a month, but he
said he did not know when it would be
made public, if at all.
"The present Federal administration
is very thoroughly and unsparingly de
termined to have all wrongdoers pun
ished," said Bonaparte. "This is par
ticularly true of the President. He is
absolutely fearless in this work and
will permit nothing to stop him. Every
charge of official corruption that Presi
dent Roosevelt hears of will be probed
to the bottom. I believe that his earn
est work along this line will be much
in his favor In his candidacy to suc
ceed himself. It looks to me as though
he will make his race on an anti-bood
ling platform."
Charles J. Bonaparte Refuses to Re
. real the Nature of His Forth
coming Report.
COMPLEXES INVESTIGATION
OF DA WES COMMISSION
Postmaster of Kedondo Nominated.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — The
President to-day sent to the Senate the
following nomination for postmaster
in California.: Lora J. H&nnen, Re
dondo.
PARIS, Dec. 19. — The Dreyfus com
mission will reassemble next week to
receive the report .of Victor Mortler,
the senior member of the commission,
and one of the directors of the Minis
try of Justice, on hi3 examination of
the new papers in the case. A decis
ion is expected at the end of next
week. In the meantime sensational
newspapers foreshadow the decision
and the subsequent reinstatement of
Dreyfus. The Patrie says he will be
made a colonel of artillery and ap
pointed a chevalier of the Legion of
Honor. These reports are not taken
seriously, and are considered to be
merely expressive of the general be
lief that the chances favor Dreyfus.
Decision in the Case Probably Will
Be Rendered During the Pres
ent Week.
DREYFUS COMMISSION
TO VIEW NEW PAPE11S
and sympathizers. The body v. as taken
to the cemetery In a wagon.
FUNERAL CAR UTILIZED.
A funeral car, instead of a hearse, as
well as a police^guard. was ulliized by
Undertaker Joseph Blake 10 circum
vent striking pickets from whom vio
lence was feared at the funeral of $he
daughter of Joseph Keefer, president
of a tea company.
The body of the child was nlaced in
a common undertaking ¦wagon,, driven.
, to Thirty-first and Wallace streets and
put. "on a street car in waitins. The
mourners boarded a second car and the
trip was made to Oakwood Cemetery.
The Keefer residence was surrounded
at the. time of the funeral by pickets.
_TJh£ .police wierC present, nolding them
selves in readiness in case of violence,
but none was encountered.
-A- mpre^serious ph,ase of the strike
has developed iir a threatened spread
df^thc ,U^up*to include* stablemen and
yilbcjgtnen. SMould, these men go out
iihe Ambulance service of the city would
T i»... seriously, crippled.- .. ;
'"'fAID DENIED THE SICK.
Permission to move '• sick, from their
homes to hospitals -was' denied in sev
eral instances by striking lLvery driv
ers.
An undertaker's hearse, in lieu of a
hearse, was secured to convey the re
mains of Judge Jonas Hutchispn of
the Supreme Court from his late resi
dence to Oakwood Cemetery-. A suf
ficient number - of private, carriages
were secured to carry the. relatives and
a 'few of . the/ jurist's 'friends to the
/grave." >. : ; - i" r ..: ' ¦¦ ' . '. .: ¦
-¦A "dead'/ wagon driven by, a son of
Undertaker'' returning •, from
Graceiand Cemetery after a .burial, was
pursued by a coal w.agon, whose union
driver attempted to ram the undertak
ing van ; with the pole "of his wagon.
Lashing his horses ipto a gallop young
Perrigo managed to escape.
Continued From Page 33, Column 7.
MAKE WAR UPON SICK AND DEAD
THE SAN .FRANCISCO .CALL. /¦ SUNDAY. ¦¦ DECEMBER 20, 1903.
34
DB. PIERCERS BEMEDIES.
Will be paid, by the Jf ''
World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
"For about two years I suffered from arery
obstinate case of dyspepsia." writes R. E. Secord.
Esq., of 13 Eastern Ave.. Toronto, Ontario. «I
tried a jrreat number of remedies without suc-
cess. I finally lost faith ia them all. I was so
far gone that I could not for a long time bear
any solid food in my stomach ; felt melancholy
and depressed. Some four months ago a friend
recommended your [ Golden Medical Discovery.'
Alter a week's treatment I had derived so much
benefit that I continued the medicine. I have
taken three bottles and am convinced it has
in my case accomplished a permanent cure. I
can conscientiously recommend it to the thou-
eaada of dyspeptics throughout the land."
A man can succeed and be strong if
he heeds Nature's warnings. . When
there is J indigestion, loss' of appetite,
ringing in the ears, dizziness, 6pot3 be-
fore the eyes or palpitation of the heart ;
any or all of these symptoms point to
weakness and loss 0/ nutrition. Dr.
Prerce's Golden Medical Discovery is the
medicine to turn to.
w Golden Medical Discovery " contains
no_ alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
It is strictly a temperance medicine.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." /There is nothing "just
as/good " for diseases of the stomach.
The w Commo nSensc Medical Adviser,"
1008 pages, in- paper covers, is -sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
Rr V. Pierr*. PnfFoio. fj. y.
WEAK MEN
ITS' YOO 8DFFEH FnOM ANY OP THE WEAK.
,'X sestet or £lseat«s caused by Ignorance, dis-
sipation or contagion YOU ARE THE VEUZ
PEltSQN WE WANT TO TALK TO.
* " mFS II ill It
DrA?jfs$Zh. ¦""¦'Dr. c\^^^.
. C il? B TO ° *•* " nd then ••* « SEASON-
ABLE FEE when you are cared. Ion eta drpend
upon our word. Thousands of patients bars In-
dorsed ns. NOW, WE WANT TO CORE TOO
with the distinct understanding thij we will nof
demand a FEE until we care you. This applies
to LOST MANHOOD. Seminal Weakness. 8per-
tnatorrhea. Varlcocele. diseases of the prostat*
(land, unnatural losses, gonorrhea, gleet, stric-
ture, etc., ¦yphllUa and ALL •¦Weaknesses" of
mt ti. . "* ' ¦
Home treatment cures. Write for free
• yinptom Hat if yon cannot call. Cnn.
anltatlon In peraton or by letter free,
DRS. SHORES & SHORES,
EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
933 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
ADVEBTISE2EE2TTS.
The only way to get* rid ;
of pimples and other erup-
tions is to cleanse the blood,
improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take i£*
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Which has cored thousands.
t KEW ADVERTISEMENTS. .
NIP IT IN THE BUD.
First Appearance of Dandruff a Foreran*
ner of Future Baldness. -
That such is the case has been conclu-
sively proven -by scientific research.
Prof. Unna. the noted European skin spe-
cialist, declares that dandruff is the bur-
rowed-up cuticle of the scalp, caused by
parasites . destroying the vitality In the
hair bulb.. The hair becomes lifeless, and,
in time, falls out. This can be prevented.
. Newbro's Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ, and restores the hair to its natural
softness and abundancy. . : - , .
' Herpicide is now used by thousands, of
people — all satisfied that it is the most
wonderful 'hair preparation . on the mar-
ket to-day. — . ¦ -,. ... ...
. Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, MJch; v>
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOR
I>ue to the changeable weather. Grip
ar.d Influrnza prevail unusually early
this year, and it behooves you to prepare
yourself against an attack by carrying a
bottle of Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-
ppven" In your pocket. The prompt use
•of "77" will restore the checked circula-
tion (indicated by a chill or shiver, the
first symptom of a Cold), start the blood
coursing through the veins and "break
up" the Cold.
"Seventy-seven" cures Coughs. Colds,
Grip, Influenza. Catarrh, Pains and Sore-
ness in the head and chest. Hoarseness
end fiore Throat. At druggists'. 25 cents.
r^SIedical Guide mailed free.
Humphrey*" M«l. Co., Cor. William and Jobn
itlfls N«w York
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. ' v
ABE YOUR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary jj^liP§*jrV.' " "'
and 1 '.,-^rr troubles were t<> be traced to the ! ~ '< ¦
kidneys, but now modern science proves that WszsMzM
nearly all diseases have their beginning in W^^^W '¦''
:' ¦ disorder of these most import ant organs. !fil§%fil '
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— fg^'W^'
:'--. ¦ ¦ J'if« r work. - il§i»t*tilf "~
! itreforc. when your kidney? nre weak or *
out f ¦ :. ; <r. yr,u can tmdcrstrtnd how quick- -~~ . ..
|j your rntirc'body is affected, and how cv- fp£'«%'''\
cry organ seems to fail t<» do its duty. ' '¦"• '
If y -.: arc sick or "feel badly." begin taking • ' " :/ '-
• • ::reat kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- mSJ^^^F^^^^^^^ ¦¦¦'
Knot, bfearse as soon as your kidneys are ;
pcitin* better they will help all the other or-
pa:i- to health. A trial will convince any one. gl»f^»s™«||
I rra.3 a constant sufferer fcr a number of years ||||| I [> R< KtLflffiR'5 \ W$
with iveakness cf tie kilncys and back and fre- E$j|S| nnTI1|fn nAAR| %M
oucat fle«ire to uriaate. 'ut after uainjr Dr. KU- NWAMP-KllflT §M
rr.ti'm Swams-Eact. X am entirely cured and cheer- Kg£&| J-ufli'll llUV/1 g^|
fuX)y reccnisiead tiis woalerfnl remedy to any gaffa tett^mvi fv«- A- *I»^dar &iW
wio may naSer ipoa these common complaints. B&|| Klfcoy^l-lvCT i. W«asr |||
7<Zoct rulT ycv.zt. Km CUKti j^ij
\V. C. EAILT. 21 Lieut, cf Police. bggl| DIRECTI0V3. W%M
Colunibuc. Oa. m^9 n»tt»icico», t««cr ti-'f sSjj**
. . . - , •!_« IKiSei (rui«c«ta!t b«fort fr tlitx. 9}wL
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible ffij^ meil..i<»«b«!(to.. ¦ »ifef
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted |||| c t^S££?$fi!& WM
• ., nnt'inue much suffering and fatal ! results fggSa p|i
nro sure ¦¦• follow. Kidney trouble :rr:tatcs @^^ *«oi» require.
Ihe nerves, makes you dizzy, restless deep- gala, rt* innm**i am* *y 1^
!es< and irritable. Makes vou pass .vater often gpig- Vj' Y .'' 1V M' bl * a '!f r iww !K J Wm
. . . .. gSgq^W Acid- lrr-ubu» c»d ns.'^i'rr' #&i*j
dunng the day and obliges vou to get up g|fiJ < u »t* **•* ki'fa*f*,iurha« ggf
many times during the night." Unhealthy kid- B& J&'^^fc^ H
nevs .•¦•:--- rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the m$$ Br '^ l r' rv '7?Tj wh !5f' ! " ; . 1 " § fc^
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, .mints uupituuitiubc *$^g
and' muscles: makes your head ache and back W&t 'otlmftTL'co iH
achr. causes indigestion, stomach and liver &M b!*nciumtox,*.x" 1^
trouble, you get a sallow, yellow complex- ||l| sold by all Druggists. 1^
ion, makes you feel as though you had heart |||| « 1 p|p
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but
n strength: get wea'.and waste .-'.way.
t;:> cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's -B^^^^f¥^%^^^!«g|
Swamp-Root, the world-famous Kidney remc- |PmpiP!#i :
dy. In taking Swamp- Root you afford natural
help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the most (Swamp . aoot „ pleaemnt t0 take .)
perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys
that is known to medical science. If you are already con-
HOW to Find Out vinced that Swamp-Root is
If there is any doubt in your mind as to what you neC( j > you can pur .
vour condition, take from your urine on ns- •
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regular fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours If and onc _d o ]rar size bottles
on examination it is milkv or cloudy, if there
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at the drug stores every-
float about in it. yoiSr kidneys are in need of w here. Don't make any mis-
immediate attention. -
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by namC( Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
physicians in their private practice, and is
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer s Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the address Binghamton, N. Y.,
greatest and most successful remedy tor kid-
ney, 'iver and bladder troubles. j on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE — You may have a sample bottle of this wonder-
ful remedy, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely free by mail, also a book telling
a!! about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women who owe their
good health, in fact their very lives, to {he great curative properties of
Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer &jCo., Binghamton. N. Y., be sure
to say you read this generous offer in The San Francisco Sunday Call.
¦ -C ¦ ¦'¦' ; . ¦•... -..."• ¦ . ADVEBTISEMENTSk" " V^/' : ' " - ¦"::'..-:
Direct from the world's greatest furniture market— Grand Rapfds, Michigan. Our entire
stock is as bright as a new.coined dollar and variety is almost without limit. In proclaiming this the/
biggest, most comprehensive home-furnishing establishment in the West, we are by no means over- v ,
estimating our magnitude. If you have Christmas remembrances to buy and your _, money is busy'
elsewhere— get them here and pay as you can. : ' . . -^?i\ :• ~- . ; *v <
Below are a few suggestions taken at random from our seven ; big« sample, floors.
.¦*¦*?'¦•-..
Child's Chair $4.50 * ""' » Parlor Chair $8.50 Wiae Cabinet" 531.50 - , Korrii 1 Chair ; 8";^
Beak;. $10.00. A real Morris chair Oak frame gtf. One of thwe furniture r # ; S15.00 _ / B«»k *15 00 ' '
Something every, young for fcaby— made Just Toilet Table $14 den flDl!> h. ' Stat rlec«s makes a man's ' The bUrseat Une-of ; ._ " /j,,.w
lady should have. In like papa's. A num- Dainty toilet table. nnd.back up- atMurtments more horn*- ?5 Orr K.^fi C " ' Front Stliy carved!
*nZ? o ?\Zr "Ks *- of U»nd S to seiect . g* S^SS^S ' "*< *» «*»* gft °£\*°Jc IS^KSTS?
if this .one don 1 1 suit. from. blrchwood. .hall. .finish. or weathered oak. usual pigeoa noiea, etc.
* " l % li»» g^. \| >^ Has a^hatbox and &BBS&gMs{ Hall Mirror Bandy Table t4
ewinsing mirror. . ft $7^5 Xlways a placa
Table $7.50 China Cloaet S22.50 . For man's use aa . Six hooks for ear- for a table of this
t?e*tabl™ C we U 'have T< > u can't . nnd the Golden Bocker $2.75 much as for a wo- ITorolty X)e«k $16.25 ments and tha «ort. Made of oak,
.of this kind. Made equal of this value In A cobbler-seat rocker of man. \Ve show the One of Innumerable glass U French golden finish. Big-
or blrJseye maple. a!I Yrisco. Made of strong construction. You best ltn« of chif- odd creations In the plate. In golden gest line of tables
' tab"es red *o? f select oak - *<>'> a * a flnmh. ar.d j will find other styles here foniers ever shown desk line. In rich oak and 19 inches ever brought t»
from. . has a mirror In toi>. in endless varitty. In San Francisco. weathered oak. Jn diameter. . San Francisco.
L? earments and a small piece of statuary lection of books an.! m
lSA' 7 '^?^ house and lot to be given away *^^^P
M* mi other cr «o t « an in n *"« "With every $5.00 cash purchase made at this store a Handsome Bed $13^0 ~*
*£ . § m ad' e of h ma D ?e lb '* before May 28, 1904, We wUl gfive a premium COUpOn On * thoroughly practical gift for somj one.
•» maae oi.mapje. .« .. « ' « < « , • ¦* r , « r Tou can have It In cream and gold or In dead
Haii chair si4 this house and lot to be given away on that day. wack and gold.
An odd creation. rf Instead of giving: trading stamps, band concerts, sou- _^ -,_'
with a Ftyle all Its T 3 \ t I . . • • 1 . • . • j . • /T\ — rfKSSSBHk A .^V^n 1
own. Made of oak, II I v^ ni rs or trivial premiums to induce your patronage, we K^gBHW • xt&SXsi
poidon finish, with Si . I have adopted this more liberal plan. Jb^^SSl o^flA^XJl
saddie-shaped srat. I I £ fhe house and lot are located in the new residence 1l &.9vWB
fej,-^^^tgvs ¦ section on the west side of Sixth avenue, 75 feet south of '£& 1^ riMjjR^^
card Tabio 84oo street, one block from Golden Gate Park. The house is Bl *^^^^s^ ?!r^^^d^^v
//S^\\ ' a folding table to be a six-room cottage and thoroughly modern. Actual „ ' ! _.- -- «« }Q&r^iT*$F T r ~ T
JUL—J& by^e^A^erf^n^ cost of house and lot, $5,500. SSi " biueT with jFSgmW* '
g/\M ¦ ht\ plicate Whist Con- I I brass knobs on corners. taaCffi&SjSi*^
a a ¦ Vk sress. . ¦ i^b^mb^m™™b^^b»m^™^b^b™b™«^b^^bi^^b^^bb»™^»bbm»^»^™™m^^^^^^ Full double width. "^^*^
Tabouret S1.75 Has a closely woven ' One of the swellcst pat- |TO 5 J$ 1 1 | «
™wtSS§I W^ Tabourets -in endless rush seat and is of stuniy . Bocxer 59.00 terns in our line. Mado by 5^^^ I if
Bli^iS^ (llRI variety. This one in heart construction. Golden oak toria?^ t^esYry b!£. one of the beat-known ML % . - CT
SSR^^l&fl Vi3S3 "happ. weatherfd oak and weathered oak to Oak W ood. finished rich factories in America. In craJ^iiS § » Pi
¦ffiJ^^S^^f Vi^l flnlfh. at the above price. choose from. golden color. " • ••--•» weathered oak finish. Ittg X 1 1 |" >|D
• |teS|i -- I OPEN EVENINGS TILL CHRISTMAS. 1 !il|ji|
tlusic Cabinet S17.00 '., ' ' p^ W > ¦ "you can have it In
.Gift for a girl. An or- . golden oak, weathered
EH3 5 Js957 to 977, Market Street=======Near Sixth r, ' —' \• " "WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — The Navy
Department has received a cablegram
from Rear Admiral Glass at' Panama
to the effect that, according to a re
port which has just reached him from
TROOPS SAIL ON GUNBOAT.
VALLEJO, Dec. 19.— The Paul Jones
took on twenty men from the Inde
pendence early this morning and left at
8 o'clock for the lpwer bay to be ready
to sail for Panama. The Preble will
follow soon. Commander Fenton of thei
torpedo fleet left on the Paul Jones and
wlirilkely go as far as Santa Barbara
channel. The officers, who have not yet
arrived from the East, probably will
Join the torpedo-boats at San Diego,
where the boats may await the New
York, which will convoy them to Pan
ama.
Orders were received at the navy
yard -to place the captured Spanish
gunboat Manila, now lying here, "In
commission. Although it ¦ is not defi
nitely known what the Manila will be
used for, it will probably be a tender to
the Independence and a prison ship, for
which duty she could be repaired at
not very great cost. ' The Manila is at
present in a very bad condition, and to
put her in thorough sea-going repair
would entail an enormous expense.
MEN FOR TORPEDO BOAT.
"WILLITS, Dec. 19. — The firm of W.
D. Duffleld &. Co., dealers in general
merchandise here, made an assign
ment to-day. The liabilities and assets
Willits Firm Slakes Assignment.
These recognitions of the republic
of Panama by the South-Central Amer
ican republics, most of which have held
back until within the last few days,
are expected to have much influence
upon the attitude of Colombia, reveal
ing, as they do, the fee:lng of her sis
ter republics toward propositions to
unite against Panama, such as were
broached by the Paris Colombian rep
resentative yesterday.
General Reyes and Dr. Herran are
still busy with the statement they are
preparing to the State Department
protesting against what is taking place
on the isthmus.
The fact of Peru's recognition of Pan
ama was first- communicated to the
State Department by Dr. Calderon, the
Peruvian Minister. A little Uiier came
a cablegram from Mr. Neill. the United
States Charge d' Affaires at Lima, stat
ing that the Peruvian Government had
appointed a consul to Panama, thereby
recognizing the new Government, as
his credentials were addressed to It.
LIMA, Peru, Dec. 19.— By a decree
dated December 13 the Peruvian Gov
ernment has recognized the republic of
Panama.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. -When M.
Bunau-Varilla, the Minister from Pan
ama, called at the State Department
to-day, Acting Secretary Loomls in
formed him of the receipt of a cable
gram from the United States Minister
at Lima, saying that Peru had decided
to recognize the new republic of Pan
ama.
PERU GRANTS RECOGNITION'.
nau-Varilla, the Minister from Pan
ama, to-day opened the iron box con
taining the ratified canal treaty. The
box contained, in addition to the
treaty, duly ratified by the Junta and
bearing . also the signatures of the
Cabinet Ministers, the official decree
of the Government announcing the
ratification of the instrument. The
exchange copy of the treaty will ar
rive by the next steamer from Pan
ama.
a vote of the national council decided,
ten to one, to hand him his passports,
but that the Government, understand
ing that such action would be tanta
mount to a declaration of war. had ad
vised him that such a step would not
be taken. ¦ . .
Onens Iron Box Holding: Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — M. Bu-
a steamship, the small force of Colom
bian troops, which had been discov
ered at the mouth of the Atrato River,
had sailed to the northward on a Co
lombian gunboat. Admiral Glass has
not been able to verify the report.
bian Congress on October 31 was duly
reported by Beaupre on thafdate, with
the comment that nothing had been
done except a vote of rejection of the
treaty of August 12. He reported great
anxiety over conflicting reports of se
cession in the Cauca and Panama de
partments.
On November 24 Beaupre reported the
situation under control, but expressed
alarm as there was intense feeling
against the Government .and also
against the United States ' because of
the belief that the United Slates had
encouraged the secession movement.
Beaupre said an army of 10,000, com
manded by General Reyes, was being
raised to operate against Panama; pro
vided- the United States woiild. allow
Colombia to land troops.
This telegram reported; also a meet
ing at which a resolution was passed
requesting the Government to call a
convention for the. purpose of amend
ing legislation In order to render pos
sible immediate ratification , of the
treaty. It was opposed by the-Govern
ment and General Reyes as being In
opportune. On November 12 Beaupre
telegraphed that ,he • had Invited
to the Cabinet meeting at. the palace
the. night before. He was asked if he
officially construed the telegram of the
6th to mean that the United States
would not permit the landing of Colom
bian troops. Beaupre replied that the
language needed no interpretation and
that he had no explanations to make.
Beaupre said in this telegram that
Mr. Rico declared this recognition con
trary to all precedents. He stcted that
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— President
Roosevelt to-day transmitted to the
House the third installment of papers
relating to the recent revolution on the
isthmus of Panama. The papers com
prise the correspondence between the
State Department and Minister Beau
pre of Bogota relative to the Hay-
Herran treaty, consisting of 120 letters
and telegrams sent between March 18
and November 19, 1903.
On April 7 Secretary Hay telegraphed
Beaupre to notify Colombia that the
matter of the requests of Colombia to
the canal and railroad "companies for
appointments of agents to negotiate
cancellation of the present concessions
was covered by treaty, "and any
I change would be in violation of the
Spooner law and not permissible."
On April 15 Beaupre reviewed at
length the feeling in Colombia toward
the treaty. On Its negotiations h^
says: .,-.."
'"I am convinced, the, public had never
expected* better terms."
-. In- a later communication on the
subject of adverse public Opinion to
ward the treaty. Mr.'., Beaupre said:
"It is utterly impossible to convince
, these people that the Nicaragua route
i was ever seriously considered by the
United States: that the negotiations
concerning" it ¦ had any other motive
than the squeezing of an advantageous
bargain out of Colombia or that any
other than the. Panama route ever will
•be selected." ¦
The public discussion, he says, was
largely along the line of the loss of
national honor by the surrender of sov
ereignty, while private discussion was
to the effect that the price was inade
quate.
On June 9 Hay sent to Mr. Beaupre
this telegram: . • _
"The Colombian Government appar
ently does not appreciate the gravity
of the situation. The canal negotia
tions were initiated by Colombia and
were, energetically pressed on this Gov
ernment for 'several years. The propo
sitions' presented by Colombia, with
slight modifications, were finally ac
cepted by us. In view of this agree
ment, our Congress reversed its pre
vious judgment and decided upon the
Panama route. If Colombia should
now reject the treaty or unduly delay
its ratification the friendly understand
ing between the two countries would
be so serio-usly compromised that ac
tion mizht be taken by the Congress
next winter which every friend of Co
lombia would regret."
On July 5- Mr. Beaupre sent the fol
lowing confidential telegram to Secre
tary Hay:
"Have received Information privately
that a paraphrase of your cipher tele
gram on June 9 was received in the
Senate secret session. Created Bensa
tion. Construed by many as a threat of
direct retaliation against Colombia in
case treaty is not ratified. This and the
statement of Just arrived members of
Congress from Panama that this de
partment wou!d revolt If the treaty Is
not ratified caused alarm, and the ef
fect is favorable." -
Under date of September 10 Beaupre
cabled the following:
¦ "Fierce attack to-day in. the Senate
upon the appointment, of Obaldla as
Governor of Panama. The appointment
is regarded as being the forerunner of
separation. Of several Senators who
spoke only the son of the President de
fended the action of the Government.
A resolution, passed by almost unanim
ous vote which is equivalent to a vote
of censure against the Government."
In a letter which followed this cable
message Beaupre commented on the
"separatist" tendencies of the newly
appointed Governor of Panama, which
he said were well known.
"He is reported to have said." the
letter continues, "that should the canal
treaty not pass the department 6f Pan
ama would declare its Independence,
and would be right in doing so. That
these are. his opinions there is, of
course, no doubt."
Under date of October 21 Beaupre
communicated a positive feeling of
alarm in Bogota over the possible ac
tion of the United IStates 'should the
feeling in Panama find, expression: in
overt acts. This alarm, he said, was
voiced In the Senate,on:the day pre
vious. . On October 22 Secretary Hay
cabled Beaupre: , .
; "If you find disposition on the part of
Colombia to ask terms more favorable
to Colombia than those heretofore-ne
gotiated you may; Intimate. orally, but
not in writing, that'it will be useless
to send a special envoy."
The final adjournment of the Colom-
President Sends to the House Further
Panama Correspondence.
HAY-BEAUPKE CABLEGRAMS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— The new Wil
liamsburg bridge, the second and
greater bridge across the East Riverr
connecting the boroughs of Manhattan
and Brooklyn, was turned over to the
city and formally opened to-day, the
dedicatory exercises including military
parades from both sides of the river
and the meeting in the center of the
new bridge of Mayor -Low and the
Manhattan borough officials with Presi
dent Swanstrom and other Brooklyn
borough officials, speeches on the plaza
at the Brooklyn end of the bridge and
a dinner in the Hanover Club, Brook
lyn. This was followed this evening
by a irreat water demonstration and
naval parade and a magnificent display
of fireworks from the bridge.
The new . bridge, construction on
which was begun October 28, 1896, is
about a mile above the Brooklyn bridge,
which it greatly resembles in type and
appearance, though much larger. Its
length between terminals is 7200 feet,
its width 118 feet, the Brooklyn bridge
being but eighty-five feet wide. The
bridge proper cost about 511,000,000 and
the condemning of land for approaches
brought the total cost up to about
$21,000,000.
Completion of Project Which
Has Cost an Aggregate' of
Twenty-One Million Dollars
NAVAL . PARADE AT NIGHT
Mammoth Structure Spanning
East Eiver Is\ Dedicated by
Greater New York's Officials
A potent factor in the shaping of the
naval policy on the isthmus will be the
health of the marines. Care will be
taken In the selection of camps and
every possible precaution' against trop
ical illness will be observed. Some of
the towns in which the marines prob
ably will be stationed are Empire,
Georgina and Pcrrto Bello.
Captain Harry Leonard, assistant aid
to the commandant of the Marine
Corps, who lost his arm in the march
to Peking and was advanced for con
spicuous bravery, has asked to be or
dered to the isthmus. The request is
now under consideration by Secretary
Moody. Other officers of the Marine
Corps have applied for similar orders.
However, thus far, Captain Evans, aid
de came to the commandant, is the
only officer, except General Elliott, who
has been definitely, selected.
There are several vacancies among
the officers in the marine force on the
isthmus, which will be filled in a few
days, the reliefs going on the Dixie
with General Elliott.
In official circles to-night it was
stated that Panama, while disclaiming
any obligation to Colombia for a pay
ment of a portion of her debt, will vol
untarily and as an act of comity as
sume such share of it as, in her judg
ment, may be deemed necessary. It is
expected that the formal expressions
of the Government on the subject Is
only delayed pending the statement of
General Reyes, the desire being to note
what demands Colombia wishes to
make.
lutely demands it. It is believed a
more effective scheme will bo to dis
tribute the three battalions among the
towns and villages of Panama other
than the cities of Panama and Colon,
leaving to the navy the protection of
these terminals: It Is possible that
some marines will be encamped on the
high lands in the vicinity" of the border
line, but General Elliott must determine
this after his arrival on the isthmus.
TO GUARD AGAINST) DISEASE. .
GREAT BRIDGE
THROWN OPEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
Continued From Page 33, Column 0.
PEACE OR WAR OH THE ISTHMUS
Heart's-ease does not grow on the
heights of ambition.
are unknown, but It is thought that
the firm will be able to pay in full If
given time.
35
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/. AT SLQANE'S •/.."
XMAS GIFTS
A Splendid Collection to
Select From.
We cannot mention all the appropriate articles we
have but invite you to call and see the offerings in our
several departments— no matter whether you desire to
purchase or not.
Carpet Department— Oriental and Domestic
Rugs
There is always a place for another rug: about .the house.
We have them in all skes and prices— small and inexpensive,
and as large and fine as you please.
Upholstery Department
Silk and Lace Curtains Portieres
Table Covers Sofa Pillows
Couch Covers Comforters
. Draperies
Furniture Deparment
An endless variety of useful and dainty pieces, especially
suited for presents.
Writing Deski Tabourettes
Dressing Tables Music Cabinets
Secretary Bookcases Parlor Cabinets
Easy Chairs Bookcases
Rockers China Clos:h
Mcrris Quirs Parlor Tables
Many N/vel and Exclusive Designs in Every
Department.
OPEN EVENINGS.
' W: & J. SLOANE & CO.
114-116-118-120-122 POST STREET
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO NOT WEARA'lyOXG FACE.
It Is a Great Handicap in Alty Busi-
*" ness and Social Relations.'
The man who looks as if he had lost
his last friend is In no danger of being
crushed by the jam of new ones un-
less he "cheers up." People are not
going out of their : way. nowadays to
associate with the man of mournful and
melancholy appearance. They are
afraid he will tell them his troubles
and they steer clear of him, as they all
have plenty of their own.
The most universal cause of the for-
lorn and hopeless appearance to-day is
dyspepsia. It unfits a man for every
duty of life and causes him to* become
despondent and gloomy and necessarily
his looks do not belie his feelings. He
appears cast down and dejected *and
becomes a burden to himself and hu-
manity in general.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
dyspeptic's certain relief. "They do the
work that his stomaph is unable to
do and by relieving that organ, of its
'burdens permit it to regain; its health
and strength and again become active
and useful in its functions. -They
tain all the essential; ingredients'. that
enter into the, digestive fluids and se-
cretions of the stomach and -\ they, act-
ually take ud the. work and do it Just
as a healthy, sound stomach would.
By this means" a man can go right
ahead with his -work j and eat enough
to keep him in proper working condi-
tion. His system -Is not deprived of
Its necessary nourishment as it is in
the case of tha "starvation cure" or
the employment of some of the first
class chicken foods now on the market.
Starvation, even if it were a good thing,
could not be continued long enough to
effect a cure: for a -disordered and
worn out stomach' is not going to be-
come strong and healthy in two or
three davs.
¦ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act nat-
urally because they contain natural di-
gestives. The principal component
parts are aseptic pepsin, malt diastase
and other ingredients with like proper-
ties that do the work regardless of the
condition of the stomach. There Is no
unnatural or violent disturbance of the
digestive organs as the. result of their
action. In fact, the existence of the
stomach Is entirely forgotten as soon
as they 'have had time to 'begin their
operations. They also possess very
curative and healing properties and as-
sist the stomach in getting well, while
relieving it of its work. They perform
the duties of both nurse and physician.
'¦ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and there : is .very little danger of any
druggist trying to sell you something
else in its place *that«is V'just as good,"
They are so , well establishedf and have
done so 'much good in the world that
their name has become a household
word; so the usual warning, "Accept
no substitute." Is unnecessary in the
case of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Modern Furniture
It adds to the comforts of home life and is al-
ways welcomed. Give something in "fumed" oak
and you will have displayed excellent taste.
The bookcase pictured above is suggested for
the home library. Made of oak wood "fumed" —
no stains or varnish being used in the finishing.
Measures 5 feet wide and 5 feet 8 inches high.
Price $120.00.
A fumed oak settee with leather seat, for the
hall, $30.00.
A desk of heavy con with shelves for
books, in fumed oak, at S 40.00.
A fumed oak Morris chair with big soft
leather cushion back, for a man, $50.00.
A footstool to match — scoop shaped top cov-
ered with leather — price $11.00.
Handy magazine stand with three shelves
open on two sides, in fumed oak, $14.00.
A low round table for afternoon teas, in fumed
oak, $9.50.
All these things are on our first floor — seven
more floors of suggestions if you don't find some-
thing to suit on the first floor. . \
Open four more evenings before Christmas —
December 21, 22, 23, 24. -
FjkyV^-^ (Formerly the California Furniture Co.) J9*V
261-281 GEARY STREET, <&?%£&
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Rely Upon Pe-ru-na to Fight Colds,
Coughs, Catarrh and Grip.
O : — O fected."
Interesting Letters from relief, and with further use of the medicine These are samples of letters received by
« .. „ . ... .. we hope to be able to say she is entirely Dr. Hartman from the vanou3 orders of
UatnOHC institutions. cured."- Sisters of Charity. Catholic Sisters throughout the United
lie sisters of Charity are known. Not fm catarrh of the throat wUh d t<?rs h been withhe i d from respect to
THE I ?u 7 . I *[ ml " lst . er . Y* suit, as the above letter testifies. the Sisters, but will be furnished or. re-
cio'tprci the spiritual and Intel- quest.
GOOD lectual needs of the From, a Catholic institution in Central One-half of the diseases which afflict
WORK charges committed to Ohio comes the following recommend from mankind are due to some catarrhal de-
I f their care, but they also the Sister Superior: . rangement of the mucous membrane lin-
minister to their bodily need, With so .J" £ o a frIend of our Insti .
many children to take care of and to tution recommended to us Dr. Hartman's upon the congested mucous membrane
protect from climate and disease, these Ppr , lna as an pxrp ili.nt rmpHv fnr th» restoring it to its normal state, would
wise and prudent sisters have found Pe- T*I™ * j **, &^?1 ™\* ' Z Y A fpT th ? consequently cure all these diseases. Ca-
runa -i never failine safeguard influenza of which we then had several tarrh^ i s catarrh wherever located.
"^iSrtmfn letters ™ ses Y" ich threatened to be of a serious XiW it be in the head throat, lungs
from Catholic Sisters from all over the character. ; stomach, kidneys or pelvic organs A
United States. A recommend recently "We began to use it and experienced remedy that will cure it in one location
received from a Catholic Institution in such wonderful results that since then win cure , u in . al J , "^^ , n , „,„.
Detroit Mich reads.s follows: Peruna has become our favorite medicine iSSSf^SSS ?££*£??£$%£&
Dr. S. B. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio: for Influenza, catarrh, cold, cough and wr it e at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Dear Sir:— "The young girl who used the bronchitis." f U u statement of your case and he will
Peruna was suffering from laryngitis and Another recommend^from a Catholic in- b f. pleas £l, to eive you hls vaIuabIe ad "
loss of voice. The result of the treatment stitution of one of the Central States writ- \dd ress S "Dr. Hartman. President of The
was most satisfactory. She found great ten by the Sister Superior reads as follows: Hartman, Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
A reward of $10,000 has been deposited in the Market Exchange Bank, Columbus, Ohio, as a guar-
antee that the above testimonials are genuine; that we hold in our possession authentic letters
certifying to the same. Every one of our testimonials are genuine and in the words of the one
whose name is appended.'
Ask four Druggist for free Pe-ru-na Almanac for 1904.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Inherited or Contracted,
Primary or Secondary,
PERMANENTLY CURED
There is no human disease, hereditary
or contracted that requires more heroic
poison In the biood. Hot Sprlnx Baths,
Specific Remedies. Potash. Mercury *n<i
other Poisonous mixtures may either boil
out or drive In the external symptoms for
a time, but they do not eradicate the mer-
rllesa. killing, all-consumtng taint any
more than the fabled fountain of Ponce ds
Leon produced perpetual youth.
My treatment for Syphilitic Blood Pol-
eon contains no dangerou* drugs or In-
jurious medicines. It has been thoroughly
tested in the most severe cases, and ha«
never failed to exterminate the germ of
disease so that a sign never reappears. 'It
completely reorganizes the blood corpus-
cles eliminates the Infectious matter and
forces out every particle of Impurity. Th»
blood the tissue, the nerves, the bones
and the whole system are cleansed, puri-
fied an* restored to perfect health, anrl
the patient prepared ane-w for the duties
and pleasures of. life.
I ALSO CURE
XiOtt Manhood, Vvxvonm Debility,
Wastlnr Draini. Unnatural Weak-
ness, Stricture, Varlcocele. Hydrocele.
Contracted Ailments,' Gleet, Plies,
Rupture, Diseases of Zldneya, Blad-
der, etc.
TXSMS
leEASONABZiS.
>»^ gS55S3(VX^ HO3TEST
if T^M TREATMJBJTT.
H (W^H BaS U CK7ICX AHTP
it /r *HjI9 il ysBMAarsaT
lk. a**L ~^dti Jm " rou cannot
\j^yJhdgjj|gr question list an!
scribing my spe-
cialty.
Correspon<Jenc« confidential.
Cocsultatlon and advice free.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
739 Market Street (Top Tloor), 8. T.
Hours — 9 to 8 daily; 9 to 12 Sundays.
Wright •¦ .
Medical* Institute,
"305 KEARNY ST. r
Thoroughly equipped for modern
treatment of the sick and afflicted.
Consult our physicians at offlc* or -by
letter. «
WE POSITIVELY CXTKE ¦
Female . Diseases, chronic aTTectlona of
the Stomach and Kidneys. Scrofula and
all Blood diseases. Catarrh. Asthma,
Rheumatism. Sciatica. Paralysis and
Spinal diseases.
MEN. consult our specialist and b*
convinced of bis suoerior ability. . !;
PILES and all rectal diseases treated
en a .po«ltiv« guarantee.
Consultation tne at offic* or by
letter.
WRIGHT MEDICAL INSTITUTE. ;
305 KEARN'T ST.. |
San Francisco, CaL ;
I Helpless, Phis teal aa«J Financial suffer so loassrB
For information. write SAN LUIS HOT SUtfli
PHUB SPRINGS. SAN UUtS OBI9PO. CALflf
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Free! FreeO
, To every purchasrr,
To=Morrow (Monday)
DECEMBER 2lst,
to commemorate first anniversary of
our removal, : :
ONE CAKE OF FINE SKIN SOAP
ONE PACKAGE SACHZT POWDER
(ONE- BOTTLE °G000 PERFUME/
with every purchase.
A great variety'of useful and oraa- .
mental holiday goods at moderate
prices.
S. A. McDonnell's Pharmacy
\ 803 MARKET STREET '
> Next cor. Fourth. - Late of Grant Ave. K
SOHENim
! Pare, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery in St. Louh.
. SOLD BVERYWHERB.
' ' ,; H1LBEKT MERCANTILE CO..
iPaclHc Coast Acents.
B^JifflW«w3BBBBJBBPBSKB3BKWWMlr»— *^
v •. ... ... . ¦ _ /. ,
d visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY 5:
9 ' (3 ¦ 1051 KABSK m - te{ - 5rt *?Ji, 3.r. Cil. A
\ Or The Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
A . ¦ TM * World. Vreaknc*«ea or anjr contracted n
' fisfiSSft disease p*»*«'»^'y <«ir»il hy the oldest T ,
- iKS S3 I Specialise on the Colst. lilt. 36 years. ©
A flfjFJfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ F(?xteS Consultation free and strictly print*. \
B I XPffi H Treatment personally or by letter. A M
T I Orn B ftnini Cure in every case undert»l en. V
API II A - Write "" Book - rniLonur ¦ v «r A
\f I (I ' |l>ii tIAniUAGE, MAILED I'KEB. (AT
\ JJ IL\ Taiuable book for torn) < ..¦ . . " \
0 nu. JOItDAX * CO.. 1051 Market Ht..S. P. V
Good for, health and wealth
1 -— -Schilling's Best — at yout
grocer's, and moneyback.THE SAN FRiatNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER - 20, 1HU3.
36
1 W^^^^^^^l^^tf^^ fng^acket as a^gift, the chest "measurement is all that is required in determining the size. H M // ffljL
j$0Mf Wllm \ |^v..,^M^M||9pS^^^BKtl l :.." brown and navy at^S.OoTmade'of 'silk matelasse lined with fine silk or satin at $10.00;
fit$&M "^ v " -MIh n^^^^l * made of velveteen, lined with plain or quilted satin in green, tan, black, brown, navy V; "^^^^1
'Illiif ?i^iiil ®^^^- v| V bought direct from the°weavers. Through these facilities we save every customer from fv^^Jl
'^^W %^^^^^>">^ - WS$ rW& * e also manufacture our bath robes and dressing gowns and sell them to you at |;|^-: 7 ?:fe/ r':; : j
, : < "^ ¦-- . ,_ " Wm Bathrobes made of eiderdown flannel in harmonizing checks, stripes and figures; ti. ;>.'•¦;-•• .-1
B@fe^--- '^?' ;i %' .. ' ;r £u ; *'-:.:: . .. 8^®!^-'"' fastened' with two loops and heavy girdle with tassels around the waist; the prices are Jrmr?%&< -*' t
: ' ¦"¦ : ¦'""¦'¦¦' * A dress gown or bath robe makes a handsome and sensible gift. The garment : |
sketched from Life **'"--."""-.. affords such comfort on those evenings and Sundays when he lounges' about the house.
t Men's Ready=Made Clothes Cravenette Rain Coats Men's and Boys' Neckwear ||!|^Bl
A eood suit r overcoat is a very acceptable gift, because it is The Cravenette rain coat is. a sensible gift,, and it affords the Wc carry an exau i s i te 5tO ck in silk neckwear for men and bovs. . %'-% -'iSBrX-'' I ¥^
so useful. There is sentiment, too, in such a gift— every time the re- wearer such comfort and protection that he is daily thankful to the We can give you any color, design or shape you might desire. Neck- %'% ' ? V/i^^ jS
cipient puts on his clothes he is reminded of gift and giver. thoughtful giver. • 4> • i * r ""wear -is very suitable' for Christmas gifts, v B , v|- ; • . .^tv^g
. Our stock of men's ready-made suits and overcoats comprises We buy the Cravenette cloth direct, from Pnestlev & Co.. own- Men's ties from 23c to Sr.bo each; boys' ties 25c each. .' -^ fi-'E^-"- '
c/ every style, weave, pattern and size, at prices ranging from $10.00 to ers of the Cravenette process, make the garments in our own work- •S--'-S.^**^tt'-?8
t<Sy $3-00. The garments are distinct in style, quality and finish; they shops and sell them direct to the wearer. Our assortment contains ; . v^ m\t$&£$l;£ux
MA fit graceful v. as they easily adapt themsdves to the human form. every style of cloth that is Cravenetted. We are headquarters for Meil S 'llOSiery . I &^^^k,
%S$r They are the kind of garments that make a man look well and feel these goods. The prices range from $10.00 to $2 fl .oo. •'¦- v^^^-^^S&J^
at home j n his clothe-. ... . The materials are cotton. li$Ie, cashmere, worsted and heaw t^^^&^'^'iil^'M-^^^^^'^^^
*£\ ' •¦ • ' • J^P»fi'c jF*5irir''V V'G^T^ wool. Some plain solid colors, others -with fancy embroidered de- Z$$r- ' ¦ V- ••
, • signs. Prices range from 10c to 75c a pair. -. '$&¦' ¦ ¦' /-'Jffi >^^ r V^***»»^^>j^
BOVS' ClOthill6 Made by us in an extensive assprtment. White piaues from — .••*-, - o^IF^^^^I
1 . $1.00 to $2.50; fancy mercerized silks from $1.50 ¦ to • $.1.00; fancv MAti'c afiH Rnvc' fc&$&3£^P& l %K
VV Isn't -it a good :dc a to instill into the little folks" mind, the -P^ies, basket weaves and matting, from $1.00 to $.,.00; fancy wor- iTlCR S> C^U . DU^ OU5>|JCI1UCI 2) F^ff/®B»^^
%l ifl ea of giving presents that are useful and practical? Why not give -**.. fancy silk matelasse at $300 and $3.50. *|g fan bucklcs _ just the thine for ChrisN Mff
<S# your boy a smt^ Possibly you have a small cousm or a nephew to oS^ Cur^ofaHC mas prcsents-from 5O C to $2.00 a pair. ..., V^A|fe^^^f
V|^ whom you could give a stylwh little suit or overcoat Meil S aild t>OyS bWeaterS Boys' suspenders, plain or fancy, from 15c to S oc a pair. fc.^fe?^]:;|
*^*w ve evcrv st >^ e o ' sult — sailors, norfolks, Russian blouses, : _ . . • . l5.v^v\i*.v''.V»:i''H
two and three piece suits, etc., also top coats, automobile coats, long ••./ - ' Immense stock to, choose from, in' all the pleasing color combi- g .*y '* /.'•'.: f | \,M
overcoats and other garments devoted to boys' wear. ••' '• • ' nations; the latest' stitches and knits; all garments hand-finished. /Vif^n'^ 1 * C^^riTIGrit^ 'S ****** *I -.9
Suits for boys from three to ten years are from $2.50 to $7.50; ' The men's sizes are from M to 44 and the prices are $1.00. $i,io, XTltl1 ° Uivyping VJttl ff*Vf*~; §•'.§' # *-'.*-*g' 'f
for boys from seven to fifteen year^ from $2.75 to $10.00; for $2.00 $2.50, $300, $.^0 and $4.00. f . fi V, • As one-third of a man's, life is spent in bed, a sleeping garment |" *|w 'vj '\
f youths from twelve to nineteen years, from $6.00 to $25.00. The boys' sweaters arc made- in ages from two to fne. for ,.,c rhri«tm« c'ift We have nifrht K' '• 1 -fl
?r.oo and $1.50. and for larger boys at 75 C $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $i-7S makcS a VCr> ' use ™ Ch [ stmas 8 "; We haxe night shirts and g -^ftfflJr. I
, <^ j pajamas, made 01 muslin, flannelette, madras, cheviot, sateen and r" '^^SMflli '^
_ ' „ - • < \~ . • 1 a-a •/* Scotch flannels. Some are plain and others are fancv trimmed. t$ REStf%&>mnSiSm.'.ii
Men's Made=to-Order Clothes A sweatcr 1S a SD K ' -n lc n iC ht shirts are ,IC 7 " ( S^- $r. 5O and $,.«, eaC h. . -
...... m _ « . r : - - - TIie pajamas are $1.00, $1.50, ?_>.oo, $2.50, $3.00 and $3. .=50 a suit. >'nS mMwaSSmMfir
Mpn'c llndprvvp^r ¦ •
Our assortment of goods for making clothes to order comprises 1T1CHO U11UCI WCttl • .
every weave and pattern identified with the season. The material is It doeSi not ' m . atter what of :^i£ial, style of garment, color Meil'S HafldkerChief S and Reefers $•'!/"'^iJ^-l
purchased by us direct from "the mills-; this, together with a large or sizc you want in undcrwcar# we can supplv your needs at a savinR U^W^^^^i
volume of business, enables us to make stylish garments to order at of a V least cent over any other retailer in California. Our Silk handkerchiefs in various sizes at 2^c re we 7-c an d «t rv> &^<]^W¥M
prices much less than those of exclusive Uilors who buy their goods pr i ces are $1.00, $i. S o, $2.oo,.$2. 5 o, $3.00, $ 4 .oo and $5.00 a suit. each 5 * handkcrchiefs in "f IOUS S1ZCS at 2 > c > w ' 7^ c and $ I0 « I
¦&$>. from iobbe'rs. We make clothes to order in every style, and the • .. v " . , . . , , ; . ," \ 't:*»"SV^V»irJv|'*vl
*«fe:.5 * {, t,-,^*,, {4-aa -' • Silk initialed handkerchiefs at 50c. ' • r.'#« ¦>'•'• '•'. X# :| : *.«B
a?\ i v prices range from 510.00 to 54S-OO. . , «»- • * r\ % r*** • 1 T - v- - y, t • <• „ • • • i- -, , " '«•'—•» « •.•>.?-«
A "Merchandise Order" on this department makes a very prac- ' ' "iVten S SLtiQ OOVS ShiriS ' Linen handkerchiefs, all sues, plain white or with fancv borders A.eHH' • * : 'i. 't
B\ tical and acceptable K ift. ''¦ J ¦ or eenterB. 35c. .«c and soc.; -• '*• ' I '1
f ' ' Shirts for men in colored goods, in soft and stiff styles, at -50c, Large silk reefers, made of fast black heavy silk, at $1.00, $1.50, 5 £-.i • r'- •. 1 !§L«ttv
- - . - «-j . mm . Shirts for bovs in colored and white at 50c, 75c and $1.00. 'HrlSf^$M
vi:h leather tops. $1.00 and $1.50: automobile caps in cloth and Bags and -grips, made of the above materials, from $2.50 to $8.00. \^^^- •• " : -^^^|/ ' i Vi\ ''^"^'^^'•¦•'••^''i^Wk
Vtv a "Merchandise Order" for a hat or cap is a good gift. lined with silk, from $1.00 to $2.00 a pair. • ' l^liP^-vN^^ ¦' * '^ ''"¦•li*>sented with a gold watch and chain
by his associates and relatives last Fri
day evening. The presentation was
pr. McElroy Receives Gift.
Dr. B. F. McElroy, superintendent of
the City and County Hospital, was pre-
mads as a token of esteem, in which
he is held and for the good services ho
has rendered as head of the institution.
Germany heads the list as a reading
nation, and Russia is falling to the
last of the list.
not been seen or heard from qlnce.
Whits has searched the city for the
missing young man, but has been un
able to locate him. Last night he no
tified the police and gave them a de
scription of Grigg. The other member
of the firm conducting the drug store
is Dr. Keegan, who is now in the south.
White is left alone with the store on
his hands.
Grigg's father is Thomas M. Grigg
of Berkeley. The youth Is 23 years old
and has dark hair and a small black
mustache, and is quite heavily set.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The steamer Fin
land, which left Antwerp -at noon 'to
day for New York, is ashore : at Nieu
nelus, near Flushing, Holland. 1 The
weather is thick and foggy. Assist
ance has been sent to her.
Steamer Finland Is Ashore.
*' Angeline- Archibald '.was arrested last
night" by* Patrolman J. E.* Reade and
booked " on ' a I charge of. grand larceny.
John Brown, p. recent' arrival from Ari
zona," is | the • complaining witness '. in the
case.. He alleges that the woman, stole
$42o frqnvhlhv In a' Kearny-street lodg
ing-house Friday night. The woman is
a habitue of the^ Barbary Coast and
when searched at the City Prison $300
was found concealed on her person.*'.*'-
Robbed in Lodging-House.
The Occidental Kindergarten Asso
ciation'.will hold - a' Christmas • festival
in Union Square Hall -to-morrow'after
noon; Gifts will be given the (children
by the charitable women engaged" in
the work. . ¦¦ i ' •
Christmas Festival.
L. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacramen
to, is at the Occidental.
Louis Vetter, a capitalist of Los An
geles, is at the California.
William A. Kerkhoff, a lumberman of
Minneapolis, Is at the Palace.
A. Stuart of Detroit, who is interest
ed in California timber lands. Is at the
Palace.
F. B. Zahn, superintendent of con
struction at Mare Island, Is at the Oc
cidental.. !
Assistant Adjutant General N. S.
Bangham came down from Sacramento
yesterday and is registered at the Oc
cidental. . , . .
Commanders A. F. Dlxon and William
Truxton, U. S. N., are down from Mare
Island and are registered at the Occi
dental. '
Attorney Bert Schleslnger has re
turned from a visit to St. . Louis, whith
erhe went several weeks ago on ¦ legal
business.
PERSONAL.
A ceremony most interesting in Ma-
Eonry, the conferring of the thirty
third degree, honorary, upon a class
of members of the: fraternity entitled
to receive the same, this being the
highest degree, was held yesterday
afternoon in the commandery hall of
the Masonic Temple.
Those of the class to receive this
degree were Governor George C. Par
dee, W. H. Crocker.' James MacMul
len of the San Diego Union, Captain
James Macdonald*. A. A. Ott, Henry
Burner, Charles C. Van Vaikenburg
of Fresno and Morris Goldstein of
Arizona. The officers who conferred
the degree on all except Mr. Crocker,
who had it conferred UDon him short
ly before leaving the, State recently,
were W. Frank Pierce, acting as sov
ereign commander; T. ; H. Goodman,
lieutenant commander; W. A. Davies,
Fred J. H. RIckon, Thad Kent,
Charles L. Pierce, F. L. Jones, H. L.
Cline and Major E.' A. Sherman..
- r The event was followed by a ban
quet'at "the California' Hotel;, at \whlch
Charles L. : Pierce was the-toastmaster.
There were no set toasts, but the prin
'cipal speakers' were» the Governor,
Major ; Sherman and -T.'iH. Goodman.
Governor of the State One of the Can
• dldntcs for Advancement In the
Fraternity.
RECETVE HIGH DEGREE
IN MASONIC ORDER
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — At the sec
ond session of the National Civic Fed
eration to-day it was decided to or
ganize four special sections represent
ing the building trades, metal trades,
public service corporations and tex
tile industries, each section to be com
posed of a committee of nine mem
bers, three members being appointed
from each of the three classes rep
resented in the Civic Federation, the
employers, the wage earners and the
public. Power was vested in Presi
dent Hanna to .appoint these commit
tees. These committees when ap
pointed will also seek to promote the
joint trade idea in all these lines
whenever practicable.
By a resolution unanimously adopt
ed it was, also decided to carry out in
each of the cities selected by the ex
ecutive officers the policy of concilia
tion now operative in the Civic Fed
eration. This was In response to many
applications for s the appointment of
conciliation committees in cities In
which* no local organization of the
federation has yet been formed.
National Civic Federation Or
ganizes in Four Sections Rep
resenting Various Branches
Thomas H. Williams gave a bachelor
dinner and housewarming at his resi
dence at 2900 Pacific avenue last night.
Covers were laid for fifty /guests and
the evening was enjoyably spent in
feasting and Bpeechmaking. Many of
the gentlemen present were called upon
for toasts and they responded with
pleasing talks.
Those present were Hermann Oelrlchs,
Eugene Lent, D. T. Murphy, T. Holden,
Dr. Vowinkel, Clarence Waterhouse,
Henry J. Crocker, W. S. Leake, H. Cres
well, Major McLaughlln, Captain Ly
man, Alexander Hamilton, Charles E.
Paxton, John W. Ferris. Thomas Mo-
Caleb, J. D. Harvey, W. C. Ralston.
N. Berg, J. Naglee Burke, W. Dean,
Dr.* Shaw, Thomas BInney, J. O'B.
Gunn, B. Byrne, John D. Spreckels, F.
Zelle, R. Pease, Dr. J. Keeney, James
Bishop, Charles Dunphy, Edward
Steele, William F. Herrln, Hcraco G.
Platt, Major Rathbone, J. T. Quay,
George Ives, • Lewis Lissak, George
Sparry, Joseph Terry, W. J. Martin,
Frank Moffltt, Adam Andrew, Peter F.
Dunne, Truxtun Beale, J. C. Klrkpat
rick, Alexander Center, S. G. Murphy,
David Bixler, Robert P. Rithet and
Thomas H. Williams. ' .; v-;
Round the Festal Board and En-
Joy Night's Pleasure.
Fifty Prominent Men of City Gather
Harry H. Grigs, a partner in Picker
ir.ff's drag store, at 12S2 Stockton street.
Is reported missing:. Grigrg roomed over
the store vrlth a clerk, Chester H.
White. White says that his employer
disappeared last Thursday, and he
fears that he has met with foul play.
Grigs: was a Junior in the College of.
Physicians and Surgeons. He came
home on Wednesday night and slept
in his room with his clerk, as usual. He
got up early Thursday morning: and has
Friends Fear H. H. Grigs, Partner In
Pharmacy at 1232 Stockton Street,
lias Slet Foul Play.
WILL REMEDY
LABOR DEFECTS
THOMAS H. WILLIA5IS IS
HOST AT BACHELOR DINNER
DRUG STORE PROPRIETOR
IS AMONG THE MISSIXG
Tli^JSAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
37
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL FUR ATTRACTIONS
FOR XMAS WEEK==
_^&ga FUR SETS
(fflSz&SxSg? Children's sets in French Ermine, Squirrel, An-
tagj|i||ga Kora, Iceland Lamb. Thibet, etc. $1.00 to #S.r>O
FUR STOLES
'-fO^Wm^ Made of Mink, Sable Opossum, French Sable,
flffiNmFF^ !'<"ack Marten, Siberian Squirrel, E5rook Mink, etc,
VWmVA \ FUR B0AS
WbetsV \ Sable Fox, Isabella Fox, Black Marten, Sable
1 H«»^*'^v / Opossum, Alaska Mink, etc. From $4.5O to
JhH^3@& Fur Jackets Fur Muff s"
BsBBmEB&EB^ Wft are Ktl11 sel1 ' The demand for
|BaWH»Bg»»aw ins those beautiful Muffs still con-
ftffi^reJBGSgggr near seal Jacket3 tinues. We have
t'&tifSil^t^hitan »viat ir>nk 7!1ca t>.» them in' all styles
lSflti^P -nat look like tl.e Rn( , qua n tles
\ft2r r \ rcal sealskin - From 810.00 to
,^Z.\' y Price ...Sa.i.OO | j S5Q.00
This applies to every article in our
Cloak 2nd Suit Department. When you //Q^^^^^
consider how new, stylish and exclusive • /y"jp<$
our garments are, you will at once realize ¦
what a gTeat discount this is. No article mjf^^^^^
reserved — all arc less 20 per cent. No- fts!ff\i ' j& l WMfr
where can such a high-class assortment be Q\?A \rr^M^$*i
f ° un ''-
Open Evenings Until Christmas T7flf/lli'» |
TO CCOftK & FUR CO.
WE&R217Grant Avs.mmm \
KEARNY AT POST |^| yv if^ C^ W% Y^% d^%L £T^ KEARNY AT POST
/VIKKCHANDISE ORDERS . |§W^ ffl i i fffl B"^^k B^S^ H B QLOVE ORDERS HAT ORDERS
mas shopping easier. The recipient selects ¦ \ - _ . "^ *^^; '^' . endless variety to order insures the best
W'h -it llf Prefers * ' " * ** * * ** j-hmilimiiiljuiiiiiiiiwuuiiiilw.,— mil ¦!¦¦ im _ mn«ji iijiiwu—wmiL. 1 iii.i^i i o luiimriMln jimii m ii»i 11 1 ¦ ¦ ¦! n— iiMinni iuMi iu i inn ¦ CriOOS6 frOm ... Vint f4 00 t I I
' ' ' * " '¦", ~-v C -'
Attractive Christmas Gifts T~~~ ;|: . .. Attractive Christmas Gifts
HOME COMFORTS • V i / I I TRAVELERS' WANTS
JmoRNiNG " II>JI>JOV ' A ' rioI> i SUITCASES
Warm, comfortable i^P^I^Mi tl^ll^&iikj f ' 0R MEN and w 0ME.N KIT<^ 0^^^^^^^^^.
fFr0m$5t0$35. WlS^S 1O ° k f ° r *' '' "' '' '' IWj^ft"P^^PT m^s paS'lndt"' I^^^Sl the sole agency here for the hi C h-
W l«Ki^ bm-th robes fe» ' 1 •' ' kin It n W-'fit h Srl%^ trradc Suit Cases, Bags and Kits made by the : :
In this wide range , ipS tIJc&Z, a °£L™* ' U \ ' st«d7f twdeT W 'it \lmWk cross comi-MNY
yOU are SUre tO -i-ife""® and im P° rtcd - *7 pSf I^Slll^® ' the same time it keeps y%*f fp&lrs^ OF ' LONDON «nd NBW YORK
i N ? CK All the newest shapes and latest ¦-* -.->,»•: - ofTadi^s^H^rTrunks, Ladies' Skirt Trunks, '¦'-
SILK: 1 1 • One in a box — novelty wteAR effects in silks, 50c. to $5.00. ' M^n's^ Coach Tr^ Suit Cases .......... .......$5.00 to $30
SUSPEND- buckles. Special 75c. :• We wish to call, particular attention to our QPAQONARl P ANn "" '' '' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' 1 Club Bags $3.50. to $9
ERS §il Others of German silver specially imported Silk Blankets from the " f S£w,^n fi oV c^i^rc I ~" ~~ English Oxfords and Kits .. .$10.50 to $35
and plated buckles, 61.50 and $2.00. : : Macclesfield looms of J. H. Bucklngliam & SbRViOtlAtSLb Ulh I b /0^^k STETSON HATS Novelty Toilet Sets $3.50 to $16
Co., and Virgoe, Middleton & Co., of London, .. , « ~ .. - n . fi , ft fl - ft Every tims we seI1 a " Stet " Steamer Rugs $4.00 to $25
Hi^h-grade Suspenders— sterling silver buckles. England We make up these blankets in men S lireSS JUllb . . $Di.3U 10 $Ou.UU /^^^^^H_ son" we either gain a custom- I
Initialing without char g; , $2.50 to $7.00. i a^ s^res for $3.50. = ::, = := Hm'S T B Xed0 SttitS . $35.00 to $52.09 Wmm& Z^f^onl^J.* | HOL1DaY ¦ M , f , , i
— ¦ w i^ — — ¦ wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I * i 3S' *» *_> L 1 L> >V X Made Ol SOle IPlthpf
1 : Youths Tniedo Smts . $25.00 to $32.59 our «> 4 n« always suitcase, liM .,.
FANCY .. Fancy colored linen, and SILK... Handsomely mounted. From „ , c . r t ,„ t PRICE the s»m: special. '"7-™
HflNDicBR- silk and Iinen Handker . UMBREI ,. S2 . 50 to su.oo. : : *¦ « Frocks— Coat and Vest . . . ,... „ . . ?"* r 1 et> . bras . s ock .
chiefs. . ch . efs . n new art cdors _ LflS , ,, *T * 1 $30.00 and $40.00 LUX ur.ous . . ,v«,.-*~f in *"**«">&• ¦ I - • • •
abo white and co.ored, borders. From $1.00 tuIe in our am J e l*Z*nmeX JZ Me* DnaTraSOS . $7.50 to $11.00 ? ILI< .-««*«• • SS^iSS^ ™ ""|Is2
to SI. 50. ::::::::: t :: Jt , , , l ji j i * « handsomely and richly trimmed — the acme of " u *"*" *^.^v
' an endless variety of handles and large assort- i) re^ W a ktcnat<; for Da v anA comfort and luxury in sleeping K arments.. -Most ' '
ment of silks. Your selection in both will be r "*?,„ e* nn 4 i? en' suitable for hoHday gifts. Nothing finer can be : : 1
u- a a 'a * a Evening . . . $3.00 tO $7 50 found anywhere. From §0.50 to $18.00. p; ne wn ite JaDanese
initialed All pure linen— hand em- combined and made to your order. : : : : i^wuug . .jw.vv iu «?i.aw others in madras, cheviots, flannels, etc ?i.5O SILIC i t • «, H p'iTS
HAN E D Fs E ri broidered)haIfdozeninbox IZZZZIIZZIZZZZZ: Men's Overcoats . . $10.00 to $55.00 I to^coe. ; ; : : vt :::::::: | nightshirts 2;^^™;
CHIEFS ' ¦ -two qualities. $2.00 miuTARY • • • Nea tiy and com- 1 Men's Cravenettes . . $15.00 to $35.00 I ~ 77~ A — ' —^TTI ' -—
and $3.00 the box. :::::::: HAIR BRUSHES t , ,- V FULL DRESS S.Ik and satin quilted i
1 • -J handsome steer, seal and SneTathe? _,. ~~ k muRFLERS FANC Y , .Nevv effects, rich coloring
— — I cases- From $3.50 to S5.5O the pair. The storc W1 " b c open assortment. 91.5O to $7.00. :::::: HOSIERY eat combinations; cotton,
F?J\r*C2Y i t I • U5<rh^«:t ornAt>% of • mi <~l • " ' ' Hsleorwool. 2oC to o2.
__*'„' -^nest graaes or ' —^ every evening till Christmas ' ¦
UNDcR\A/EAR domestic and im- I" 1 1| GLOVES Our stock of Men's Gloves em-
ported Men's Undergarments in mercerized rflNES Malacca, Ash, Congo and end- AyrATT i -ij- rac f. s n XX x^% bcst ; kn o wn PWm anfl fanrv p ff prt<; in
; . ... , j -n C/tlNE6» » # \Jt All 11 I? Tl T? X? C makes, including Dents, Cross, Fownes, Per- ic • • • * lain ana Ianc y errecis, in
- cotton, wool, silk and wool, and pure silk. less variety of fancy woods, in M AIL \J IV U JL IV O rin's. Adler's and others. From to Z^X^.Z^ many varieties, suitable for
Per suit, $4.00 to 820.00. : : : : : plain and novelty trim. $1.00 to $5.O0. r>r> r\\/T nTT \r T? T T T t^ t*\ 9 3 -5O. : : : : : : : : : : : : : : MUS>lbKY holiday gifts, $2 to S5.0O.
I I • - N | x ivUJVl Jl X jLj Y p I JL/.L/ Pj I J Glove orders honored at any time. : : :
ADVEBTISEMENTS. /*;'.
a M not wa it anot her year, but buy one now. We offer a rJB
ilPJpii B Jf£ excellent piano, mahogany, oak or walnut case, ivory | j
WfJsFM SJrX keys, perfect action, beautiful tone, evenly balanced Hi
'fflJW J • We arc headquarters for musical instruments, tal k |f
mSS jM "*£ machines, music boxes. We are sole agents for the b J
WEi Jm\ SIMPLEX, the only perfect piano player. Call and in- p||To'Try Fisher Again.
BERKELEY, Dec. 19.— After the dls^,
agreement last night of the Jury try
ing the case of Sam Fisher, the sa
loon, man charged with disturbing the
peace of E. E. Newton, who was as-
Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz Is Honored
by Members of the Big Organ
ization.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz was re
elected president of the Musicians'
Union at its meeting last Friday. This
makes his second term in the chair
and the members delight; in honoring
their distinguished leader. The other
officers elected were Vice President, C.
P. Abbiati; secretary, John A. Keogh;
treasurer, T. Eisfeldt; sergeant at
arms, E. Magnus; board of directors,
J. J. Atkins, .G. Blake, J. H. Bromber
ger, W. Cellarius, W. Delany, C. A.
Dickman, G. Kiel, J. Kunzelman, J. J.
Matheson, J. Wenzel and J. F. Fitzger
ald.
The following officers were elected
by the Amalgamated Society of Car
penters and Joiners at a recent meet
ing:
President, Robert Chipchase; vice
president, E. Graham; secretary, R. H.
Kelly; treasurer, R. Uglow; check
steward, D. C. Quinn; steward, E.
Wells; doorkeeper, R. Morgan; branch
referee, Peter Steedman; executive
committee, Charles A. Nelson, John
Delhanty, A. Moore, Peter Riddle and
W. W. Freeland; auditors, Thomas
Doan and W. W. Freeland; trustees, S.
Conning, R. Wells, P. Riddle, H.
Sheppard and E. Graham; delegates to
Building Trades Council, Charles A.
Nelson, W. W. Freoland, Robert Chip
chase, J. F. Runge and D. R. Frayer;
delegates to District Council, Charles
Nelson, C. D. Lucas, P. C. Kennedy
and H. Sheppard; business agent,
Charles A- Nelson. .
The Bath-House Attendants' Union
No. 10,849 elected the following of
ficers:
President, M. Allen; vice president,
D. Shea; treasurer, Miss A. Duran; re
cording secretary, P. M. Kennedy;
financial secretary, F. Salazar; busi
ness agent, J. Jones; delegates to Labor
Council, J. Harby and S. M. Kennedy;
trustees, Miss A. Mooney, Miss A.
O'Connell and J. Harby;' guidesi M.
Dominguez and E. B. Stolle; guardian,
Reiley.
The Women's Auxiliary of Typo
graphical Union No. 21 elected the fol
lowing officers:
President, Mrs. T. Foley; vice presi
dent, Mrs. Philip Johnson; recording
secretary, Mrs. George Barron; finan
cial secretary, Mrs. Grant Munson;
treasurer, Mrs. John Collins; guide,
Miss Sorrell; trustees, Mrs. Bickell.
Mrs. Payne and Mrs. Olwell.* The in-
KH-ELECTED PRESIDENT
OF MUSICIAN'S UNION
Paris Bakers Vote to Strike.
PARIS. Dec. 19. — The vote to-day
of the Bakers' Union In favor of a
strike" caused uneasiness and fears of
a bread famine.
Four Thousand Men Out of Work.
CHICAGO, Dec. 19. — Four thousand
men employed by the Illinois Steel
Company in South Chicago will be
laid off for an indefinite period on
Thursday, the day before Christmas,
according to a notice sent out by the
officials of the company to-day.
SUES A UNION" FOR DAMAGES.
Plumbers* Association Resents an At
tack Uport Xon-Union Men.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 19.— The Master
Plumbers' Association and the Con
tractors' Association of Cincinnati to
day instituted proceedings for dam
apes against the Central Trades Coun
cil and the local plumbing workmen's
union as the result of an attack made
by strikers on the non-union men on
a plumbing job who refused to quit
work. The foreman was rendered un
conscious.
The associations seek to enjoin the
unions from calling out men who may
be In arrears on union dues and from
interfering with work where such men
are employed; ask for damages for
the calling out of the plumbers be
cause men in arrears were working on
a ntw hospital, and demand the arrest
of the individuals for having assaulted
the plumbing foreman. No Question of
wages or hours Is involved.
DENVER, Dec. 19.— At a conference
between Governor Peabody and Adju
tant General Sherman M. Bell it was
decided to withdraw the troops gradu
ally from both the Cripple Creek and
\he Telluride mining districts. Orders
have been iesued to reduce the Cripple
Creek force Immediately from 375 to 300
men, and to relieve 115 men at Tellu
ride, thus cutting the force in that dis
trict to 325 men. At the first of the
year another cut is to be made.
"Within thirty days," predicted Gen
eral Bell, "the troops will all be with
drawn from the field. The strikes are
practically over. There are 3200 min
ers at work in Cripple Creek, and the
Telluride mines one after another are
being reopened."
Governor Peabody has offered a re
ward of $500 for the arrest and convic
tion of the dynamiters who wrecked
five miners' homes at Newcastle on
December 17, "or any one directly con
nected with the perpetration of said
outrage."
Secretary W. D. Haywood of the
Western Federation of Miners said this
afternoon that President Moyer of the
Western Federation of Miners has re
turned to Pueblo and intends staying
there and testing the rights of the
Pueblo officers to cause him to leave
town.
GEORGETOWN, Colo., Dec. 19.—
When the District Court to-day ad
journed until Monday 120 talesmen had
been examined but no jurors had been
accepted In the Sun and Moon mine
dynamiting case. The effort. to secure
a jury will be continued on Monday.
Governor Offers Beward for Ar
rest of Men Who Blew IJpMin
ers* Homes With Dynamite
MINES BEING REOPENED
Bell of Colorado Will Grad
ually Withdraw Troops From
Cripple Creek and Telluride
GENERAL SAYS
STRIKE IS LOST
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
PRESIDENT WILL GIVE
TURKEYS .TO EMPLOYES
White House Attaches and Servants
Will All Be Remembered by Mr.
Roosevelt on Christmas.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— President
Roosevelt will present to each' mar
ried man connected with the service
of the White House a Christmas tur
key. It will take 125 turkeys to go
around, fpr the .White House force is
much larger than it used to be.
President McKinley began the prac
tice of presenting turkeys to the em
ployes of the executive - mansion, but
his gif ts\ were confined to those per
sons who are employed inside .the
house. Mr. Roosevelt will include all
married policemen on duty in the
White House, grounds, of which there
are nearly forty; coachmen, footmen,
stablemen 'and others. , .
President, J. Pegman; vice president,
S. Pedgrift Jr.; recording secretary, E.
M". Evans; financial secretary and
treasurer, J. T. Kerns; inside sergeant,
John German; trustees, A. Bayles, R.
Rutherford and F. Clausen: delegates
to the Building Trades Council, A. Bay
lcs, A. Hillam and J. T. Kern3.
. The following officers elected by the
Material Teamsters' Union last Thurs
day evening will be installed Janu
ary 7:
G. Walker, president: J. Lewis, vice
president; John Pierson, recording sec
retary; William Greer, financial secre
tary; trustees, E. Williams, C. Christ
ensen and J. Mitchell.
The local Painters' Union has voted
In favor of. the following m?n for the
national board: .
J. C. Blackhorn, president; M. P.
Carrick, secretary and treasurer; first
vice president, George F. Hedrick; sec
ond vice president, James Scott; third
vice president, J. C. Kemp; fourth vice
president, Charles March.
The election was in charge of the
following committee: W. E. Scully. W.
P. Ward, J. L. Donovan and P. H.
Mosher. '•
sistlnff the Ladles' Aid Society at a
"rummage sale," Justice Edgar set next
Tuesday as the time for fixing upon the
day when Fisher shall be tried again.
The jury that was discharged last night
stood six for conviction and six for
acquittal.
stallation will .take place January 11.
at which time a lunch will be served.
A committee was appointed to revise
the by-laws. A new seal pr^fs has been
purchased. •
' ? !
VARIOUS LABOR UNIONS
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
Organizations Prepare to Start the
Xcw Year With New Men
in Control.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— E. Barrett has
succeeded J. Flynn, resigned, as dele-
gate from the Housemovers' Union to
the Federated Trades Council. .
The following officers have been
elected by the Carpet Mechanics' and
Upholsterers' Union:
President, S. Young; vice president,
H. Fisher; financial secretary. R.
Tambling; recording secretary, Charles
O'Neil; sergeant at arms, O. Hague;
trustee, Charles I O'Neil: delegate to
State convention of the Building Trades
Council, Charles O'Neil. The officers
will be installed January 7.
The Plasterers' Union haa elected the
following officers:
38
PRAGEBS ¦•..•.;,., . ....« I :•¦•.-¦ .¦..-,:., PBA&EBB. ¦¦ V I PBAGEBS \ " PRAOEBS | PRAGEBS
[| To Encourage Early Shopping |
Will Be Given With^All Purchases Every Day This Week Until Christmas
-AFTER 12 o'clock the usual number of Green Trading Stamps Will Be Given.
Christmas- Week Specials Arranged to Help Shoppers
' , Make Their Gift Selections. |tj ; -
acsvaV3^reuabli. gains in Every* Department. g • awawwmjable
B* 1250 MARKET ST.«*"^ I » H 1238- 1250 flARKETST-'
Sensible Suggestions. A Carnival of Low Prices Holiday HintsforXmas
T"-~T~T7 T^ ~T~7Z I in Own !"*****/¦? T/^X7l/iri*l A MONG these items will be found ar-
\X/E have tried to select the most use- 1H \SUV kfiFQQXj I OylClIla. A tides of wear that are always wel-
VV ful articles in our entire novelty . / , f * come . We have a complete line of
stock for your thought. Theva- «p H IS final week before Christmas will see many everything: that is in demand at the hoH-
nety is immense and these items will be i reductions on our big toy stock. It is our poUcy day season and our quality and prices are
very helpful. not to carry ' ove r any toys, and to insure the sale. dependable.
PERFUMES. of every article we have marked prices that cannot be , TOILET SETS.
10c— Eastman's — two bottles in a fancy equaled for their low figure by any other store in this «.">c a set— Ebony comb and brush with
b ox# city. We have an immense variety — our entire base- sterling silver mounting; real bristle; put
15c— Two cakes of soap and one bottle ment being devoted to the stock— and our prices are up in a neat box.
of perfumery. only the most moderate.. $1.OO a set— Ebony comb and brusn;
25c — Three bottles of perfumery in a $i2.85— 26-inch kid bodv dolls; bisque head, lfeht sterling silver mounted; Russian bristles,
fancy box or dark woven hair, sleeping eyes and lace stockings; $1.<±1> a set — Brush, comb and mirror;
25c to $2.00 each— Fancy atomizers. regular $3.25 value. ebony sterling silver monntings; real bris-
EBONY GOODS 18c eacn — Dress dolls: worth 35c and 50c. Special. ties in brush and bevel plate glass in mir-
71., * y.*' . Sl.OO— 20-inch china closets; three shelves and glass ror. , ,
(Silver Mounted.) do^ rs Specia i. ?l.p8— Military set, consisting of full •.
$2.50 up to $7.50 — Brush/ comb and 75c — Kitchens and grocerj- stores. Special. size pair of ebony brushes and neat hard
mirror in fancy case. • 25c and up — Metal sailboats. rubber comb; all sterling silver mounted;
i^S.OO up — Ebony manicure sets. 18c — Iron train, ensrine. tender and freight cars. put up in. leatherette box.
-5c each — Ebony manicure articles, sil- $1.OO — A wooden train, engine, tender and passen- ! HANDKERCHIEFS.
ver mounted. ger picture blocks in car. Worth $i-35- Some in 50c each —^00 dozen linen lawn hand-
MIRROR.S. metal without blocks. $1.00. Special. kerchiefs of all the newest designs and
$1.OO — Silver-plated mirrors, French • $1.00 — Upright piano; mahogany and white enam- patterns; lace, lace with insertion, hem-
plate glass; either ring or straight handles. e i e d : 12 keys. stitched and embroidered and scalloped
Worth .$1.75. • $1.OO — Steam engine upright and donkey; complete, embroidered edges. These are our Regular
CLOCKS. ready for use. Regular $1.50 value. 6oc, 65c and 75c handkerchiefs. Special.
75c each — Fancy ebonoid clock?; regu- 25c up — Steam toy attachments; man playing banjo $1.5O a box — soo dozen finest sheer
lar $1.25 values. and many other styles. linen lawn handkerchiefs; assorted pat-
STERLING SILVER NOVELTIES 50c— Reuben stable with horse, wagon, cow, pig and terns; lace, lace and insertion, hemstitched
25c ca ch-Nail files, shoe horns, buUon- d °" k^ - ; ; colaLin^st^^Spe^.^ | & Sg
h °45 S cS-Ma C nicure articles; heavy sil- WOlft^S Wear. Men's Furnishings. . GLOVES, .
ver gray finish. _ l - p ANCY underwear A COMPLETE line
JEWELRY. *t £-" for women and /-\ of swell : up-to-date stitching; all the latest New York and
50c up— Handsome gold filled brooches. chilaren is here in fancy wear for men Paris shades and effects Special.
15c up— Beltpins. ; " great variety. —the most practical of We issue glove orders.
$1.25 up to $15.OO— Gun metal and HOSIERY. .Christmas gifts. SMOKING JACKETS
German silver chain purses. . • ¦ 85c a pair— Women's HANDKERCHIEFS. $5.OO— Golf cloth coats in 'black, dark
BAGS AND SUIT CASES. gauze lisle hose, lace oc^ each — Children's green, Oxford and wine color; finished
$4.75 and up— Real alligator club bags, boot, silk embroidered. novelty handkerchiefs; with neat p i a j d co n ar , cu ff s and pockets,
lined with leather and hand sewed; patent Regular $1.00 value. ¦ reproductions in . colors ! /' - ' • " : .
spring lock. • FANCY APRONS $5.OO_A11 wool eiderdown robes in "
50c and up— Imitation alligator bags;. > 25c, and 50c— . s f v ' n 8 s u^ nd P a » gray and Mack, red and black, tan and *#&?«*
strong brass locks. -. , . Aprons made of a fine Mother Goose, Mother brown and b i ue and hlack combinations.
' CIGARS. ' - - quality of. India linon HubDard, Alphonse and . They are finished with silk cord at neck " '
«12R Tlnv nf 12— Mardi Gras* cabi- and elaborately trimmed Oas.on and .Buster. and heavy worsted cord at waist.
•Tiri ¦ "with laces or embroid- Brown. Instructive as LOUNGING GOWNS.
nC $l loo-Box of 12-La Rosa de Castel- eries and ribbon. Special. welU amusing. AH- fast m , 0#00 - and ?10>00 _ L
lane; regular ioc size. WEAR-^ APS W E A R gowns of imported German golf cloths in
j OOc— Box of 12— James Lick; ioc size. $1.2o — Made of N^wtAK. Oxford, wine and black combinations;
J)Oc— Box of 12— General Arthur; ioc cream hemstitched silk, ouc— we are snowing p i aid on co n ar , cu ff s an d pockets. They
si7e ' • finished with double the largest assortment are finished with cloth and cord edge and
Hhc Box of 25 R enowns. ruche of lace and rib- and the swellest ties have heavy worsted cord at waist. * A
$1.35— Box of 12— H. Anton Bocks. bon rosettes. | ever Shown at this price. rare bargain.
New Christmas Slippers. 4i/$k j Practical^ gods Gifts.
the 'feet warm. ,,.-,-. MmB* M* 4J&&>AmLS&> m*7e®SP $1.OO— 5 olinch black broadcloth. Worth
$1.50— Black or tan Romcos; Vici kid (W^^ *Qr W^W^^W^T'. $I 3 - a yard
with turned soles. . , -TH » A ¥TA7-AV^mi v I I A "AI V S!LKS *
$1.50— A fine assortment of women s vel- g| - A1AtAi3 JHlE/14 ADLL ¦¦• 75c and $1.00 a yard— Black moire silk
vet Juliets; mottled and solid colors. French m % oOO-IOKA M ADKFT STUoWONli $1.OO a yard— Double faced black peau
and military heels. OO*l^«lVriAKIiLrl &*i de soic $I 35 vaIue
ADVERTISEIKTENTS.
Positively Retiring
«- From Business ••
Look at our window display for prices. Otir
immense stock must be sold without reserve.
LIPPITT & FISHER
945 MARKET ST. Opposite Mason
...Open Evenings...
B. KATSGHINSKI I
\ Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, fi
Adjoislnjr Call Buildlnff. |
Ladies' Satin Juliets I
Ladies' Velvet Juliets § '
Prices Gut in Half ii
A Rare Opportunity j
W> certainly offer the ladles a If
big bargain this week and it is a K
chance that should not be over- R 1
looked. Wo have on hand quite a y ,
number of Red and Black Quilted K
Satin Fur-Trimmed Juliets, and ii
also some Red. Green and Brown m
Velvet Fur-Trimmed Juliets. M
These Juliets are first class in Ij
every 'way. some having French K
heels and others leather heelrf H
They sold regularly from J1.50 to f
J2.00, but as we have not all sires K
we have bunched them into one m
lot and will offer them at S5t? A. 1|
YJLXBL Remember the sizes are EJ
from G TO S and widths C to EB. H
We cannot fill country orders on ||
above Juliets. ||
MISSES' FANCY SANDALS
¦What every child and young 1
lady desires. A neat pair of Vicl 1
Kid Strap Sandals, ornamented m
with bow and buckle, plain coin M
toes, turned soles and spring H
heels. We have reduced the price f
mi these Roods. Widths BtoE. If
Child's sizes. 7 to 11 SI .OO [
Misses' sizes. 11 % to 2 . . . .J*1 .!»;> I
Ladies' eizes. 2»i to 5 *&... 81.50 H
WE ABE OPEN XIGIITS |
MEN'S LEATHER SLIPPERS
A useful pift. Men's Black or
Tan Kid Opera Cut Slippers, pat-
ent leather trimmed, turned soles,
low heels and sensible toes. THE
FBICE Sl.OO. Stees 5»4 to 12.
¦ 17 TOU DESIBE TO MAZE A
PBESEZTT A2TI> SO WOT KVOW
THE SIZE OB STYLE, BUY ONE
OF Or/a SKOE OBSEBS. THEY H
ABE AS GOOD AS CASE AND I]
MADE CUT POB AST AMOUNT. I]
GROSS STRAP SANDALS §
Something strictly up-to-date j
end very fashionable. Ladies' I
Roman Cross Strap Vici Kid San- [J
6aJs. stylish plain toes, turned I.
•oles and high French heels. THE Ij
FBZCE ONLY $l.oO- Sizes 2\<z I
to 7%. Widths A to E. ||
DOLGE'S FELT SLIPPERS
Bring: joy to every lady that I
wears them. Something particu- I
larly neat and comfortable. Blue 4
Brown, Black or Red Felt Slip- »
pers. Manufactured by Alfred H
l>olge. ornamented with a neat H
bow or rosette, turned soles, low §
heels OUB FBXCE $1 .OO Sizes |
3 to 8. I
WE ABE OPEX XIGIITS j
TAN OR BLACK ROMEOS I
Easy on the feet and support the R
p.nkle. Men's Tan or Black Kid I
Rom«os. with clastic sides, broad \\
easy 1 toes, turned soles and low \
heels. An ideal house Slipper. B
THE PHICE ,.S1.-T». 'Sizes oli 1]
to 12. . f I
SASTTA CLAXXS ZS VOW WZTK »
V8 AZTD WILL FBESENT A BOX S
07 CANST TO EVERY PUB- P
CHASES WHO CALLS ON HIM. V
B, KATSGHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
XO THIRD ST., Saa rrancltco. j
Weekly Call,-$1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
. • "
POTI " WATFR
V_/ 1 LJmmmm. | , VY _rV I JLw I\
3!ack a Riveted
and Wa B_) figj ~~~7^o?j tf^_P-^3 and
|| Galvanized re! m^| mM W^ _f^^l Lap- Welded
n For Mining, Irrigation, Power Plants, Mills and Water Works
ij PABTXCDXAB ATTENTION OIVEN" TO THE MANUFACTT7SE O7
I Well Casing for Oil Wells and Artesian Wells.
I _ . KTf yr O FOR OIL, WATER
I TANKS • and
H ¦ ¦ ¦- " '¦ A Mini? Dl AMTC
II u WTANIDt PLANIS
H SMOKE STACKS. PUBNAOE FEESEBS, DUST COX.Z.ECTOSS FOE PZ.AW •
11 INO MILLS, EXHAUST AND AIB PIPE POB MINES. ' .
W. W. MONlAGUt & CO. •
I SAN FRANCISCO, CALCourt Decides for the City.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— The wife
and daughter of Alpheus Debois, the
schoolmaster who died recently leav
ing a large estate and whose will dis
closed the fact, after fifty years' se
crecy, that he had been married, have
returned to this city and through their
attorneys served notice that they will
contest the will by which they were
cut off with a bequest of only $10,000.
Return to Claim Fortune.
CHICAGO. Dec. 19. — Although In
possession of the key to a safety de
posit vault, Mrs. Clara Irene Malcolm
has not been permitted to open it to
take charge of securities said to be
long to her estate.i Her father, Cuth
bert W. Laing, had given his daugh
ter the key and told her, it is said,
that she might take possession of the
securities. It. seems he also notified
the officials of the vault that no one
should be permitted to open the box.
Laing is asked.for an accounting in an
estate valued at $135,000, which be
longs to his daughter.
sion of Vault Box, Then Forbids
the Lock to Be Opened.
Chicago Man Gives Daughter Posses-
WOMAN HAS KEY BUT
MUST NOT USE IT
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — William
Becker, 80 years old, an inmate of tin
Odd Fellows' Home at Unionport, has
met his death in an unusual manner.
Although extremely feeble, Becker
was fond of walking and while on one
of his rambles near the edge of West
chester Creek he got into a treacher
ous piece of mud. Like quicksand, it
sucked him down and he was unable
to move. The tide was rising and in
a short time was up to his waist. He
struggled vainly while the water ro3e
slowly above his head. When the tide
went out the old man was found dead.
Aged Inrantc of Odd Fellows' Homo
Meets Death In an Unusual
Manner.
SINKS INTO MUD
AXD SLOWLY DROWNS
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— An investiga
tion by Receiver Frank L. Crocker Into
the affairs of the James Freeman
Brown Company, cotton jobbers, which
went into voluntary bankruptcy De
cember 8. is said by the receiver to
show assets estimated at $20,000 and
liabilities of about $S0,000. The com
pany's treasurer, Edward ij. Willett,
has not visited his office since Decem
ber 3 and the receiver says he has
asked the surety company which was
on his bond for $10,000 to help him se
cure an interview with Willett. Mem
bers of the latter's family said at his
home in Glenridge, N. J., that he is 111
and In retirement, but that they are in
dally communication with him. The
failed company was capitalized at $200,
000 and is estimated to have been doing
a business of $1,000,000 a year. On Jan
uary 1 last it was said the books could
show assets of $260,000 and liabilities of
only $100,000.^The failure was precipi
tated Decemfftr 8 in the Federal Court,
when a petition was. presented by the
High Shoals Company of High Shoals,
N. C, and the Eddefleld Manufacturing
Company of Eddefleld, S. C, which
claimed $19,400 due for cotton goods. .
Company Find Few Assets to
Satisfy Claims.
Creditors of James Freeman Brown
AFFAIRS OF COTTOX
JOBBERS IX BAD SHAPE
"George is the greatest one you ever
saw for gathering mushrooms. Why,
he knows more than twenty different
kinds."
"I didn't know he was a mycologist."
"He isn't. He's a Presbyterian." —
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Trial on the conspiracy and bribery
indictments was set for January 4. As
sistant District Attorney Bush vigor
ously objected to that date and asked
for four weeks in which to prepare the
Governrrient'8 case. This time, how
ever, was reduced to two weeks. ¦ No
time was set for trying Senator Die
trich on the indictments returned De
cember 17 charging him with profiting
by leasing a building to the Govern
ment.
In setting the date for the trial Judge
Munger said :
'"From an Individual standpoint Sen
ator Dietrich is not entitled to certain
considerations, but from the fact of
his position as an officer of the Gov
ernment, whose seat in the United
States Senate is made vacant because
of this matter, he is entitled to an early
hearing in order that he may resume
his official duties."
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 19.— United
States Senator Charles H. Dietrich, ac
companied by General John C. Cowen,
his attorney, appeared before Judge
Munger in the United States Circuit
Court to-day and was arraigned on
the indictments returned against him
November 10 and December 17. To the
indictment charging him with profiting
by leasing a postoffice building to the
Government Senator, Dietrich pleaded
not guilty, and to that charging him
with conspiracy and bribery he refused
to plead. In the latter counts,, which
were those returned November 17, in
which he Is charged jointly with Post
master Jacob Fisher of Hastings with
conspiracy and bribery in connection
with Fisher's appointment, General
Cowen informed the court that the de
fendant would attaclc the sufficiency of
the indictment.
Court Says That as Defend
ant Is an Official He AVill
Be Given an Early Hearing
PLEADS" NOT GUILTY
Dietrich of Nebraska Appears in
Court in Answer to In
dictment in Postal Frauds
U. S. SENATOR
IS ARRAIGNED
BERLIN, Dec. 19. — The Saxon Gov
ernment has forbidden the holding of
several great Christmas parties at
Crimmltzschau by the strikers belong
ing to the textile trades on the ground
that they would be seditious gather
ings tending to disturb the. public
peace. A feeling of intense bitterness
is the result. These parties were to
be paid out of the strike funds <so
that no strikers should be without a
Christmas celebration. The National
Society of Textile Workers, however,
has arranged to give a present to
every child.
The streets of Crimmitzsch.au are
now patrolled by gendarmes, whose
orders are to not permit more, than
two men to be together In the streets.
Nearly the whole body of strikers,
between seven and eight' thousand,
marched over the frontier into the
territory of Altenburg a few days ago
to hold meetings out of the reach of
the Saxon Government and discuss
the situation. They are determined
to persist in the strike, which has now
lasted eighteen, weeks.
Saxon Government Rules That Gath
erings Would Be Seditious find
Cause Trouble. .
STRIKERS FORBIDDEN
TO HOLD FESTn^ALS
TiVL SAN . l ; '.i'»V CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 18. — In the suit of
E. D. Crawford to restrain the Mayor
and Council from readvertislng for
bids for electric railroad franchise,
petitioned for by Mehling & Lockwood,
who are planning to build a road to,
Alvlso, Judge Tuttle to-day decided In
favor of the city. Crawford,- In the
bidding, was awarded the franchise,
but failed to put up the required bond.
In his complaint he held that the bond
provision was illegal and" that he was
entitled to the franchise.
39
i ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I
I Save
. Weak Men.
I Have Discovered the Marvelous
Secret of Perpetual Youth and
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to Yon Free.
t .
My Mysterious Compound Startles ths World
With Hi Woadcrful Cares -With This
M&tvelous Secret No Man Can Grow
Old and it is My Mission on Earth
Eerc:forth to Bring All Jaded,
Wcrn-Cut Men li This
Fountain of Ycuth
Seni No Momt— Simply Sen! Yo^r Njru and
Address rnd This Jfarveloas Cimpound
Will Be Seat Yon by I eturn Mail,
Prepaid and Absolutely Free.
I have 'discovered the marvelous se-
I ?ret of perpetual life and vigor In men.
j To me it has been given to bring to the
j fallen, weary, worn-out brothers the
I knowledge of this priceless boon, and
even to the uttermost ends of the earth
I send my message of love and peace
and hope and help. Unbelievers may
j scoff and cry "fake," but I heed them
not. My work has just begun and I am
saving men.
The secret of this mighty healing
power, this vital life spark, this mar-
velous tonic fluid is known to me alone.
j MMttflitW)Ejgfl[ffiBEBBBflBBBHBKSsSB8
wiuQ^ESS^S '^!t . <^.^^^jTffffhfHSsKj^BnB
"No 2Xan la Lost — There Is a Sore Cure
lor Every Weak Man." — D« Ferris.
It is mine to give to whom I will and
my works go before me. Doubt not!
I ask no man to believe me, but I give
j to every weak man free this priceless
boon and it restores him instantly to
the strength and powerful vigor of
•youth. With this marvelous, mysterious
compound, which I have discovered
only after a lifetime devoted to search
I through all the realms of science, and
I the archives of the ancients, it is possi-
ble for every weak man to have for his
own the glorious manly power, the un-
tiring vigor and the long life of the
j patriarchs of Bible times. With this
j mysterious compound no weak man
i will ever again be troubled with impa-
1 tency, vital losses, nightly emissions,
i spermatorrhea, varicocele, prematur-
j Ity, defective power or lack of vital
I energy.
; Send me no money. It Is my duty,
I guided by an Unseen Hand — It Is my
mission on earth— my life work— to lift
up the fallen, heal the weak and cure
the maimed or undeveloped; and to ev-
try man who has lost his vital power
or finds It -.vaning. I send my message
of love and Dtace and health. I ca.n
save him and I will save him and re-
store him to many years of happiness
and the Impetuous vitality and vigor-
ous manhood of perfect health and
youth. •
Remember, it matters not how old
you are; it matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you lost It. It
j matters not what doctors or scoffers
say. This Js ho ordinary drug or stim-
ulating method of treatment, but it is
the vital spark of life itself, and it
matters rot how many remedies and
doctors have failed, I have repeatedly
and instantly renewed the .youth of old
men. My secret compound never tills.
I have often instilled into jaded men
new vitality, health and strength. For
worn-out men I have oft kindled, In an
instant, and to stay, the sparkling vi-
tality of youth. "Write to me to-day
and tell me in strictest confidence all
about your case. My private address
is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, 3GS Strawn
.building, Cleveland," Ohio, and I urge
every weak man to come to me, for I
will give him undying strength, the su-
preme joj r and happiness of perfeol
manliness. My wondrous discovery has.
startled the world by its miraculous ef-
fects, yet I- seek notiame nor glory. It
suffices me if I may be the humble In-
strument of Nature's greatest power In
bringing all men into the enjoyment of
their true manliness and I do it free.
In the time allotted to me here on
earth I shall do all that in my power
lies to give my fellow men the benefit of
this great secret and my reward shall
be in the knowledge that I have done
unto others as I would that others
should do uoto me. - tr ->
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
1 WILL GIVE $1000
£«3WESg?w If I fail to cure any
t*3$P^ CANCER
or Tumor I treat
B^Y jf*rrL 4^3 before It potions
7 Knife! No Pain!
tHik P Ko PiTSHI Cared
"^ // n 20 rears) I nmve cansd more
>>// c * nc er« Thau any other doctor
s**S I IlvlD «. experiment *rtth the
!»^*^r\ < *' J swindling X Bay or home tieat-
>/2?^. tuentuctll past- cure.
0S^i,^/^S BTLJT.MTI IT ISSOLITI VMKttL
SvSffiffiaffigraANY LUMP IN A
WOMAN'S BREaST IS GANGER
Tbey always poisoa the glands In the armpit
fcad«hould»r; t&en cure is often iinp.jssible. Any
tutr.or, lump or eore on the LIP. FACE or any.
¦wbere eix monshs is aearly always cancer.
Tbcy never pala until almost past cure.
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
TTithwysptoaas and tesMraoainis or thousaods
cured wtoia you can «eo an-t talk with.
Dr.S. R. CHAM LEV <& CO.
¦• Etrtctly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
DOUT rORQET THAT
ED, EVATT
roil 23 TSAB& WITH T. I.TrjrDT
Is ot 76 Geary St.
With « f.r* stork of Diamonds. Watchet,
Jfwelo 1 . Cut Glaw and Eotia Silverwar*.
No more 50 per cent prcnt on coods.
Ccrc« ar.d »ee rae and save money.
EVATT &. HINKLE
76 Geary Street.
OFS2T ZVSmiGS.
f \ Holiday Gifts #j
%''^> EYE CLASSES Qh
\\ OPERA GLASSES \J\
j I KODAKS \
\^j And Other Usefu! Article.
"DDTTCLJCC roR BARBEHS. BA-
DXl U On UrtJ * en - bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiaid tabies.
tre* r ers. tookbicdert. e»ndy-n:ak«-rs. camera.
<!>•*¦!«. fl^ur tr<1!!». foundries, laundries, paper-
h^rffers. pr!rrter». painter*. shoe fartorioa.
? rab'^Trf-T »*r-»^>r>f»>-5. tanner*, tallcrs. etc
UrCrTAlTAK- BROS..
3 rush C09 Sacramento St.
Schools and Colleges.
1.KADIKG BL'SIXKSS COLLEGE OF THE
¦U'l^ST. 14 Pokt tt.. Sao Francisco. CaJ.
CataMlfhe<" 40 veara. Open entire year.
Writt. for Illustrated rataloe'je ifree).
OCEAN TBAVEL.
y<\C ?">v Pteamers leave San Fran-
/f}£^- = ~-*<P.2\ Cisco as follows:
Arzl _^t&\ For Ketchikan. Wranrel.
/C '~,!-V->«l -A Juneau, Hair.^s, Pkapuay.
¦ '• YKsB\ • ! * tc - Alarka— 11 a. m.. Dec-.
I J \»Swa/ ./ l". — . '^~>. J»n. 2. Change
VC\ \i to company** eteamers at
Xh^~-^4y Be**!*
Nc^fSr^' For Victoria. Vancouver,
¦ Port Townser.d, Seattle Ta-
cMii. Everett, 'Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Dec. 17.
£2. 2T. Jan 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
fceattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka tHurabc'.dt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :33
p. tn.. Dec. J?. 21. 30, Jan. 5; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. I>c. "1. 27. Jan. 2.
For Lot A.s(e>( (via Port Lcs Anseles anJ
TledonCo). San Dieffo and Santa Barbara —
fcarta '.'. ?a. Sundays, & a. m
£tate of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lo« Anceles (via San Pedro and East
tan P^dro). g&nta Barbara. Santa. Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Slraeon, Cayucos. Port Harford *San
Vai% Cbinpo). Ventura nnd Hu^neme.
Coo« Bay. 9 a. rn.. Dec. 18, 27. Jan. 4.
BonSta. '.» a. m.. D*r. Zi. 31, Jan. 8. ¦
For Knsenada. Mapdalena Bay. San Jc*e del
Cftbot Mazatlan. Altata, La I'az, Santa Kc-
(!. e. Guaymas <Mex.>. 10 a. rr. , 7lh of each
in r nth.
. For furtBT inforrratlon obtain folder.
;.:Kht le reserved to change steamers or sail-
! Irr Oat»*.
TICKET OmCES— 4 New Montgom-
#ry «n?et (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
BrfoS^ay wharves.
PTelg^t orflc«. 10 Market etr»«t.
C. D. DVNANN, General Passenger Apent.
10 Market rtreet, San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Coluratla" sail* Dec. 19. 29. Jan. 8, IS.
2S. Keb 7 a&d »7. "GecrRe W. Elder" sal'.s
Dec. 14. 24. Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb. 2 and 12.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
fhort rail line from Portland to all sxilntu
East. Throusb ticket* to all points, all rail
«r «tea&ah«.» and rail, at LOWEST RATKS.
Steamer tickets Include berth and mea>.
rH»amr.r i>*:!i foot of 6pcar st.. at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH, On. Art. Pa«s T>ept.. 1 Mont-
ronvry »t.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. A*t. Frtlcht
Dept.. 5 Montjromery Bt.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
rOP.ISNTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Btrajriers »'lll leave wharf corner First and
Branran Ftreem at 1 p. m.. for TOKOHAMA
¦ nd HOXIKONO. calllny at Kobe <Hlo«:o).
NapaFEkl and Shanghai, and connecting at .
'tlr,rt't.--:.e with eteainers for India, etc. No
canro received rn board on day of
B 8. NIPPON MAHIT fca!!lnjr at Manila)
W<>dre*day. Dec?q:b«r '•'•<*. 11)03
S. 8. AMHniCA MARX*
Monday January 25 1!><W
k. s. iroNGKova maru
Wedneertay. February 17. 13"4
Via Hcrottila. Rnutid-trip t'.rketd at r-'ducwl
ra»»* rvw fixlrht and jiasraire apnly at fom-
«nr's off.ee. <C1 M»rV«-t utre't. roiiT First.
XV. H. AVERT. C'reral Arent.
oeeafncd.s.to. gs^ss
a S SIERRA, for Honolulu, Eoxnoa. Auck-
•a-d end fiydr.ey, Thursday. Dec. 31. 2 p. m.
H.' S. MAP.IPOSA. for TahHl. Jan. G, 1904,
s"VlaMEDA. '-or Honolulu. Jan. », 1904.
n"a. rr..
a . SPARKS 4 rn s .a, i st». . in* tsajs/a fiartua
f.CWACri- GE5E1ALE TRA5SATHHTI9U«.
DUDECT LUCE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
baSlin* <rveo- Thursday Instead of
Eituruay. at 30 a. m.. Trom Pier 42. -+**™-'
¦\t>rth l:iver. foot ot Morton street.
Fir«t c!*i*« to Havre. $"0 and upward. Sec-
ond clues to Havre. M5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AN'D
'ANAl/A. 22 Broadway /Hudson Buildinr),
r,>w York. J. F. FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Oast
Act-nts. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets «oid by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
2Csro Zslaad aad Vallejo Steamers.
Rtrarner GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
P:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. rn.. «*xrept Sunday.
fcunJ«y. 0:45 a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. I^eave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:.;0 and tt p. rn.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 m. rn., ¦4J.1 p. rn. Fare. 50 cents Tel.
Main TiCS. Tier 2 Mi.-fUnn-tt. Jock.- HATCH •
::nos. _ I
mmi $1. 00 \w ybsf '
X j
S is the place to shop when it rains — everything you want under one roof, • *
* "" ~ ' — ' ' jA^^sxb*. — -^^r \
%• Cut out this ad. It will \/0 ~ >4»^ V # Sh ° P eaHy raorninss * One 5
| be a valuable reference &Jfjfff> * (ffifflfffJttfjlJJfff' '* "^ h ° UrS I
\ -¦ a ¦' ¦ '¦ - "CALIFORNIA'S'ilARGEST- jV ¦¦rr--— *" "^^^ Open Evenings now Until j
X • '^^^^^^^^^PMERl'CA'S GRANDEST STORE - S
X 1 1 S
ft? ' ¦ ¦ ' - ' ' ' ' ' * ' ' ' ' ' y
I g . Despite ¥ the immense volume of our holiday sales so far this season (more people than ever having made their Christmas pur- 2
X chases early), our vast stocks of gift things are in no wise depleted, but stilt afford a wonderfully wide range of choice. 5
X If pressed for time, or if still puzzling what to give, consult the classified lists of 450 Holiday Suggestions that the big store g
X publishes to-day. They will be of much assistance, we feel sure. Only, moderately priced articles are mentioned — but if you want 5
! x the most expensive kinds, \*e have them, too, and at the same proportionate savings. S
$ Two Argonauts in Spain Silk Umbrella $4.00 Glove Orders Men's Neckwear 50c 3
X By Jerome Hart editor of Tnc Pmc silk,. a paragon frame, ste-1 red and Don't hive to know the s : xe to make a All the prevailing shapes, made from best fin- {I
X Argonaut one of the most imp 3r ster ing »'Jv:r mount:d handle. A splendid present of g!ovej. We'll «ell you an order cy silki, in th: latest patrerm an i coloring*. 2
f W,V,M«n. n f rt,. ,,.„¦ f-M g - ft - for ai many pain as you pleats, and the re- Others at 75c, $T.oo and $i.to M
tant publications of tne year; snl- Others up to $17.50 c-pirnt can pick th: kmd and color* wanted. Mcn , g ' 50c S
*¦ ™S cve [ ywh "* " iBfaSSB Silver Perfume Bottles $4.50 • 14k Gold Watch $12.35 Beautiful "vS!?" **!%*,. Mnbhed with 3
jf $2,00; nc.e tor... . Genuine deposit iiv:r, a good tizr, very Ladies* cpen racs ChateVine, either polish- jen«re c^fesdi, in fancy box. {j
V cr-ii D A +tW<.+ *.K(\f\ ¦ p-etty desgn. ' P;ace toengrivjinita-'i. ed or latin finish, guaranteed movement, Others from 7<C to $5. OO 2
» Silk Petticoat $5.UU q Other bottles and flasks up to $30.00. part of our imraen !C «pecial purchaic of a .. H .«^u-. ~u- * a 4 B n S
g Bet: grade b!ack taff.ta -dee? Spanish «,ftnn jobber'! entire stock. The watch is worth Men S Handkerchiefs 6 for 50C S
' 5 flounce, with bias flare and full silk under- Cigar Jars $I8.UU • ¦ J zhmJt doub!e Belfa-t Cambric, neat miraU, nceiy boxed. S
flounce- A great value. Cut glass, beautiful Ueri.ng «Irer cover, Other gold watches ub to $150.00 Others 6/or 75 c up to 6for $2.73 3
*C Others up to $25.00 t with sponge mside. * f J Smoking Jacket $5.00 2
I V i Hn C . *Vm Satin PinCUShionS 25C 5 f °, r *** aOd Gir 'f f* All woof Oxford grey cheviot, with eon- 5
X BOX Of nOSe $2.U0 VmV.m-Jini Beit juveml: stones ererwntten -The Sun- trasnng b'ack and white or red and black &
X Lakes' imported lace lisle -lace boot or As low a, 2 S c in the Art EmbroderJ ,hm c Seriti of 34 tt:e. -nice cloth bindbgi. plaid lacings-crctiW made up, with elk S
X f u li lacr, many pleasing designs, I pairs in De P £ -. •«» ™J are hand pa.nted a. that. Other juvenile books up to $2. 5 O cord facings and «ilk Vrogi «
f box. All silk hose $1. S o to J8.50 pair. . Others up to $7.50 Automob ,, e Bags $K7S others $7.50 and $10.00 X
X p Meal Gift— Men s Gold Filled Watch 56.35 Made of genuine Saffian, pretty shades of Opera Glass $9 00 {»
X rur 9 iuco v» »•. Thc popu , ar l6 g : 2C> tatin finUhed, red, with watered silk 1 nings, and furniahed Magnificent French lenses, sliding handle, M
X One-third Off now p.lished or engrave! hun:ng case. A won- with coin purse and card case. mother-of-pearl mountings, metal parts gold '*
S It wou'd be hard to .-lect a nicer gift g.*^S^i Others from $2. S 0 to $7. OO filled. -*
X than a hand omc fur piece. We will fhow Necktie BOX 45c . Men's Slippers $1.50 Others from $5.00 to $21.00 X
X you a large, choice 1903 asiortmmt, mark- Tiansparent ce'Julcid, a v.ry pretty shape Ten ityles, tan Or black leather, all kid Men's Mufflers $1.50 2
ed at department store prices, f.om which as and da'nty dssign. lined, all hand turned soles, kind exclusive The popular Oxford style, made of fine \
X a special holiday offering we will d:- Other necktie, collar and cuff and thoz stores tel for $ 2:00 each. silk, put u? in fancy box. M
X duct one-third handkerchief boxes from 75c to $5.00 Others from 75c to $2.50 Others from $2.00 to $5.00 3
I Clearance Sale FURNSTURE FOR GIFTS. f/ _„ I
v &B3M$' w $r§Q29§£S> Choice oT our entire stock -except kitchen furnifuro- l /2 $3 3 5 ;J
x m t/ ***** at 2O percent off until Christmas Eve. . s
$ Furs Ys Off ,^ ¦¦¦¦ Entire Stock |
| In December instead of [j\^gf^^ v F (TJO fjMfcl PerSi&W SHil i
JC January. • w ¦ r~ '-^ I >WV/^w! ( I VWYT WM » «> m
x $1J . S0 c^viot suit. $w.oo WC^SShH \ ('t3 1&ultB&S5fe SI- F** r Rugs ?
i *» 7 .so cheviot suu $14.95 h// » \ i^^rL . liisyyswa / \ "*
x j 3 oP«udeSoi5 Coat SiS.iV \\\[ R \ ?f^* —^—^Tli 1 Hlir^W AM\ r i j- t' l it' rr •«
x $35 ziieiine Suits $19.75 fl\\ // W I f ' /& m Including Timber Wolf x
I |S It::::: %%%:%°o \\ \ U| If &3 and K*y Bear %
X *6j P;au de sois Coat .... $37.5O JJ v J f * &®&^i {mm Michigan -2
ft $75 Brca.cl rh Suit SoU'UU " w - ¦%'•, «
J« Jioo Broadckth Sujt $67mSO Vernis Mart'n Df sk — Vcrnis Martin Cabi- Leathsr Upholstered Rookwood Pedestal— ttw4Si Vmae F\jr% 5
tf f2S5 Imported Coat $75*Ot Beautifully hani- net — Louis XV A<m Chair— Ma:- hand- painted rose Until JMiaS K.VB? C
•>* % 3 50 Imported Costume . . . . $85*QO painted, 542.75, style, J 37.50, less sive, $32.00, leu decorations, (25.00, DCCm 24m %
5 ; 500 Ve'.vet Co turn: $13O Ices 20 per ctnt. it per cent. 20 per c;nt. less 20 per crnf. . X
I Here are About 450 Helpful Gilt Suggestions jj
I • For Father At 5Oc At $2.OO For Pastor %
X Genuine Meerschaum Pipes. $3.50-$5.00 Souvenir Playing Cards Hand-painted Pin Cushion Traveling Roll, complete. . .$2.00-91^50 V
ti Genuine Amber Cigar Holders. 75c-$5.00 Ladles' Japanese Silk Handkerchiefs Elegant Mouchoir Case Seal Leather Letter Case. . -JJ-SO-ff-OO %
X Gents' Letter Case .$1.00-86.00 Dainty China Cup and Saucer " Sterling Silver Manicure Pieces Elegant Collar and Cuff Boxes$1.00-58.00 <f
X Set pbonizedMilitaryBrushes51.0O-§5.00 Fancy Embroidered Suspenders Perfume Bottles, Sterling Silver top Writing Portfolio and Desk.S1.00-$5.00 x
X Gents" Cigar Case, genuine seal Beautiful Neckwear in boxes Whisk Brooms, Sterling handle Genuine All igatorClu bBa gs.93.OO-9e.so X
X ¦ • $2.75-$4.00 German Silver Match Box Hand-carved Salad Sets Genuine Leather Club Bags ?l.O0-$3.23 J«
X Celluloid Collar and Cuff Box$1.00-$3.00 French Briar Wood Pipes Hand-embroidered Shawls %-dozen Linen Inital Handkerchiefs £
X Decorated China Shaving Mug25o-$2J0 1-oz Bottles Slrard Flls Extract Silk Crocheted Caps, black or red c,V,V^ 2i'X«"iot« *!
fc" Decorated China Mustach Cup25o-S2.50 Imported Nickel-framed Coin Purse Reno Tennis Racket filk Mufflers . . .. .. / . .. .$1.0O-»^^0 X
X Leather Card Cases 25o-$3.00 Silk Mittens, pink, blue, red Leather Punching Bag 1^ de pen S\'22iTr» n2 5
X Silk Embroidered Suspenders 50c-S4.00 Fancy Baby Bibs ' No. 2 Brownie Camera, ty,xZV* « at , h , Rob^f *ii S2iS'^ 5
ftT Men's Silk Neckwear 50c-^1^0 Nickel-plated Napkin Ring Vi dozen Linen Handkerchiefs In box i; alkIn fr G , e V " V **&* StS '2
»r Pure Linen Initial Handkerchiefs. Nickel-plated Fruit Bowl- Vt dozen Lace-edged Handkerchiefs I? n^ Ho ?, e ! " S°*t* •¦«•;•-; «ioS2an« 5
X ..25c-50o Hand-burned Bread Boards % dozen Imported Lace Lisle Hose |5! r i ns JK irX f?J.^ ar "«52l8'S2 '5
X Corrala Silk Umbrellas.... 92.50-$10.00 Gold-fllled Link Sleeve Buttons Real Shell Back Combs §*" }}"*-¦ %ZZ* % * £* mill 3
X Fine Walking Gloves .$1.00-$2.00 Set of three Gold-fllled Studs Metal Enameled Urn. gold mounted faterling-silver ok n -^ a^- ;••££¦**;*•» •*
6 Neat Smoking Jackets ?5.0O-$10.0O Hand-painted Shaving Pad Haviland China Sugar Bowl ltt?iiSf"«iivtr Mai m*i*^ fl§2 «
X Playing Cards, per pack 25c-81.00 Battenberg Doilies Handsome Tinted Lamp, with globe f. te^V g ii fJ vf mi ' 'ioiLVasS -
\X Poker Sets, on stand $1.50-810.00 Nickel Watch Chain Cotton Crepe Kimonas ! M^« n rf;!l!,m t^SS P aofSio '2
X Dress Suit Cases $5.00-$30.00 sterling Silver Tie Holders . Japanese Hanging Banners *£™ ?BlottS JS2 leather/ ' 5
X Cribbage Boards...... 91.00-$2.00 Very Pretty Opera Bag Handsome Brass Coffee Pot Set'v PeStff ckleSffs " 3^SSo «
X Traveling Roll, outfitted complete Beautiful Shoe Bag Morocco-bound Diaries Fane v Ink Stands 7s1-$300 '5
X 32.OO-3i5.OO Embroidered Laundry Bag v Double Playing Card Sets Ribbon Vest ThMn" eold"s"lide«4JoI«7l5O *2
X Fancy Bronze Inkstands...... 75o-$2.50 14 dozen Misses' Initial Handkerchiefs Handsome Silk Mufflers WaKrwan's Fountain Perw^llJollaoo 5
X Silk Embroidered Socks, per pair. . Black Ribbon Belt. Ox Buckle Men's Hand-embroidered Suspenders Safetv R^zor Se? iliso "5
? suWMime^::..::.-.-.-.-::.v.n s S5il:SS »»«'«*»*«*.¦ K?i?" s S > " I piIS? t w ?S >^SES! rte I
I Balh ..^ b ?'-.. c .' > ! 0 . rs . a " d .. m ! sw ,^.w.oo At 7 So a* «» on For Teacher |
X RevolvlnR Shavinc Mirrors. $3.00-55.00 A^ sa m **** JP&& iS^a^jHj _. .., „„„ p. nw «,„»,- 7^,, 1!1 e 5
X atpriin? csiivor AtntoTi nnvon 75c-S5 on ~ . *.'¦** mi 2*m >» .. i Ir - Sterling-silver Paper Cutter. .700-91 .33 X
» Sterling-smer Match Boxes.. 7oc 85.00 7-inch Fancy Tinted Jardiniere Genuine Ssal Writing Portfolios Sterlinf-silver Book Marks. .35c-$1.25 )t
5 om> mi ma *m E a L r ha . rl H lns BIsc l ue , FI ? ur , es CT i Large Decorated Photograph Album Pretty Lace Doily 25C-S3.50 X
X fa&bQ* BWa&h'§§1lG*B+ Red Opal Decorated Smokers Set Leather Roll, containing Toilet Outfit Elegant Pillow Tops ¦ ,0c-$1.00 X
J. r %MB MVB%M*MU€SrB Opal Decorated Writing Set _ Handsome Jersey Sweaters Beautiful Shoe Bags 25C-75O X
X Beautiful Lace Toilet Sets. .$1.00-S8.00 J"^ a a " d ?£L?a}Z?£!L3£** ? llk Dress Protecto ™ Satln hand-painted Pin Cushion X
X Lithographed Cushion Tops . .50c-$1.00 f,^ 1 , 1 |" d .. A »* e^i d 1 f a Combs I v °ry Paper Cutters £\ ..' ..^V •-•-•••• l?*-**°° 'J
X Eiderdown Dressing Sacaues.98c-S2^5 Real Shell Side Combs Hand-painted China Tea Sets Pretty Figure Belt Buckles. .50c-$7 JO X
5 Eiderdown Bath RSbes^. $5 00-810.00 Tet }V Lace Toilet Set CantonChina Salad Bowls Grain Leather Club Bag. .. .$1^5-$3JJ0 Jf
X Knit Petticoats ............ ...98o*3.25 Hand-painted Satin Head Rest Carlsbad China Cake Set. 13 pieces Leather Music Rolls 75e-$2M> X
X Silk Petticoats $5.00-$15.00 Japanese Hand-drawn Table Squares R i ch ly Decorated Tankard Jug. 12 Writing Portfolios $1.00-$5.00 X
5 Ebony Toilet Sets T31.S0-S7.00 toman Silver Stamp Boxes lnch 6 f Photograph Albums $2^0-88.00 X
X Sllver-xnountedHand Mlrror$6.00-$15.75 KlT^D^l^"^.^" 8 H dozen Assorted Ladles* Hose Postal Card Albums . 85c-t2.23 X
X Cut-glass Cracker Jars $7.00-312.00 ickel-bound Tea Tiles Beautiful Ladies' Silk Belts Fancy Gold-finish Ink Stand.$1.2S-$3.OO X
X Sterling-silver Gray Ladles $2.25-$5.00 2-, pI f ce Car «^', i Sa l ad SetS r, .. % d °z«n Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs Fancy Desk or Mantel Clock$2.75-$io.OO >|
X qAiwI rniii ThlmhiPs 82 50-85 oo Pink and White Cotton Booties Handsome Dressed Doll Souvenir Spoors 60c-34.0O X
X QuadrSpe-plJ t^Bread T^Xm^ [^ .^ n^^^ rSS^jS^ADM . Pocket Memorandum Book... MoJMO S
X Quadruple Plate CakeBaskets82.25-88.50 .Celluloid < Collar and Cuff Box Babies' White Normandy Bonnets i Address Books in'ftrdnM 5
stf niioHriinip-nHtf T Pn siot« ? nicer* Vienna Work Baskets, lined 2-nlece Chaflne Dish Fountain Pens 81.00-85.00 w
X Quadruple-piate lea Hots, 3 pieces Parisian Extract [ Fancy Gennan Tile Trays Sterling-silver Pencil Holder. .50c-S1.0O 5
X St^rlYnffsVlver' Trimmed' CarvinK Fancy Ornamented Pipes - cS» Glasl^Sff Boxes Gold Pen Holders $1.00-$5.00 5
5 ¦ ISsf. ..... Tr.T™??;SSSia0.00 ?**& Initialed Silk .Handkerchiefs Sterling Silve? Bonbon Spoons % -dozen Linen Initial Handk.r-. |
<X Stag-handle Carving Sets..* 83^0-34^0 Leather-bound Paying Card Sets Manicure Set, In case ,. chiefs 5? > 22"ff' O 2 5
X Ladles' Walrus Wrist Bag.. $1.00-36.00 Z"™*^™^. 1 "* Stands Sterling Silver Pickle Fork f™?i qnl'^^iir^hi^;* S8S 5
X Ladies' Walrus Automobile Bag.. 004 Diaries Beautiful Drawn-work Bureau Scarf £ apanes , e J 5 ' 1 ,*, \ l ?" dkerchietS ™?£.n?Z 3
J»* $1.00-810.00 Leather-bound Calendars Beautiful Enameled Work Basket Satsuma Rose Jars $2^00-37*0 X
tt iron™ inriHniprp<i si TiO-qif) on Grotesque Tobacco Jars Rwiao T^ar^ Rureau Set Cloisonne Bonbon Boxes 60C-S1.25 X
X' cfo"sLnne d Vas r e C s S .V::::::::|^^ Fancy Chinese Handkerchief Basket SSd-£SSted Handkerchief Case Cloisonne Powder Boxes .. .$2^)0-85.00 S
If Tinted China Salad Dishes.. $1.00-38.00 Fancy Earthenware \ases Child's Floor Desk JMsT^»«« BTao ***»<*+§ m
X Ftir Scarfs and Boas $1.75-$25.00 -»,-«, Children's Toy Pianos BtfiSslMtl S" ai&MB&S "5
Ostrich Feather -Boa* 45 '^ $$ a OQ ftA &<£**?* Shaving Set, in case 85^5-58-73 5
$ Stocks, silk, lace and chiffon.. 50C-85.00 em „,„ &**aXMMJ Sterling-silver Cigarette Boxes JJ
i] 9 ™" iSEaggJlSSr 8irlln« raim Hat Brush • suVeV-inounied ShaVg BViVSlfBgS |
$ For Brother ? 1^^ 163 issss is^s ass^KoJ?- ssss^^?^ss?^«a i
X r .v*'nZrI~*» N«KlS Curtlin ToS." Mermaid, etc. silver Gravy Ladles silver-mounted Whisk Brooms M
V Eastman's Brownie Camera .$1. 00-S2.00 Lithographed Panels Solld GoM °^ al Rlns • 31.00-84.00 .J
X Buckskin Catcher's Glove... $1.50-$5.00 Black Satin Opera Bag Solid Gold Bracelet Cut-glass Cigar Jar .$5.00-$10.50 *
*¦ Silk Embroidered Suspenders. S0o-$1.50 Eastman's nrowni*» Camera Solid Gold Necklace Men's Rolled-gold Fobs 75o-$S.0O X
S Fine Pique Walking Gloves. S1.00-$2.00 Ret of Four Boxlntr G^Iovm SolId Gold Gents' Locket Men's Solid Gold Fobs $6.0O-S12.5O *
?• Pajamas, various materials. $1.50-$5.00 crockinole Game Boards 4-piece Nickel-plated Chafer Hand-painted Necktie Case.8l.OO-3iO.OO X
X Silk Mufflers. 81.00-85.00 Swiss Music Boxes * Handsome Smoker's Sets Men's Fine Gloves ..Sl.00-S2.00 X
X Box Fancy Hose. .750-32.50 u Z^ iaflSv Tlnm Tnin-il Hanrt Beautiful Babies' Silk Bonnets Box Fancy Hose 50c-33.00 &
$ Boxing Gloves ,$1.00-36.00 H kerchiefs Double-reed Accordeons Bath Robes $3.50-$15.00 X
X Boys' Velocipedes 31.75-S3.S0 satin Tnffctfi Rplt* Cnl/i Wnriri« Fine Swiss Music Boxes PaJamas.Madras and Cheviot$1^5-$5.0O X
X Fishing Poles . ... r 85c-310.00 nd BuS wt hK L, American-made Mandolins Suit Cases, solid leather $8.50-$9.50 )»
X Meerschaum Cigar Holder ...750-85.00 Flesant Chain Girdles Handsome Mexican-drawn Center Traveling Rolls, complete. .$3.00-312.50 X
Z Nice piece Neckwear 25o-60o Decorated China Bonbon r>Nh Plece " Leather Pocket Book SI .00-85.00 X
X Golf Hose, Scotch mixtures. 50c-$2.0O Decorated China Teapot Beautiful Satin Handkerchief Case Cigar Case, leather 75c-$5.0O J
x Sweaters, solid colors and comblna- Beautiful Bohemian Glass \'as« Silk Crocheted Beaded Opera Bag Metal Frame Cigarette Cases 75o-$4^0 X
x tions 31.00-$5.00 nV^Almh^n*™Arffm^tr£.~ % dozen Ladles* Lace-edged Hand- Collar and Cuff Boxes Sl.oo-S6.00 g
$ Sail Boats 25c-$!o.OO p^uy 6 China Tea Pots kerchiefs Gents' Solid Gold Rings $4i»-$10.00 *
J* Tennis Rackets : 75c-$6.00 %Z e "% cioiMonne^ VaVes Ladles' Black' Silk Velvet Belt d ? zen Llnen lnitlal Handker. M
5 Printing Presses 75c-$4.50 raHfornia Soifvlnir pilvln^ Cards Gold-handled China Loving Cup chiefs $1.50-84.50 M
X Magic Lanterns . . ..... . : . . .$1.00-83.00 Memorandum Book aifvep Corner. Decorated China Chocolate Set Ambei Uirar Holders w^ 7 fS"f5*22 5
$ Tool Chests : . 50o-$2.00 onT Muffler? corners Cut Glag8 Vase> g , nch Meerschaum Pipes "S 2
g l^;5JaS7 M . l ."».::::::Si5^:§S jH^p.™,.^ fff'H'S" !
llM^^^^^Ell At SI. SO W§MM%?£ijit Woman Friend t
X Sterling-silver Match Boxos$l. 00-S5.00 &9S , ifll'flWW /3 # W? SS BBMB Chatelaine Eags. German Silver X
X Sterlipg-sllver Watches... $10.00-340.00 A b c , tt Ho i der T*T «K*T^"" $2^0-$3J0 Jf
I For Sister . l||liS£^'"~ ISiHS: c " ea IS1SSSS|^J |
ft Elegant Wrist Bags.. 50c-$5.00 Tasmania 8hell Necklaces ' Photograph Album, on easel Alice Rooseveit Bracelet.*! .' .$3.50-34.00 X
li Fancy Box Stationery. 50c-$2.60* Handsome Pajamas American Nitsuki Bag Lorgnette Chains 50c-S7.oo «
5 Lorgnette Chains ....... Sl.00-S25.00 Men's Sweaters, all colors Handsome. Artistic Automobile Bag Black Silk Girdles ..'.'.... 75c-S1.25 «
S Brooches $1.00-$30.00 Men's Fine Neckwear, in boxes r Fancy Cotton Crepe Kimonas ¦ Oxidized MetalChainGIrdles$1.0O-$13JO «
ft Stick Pins . .7Ec- v 5.00 Fancy Bronze Ink Stands Beautiful Hand-painted Tea Sets Umbrellas, with pretty handle.. «
* % dozen Linen Initial Handker- A. A. Waterman's Fountain Pens Hand-carved Sandalwood Boxes K J1.50-$10.00 x
X chiefs.. .. .......... 31.00-85.00 Complete Poker Sets Bronze Hanging Lanterns t Empress Glove orGloveOrder$1.00-$a.OO X
ft Ostrich Feather Boas .$13.50-S50.00 Box High-grade Stationery Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set. 50 pieces solid Leather Suit Cases. . .38.50-33.50 x
'ft Hand-painted Fans, each Sl.50-S7.50 Bamboo Portieres Gold-decorated Salad Set Pyrography Outfits $3.00 V
ft Silk Moreen Petticoats S3.75-SG.98 Chinese Rice Bead Portieres Ladles' Sterling-mounted Side Combs Netsuki Purses S2.50-36.00 5»
* Beautiful Soft Cushions.. 500-35.00 Handsome Geisha Shades 14 dozen Assorted Gents' Hose. Combination Card Case and Pocket 15
ft Real Shell Side Combs. ..... * 50O-33.25 Beautiful Lacquer Cabinets Real Duchess Handkerchief Book 50o-$6JJ0 «
ft Toilet Dressing Cases. .'... .$1.50-320.00 Children's Sets, including Angora Ladies' Pure Silk Umbrella Wrist Bags, genuine walrus.$lX0-$1.7S x
ft .Beautifully Dressed. Dolls.. $1.00-810.00 • Muff and Boa ; Beautiful Battenberg Scarf Bohemian Glass Atomizers. . .25c-$aj» X
ft Doll Go-Carts 50o-$10.00 Pair 12-Inch Bisque Figures - Beautiful 8ilk Hand-painted Drape Swiss Enameled Watch S7.50-S12.50 «
ft Doll Carriages ....81.00-810.00 Cut Glass Bonbon Dishes No. 2 Flexo Camera *#x3% Solid Gold Watch S20.oo-S35.00 JJ
ft Girls' Tricycles .$4.00-813.75 Bohemian Crystal liquor Set Doll Carriages :t#SSSR - Solid Gold Rings 34.00-37.00 x
ft Child's Floor Desk. $1.50-86.00 Foster Hose Supporters Swiss Music Boxes Brook Mink Scarf $1.73 «
ft Doll Furniture Set. ......... .25c-$1.50 V 2 dozen 'Assorted Ladles' Lace Hose 611k or Wool Shawls, in colors Northern Mink Scarf 82.43-35.00 «
X Toy Tea Sots:. ..'...... .25o-$7.5O Ladles' Gloria Silk Pearl-handle I'm- Fancy Chafing Dishes Natural Mink Military Stock $6.00 15
ft Iron Stoves' ............. ..:25o-$6.5O brella , Gold Smoking Sets Ostrich Feather Boas S13.3O-350.oa jj
ft Crocheted Slippers 31.00-S3.oo Foreign Stamp Albums . Sterling; SilTer Hair Brush Pretty Lace Collars 31.50-S7J0 J|
ft Automobile Bags ..... .81.00-$20.00 Handsome Battenberg Tidies Handsome Meerschaum Pipes % -dozen Lace-edged Handkerchiefs •»
ft Decorated Celluloid Glove Box75c-$5£O Dainty :Spachtel Chains Elegant Manicure Set. complete . $1.80 S
ft Pyrographic Outfits ............ .$3.00 Hand-embroidered Tray Cloths Fancy Gold Brooch Pln» Real DuchessHandkerchiefs$xao-#4OUH> CSome <vomen seem to think their hus
bands should pay them a regular salary
for running their houses, but the trou
ble Is they don't leave them any money
to do it with. '¦»/¦'.'«$ - • r
Lena R. Ransdall is the plaintiff
in a suit for divorce fn which Frank
L. ' Ransdall is the defendant. The
parties were married at Chico in No
vember, 1882. Mrs. Ransdall has
two causes of action in her com
plaint. The first Is desertion, and
In support of that charge she alleges
that her husband abandoned her in
February, 1900. Failure to provide Is
the second cause of action. The plaint
iff charges that since her husrband left
her she has had to earn her own living
and that of their one minor, child.
Mrs. Ransdall Seeks a Divorce.
So far 122 applications have been filed
for the civil service examination to be
held next month for patrolmen in the
Police Department. This will be the
third examination to be .held for police
men. There were 325 applicants for the
first, eighty-three of which passed. Of
these, who were all appointed, four re
signed and one died.
Fouj- hundred and seven applicants
took the second examination and 127
passed. Of those appointed three were
dismissed, one was rejected by the po
lice surgeon and one was removed for
belrfg over age. The present eligible
list has only eight names, and the first
of these will be certified for appoint
ment to fill a vacancy. The remaining
ellgibles are as follows: John A. An
near, James H. Kennedy, Frank B.
Gunther, Patrick Cronln, Frank G.
Fella, William F. McHugh, Edward G.
Pldgeon and Joseph Coleman.
Only Eight Names Aro Left on
the Civil Service Eligible
List.
5IAXY ARE TO TAKE
POLICEMAN'S EXA3EIXATIOX
Osgood. r.ho was a traveling man.
•^ as arrested by his first wife some few
months after his second marriage on
a. charge of bigamy. He was married
io his first wife some ten years ago.
He was sentenced to two years In San
Quentln prison and served his term.
Aft^r he left the State prison Osgood
went East and his present whereabouts
is unknown.
Osgood's first wife was Nellie J. Kln-
Fflla and 6he prosecuted him for blg
nmy. His second wife was a Miss
"vTinn, and while Osgood was courting
her he represented himself to her as a
single man.
Robinson & Getz. attorneys for Os
good's seccTd wife, who Is now suing
for annulment of her marriage, say
that Osgood has a mania for marry
ir.g and that the latest reports of him
from the Kast are that he has led a
number of women to the altar since
his release from San Quentin prison.
Dr. John A. Fritz, the physician who |
claims to have been hypnotized by the
woman he married ten days after his
first wife, Mary Agnes Fritz, secured j
a divorce from him on the ground of j
cruelty, finds that he does not like the |
position of a male Trilby and wants a j
divorce. He has filed a suit for divorce,
charging his present wife, Jennie, with
cruelty and Infidelity. In connection j
with the last charge he says that she
has been consorting with one Frank
Vorce of S28 Alabama street. In sup
port of his charee of cruelty he says
that Mrs. Fritz No. 2 led him a merry
dance from the very day she became
his wife. He alleges that Just as soon
as she became Mrs. Fritz, or. In other '
words, had him properly Svengalized,
he commenced to suffer. She called I
him all sorts of names end abused him
roundly in the presence of his patients
r.nd on two occasions visited his office
and wrecked the place.
If the complaint contains a list of
all of Mrs. Fritz's alleged acts of cruel- i
ty, she d!d not treat him nearly as bad |
iis the court found Fritz treated his \
first wife. In the decree that the first j
Mrs. Fritz secured in Judge Troutt's I
court last April the court finds that
Fritz cursed and abused Mrs. Fritz and
ihreatened her life with a chair, and
that she had been compelled to seek
police protection from his brutality.
The court also Tound that Fritz had
taken JC60, all his wife's savings, and
gor.e c-ff on a good time, leaving her
and their four children destitute. The
judgment roll in the case also shows
that after Mrs. Fritz had secured a
divorce, the doctor failed to comply
with the court order directing him to
contribute $30 a month toward her sup
port and had been cited to appear be
fore Judge Troutt to show cause why j
he should not be punished for con
tempt of court.
Marie Fiances Osgood yesterday filed
puit in the Superior Court for the an
nulment of her marriage to George
Leander Osgood on the ground that
< ?Fpood had a wife living when the sec
ond ceremony took place in Oakland in
July. 1888. , \
Attorneys Assert That George
Leander Osgood Has a Mania
for Leading Women to Altar
HE CHARGES INFIDELITY
Dr. John A. Fritz Wants a
Divorce Because Woman He
Wedded Treats Him Cruelly
SAYS HIS WIFE
IS HYPNOTIST
Chatfleld & Vincent have sold several
tracts of land In San Mateo Count/
for 57S00, and also The Delia for Rob
erts Bros, to E. E. Martin for $100,000.
The last mentioned property Is in
Shasta County, fronts on Cottonwood
Creek and has seventy-flve. acres In
alfalfa and a large grain acreage. Ths
new owner will use the property for a
great hog ranch.
Big Hoe Ranch.
Hugo Herzer, cashier of the License
Office, was operated" on for appendicitis
yesterday at Lane's Hospital. Herzer
was taken ill a week ago and an opera^
tion Was deemed necessary to save his
life. His physicians last evening re
ported his condition as favorable.
Operated On for Appendicitis.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
in the case of Eliza Hartley vs. Frank
Vermillion that the old Thurber road
in Vaca Valley has become a public
highway by reason of the fact that it
has been generally used without ob
jection on the part of the owners for
many years. The Vermlllions attempt
ed to assume control over the road
after the thoroughfare had been in use
far thirty years.
Road Is Public Thoroughfare.
Would Declare Resort a Nuisance.
Proceedings entitled "An action to
abate a nuisance" were commenced in
the Superior Court yesterday by Dis
trict Attorney Lewis F. Bylngton
against Emll Kehrleln, August Hugues
and Edward Sellinger, lessees of the
place called the "Marsicano." at 1129
Dupont street. In his complaint By
lngton terms the place a den of iniqui
ty, and says the defendants should be
compelled by law to close It. He also
wants them enjoined from maintain
ing it pending the. trial of his suit.
The pastor will preach both services
this day at the Central' Methodist
Episcopal Church.
In the Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church this morning Rev. John A. B.
Wilson Will preach on "A Prepared
Way for a Prepared Redeemer." in
the evening there will be a Christmas
sermon.
'"The Meaning of the Manger'' will
be the theme of the morning sermon by
Rev. A. C. Bane of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church. The
topic for the • evening sermon will , be
"A Christless Christmas." •
The subject of' the morning sermon at
the First English Lutheran Church will
be "A Trumpet Blast in the Ears for
Those Who Slumber in Zion" and will
be preached by. Rev. E. • Nelander. The
topic for the evening sermon will be
"Preparing for Christmas." : '
: A children's Chanuka service will be
held in the. Bush-street Synagogue at
2:30 this afternoon. The Helpers of
Zion will have a Chanuka celebration
in B'nai B'rjth Hall this 1 evening- at 8
o'clock.
Rev. Dr. Hill; pastor of the Golden
Gate Church of Oakland, will occupy
the pulpit this morning in the Hamil
ton Methodist Episcopal Church. This
evening the Rev. Frank Gale, with a
number of young men from tha Uni
versity of California, will take the
evening services.
The services this day in the Rich
mend Methodist. Episcopal Church will
center around the birth of Christ. The
pastor, Rev. E. D. Raley, has selected
for his morning topic, "Searching for
a King." In the evening he will preach
on "The Message of the Angels."
Rev. G. K. Gilder, for twenty-five
years a missionary in India, will preach
this morning at Cfrace M. E. Church.
In the evening the pastor will speak
on," "Wanted, a Twentieth Century Con
science." t
Rev. John Stephens will preach this
morning at the Simpson Memorial
Methodist Episcopal ' Church. Rev.
W. S. Matthew will preach In the even
ing.
aration of the World for Christ." at
the Third Congregational Church this
'morning, v Evening sermon, "The Man
on the Red Horse and the Woman in
the Barrel."
Conrad Keith, the miserly street
sweeper, who was convicted of receiv
ing stolen property and appealed his
case, is In jail again. After his libera
tion on appeal he disturbed the peace
and was convicted. Yesterday he failed
to appear for sentence and Judge Con-
Ian ordered him taken into custody.
He was arrested and spent the night In
the City Prison. He will have to stay
there until Monday morning and then
Judge Conlan will decide ' what is due
him for contempt of the process of
court.
Miser Asain In Jail.
Give Him a Camera.
Nothing could prove a more acceptable
Christmas present. Kirk. Geary & Co.",
112 Geary street. •
den.
Easterly line of Capp street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, own
er William L. Bunting.
The sidewalks described are consid
ered dangerous, and the board seeks to
compel the property owners to put
them in good condition.
The board directed the San Francisco
Gas Company to reconstruct one of its
conduits at Kansas and Channel
streets, as It interfered with the drain
age of the sewer at that point.
Sccks to Compel Owners to Repair
Pavements In Compliance. With
Ordinance.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
ordered the construction of barricades
Inclosing sidewalks in front of the fol
lowing described pieces of property:
On the southeast side of Market
street, between Sixteenth and Sanchez,
owner Market Street and Eureka Val
ley Improvement Club.
Southeasterly corner- of Bryant and
Harriet streets, owner Lucy H. Jour-
A Christmas praise service will be
held in the California-street Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of California
and Broderick streets, this* evening,
commencing at 7:30 o'clock. The regu
lar choir will be augmented and will
number twenty-eight voices. It will be
assisted by several string and brass in
struments. Miss Louise Smith, soprano,
will sing "I Will Extol Thee" (Costa);
Miss E. Price, contralto, "Abide With
Me" (Liddell); Walter E. Dyer, tenor,
"If With All Your Hearts" (Elijah),
and by special request "The Holy City"
(Adams). Donald Forbes will render a
violoncello solo and Professor E. Wil
liams aisernet solo. The choir will sing
"Sing, O Heavens" (Tours), and an
yiems by Hopkins and Elvey. Organ
offertory. "St. Cecelia" No. 1 (Batiste),
"In Paradisum" (Dubois) and "Halle
lujah" (Handel). Organist and director,
J. H. H/Ulowell.
The order of services at the West Side
Christian Church to-day nre as follows:
Morning— Organ prelude; invocation;
hymn, "Hail, Blessed Morn"; carol by
girls' choir, "O Little. Town of Bethle
hem"; Scripture reading; prayer; an
them, "Christmas Awake";, hymn,
"Herald Angels"; offertory, "Lift Thine
Eyes"; sermon; hymn, "Coronation";
postlude. Evening— Organ prelude; in
vocation: hymn, "Sun of the Soul":
hymn, "To Us a Child is Born"; Scrip
ture reading; anthem, "Angels of
Je3us"; prayer; hymn, "Silent Night";
offertory, "Andante" (Saint-Saens);
sermon; hymn, "Olivet."
Christmas, services at the Plymouth
Congregational Church to-day are as fol
lows: Morning— Qrgan prelude; call to
worship; "TeDeum,"-quartet and chorus
(B. Tours); responsive service No. 50;
soprano solo, "Glory to Heaven's Eter
nal King" (Meyer Delmund), Miss Dor
othy Goodsell, with flute obligato;
prayer; "Gloria in Excelsis," quartet
(B. Tours); announcements; .call to
giving; offering and reception thereof;
flute solo, "Swiss Shepherd" (P. Mor
lacchi), Signor A. Lombardo; hymn No.
279, "While ShepherSs Watched Their
Flocks by Night"; sermon, theme "The
Glory and Joy of Christmas"; anthem,
"the Coming of the King." quartet and
chorus (Dudley Buck); Hymn No. 292
(omitting third stanza), "Hark! the
Herald Angels Sing"; benediction; or
gan postjude. . Evening— Organ Pre
lude; anthem, /."Let Us ~, Sing Unto
the Lord." quartet, (J.' Alzamdra);
Scriptuij lesson; anthem, "What
Mean- Those Holy Voices?" quar
tet and chorus, (Usley) ; announce
ments; Hymn. No. 285, "Brightest and
Best of the Sons of the Morning";
prayer; offering and offertory; alto solo,
"The New Born King", (L'Espoir), "with
violin obligato by Arthur Young, Miss
Marie H. Smith; sermon— theme, "The
Greatest 1 Thing in the World"; anthemi
"Make Wide !the Portals," quartet and
chorus (Dudley Buck) j J Hymn No. 274.
"Joy to the ' World, the Lord is Come";
benediction: organ Dostlude. • ..
Rev. William: Rader- w4Il preach on
"In the .Fullness of Time,' or the Prep-
Christmas i Programmes Arranged for
Some Houses of Worship.
Something: out of the usual line of
services will be Introduced at the
Young Men's Christian Association
mass meeting for young men this after
noon at 2 o'clock. T. A. Harrison of
Boston will read a story, "Love vs.
Law," portraying In the simplest man
ner the power of a Christian wife over
a dissipated and sin-wrecked husband.
There .will also be other brief and ap
propriate readings, Including "Palas
tlne." The services will be exclusively ,
for men» and the University Chinese
Quartet will sing.
AT THE CHURCHES TO-DAY.
BOARD ORDERS MORE
SIDEWALKS BARRICADED
'HE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20," 1903.
40
POSTAGE ON THE
CHRISTMAS
5 CENTS DOMESTIC.
10 CENTS FOREIGN. *
DOMESTIC POSTAGE IN-
CIjUDES ALIi POINTS IN
THE UNITED STATES,
BIEXICO, IIAWAUAN ISL-
ANDS, PHILIPPINES, POR-
TO RICO, CANADA AND
GUAM.
MAIL TIHS SUMPTUOUS
PAPER TO YOUR FRIENDS
IN THE EAST AND
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
IS IT CURABLE?
A Question Often Asked by Those Af-
flicted With Piles.
Is a strained Joint curable? Is local
Inflammation curable? Of course, if
properly treated. So is pVles.
People often become afflicted with
piles and ask some old "chronic" who
has always persisted in the wrong
treatment, and naturally he discour-
ages them by telling them that their
cas<^ is hopeless.
They in turn discourage others, and
thus a disease that can in every case
be cured by careful and skillful hand-
ling Is 'allowed to sap the energy of
thousands who might free themselves
of thu trouble in a few days.
Pyramid Pile Cure win cure the most
aggravated case of hemorrhoids in an
astonishingly short time. It relieves
the congested parts, reduces the tu-
mors instantly, no matter how large,
allays the inflammation and stops the
aching or itching at once.
Thousands who had resorted to ex-
pensive surgical treatment have been
cured by the Pyramid Pile Cure in a
number of instances persons who had
spent months in a hospital under
a pile specialist.
It is a remedy that none need fear
to apply even to the most aggravated,
swollen and. inflamed hemorrholdal
tumors.
If you are afflicted with this stub-
born disease you can master it and
master it quickly.
This remedy Is no longer an experi-
ment, but a medical certainty, and is
eold by druggists everywhere for 50
cents a package.
"Write Pyramid Drug Company, Mar-
shall. Mich., for their free book on the
cause and cure of piles.
NOTARY PUBLIC
*» a .P°? lnil " Blcmer of S** 5 *- John H. vrln.
708 Market «u Saa Francisco. Cal.
DEPOSITIONS
Carefully Attended To
»gga\A/E/\K TVIEIN
j ' _Mc»>arce« in 24 houra, y ou tttl £
LH fa improvement from the nm do."
rail WTTTl *' e have e0 much conndenc* ta our
U!LJ UXJ treatment that we cf>r Five Hun-
I y } H<J«"e<l reward for any case wo can-
«3BfDMm not cure. Th!» secret remedy cure*
lt«t bower, nightly emissions, wasted organs
t&ricocele, g'.eet. stricture*, kidney*, failing-
memory, driir.s !n the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the j "-o>iaie plands and all other terrl-
fc!c effects cf eelf-ebuse or excesses, which leaj
en to consumption and ceath. Positively cures
the worst cases ln old or young of that mortlfr-
lr.f condition, quicksets of the discharge, and
•¦•anting to do. and you can't. Sent vealed, («¦
per bottle, three bcttles. $5. Guaranteed to
cvr» ary case.
Call or «ddre»« order* HALL'S MEDICAL.
JVPTrTUTK. KMl Rroadwsy. Oakland. Cal.
Also for #al* at 1073% Market St.. 8. F. Send
Xor tree bock. - >
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | ?"; >7. ; JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
_ . . . . . .. . ¦ . .. ' . *. >
Corsets Make an Appreciable Holt- a*£ &*"&JA1B& *£f&7?dff& teJBX&av>W ' y^ • ! i S! «» r w*w aa «» i^ *wa wr Here's Some Good News J
V^vi umbVella^ut." bias eored', lace . %Aft i wJW^raSw^ J»J ' ' . ,, bc *? k "?' 1 9
J \ trimmed, straight-front steel. .• . . ; v v •*! W^l WBSEsVi^HR I ¦ •- ¦ *° us . at off ,. hl * ? r l« {f^i mo
• with abdominal reducing hose V/L VAl^P.- I - , m? pr.-e to.c s!, ? ht v «nl • ™^t N
siinr.nrtn-s -i 1 1 -irhpi] button clasr>c<i — • T?SS»w iOB^ 1^* Sol **— - JttSrfT^ . la us. ' \M -s ~_i»» 1^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ nil perfect, no two alike, tnej sire r,
fo1 '"¦;,;" noi IGii you the -^^/flSr V *s tsr than arsumsnts. you know the reason why. t
If yon do not know the size of tie . , ' . '^ l^- >v - — Sr^IL^^ '* •X/vCO'L l\\ * iwi uiuii ui&«iiiw»«wi j adtfs 1 ofnts 1 and CHIL- S
corset your friend wears or the shape tfU6 V3 U6 Of NttSe %5^a\. > ( + T|l8S8 YS U8S dO DBE?S T GOWN^-Some "hemrtitched! I
Ehe desires, why not buy cae 01 our ¦¦«#•#» IV^N^vvv _-^/ • .*>-— U--- v . — . /? __-.^' -. S /Ta i nwao iuiuuu mw rVvT^T-a tiToL-.-M- c:om.> K trin.-. I nthors ln i
18 !?^ isrffl goods, so we in* ?@&S&^-->^ feT?^/^^ C their own talking. JS'iSnrift.? 01116 strl " eJ - „ I
.Tt.^te^ e e^ y ap e^rt"&n S^ vite you to ' come See ' tli8 goods— !^StSv^^"f|^|
tcrs who will tell vou wliich ic the it %\^A[$36£%VS^^ & w W «w ji.00 quality sample price * .>C j
§ . n • j •iijS&O' life *¦». _. \S *f m«iT*»,||| O i^T^S/v/ OF jUlii tucked, hemstitched and lace trimmed: S$
Just Heceived =^=^=: /^T fifl **KP IC r^f^f- 1 * VQU WC/"*" .*tCV»» ' :^^==^= 25e quality, now 17c g
rffiK.Vf *" *5 To women who = >Jgt NOT &&£ 2 « T i oi?ft LOW P RlCE lW ' Glove Orders issued K.5^Kgii=HngKj|
£Sd« c hS,uJh. t »«-.th e « n in. W h.^ ¦ know hand-made )S^£^<^r ecT TO .BUY AT free. Queen Dell La- fi»fw«s_,l
Saani'.'X'S&M ¦SBBSrt.-S Battenberg. we dies' Sl.OO French a4"Si!f JSSSiSS?2SS^Si fi
"f.'±u * h.™ haa ,,,., r »,„.. recommend these, Kid Gloves 69c, " a t^ 1 " 1 "' '"^^ hand-
made to order or who are hard to fit, .^ «b«bmb»o™«i m^^T*<>>r?»>ircif <^ T^T li *^'^ !^ 11^ ? R* r >F 5^ >»«<^>t>'' "^ i\iu muiwtf wmwi . #a KERCHIEFS — Soft E
¦"¦•e would like to recommend these. .. . ¦ - , —^mmm^^^^^^^—^^^^—* . bleached. hemstitched, |
Come in and let our demonstrator Tk & g% « /CX *B 1 x5T>k wlth colored silk. Initials. I
Manufaeturer s Show Room Samples. <W
rAO rA«* N n% h Z 9 n?%n r v l P /Z°' a able r One o£ the lar S cst Swiss manufacturers being too late to take any more orders for the holidays, we bought his entire line I
Holtdav Present for spot cash at one-quarter less than his original cost, so you can readily see how reasonable we can sell them. They are hand- boxT/si^for .*??.. boS I
Here are some that m a de -oattenbcrg and Teneriffe, also hand-embroidered Linens, Tambour and Irish Point, made of fine lawn and extra heavy linen. ladies- handkerchiefs— Made I
/^/%» ber l P d lo fl n « e ? e th r e e pri« iT com P nse ? doilies » cloths » scarfs, bureau runners, centerpieces and shams or -door panels. There are 5000 pieces, no f&^eat^lSd "nwrJw^SnStitched I
>Oo-^->^ Is forgotten two alike. . . . ¦ edge .'.10c each i or. ..A dozen Sl.OO I
,. r T»KS ioc quality sample price :..... : 5 c 50c quality sample price 3S c ; -^fV^f^'^SS^
S£tttetBSBLiSV&Z ir TO q ouaL Sa s Zo le P n^.----------'-"------ I5C Sr.00 quality sample price 6|c *%SS£%JS^££ffi&\\
Made of imported lambskin, with two quality Sample price . $1.85 KERCHIEFS— Hemstitched edge. fuU I
patent clasps, pique stitching, with /; A«^ ~ *.u • u ** i-^.- • IS Inches square: made of extra heavy It
Paris point embroidery on the back: many Others in better qualities at lower prices. Japanese Bilk. Price A plec© 35o I
ln mode, tan, red. brown, also black ====: = ¦ ' ¦ ¦ _ ., .. wv/ u . « »» ~ u'.-'J ' tl
nnd white; fitted and guaranteed. >: Talk Alone Will Not Sell Hosiery. j|
Prlce *i .00 Long Eiderdown Robes. 10c Instead of 25c. For the Op-to-Date Woman. . Doll Sale of Importance. ™> i^ve «*« « ood Quality to back it. t
(The genuine kind has Sorosis A Which will mak« a very LADIES' HOSE SUP- The GOLF or WALKING You will not «ven ex- . -,t> \ CHILD'S HOSE, mada I
¦ tamped on each button.) Q acceptable holiday present J&S&. PORTERS the kind that t&$& SKIRTS are thJ Drooer rar- 1^ *S\ nrct ?o iTiiv th° mat these fr^sb °* P lcked Sea Island kl
MEX-S— Made of the same quality j&a and at a very low price; made attach to the s!des of the <$&* m™s^or this time of vear 4^» » low nHces V^^' yarc. stainless, fast black. I j
as above only patent one clasp; in red, ffi^ of heavy all-wool eiderdown. corsets: made of fancy tl^V They are made of English ¦fSSisifiS Kid covered double cFtLZ double heels, toes and j
tans and browns; fitted and suaran- «^ deep sailor collar, crocheted \^0M filled lisle clastic, with ,ff£& cheviots an™ homespun! ln- M^ Jointed and Blngle joint- IR Jnees. fu 1 length jersey I
lec - d A pair Sl.OO M'\ around the edgo military fancy metal bow-knot )/] visible and solid stripes, in f/flt'S3i5 ed. dressed or undressed; fju |\, knit, winter weight all
--.*,. fllll ?£ a f? ni + ng ! > , heavy cord buckles and button J/ A brown, navy and black, with V^UMM some in fancy ball cos- V*$»i? Blzcs A pair 12 He g
You Can t Imagine M\\\j to tie around the •J^$3P> clasps; in pink, blue, red tailor stitched bands; they tumes. Dolls are out of CHILDREN'S WINTER I
How rood these shawls" aro at such <-M$y moneV's worth nr^mfrmnn^ 4? P and black. Only to Ibe hang and fit as they should. * " our line of business, but IIOSK, made of good
boot rooa «|^S8^ Bnawis^ro ax sucn th. motto nMW, Zr.n.y. — had at the Price Cutter's We have not the largest they came io us at such a low price strong cashmere, winter weight, fast I
a aow price a,« w». back is the motto of this store. Ouf» f or lOc / w *^ store, but we certainly sell that we could not -resist the offer. black, velvet finish: sure cure for soft I
JF&& xr h « ¦ «2 v£ n^h2i S2.85 W nh the smallest profits. Some with bisque and china heads. and tender feet. All sizes. .A pair 25c I
&f" ninerns with a deen nov The Latest Th/n/T in /)«« Wai*i LadlOS I A u nd y° u w111 sa y so when >*»" se « others with Dresden heads, open and LADIES' HOSE— Made of fast black
ZT StVtorde?^ilkSwool ThQ T^nlnlKL , '„ ' Tou ma^ lau * h at th « cold wea ther. them for '\» t closing eyes . natural hair and eye- Frenc h thread, open work law effect
A^V\ miked; in several combi- Or Collar Trimmings. ¦ that is. If you are Inside of our warm u , nu . .ul-'lv tun las c^ es - ,, 4 , In the newest patterns. Instead of
nations of colors, such as PERSIAN EMBROIDERED APPLI- underwear. • Here Is an Offering Which You Will 60c quality, our price lgc 25c. our price lOc
JhkN 4 '-3» black and white, blue and QUE, 214 inches wide, made on linen- Here's a LADIES' VEST AND Scareelv 8m Ahla in R*h*u* J? C c£ ua i y ; our P rlc «---* 45c LADIES' HOSE, made of fast black
fi*^fc.'b* whlt '- r " d and whlte - and finlsh duck - embrolucred in fancy col- TIGHTS. Made of combe'l Egyptian OCarce/y be AGIO tO Believe. M.50 quality, our price "63c English lisle, colored silk emhroid^rpd
7&rzf/] a11 white. You cannot ored patterns; all tho rape for collar cotton., steam-shrunk velvet finish the But con *« and see this la not the t-.OO quality, our price Sl.OO Insteps, in Jloral designs. Price.. ,"Oc
frv help but appreciate the and waist trimming. Price. .Yard 50c kind that will not itch the most tender «ore that advertises racts. . • V LADIES* "WINTER HOSE, made of
value at the wonderfully low price.. icnn v j * skin. VESTS— -High neck and long lOc Instead of 50c an* 75c- Women velvet finish cashmere, steam shrunk.
". 50c lOUU raras sleeves. TIGHTS — Ankle length and n n * j n x 1 a VTha h&Te Tit to bnv tniit w into. fast black, the perfect fitting kind. \
Of Normandy and point de tight-fitting tops, .Our holiday bargain Our Buyer. Snapped Up at Auction aoM? SK w&^e 3»4to *S £« Prlce l Apat25 « 1
Lovers Of Good Mufflers. PARIS LACE, from 3 to B inches wide, price Each. 50c 200 glass salve jars and ink pads, for ao nearly half price/ GENTS' SOCKS, made of Egyptian j
Here are some that never have been ln , tullp t r a , n ,^ floral designs, all pearl LADIES'.VEST— Made of pure Vega with, black ebonold tops and sterling CHILDN WRIST n*rq m»d,«f« cotton, stainless and fast colors, double i
equaled in "point^of value; Ld« of P ex- edge ' Holiday week lard lOc silk, low neck and sleeveless, hand cro- silver mountings. A great deal for tra^eavy i£a*ne<? le"at?,! r i^fn m etal h«l3 and toes; ln tan and black. Price j
tra heavy surah silk, full 23 Inches Beautifiers cheted yoke; : in wheel patterns. In your money. More than you can ex- $J£me and chains with lnsid? Docket • A pair 1Oc I
wide. 47 Inches long: hemstitched ends; THP mi^Arff vptt i«"th« v -u pln^' w blue ' ' whlte and cream - An ac " P«ct to get for , lOc n wSe green and black Our ?r ce «/ * »
real worth $1 60. At the Price Cutters ot T thf h^u?- S^S^o7 In inic u,Z£ fcptable present-, at -..an exceptionally. v m mue green and black. Our price Women |
08c 2 nd ' h criSs-cros™ Setsi c£U" k dotted low P rlce . ••-•••• -Each S 5c It Is Not Often You Get Values -' - 5C Who are subject torheu- \
,,., , .. , . ... „., , borders, also chenille dotted through- Sale OTarrell-Strcet Entrance. //t fl T nBS0 Ladies' Wrist or " Autn" Bnnt matism or colds, here is a r
What About Some NlCO Ribbon as out. Price Yard 4Oc „ „ ,„ n , n n - ivt AmFS' AVnrFVTV \iZ. «f t . ? 9 i W^ Preventive or a cure for either: fe
an Xmas Present? Ladies, Here's an Appreciable Gift J°*° U Wea ' R ? und A ¦ SLSJSL^S^SSEfy /^\ ru^nd 0 ' p^SSt Tun »^£?ef aJ?!?^ 1^^ I
that Is the way we will f^,- LADIES' JACKETS. 6^J%mnM day r pr T sent? , HTYt^ Italian twilled cloth fast I f leather handles; purse fn grS or whiS " V |
sell them. &R made of all-wool heavy rip- Heies one made of \w>V-- h , lfl ck. slfd rod and framf, snd hand mirror inside; pms TO MVTrtr ihfl. nf «m, P
\ Width No. 60. 3^ XL " Pie eiderdown, deep round p,^T w ,h, r a^ y ' " re , n , ch l*SS*-2^ elaborately trimmed silver l^^p^! red blue, green, tan and GU aUtv „ abovf anKneth /n» I
r-v Inches wide Made of ex- «fOwv collar satin bound- th** eIa f t ' c - German silver buckles handles; also horn and /S&Z&JS&mii black. Price 50c Slvti,! 7 v -f ? ankle length, draw S
EH£.'ls:sl ¦sss»r&ss HSSx?^^^™^ hS|? .a, r s^%^^^ In^----^ Kii^SS I
washable A yard |c V\r"ia/ tailor stStched 8eams : ln onfy ffie ! "a^^^N ifn^ $2 °° umbrellas «^ shape, silver^ frame; also A garment Sl.OO g
Width . No. 80. full 4 fc J \ P' nk : bl^ e : «T R y and J£ d - ¦•...... A box o c saw for , Sl.OO strongr chain, moire lined, mirror and Lovers of Pretty Neckwear tl
inches wide, of washable V \ At tfa e Price Cutters. .75c purse Inside, well sewed: made of Le-. J~J^tL£««~ a
silk taffeta, the Imported ' n ij i -j-i ¦<i^' « V^ i^*^ vant kid; in blue, green, red and black; _ • __ H
kind, in fancy ngured desipns; in pink Gold Initials, 1 {ft P D^ Ob. M*. ca nn B=^ Sp GHK if& TUiT_ no better made, even if you paid more. «J J^ c , E r ,2il !:R ' t - Or ' lI ' AR OH RI^^ON tj
blue and white. Price ...Yard J2V-C The kind that do not tarnish, slae 2*4 § H B B M 1 MB |P» H llB O fl ii H§ ¦ 10 1" ¦ rrice 50c PROTECTOR, made of Point de Gm« II
SASH RIBBON full flv* IiTches Inches, highly polished, ready to put B | B Ba g^ I | g»3 6M §£ &B L* Bta ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦- ..,--.%.. .¦"....•;.-.,- lace in wheels or floral designs. In \
wide, the Alamo quallt • th? host "satfn °" b ? 8 * Or >,f," y other Lather goods so Bl||r iiyftlililirrlli PRIPF-ri ITTFP 24 Cents and a Lot for Your MonOV S ° \
taffeta ribbon made; In pink. blue, nlle »»«Ple a child can adjust them. Price WQa BiWLill&lBUilU|r-All> L i> U I I E ft rea^ TURKISH "ciISHIOV COVtt* Collar and Cuff Sets. (
green, orange, lavendar brown tan «oC -• ¦ t\tuALi i uittvibj-i OLii>iiiUA tUV£RS, wuui u««w ***»» wo«*. «
black and also white For a lfmtt«»<i » n - .-« »¦;. T *nn<«> miranoTn. V>«^> >« • . **. - .. — ..— . &. ' to P and back alike, with large tassel COLLAR AND CUFF SETS, made of t-
ADVERTISEMENTS. '?
O©©0GQ0©©000C03000000©0G0G000000©0Q00C000eC0O
e o
g Just in Time for Christmas— Twenty-five Thousand S
g Dollars' worth of -QoaksV Suits, Skirts and Furs, damaged by §
g a little smoke. We have adjusted with* the insurance com- §
• pany and the entire stock, all up-to-date goods, must be sold 3
© out. Sale will begin to-morrow, at 9 a. m. §
f SMITH'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE I
| 72S MARKET ST. 8
© Opposite Call Building. Next Deer to S. N. Wood's. ©
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P ACII V S2il»<rat2t Includes th« new rtyls Oraphopboae with J»p.
Ua /^% <9 B EU M loaed Horn *nd Uu-ee-eong, super-bord buck moulded
Coiunnbi* lt*conl It la suar&oteed to giTeaseood results
E" A D IVS C l*\ -^^K^.gSwa^ " «7 Hi(fh-pnc*<l Gi*pQophone made. Jiew Buper-hsrt
-^00Se?«l3S$K35aKS*i8l lot i aoi <tMa ¦ ad ««*•. but strlc-ly new l^coi d« tliat bir.
fiLrf-*JSS5w^S^»5^^^»^Kl ? eT » r b « Ioro t*"" 1 on T h « ™ Include. coroposiUons
f or E * na - Orchestra. Songs, V^artctn, ComJo l«<rcil«Uon£
. fmX «T** ?gWa MH^BE-^E^f Cornet Solos, etc KnormonS .iiiuuiies j plenty o "ere^
6&&$&y»&t^d „»» „>. I tn« dUp»ir»«m being tns eiuae u that ua^a ln the lairer icS
X®8?&!*£fearR ro " r " ct 9 more expemive type. It has a tpzing motor, elrople and of solid
Et^vITlS* 7 fl u«Tor«teo«oi '¦ conrtructions a Rovfrnor which aamlu of quicK and scranTtM
Ri^«5i^, // •"»T«Lmi,a § sdjujtraenttoanydesircd.p.ediapofitlyefmlforc.rrjlnKthe
fcS^ir^ lM2*^£/ »*CMmc«, A "producer aad horn scrom th« cjlinder ¦t.itlioot the aid oftbo
BK? kS ?K«r k £ »' record Kroo»e. We want tolntroducBOurSI^X-lALTlfSlntoeTerr
BS^t*--K5giL S?'_??Tllli ii . H_ horae Ajnerica:aad in ord^r to do k> qnickly -wo will sirs this
s &£Ic£&*Ll i±$S9 Iat * st l«=proT<«l COLUMKIA. GKAPHOrtlOM? to any one 'who
Bend w yonr no. and addr«. and w, wffl Jou^S^artW^oncl"'
remit us our money (J1.eO) aad wo will Immediately 4nd yau this Talkin* Machine. eSftlTa?fflig5Sl^d wS TmriS»
Btrneiiye und eo dclirttful an entertainment. With this machlM »Sr^.» iiSL? t^J.i JJ.1 "1*° *» r ' ed «. K> .™*
litest operas aa rendered by tho world's criatest arttetaL^rb^^hi »' 3i * * nd *J noot e>T">»»'. to »t«
?otln,rmonolo^e.;oryoac«nr!»»<»ace^2^ysSrofh«'f^^ rol< *?, of *«m2 n " ""ned^o* «n Isc^hter-pro-
Think of it Thi. uV^™!ou?{irSn. ThU Granho^on^^^T * mmde br " il P'P»*«-W« coirrany with capitaP.
pu*nmt«d. clock motor Col unibtoGrarihonhone wiA ?hr^£,^j£!5' n "J""" o0fc * *" r fe r *""* * r* 1 "" 11 "'
ADVUBTlBTSTYTENTa.
SAVE MONEY
Buy the "Light Running"
"NEW HOME"
Cimnld
iii ¦sPqnd ¦ a n n
i »$Ss^ > w^ \^
SEE THE LATEST
Will do work no
other can duplicate
SOMETHING NEW
20 Years Guarantee.
SPECIAL BARGAINS NEXT WEEK
Ths New Home Sewing Machine Co.
Open Evenings 1051 Market St.present the U. C. T. minstrels at the
Alhambra #Theater Wednesday even*
ing. December 30. Besides the talent
of the Commercial Travelers, the pro
gramme will include a number of pro
fessionals. s:^Y
TraVelers Will Entertain.
Golden Gate Council No. SO, United!
Commercial Travelers of America, will I
LOS ANOEI^BS, D«C. 19. — Jamas B. Gary,
who fonred the name ot "laicky"" Baldwin to
two email checks, which: he cashed.' was sen
tenced to-day to . two years' Imprisonment, at
San Quentin by Judge Smith of th* Superior
Court. \~: .' . .¦-:-¦-¦¦.¦.,..
Leon B. Neate, ex-night clerk at the
Plymouth Hotel, who was arrested on
Wednesday afternoon by Detectives
Dihan and Wren In the pawnbroking
shop of Carr. Bros., 516V4 . Dupont
street, was booked at the. City Prison
yesterday on two charges of burglary.
The complaining witnesses are., Her-'
bert Thompson and Mrs.\ Brown, two
of . the guests . at .the hotel. Several
other charges could be booked against
Nea'te, but the police think two' will be
sufficient to hold him. .
Neate Is \ Cha rged.
ROME, Dec. 19.— The settlement of
the friars lands question in the Philip
pines also practically settles, it is con
sidered here, the question of the friars
themselves. The Franciscans, it Is be
lieved, will abandon the lands alto
gether, since they have no money to
purchase lands and have no other
means of support." A few of the Recol
lects will, remain, as they, have still
some property there. The Dominicans
will be looked after by their university
and th« Augustinians will reoccupy* the
building erected at IUoilo, which Is now
used by the Americans, as; a barracks,
and will claim an Indemnity from the
Government. The Augustin'ans will
use the b-uilding as a school.
.It is believed that the number of
friars remaining in the Philippines
with the consenvof the new American
Bishops will not exceed 150, but none
will" be 'sent to the archipelago, owing
to the lack of funds. Under the old
regime Spain paid for the transporta
tion of friars to the Philippines.
It Is Not ' Believed in Rome
That Many Will Remain in
the Philippine Islands
FRIARS WILL
GIVE UP LANDS
The news that Grace G. Thorne had
secured a divorce from Andrew
Thorne, the attorney, became known
yesterday. The decree was granted
Saturday, October 3, by Judge Heb
bard on the ground of cruelty, the evi
dence showing that In August of this
year Thorne struck and kicked his
wife and that numerous times since
their marriage he had thrown beer,
Mine and water in her face. The rec
ords in the marriage license office re
veal the fact that the Thornes were
married November 27, 1900, the. age of
the lawyer at that time being 37 and
that of his bride 26. Mrs. Thome's
maiden name was Conroy.
Sarah Arnold is suing Ernest Arnold
for divorce on- the ground of cruelty,
alleging In her complaint that, ever
since their marriage in November,
1901, he has abused her insuch a
shameful manner that her health has
been impaired. She says that last Oc
tober, after abusing her on the public
streets, he left her standing alone in
shame' and humiliation and that last
month he : tore up their marriage li
cense and told her he would fight any
one in the house who attempted to in
terfere with him. She says' further
that in November he compelled her to
pack his trunk, while he stood by and
cursed and abused her. On "November
20, she says, 1 he left her and has not
since returned.
Hattle de Wolf Emerick, who was
married to O. Emerick at Leominster,
Mass., in 1695, wants a divorce on the
ground of failure to provide. She
charges that for more than a year
Emerick has compelled her to depend
upon her relatives and friends for her
support.
Actions of Attorney Andrew
Thorn c Cause of an Appeal
to the Courts for Relief
THROWS LIQUOR
IN WIFE'S FACE
in the custody of' the clerk.
Leigh replied that in sixteen boxes
there were papers marked as stated,
but they did not contain papers of the
Botkin case. . .
The Judge, said these papers would
not necessarily be court documents, but
he ordered Leigh to gather them to
gether and bring them into court. All
the exhibits were in the custody of
Oscar Tolle, the former clerk .of the
court, who had them locked up in a
vault at the City Hall. He thought the
better course would be to have Tolle
bring all the exhibits into court and
have them sealed up and placed in the
vault. If there was to be an early trial
perhaps it would be better to leave the
exhibits In Tolle's custody.
The trial was finally set for February
15, and the exhibits ' will remain in
Tolle's custody.
Mrs. Botkin was in court and looked
buxom and smiling. It is apparent that
the fare at the branch County Jail is
agreeing with her.
On September 12 Jupiter reaches his
greatest brilliancy. At this time h« rises
at sunset and shines all night, being by
far the largest star to be seen.
BOTKIN MURDER
TRIAL IS SET
attorney Knight Springs Sen
sation by Potting Executor
of Chief Lees on the Stand
A mild sensation was sprung in Judge
Cook's court yesterday morning by At
torney George A. Knight when the
case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, charged
with the murder of Mrs.. Mary. Eliza
beth Dunning 1 in August, 18S8. was
called to be set for trial. Knight said
that E. A. Leigh, executor of the es
tate of the late Chief of Police Lees,
¦was In court and he desired to inter
rogate him as to certain papers and
documents connected with the case
that he had found among Chief Lee's
papers.
District Attorney Byington objected,
and said that it was the duty of the
Judge to interrogate Leigh.
Leigh was called to the stand and
after being sworn produced a bundle
which he said he had discovered in a
trunk in the basement of the late Chief
Lees' residence. It was marked "Bot
kin case." The bundle was opened in
the presence of Attorneys Knight, Heg
gerty and McGowan for the defendant
and the District Attorney. It con
tained two empty candy boxes, one
filled with candy, samples of arsenic
and other samples and papers. It was
thought at first that they were the
original exhibits in the case, and sur
prise was expressed at their having
been taken out of the custody of the
clerk of the court, which would have
put an end to the case, but Investiga
tion dlBclosed the fact that not one of
them was marked as an exhibit In the
case. The Judge ordered them placed
in the custody of the clerk.
Knight then said that he understood
there were fifteen or sixteen boxes
marked "Botkin case" in Leigh's cus
tody as executor, and he asked that
the court instruct Leigh to place them
Louis N. Selig, New York buyer for
the firm of Newman & Levlnson, was
the guest of honor a,t a banquet ten
dered to him. by the managers and
heads of departments of the firm on
Thursday evening. December 17, at
the doodle Dog . Restaurant. Covers
•were laid for twenty-five, and the com
j pany, including the members of the
' firm, Messrs. W. J. Newman. Benjamin
I Nfewman and Richard Newman, par
took of a toothsome menu.
A. C. Ballingall acted as toastmaster
and In proposing the toast of the even
ing, "Our Guest," alluded in a feli
citous manner to the many sterling
qualities shown by Mr. Sellg and his
unfailing courtesy, which. had endear
ed him to all who come in contact
with him, whether in business or
otherwise.
Mr. Ballingall then presented Mr.
Selig with a massive silver loving cup
from the lady buyers of the firm.
Louis Block, on behalf of the present
company, presented Mr. Selig with a
handsome silver and crystal smoker's
set, accompanying the presentation
with a few remarks, both humorous
and serious.
Other toasts were: "The Firm," re
sponded to by W. J. Newman and B.
Newman; "Our General Manager," re
sponded to by T. C. "Wilson; "The Of
fice," responded to by E. Boyle; "Our
selves," responded to , by G. St. J.
Bremmer. Songs were sung by Mr.
Ballingall, Mr. Symes and Mr. Brem
mer. F. McCarthy gave an excellent
imitation on the banjo.
A vote of thanks to the chairman
and tostmaster, Mr. Ballingall, and
'Auld Lang Syne" brought the en
joyable function to a close. . • *
Those, present were: Messrs. L. N.
Selig, "NV. J. Newman, B. Newman. R.
Newman, T. C. Wilson, A. C. Bal
lingall, E. Boyle, J. Mallon, D. Sichel,
A. Clark, F. McCarthy, P. Craner, A.
Nicholson, S. Bestandig, J. H. Piek.
L. Block, I. G. Cohn, J. W. Lewenthal,
G. H. Candy, H. B. Symes, George St.
J. Bremmer, J. Frisch, G. Aurich and
E. T. O'Neill. .
Louis X. Selig, a Representative of
Xeunian &.Tievinson, Honored by
His Fellow Workers.
TENDER A BAXQITKT
TO EASTERN BUYER
Judging by .the document filed yes
terday' by Ella J. Chamberlain the
truce that was declared a few months
agro 4n the legal battle between her and
her spn-in-law, Butler Smith, the well
known real estate man. was but a tem
porary' relaxation of hostilities. The
fight is now on again, and as before
Mrs. Chamberlain has fired the first
shot. She petitioned the court yes
terday for a citation directing Smith to
appear and explain why he has not
rendered 'an accounting of the $100,000
estate of his late wife. Ella Roberta
Smith; and why he has not paid to
Mrs. Chamberlain the sum of $125 a
month bequeathed to her in her daugh
ter's will.
The fight between Mrs. Chamberlain
and Smith began during the lifetime of
Mrs. Smith. When she died last Feb
ruary Mrs. Chamberlain haled her son
in-law before the Probate Court on an
order directing him to. explain why he
did not file his wife's will. The will,
which is a holographic document,
drawn up a short time before Mrs.
Smith's death, gave to Smith all of her
large estate and directed him to pay to
Mrs. Chamberlain during the rest of
her life the sum of $125 a month. Smith
finally produced the will and offered it
for probate. After a lapse of several
days Mrs. Chamberlain petitioned for
appointment as administratrix, claim
ing that her son-in-law did not exer
cise sufficient haste in taking up the
control of the estate to suit her. This
evidently stirred Smith up, for he im
mediately filed a counter petition. Be
fore the rival petitions came up for
hearing that of Mrs. Chamberlain was
dismissed and the coveted appointment
went to the real estate man. This was
last September, and since then yester
day's appearance of Mrs. Smith is the
only move she has made in the matter.
This, like all .the other moves by her
in the matUr, is prompted by the al
leged dilatory methods of Smith.
Seeks Citation Directing His
Appearance to Explain His
1 Failure to File Account
WANTS HER ALLOWANCE
v Once Again Mrs. Chamberlain
Asks Court to Urge Bealty
Agent to Use More Speed
MOTHER-IN-LAW
IS AFTER SMITH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
41
fReal Easy 1^
Save lots of y*
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware /rjV-
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
tQet our prices IV
Great American Import ing Jm
Tea Co. i
100 Stores Jj
That's the Reason. •£ '
SCI Market. 1419 Polk. 181» I>v!sa<5«ro.
210 Grant av. 705 Larkin. 8CO« Slxteentn.
14OElxth. 475 Halsht. Vi\ Montg'y ar.
S55 Hay«s. 251* Mission. 32S3 Mission.
146 Ninth. 52 Market. 3<>« Third. .
2003 FUlmer*. 2733 21th. 4«p Fourth. ; y
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
POSTUM CEREAL.
j • OX THE BABY.
: ColTcc Even the Babies Thrive On.
The little daughter of a college presi-
dent was saved by the use of Po3tum
Food Coffee at a time when she coul-1
'not take any solid food.
!. Baby's aunt says: "My sister and her
husband (who is president of a college
i in Georgia) visited me last Christmas,
and their little baby, two months old,
was very Blck. I thought it was not
properly nourished, so I began feeding
It on Postum, which I have used in my
own home for years with such grand
results. . ' . .' .
"You would be surprised to know
how' that little thing improved. Sister
had' been feeding it on artificial food,
that did not agree with It." The baby
continued to get stronger all the time
we were feeding her on Postum* and ;
when • sister left here she took Postum
with her, ."for, she feels certain that with
Pofltum to feed the baby on she Is sure
of good- healthy, nourishing food
drink." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich. . • ,
Postum is made of the purest cereals,'
with, absolutely.no medication what-
ever, and; when boiled according to di-
rections it is heavy with food value and
a great nourisher and rebuilder, as well
as a delicious drink. It Is also a specific
forlall of , the -dozens 1 of., different dis-"
eases caused by coffee. Trial proves
;thiS. : "." .-.¦ ¦"¦,- ¦ ¦ -•¦ -X- ¦ : •• .•¦. : .-- '
j Look" in each package for a copy. of
, the famous little j book, "The Road' to
Iwellvllle." . :
. ADVEBTTSEMENTS. . ¦¦ '¦ - }_¦_¦- ','<'
j ~, "*^ *Ll - ' -"C** -^ ¦^-¦^k. J^-H. a'^aaM^rV-firrJ^^Lr^t^ff j^ J ?fr^>T* J *^^'-"7TWil VCnioGffs. Bm ¦BSBI^B - wKBBm WK^SJm BB^^H HSSStM dm^^. TOflHM
JV JJ jl [1 JS& O / aJ« O J^i ™""^^S ft e! V&3 pT^tKafl vol. Q "^M & ft iml E\
"NUF CED"
j *} t im
_^ I i 5tS8s5L^5S^Sac- i , „ I. Tabourptt? — Moorish (Ipsiyn, quart< > n > d oak JlWf^^SfrTa^J^^li 1
_ *~~> ' or m »ho K any finish, highly j>oli*hed. Rr^S^^^^^^Sff,
bjjj " |K il "^ p 3 2. Buffet— Quartered oak. mission design. l£0&*^"iS*i&*§qfy
V i« \ v f $**immmm^^mmm m^^r^^au^^MamaeBMi*9'\ \ weathered, every detail In harmony with -T~~~-d&. if!
M (£& £9kv i^^\V ' il a the P*rlod which It represents. Trice — rrr^jtCI P M«
"^ ' I KRil Sn <^ ' C^^^^^^^fttftS A ; 3- Pedestal Din:c K Table— Quart"?!*! cok. U
•^ , 3f ifrY II jJf ' ' ¦*'""'': tl f;. weather«(3. box top. caired >gs. beautl- J7 H I y
V See the Store in Its Holiday Attire. ' ..^.'3^' j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IP Buy things to make home beautiful — that are constantly 3
» before the eye to remind one of the giver and not laid away jj
ff in a closet. Here are a few suggestions. Come in and look j|
j| around, and you will find dozens of them for yourself. g
ff . . Those beautiful ART METAL VASES, 8
Jf - in rich gold finish, with blended colored JJ
i| £ra|[ enamels — the finest assortment we have t|
4i Tr(irt<"i ever shown. Prices ran^e from Si to tt
B fLWff, /^rP*^ $16.50 — this one shown here, 15 inches %
» |N *Pufs!irar high, and one of the best values we have. f|
I w is $2-75 — finer, larger and more elaborate «
5 H ft|Q pieces at $3.50, $4-50. $550 and up to §
fi ment ot ' Bronze Statuettes EcKfci® »
6 -T^ESHW^ at $2 tQ $13 .50 each. $2.O< \ §
B (CEO "7£5 \ «
m »^./O This TEA KETTLE, black, wrought Jj
J iron stand, solid brass quart kettle and as- S
I" bestos alcohol lamp, for $250 — some very »
j^**^. fine designs at $350, $4-25. $475 and up ft
jf^jL \ CHAFING .DISHES are popular and «
Jp53E»L J useful articles. A fine Nickel Charing Dish, a
flr" n § with wrought iron stand, for $3-50, with §
\^£g£?«!' k stand, dish and all in fine nickel, at $4-50. H
rt!pS=||\ § $5-50. $650. $8. and up to $15; also a ft
k full line of Chafing Dish Trays. Spoons, |>
g $2.5O the WHOLE- -,#1^11^^ I
« inches across, $200 ; six inches. g
i $275 ; this is but an idea— come _ _ -. g
if in and look around. g
* CUTLERY is a fine, sensible gift to make. The following B
|f are all John Russell -dr Landers, Frary and Clark's goods — §
% known to be the finest made, Carving Sets, consisting of 1
* Knife, Fork and Steel,; at ? $ 1-25 to $9-50 the- set. Splen- g
\ did sets with genuine stag-horn handles at $2-25. $300 snd «
8 $4-75- Finest quality Table Knives, bone handles, $300 |
« per dozen; Celluloid' $3-50 and $450. and genuine Ivory |
§ $8-50- Also a complete line of genuine Rogers Spoons, J
g Forks and Silver-plated ware at the lowest prices in San I
« Francisco. |
§ DINNER SETS — If you are a married man, there's the 1 1
% most sensible Xmas gift of all to make your wife. A fine a
$ set in our famous Blue Dresden pattern for $9-60; in colors g
f and gold, $16-50; and fine thin Real China at $2250 to $35- 1
ft Also open-stock patterns from which you can make up a set, if
J or part of a set, to suit yourself. g
j| Among other lines not mentioned above we have complete. M
If assortments of Fine Decorated Table China, Art Pottery and £
» Ornaments, Artistic iLamps, Bohemian Glassware, Cutlery J
8 and Silver-Plated Ware. Although our store is but half a «
% block below the Palace Hotel, nevertheless, we are a little be- ft
« low the retail district — store's so big we have to be — and, g
§ also, on account of our immense -wholesale business. Come «
§ a little out of your way and buy at prices which will always f*
« average at least • g
I "One Quarter Less Than Elsewhere/* |
1 Come in the Mornings and Evenings if you can and avoid the afternoon crowds. 9
f IT VPAYS TO COME DOWN TO ft
f That Big China Store— A quarter of a block below Shreve's 5
[ S. STERNBEIM & SON, I
f 528 and 530 Market St., 27 and 29 Sutter St §
If BELOW MONTOOMEET. M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~rW : r : I Mutual Sails Bail I.
!^^^^^^^^&, ;{ r; ¦ ': ¦>: : : y-'yl 710 Market St., Opp. Third.
f^p^^^^^^ ¦ ; ? Guaranteed Capita! - - - - 81,000,000,00
|^P^gfi^|^&-v Paid-Up Capital ... - 300,000.00
I S^i' QI ft - ¦:! Sur P Jus * - • • - 200,000.00 ji
ijSpi HC II i'Mrl Tot21 AsS8ts " '¦ " " " ' 9 ' l00 ' 000i(10 J
VfMM%^ ~d $ I? ij 1 ' OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS: 1
• P-aSF*^ r*>— r^n f ' : ~'28*'~' 4 ¦' ¦¦¦• ¦¦¦•¦¦¦ ¦ - : 8
-.;HC,gU. &&m',p >||f '- t - ; JAMES D. PHELAN -----_.. -President
:^t^A^T^^^M^^^~i^^Mk ' : W. ' S.G. MURPHY - - r ..... Vice-President
p tOJ \ ; 1 JOHN A. HOOPER ....... Vice-President
|li^^^ .^¦'•'¦ j w"EiiAi INTEREST PAID ON DEPOSITS. %
1 .. ¦ - ..-..:.. ..... .. . _i^__^__^_^ V,Sherwood's . Christmas.
Sherwood Circle, Companions of the
Forest, A. O. F., will have a Christ
mas tree and an at home in its hall in
the Alaczar building" on^. Wednesday
evening next. There'wlll be a pleas
ing programme and at the proper
time, the members and their children
will be remembff ed by Santa Claus. -
ise of important economics in opera
tion.
FOREIGN DEMAND FOR COPPEK.
The iron and steel nnd tin and cop
per trades were inclined to react upon
each other and the important growth
of foreign demand for copper which
was reported helped the improved sent
iment over the steel outlook. The de
tailed reports of the arguments in v the
Northern Securities case were studied
with great attention in the financial
world, and the bearing of the points
at issue in that case upon a great mass
of corporate securities and upon the
organization of corporations was re
peated with renewed force. This In
fluence was only mitigated by the prob
ability of the final decision of the case
being still deferred for several months.
The approach of the end of the year
brings with it a sense of security in
the ability of the money market to meet
all year-end requirements without dis
turbance. The free return of currency
from the interior and the large inflow
of imported gvld have so fortified the
banking reserves as to afford appar
ently ample. margin for the temporary
requirements Incident to the disburse
ment of dividend and Interest and the
meeting of maturing obligations.
ENGLISH DISCOUNT^ ADVANCES.
The Bank of England was constrained
to advance its discount rate from 4 to 5
per cent in the first week of the year,
and It was estimated that American
securities were being, sent home to the
New York market at the rate of $1,000,
000 a day. It will be remembered v that
the foreign money markets became so
dependent upon American resources
during the following months that oner
half of the total issue of £60,000,000 of
British consols was placed with Amer
ican bankers In April, and there was
an important .American participation
during the spring in an Imperial Ger
man loan and in other . German and
Russian loans. It is pointed out as a
possible analogy between that season
and this that gold went out In large
volume from New York in January,
notwithstanding the unprecedented
trade balances piled up in our favor!
Returns of railroad gross earnings for
the first week in December show a
growth in {he ratio of Increase over
last year compared with those for the
fourth week of November, thus con
tributing to the undertone of firmness
in the stock market.
The bond market has failed to reflect
any Investment demand in anticipation
of January disbursements of funds, and
has been; dull, and, irregular. United
States bonds were unchanged on call.
A dinner will be given by the Uni
versity of Michigan Club on Tuesday
at 6:30 o'clock at the California Hotel.
The club has 102 members. Its offi
cers are: Warren Olney, president;
Charles Bush, vice president; Stuart
M. ICohn, secretary and treasurer; Ed
ward Mills Adams, "WIlHam H. Bar
rows, executive committee. A large
attendance is anticipated and the re
union is expected to be a very enjoya
ble one. Judge George E. Church of
Fresno will act as toastmaster. AH
graduates and former students of the
University of Michigan who have not
received an invitation are requested to
send their names and addresses imme
diately to the secretary, 808 Call build
ing.
Alumni Dinner.
port has been referred to the officer for
reply. No further action will be taken
pending an explanation from Captain
Phillips.
The transport Sherman will sail for
Manila on February 1.
The adjutant general's office is busily
engaged in prepar.ng the official Army
Register for 1S04. Much of the material
is already in the hands of the printer,
but the complete volume will not be
ready for distribution before Febru
ary 1.
There are eighteen vacancies In the
army medical corps. Two candidates
are now being examined in San Fran
cisco and the next examination to be
held here will be about the 1st of April,
although it is possible a small class will
be examined within a few weeks.
Great preparations are being made
for field day on next Tuesday. Sports
will begin for enlisted men at 9 a. m.
and last until 1 o'clock. At 2 p. m. the
officers of the Fifteenth Infantry from
Ord Barracks will cross bats with the
officers of the post. The festivities will
wind up with a grand ball in the post
hoproom.
The report has come from the pay
master general's office that Captain
John TV. Lb Phillips. Twenty-seventh
Infantry, has duplicated his pay ac
counts. That officer is row in Brook
lyn, N. Y., on leave of absence from
his station. Fort Sheridan. 111. The re-
Lieutenant James M. Graham of the
Nineteenth Infantry arrived from Van
couver Barracks yesterday with nine
prisoners destined for the military
prison at A!catraz Island.
General Anson Mills, U. S. Army, re
tired, and Mrs. Mills have gone to New
York from TYashingrton. Previous to
their transcontinental trip thej' will
spend several months at the Presidio
with their daughter. Mrs. Overton. wife
of Captain W. S. Overton, artillery
corps.
DUPLICATES ACCOUNTS.
In the football game between the
Twenty-fourth Field Battery and the
Point Bonita team from Fort Baker the
former won out with a score of 11 to 0.
It was a hard fought game.
The Ninth Cavalry football team
rarne out victorious yesterday against
the Fort Miley team with a score of 5
' to 0.
Nothing has been heard from the
Philippines in regard to the result of
the examination of candidates for
places on the eligible list of post quar
termaster sergeant of the army. There
arp thirty names oa the list at present
and at the rate of appointment which
has prevailed during the last year it
v ill take two years to make all these
appointments. It is doubtful if ap
pointments during the next year will
be made as rapidly as they have been
in the last twelve months owing to the
reduction of the military force in the
Philippines.
The holiday season in army circles Is
being largely devoted to athletics, not
only here at the Presidio, but also
throughout the different posts of the
rcuntry. Uncle Sam is a thorough be
liever in the fact that "all work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy," and so he
Is encouraging athletics from every
standpoint.
While the drills are kept up dally,
more time during the holiday season is
given over to outdoor sports. At the
post yesterday there were three games
froing on at almost the same time, and
ihey were witnessed by crowds of
something over 4000 people, which in
cluded officers and enlisted men from
all the different posts about the bay,
besides a bfg delegation from town.
The weather was good and the
prounds were in fair shape, considering
the heavy downpour of rain during the
preceding twenty-four hours. The base
ball grounds, on the lower parade, were
sprinkled with sawdust, which was a
great assistance to the players.
The baseball game yesterday between
the Fifteenth Infantry team, from Ord
Barracks; and the Presidio post team
resulted In a victory for the latter with
a score of 10 to 3. The visitors put up
a fine, careful, steady game and worked
hard to win out. but it was evident
from the start that they were out
classed.
FOOTBALIi GAME.
There has been a notable decrease
in the volume of. dealings in stocks this
week and business Has been largely
congested In a few of the specialties, in
which there was evidence of the ac
tivity, of the organized speculative
parties. The advances In these stocks
has served to hold the general market,
despite the apathy and indifference of
the trading. The dullness is normal to
the approach of the holiday period and
the speculative tone is a waiting one.
A large share of attention has been
given to developments in the Iron and
steel trade on account or the series of
meetings held In New York by mem
bers of the pools In various branches
of the trade to decide upon the ques
tion of maintaining prices. There was
much public doubt early in the week
as to the maintenance of rates, and re
ports were freely circulated cf selling
of independents below the schedule,
especially of steel -rails by a number
of the great railroad systems of the 1
country. The rumor regarding the net
earnings of the United States Steel Cor
poration for the current quarter were
also very discouraging. As the meet
ings of the different steel pools were
successively held without making any
changes in the prices of their product
there was a marked change for the bet
ter in the sentiment on the outlook for
the trade. A better Inquiry for forms
of structural steel was- re'ported as a
result of adjustment of som* of the
troublesome labor controversies which
have tied up operations in the building
trades and a firmer tone for plgiron
developed as a result of the heavy cut
ting down of production and the taking
of some large stocks off the market.
The progress of retrenchment of wage
reduction in the trade also gave prom-
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— A few stocks
supplied all the interest in to-day's
stock market. The continuance of the
recent active speculation in Amalgama
ted Copper, and United States Steel
preferred showed a firm tone on the
better feeling regarding the trade out-,
look. Opinions on the outlook In these
two metal trades are inclined to react
upon each other. There was a repeti
tion of yesterday's attack on Rock
Island and of the rumors of a coming
equipment bond issue, to which that
attack was due. The coalers were no
tably strong, especially the high-priced
stocks in the group. The foreign mar
kets showed in rather pronounced form
a recrudescence of the fears of war be
tween Russia and Japan. A rumor
found circulation that Russia was seek
ing a war loan in Paris and that New
York bankers had been approached to
participate in the loans. A contin
uance for any length of time of the re
cent course of our foreign trade would
offer a probability of some American
investment in foreign Government se
curities, but the volume of demand for
railroad borrowing waiting to be satis
fled by our money" market is for prior
decision. The bank statement showed
an even greater accumulation of cash
reserves than forecasts had indicated
and the preparation for meeting the an
nual dividend and interest disburse
ment is plainly in evidence.
VOLUME IS LIGHT.
Fred Relchert, agent for the Tewks
bury estate property at Point Rich
mond, believes that In a marsh that
belongs to the. estate there Is a vast
deposit of cement. He is led to this
conclusion by some experiments re
cently tried in connection with the pro
posed dredging of a channel across the
marsh to make it possible to float light
draft vessels up to the railway depot
of. the Santa Fe, near Richmond ave
nue.' Mr. Sheldon, president of the
Glencove Transportation Company, was
engaged in making soundings and
traversed a distance of about a' mile,
so Mr. Reichert says. The purpose
was to discover whether it was feasi
ble to dredge out a channel 200 feet
wide of sufficient depth to permit ves
sels to be used by the Glencove Trans
portation Company to pass In and out
freely.
"While the experts were testing the
land," says Mr. Relchert, "to ascer
tain the depth of the sand and to get
at the coat of making a canal, using a
tube to make soundings, they discov
ered that the sand continued down
from six to eight feet over the whole
length of the proposed channel and
that the bottom material would be
more difficult to work out. Upon
closer examination the material at- the
bottom proved to be a soft cement."
Reichert took some of the soft ma
terial. It hardened after a little, until
it became like stone. He advised
with Sheldon, who insisted that he
knew cement when he saw it and that
this was the real thing. Now Reich
ert says that the nature of the soft
substance material in question will be
carefully investigated. If it proves to
be cement, It will be worth a fortune
of great size. He has been Informed
that BOO barrels per day can be dredged
out by an ordinary dredger, and that
the cost of such work will be but $18
per day. As cement is worth $2 65 per
barrel, there would be a large profit if
there is no mistake in the nature and
extent of the discovery.
"I think," said Reichert, "that a con
servative estimate of the extent of the
deposit would be 150,000,000 barrels."
New Register That Is Being
Compiled by Adjutant Gene
ral Is Now Nearly Completed
Splendid Beturns on Railroad
Earnings for December Tend
to Help the General Market
Investigation Will Follow to
Determine Worth of Sub
stance That Is in Easy Reach
WAR HUMORS HAVE EFFECT
FIELD DAY NEXT TUESDAY
DREDGING BEVEALS IT
Holiday Season Brings to Sol
diers and Officers a Rest
From Their Arduous Duties
Fre<J Eeichert Believes That
Deposit of Building Material
«' Lies Close to Point Richmond
Active Speculation on Copper
and Steel Gives a Better
Feeling to General Trade
STOCK DEALING
SHOWS DECLINE
FINDS CEMENT
IN THE MARSH
CURRENT NEWS
OF ARMY LIFE
TEACHERS WILL
HOLD SESSION
Prepare Interesting Exercises
for Annual Gathering of the
California State Association
0. W. ERLEWIXE TO PRESIDE
S. If. Clark of Chicago Univer
sity and Arnold Tompkins
to Appear on the Programme
An excellent programme has been
prepared for the thirty-seventh annual
session of the California State Teach
ers' Association, which will convene In
this city December 28, 29, 30 and 31. The
Teachers' Institute of the city and
county of San Francisco will be held
jointly with the session of the State
association. The general sessions will
be he'.d daily from 2 until 4:30 p. m.
at the Alhambra Theater, Jones and
Eddy streets. Two prominent stars
from the East. S. II. Clark of the Uni
versity of Chicago and Arnold Tomp
klns, president of the Chicago Normal
School, will appear on the programme.
The department sessions; comprising
miscellaneous school work, committee
work and the programmes of various
Eub-assoclatio-ns, will be held daily
from 9 a. m. to 12 m. at the Mission
High School, the Girls' High School and
Steinway Hall.
The sessions will be presided over by
O. \V. Erlewine. veteran City Superin
tendent of the Sacramento schools, and
president of the California Teachers'
Association.
The tpachera of the city will tender
a strictly informal reception to the vis
iting teachers at llaple and Marble
halls. Palace Hotel. Monday evening,
December 23. Several hundred teachers
from the Interior have signified their
intention to be present. A large and
enthusiastic reception committee has
been organized and has perfected plans
for a choice musical programme. An
orchestra has been engaged for the oc
casion.
Tuesday evening there will be held
a reunion, and a banquet will be given
by the Alumni of the Young Men's
Normal Debating Society of the San
Jose State Normal School.
Wednesday evening there will be a
banquet given by the School Masters*
i Club. Arrangements are being made
fcr a trip through Chinatown and an
automobile run to the Cliff House.
For Thursday evening several large
theater parties have been organized.
oa ion*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER- -20; -190A
42
:: , ADVERTISEMENTS.
. You're going to get the highest
Ji||lif^B class of mechanical toys
V-ylJLl lollllcto OUIL VsiisSraBfek.
|ffi : |p|l until Christmas /^^^^^T
now from <r to «^"^S^f^^^"""^ ' Silk Matlesaise
years, in ROYAL ¦^m^m^m < t <
StTSSi^ /^^^^% Smoking Jackets
Nnthinc/ in town S" =%*"£. • t\ W'\W These are considered the greatest
will rnmoAK with '• JLJr ¦ ~- luxury in SM0KirNG JACKETS, the
Will tUlUVaiC W1U1 kJSSU TfTrol 11 l »i «1_1 »<rAn •
, • . VSSI Km VC1 T swellest ideas possible. $15.00 in
cm at any price; »- »J| stores; $jo.oo has been o«r price;
all colors; all l|g WJ all and thcy > re a manrdously
Sizes. Wk pretty lot. They will be our great
$P»" P*" T f$l Vpi Christmas bargain— SPECIAL at
l ill Christmas
FETCHING fyM&Yd 1 // \/-/f/ / )&r A°Tn
ideas m hnMjf/ihfi
Lounging ,,fw i/J/' v ' UfUtjC/fvyv v ; ° ThinSS to
Robes % ttradwoat Smoking
nnci i ~i > — i -T "%r ±
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S= ¦ . , . . _ =5
»— ,. V *^^^^h f^f^ 3^^^^^^^ Bx^^^^^ ¦« fcST TSr^^^^ TH r "tst
| IS THE RESULT. %
=§ If men and women who suffer from %
f: I^K Stomach, Liver or Kidney Complaints %
% f|pf would only take Hostetter's Stomach %
g Jlfllt Bitters they would soon- be restored to 3
% perfect health. It is especially com- %
g iSfS^IISIS^ pounded for such ailments and has 3
1= never been known to fail.. %
t8HikJ§&r - %
I ffi^^p r Stomach Bitters 1
H |t will restore the appetite, assist diges-
i tion, stimulate the liverand kidneys,and 3
i iB^^^P cure SICK HEADACHE, CRAMPS, NAUSEA, 1
Wm*SM DYSPEPSIA, INDIGESTION, BILIOUSNESS, i
1 H^NteSH INSOMNIA, CONSTIPATED BOWELS AND 1
| H^^Ml MALARIA, FEVER AND AGUE. Try it at I
gi once, for we know it will- cure you. [f
£= Read this evidence: 3
g § ' NEW YORK, N. Y. | § EVANSVILLE, Indf • %
5f ¦ © Gentlemen: — I have used your o O Gentlemen: — I suffered for years 8 2,
j*T q Bitters for stomach and kidney ailments e • from stomach, bowel and- kidney S 2
IE; g and I am pleased to recommend it to J J troubles. I was persuaded to try your J ZZ
ZZ g ever}' one. ,, , 2 2 Bitters and can truly say that it cured • 2
g S I.ACKERMAN. 3 3 me. , R. O. DUNBAR. . § fg
g leoeoooceccoooooQoeosooooeoes© Goo®eoo(oo&eeQ9oeooQO*o9®O9oe§ 2
§= THE GENUINE IS FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS. DON'T ACCEPT ANY .OTHER, i
S3!UiUiUlUiUilMUiUJ^WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — In addition
to complimenting him publicly in the
office of 'the' White House before a
number of callers upon his Quill Club
speech relative to the Panama ques
tion. President Roosevelt has writtten
a personal letter to Acting Secretary
Loomis, recording his approbation of
the .' energetic, tactful and compre
hensive treatment of a difficult, sub
ject: by. the Acting Secretary/, \ .__. _^_
Mr. Roosevelt Writes Letter of Thanks
, for 'Acting Secretary's Quill
Club Speech.
REPLY OF THE PRESIDENT ,
TO CRITICISM OF LOOMIS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— A joint
session of the Senate and House com
mittees on Irrigation of Arid Lands
'was held to-day* at which F. H.
Newell, chief of the reclamation ser
vice, reviewed the work in progress
under the national irrigation act.
These are the Truckee River project
in Nevada and the Tonto Basin dam in
Arizona, besides many,, surveys. No
additional legislation was asked for,
nor. any amendments to the irrigation
act suggested.
Chief Newell of the Reclamation Ser
jvice Reviews the Progress Made
on Arid Lands.
CONGRESS COMMITTEES :
HEAR OF IRRIGATION WORK
Postmaster General Payne has tele
graphed to Chairman Hanna that evi
dence has come to him indicating that
extortionate rates have been fixed for
the convention by the Chicago hotels
and suggesting that unless assurances
are at once forthcoming that the reg
ular rates are to be charged the
national committee would rescind its
action in selecting Chicago.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — What
seems to be an attempt on the part of
the Chicago hotel managers to raise
rates- during the National Republican
Convention is to be nipped in the bud
by the National Republican Commit
tee. ,
Republican Committee Nips in the
' Bud Proposed Scheme During
Chicago Convention.
HOTEL MANAGERS' PLAN
TO RAISE THE RATES
Payne said he saw no objection to
the adoption of the resolution, and sug
gested that if tfle minority had no
more remarks to make on the subject
he thought it woiild be unanimously
adopted.
Cowherd (Dem.) of Missouri, a mem
ber of the P^ostoffice Committee, spoke
for that committee, saying the chair
man, Overstreet, had • suggested the
widest publicity to the papers received
from the department. Williams, ad
dressing Cowherd, said:
"I want to suggest to the gentleman
that it has been reported, as shown by
porticos of the report of Messrs. Bona
parte and Conrad, that Certain things
had been covered up, especially in con
nection with Mr. Heath."
Cowherd replied: "I think the gentle
man from Mississippi misunderstands
the report in the publications In the
newspapers. I understand the report
of Messrs. Conrad and Bonaparte to
be on the action of the Postofflce De
partment on the Tullocb/charges, where
it was said there was an attempt to
cover up something in regard to
Mr. Heath.- I do not understand that
report to say that the report of Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General Bristow
a» printed, covering about 400 pages,
was In any .way an attempt to coyer tra
anything involving that gentleman or
anybody else. My impression is that if
the gentleman will examine that re
port, which is found in the newspaper
accounts, he will see that the covering
up referred to was the act of tile Post
master General in refusing to invests
gate the Tulloch . charges."
', The. resolution offered by Williams as
a substitute for the Wanger resolution
was then, agreed 1 to without division by
a. practically unanimous vote; thus dis
placing the resolution authorizing the
committee on expenditures of Post
°^ ce Department to request the .infor
mation, 4 ' m
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— When the
House convened to-day the Wanger
resolution, owing to an error in yester
day's vote, was before the House sub
ject to further action. Williams, the
"minority leader, offered as a substitute
the resolution he propos«d yesterday,
which provided that the Postmaster
General be requested to transmit to the
House all papers and evidence touching
alleged frauds and irregularities in the
Postofflce Department and postal ser
vice excepting such as in the opinion of
the Attorney General might defeat the
¦ends of justice.
» .
Requests the Postmaster Gen
eral to Submit Information
in Regard to Postal Frauds
HOUSE CALLS
FOR PAPERS
LEADERS VISIT
WHITE HOUSE
ferences With Cabinet Of
ficers and jlembers of Senate
President Holds Series of Con-
'already has been made and others are
likely to follow. The matter is now
in the hands of the Department of Jus
tice. Both Secretary Hitchcock and
Attorney General Knox said that noth
ing could be revealed at this time. . ¦
Senators Lodge of Massachusetts,
•Spocmer of Wisconsin and . Kean and
Dryden of New Jersey also had inter
views with the President, but little In
.formation concerning their visits .could
be obtained. It Is known that the op
position In the Senate is making stren
uous efforts to present an unbroken
front against the treaty with. Panama.
This has been the subject of Borne talks
the President has had with Republican
Senators. v - ' v;-
The President has expressed a. desire
to avoid even a seeming interference
In matters pending before .the Senate,
lest his motives may be . misconstrued,
but he talks freely with his personal
and political friends in the Senate about
such cuestions. -
BOSTON. Dec. 19.— The stock of the
large woolen mills which to-day passed,
into the hands of a receiver, with llabll-"
ities $347,000, and assets, book accounts,'
etc.. $175,000. has been sold for cash to
A. X. Jackson of San Francisco.
Boston Woolen 31111s Go Under and
San Francisco Man Buys the
Entire Store 4
BIG FAILURE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— President
Roosevelt had important conferences
to-day with several members of his
Cabinet. Secretary Moody had an
early interview, during- which the latest
advices from the naval forces along
the isthmus of Panama were consid
ered. No specific information regard-
Ing them was made public.
Secretary Cortelyou took up with the
President a departmental matter which,
he said, was of no public significance.
He was followed by Secretary Root,
who remained with the President a con
siderable time. The nature of the con
ference was not disclosed.
Later Secretary Hitchcock and Attor
ney General Kncrx had an extended
talk with the President, to discuss the
land frauds in the West. One arrest
HIGH PRICES PAID
FOR RARE OLD RELICS
Two Vr.so* Bring $19,000 and a Flem
ish .Manuscript Is Sold for
$12,000 in London.
LONDON, Dec. 19. — At an auction
now in progress here a pair of vases
of eld Chinese mazarln blue porcelain,
pencilled with foliage and other beau
tiful designs in gold, has sold for $19.
200. They were twenty-one and a half
inches high, finely mounted in ormulu
and we re the work of Caf iori.
A latino Flemish manuscript nearly
but had not observed when it was taken
up in the Senate and therefore had
been unprepared for the announcement
of his confirmation. Both Senators
Morgan and Bacon said that so far as
they were now advised there was no
personal objection to Buchp.nan, but
both opposed the act of sending any
representative to Panama at this time.
They did not enter into a discussion of
conditions on the isthmus beyond say
ing that every one knew what those
conditions were and that the situation
was still a matter of congressional in
quiry.
Senator Cullom. chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, re
plied that there had been no intention,
either in committee or in the Senate,
of getting the nomination through sur
reotitiouslv and said that it had been
taken up as a matter, of routine busi
ness.'
. No vote was taken on Morgan's mo
tion, but it has the effect of tying up
the matter, as notice of the Senate's
action had not been sent to the Presi
dent before the motion was entered.
TOO years old, which bore no title, but
Is illustrated with no fewer than 267
miniatures and Is apparently an "Olla
Podrida" of Biblical philosophical,
emblematical and apocryphal subjects,
brought $12,500.
Nearly every other page Is decora
ted with grotesque human beings,
birds aril animals, and the book is
considered, to he one of the most wotv
derful examples in the world of rich
ness? and grotesqueness of unbridled
human imagination.
Gnlllett'a Christmas extra mince pies, ice
cream and cake. 905 Larkin at.: tel. East IDS.*
In an executive session of the Senate
Morgan moved to reconsider the motion
by which the nomination of W. I. Bu
chanan, to be Minister to Panama, was
confirmed on Thursday last and the
motion was discussed for half an hour
without being acted upon.
Senators Morgan .and Bacon both
said they had Intended to oppose con
firmation -of Buchanan's nomination,
Pettus announced it to be his pur
pose, to confine his consideration to the
legal aspects of the case, adding that
if the recital should prove a severe re
flection upon the administration the
fault must be attributed to the law.
and not to himself. . H© quoted author
ities to show that de facto governments
should be recognized only when estab
lished and declared that such law was
a severe commentary, upon what the
United States had been doing in Pan
ama. He contended that the United
States should not be actuated by self
ish motives and urged that national
honor shcild always be consulted
rather than commercial success.
Pettus contended that if the United
States should take the canal property
in Panama we should pay part of Co
lombia's public debt. Yet he feared
that this would not be done, even
though demanded by common law and
ordinary decency.
He also declared that Colombia had
a rieht to reject its treaty with the
United States, if it so desired. He as
serted' that ont brigade "of regular
United States troops would be suf
ficient to cope with the entire force of
Colombia, but surely the great power
given us by the Master was not to
be used by us like a bully. He de
clared that war against Colombia had
practically already been waged, but
argued that no other Authority than
Congress could assume this responsi
bility.
WILL OPPOSE BUCIIAXAX.
QUOTES LAW OF NATIONS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— When the
Senate met to-day Gorrhan* asked for
immediate consideration for a resolu
tion directing the Postmaster General
to send to the Senate the reports of
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow and Holmes Conrad and
Charles G. Bonaparte, special commis
sioners for the Government. He said
that the reports for which the.resolu
tion called already had been sent to
the House and had been printed.
Lodge suggested that the House
document be reprinted, but Gorman
said that the document had been pub
lished only by a House committee and
that he preferred to have the informa
tion direct from the head of the Post
office Department.
Quay then made objection and asked
for the postponement of the ..resolution
for a day. This objection had the ef
fect of postponing consideration until
after the holidays. .
The Morgan resolution, offered yes
terday, was then laid before the Sen
ate. Pettus said that if Panama were
an independent nation it was Important
to know whether it was legitimately
such. He said it was important to
know whether the participation of the
United States in the birth of the na
tion had been of a character to tarnish
the honor of this country.
"God forbid," he exclaimed, "that this
giant republic of ours should ever be
come too great to maintain its honor."
Foes of the Canal Treaty Will
Strongly Oppose Confirmation
of Buchanan's Nomination
BITTER FIGHT IN PROSPECT
Supports Senate Resolution in
Opposition to the Admin
istration's Panama Policy
PETTUS JOINS
WITH MORGAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20. 1903.
43
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
/• <*
Nearly everybody knows that charccal is the
safest and most efficient disinfectant and puri-
fier in nature, but few realize Us value when
j taken into the human system for the same
! ciosnsiriE purpose.
Chat coal is a remedy that the more you tak«
of It the better: It Is not a dniR at all. but
simply aL-torbs the eases and impi-*-iUes al-
wajs x.rtrcnt in the stomach and intestines
and csrrle« them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking.
(5rli:kliiK or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vttfetables.
Charccal effectually clears and improves tho
coirpicxlcr.. it whitens the teeth and further
nets as a natural and eminently saft cathartic.
It t.b8orl>n the injurious gases which collect
in the etomagb and bowels; .it .disinfects . the
mouth and threat from the poison of catarrh.
All drogrglstB sell charcoal in- one form or an-
othtr, "but probably the best charcoal and the
most for the money Is in Stuart's Absorbent
Losenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
tiseptics In tablet form or rather In .the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixtd with honey.
The <*.ailv use of these Io2enges will soon
tell In a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of it is that
no possible, narni can result from their con-
tinued use. tut, on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sobent Lozerges^to all patients suffering from i
gas In stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and nurlfy the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
ntted by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty-five cent* a box at drug stores, and al-
though in some eense a patent preparation, yet
I bellevo I tet more and better charcoal in
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges than In any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets.
TCUTliERJf
Bad way's
Purely vegetable, mlfd ' and reliable. Causes
p«rfect -digestion, •'complete -absorption and
healthful regularity. . . ; • . .
l'rr the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, "Bowels. Kidneys,. Bladder, Female ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
ttlpatlun, ' Piles and ell derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a "box. At druggists or
, by mail. KADWAT & CO.. New York,
' ¦ ' ' ¦' ' ADVEBTISEMENTS. , ; : : '
OS?5O©e©<3OGOGO3OOdO®O©®»©CO©O©OGC0SOOO©OOO©9©OC©OCGeOOCO3OO6O9CeGf5OOi
S Hnliriav Prpwnt 1 Pric8S Lower !
g » 0IIDa Jr reseni 818-820 /AARKtT ST., SAH FPAH05Q0. Than Others... {
• I I The Oldest and Most Reliable -Department Store in San Francisco. «-_« ¦« <
I TAKE NOTICE EBONY EB.ONY CELLULOID BOXES !
• Corsets at less than half-price. It's the rage. Everybody calls Never before has such a com- •
• "s c p o,o?s h a' n g d h -^ e c kT$;. -a-. <t*m neat and raade of Kood ?<" !™ bec v ut btfore the pub - !
• ' soecial each . .75c "* „ . _ . ai lie. All we ask you is to look and «
• Corset, in black or white Re*, gony Mi'|»g^|SS^Sc Z foliar and Cuff Boxes. .. .;'r.e „? .
S $250; special *!•••> Eb Bonnet Brush.. . *1.00 ud JVork Boxes 50c m <
i Lambs' Wool Boas Ebony i^fel? to9MO ° %iS&ZM&£§$i& Z
1 36^f e " fe %%?$g$M ¦ Vou shave, DON'T you ? Sfn g Bo s"s s :::::::: : : $SS Z \
2 54 inches long, beautiful white Take your choice as a present Photo Albums oOc ud «
S boas. Reg. $2.50. Special ?1.25 and ask for a Triplicate Mirror, .so Photo Albums (musicaO$3.oO ut> <
5 Black with white tip. Reg. Si.W. different styles in wood or gilt Brush and Comb Sets. . .91. oO uo <
3 special 50c backs, from. .. .$2.0O to $20.0© Poker Sets $3.75 U p ]
™«sis»«««bb™bbb«»i««»b«^ i
j Send for Our Catalogue of Music j
• nni 1 c nm i q ix>ok over these arti- spfiRTiNn nnnrm !
0 UOLLb UULL5> AND see youtj OrUI\ I 1I\U OUUU5 ,
© Don't "forget dollS Of KE FOR YOUR PRESENT: r t7ble\o f rVlida 7 O pre 8^n r ts lnir J
• 11 i . j 1 6 * ' 11 CARtaXG SETS, FIjAT WARE, Footballs In sheep, calf and pig- ,
o all kinds; sleeping, walk- pi;R ses and bags op al* '^^ • h aVnes S Vn OS J^^ 1 s?S j
a inrr folLrinrr Ov^r 9000 KIXDS, PERFUMERY, X7M- ruards and all football supplies. '
• lily, UUKJllg. UVCI^UW BRELIjAS, CAXES, WATCHES, Boys 1 and men's stuffed baseball
© different styles, all the clocks,- 0 ™^' 1 B c£^^ •:::$& S |8:S8 !
6 £ J ' WARE, PORTFOLIOS, FOUN- Baseball suits made to order? {
• WaV irOm TAIX PENS, STATIONERY OF Tennis- rackets 75e to *7.OO «
2 B 4- eOA »U ALL IUNDS, MIRRORS, BRUSH- Jg* wool «reater»..»l. »1.S5.- ,
J 5C tO 5}>^.U CdCn ES, ETC. . ¦ Men's wool sweaters ..S3 to S3.5Q j
$~~ SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS. !
g «fc. best assent .npexior ? ood. and^owjrt *£»!£*£ <£ y -«-«». *<£££* *««tm«t. J
1 Bone. Celluloid or Rub^r RgU« ..^ pOB JSg^roi.**. * j
8 t toiS ?^ p a^^-oVkvr^c-^ 0 .^ !
© Rahv JnmMrs With stand T Lady Bountiful 3» c Kan and Katch 2Se i
g Baby Jumpers. ¦Rith 8tana 43^-^-i,,. oo Walter Cranes Picture Book ..U£c Turn Over^-Xew 45e J
SI rf.mWlnat!on"Babv"JuniDer Rocker. HiKh Brownies at Home fl^5 Crokinol* Board*. 50c to $3.3O ]
5 Chair Swing and oS-Cart. .?. . f ?»i« A Trip to Toy Land... «5c Combination Garqe Boards, 25 to 100 J
• L«w « *n r tp AM Brownies and Other Stories ..50c Games. *l_50 to $4.75 <
0 raOM 2 TO S TEABS. McBurney— His Book fl.lO 10-Game Crokinole Boards «1.25 |
a Roller Chimes lOe to fl.OO chatterbox > OOc BTIiZiZABS TABLES I
• 1^-^*^ g h^e°^S^ A Se::::::::::::::fS c r n T a rr?rKt T o a Ww, 8 '
8O Gas «nd Colored Balls .Be to »2.O« a B C Surpriae Book oOc s *™ le \. &£*?„£?£ l?Tulio%^dTo *
Iron Train of Cars lOc to g-OO Wee Folks' Annual T5c cb«TS<fw«r •pkt<1! nnviMTvra <
Iron Fire Engines lOc to >«.5O rather Goose— His Book T5o C £ BI £™ AS *&EJ* OBSAJtESTS. .
• a gS£^^S e r.::::::lSS IS SS8 Fosy G^SS'SSS. a SSi Wc c^ e SWi^^dSiT^ 3:23 !
©Iron c Hac kS . Ice Wagons. P^ns. Trucks. JOB OK n OHW^ fc doaen.^
S Drum^sood ones 2T,cto»1.O<> bound books anywhere for... 'Me Candy Boxes, etc. '
2 Shoo Fly Rocking Horse^....Tfic to S-.r»o CiOTH-BOXXHD JVTESHI8. Xmaa Candles, all sizes lOc box J
• Battleships 25c to 31.OO _ Henty Series lOc and 2Sc SXECBASXCAX TOTS. '
• Horses and Cows 10e to Alger or Ellis Series BOe TVTmlMai* anrt n.taii *
O DogsandCats lOc to $3.50 Black Beauty lOc Automobile? 15^ to SO OO <
O PHOM 5 TO 12 TEABS. 200 other titles for boys and girls, lllus- SS.TO ffif^^rTrw^SSSil
• ssK- r^oVAo^SS E^^ies/bVFiniey::::::::::::::::^ sUSlDpfSli 23610 !
g lu^Zies-::::::::.:.^ to h*.™ }^»^ £ ™* 25 C -io::::::::::::::::Ji^
• £££ S &™ pX% D Lio^°. r . ia :::::::::::::::::::::5^ M^ t n o lcal Traln - wlth Track - .«, , M>
5 So^tere-iRough Ridere ..«2.00to^.00 Assorted Fa^y Tales 19c. 25c. BOc Ei^^-T^te^ 'HlVixM Vo.V.V.V.Tgl^O \
J? rn,,t»M White Flyers ..SU.OO to 1M.OO Pocks Bad Boy complete oOc •«#»•»¦» -r,T,<-< n-r^,*, ]
• OMt Carts :..... W»O to *«.O(» Hundreds of other* at any price to suit »OZ* BUOOXM. <
Q ? T TnA clrs *5.OO to «2."i.OO the pocket. 125 styles of Doll Buccies and Go Carts i
S l^omotive. '""........ *11.<M> to $14.00 COFTBIOHT FICTION. at any Drtce to suit your purse and any j
A Sfi^ws »3.50 to SO.OO Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch or Lovey •««. Tom 25c to flO.OO J
S Lawn SwlnVsV.' : .?8.50 to »lO.OO Mary TOe WBITXNO BESXS. J
? Merry-Go-Rounds *a."i.OO Any of the new copyright fiction published Children's Desks. $1.00 to 9 4.50 ' »
• Doll Houses 25c to ?1<MM» at $1.50. our price fl.OM Ladles* Desks. In Quartered Golden Oak. *
% Furniture Sete lOc to 8!I.3O Many of the recent copyright fiction at 5Oc $6.50 to $22.5O 4
e _. — ; _ _ <
© KNIVES. BAZOBS AND SHEARS OSOTJND AND BEFAZBES. <
O . ¦¦•• , >' . PICTUBE FBAUES OI 1 AM. DESCBIPTIONS MADE TO OBOEB. <
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JHoliday Fun and Folly
? /"r^^Sw Too much of a good thing!
/f£ > v\/ —^^ That's what we are all lia-
\jk vf Xfr/ bl e to ta^ e during a holi-
' — '"^jWyV^ $KV day season. Healthy, jolly
s^-"|^w^a\ >w people will do it and make
J[(f\!^§? / f themselves sick. "In time
jfi A\\^^ J j of peace prepare for war,"
N^ >/^ and have about the house a
j J^^aJ^g \ pleasant, perfect, palatable,
J^\jr^J^»^^^5!|2^ positive medicine for sour
— -^ stomach, sick headache,
*' *" colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a goodlime,
will fix you all right for mprnihg/and let you get lip
ilear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure.
/s^rx/fts*^ nt*v Best for the Bowels. All dracghrts, z$ci 33c, Never sold in bulk.
1 VA<iJVAJiJ aJ^-AtjJ The CfDuine tablet tumped C C C- Guaranteed to cure or your
W^T-T ** vw TTjS*' n»CBC/b«ek. Sample *nd booklet free. Address , ,. .. ; :;¦...;
ii£~i yf^^ Slcrliag Rcaacdy Compuy, Cliioajo or New York. G3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\p£ wBsCtfm If If fjj I v2rw$v9vBfi^9Lis^L^C^V**^Pi4IV"J*3Ei3aV
m/ii §0iMM&&&mJtBi$U&M o3 Ii Lex v^l clLlo 1*5 20 1 1 1 i?
y * V t * v* vl
to your home and pay for it in easy monthly
payments during the months of the' year in
which you have no other Christmas presents
to buy, or you can have one made to order to,
match your furniture.
Have You Heard the Cecelian
===OPEN EVENINGS===
BYRON MAU2Y
GECILIANPIANOPLAYERS 50HMER PIANOS
BYRON MAUZY PIANOJ
308 312 Post 5t, «$*n Fr*nci jco.
_^_ _,__,_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
by t the
SS * tDoli. &OJ.M TQblC. Richly grained quarter- y/i
x^yln \yeathered oak; covered in Spanish |w\M ed oak, or solid mahog- &Jj '
£3[ roan-skin leather. A biff assort- A^r \\ IeST® I an y; a beautiful de- fi>"T ¦"/,¦- Y\
Cfl inent -t arts ?.nd craft designs. \\i In h k ?a iL cir,,-, 7h J J S --T5
© This chair/ this week OOllJ Wg & R Sim 'n^ "V " '^' V V^ -Y&
1*~\ r a SI S I Others from 85c to 350.00. 'A/**
0^=— -«- -i— n This one in solid weathered oak; reg- COQ 7C M §ff *gg
J^ular price special this week, vZOi/U |^--» \X
:REDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST, ™THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 20, 1903.
B.F.Stoll, dentiat; Halght & Masonic »T.«
•Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co., 4(W Clay.*
The twentieth, entertainment by. the
Native Sons'* Joint literary arid social
committee will" be given in' Native
Sons' Hall next Wednesday night. . -It
wiil be the executive, committ«e's
night and an unusually good pro
gramme will be presented.
Native Sons' Social.
Secretary M. J. White of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren secured (an , order, from Judge
Murasky yesterday directing Herman
and Jennie Zeebrto appear before the
Juvenile Court to show cause why they
should riot be punished for neglecting
their tjiree . children,. ¦ the , oldest of
whom'.ls 9 and. the youngest *2 years
of age. White .made. an, affidavit that
he found the. little ones at 11 Sher
wood place in a -pitiable condition.
Will Punish Crael Parents.
P.. J. Murphy, an: employe of the
United Railroads, who last August
¦was run over by ; a dray driven by
Frank Ramer and owned by William
Grutzmacher.'sued Grutzmacher) yes
terday for 55100 damages. The acci
dent occurred at the corner of Third
and Howard streets while Murphy
was lifting a rail. The dray was driv
en, over the rail and Murphy
was thrown several feet' His left "leg
was fractured, his -right leg bruised
and 'his "body cut and" lacerated. •• *
Murphy Sues for Damages.
Bohemia was in a blaze of festive
glory last night in honor of the Christ
mas high jinks.' The clubrooms, ap
propriately decorated, were thronged
with members. The attendance was
about the largest In the history of the
club.
The magnitude of the throng was
due in a measure to the very clever
and fitting invitation of the president,
James D. Phelan. which contained the
announcement that Governor Pardee,
John McNaught, Justice Henshaw and
Jvdge Sloss would be seen and heard.
It 'was the. verdict of the llstenera that
the 'sire made an excellent selection of
contributors and it was likewise the
general opinion that the low jinks,
a genial burlesque of "Ben Hur," was
one of the most captivating sketches
ever placed on the stage of Bohemia.
The audience was highly - pleased.
Some of the most pleased of the guests
offered to. buy wine for Will Ir-vin.
J. C. Wilson and other directors of the
exhibition and their generosity was
not permitted to go begging.
Large Attendance of Members In Re
sponse to Fitting Invitation of
President J. D. Fhclan.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVITY AT
BOHEMIAN CLUB
All druggists sell ADAMS* Irish Mesa Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c,' SOc. *
Xteduced rates on household poods to * from
the East & South. Bek'n's. 11 Montgomery st. •
¦ m ¦
"Running an auto must be exciting"
paid the friend. "It is." said the owner.
"Every time you stop you wonder if the
machine will start again when you are
ready." — Brooklyn Life.
yesterday. Fire Towe re
ported to Chief Wittman that after
making a fhorough investigation he
had found nothing to connect Schade
with the fires.
Give Her a Kodak.
We carry a complete stock of them.
Every instrument guaranteed. Kirk,
Geary & Co., .112 Geary street. •
Signor Puccini; the Italian composer,
who has been flned several times I for
driving his motor car at a furious rate,
has been warned at Leghorn that he
will be prosecuted criminally if he per
sists In breaking the law.. .
Is Not a Firebug.
• ¦• H. ; E.. Schade, who was arrested on
Thursday night on suspicion of having
set fire to three buildings in the nelgh
hood of Post street, between Larkin
and Hyde, was released from custody
Closing exercises and a social were
held last evening by the teachers and
students of the Metropolitan Business
College, of which ex-Superintendent
of Schools R. H. Webster is president.
The students and their friends as-,
sembled at the college at 403 Van
Ness avenue to inspect an exhibition
of the work of the scholars. Every one
then adjourned to meet at Scottish
Hall on Larkin street, where the ex
ercises and dance were held.
Music was given by a selected or
chestra and solos, vocal and instru
mental, were rendered by Mrs. J. G.
Brown, Miss Josephine Brown and
Miss Pearl Hossack.
Addresses were delivered by R. H.
Webster, president of' the college;
Austin F. Shannon, president of the
day, and H. Wagner, ex-Superintend
ent of Public Instruction.' A most en
joyable evening was then spent in
dancing. . ' \
Those in charge of the affair were
Austin F. Shannon, Miss Georgia
Finn, Miss E. Marden, Miss Mildred^
Peck, Ben E. Jordan, Miss E. Meed,
C. L. Frechette. W.' D.~ Barnes, Miss
Pearl Hossack. Miss G. Herman,
Frank Hill, John Adams, Mrs. C. A.
Nelll, Mrs. M. Van Tassel, Mrs., F.
O'Neal, Miss Lillian Markle, Mis3
Eleanor Mead, Miss Josephine Brown,
Miss Grace Thompson, Miss Lillian
Bockman, | Miss Mamie Hanlon, Miss
Edith Drlscoll, Miss Lena Roper, Her
bert Carrasco, Edward Breves, Fer
nando Meyer, August , Bruns, Harry
Greenzweig, Robert Jordan and v Leon
ard Lang. * ' '¦ • ¦ -
College Students Celebrate.
State Schoool Commission Selects 3Ia
terial for a New Text Book for
Lower Grades.
Governor Pardee, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction Kirk and
Professor Elmer Brown of the State
University met again at the Palace
Hotel yesterday and finally selected
the text matter for a new primary
geography for use in the public schools.
The material of which Tarr & McMur
ray are the authors and McMillan the
publisher was chosen after mature de
liberation and with the distinct under
standing that the authors will supple
ment it w4th twelve pages of histori
cal geography of the State of Califor
nia, the latter to be passed upon by
competent Judges in this State before
it is accepted.
The committee will meet again on
Wednesday, when it is expected that
a text for a new State arithmetic will
be. selected-
PRIMARY GEOGRAPHY IS
FINALLY DECIDED ON
The Scandinavian Society held Its
forty-fourth annual Christmas tree
festival and ball at Native Sons' Hall
last evening in the presence of a large
number of spectators.
A monster tree was supplied for the
children and the little ones had a
merry time. Santa Claus was early
on hand to meet the children and he
romped and played with them to their
hearts' content.
The parents of the children watched
the fun and when it was time for the
children to go home they were allowed
to strip the tree ' of its presents and
packages of good things.
. Later on the adults of the society
enjoyed dancing and tripped the
mazes of the waltz until an early hour
this morning.
The committees in charge of the
affair were as follows:
, Arrangements— Andrew Olson, W.
A. Jensen, C. B. Sovig, C. Plambeck,
C. F. Armstrong, Nick Anderson, Oli
ver Madsen; reception — Theodore
Kaunitz.' C. A. Anderson, Ferdinand
Olsen, Gust Nelson, Alexander Olsson;
floor manager — C. B. Sovig, C. F.
Armstrong, assistant:' floor committee
— August Nelson, Axel Bunth. W. A.
Jensen, Axel Nelson, W. Nelson.
Clilldren Enjoy Christmas Tree and
Adults Dance Until Early Hours
nt Native Sons' Hall.
SCANDINAVIAN SOCIETY
HOLDS ANNUAL FESTIVAL
James Mitchell, a[ discharged soldier;'
while in* a 'fit of drunken despondency
cut his throat from' ear to ear sometime
Friday night and. was found; dead^in,
bed by thVJandlady : ht^.the'house where
he roomed yesterday afternoon."
Mitchell had • recently) returned from
the Philippines, on the: transport 1 Thorn-'
as. To J.-W. Randall, who owns the
house at G15 Van Ness jsyehue/ where
the suiclJ° took place,'. the. man said
that he v;us a discharged soldier. "Ever
since his x-rlval in town -Mitchell has
been on a ''spree, coming nome several
times in a- cab in the eariy hQurs>bf
the morning. : He • had considerable
money when he arrive,d.in the' city,^ but
spent all of this for liquon f .It "is sup
posed that inability, to get work and
the squandering of his money led to
his despondent state at tne time of his
death.
The body was discovered by Mrs.
Emily Hansen, who went to make the
bed in the room. The body was hang
ing half in and half out of the bed,
as though the man had placed the razor
with which he killed himself on the
stand beside the bed and was unable to
get back. The room presented a gory
sight, the entire floor being covered
with blood.
Mitchell was 27 years of age and a
native of Ireland.
Jnmes Mitchell Commits Suicide After
Three Weeks' Dissipation, in Which^
"All -His Money Goes. ; '
W. B. Bradford, Peter Lamb, Charles W.
DonvM. J. Kast, Henry P. Dlmond. Charles
E. Miller. Henry Elckhoff. Dr. M. W. Fred
rick, A. B. Bowers, Dudley C. Bates. E. Peter,
eon, Dennis Searles, Joseph W. Robinson, Bal
timore; Andrew Carrigan. Joseph C. Hopper,
D. U. nandolph. T. B. Lyman, Colonel \V. \V.
Lyman, L. J. Hart, C. "j'erry Hamilton. Colo
nel C. H. Maddox, Ed^ii. Potter. Charles W.
KelloKK, George F. Bevcrldge, Robert P. Greer,
Dr. Philip J. Perkins. H. B. Green, F. H.
Kerrlpan. I. B. Williams,. George S. Folsom,
Captain D. F. Kllburne. Eugene de Conlon,
Louis de Conlon. Hon. J. II. Seawell, W. P.
Taylor. N. -A. Judd, W. It. K. Young. Frank
H. Pitman, E. E. Drake. W. L. Hughson. Dr.
W.F. Sharp. Captain C. F. Taylor, George H.
Shafer, H. F. Hartzell. Ferd Keis Jr.. Fred S.
Myrtle. George Fredericks, P. G. Eastwlck Jr..
Kenneth 'Watson. Captain E. T.^Wilson. R. D.
Hatch, E. R. Ellis. Admiral O. TV. Farenholt,
E. C. Prller. G. C. Farrell, Douglas Hardy,
Vincent Neale. XT. S. Gage, "W. L. B. Mills,
Hon. Frank -M. Angcllottl.' Dr. George H. Ev
nns, W. G. Richardson. L. W. Seeley, Dr. A. E.
Phelan. ¦ "W". B. Tubbs. Dr. J. Henry Barbat,
Hon. j. C. B. ¦ Hebbard, Judge John Hunt,
Fred H Hilbert, Charles Schneely, H. H. No
ble. Dr. J. D. Whltnty, C. A.. Lee. Major
Charles J. Chrlstens»n, Thomas Thorklldsen,
Thomas Gideon. C. II. Hilbert. James M. Al
len, John H. Miller, . W. G. l^idd. Georee P.
Beardsley Jr.. E. N. Kills. R. li. Hine.
. -Eighty-five, members of the Cosmos
Club gathered together last night to
•.take .•part in -the regular Christmas
¦high jirilcs of the organization. Dinner
bej,'an at S, o'clock and the repast was
folJowed^by speechmaking and the dis
tribution* of -Christmas gifts.
: -The^ov'cnsioh was also .! marked by
the cyeniiip ef, the newly "remodeicd
dininsr-rooin-jqn the first floor of the
club. The ,roorh was .beauUfuily -dec
orated with' palms and evergreens aivl
.riu'iiieroug c'f ep red lamps offset the
green. ; ., l .
Captain E.^T. Wilson acted as toust
niaster of th,e^ever;ing and; he made a
short speech, which was loudly ap
plaiide.iJ by the members present. Ad
dresses were;; ' also made by William
Bradford, president of the club, and
V.'. G. Dodd, the vice president. Fol
lowing is a list of those present:
Xcnv . DinJng-Room Is Filled With
••'Merry Crowd, Which Whiles Time
'. Away With Speech and Song.
DISCHARGED SOLDIER CUTS , V
IHS THROAT WITH RAZOR
ME3IBERS OF- COSMOS CLUB . :
». ' KXJOY CHRISTMAS JINKS
worth of diamonds as collateral! /but
after depositing them with her she
made excuse after excuse for not'pro
ducing the money,- and "finally.' evaded
me altogether, and only' recentiy./didl,!
learn of her whereabouts. I caused, her
arrest to-day. Mrs. Hyland is
and owns considerable property .'at
Long Branch." r . , •. ¦ ,v^-
"I needed $10,000,, and Mrs.: Hylajnd
suggested that her mother,'cquld-iet-mo
have the money. I gayer her $20,000
"I first met Mrs. Hyland, in 1897 ; in
Mozambique, South Africa, and, Iwe
were at Belra, a Portuguese city on
the sea coast. The young ''woman's
husband was the maintenance engineer
of the Beira railroad, of .which- 1' was
superintendent. I was« stationed there
temporarily, being on leave 'absence
from the army. Mrs. Hyland bore the
very best of reputation and'was'a'lead^
er of society in Beira. She and I were
good friends, nothing more. :. After .serv
ing through the Boer war my acquaint
ance with Mrs. Hyland 1 .was renewed,
with my wife's full knowledge. . ¦' ' rVj
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Romance
tinges the story surrounding the arrest
of Mrs. Inez Hyland, an exceedingly
pretty and handsomely gowned little
English woman, against whom a charge
of grand larceny rests. She Is alleged
to have obtained by fraud $20,000 worth
of diamonds and jewelry from Captain
Fysh of the Imperial Llght^JIorse, who
fought through the Boer war in South
Africa and who was with General
Baden-Powell in Mafeking 'during the
siege of that city. . . ,. .
Mrs. Hyland was arrested this after
noon. She denounced the action of the
police as an outrage. Captain J Fysh
says: '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Veteran of Boer War Gives
Jewels as Collateral for Loan
Which He Never Received
ROMANCE IS BACK OF IT
Captain Fysh of British Im
perial Light Horso Causes
Bich Mrs. Hyland's Arrest
CLAIMS WOMAN
KEPT HIS GEMS
44
- ADVERTISEMEingw ' XK
The attention of our customers Is called to our
large and complete stock of Noveltu and Staple
Goods, sp2Cialli3 imported for the holiday trade, all
of which will he offered at the yeru lowest prices.
Ladles' and Gents' Inltlaiel Hanlkepchlefs In
linen and linen cambric
Ladles' Lacs Collars, Fancn Neckwear, Llhertu
Ruffs and Real Lace Handkerchiefs-
Ladiqs' Hani Embroiderad Lln^n Handkerchiefs,
scalloped and hemstitched.
Gsnts' Silk Inltlaiel Handkerchiefs, Silk Muf-
flers, Re2fers, Scarfs and Noveltu Neckwear.
Ladles' Fur Scarfs, Feather Boas, Chain Purses,
Fancu Belts and Noveltu Opera Baas.
Ladies' Fine Hosteru and Underwear in Silk,
Wool, Merino anl Cashmere.
Gents' Silk Cashmere and Merino Underwear and
Half Hoss.
Ladles' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with Pearl,
lYorn, Silver, Horn and.Natural Wool Handles.
• Ladles' ani Gents' best makes Kid GioyeSj In-
cluding Reunier and Dent Brands.
STORE/OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
Our glove orders make veru acceptable Christmas
Gifts and are received In all departments for ana
other goo 3 s,
. : ¦
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
4
j Oriental I Goods
I At Wholesale Prices , :
¦t ;
tW&QSex Ocx rattro Z^tra 71a* Gel* '
iecUca oX i
?
j AND CURTAINS
I At 25 Per Cent
I ? • JiUtCQXiz.X 'Xioa remUr retaU prtt «. !
i ¦ «===
We are sole agent* for
;1 JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S .;
ENGLISH CARPETS
jChas. M. Plum & Co. |
I Cor. 9th and Harket Sts. \
* •
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
Extraordinary
1 n d ucetnen t;s
Holiday Gifts,
Waists, Skirts, ,
Evening Wraps,
Fui*s« Heather Roas.
H: x Coats and Suits.
-Free Delivery to All Parts of the
Af mand Cailfeau, Inc.
H2-II4 116 Kearny Street
V Ox^™N 1 i^->*r-^»y-'w-J0'^^W'^i«^*^N*'O0-^ |i >^-^^ - ''^^^0 CP
|FREE FREE FREE§
I STADEIJUAN^S I
|Dry= and Fancy j&ools Store I
•i. 1400 STOCKTOIM ST., g
! NE. cor. Vallejo. . q
jj 10 Red Trading Stampj given J
© Free to every Customer e
© .V.- In ; our Stored pn- •
§ Monday, lucsday, Wednesday & %
© •'¦• : Thursday, Including. O
• 2 Trading Stamps- with every J
0 10c Purchase In q
• RED, GREEN or GOLDEN. ©
© 0
9 All holiday roods sold at cut rates. Q
© REMEMBER — Two Stamps©
2 with every 10c ; Purchase and S
q (0 Extra Stamps. . q
MERCHANDISE ORDERS
Make a Very Desirable Christmis Present.
The problem of what is best to
I give mother, grandmother, wife, I
\ sister, aunt or cousin is easily 1
solved by purchasing a MERCHAN- I
DISE ORDER AT MAGIMIN'S. I
918-922 Market Street. I
~»»M— »^i l^fc"i»' lii ii jmiiig.iiniwinii in lijin vrin «iini»mii<uj«jiM.,; l iiur..iiimiiiiituiii«uil«uinimnai)ii;>ir.xi l i«»- r l2} 'mjf
v ' ; v ¦ . ; ¦•¦-¦:•'•¦- ; ADVEKTISEMENTS. ' / -
of Women's Coat^l
Hi li tt^ fLanp \ 11CVV ones have come . to take J^iiii
IJ " 'ii^^i^PM^t - l '»"*$£&• Some ! iavc Rouble capes trim- fJ
|R • Sale of Umbrellas * Colored Woolen and BlacK A paca VI
¦ n • To-morrow we offer about Waists I]
¦H 2 oo-.Urnbrellas; fast^black: jco^^SS^e'S 1 !? pSffigS H
-1 ., "gloria ' silk, on imported; tooffer such values just at the H
;. 1 •• ' ' frames with natural wood time when most wanted. As the f I
¦•¦« ••handles' and metal handles; weather conditions demand fvl
•\\ 'vainp-tT -7- nnH %\ co warmer garments, we place 1.1
..!•¦•. / \alue 51.23 and »l.5O. these excellent Waist values on I]
¦ ll .. ¦'.: -Sale Pnct, 95c cicn ' sale. Tho assortment in Wool I.-J
J5M 1 '• ¦•' -• .. . . -.. ' : . Waists comprises colors: pink \:\
ll A , Sale of Eiderdown Sacques , 1 %£ li
'III These sacques "suggest a Generally you voald pay from 17I
-Ml i ; great amount of 'comfort at- . *" 5< > . to j ZJ> l «*<*• I/I
• v f?|-:l1 ; . smalt prices.; Buy this' ' ; r ? onda y Salc p «"» ?'-93 ¥1
"PI I V/ . C Ck and y ° U . C u } ? nd , JUSt Wct Weathtr 5kirt » Specially Priced III
if I wliat you want; high colors, ,. <,-•, $39-, f. ¦ .-" \\\
VT'/'such as pink, light blue, Monday;we.piace on sale sev- ill
Y f cardinal and the more sub- eral hundred>servleeable. Skirts I li
r?/~ dued shades; all are beau- °f Meltons; and Cheviots, made 111
¦I] • tifully trimmed according to Z\H tn&rJ.^ £L?u™? V*
I : ',f 'newest ideas; all sizes. ; black, navy, light and dark gray! If
\j Prices Range From 75c to $3.25 * I A $5.00 Value, Sale Price $3 0 5 fil
V^ ConSQaryStandSrant^ JJ
g^^t —^ A-GEOTTB EO7AL WOBCESTCS COSSETS. £j&?£h
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
i \/l /HAT is, more sensible for a Christmas gift than a nice, i
; ml\I warm pair of Romcos, or a fine, cozy pair of slippers
or a swell, new, stylish pair of patent leather shoes.
Footwear luxuries— something every one wants, but all can-
not afford — such a gift is not only in accordance with com-
¦ mon sense, but is inejepe nsive, yet appreciated.
Kaufman's is the holiday shoe store of San Francisco-^
shipment after shipment of holiday footwear has been coming
into the store for the last two months — we have everything in
footwear, and yet all our goods are modestly priced. Come
you are always welcome if you care only to look.
; Fop Men. For Children
S : qipts - and Misses. §
L S1.00 and 81.25 me e 1z^ d 6 fl toT!. 1 . ta . ed :...6Oc
t\ BUJfTEBS — Maxlo ef finest calf, Blzes 8% to 11.. ...^ .TOc * I
ti in tan. oxblood or black; pair.. Sizes 11% to 2 r..80c 111
b 81.50 satut bousos- {ll
<* 7AKCT BLTPFEKS— Per pair |}«s 2 to 6 C55 C {
r^ 82.OOto83.5O | *«¦ |*°, 8 -:: £5c I
| aoars bath sufpibs. ... 75c Hztl u\ I
$ ailT'S PELT EOMEOB— Either ' PATEKT LEATKEB SLIPPERS |
¦ leather or felt eolea 81.50 — A* 80 *n white, blus and pink (I
»^r,— ,„ -.,„_,.,,.._. -.„„„,_„ kId > wi th three straps: 1
; j ilEITO DU0t33Ur KOCCASnSTS Sizes 5 to S.. ci no 9
3 82.50 Blzes 8>* to 11 Ml!i>5 I
¦Z A new foot comfcrt Sizes 11% to 2 81.5O If
£i for men tor trela Trear or about CKILDBEIT'S Airs MISSES' BED II
S the house 83. 5O kid BOMEOS — Felt back; ex- a
'." tremely stylish; more durable |
,4. lIT^-k»* V a#I!a a an<i Pettier than felt slippers. I
;.: For Ladies. SI^n::::::::§81
;; JBS» A99 BLACK PELT KO- Sizes 11% to 2 81.OO 8
.• JOJZOa — "With fancy ornament; Fancy Shoes and good ones for E
;• eold ei high es 51.00 and $1.25 the little tots. E
j everywhere. Our price . SCJe I
81.25 and 81.50 FOP DOySi
XJADXES' XZD BOMXOS — In tan TAN AND BLACK KID BZjXP-
end black; fur trimmed.. 81. 5O FEBS — Made exactly like men's.
[- |: In blue. red. black and tan kid |{«» 2^06% " '.'. Jl.'gg :
PAWCT PATENT iEAT^EB iifl> **» 3 -?^
XZD SLTPPEBS-Some pretty ffeU J,\? "•« Si '2'A
beaded ones. .82.50 to 87.00 flzll 2>/to 5%! ! '. ] %\'%r>
\ LADirs 1 BUCKSKIN 1 MOCCA- Patent Leather Shoes and
SIHS — Decided novelty. .82.25 Pumps at all prices. f
i A Present for Every Child Who Visits the Store.
__ * j j
ADVEBTISEJIEITTS.
I Holiday
Garments
j That present an appearance I
I of taste, style and durabll- 1
I ity. Every article can bz\\
I guaranteed serviceable and fl<
I stylish. * -^ \\
1 Handsome Silk Skirts |
I Elegant Tailor Suits
I Novel Wool Dress Skirts §
| Pretty Silk Waists |
I New Cloth Jackets j :
I Pretty Petticoats f
I Our specialty Is Black. You can- 1
1 net misplace your judgment when!
| you purchase from us. [
I Mourning Suits $7.50 to $20.00 1
I : THE— 1
8LACKG00DS H0USE1
I 1106 MARKET STREET [
A man cannot be fervent In spirit U
he Is slothful In business.
EXPERT OPTICIAH.
ARE YOUR EYES WEAK? 1
Or have you POOR SIGHT?
If so, use GE0H6E MAYERLE'S-6USSES
and GERMAN EYEWATER.
AH Try fprr.T.-r-WT
XMAS GIFT
AD2HSAI. 9£WJBt
\Vhr> uwd G«crce Mayerle's glaasea at Mar.tU
durlns the Spanish-American War. and Is sttll
uetns them with much satisfaction. hi?h!y r»--
ommerds Mr. Georce Mayerle. and sends tit*
tollowln~ testimonial:
Mr. George Mayerle. German Optical Insti-
tute. 1071 Market St.. S. F. — My D«ar Sir: I
am still using- with much satisfaction tv»
Elassea you sent me at Manila; also the new
on«s suit my eyes perfectly. Your* very tnil7,
GEORGE DKWET.
SZSTSS KABT BAPTIST,
Sister of Mercy. 2It. St. Mary's. Gross
Valley. Cal.. says: Z am perfectly do-
Uprlvted with the glasses yon made fox
me. SI3TXIK, MABT BAPTIST,
Sister of Merer.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician. Charter Memb»T
American 'Assocjation of . Opticians-
1071 KAEKET ST, SAW TZtAJTCZSCO^
Opposite Hibernla Bank. Telephone South 37mL
GERMAN EYE-
4g$£§ WATER, 5Oc
xrrss ZEEAMxancz) pses.SAN FRANCISCO.; j SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
«, r% 1 TTTM1 T • TT A • i Tl A.
Strenuous Redmen Will Line , Up Against a Representa
tive Team on Christmas Day and Patrons of Game
Are Certain of Seeing Fast and Exciting Contest
CARLISLE INDIANS COMING
TO PLAY ALL-CALIFORNIANS
THREE MEMBERS.OF. FAMOUS CARLISLE INDIAN, FOOTBALL TEAM, WHICH WILL MEET THE RELIANCE
ALL-CALIFORNIA ELEVEN HERE ON CHRISTMAS DAY. JOHNSON. THE QUARTERBACK, IS NAMED
BY WALTER CAMP ON HIS ALL-AMERICA TEAM.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Dec. 19.— On a
field covered with several Inches of
snow Carlisle .defeated Utah University
by a score of 22 to 0 in two twenty
minute halves. . The gridiron was slip
pery, making It difficult for the Indians
to put their fast playing Into effect,
and this probably held the score down
considerably. Utah was completely
outclassed. -A two-yard and a one
yard gain 'were all the home team could
do when the ball was in Its possession.
After two downs with no gain Bennlon
would kick the ball out of danger. The
Indians Vorked the wing shift play
very successfully and had no trouble
whatever In making their distance.
They were never held for downs. Shel
don's elghty^yard run after receiving
the kick-off,' his course being through
the entire Utah .team before being
downed, was the feature . of the game.
Johnson tried once for place kick from
the field, but .the ball was-fumbled.
Both teams fifmbled considerably on
account of the slippery ball, but It did
not prove costly.
Indians, Although Handicapped
by a Snow-Covered Gridiron,
Outclass Their Opponents
UTAH DEFEATED
BY CARLISLE
for two. elevens. A training tabl* has
been established and the giants are be
ing elven'the best of- care. Twice a
day they - don their football togs, at
the Lurline Baths and run out to- the
Riding Academy on* Pacific avenue.
Here they line up and go through for
mations. Every man knows the game
and they are drilling in signals and for
defensive iwork.- The men are Impress
ed with the Idea that they are repre
senting Calif ornia . and they are train
ing with "a view- to j sending the- In
dians back across the mountains a de
feated team.
GIANTS IN THE TEAM.
Hauverman of Stanford will play cen
ter. Those who saw him" play the last
two seasons will' admit that he Is one
of the beat centers' developed on this
coast. He is, a heady player and han
dles the ball. cleanly. For guards the
team- will" have two giants. Kava
naugh, who played center on Reliance
for the last ! twp years, has been switch
ed. He weighs: 265 pounds and is very
fast. "Dutch" Hobbs. » the old-time
Olympic player, will also be in r the. line;
He weighs \ 240 pounds and ' is rapidly
The action of the Grand Jury on Fri
day last in making a thorough investi
gation of the County Clerk's office and
its probable intention of indicting Al
bert B. Mahony, "Colonel" Martin
Brady, John Pierce and Alonzo David
son for defrauding the city and secur
ing salary warrants by fraud and de
vice, has had its effect. The guilty ones
are worried and efforts are being made
to "reach" certain members of the
Grand Jury to prevent the issuance of
the indictments.
County Clerk Mahony makes a flat
denial of the charges matfe against
him and says he will make a proper
answer when the time comes. Ho claims
that he is a victim of spitework and
charges a certain newspaper of trying
to brinsr about his ruin.
"Colonel" Brady reported for duty
yesterday morning and after looking
over his work and seeing that the of
fice tu running along took his de
parture.
Juigt Frank J. Murasky stated yes-
terday that he had not received any
Indictments as yet, but thought they
\ might be brought In next week when
A' he Grand Jury holds Its meeting. He
eaid he knew nothing of the matter
outside of what he had read In the
newep.apers. In the event the indict
ments are brought in the indicted offi
cials must appear before him or some
other magistrate and have their bail
fixed.
The Grand Jury is to meet on Wed
nesday' afternoon. On that occasion
it will take up the examination of
John J. Cassidy of the United Rail
roads, who may also be indicted on
th« same charges.
The County Clerk declined to make
a statement yesterday until it * was
jmlnted out to him that he owed it to
himself to make a defense.
"I have been guilty of tjo crime,"
Eaid Mahony. "and I do not fear an In
dictment. My office has been run
properly and certain people are trying
to injure me through spite. The papers
mentioned to-day that John Pierce had
received money for not working. They
gave his occupation as a livery-stable
keeper. No such man worked in
my office.
"There was a John Pierce in this of
fice, but the Grand Jury has been mis
led. Alonzo Davidson is an aged man
and his son did the work for him- The
old man needed the money and he held
.copy to compare what . the son had
M ¦ J itten. John McKenna is around the
office all the time and is doing his work.
Colonel Brady is here every day and
does his worlc The index books will
prove my assertion. "
Followers of the strenuous game of
football will see the. real, article on
Christmas day. , The Carlisle Indians
are coming to play the All-Calif ornlans,
teams that represent the brawn and
muscle of the two big universities and
the athletic clubs of both sides of the
bay. Carlisle will line up against a
team that is heavier than any eleven
they have gone against this season.
For the last week and during the com
ing week the All-Californians will line
up twice a day. Many of the men have
played during the season and are In
good condition. By next Friday they
should be in form and capable of giv
ing the Indians a great game.
It will be remembered the Indians
visited this city some years ago and
tried conclusions with the fanous Cali
fornia eleven trained by Garry Coch
ran of Princeton. In that game the
Indians received an awful surprise.
They scored two points^on a safety.
Throughout that the Indians' goal was
in a> much danger as the Berkeley
boys'. The showing made by the col
lege men surprised the entire country
and save this State prestige in foot
h.nll circles, as the Carlisle Indians that
year scored against the "bis four" —
Yale, Pennsylvania. Harvard and
Princeton. ' -:"» V
The Indians are coming this year
with a better eleven. Johnson, their
captain and quarterback, was eel<jpted
by Walter Camp, the great football au
thoilty, as a member cf tin All-Ameri
can team for 1903, He is % drop klck«r
par excellence,' surpassing little Hud
son, who played with the visitors when
they came here the first time.
ESKIMO PLAYS CENTER,
Their Eskimo center Is also a clever
player. He is the only member of his
race playing football and this hardy
son of the frozen north is big and
strong enough to break up Interference
and go down the field on kicks with
speed. As usual the Indians are fast
on getting into play.^ They line up In
stantly and keep hammering their op
ponent's line from the opening of the
game until the referee's whistle signals
the end of the second half. . .
The Indians will be greatly surprised
when they line up against the All-
Californlans. They will find themselves
up against a team of well trained men.'
The average -weight of the team is 180
pounds to a man. ' Even the ends-
Hamilton, Tarpey and Smock— are very
heavy and eijergetic players.
Pete Smith* has taken hold of the
material he has collected and is drill
ing them afternoon and evening in
straight football. The men are enthu
siastic and are taking the best of care
of themselves. Already half of ; them
are in shape and before next Friday
they ought to have rounded Into wln
nlnsr form. Smith has material enough
Says He Does Not Fear an In
dictment, but Claims That He
Is the Victim of Spitework
CLERK MAHONY
MAKES DENIAL
which he believed to be $30,000 to $40,000,
or more.
Norman McLaren, the bookkeeping
expert who Is making the Investigation,
stated he has already ascertained that
McKowen had deposited in his personal
bank account moneys which had been
paid to him by Dr. d'Ancona for de
posit to the credit of the department
of medicine, and that the greater part
of these funds had been embezzled.
McKowen had also appropriated to his
own use moneys deposited with him by
students as security against damage to
laboratory instruments.
Certain scholarship accounts which
should have showed a credit balance
in the ledger showed a debit balance
Instead, and had so shown for several
years, a matter which should, in Mr.
McLaren's opinion, have been reported
by the auditor. Acceptance of dona
tions appeared on the minutes, but the
Income from them was embezzled. The
secretary's cash book was always be
hind date. Medical accounts showed a
debit balance, when they should have
appeared as a credit balance.
WOULD HAVE REPORTED.
"If you had been auditor, what would
you have done?" inquired the Gover
nor.
"I would have made inquiry at once
and reported my findings," was the ex
pert's prompt reply. Then he stated
that money deposited in McLaren's
own name belonged to the medical and
anthropological departments.
Discussion of possible remedy for the
apparent defects in the finance system
at, the university brought from Mr.
Dohrmann the opinion that the person
who keeps books should not be allowed
to handle cash, and that all university
funds should pass through the hands
of a cashier, a woman preferred, as the
treasurer can only attend to the mon
eys he gets. "But we can only do the
best we can to prevent defalcation,"
said Mr. Dohrmann, "as no system can
make it impossible where dishonesty
exists." * i
As a requisite to legal action against
McKowen, Mr. McEnerney moved that
the finance committee be authorized to
demand all university moneys received
by him and not accounted for. The mo
tion was carried, and then the finance
committee, also on motion of Mr. Mc-
Enerney. was authorized to ricommend
to the board at its next meeting a
proper person to act as permanent sec
retary, and to submit at the same time
a detailed report of whatever changes
in the conduct of the secretary's office
it might deem advisable.
In the meantime the acting secretary
is required to remit daily to the treas
urer all funds received by him, and is
under instruction to abstain from col
lecting any check which the treasurer
has not indorsed. Then, on moticn of
Mr. Foster, it was decided to exact a
J10.000 bond from the acting secretary.
CAHEL.ESS BANKING.
President Wheeler stated that h? had
been informed of one instance where
McKowen had indorsed and collected a
check which had been drawn as pay
able to the Regents of the University.
Mr. McLaren said he had not discovered
any such check, and Mr. McEnerney
ventured the opinion that the bank
that cashed such a check was not free
from negligence. President Wheeler
maintained that McKowen had repeat
edly collected on checks which were not
made payable to him personally.
Then the board went into executive
•session with Auditor Herr and ad
journed till January 12.
SIXTY-THREE DEGREES.
The degrees conferred were as fol
lows:
Higher Degrees <M. A.. College of Letters)—
Romaine Brad«n < English history), Indianapo
lis, Ind.; Alfred Solomon (French), Los An
geles..
M. S.. Collece of Natural Sciences—Nathan
iel Lyon Gardner (botany). B?rT<»I%y.
M. H.. College of Chemistry— Bert X. Tucker
(chemirtry. «J-jcatiofi>. Pan Jose
BACHELOR'S DEGREES (A. B.. College of
Letters)— Alice Cyril Dwyer (Latin), San
Francisco: Ethel Jane Hard!? (English), Plru
—A. B. (University of Fouthprn California).
I3U>>; Frances Eidena. Lutts (History) Wil
lows; Mary Abigail Monce (English, History),
Valparaiso. Ind.: Thomas James Penfleld (Eng
lish). Sonora— A. B. (Wittenberg College)
1*5)0: Eunice Reid (Greek), Ioamosa; John Reid
Jr. (History. Greek). San Francisco; Bo*»-orth
Dunne Sawyer (Jurisprudence), San Francisco-
Alice Luclle Smitten (Greek, Latin), San Fran
cisco.
B. L.. college of rocial sciences — Luke Rob
inson Bo«defeld (history,' jurisprudence) Co
lusa; Walter Watkin* Bristol- (history) Cairo
111.; Edwin Hill Brooks (history). Redlands-
Marguerite Wallace Brown (French. Latin)
Alameda; Grace Edith Coates( English, Latin)
Lo« Angeles: Mary Hannah Cross (hlstorv'
political science), Saratoga: Helen Jay Du
Bols (history, philosophy). San Rafael; Amy
Flagg <art). Berkeley; Nellie Maud Hime
baugh (English, history). San Diego; Daniel
Lewte Jungck (history, jurisprudence), Berke
ley: Hattie A. Klerxki (English, history), San
Francisco; Jean AMrlcJi Koethen (English),
Riverside; Alice .Elspeth Lament (history)
Vallejo: Elizabeth McGuire (English. Latin).
Ventura: Benjamin Macomber (English) Tus
tln: Elizabeth Mills (Latin. English). San
Francli^o; John Faxon More Jr. (history),'
Santa Barbara; Luella Mar Morgan (French
German). Oakland; Thomas Edward Morriswy
(French, German), San Francisco; Guy Paris
Needham (English). Oakland; Edna Newb'rt
(Latin. English). Berkeley: John Alexander
Olrnsted (history, political science), Petaluma:
Farah Elizabeth Pullen (h)story). Auburn;
Feverina. Marie Salmina (French, English) St
Helena: Lulu Isabelle Scott (English). Berke
ley; Henrietta Alice Wade (English, . Latin),
Los Banos.
B. S., college of natural sciences— Catherine
Stewart Hannah (zoology, botany), Berkeley;
Margaret Header»on (botany, zoology), Los
Angrles: Hosmer . McKoon (philosophy, chem
istry). .San Diego; Fred Short Ryan (philos
ophy, physiology), Penrj-n;- William Adams
Sheidon (physics, mathematics). Ventura; Wil
liam John Sinclair '(geology) — B. S. (California
College) lKKt. Oakland: Carrie Louisa Steven-
Pen (botany, zoology), Berkeley; Joseph Prince
Tracy (botany, chemistry). Eureka; Olle White
(mathematics, physics), Berkeley; Ethel Alice
Young (mathematics, Romanic languages), San
Francisco; Mabel Margaret Young (mathemat
ics, chemistry), San Francisco.
B. S:. college of agriculture — Remiglo Ruoda
(agriculture, botany), Tucuman, Argentina;
JCormen Frederick Titus (agriculture, chemis
try), Cupertino.
n. S-. college of mechanics — Charles ' Parker
Holt. Oakland: Russell Severance Springer,
Berkeley. .
B. S.. college. of mining — David. Anile Cav
itgnaro, San Andreas; Thomas Vincqat Connor,
Pueblo. Colo.: Bernard Michael McAtee. Berke
ly: William Janes Pitchford. Berkeley; George
Albert Raven. Berkeley; Raymond Patterson
Wheelock, Battle Creek. Mich.
B. S.. college of civil engineering— Arthur
Hermann Mark wart, Berkeley.
B. 6., college of chemistry — HerberV- John
Holland Santa Clara: Dora laa
belle Stockman (chemistry), Mero *
It loc.Jcs as if Auditor John J. Herr
Is to- be disciplined by the State Board
of University Regents for negligence
in connection with his examination of
Secretary McKov.en's books and vouch
ers. •
At a meeting of the Regents yester
day afternoon in the Hopkins Insti
tute of Art it was moved by Mr. Earl
that the auditor's office be declared va
cant. "for obvious reasons." as Mr.
Earl was "satisfied the blame lay right
there." The motion v.-as withdrawn
v-hen several other Regents had opined
that the auditor should be given a
hearing, and subsequently Mr. Herr
¦was taken into executive session and
grilled for an hour as to his Inspection
of the embezzling secretary's accounts.
He said he had examined all the
bocks and vouchers that had been sub
mitted to him by McKowen, which did
rot include the receipts for scholar
ship and f€liovi-£hip funds and fees from
the medical department Then the in
quiry was continued till January 12.
by which tirr.e, it Is expected, the ex
perts at work on MeKowen's books will
have completed their task and the
finance committee wffl be able to re
port to the board the exact amount of
the defalcations and the method em
ployed by the defaulter.
Governor Pardee presided. The other
Regents present were Bufid, Taunsig,
Brltton, McEnerney, Fisk. Foster,
Dohrrnanji. C. S. Wheeler, Benjamin
I«e "Wheeler, Earl, Slack, Kirk, Hell
man. Torke. Rush. CoIIinwood and
Reinstein. Victor Henderson. President
Wheeler's private secretary, kept the
minutes, and the coord's attorney,
<"harles E. Snook, was a silent spec
tator.
GOVEROR EXPLAINS.
When sixty-three degrees hkd been
granted, as against twenty-eight last
year, the Governor briefly recounted
the McKowen confession of dishonesty
and invited the board's action In regard
to it. Mr. McEnerney openeu the pro
ceedings by moving that the office of
secretary b» declared vacant and that
Victc-r Henderson be appointed to fill
it temporarily, which was unanimously
done. It was then that Mr. Earl made
his motion in regard to the auditor.
Tvhieh was subsequently withdrawn.
Mr. Foster, as chairman of the finance
committee, had no report to ¦offer fur
ther than to state that an espert In
vestigation of McKowen's botrks and
vouchers is now In progress to ascer
tain the amount of the defalcation,
AUDITOR HERR BLAMED
BY UNIVERSITY REGENTS
Guy C. Earl, a Member of the Board, Declares
That the Expert Was Negligent in Examining
the Books of Defaulting Secretary McKowen
Just received. latest Parisian novelties, Xmas
clove orders. Danlchcff, 121 Grant &r«. . * •'
Children's Entertainment.
The>€hlldren of: the day home will
give, their Christmas entertainment at
the Alhambra Theater • to-mcrrow at
2:30' o'clock. Tickets may be had at
the convent, 890 Hayes street.;. No tick
ets will be sold at the , theater on T Mon
day. afternoon. |
Something that should be seen before
it Is too late: Those fine all-wool three
quarter Kersey coats that are worth
S22.50, now selling, for $7.60.. at Kelly &
Liebes' Cloak House. 120 Kearny^ street.*
Crown Company Incorporates.
The Crown Exploration Company was
incorporated with a, capital
stock of $50,000. The directors, each of
whom has subscribed $30, are Frances
Martin Savllle-Smith, L.^M. Simonsen,
J. ,W. Behrendt, A. Koshland and A.
J. Dannenbaum. .v,? • -v.'" '¦
ANNOUNCEMENT.
Mrs. J. Coujhlnn
Desires to Inform the ladies of San Fran
cisco that she is v now located at 22 S> Sut
tee street, where 'she is associated with
Mrs. J. Sheehan and Miss A. Hayes. On
next Monday, Dec. 21, there will be a
sale of elegant hats at •: half price : for
cash. ¦ . - . *
The will of the late Jesse D. Carr.
the pioneer cattleman, land owner and
politician, which will shortly be filed
fer probate, disposes of an estate esti
mated to be worth considerably more
than $300,000. With the exception of
$7400 devised to several old friends, the
Methodist Episcopal Church South of
Salinas and his lodge of Odd Fellows
and 200 shares of stock In the Jesse D.
Carr Land and Livestock Company to
each of his five grandchildren, the estate
goes to his three children, share and
share alike. The executors of the will,
who are to serve without bonds, are
Mrs. Jessie D. Seale. Larkin W. Carr.
John S. Carr. J.-C. Franks and Harry
WInham. Judge A. K. Alexander is
the attorney for the estate.
Following is the list of bequests con
tained in the will:
To each of his five grandchildren. 200
shares of the capital stock of the Jesse
D. Carr .Land and Livestock Company,
a corporation: to Mrs. Ella A. Wilson.
Miss Ella Thomas, Miss Anna C. Ayara.
each $500: to W. S. Johnson. $2000; to
Mrs. Sarah M. Wallace. $1000; to the
Methodist Episcopal Church South of
Salinas, $750; to Allsal Lodge No. 163.
I O. O. F.. of Salinas City. $1000; to
Rosa BontadelH. $300; to Gus Erickson,
$800; to Henry Inoue. $800; to his three
children the balance and residue of the"
estate. *JHBfi
Last Testament of Jesse D.
Carr Contains Small Bequests
to Several of His Intimates
OLD FRIENDS
REMEMBERED
getting into oldrtime form. Heitmuller
of Berkeley and Force or Shields of
Stanford will play the tackles. Martin'
of Reliance will also be given a chance
if Shields or Heitmuller are hurt in the
game. Martin has not the prestige of
the others, but he is a. gritty fellow
and is always in the game.
Hamilton, Tarpey and Smock are se
lected for ends. Hamilton was cap
tain of the Reliance team and is a
hard player.' . Tarpey hails from Stan
ford and has been on the varsity for
two years. Smock hails from Berke
ley and has played on the college team
and also with Reliance. He coached
the Vacaville High School eleven the
latter t>art of this season and is in
shape. Geisler of Stanford is captain
of the team. He and Muller, who play
ed or the Purdue eleven, will play the
halves, and Billy Graves, of Berkeley
and Scofield of Stanford will be ready
to go into the game-ifahey are in
jured. McGilvray of Stanford and Dave
Atkinson of the Olympic Club will play
fullback. Gelsler and. McGilvray will
do the punting. Gelsler is said . to be
as good as Overall in the kicking line.
Leadbetter of Nevada, Stottof Stan
ford and Holt .of Reliance are sched
uled to play, quarterback.
All these men are bona fide amateurs
and are registered '. with the Pacific
Amateur Association.
The Indians will arrive in this , city
by next Wednesday. ' Seats .' will be
placed on sale by that time.;
The desire to improve the National
Guard of California is developing day
by day, and from every side comes
word that the commanding officers are
awakening to the necessity of doing
something to counteract the recent se
vere criticisms that in many places
have cut deep.
The First Infantry Regiment is in
line for Improvement. Beginning Jan
uary 1 Major George Filmer and Major
Thomas McCreagh will form schools of
instruction for officers, commissioned
and non-commissioned, in thsir respect
ive battalions and they will hold bi
monthly sessions. Captain Frank TV.
Warren, regimental adjutant, will form
a school of instruction for the non
commissioned staff and also will have
sessions bi-monthly.
Captain George Balllnger. First Lieu
tenant Herman G. Stlndt and Lieu
tenant Harry H. Varney have bean re
lieved ' as members of the r^slmental
examining board and Captain Henry
Mathewson, First Lieutenant Frederick
Bertrand and Second Lieutenant Eu
gene F. Peckham have been detailed
in their stead, to serve until next July.
Each battalion of the regiment shall
have six drills during the next year,
exclusive of those in camp. These drills
shall be In close and extended order.
Instruction in guard mounting, advance
and rear guard and outpost duty.
A surgeon of the sanitary corps will
be detailed to instruct -each company
of the regiment in "first aid to the
wounded or injured" during the first
twenty minutes set apart for each com
pany drill. A surgeon will be detailed
to attend the officers' school? and at
each to give special- Instruction In first
aid and sanitation of armories and
camps.
COMMANDERS INSTRUCTED.
Company commanders have been In
structed that in addition to the usual
company drills they must Instruct their
respective commands in setting up and
bayonet exercise, loading, sighting and
estimating distances.
Upon recommendation of the regi
mental examining board the following
named have been promoted: Corporal
James I. Mackln, Company C. who at
tained 88 per -cent, to be sergeant; Cor
poral George F. Paul, Company C. 78
per cent, sergeant; Privates Herbert
Ordway, Company C, 80 per cent; Law
rence E. Fenton. Company F. 88 per
cent; Charles J. Wehr, Company F, 88
per; cent: Hugh Doherty (musician), 78
per cent: "William 1 H. Splllman, Com
pany G. 83 per cent; Hugh P. McSwe
gan, Company G, 82 per cent; Benja
min Jackman, Company G, 75 per v cent;
Robert McKeever, Company H, 8t> per
cent; Albert Porter, Company H, 78 per
cent, and Harold Hughes. Company H,
77 per cent, to be corporals.
Emanuel H. Levy, Company D, after
trial before a summary court-martial,
was found guilty of neglect of duty,
disobedience of orders and of conduct
prejudicial to cood order and mili
tary discipline, and was ordered to pay
a fine of $5 to the regimental pay
master. -
Upon recommendation of the res
pective company commanders, Ser
geant Ignatz B. Saliture, Company C.
Corporals Eugene J. Fraser and John
Kermode, Company F, Corporal Phil
lip V. Kelly, Company H, and Corporal
Robert M. Stedman, Company G. have
been reduced to the grade of private
soldier for neglect of duty. Corporal
F. Stolzewald, Company C. has at his
own request been reduced to the ranks.
INTERESTING READING.
The various officers of the regiment
have been instructed to pay particular
attention to the interesting reading
matter that there is in general order
No. 2, issued last October from di
vision headquarters, in which many of
the shortcomings of the guard are set
forth. <>W
There Is much wonderment all along
the line, that as yet no change has been
made in the office of the adjutant gene
ral at Sacramento. Shortly after the
commander in chief of the State forces
assumed command It was announced
that the incumbent would resign.
A prominent military man, who
served during the Civil "War and
has had many years service in
the National Guard of this State,
was informed when he present
ed his claims for the office: "Very sor
ry, colonel, that you did not present
your claims for the office before, but
the choice has already beed made."
Thl^.was three months ago and all In
terested are wondering -why the choice
has not been announced.
An election has been .ordered for Jan
uary 5 in Company I. Livermore. for
first lieutenant* vice Hunter, term ex
pired. ; { _.'iv~:
*, Theodore J. Savage has been ap
pointed ; by General "Warfleld major and
judge advocate on "the staff of the Sec
ond Brigade, vice Major Dora, pro
moted colonel, and appointed on the
staff of the 'commander in chief.
A meeting of officers called by Major
General Dickinson for. the purpose of
discussing the needs of the guard at
this time was held a few days ago.
There were present Division Comman
der Dickinson. General Muller of the
Third Brigade. General. "Warfleld and
his adjutant; Colonel Burgin; Lieuten
ant Colonel Dockweller. Colonel O'Neil
of the First Infantry, Colonel Seymour
of the • Second, Colonel Hayes of the
Fifth and. Colonel Berry of the Seventh.
The artillery ¦ battalion was not repre
sented." .,
PURPOSE- OF MEETING..
General Dickinson stated the purpose
of the meeting and called for sugges
tions for the betterment of the condi
tion of /the guard. Papers were read
by Colonels Seymour, Berry and Hayes,
and one of these was to the effect that,
the time "that men give to becoming
proficient In the duties of a soldier out
side of the time In camp amounts in all
to 16J<£ days a year, too short a time to
learn all that should be learned.
Colonel Burgin suggested that a pam
phlet be placed in the hands of every
man instructing him as to the requi
sites of a soldier so that he could study
the same when not In the armory. He
suggested that the same ought also to
contain the proper form for what is
known as "the paper work."
Colonel Seymour read a copy of a
letter sent to each commander in his
regiment showing in detail all that
should be attended to.
Colonel Hayes called attention to the
difficult concentration when the com
panies of the regiment are as widely
separated cs they are In the Fifth In
fantry and drew attention to the lack
of preparation there was when the
regiment was ordered to Sacramento
on a hurry-up order in 1334, showing
that there had noi been any arrange
ments for providing the men with food
or shelter, but that each company com
mander was left to do the best he
could for his men.
The major general remarked that
that was an oversight.
Colonel Wilhelm, United States In
spector of the guard, spoke at some
length, giving the officers something
to think about. He said that measures
must be taken to make the officers
more studious, that attention must be
paid to drill regulations, that the gen
eral rules and rules of general appli
cation are not sufficiently understood.
AS TO GUARD DUTY.
He also spoke of the Importance of
guard duty; of the manual of the
same; of the necessity of the addition
of trumpet, sword or whistle signals
for extended orders; of observing the
unwritten customs when National
Guardsmen serve with regulars; of
the importance of squad formation; of
the proper construction of racks; of
the use of cosmollne for suns; of the
sei-uringr of ranges suitable for target
practice, especially for the shorter dis
tances suited for United States firing
regulations* and as to parades and
reviews he said they are essential and
must be properly carried on.
He concluded by calling attention to
the fact that the cadence of movement
Is too slow and without snap through
out the entire National Guard and that
bands are a drag in this respect.
No action was taken at the meeting
in regard to what was under discus
sion, but in the evening there was a
banquet in Golden Gate Hall, where
all were in attendance except General
Wnrfield, but tlr company was added
to by the present of Adjutant General
Stone and Major Bush of the artillery.
The bids for uniforms for the guard
were opened yesterday. The lowest bid
for blouses was by the Pettlbone Com
pany, $5 95 each, and for caps by Pas
quale & Sons, $1 24J^. If these bids are
accepted and the number agreed upon
ordered that "will leave a balance of
$4725 to expend for the purchase of
trousers.
School of Instruction for Officers of First Regi
ment Will Be Formed— United States Inspector
Gives the Commanders Much to Talk About
CALIFORNIA GUARDSMAN
WAKE TO THEIR DUTIES
Pages 45 to 56
Pages 45 to 56
POSTAGE ON THE
CHBISTMAS CALL
5. CENTS DOMESTIC.
10 CENTS FOREIGN.
DOMESTIC POSTAGE IN-
CLUDES ALIj POINTS IN
THE* UNITED STATES,
MEXICO, HAWAIIAN ISL-
ANDS, PHILIPPINES, POR-
TO RICO, CANADA AND
GUAM.
MAIL THIS SUMPTUOUS
PAPER TO YOUR FRIENDS
IX THE EAST AXD
ABROAD.$2,381,706.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — Statistics
compiled by the superintendent of tha
money order division, New. York post->
office, shoxvs Christmas gifts of Amer^
lean coin rea'ching a total of $1. 408,3?*
961 were carried to Europe on the.
liner St. Louis, which sailed Saturday;
Kaiser Wllhelm on Tuesday, and the'j
Oceanic on Wednesday. Of this sum ,
England receives $826,399. The total
amounC forwarded in domest'c money
orders to points in the United States,
and Canada on Thursday alone waa
Million In Coin Gifts.
Same owner' • I Mack and ¦ tan doc Cub*'»
Zep. Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-Jacquina; whelped
January 5. 1330: Bred by owner.
.; : -. ¦ .|
N«v«mber I. 1001. Bred fcy own«r. . !
Sam* owner's black and white. bitch Mfdxet. '.
umt breeding'' as last.
Same owner's liver and while bitch Petren
ella. Tounr Jlneo-Florlda; whelped July 29. '
1S9©. 'fs »
J. W. Klynn's (San Francisco) - lemon and
white dog Senator P, Cap B-Queen P; whelped
June 6. 1S07.
Same owner's lemon and white bitch Nellie
Banff. Ch. Senator P-Lady Belle; .whelped July
10. 1901. vBr»d by owner.
Clinton E. Worden's liver and white bitch
Pearl's Jingle. .Younjr Jlnco-Ptarl's Dot II,
whelped Ausust O. 1880. Bred by Georje E.
Gray Appleton. Minn.
Stockdale Kennel's (Bakersfleld) liver and
white doe Cuba Jr. Ch. Cuba of Kenwood-
Florida; whelped March 13. 1000. Bred by
Same owners black and white bitch Marga
rette Cuba's Zep-Jin*o's Bagpipe; whelped
POINTERS.
Dr. C. E. Wilson's (Elko, Key.) black, white
and tan doff Clipper W, Marie's Sport-Isabell*
Maid; whelDed April 1,. 1S90. Bred by H. B.
Ledbetter, F&rmlngton. Mo.
A. H. Nelson's (Tacoma. Wash.) black,
white and tan bitch Sport's Destiny. Marie's
Sport-Mark's Fleet; whelped July 18. 1889.
Bred by H. B. Ledbctter, Farmlnston, Mo.
bitch Lady, Ch. Count Gladstone IV-Peach
Mark: whelped Marcir 2. 1800; bred by W. W.
Van Arsdale.
Same owner's black, white and tan dor Kll
garlt-Orion-Mary Lou; whelped 1001: bred br
owner. ; . - ¦ .'<
. Same owner's black, white and tan dog
Harry H. Why Not-Sue; whelped February 17,
1901; bred by P. Lorillard. • ' . .
- W. .W. Van ArsdaIe's<(San Francisco) whit*,
black, tan and ticked do» McCloud Boy, Tony
Boy-Sadie Hopkins; whelped December 25.
1000;. bred, by Hugh Hopkins. Mlnturn. Cal.
Sam* owntr's white, black, tan and ticked
do* Oakley' s Price, Oakley Hill-Gipsy Queen;
whelped June. 1900; bred by Charles W. Tway,
Irwln. Ohio.
Same owner, white, black, tan and ticked
dog -Detroit Joe, Joe's Count-Queen of Dia
monds: " whelped March 10, 1001; bred. by Louis
Hllsendegen. Detroit,- Mich. - . - .i ¦ -
-Same owner's white, black, tan and ticked
dog California Bellboy. Tony Boy-Lena- Bell;
whelped July, : 1000; bred by P. Lorillard.
J. E. Terry's (Sacramento) lemon and white
J. W. Consldine's (Seattle, Wash.) black,
white and tan bl»ch Count's Clip, Ch Lady's
Count Gladstone- Jessie Rodfleld; whelped Sep
tember ,26. 1901; -."bred by Dr. J. A. Bown.
Chariton, la. . ¦ .' :
. Same '.owner's black, white ' and ¦ tan", bitch
Count's Fee;. same breeding. . r ¦'¦>'-¦¦
Same owner's black, white and . tan bitch
Policy. Girl. Dave Earl-Top 1 * Queen. •..•••.-
Clinton E. Worden's (San Francisco) orange
and white dog Jay M, Colonel R-Spot'« Girl;
whelped March, 2tt, 1SKI1; bred by George E.
Gray, Appleton, Minn.
8ETTERS.
- The entries" for the all-age stake, to
be decided at the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club meeting at Bakersfleld on
January 11, were made public yester
day by Secretary Albert Betz.
Twenty-one field dogs in all are en
tered and will be Judged" by W. S. Bell
of Pittsburgh These include thirteen
setters and eight pointers, the pick of
the sporting dogs of the entire coast.
Rain' has fallen at Bakersfleld. This
will materially improve the training
running conditions. The complete
'entryV follows:' - ,
Twenty-One Entries Received'
for the All-Age Stake to
Be Decided at Bakcrsfield
SPORTING DOCS
IN THE FIELD
C.,V. Porter, >room .225 Parrott
building, -secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterSay .for the
arrest of James F. Massey,- second vice
president of the Brotherhood- of Rail
road Employes, on a charge^ of felony
embezzlement. It is alleged*that Mas
sey, who, had -no authority to do so,
collected $400 from different firms for
advertisements in a souvenir got up
for the benefit of the brotherhood and
refused to hand over the money when
a demand was made upon him for it.
Accused of Embezzlement.
cently ruled off. The entry of the colt
will be refused.
Johnny Hoar, who rode on the New
York tracks with fair success, is here
as a free lance.
Jack Martin was set down for three
days, except for the Jennings stable,
on account of his cleverness in carry
ing Rockaway wide.
Twenty-five books cut in, an increase
of three over the last drawing.
Adams and Hilderbrand were each
fined $10 by Starter Holtman for dis
obedience at the post in the first race.*
Starter Dick Dwyer and Mrs. Dwyer
leave for Los Angeles to-night. Dick
opens with the barrier at Ascot Park.
Park between teams from the San
Francisco Verein and the Concordia
Club. The proceeds will be devoted to
the Emanuel Sisterhood, the Columbia
Park Boys' Club and, the Columbia
Park Girls' Club. The teams will line
up: . :i v
San Francisco Verein — Ell Wlel, shortstop;
S|dn<?y Ehrtnan, center neld; George D. Cohn,
first ba«e; Sylvaln Da*ls.' third • base; Jesse'
Coljnan (captain), catcher; Percival Katan or
Dr.' J. B. Frankenheimer, ' right field: Ch.irles
Son, second" base: Al Well, left field; Irving
J. Wlel,. riitcber. „ .'.,
Concordfa— Louis Lyons, third base; Walter
Dreyfus (captain), second base; Sam Goslinnky,
shortstop; Emil Dreyfus, center Held; Irving
Lyons, first base: Stanley Slnshelmer, catch
er; Lawrence Strassburger, *left field; Leon
Clayburgh, right field; Clarence Colman,
pitcher. ¦
A baseball game will be played this
afternoon at 2 o'clock at Recreation
Baseball for Charity.
Lord Melbourne, the crack three
year-old mudlark from Sidney Bender's
bsrn. celebrated his fourth consecutive
victory in the mile and a furlong' han r
dicap at Ingieside yesterday, compelling'
Claude, the fcur-time Derby winner, to
strike his colors. Of course the big
Saturday gathering could not;', get
av.ay from Claude, making Mike Daly's
horse an S'to'5 favonteTrbiri'yie pres
sure of their money* -ijord Melbourne
was a stanch second at J> to. 2,
the others only getting scattering sup
port. At the start Yellow Tajl, Incuba-}
tor. Veterano and Dr. Bernays on tha
outside carr.e together wkh- a crash;
impairing the. chances of all. Johnny
Daly got away first with Claude v but
instead of taking advantage' <5f this
pulled back and let Modicum make the
early pace. Then on the back stretch
Johnny rushed the favorite into the
lead and it looked as the stretch was
reached cs if he might win. When
challenged by Oliphant on Lord Mel
bourne Claude responded with great
pameness, but his impost of 119 pounds
begran to tell and in a hard drive Lord
Melbourr.e earned the decision by a
neck. The winner was in nice and
snag: with 97 pounds and received per
fect handling. Modicum finished third,
several lengths before Major Tenny.
A sloppy track made perfect footing
for the mudlarks, all of which were out
en dress parade. First choices took
three purses, dividing equally with
longer priced horses.
Unquestionably the most unexpected
Bookmaker Geprge Rose viqwed the
racing from, the: ground., yesterday. ;
George intends giving the Los Angeles,
game a trial. : '. .. , ¦.¦¦'¦¦: /.
Jimmy Devine of Chicago, wbo has
had charge of the field books for 'John
Condon, leaves for home to-night, ac
cempanied by his wife:' " '"¦'" ;
Ed Cole of New, York, who will act
as associate Judgre &.t .the Ascpi Park
meeting* Los Angeles, :ivas~at' the track
yesterday. Ed is a , popular and ef
ficient official and the Los' Angeles peo
ple made, no mistake in. securing his
services. He was accompanied on his I
trip cut from the East by Seymour J
JJutler, a widely known Pinkerton De- (
ttctlve Ajrency official.) j
. The officials have ' ruled that Sol .
Smith is owned by Jockey D. Hall, re- '
NOTES OF THE TKACK.
Dell Fountain's Bard Buriis/ at 18 to
5. closed, 'a slight favorite* oVer'Pfft Mor
rissey and Military in the bettlns on the
-opening seven r furlong, event, and. was
returned 'an easy winner. Military early
passed Evelyn Byrd and *led into the
stretch. At this 7 point Bell let out a
.wrap aj>d -the. favorite, assuming the
front position", beat Pat Morrissey, with
something to spare. Military was third.
A very ordinary consignment of
maidens started in the third number
at a mile. Bright Moon was installed
favorite, but despite the vigorous rid
inx of Burns," ran unplaced. The win
ner turned up in Thank Haven, an
eighty-two-pounder, with Hilderbrand
up, which scored easily from Lurene
anil Cheeny. .1 \</'
The little Texas flyer Burnie Bunton
with Tommy Burns in the saddle went
to the post favorite over Peter J. and
Sad Sam for the Futurity . course
sprint, fifth to be decided. At the start
Sad Sam shot away in front as. usual,,
opening up a huge gap of daylight
over his field. Burns hustled Burnie
along and as the stretch was reached
had Sad Sam measured. - From that
on to the wire it was easy for the
Texas sprinter. Sad Sam finished sec
ond and Glennevis, a long shot, third.
Peter J. stdpped badly in the run
home.
Tommy Burns also piloted Greenock.
winner of the final seven-furlong af
fair. The old horse was favorite
throughout the betting and under per
fect handling stooda long drive, down
ing Galanthus a head. Cougar at 25'
to 1 took the show. Captivate came in
for stanch support, but quit badly in
the stretch, after looking -at one time
to have a great diance. ' * " , ,
happening of the day was the defeat
of :thie crack Burns AWaterhouse colt
Rockaway in the two-year*old. selec
tion. "With C. Kelly on Ihis "back, 11 to
20 was accepted as a good price, and in
a rattling finish the bay youngster lost
to Judge, a 12 to, 1' shot, by a head. The
favorite was carried wide through the
stretch by Martin on Lord Wadsworth.
wHich cbntrlbiited largejy to his defeat.
Ot\6 > StlfeI:pho'wed'sonie speed, but died
Jaway in the stretch:! -: •'- ¦. . :
Fifth race, mile, handicap — Huzzah
won, De" Reszke second, Levi Dorsey
third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth, sell
ing—Lee King won. Badger second,
Felix Bard third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
' Fourth race, Crescent City handicap,
mile and a quarter— Witful won, Little
Scout second. Bondage third. Time,
2:06 3-5. '
Third race, five furlongs— Sweet Nell
won, Josett second, Takua third. Time,
1:02 1-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 19.— Crescent
City results:
» irst race, six furlongs — Joe Goss
won. Hands' Across second, Frank Bell
third. Time, 1:14. , r
Second race, two-year-olds, seven
furlongs— Montebank won, Exclama
tion second, Foresight third.. Time,
1:27 4-6.
Xew Orleans Race Results.
The greyhounds running at Ingieside
Coursing Park worked overtime again
yesterday, the hares showing great
speed and staying qualities. The major
ity of the trials lasted more than one
minute. The longest was between Real
Duchess and Slievenamon, the former
winning after they had been running
three minutes and five seconds. Sofala
beat Idleness after running two min
utes and twenty-one seconds. Beacon
was defeated by Our Minnie in a trial
lasting two minutes and forty-nine sec
onds. J
Of the crack dogs in the stake 'Full
Moon was the most fortunate. He beat
Prometheus in a short trial Ijy a score
of . four to two. With ordinary coursing
luck he should run well into the stake
to-day.
The other greyhounds which showed
to advantage were Harlean Gladys,
Doc Burns. Ragged Actor, Northern
Express, Firm Fellow, Silver Cloud. and
Viking.
The results in detail, with Judge
Thomas Tierney 's official scores, follow:
Homer Boy beat Apple Blossom. 20-ft; Har
lean Gladys beat Rich Argoay, S-0: Dqrothy
M beat Yellow Tail. 24-3; Renegade Apache
beat Wedge wood, £8-5; Roy Hughle . beat
Tom Sayera 11-3; America beat Kirn? Death,
17-0; Pura Pearl beat Colored Lady. CO-4;
Lord Granard beat Little. Plunger. 12-0; Our
Minnie beat Beacon, 15-8; Haddington beat
Beauty Gold. 18-0; Clover. Blossom , beat
Young Fearlers. 13-3; Pacing. Billy beat
Gllmore Girl. 7-0; Equator beat Donnybrook,
4-0; Sofala beat Idleness. 22-11; Menlo Prince
beat Jerry Wright 10-2; Doc Burns beat
Piker 13-0>: Frisco Lad beat Manru, 10-4:
Frisky Barbara beat Mirage, tt-0; Ragged
Actor beat GlaueuH 13-4; Black Flush bsat
Brilliancy. 7-4: Vanalba beat Vina. 28-7;
Northern EXprers beat Free Born. 12-6; To
ronto beat Lord Goff, 8-3; Oulda beat Royal
Sport. 11-6: Real Duchees beat Slievehamon,
13-9: Jingle Beila heat Haphazard. 0-5:
Topsy Turvy beat Drifting Dawn. 14-3; Maid
of the Glen beet Lily York. 6-3; Intruder beat
Van'Xora. ll-(i; Miss Wilson beat. Mark
Twain 8-«; Lady Menlo beat The Referee,
9-7: Firm Fellow beat Old Ironsides. 10-7;
Siskiyou beat Little Lucy, 11-0; Don Pedro
brat Mollle Me. 4-2; Silver Cloud beat Linda
Vista. 5-0: Queen's Motto beat Comique,
0-1: Concord Boy beat Emin Bey. 11-5; Laugh-
Ing Water beat Golden Rule. 6-2; Cloverdale
beat Ruby Sankey, 7-8; Vikir.g beat Irving
ton Tralee 4-2: Yukon beat Gambit, .".-0;
Bob R beat Loretta. 15-1; McHenry beat
Reckless Acrobat, 10-7;. Maid of Gowrie beat
Mountain Poet, 9-2; Belfast beat Melllnwood.
7-0: -Meddlesome beat Lazy Bob 14-fi; Full
Moon beat Prometheus, 4-2; Orslna beat
Dori«, 5-3.
UTGIiESZDZ: BACETKACK — Saturday. Dec. 19. — Weather showery. 1 'Srack'slCppy.
nisi;. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs: Belling; 3-year-olds and upward; vahie to ftrst; $323.
ln<5Vxi lion* and Owner. TVt'St.' u! %7 '0. • Str. Tin. j Jockey." -OpI -> Cl.
&3C4 iBard Burns. 5 (Fountain)... 112J 6 4 1 3^2 1%1 Vi 1 1H BfU 3 7-2
6<;» jPm Morrlssey. a (Wellman). lOe! T 3h 7 H 4 1 4 8 3 n Llntoo*..?. - 3- 0-2
t«6 Military. 5 <\V. Durker) 100 1 8 2 2 2 1 HI %-2 2%3'2 • Adams ...'.' — f~ 3
lEvMyn Byrd. a (Mohler). . . . 108] 6 1 h 4 H 0 1HT 1 4 t> HUderbrnd 6 10
(Mr. Phinitv. a (Robinnon).. llTjlO 9 14 10 9 1*51 & 2% Ftfley ..... '16 40
MRS iPuas Jn Boots. 3 (Josephs). .ilOO' 3 3 4 1 n 51 62 6n Connell .... . 6 -. 10
ft*% lArttmr Ray. 4 (C.ayton). . .. 112| 4 7n «h 3n 3174 J. Daly ... 8 10
C156 {Emily Oliver. S (R. Clark), iatj-1 8 lHft n 8.n 8 1 -d M Blrkcnruth' .16 • 10
KM* {Dotterel 3 (F. J. O'Rourke). 1O*5| 2 10 9 1 7 b 8 4 9 6 Lar*en 10' . 15
43&7 !Uyrof. 3 (H. Green) flOOl 9 6 % 8 H10 10 10 BuxtQji .... 12 40
Tim*— :2*V ;50M-, 1:10V 1:29%. At post 1H mlnntes. Off at"2:0a>4. •• Burhs, -.place.
"¦2; enow. 7-lfl. Morrissey. place. S-5; thovr 4-6. Military show. 1. Winner, ch. h.
hy Matt Byrnes-Bar Maid. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched— El Kons?. Billy
Moore. Start lair. Won <anlly. Next two drivings. Burn* eaMly tbe ,U*f=t. Bell waited
with him to the stretch, »vh*r«> he cut loose, winning easily. Morrtstex finished wt-U
' unfler wtak handling. Military ran a nice ra*e. Brrd : will improve.""' Sh« had early
spe«rl. fell back and closed a^ain gamely. . Tab Mr. Phir.Izy.'
54?»7. SECOND RACE- Six furlongs; rur«g; two-year-olds; value to flr»t, $325.
*"di-* 1 Horn and Uwper. |\Vt|St. Vi - J*T «4 . Str. Fin. I JockeT. | Op. cT
lB40r») Judge <M J. Daly) ]111| 3 ... 4 5 4 8 3 2^1 h J. Daly .. 6 12
•M'SORockaway (Burns & W*.trhsOill3i 2 ... 3 2 :S 2^2 Vi 2 1 C. Kelly... 1-2.11-20
<«*£*», Lord Wadcworth (Ferguson). ilO3! 1 ... I IVil *« 1 n 3 7 J Martin.. 5 7-2
G433 (Otto Stlfel <B Schrelbor) llOa 4 ... 2 2 2 1>j4 8 4 6 Burns 5 8
f.4(» iVlrjrJnla Kny (Winter & Oo.>il0o! 5 ... (} 6 4 fi 6 S 12 J. Boyd .. 100 500
S<21 [Prefldio (Hamilton Stable). .. il031 .0 ... 62 6 « 6. |R. Butler.. 50 ISO
Tiir.e^-:2T.. :49s 4 . 1:15%. At post >4 nUmre. Off at 2:37lj. Judge, place, 2: show, 1-2.
nockaway. place. 1-4; show. 1-12. Wadsworth. show, 1-3. ' Winner, blk. c. by Athel-
Ing-Judy. Trained by M. J. Daly. Start good. V.'on In a drive or two. " Third step
ping. Kookavray lwunds t>ie l-est. Lord Wadsvorth carried him very wide' and bumped
him at tl:e ! addock. Kelly put Jip a very weak ride from there on, had the race
won but allowed Judge to snfak up and beat him out a bead on the post. Judge got
the only intelligent riie of the lot. Stifel had speed but dogged It badly. So did
_y**dE'n ort h .
C4SS. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; all axes; maidens; value to Jlrst. $325.
lndex| Horse and Owner. |Wt[St. W . i£. a.;; str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. "ci.r
.... [ThEnk Haven. 2 (U. Clark).. • S7i 4 4 2 2 h 11 1 2^1 6 HUderbrnd ' 6-2 6 
rt& Lurene. 4 (\V. L. Pritchard).|104t 8 3h-43 24 25 21 J. Martin.. 4. ' fl
MC3 !Cheney. 2 (L*. Z. de Armand).] OOilO 10 10 C 1%5 2U,A n Lowe 10 25;
45.H) jRionda, 4 <K. Hughes) 11001 2 2 1»,1 h 3 14 1 4 4- Connell ... 15 20
5432 jBrlrht Uoon. 4 (Garland C^.) 109 7 HH>H3n 5% Burns 3 8-5
MSI *Th*odor» L. 3 (V. E. Smith). 105| 3 8 2><iR h 7 H 7 4 0 6 IBirkenruth 10 12
r-J76 ;Capitol. 2 (G. Lanka) 84, 0 5n Tn 8 H 84 7^ |Anderson .. 20 • , 30
5412 jllesto. 3 (A. Schuitz) 104| 9 1 n 3 2 4 2UC n 8 2 R. Wilson.. 20 60
."\47fi :Dr. B:rtfa:i. 2 (McCcmnell). . I fi5jl 7n 9H9296 8 10 Greenfield . 3 4
r.*t.'{ lEsforzado.. J iS. A. Br>an). .|10t! 5 tf 5 8 1 10 10 10 U. Lewis.. ¦ 8 10
Tiaie— :26. :51'^. l:U8, l:«.V.i. At post 1>4 minutes. Off at 2:59'.,. Haven, place. 2; show,
1. Lurene. place, 2; Khow. 1. Cheney, show. 0. Winner, b. f. by Belvldere-Thanks.
Trained by R. H. Clark. Start good. Won Easily. Next two In a hard drive. Thank •
Haven had all the gjieed after they had gone half a mile, and' from there on' was
nevtr In trouble. Lurene ran a- fair race. Cheney closed an enormous gap. It vu •
a \ery bad lot with no form. . " ?. '
K4Si>. FOURTH RACK— One and an eighth miles; handicap: all affes; value to first, $800.
lnoexj Horse «nd Owner. (iVt^t 5i~. %. titr. Fin. I Jocxey. j Op. Cl.
(5477)I^crd Melbourr.e. 3 (BeriBer)..|"07| 3 3^41 2 IV42 1^1 n jOllphant ,. 5-2 5-2
W42 Claude, it (II. J. Daly) .".'llU I 4 1^1 V- 1 K 1 h 2 l»iU. Dftly...:." 1 8-5
B39S Modicum. 3 tt». S. Fountain*. | 09 2 11 3 4 3 n 3 2«43 a iHildebrnnd 10 8:
(Major Tftmy,4 (Piedmont Sta.);l(»5| 4 2h 0 l'. s 5 h 5. JMJtli IBirkenruth 10 25.-
MC5 (Incubator, <i (Van Meter) 1103! 8 « \ 2 U. 4 ] 1^4 n 5 2 C Kelly 8 15
fr*0* {Vet^raao. 3 <W. C. Vlvell)...) ft 5 7 5 7 «" fi 1 8 S 6 10 |J. Jones 10 10
5471 .Yellow Tail. 6 (J. Hackett ». . 1109,-C 5 n 6 H 7 15 7 15 7 12 iKunz 10 15
Ml'O Dr. B?rnay>. a (J. Conway). . |100) 7 8 S 8 8 8 tReed 15 30
Time— :25. :50Vi, 1:17. 1:42?,. 1:5.11,. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:244. Melbourne, rlace.
4-3: fhow, 1-3. CTau.ie. place. :?^: show, 1-4. Modicum, show, 7-5. Winner, b. g.
by Prince o' Monaco-Gondola. Trained by B. P. Bonder. Start «ood. Won In a drlv*
of throe. Claude Uur.g jUFt a trifls in the l»5t fifty yards. L-Td Melbourne, under light
weight, ran a FmsFhin* race. He is in Brand Torm and about the best mud horse in the
<-ountry. Modicum ran a very clever ract-. Incubator ran a fair race, but was up
apaintt it. Yejlotv Tail haj Inst all forn«.
54!K>. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course: puree; 3- year-old* and up; value to first. $325.
Irdfxj Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. J*. %. %,. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Opl Cl7
Mt2 ;Buniie Bunton. 5 1 Newman). .{1101 2 ... 2 *i 2 3 2 2'al 2 |Burns 9-5 8-5*
T>i72 ,Sad Sam. 3 iH. Green) !1O7! 1 ... 1 2"-jl 2 1 n 2 lHJPherwood .. 5-2 14-5
M',<; Glennevia. 3 iff. Durker) |l<u! 5 ... 4 »j » I 4 8 3 h Folev 15 12
MC9 Peter J. .'J (K. J. Smith* UOO! 3 ... 3 - 4 3 4 3 2 4 10 |W. Dugan.. 5-2 2
Mi'4 !An«-rath. 4 (Lamapney nros.).!107! 4 ... fi 6 5 1U5 10 iAdama 10 23
R.V7 Kevolt. 8 (Kentucky Stable). JlOOl 6 ... 5 % S % 0 "« |C. Kelly... .| 100 150
Tin;"— :25. SO. 1:12. At post IVi minutes. Off at 3:53. Bumle. place. 3-5: show, 1-6. Sam,
rl»c*. 4-.'.; fhow. 1-3. Glenneyis, e)k)w. 1. Winner, ch. in. by Rancocas-Dead Cinch.
Trninert by H. F. Newman. Start *:oc>d. Won easily. Next three driving hard. Easy for
rvmton. Fhp alwajF h»-ld a gr>cd position and went after Sam lart turn, winning: as
th» i.;-H«-eri Sam no excusf*. Was off well in motion and hsd his speed. Glennevis
ran a ccod rare and was well handled, saving a lot of ground. Dugan loet the Fhow by
¦rc'.ng very wide. , • . ,
r»4?>j. SIXTH n ACE— Seven furlong?; selling: S-yesif-olfle and up;*X^^e^Tlirrtr$325' "^"^
Intlfxj ilctfe and Owner. !Wt~St hC *b~. %. Sir. Fin. j Joctoey. | Op. TcT. ¦
54C1 Gn-enrvk; « <J. Wood*) IllTl 8 5 14 4 1 5 h 2 n 1 h IT. Burns. ..'~*8-5 8-5
r.4».l iGaicrthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) !103| 5 il 4 t \W 2 <> V- 2 h iBuxton 8 15
M«a rnugar. 5 <B. & H.) !117| 7 2h 5h CH5h 3'i IC Kelly 10 20 '
M.-.« ;EI PMoto. 5 <H. W. Hoag) |1<I9| S 4 n « '^ 3 h 4 h 4 % HiWebrand 8 * 10
«54(.-2> Cor.stfJlator, 0 (Keattr.gi 11141 3 «; n 8 n 8 4 N n 5 n ,'J. Martin... 4 5
S4«n (PreFtolun. 3 (Devln & Co.) 'Ill 110 10 10 10 7 '4 0 V. IL. Jackson. ' 15 30
54« [Prince Blazes, a <E. H-rz). . iinoj 2 7n9n»110 7 l»4|Foley 10 8
(M7I») Klfln King. :i (B. E. Curl) |H« 41Uln,lnlh«l Haack 10 15
f»47K Quatre. 3 *E. Tierney) nil 6 :l m.1 n 4 1 US h fl 2 Blrkenruth 8 15
f.«C7 '-artivnte. ?> (P. HIMreth) llOftl 1 R n 2 U, 2 H"'.» 1 10 J. Lewlg 10 6
Tirr* — :23. :r,l. 1:16%. 1:30. At post «i minutes. Off at 4:2::. Greenock. place, 3-5; show,
1-3. Galanthus. place. 6; show. 3y Cougar. <>hnw. 3. Winner, br. h. by Bramble-Lillian
I.Iiirtaay. Trained by W. P. Wood?. Scratched—Aunt Polly. Quiet. Start good. Won In
a JVrcc drive t>f *lx. Burns won .the race for Greenock. Hn put up a grand finish. Buxton
nSft a xery clever race en Galanthuc. He raved a world of ground last turn and put
up a very strong finish. Cougar closed very strong. Elfin King had speed, but dogged It
So did Captivate.
Makes His Race With Prome
theus, a Short One, and Is
Expected to Do Well To-Day
FULL MOON IS FORTUNATE
Hares Still Prove Strong at
Ingieside Park and Severe
Trials Are the Result
HARD RUNNING
FOR COURSERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
Crack Mudlarks Figtitflt Out in Handicap at Ingle
side Track-Rockaway at Odds On Is Beaten by
Judge/a 12 to i' Shot—Burnie Buntori Also' Wins
CLAUDE LOSES BY A NECK
TO FAST LORD MELBOURNE
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
46
... :; -, v; — ..^..¦, < .,^^*^.w.^..-... ; v- r -.-*- »•*• * " J '^^ " ; - •AT>VEBTI«J!MENTS/ V •• ' ' ' " ' l '
I n d I'll Give You the Name of Somebody
I A \fL < ~~^^2vtl /^^k You can talk with the men and women who have been cured
> i\ > _ j^**^^j&. ' I JwlSLlm by my treatment, and that's worth considering. I might preach
> n^vJ^J/^ V*!\u>^^o^>^ L&L*^*i& *°* y ears in m y enf ° rts to gather converts to my way of curing
- * S^^Q/£'£' fl Bs$L**eir disease, and nobody would pay any attention to my arguments ;
|; "*^^^^^^^ m^^^S^^^y*^'^ W_^^^^L ut w^ en * tell-you that I have cured your neighbor, Mr. Guar,
> Z^Vn^^^^^^^^^^^^^L \$&& l^JWi. or y° ur °^ hiendy Mr. Gaskill, and you can go and ask them
? *y//Wi^^W^^^». JjT - )timm^ - about me and the y tel1 y° u that * cured them » then I nave cn
\ 7 if j^^^JI^M -^^^^^Myffl)];^^^^. ou P r00^ anc^ >* ou now tnat I a^ claim.
\ ' A nd want y° u to g^ ve me credit for what I prove. There's
>¦ ra^^ SnT B^^^^&^^mM^wS^ nothing surer than the word of an honest man, and when such
! liflilslll W^^S^^S^^^^^W " men as tnesc a d.mit that I have cured them you know that I can
> w~^ ill W^^^M^^wMW ou ve * n oma ' es >"° a now M f ' John B. Guay, who
» \ I W^^^iMmmilwu suffered from one of the worst cases of stomach trouble that I
1 ' \\ j WmsfflsmffllHmlmlf ' have ever treated. He was reduced to almost a shadow of hia
1 ••Vt'A \\ I W • car Sir— One could not imagine the siege of suffering I passed
1 1 fi 11 K^^^^iUnl ililmfl M througli from stomach trouble and rheumatism. I was subjected to
> ' I I I I I K^ra^^aHilllfP/lfl'l 111 severe drug treatment, stomach pump treatment and diet treatment
1 I //I IWfflV^Wa ) H Wm M without the least relief. I grew disgusted with them a!!, and as a last
! 11 llll WlMwJmWm (11 IB I'i resort tried your Belt two years ago. In three days I could fling away
i l\ if/ 1 WwMflff/h irM I'i IIS ill my an ?' and in three months was a new man, entirely cured, and felt
i jn>ii.uLioiJLW'W."iiH lH*fi^?!S!fete^ WfifimffwvM \ >{l I far bettcr than I had for years. Several of my friends ha-re since par-
' I iiflli WWPfeffiH^^ Ull 1 1 n haSCd y ° Ur bCltS * X * W ° Uld nOt Part WUh minC fCT $r ' W ° ' f l C ° a!d
; 'flfflp ' «!|3^p|£^^Affi| [I I 1 nOt gCt anOt "'^ U B y 'GUAY. Tommies. Marin Co. CL '
» *Z^ *- JS^^I**y^^^l5mh^i]^yiJl i !| way is different from all others. It is my own plan» arwi
! • s^^^S|rr' ri'lflMAli^^^^i^^lSEWrrawir * s as s^ m P^ as anything can be. I find a man suffering from
i mm 0* " ¦'*^^^J^s^^^nMfflmM||iml stomach trouble, arising from a weakness of the organs of di-
• ~"^^ " ge'stioh and assimilation. Now, what is the use of pouring
' np m TAiTruirM- drugs into that poor stomach? It does not want drugs to force
,. uk._McLAUOHLI^:. _ "an action. It wants strength.
Dear Sir— About, two months ago I purchased one of your high ,. . . 6 .... ...-«•
grade Belts, having suffered for fifteen years previously with indiges- • You know there is not an organ in the body which win not
tion, constipation, nervousness, lumbago and, in fact, every part of ray do its work well if it has the strength. You will never feel a
system was impaired. I began to improve very shortly after applying pa j n O r a moment of distress unless some part of your body is
P \ £^£§ hi R^«" b « th « "ton 1 * P"alyx/your -/oor stomich
the bowels; something I have not had for fifteen years. I take pleas- with poisons. My plan is to give strength to the part that 13
?are in recommendinR your Belt. Yours -very truly, ailing. I do that and the trouble is gone before you understand
J. M. GASKILL, 220 Chestnut Ave., Santa Cruz, Cal. why.
It's easy to be cured my way. You put my appliance on DR. McLAUGHLIN: * •
when you go to bed ; you feel a glowing warmth passing through Dear Sir— I am gfad to tell you that I am cured of my rheumatism,
your body, and the electric power gives all the organs new life. For years I was not able to dress myself without help and suffered
When you wake up in.the morning you feef bright, lively and te TJ ib !f p . a . in ' b % 1 ? ad ! taken y°ujL .fitment I might have saved my-
• J j . , u • j u u sc " a " t " is suffering years ago. The money I spent paying doctots
vigorous, and you wonder where your pains and aches have b ni s was all thrown away. Your Belt has done for me in a few
gone. My belt has removed the cause, and they will never re- . months what doctors could not do in three years' continual treatment,
turn. That's a better way than making a drug store of your I am glad to recommend the Belt to any one suffering with inflamma-
stomach. And who ever saw anybody actually cured by drugs? 5 , 1 ?- T CT X?- ur$ r «P« tfulI y. _ _
T . i, , j ,. j •/ l -\' • j 4.u i ' JOSEPH M. ELSING, 725 Parker avenue, San Francisco, Cal.
I tell you drugs don t cure, and if you have tried them you know
it Nearly all of my cured patients tried drugs first. RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY TROUBLES* LAME BACK,
1 SCIATICA, STOMACH TROUBLES, NERVOUS DEBIL-
Dr McLauchlin's Electric Belt ity, lost vitality, early decay, and every
UF V 1UtLaU 6 Iinn & CICtint OCIL IND icATION THAT YOU ARE BREAKING DOWN
Cures While^You Sleep* : p h, ysi cally, i can cure, or i will forfeit $1000.
j rm _ I don't think there is any case of weakness, failure of vitat-
. DR. McLAUGHLIN: .' , .. : .' ' '. ity or of any trouble resulting from the imperfect a'ction of any
: Dear Sir— It gives me great pleasure to write to you of what the organ of the bodv that I can't cure.;- Of course/I do not cure all
* % WWM *JTl coSTo "mov"Vr u sc>" 0 my e^fhaS «". but I hmnch confidence to my treatment that I «ill pay.
dark rings around them and my vitality was at a very low ebb, indeed, $iooo for a case that comes in my line of treatment which I
but all* this has disappeared and my general health has so far im- can't cure with my recently perfected appliance. I am now cur-
proved that there has been n6 necessity ior" wearing the Belt for two j ng troubles which I would not touch before. Look at this case:
months. There has been no recurrence of any of the symptoms during _° _ ....... TXT
the time I have discontinued the use of the Belt, which is proof to me DR. McLAUGHLIN: .„,."..
that the cause of my trouble has, been peVmanently removed. You Dear Sir— I have worn the Electric Belt three months, and the
may publish this letter if you wish. Yours truly, good it has accomplished has been remarkable and continuous. My
HARVEY JOHNSON, Grass Valley, Cal stomach is in good order, the heart action is all right, and even the
_ - 11 ¦'¦• 'iril 1 1 ""• j " j.x \ more stubborn symptoms of varicocelc yield to the treatment.. My
I want to talk with men who have tried every other known condition was very serious when I commenced the use of the Belt, and
remedy; men who have about given up trying and think that it does not seem possible that in so short a time so great a change
there is no cure for them. I don't think you do justice to your- could be brought abotit. I have spoken to several men aboat the Belt
self to fill your poor stomach with drugs day after day, when «*££££ SSSSjS tttXT&'WZZbZSSJSZ
you don t see anything but temporary stimulation in them. (If prove to them its e ffi c i €nc y, so I have no doubt bat that many of them
you want stimulation' take whisky; it is alcohollike the drugs, will consult you. Yours very truly, :
and does le§s harm taken the same way.) I want to explain how M. O. ROLLINS, Box 846, Bisbee, A. T. ;.
vital power is- restored by electricity, and I can prove to you that COME AND SEE ME. Let me show you how many thoa-
1 vital power is nothing but electricity. Then you can see that sands have been cured by my methods, and how simply I over-
your trouble can be cured by electricity and can understand why come the most aggravated cases. Be just to yourself, to-yoor
drugs don't cure you. Come and let me show you the only road family and friends, and make yourself a man among men in the
to health, strength and happiness. No healthy person was ever easiest way, and at the le"ast cost. Call and I will give you evi-
unhappy, because a heart full of vitality is light and joyous, and dence that will convince you. If you can't call, then write to me.
- quickly shakes off ..the- gloom and depression which is'called for my book, which is full of the things" that inspire you to re*'
\ grief. Some people are unhappy without cause. That'is de- gain health. It is free, sealed, if you will inclose this ad. and
pression due to weakness. . tell me about your troubles. .; "
Dr. M. C McLaughlin, 906 Market St., san^rancisco.
Office Hours— 8 a.m. to 8 p.m, Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office— 105 Columbia Street LosAngreles— 129 South Spring" Street.
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Useful Holiday Gifts
Direct from the Maker. The Best Goods at
the LOWEST Prices.
, ' nwiiimniiiiM mm mi '.
For Men and Boys. - For Woman and Girls. |
SWEATERS, Jerseys, Leg- Knitted Jackets .and ' Vests,
gings, Gymnasium and Leggings, Gym and Bath-
Bathing Suits, Etc.; ing Suits, Skirts, Shawls,
For Everybody, .
UNDERWEAR, form fit- ' \ ,„„ A c
tinged sanitary, of Silk; ,
Linen, Lisle or Wool. ; -^ — -— . :;.
For Tennis, Football, Base- f> J &J k>& 1 /iZjayB IZ^hJ.
ball. Basketball, Strikihg ll^* V# .™ ¥ W^V.
Bags, Boxing Gloves; I/M Kli frl MR Hf!
•iaps and Shoes for all r I\JN 2 ; llll ¦ I N w ..V U r . . ;•
sjjorts. - - ' 6O CEARY ST>E;T- I j
SAN FRANCISCO,- CAL;
Ozen Evenings Till Chrisirr.cs. Catahjuos Free., Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>S2 M!wa/s the Same Good Old Blaiz
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦#gfe WEAK MEN CURED
v ¦ * By Dr * t»WTence'« JTew Perfeci»4
'Jr. Vacuum Developer
j ! AND INVIGORATOR. It quickly restores Lout Strsnrth or "Waited* \
,' '» I Vital Power and never fall* to core Varlcocele. Stricture,. Drain*."
t i Weakness. Impotence or Prostatlc Troubles. It positively develooe and
• j J vitalizes W»ak or Debilitated Organs, thus rettortns full youthful vigor.
.*>,, / • . CX7EI! GUARAarTESD 03 MOOt BACZ.
* \Y % To prove the marvelous and positive merits of tbe VACUUM
Vjrypf TREATMENT you may take It en 10 days* trial. and approval ABSO-
. LUTEL.Y FREE. W«'can back up every claim we -make.
Call or write to-day for 64-pase Illustrated book No. f>. ehowlns male nystem an<t '
explalnlny this wonderful, convenient and simple I1OAIE TREATMENT. -Bent piain.
- We are' experienced ' phrsiclant. Our treatment the beet and our fees less than "»
one-half thoee- of other striotly reliable specialists. 7 I
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential at office or by mall. .:ours, 9 a. tn. to
Op. m. Sundays. Z0 a. m. to 1 p.m. Open evtnlngs.
HO MONEY BSQtTISSS UNTIX. CUBED.
. HE/\L,XH /\F»F>1^I AINCIB CO.,
: : 6 OTARRELL ST.. Near Market. San Francisco.Denied an Injunction.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 19.— Judge La
combe in the United States Circuit
Court handed down a decision to-day
denying an injunction asked for by
Dun's Mercantile .Agency to restrain
the International Mercantile, Agency
from issuing a "reference book.
Lndies Will Collect the Fares.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 19.— On -Decem
ber 29 the Santa Cruz, Caoitola and
Watsonville. Railway Company will
jive the use or Its road for one day
for the benefit of the library furnishing
fund. Young ladles will act as con
ductors.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19.— Judge Hy
land of the Superior Court this after
noon, filed an affidavit in answer to
that filed .by James W. Rea a few
days ago. In which the latter asked
for a transfer of the Injunction case
against the San Jose-Los Gatos Inter
urban Railroad. Rea alleged that
Judge Hyla'nd was his political enemy
and consequently the railroad of
which he 13 president would not be
given a fair trial.
Judge Hyland says Rea visited him
and tried to influence him in trans
ferring the case, to another court and
also sent other parties to see him. He
says he has knowledge that Rea ex
hibited a letter he had written him.
fcut the Judge says . he never received
it. He denies there is any enmity be
tween them other than a good citi
zen should bear against a political
boss. He also says he is not biased
and would afford the case a fair trial.
San Jose Jurist r Declares That He
Could Try a Railroad Case
Fairly. , .
JUDGE HYLAND FILES
ANSWER TO JAMES REA
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 19. — This afternoon
Judge Albert G. Burnett sentenced H. A. Spln
dler to two years' Imprisonment In the peni
tentiary at Folsom. The man entered a pica
this morning to guilty of burglary In the first
derree. his crime having been that of robbing
freight cars on the North Ehore Railroad at
Duncans Mills recentlr«
WASHINGTON, Dec.. ID. — It wm announced
at the White House to-day that during the
holiday reces* of Congress the President will
not receive caller, except upon urgent public
Imsincsa.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 19.— Mre. Nellie
Goess of Sonoma Jumped through a
second-story window of the Golden
West Hotel at that place at an early
hour this morning and . sustained seri
ous Injuries. She was cut in a number
of places about the body and lost con
siderable blood.
The woman was recently shot in the
head by her husband, Fred Groess,
and the latter then committed suicide.
Since receiving her Injury the woman
has been flighty and has needed con
stant attention. During the absence of
her nurse she took the leap through
the glass and was attempting to hurl
herself from a portico into the street
below when she was restrained. Physi
cians who have been attending the
woman are convinced her mind is per
manently affected and it Is probable
she will be examined as to her sanity.
ed Her Before His Suicide, Acts
;^ Strangely, at Night.
Sonoma Wife, Whose Husband Wound-
WOSIAN LEAPS THROUGH
A WINDOW OF A HOTEL
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — The follow
ing Californians are here. From San
Francisco — W. F. Bowen, at the Man
hattan; S. B. Gerson, at the Broad
way Central; J. Knox and wife, at the
Hotel Vendome; W. A. Townsend. at
the Cadillac: L. C. Lacey, at the Nor
mandle; I. C. Walker, at the Manhat
tan.
From Los Angeles — E. C. Bruce, at
the Imperial.
Everything in Photography.
Kodaks and cameras make useful and
instructive Christmas presents. Kirk,
Geary & Co.. 112 Geary street. •
! SANTA ROSA. Dec. 19.— City Mar
shal George Severson has been re
quested to make a search in this city
for Mrs. A. Soule of San Francisco,
who has been missing since Thursday
afternoon. On that day Mrs. Soule
came over from the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. Gaye at Sebastopol ;o return
to her home. She had been visiting in
Santa Rosa for the benefit of her health,
being a sufferer from nervous prostra
tion, and when' the train from Sebas
topol reached this city she went up
town on business and missed the after
noon train to San Francisco.
• After Inquiring the way to San Fran
cisco and declaring her intention of
walking there Mrs. Soule started out
and has not been seen since. Her rela
tives in San Francisco were notified of
her departure for that city and
when she failed to arrive the police
department of the metropolis and Santa
Rosa were notified. The relatives of
the missing woman are much wrought
up over her disappearance and they
fear she has wandered off to some se
cluded spot and may have died.
San Francisco Resident, Who Is III,
Arrives in Santa Rosa and Sud
denly .Disappears.
RELATIVES HAVE FEAR
FOR A MISSING WOMAN
venire became exhausted and the caa«
went over until Monday.
On the former trial of the suit of
Evelyn J. Pierce against the Southern
Pacific Company the Jury disagreed.
Eddie Hanlon's collection of ball toss
ers got the decision over the stars
which Young Corbett led out on the
field yesterday at Recreation Park.
Referee Eddie Graney's figures showed i
that the. score was 9 to 5. Corbett pro
tested the game on the grounds that
the ring was too big and also averred
that Hanlon's men did not break clean
at the getaways from flrst.'base, and
further states that the gloves of the
opponents were eighty-seven ounce In
stead of the five-ounce regulation size.
Hanlon had a wonderful team to help
him to victory. T. Algernon Dorgan
was carded chase flies in the right
garden, but forgot himself so far as
to get under cover of the fence when
ever a ball was smote In his direction.
Handsome Eddie Healy dispensed the
curves for Hanlon, but after h.e ap
pealed to the referee several times the
opposition had pity on him and refused
to clout the leather.
Tim McGrath appeared In an "all
green suit. When the police officers
eaw It they ruled him oft the grounds,
so he was unable to perform. Both
Hanlon and Corbett played good ball
at the second bag, though the latter
made a wide throw to first base in the
second round that turned the tide
against his team. Following Is the line
up and the score by innings:
i Corbetts — Corbett, second base; Ferry, right
field; Tuthlll, flrst base: Ott«. pitcher and left
n*!d: Littleton, third base: Fvne. left field and
pltch»r: Ibers. third base; Evatts. ehcrtstop;
McDonald, catcher.
HJtnlons — Hanlon. F»eond,ba*e: Heatv, pitch
er- O'Brien, catcher: Croll. Fhortstno: II. Foley.
flrJ-t b«se; Dnrgan. right field: J. Folev. center
field; Donaldson, left field: Burke, third base.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Harlons 2 •"* 0 ¦ •* *— °
Hlt» 2 <t 1 .1 x— «
Corbetts 2 1 O 2 0— .",
Hits 4 1 0 2 2—9
Feather-Welghts and Their Followers
Get Together on the Diamond at
Recreation' Park.
HANLON'S BALL TEAM WINS
FROM CORBETT'S TOSSERS
Herbert Long was too strong for his
younger brother and beat him in
straight sets. Schmidt and Rolfe
played a tie, each winning a set.
Allen and MacGavin will play off
their two unfinished matches to-day.
One will be played on the California
Club courts and the other at the park.
Melville Long, a youngster who
learned the game at the park, made
his first appearance as a member of
the club. He carried off the honors
In a close match with Harry Gabriel.
At the park Gabriel plays in a class
above Long. The score was 6-4, 5-7,
7-5.
Lloyd Baldwin and Will Page are
rapidly developing into a strong dou
bles team. They have been beaten
but once. They have not tackled any
of the top notch teams yet, but the
lower class men are easy prey for
them. They took on Long and Tobin
yesterday and before the latter could
get warmed up ran out a love set on
them. The winners then played
Schmidt and Rolfe and won the first
set 6-4. In the second set Rolfe and
Schmidt put more life into their play
and won a love set.
After an absence of several months
from the courts Dr. Sumner Hardy
made his reappearance and played
some fast sets with Robert Drolla.
Drolla was outclassed and was unable
to get a set.
dry, but the cracks did not appear.
The best match of the day was a
doubles between Harry Rolfe and
Herbert Schmidt and Sidney Salisbury
and Frank Stringham. These teams
met two weeks ago and when dark
ness set in each had won two sets and
stood even on the fifth. They again
showed how evenly they are matched.
Salisbury and Stringham won the first
two sets quite handily, but the young-
Bters turned the tables on them in the
succeeding two sets, which they won
with equal ease. Schmidt and Rolfe
played more aggressively in the last
two sets and put their opponents on
the defensive. The score was 6-4,
6-1, 2-6. 3-6.
In the singles Joe Tobin and Her
bert Long played two fast sets. The
veteran proved too strong for his
younger opponent and took him into
camp in straight sets. Long and To
bin met during the week, when the
former won two sets. Tobln was
steady yesterday, while his opponent
had one of his wild days. The score
was 6-1, 6-4.
The threatening weather made the
attendance on the tennis courts rather
light yesterday afternoon. The Cali
fornia Club courts dried out in time
to permit of a few matches being
played. Some of the park courts were
Rolfe and Schmidt Play a Tie Game
With Salisbury and
Strlnsham.
TENNIS PLAYERS MEET
IN A DOUBLES MATCH
In the case of Evelyn J. Pierce vs.
the Southern Pacific Company, to re
cover $30,000 damages for personal in
juries sustained In a railroad accident
on July 11, 1900. at Gibsons Switch, In
Shasta County, the jury was locked vcp
yesterday afternoon by United States
Circuit Judge Hanford with instruc
tions that should it come to an agree
ment before the. opening of court on
Monday morning It should bring in a
sealed verdict. It brought in such a
verdict at 3 p. m.
While the Jury was out tho case of
George Pierce, husband of Evelyn J.,
who sued the Southern Pacific Com
pany for $37,146 damages for personal
Injuries received In the same accident,
was taken up and the impanciment of
the Jury was proceeded with, but the
Circuit Court Jury Make* Haste and
Agrees in Time to Get Away
for Dinner.
James H. Riley. a Civil War veteran
and an employe of the United States
quartermaster's department. was
knocked down and run over at Sixth
and Mission streets at 6 o'clock last
evening by a wagon driven by James
Williams, employed by the Western
Development Company. . The careless
driver refused to stop, but was over
taken at Sizth and Natoma streets
and reprimanded. Friends assisted
the injured soldier home.
<i\il War Veteran Injured.
SEALED VERDICT RETUKXED
IS PIERCE DAMAGE SUIT
Only two matches for the champion
ship of the California Association Foot
ball League will be played to-day in
stead of three, as usual. At 10:30 a. m.
the ball will be kicked off on the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds in the game be
tween the Thistle eleven and the In
dependent team. This will be the in
teresting match of the day and will
attract most attention from the lovers
of the game. \
At 2:30 In the afternoon the ball will
be kicked off in the match between
the Vampire and Occidental elevens on
the cricket ground at Webster street,
Alameda. A victory for the Vampire3
is almost a foregone conclusion and
this will bring their score in the league
championship table up to 13 points,
seven matches having been played.
If the Thistles win from the Inde
pendents they will have 12 points for
six matches and so will be in a slightly
better position than the Vampires. If,
however, the Thistles lose, they will
have 10 points for six matches and so
be a point behind the leaders. The In
dependents play a hard game and will
not be easy, to beat.
The game arranged to take place be
tween the second elevens of the Oak
land Hornets and the Vampires on the
cricket grounds at Alameda this morn-
Ing, beginning at 11 o'clock, has been
called off, as many of the members of
both teams are desirous of attending
the match between the Thistles and
Independents. The match between the
Oakland Hornets and the Albion Ro
vers, which was set for 2r30 p. m. to
day at Idora Park, Oakland, has been
called off.
In the opening round of matches for
the California Association Football
Union cup the Thistles will play against
the Pickwicks* on January 3 at the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds, Arthur Robin
son being the referee, with Henry Rob
erts and C. W. Irish as linesmen. On
Sunday, January 31, the Vampires will
meet the Independents and the Occi
dentals will play against the Oakland
Hornets. The Albion Rovers draw the
bye. In the second and semi-final
round the Albion Rovers and the win
ners of the Vampire-Indepenlent, Hor
net-Occidental and Thistle -Pickwick
matches will take part.
L. R. Gillchrest of the Albion Rovers
has been chosen assistant secretary of
the California Association Football
League, the work connected with which
Is too exacting to be performed by one
man.
Lovers of the Sport Will Gather to
Witness Struggle Between This
tles and Independents.
ONXY TWO ASSOCIATION
FOOTBALL GAMES TO-DAY
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— The Financier
this week says: The striking feature of
the official statement of the New York
Asscoiated Banks was, as was the case
in the previous week, the close corre
spondence in the gain of cash with the
estimated Increase in this item, which
estimate was based upon the traceable
movements of money during the week.
The large gain of cash would seem to
indicate that the average amount
brought over from the week ending De
cember 12, together with the average
receipts of gold from Europe last week,
had been fully reflected in the state
ment. The increase of cash reported !
in the bank return was J7.304.6OO, of
which $5,553,400 was specie; the esti
mates called for a gain of J6.931.700 as
the result of the movements. The de
posits increased $5,429,300, and the re
sulting gains in "reserve requirements
was $1,357,075. Deducting this sum from
the increase in cash leaves $5,947,525 as
the gain in surplus reserves to J14.025,
500. Calculated upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $35,829,800 public
funds, the surplus Is $23,232,950. The
statement showed a remarkably good
balance, the sum of the gain in cash,
less the decrease in loans, being only
$277,300 smaller than the increase in de
posits. Loans were decreased $2,153,600,
as was expected from the cancellation
of these on stock collateral during the
week. The daily average of bank clear
ings was $197,000,000, against $221,000,000
in the previous week, reflecting a
smaller volume of business. The clear-
Ings on Saturday, representing the ex
changes on the previous day, were
$194,834,886. The statement as a whole
may be regarded as a remarkably good
one. Comparisons of loans show that
seven of the larger banks reduced the
reserve by $2800 net. The increase of
cash by six Institutions was $6,80O;OO0.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 19.— Tom Pen
dergast, who fought "Kid" "Williams
last night before the Acme Athletic
Club, died this morning from the ef
fects of the beating he received. He
had been unconscious for several hours.
Williams was placed in jail at 6 o'clock
this morning.
Concussion of the brain is assigned as
the cause of death. A couple of yeais
ago Pendergast had his Jaw broken in
a fight with Mose Lafontise of Mon
tana.
Class KKig. ••Hallelujah; recitation. "Mother
Gooses Children," Juliet Hoy; recitation.
"Music In Camp." rixth grad* girls; recita
tion. "Just Before Christmas." Silas Spier;
duct from th» "Mascot," six boys and «lx
girls: recltatlrn. "Eaby Fir." Tissle Rotholz:
dialogue. "Charter Oak." B Sixth Grade: class
kohk, "Christmas Star"; "Hang Up Baby's
Stocking." Lenora Bredull. second grade; reci
tation. Mau'l Towle: hoop drill, sixth grade
girl*; recitation. "The Telephone Message."
H?dwig Jerichau: clasa song. "Gates of Para
di*fi": recitation. "Out to Aunt Mary's." Helen
Pickett: remarks by Mr. Lyser, principal of
the school: "America."
Jeremiah Deasy was present and
made an interesting and compllmentarj
speech. Those who received medals
were Clare Ton-bridge, Charles Chris
tin (John Swett) and Freda Ruben
stein (Denman).
On Thursday afternoon the pupils of
the sixth grade gave the following pro
gramme in a highly creditable manner:
A large audience assembled to hear
the graduating exercises of the class
of December, 1903, of the John Swett
Grammar School. The programme was
as follows:
Opening chorus. "Graduates' March'": *alu
tatory. Otto Schoenwald: recitation, "Good-by.
Old Yep.r." Haul; Humes: song. "The Lord
Is My Shepherd," class; recitation. "Our Du
ties to Our Country." Harry Langsdorf; reci
tation. "At the Concert." Grace Bramah: song.
"Stars and Strips Forever." seventh and
eighth grad<??: «s?a>-. "Rest." Frieda Ruben
stein: double duet. "I Live and Love Thee,"
Mary Bartlett, Ethel Eveleth. Grace Bramah
and Eva McLennan. Florence Freeman' accom
panist: recitation. "Clasp. Angel of, the Back
ward Look," Constance Lausten; recitation.
"Mrs. Caudle Wants Money for Spring
CIoth«s," Stella Franklin; song. "Larboard
Watch. Ahoy!" class: recitation, "The Voices
of War Heroes," Charles Christin; eolo, "Me«-
Fajee of the Rose." Otto Schoenwald; recita
tion. "Santa Clans a Humbug." Bella Gans:
song. "The Open Window." Seventh . and
Eighth grades: valedictory. Louise Lovln; pre
fentatlon of diplomas by principal; "Farewell
Song." graduates.
Xorah Kenny, Tessle Newman. Hazel Price,
Nettie Robertson, Alfred Veztna. We«ley Ar
mager, S. Braunsteln. A. Burllngame, Robert
Clyde. Ralph Deutsch. E. Ellsworth, Audley
Frclich, T. Fuglmoto. Howard Hoots, G. Hll
debrandt Bert Lawton. Melville Long. Lalve
Morten. 'Charles CKada. Frank Prosek.-Her
bert Spencer. Edwin Smith, Chester Skaggs.
Saul Saplro. A. Sherrer. Milton Wolff. Lawrle
Bullock, Ernest E«gebrecht. David Ingram.
Henry Miller. Celeste Ansell, Vera Crocker.
Loretti Ebner. Florence Eveletb. F. Eggers.
Elva Fulmer. Alta Gordon. B. Gardiner. H.
Hammond. Theresa Kane. E. Lacomy. B.
ilahorey. Irene Mocker. Lottie Neary. Edith
Sells, Martha Unger, A. Vodden. M. Woodman.
Angelica Wolff.
IIAN'COCK GRA3OIAR SCHOOL.
At the graduating exercises of the
Hancock Grammar School, M. E.
Blanchard principal, diplomas were is
sued as follows:
B. eighth grade. M. Babcock. teacher: Hon
orary—Mary Brizzolara. Ella Re tmer. George
Duddy. Charles Nerfdersen. Ethel Dolheguy.
A. eighth grade. M. Baboock. teacher: Hon
orary—Alice Maxwell. Paul CapMrro. Beatrice
Pltto. Joseph Handy. Frank Czarnlkl. Arthur
°T r i£Sfc ld Mls S M. G. Sullivan,
teacher: Honorary— Agnes Hansen. Nelchesa
Canevaro. Florence Duddy, Amelia Carosio.
A. seventh grade. MIss'f. E. Coleman
teacher: Honorary— Herbert LIndacher. Hdlth
Brlzzolaro. Mabel Canepa. Viola \S inter. Hilda
Jackson. Frances Tilford, Clara Orieb, Slrio
Arvigt. Ralph Creagh. - ' . '
B. sixth grade. Miss I* A. Peckham. teach
er- Honorary— Everard Olsen. Alice Saimiel
sen May Bartels. Robert Muir. Walter Rei
maiin. Theresa Dalmazzo. Edith Rahwyler
A. sixth grade. Miss S. Allen, teacher: Hon
orary—Julie Bert. Leon Cameto, Frieda West
phal. Ethel Brock. Emile Cuneo. Albert Franz.
Benjamin Kopf, Alvln Yerkelson.
A. slxrti grade. Miss Wcllner. teacher, honor
arv—Margaret Hanschen, Uzzle Porta, Erwln
Dames. Charles Paglla. Albert Jung. Laura
Relmers, Erna Nagel, Oscar Sturzinger, Evelyn
°B " fifth grade. Mrs. E. G. Williamson,
teacher, honorary— Willis Winter. Isabel Syl
via Dolce SegalL Rechetta Fontana, Alice
Rowland. Louise Bill, Amllta Muck, Nellie
Chick. Grace Rihder.
A. fifth grade. Mrs. M. Hooga teacher. hon
orary—Thomas Duffy. May Watts. Edna Kor
ten, Charles Helnze. Nicholas Marsalla. Ed
ward Betts. August Thorn. Johanna Hagedorn,
Christian Hansen, Bella Tevendale, Lena Rag
gio.
A, fifth grade. Miss M. T. Gleason. teacher,
honorary — Amadeo Podesta Mary Garrlta. Ar
thur Samuelson. William Coughlln, Edith Hll
debrand. >Henr>' Stortl.
B. fourth grade. Miss M. A. Wright, teacher,
honorary — George Glmbel, George Tardltl. Ern
est Smith. Chester Cramer, Frances Gurtler.
Mabel Hill. Ralph Roscaccl. Alex Egmard. L:l
llo Esposto. Lisa Kuchler, Ermlnla Picasso.
JOHN SWETT GRA3IMAR.
The list of graduates follows:
The graduating exercises of the
Crocker Grammar School, W. H. Ed
wards principal, were held last Thurs
day. Relatives and friends of the grad
uates were present in numbers and
greatly enjoyed the programme, which
was as follows:
••America," P. H. O. A. Band: ton*. "Star
spangled Banner." graduating school, music
under direction of Mias Carpenter; "Words of
Welcome," lilva t Fulmer; ''Forest Flowers
Waltz." Milton Stverstone (violin). Bert Law
ton (truitarj. David Ingram (zither): recitation.
"Easter Morning," hazel Hammond: piano
solo, "Godard's Valae," Teasle Newman; sons,
"You'll ltemeraber* Ale." yuariei; reciunioi;.
"A Puzzled Dutchman." Lottie Neary; sons,
•Noel," by A. A. Macurda. Deputy Superin
tendent: Bongr, "The Heavens Are Telling," by
graduating class; "Class Poem." Martha Un
ger; song, "Lullaby." quartet; closing re
marks. Alta Gordon; song, "Auld Lang ayne."
by graduating class; address to graduating
class. T. L. Heaton. Deputy Superintendent;
presentation of Denman medals to Ernestine
Lacomy. Annabille Vodden. Alta Gordon and
Norah Kenny; presentation of Bridge medals
to T. Fuglmoto, Amador Sherrer. Sam Braun
¦teln, Laurie Bullock; presentation of diplomas.
Expected on Account of Can
cellations on Stock List
Loans Were Decreased as Was
Talented Graduates Entertain
Parents and Friends With
Music and' Clever Essays
Concussion of Brain Ends Life
of One of the Participants
in a Prizering Battle
ARREST AT THE CAPITAL
SLIGHT DROP IN VOLUME
SPECIAL EXERCISES HELD
Bank Statement for Week Pre
sents an Encouraging Situa
tion,' Considering Conditions
Diplomas Are Given Scholars
for Conscientious Study Dar
ing the Last Six Months
Tom Pendergast, Who Engaged
' in a Prizefight With "Kid"
Williams, Passes Away
BRIGHT PUPILS
ARE REW ARDED
GOOD SHOWING
FOR FINANCES
BLOWS CAUSE
BOXER'S DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, SUNDAY, DECEMBER . 20, : 1903.
47
ADVT-iTTSE-rENTS.
* _______________________________
25 CENTS
\ ft • F"or one of the finest cylinder records you ever heard hav» leil
some of our customers to Infer that this is a special pric« for an
'n^'rior record, but v.e wish to assure you it is a much better rec-
ip^fSflPffi"*^ ord than thos? formerly sold at f>0 centa each. This record Is th?
1 ti ™y refult of 13 years" experiment and research into the principle of
jMW^^L. »ound reproduction In the finest and most extensive and complete
w-rffinffiffliff J**i-w irii— Uboratorv in existence devoted to this work. Do not ray more
than 23 cents for a cylinder record. You will find these better than any 60-cent record
, In your collection. The same magnificent results of our work are shown In our disc rec-
ords selling: at 60 cents each for the 7-lnch and $1.00 for the lp-lnch size — $3.00 and $10.00
per dozen, respectively. And the Grand Opera records of suclt famous people as Edouard
De Reszke, Suzanne Adams and others at $2.00 each.
A dozen record, with or without a machine makes a most acceptable Christmas pres-
ent. To residents of the city we are pleased to extend the benefit of our easy payment plan,
by which you have the use of the machine" while paytngr'for lt. ! , For the convenience of our'.
patrons oUr store will be kept open evenings until Christmas.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.
125 Geary St, San Francisco. 468 13th St, Oakland.
DOMESTIC POSTAGE IX-
CL.UDES AIX POINTS IN
TnE XNITED STATES,
MEXICO, HAWAIIAN ISL-
ANDS, PHILJPPINES, POR-
TO RICO, CANADA AND
GUAM.
3IAH. THIS SOtPTTOUS
PAPER TO YOUR FRIENDS
IN THE EAST AND
ABROAD.
POSTAGE OX THE
CHRISTMAS CALL
5 CENTS DO3LESTIC.
10 CEIXTS FOREIGN.
ABVEBTTSEJEENTS.
V ~Tk!!e I mi»ht writh «*5U&1 «ucce««
7 turn ccy attention to th» cure of all
bodily ailments. I fefl sefer In con-
f.ninc rcy prarttc* to the <lisea»*s
that have clairrcd rr.y entire time ar>4
energy !n mastering for the past IT
year*. My methoda cf trea.Ur.jj ir.en
*_, are a rssult of ray o-rn «tudy and ex-
perience. Thfy are the methods that
have tnade me & Fuceessrul epecialiet.
¦ati ar» pr*ctrc»<5 by no ph>sician other
than nty-elf. Failure by them ti aa
InpenjUUtjr.
Weakness
A c'J'««Ur>n of restoring the pro«tate
r *¦'*. to It* normal state, and th'.a I
accoecpl_h promptly aad completely.
My treatment •« a local one entirely.
It 1« ertirinal and sclenllfle. and ha«
been proven absclutely «2ectl\-« by*
thousand* cf tests. I am convinced
that by no other methods can fu'.l and
1 complete reatcratlon of strength aad
\ vig-cr b<! accomplished.
0 O
SB. O. C. JOS LEST S
The Leading: Specialist. H
6 O E
1 Ky fees are fair; my cures 1 j
I are pen-ecect; 70a caa pay] M
i «-_c_ cured.' 1 H
O O B
Gonorrhoea |
Th;» Is or.e cf the Clmses I cure by B j
my own modem methods. I use a «pe- E3
• «-iaI irrigation system in my practice. I
t and aitcFfcthor new devices for tnstal- H
laricw. I cure Goncrrboea PERMA- N
i NCNT—T in from 3 to lrt days. I am H
able to <lo this liecatise. J frequently ex- B
aroine t:ie canal by meats of a email H
elcxtrif licht end am enabled to treat B .
ea<-h <::-•::-¦.¦ 1 part sepa~ately and Intel- ¦ '
liirer.t!y. Follcwlnr ray treatment there fa
ere no afu>r resull«. There Is no Uric- B
lure to fear, nnd no chronic condition l|
<*ometlnies ca!ied £'.*«-) ever occurs. M
X also cure with the tame tin- H ¦
~aryl_r success Z»c*t Ma nhood. H
Sexsi_al ¦Weakness. Spermator- it
rhoea. v^ricccele. Diseases of the Rf
Prostate Gland, Unnatural bosses, I]
Strict— re. Costaglo—s Blood Poison F
and all Diseases common to Men. H
Coas— It-tion aad advice free. It
Home Treatment |
If always certain ami eattsfactory. My If
; ; <~<— yrishte«J pamphlet, "_lv# All Tour H
, T<>»re a Man." free at office or by E
h DR.O. C. JOSLEIM U
I Ccr. ZI-rket aad Keaxsy Streets. H
t Private jjntrance— T02 Market St. H
Office Hsur»— Week fiaye, 9 a n. to 8 E
p. m. ; EtiS—iya. 9 a. m. to i p. ta. n
ADVERTISEMENTS.
..CASH OR CREDIT..
\ VOL 1^ CREDIT IS GOOD !
i*/p arc complete House Furnishers- Hotels. Hats or Country
»VI_ Houses. Estfm.tes cheerfully given.
SANITARY MATTRESS—siinch box, white cotton or ex- tf9 7C
celsior; a great bargain; this week *pD»t J
|g_f||||fe CobblerRocker (T^p^
TjBtSl , 1 1 1 r jf^r A suitable Xmas gift;
I \) K* ill - genuine leather seat; T spin- Wt/> f V&
J © I'LvlvLfc' 1 dies in back: nicely carved; £j ' /j^v\
» Vt*"*f L regular $5.00 value, this ri})^ _\ *J) F\
Dressing Table M TPj
; r f^^^^^^^^^X rtzr.o finish. Frer.cn plate Ik V !»,._, B B
t n / /fr^Jtr-—^_ \\ rr.irror. curved leps. 1 draw- I VtiO^Ei B
I f>V/fcs-Ji_S*_r^^^i\ *" r; 1n mahogany or birdseye I lj ¦*-* I |
${6.00
1 rfifrlftvcpSvftK- Very comfortable:
I X^ " H^*%.* 5^^^"=^7^ ° nt co:orings; re S u ' £r
Iron Bed £__^fe%!
3-4 a*a 4-4 US-: br«« \ fffl V?\ k
i » _X^"V""'\__ X Jmcbe; a, r~>3 substantial /• \ " \fj
j w""^ _* bed: re s--— T * 50 °: thls y\> i\
_fjy?y>\__ 9x C2 CA Ml $ ffl&X W\
TT'^^555 :; __jr^>>'7 Fr*r.?h r!at» talrror; a S
1 $13.50 IL-^Jiateoij *•
DeuveW T. BRILLIANT v °l
,oT'm,es FURNITURE CO. *.»
338-342 POST STREET.
MisciJ— -jrrous.
*..'¦'¦ -. .:¦¦'. ***jR~ti*Tf,?R;' < - ¦:°"~ ¦"•"¦. '-¦;.. ...¦¦. . s *. : . *,. .—ii £jjEjRK RJ lsirfl?^ ¦ ' • • i
¦ '-?'*'¦ '¦'¦•'• :'¦¦' *- - iH*HHr\*t^y* >^',' : .' Si ' : i ' - - *•'¦ *'" ' ' ' "^ _^*L— faL^€l*y^y ' ¦¦¦?¦. ¦ '
A NOVEL APPARATUS FOR SAVING GOLD.
From Mariposa County to Sisklyou. I mented graveL Several have been built
and extending into Oregon, there exists and used, demonstrating their VJiTtsct
an almost continuous of gravel ffi??^"?,^-^.^^ ffiS
known to miners as the 'Blue Lead. of crushln | must be employed, as a
which is. more properly speaking, tee large per cent of the materials (ths
bed of an old river, or river's channel, boulders constituting: fully *0 per cent)
that contains gold in quantities that, if la dead material. The Krogh Gravel Mill
possible to be recovered, would enrich operates on the principle of disintegration
the world by millions of dollars. These and the boulders are employed to wor_
bodies of gravel are frequently found In against themselves, and by contact wear
the old gravel mines and In many in- away and reduce to pulp the finer partl-
stances have formed the false bedrock of cles of gravel which adhere to them.
1 placer mines. So firmly cemented is the The mill is cylindrical in form and may
I gravel that the. largest "giants" under be likened to a barrel hexagonal in
the heaviest pressure are unable to dls- shape. The six sides consist of parallel
' integrate It and separate the gold. bars, or "grixzlles." through which ths
; Chunks of cemented gravel will travel material drops when reduced sufficiently
! for miles In sluiceways without separat- fine. It comes in contact with, a mesh
ing into fine enough particles to release and If then fine enough drops through
the gold. Under favorable conditions onto an amalgamating table. If not of
gravel containing only 5 cents per cubic the right consistency to pass the screen,
yard can be mined at a profit. Cemented it is returned to the revolving mass of
gravel usually is the richest ground in material and ground still finer. The mill
the mine, and millions of tons now lying is about six feet long and four feet
exposed and ready for use in California wide, with the feed entrance at ona end
will run from 50 cents to %2 SO a ton. and discharge for waste material at ths
Mining men for years have been taxing ether, the workable material passing oat
their brains to devise sc*ne method at the sides. It has been shown under
whereby this great wealth might be re- working test that these mills, weighing
1 covered, but only recently has a satlsfac- only about seven tons, will readily dls-
j tory nnd thoroughly practical method Integrate ten tons per hour, -forking un-
' been devised. der ten horsepower and revolving about
The Krogh Gravel' Mill. Invented and twenty-eight turns per minute. Full
manufactured in this city^tneets every particulars of this mill can be obtained
requirement in satisfactorily working at from th« Krogh Manufacturing Com-
pmall cost and in large quantities ce- pany. 519 Market street.
. g ADVERTLSE31ENTS.
U-fnr -»— * Tp K STOMACH, BOWEL AND KIDNEY
\l _L_r t_* DISEAScS CURED QUICKLY,
If IPi O PERMANENTLY AND CHEAPLY
¥ iJ JL1L BY ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY.
.. R«a_ w_»t Mrs. J— 11» A. _Utc_e_ et
P^3|&?p?'si'~-- ¦• • " •'¦ .. - ¦«; _ » ** 930 TUt— «t-, O»-l— ad, «ay« •'bout _er
p^^j^^j-jffHPWQ_>rfifPfcfllp ' ¦ Mr*. Mitchell s_y-: "I had suS?r»di
»^_»iPtH '•^T 1 *'- « EC5___ ? with a severe liver and stomach trouble
ililili_ffiP^ V ' '^sHif' * *"¦ ; te^iJV™* were -rorsejthan my pains.
9 IBiiB^^lBfeS^rgi-*^'%^' ' . - ', | sheer desperation, I went to the Electro-
E|^^^^!^^^^ ,, ¦ Jsk;'* * . methods t^.at I at once decided to tak^
> a relief. Indeed."
MRS. JULIA A. —TCHELL. tS1 * n ' t d T J Q T — ta a WT-ffiT 1^
•" ««h SU Oakland. «**,* %& fe.'ggg'feu.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES PAINLESSLY AND
WITHOUT OPERATION
Cancer. Ttunor*. TTlcer*. Z.npns. Co_«u_ipttc_, _>e_f_«« and H««4 »<'_»••• <*•-
S-t_T _£•__*_—. K-uralrla, Disease* of t_» Byes. Paralysis ani _oc«aotor
£3_, W.x^Wea^es!n_£H.r-o_. Debility. Piles. IUMi **&^tecta. »U-
«aies. _iv«r. Stomach and Kidney and Bowel TxouMn. aad t_e Special DU-
eases of Men and Women. .
HOME TREATMENT.
to Some toour office for a thorou«h personal examination. In most Instances ths
SaHw _S3Ks sSs&s i?_*g2«*wF *%%& :
toms and full instructions will be promptly forwarded for home examlna_oa
and treatment.
FREE ,rs;iJELECTRO - GHEMIC
All sufferers who are tired of being IMOTlTliTC
sick, those who have worn out their 1 111 JV I I I II I f
stomachs swallowing- drurs. those who | ||U | | | W I _¦
have found from bitter experience that ~t
h h e !p*h^^ h «e%°n f vited% t o n come do to n u o s 118 6RAHT AVENUE, COR. POST ST.
ffw^e^^!S_SSitr? r \eff l SAN fRANCISCO.
Come Q at r once, n°o W ma a «er wfit iSb^EE Office hours. » a. m. to I p. m. and T to
neS is and no matter how lone you have S p. m. dally. Sundays 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
be" ale-! nor how many treatments you Separate apartments for ladies and cen-
! taay have used without beln« cured. tlemen.
«STOP AND READ! I
A PURELY VEGETABLE CURE FOR %
Dypsomanio, Morphine, Chloral* j>
; Cocalnr. Opium, Tobacco and All g
and Drug Habits |
WILL0WBABKC0. 1
|| Sanitarium— 1839 Polk St., San Francisco, Cal. \
!; From Ferry Depot Take Jackson-street Car.* From Third aad Townsend <
J' . Take Third-street Car. Transfer to Clay West.
;j . S_HT» 70S TESTTMO-TIAX. BOO-XST.
j| Address DS. A. B. BAElf __, Msdical Director. Phone Hyde 1S33. ;
I Ccrzespo-deac* Solicited. ' ',
/£ ' ¦ - * . . . ¦ - • - cMartin Regensberger, executor of the
will of the late Emma K. Loring, the
eccentric woman who died in a myster
ious manner In her Sacramento-street
home last June, yesterday filed an an
swer to the contest of Mrs. Loring's
will brought by Johanna Reeder of New
York, who claims to be a sister of the
deceased and who says she is the Jo
hanna "Rieder" mentioned in the will.
The answer is a complete denial of all
the charges set up by Mrs. Reeder in
her opposition to the probate of the
will.
The disputed will of Mrs. Loring left
all her property to her daughter, the
late Emma May Attenborough, whose
death followed close upon that of her
mother." When she offered the^will for
probate there was" no opposition, • but
shortly. after her death, when her hus
band George Attenborough applied for
letters of administration upon her es
tate, which included the property left
her by Mrs. Loring, Mrs. Reeder op
posed the petition. She claimed that
she, as the sister of Mrs. Loring. was
entitled to the estate and advanced the
charge th'at Mrs. Attenborcrogh was not
the daughter of the deceased. She al
leged further that the will under which
Mrs. Attenborough inherited the Lor
ing estate was a void document, be
cause it had written across its face and
under the signature of the deceased the
word "canceled."
In dealing with these charges Regens
berger avers that Mrs. Reeder's allega
tions are without proof. He says that
she has not shown that she is the
"Rieder" mentioned in the will, nor
has she shown that she is entitled ta
any consideration as the sister of Mrs.
Loring. "Mrs. Lorins." says the an
swer, "never had a sister."
It is also averred in the answer that
the opponent of the will has not estab
lished her claim of the right to use the
name Reeder or- "Rieder," and says
that "neither in law nor equity has
she a right to the names."
HOLIDAY EXCURSION.
Paso Robles Hot Springs and Return.
Round-trip- ticketr to Paso Robles will be
only $7 20. This makes It easy for all to pas*
a few days at this charminsr resort. Fine
drives through delightful country, invigorating
air of »ea and mountain, brilliant sunshine,
mud baths or in hot springs, faultless fare and
service of the famous hotel. For reservations
apply to W. A. JUNKER, lessee and manager,
Paso Robles Hot Springs. Cal. • . . , . . *
ATTACHES JEWELRY IX
HANDS OF CHIEF WITTMAN*
Levy Is the 1 Result of an Oil Stock
Transaction, Which Will Be
Aired In Court.
A writ of attachment in the sum
of $1855 was served yesterday at the
instance of Mrs. A. Freese on certain
jewelry belonging to Mrs. A. L. Smith
and now in the hands of Chief of Po
lice Wittman. The writ is the out
come of an oil stack transaction in
which Mrs. Smith induced Mrs.
Freese to purchase certain shares of
the Gray Gander Oil Company, which,
it is now alleged, are worthless. Mrs.
Smith is now in Washington in con
nection with the oil stock transactions
in that State. Suit was instituted in
the Superior Court by Mrs. Freese in
this city against her for the recovery
of the money paid for the stock and
the jewelry belonging to Mrs. Smith
was levied upon in the event that
judgment is obtained by Mrs. Freese.
The Poppy Cafe. 134 Mason St., a pop
ular-price coffee and chop house, opens
for business to-day. •
Men loathe truth when it means a
loss to 1 them.
Avers That It Has Not Been
Shown She Is tlie Person
Named in the Testament
SAYS CLAIMS AKE INVALID
Will Denies All Charges
Made by the Contestant
T » i
Executor of Mrs. Loring's
MRS. REEDER'S
SUIT ANSWERED
"JACK HUGGER"
RUNS BIG RISK
Depraved^ Freak Persists in
Pursuing Young Women
in* the t - City of Colleges
FOLLOWS "HELLO" GIRLS
Miss ¦Laura Kern .and Miss
Lena McKeown Are Fright
ened by Strange Degenerate
BERKELEY, - Dec. 19.— "Jack the
; Hugger" is taking big risks these days
and stands a very good chance of being
tarred and feathered and ushered out
of town astride of a sticky pole with
citizens on each end of it. "Jack" has
been getting bolder and bolder of late
and now carries on his operations in
the very heart of town, where it is
easier to get victims. Up to this time
he has not succeeded in getting his boa
constrictor arms around anybody, but
he is persevering.
"Jack's" latest victims are Miss
Laura Kern and Miss Lena McKeown,
both young "hello" girls employed in
the local telephone office. Miss Kern
was followed twice by the man, once
on Thursday night . and again last
night, and only, because she is a fast
runner did she escape the insistent fel
low. Miss McKeown escaped his im
portunities because she was accompan
ied by her brother.
The man is evidently acquainted with
the movements of the girls, for he has
made it a point to meet them on their
way home after they are dismissed
from the office at U o'clock. £ On
Thursday night' he was standing in
front of the office when the girls came
out and joined Miss Keown's brother.
Last night he intercepted Miss Kern
whilo she was on her way home alone.
"The man followed us all along Shat
tuck avenue to University avenue,"
said Miss Kern to-day. "Then he fol
lowed me down University avenue to
my home at No. 2005. I saw him com
ing after me and ran. He ran, too, but
I managed to escape him and get into
my door first. He turned then and ran
back after Miss McKeown, but she was
still with her brother and he did not
molest them.
"L,ast night I saw the same man
standing on the corner of University
and Shattuck avenues. He followed me
a little distance down University ave
nue, but I became frightened and
sought the protection of a woman
standing on the corner. She walked to
my door with me and the man lingered
behind, but he did not attempt to mo
lest us."
Miss McKeown said that after she
left Miss Kern Thursday night she
saw the man following her and re
marked the circumstance to her
brother. They stood at the corner,
however, until they saw Miss Kern get
safely Into her ' door and then went
home. ¦ That was. the,, last she saw of
the man.
The girls' description of the man
agrees with that of the man who has
been operating around town lately. He
is described as tall and brawny and
wears an overcoat and derby hat.
WOULD SETTLE FUTURE
TROUBLES WITHOUT WAK
Prominent Californians Invited to At
tend Arbitration Conference to
Be Held at Washington.
The National Arbitration Commit
tee has Issued a call for a conference
to be held at Washington. January
12, 1904, to promote the adoption of
a treaty with Great Britain and the
United States, agreeing to resort to
The Hague tribunal for the settle
ment of internaitnola disputes ex
cept in certain cases. This commitr
tee has especially invited the follow
ing citizens of California to attend the
conference:
Horace Davis, member of the Na
tional Arbitration Committee; Presi
dent Benjamin I. Wheeler, President
David Starr Jordan, John Garber, F.
M. Angellotti. William Babcock, Oar
ret W. McEnerney, Charles Page,
James D. Phelan, Franklin K. Lane.
A committee of prominent citizens
will be called together here In the
near future to give public expression
to the 'sympathy felt with such a
movement.
Native Sons' Christmas.
Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West will, on next Tues
day night, have its Christmas part>
for members in Shasta Hall, Native
Sons' building, when there will -be "'a
barrel of fun," as the presents taken
from the tre,e are handed out to the
members.
Presidio Parlor of the same order
will have a Christmas tree party in
Steimpke's Hall on Octavia street, neai
Union, for the members and theii
families on Wednesday evening next.
The tree will be loaded ,with gifts for
the little ones and in addition there
to there will be an evening of pleas
ant entertainment for the adults.
Prisoners Sentenced.
Samuel Holmes, who was convicted
by a jury in Judge Dunne's court on a
charge of robbery, was sentenced yes
terday to serve ten years in San Quen
tin. He and Joseph Thompson and
Frank Williams snatched a purse from
Miss Emily Figuera at Post and
Leavenworth streets on the night ol
September 26. Thompson and Wil
liams pleaded guilty. Joseph V. Woods
who pleaded guilty in Judge Cook's
court to a charge' of assault with at
tempt to commit robbery, was sen
tenced to serve two years in S.an Quen
tin. He attempted to hold tip Petei
Stepovich in his restaurant on Tayloi
street on the morning of February 15
Commercial Travelers.
Golden Gate Council No. 80 of the
United Commercial Travelers, an as
sociation which numbers about 40C
members, has arranged to stage "Lift
on the Road" at the Alhambra on th<
night of December 30. The commit
tee in charge announces that this wii:
not only be an interesting but a most
amusing performance. •¦'"''*-.
Genuine, electric and real Astrakhan
combination fur capes. 14 inches .deep,
all satin lined, worth $18.00, now selling
for $10.00. at Kelly ' & Llebes* • Cloak
House. 120 Kearny street. • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, , DECEMBER' 20, 1903.
. The Theta Delta Chi fraternity held
a banquet last evening at one of the
downtown hotels In honor of the presi
dent of the fraternity. Dr. Rudolf
Tombo. who ia at present making an
official visit "to the chapters at Berke
ley and Stanford. Dr. Tombo is a pro
fessor and registrar of Columbia Uni
versity. The banquet was attended by
about fifty gentlemen, representing
Eastern colleges and universities, and
the two California universities. The
toasts were responded to by Howell C.
Brown, Shirley C. Walker, W. A. Cross
man, George W. Haight, Olin Well-
Theta Delta Chi Banquet.
Wants Administrator Suspended
A petition to suspend the powers of
Davidie Demartini as administrator of
the $5200 estate of Gerolamo Demar
tini wa3 filed yesterday by Giovanni
Demartini, a brother of the decedent.
The suspension ia sought on the .
ground that the administrator is abus-1
ing his authority and has instituted
actions that if allowed to proceed will
render of little value the claims to
the estate of certain heirs of Demar
tini, who reside in Italy.
born Jr.. Dr. John R. Clark. Howard
"Wayne, St. John E. McCormick and
Dr. Rudolf Tombo.
48
bULUiwlESIAiLiM; w&
BCGxsvzsra f act g xtzghts
HOBDAY l*t\<y ¦ 2 MATIWEES
SPECIAL 2ZATXVZE CEE1S7JIAS.
F. C. WHITXKir PtUCtHZSYX
Th« Queen of Rinsing Cn3ieiiitanf«.
LULU
GLASER
In £Xi.T,g* ard Edw-eris" Daimy Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN.
Beginning MONDAY Dec. 2«
SSSS, THE GIRL
wni.
S^ 1 " WITH THE
&T CREEM EYES
Strong Cast of San Francisco Favorites.
Including if. i
TDA. COKQXrEST,
ROBERT S20UET,
3CRS. THOMAS WHZFFEZT.
SEATS READY NEXT -HURSDAY.
High-Class Specialties Ererj Afternoon and
Erening in the Heated Theater.
THE JUVENILE VAUDEVILLIANS; THE
BRITTONS; ESMERALDA: CARTER AND
1IENDEL: VERA CHANDON aad NEW
* UOVIXG PICTURES.
J THE BABIES IN THE INFANT, INCU-
BATORS.
BAXASBYAS IK TEE ZOO!
XiOtm of Fan ia the Penny Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
. Prom the CH.R1STMAS TREE
fcr AIX CHILDREN Friday Afternoon.
AT f*\ A rj A T3 Belasco & Miyer.
ALL AZ Aiu ssaa?
General Manager.
! MATINEE TO-DAY-TO-NIGHT.
j THE PLAY THAT THP.ILLS '
j TMt CIRl I LtTT BEHIND ML
OPK.VS TO-MORROW NIGHT !
A WONDERFUL PRODUCTION OF
BLUE Never
JEANS ! w 5ut!
The Apple Qrchard. the Brars Band, the Pet
Bull Calf, the Barbecue, the Santa Claus
Scene. th» "$ hri "fn« Bum Saw Sensation
3 MATS.— SAT.. SUN. AND XMAS
Kvenicgs. 'Be to 75c; Matinees. 15c to 50c.
Monday, Jan. 4 -"A Lady of Quality.'
CENTRALS
Belasco & Mayer. Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
THE SCOUT'S REVENOE
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES CHRISTMAS (FRIDAY), SATUR-
DAY AND SUNDAY.
The Musical Extravaganza
ALPHONSE AND GASTON
Richest. Raciest. Cleverest of All
Vaudeville Specialties in Every Act.
Chorus of Forty "Birdie" Girls.
PDirpC Evening* 10c to B0«
rmWES Matinees 10c. lSc? 25o
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO BY AUTOMOBILE.
Rates Less Than Carrlaga Hire.
Gall MOBILE Carriage Go.
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN NESS AVES.
- Phones Larkln • 3841. Polk SOSO.
Downtown office. Lobby Palace Hotel. Phon«
Bush 839.
You caa secure these cart at the offlc of any
hotel or cafe. Open nljht and day.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I FIBROID TUMOR^CURED. «
Mrs. Hayes* First Letter Appeal-
ing to Mrs. Pinkham for Help:
" Deab Mbs. Piukham : — I have been
under Boston doctors' treatment for a
long time without any relief. They
tell me I have a fibroid tumor. I can-
not sit down without great pain, and
the soreness extends up my spine. I
have bearing-down pains both back
and front. My abdomen is swollen,
and I have had flowing spells for three
years. My appetite is not good. I can-
not walk or be on my feet for any
length of time.
" The symptoms of Fibroid Tumor
Siren in your little book accurately-
escribe my case, so I write to you for
adrice." — (Signed) Mrs. E. F. Hayes,
252 Dudley St. (Roxbury), Boston, Mass.
Mrs. Hayes* Second Iietter:
"Deab Mrs. Piskham: — Sometime
ago I wrote to you describtngtny symp-
toms and asked your advice. You re-
plied, and I followed all your direc-
tions carefully, and to-day I am a well
woman.
"The use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound entirely ex-
pelled the tumor and strengthened my
whole By.stem. I can walk miles now.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound is worth five dol-
lars a drop. I advise all women who
are afflicted with tumors or female
trouble of any kind to give it a faithful
trial." — (Signed) Mrs. E. F. Hates,
252 Dudley St (Roxburv). Boston, Mass.
— 95000 forfeit If original of above letters proving
genuineness cannot be produced ¦, \ ¦-,
AMUSEMENTS.
IWOLI'SSSS.
CORNER MASON AND EDDY STS.
GRAND OPENING
Wednesday Evening. December 23, 1903. .
<
! MATINEES SATURDAYS. CHRISTMAS AND
j . NEW YEARS,
j Elaborate Production of the Magnificent Holi-
day Spectacle,
/ . A. jv A
i jyr 1 A J
"THE WHEELMAN"
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza in I
Three Acts.
Great Cast! L*nequal?d Chorus! Scores of
Prptty Girls! Bothwell Browne's Beautiful
Ballet! Sumptuous Scenery and
GORGEOUS. TRANSFORMATION.
"Excelsior," or '"The Triumph of Light."
Usual Popular Prices 25c, 50c. 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1
Seata Now on Sale at Old Tivoli.
pAblFQRNlJV]
V| ONE MO.iE WEEK |M
The Enormous Success,
FOXY |2ss. I
GRANDPA I «"«s™* s - \
ii§ Joseph Hart .
p Carrie De Mar
NEXT— ARE YOU A MASON?
Week Beginning MATINEE TO-DAY.
Benefits in Aid of the
WIDOWS 1 AND ORPHANS' FUND,
SAN FRANCISCO FIRE DEPARTMENT.
The Clever Eastern • Soubrette
MAY STOCKTON
And Strong Supporting Company, in the Sen-
sational Melodrama,
A LITTLE OUTCAST
And tha One-Act Drama.
•HOW TO FIGHT A FIRE. OR THE LIFE
OF A SAN FRANCISCO FIREMAN."
Characters by, Members of the R F. Fire De-
partment and Police Force. .¦ -
EXTRA MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
"What makes you look so happy?"
A*ked the man, morose and blue-
"That's easy," said his grinning friend.
"I've Jnst «een
"Go Thou and Do Likewise," and See a Splen-
did Production of a Great Musical Comedy i
Our "All Star" Cast, Including Kolb and
Dill. Winneld Blake. Maudo Amber, Georgia
O'Raroey. Ben T. Dillon. Althea Twin Sisters.
Allen Curti* (his first appearance.)
Our Grand Chorus of Fifty Beautiful Voices.
Magnificent Costumes and Novel Stage Effects.
Reserved Seats — 75c. 60c and 25c . i
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. 25c and 50c.
BPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY.
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
/gZZ&rlSj&jr' STEINWAY HALL,
monstrate power of
i£33&g£kffi&% *3L - AIso Physic Manifesta-
Ticket*. 25c. 50c.
Weekly CalL:$li)er^ear
ADVEB.TTSEME2TTS. •
H Furs for Xmasj—
Every Good Kind Is Here and at a Lower Price Than
the Same Grade Can Be Bought for Anywhere Else
SEALSKIN JACKETS $125 to $350
ASTRflKHAN f m g&&' S^'S.i" VLrSi] NEARSEAL
lAplCrT^ beauty and grace giving fit. as nrwcTC
JAUI\£I5 -they are for the protection!- JACKETS
$32.50 to $65.00 i^f** 8^ 1^' 0^^"" 1^^! $25.00 to $55.00
PERSIAN LAMB JACKETS $90 to $225
"^^ INECKFURS .
The ermines and sables — aristocrats
W that they are— insist on having quarters
fc?5a • ]*'* themselves. Ev^ry one iswa?:? ng
it's ta'i as if it knew it 'would be a
Christmas g it in lss than a week.
While Fox Boas . S10 and S15
HgmgSgftiragk SabU-Djcd Fox Boas .... $7.50 ta S57.53
BBSSS&ESlSmmk Isab8||a F « Bo « S7 - 50 13 S55
imMW?i$&' Wm Red Fox Baas S10 to S35
¦ ffirWBSSSSl BEack Foi Boas S10 to S55
J^^m^^^eL^M ' f Opossum Boas S15 to S17.59
MSBRjBBryS^m Heck P i8cM • • • Jt - 00 to S35 ?
V i i^Ss Oar Half Yearly Clearance Sala of
Wf\*m « f/*iP Women's Suits, Jackets. SXirtj, Waists
iL&m ~ \ ' S A\h ¦¦ *n4. Petticoats off«rs tsure biobc-mt-
J^iW \~^^ s Utk ' Ing 'uppurtualties to those wbo bellev*
y^^r "|g ¦ ta tctvta.se .useful Clirlstmas . presents.
. ,;¦_...;' Open ETcatesf* Until Clxzistisas.
iHP^^* Mr* I L3 K a I ;/* li 8 «>T^\ w BV1 IJ fc^U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffTtMKLEs. rsuotv I <^m^^^^m 1
4#9fZAJiay mum X^^^.'JsB^^mM
jtarrjr jxajz/cs. \Xk£& AH&M&iw/l
SAT.4ZJ: vox. ysr~ \S*^^^mgwr/ I
i H'srsfcnrr cvrrrxo- • ;"¦ .,..
SSAS£ACr£. £££CrAfCfry OJt
SZ£/>/dJME ' 3/*£CTAZ jP£sro*r—
: srAAT/ojv r/r/s w££/r ~ call o/t
1 T*at/T£
DRL WILLIAMS
1 369 Sutter Street
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other, facial blemisbes are cemoved by
DR. and MRS. A, W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-20. with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
PalflfP DON'T FAIL TO
laiUWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
p j PALM ROOM, the
llfftfid LOUIS XV PAR-
• U1 ttIIU LOR, and the LA-
U J. 1,. DIES' WRITING
I Hotels I room.
AMT7SEMSNTS.
Racing!^^^^?Racinff!
EVERT WEEK DAT, RAIN OR SHINE..
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAT, December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend • streets a.t
1:15 p. m. and leaves the .track immediately
after the last race. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies' and their
escorts,' -¦ ¦ .-..•-¦ »-¦' . ¦ ¦ • - - . . i
THOMA8 H. WILLIAMS. PrwUdent.
PERCY VT. TREAT. Secretary. ,
Kearny and Slitter Sts. C\^
CHOICEST
HOLIDAY GOODS
If you are in doubt what ,to buy, pay us a visit — all our
departments are replete with the newest, richest and choicest
of articles that cannot fail to facilitate selections. We submit
SOME HELPFUL SUGGESTIONS
Gloves Toilet Sets / •.". Leather Goods
Neckwear Art Linens Silverware
Handkerchiefs Cushions ' . ' Gun Metal Novelties
Feather Boas Silk Petticoats Ebony Goods
Umbrellas Eiderdown Goods Neck Chains
. Spangled Fans Fancy Hosiery Table Covers
Shell Combs Waists and Suits Linen Table Sets
Sale of Art Ware
1/4 Off Regular JPrices
Here are thousands of articles appropriate for Christmas
gifts. No one who is a connoisseur of the artistic can fail to
enthuse over these exquisite: Bronzes, Curios in Fancy. Metal
and Art "Glassware, which we are offering in this safe —^all
25 per cent, less than regular marked prices.
Real Bronze Statuettes.... .........$5.80 to $101.25
Formerly $7«75 to |i35.oo ;
Bronze Electroliers !;.... ;...$T.5O to $48.75
Formerly $xo.od tor $65.00 • - :
Bronze Cabinet Ornaments. ...*;.........i45c to $12.00
Former I jr*6oc'to $i6Too
Choice Objects of Art ....................$1.50 to $18.00
Formerly $2.00 to $24.00 ,.
Novelty Liqueur Sets : $3.00 to $18.75
Formerly $4-00 to $25.00
Bohemian Glassware .1..... T5c to $33.75
Formerly $1.00 to $4500
Hand-Carved Glassware $2.25 to $13.50
Formerly ¦ $3.00 to $18.00
Unique Vases and Bowls.... 35c to $11.25
Formerly 50c to $15.00
Fancy Smoking Sets 95c to $30.00
Formerly $1.25 to $40.00
Our Glove Orders
Are an easily purchased gift. You don't have to know the
size or color of gloves when buying an order. The recipient
makes her own selection when she chooses, and if gloves are
not desired, the order will be accepted at any department in
the store.
We also issue MERCHANDISE ORDERS for any amount,
whichVare good" in all 'departments at any time.
Open Evenings Until Christmas |
ADVESTISETVrETrTB. /
oooc»oooooooocooeeooooooooocooooo©ooooooooooo
I GREAT SALE.
$ Elegant and Sensible Holiday Gifts at
! Tremendous Gut Rate Prices
o Never before was there such ari opportunity offered
% to purchase Christmas presents at such a saving of
J money. Newest style and elegant quality garments at
• from one-fourth to one-third less than anywhere in the
S city. We are forced to sell many handsome garments
| EVEM AT HALF PRICE.
o Tailor-made Suits, Jackets, Long Silk and Cloth
$ Coats, Fur Jackets, Fur Capes, Fur Stoles, Fur
2 Boas, Silk, Etamine and Cloth Skirts, Ostrich
o Feather Boas, Misses' and Children's Coats <
• Fur Jackets, Fur Capes, Fur Stoles
S and Fur Boas
o
i 33j Per Cent Discount
% FROM REGULAR PRICES.
o 1 j
• Tailor Suits" Jackets Skirts
• Newest style Novelty $8.50 tan, castor and Black, navy and brown
S Mixtures, $12.50, black box coats at .. velvet skirts with
S S15, $16.50, $18.50, S5.OO embroidered sUk dots,
• 520 and $25 A $12.50 value at —
S positive saving from tan and black noy- $7.50
S S5to $10 on each dty aAAuY coats Silk skirts at
| wjo $10 on each at $ , 8 . 5O $5.00, $7.50. S8.50,
8 $18.50 blackand navy $25 novelty peau de fl?'?? 1 * 12 ' 5 ! 1 ' 1 '
S cheviot suits at.... soie coats, trimmed J 17 '? 0 V-l °
g SI2.50 and silk lined, at... sklrts ' tnm -
• $25.00 black and navy $12.50 $600 io $25 00
0 blue cheviot suits at $20 bkck EngHsh Specja| !
1 »:;*:;¦. ;,? broadcloth corset enrich feather boas, one- ;
• $35 black broadcloth r . af . 3t «. IO g-n thl . rd les ".* h i2 w .Sfe r '
Z •* * t>r%er COatS at S12.5O prices — 56.50, $7.50, i
o suits at S25.OO ¦ fs.50, $1000/ $12.56 .
o $20 black and navy $ 35 f "" Icn Sth black and $J5.oo- f black, gray, «
• novelty etamine suits silk coats at »;«« ft rf^ "j» !
S at.. -$10,00 S25.00 Kg* u "•"*** j
• 1230-1232-1234 Market Street.
OQQOoocoeoeQooooooeQasceooQoooooceooGeGSGsoo
AMUSEMENTS.
/ /<* / y' Commencing <^\^ **\
/ / \ / Sunday Matinee \ < 3^\< cv^ \
/ C5 /£/ DEC.ao. \l\iM
/ Or / REGULAR MATINEES VvTDTHURSA \ -£ o \
I m / SAIANDSUNDAY \ "T-\C cyl
3: Special Matinee Christmas.. I § I rn I
X^^Jk^X RQADSHOW./§r^J
\^^^ \ CK, \ EVERY ACT A / / .V 7
\ ~7^ \ \ y^%^ / isT* /
\% NT- >^V #/qn May 27. The Jury recommended
life imprisonment.
,..Tt was shown at the trial that Hey
hal is 61 years of age, and, although
declared by experts to be sane, he is
not normal. He waited In the brush
beside the road as his neighbor passed
and shot him In the back. The Jurors
freely stated that but for the age and
Lord Kitchener Recovering.
CALCUTTA, Dec. 18.— Lord Kitch
ener, commander of the British forces
in India, who had one of his legs bro-
mental condition of Heyhal they
would have omitted the recommenda
tion from the verdict and the prisoner
would have been hanged.
John Hcyhal, Who Shot a Neighbor
in the Back in Twin VaUey,
• Sentenced.
REDDING, Dec. 19. — John Heyhal
was sentenced' this morning by Judge
Head to life • imprisonment at San
Quentln. Recently he was found guilty
of murder in" the first degree for kill
ing William ¦! Morgan in Twin Valley
ASSASSIN MUST SERVE /
A LIFE TERM IN PRISON
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19. — J.Weller
Reed, former secretary of the Califor
nia Fruit Canners' Association, was
found guilty of embezzlement by a'
jury in the Superior Court this morn
ing, the Jury in the case being out ten
minutes. Sentence will be pronounced
next Wednesday.
Reed embezzled $5000 last Septem
ber from the Fruit.Canners',Associa
tion, and, deserting his wife and fam
ily, fled to St. Louis, where . he was
apprehended by the police of that city
on descriptions sent. out from Los An
geles. Only about $2000 of the total
amount taken by Reed was recovered
at the timi of his arrest.- - ;
JURY FIDS HIM GUILTY
IN JUST TEN MINUTES
Former Secretary of the California
Fruit Cnnners' Association Is
Convicted of Embezzlement.
Rainy day skirts are always useful,
rsid if you co to Kelly & Liebes* Cloak
Hous*? you will find them at 53.50 to $6.00
for line all-wool ones. •
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19. — Charles
Aster Parker, for nearly five years
connected with the James Neill The
atrical Company and recently general
manager, secretary and treasurer of
the Ncill-Morosco companies, has
commenced suit for damages in 510,
000 against James Ncill and Oliver
Morosco, manager of the Burbank
Theater. Parker claims that he has
been dismissed from his position as
manager and treasurer In direct'viola
tion of his contract.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19.— Attorneys
for the four prominent street railway
officials of this city, Messrs. Hunting
ton Jr., Aiken, McLenegan and Clarke,
appeared In th«s Police Court this
morning and entered pleas of not
guilty to the charge of violating a city
ordinance relating to the sprinkling of
the portion of the streets occupied by
the car tracks. The first case, that of
John J. Aiken, acting manager and su
perintendent of the Los Angeles Rail
way Company, was set for trial on De
cember 29. v^: :
Attornej-s for Four Prominent 3fan
agcrs In Los Angeles Enter Pleas
of Not Guilty.
RAILROAD MEX DENY
ORDINANCE' IS VIOLATED
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Negotiation!
have been completed by the St. Loul;
and San Francisco* Railroad for a^nev
alliance, which will admit the Rod
Island Frisco system to New Orleans
This plan has been worked out witl
the Southern Railway and will save th<
Frisco from building a line from Mem
phis to Baton Rouge, which involvec
the possibility of antagonizing t h <
Gould interests. The original plan o
the Frisco management called for th<
construction of an Independent line, 3
right of way was obtained and pre
llmlnary steps taken for financing th<
new construction. Jointly with th<
Southern Railway, extensive termina
facilities in New Orleans were planned
to cost between $12,000,000 and $14,000,
000. Between $2,000,000 and $3,000,001
has. been expended on this work.
; TheIron Mountain already had wel
under way the construction of its Nev
Orleans line and negotiations for Its
use by the Frisco, thereby saving th<
latter- 300 miles of construction, wen
well under way, when a dispute arose
over ' local traffic and the deal fel
through.
President Toakum of the Frisco ther
suggested to President Spencer of th<
Southern Railway the feasibility of th<
Frisco reaching New Orleans over the
Southern's Mobile and Ohio and New
Orleans and Northeastern route. II
was decidedly to the interest of th<
Southern to have the Frisco In New
Orleans ox£ account of their joint ter
minals there. Without any delay the
jnatter was carried forward, and th(
directors of the St. Louis and Sar
Francisco have now ratified the new
project.^
The Frisco's new route will be some
what Indirect for traffic from St. Louis
and Chicago, but will enable the sys
tem to handle its own tonnage frorr
the Birmingham district. It is pointed
out that the Rock Island traffic from
the West and Southwest will reach the
Gulf by way of Galveston If the joint
ownership of the Harriman North and
South Texas lines Is finally sanctioned,
Connections between the Frisco. and
the Mobile and Ohio are made at Tu
pelo and Jasper, Miss., and Birming
ham, Ala. The Mobile and Ohio con
nects with the New Orleans and North
eastern at Meridian^ The route by way
of - TuDelo from , Memphis would be
about forty miles longer than the route
originally planned down the Mississippi
River. .
thrown a rope over the wall from the
outside and was aiding the prisoners
In their break for liberty, when he fell
from the top of the high wall to the
stone pavement below and will proba
bly die from the injuries he received.
He is badly hurt about the head.
Baker had three friends confined In
the jail, which Is made up of rows of
ceils on two sides and high walls on
the remaining two sides. He secured
a long rope, which, by means of a hook,
he fastened to the top of the wall and
succeeded in scaling it from the out-,
side. He then let the rope down on the
inside, and twelve prisoners not locked
in their cells climbed to the top of the
wall, where Baker was waiting for
them. When the latter let the rope
down on the outside and started to
lead the descent he in some way lost
his hold and fell to the pavement be
neath. The noise of the fall attracted
the attention of the night Jailer, *who
was in his office, about 100 feet away,
and he hurried out to see what had
happened. The prisoners on the wall
then slid back down the rope to the in
side, fearing that the Jailers would
commence shooting when he saw that
an escape was being attempted.
Baker was picked up unconscious
and was sent to the hospital, while a
charge was preferred against him. The
majority of the prisoners who attempt
ed to escape belonged to a gang; of
tramps who took possession of a South
ern Pacific freight train between Marl
copa and Tucson about two weeks ago,
were captured . and thrown in Jail for
terms varying from thirty to ninety
days.
TUCSON. Ariz., Dec. 19. — A dozen
prisoners confined within the city Jail
at Tucson yesterday morning attempt
ed to emulate Stiles, Alvord and the"
other Tombstone desperadoes by mak
ing a break for freedom.. Frank Ba
ker, with the aid of a confederate, had
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Negotiations With the Southern
Railway for an Alliance in
South Have Been Completed
Friend of Prisoners Tumbles
From High Wall While Ho
Was Aiding Them to Escape
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 19. — The
Green '& Whlttler -well No. 3, which
was drilled some years ago to a depth
of 1140 feet and which was considered
remarkable because of the fact that It
went through 400 feet of oil sand with
no intervening strata of clay, has de
veloped a most extraordinary freak.
Recently the well caused so much
trouble that the Associated, which
now controls the property, pulled the
tubing and the workmen were dum
founded to find that the last 240 feet
were bent completely out of plumb,
the supposltipn being, of course, that
the casing is In the same condition,
so as to render It. unfit for use. No
explanation has been offered for this
strange freak, although some suggest
that there m&y be an Imperceptible
movement of the oil sand, but as no
other wells In the field are affected
this theory Is but little accepted.
Suggestion Is Made That an Impercep
tible Movement of the Sand May
Have Caused the Damage.
TCBIXG FROM Oil; WELL
IS BENT OUT OF SHAPE
JAIL BREAKING
SCHEME FAILS
"FRISCO" LINE
TO NEW ORLEANS
ken recently while passing through a
tunnel on horseback, is much Im
proved in health. Although he will
be confined to his house for some time
he is now able to carry on hia official
duties.
The ravs of heaven make no bows
without the rain of earth.
CRESCENT CITY, Dec. 19.— Details
have been obtained of the sea disaster
which resulted in the loss of the
schooner Mary Buhne after her col
lision u-ith the steamer Del Norte Fri
day morning.
The Del Norte, bound from San Fran
cisco to this port, collided with tha
Mary Buhne at 5:45 o'clock eight miles
off Humboldt Bar. The Mary Buhne
sank thirty minutes after the collision
The Del Norte lowered her boats and
rescued the crew of the" schooner.
In lowering the lifeboats from the
Del Norte three of the crew were
thrown Into the water. One man was
drowned. The Del Norte lay by until
daylight and then came on to this port,
arriving late In the afternoon.
The Del Norte was steaming head on
in her regular course and caught the
schooner on the bow. The Del Norte
Buffered no serious injury in the col
lision. "When the crew of the Buhne
left their vessel her deck was but six
inches above water. A passenger on
the Del Norte states that the crew of
the Buhne claim they were carrying the
regular lights when the Del Norte ran
her down. The second officer was in
charge of the Del Norte at the time of
the collision.
EUREKA, Dec. 19.— Captain Peterson
of the tug ganger stated to-day that
two vessels were sighted Thursday
when he made the regular trip out,
one of which he took to be the Mary
Buhne and the other the Mary E. Russ.
The latter was towed in about "10:30
¦o'clock yesterday morning.
When Interviewed Captain Nyman of
the Mary E. Russ said that he had been
outside two days before being picked
up by the tug. On Thursday he sighted
a schooner six or seven miles to the
westward of him, which he took to be
the Mary Buhne. Yesterday the
schooner was in the same direction,
distant about ten miles. While being
towed in Nyman was using his glasses
and noticed the schooner and a steamer
near it. When he looked again the
schooner had disappeared and he saw
it no more. Telephonic communication
with Trinidad elicited the response that
nothing had been seen of the Mary
Buhne or the Del Norte.
The Mary Buhne was built at the
Bendlxsen shipyard |n 1876 and was
one of the best known and oldest craft
that came to this port. She was owned
by the Charles Nelson Company of San
Francisco, which was her home port.
The Buhnes of this place owned one
fourth Interest in the Mary Buhne and
McKay & Co. also had an Interest in
her.
Captain of a Humboldt Bay
Tug Tells How Schooner Dis
appeared After the Collision
THREE MEN GO OVERBOARD
Sailors on the Ill-Fated Vessel
Mary Bulino Leave When
Deck Xcars the Water
CREW ESCAPES
AS SHE SINKS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
49
ADVEBTISElffENTS.
"^—^ I THE EUTURE UNVEILED.
jm^s*^ ! Is Permanently Located at 3 -4 3 GCSI^Y/ - - - - - Near Poweti.
No Matter What Trouble You May Have With YovrscU or Others, Come and She
, _jj Will Guide You. She Advises You With a Certainty Higher Than Human Power.
It's Not What She Has Done for Concerning Business Affairs. ™'^S™J^£&£r^%J& Love or Courtship. ~£ «^;^ ¦ p«— « * «-
Others, bllt What She Will Bhe gives dates, facts and figures, rell- to be succeseful. where you should If affairs of the heart or emotions of lors !
Do for YOU. ' ¦ able and Important advice tnd Information go and whom to avoid; if you Intend to Interest you, she gives exact and truthful ASSiSt&nC0 lor Troubled OF Un-
Bhe «. a nv, ne conect.cn b.twe.n the un- on all matters of Intere'st la business trans- make any chants or to .Urta busies.. r^JWtemrt ! jUl lo^ affair, .ettle^ver.' fortunate.
seen existence .and I this i world. She cu iread actions, lawsuits, contested wills, life Insur- lm^ ortant 8t P e p. "don't fall to consult Dr. affection of any one you desire, causes • if TM .- ,„ troubfi. of any kind dlscot.-
tssSg-z^'^ r " £! "" " ar >tet --rT' Jt " w a&gss.'swsBffiBg a-jayAag" »--"'-"
• /.firs. Dr. Clark's Magic Belt
A fae-ilmll* of whloh Is presented her* — U'tbe most po-werful t*Vfm*Ti th»t bag erer been made. The Impresilona on its face, as saowa here. rlTe a partial idea of Its wonderful marlo powers. Tj i
. . THE GREATEST OF ALL TALISMANS
A mumet (»leo called a talisman or amulet) possesses the power to protect its possessor arainst any eril and promotes his luck, happiness and health. This power it obtains from its manufacturer,
who, from and through her supernatural power, transmits the same to the talisman. - - , ,,C ¦*..?. ._— ..iim,. -2
T A mairnet can be made for any purpose. Xt may serve as a protector on a journey or at home ajrainst accident or e^l Influence which it destroys; it may rolde you safely through any perilous ea-
terprtse; may help you to oomplete your business transactions profitably, . insuring you ajrainst loss, and thus assist you to acquire wealth. *.-*»-«,,«. .«*..™ i n «. . B 4
Xt may be of a mesmeric character— a rawing others' affections toward you, and thus securing for you friends amonsr stransrers. and even convertlnr enemies into friends and briarta* esteem. lore ana
friends from all.
IT POSSESSES A HEALING POWER AND CURES DISEASES BY ITS SIMPLE APPLICATION
'yup Jk/t \f\\C RF?I T Contains Within Itself the Virtues of Several or All Other Simple' Magnets
lllEZf iYl/WJlw DCL1 Combined, and Is the Most Powerful Talisman That Has Ever Been Made
What is your vocation in life? How have you prospered? What are your hopes for an evidence that you have not found your true vocation. A visit to Mrs. Clark will soon
the future? settle this all-important question and your true vocation will be pointed out to you, and
t, ' ••nj t j* »-iu- r- a j if possessed of only a moderate degree of brains and energy success will be sure to attend
Every person is specially adapted to some particular business, profession or trade, yQ P She advises ; ou Vith a certai nty by higher than human power as to the proper course
which may justly be termed their true vocation, and yet more than half of you are fighting to pursuc j n ijf e . Her" descriptions of your friends and enemies are as real as though they
against an unknown fate for fame, fortune and position which yoifdomot and cannot ob-. stood before you. Call and test the madame to your heart's content, and you will depart
% tain until you find your true vocation. %. thoroughly satisfied that there is at least one reliable medium and clairvoyant now* in
If you are dissatisfied with your present business, and all is going against you, it is your midst. Nothing in life too obscure for her to reveal. _.
BUSINESS SACRED AND CONFIDENTIAL. Sickness, Losses, Deaths, etc., Will Be Omitted
From Your Reading at Your Request, Otherwise Everything, Good and Bad, Will Be Given
SEND STAMP FOR BOOKLET. WITH SPECIAL TERMS, TO
343 Geary Strfeet, Near Rowell---Bntire Building
F^ERF^EGT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED BY.A\AIL. cut this out. f\a it mf»f»e/%t*& -r<->-o/*Tr onl-v
A DVElVnSEBIEZrrS.
Eastern Outfitting Go.
1320-1328 StoktGD St.
Near Broadway.
We trust the people.
Christmas presents suitable
for young ;md old. rich or poor.
O'.ir prices and credit system
.-ir«: a sure guarantee for a
Merry Christmas. . -
r . doz. Chairs; ._^^
:"' tiling more 1 5^*§§S^
appreciative for **4e£&*
a Christmas
present. Soifle- -.
thiaR that uili SSS^^iKS
Usi a lifetime: fsssfiafiS
ish; cw.r hnxyy^fi^^gjp^
price $3.-30; ourM^a&wJuLJS j
¦Christmas f-ve-ST if/ &!
cial $2.5O| VL *
• /*Jt % I Parlor Cab-
! i £$__* ' inet; solid ma-
f i^Trjl h o R a 11 y; 48
kx \ inches high, 21
1 I ]?M \ ' nc^^ s roimd; 2
j AjL/sl'' K pnu inc French
' )*MrV/jVjjj P-ite shelves;
raifflTT^Ijl bottom Rreen
wyji£222§Jjj s 'lk plush; a
ffSHBSSH v evr v artistic
I f Lf °"" ; * 30*6 o
Just as pictur- Jl~^9MSgBL^|l
ed ', 2 phf'lvcs iMoBSSn^n^^^Sh
u n d* r r.«»atli. ||^Sh^feisS^^3|
pigeonholes; p^-jZ- ' " ¦ •j^f''?ti
just a limit^'1 r^ '^"^S^.
&4.5O H-,
We show the n^*^™ 1^^^**^^^
largest assort- II fn
m«*ut of Writ- t?-*-"""
ins: Desks for \^~ ~^B
office a n <1
home, up to N u r sery
?"¦'¦" chairs
(ffjfef^Vv^j in the white
ffe.^1 j/Uf natural
W 3 I V^ wood. They
\MJL JLJl^^ cannot b e
Tggi^4g^o|^ bought i n
In! !i!JIjty]f ot^ er stores
Tabourette, as fl I Fl }fj
shown in pic- V4 n ft ft
ture; 12-in. top. V\ I A/ //
17 in. high; solid \l| ff If
any. Price, each f ycr ?Ji>/ 1
7sc // fTTi
Open evenings. // _ ,
lers solicited. tf-» t
« I
Christmas Stationery,
A — <§£> — \
{_ op
I'm ofTertn* » fine I'.ne cf Fancy Holiday
Stationery, tn beautiful Christmaa boxes.
l^aient designs fenJ etyiea ac low as BOC
per box
A!«r» a line of Stationery 'Novelties In
Mlulatur* Valises. Trunks. Checker Boards,
Suit Cases. Wrttint Desks, €tc. Trices as
lO» ES I51.0O.
A bcastl*ld tin* of HollAay Caienflan fcr
190*.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. XV. PITTS.
1©OS MARKET STREET,
Above Powell,
SAN FRAXCISCO.
Handsome Christmas Present
aTTiic
iiiib...
Dressing...
Tablp
Ik not only handsome but useful
y — ¦' ¦ s Necessary to any lady's room;
y V appropriate for any home!
y ___^____ \ Comes In Birdseya Maple and
WryJ^'P- jt a-, . ¦ -'¦ ~ : ¦igKi l j|ffi!!Slxr^ Golden O^k. Our price until
Off I "^ ~"~~ *~~ Don't fall to see our fine line
Kg V vm ° r holiday Chairs and Rockers
bin b n for children; very attractive and
V.l !S fif v/ell made; som« ihpi ca
Vi \ Ft low-priced as ....... v»*"U
t| B - ti M We've also lots of attractive
8 !L»^*'g]**T| O. jblB' things at reasonable prices in
H- -=r— /2> R fm'*^ «tp & holiday leather Goods. Open
Jy->- TT JL^J «L^ evenings till Christmas.
A. B. SMITH dO.
Tlie Ecasonafcle-Fricel Stors
128-132 Ellis Street, Above Powe I, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; '
I At ei Special Price, I
I Special Shipment for the Holidays. I
1 Big Rugs, little Rugs, medium Rugs. Every one a picked design. Every one at a
1 price that cannot be equaled west of New York. These arc not shelf goods. They ]
I arrived last week and this week they go. They are beautiful designs and patterns;
i they are staple products of staple mills. They solve the problem. They are the gifts [ j
| you are looking for, and when you see them you will look no further. Monday, the [1
| Rug day; the big Rug day; THE BIGGEST RUG DAY OF THE YEAR. t
I SINGLE DOOR RUGS FOLDING DOOR RUGS ?
1 Axminsters—J8 ac 36 inches, for single door Axmlnsters— 27 x 63 inches, in exquisite j|
H or chiffonier. Dainty, bright-hued rugs and floral designs. Large enough for the hall U
i hundreds of patterns for this week 75. way or the folding doors. A tf»^ 9Q if
I only. .^ l3w picked lot of patterns. Special- • *?&•&* Q
I Reversible Smyrna^ugs for single doors. Smyrnas _ A ii wool, reversible, 30x60 inches. fl
fi All wool, beautifully patterned, soft and ' ¦ .« H
1 warm,and adding rich color to a room. 75^ One hundred patterns. You will-,- -« t\
i Special ¦ 31* want them all. Special . . ... *¥&•&*} M
I HALL, 1 BEDROOM OR DEN THE PARLOR RUG |
I 'Reversible Smyrnas— 6 x 9 feet. In rich- $22 50 Thc PafIor or LIbfar r AxmIn * j
|j cst of patterns. Deep colored Indias in Da- *P ° ster. A large assortment of"*" \\
I ghestan, Shiryan and Afghan designs. The rich high-pile rugs. 9 x \2 feet. See this d
m very thing fora small room. C1H QTk i- B
I Special ... . ., JIU.OU !"*• H
I Delft Rugs— 6 x 9 feet. In greens and , Double-Faced Smyrna Rugs, 9 x 12 feet Inv j
I blues. Large scroll patterns. The natural' many designs. Warm dining H
M bath room rug. Heavy and warm. #£ 3P <, room or bed room coverings. CO^ Cfi
I Special .... . ..,. .$0.03, Thisweekonly • • . $".3U
I THE FAMOUS PUN JAUB BRUSSELS [j
i An extra fine quality of Brussels in choice Oriental designs. A rug to give to be remembered— . *j
I .• $22.5O 11
j| For the parlor, the living room,, the dining room. It is large enough for the average room ||
a -i -. and it will make a new room out of it. j j
I THE WINTER FUR RUG [j
1 Fur Rugs— In solid colors, AnlmalRugs with raised, White Angora Rugs with H
I black, white, fawn, dnna- full or half heads; wifekat, long, snow white flossy H
§ . mon and e«y, o, with and wou! wpol or in colon of oljve,
I these two-color combina- Mounted on black and bright. red or green. JSx M
tions. * brown furs. 54 inches. A
Special, $5.00 \ $9.75 to $15.50 Special, $9.45 \l
Don't miss this chance. We have chosen well and we are giving you the best [1
we have at the best prices that can be given. t]
.. OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS — |J
I *;THE CREDIT HOUS^" . 233-235-237 POST STREET IPrince Joachim Albert of Prussia has
written both the scenario and music of
a. ballet entitled "The Miracle of
Spring."
The ship canal from Lake Huron, in
Georgian Bay, almost -due south to
Lake Ontario, near Toronto, upon
which work has been in progress for
several years, will shorten the lake
route about 250 miles. The highest
point Is 600 feet higher than Lake On
tario, and a drop of slxty-slx feet In
four miles, at Peterboro, made neces
sary the building of the largest locks
Of the kind in the world. They are now
completed.— Commercial Advertiser.
New Canadian Ship Canal.
HAY WARDS, Dec. 19.— William G.
Wood, a well known resident of Hay
wards, died at his home here yester
day morning. Deceased was a mem
ber of Piedmont Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, and Court Advo
cate, Ancient Order of Foresters. He
leaves a wife and two children, Mary
and Bena Wood. The funeral will be
held from the * funeral parlors of
James McManus to-morrow after
noon, under the auspices of Piedmont
Parlor, Native Sons.
William G. Wood Dead.
The Christmas sermon of the Rev. C.
K. Jenness at the Trinity Methodist
Church will be upon "The Way of
Peace" at the morning devotions. In
the evening there will be a choral ser
vice, with a short address by the pas
tor. A children's chorus of thirty
voices, under the direction of Mrs. L.
V. Sweesy, will sing both morning and
evening, as will also the regular choir.
The Epworth Methodist Church South
will hold Christmas services at 11
o'clock in Woodman Hall. The ser
mon will be preached by the Rev. J. C.
Wooten.
The morning service at the First Uni
tarian Church will be a special Christ
mas celebration, with extra music and
a sermon by the Rev. F. L. Hosmer,
who will speak upon "The Leadesship
of the Child."
The Rev. Hiram Van Kirk, dean of
the Berkeley Bible School, will speak
at the North Congregational Church to
morrow evening on "The Historical
Geography of the Holy Land." The
pastor will speak in the morning on
"The Christ of Christmas."
morning under the direction of A. T.
Sutherland. The Rev. W. H. Scudder
will preach on "The Fullness of Time."
In the evening he will speak upon "The
Life of Christ."
The choir ot the First Christian
Church will render Christmas music to
morrow evening In Stiles Hall, the
Sunday school assisting. The Rev. E.
W. Darst will preach on "A Christmas
Sermon" in the morning.
TALENTED VOCALISTS WHO WILL CONTRIBUTE TO THE ELABORATE PROGRAMME OF CHRISTMAS MU
SIC. INCLUDING '.THE MESSIAH" AND "THB HOLY CITY," TO BE GIVEN THIS EVENING AT THE
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF OAKLAND. ; . .
The birth rate in Berlin declined from
46 per 1000 in 1876 to 27 in 1902.
quarter of an hour. It Is pleasant to
note that these two brave men lived so
many years after their narrow escape.
At the meeting of the British Associa
tion at Newcastle In 1863, Sir Richard
Owen observed that physiologists were
all agreed that one condition of longe
vity was the capacity of the chest.
He hoped the increased* breathing ca
pacity acquired by Messrs. Glaisher
and Coxwell would tend to the pro
longation of their lives. That hops
was prophetic. Coxwell survived un
til January 5, 1900, having nearly com
pleted his eightieth year, and Glaisher
was almost ninety-four.
-A ohoir of sixty voices under the di
rection of Alexander Stewart and sev
eral prominent soloists will) take part in
the Christmas services -at the First
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL.
OAKLAND, Dec. 19.— An elaborate
programme of special music, including
the famous oratorio "The Messiah"
and Gaul's cantata, "The Holy City,"
rendered by well-known soloists . and
an augmented choir of forty-five voices,
will mark the Christmas services at the
First Presbyterian Church, which will
be held to-morrow morning and even
ing. The music 'has been arranged by
Clement P. Rowlands, director of the
choir, who has spent several weeks In
careful preparation for the Christmas
service.
The programme for the morning ser
vice, which commences at 11 o'clock, is
as follows: Tenor recitative. "Comfort
Ye My People," J. A. Owens; chorus,
"And the Glory of the Lord," by the
choir; basso recitative and aria, "Thus
Saith the Lord," Clement P. Rowlands;
contralto solo and chorus, Miss Louise
Feldhelm and choir; soprano recita
tives, "And There Were Shepherds"
and "Suddenly There Was With the
Angels," Mrs. C. B. Dexter; chorus,
"Glory to God," the choir; soprano
solo, "Rejoice Greatly," Mrs. C. B. Dex
ter; chorus, "Hallelujah." ' .
"The Fullness of Time" Is the topic of
the Rev. E. E. Baker's morning ser
mon.
• The evening service will commence at
7:30 o'clock and will be entirely musi
cal, consisting of Gaul's magnificent
oratorio "The Holy City." Seven great
choruses will be rendered by the choir,
including one for ladles' voices with
barytone and soprano obligate' The
soprano, tenor, alto and bass solos will
be sung by the members of the follow
ing quartet of soloists: Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter, soprano; J. A'. Owens,
tenor; Mrs. Gussle Bergman, alto, and
Clement P. Rowlands, bass. Director
Rowlands has also secured the services
of Miss Louise Feldheim of San Fran
cisco, who will sing several contralto
solos.
Following are the members of the
choir: Sopranos, Miss Louise Stubbs,
Mrs. H. L. Whitehead, Miss Chamber
lain, Miss Goldie White, Miss Ella
Farrell, Miss M. V. MacNab, Miss Amy
Rott, Miss Ruby Wolf rohm, Miss Wes
termaln, Miss Mae Smith, Mrs. E. M.
McLaughlin. Mrs. R. S. Cole, Miss Men
gola, Miss Veronica Marachlch, Miss
Fry. Miss Lottie Reed, Miss Mabel
Williams; altos, Mrs. Lucinda F. Far
rell, Miss Virginia Bromley, Mrs. E. M.
Campbell, Miss Mabel Hill, Mrs. Emma
P. Bingham, Mrs. G. W. Elder, ' Mrs.
Jewett. Miss Flora Le Noir; tenors, Al
exander Young, E. Dowdle, A. C.
Ames. Arthur Petty, W. H. Phelps,
Robert Lynas; bass, M. W. Jellett, *W.
M. Miller, H. L. Whitehead, George
White, Desalx McCloskey, C. F. Alston,
W.vH. Wheeler, Charles Walter, Mr.
Roberts, Captain Klose, George Flick,
Mr. Carter.
The following organ numbers will be
played 'by Miss - J. V. de Fremery:
.Morning— Prelude, "The Holy Night"
(Buck); postlude, "Finale' Third Sym
phony" (WIdor). Evening — Prelude,
"Allegro,' Sixth -" Symphony" (Wldor);
postlude. "Grand Choeur'V (Guilmant).
* A special service in observance of
"Forefathers' Day" will be held at the
First Unitarian Church at 7:30 p. m.
In the morning the Rev. George -W.
Stone will pleach on "The Importance
of Religion."
OTHER CHURCHES. 3 '
Early communion at 8 o'clock will
be held at St. Andrew's Protestant'
Episcopal Church at Twelfth and Mag-'
nolla streets. The Rev. Mr. Scott, rector
of the church, will officiate at the com
munion as well as at the regular
morning and evening services.
Trinity Church, Twenty-third street
and Telegraph , avenue. Rev. Clifton
Macon. rector— -Services: 7:30 a. m.
holy communion; .9:45 a. m., Sunday
school; morning prayer and . sermon,
11 o'clock; 7:30, evening prayer and
sermon. •
First. English Lutheran Church, j
Rev. S. W. Young supply— Morning
FIRST UNITARIAN.
The congregation of .the First Bap
tist Church will hold special Christ
riias services at Masonic Hall, corner
of Twelfth and Washington streets.
Dudley Buck's Christmas cantata,
"The Coming of the King," will be
a part of the music programme. In
the morning the Rev. H. J. Vosburgh
will preach on "The Gospel of the In
carnation."
FIRST BAPTIST.
At the , First Methodist Episcopal
Church special music "will bo rendered
at the morning service and Rev. E. R.
Dille will preach on "The Deeper Mean-
Ing of Christmas." At 7:30 the "Christ
mas Oratorio" of ten selections, by
Saint-Saens, will be rendered. Several
organ numbers will be played by Wil
liam Handel Thorley.
FIRST METHODIST.
Congregational Church. The services
will be held to-morrow and a special
programme has been arranged, by Mr.
Stewart for both morning and evening.
Four of the anthems to be sung are
by well-known American composers-
Arthur Foote, George W. Chadwlck,
Homer N. Bartlett and Dr. H. J. Stew
art of San Francisco.
The soloists are Mrs. Grace Davis
Northrop, soprano; Mrs. Carroll Nich
olson, contralto; Arthur A. Macurda,
tenor, and Wlllard T. Young, barytone.
The organ numbers will be rendered by
Organist William "B. King. The morn
ing and the evening programmes are
as follows:
MORNING.
"O, Slnsr to God," soprano and alto eolos
and chorus • Gounod
"Glory to God." alto solo Rotoll
"It Came UDon the Midnight Clear."
chorus and alto solo. .. .Homer N. Bartlett
"Cantlque de Noel," soprano solo
* Adolph Adam
EVENING*
"The Word Is Flesh Become." from "The
Redemption," chorus and quartet
Gounod
"Great Is the Holy One of Israel," soprano
solo Case
"Hymn of the Nativity," tenor eolo and
quartet H. J. Stewart
"O Zlon That Brlngeth Good Tidings,"/
chorus with socrano, alto, tenor and
ba» solos .Arthur Foote
"When Heaven Sans to Earth," barytone
. solo Henry Parker
Pastoral symphony from "The Messiah, "
organ solo : . Handel
Recitative. "There Were Shepherds." so
prano; "Glory to God," chorus, from
"The Messiah'* Handel
"Hark! Hark! My Soul," alto solo and
chorus George W. Chadwlck
"Sing Triumphant. Alleluia!" soprano solo
and chorus, "Alma VJnco" Hummel
.In ' the morning Rev. Charles R.
Brown has as hl3 topic "A Christmas
Sermon." •
The Joke on Himsrlf.
Rear Admiral Charles S. Cotton, who
has been entertained abroad with sin
gular splendor and heartiness, sat one
evening at a dinner party beside the
Bishop of Durham, a clergyman noted
for his wit.
Near the Bishop there was a million
aire manufacturer— a stout man with a
loud, coarse laugh, who ate and drank
a good deal, and who cracker every lit
tle while a stupid joke.
One of the man's Jokes was leveled at
the brilliant Bishop of Durham, whom
he did not know from Adam. It was
enough for him that the Bishop's garb
v.as clerical. He was a parson; here,
therefcTe, was a chance to poke a little
fun at the parson's trade.
"I have three sons," he began, in a
loud tone, nudging his neighbor and
winking toward the Bishop, "three fine
lads. They are in trade. I have always
said that If ever I had a stupid son I'd
make a parson of him."
The millionaire roared out his discord.
ant laugh, and the Bishop of Durham
said to him, with a quiet smile:
"Your father thought differently.from
you, eh?" — New York Commercial.
The large number of personal letters*
received since my last communication
relative to the location of the grave of
Robert Morris and my references indi
cating the historian's inconslderatlon of
this great revolutionary character has
impelled me to make acknowledgments
of gratefulness. Most of the letters
carr.e from teachers and a few from
librarians, and they entertained the
idea that Morris was burled at White
marsh. Md. A few of the writers were
of the opinion that he was burled in
Virginia, the exact spot not known to
them. It afforded me pleasure to learn
of the deep Interest manifested and all
seem to indicate a desire to assist in
awakening thought regarding the sacri
ficing element in the nature of>Morris.
Three of the writers are direct descend
ants of Merrls and stated that for years
they have sought the grave of their an
cestor; one of these gentlemen has
kindly sent me records indicating the
character of his search, and It Is sur
prising how very little is recorded con
cerning the last days and death of the
venerable colonial. Another kinsman
•generously forwarded a copy of the New
York Herald, dated September 27. 1S01.
This sheet contains a most Interesting
account of the effort made by the paper
to locate the grave and devotes a Ion?
Rrtlcle. embellished with ten Illustra
tions, to this interesting theme and In
troduces the fact that his real place of
burial is a matter of doubt.
DEATH PLACE IN DOUBT.
Permit this extract:
"Four years ago, or about that time,
a law was passed by Congress to reim
burse to the heirs of Robert Morris ths
$1,500,000 which was due him, with In
terest, now amounting in the neighbor
hood of $8,000,000. The heirs have been
active, and some Interesting discoveries
have been made, among the facts es
tablished beyond controversy being the
following:
"Robert Morris was born in England
in 1734, but did not die. as related by
history, in a debtor's prison in Philadel
phia, but on a small farm in the neigh
borhood of Fairmlngdale. X. J.. in 1325.
twenty years later than recorded in his
tory. During the last years of his life
he was cared for and devotedly nursed
by a granddaughter named Mary Hur
ley, now (1891) living with her own
granddaughter at Toms River, N. J.
His history Just previous to coming to
Farmingdale no one Is able to give.
The fact of his reticence concerning
those previous years and the entire Ig
norance of the family on the point may
suggest the probabllty of collusion
from some quarter while he was in
prison. The fact that Robert Morris*
grave cannot be found In Christ
Christ. Philadelphia, and that there
have never been any heirs coming for
ward to claim him, would all go to fa
vor the theory that some one in pri3on
permitted him to escape and allowed
him to live in seclusion at Farming
dale. This is enough to account for
the family Ignorance and great dis
crepancy in historical accounts of his
death."
SIGNATURE AS EVIDENCE.
The same article says that Morris
signed his name In a family Bible— the
Bible having been published in 1810—
four years after his supposed death.
The New York Herald then goes on to
relate:
"The signature from the Bible is from
a tracing, as Mrs. Hurley positively re
fuses* to let the Bible go out of her
hands, guarding it with jealous care."
This matter goes to prove that the
life and affairs of the "financier of tho
Revolution" are not clearly registered
in history.
Another gentleman wrote: "My knowl
edge of Morris comes from 'The Lives
of the Signers of the Declaration of In
dependence,' issued In 1820 by Jofen San
derson of Philadelphia and finished by
Robert Walm, and as 1 do not see the
names of these among those you quote
I have taken the liberty to send to you
the word3 of Mr. Walm. which bear up
on his (Morris 1 ) death, together with
the reference In a foot note to 'Garden's
Anecdotes,' page 337, and reads as fol
lows :
" The great and good man Is sunk
Into the tomb on the 8th of May. 1S0S.
in the 73d year of his age. The memory
of a man of such distinguished utility
cannot be lost, and while the recollec
tion of his multiplied services are deep
ly engraven in the tablets of our hearts,
let u*» hope that the day Is not distant
when some public monument' recording
the most momentous occurrence of hl3
life and characteristic of national feel
ing and gratitude may mark the spot
where rests the body of Robert Mor
ris.*" m::^
In the nation's literature the career
of Robert Morris is disregarded and his
grave forgotten. As a nation we have
shown r.o special fostering care for the
memory of him who, next to Washing
ton, should claim our heartiest grati
tude. Thl9 does not reflect our highest
national sense of patriotism. Th* re
establishment of Morris In our hearts
and books would proclaim to the living
descendants of this great man our grat
itude for him who in the darkest dav3
of the Revolution was the keeper of our
destiny— B. J. Clgnand in Chicago
Record-Herald.
BERKELEY. Dec. 19.— In nearly all
the churches Christmas services will be
held to-morrow. In anticipation of the
day the choirs have been practicing for
special programmes of music and com
mittees of workers have spent many
spare hours on the decorations.
A . special Christmas programme of
music will be rendered at the Park
Congregational Church • to-morrow
The hardest fare that six strong
men «ind a boy of 1 5 ever kept alive on
was the daily menu of the Windover's
survivors*, who were cast up on the
IriFh roast near Kilse^rg a few weeks
ego. They lived for sixteen days on
Btev.ed rope yarn, without crumb or
anything else to help digest it except
water, and, though it'made them ill.
the:- kept alive on it and did not
waste away very much.
The Windover was a bark carrying
ealt beUven Fpain and the United
States, with an English crew, and she
was dismasted and abandoned about
1O00 miles out in the Atlantic. Three
of the crew were killed by the falling
marts and two others were washed
overboard, but thcother seven took to
the whaleboat and set out for Britain.
Being in too much of a hurry they
took too little food, but they had
throe large butts of water besides the
tank the boat already held. The re
sult vap that they ate up the provis
visions in four da>s. but had water
enough for a month, and after starv
ing for two days more they tried
boiling lengths of tarred hemp rope
into a pulp and swallowing it. Th^y
had a k«s: of paraffin wax and though
it made them very ill at first, they
eventually contrived to live on the
boiled hemp, the boiled paraffin added
to the nourishment of the rope. They
landed in comparatively good health.
SEAWEED AND KELPIE GRASS.
Two men who went to a small island
off the Irish coast a little while ago
kept themselves going for ten days on
a diet almost worse. They landed in
a boat, which was smashed by a
wave on their trying to relaunch her,
and they were left on the bare, rocky
island without food. Fortunately there
Is a spring on the island, but nothing
in the way of food but gulls, which
they could not catch, and nothing to
make a fire with as a distress signal.
There are not even any shellfish, as
there is no beach, and the pair had to
subsist for the ten days on cold, raw
Eeaneed washed up by the tide. For
two days they starved, but after that
they tackled the seaweed, making
thr«>e meals a day off it until rescued.
When taken off they were a good deal
emaciated, but no ill effects resulted.
The same thing happened off the
same coast five years ago, when four
fisherwonven were imprisoned on an
islet by the loss of their boat. They
lived on "kelpie" grass for six days.
A diet of boots is one of the com
monest of last resource foods, and
though it is hard for a well-fed per
son to imagine that any one could
masticate and digest the leather, a
pa5r of long seaboats will keep a man
alive for a fortnight if he has a little
water. •
STEWED LEATHER NOT SO BAD.
Captain Maboly of the foundered
Eteamer Gwailor and his second officer
created a record last year by living for
seventeen days on boot leather and a
pint of water a day each. Of course
no teeth can tear cowhide boots; they
have to be cut up and shredded with
a knife, and the shreds chewed and
swallowed. Boiling, even when possi
ble, does .no good at all. but takes
from the boots what nourishment they
contain. A few ounces of leather, be
ing so hard to digest, stay the stom
ach for fifteen or twenty hours.
The best known and most useful of
starvation diets for wrecked or cast
away people, however, is that of bar
nacles, and if anything of the kind
happens to you they will probably be
your staple food. Barnacles are long,
tough, half shellfish, half vegetable
creatures that grow on Ihe undersides
of vessels. Three Englishmen and a
crew of Lascars who had been forced
to abandon the sailing vessel North
Star a few months ago kept them
selves going for over a week on barna
cles, and only two of the crew died.
The worst of them is that they give
one internal cramps and cause an in
sufferable thirst, but they do nourish
the frame. You have to reach under
the vessel's side and pull them oft,
taking care not to leave the best half
of .them sticking to the planks. Only
a starving person could possibly eat
them. Many a castaway crew, how
ever, has found them better than
nothing. American.
DISPUTES FEW.
"Do you ever have disputes with cus
tomers?"
"Not often. I have only been through
one embarrassing situation of the kind.
A gentleman discovered after having
his book balanced that he was short In
some way to the amount of $500. He
declared to the cashier that his clerk
had deposited a New York draft for
the sum of 5500. He insisted that the
boy brought back a duplicate ticket for
that amount, but he had since lost that
ticket. We consulted the original tick
et, which called for only $300. ( We
wrote to the New York bank requesting
that they send on the paid ticket under
registered mail. When the draft was
examined it was found that It had been
cleared on some other bank, and the
customer's rame was indorsed on the
back. When his memory . was, re
freshed in this unpleasant manner he
apologized. It was very unpleasant
for a while. The bank had me watched
constantly.'!
THE MAN AT THE WINDOW.
When the rush was over the re
porter went up to the window to
pass a word with the man who is
tired out every day counting money.
Did our ancestors ever think such a
thing possible? Does the old lady
with a morsel o' siller in the toe of
an old sock believe that it is possible
for a strong man to earn his bread
and butter by counting dollars?
"You must have had a hard, day,"
said the reporter, noticing the worn
expression on his face.
"No," he answered, "this is an or
dinary morning's work. It's 3 o'clock
now, and I haven't had a bite to eat.
I go to lunch whenever there Is a lull
in business. There isn't much work
there," said he with a smile, ¦ as the
reporter glanced at the pile of bills,
notes and coins on the counter. "It
doesn't take long to balance the cash
and then I'll check up all the notes
that have been paid in to-day, assort
the money and then I'm through."
"Do you ever have any trouble in
striking a balance?"
"Not often, and I pity the receiving
teller who does. The layman has no
Idea of the vexation of the reviewing of
accounts. It's the most fatiguing work
in the world. It means a constant men
tal effort. Have you ever noticed how
few men there are In banks with full
thick suits of hair? I haven't any au
thority for the notion, but I believe it's
due more or less to wprrying over ac
counts and books that refuse to bal
ance. Of course, a man is often out a
few dollars, but that does not give him
a great deal of annoyance. It's the big
sums that bring the headaches and
the breakdowns."
"What do you do with the dirty mon
ey and the defaced money?"
"Why, there's a knack of picking out
the old bills as you count a lot of
money. You get on to it after a little
and it becomes mechanical. The Gov
ernment gives the bank new bills for
old." . •;.¦;¦
"None of these checks has been in
dorsed," said the teller, handing the
bank* book back to the clerk.
"Take this deposit, will you?" said
a smart old man of business, in a
check suit and wearing white mutton
chop whiskers. The sign "Closed"
was staring him in the face as he
passed the money under the barred
gate of me receiving teller's window,
but the long suffering man said: "I'll
accommodate you this time, sir, if
you will make It a rule in future to
come before 3 o'clock." "Very well,"
said the old fellow in a tone that
clearly meant "all that I want is to
get thi3 money 4n the bank."
"Here's half a dozen blank bcroks with
some deposits. Write tnem up as soon
as possible. I'll be back after lunch,"
remarks the 15-year-old office boy.
"He's got his nerve with him all right,
all right," comments the fat man from
the rear of the line.
"After you balance my book and en
ter this deposit." said a lady, "send it
to Cumberland Cottage, De Lancy
street. New" —
"I'll enter the deposit." said the teller,
'but you'll have to leave all instruc
tions with the passbook clerk."
"I can't take these, sir," said the
teller to a gentleman. "These cou
pons don't mature until November."
"Let me see. Is it possible. I cut the
wrong coupons? Yes, I did, for a fact.
But, say, teller, you know me. Can't
you fix this up anyhow?"
"No, cir; it's utterly impossible."
"What! Only 3 per cent? My friend.
Colonel Brown, tells me you pay 4 per
cent. Don't deceive me, young man."
"No, madam. We pay only 3 per cent.
Formerly all banks paid 4 per cent,
now you'll find the uniform rate is
what we give."
••Well, I expect I'll have to go some
where else."
"Teller, let me see my deposit slip for
May 7. My balance is short $3 28.
You've made an error, and see what
trouble It is Riving me."
"What do all these marks mean
alongside of every item?" said the de
positor when the slip was handed him.
"That shows that the other teller as
well as myself has verified this
amount."
'"I want to deposit the Interest on
this account for the last month," you'll
hear some fellow say.
"Go down to the passbook clerk at
the window to the right."
It was pay. day and a reporter
had occasion to make a deposit in a
local bank. Seeing the various types
of people standing before the window
of the receivine teller he scented a
story and forgot his mission. It is a
wonderful sight to watch a receiving
teller of a big bank plying his trade.
Wonderful that men can acquire such
facility in the intricate ways we have
of doing our business and wonderful
none the lees the coolness with which
foolish questions are always asked.
"What interest do you pay on de
posits?" asked a grandmother dressed
in grav colors.
"Three per cent, madam."
"My last observation was made at a
height of 29,000 feet at 1:54, when we
were ascending. 1000 feet per minute,
and when I resumed observations we
were .descending 2000 feet per minute.
These two positions must be connected,
taking into * account the interval be
tween them, 13 minutes. And on these
considerations the balloon must have
attained an altitude of 36,000 or 37,000
feet. Mr. Coxwell, on coming from the
ring, noticed ' that the center of the
aneroid barometer, its blue hand, and
a rope attached to the car were all on
the same straight line, and this gave a
reading of seven Inches, and leads to
the same result. Therefore, these in
dependent means' all come to about the
same elevation— fully seven miles."
Coxwell has given his own account of
this adventure. "Never," he says,
"shall 1 forget those painful moments
of doubt and /suspense as to Mr.
Glalsher's state when no response came
to my questions. I began to fear that
he would never take any more read
ings." In the descent the aeronaut
states that they fell 19,000 feet in a
"While powerless I heard the words
'temperature* and 'observation,' and I
knew Mr. Coxwell was in the car
speaking to and endeavoring to raise
me, therefore consciousness and hear
ing had returned. I then heard him
speaking more emphatically, but could
not see, speak or move. I heard him
say again: 'Do try, now. do.' Then the
Instruments became dimly visible, and
Mr. Coxwell. and very shortly I saw
clearly. I said to Mr. Coxwell. 'I have
been insensible;' he said, 'You have,
and I, too, very nearly.* He told me he
had lost the use of his hands, which
were black, and I poured brandy over
them. Mr. Coxwell told me that while
in the ring he felt it piercingly cold,
and on attempting to leave the ring he
found his hands frozen. He had there
fore to place his arms on the ring and
drop down. He wished to approach me,
but could not, and when he felt insensi
bility coming over him, too, he became
anxious to open the valve. But in con
sequence of having lost the use of his
hands he could not do this; ultimately
he succeeded by seizing the cord with
his teeth and dipping his "head two or
three times, until the balloon took a de
cided turn downward. The descent took
place at Cole Weston, seven and a half
miles from Ludlow."
Thus one of the aeronauts was in
sensible and the other had only the
use of his teeth left with which to open
the valve and on that their safety de
pended. The height to which they had
attained is without parallel. Mr.
Glaisher says:
HEIGHT OF ASCENT.
RETURNING POWER.
"Shortly after I laid my arm. upon the
table, possessed of its full vigor, but on
being desirous of using it I found it
powerless. Trying to move the other
arm I found it powerless al<?o. Then I
tried to shake myself, and succeeded,
but seemed to have no limbs. In look
ing at the barometer my head fell over
my left shoulder. I struggled and
shook my body again, but could not
move my arms. Getting my head up
right, for an instant only, it fell on my
right shoulder; then I fell backward,
my back resting against the side of
the car and my head on its edge. Inr
this position my eyes were directed to
Mr. Coxwell in*the ring. When I shook
my body I seemed to have full power
over the muscles of the back, and con
siderably so over those of the neck, but
none over either my arms or my legs.
As in the case of the arms, so all mus
cular power was lost in an instant from
my back and neck. I dimly saw Mr.
Coxwell. and endeavored to speak, but
could not. In an instant intense dark
ness overcame me, so that the optic
nerve had suddenly lost power, but I
was still conscious, with as active a
brain as at the present moment while
writing this. I thought I had been
seized with asphyxia, and believed I
should experience nothing more, as
death would come unless we speedily
descended. Other thoughts v.ere en
tering my mind, when I became un
conscious as on going to sleep. I can
not tell anything of the sense of hear
ing, as no sound reaches the ear to
break the perfect stillness' and silence,
of 'the regions between six and seven
miles from the earth. My last obser
vation was at 1:54, above 29,000 feet.
The well-known meteorologist, James
Glaisher, who died in England last
winter, has left a full and corrected ac
count of his historic balloon ascent.
made in 1862, when he reached the high
est altitude ever attained by man. His
first ascent, with Coxwell. was made
from Wolverhampton on Ju+y-17, 1S62.
They rose to a height of five miles,
traveled sixty miles in two hours and
descended Just in time to avoid a dip
in "the Wash. Two important things
were learned on the excursion — first,
they passed through a cloud SOOO feet
in thickness and so dense that the bal
loon was invisible from the car; and,
second, they dropped 3900 feet— from
16,300 to 12,400 feet— in one minute. But
the great historic ascent, made from
Wolverhampton, took place on Septem
ber 5, 1862. when the highest point ever
attained by men who survived to tell
the tale was reached. Mr. Glaisher re
lates:
"At 1:51 the barometer read 10.8
inches. About 1:52 or later I read the
dry bulb thermometer as minus five
degrees; after this I could not see the
column of mercury nor the hands of
the watch nor the fine divisions on any
instrument. I asked Mr. Coxwell to
help me read the instruments. In con
sequence, however, of the rotary mo
tion of the balloon, which had contin
ued without ceasing since we left the
earth, the valve line had become en
tangled and he had to leave the car
and mount into the ring to readjust
it. I then looked at the barometer and
found its reading to be 9% inches, still
decreasing fast, implying a height ex
ceeding 29,000 feet.
INSENSIBLE.
How Men Can Sustain Life on
Nothing but Seaweed and
Kelpie Grass and Water
Wonderful Sight When This
Member of a Financial In
stitution Plies His Trade
Interesting Facts Concerning
Last Days of a Great
Character of^the Revolution
Meteorologist Glaisher Nearly
Succumbs and Coxwell Opens
Airship's Valve With Teeth
SLIM DIET FOR MANY DAYS
service, "God's Insurance Company";
evening service, "Christ on Trial."
The morning services at the Eighth
Avenue M. E. Church, Rev. Owen
Hotle pastor, will be in charge of the
Sunday-school, assisted by the church
choir, which will render special music.
A short address will be made by the
pastor.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church. Rev. C.
T. Walkley rector. Rev. J. Hulme as
sistant — Holy communion 8 a. m; morn-
Ing prayer 11 a. m.; evening prayer 7:30
p. m.
The Christmas services of the First
Christian Church will be held on Sun
day, December 27. Special music will
be furnished by a large chorus choir
under the direction of Dr. O. S. Dean.
TRILLING TRIP INTO CLOUDS
NO TRACE OF HIS GRAVE
LEADS A STRENUOUS LIFE
Survivors of the Bark Windover
Undergo Severe Hardships on
the Bleak Coast of Ireland
Difficulties That Beset the
Man AVho Receives the
Money of the Depositors
Narrative of the Highest
Balloon Ascension Ever
Made by Any Aeronaut
Evidence That He Did Not
Die in Prison but on
a Farm in >"cw Jersey
LIVE ON ROPE
YARN STEWED
BANK TELLER'S
MANY WOES
SEVEN MILES
ABOVE EARTH
ROBERT MORRIS'
RESTING PLACE
• «ti.' i\/r • l .. TT7-,, o D J j ¦ \ r-i. • .
Oratorio, The Messiah, Will Be Rendered at Christmas
Services This Morning and Evening at First Presby
terian Church by Prominent Soloists and Choir
EXULTANT VOICES TO JOIN
IN MIGHTY HYMN OF PRAISE
TH £ SAN FRAXCiS/yO, CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903:
50
OF THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALfc
F LITTLE TRAITOR
TO THE SOUTH"
CONCLUDED IN THE
NEW YEAR EDITION
SEE THE PICTURES
NEW YEAR'S EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
This Is the Most Dazzling-
ly Beautiful Creature
You Ever Saw.
THE 1904 GIRL
SEE THE PICTUREGifts for Eloping Princess.
OAKLAND. Dec 13.— Minnie Bar
rick, a well known character, the
keeper of a roadhouse known as the
Thalia on San Leandro road, was ad
judged insane to-day and committed
to the Stockton insane asylum. Her
case was diagnosed by Dr. O. D. Ham
lln as acute alcoholic mania.
Minnie Barrick Insane.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19. — E. P. Vander
cook, a well-known real estate dealer
of this city, is ill with typhoid fever.
He was taken sick last Saturday even
ing and as his condition did not Im
prove he was removed yesterday to the
Erst Bay Sanatorium.
E. J*. Vandercook 111.
Latest Method of Identification Is
Successful in Practically
Every Case. -ViV i
Special Cabl«rram to The Call and New Ynrk
H«rald. Copyright. 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PARIS, Dec. 19.— M. Bertillon's latest
addition to his many functions at the
prefecture is the instructing of a class
of policemen In the art of identifying
criminals. He divides the various fea
tures of the face into several sections
and proceeds by means of elimination.
The most surprising results have al
ready been " achieved. He has trained
men to be correct in 99 per cent of the
cases, whereas formerly 70 per cent in"
identification was coiisidered good.
BERTILLOXS NEW SYSTEM
HAS SURPRISING RESULTS
Marrlaee Licenses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Charles E. Debb,
26, and Gerda M. A. Lindh, 18, both of
Fruitvale; Guy P. Lytton, 23, and Ida
*" Roseman. 21, both of San Fran
cisco; Frederick W. Lambert, 26, and
Louise Valdez. 19. both of San Fran
cisco; Manuel P. Gomes, 43, Irvington.
ai:d Josephine da Conceicoa, 32
Berkeley; Joseph ilonestier. 39, and
Louisa C. Sequier. 37, both of San
Francisco; Edgar D. Watson. 31. San
Jo^e. and Laura Chisholm, 20, Berke-
Rejection of Russia's Proposals Awaits
De Rosen's Recovery.
TOKIO, Dec. 19. — Japan's answer to
Russia has not yet been sent, owing
to the indisposition of the Russian Min
ister, Baron de Resen. It probably will
be delayed a day or two.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19.— The State
Department has received a cablegram
from Mr. Griscom, United States Min
ister at Tokio, saying that Japan has
received the Russian reply to her ulti
matum and regards it as unsatisfac
tory.
JAPAN'S ANSWER DELAYED.
$2500. It is to-day worth nearly five
times that amount. The news of this
sale caused great excitement, not alone
in New Jersey, but throughout the
country, and the search for pearls was
prosecuted with ardor in all favorable
spots. Millions of unios were gathered
at Notch Brook and elsewhere and de
stroyed, generally with little or no re
sult. One pearl, a large round one.
weighing over 400 grains, was the
greatest find, but it was ruined by boil
ing to open the shell. During this ex
citement nearly $15,000 worth of pearls
came to New Tork from nearly every
State in the Union. The excitement
gradually died away, owing mainly to
the Civil War, but it was somewhat re
vived in 1868. when many fine pearls
were obtained from Little Miami River,
Ohio.
There was another pearl excitement
in 1876, when some of the finest Ameri
can pearls were found near Wayncs
ville, Ohio.
THE PEARL STATES.
Since 1SS0 pearls have come from
comparatively new districts farther
West and South, and in a few years
Kentucky, Tennessee and Texas became
the principal pearl producing States.
One "sky blue" pearl from Caney Fork,
Tenn.. was sold for $350. and subse
quently brought $3300 in London.
' During the summer of 1883 a quan-'
tity of magnificently colored pearls
were found in the creeks and rivers of
Wisconsin. In Rock. Green, Lafayette.
Grant and Crawford counties. One of
these pearls sold for over $300, and
some among them were equal to any
ever found fc-r beauty and coloring.
They were principally purplish red.
copper red and dark pink. These dis
coveries led to increased activity in this
region, and by 1830 it had extended .
through other portions of Wisconsin,
and appeared also In Illinois, along the
Mackinaw River and its tributary
creeks, in McLean. Tazewell and Wood
ford counties. The pearl fisheries of
Wisconsin have produced nearly $300,000
worth of pearls since 1S83.
The excitement subsided in a few *
seasons, as the others had done in turn
before, by the exhaustion of the mussel
beds. A peculiar feature of this fever
for pearl hunting is that it seems to run
in cycles of ten years each.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 19.
Stmr Iaiua. Jorsrensen. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 5 hours from Half
moon Bay. "" •*
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 19.
' Stmr Alameda, Dowdell. Honolulu; J D
Epreckels & Bro* . Co. *
Stmr S&n Jose; Brown, Panama and way
ports: Pacific Mall Steamship Co.
Bark Edward May. Hanson. Makawell; Alex
ander It Baldwin. Ltd.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Scullun, whal
ing; J &. R Wing.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 19.
Ftmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr San Jose, Brown. Panama, etc.
Htmr Chico, Martin, Bftndon.
Stmr Alamtda, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Scullun. whal
ing.
Schr Cecilia Sudden. Bellesrn. Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 18 — Sal etmr
Yzalco. hence * Dec 14, and sails Dec 21 for
Acajutla.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 19 — Stmr Edith,
hence Dec 15: Br ship Nile, from Port Town
send: atmr W H Krurer, hence Dec 14, via
SeattI?.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Asuncion,
from fc'an Francisco.
Sailed Dec 10— SUiir Asuncion, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived D«c 10— Stmr Alliance,
h«n<*e Dec 15
- PORT I OS ANGELES — Arrived Dec 13 — Fr
bark Iji Bruyere, from Tyne.
TATOOSH — Passed In Dec 10 — Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Dec IT, for Victoria.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 10— Ger bark Atalan
ta. for United Kingdom.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr W H Kru
ger hence Dec 14, and sailed for Tacoma.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 19 — Schr Kallua,
from Newcastle. Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dtc 19 —
Stmr Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, for Hongkong.
HONGKONG — Arrived DiiorTo Dec 19 — Stmr
Tartar, from Vancouver, via Yokohama. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr St
Paul, from Southampton.
Sailed Dec 19^ — Stmr Umbrla. for Liver
pool ; stmr Graf Waldersee, for Plymouth : stmr
New York, for Southampton; atmr Ethiopia,
for Glasgow: stmr Norge, for Copenhagen.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Campa
nia, from New York: stmr ' Victorian, from
New York.
Sailed Dee 19 — Stmr Ktruria, for New York;
etmr Cf strain, for Boston.
GLASGOW— Sailed Dec IS— Stmr Sardinian,
for Boston.
1I0VILLE— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Pretcrlan,
from Liverpool, lor Halifax.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec IB— Sfcnr Finland,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr Phil
adelphia, tor New York.
Arrived Dec 19 — Stmr St Louis, j from New
York. .
CHERBOURG— Arrived Dec 19 — Etmr
Moltke, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
Sailed Dec 19— 8ttar Philadelphia, from
Southampton, for New York. -
¦' NAPLES— Arrived Dec 1»— Stmr Prlnz Adal
bert, from New York. . • .
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr i Pre
toria, from New York.
TRIESTE— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Carpathla.
for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Dec 19 — Stmr Noor
flam. from New York, via Boulogne.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
President Will Send Name of Proc
tor's Successor to Senate When
Congress Convenes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — General
John B. Black has accepted the civil
service commisslonership and the
President will send in his nomination
when Congress re-convenes.
BLACK IS CHOSEN FOR
CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 19.— Tolstoi
is the most widely "translated" author
in the world. There is no Slav dialect
Into which his works have not been
translated. There are 120 Bohemian
translations, eighty Bulgarian and 100
Servian, and several of his books have
been translated into Esperanto by its
inventor, Samenhoff. In 1900 the first
Persian translation appeared, in 1301
the fix-st Siamese. In 1S54 several Rou
manian and Portuguese translations
were made. That his works have ap
peared also in English, French, Ger
man. Italian and Spanish is well
known.
Books of the Famous Author Are
Now Printed in Several
Languages.
MANY TRANSLATIONS
OF TOLSTOI'S WORKS
Situation Grows Complicated and the
Gunboat Newport Is Sent to Pro- .
tect Americans.
SAN DOMINGO, Dec. 19.— General
Pimentel has raised a force against the
provisional government at Haina, near
this city. The situation Is becoming
complicated and the presence of war
ships is desirable.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The gun
boat Newport left San Juan yesterday
to resume her duty of safeguarding the
interests of this country at San Domin
go City.
YET ANOTHER REBEL TO
ATTACK SAN DOMINGO
"Straightway to cakewalk went the
smart leaders of the smart set; straight
way after them went their inane, brain
less troop of male followers. A moving
panorama of unbridled levity and un
licensed vulgarity was the result. The
cakewalk figures, the possibilities of in
decencies, become the one absorbing
topic of the hour. Even skirt prancing,
the 'FOlit.' and the leap frog cotillon
figures, tableau of charity functions
and acting French pla"ys all paled and
grew insignificant by the last new sen
sation. Its promises seemed endless. Its
varieties of asinine humiliation abso
lutely unbounded." . r t V
"What of the effete boudoir boys who
give smoking parties to each other In
order to display the latest thing in satin
corsets and lace frilled tea coats? The
amusements of the smart set world are
on a par with its other eccentricities,
and for the providing for the many of
these we have to thank our American
sister. She it Is who introduced notions
which are too idiotic for the nursery,
but are eagerly welcomed by the draw
ing-room.
"To the American smart woman so
ciety owes her 'hen luncheons,' surprise
parties, bathing dress picnics, floral
teas and color suppers. She had an in
ventive brain and a mania for organi
zation. She has shown us how charity
can be made the playground for riotous
display; how social functions can be
turned into wild orgies or undignified
romps; to fancy dress a charity; to
flaunt a bazaar; to self-advertise a hos
pital. These are the things we have
learned from our trans-Atlantic smart
neighbors. With them, advertisement is
an absolute craze, the first law of their
nature.
LONDON, Dec. 19.-Mrs. Desmond
Humphreys, the novelist and. keen
satirist, who writes under the name of
"Rita," in further criticism of the smart
set says its amusements "might make
the angels ¦weep," adding:
"In turn we have had success in
dancing, banjo parties, high kicking,
Ping pong, gambling at bridge, and the
motor craze. We have dethroned the
two last mentioned, but there are other
records as harmful if less exciting.
"What of the titled youth who turns
his castle into an imitation Drury lane
on boxing night, whose highest ambi
tion is to display the family jewels on
his own person as a prince of panto
mime?
"What of the illustrious Earl who
roams frc-^i the old world to the new
with no higher ambition than to wear
the skirts of a ballet girl and pass for
one?
Novelist Makes Keen Comment on
the Freaks of the Smart Sets
Abroad and at Home.
SAYS THE AMERICAN
WOMAN SETS TIIE PACE
Dr. Carrie Edwards (owner) with Charles F.
Sheibley (contractor), architects Kldd it An
dersen—All work for alterations and additions
to a two-story frame building on W line of
Ashbury street, between Waller and Frederick,
727 Ashbury; $1200.
Ida M. and George F. Reed (owners) with
J. C. Kelly and J. A. Broadwood .contractors),
architect owner, all. work for a 2-otory frame
building on E line of Tenth avenue. 223 Sof
J street, 6 25 by E 120, Outstdo Lands 760;
S3C00-
David J. Glunasso to Ermlnia and Thomas
Giunaeso, lot on W line of Dupont street,
137:0 8 of Green, S 30 by W 68:9; also lot on
NE corner of Dupcnt and Vallejo meets. E
86:3 by N 150:3; nlsa lot on S line of Green
street. 130 W of Stockton. W 33:fl by S 130.
subject to right of way C feet by SO feet ad
joining on W of lot conveyed tn 353 D. 656; $10
Hlbernla Savings and I.oan Society to James
Camp, lot en N line of Clay street. 137:6 E of
Powell. E 68:0. N 77 :C. W 2. N CO. W C6:9,
S 137:6* $10,000.
Clara Baum to Mabel B. Schlesslnger (wife
of C). lot on SE corner of MAiiposa and Po
trera streets. S 122:6 by E 10O; gift.
Frederick Huelter to F. J 8ehn»lder lot on
W line of Missouri street, 201 :C N of Colusa,
N 49:6 by W 1C0; $10.
• James E. Joy to Carl Carlson, commencing
300 S of Napa street and 42 E of Illinols.S 133
by E 25; «10.
Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to George
F. Lyon, lot on XV line- of Twenty-slxtH ave
nue. 200 S of Lake street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Bemhard and Rose Gets to Abble L. Patri
arche. lot E line of Forty-seventh avenue 175
S of I street, 8 25 by E 120: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Frank Crother*.
lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 175 S of J
street. S 25 by E 12fi; $10.
Fanny M. and Clarence S. Winter to George
G. Wickson lot on SE corner of Eighth av»
nue and N street. E 03:3. SW 603:7 W 29:2,
N 600. being all that portion of Outside Lands
block 950 lying west of Spring Valley Water
Works property; $10.
G»onte O. and Mary E. Wiekscn 13 CHnton
T. Hull, same, also lot on NE corner of L
ttreet and Ninth avenu*. N 32, E 12u, N' 14:6
E 120. 8 46:6. W 240; $10.
J. W. Wrleht & Sons' Investment Company
to Maurice Leger. lot on E line of Twenty
ninth avenue. 150 N of S street. N 25 by E
120; $10. ,
Solomon and Dora Get* to. Bemhard Get*,
lot on SE line of Vienna stre-t. 100 NE of
Persia, NE 25 by SE 100, block C4. Excelilor
Homestfad; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
G. Hasshagen.' lot In cemetery; $50O.
Giles H. Gray. Joseph H. Atkinson and
Charles C. Butler and David S. Turner and
John Perry Jr. (trustee* Lane Mountain Cem
etery) to John Hesshagen. lot in Lone j Moun
tain Cemetery: $124.
William and Addle M. Silver or Sllva to
Frank Stiver, lots 460 and 461, gift map 1,
qultelaim deed; $ L.-
Frank and Ann Silver to Hanaa F. Erlck
son. same: $10.
Odd Fellows'. Cemetery Association to Adal
bert Fauba. lot In cemetery: $285.
Builders' Contracts. ~
John A. and Margaret C. Grennan to Joseph
O. and Richard C. Tobln, lot on SW corner of
Hayes and Octavia streets. S 120 by W 137:6;
*10.
Leonard A., Mabel and Frank H. Crane to
Charles A. Rushton. lot on E line of Stelner
street, 53 S of Sacramento. S 20:6 by E Sl:3;
$10.
Alice M. Sitrett to Samuel and Lisle Roblt
scher. lot on N line of Sutter street. 100 W
of Fillraore. W 25 by N 137:6: $ia
Daniel Einstein to Eugenia H. Peabody, lot
on W line of Lyon street. 125 S of California,
S 25. W 144:6%. XE 25:3^4, E 1M>:1O«4; $10.
Edward XV. Peabody to same, same; gift. •
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to A. Werle, lot
on SW corner .of Frederick and Btanyan
streets, W 32:8 by S 100; $10.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. (trustees
Walter E. Magee and Frederick E. Magee) to
Helen C. Magee, consideration of second par
ty releasing' Interest In deed dated December
S. 1003; also undivided five-sixths of lot on
NE corner of Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
N 70 by E 100; $10.
Same to same, undivided five-sixths of lot
on N line of Sutter street, 63:7*4 E of Taylor.
E 22:9H, N to point 41:1 N of Sutter and
86:4% E of Taylor. N to point 63:7 N of Sut
ter and 88:8% E of Taylor, N to point on S
line of alley distant 86:10^4 E of Taylor. W
22:0%, S 12:10*4. E 0:0ft. S 16:3, W 1:11%.
S 32:6%; also lot on X line of Broadway. 50
W of Devisadero street. XV 64 by N 137:6; $10.
Same to. same, same as first description In
preceding deed; also let on NE corner of Six
teenth and Valencia streets, X 70 by E 100,
quitclaim deed; $10. -
Thomas H. and Ella A. Wagstaff to Carl
Strlewpkl. lot on W tine of Dehon street. 133
N of Seventeenth. N 0:3 by W 28:0; $175
D. J. Reens to Grace O. Heydenfeldt (wife
F. O.). lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 155
W of Sanches, W 25 by N 114; gift.
Christopher A. and Annie M. Buckley to Ar
thur H Hartwlp. lot on S line of Hill street.
210 E of Noe, E 25 by S 114; $2600.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Mi
chael J. Llnehaft, lot on N lino of Twenty
ninth street, 151 :S W of Church. W 51:4 by
N 114: S10.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER IP.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 19.— J. J. Cherrie.
City Councilman for the Second Ward,
died suddenly of heart disease this
forenoon. He had been ailing for a
week, but no serious result was antici
pated, as he was- about the streets as
usual until yesterday. He was 48
years of age and a native of Indiana.
About twenty years ago he came to
San Jose and for many years waa en
gaged in the hardware business. Ha
was a member of San Jose Encamp
ment, I. O. O. F., and was unmar-
Heart Disease Suddenly Ends life" of
' San Jose Official.
DEATH CALLS COUNCILMAN.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ' 19.— :It was
stated at the Navy Department to-day
that the cruiser New York, now on
Puget Sound, is under orders to go
to San Francisco as soon as repairs
are completed. After taking on sup
plies there she will go to the isthmus,
to act as Admiral Glass' flagship. The
admiral has been temporarily flying
his flag on the Marblehead, which- is
too small for the Admiral's use.
Cruiser New York Will Be Hurried to
Join Admiral's Squadron.
NEW FLAGSHIP FOR GLASS.
TEHAMA, Dec. 19. — The run of sal
mon in the waters of this vicinity has
been unusually large this season. The
Mill Creek hatchery has taken 19,000,
000 eggs and expects to reach the 20,
000,000 mark -in a few days. Then
fishing will be discontinued, as salmon
are becoming less plentiful, and, ow
ing to stormy weather, the creek is
liable to attain a greater height at
any time.
'Five million live eggs have already
been shipped to the State hatchery at
Sltson, 2,000,000 to Eel River and a
shipment of several millions is to be
made to Australia in a few days. The
remaining eggs will be distributed to
different points as they become suf
ficiently matured.
Million* of Fish Eggs Are Obtained
and Are Being Distributed Among
the Hatcheries.
BIG RUN OF SALMON
IN WATERS NEAR TEHAMA
Stockholders of Defunct Golden Rule
Copper Company Are Planning
Means to Get Money Back.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19. — At a meet
ing, open*"! with prayer, of stockhold
ers of the defunct Golden Rule Cop
per Company, capitalized at $1,000,
000, to operate a mine said to exist
rear Tucson, Ariz., ways and means
were discussed for realizing some re
turn for an investment of 1125.000 by
citizen* of Yonkers. The sharehold
ers found the only asset practically is
one roll-top desk, valued at $25. and
a bag of ore specimens. Most of the
investors are church folks and after
considerable discussion they author
ized the chairman to appoint a com
mittee to consider "'ways and means
that justice shall be done." Several
of the speakers charged the com
pany's officers with fraud and de
clared one of them had unloaded his
persor.al slock holdings on the in
vestors, while the plant was practic
ally worthless.
PLAN TO REIMBURSE
VICTIMS OF FRAUD
At the conclusion of the visit to the
museum the cortege proceeded to
Jackson Square, the old Place
d'Armes, immediately facing the Ca
bildo. where the formal exercises of
the day occurred.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 19.— The sec
ond day's programme of the celebra
tion of the transfer of the Louisiana
Purchase opened with a reception by
Mayor Capdeville. Governor Heard
and city and State officials assisting.
Later the Governor, the Mayor and
the guests of the State entered car
riages, and, escorted by the First
Troop of cavalry, proceeded to the old
palace of the Archbishops of New Or
leans, which was standing at the time
of the Louisiana transfer, and which
has been converted Into a colonial mu
seum. There President Fortier of the
Louisiana Historical Society formally
opened the museum.
Governor and 3Iayor Take Part in
Second Day's Festivities and
Museum Is Opened.
LOUISIANA TRANSFER
FETE IX PROGRESS
"God bless 'em all." That's what Bar
! ney Bernard said this week when he
| asked me to say good-by for him to all
j those friends of his he was unable to
J see. Having only seven days in his
1 week, he was unable to say it person
j ally to the few thousands of us he
. owns.
Well, Barney, we're all sorry to see
• you go. You are a thorough artist, and
i that finer thing— a gentleman. We have
jet to hear from you the unkind word
I of your fellow actors or see you leave
undone the kind and helpful deed for
them. We have yet to see you slight
. the lightest detail of your work or treat
: your audience with other than the most
! distinguished consideration. We have
seen you grow into character after
character, but, above all, into a painter
of your own racial traits hardly second
: to Dave Warfield himself. We see you
; go now to delight a new audience as
; you have delighted us, with regret it is
true, but also with pleasure in their
; coming enjoyment. Soon, however, we
| hope to gee you in that more serious
portraiture that your work indicates
ycu are now ripe for. Above an. Bar
, ney, we hope to see you soon again.
Bernard Says Adieu
As He Goes to Seek
Laurels Elsewhere
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Revalk celebrated their
crystal wedding to-night at the ojd family
home in East Oakland. While receiving their
puests this evening they stood in the earn*
wide bay window where fifteen years ago
they tweame husband and wife Mrs Revalk
Is a sister of Madame Caro Roma and she was
assisted in receiving by that well-known, singer
and another sister. Mrs. Sam Adams
About 150 Invitations had been sent out and
there were few regrets, eo that the cozy, old
fashioned residence was taxed to Its utmost
to accommodate the merry throng. A number
of musicians were among the guests, so that
the reception finally developed into a really de
lightful musicals. One of the most pleasins
features was the singing hy the three talented
sisters. Madame Roma, Mrs. Revalk and Mrs.
Adams, who rendered several of the trtos for
which they were noted in their girlhood days
There were solos. al.%T. and Miss Eugenia Bar
ker, a vlsltins member of an English opera
company, added to the enjoyment of the even
ing with several beautiful songs. There wern
piano solos by Mrs. Lulu Ayres, Swift and
Vernal Revalk, readings by Mrs. Adams and
songs by Mrs. J. Williams and Miss' Ethel
Lawrence.
Mr. and Mm. Revalk were the recipients of
many exquisite pieces of cut glare.
Among the Invited guects were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. Frtedeger, Miss Ethel Fried
eger, Harry Hanson, V. P. Korthey, J. Ever-
Bon Douglas. Mme. Caro Roma-Douglas, Miss
Eugenia Barker. Mr. and Mrs. Sam Adams,
Mr. and Mrs. George Chase. Bert Chase
George Chase Jr. Howard Hogan, Miss Mae
Hogan Mrs. A. Steffanonl. Miss Tiny Paulsen.
Miss Verdie Roussin. Jack McCarthy, W Dlck
erson^ Mr. and Mrs. Walter Moody. Mr. and
Mrs. S. W r atts, Mr. and Mrs. I. Herold, Mr
and Mrs. A. McCord. Miss Bessie McC<">rd, E«rl
McCord. Mr. and Mrs. A. Manasse, Mrs W
L. Prickett. Miss ]>ah Hesser. Mr. and Mrs'
John Revalk. Mrs. Caroline Revalk. Master
\ ernal Revalk, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Williams
Mr. and Mrs. Webster Welbanks. Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Northon, Misses Northon. Mr and
Mrs. Webster Jones, Mr. and Mrs. H. White
J. P. Whtt«\ Mr. and Mrs. James Dexter, Mr'
and Mrs. Frank I Dexter. Mr. and Mrs Will
Dexter. Mr. and Mrs. Otto Romer. Dr and
Mrs. Howard. Cameron, Mr. and Mrs. Dan
Eastnn, Mr. i»nd Mrs. Chalmers Easton Mrs
M. Hf^ran. Max Meyer. Mr. and Mrs Zel!«>r'.
barh. W. Broderson. IJtrtln Baccn, Will Ba
con. Harry Haywards. Otto Kaasch, T. St'itz
Will KInr. airs. Sarah Hart. Dr. and Mrs'
But«au. Mr. and Mrs. D. Ptttlnglll, P. j Van
Loben Seles. Mr. and Mrs. E, H. Hall Will
Hall. Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Lawrence, Miss
Ethslyn Lawrence. Mr. and Mrs. Gus Coh*n
Mr. and Mn. C. H. Smith. Mr. and Mrs ~G*
Oaylord. Mr". Abb»* Day, Miss Market
Jones. Mlrs Nettie Watson. Mrs. Janett* ~Tav
lore. Mr. *>nd Mrs. P. Diirgln. Mr. and Mrs
J. H. Swift. Mr. and Mrs. L. L- Balllster'
Frpd Le Dalllster. Mrs, Dominie. Miss Mnrgn
rette Dominie, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Look
MI3S Norraa Look. H. Zimmerman. MIf* B»di«
Eason. Mrs. P-ymn Brvntnn, Mr. and Mrs
J. Pickford and Miss Austin.
The Linda Vista Club enjoyed a delightful
reunion last night at the artistic home of Dr.
and Mrs. E. L. Dow on Vernon street. The
large living room was decorated with foliage
alone, but .the hall and dining-room were" bril
liant with holly berries and scarlet ribbons.
At the close of the usual games of whist,
prizes were awarded to F. B. Butler, Mrs. B.
S. Hubbard and Mrs. A. F. Coffin.
A 'Dutch luncheon" closed a very merry
evening and the club members parted to reas
semble at Mr». John A. Britton's after the hol
idays. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mr«. George H. lemon, Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Eby, Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Flint, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel J. Taylor, Air. "and Mrs. W ; T. Kelly,
Mr. and" Mrs. Edward M. Walsh, Mr." and Mrs.
B. S. Hubbard, Mr. and Mrs. James F Wig
gins, Mr. and Mrs. John A. Brltton. Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. Cotton. Dr. and Mrs. E. L. Dow.
Mr. and Mrs. A. F, Coffin. Mr. and Mrs. E.
A. Heron, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Butler. Mr.
and Mrs. John B. Eby and Mr. and Mrs. Gil
bert L. Barker.
The next meeting of the Woman's Civic Im
provement Club will be held in common echool
assembly hall, Chabot Observatory Monday
afternoon. December 21. at 3:30 o'clock. This
wfll be the laK opportunity any one will have
to become a charter member of this club, .un
less she sends in her name before January 1
to the secretary, Mrs. Kluegel, 1131 Linden
street, as the charter member ll«t will be
closed on that date. ' #
• •. • ¦
Mrs. W. 8. Baxter entertained at cards this
afternoon In honor of Mrs. Francis Crafts.
Among the guests were many members of the
Current Topic Club, in which Mrs Crafts Is
greatly Interested. Th«> guests were: Mrs.
Charles Ackerman. Mrs. A. Wlleox, Mrs L J
Roberts, Mrs. J. D. Galloway. Mrs. J. W. Nel
son. Mrs. E. J. Warner, Mrs. A. Kendall, Mrs.
.Edward Prather, Mrs. James Bennett, Mrs
George Graham of San Rafael, Miss Grace
McDonald, Miss Sturtevant, Miss Ummen,
Mrs." A. Caulfleld, Mrs. XV. Baxter. Miss
Bames>. Mrs. A. Grerory. Mrs. S. E. Wood
ward, Mre. J. M. Weber. Mm. R. C. Collins.
Mrs. V. H. Cooley. Mrs. A. Bermaise. Mrs.
Frederick H. Clarke, Mrs. r. E. McHenry.
Mrs. E. M. Ewer and Miss Florence Harde
man. •
• • • .
Mrs. Fred B. Dallam was the hostess this
week at the regular meeting of the Wednes
day Afternoon Whlet Club. This club, which
ha« been In existence for the pant two winters,
boasts an unusually large membership, nearly
all the members being residents of Linda.
Vista Heights. The meeting Wednesday was
a pleasant one, the prises being won by Mis.
David E. Brown. Mrs. J. Q. Brown. Miss
Ruddock and Mrs. Kelly, the latter winning:
the substitutes' prize. The membership list
Includes Mrs. C. D. Batta. Mrs. John Living
ston, Miss Livingston, Miss Grace Livingston,
Mrs. Fred B. DaJlam. Mrs. Richard M. Ly
man, Mrs. Gilbert Belcher. Mrs. E. T. Hea
ehaw, Mrs. Kennerly Bryan. Miss Ruddock,
Mrs. J. Q. Brown, Mrs. David E. Brown, Mrs.
B. 8. Hubbard. Mrs. J. F. Wiggins, Mr*.
Jackson, Mrs. George H. lemon, Mrs. Julien
Mathieu. Mrs. XV. F. Kelly, Mrs. Posten, Mrs.
Charles Weber, Mrs. C. B. Wlngate, Mrs. John
D. Eby, Mrs. John A. Brltton, Mies Florence
Brltton, Mrs. E. E. Englehardt. Mrs. Frank
Leach. Mrs. Frank B. Butler. Mrs. William
Wltcher, Mr«. Edward C. Prather and others.
• • • ¦ . . f
OAKLAND. Dec. 19.— Mr. and Mrs. George
C. Bornemann celebrated their wedding; anni
versary thla evening and about thirty of th«lr
more Intimate friendi enjoyed the happy oc
casion w:th them. The house waa brightly
decorated with holly leaves and scarlet ber
ries and table* were Dlaced for card games.
A pleasant hour or two was devoted to the
favored amusement of the hour, five hundred,
and later a dainty supper was served. The
host and hostess were the recipients of many
pretty souvenirs of the occasion. Amen* the
guests were: Dr. and Mrs. H. P. Carlton.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Cotton. Mr. and Mrs. F.
B. Dallam, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Kelley. Mr.
and Mrs. Shelby Martin. Mr. and Mrs. txeorge
E. de Golia. Mn and Mrs. John F. Connors,
Mr. and Mr«. Charles txivell, Mr. and Mrs.
Felton Taylor.. Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Griffith.
Judge and Mr*. Henry C. Melvln. Mr. and
Mrs. Dever McLaren and -Mr. and Mre. L. L.
Bromwell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Dec. 19. :
After deliberating all night a jury
thl3 morning brought in a verdict of
guilty of burglary in the first degree
against Charles T. Gaylor. charged with
breaking into the home of Professor
W. Wilkinson of Berkeley. The case
was an unusual one and this was Gay
lor*s second trial for, the offense, the
jury at the first trial falling to agree
upon a verdict.
Gaylor was found a little after mid
night In the Wilkinson home. He was
located In a closet, where he attempted
to secrete himself. He was locked In.
the police were summoned and he was
taken from his hiding place to jail. At
his trial he pleaded that he was In an
alcoholic trance and knew nothing of
what he had done. Certain phases of
the case so impressed the Juries that
one failed to agree and the other took
fifteen hours to finally reach a conclu
sion in the matter. Gaylor tun»ed on
all the lights in the house and so far
as could be discovered had disturbed
nothing and his conduct was so queer
generally that the prosecution had
mucn difficulty in securing his convic
tion.
He will be sentenced a week from
Monday.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Spanish explorers who accom
panied De Soto in his memorable ex
pedition from Florida to the Missis
sippe in 1540, gave many remarkable
accounts of the pearls seen and pro
cured from the natives with whom
they came In contact In their extensive
wanderings through the regions of the
Gulf States, and a hundred years later
some of the English colonists made
reference to a similar kind in their ac
counts of the more northern tribes. As
these early settlers were kept quite
busy with more pressing matter, little
attention was paid to the search for
pearls until about forty-three years
aco. In 1847 a pearl of fine luster,
weighing* ninety-three grains, was
found at Notch Brook, near Paterson.
N. J. It subsequently became known
as the '"Queen Pearl," and was sold to
the Empress Eugenie of France for
Many oddly shaped pearls are found.
Elongated flshlike forms found near the
hinge of the shell and called "hinge ba
roque pearls" are abundant. Others,
with a slight addition of gold and enam
el, may be made to represent human
and animal heads, bat and bird wings
and similar objects. A pearl was found
in this country that strikingly resem
bled the bust of Michael Angelo. In a
few instances small fishes and crabs
which entered the shell have been im
prisoned and covered eventually with
nacre, thus making pearls of them, at
the same time retaining the animal's
shape. \
Frequently pearls have an opaque
appearance and seem to be worthless,
but on the removal of their outer layer
are found to be clear and iridescent.
The outer layer may be removed by
dipping them in a weak solution of
acid, which dissolves the opaque coat
ing, or it may be peeled with a knife,
like an onion, although this is hazard
ous, as sometimes the pearl is not of
the same material throughout and can
not be restored after being peeled.
Examinations which have been made
of some of the mounds of the Missis
sippi Valley, particularly In the Miami
and Scioto valleys in Ohio, have re
vealed the fact that the long forgotten
race that erected these remarkable
structures gathered and used the
fresh water pearls to an astonishing
extent. Bushels of pearls have been
found on the hearths of some of these
Ohio mounds. These are, of course,
worthless, as they have been damaged
and half decomposed by centuries of
burial and by the heat of sacrificial
fires. An idea of the quantity found in
certain of theso mounds may be gath
ered from the fact that all the pearls
which have been found in the recent
years of search and excitement wculd
not approach in numbers those found
in any one of these mounds. It Is prob
able that the mound builders used the
mussels for food, and thus naturally
accumulated large numbers of pearls,
which were probably used for orna
ments.
SPANISH EXPLORATIONS.
ODD SHAPES.
Pearls are of several distinct kinds,
differing in shape and perhaps in ori
gin. "Free" pearls, those that are
found loose and separate, between the
folds or layers of the mantle and gills,
or between the latter and the body of
the mullusk, comprise most of the true
spherical pearls, as also many that are
ovate, pear shaped and irregular. Then
there are the pearls found between the
mantle *nd the valves of the- shell;
these, if free at all. are apt to be hemi
spherical, or in any case flattened on
the side toward the shell, while often
they are attached more or less to the
valve by a deposit of the pearly secre
tion. In the region of the hinge these
become extremely irregular in shape
and often greatly elongated, forming a
third kind, known as hinge pearls, ba
roques, etc.
The freshwater pearls differ from the
marine pearls In their greater variety
of tints and in the partial transparency
of their nacre. In color the freshwater
pearls present an extended series of
shades, from s dead opaque white, hav
ing little' value, through various tints
of pink, yellow and salmon, or a faint
purple, passing to a bright red.\ so close
ly resembling a drop of molten copper
as almost to deceive the eye. Some are
very light green and brown, others rose
color and still others are pale steel
blue, russet and purplish brown. In
addition to their color and luster they
are beautifully iridescent, and at times
the white and pink pearls are more lus
trous than even the best oriental pearls.
For some years pearls have been
steadily increasing in value, and for
the best varieties outrank the diamond
in value. This increased value is ac
counted for by the fact that the supply
Is far from equal to the demand, while
the demand has been largely caused by
the dictate of fashion. Formerly ma
rine pearls furnished four-fifths of the
available supply, but these fisheries
have gradually fallen off until now they
produce only about three-fifths of the
yearly yield, the rest being made up of
fresh water pearls, a considerable part
of which are found here.
In this country fresh water pearls are
generally found in bivalve shells of the
family unlonidae, also known as the
naiades. These mussels are most
abundant in swift and clear water,
where the bottom is sandy or gravelly
and the country rock calcareous. The
pearls found are few, and those of mar
ket value represent the destruction of
thousands of mussels for every one ob
tained. The soft internal parts of these
mollusks are covered by a thin, delicate
membrane, called the mantle, from the
surface and particularly from the outer
edges of which material is excreted to
from the inner layers of the shell.
Whenever by accidental Injury, disease
or intrusion of foreign substances local
irritation is set up in these tissues the
effect is to produce an Increased secre
tion of the nacreous matter at this
point, resulting in the formation of
pearls or pearly concretions.
KINDS OF PEARLS.
Anna Ross, a young white woman,
was sentenced this morning by Judge
Ellsworth to spend the remainder of
her life at Folsom State prison for the
murder of Mrs. Leroy, an old colored
woman. She broke down and cried
upon hearing ner doom pronounced and
then asked the Judge to allow her to
see her child before the bar^ closed
upon her forever.
The Judge told the Sheriff that if this
could be conveniently done her wish
might be gratified. As it is understood
that there are no women at Folsom the
Prison Directors may have to transfer
her to San Quentin.
Anna Ross was the consort of Victor
WaJkirez, a mulatto. The pair lived
with an old colored woman, Mrs. Eliza
beth Leroy, at Golden Gate. On the
night of May 5 last the old woman was
murdered for her money by being
struck on the head with a hammer and
a clothes line was then wound tightly
around her throat. The body was bur
ied in a shallow grave under the house
where she lived. A month later the
Ross woman told the police of the deed
and pointed out to them where the
body lav hidden.
Walklrez was tried, found guilty of
the murder and sentenced to life im
prisonment in San Quentin. His de
fense was that he was drunk and did
not remember having committed the
crime. The woman said that while she
saw the murder committed it was done
against her will. After the conviction
of the negro did all he could to con
vict his companion and succeeded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 19.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 19. — Jurymen
from abroad, particularly Oakland,
are not wanted In Alameda to assist
local residents in settling their trou
bles in the courts here and City Jus
tice R. B. Tappan told Constable
George E. Clapke that much this morn
ing during the trial of Charles Powell,
a contractor, who had been accused
by Gottleib Schumacher of hauling
sand from a beach on the south side
that is claimed by the defendant.
In rounding up possible talesmen.
Constable Clarke Included in the ve
nire J. A. Schotsaw, an Oaklander
whom the official met on Park street.
When the man from across the estu
ary appeared In court and was asked
where he lived he surprised the attor
neys and magistrate by answering
that he hailed from the Athens of the
Pacific.
"Well, what are you doing in this
court then?" queried Justice Tappan.
Schotsaw replied that he was cap
tured by Constable Clarke while
strolling along Park street and served
with, a summon; to be on hand at 9
o'clock.
"During the twenty years that I
have practiced law in this town." said
his Honor, "I have always noticed
that there has been an ignorance on
the part of many Constables as to
what their duties are. In the first
place, they should" be careful to find
out where a man lives. We cannot
compel an Oakland' citizen to come
here and listen to our bickerings. We
have troubles enough without letting
outsiders know of them. You are ex
cused, Mr. Schotsaw, and may con
tinue your stroll along Park street. If
you are held up again by a local Con
stable tell him you are from greater
Oakland, or come to me."
An examination disclosed the fact
that the telephone wire had become
overcharged through coming in con
tact with a trolley line some distance
away. The powerful current burned
out the instrument and set the room
wherein It was stationed on fire. Line
men were summoned after the flames
were conquered and the dangerous
wire was removed from the residence.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 19. — Regardless of
the danger of being electrocuted, Mrs.
George Murphy of 1315 ,Oak street
bravely battled with flames that were
ignited by. highly charged and sputter
ing telephone wires in her home last
evening. While endeavoring to sub
due the fire and pull the blazing in
strument from the wall she was se
verely seared and shocked. When as
sistance reached her she was in a
state of collapse and for a time it was
feared that her injuries were serious.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert G. Evans, who
occupy the residence with Mrs. Mur
phy, became cognizant of the accident
through Mrs. Murphy's screams for
help. They rescued her from the
apartment that was filled with smoke
and fire and succeeded after much ef
fort in extinguishing the fire.
Oakiand Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Dec. 19.
Jar=es F. Massey of San Francisco,
formerly employed as a conductor for
the Southern Pacific Company, was ar
rested to-day on a charge of felony
embezzlement by H. S. Walker, attor
ney for the United Brotherhood of
Railway Employes, who charges that
Massey withholds some $410 belonging
to the organization. Massey's story is
that the brotherhood owes him money
and he Elrnc'y withheld the money to
protect himself, having no criminal in
tent.
The trouble between Massey and the
brotherhood originated in an advertis
ing pamphlet for which Massey solic
ited advertisements. Massey agreed
cct to collect the money for the ad
vertisement*, but last night the offi
cers cf the brotherhood learned that
he had already secured payments from
merchants- amounting to $410. He was
called upon for an explanation this aft
ernoon in Attorney Walker's office, but
evidently his explanation was not sat
isfactory, for he was arrested and turn
ed over to the police. When searched
at the City Prison $410 in checks and
cash was found in his pockets.
"I diin't intend to steal any money,"
eaid Masaey. "I kept what I collected
esid intended to turn it over to the
brotherhood when I had arranged a
settlement. The brotherhood owes me
mere money than was found In my
pockets."
The bas*a for Massey's arrest was a
complaint for felony embezzlement is
eued from Judge Cabaniss' court in San
Francisco to-day, the warrant being
served upon him in Jail.
Cause Him to Be Arrested
Officials of the United Brother
hood of Railway Employes
Mound Builders of America
Buried Bushels of the Costly
Baubles in Their Monuments
Miserable Creature Weeps When
Court Pronounces Judgment
and Request May Be Granted
Justice R. B. Tappan Lectures
on the Ignorance of Duties
on the Part of Constables
Rescuers Remove Woman From
the Blazing Room and Put
Out Flames With Difficulty
Charles T. Gaylor of Berkeley
Has Two Juries Guessing
as to His Guilt or Innocence
ASKS TO SEE HER CHILD
SOME OF BEAUTIFUL TINTS
MUST SUFFER PENALTY
QUARREL OVER FUNDS
CURRENT IGNITES HOUSE
LOCAL TALENT PREFERRED
Anna Ross Is Sentenced to
Pass the Rest of Her Days
in Folsom State Penitentiary
Claims He Was in ¦ Alcoholic
Trance When He Entered the
Home of Professor Wilkinson
Alameda Judge Excuses One
From Performing Service as
Juror in the Island City
Wisconsin, Tennessee and Ohio
Fisheries Furnish the Bulk
of All the Pretty Gems
James F. Massey Collects
Money for Advertisements,
Which Makes Him Trouble
ilrs. George Murphy Is Badly
Shocked and Seared While
Trying to Extinguish a Fire
COURT OBJECTS S
TO OAKLANDERS
BATTLES WITH
CHARGED WIRE
LIFE IN PRISON
WOMAN'S FATE
UNCLE SAM'S
PEARL STATES
BURGLAR MAKES
NOVEL DEFENSE
LABOR LEADER
GOES TO JAIL
51
THS SAN \.F f .i-V CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 3.90iS
German Squadron Goes to Jamaica.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., Dec. 10.— The
German squadron, with the exception
of ths Panther, sailed for Jamaica to
day. The Panther has gone to San
Doolnso.
BERLIN, Dec. 19. — A chest of
Christmas presents, purchased by pop
ular subscriptions, has been sent from
Dresden to Countess von Montignoso,
formerly the Crown Princess of Sax
ojiy, who in December, 1901, eloped
with M. Giron. One of the motives of
the subscribers appears to have been
a d-y?ire to show dislike for the Saxon
royal house.
DOMESTIC POSTAGE IN-
CLUDES ALL POINTS IN
THE UNITED STATES,
3IEXICO, HAWAIIAN ISL-
ANDS, PHILIPPINES, POR-
TO RICO, CANADA AND
GUAM.
mail this. sumptuous
paper to your friends
in the east and
Abroad. • ,
POSTAGE ON THE
CHRIST3IAS CALL
5 CENTS DOMESTIC.
10 CENTS FOREIGN.
NEW YlfAR EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PICTURES
"QUEER NEW YEAR OF
, GLOBE TROTTERS"=¦.,** - . ' - ¦ ' ¦ ' . _
THH SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER mu3.
52
REAL. ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE '& CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$35,000 — Offer wanted; large business corner of
Fillmore et. ; . pays 4 per cent with old
Improvements; transfer corner.
$3,000— Union st, near Hyde; frame building,
store and flat above of 5 rooms and
bath; If a couple of hundred dollars is
expended on this property it could easily
be made to i>ay 10 per cent and could
readily be sold for $4000.
$5,250 — Natoma • st. near Ninth; 4 flats;
rents $50; this property is in excellent
condition;' all good prompt-paying ten-
ants; no repairs necessary: no danger
of vacancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x
75 feet. .
$7,000— Washington at. near Montgomery; 2-
story brick buildinc; rent $52 50; flne
Investment: always rented.
$8,600— Post st: a new shincle flats, 5-6
rooms; rents $20 50-$26 60-$S0; total
. rents $83; leased to* November, '04;
flats bay 11% per cent; lot 25x1:17:0
- feet; a great bargain.
$5,000^ — Webster st, near Wasnlngton;,2 mod-
ern flats, 6-6 rooms and bath; rents
4137 75; lot 25x70 ft; this property would
be cheap at $0500; price has been cut
to effect immediate sale.
$25,000 — Pacitlc ave., near Pierce st: 2-story
and basement residence of 10 rooms and
~ baths,; large blllinrd-room; grand ma-
rine vitw; extra larre lot, 42:«ixl27;8',i
feet, beinc sold for absent owner.
$9,750— Franklln-st. corner, near Golden Gate
ave. ; two-story residence renting for $G0
•per month; extra lot, 40x70; should be
Improved; a big bargain.
$10,250— Clay st., near Jones; 3 modern flats.
5-0-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
annum: always rented.
$9,000 — Minna st, near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
for $60 per month; 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet; must be sold.
$10,000— Vallejo at., near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern flats one year old: G rooms and bath
each; lot 27:6x127:6 ft: rents for
$S7 50 monthly.
$8,200— Howard -at. Investment: rents $64 50
-monthly; lot 25x85 ft; near Eighth St.;
substantial Improvements.
$10,000— Reduced from $12,600; Clay st, near
Buchanan; b«cuitiful 10- roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement; half
block from publlo square;- lot 25x100 ft;
Is . being sold at the above figure to ef-
fect aa Immediate sale.
$19,000 — New Presidio Heights resldenoe; first
floor contains large reception hall and
living-room, dining-rooms, breakfast-
room, kitchen and butler's pantry; upper
floor* contain 6 bedrooms and bath; also
billiard-room; basement contains ball-
room, laundry, servants' room, furnace,
etc.; house Just completed and sold on
account of owner's departure from city;
lot 40x127:8% 'feet
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 60:6xlC5 feet; elegant view
of -city.
$31,750— Fourth st. near "Mission; lot 2S:10x
,82:0 ft; renta nominal; should be im-
proved.
$5,750— Income $000 grow per annum: 2 new
modern flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento st; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
26x100 feet.
$7,200 — Presidio Heights residence; Locust St.,
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic: 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant; lot 25x112:0 feet. .
$35,000— Miss lon-st. corner; 100 ft front; pays
over 10 Dor. cent net; stores and apart-
ment-house above; flne Investment
$7,000 — Broadway, this uide of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 0-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,250— Moss st, between Sixth and Beventh.
near Folsom ;*H flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 24x80 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for Bale. •- -
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery it
VON RIIEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
C13 CALIFORNIA ST.
8UTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000 — 85x120; Sutjter st, near Larkln, run-
ning through to Fern ave.; in the best retail
locality* of the Western Addition; $100,000
apartment-house In course of construction
adjoining.
LARGE DEVISADBRO-ST.
BUILDING LOT.
$21,000 — 130x137:0; Devlsadero, near Washing-
ton, with old Improvements; must bo
told at once to close an estate.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$15,000—27:6x137:6; Vallejo st. near Leav-
enworth ; S new flats, renting for $140 per mo.
NEW FILLMORE-ST FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4
rooms and bath each, renting for $S5.
FELL-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$14,000—100x137:6; Fell st. between Fill-
more and Steiner; in lots to suit
CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS.
5CC00 — 60x68:0; old Improvements; renting
for $30 per month; rapidly crowing. locality.
UNION-ST.. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union st, near Van Ness
ave.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Three lots. 25x87:6 ft. each ;• Fillmore st,
near O'Farrell; flne locality for flats; must be
sold.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK 8TS.
$10,000—61:6x110; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick sts.; flne site for residence or
flats. • ¦
GEARY-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$5000—25x92:0; corner Geary and Broderlck;
rents $42 50 per month.
'MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna St., near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp st. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath,- renting for $35 per month.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT8.
$l'-*0 each— 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left In this block. •
F. R. SURRYHNE. ~
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
• 138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$7500 — Fillmore st. near Vallejo; cream of Pa-
cific Heiffhts; flne new modern residence, 8
rooms and bath; large sunny lot, 37:6x83;
commands • an unobstructed marine view;
large mortgage can remain If desired."
$6000— Close to Pine and Hyde; good 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; nice lot; a bargain.
$7250— Laguna st; Pacific Heights district; 2
flne modern flats of C and 7 rooms and bath
each; rented very low at $52 50 per month;
lot "25x100.
$5000— Close to Van Ness ave. and Vallejo st;
flne 2-story bay-window residence, 7 rooms
and. bath; large sunny key lot, 25x137:6;
very cheap.
$14.000— Larkln st.. not far from California,
three 2-ntory houses of 8 rooms and bath
each, large lot, 50x100; suitable for an apart-
. ment-house site.
$4300— Union St.. close to FHlmore: nice 2-
story house of C rooms and bath; In perfect
condition; .lot 25x137:6.
$16,000— Mission St.; four 2-story houses of 3
rooms and bdth each; rented very low at
$110 per. month; large lot: owner very anx-
ious to sell and an offer will be entertained."
I $2250— Close to Clement st. and "5th ave.: bay-
window cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
120; small monthly payments- if desired.
$4750— A plclup; close to Halght and Sent s;s.;
nice 2-^tory bay-window house of 7 rooms
and bath; lot i'5xlCl>. ' •-
ALL Al. PROPOSITIONS.
$15,500— Clay et.: rents $i::2 60.
$15,000— Rents $127 50; nr.Broderick and Clay.
$11,750— Rents $110; close to Devisadero and
Pine sts. i . .
51.-J.5OO— Rents $106: Devlsadero St.; new.
i $19,O()C— Rents $1C5; Bush St.; new.
$20.000— Rents $102 60; Franklin st.; new.
$7.i'5n— Rents $00; Grove st; modern. -
$5,000— Filbert st; Pacific Heights; rents,
BUILDING LOTS.
DEVISADERO ST
WALLER ¦ ST. -
BUENA VISTA AVE
ALPINE ST.' ' . :
Lots from 25 to .15 ft. frontage and from
$2000 to $4500 In price. If you arc looking for
a choice building lot, on which to erect a flat
or home, do not fail to look at this property.
It Is surely the most sheltered block in the
\v estern 'Addition, also - commands an unob-
structed panoramic view of the entire city and
Alameda County. Several lots Bold during the
past.- week, on .which are to be erected flne
homes. Don't fall to look at this property.-
¦' ; HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
' . • Property.
$7,000— Residence, Octavla, near Broadway; 7
rooms and bath- has a view of bay; 25x
$3,500 — Residence, Lombard, near Larkin: 8
\\. ;>.,;>> rooms and bath; flne view of bay; 25x
¦ 137; .
$20,000— The finest view of the bay' In this
city; convenient for cars and teams;
view, assured forever; SW." corner Lar-
kln and Francisco; 137x137. ¦
$7,200— Marine view lot; Hyde st. near Chest-
nut: 30:8x110; very fine-, view assured;
new. building- on each n'.de of It.
$5,0Q0 — Lot on SW. corner Larkln ¦ and Lom-
,bard st«.;; 25x105; magnificent marine
view from every window.
$4.500— SE. corner *Larkin and Greenwich; 50x
62:Cr elegant. view of Golden Gate and
— bay.- • -. ... ., '...
$3.000— I>ot Franklin . st, . near Filbert; 63x
ICO; street sewered; make an offer. '
$4.000 — Lot. Greenwich st. between Van Ness
av». and Franklin at; 60:Sxl37:6; will
divide It. .
$3,000— Let on Preclta ave., near Folsom. fac-
ing Rt<ark; on electric car line; ready
to l.ulld on; 50x100.- will divide.
HAWKS & SKELTON.- 323 Montgomery at.
FOR choice ; list of clt* property, houses and
. lots, also ' Oakland and Berkeley - bargains,
call on or eddreea ,.¦-¦ • .
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st
$1400— CLIPPER St.; cottage. 4 rooms: 3 attics;
high basement. J. STRAUB, 630 Market st.
nEAL ESTATE— Conntry— For Sale.
For sa'le $25 per acre, one-half down. 2SO
acres of" choice berry, fruit, table or win-
grape land: near Cait. Sacramento i ounty ;.
100 acrt* creek bottom land: this *n.l lies
nicely to subdUlde and will b» sold In small-
er tracts If desired; must be sold in ths next
sixty days to close an estate.
$S»0— $i<A down: 20 acres of choice fruit.
berry, table or xvlne grape land: Sacramento
County, close to school and in gootl neigh-
borhood. ; ' .
J160O— $RCO dotvn; 4O acres of flne.y Improved
land on Cherokee Lane road, Joao.uin
County: two barns 7-rnoni nt-uso. l«n win*
mills, smatl orchard aivl other Improvements;
this is a line home for some me and the Ur.-l
Is choice fruit land.
$2ix> will buy 5 a^rcs of choice berry Md in
Sacramento County i-Ioro to ro(hI school. (
Wanted— Blacksmith to punha:w a No, I
business in country tnwn; must have *OtO.
QUIGULK 7-j:: Market st.
Care W. & R. Co.. ban Franci.tco. ur ad-
dress box 15. Cc'.t. .-¦ : ' J i--
SACRIFICE— Klegant ranch, 64 acres level sed-
iment land, two miles from Pleajanton; ele-
gant residence built by English noM*»nwn;
farmins; tools and h.>rs*s with ranrh. $12,500.
Address N. A. BEIIAM. I'leasanton. Cal.
A CHRISTMAS GIFT.
For the family: »unw»r cottage and l"t *t
Brookdale. Santa Cruz County, for sale; $330.
Apply box W, Fruitvale 1'. O. • •'.¦ ¦:.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-%cra farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet It's free. 403 3 rt.
WRIGHT A K1MBROUOH. Sacramento. Cat.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm: itood Improve-
ments; good location; connected with 8an
Francisco by rail and electric earn. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR farms, orchards and vineyards, poultry
• and stock ranches, timber and gTazins; lands,
csll or send for our catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL A CO.. 607 California st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orcaartta,
Ylnayards: Inspected barrains; monthly cata,-
tree C M. WOO3TEJI CO.. ft*
Market it.
ALFALFA out specialty; best alfalfa Uad at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 11* Montxoxnary st.
TEN acres adjoining Stanford. Unlvsrsttyi
Cheap. Box 4S99. Call offlca.
PAI.O AIiTO BSAX ESTATE.
KEEP YOUR 1 EYE ON PALO ALTO. "
A few of Palo Alto's choicest bargains In to-
proved and unimproved property. Read list *•-
low carefully, make your choice and call at ta»
office and arrange for the purchase of Bometa.n«
worth possessing: Indeed, what might b« termed
the best value for the amount of mon«y Invested
that can be offered in the town of Palo Alto.
IMPROVED.
$7000— Ten-room house, new; one acre of ground,
with the privilege of buying additional
ground if purchaser desires: this property
is located near Forest ave.. with a beauti-
ful outlook.
jeOOO— New. modern 2-story. 8-roomed house, of
large rooms; slie of lot. 75x150; this prop-
erty is located within half a block of Uni-
versity ave.. on Gulnda St., where some of
the best residences In Palo- Alto are now
being built; this property Is easily worth
$7600; heated by hot air furnace; every-
thing complete, ready to move Into.
J473O — New. modern 2-story house of 9 toom»
and bath: size of lot. 60x150: location half
a block from University ave. ; this property
Is In a choice location.
$3300— Nine- room house, on the runny side of
Bryant St.; size of lot, 60x150; on one of
the best built blocka on this street: nny
one paying attention to the growth of Pala
Alto and who is at all observing; will ad-
mit that Bryant street Is destined to be
one of our best crosstown streets.
$3400 — House of 8 rooms and bath: lot 50x100;
location Hamilton ave., near Webster st. ;
on the sunny side of the street; Hamilton
ave. is destined to be cne of our choicest
residence avenues In town. ,
$27C0 — Seven-room, new 1^-story cottage; lo-
cation on the sunny side cf Webster St.;
size of lot, 60x150; this property as an In-
vestment will pay 10 per cent
UNIMPROVED.
JSOCO — One whole block of land, covered with
live cak trees, which can be subdivided
so a purchaser can double his unoney; any
one looking for a desirable Investment
should not let this go unheeded.
$2000 — Quarter block on Webster st: location
desirable; property well worth $2300.
$1500 — Corner lot; Lytton ave.; sunny side of
the street : 2 blocks from University ave. ;
cheap at $2000.
$1400 — Lot 100x200; on Hamilton ave., near
Cowper st.; flrst-class bargain; this be-
yond a doubt within the next six months
I will go to $2000.
$1000 — Corner let. 100x100: location Hom»r
ave.: sunny side of the street; location de-
sirable. \ •
The above lists are a few of the choicest
properties that we are now offerine at pric»»
that might be considered inviting. Call at tha
office and let us take you out and look at this
property.
J. J. MORRIS.
Palo Alto, Cal..
. Santa Clara County.
BAH MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THB FINEST SUBURBAN RESTDENCS
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We hare a choice list of excellent reddene*
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fait
to see us before buying. Investigate Baa
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lots of about on* acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. Sea our local agent,
Frank S. Grummon. Ban Mateo ofSo* opesj
Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post St.
SPECIAL— 830 ACRES- CHOTCB LAND.
Close to city of San Mateo. Oak trees, rua-
nlr.g watsr. Caa b* bad at $173 per men.
Sold to clos* an estate. Can be> sub4fvtd«t
Into 5- acre tracts and sold at a splendid profit.
Particulars of FRANK S. GRUMMON areas
at San Mateo. or BALDWIN A HOWELX*
23 Post Et
SAN MATEO— BUBXJNOAMZL
Best -suburban homes near San Praodsoof
no ferry: electric railroad. now running: Iota
and residences for sale; we can sell good lota -
as low as $5GO each: we will bo glad to mhow
them; we also have some acreage l«M Max by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St.. San Frandsoo.
arent, 8. G. GOODHUE. Western Union T»L
bldg.. San Mateo.
rOI.VT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tract*!
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. ~~
VALUABLE timber and coal land. Kentucky,
for rooming-hous« or income property; also
California real estate sama. ftfOSSaCAN.
411 Examiner building.
A HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath In good loca-
tion in Oakland to exchange for small nnoH
In Alameda County. P. C. LAS3SN A COL.
466 Tenth st.. Oakland.
FOUR lots tn ' Sausallto. dose in. for sale or
exchange for Berkeley property. CHENEY
* BERRY. P. O. block. Berkeley.
EXCHANGE with builder, house, rsnted. ft*
building work. Box 4627. Call office.
$2200— BRICK store, center Redwood City, for
city property. 1128 Vallejo st
FOR exchange— About 23 canaries: will tak*
typewriter. Box 4833. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEPA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY/.
$1COO— 5-room 1%-story cottar*; lot 2Stl01|
terms.
$1000 — 8-rootn 1-story' cotu<«; lot 28x100;
terms.
$1400— H-room 1-story cottage; lot MxlOO;
terms. -
$1750— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 28x123; \J
cash.
$2150— T-room 1-story cottar«J lot MxUOt
$500 cash.
$2150— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot lOxllJ; %
; cash.
$23(W — 6-room 1-story cottage; lot SQxlSO; V,
cash.
$.1100— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 80x130; \i
cash.
Two rice water front cottages on Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 140»> Webster st.
: ' — 1 ' •
FINK bargains, easy payments.
2 cottages: lot WxlOS; rents for $18; make
us »n c-er.
fi-room cottage, windmill, etc.: lot 50x140;
offer wanted. -
5-room ehlnsled cottage; lot o5xtOS: $2000.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1124 Park st.. Alameda. Cal.
¦NEW mortem R-roora cottage: splendid location;
nunny corner lot: on ea?y terms. H. C
MKHRTENS. cor. Seventh st. aad Railroad
avenue. _ .
HEAL ESTATE — <?ITY- — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL
25 POST ST.
10 LEVEL LOTS
HAYES.
FELL, AND
BRODEK1CK
STREETS.
SUITABLE FOR
FLAiti UK maJBlDtStiCBB.
$2500 AND UP.
$6,100— A positive bargain; comparatively new
pair of fiats ou the north side or Fred-
erick et near Anhbury; Nos. 212 and
214; lante lot. 25xll«:t;; modem
throughout: rented low at SpWJ per year;
we are instructed by the owner, who
reside* in the East, to sell this prop-
erty Ht once; the price has be*ii re-
duced frozn $j(>0O 10 make a quick sale;
the flats could not be duplicated for
less lhan 5WX*); lot worth $»'i00; get
permit lrota our office.
$4,000— Kent J.4J per month; 4 separate flats
cf 4 rooms each, in splendid renting lo-
cation. clo«e to Third «t. : lot runs
through from street to street, having
double frontage; ail in perfect order;
iiow roof. t-tc. ; must be sold this »itk ,
a bargain can be had in this property.
$4.25O— Ppiendid l evidence on Pine St., 2-
story house. 7 rooms and bath; modest
plumbing; porcelain bath, etc.; cheap-
est house to be had in the Western
Addition.
$0,600— Rents $C5 per month; large lot. 25x
144; on Fillmore ft., near McAllister:
two-story frame building of 2 flats of t>
and 7 rooms and bath each; building
could be raised and store put in ci
small cost, making ibis a choice piece
of business property.
$5,760— Tw 0 flats In Western Addition at a
bargain: we have 2 flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; not far from the Park,
close to Halght-Bt. cars, on a lot -5x
' tO. and renting for $56 60 per month;
this is a splendid investment.
$20,000 — Must be sold before owner leaves for
Europe in December; large lot, M
xl37:tf; frame building, renting for
$82 60 per month; rU'ht down town,
with elegant exposure; suitable for small
hotel or apartment-house; near Sutter
and Powell sts. - -
$2,000 — Tremont ave.. near Waller st ; only
one block to Halght-st. cars; very Ue-
slrahle little home, consisting of a cot-
tage containing 6 rooms and bath; r-»
occupied by owner, but renting fur
$22 60 per month; a well paying in-
vestment if not wanted for a home.
$LO00 — The asking price; any fair olttr will
take this property belonging to an as-
sociation which desires to sell its reat
estate; larce corner lot. 60x85, com-
manding s splendid view; desirable for
a builder; corner Hill and Sanchez sts.;
take Castro-st. cars.
$S,600 — Rents $&K) per annum: lot 25x122 :G, to
rear street; 2 splendid flats of ti and 7
rooms and bath each, and cottage of 5
rooms; street work all done; always rent-
ed; Vallejo st.. close to Van Ness ave.
$4,000 — Clementina st., near Sth; lot 25x80: 4
separate flats; rents $41 60 per month;
must be sold.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 Post Street.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$27,600 — Rent $130 per month; a choice corner
on Fulton st. ; eplendld improvements
consist of store and <i flats, all in perfect
order and steadily rented; 60x75.
$10,000 — Rent $1200 per annum; less only the
i taxes and insurance; near Kearny ami
Eush sts • brick building; a bargain.
$8,750 — Kent $S70 per annum; Park Panhandle;
S nice new flats of ti rooms and bath
each; 25x100:3.
$8,000— Rent $1020 per annum; near 1st and ;
Folsom sts. ; 60x70.
$4,500— Nice little homo on Vine st; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath and lot, gar-
den, etc ' t
$4.250 — Price reduced; a harsrain; Jackson st.;
-87:6x110; bouse of 7 rooms, also stable.
For further particulars of^the above, and for
the "R*al Estate Record." containing a list of
properties for Bale in all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots: close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnized streets: lots level and
ready to build oa; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
cltv at a very reasonable figure; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our of-
fice G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
st. Real Estate Acents and Auctioneers.
> NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery Et. Opp. Mills Bldg.
PRICE ?S500.
Rents $»88,
POST STREET.
3 new up-to-date flats, beamed
ceilings, electricity, etc.
Beautiful
Pacific Heights flats,
well-built and attractive,
6 and 6 rooms and bath,
price ?eooo.
PRICE $4500.
RENTS $640,
« fine, attractive building, brick founda-
tion, only 3 blocks south of Market
55 x 120 feet,
richt down town
fronting on two streets,
In the heart of the down-
town apartment section,
PRICE, $27,600.
PRICE $7350.
RENTS $SS2.
60-foot frontage. 6 flats.
perfect condition, never idle,
separate entrances near 3d st.
ELEGANT
\ modern residence, 8 rooms,
few steps from Park Panhandle,
I PRICE $€750.
PRICE $550rt,
• RENTS $864,
3 flats. 4-5-0 rooms.
email St., nr. O'Farrell and Fillmore.
BARGAIN:
cheap Mission flats,
4 and r> rooms and bath, on 15th st,
PRICE $4500.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery st. ; Opp. Mills Bldg.
" FOR SALE.
ABHTON & GARDINER.
Real K»tate and Insurance,
411 MONTGOMERY ST. •
' Telephone Main 043.
$100, 000— Geary st., opp. St. Francis Hotel;
mapnlncent iu-o»erty in the heart of
' th« coming retail center.
$42,600 — Main st.. near Mission; a full water
lot. with ::-Ftory brlok building; must
be sold to close estate.
N. W. cor. Haicht and Fillmore sts.; 137:Cx
lfrfcC; magnificent Kite for stores and
flats: moke offer.
North cor. Ninth arid Bryant st«. ; 50xS5: part-
ly Improved: rents $105 per month;
offer wanted.
$12,600— H. W. cor. Union and Dunont ets.;
Improvements consist of 3-story build-
In* renting fcr $1200 per annum.
$10 000 — Fifteenth Ft., near Church; 3 new
flat?, renting for $1050 per annum.
$2,<55O— Webster srt., near Oak; fine building
lot. 25xlCO.
$1.200— Loir bard fit., near Bak»r; excellent
flat sites: lot 25x155.
Washington ft., near East; lot 20x60; 3-story
frame bulMlng; improvements coming this
way rapidly. •
South line of Geary st. near \an Ness »v«.;
lot 'Mx12O; flne modern buildinjt, consisting
of three flats, rentln* for $1440 per annum,
neighborhood steadily Increasing in value. ,
IF DURING 1903
You have accumulated nothing but a
lot of rent receipts, don't allow
yourself to «?oon that way any longer.
You owe It ;o your family to provide , .
them with a home, and you can easily
Ket a home for them with our easy
rent savins plan.
Write us for particulars.
/ OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
DAY ST.. NEAiTnOE.
and
POTRERO AVE. AND TWENTY-THIRD.
Look at them to-day. Both new and built
In the best possible manner; 6 rooms and
bath each. Easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
CHEAP lo'ts on
Elehth ave.. rear A st;
Army and Guerrero sts. . .
Day and Noe sts., .* J :
22d ave. and Clement st. ¦
Crescent ave., near Mission st,
Fan Bruno and Sliver aves.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 I'ost st.
$3200 — ELEGANT residence of 7 large rooms,
l.ath and modem improvements; stable In
rear of lot; street work done. See owner
on premises. 171 Randall St., near Mission
and Thirtieth st?.
START the new year In your own home; $250
anrl $20 per month, cottage 5 rooms nnd
• bath: $?50 and $25 per month, house. «j rooms
and bath: $250. new 5-room cottage and $25
per month. D. COFFIN. 3.VJT. ¦ Mission st.
BARGAIN — Modern O-room cottage; conven-
Jent: large basement: «35oO. QZ-i Ninth ave.,
1 near C ct.
nEAI. ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
«:JS Market street
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
Tuesday, December 22, 190:;. 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salecrcdm.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Leavenworth ,»tt., between Pine and California
' sts.— Lot 40sC0 ft.: 2 frontages: through to
Helen st.. Nos. 1037-39-41-43; improvements:
3 elegant flats, 5 rooms and bath each, also
a handsome 10-room residence, all in J^r"^-
class condition; permanently rented at $1500
a yeor.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East line of Clayton st. 27:6 ft. North of
HaiEht Ft.. Nos. tj52,64-50— Extremeiy large
lot 33xlC0 ft.; Improvements: 3 absolutely
new Hat.*, y rooms and bath each, electric
light?, gas, patent gas gTateB, expensive
wooden mantels, tiled i-lnks in bathrooms.
URARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
Eouth line* of Geary ft.. 1:>7:G ft. west of
Gougli St.— Lot 27:Uxl37:G ft.; No. 1353 Geary
st: a handsome 2-:>tory frame residence, 10
rooms and bath, high basement, brick and
conc.ete foundation; rents $S3 per month;
could easily W reconstructed into two flats.
WEBSTER-STREET FLATS.
Npb. 107-9-11-13 Webster «t.. north of Wallar
ft. — Improvements: 4 new flats, built less
than a year aco. containing 6-0-6-9 rooms
and porcelain baths; rents $140 per month;
bltumfnjzod streets, concrete sidewalk: $5000
mortjrarf con remain".
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
West line of White St.. 157:(> ft. north of
Vallejo St., between Hyde and Larkln, Now.
17 and 17'/. — Two flats: rents 1« per month.
R1CHLAND COTTAGE.
East line of Cook st.. 125 ft north of St. Rose
St., between Point Lobos ave. end Rose st. —
Lot 25x120 tt.. cottage of fc rooms and bath;
rented for $15 per month; Geary-street cars
within U block. /
TWENTY-SECOND-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 3740-42 22d et., east of Noe st— Lot 25x
114 ft.; improvements: 2 modern flats, 4 and
6 rooms and bath; lower flat is furnished;
furniture to bo included in sale of property;
rents $39 per month.
MISSION RESIDENCE. !
East line of Lexington ave., 86 ft south of 20th
st. — Improvements consist of 2-story resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath, brick foundation,
2 toilets, etc; this being a key lot, It com-
mands an abundance of sunshine.
HYDE-STREET INVESTMENT.
Weet line of Hyde st., 75 ft. south of Post —
Lot 20x56, through to Meacham place; 2
frontages; No. 649 Hyde st. : Improvements:
8-room residence with porcelain baths, high
basement, patent steel range built In kitchen;
rented for $50 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East line of Harrison Rt., north of 22d st.i— Let
20:3x100 ft; No. 2529; cottage, 5 rooms and
bath, bay windows, wooden mantels, modern
in every retpect, almost new; rented for
$22 50 per month.
For further particulars Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
G3S Market street.
$55,000— RENTS $5400 a year net to owner;
new downtown hotel; 70 rms., 17 baths;
electric elevator; under lease to Al ten-
ant.
$17,600 — Choice business property on McAllister
St.; 2 stores and 2 flats; 8 rms. and
bath; rent extremely low at $1316 a
year; this Is an established business
portion of the Western Addition with a
grand future.
$7,5C0 — Residence; Washington st., near
Devlsadero: 0 large sunny rms. and
bath; high basement; house well planned;
very pretty garden.
$7,500 — Flats, (i and ' t> rms.; Grove st. 2
blocks from Park Panhandle; in flrst-
cla>-s condition; rent $55.
$7,6C& — Flats and stores; rent $96 a month;
Fulton St., near City Hall; heavily
' mortgaged; building in. first-class condl-
! tion: call early for description, as this
I piece of property will eell quickly.
$C,750 — Rents $7S0 per annum; 4 absolutely
; new flats; modern in every respect: pat-
ent gas grates, electricity, I wooden man-
tels, open plumbing, porcelain baths,
tiled sinks, high basements; large lot.
50-foot frontase; located In nice portion
of the Mission.
, $5,500 — Residence; Park Panhandle; a per-
fect beauty; 6 rme. and porcelain bath;
built only 2 years; owner leaving city;
must sell; $3000 mortgage; take advant-
age of this.
$4,750 — Residence; f almost new; Ashbury
Heights; 10 rms. and porcelain bath;
beautiful throughout; electric lights,
tiled sinks, vestibule reception hall; In
fact, revelation In modern architecture;
a sacrifice.
$4.500 — Geary-st. residence, near Steiner: 7
rms, and bath; a snap for the money.
$3,700 — Mortgage. $3000; owner must fell;
beautiful residence; 9 rms. and bath;
modern throughout: Just think! only
$700 cash needed to secure this home;
located in Western Addition.
$3.500 — Birch ave.:- 2 flne flats, rented to
steady tenants at $30 per month: $1600
mortgage can remain; this Is a positive
bargain.
For further particulars. Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
63S Market St.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., ~~"
63S MARKET STREET. •
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$30.000— Rents $2700 per annum; McAllister
St., close to Market: 0 mag-nlflcent flats.
$22,500— Bush st. near Post: 50x120 through
to rear street: natural eite for apart-
ment-house; 15-room residence, rented
for f 100 per month.
$16,600 — Pacific Heights; unsurpassed marine
view; 2 new flats, 10-11 rooms, rented
for $140 per month; magnificent
throughout
$9,500 — Franklin st. corner; 40 feet frontage:
elegant 12-room residence; original cost
$15,000; rented for $00 per month.
$6,600— Park Panhandle residence, 10 rooms
and bath; must be sold to close an es-
tate; rent $50.
50,150 — Residence on Steiner at. 6 rooms,
bath, finished basement and stable.
$5,700 — Business corner; 2 flats and store;
first-class condition; rent JCCO per an-
num: Mission warm belt.
$4.750 — Natoma 6t.. near 8th; 4 flats; rents
$45 per month; positive Eacrlflce.
$4,500 — Tehama st., 2 flats, 4 and 6 rooms;
. rents exceedingly low at $35: could be
Increased; owner forced to sell. .
I $3,250— Minna st; 2 flne flats, rented for $32 B0
per month to permanent tenants; In-
come could easily be increased.
$3,000 — Entire block bounded by Seventeenth
and Eighteenth aves., W and X sts.,
near Ingleslde: car line now being built
over Nineteenth ave.; beautiful site for
roadhoucc.
$2.800— Two flats, also stable; rents S20 per
month; Baker at., near Sutter; a snap;
call early for full details.
$2,800 — Cottage on Baker st; 4 rooms; large
lot: lot alone worth price aeked.
$1,450— Harriet st; 2 flats, rented for $12; 3
rooms each; lot 25x75; this property has
an assured future.
$1,400— Turk st; 80x127:6 feet; worth twice
the price asked; business failure causes
tale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A COMPANY,
638 Market et.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT. ¦
AA — $10,000—800 acres cattle and hog
ranch in Sonoma County; 25 acres bearing
orchard; 300 acres tillable land, balance roll-
ing pasture and timber; numerous springs and
creek water: house, barns; all fenced; cattle,
horses and implements Included; a sacrifice.
$20,000 — Highly Improved home and farm of
130 acres, near Santa Rosa; e0 acres orchard:
20 acres vineyard, balance corn or alfalfa land;
pays 12Vi Per cent on Investment; must be
sold; «end for particulars.
$2«00— 40 acre*. 26 miles from this city: 10
acrfs bottom land; balance rolling wooded
land; new house; a fine place for chickens.
$7500— S5 acres. Napa Valley land; 2% miles
from N«?a; every acre corn and vegetable
land; house, 8 rooms; 2 barns, windmill and
tank; a valuable piece of land. -
$15 per acre for J2S0 acres. Including lease
on 640 acres more: 12 miles from Llvermore;
2 nSIes from railroad atatlon: all choice hay.
grain and grazing land; 750 acres now planted.
Including all lmDlcments ; good Improvementi
fences, etc.: a prosperous cattle or sheeD
ranch. ¦
Send for our latest catalogue of California
lands, stock, train, fryjt and alfalfa farms.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT,
228 Montgomery Bt, 8. F.
¦ ¦ . .
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTSi
$500 to $1200.
Nothing to compare with our Oceanslde lots
I Fronting Ocean. Park and Boulevard.
All on official grade, ready to build on
THEY CANNOT BE DUPLICATED." J
Unobstructed ocean view! Every lot a. bargain!
Get off cars at cor. 47th ave. and H st
SEE THEM TO-DAY! . EASY TERMS!
$R0 to $300, near Park and Ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceanslde . Branch Office on 49th avenue and
K street. - ,
. OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
$600 to $1000, Choicest Sunset Dist. Lots. '¦•
Graded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly
Sunset Branch office on 9th ave., near H st
$1000. $1500, $3500 to $5000—4. «,< -8 and 8
rooms, new, modern cottages and houses in
Sunset, Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior
Homestead! Ail bargains! Easy -terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, x Owners and. Dealers.
t Room 64, Chronicle Building.
FOR sale — As a whole or in subdivisions; 60-
\ara Int. south line Union st., 137:0 feet east
of % .:Plercrt: lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.; lot. 103:0x137:6 feet Iiiqulre of
CHARLEO C. BEMIS. Real- Estate. Broker,
• 221 KariHome st. . ' . * '
NOE-ST. cottaice for $350O; between . 17th anil
18th; lot 25x110; 6 -rooms, bath, high base-
ment: barn: owner must sell; make offer. G.
A.-BERTON, 323 Montsomery st \
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR. 8 ALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. > •
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market Street.
in; to-day's Bulletin you will find an entire
page of specially selected bargains tn City
Real Estate. We issue thla page In lieu o(
a monthly R«al Estate Catalogue. The prop-
erties advertised consist of a small portion
of. the properties for which we are agents,
therefore we can recommend each and every-
one of them aa a special bargain. If you call
at our ofnee, or in any way request us to do,
we will be Dleased to send you copy of the
paper containlnc this advertisement.
If you wish to purchase a piece of property
in the city of San Francisco we would earn-
estly advise that you do not overlook thU list
of desirable bargains. . ,
PAYS OVER 23 PER CENT.
FOUR NEW FLATS.
ALL RENTED. PERMANENT TENANTS
ON THE CAR. LINE.
IN THE BEST PART OF
THE MISSION:
Only $3250 cash required. You will never
get a chance like this again.
$8500^ — Elegant modern residence: magnifi-
cent marine view; best residence portion of
Gough street: lot 23x100.
$0250 — 3 modern flats on Hatght St., near
Webster; rents $900; lot 25x100. •
$7750 — 3 handsome new modern flats on 15th
st., near Dolores; -finished in. the latest style:
rents $780.
$2400— Rents $372; * good flats on Harriet
St.; lot 25x70. - /
$5000— A well-built modern resldenoe. 9
rooms and bath; on Fell st.
N $8000— Rents $1080; 10 good flats, near 4th
and Folsom; always rented; In good condi-
tion; lot 45x80.
$2500— Rents $386; 4 flats In excellent condi-
tion; near 4th and Folsom; lot. 25x70.
$3000— Rtnts $860; 4 good flats In first-clan
condition; near 6th and Bryant •
$10,250— Saloon, 2 flats and rear house on
Minna st, near 4th; rents $1080; lot 30x80.
$20,500 — 6 new modern flats (2 years old) and
a S-atory house; rents very low, $1950; near
Powell st; lot 45x93:6.
$12,000—3 new modem flats on Oak at, near
the Park Panhandle; rents $1308; lot 25x137:6.
$3200—2 flats, 4 and S rooms and bath; on
25th sty near Sanchez: renta $420; lot 29:7x114.
$2300 — Handsome modern cottage. 5 rooms
and bath; on, 26th at, near Noe; lot 23:11x114.
$3500 — Handsome modern residence, 9 rooms
and bath, only 4 years old; on Aehbury
Heights, between Waller . and Frederick sts.
Don't fail to look at our advertisement in to-
*£" Bullet ln. It's worth your while and
will pay you well for doing so. Free copies
at our office.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. MS Market st.
CANCO. GUNZ & CO..
634 MARKET ST.
Telephone Main 53S0.
$23,500— Rents $253 a month; grand corner
Investment. 100 ft. from Market St.; 10
new modern flats, 4-5 rooms and baths;
¦ £ >arge lot. 60x110 ft.
$11,000 — Corner on Webster at., near Me- I
Alllster; 3 modern flats, 6 room*, baths
each; rents $100 a month; very cheap.
$8,000— Rents $840 a year; flno business cor-
ner in the Mission; store, flat and cot-
.tage; new improvements; large mort-
gage demands Immediate, sale of this
property.
$8.000— Sutter st. near Scott; renta $720 a
•year; 2 modern flats, 6-9 rooms and
baths; very swell; largest lot In the
neighborhood.
$7,250— Pays 12 per cent per annum: 2 elegant
new flats, D-6 rooms, baths; very choice; I
near Halcht and Schrader sts.; lot 25x
$7,000— Rents $700 a year; 2 swell flats, 6
rooms, baths, etc.; lot 32x117:6 ft;
— -«- MlssIon warm belt and close to Guerrero.
$6,500— Rents $720 a year; fine corner, near
Eddy and Pierce sts.; 2 flno flats, tf
rooms and baths- each; also large house -
lot SSxllO ft . _
$6,500— Rents $618 a year; Grove rt., near
.»A^ aouKh; 3 flat9 ' 6 * 0 " 8 rooms and baths.
$6,000— Reduced to make quick sale; renta
$600 a year; 2 brand new flats, "6-6
rooms, baths; 2 years old; mortgage
$2500 can remain; best portion of the
Western Addition.
$5.750— Rents $B30 a year: -2 new modern
flats, 5-6 rooms, baths; finished room In
.. „. basement; close to Hatcht and Shrader.
$5,250 — Rents $624 a year; absolutely a guar-
anteed income; 3 bay-window flats,
6-6-6 rooms; bath In each flat; patent
flush toilets, etc.: cement sidewalk -
large lot. 25x90 ft. ; close to 8d and
Folsom ats.; eicknesa ' only ' reason for
belllnc.
$5,000— Easily worth $5500: a • flne 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath; on Steiner,
near O'Farrell st. •
$4.000— Rents $480 a year: 3 flats. 4-3-3
; rooms: Natoma St., near 6th; cheapest
property In the block; sunny side of
street : 25x75 ft.
$3.000— Rents $320 a year; 2 flne flats, 6-6
rooms; bath and wash trays in each
flat; close to 3d and Folsom sts.
$3.500— Rents $420 a year; 3 flats, 6-3 rooms;
corner, on Clementina st, near 2d;
larce lot.
$3,000— Rents $360 a year; 2 flats. 4-5 rooms
-and baths; flne condition; close to 18th
and Guerrero sts.
$2,750— Snap; Sacramento st, near Powell;
flne house, 8 rooms and bath; cement
walk.
i For further particulars, call at our office.
GANCO. GUNZ & CO.,
034 MARKET ST.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery it.'
$12,500— Ninth at., one block from Market:
2-story and basement building, containing 2
bay-window flats of « and 7 rooma and bath
each: building .should be raised and store built.
$t£0O— Rent $«7 50: flne northeast corner on
Castro St.: lot 26:6x105; Improvements, 4 flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath ; each.
$7<"HH) — Good business corner on Castro st :
lot 30x85, with store and flats; rent $62; new
buildings; a ereat barrain. ,'.
$25.000— Investment on Polk St.; rent $165- 4
flats and 2 stores: new and modern *
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT
$COCO— J'erry st., close to Harrison and
Third: 4 flats.
INSIDE ELLIS AND HYDE STS.
$•"5,500 — Expensive improvements: 5 flats al-
most new. paylnar $220 per month; lot worth
$21,000; over C550 square feet.
. $.'17,000— Geary st.. east .of Taylor: 2-story
building; land rapidly increasing in valuo
$8000— Baker St., a short distance from Clay;
rent $75; V. flats of 0 and 8 rooms and bath
each; Jot .25x120.
$30,000 — Turk st., clos* to -Hyde: lot 37-Cx
137:0,- old Improvements of nominal value;' a
good location for modern improvements
$675<>— Rent $55 per month; 2 handsome flats
on Cole St.. Panhandle district; contains 6 and
7 laree. sunny rooms and all latest conveni- j
ences; kitchen tn center of house: dining-room
la paneled; all rooms prettily tinted; lot o0
feet front.
$75CO — Two expensive flats; new, well ar-
ranged, attractive, substantial; lot 25x100-
Lyon st., ner.r McAllistrr.
S10.C00— Rent $105; Geary st. near Hamilton
square; 3-story building, containing 5 flats 4
of 3 rooma each ami 1 of « rooms; thla price
Includes furniture for IS rooms; large lot.
517,500— Fine corner near Park Panhandle,
containing fi flat?. 4 to 8 rooms and bath;
built about cno year; total rents. $150.
$tiOOO — Two flats of 5 and (J rooms and bath,
near He.k:r ami California pts. ; thcs» flats
have been nowly painted nnd have new plumb-
ing throughout: rents $50.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$0500 — Fine corner on Sutter st:; near Fill-
more; residence of 7 rooms and bath: brfck
foundation and furnace; 27:6 ft. front: must be
sold, as owner wants to leave town
MUST BE SOLD.
$15,000— Brand new 2-story attic and base- .
ment residence of. 14 rooms: 2 baths; G brick
mantels; U wn?hstands; billiard-room: all ele-
gantly finished in hardwood; grand unob-
structed marine view; near Vallejo and Steiner
streets.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
$5.*>OO — IJRANNAN Bt'.. near 7th;. corner
$2500— 100x70; cottaice, 5 rooms.
Sr>C0O — iVRller at.: elegant res., 8 rms., bath
l S2C00 — _ ilats. -4 and 5 rooms, bath.
$2000— 23d.. near Dolores; 5 rooir.s and bath
SU0O— Lot-TSxl 50.
$200— Lot 25x150.
Pine st, near Taylor; 10 rooms, bath.
NK. cor. 19th and Dolores: lot 12Oxl2(».- '
Dolore?. bet. 23d and 24th; 2 fiats; lot 2Sxll7
to rear street.. • .' i
,- Tehama St.: lot 25x75; improved. !
Tehama : lot 25x150. through' to Clementina. '
Two flats. 14 rooms, baths, carriage house,'
' barn; lot 45x122. " ' '.
Chestnut st. to Lewell; lot 46x137; Improved- '
rents ?S6.
Larkspur: 10 acres: 10 cottases.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
$1100 — CHEAPEST .corner in Richmond" 49x
100: Clement St.: sewered, graded, ready for
building. - - - ¦
$400— A barcain in Sunset: 25x119: Thirteenth"'
ave.. nr. L st: a delightful, view. |
$100— Only : a NE. corner on Market st. and
Thirty-ninth ave.: 125x124; grand ocean view.
$80 each — Some choice level ¦ lots now in gar-
den: 25x124: near good road and ocean beach
CHAS. W. POPE, owner. 11 Montgomeiy.
AN elesant marine view residence,- 7 rooms
and bath: laundry in yard; everything first- !
' class; would rent for $35: owner. going East; >
must bo sold: make offer: any offer sub-
mitted. MONETA INVESTMENT CO.. room
33. Flood bldK. : ,
6-ROOM cottage: modi; recep. hall, bath.pantry;
easy terms. . Excelsior Homestead • Mission.
LOTS N 'Or. 8 -side 'of : Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. OUT* N. 630 California st.
PLUMBING In all its branches; Jobbing. AHlZ
BACH & MAYER, Plumbers, 836 ? Howard.
1 REAL KST ATE— -CITY — FOB SALE.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
7 flne new apartment flats, 4 rooms and bath
each, on NW. corner on Pine st.: rented for
$178 CO; price 119,000; pays 10 per cent net.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
' On Clementina st. ; '4 flats; rented for $41 per
month; price $1250. ¦ -
Two flats on small street, east of Jones, near
Post: lot 40 foot frontage;. rented for $90; price
$10,500.
COLONIAL FLATS. - / --
Now buiiaing. 2 flne new flats close to the
park; on main street; 6 and 6 rooms; splendidly
finished throughout; gas and electric lights,
marble steps, etc.; price $7lxX>.
SUNNY MODERN FEATS
On Clay st., near Baker: •* and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for 577 60 per month; lot
25x127; price $S750.
MISSION ST..
Between 3d and 4th. 3-story building: rented
very low at $127 per month; price $35,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New, modern, up-to-date. 7 rooms and bath;
price $4350; street bitumen.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New, modern flats. C rooms each; all rented
for $50 60 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE."
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots. 90x121; near
18th St.; close to cars; enly $2500.
IN BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st.; good corner. 50x70 feet;
only $730; owner very anxious to sell.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lak« st.
running back to Mt. Lake Park; 29:« ft. front;
price only J1500.
LOOKING INTO THE PARK.
.On Frederick St., near Stanyan; lota 87:«x
137:0; bitumen street work and sewer belna;
dona at expanse of owner. These lots at the
price art positively tco cheapest tn the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now
onered at $1750; 8 flne modern building s now
beln* erected on thla property.
;» BBJAUTIFUL LOTS
5«i I • atr *nc« and looking into the park; 27:8
Price $4M0** t l0t * la tt * Clty '° r ele ** at fl * u «
McAFEE BROTHERS?
, 1C8 MONTGOMERY BT.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
PERMANENT INVESTMENT t
tirnnrv^S,* Ch * n c« for Big Advance t
$1CO.COO— Paya over 7 per cent net on level
f »r c . e to new F 100 * 1 bulldlnr at Eddy
and Market sts.; stores and 8 floors above;
- m k . w . m eoon b ® w °rth the money;
• this bargain for few days only.
$eO,000— RENT t440 A MONTH
Very large lot. 105x137:6; close to Van Nesa
ave.: * separate 2-story buildings of 2 artistic
flats each, built 3 years, never been Idle; low
renti can be Increased.
SNAP ON O'FARRELL ST.
Soon Be Valuable Business Property.
$26,000— Level block; right In town; flne build-
ing; pays about 8 per cent net.
CLOSE TO VAN NESS AVE.
$12,500— Rent $130 60 a Month.
Double lot, 2 frontages, and always rented.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$7600— Only 77 Feet from 3d St.
Rent $66 a month.
VERY CHEAP.
$14,000— Rent $116 a Month.
On Central ave, near Golden Gate Park: 60-
foct frontage: 3 buildings of 2 flats each;
cement foundations; 5 and 8 rooms and bath
each: low rents; buildings alone would cost
the money.
FEET ON POLK ST.
$10,000— Rent $70 a Month.
c ""-e, brick cellar and flat of 8 rooms and
bath. r:.^. ,
FOR APARTMENT-HOUSE !
$12,500— Lot 37:6x137:6.
Sunny side of California st., between new
Fairmont Hotel and 7-«tory bank building,
cor. California and Polk sts.
CHEAPEST BUSINESS LOT ON THB
MARKET !
$15.000— «2:6xl 00.- on Fillmore St.; paya big
and rent at once If Improved. \
ARTISTIC FLATS !
$CB0O— Rent $55 a Month.
On the high ground overlooking Golden Gate
Park, with flne view of park, water and sur-
rounding hills. ' - •.
HERE'S A SNAPJ
$1000 only — One block from Market St.. IS
mrautes' ride from Market and Kearny sta,
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
¦' 211 Montgomery st.
TITLE INSURANCE A TRUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE-
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
FALSE IMPERSONATION, Invalid power*
of attorney. Insane grantors and forged deeds
make the Insurance policy of the California
Title Insurance and Trust Company a univer-
sal necessity.
THE CALw TITLE INS. AND TRUST CO.
IN ITS TRUST DEPARTMENT accepts trusU
bv deed or by will when the trust funds are
to be Invested in real estate and other securi-
ties for the purpose of endowing colleges,
churches, hospitals and educational, religious-
and charitable institutions. Wills drawn and
cared for bv the company free of charge.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete, lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following 1
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrle A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manarer Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE. r
Pagre. McCutchen A Knight. Att'ya,
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist. 630 California st
E. H. LANGE & CO.. ¦
26 Montgomery at., room S3.
$2.150 — Elegant cottage. 0 rooms and bath;
McAllister nt.. near Stanyan. opposite
Golden Gate Park; bargain.
$13.500 — Halght nt. and Masonic ave. ; store and
2 7-rocm flats, with 2 frontages; lot 50
feet front: leased for 5 years; rent $130
per month: bargain.
' $21.500— Corner Ellis and Franklin utta.: 2 ele-
rant 10-room flats: lot o7:Cx87:6; rent
$140; lot worth $15,000; cheap buy.
E. H. LANGE & CO.. v'- ?'
¦ ¦ 20 Montgomery »t.. room 23.
' $430^ — NEW cottajce, 3 room!", near Folsom cars.
$70O — Cottage. 3 rooms, hard finished.
Mission Realty Co.. 2 Twenty-ninth st
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building-.
flKAI. ESTATE Country For Sale.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
$0000—2:5.1 acres of good land; 200 In culti-
vation? 4 springs; pood fence; house and barn;
: 22 miles from Oakland; 1 "i miles from rail-
road; s:;r>fiO mortgage.
$1350—15 acres; 12 acres vineyard" In l^W
bearing: all level land: few In two fields;
barn and well: 3 miles from Pleasanton.
! S1C0O — SO acres; all under cultivation; 4
miles east of Llvermore.
: $2500— 47'£ acres. 4 miles NW. or Liver-
more: house of 5 rooms and barn with stock
and farmins; utenstls.
$3250—10 acres; 4 acres prune orchard, bal-
ance hay land: a modern cotrags of 5 rooms,
rustic barn well mill and tank: l'i miles
from Haywards; 'i mile- to electric cars.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
71Si ACRES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
| Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes; large
!' vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; flne
houses, stables, bams, etc.; fenced In 5 fields-
cost $lfi0.C00: price JSO.OnO. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
! A- SNAP— Alameda County: profitable poultry
I ranch. home; 20 acres; sood buildings. Iccu-
\ bator. brooder: : poultry-houses complete: all
personal -property; stock. Implements, furni-
ture; over 1000 hens: orchard: water piped
over place. A. B. YOEMANS, 302 Mont-
gomery st., room 14.
A BIG list of all clasnes of ranches; state
what's wanted and I'll send descriptions.
. N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. : O Geary.
BUY a cheap home; send stamp for Hit; chick-
en-ranch»«. alfalfa, stock, fruit a r.d general
farms.' W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.
THE^CALL
JQglT P. SPSECXEI.S. Proprietor.
iZfTrtsTcuisiEimicatisiLS to IOHS KclilUGHT, Eauager
W. J. MARTUC Buslnea* Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier!". 20 Cts. Ter Week. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Maii. Including P*sta«e (Cash With
Order) : . *
DAILfl CALL (lnclud. 8unds-V 1 year. .$S.O
DAILY CALL <ln<-iud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.00
DAILY CALI By Single Month 75<-
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-O»,
vcmtrin*! f Dally... $5. 80 Per Year Extra
, F °" EI r P^ > -I Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
TOS:AGE. I Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In crdertng change of ad-
<".re»>s *hoi:ld be particular to Rive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compliance with their re-
cues t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214* Center Street. - Telephone North 11
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRA^E 140* O Street. N. W.
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Aatorta Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Union Bcuare; Murray Hill Hotel; FUtb-aTe-
Bue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO ICEW8 STAVDSt
f*erman House: P. O. News CO'.: Oreat
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO RKPHKSENTATiyB:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marauett« > axllds;
fLor* Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildinc
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAItLTON Herald S«iuare
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
S00 Ha ye* street: open until » p. m.
«C» UcAi".ist«r street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*T5 Larkin street : open until 8:30 p. m.
1041 BSsskMI street: open until 10 i>. m.
22»;i Market street, corner Elxteentn; open
vrrtil 9 p. m.
}r<? Eleventh street; cpen until » p. m.
1C06 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets,
open tir.lll J> n. m. . ,
NorthweFt corner of Twenty - second and
Kentucky Ftreets: open until t> p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
ItHAI, ESTATE^-CJTV^f'On^SALJB.
"Z^f&g^g&B AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY 163S.
SO Montgomery «t Opposite LIck House
$19 000— Devlsadero St.: store and flats; lot J
30x€2:ti; new building: rent $150.
$34 000 — Fine business corner on Devlsadero
et : rent $2400 per annum and tenant*
tnaUo all repairs and pay water extra;
lot SCxlOO feet.
$30 000 — Inside business property en Third et. ;
rent $22S0 i«r annum.
$12,000 — Post st.; two large well constructed
houses: very large lot.
$5 750 — Natcma-st. investment; good improve-
ments and with pmall outlay. Income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
Jackson et. 60-vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, eightly building location; cora-
mauds grand unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30,000.
FINK LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN."
$:i.vO0 — Sutter et.. near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence In fine condition; large
lot. 27:0x137:6 feet.
LOTS
$10,S00 — Jackson et. ; 50-vara lot In the Pre-
elfilo Heights district.
f 4.200— Steiner st.. near O'Farrell; 25x109:3.
S2.500 — Lets on Larkln et.. near .Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Lots 27.63:1*7:6, on Butter at., bet. Etelner
and Pierce.
Building lot*; NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker £t.; In sizes to suit; prices
from J2CJ0 upward.
Three lots, each 27:Gi.i:;7:<5« on eouth line oft
Geary £t.. near Fillmore. !
51. 25"— Fine building lot on Douglass st., near
Seventeenth; lies level to grade.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montcomery Et.. opp. Lick House.
$5 DOWN SI MONTHLY.
AN EVERLASTING PRESENT.
G<>t cne of those $ir»u marine view Golden Gate
Tark lots, near the boulevard, for a Christ- j
n;as present to your children; ,4t will make ;
th«-7n rich while they arrow up with the ad-
\ance of the city.
ALREADY 40 SOLD
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
117 Sutter et.
' GO out and «ee the new 6 and 6 room and
fcath cottages en Hoffman ave.. near Twen-
ty-third st. I am iibout finishing; you can j
bavc them with the tent you are paying !
>our landlord: we will also buy a lot and I
but !J >ou a. home wherever you choose or !
ninV- you a loan on your own lot. JACOU '
UEYMAN COMPANY. 117 Sutttr st. :
II :r.-« — NI7VV modern 3-room and hall cottage j
•v.ith thicken hcu«e*: llt> l'rer.tlss st.; $100 !
down. $12 50 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN '
COMPANY. 117 Sutter tt.
$CriO — LOT on J 5t. and Thirteenth ave.. Sun-
net uinrict. on $5 m.-snthly Installments JA- !
COB HEYMAN COMPANY. 117 Better at. |
$4*0— LOT on C st. and Fifteenth ave., near !
new 1-ark fXtciuion, on $5 monthly install-
iir-nts. JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY. 117 I
Butter ht.
ti. CETZ. Room 22, Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
fCO to $50C— Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vaid lots'.:!
$C0O to $r>O0 — Nineteenth-ave. Boulevard lota!!!
Graded and level. l'-aJy to build on.
$350 tn $1200 — Choice Sunset and Richmond
lets'.'.'. , ;
$15'J u-j— Excelsior Homestead — warm belt of |
Um Mission. Level lots, ready to build oa I
good car ur-rvii-". '
AD lou tc'.i on easy monthly payments from I
fS B» , :
fclCCu to $50M) — New cottages and bouses on
eary installments. j
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES. '
C*1I at my office, room 22, necond floor.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
RAYMCNDrTRMiTnONG' & CO.. ~
Room . 2. 7th floor. Mills bid*.
fw.COO— Corner Broadway and Baker et ;
[2SxUS:7: elevated lot; euperb marine
view.
$10.fXi0--Waflilns1CT5 n.. west of Baker; lot
75xllS«: splendid elte for flats.
$7. MO- I»t and residence; Brwierick st.: fln-
lslted !>a»em«-nt, double parlors, recep-
tion liall. dining-rocm. kitchen, 6 be3-
roomn. bath, toilet, etc.; very desirable
$6.000— WUiar'd Ft.. College Heights; modern
residence. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 37:6
front; t-tatte, etc. j
$3.100~-WrlKh rt.. near Fourth: 5 flats- an-
ttmi rrntal $444; Tvafr $3 40.
$5,750— N>w flats on Greenwich rt.; 5 aad 6i
room* each; ;-ay fiur Inr-om*.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO. -}
jlOfro— CHEAPEST half block In the city; '
200x24U; In University Mound survey; suit- I
able for chicken ranch or nuirery. * i
$:;<»»— Lot* '.oxllO; ii»vel and ready to build ;
en; a few eteps from Mission-Et. electric I
care.
$2000— -10 lots on Nineteenth ave. boulevard
connecting in* nark with Inglefllde
J.TOO will buy eeven lots In Market-et. exten-
sion, near Ocean boulevard.
P. J. KENNEDY,
11 Montcomery st.
if TART THE NEW YEAR~^ j
SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By l>uyinc a lot in the growing city of Rich-
mond, where are located the Standard Oil '
< Vimpary. Santa Fe Railroad terminal, Ui-j*
Southern Pacific It. R. belt warehouses and '
manufacturing plants. Ail level. Streets .
traded. Maps free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker bulldlncr, San Francisco.
Ill.'ILDER tixrits to build on group of lots to
••II: j""n furntrti lots; state value, location.
lfr»r 3.MC. <;all.
FINE inborn* flats on Fulton nt., n*ir City
Ma!!: reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton- Pt.,
cm-ner.
t40t«v~LlBERTY st.. near Guerrero; bouse J
AQJ I3t; niurtrastd fcr 12500. P. O. box 2483. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY.. DECEMBER 20, 1903.
53
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. _
HOLIDAY BARGAINS OFFERED BY 8. M.
DODGE & SON.
$1250. .:
Unfinished 8-room house, corner lot, 50x100.
?140O. - .
Will rent for $15, cottage near cars, lot 36x
119. . : . .
?170O.
Near 9th and Grove sts.; good 5-room cot-
tage.
$.1800.
Good cottage, 5 rooms and. bath; basement:
barn; In fine condition; near cars; lot 45x150;
$G00 cash.
• i-Vi - S2250.
.19th and Telegraph; fine cottage, ft rooms;
barn; lot 81x111; so cheap for property, near
ferry.
$2500.
Unlon-st. cottage. 5 rooms and bath; floored
basement ;• deep lot; r>art cash.
$2600.
' Nobby house, 6 large rooms and bath: recep-
tion hall; barn; driveway: lot 34x100; bank
mortgage $1400; Chestnut st.
?2600.
Owner called North; immediate sale neces-
sary; this colonial home, C large rooms, bath,
reception hall; new and modern.
?2S0O.
7 rooms and bath, barn, at Market-st. sta-
tion; near cars, etc.; lot 51x125.
«2850.
. Splendid new 7-room two-story house, near
Market and 36th sts. ; every convenience; $600
?28OO AND $3000 RESPECTIVELY.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath, basement; lot
30x106. and 6-room cottage with basement;
lot 30x100; near 14th and broadway. (EXCEL-
LENT VALUES.)
$3000.
RAILROAD MEN,
See this 7-room house: barn: good as new;
.near 8th st. ; cement walks and driveway; lot
41:6x102, convenient and In fine condition.
?3250.
85th St., near San Pablo ave.: splendid 2-
story house. 8 rooms; everything modern;
40x125; small cash payment.
• .?4000.
Income $438 per year; 3 cottages, all rented
as above; can be Increased; between two S.
P. stations. -.
$4500.
Planned -by lady for ladies to live In: 10
minutes to 14th and Broadway; very elegant
house, 8 rooms and hath: basement: excellent
finish; mirrors around walls In dining-room;
lot 40x125.
$4500.
Choice location on Grove St.; swell house,
7 rooms and bath: stained gla." windows;
driveway; every convenience.
SNAPS IN UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$10 oer foot.
3 (rood lots near West st.
$15 per foot.
- Any frontage desired; near 40th and Market.
$20 per foot. ,
. Choicest building lots between San Pablo
and Telegraph aves. ; sunny side 32d st. ; all
street Improvements made.
?2O per foot.
40th-st. lot; very near Grove st.
$25 per foot.
¦ Telegraph-ave. business lot, 50x150.
$45 per foot.
Prominent corner on San Pablo ave. ; near
Key Route ferry deuot.
UNEXCELLED VIEW. $32 50 PER FOOT.
50 or 100 feet frontage near university; cars,
and two local ferry systems.
S. M. DODGE _ EON,
1160 Broadway.
Phone Lake 36.
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO. (INC.),
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
1172 BROADWAT. COR. FOURTEENTH 8T.
TEL. MAIN 35.
BARGAINS.
f4150.
Modern house of 7 rooms and bath; near
local station: must be seen to be. appreciated;
newly built, with every modern convenience.
$3600.
Here are flats paying $40 per month; 5 rooms
each, and always rented: the property I* with-
in 5 minutes' walk of Fourteenth and Broad-
way and almost on the line of the new ferry.
$3000.
This property Is close In: 7 rooms and bath,
and rents for $25 per month; would make good
safe Investment. ' . , ¦ - •
$4250 TO $4500.
We have remaining 5 flfst-clasa homes, situ-
ated within 10 minutes* walk of Fourteenth
and Broadway; these houses are complete In
every detail and we Invite inspection; call and
let us phow them.
f 4350. '
A fine northeast corner lot on West St.. with
a nice story and a half cottage upon it; the
location is such that It is always rented at a
good figure; prices are going up in this direc-
tion.
$3500.
Must be sold; a bargain in a new and mod-
ern 9-room house, north side of etreet. on high
jtround; let us show it.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. (INC.),
. 1172 Broadway, cor. Fourteenth *t/
LIST YOUR PROPERTY WITH UB FOR
•QUICK SALE.
JAMES S. NAISMITH,
034 Thirteenth Street.
Fine corner on Telegraph ave. ; close In; fine lo-
cation for flats.
$1800— Fine lot, 60x124. corner; In the Linda
Vista district; bargain.
$000 — 40x132, on Chetwood St.; snap.
- $750— Nice residence lot on Walsworth ave. ;
good location; terms easy.
IMPROVED PLACES IN ALL PARTS OF
OAKLAND. HAVE YOU PROPERTY TO
SELL? BRINO IN DESCRIPTION.
MODERN 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
, central location; rent $27. 1464 West «t.,
Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pa gee. In wrapper.- for malting, it per year.
OAKLAND HOUSES' TO LET.
3 SUNNY, furnished rooms and bath, for
.housekeeping; near electric cars and Berkeley
local; 1025 63d st;. Golden Gate station; $16.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
¦ ... -¦¦-.. |
WHOLE or part of 8-room furnished bouse;
clean, sunny and central. 615 Fifteenth st.,
Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LBtT"
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st'.; sonny
suites and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FURNITURE] FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW . the day for bargains in farni-
ture. II. Schellhaa*. Ilth Bt..cor.atore.Oaklaad.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
' BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
SEND for illustrated booklet of the best tract,
right at the station; 700 lots sold in eight
months; $10 monthly payments; big lots at
$400 to $750. LYON „ HOAG. IIS Mont-
gomery st. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flat* to let; an Immense list;
service > absolutely free: take advantage o;
this department: It will save. you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-859 Geary
St.. on the square. v.'/*.".
GOUGH, 503, near Grove — House of ¦ room*
and bath; rent cheap. O. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 20 Montgomery at." ¦-
BROADWAY, 1815, near Gough — 14 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 20 Montgomery st.
1642 PACIFIC 'ave., near ' Van Ness ave.:
¦'¦ house of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25; will
1 renovate to suit- tenant. VON RHEIN R.
E. CO., 613 California at.
LARGEST list of houses and new flats to let.
Call on LYON & HOAG, 116 Montsromery st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN _ HOWELL.- 25 Post st.
: HOUSES. TO LET— FURNISHED.
$100— HANDSOMELY furnished . house; north
side of Jackson st.. near Brodertck;'9 rooms
and bath, BOARDMAN BROS. _ CO., 138
Montgomery st.
11 ROOMS, prettily furntBhed for home or room-
ing; part cash; rent $45. Box 3603, Call.
FBTJ1TVALE ADV'ET'S'3rNTS
FRLITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale station.
$1250— Fine 5-room cottage, bath, hall, laundry
rooms; lot 50x150;.. barn, .chicken-houses,
etc. ; in a fine location and close to elec-
tric cars.
$1000 — Cozy 4-room cottage, all newly painted;
barn, etc.; lot 63:6x108; a big bargain..
$1200 — Good 5-room cottage, bath, hall and
basement; chicken-houses, fruit trees,
etc.; lot 70x113; in a very handy location.
$1050 — Nice 4-room cottage, bath; high bnse-
ment; hot and cold water; fine garden;
lot 82x110; only 3 blocks from Frultvale
station; $100 cash down, balance eame as
rent; a snap.
$000 — New cottage of 3 large rooms, closets,
pantry; city water; lot 40x135; Ya block
from electric cars; easy terms.
$1000 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath, with
all modern Improvements: 7-foot base-
ment: brick foundation; also nice stable;
lot 50x175, all fenced and sewered; In the
most beautiful and handy location. ,
$2250 — Extra fine dwelling of 5 rooms, bath,
hall, etc.; 2 chicken-houses; orchard; lot
72:0x174; *4 block from Frultvale-ave.
oar line: terms to suit. •
$1650 — Modern 5-room cottage, hall, bath and
7- foot basement ; mantel; attic; all
floored; only 2 blocks from Frultvale local
station.
$1275 — Mne house of 6 rooms and bath: hot
and cold water; well and city water; all
fenced; dope to local trains.
.. H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO~ i
Fruitvala Station.
SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR DECEMBER.
6 building lots, one block of station.
$650.
6 building lots, two blocks of station.
$700.
7 choice lots, two blocks of station.
$800.
5-room cottage, three blocks ¦ of station;
sunny corner.
12150.
6-room cottage, two blocks station; large lot;
modern tn every resDect.
f2250. .
The above properties for sale on terms.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.,
Fruitvale. one block from station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RBAL ESTATE.
FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$1600— Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath and
basement; lot .'17:6x145: fruit trees; sun
all day: convenient to "Key Route"; be-
tween Telegraph and Broadway; bargain
for cash.
$2000— Fine investment in growing locality;
near Santa. Fe local; 2 modern cottages,
f> rooms, bath and basement each; in
good condition; sunny side of street, be-
tween Grave st. and Telegraph ave.; now
rented for $30 per month; lot 53x100. Who
takes it?
$2750 — Close In; no car fare; good as new; cot-
tage, 6 rooms, bath, laundry and floored
ba»ement; extra good plumbing; lot 80x
100; owner breaking up housekeeping and
reduced price from $2900 for quick sale.
$1700 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
basement; sunny side street, between
Broadway and Telegraph ; lot 27:6x120;
; street, sewer and cement walks complete;
i must and will be sold before January 1.
$5250 — On Blackstone Hill, close to Telegraph
ave.; almost new; strictly up to dale; 7
rooms, bath, basement and laundry; right
In town.
$3000 — New colonial 7 rooms; convenient ar-
rangement : everything about It up to
datt»; lot 37:0x100; sunny side of street;
close to new "Key Route"; very easy
terms.
$3250 — Attractive new 2-story; 7 rooms, den,
reception hall, etc. ; lot 40x150 (note size);
nice location; ne'er new Santa Fe local.
$2S0O — Brand new cottage, 5 rooms; modern;
best construction; sunny side of street:
near new "Key Route"; lot 37:6x100; part
cash.
$2250 — Old-fashioned 2-story; 8 rooms; in good
condition; large barn; fruit trees, berries,
etc.: lot 50x140; beautifully situated on
sunny side of East Sixteenth street.
$4250— Corner on Fourteenth st.; 50x100; mod-
ern; 0 rooms; substantially built; In good
. condition; house cost $5000; opportunity
for railroad man with family; owner
away: needs money; hence eacrlflce.
•FRANK P. LEE,
811 Broadway, Oakland.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
Oakland— Real Estate. .»
$250 rash and balance on easy monthly pay-
ments will buy a new !>-room ed two-story
house: modern; near Telegraph ave. and Key
Route; lot 42:6x115; price $3250.
$1800r-A good 6-room cottage: lot 25x100;
tunny frontage; near Weet and Thirty-second;
good location; take a look at this belore buy-
Ing.
$3000 buys two 0-r. cottages: lot 60x140;
rents for $32 per mo.; street work complete.
$1700 — Nice 6-r. cottage; 3 rooms down and
3 r. upstairs; high basement; street work done;
near town and local train; terms can be had.
$2500 — Fine large 0-r. cottage; street work
comnlete: large barn; lot 50x150.
$5000 — 3 nice flats on 8th *t., S rooms and
bath each; iras, hot and cold water; rented for
$31 per mo.; always rented; this is certainly
a fine Investment.
BUILDING LOTS FOR CONTRACTORS.
$10 per foot — Street work complete; near Tel-
egraph ave.; north side of street; 150x135.
$1000 buys a corner lot on Telegraph ave.,
52x110; street work done.
ONLY TWO LOTS LEFT.
On east side of West »t.: street work com-
plete and sidewalk; only $22 50 per foot; SOx
115.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
•
J. H. MACDONALD & CO., ~
1062 Broadway, cor. Eleventh st.
$850 — Splendid NW. corner: 100x100; Just out-
side city limits in Frultvale; near electric
lines and local stations; street sewered.
$1800— Fire lot, 50x140; sunny; suitable for
residence or flats; near car lines and local
stations; all street work complete; on a
main thoroughfare; $1000 may remain on
mortgage If desired.
$1500— Splendid sunny. lot, 60x145; on Thirty-
eighth St., near Telegraph aye.; near
"Key Route" etatlon; a good buy.
12400 — Choice residence site; 47x118: on Tele-
graph ave.: within easy walking distance
of City Hall.
83250 Fine new modern cottage of S rooms and
every convenience: lot 40x145; near "Key
Route" station; extra good neighborhood.
Thl* house was NOT built for. sale.
$7280— Splendid corner on San Pablo ave.: lot
50x111; cottage of 5 rooms on Inside of lot;
good for business and sure to advance.
FOR SALE.
tisoo — House of 0 rooms, bath, etc.; near busi-
ness center, local train and street car*; lot
25x110 feet; this Is cheap property.
<]300 Eight rooms and bath; In good condi-
tion; new; lot 50x150 feet; near electric cars.
$lS00— Five rooms, bath, etc.; lot 26x120 feet;
located 3. blocks north of Center-st. station.
$2100— Five rooms and bath; first-class condi-
tion; 1 block from Oak-st. station; lot 25x100
feet. . . :
Loans negotiated In any amount at lowest
rate of Interest.
W. F. CBANION,
460 Eighth et., phone James 2871.
GEO. H. VOSB 1 1118 BROADWAY
$3750 — 9-room 2-story house: large attic: gas
and electricity; al) modern throughout:
good barn; lot 40x150 feet.
$2650— 6-room cottage on Seventeenth st, only
100 feet from Ean Pablo ave.; good base-
ment. • >
$4800 — 2 flats with cottage in rear; monthly
rents $60; pays -12.8 per cent per annum
net.
WALTER E. LOGAN _ CO.. i : . ." '
HIS Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$30,000— 150x135: Fourteenth st. ; a fine piece,
.' of business property; will double- within
a year.
$1B,000— COxlOO; Eleventh St.; good prospective
buy. »
$8,500— Cost $12,000; 60x150; Webster st.. near
Fourteenth; two flats, 7 room* and hath
. each; good attic; cement basement:
rents $60 month.
WALTER E. LOGAN _, CO., ,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
' fn* all kinds of -flowers' and shrubbery: will
build to suit. Box 854, , Call office Oakland.
TO LOAS. J
AAA — HERMAN MURPHY^ "~
• : - ¦ 601-6^2-603 Kiaminer build In*.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgage?, undivided !nter»
est*. assignments of rent*, property In trust,
etc. ; -legacies, life estates end undivided In.
. terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confident!— U
Wben Von Need Monev
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledga of
employer; lowest rates; no cooimlsslcn. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. US and m> Donoho*
bulldinz. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried p»ople on. their
note; proper treatment euaranteetl. ILLINOI9
j TRUST CO.. r. 1«. Phelan blu.. tel. Main 704.
.MONEY loaned to talaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. boardins-housCs. without
¦ security; easy payments: larx»«it business la
¦ 46 principal cities. Toiman. 553 Parrott "olds.
HIGHLY respectable private place fo obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, ac
2 per c-?nt interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1641. Branch. 13 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publirlty.SUO up; quick.
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rra. 7.
I MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1<tt Giant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10. COO *
MONEY to loan on low lnt<»r»<it; gold, silver,
dlnmocds. pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth *t.
! NEW <»asy method — To wage-earners en unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 4S-4U. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan buiMlng.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission :installir.<»rir* accented.
BONKLLI. 301 Eddy. Conrcn-atiry building.
ALL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cenS
no. S. F. Collateral Loan Ilanic. C-'io fc«»arny.
OPEN Credit Ass'r. loans on salar'-s confiden-
tially: new.sim pie plan. Room So. Sly Market.
'3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no com. V. TRKMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 10^3 Mu-
tual Savirss Bank bU!g.. 70* Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loan* money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bic.b!d.
CASI? loaned «nlarle<i purple on rotes without
Indo— -er. MOnBLL. 60i» Kaamin-r building.
MONEY WASTED.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On invesimerts of J100 and upward: no "g«t-
rlch-quick" swindle, turf »p«-culatlon or gam-
bang ucftem?. but a r?putabl*. establtshed
business enterprise In San Francisco; c!enre.i
$67,i*)O :ast year on $100,000 capital: storle
Increased $20,000 tq enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENT*.
A~FEAV r '^E^LTL~? : praG^
GAIX3:
Collard. $33; Emerson. $C5: Fllsher. $70:
Miller, $175; CMckering. $167: American.
$165; Heine. $2T> : Haynes. $150: St*»c-ay.
$1S5; Stelnway. large style, $325. anrt fifty
others. Rents. $2 up; installments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-2:17 Geary street:*
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg. _____
THE holidays are clora at hand and all who
contemplate selecting a plar.o are advised to>
select this week so as tu avoid the delay of
rush week. A small payment dowa will se-
cure the Instrument and delivery can ba
made when you wish; ill" upward is all you
need pay. THE _E~O MAUVAI3 MUSIC
COMPANY. 7C9 Market st.
WE rent the best piano In the city for $3 per
month; -*e allow six months' rental ami
cartage ($20) off purchase price, thus glvin<
you a six months' trial of the Instrument fur
nothing; our terras and prices **annot be
equaled in San FranoL«ro.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560-64 Hayes st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $5<>
up. Including such makes aa Chickerlng. Vose,
Kroeger. Curtar. Klrkham, Pease. Hariman.
Marshall _ Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ — SON. Id CFarrell st. No
branches In San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age piancs and furniture selling to pay stor-
age; dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1629
Market st. Open evenings.
BAND instruments; F. Besscn. Paris, maker;
Ou» Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S ©"Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
$350 — ELEGANT upright piano; will trade for
diamonds. Box 4SS», Call.
$100— FINE upright. "cost $400, for sale; $5 In-
stallment. 1300 Gough St.. near Geary.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 21ft McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper than fire— ood: storage pianos
_ furniture. 1636 Market st. Open evenings.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or lnstall-
ment. ECHMITZ _ CO.. 18 McAllister »t.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron M.iuzv pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAITZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and ne— . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fill mere.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$175(V— PARTNER wanted, livery and boardlns;
stable; old established business- in best part
of town. ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway, Oak-
land. ,
•PAFERHAXGING. rAlNTTNG. ETC.
CALL at C27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154 for '
papThanging. painting and paper cleaned.
Papering: reasonable rates; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d: t*L Mala 413. ;
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. :
DESK room In fine, central, equipped office}
ebeap. W. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery.
TO let — Large store; good for butcher o* ~**-j
etables. 1533 Devlsadero st.
DESK and desk room to rent. S2« Starr Kls* |
building: call 1 to 3 p. tn.
TYPEWRITERS AND _ SUPPLIES.
AN exceptl^onajiy~good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters a«
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 8a Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A 1 FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L, _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND tyDfwrlters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 608 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 pep year.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, comer
California and Montgomery »t».. For th»
six months MKllnx December Si. 100S. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits In th»
savings department cf this company, as fol-
lows: . On term deposits at the rate of
3 «-l<> per cent per annum, and on ordinary
ueposltJ at the rate of a per cent PT an-
um, free of taxes, and payable on anil after
Saturday. January 2, 19<>4. Dividend* un-
called for are adu>d to the principal after
January 1, l'JW. J. DALZELL BROWN,
.Manager.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. KS California et., corner
Webb. For the half y*ar ending with the 31st
of December 19UI. a dlvtdend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three ar.1
' nne-half (-"IH> per rent eil t»rm deposits
and three (3> per rent a~ ordinary deposits,
free of taxe*. payable tn anil after Saturday.
January 2. 19O4. I-OVELL WH17Q, Cashier.
THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION 301 Cal'/orala St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. *as declc/rri a dividend for th*
year ending Decer>rer 31. lOd-'t. of 3 per cnt
on ordinary ftrrnslt*. 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 8 per cent to stockholders, free of
taxes. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE. Presi-
dent. WM. CORBIX. Sec. and Gen. M— .
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francl«co. No. 710 Market street — For
the half-year ending December SI, 1003. a
dividend haa bewi declared at the rata of
three arju twenty one-hundredtha (.1.20) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes.
payable oa an4 after SATURDAY. January
2. 1904. UKOROE A. STORY. Cashier.
THE Ilumboldt Savings and Loan Society. IS
C«ary st.. has declared a dtviUcad of 3 l 4
per cent per annum on deposits, free of
t«xe* . for the term ending December 31. 1903.
payable on and after January 2. 1004. W. E.
PALMER, cashier.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISE3 In EAR3
positively cur«d; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cotttngham . 204 Sntter st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
'Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask — mr druggist,
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, P»»
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLA5D REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4C2 Eighth Oakland, Cal.
$1000—14 acres - 3 blocks north of East Four-
teenth St.; half this place is in fruit; 3
frontages, affording splendid advantages
for subdivision: natural elevation, ground
as level as a floor; splendid .modern cot-
tage, 8 rooms, bath; windmill and -out-
houses; beautiful shrubbery; ideal spot for
a- rural home; speculation or Investment.
MODERN COLONIAL HOME.
$4100 — Fine capacious house, 8 rooms and bath;
lot 40x128; neat cottage In rear; house
rent* ?30; cottage $10; ; fine residence sec-
tion; north of Twelfth et. ; convenient to
Adeline station.
RENT PAYS FOR YOUR HOME. '
$3350 — Modern 7-room house; never occupied; sit-
uated In heart of fine residence section;
street work complete; convenient to locals
' and car lines and markets; very easy
terms, as owner must sell.
A FINE PROPERTY.
$3250— Fine cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot'ftOx
150; land alone is worth $40 per foot;
within walking distance to Broadway; re-
duced for quick sale.
CLOSE TO BUSINESS CENTER.
$3250— Modernized cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
lot 60xJOO; within the Immediate environ-
ments of business center; house could be
remodeled Into -flats; rent $25; land alone
nearly worth price.
$3100 — Modern colonial, 8 rooms and bath; lot
37:6x115: street work complete; near Thir-
ty-seventh and Telegraph; easy payments.
$2050— Modern cottage, fl rooms and bath- lot
34x112; near Adeline, between Twelfth
and Fourteenth.
$2000— New modern cottage, 8 rooms and bath-
lot 50x100; $500 down, balance as rent-
near Telegraph' ave. "
— — — %
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
40O-462 Eighth 8t.,
Oakland.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT Inc
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
•ofrK EOIALS - SPECIALS.
$2,500— In business location; a fine store and
flat of 5 rooms: modern; fine order and
condition; Income $27 per month; a fine
Investment; $1000 cash, balance bank
mortgage.
$2,750 A BUNGALOW COTTAGE $2.7. 1 >0
Five rooms; reception hall, connecting
parlor and dining-room; cozy window
seats: fine mantel; bookcase and china
closet; gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing; porcelain bath; nickel trim-
mings; medicine chest, and every up. to
date feature for comfort; must- be seen
to appreciate Its good value; close to
Telegraph ave.: lot 87:6x115; see photo
and plans at office
M. A. B.
$4,000— Two fine flats of 6 and 7 rooms each;
modern in every particular; close to
schools, local trains and business cen-
ter; lot 37:tJxlOO: rented for $40 per
month to Al tenants.
$4,500— An 8-room residence on Webster St.;
modern plumbing; gas and electric lights
Ing; lot 45 feet frontage; not a nevif
house, but If were~«v would cost $7000
to duplicate; property" worth your Im-
mediate attention If you want a home.
$8,000 REDUCED FROM $9000.
An elegantly situated home of 14 rooms;
modern; on fine corner, 7 blocks from
Washington st. ; property can be ¦ub*
divided, giving two additional lots; must
be seen to appreciate Its value. s
$9,200 PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
Four fine new flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; open plumbing; the latest Ideas
or modern construction; close to Oak
et. plaza, and local trains. .
$21,0CO — .$21 ooo
Eight fine new flats: thoroughly "up to
date In every feature of construction
and for comfort; on sunny corner- fine
class of tenants; pays $2253 per annum;
terms can be arranged to suit.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT Inc ,
10U0 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
~~~~ HUGH M. CAMERON. '
$2,350— Modern cottage; 6 rooms; lot" 50x125;
street work all done.
$1,800— A modern cottage of B rooms; lot 25x
100; rent $17.*
$10,000 — 4 flats of 0 and 7 rooms; lot 50x100;
central; rent $100 per month.
¦ $2,500 — House of S rooms; lot OOxlOO' near
Oak-st. station.
$2,400 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x100;
West at., near Twentieth. .
$3,000 — A modern cottage of 6 rooma; lot 30x
100; West St.. near Fifteenth.
$1,000 — A modern cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x
100; 9th aye., near 16th st. car.
$2,250 — A modern cottage; 6 rooms; lot 40x
128; street work all done; 1 block to Key
Route.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway.
$3250 — OWNER must sell; house of 9 room*;
bath; all modern and In first-class condi-
tion; lot 50x160; outhouses; large gardens;
first-class neighborhood and near business
center; terms only $300 cash. This place
must he sold; first .come first .served.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. .
$1750 — WOULD be a bargain at ?2500:" 2-story
' house of 0 rooms, bath, and In flret-class
condition: only, a few blocks from tho
main business street; street work all done;
. near, local train, school and cars. It must
be so'.d s t "once.
J S. MYKRS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
, . 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
READ THIS AD.
$2500— -Cottage. 5 rooms, -bath and large lot.
40x227 with barn and chicken : houses, etc.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$1475 — Cozy cottage and ba*h: sunny side of
street: easy walk to Fourteenth and Broad-
way; easy terms. THE ALDBN CO., 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
B 10 or 15 acres at Frultvale: near cars: a
snan. THE ALDEN-CO., 11 IS Broadway, Oak-
land.
_ ; — — : 1 1 — i
$175 CASH, $9 monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rustic ' cottage of 3 room*; chicken-
house, *hed. etc.; nice assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fins living spring; city
"water In house; 8- foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine eoll : no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely sheltered: Just the spot for chicken-
raising: price «075 In all; 2 blocks from elec-
tric car Hn*: 9 minutes' walk to locul train.
B, F. ; rear 2 fine srhoOlhouses and 2 churches;
adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for
' circular. 455 Seventh «t., opposite Broadway
station, Oakland: rarrlare free.
HENRY Z. JONES, Ow ner.
A FINEJ sunny home: all modern and up to
date in every particular; 9 rooms and bath;
In Lakeside district; 5 blocks from the busi-
ness center of Oakland: 4 -block* from no*t-
nfflce: must b* «>!d. Call on C. K. MAR-
SHALL HI* Broadway, Oakland.
I HAVE foreclosure properties of three different
bankc to dispose of at the flat Joan price: In
fact, any party wishing to purchase, sell or
trade properties In any part of the State will
find It to their advantage before negotiating
elsewhere to^ jaJmQ^ T
1153 23d ave.. East Oakland. .
— : _ ¦«
I — — ¦ i .
J. TYRREL, RE*I» ESTATE. .
- • 500 NINTH ST.'.
OAKLAND. CAL.
$37.10 — FOURTEENTH St.. near Market; hnuse
of ft roomsiil attic rooms ;¦, lot 50rlO*>: $15no
. . rush. JOSEPH- STR A UB, - 630 Market st.,
San Francis— k • > t -- ; ..
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
ALAAIEDA RBAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— EASY PAYMENTS.
$1000 buys beautiful lot, B0xI50, near trains
and schools.
$1500 buys 5-rooxn cottage; modern; very de-
sirable.
12000 buy* 6-room cottar*; lot 40x130; near
Clinton ave.
$2500 buy* beautiful 5-rooin colonial home;
Ban Joce ave.
$_)00 buys modern 5-room cottage; lot SOx
I5S»: a bargain.
$^i00n buys 6-room cottage; Ban Antonio ava.;
a rz.r i.
5S500 buys elegant 7-room colonial bouse;
very convenient.
$42T>0 bu>« colonial S-room house; all modern
imprvvemtnis.
55000 bfrF*. one of the most modern 8-room
colonial house* in Alameda; new; fine corner
lot; beautiful location.
$6500 bu>> choice corner lot. 50x150. together
with large 10-room house, in the center of city.
CALL AND GET A LIST OF OUR PROP-
ERTIES FOR SALE.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY TO GET A
EOMJS CHEAP. _^
HOUPES BUILT. RENTED AND EX-
CSCAKCBXK
ALA1IBDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST..
Telephone Grant 1461. A lambda. [
_— — -
W.
- c
XT. K. OONGER & CO.
B
2
c
o.
__AMEDA. CAL..
1501 Park ft.
_
Your property will be handled as carefully as
we h*_d!e war p— n- Write to us for Informa-
tion of any kind concerning Alameda property.
— . K. CONGER * CO..
1301 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
120.000— BUSINESS property for rale In Oak-
land- 44 rooKs; lot rx^tlOO: now leased for 5
rear* at ilbJ per month: goM security; also
t» Alame-ia. a brand new S-room house: up
C date. .1URLEP ADAMS & CO.. Bay
ftatlon. Alam «>da- Phone 1811.
IF rnu want to buy. s^ll or build a house call
at our e4dre«. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park
b_. Alaar-fda.
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BERICELEY REAL ESTATK.
W. J." MOKTIMER A CO.'S
BERKKLEY HEAL. ESTATE OFFICE.
XTe sell lots ranging from $250 to as high
a« you went '.o go «nd every lot worth the
saocey. fl> «ls> have some up-to-date new
bouses. S— our list:
$250 — Lot 40x133; S blocks from car*.
$550— Lot 40x135; on Grove st.
$650— Lot 40x135; on Lrmisa rt.; fully im-
proved.
f750r-Lot 40x100; en Virginia et., near car*
and schools. ',
$«ton— Lot 44x120; on Fulton et. ; fully im- j
t^f^Lot 40x1 4<>: Ward St.. east of Telegraph. \
tl2M — Lot 50x160; on Hillegass ave.; fully im-
proved.
$S250— For a grsrid rite on Cedar St.. in the
Scenic Park; 120x125; •with windmill, j
tank and frame: street work dene on one j
»ide; view fltttply grand; worth $4500;
raust cell.
$1300— See those sich'.ly lnts in the Wheeler
Tract; view superb; street work don-; the
Nob HIU of Berkeley.
IWO— Pretty csttMe ot 5 rooms, etc.; new; !
dose in. I
11450 a good renter: 6 rooms. 43xloO; would |
rent for $25 a month net.
$3550 — Another good Investment; new house of
7 r.. etc.; gi>vl lot; fares fjuth: etreet
work done; rented long term. *30 net.
$4rjno— Nobby new hous? of 7 rooms and bath;
etreet work dcn<»; now rented u::d«»r lea*e,
$35 net This beats money In the bank
at 3.3f» r*r cent.
$3000— A money-maker; brin— in $SS n*t a
month; good ray; l^ns lea«e; cloe« to
ccIl^e \V> hive oth«"rs-
W- J. MORTIUBR & CO..
2123 Center «t., Eerkeley.
New Fink block. '
fll50— NEAT 3-room cottage; nearly new; near
cars
*145ft_Sice 4-room cottage: all conveniences; :
ia perfect condition; 6 blocks of unlver- j
$1SOO— 5- room cott_ee: sightly location; good!
lo»: near Iierryman. t
$2300— New 5-room cottscf; modem and com-
plete near university and trains.
$2600—7 room s; nearly new; larre lot; on lead-
ing avenue; near Ashby.
§2700 6 rooms; modern; colonial house; good
ae new; only 5 blocks to university and
tra!n*.
$2^00 — Modern S-rocm house; nearly new; lot
48x100; all in nice condition.
J40C0 Nice new 7-roosi house, near Telegraph
asd Dwljht.
$44500 — Dandy new 8-rootn house: fine location;
near university en the south.
J5000 Modern 10- room house: nearly new;
close to university and station.
$5500 — Mo Jem house of 14 rooms; in good con-
dition: furnished and full of roomers; near
tir.iTtrsity. .
te75O— Substantial house cf 16 rooms; in good
condition; choice location; near university
on the south; morUy furnished; always
full of roomers.
FOR INVESTMENT.
*5000. yearly Income $000; $6000. yearly In -
oo— e $720; $7500, yearly income $900; $lfi,nnO.
oestral business property, yearly income $1400.
ALLEN & ELLIS. 2129 Center st.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
12800— 10-roo— . houae; good as new; lot »&xl20:
3 blocks to both trains; etreet work [
ail d— e: well worth $4000. j
S2S0O— New 7-room house; only $200 cash, bal-
ance «25 per month; only 2 blocks to boih
trains: porcelain bath, tiled sink, station. ¦
ary tubs, fine mantel, gae and electrics ,
12300— Fine, large 7-room house, almost new;
all eonveni— .cee; *well location; street
¦work complete; cement walks; lot 60x145;
can be bought on term*.
yyi n_.v»rr pretty, substantial 6-room house,
high basement: street work complete; ce-
ment sidewalks; s™tti front; handsome
garden and lawn: 3 minutes' walk from
cars and train; $500 cash, balance $20 per
mon'-h.
$S0O — 4-rocra house; chicken yard; fine well;
etrent sewered; large lot; handy to cars;
in good condition.
$200 Beautiful lot; only 4 blocks from train;
$10 down, balance $5 per month; all
sewered.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin, or C. C. EMSLIE.
Ashby Station.
A — ©-ROOM, nearly new cottage; bath, pantry,
all raodorn; electric and gas fixtures con-
nected; good location; convenient to 2 sta-
tions; price $2200, $250 cash, balance $20 per
month. O. A. RUDOLPH.
: Open eundaj-s. Lorln Station.
BIG bargain: lo~ price; easy terra*; 6-room ;
cotlagt; bath, pantry, chicken house, good '
Attp well; nice lot. garden, fruit trees; price
$100'): t?rms $2TtO cash, balance $12 50 monib-
lr; this property Is only 2 blocks to R. R.
etatlon. O. A. RUDOLPH. i
Open Sunday*. Lorln Station.
$1,500—1 ACRE. 1H blocks from station. 2
blocks from electric cars.
$3,700 — A snap; must be sold at once: two-
story. 6-room house. 1 year old; lot 42x I
120; street work all done: new furniture |
complete throughout: 1 block from elec-
tric cars and 3 blocks from Lorin sta-
tion; $1200 cash, balance $30 per month.
11-27 Falrvlew et.
$15.000— Business blook at Berkeley station; a
snap; now earning: 12 p~ cent.
L. J. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck. ave.. Berkeley Station.
PRETTY new homes near station and earn,
with ga*. electric lights, porcelain baths,
neat fireplace*; street work all done; in
rhort. thoroughly modern throughout; for
$100 t > $200 cash and balance to run. Why
pay rent? For further particulars calj or
write
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate.
2121 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY station.
LAWTON & ALBEE. real estate, have for cal*
Berkeley homes, residenoe- and business lot* at
lowest price?: choice Investment property,
paying S to 10 per cent net; refer to either
b*j:k !n Berkeley. 2139 Center *t., Berkeley.
$500— FINE corner lot. 102x148 feet: street
work done; a snap; fine corner lot on Ade-
line St.. opposite R. II. station; offer want-
ed. LITTLE A WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck
ave., Berkeley. Cal.
__™ TRAINS. "
JlT.'.O — Fine 5-room cottage; very neat.
$2300— Modern 6-room house.
$320ft — New 7-room house with barn.
$:ir.(» — Two 6-rootn houses, Ju«t building.
$3500— Fine 7-room house, just being com-
pleted.
$3750 — 8-room house: good location; cheap.
$6750 — 12-room house, dose to university.
$675O— 14-rocm hou—. finest location.
JUSTER & DAIRD. 2137 SHATTUCK AVE.
WANTED— Purchaser for two 5-room cottage*
last nnlehed. GEO. D. PRENTICE, owner
and builder. 2313 Webster St.. Berkeler. 7 •
¦ , — — t
FOR eale— Large lO-room modem house; choic-
*rt location in Berkeley: lot COxtOO; reason-
able term*. 2511 Durant are., nr. Telegraph.
BEEKELEY ADVJGRT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A LIST of property that all should read.
Central Real Estate Company,
2149 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
$6500 — Elegant new house of 12 rooms; S of
them are bedrooms; front hall and stair*
are finished In oak; lot 40x135; located
In the *well part of town; will give
term*. , . ,
$6250 — New 10-room house; everything that
can be thought of in the way of con-
venience Is to be found In this house,
euch as gas grates, combination fixture?.
¦ clothes chutes, speaking tubes, polished
floors, etc.: location the best; good
terms can be had.
$5750 — 9-room house; Just being finished ; cen-
trally located; every convenience Is to
be had in this house; lot 40x127; terms
can be had.
$4500 — New house of S rooms and bath: every-
thing up to date; splendidly located; lot
40x135; sold on very easy terms.
$3650 — New 7-room house on electric car line;
has large rooms; walls tinted; terms are
easy.
$3400 — 7-room house: 2 more rooms unfinished;
has well and windmill, fruit tree*, berry
bushes; street work done; sidewalks
laid; large lot 50x175; beautiful view.
$1750 — New 5-room cottage; everything up-to-
date; 2 blocks from New Santa Fe sta-
tion; terms very easy.
$950 — 5-room hou?e; lot 40x130: all fenced;
fine well and pump: only threee blocks
from railroad station.
$150— Lot 38x105. close to Santa Fe. Railroad;
we have 3 of these lots on north side of
street.
$350 — Elegant lot in the Sweeney Tract.
Worth Berkeley, only 4 blocks to eta-
tion: size 45x180; view Is fine.
$650— Fine lot 5Cxl30; only 2H blocks from
high school and 1 block from electric cars; (
terms can ba had. ' .
$900— This elegant lot is In North Berkeley,
on east eide of Henry st.. north of Rose;
street work is done, eldewalk laid, and lot
is fenced on 3 sides; elze 40x115; only ft
minutes from railroad station; the view
Is fine; easy . terms. . <¦
$1200 — Cheapest lot on Walnut st.: size 50x135;
street work done; a beautiful place for a
home: only 3 minutes' walk from the elec-
tric and steam cars; terms ec6y.
: $1500 — Lot tn the Daley Scenic Park Tract;
slse 60x125; near car line; will build house
on th_ lot to' suit on easy terms.
$1575 — Fine corner near Dwight way station;
lot 120x132; will sell on terms.
$3000— Lot in Daley Scenic Park Tract; nice
and level; size 100x125.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 Center EL. Berkeley.
A FEW BARGAINS CONVENIENT TO
| ABSOLUTELY thr best buys In Berkeley listed
j . witb us. Kxamlne and see for yourself.
i $W — Reduced from $1050 for immediate sale;
cottage, 3 erood rooms; well; lot 40x136;
close to cars and ferry trains.
I $1900 — Handsome cottage. 5 rooms and bath,
basfment. lawn, berries, etc.
$27511 — I'nce holds tor 2 days only; this fine
$3000 place; new, modern, 2-story colonial
house; 6 fine rooms, bath, halls, large
laundry; 5»>-foot lot; south frontage; Im-
proved etreet.
A fine list of larger homes in many choice lo-
cations; let me *bo\v you tb»m. Have you
I money to invest? Put it in land near Lorin
: ftatlcn; absolutely Fafe and surf to bring goo<l
| returns; much pleaeanter transportation and
i nearer In time to business than park district
' of San Francisco; OO-foot lots on improved
j streets from $000 upward. You will pay more
I if you delay.
I H. Dl IRWIN, Lorin station.
$24,000 — GOOD investment; clubhouse of 16
room?; 4 flats; all new and now rented
for J1S0 cer month; within 3 blocks of
1 17, C. grounds and commanding fine ma- j
rin» view. , .
| $1S.OCO — Fine business block; 4 stores on first
floor: 16 large rooms on second floor;
paying 7 per cent on the price asked.
$6,250^ — House, 8 r. A b. ; south frontage; street
work done; beautiful yard; 2 blocks of
station.
I $6,000 — 3% acres; on Claremont ave.; will sell
as a whole or in subdivisions.
$2.<X>f>— 5 r. & b. : etreet work done.
J600 lots; street work done; 3 blocks of
Dwight way.
$200 — Good lot; 4Oxt3O; on easy terms.
CHENEY & BERRY. P. O. block.
; Berkley. Cal.
DO you want to buy a full-sized lot on north
} side of .etreet. near Telegraph ave.. for $450?
Only one left.
t4000 — New building; a fine 2-story 7-room
house on north eld* of. street, near Key route
station; street work all done. ;
$6000— Fine house of 9 rooms; lot 70x135: ,
rear two lines cf railroad: street work all ,
doi»»/ ¦ - • . ¦
$7000 — A new house of 8 rooms, large cor-
n— lot. n»ar the university: finely finished;
ccnventently situated.
$10.000 — A rentlrman's home; near the
hills: houpe -of 16 rooms; 3 l A acres of land,
bares, outhouses, etc.
JOS J. MASON, Real Estate.
SE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave.
S2T.00— NEARLY new 4-room cottage, bath, all
large rooms; lot 50x135: fruit trees and beau-
tiful flower garden; all furnished, including
new piano. curtains, beds, bedding,
pictures arrtFdlshes; only half block to train;
must be sold at once on account of departure.
W C. MORAN. Lorln station, or C. C. EMS-
LIE. Ashby Etatlon.
jrREE "Beautiful Berkeley"; a descriptive
booklet of Berkeley, free upon request, ready
about Christmas. Call or address YOUNGS
_ BARRY. 2149A Center St., Berkeley; P. O.
box 273; phone Dana 205.
' ~~— * — " ~**^~* - " *— **~ ——————— "—^"^
1 FRUITVALE Advertisements.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON.
1216 Fruitvale ave. Fruitvale, Cal.
$1600— -4-room cottage; lot 50x176; near school
and electric cars; high basement; city
water; s*wer; barn; $200 cash, balance
on Installment.
$2100— 6-room cottage; near station and school;
fine location; large lot; city water; elec-
tricity; small amount down and easy in-
stallments to right party.
$1WX> — 4-roo— cottage; excellent location; large
lot; gas; porcelain bath; easy terms.
Offer wanted — l-acr« place, 8-room cottage;
well, chicken houses, pigeon cote; fruit.
flowers and berries; must sell Imme-
diately.
Lots In any location. Easy .installments if
. desired.
We build houses after your own Ideas and sell
them on ea»y payments.
SNETSINGER _ MATTESON,
1216 Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale. Cal.
H. BARKMEYER. 1206 Frultvale avenue,
Fruitvale Cal.
$S50— Cottage of 3 rooms, lot 50x200; abund-
ance of flowers, berry bushes and fruit trees
in bearing; fine location, near school and car
! line; only 10 minutes' walk from local train.
i $1000— Cottage of 4 rooms, large rJantry city
water, barn, bearing fruit trees; lot 60:6x108;
3 blocks from electric cars.
$1100 — House of 2 large rooms, 8-foot base-
ment; pigeon and chicken houses, barn- fine
fruit tree*; lot 75x108; $200 cash, balance $12
per month.
$1250 — Cottage of 4 large rooms, hard-fin-
ished pantry, closets, etc.; high basement; lot
37:CxlOO: 3 blocks from local train; terms
$300 cash, balance same as rent,
i $1600 — New cottage of 5 rooms and bath; all
I modern; high basement: lot 40x115; half block
from car "line; near school; terms If desired.
$1500— 1H acres of rich eoll. In 'bearing
orchard; 2-room house: 3 blocks from car line.
$1800— $100 cash, balance same as rent; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath, mantel, sliding
doors, high basement; lot 35x100; one block
from Fruitvale Station.
$1050 — Cottage of 4 rooms; high basement;
lot 35x115; all connected with sewer and city
water: one block from Fruitvale ave.; terms
if desired.
For particular* apply to
H. BARKMEYBR. Fniitvale, Cal.
Telephone Brook 638.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296
Office. Vt block from Frultvale Station.
$1000— $200 down, $10 monthly; 4-room cot-
tage; 2 rooms finished: chicken houses and
yard*; close to school, local depot and street-
cars; extra large lot, 50x265.
$1000 cash — 1C lame lots; aplendld . S-room
cottage; 8 chicken houses; pigeon cote. 12x100;
all inclosed with fine galvanized wire: abun-
dance of fruit trees and flowers; berries of all
' kinds In a high state of cultivation: n\9b gravel
: viaMtM; entire property surrounded by a fine
tight-board fence: only 2 blocks to electric cars;
fine residence faction; this place would make a
first-class chicken ranch: prlee all told, $2500;
; take quick sale; owner leaving country.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa L»e tract; flno
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no cold' winds or wet fogs, and lots only $73
! each; $5 down, balance $2 SA per month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave. •
NICELY furnished house of 4 rooms and bath;
large grounds, carriage and chicken house,
fruit and flowers; $20 per month;. Frultvale,
near station. Inquire of MRS. ELIZA L.
._' BLACKBURN. 433 Scccnd *t.. city.
FOR BALE— 5-room cottage: lot 50x1%: fln<»
residence location: east front: new; ' high
basement: gan. electricity; -porcHarrr bath;
city wiltr. »tc. ; eaoy terms. Call or ad-
dress 1807 Bray ave.. Frultvale. Cal.
HORSES AND WAGONS. _
AT auction — A lot of horses, wagons, bu«l»»,
carts and harness at 1140 Folsom st.. Tues-
day, Dec. 22. 11 a. m.
FOR eale — Handsome trap, cheap. Address
box 3759. Call office.
9 - . '¦ ' A ' ' ____
FOR sale — Sand wagon cheap. 2410 Harrison.
HORSE for sale. Apply M. SULLIVAN, 2452
- San Bruno road.
FOR tale — 3 young horses; single cr double.
Apply 909 York it.
MUST be sold at sacriflcs; 5 good ho— rs,
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camptnc wagon
«nd go-cart for sale ch»ap. C32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagocs. buckb'd. sur-
rey,harness.w©rk,drlvlng horses. ISth- Valencia
LOST AXD FOUND.
WOMEN known who took purse Saturday from j
stationery department. Emporium: to avoid
¦ arrest, return to 1301A Devlfadero st.. or to
Emporium information bureau; no questions.
LOST — A lady's cpen-face gold watch. Please
return tojS Blake Bt. ; reward $10. I
LOST — A gold dollar stickpin. Please return" to
801 Shotwell at.; reward.
$5 REWARD for Masonic watch charm with
name O. WITMER on back. 0 Stockton st.
LOST — An old fat brown deerhonnd bitch.
Finder will r?turn eame to 2G18 Sacramento
St. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETIl! specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
• years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOilL. reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. Bth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 SO by express. Jf»a."»teur"a
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh anil
' Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL- -All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, .73.1 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief; j
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladle*, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cored by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enifines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TRY our high chimneys on your oil stove:
Intense heat; tin jobbing, inside and outside;
tin and agate ware repaired; galvanised iron
chimney tope made- and put up; trade sup-
plied; all kinds winery and bar goods in
stock. D. S. WEAVER. 308 Cough St.; tel-
ephone Howard 2879.
CHRISTMAS trees from 25 cents up.
Hollyberrles, P«r bunch, 5 cents.
Wreaths of berries. 10 cents to 15 cents.
The best place to buy your Xmas greens.
The Napa Xmas Tree and Supply Co., 1157
Mission St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over eld
Inn tin or shingles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented ami exchanged; see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale 3t.
AUTOMOBILES— White Stanhope. 1903 modal;
can' carry four: fine condition ; basket, etc.; a
bargain: cost $1400; will sell $700. Address
"Auto," box 3185. Call office. .
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; cpen to 9 p. m .. Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting., pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-256 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
•ent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 00; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; cpen to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
50 CHOICE suckling pig*. 15@23 lbs. dressed,
delivered. 15c lb. CHRISTOPHER
STAEHLE. Visitation Valley. •
SNELL bicycle for sale cheap: In good condi-
tion. Redwood road and School St., Frult-
val». _____________
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN from 18S4 to 1900.
uniformly bound, for $10. Call or address
907 Fourth ave.. East Oakland.
$10— FOR sale, thoroughbred pointer pup. 523
Thirty-sixth 8t.. Oakland.
FINE pointer pup for sale. llStfr Oak »t.
FOR sale — Two good milk goats; cheap. 781
Seventh ave., Richmond^ _
COLUMBIA gramophone and discs for »ale
cheap. 1071 Thirteenth ave.. Ea»t Oakland.
FOR sale— Old— aobll*. 1336 Alabama, street.
FOR SALE — Very fine old violin; good tone:
also parlor carpet. 935 Clay st.
LAUNDRY machinery, washers, extractors,
mangles, Ironers, etc. 628 Bryant st.
STEAM table, broiler. National cash register
and tables. 416 Turk at,
FOR sale — 3 gray Danish bloodhounds. Apply
404 Carolina st.. Potrero.
FOR sale — Good mandolin very cheao, $4.
WHITE, 314 Brannan st. ;
Cx7 FOLDING camera cheap. 789 Market st,
room C. t
PRINTERS — For »ale, type, presses and ma-
terial. See HOAG. B13 Market st.
FINE amateur Job printing outfit. 725 Devlsa-
dero «t. '
FOR sflle — Gent's wheel (Monday). 141 Main
street. .
PIGEONS and squabs for sale. 376 San Jose
avenue. ¦
BOMK good second-hand sasollne engines, 1 to
, . 12 H. P.. cheap. E. B. Beck _ Co.. 123 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile; first-class running or-
der. W. V.. 520 Lyon St., San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcago«s, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIQALUPI. 833 Market.
DESKS and eafes: see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
FOR sal« — 2 12-foot etore counters: $5 each.
WOODWARD. 22OO Flllm ore st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
. MANN SAFF. CO.. 207 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at "W. J.
HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROOH MNFQ. CO.. 619 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe add fittings: all slses. EU-
GENE RILEY _ SONS, 109 Vallejo it.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market at.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. S33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all eties. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fr«m ont *t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER - CO.. UP Montg-y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekl7
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Male Angora kitten, pure white,
blue eyes, perfect hearing, about 2 months
old; name price. Box 3193. Call office.
COMPLETE assay outfit in good order; also
one good concentrator; state price. Box
4S95. Call Office. ¦ :-.¦;-..
WANTED^ — An A No. 1 cook-book. Address
B. H. VAN NESS. Star Mine. Columbia. Cal.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market et.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for an kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good*. 154 9th at.; tel. Jessie 2831.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING, i
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur*
in every case; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.,THE SAN. FRANCISCO -CALL, SUXDAY/. DECEMBER 20, 1903.
54
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AN experienced German lady wants ro do cook-
ins and waiting on table at dinners and
parties. Address 564 Ninth St.. O.-Utland.
COMPETENT woman as cook: small hotel;
country; has a son 10 years old. Box 4806.
Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as companion to elderly
lady by young woman; best of references re-
qulred and furnished. Box 324U. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light housT-
»ork in private family: $15 per month; neat
and steady. Eox 3."7. Call offlce.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 50 a
day and car fare; washing. Ironing, houae-
cteanlng. B OX 0535. call offlce. .
WANTED — A position to take cara of an
Invalid or to care for an infant. ApFly 34
Clyde St.. off Townsend.
A GIRL wishes a position to do general house,
work In American family; best of references.
635 Stevenson et.
DRESSMAKER.experler.ce.1. good cutter Jte.1
fitter, would like a few more engagement*
by the day; ttrma moderate. Box 33S2. Call.
RELIABLE woman wants washing or house-
cleaning: e"j»£-enc*s; $i 25 and car fare.
Box 3554. Call offlce.
WANTED— By youn B lady, position as book-
keeper; experienced; he St reference* Ad-
dress box 3613. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE Oerman woman wants sny
kind of work by the da;-. Address phone
Black 2503 or box 3579. Call offlce.
YOtfi'G woman wishes a few engagements for
shampooing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Carp 3573.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, up-to-date styles;
fit guaranteed; city reference; $2 25 a dav'
/231 Fulton at.
COMPETENT young girl wishes position as
stenographer: lawyer's offlce preferred Box
3583, Call offlce.
A YOUNG woman with references wishes house
cleaning by the day; $1 50 and carfare. 819S
Larkin st.
A NEAT, reliable woman wishes a situation to
do general housework In a small family. Can
at 476 Linden ave.
A COMPETENT cock wants position. Address
758 Howard st.
LADY wants dressmaking. Box 4591. Call
office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion t»
lady Invalid. Address A. L.. box 8548. Call.
LADY who understands ail kinds of plain sew-
ing wishes work at home. 136 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted as housekeeper. Address
R.. 1 Lexington ave.
A WOMAN wants work by day, hoxzseclean-
lr.g, etc. 438 Fifth st.
GERMAN woman wishes a fsw mors rtsady
places to work by the day. Phone Red 4441.
RELIABLE woman wants housecleanlnr by
the day, $1 50 and car fare. Box 3245, Call.
DRESSMAKING and ladtes' underwear done
nicely at 1 Burrltt at., off Bush. nr. Stockton.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes situation.
Box 3562. Call offlce.
_ 1
I PLAIN sewing to do at home. 63 Valley at..
I Oakland.
! EXPERIENCED gorerne-n wants situation.
Address J. H. C. box 303. Berkeley. Cal.
COLORED lady would like general housework
by the day. 910 Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by toubjt lady. Box
C537. Call offlce.
GLASSWARE packer. 3 years' exp.. wishes
position In some reliable house. Box 3509. C.il!
LADIES' garments altered, fitted, made ov»r
at own home by expert. Box 4S3S. Call offlce.
j WANTED — Plain sewing or mending; neatly
i done. 34 Clyde st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 238A
Tehama st.
YOUNG girl wants place to take rare of child;
referencts. Box S530, Call offlce.
"WANTED — A petition by a teacher of Ian-
I guages. Box 35:?^, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like office work. 23
Ritch «t.. In the rear.
CAPABLE woman wishes position as Janltresa.
Box 35T5, Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing or skirts to make. 939 Eddy
St.. right-hand bell.
A WOMAN wishes tr> wash dishes tn a Knall
restaurant. Bos 3530. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by tbe day. Box 8SSS.
Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing to do at home by an experi-
enced seamstress. Box 4834. Call efflce.
GOVERNESS wishes position; thorough, expert.
enced teacher and musician; piano, voice cul-
ture, German. English branches, literature;
terms $30; references; country preferred. Box
4804. Call office.
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat, reliable, plain
. cook and laundreos. fond of children, wiehe*
position: wages $10 to $15; references. Box
481J). Call efflce.
A MIPDLE-AGED person wishes a situation
for light housework. Call at 31 Fulton »t.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes
working housekeeper" a position: good work,
neat and reliable. MRS. FAIRBANKS. Co-
tati. Sonoma Co.
EXPERT stenographer desires high-class po-
sition. Box 3104. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken far The
Call at Eaton'a Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
BY middle-aged man and wife (English) situ-
ations with private family or ranch; lat*
steward and stewardess en ship; refertness.
Address A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. 8. F.
A YOUNO counle (colored) wish a ptaes to-
gether, city or country; both can cook sad
wait at table. 157S Chestnut st.. Oakland;
phone Frankle 310.
MARRIED couple with Uttl* child would Uka>
place; man is good all-round man: wlT« Is
good plain cook and good hotuekeeper. A4-
dresa box 4832. Call offlce.
WANTED — A set of books to keep by a com-
petent bookkeeper: afternoons. Address P.
O. box 2230. San Francisco.
YOUNG man, steady, reliable, bill clerk or
assistant In offlce or ¦tockroom; experienced.
Box 3550. Call office.
WANTED by married man, work as drtvw for
holidays; well acquainted In Western Addi-
tion of city. Address Sammel. 1121 Webster.
WANTED — A position In grocery by a
man of 20 years' experience; rood salesman;
can give beet of references. Box 8327. Call.
COMPETENT young man. 23 married, wants
a position with wholesale house; has com-
mercial education. Box 3349. Call offlce.
YOUNG married man desires position ia Oak-
land or vicinity; good horseman and gar-
dener. Box 863. Call office. Oakland.
MAN and wife wish work on a ranch; man to
plow; wife to cook for a few men. Call or
address 550 Mission st., Mrs. B. R.
MARINE engineer would like position of con- 1
structlon: steam or gas englr.es. Box 3373,
Call offlce.
STUDENT, experienced in mechanical dentis-
try wishes position In private office. Box
S5U6. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man desires place In gentleman's
stable, city or country; best of references.
Box 4S70. Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveler wants position with
liquor house: territory outside of city. Box
4S07. Call offlce.
YOUNG man (25) wants poettton evening: ex-
perienced in ctgar. liquor and grocery line.
Box 3543. Call office-.
YOUNO American assayer and chemist desires
position In this or foreign country. STAN-
TON, 736 Fourteenth st.. city.
A YOUNO man wl*be«t work of any kind In
a machine shop; good references. Address 41
NatoAe st.
YOUNG man wl«h»s situation of any kind; a
good driver and understands care of horses;
references. Box 4S4O. Call office.
CARPENTKU wants work by the day or Job.
G.. box 4S00. CaU_office.
WANTED— A position «¦• a clerk In dry goods
store. Address fcox 3107. Call office. .
WANTED — A position us a traveling salesman.
Address Box 319S. Call of. Ice.
SITUATION wanted as right watchman. Ad-
dress 7C0 Folsom s^
WANTED — A position In evenings after 6
o'clock. Address box 4320. Call office.
A' YOUNG man would like a position as bell-
boy. Box 3534. Call office. „
YOUNG roan wishes position as night clerk.
Box 3214. Call office.
PAINTER wants work painting. S13 Pol£
street.
ADVEP.T1SINO solicitor: Al man; highest ref-
erences. Box 35£5. Call. .
COACHMAN wanu position. J. H. C.. box
SOP. Berkel«T.
WANTED— Pisitlon as sheep rann forwnaa
Box 855C», Call olflce.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and m
A. M.— Officers and members will W
assemble at Masonic Temple SUN- /V\
DAY. Dec. 20. 1M03. at 12:30 P. in-
to conduct the funeral of our late
brother. ENOCH KITHTAN WILLIAMS.
Master Masons and friends of deceased rV-
¦pectfully invited. By order of the W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MEMBERS Brotherhood of Team- XfT*..
tteri are refivctfuily requested to CS$£\
Httend special meeting SUNDAY. VJhrfc*}
Dec. 20. at the Alhambra Theater. VhT>/
Bring your due books with you. "r
Brotherhood of Teamstera Local No. 85 of
San Francisco, Cal.
GEO. W. DILLON, Secretary.
"IT'LL be a gran' nlcht"— Twenty- v
6econd annual hogmanay supper^V £*i/J7
and ball given by the San Fran- > jXX!P"
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club, Native
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason et.. THURSDAY
EVENING. December 31, 1803. Festivities
begin at 8:30 p. m., 'march to supper at 11
p. m. Tickets *1 50 each, for sale at door on
night of the affair.
GEORGE W. MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders o£
the Nevada National Bank of .San Fran-
cipco. Cal., will be held at Its banking
I house, 301 Montgomery ftreet, San Fran-
" clsco. Cal., on Tuesday. January 12. 1004,
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors
j to eerve during the ensuing year, and for
j the transaction of Euch ether business as
may come before the meeting.
1 GEORGE GRAKT. Sec.
San Francisco. Dec. 12. 1903.
AGE NTS WANTED.
$50 WEEKLY and expenses: sample free; great-
est money-making invention of the age; au-
tomatic washer; does a washing in ;:i» min-
ut«-s without labor or attention; cheaper than
any other; Indestructible; everybody buys;
, agents coining money; thousands of testimo-
nials. Automatic Washer Co., Station U,
Cuk-ago.
WANTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; ail want it; one agent made
$100 in ten days in October; only reliable. !n-
tiustrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big comruissicn?. Address JUB1-
LEE IRON CO., Omaha, Nebr., 1503.
'SCHEMES and Fakes of America"— A book
for mall order men. agents and hustlers; an
energy maker, a brain brlghtener: full of
helpful hints a>nd dollar making Ideas; 10c
Iiottpaid. Pacific Book Agency. 120 Sutter
| Bt.. San Francleco. Cal.
' FOB a sinele dime, wnd us 10c to help pay
for mailing- and receive from the publishers
\ 100 sample copies of various magazines and
i newspapers. Pacific Advertising Agency, 12i> .
Sutter st., San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS — "The Elgin Farm Creamery" sepa-
[ rules fcream in sixty minutes without water !
dilution; thousands in use. Address ELGIN I
I CRKAM SEPARATOR, Co.. Kansas City, Mo. ;
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
•s wcrth havinz. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
i SALESMAN — Big salary or commission, to sell
our coods. by sample, wholesale or retail.
Address, with 3c for postage. Can-Dex Man-
ufacturing Co., St. IiOUls, Mo.
I AGENTS— $10 a day or evening selling auto-
matic funnels to saloons and drug stores;
oannot overflow bottles. Auto. Funn. Co.,
box 0, Elddeford, Me.
SOMETHING new; demand enormous; yulck
seller; big profit?: write to-day. Twentieth
! Century Novelty and Supply Co.. Sta.R, N.Y.
AGENTS — If you want a good feller get our
«>gg separator; sample sent for 7c. PacUlc !
Supply Co., Dept. 1. Frultvale, Cal.
', WE cay $-?2 weekly ar.3 expenses to men to
¦ ell poultry coniDOund. Imperial Mfg. Co..
D 64. Parsons. Kans.
ATTOIINEVS-AT-L.AW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 222. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorcee quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments tcr debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of tbe U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee. ¦
Eee me and rave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rrr.a. 1. 2, 3. 4 A 5, 1st fl.
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years : all cases: general court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
caee*: no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 610 Market st.. r. 31.
~~ ADVICE FREE. ~~~
Colombian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85. 016 Market St.; tel. John 6220.
DIVORCE cost" $12: open evenings; .tenants
ejected. 13. 916 Market. r.62:phone B'.sck C91.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market ct.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid*.. 927 Mar- I
* ket ft.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
BICYCLES For Snle or Exchange.
INDIAN motor bicycle. $160; California motor
tandem. $150. JOE HOLLE. Twentieth and
Folsom e'.s.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of eong and fancy birds; goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give ua a trial; we will please
ran. 1546 Market Ft.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TWO or three small children to room and
board. 1703 Market ft.
LADY wishes email child to board; good home;
good care. 63 Doriand et.
LADY wants child to board; muslo lessons,
etc. C44 Pine st.
WANTED— Child to board, at 2032 Berkeley
way, Berkeley.
LITTLE girl to board; good home. 2214 Lar-
kln at.
LADY wants a child to board. 183 Newman
St.. Holly Park.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bus-
iness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000: every business oppor-
tunity that passes through our offlce must
ttand the closest investigation, and we can
place you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A— 0 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments 1 of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qutck" swindle, turf speculation or gam.
bllng scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
* $07,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant: call or
write for particular*.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. ~
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you deelre additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
ha.-e a large number of desirable applicants
on our !>coks seeking good buelne** openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
LISTEN: To a man with brains,
snergy and decision who has from
$26,000 to $75,000 to Invest, I can
offer a proposition of unusual
merit: money can b« Invested In
installments ai work proceeds;
every cent to be bandied exclu-
sively by investor, and full and
absolute security given for same;
all expenses Incidental to fullest
Investigation paid by roe; unless
you mean business and are will- . .
Ing to act at once pleais don't
answer. Box 4514, Call.
EUHEKA— HERE'S THE PLAN
ALL INVESTORS NEED. _
THE "LEDGER" SYSTEM. .
Positively risklesa business proposition;
consistent winner all the year round; afford-
ing absolute security to all concerned; illumi-
nated book of charts fully explaining «-very
particular,' free on request.- JAS. F. FAK-
RELI* Temple court. New York City.
WANTED — Right now. a promoter with strong
financial connections: no ding-dons nor peek-
a-boo man need apply; references. Box
3242. Call offlce.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 'MM Kearny
St., rooms U and 10.
A— $1000 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market St.; dally
receipts about ?05; business clearing $300
per month: trial given; a splendid offer; In-
veutlgate st once. See K. U. WILKE. 2t}'A
Kearny st.
A— 13500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears Ies3 than $300
per manth. Call R, G. WILKE, 2614 Kear-
ny st.
A— flSOO; HALF Interest In one of the best
corner saloons ,on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
tell whole for ?34OO. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 V, Kearny. st.
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth at., close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st. r-
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
6tore; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2<Jfr Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrlBced on account of owner
N being sick In hospital. Particulars, K. G.
WILKE, 26;S Kearny at.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with fi acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter houae, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a veil established trade; this 1b a flrst-
1 class business? proposition. All particulars,
; H. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
! A— 5.">5O0; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
I of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
flrst-class paylr.s place: fullest Investigation
! solicited: this is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Gi£ Kearny e,U ;
A— 43000; GENERAL merchandise store about
CO miles from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly sales
about $15.CO0: oil earn trade: a very rare
chance. Particulars, R. G. WILKE, 26V»
j Kearny et.
j A— $2500; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
room: rent $20; a good paying business;
large stock ; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $125 per month; sickness only cause of
eale. R. G. WILKE, 2tiV£ Kearny st.
FOR sale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort, 2 hours' ride from. S.
'. V., 20 minutes' ride from depot: has 20
! acres land, eet with all kinds fruits, flow-
'¦¦ era; beautiful groves; 32-room hotel, with
j cottage of 4 roon\s, all furnished; necessary
j outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar. bath-
• houses, lake for rowing; raises own veg-
: etables. uoultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
; but, Jersey cow and calf, chickens, bar fix-
: turf*, billiard table, new upright piano; 3
i years' leas? at $.Vi0 per year, can get longer;
line mineral sprlnps; will cure many dis-
eases: money in everything on place: round
trip Bundays $1 50 from S. F.: death cause
of eale; price $2250. CAMERON. 3 Eddy at.
WANTED — Partner, $500; established com-
plexion treatment, manicuring, hair dress-
ing parlors; swell location; everything first
class; doing big business. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. r
FOR sale— Best little restaurant in city; rent
i $45; central; receipts $35 to $40 day; must
j» leave town; price $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR pale or trade — Quartz mlne;flne prospect;
located in Cal.; asays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy. ,
FOR sale — Owner offers the complete furniture
; nearly new, 60 bedrooms, 2 dining-rooms,
kitchen and- barrooms, with bar license,
stock and 'J-year lease, of the best paying
hotel in the city, considering the amount In-
verted; respectable and well located: parties
having less than $25,000 need not apply; over i
SUtiO per month profit guaranteed to any one '
who understands the business. Address 215,
MASON OPERA-HOUSE, Los Angeles, Cal.
ADD to your Income — We offer men in many
towns positions as local manager; a busi-
ness of vour own; requires little time; $50 to
$500 monthly, all on small investment; we
? tart you for $15 and up, according to num-
ber of machines: be your own boss. The
National Automatic Cigar Vender Company,
suite 111. 59 Dearborn St., Chicago.
$450— CANDY, notions, cigars; 5 living r"ms.
$550 — Cigar store; clears $100 monthly.
$U00 — Fruit store: good business; 6nap.
$soo — Grocery and liquors; 2 rooms; corner,
$15<H» — 26 roorrs; cl?ars ¥100 month.
W. IS. INGRAM & CO., 759 Market st.
CALL and eee the list of lodging houses from I
«i to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged:
money loaned on chattels: millinery store to
exchange. EITEL &CARROLL. 212 Kcafny.
INVEST in Redding Gold and Copper Mining
Company's stock; ,25c per share, fully guar-
anteed, with a first mortgage, C per cent,
10-year gold bond; mining properties and
water rights in Shasta County, Cal. Write
or call Safe Deposit building, San Fran-
cisco. \
MONEY tn squabs; big profits, small expense;
beats poultry; easy for women and Invalids;
circular free; our squab manual explains
everything; free to purchasers or 25c post-
paid. Philadelphia Squab Co., 2039 East
York tt.. Philadelphia. Pa.
j $500— FURNITURE store; established about
: fifteen years; an especial opportunity for a
good cabinet-maker, as there Is a large trade
in making odd pieces of furniture. S. S.
QL'ACKENBUSH. real estate. Insurance.
notary public, 2171 Shattuck ave., Berkeley,
_£^
FOR^Eale — Interest In publication which la the
largest and most Influential In its class 1 In
the West: party must have had experience
•either In business department or editorially;
company prefers interested partner rather
than salaried man. Address box 3542. Call.
$5th>,000 — CORPORATION doing large foreign
& American business manufacturing staple
article, requires services of energetic man for
position of trust A responsibility: liberal sal-
ary & commission: ' highest references re-
3 quired. Add. Manufacturer, box 644, Detroit.
HOTEL business 10 miles from this city; 40
permanent bcarders; good bar business; rent
$CS per month under long lease; will bear
closest Investigation; price $1650 to effect Im-
mediate eale. Box 3S2C, Call offlce.
A PROMINENT young man, both socially and
politically, and president cf an organization
of some 5000 members, desires financial back-
ing to open first-clans saloon. Box 3531, Call.
GOOD paying: corner saloon; must be sold on
account of sickness; low rent; long lease;
thin is a bargain for any one. Address box
4S35. Call offlce.
$5000 — ESTABLISHED business; no experi-
ence; profits $400 to $500 monthly; Investi-
gate. Call between 11 and 2 p. m. (Sunday)
1125A Alabama St., or write.
DELICACY and liquor store, living rooms;
Flckneee only cause; at cost price. Inquire
'• 1521 Devlsadero St.
j A SPLENDID opportunity to secure an Inter-
est in an absolutely aafe Al Investment;
courts investigation. Box 853S, Call offlce.
WANTED— Side line by commercial traveler,
calling on the stationery trade of the Pacific
Coast Stafs. Box 3533. Call. /
TO buy — Good paying cigar store; wholesale 1
district preferred: -state daily receipts. Ad-
dress box 3551. Call office.
j WANTED— Have $1000 to Invest In any good
paying business. Call or write particulars,
IS Montgomery St., room 8.
THVO adjoining stores with basement, below
Kearny Et.; to lease, $50. BABIN, 413
Kearny st.
$3000 — SPLENDID chance to engage in first-
class enterprise; strict Investigation; Mon-
day. 1230 Broadway.
TO sell or rent — Good paying restaurant, ac-
count of leaving city. 2881 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — A partner and location for new sa-
loon; have the license. Box 4837, Call.
"WANT party wishing to invest about $300; full
security. Address box 3566, Call offlce.
A — $7500 — FIRST-CLASS corner grocery across
the bay: receipts from $60O to $750 per
month; actual stock on hand about $3000;
owner retiring from business. THE ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
SHOE etore. up to date. In best location at
Berkeley station: good trade; nice stock that
will invoice about $4000: call at once and
see. D. L. JUNGCK, 2117 Ehattuck ave.,
Berkeley, Cal.
PARTY or parties to Invest $1000 to $1500 In
poltry and squab plant; 15 per cent guar-
anteed on Investment: silent partners only.
Address box 3576. Call offlce.
$-}50 — PARTNER; established business, pay-
Ing about $2000 annually; investigate. Box
48S7. Call. ,
FOR salfr— Dental practice, established 9 years,
instruments' and furnished house of 7 rooms,
$1000; or dental practice $500. , Box 4862, Call.
SALOON in wholesale district; must be sold
on account of sickness of proprietor; , rent
reasonable; good receipts; closes at C p. m.
Box 3195. Call offlce.
WANTED— Partner with small capital, in
country town; hardware business. Call 612
Eddy et., front room, top floor.
FOR eale — Dressmaking par'ors with two liv-
' ing rooms furnished suitable for other busi-
ness; $100. 1005 Larkin st. . -.
P.ESTAURANt] 134 Third St. (Fisher's old
stand.) Must be sold at otice; 3-year lease.
$300 WILL buy dyeing and cleaning works.
650 Sacramento St., near Kearny. . .. -
$500— WILL sell at sacrifice, saloon stock, fix-
tures, good will, etc Apply 316 Clay, st.'
CHURCH SERVICES.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st..
near Webster— Rev. 1. C. Meserve, D. D.
jiastor. Christmas musical services st II a.
m. and 7:45 p. ro. The pastor's morning
theme will be ••The Glory end Joy of Christ -
man." his ever.lng theme "The Greatest
Thing in the World." The quartet ch° lr .
K?i>is:ed by a chorus. aDd Slg. A. Lombardo
flutist, and Mr. Arthur Young, violinist, wi.i
lender appropriate music, morning and even-
ins.
KinST Congregational Church, comer of Post
an3 Mason etn.— K«>v. George C. Adams. D.u..
pastor, will preach et both services. At 11
h. m.. topic, "The Writing of the First
Book." At 7:45 p. m.. topic. "An Ef/ n<>st
Inquirer." All are cordially invited. «_hri«t-
mm senices on rext Sunday morning and
evening. .
CALVARY Presbvterisn Church corner Jack-
Fcn and Fillmore sts —Rev. John Hemphlli.
1). V.. raptor. Morning «ervlce it
o'clock; f-rtnon toDic, "A Chain That Will
Hold" Evening service at 7:30 o'clock:
wrmon topic, "Uur Hopeful Elder Brother.
The pajKc will rreach at bath service*,
fcabbath school at »:30 a. in.. , orchestral
mumc. Christian Endeavor meeting at «.>io
,'. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening
at * o'clock. All are cordially invited.
jrm^T Presbyterian <7hurch. Van Ness ave.
«nd Sacramento «.— Rev. William Kirk
Gnthrta, pnetor. Morning Fervice, Jl oc.och;
evening Mrviee. 7:SO o clock. Subject. "The
Future Ufe— Grecian Beliefs." The pastur
•will preach at both Ferviees. Sabbath-school
»l 12:30. There will 1*» epeclal Chrletmas
services. Christian Endravor pocleties at
f.:15 p. m. and 0:13 p. n. Wednesday, b
p. ni.. tn.du-eck service. All are cordially
invited.
WRPTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, comer j
Webster r.nd Page tts., Haight. Hayes and j
rilln-.ore ttreet cars handy— Morning service i
«t 1 1 o'clock. Christmas ffnr.oa for young I
people by Rev. J. T. Wills-. l>. D-_ and tn the
evening at 7:45 theme. "The Incarnation of
the Eternal Word." Sunday-school at 8:4j j
h. m. Christian Endravor at C:."0 p. m. j
Prayer met ting every Wednesday evening- -t
7-43. All invited and welcome.
UN-1TARIAN Church <Flrst>. £.W. cor. Geary
an<5 Franklin s>rs. — Etcr. Ilradford l^eaviti,
minister: Charles A. Murdock and Rev.
Chri-torher R.»f?, superintendents of Sun-
day school. Junior church and Sunday school
are at l'» a'docfe. BandsT service is at ill
o'clock. Mr. Lcavltt will preach: subject.
•The Way rf Most Resistance." Music by
quartet. rjid.T direction of H. Br*therlck.
..rsaniM. J'ai-er.rs may leave children in tbe
kindergarten room «2urlns service. AM are j
cordially Invited. j
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen- J
tieth r.nd Capp Ftre-ct? <t3ke Mission or \ a ,
lenda street car)— The Her. Jay William I
Hudson minister: residence. 500 Capp st. The :
£uatf*y-*Cbool meets at 1»:45 o'clock. W. C
Mrxvell t.jperiiuei.dt nt. At the morning ser-
vice st 11 o'clock the P.ev. Jay William Hud-
son will preach. Subject. 'A Sermon from |
a Pair.ter-Poet." Mus'c by orchestra and |
choir under the direction of Jabi«h Cement, j
AM the seats are free. No evening service.
EJMPSON Memorial M. B. Church, corner
Have* enl Buchancn sts. — Hev. John Ste-
phens, partor. 3S3 Haljrht ct. Public wor-
ship at Zl a. m. anti 7:.'{0 p. m. Bandar-
*rhoct at 12:30 r- m.. C. 1*. Perkins euperin-
tenaert. Epworth league et 0:30 p. m.. Dr.
R. O. Moo-iy president. The pastor will preach
m the Btorninf service to-day. In the even-
ing Rev. W. K Matthew. D.D.. presiding el- i
A'r. wi!i preach. Excellent ir.usie by chorus i
choir, I. S. Blake director. All invited. j
CENTRAL M. K. Church. Mission »t., between j
Sixth and Seventh — P'rachinp l>cth morning
m and evening by the pastor. Rev. George W.
White. Sunday-school at 12:45. Rolla V.
Watt pupTintt-ndt-r.'. "Vo-jr-g people's meet-
1r.c at <J:13. «'onccrt from 7:30 to t>, followed
fcy eermon. E'erybotly welcome. .
— i
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gou^h tts. — Holy
OcTnmunlon. T:SO a. m. Morning prsyer. 11
o c.tyrk, sermon by T-ector. t».*ening Fei-vlce t
f> r^'clock, servir-e fry assistant. Christmas
<l»y. December 25. 11O3, morning service an<l
Holy Communion, 11 o'clock, eermon by
rector.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Mock. 223 Putter «.. bet. Kt-arny and Jr-uit
«ve— <a»ri*tlan Science fervice at 11 a. »•!.:
eub.'ect <fc Ie5con-perm"n. "Christian Scien-e."
Sunday school for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o" clock.
Tree reading-room. 206 Kearny Et., rooms I
f>of»-MO. All ere welcome. j
FIRST Baptist CT.urch. Edfly st.. near Jones— j
Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:"0 p. tn.. by Rev. i
Thctr.as Baldwin, D.D. : Hlble school 12:»0 i
p. m.: Christian Endesvor meeting 6:30 p.
m. : midweek prayer srrvice Wednesday. 7:43
T>. m.. led by Dr. Baldwin. All ceats free.
THK IVod» Churrji meets every Sunday
evening et K!ks' Hall. ?2S fc'utter st. Pastor.
Mrs. Anna L. GlUe*!/.*; salolst. Miss Jessie
Gardiner.
A MOST tntereFtlng and helpful service for
nen only will be held to-day at 3 o'clock «t
the Tount Men's Chrixian Association Audi-
torium. Profersor T. A. Harrison of Boston
will read his famous *tory. "Love vs. Joy,"
vhich portrays the Influence of a Christian
xrj'e ever a dissipated and tin-wrecked hus-
hanil. A rhlnej>e quartet will sing. All seats
In the fca'I free to men.
THE Theoforhicsl Society — Colonel H. 8, Ol-
cott. prefldem-roursder: headquarters. Aead-
«Tny of ScUnces building. Rl!) Market n.
Public le«nure !n main hsll at S p. m.; s»b-
?ect. "Many Practical Truths." by tn\j
speaker*. Lotus group. 11:30 a. m. Study
class. Thursday. 2:T,0 r>. ro.
THE Theo5<-,phi-al Society. GoUen Gate Lodge
— Free public lectures every Bundar. 8 p. tn.. I
Flood bu!l<iinc. £09. Market st. Subject to- !
right. "<~restJon as Given In the Secret
Doctrine," bjr Mr. W. L. Ducey. Library
and reading-room cpen daily. 2 to 4 p. m.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
1£XS. DR. E SANDERS. 41 R Post tt.
THE WORLDS GREATEST MEDIUM.
DO WE
MEET
AGXIN?
euggeeticm and new thought taught; bueineng
•lttings flaily except Sunday; circle to-night.
4U". J. COLVILLE lectures In Flood building.
• Market »t.. 3 p. m. : Loring Hall. Eleventh
and Clay «ts.. Oakland. 7:30 p. m.; sub-
ject. "Life and Works of Herbert Epencer."
Lectures in feme hall. San Krandeco, Tu»>..
Thurs.. Sat.. ." and h p. m. ; Oakland. Mon. ¦
and W<v5., S r. m. oalr.
i>R. SIMMONS. 721 Franklin »t.. near G. G.
ave. — Automatic writing trance medium; cir-
cle* Suncar. Monday, Wednesday and Friday
#ren:ngs. 8 o'clock, 25c; wonderful healer;
cures through spirit power; when others fall
rbe will cure you; terms reasonable.
-TESTS. Mrs. Gillinrham. Mr. Wilson; reads
«eal«d «j-jestlor.»; front hall. OW Market St.:
aeelrted by Dr. Cowan, Independent tests, 8
p. m.; others; 10c.
ita*. f>el«y's tert; lecture by Dr. Hslm Brooks,
"Bible Evolution": healing by both, Remem-
brance Hi!!, Odd Fellows' bid., 8 p. m.; 10c.
JIRE. FTODDARD'S Beanee* give Individual
Identity of returning fTirit?, JOc; Sunday,
Tuesday. 278 Ninth st.
3. ET1TT WlLPON^at Alhambra Theater to-
Tiich': "The Impeachment of Capitalism and
the Remedy." Free.
JOHN PLATER will held a rrand test seance
?o-nirht at 6:15 rherp, lower ball, 117 Lar-
k'.n ct.
VT. O. ICKEGAK hoirta t^t seances every right
- ** c *P t Eat.. 10c; sit., 10 to 3. I4S Sixth st.
Friendship Hall, 3.15 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; testa e\-ery evg. JOc; readings daily.
peer EirypUan, Hindoo occult; reads daily- cir-
cl«8 Wed.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. ; 10c. 510 EUle st.
MRS. HAnLANDS circles evenings: to-night.
10c; readings caily. COc. |1. 148 Sixth tt.
MRS. EnnRHAniDTS test meeting, fi p. m.
2250 22<1. bet. Mission and Valencia; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test to-r.lght- 10c-
private readings daily. C19 McAllister.'
MRS. Connoll. US Cth *t.— Circle every sight*
tests to all: 10c; readings dally.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' mnteriallztag seance.
Pundar eve., fiftc. 1115 Post gt.
H C.\n i A Y IXCTCREgj ~~
"NOW lecture. Henry Harrison Brown
"Chrietmas end New Thought." This Is a
<*hrisunas lecture and of course will be dlf- !
ferent from any you have yet heard- the
epctker win refer to the Christ principle
"ree. with collection. Memorial Uall Odd
Fellows' building. 8 p. ra. eharp. Music.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
?¦vening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle 90»
Market st.: fub> c t. "The Ears." followed
by %iews of Palestine and Jerusalem- free
tl«-icets will be distributed » O r X-ray ex-
hibition at sanitarium Tuesday evening
liememher the question txfx; gpeelal muMc.
DR. McIVOR-TTNDALL. Ktcinway Hall 223
Sutler et.. to-nls:ht. demonstrating and ex-
plaining power of "Georgia Magnet"; a'so
manifestations of psychometry. thought-
transfcrrence. clairvoyance and telepathy.
FI1EE lecture — "The Cominr Race," b y u ev
W. E. Coreland, at CIS Van Nets ave., at
?• o'clock thle evening.
ITOORESSIVn Snlritunlist*. Odd Fellows'
l-i-lldlne:. 7th and Market ets. Mrs. It. s.
Ivl'l'e. eperker. ;
A.STROLOGV.
AKSIVAL-fAetor. celebrated New .York as-
trologer: authority on sconce; well known
writer: sanctioned by Postal - Department;
horoscopes, lessens; consultation . $1: what-
ever yowr doubt*. Aetor's advice brings.-suq r
c*Mfdl termination: unable. call, mall birth.
*nclr*e tl: axk question*; rrply,.return mall.
t Office. ' tiockxt ore, 1203 Market et.. oppoRlt*.
Clty Ht'.:; hcura, 10 to S, daily and Sunday.
CARPET BEATING AJ>P CLEA _^ I -^5 ; -
AIR now universally used tn cleaning carpets
1 on floor, without removal: price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 6237^ •
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. .".55-257 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Ero*. : carpet beatlnsr: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South ..10.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 H»r-
rlson st.; Al clearing; 3c: tel. Mission 2-3.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works: Prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Wjfl".
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East '^°-
CO LLECT1 0 X^OFFICE9^^_^_^
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montromery. rooms 0-10: tet 6380.
CUBES BUPl'UBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market «t.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
AFTER three yeara of personal experimenting.
on November 15. 1003. the solution of the
problem has been solved of how to rtre u
per cent of ruptures; from the best authority,
less than 10 per cent has been cured by the
ordinary truss In the past hundred years.
~ ~ DENTISTS.
DR7~GSt;SSr^M^6-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call »t offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
I —No charge for extracting when plates aro
! made; old plates made over like new; teeth
' from $S per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fllllngs, 30c;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14. Phelan building. San Francieco.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up: fllllngs 25c.
GOLD fllllngs, 75c: sliver. 35c: crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
JBETECTIVES^^
I WESTERN Detective Agency attends to all
I legitimate detective work, civil and criminal,
ohadowlng. Investigations, private Informa-
tion; charges reasonable. Parrott bldg.. roonv
4C5. Telephone Howard 2551.
dressmakers axd seamstresses
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
Epeclal to pupils entering this week.
Cutter and fitter wanted for Reno. Nev.
Imported patterns. Evening class.
1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mrkt.
E DUC ATI O X A I..
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first cf the year to Its new home. 800-823
Golden Gate ave.. occupying 18,000 square
feet the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially fitted building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every modern Idea looking- to
the health, cemfort and best advancement of
our students will be Incorporated. All de-
partments are to be reorganized and refur-
nished throughout. When occupied it will be
the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our 73-page Illustrated
catalogue, telling all about our special 23 per
cent removal discount rates.
Address 300 Larkin st. for the present.
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages In securing positions, also
convenient car service: experienced buslnew
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep- ,
ing; Grrgg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market »t.
SANSKRIT LANGUAGE— Swami Trlgunatita.
a Sanskrit scholar cf India, will give public
lessons on Sanskrit language, begioning with
the alphabet, at 40 Stelner St.. cor. Her-
mann (take Fillmore or Halcht car.), «very
Wednesday at 2:30 p. m. and every Friday
at 8:30 p.m., commencing on January tf.
1904. on or before which students must have
their admission for the session. Kvery leo-
Eon 50c. besides the first admission fee (only
once) $1 50. Apply sharp.
AYKES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.: established 18 years; life scholar-
ship, $30: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions se-
cured: the college refurnls»d wtth new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 300 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual ln-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 yean. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tlve Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
HEALD'B School of Mines A Electrtdty.24 Post
st., S. F.: a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgrs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard at., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day. ev.: est. 1884. Van
der'Nalller. School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
GERMXN lesson* by experienced teacher (Ger-
man lady). 1250 O'Farrell et.
KENT Law School, day and night. 636 Par-
rott building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping-, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.gth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE~AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 138—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Ttl. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C9; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Main Sl&O.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help st
Leon Seung's. 41U4 O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A COOK, Canadian, young, strong, flrst-class
references from her last place, wants a situa-
tion. For particulars call at MISS PLUNK-
ETT'S Employment Bureau, 425 Sutter St.,
, near Powell.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day:
¦ la willing; guarantees ' satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; flne laundrees: $1 23
day; car fare. MRS. WILSON, 174 Fourth
St.. room 10. Y '-V " :
A— SECRETARY; experienced young business
woman; expert bookkeeper, cashier, typist. I
correspondent; best references. Box 4S36, |
Call offlc. ¦_ j
AN experienced nurse wishes 1 engagements: '
surgical or confinements; references: reason- i
able: careful: economical. Call or address ;
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh St. J
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and expe- j
rienced stenographer and typewriter, highest
references, desires position. In or out of !
city. Box 4S33. Call offlce. |
WANTED— Situation- by a middle-aged New j
j England woman as cook; «^n give bert city t
references. Call or address Cook. 313 Turk j
St.. for 5 days (Mrs. Bark's). j
DFlESiMAKER cloak and suit maker, cutter •
and fitter; only flrst-class work done; gowns j
made at home: few more engagsments per
day. E. C. BARSS. C4 Webster st.
AN experienced woman would like work in
boarding, lunch house or restaurant from ft
to 2; wait or assist In kitchen. Call at U
Tehaoa. st. • - ' '
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, typist; general of-
fice work: youns lady; accurate, rapid, re-
liable; best references. Bex 3341. Call. -
A YOUNG woman wants work, washing. Iron- '
ing or bousecleanlng. last three days of week 1
Please call or address 435 Fourth st.
A GOOD seamstress wishes position by the
day: aleo an experienced waitress for parties
or dinners. 1633 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKER, first class, desires work by
the day. Box 2823, Call. V
BUSINESS CUAXCES— Continued.
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED
BY
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO. (Incorporated).
CAPITAL STOCK. »250,O0O.0U.
; 5 to 7 i>er cent weekly on accounts of $25
and upward has been earned and paid by this
company since January 1 1003. Our grand
success Is undoubtedly the result of our strict
adherence to conservative methods.
PERCENTAGE PERCENTAGE
Is our aim and the secret of our success.
Positively no stock, oil. mining or betting
system, but an absolutely safe and sound
business proposition. Immune from the
vicissitudes of the speculator, yet earning lor
our patrons more actual net profit each week
than they ever believed possible.
WE RECOGNIZE NO K1VALS NOR COM-
PETITORS IN OUR LINE OF BUSINESS.
Reckoned from the average profit we have
earned in the past
$25 earns you $6 44 per month.
*«"ii» earns for $12 KS per month.
$UH) earns you $25 73 per month.
$250 earns you $04 3S per month.
$500 earns you $128 75 per month.
$1000 earns you $257 50 per month.
ALL DIVIDENDS PAYABLE WEEKLY.
Every dollar sent us Is subject to with-
drawal upon demand, and It Is with pride
that we can say we have never lost a dollar
for any bubsenber nor failed to return la
full, upon request, all of a subscriber's orlg- ;
lnal Investment. You can easllv verify the
truth of our statements by corresponding
with bona-fide investors In jour own locality. ,
whose names and addresses will be sent -to j
you upon request, together with unquestloa- |
able banking references ar,d handsome free j
booklet, explaining our methods. Address aU i
communications to ; _^ \
JOHN R. PEARSON A CO., ;
•JX> Dearborn st.. . I
Chicago, 111.
THE BEST OPPORTUNITY IN EXISTENCE.
For the Investment of small and large sums j
of Idle money where it will produce a large j
! and steady weekly Income without risk or loss, i
and principal back on demand. !
Our aim Is to pay investors the full earning |
on money invested by them, and our enterprise i
is such a wonderful and growing success that I
we can safely guarantee Investors larger re- j
turns than any Investment enterprise at pres-
ent before the public.
Those seeking an investment that has proved
for years to be aafe and reliable, and at the |
same time yielding large returns, should at |
once address
THK AMERICAN ASSURANCE ASS'N.,
(Incorporated)
121 Geary st, San Francisco.
MONTGOMERY A TILLEY W r ILL SELL YOU
A LODGING-HOUSE FOR CASH OR
EASY PAYMENTS.
LOAN YOU MONEY ON ANY HOUSE TO
BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE. BUSINESS
¦CHANCES OF ALL KINDS. SEE US.
103 TELEGRAPH AVE.. OAKLAND.
Lodging-houses «>aylns: $50 to $300 per
month; price $400 up. Phone Red 6208.
A KREDO & CO.— A
PHONE BLACK 6872 765 MARKET ST.
We have 4 desirable country hotels, 3 road-
houses, 2 resorts, 20 to 40 rooms, aerense
and real property included, from $2250 up to
$6000. See KREDO & CO. Money loaned.
WANTED — To purchase a cahdy store. Apply
803 % Market et., room 1.
WANTED — To purchase a -star store. Apply
. 865V& Market et., room 1.
WANTED— To buy from o '..er. good Euro-
pean hotel or roomlng-hoiue 75 to 100 rooms:
modern: must stnnd Investigation. Address
box 4813. Call offlce.
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation; low rent; steady boarders; no agents.
Box £803. Call office.
I HAVE $2000 or more to Invest with parties
with equal amount In bookmaklngr at 'Frisco.
Address box 3100, Call office. •¦
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest?
W r rlte us for particulars: agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
et., San Francisco, Cal.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Established eighteen yea..:.
We will sell any house
MARION on the Installment plan.
GRIFFIN. Business — is — Booming.
Call, write or phone us|
for big free list of houses. |
Title abstract furnished free.j
(Room 406, Examiner Building.) ¦
Phone Black 3607. Talte elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market sts.. San Francisco.
0 rooms on O'Farrell; $600: reduced to $150;
rent $40; a well furnished snap.
100 rooms; flrst-class family hotel; all mod-
ern conveniences; cuisine and service special
features; 10- year lease; ocean water on each
floor.
65 rooms; new and modern building: splendid
furnishings; 5- year lease: clears $450 month.
21 rooms"; high-toned transient corner house;
3 blocks of Market; clears $150 to $203
month.
34 rooms: corner house, north Market; reducsd
to $2230; terms one-half down and Install-
ments, or will exchange for smaller house
or real estate.
25 rooms: corner; 3 blocks of Market: $1550;
rent $75; a good, honest lodging-house.
30 rooms; new and modern; extra flne furnish-
ings; hot water in every room; very swell;
$1500 to $2000 In cash necessary; lease;
clears $170.
40 rooms; new house: new furnishings; rent
$100: severe Blcknees reduced the price to
$3000.
: 23 rooms; near Turk and Market; rent $100;
clears $125 month; JS1700; central; tasy
terms.
57 rooms: furnished gorgeously In velvet and
blrdseye maple; new; 5-year lease; big profit.
62 rooms; $5000; rent $225; guaranteed to be
clearing $230 month above all expenses; re-
spectable; 5-year lease; fine corner house.
' 28 rooms; $1250; great bargain; must sell;
rent $30; full of people; quiet house.
32 rooms; corner apartment-house in spacious
grounds; rent $125; clears $200; well fur-
nished.
50 rooms; $4000; swell apartments; 4-year
lease; up to date; new house; paying big
j dividends.
20 rooms In flne grounds; large, - sunlit man-
sion; magnificently furnished; now clearing
$150; death cause of eale; boarding-house.
83-room- hotel with bar; doing rushing busi-
ness; oak and cherry furniture; worth $10.-
000; will sell for $0500; dissolution of part-
nership.
14-room pickup; a holiday gift for some de-
serving lady; price $330 cash; a respectable
house, clearing $38 monthly.
15 rooms; $1100; transient house, near Mar-
ket: good condition; easy terms; makes much
money.
cC E. HINKLET. C. E. HINKLBY.
Phone Mint 706.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth st.
Our Guarantee, Satisfaction to All.
Former Patrons My Beat References.
40 rooms, boarding, worth $3000; only.JISOO
22 rooms, clears $87, 3 years' lease.... 1800
12 rooms, rent $35, piano A sew. mchne. 600
0 rooms partially furnished, rent $30. . 25<>
2O rooms, lease, elec. lights, rent $40. . • 650
8 rooms. Post St., rent $32 snap 250
S3 rooms, transient, lease, only 1500
CASH— $100 for 14 rooms; Post St.; price $650,
balance small monthly payments. Only with
HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
EXQUISITE furnishings; 50 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance; lease;
clears $200; liberal terms; a little gem; see
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST. j
¦ 4
MODERN— 120 rooms; rent less than $3 a
room; up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nished; books open; clears $350 to $400
monthly; price $6000; part cash, balance easy.
¦¦¦¦* ¦.,,- HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
E3LEGANTLY furnished; 18 rooms; modern;
lease; sunny, bright and cheerful rooms;
price $1500; $700 cash, balance 8 per cent:
this Is a good buy with liberal terms. Only
with HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
FOR IMMEDIATE SALE—
New and beautifully furnished 20-room
house in select renting district:
furniture and carpets absolutely new;
low rtnt ; long lease; ¦ fine . appearing, house;
owner must sell at once on account of
pressing interests and wants an offer;
half of purchase price can remain at the
extremely low rate of 6 per cent per annum:
any reasonable offer will secure this.
MUTUAL REALTY CO., 72O Market et.
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap: 18 rooms in a flne
location; Just furnished new; if you take It
quick a very, low price will b« made; don't
overlook this offer: there's nothing In town
to beat It. Apply H. S. RANSOM. 261 Geary.
$1400— SPORTING house. 16 rooms, heart of
city; rent $60; half cash, balance long time:
owner must sell; can get liquor license. Box
3581. Call offlce.
A— $1100; 21 ROOMS: on Fourth near Market;
nicely furnished; clears $00: leaee; cheap
rent. EUREKA REALTY CO.. 710 Market.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., . Phone 105a
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 r.; grand modern apartment house;
beautllul building; elegantly furni»h?d;
swell people; clearing. $400 to $MK> a
month* see this.
88 r.; rent $225; oak furn.; Brussels car-
pets; furn. 0 mo.; clears $250 mo.:
cash; sickness J.S5000
7 r.; rent $40; oak furn: good carps.; snap 350
50 r. ; new modern building; elegantly
furn.; long lease; cheap rent; Illness;
make offer.
14 r. ; rent $75; oak furn.; clears $50 900
7 r.; upper flat; rent $50; well furn 475
125 r. ; flrst-class downtown house; 5 years'
lease; private baths; well furn: bargain.
0 r.; rent $40; beautifully furn.: flat re-
duced 450
22 r.; rent $S0: Nob Hill; well furn 2200
88 r.; swell location; elezant building;
'most luxuriously furn.; every modern
convenience; elegant halls; everything
up to date; called East by sickness;
a gem.
15 r. ; Van Ness; oak. mahogany furn.;
bargain 1200
30 r.; rent $U5; lease: well turn; clears
$100 2000
6S r. ; cheap rent; downtown; electric ele-
vator; electric lights; all modern equip-
ments; up %> date; clearing $300 to $400;
illness.
! 12 r. ; rent $47; oak furn; good carpets;
I clean 850
I 10 r. ; rent $40; furn., carpets good; good
I buy 700
GO r. ; one of the most beautifully furn. of
the new modsrn houses; all full; clears
I ' $4C0 to $500; obliged to leave city.
j B r.t oak furn.; moquet carpets; 4 months. 500
i 50 r. : cor.; oak furn.; good carpets; clears
$250 4200
72 r. : new and elegantly furn. family
hotel; swell location; rent 55 50 per
room; furn. 15 months; clearing $600
per month; will racrtflce.
?2 r. ; rent $«5; oak furn: clears $75 1S0O
W* r. ; rent $250: lease: well furn.: boarding 4750
40 r. ; rent only $125; flne location; well
fum.; part apartments: this house Is al-
ways full: clearing $250 to $300 a month.
I R r. : rent $42: oak furn.: clears $25 mo... ¦ 450
J 14 r. : rent $63; first class: part cash 1400
St» r. ; rent $225; new. 4 mo«. ; oak furn.:
! clears $250 to $,"00 mo. ; l ' a cash, bal 1
1 per cent 6000
I 18 r.; rent $75; fine little apartment house;
! new 1700
12 r. ; rent $45: well furn.; clears $50..*.. f>50
<S r. : upper cor. flat; good furn. carpets.. 650
11 r. : rent 50; furn. good; clears $.1S; re-
¦ duced '750
I 34 r. : fine downtown house; money-maker 3200
121 r. : rent *S3; well furn.; lease; clears
$100 1700
17 r. ; rent $7<>: Post: clears $71: part cash 1100
44 r. : cor.; rent $1SO; flrst-class money-
maker "C00
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2353.
CALL OFFICE. _^
A GOOD paying boarding-house. 12 rooms:
splendid location; one block from local: sold
cheap If taken within 10 days; nil new fur-
nlture. Box 884. Call offlce. Oakland.
A— $3000: PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ne«s ave.;
rcotr.s always occupied and flrst-class patron-
age. See R. Q. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. FRED P. EVANS, noted slate-writ-
ing and clairvoyant psychic; the acknowl-
edged peer of all phenomenal mediums.
Consulted dally on all matters of import-
ance. Nothing to sell. No charms, no
schemes. Charges for time only. And. while
Prof. Evans la considered the highest priced
medium in San Francisco, yet his patrons
gratefully admit his worth and superiority
over others and save time and money by
consulting this reliable medium. Indorsed
by the president of the National Associa-
tion of Spiritualists and all the leading so-
cieties and Journals devoted .to psychic
phenomena. Office 1112 Eddy. nr. Octavla.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy at., nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
A— ETHEL CRINDLE'S materializing seance,
Sunday eve., 60c. 32S Ellis st., 8 o'clock.
MEDIUM, card reader: ladles only; -readings
25c up. 412Vi Tehama St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday. _
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
8 o'clock. $1. 1034 Bush st.
MME. FRANCIS, a truly gifted medium and
card reader. 110 Sixth st.
, CLAIRVOVA\TS.
A— CASHMIREi Wizard of the Orient. Cash-
mire, Clairvoyant Trance Medium.
There are no affairs of importance past,
present or future but what by Cashmire's
knowledge and highly developed powers can
plainly be revealed, spiritually or materially;
advice In business, mining, patents. Invest-
ments or anything you may be In trouble
about; predictions are always correct: com-
mon sense says go and partake of these ad-
vantages and after years you will be spared
the saddest of all words — It might have been;
knowledge of the future Is j>ower for the
present; your prospects to-day may be your
fortune to-morrow If properly handled; call
to-day, to-morrow may be too late; $1 read-
Ing to all calling within next 7 days; teaches
secret power t» control any one you desire,
though miles away; brings the separated to-
gether: how to win and marry the one of
your choice; gives your name and the name
of the one you will marry; estates, missing
persons, buried treasures. Hours 10 a. m.,
8:30 p. m. 3C5 Taylor St., corner Ellis.
>_PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
t .you consult me.
I do hereby eolemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you 'if husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact, I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriaw, give you good luck, re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sun. 2-6.
326 O'Farrell St.; low fee this week— $1, $1, $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed;
readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A LIVORNO,
The World-Renowned Palmist
• And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny st., over Hammemmlth A Field's;
see portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
' testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance: 3 questions by mall; $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
ni. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postofflce,
"Wells-Fargo money order or, registered letter.
10c 10c lOo
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers; your past,
present and future an open book; and they
tell it truly; no fairy tales, no faking; coma
and seo them.
285 Geary St., near Powell.
lOo.. 10c 10c
MRS. A. II. KRONENBERG, palmist, clalr-
voyant, ¦ card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave. j
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
eence. 406 Geary St., near Mason, room 1.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice; :
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12,
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 0 p.m.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. Cth: open Sun.
MME. CARROL. 012 McAllister St.: card and
¦ planet reader; dally;trumpet circles -Sun. eve.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23 \j Cth; la. 23c, g. BOc.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
20V& Kearny. room 20; ladies; 25c. gents 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. 50c, G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44S% Jessie «t.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CBEDIT CIiOTHIEHS.
C. K. ADAMS~c6f~ ~~* "" ? " ~ ~" ~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at caih prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. P"c«».
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN- '
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st., on small
weekly payments: goods delivered on first
. payment.
.COTTAGES WANTED.
COUPLE, no children, wish to rent small cot-
tage In Mlcslon, about Twenty-fourth et. Box
. 3100, Call offlce. , ,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
55
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1, 1903, and for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will make a liberal reduction from all prices
for my special deep wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been On exhibition in the
drug store windows may be seen at my offlce
this week from 10 to 5, In order to accommo-
date those who have requested to examine the
face more thoroughly in private.* , , .
1 M. ELLA HARRIS, ,
" 781 O'Farrell at.,'- near Larkln. Call or write
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE. !
Young- ladies steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs . and tailor-made
suits to order, on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON, 762
Market ct. ¦-
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed;
guaranteed or money returned; it removes by
absorption in 10 minutes without pain or in-
Jury to the most delicate skin; free .test
treatment given. Call from 10 a. .m. to 4 p.
m. daily, room 40, Columbian building," 916
Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
KUSTER, the "Hair Doctor" (only one on
coast), 11C2 Franklin St.. Oakland — Read my
circular, learn why long hair. . shampoos,
singing, injure; remedies fakes; microbes,
etc.. humbug.
LADIES' perfection seamless rubber glovee
keep the hands smooth, soft and white while
doing housework; postpaid $1 25; send size of
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 57,
Lima, Ohio. .
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice: you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission st.. cor. 11th. j
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth at.. Oakland.
, — — — — . ,
! A NEW idea in Jewelry and Central American
curios, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that carries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine ¦ habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter Ft.; fee moderate. ¦
MAN'S best friend— Dr. Mutter's Quick Cure
for Lost Manhood; acts Immediately; "it does
the business" ; sample free. KRAIGCO,
chemist, Dept. 204, Milwaukee, Wls.
ART burnt work. Illustrated leather, taught
reasonable: orders taken for dinner cards;
any one's art for gale exhibited free. 139
Post st.. room 37. •
I HEREBY notify the public that. I am not
conducting the business at 404 Fifth st. MRS.
C. MILLER.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S39 Polk et.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no«charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket st., room 203; phone South 751. -
SURE cure for -Inflammatory rheumatism:
cures in three days. - Call or address 119S
Folsom St.. San Francisco; tel. Folsom 099.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evfss., Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.'
Oth; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
BED-WETTING- cured,- any age; package of
Pftn-ine. directions and booklet free. Mis-
souri Remedy Co.. Dept. 004, St. Louts, Mo.
WANTED — To know the whereabouts of J. E.
DREW. Address J. KNOOP. 907 Bush St.
GOOD hand at phampooing and massage will
call at residence. Address 1000% Hyde st.
ELEGANT holldav gifts at reasonable prices.
Kingsland Art Shop, Haight and Devisadero.
MASSEUSE wishes - engagements with ladles
only. Phone Capp 623S.
Bon ilarche Pants. Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellle. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds, watches.Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A.-A.'JUtter, 237 Kearay.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co., merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. * Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 G/); dresa pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.' Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec.
trie needle. Mrs. & Mies Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., oppoalte Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence)
1021% Market et., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention patB to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD, skin - and - rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases Of the human body; for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at (>67 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO-.CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington, at.
DR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74C-S Clay st.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage, paid. . _•-
PROPERTY WA-NTED.
PROPERTY wanted by. nurserymen; 5 to 15
acres; ranch to. lease, near Oakland. Box
8S2. Call offlce. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT the Knickerbocker, apartments, 1340. Pine
St.. near Hyde; apartments all taken'; call
and leave orders for reserves.
BIRCH ave., 615 — $8; 3 nlco unfurnished
rooms for. housekeeping. 642 Grove at.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—1 front parlor beautifully
furnished with bedroom and kitchen to party'
who will answer, doorbell half price. ,
FIRST, 230, near • Howard— 4 or 5 housekeep-
ing rooms; central location; rent low.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running .water; gas; reasonable:
GOLDEN GATE ave.; 372 — Furnished, 2 lovely,
front, sunny - connecting rooms; gas range;
. private. ' '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny parlor suite
8 rooms, completely furnished;- gas range;
bath and laundry.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 640, cor. Franklin— Sun-
ny front and side rooms with kitchens, run-
nlng water, gas ranges. ;
JESSE, 463%, near Sixth — Front and back par-
lors, together or separate, with use of kltch- j
en; references. ¦-, * ... ¦.
KRARNY. 104— Newly tinted aunny unfur.
front suite & kl£chen;coal range:no children.
LEAVENWORTH, 515 — 2 or- 3 completely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; adults. ¦
NINTH. 157 — 2 front rooms for housekeeping.
POLK, 1020. near Oeary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooma; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1400— Large aunny furnlehed
- housekeeping aulte; running .water; gas
stoves. .. ¦ . . ; . ..,, ¦'.. .
SEVENTH, 178 — Largo, nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; stationary tubs; large yard.
SEVENTH, 191 — • Nice, aunny housekeeping
rooms. ¦ ¦ " - '"•*•• •¦¦--' *
TENTH. 149 — One- furnished cozy • housekeep-
ing; gas stove, etc; bathroom; private. :
THREE sunny rooms for housekeeping; all
¦ conveniences. Box 8243, Call offlce. .
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolore3— Bay--
window rooms; nice; neat;" complete.
VAN NESS ave., 70&*-Two sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $25.
"¦ / APARTMENT HOTTSES. \
A— THE WILLARDV; V
Turk et., nr. Gough; 2, 3, 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished. ..with private baths and mod-
' ern : conveniences; open for inspection 1 to 4,
• also 912 Pine st. ; phone Red 543<}.' -. •
HELP WANTED — MALE. — Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. C31-G36 Clay St.
Phone Main 5848. •
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.Open To-day (Sunday). S a. m. to 12 m.
1!H2 We Gave i»03 We'll Give
45, WX) Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT. .
• LOOK.
Assistant marker, laundry, fare $1, $60.
German or Scandinavian cook and wife, ho-
tel, $50 and found.
Carnage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
DON'T FORGET— $3.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PRESCOTT
Steady Jobs; 2 years. BIG WAGES.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools found.
NEW R. R. WORK.
155 Italians or Portuguese, $60.
155 Greeks or Spaniards, $00.
1S5 Austrlans or, Mexicans, $60. >
LOOK.
BUTCHER.
-Peddle wagon, etc., fare $1; $10 found. '
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, factory, fare $1 50, $3 50 day.
2 rough carpenters, city, $3 day.
Blacksmith's helper, fare $1. fi: day.
ENGINEERS.
2 hoist engineers, mine, $90.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer, laundry, south, $15 week.
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Sexton, young or middle-aged man. $25 fd.
MINERS. MACHINE MEN.
5 miner*, 6peoiu!good mine, $90.
MAN AND WIFE. LUMBER CO.
Man labor, wife waitress, $25 month wife,
man $2 day.
John Cavanaugh, formerly stableman at San
, Mateo.
Waiter, coffee house» $10 50; waiter $11 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-030 Clay st.
1
WANTED— Right now. a promoter with strong
financial connections; no ding-dong nor peek-
a-boo man need apply; references. Box
3242. Call offlce.
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nical knowledge, but active, all-round hus-
tler; established, well-rated house. F. R.
JENNINGS, sales manager. Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — A nrst-class salesrnan for extracts,
essential oils, etc.; must be familiar with the
baker, bottling and confectionery trade. Eng- 1
Skell Phaxmacal Co., 17 Fremont st.
WANTED — A young man for offlce work; one
accustomed to working In sales department. ,
Apply 9 a. m. Monday; permnncnt position.
I. MAONIN & CO.. 4:: Ellis St.
SALESMAN by prominent manufacturing con-
cern: salary and commission; solid future to
hustler. OTTOMAN CO., CO Vesey St.. N. Y.
WANTED — Men everywhere; good pay; to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs,
etc.: no canvassing. National Adv. Bureau,
Chicago.
EXPERIENCED salesman for California-
Answer, giving references, by letter only, to
JONES-PADDOCK CO.. 28 Fremont St., city.
FIRST-CLASS specialty salesmen to handle
lino on commission for 1904. Barton-Parker
Mfg. Co., Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
SALESMAN for California immediately; capr
able of results: staple line to country mer-
chants. Box t»OK. St. Louis. Mo. 1
WANTED — Experienced traveling salesman for
1304; permanent to rleht party; references
and bond required. Drawer S, Chicago.
WE Dftid one salesman In January $891 com-
mission selling Weir's lead. D. T. Weir
White Lead Co.. St. Louis, Mo.
r '
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, wimples, etc. ; . no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bu., Chicago.
AM desirous of obtaining bright young man
for office work; $10 a week and increase.
Box 3C08. Call.
OFFICE boy In wholesale house; hours 7 to 6;
(rtve age and wages wanted. Box 3529. Call.
'¦ DETECTIVES everywhere, good salary; no
experience. Int'l Detec. Agcy.. Milwaukee.
A MAN wanted to work aH a gardener. Call at
447% Jessie Et.. O. D. WILSON.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, white
American men, 18 to 21 years. Box 2009, Call..
DISHWASHER wanted at 331 Bay et.
WANTED — Good carpenters for store fitting
Monday morning early. 245 Larkln at.
WANTED— Show people of all kinds for canvas
show. Box 3002. Call offlce.
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith and ' helper.
337 'Braunan st. ¦
WANTED — A well borer. Address A. HUN-
TER, 1206 Market at.
GOVERNMENT " positions— More than 13,000
appointments last year; chance* even better
now; examinations In every State; thousands
prepared by the Nat'l Correspondence Insti-
tute, Washington, D. C, the originators of
this work, are now In the service; write for
circular J-l, showing positions, salaries, ex-
aminations, sample questions, etc., to our
Pacific Coast offlce, 027 Market St., S. F.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
last year; free examination paper and cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q,
Western Correspondence University, . San
Francisco.
A THOROUGHLY competent and capable man
to handle sale of town lots In thriving
country town; highest references required.
Box 4826, Call.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED — 8hoe cutters, fitters and bottemers.
Wentworth Shoe and Leather Co., Nineteenth
and Bryant ats.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods packer and
crater. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' • .
WANTED — Youn* men to sell toys. Apply '
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
MEN and women wapted • to learn barber
trade under good teacher. 647 Commercial sV
__ _ _ _
. Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 CO; beet shoes on earth. 11
Third at.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
MEN to l«arn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College, 741 A Howard at. _J
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 26c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d nt».. or 11 Third St.?
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges, 11 3d St., Exam. bid. j
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
•rood character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in a'l parts of the world, on land in our
inland pcsseEfslons and. at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K nt.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation:
cood i-idro-. business knowledge necey^ary.
Koyal Mercantile Co., aulte 19. Columbian bid.
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds? Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. '
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln Reno House- proprietor, has
added 100 new rooma to the Denver House,
, 217 Third at.: 250 roomg; 25c to 50c per night.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is eamebtly requested to write to bis sorrow-
ing mother or come home. - ¦' ¦••-..
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRI8, 40 Ellis et.;14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have eecured pensions.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BulMs, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooma:
free 'bua and baggage to and fram ferry..
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
ALL alzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mlsslcn at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. B63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PALMIS'I'IVY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolb-
gltt; pa.lm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGAARD'S clans In palmistry be-
glns Dec. 1, 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. CIO
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black SCI. •¦
A WEEK'S news for B cenU — The Weekly Call.
. 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
AJPA^TajEOT^HOUSE&^J3OTttaued^
EDDY, 526 — Modern sunny apartments of 2
and 3 rooma.wlth private baths: every con-
venience for housekeeping; splendid location;
reasonable rates. - t
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson «.— Modern 3-4-5
roomf, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS, ~
Corner Pine .' and I Taylor »ta. ; beautiful new
modern apartments: all aunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished: none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
T THE GABLES. "
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences: reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECIL, 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private baths,
steam heat, elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
HADDON HALL.
. .031 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Pntnrn.
A— ~ THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. ¦
AURORA, cornor Second and Folaom sts. — New
houae. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A 6- WINDOW- corner suite, also single; hand-
Bomely furnished; absolutely first-class; sun
all day; flne view; rates to tourists. North-
east corner Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 p*r night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason st., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite. and single rooms with or with-
out prlvate*bath: sun In rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooma, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 Wcok; house open all night.
AT the Pleroont, 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
. rms. ;. elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
A BRIGHT, sunny, well-furnished room. Bex
3243. Call offlce. ,
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1394)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, eingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 100*5, cor. Jones — Two comfortably
furnished' sunny rooms, bath, and .telephone
In house.
BUSH. 1833. nr. Franklin (phone Larkln < 2S30)—
Handsomely furnished, sunny rooms, en suite
or single; new modern flat. '
BUSH, 2284—2 sunny upper clean unfurnished
rooms; gas: rent $10 10.
CLIFFORD, 204 E11U, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 523— Nicely furnished room to let.
EDDY. 827% — Nicely furnished front room;
piano; grate; reasonable.
ELLIS, ¦ 642— Neatly furnished room . for gen-
tleman In private family. t j,
ELLIOTT PARK. CO, upstairs — A nicely fur-
nlshed room to let. ,
FIFTH ave. South, 1130— Sunny rooms to rent.
FIRST. 359^— Upstairs rooms to let.
FOURTH. 240 — Nic« furnished front room to
let; $1 60 per week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Roojns 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
GREENWICH, 529. above Stockton— Furnished
room in private house.
HARRISON.' 570, Rincon Hill— Rooms with
board and home, comforts; free use of bath:
sewing machine and piano.
H AIGHtT 22S — Suite sunny rooms, also 1 or 2
other rooms; rent $0 'each ;- gas, bath. > •
HAYES. 3S5— 2 furnished front rooms; closet,
gas; upper flat; $14. t
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LAGUNA, 812— Furnished room to let: for gen-
tlemen only.
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN, 81CB— Small, light room, large hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. Oil! — Two furnished rooms with
bath.
MISSION, 1148 — Elegantly furnished front
aulte; slano; Dingle rooms from $1 50 week.
NATOMA, 282%, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
rooma; yard; water; rent $0.
NINTH, 119 (GUleaple)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 50 to $2 50 per week; 50o to 75c per night.
PINE. 837 — Furnished room to let.
POLK. 823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
for the money; single or en suite; every-
thing: new and plenty of sunshine; terms
very reasonable: only 10 minutes' walk to
Powell and Market ats. '¦
POST, 11W — Furnished room In private family:
suitable for light housekeeping If desired; all
convenier ces. , . • '
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentlat; also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House. 126 EUla— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooma per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SIXTH, 214— Furnished sunny room to let.
SIXTH, 328 — Newly furnished front, and back
parlor.* en, suite or single; double bed; grate.
STEVENSON. 797%. near Ninth — Nicely fur-
nlahed single rooms; from $4 lo $5. '
SUMNER, 22^ — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
cheap.
BUTTER,"' 236 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; aulte or single; $10 up.
TAYLOR, 524, cor. Post — Nice corner suite,
both front rooms: *lectric lights; hot and
cold water, baths and grate; suitable for. 3
or 4 gentlemen. .
THE FREMONT, 1804 MARKET ST.— Strictly
flrst-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. O. H. Ulberg, Prop.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy,«near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water, in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
enlte.9 and single rooms; all conveniences.
WASHINGTON, 1402^ — Nice, sunny, furnished
room; private family; with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooma;
3Bc to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; . elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 320 — Large. front aunny bay-
window room; reasonable.
VAN~NESS ave., 1000— Well furnished Bunny
rooms; running water, hot and cold.' - '
2 ROOMS to let, furnished; reasonable.' Ad-
dress box 482S, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan dc Church ate.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce. for Call advertisements and
mibscrlptlona, has been established at 1090
Valencia at. . .
A— HOTEL BALTIMORE, >
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER A ZEBEflO. PROPRIETORS.
A — HOTEL HATTON — - —
8 E. COR. PINE AND TATLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated hi the city's ewellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences: , will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be made on premises dally.
A MAGNIFICENTLY appointed home for one
or two couples; house is new and beautifully
finished; has hardwood floors, billiard room,
private batha, everything for comfort; . rates
reasonable to the right parties; references
required. Ad reps box 3574. ' Call of flee. ~
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN, HOTEL. 1704 Market at.— A
strictly flrst-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A' THE DRESDEN ¦ ' ~
SKLECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
¦ FULTON.BET. CRODERICK'AND BAKER.
A — THE Atherton, 1601 Octavla, cor. Bush —
Nice sunny rooms, new fumifire. private
baths, large grounds;, flrst-class table.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and. Van Ness
ave/, has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
FLATS FOR SALE— KLli.MS HEP. _
FOR nale — Big bargain: 7 rooms, well fur-
nished; Sat: and Sun. after 10,. S07 .Van
Ness a\*e.; several rented.
¦ 619 DIAMOND— Flat of 3 sunny furnished
rooms; hot and cold water. -
_ FINANCIAL.
A — 150,000 CAPITAL — One of the best is now I
open for an energetic, safe business man or |
men, same to act as treasurer and secretary
and vice president for the manufacturing of
a machine for the St. Louis L. P. Exposition.
1904; product a fast-growing business 10 to 1
as made at the oreeent time and now as 40
years past — by the ton; the Inventor has had
30 years' experience in the business as su-
perintendent and five years at the trade;
money to be. paid In cash 110.000. $0000 stock
for sale: $01,000 held by president and man-
ager and inventor. For further information
call at GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO., 027
Market et.. suit 321. a. in., and 142, 144
First st.. p. rn., office of construction; "A. C.
M. Co.," Inventor.
DON'T INVEST
Until you get our list of stocks paying divi-
dends or with assured earning*. . We handle
mining, oil, industrial, bank and loan com-
pany shares.
If you have any stock for sale send us your
list and prices. We have the buyers. If you
are in the market to buy, write or wire for
j cur quotations.
WATT & COWPERTHWAITE, Bankers
wd Brokers. Stockton.
A— 5" PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation cr gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
i business enterprise In San Francisco: cleared
%tfi,iiO0 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20.COO to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars. . •
? GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
WE have gllt-rdge first mortgages for sale in
amounts $+00 to $10,000. netting 6 per cent
Interest: payment of principal and Interest
i guaranteed. FULLER & FR1ERSON,
1C0S Eighth st.. Oakland.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
nanclal Acent. 322 Emma SprcckMs bMg.
rUnXlTlKE WANTED.
A— Highest price paid for fur..carpets. etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIOHFST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H. |
BURP. auctIoneer,1818Mkt.;tel.Ho%vard 2758.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buy?, rent*, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP A\ ANTED— FEMALE.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
233 Geary 6t.,-Room 36.
Housework, lady. 5 grown children, city.. $30
Chambermaid and watt, hotel, city $25
3 wa:tre.«ses, private hotel, city $25
Housework, 2 In family, city , »30
Housework, 5 in family, city $3<> ;
Housework. 2 in family, plain cooking, no .
company, no lunch, nice room, very little
washing. Menlo Park, party here $20
Housework, city, no washing, 4 family. ...$30
Housework, city, 2 in family, email flat.. $25
Housework, city, no washing. 4 family... .*25
Second and wait, city *23
Second and wait, city $30
Fecond and wait. Van Ness ave $25 to $W ;
Feoond end waft. California fit $30
Parlor maid and watt, city $30
Nurse, young; for 18 months baby, splendid
home, must have city references $20-
A LAUNDRESS for 3 in family, $30; a maid
and seamstress for lady living at hotel,- $25;
a c-jpable waitress aad parlor maid for 2 in
family. $2T>; a French nursery Roverness. $30:
a nurse for jtrown children. $23; a German
nurse for 3 children. $30; a general house-
work girl. 3 in family, $30; a working house-
keeper for small family, city, tio; French
nurse for Southern California. $25; 50 house-
work girls for city and country, wages $20
and $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at.,
j near Powell. ' '
A — WANTED — Operators on ladies' underwear.
6.VS Mission St., third floor.
A — WANTED — Operators on ladles' wash
waltts. K>C Mission et., third floor.
A — WANTED — Operators on ¦ ladiea' summer
skirts. CDU Mission St.. third floor.
WANTED— A lady to travel for an old estab-
lifheJ house of tolid financial standing; good
salary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
vanced: pleasant work: new line; good refer-
- ences and security required. Address box 271,
tacrair.cn to. Cal.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
rtions 10 fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed a: fl'j t«r week, up; leading school in
Wept. 233 G«ary -st...roam IS.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son ; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
ralesladies. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade: menicurinK, massage,- etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; position* secured
at highest weges; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECE8SARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES, $S to $15 weekly, plain sewing at
home; no experience: material free. Address
stamped envelope for particulars WEBER
MANUFACTURING CO., 1133 Broadway,
New York.
WANTED — A cook for a private family; 3 miles
from San Rarael ; a good home for. the right
party. Call Monday at 325 Front Et., San
Francisco.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma.
tertalF; pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send «tampe.d
envelope to ROYAL CO.. 34 East Monroe at.,
Chicago.
LADIES — Profitable, steady home work; $9 to
$15 weekly; material free; no canvassing.
Address burety Co., Chicago. -
A LADY free from home cares can secure
permanent position . by addressing imme-
diately Box 3553, Call office.
GIRL, light housework'' 407 Taylor at.
LADY acent: refined employment; money every
day. Monday. 10 to 12 o'clock. 41 Third St.
UPSTAIRS girl for American family. $20; city
references. 1717 Broadway, near Franklin.
WANTED— Apprentices . en millinery at 138
Geary st.
WANTEIJ — Girl with references to attend laun-
dry office. Apply Monday, 9 a. m., 23 Powell.
WANTED— Girl for light housework at 5
Fourth et.
WANTED— Two lady compositors, 11.
FRENCH, 14.1-147 Phelan building.
GIRL for housework and assist In atore. Ameri-
can Bakery. <537 Broadway.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking. 185 Cen-
tral ave.
YOUNQ woman, general housework. 9 a. m to
> p. m.; $3 50 week. 710 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Show people of all klnda for canvas
enow. Box 3C02. Call office. . cttuVB *
WANTED — Girl to work In tailor ehop. 8S3
Halght et.
GIRL for general housework. plain cook
(adults): wage* $20. 3S30 Sacramento st.
GIRL wanted in - candy atore. MASON'S
candy store, Berkeley.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
A YOUNG girt to learn dressmaking at MRS.
NELSON'S. 1017 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced wrappers. Apply bet.
» and 10 a, m.. I. MAGNIN &. Co.. 43-53
Ellis at.
A GOOD woman wanted to take care of baby
1 year old; good borne for the right party;
state age; reference, and salary expected.
Apply box 4818. Call offlce. ¦
PIANO player for aaloon. 609 Kearqy •*.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett,- Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office. of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until lip, m. ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
020 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
Coal miners. New Mexico. ¦-.^>-
Coal miners. $1 ton, Oregon.
Chlco, Butte Co., half fare, ship Monday. 20
2 and 4 horse teamsters, $2 25 and $2 SO
day; 5 tunnelmen, very cheap fare, $80 fd. ;
man and wife, private place, city; black-
smith's helper,-, country rhop. $9 week; ap-
prentice boy, blacksmith shop. country;
cook, carpenters. 3 farmers; solicitors, city.
ofCce open to-day. 10 to 12 a. m.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. .
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. M Third at.
2 men and their wives for lumber camp, wife
to wait at table; $30 a month, t
FREE FARE. OREGON. FREE FARE.
4 coal miners. 0 ft: vein, $1 per ton.' •>
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, R. 12.
Head cook. $70; • elevator man, $35.. Op^n
Sunday from 9 a. m. to 12 m.
CJTY. ralesman for merchant tailoring trade,
aide line: liberal commission. Box 3544. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD— Continued.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location in
modern.- elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view. -
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished prtvata home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
FAMILY boarding-house. 1070 Valencia: flrstT
class board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate. -•¦¦¦¦
PINE. 777 — Pleasant rooms; good board; bath,
piano., phone; home comforts: young ladies
and gentlemen; <4. $3..$6 peryweek..
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rro«:
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. SOS— Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family; $0 per week.
ROOMS. AND BOARD WANTED.
I DESIRE, for self and wife, two sunny rooms,
with good home cooking. In strictly prlvato
family near Park or west of Market st. Box
4S03. Call office. .
YOUNG couple desire permanent- board in prt-
vato family; reas. terms; refs. 3578. CalL
RCOMtf WASTED.
ONE large or 2 small unfurnished rooms for
old lady: must be permanent and reasonable.
Box 3367. Call office. ¦ - '
ROOM bet. 4th and 10th sts., on Mlaaton. by
single, temperate man; unftr. Box 3150. Call.
SEWIXG 3JAC1UXES .AND SUPPLIES
A "WHITK" Christmas can be had without
enow. Have you seen, our latest White
' Sewing Machine? Automatic lift, chaln-
stltch. lockstitch and hemstitch combina-
tion; we rent or sell on easy payments; w»
'want sewing machine men; come and have
a talk with us; -phone Black 1106 300 Post
st.; 1S41 Flllmore st. and 708 Valencia st..
S F. ' or phone Brush &S1. 470 13th St..
Oakland. WHITE SEWING MACHINES CO.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. |l(t,,$20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME 5. M. CO.. 10M Market at.
storage: and avauehouses.
A — EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell eta.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12S.
GOLDEN "West St&raice: advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuaa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cora-
j pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2a 1.
iv^KINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL AUVEUTISEMKSTS.
EXTENSION OF PROTEST— CAPTAIN O.
SPRENGEI* master of the German schooner
Neptun (R. K. 8. M.) will extend his protest
on Wednesday, December 23, 1003, at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the office of the Imperial
German consulate in this city. 31S Sacra-
mento St.. San Francisco, December 18. 1903.
A. ROSENTHAL, Imperial German 'Consul
General.
X HAVE sold by butcher shop. 323 Broadway,
to A. Simi & Co.. and will not be responsible
for any bills contracted after this date. A.
DELVECCH1O.
MARRIAGE MCEXSESL
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Everett L. White, 21. 020 Howard street,
and Louisa A. Langdon, IS, 029 Howard street.
Edward E. Callteux, 27, 314 Barrows atreet.
and Alice Grimm, 20, 409 Felton atreet.
Oeorgo Chasseray, 24, 019 Clay atreet, and
Bertha Gable, 22. »19 Clay street.
Allan D. Risley. 2S. 195A Market street, and
Eleanor Bayles. 32. 71 Waller street.
Thaddeun Johnnon, 44.- Walnut Creek, and
Abble M. Webb, 18. Walnut Creek. . .
Louis Lesser. .'u\ 1733 Laguna street, and
Jennie Sena, 21. 682 McAllister streft.
Anton A; Robrcc»<et JrU S3, 820 Pacific
street, and Blanche Bijrue, ?0. 82S Pacific st.
Peter Dilena. 25,' 1032 Kearny street, and
Cora Dilena, S5, 1032 Kearny street.
Henry A. Kala. '21, -5S8 Capp rtreet. and
Gertrude Lindstrom. IS. 3JM7 Twenty-third st.
William Rose. 30. 800- Kearny street, and
Josephine Stembler. 27, San Joae.
Clarence L. Collins, 24, 74 Shotwell street,
and Emma C. Muenter. 24, 140 Juniper atreet.
Frank, J. White, 30, 783*4 Market atreet. and
Louise J. Heldorn. 21. city. -
Joseph McGrttre. 35. Seattle, Wash..' and
Mary E. Walsh. 2tf. «10V4 Octavla street. 1
Edward Palmer. 21. 44>19 Ftrtsom street, and
Alice KemD, 21, London. Encland. r • ,
George M. Plato, 33, 45 Lafayette street, and
Janet White. 22, 9 Lanirton street.
Loujn Welsrfcrber, 31, 10O4 Anderson atreet,
and Ella R. Eager. 29, 34% Clementina street.
John J. Nylund, 25, 2320 ¦' Twenty-thifd
street, and Lena "J. Brandt, 22. 2320 'Twenty
third stnftit. . • "
BIMHS^MAIIRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, ' marriage arid death notices aent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized ' to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. ¦ ¦ - • "
BORX.
BOSTRO1T— In this city, December 18, 1908. to
the wife of Charles A. Bostrom. a daughter.
COREY— In this city. December 11. 1003. to
the wife of Charles E. Corey, a daughter.
DOLAN — In this city. December 15. 1903. to
the wife of John C. Dolan, a eon.
FRICK — In this city, December 10, 1003, to
the wife of Ernest Frlck, a son.
GREENE— In this city, December 16. 1903, to
the wife- of William Greene, a daughter.
HALLERAN— In thia'city, December 16, 1908,
to the wife of M. J. Halleran. a daughter.
HANSEN — In thta city, December 13, 1908, to
the wife of Niels L. Hansen, a daughter.
O'HARE — In this city. December 16, l«03. to
the wife of Hugh O'Hare. a daughter.
SCHRAUBSTADTER— In thla <tty. December
13, 1903. to the wife of Ernst O. Schraub-
etadter, a daughter.
SCHULTZ— In this city. December 9, 1900. to
the wife of Fred J. Schultz. a eon.
SINNOTT— In this city, December 1«. 1903. to
the wife of William A. Sinnott. a daughter.
MARRIED.
CLINE— HUBSEY— In thla city, December IT,
1003, by the Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide,
Thomas F. Cline xad Katherlne Manning
' Husdey, both of San Francisco. •
LENOX— THOMSON— In thla city; December
16. 1903^, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son. * pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church. Clarence Rice Lenox of Oakland and
Viola Mae Thomson of San Francisco.
MORCHIO— DENNIS— In this City, ' December
1«, X903. bv the Rev. Edwin F. Brown,
Frank Morchio and Elizabeth A. Dennis,
. both of San Francisco. '
PRYOR— SMITH— In this city, November 19.
1903. by Elder J. W. Gilbert. Charles A.
Pryor of Oklahoma and Etnalee Smith of
San Francisco.
_____ _______„
Brenzel, Edna L. Jonea, George W.
Bridges. Francis E. Leeds, Eliza J.
Brocklnton, Henry . Lowenthal; Louis*
Bucholtz. Gertrude Lyons. Patrick J.
Cherry. John • Montgomery, Mm P.
Clemments. Cella Olsen. Nellie
Debiolles, | George* Reardon, Maggio '
Dixon, Clement Richter. Martin
Ellis. Josephine M.' BcraffOrd. Mary H.
Fagan, Florence R. Sheehan. Emma
Fallon, Mary Smith, Joseph
Fett. William E. Stein. Martin .
Gtsson. Pierre gundquist. Mrs. M.
Greely. Nora Victors, Albert
Heak-y. Charles S. Williams. Enoch F.
Holt^Helen Woods. William
BRENZEL— In thla city, December 18, 1903.
Edna Luceil, beloved wife Of Joseph Brensel.
a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years l»
months and 2U days.
C7Funeral services will ho held to-day,
December 20, at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of
N. Gray & Co.. 253 Sutter atreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
BRIDGES — In Alameda. December IS. 1903,
Francis Eastman Bridge*, husband of Har-
riet Wilson - Bridges, son of Francis and
Mary Bridges, and father of Francis Wilson
and- Edith Harriet Bridges, aged 32 years.
ESTFrlenda and I acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral services to-day, at 2
o'clock, at' his late residence. 2100 Pacific
- avenue, Alameda. Interment private.
HENRY J. CALL ACKER CO.
(Succs.iors to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
•20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmera.- — — —
Formerly" in Metropolitan Temple,.- .•
Now at 8«J( MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st>
Fln»n KauiDir.enta at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. •"' Henry Hansan.
JAMES MoGINM £ CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Director* and Embalmera.——
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South STtt. .
V. J. MONAHAN, Manager. Tel. Mission -L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
•j;^'J-23ll Mlction St.. rear Nineteenth.
San Franciico.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE. ,
COOK, .zaod meat and pastry, wants position.
Address Cook. Allendale J'. O., Alameda Co. ;
VTjaSTBO — A job at coj'yin?. indexing or cat-
aloguing. Box SoCl. Call office. <
BOY wants work en Saturday. Box 3560, Call \
office.
WOULD like a permanent position la capacity
o"~clerk; can give best of references; former-
ly assistant purchasing agent for large East-
ern nacKlng company. Bex 4890. Call.
WANTED — A young man wishes situation as
bookkeeper; can furnish references. 810
E:cventh Kt.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED boy cf IS w^uld like a posi-
tion as wagon driver: Unow* streets well.
Address W. R..' 1314 Jackson at. h
YOfNG rr.an not afraid of work; 4 years' ex-
perience as Kioetqr clerk, with good recom-
meadatloi.9. licx 4*y2, Call.
WANTED— P^bltion &* foreman or manager
of ranch; 10 years In last place. W. S. M.,
box 4&24. Call office.
WANT ocslticn in butter or cheese factory;
13 yean-' exrwrience in New York State.
Addiws box 4SSS. Call.
SITUATION by experienced traveling sales- I
m«n; ?15<n« and expenses first vear. Box |
3573. Call office. " ,
A FIRST-CLASS French and German cook:
private, toardire -bouse; very good references.
605 Ellis at., rear.
A l'OFITION to take order* and collect: best i
of references and bond furnished. Address
hex 4S.J0. Call office. '
AN exi«-rt rex-alrer and regulator on plants, j
30 years' experience, will take a few Jobs.
Box 3570. Call office.
MAN war.tF pofltlon a» choreman on ranch or
private family; sober, reliable. C. S.. box
:t571. Call office.
TOUNG man wishes p^wltion as traveling \
salesman for dry goods store. Box 3364,
Call office.
POSITION in wholesale house as porter; good
workman: referen<-ef; ape 3S years. Address
I. G. FARLEY. 570 Harrison et.
CARPENTER want* work: contract work pre-
ferred. Address F. ARNOLD. 733 Vermont
«., city.
FIRST-CLASS Northern barber want* first-
class Job: state wacea. Addrets E. S., box
4M6, Call.
6TEAM fitter wishes a position. Address box
8300, '¦*.;; office.
YOUNG man withe* situation. Box 3538.
Call offlo.
ELEVATOR oi-erator wants Job. RAY. Win-
chester Hotel.
A POSITION as night clerk, hotel. Night
Clerk. 44 Third st.
AN elderly man wants a position as watch-
man or Janitor.
GARDENER wajits position, unmarried; age
34. Box 3540, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position aa porter, hotel
or restaurant. I. PPEL.LMAN. 629 Clay et.
A YOUNG man would like a position aa bed-
maktx. Box 3Sti8. OiII office.
UNION rlumber wants steady work. Address
2<-5 Langtoji «t.
A f-MALL boy of 16 wants work cf any kind.
Call 13 Welsh tt.
WAITER would like lunch and dinner Job.
Address 3J?C Folsom st.
MAN — General work, private place. f>5O Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes a prritlon in r*-s-
tauract, cafe or lunchhouse. Box 3.147. Call.
BARTENDER wants position; best of refer-
ences; quick mixer. Call 1M Lexington ave.
SHEET ir.m and metal worker. go«d Jobber.
wsntf steady position: SIS. Box :;.'.2R, Call.
A YOUNG carpenter wants work for some
company. Box 18. 100S Market at.
YOUNG nar; wishes situation in bathhouse.
Addrt-H. lex 3241. Call office.
WANTED — IV.sitirn by respectable man aa
nipht clerk or bnrkeeper. Box 4815. Call.
WANTED — A position as nipht cashier; refer-
ences given, n^x 4831. Call office.
A POSITION wanted; easy work. Box 4S30,
CaU oiftc*.
BOY would like to lrarn trad" at $4 to start.
DANIEL NELSON. 447 First St.
FIRPT-CLAFS electrician with eome technical
trs^liing and 9 years' experience In electric
light and r<->wer plar.t caJternatlng and direct)
and all repairs, desires position In city or
cwntry: letter* of recommendation. Box
4fcJ7. Call office.
BARBER desires a position for evenings and
Saturday <Sun.). 1410 Larkin 6C. nr. Califor-
nia. Call before 9 a. m. and after 4 p. m. ex-
cept £un.
CAJtPENTER, work direct from owners, f3
day or cjotract, by reliable carpenter; get
n-.j- address. Box 4S21, Call.
FIRST and second cock wish positions in min-
ing boarding-house or camps. 312 Jessie tt.
A NEAT, reliable Japanese would like a posi-
tion aa echoclboy; speaks good English; thor-
ouchly understands housework and cooking.
WADA. 3410 Pine st.
JAPANESE h!rh school student wants position
es schoolboy; $2 per week. Address by letter
or call on H. 5JOTO. 807 Polk et.
JAPANESE boy wants a position: housework;
plain cook. J. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght at.,
K. IMAI.
TOt'NG Chinaman wishes position as cook.
AH EING. 021 Dupor.t St.
JAPANESE bey wants a position as echool-
boy. MOROWOKA. Nako Hotel. 509 Bush.
BRIGHT Japanese b^y wants a situation aa
eohoolbcy. Box 4825. Call.
¦_ EIPERT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S OLAESES~are far su^
periar to all others for reading, working or
distance, weak eyes, poor sight, headache,
dlrztnesa, nervousness, cloudiness of vUlon,
floating spots, rein In or about the eyes, be-
hind the head or in the temples, sore or In-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery. Itching, smart-
ing, twltchine, scratching eves, crocs eyes,
gluey, crusty cr heavy eyelids and many
oth*r eye troubles. Mayerle'e jrlasces are
used by the blgbert United Statee army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educator*, doctors, lawyers and
rnen who appreciate th» soothing and strength-
ening effect of these glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xmaa elft: nent by express ; can be
tried before caylng eharcer; German eye-
water. ROc. by real! «2c. GEORGE MAY-
EKLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 1071
Mark«t et.
FACIAL MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: Me. M. LTJTON. mani-
curing parlors. 7C4 Larkln St.: phone Polk 17.
FLATS TO LET\ ~~
A— HOUSES end Cats to let; aa Immense list;
cervlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department ; It wUI save you time and
trcsble. Cordes Furniture CO.. 243-2C0 Oeary
*t.. vd tbe (Quar*.
' FLAT to let. $27 50 per month ; new up-to-
date 1332 Hayes et., near Devisadero; 6
rine room* and bath.
818 :*r month — Flat, 5 rooms and bath;
nearly new, flrst-class order. Guerrero st.
and Han Jcs? &%e., opp, 26th st.
RIVERS BROS..
205 Montgomery street.
FINE upper fist. 14C5 McAllister, near Pi«rce;
7 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. G. H.
VMBSEN Sc CO., 20 Montgomery et.
ELEGANT new modern upper fiat of 7 rooma
and bath; rent reasonable; 1128 Mat>onic
ave.. near Halght «t. G. H. UMBSEN A- I
CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
ALL of thi moct desirable rat* and bouses are
listed In our renting department; let us give
j cu a list and heip you cod one In the loca-
tion you want. 6TERUNO BJURN1TURB
COMPANT, 1039 Market at.; cerricts abao-
lnte!y free. |
ELLIS. 411. near Jones — Modern flat of four
room« »nd bath: rent $10. VON RHEIN
R. F. CO.. M3 California gt. r_
GP.EEN. 1S72— New sunny flats, 7 rooms;
rents ?40.
FLAT to let — 7 rooms and bath: modern; water
free. Inquire Sl.'.j Clipper st.
MASONIC ave.. 1317 — Elegant sunny upper
flat; 7 rooms and bath; near park.
MCALLISTER. 10C3. near park— Bunny lower
fist, ;; rooms: rr-nt $11. ',
FRENCH i'Jit S room* and bath. 347 Hick-
ory ave.. brtwern Octax'la and Laxuna sta.
TWO sur.rsy flats. 6 and 7 rooms, lion Halrht j
at., corner Lyon. opposite I> *£ k _2 Ii !i: ¦
MODERN flat; 9 rooms and bath; hall and j
parlor frescoed. 032 Eddy st.
TO id — \> r y choice mlddJe flat. 2SC3 Wash-
I Jzwrton tX.. l*>tween Scott and Devisadero.
~ — -1
$2O— 5 ROOMS hath: CIO Lacuna St.. n«-«r
Hayes. $!.*>—•; rooms, hath: 1S2 Julian ave.
FLATS FOR SALE.
FOR «ale— New flat of 6 end 7 rooms; anap If
purcbaesd soon. Apply 22il Union «t.
BROCKINTON— In this city. December 1*.
1003. Henry W. Brocklnton, a native of
South Carolina, aged 28 years 3 months and
12 days. * -•. , • ¦ . . .
BUCHOLTZ— In thla city,' December IS. 1903.
Gertrude, beloved wife of Oscar Buchotts.
mother of William S. and Gertrude Uucholtz.
eister of Frank and Robert Lord, and daugh-
ter of Thomas Lord, a native of England,
aged 29 years 9 months and 4 days.
¦ E7Frtends> and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend thi funeral to-morrow :
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence. 1432 Devisadero street, and thence
to St. Dominic's Church, Stelner street, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
CHERRY— In this city. December IS. 1903.
John, beloved husband of Annie Ch°rry. and
brother of Mrs. John Ccnmy of San Jcae.
CaL, a native of Ireland, aged T'J years .8
months and 5 days.
E7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at J2:1.1 o'clock, from his law
residence. 12S Bank street. Bernal Heights,
thence to St. John the Evangelist Church
for service*. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at St. John the
Evangelist Church.
CLEMMENTS— In thla city. December IS. 1903.
Celia. beloved wife of Charles Clemments.
mother of Richard Clemment*. daughter of
Mary and the late Richard Doherty. and sis-
ter of Mrs. R. Oliver and Sarah and Richard
Doherty and the late Mrs. L. J. Adams, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
9 months.
t7Fr!end» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:1S o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, lift Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 12:45 o'clock. Inter-
ment Uoiy Cross Cemetery.
DEBIOLLES— In this city, December 19. 1903.
Georges, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Marguerite Debiollee, loving brother of
Louise Debiolles. and (rrandchtld of Mrs. R.
Dupont. a native of California, aged 1 year
7 months and 29 days.
C7Fnend0 and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, December 21. li>03, at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of his parents. 713 Vatlejo
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
DIXON— In San Mateo. Decemb-r 19. 1903.
Clement Dlxon. beloved husband of Boewell
TMxnn. and father of Lizzie B. Dlxon. a na-
tive of England, aged 77 years and S
months.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral aervicea
Monday. December 21. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence, C street. San Mateo. In-
terment strictly private, and please omit
flowers by special request.
ELLIS— In this city, December 19. 1903. Jo-
sephine Marararet Ellis, beloved wtfe of
Thomas W. Ellis, and lovtng daughter of
Jamea and Kathertne Kelly, a native of
Chicago, lit., aged 44 years 9 months and
4 days. (Chicago papers please copy.) • .
C7Fr1end3> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funiral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Port«r & White. 423 Golden Oate ave-
nue, between Larkln and Polk street*. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriages.
FAOAN— In thla city. December 17. 1903.
Florence R.. beloved daughter of James and
Mary E. Facan, sister of Grace and Jamea
Fagan Jr.. and granddaughter of Kate and
the late John Fegan. a native of California,
aged 10 years 1 month and 7 days.
C7Frienu9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:3O o'clock, from the family
residence. 2496 Howard atreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FALLON— In t>»U city, December 18. 1903,
Mary, beloved wife, of the late Edward D.
Fallon. and mother of William J. and Ed-
ward D. Fallon. a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged C3 years. ¦ '
E7Funeral private Sunday, at 12:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 539 8an
Bruno avenue, corner of Eighteenth street,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church tor
services.
FETT— In this city. December IS. 1903. Wil-
liam E. Fett. dearly beloved husband of
Theresa Stein Fett. father of Marion ajid
Baby Fett. beloved son of Charlea and Llna
Fett. and brother of Mrs. A. Wed%rmeyer
and Carl H.. Lena and Tlllie Fett. a native
of California, aged 31 years 5 months and
19 days. A member of National Parlor No.
118. N. S. G. W. ; Old Friends' Grove, U. A.
O. D. : the San Francisco Schuetzen Veretn.
and San Francisco Aerie No. 5. F. O. E.
IC7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 20, at 11 o'clock, from Native
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Fell and Flll-
more streets, for services. Funeral under
the auspices of National Parlor No. 118, N.
S. G W. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Remains at his late residence. 66 Webster
street.
OLD FRIENDS Grove No. 130. U. A. O. D.—
Members • will . meet at the grove at 10
o'clock to attend the funeral of our late
brother. W. E. Fett. Error in time on postal
aent out. M. A. MURPHY. N. A.
S. M. DARRAH. Secretary.
GISSON— In thla city. December 17. 1003.
Pierre Glsson, a native of France, aged 67
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-tlay
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall. wh<jre
services will be held under the ausolces of
the Relief Committee. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GREELY— In this city, December 17, 1903.
Nora, wtfe of the late John Greely. lovias
mother of James T. Mooney and Mrs. James
F. Eagen. and dearly beloved sister of
Thomas and James Tlemey, a native oC
KUlinedema, County Galway. Ireland, aged
70 years.
CTFrtends and acquaintance* ar« respects
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late real*
dence. 127 Parker avenue, thence to 8tar of
the Sea Church for services. Interment Hoiy
Cross Cemetery.
HEALEY — In this city, December 18. 1903,
Charles Stout Heatey. a native of Canada,
aged tO year* 3 months and 18 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect*
• fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Monday. December 21. 1903. at 2:30 o'clock,
at his late residence, 219 Cole street. In-
terment private.
HOLT— In this city. December 1». 1900. Helen,
beloved daughter of Harry and Freda Holt,
and stater of Fred. Charlee and Clarence
Holt, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 11 months.
JONES— In this city. December 18, 1903.
George W. Jones*, a native of Missouri, aged
70 years.
LEEDS — In this city. December 16. 1903. El!za>
J.. ¦ beloved wife of the late Cantata J. B.
Leeds, and mother of Mrs. H. P. Cole*. Mr*.
Dormer Walsh, Mrs. Milton S. Clark and
Clayton J. Leeds, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 65 years 7 months and 12 daya.
CTTrienda are respectfully lnvltad to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from
th* residence of her daughter. Mrs. H. P.
Coles. 221 Castro street, near Stxteenta. In-
terment private.
LOWENTHAL— In this city. December 19,
1903, Louise, beloved wtfe of Julius Lowen-
thal. mother of Edgar Lowenthal, daughter
Of Mrs T. Monterichard. and slater of Mrs.
A Mangee, Victor Monterichard and Georjw
Bonnefoy, a native of California, aged 23
yearn and 7 month*.
CT Friends and • acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. December 21. 1908. at 1 o'clock, at
her late residence, 024 Sacramento, street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYONS — In this city. December IS, 1903. Pat-
rick J. Lyons, beloved aoa of Agaea and
the lata Patrick Lyons, and brother of,
William and Henry Lyons. Mrs. H. Qulna
and the late Daniel Lyons, a natrte 'of,
Brooklyn. N. Y-, aged 41 years. (New Tora
1 papers please copy.)
CTFriends 1 and acquaintances) are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 •'clock, from the funeral
rarlors of Jamea McMenomey ft Son, 1031
Mission *treet, owxwlt* new postofflce.
thence to Kt. Patrick's Church for aervices
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros*
Cemetery.
MONTGOMERY— In Oakland. December 18.
1003. Mrs. Prudence Montgomery, a nattv;
of New York, aged 72 ytars 5 month» and 7
days.
OLSEN— In this city, December 19, 1908, at
814 Duncan street. Nellie, dearly beloved
wife of John Olsen. sister of Mrs. Flannery.
and niece of John McGrath. a naUve of Ira-
land aged 29 years 4 months and 4 day*.
KyTfltaiB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 21. 190CI. at 9:15 o'clock, from her
late residence. 314 Duncan street, thjnce to
St. Paul's Catholic Church, corner- Twenty-
ninth aid Church atreeta. where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Holy Croa*
, Cemetery, by carriase. «„,-«,
REARDON— In this city. December 18. 1903.
Manic Reardon. beloved mother of Rena,
Timothy John. Edward. Willie. Elizabeth
and the late Thomas and -Mary Reardon.
beloved sister of Dan. Lizzie and Oarrett
McSweeney. Mrs. W. H. Colgan and the late
Edward McSweeney. -and beloved niece of
Garrett Stack and the late Mrs. Kate Mc-
Carthy, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
ared 35 years.
•V^Frlenda ami acquaintances are napect*
fuay invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parl° r a
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph s
Church for aervlces. Interment Holy Ctoss
Cemetery. A solemn requiem mass wni d»
celebrated for the repose of her »oul to-mor-
row (Monday), at St. Joseph's Church, cam-
Contlnned on Paso 56.UNITED RAILROADS OF . SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW; YORK. Dec. 19.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads- of San - Francisco: > 1000 at
$T5(J2»a. ,..,,.
Daughter of the Revolution, Mra. Lu
cinda Valentine, is dead at her home
in Matamoras, Pa., from pneumonia,
at the age of 87- years. She. was a
daughter of Jabez Rockwell, who. was
born October 3, 1761, enlisted in the
American array at the age of 16 years
and served fiver' years under General
.Washington. She leaves one sister,
Mrs. Phoebe Gainford, aged 98 years,
who resided with her. .Another* sis
ter, Mrs. Catherine. Bowden. died at
Matamoras January 6, 1902, at the
age of 89. Up until that date they
had the distinction of being the. only
three living' children of a soldier of
the Revolution.** '.^'l
Daughter of , Revolution Dies.
MEW YORK, Dec. 19.— A real
The Ladies' Guide requests contribu
tions of any," kind for the poor. All
those who have clothing, food or money
can leave the same at the office of the
Guide on Sutter street
Contributions : for Poor.
Columbian Grammar School.
The Columbia Grammar School held
praduatlng exercises last Wednesday.
An excellent programme was rendered.
The honorary graduates were: <
Walter Bllleter. Robert H. McFarland. Iea
bclJ* V. Connolly. Emma F. Pistolesi. George
A. Gallasrher.
Other" graduates were:
Sophfa Uenn. George Sohst. Thomae Mitch
ell. Grorge Mathls. Florence M. Blrgle. Wini
fred M. Wood, Florence C. Deven y. Jeeele S.
C*rl*on.
£«oman me<«al. Inabclle Connolly.
Bridge medal, Georre Gallasber.
Stays Six Rounds With McGovern.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1 9.— -Billy
Willis of this city stayed the limit in
a six-round bout with Terry McGoyern
to-night at the National Athletic Club.
McGovern outfought him "in eVery
round but his blows lacked the. force
and power which formerly character
ized his swings and Jabs. In the sec
ond round he floored Willis with a
righj; swing to thV jaw. and the local
man took the count. He made a bet
ter, showing, in the, last three rounds,
McGovern's inability to finish him evi
dently Increasing his confidence.
W. C. Mills, an ex-soldier, attempted
to murder his wife, Mabel J. Mills, last
night in the Camp Fire Dance Hall, a
notorious Pacific street resort, by-firing
one shot at her from a 22-caliber target
revolver. The bullet missed its mark
and before the murderously inclined
husband could fire a second time he
was seized and placed under arrest by
Patrolmen Holmes and Sskain. .
. Mills was married to the woman
whose life he attempted seven years
ago in Fresno. He left her and enlisted
in the army four years ago and was
discharged last January after return
ing from the Philippines. He has been
persistently annoying the woman since
that time. Last night about 8 o'clock
he visited her in the dance hall, and
demanded that she return to him. This
the woman refused to do and thereupon
Mills declared that she would go with
him or on a stretcher. 5
He repaired to a shooting gallery in
W. C. 31111s, Angered by Woman's Re
fusal to Return to Him, Fires a
Shot at Her. .
Arthur. Dunton Wanted by the Chi
cago Authorities Upon a Charge
of larceny.
" L.pS ANGELES, Dec. 19. — Arthur
Dunton, champion bowler of Southern
California,' is under arrest at Pasadena
on the charge of being wanted in Chi
*cago for. grand larceny, alleged to haye
been • committed in September, 1901.
He -was arrested by Chief of Police
Freeman of th}s city at, the instance of
Officer Reynolds of Pasadena, who rec
ognized him from a. photography that
had been ' sen t ',6u t '.by^theV Chicago ; po- '
"lice at' the time of. his alleged>crime* ¦'*.
Dunton^ will '\ be " held ¦ in "• the Pasa
dena jail until the Chicago authorities
are heard from or until bail can be
furnished by his friends. Dunton has
lately . received considerable notoriety
as £he winner of the high average.- in
the winter bowling tournament here.
PRIZE- WINNING BOWLER
IX JAIL AT PASADENA
ATTEMPTS TO MURDER WIFE
IS" PACIFIC STREET RESORT
the vicinity and borrowed a target
pistol. Returning to the salcon Mills
took aim at his wife and fired one shot-
He was taken to the Hall of Justice
and booked on a charge of assault to
commit murder.
A vested choir of twenty voices will
cing at the 11 o'clock service on Christ
mas day in St. Stephen's Church, on
Fulton street, between Webster and
Fillmore. This is the programme:
Proce«lona!. "O Come. All Te Faithful"
<No. 40— Tune. "Adeete F1<Seles"); anthem
"Arise, Shine" fMaker). with soprano and
tasso *olo» by Mrs. D. R. Ke*» and George
Bird; kyrle. "Gloria Tibl," and Credo In C
iTarns); rermon hymn. "Hark the Herald
Anpela Sing" (No. Zl), tune "Mendelssohn"
offertory, duet for soprano and alto "Noel "
Miss M. E. llnrrty and Mra. R. L. Partinsto'n
"tinraum Ctortla" In C and fiar.ctua In B flat
<Toun0; "Benedlctua qul Venlt" In C flat
'Hall), with soprano eolo by Mn. Florence
Beauford; communion hymn, "Bread of the
World": «icharlstic hymn. "Agnu« Del" i n p
flat (Hall); "Gloria in ExcelelB" In E flat
• Schilling): "Nune Dimlttis" In OCHall)- re
<-*=*Kior.al hymn. "Angela from the Realm* or
Glory (No. CO), tune, "Regent Square."
The Rev. Err.est Bradley Is the rec
tor of this church, and the music will
be directed by Martin Schultz, organist
and choirmaster.
Christmas Music at St. Stephen's.
The field Included Francis J. Carolan,
master of the hounds; R. M. Tobln,
Joe Parrott, J. O. Tobln Jr., Lawrence
McCrcery, Cyril Tobin and J. Lawson.
Jliss Cella Tobln Is In the First
Flight During the Entire
Hunt.
The Ban Mateo County Hunt mem
bers had an exciting ride yesterday aft
ernoon. In which about twelve miles
were covered in a remarkably short
time. It was Ideal weather for follow
ing the drag hounds. The meet was at
Laurel Creek and the scent was laid
through a circuitous route over fences,
ditches, hedges and other obstacles to
Spring Valley, thence across a portion
of the Bowie estate to the Black Hawk
ranch of the Eastons. then doubling
back through the Howard estate, fin
ishing at the latter's stables.
Foremost in the chase and first at the
finish was Miss Celia Tobin, mounted
on a splendid hunter, which kept In the
first flight from start to finish. It was
the first appearance of a fair sports
woman at the hunts this .'season.
Huntsman Jerry Keating at her behest
was careful not to lessen the height of
the fences.
FAIR SPORTSWOMAN' RIDES
WITH SAX 5IATEO HOUXDS
Tfce overflue French bark La Broyere, whtcb.
*ra? reinsured at 45 per cent, arrived yesterflay
«t Pert Los An*e'.e*. 216 <!ay« from the Tyne.
A fhlp thought to be the Brttieh bark Thistle,
which »«> rx>ete4 for reinsurance at 10 per
fnt f<n account of the typhoon through which
the Kenslnrton paE*ed, was sighted at 1 :45
p. m. yesterday off the Farallones. It proved.
however, to J>e the British f.ark Zenlta, from
Fydney. Th« «nher overdue* are quoted ax
fallows: PariP, r/i r#r cent: Ollvebank. 30 per
rent; Alice A. Leight and W. J. Plnie, 10 per
cent.
Overdue Bark Arrives.
Carl Ha^enback of Hamburg, the
•tvell-knowTi wild animal dealer, has
bred a hybrid of the lion and the tlgrer,
which Is now nine months old. It car
ries marks of both parents, and, though
tawny, is faintly barred like the tiger.
A new pheasant has also been pro
duced by him through crossing Central
Asian With European birds. It Is larger,
prettier and stronger In wing than our
partridge. The Duke of Bedford and
Lord Rothschild have acquired some
of his broods. New varieties of deer
have also been obtained from the Per-
Fian fallow and ordinary European
«5«>er. Mrrreover, he is trying to Intro
duce the zebrule, or hybrid horse and
z^bra, into the German army in place
of mules. V>'e know that the zerules
are be'nc tried In the Indian army. —
London Globe.
Hybrid of Lion and Tiger.
Professor Charles H. Gaffe, who has a
laboratory at 618 Sixth street, claims to
have perfected a new method for ex
tracting radium from ore that Is sim
plicity Itself when compared to meth
ods heretofore In vorue. More than
that. Professor Gaere claims that be
and Fred Post, electrician, have Invent
ed a battery that will revolutionize the
; construction of motors and etartle the
•world with Its astounding power com
- pressed Into a remarkably small com
¦ pass. Its construction resembles that
. of the> crdinary Cry electric battery to
' a great extent, bet It Is bo email that It
'can easily be contained In an ordinary
' else vial and carried In the vest pocket.
Pago clalrpw that one of these batter
'.les, not exceeding In size a child's fln
'• ger, will produce sufficient force to
.knock down fifty persons standing In. a
i ring with their hands clasped. He says
'tie cew batteries are simple In con
l etrcstlan, theugh It has taken years of
¦¦ study and experiment to bring them to
j sv/legmo of perfection.
"With batteries charged with this
: new radium preparation," e&ys Gage,
I "LxrHL roarantee to startle the sden
: tlflo world with my experiments. I
will guarantee to run a big automobile
died with passengers a distance of £00
xnlles with on* charge. This is only
one cf thB many things which I will
guarantee, and as soon as Post and
myself are ready for the tests we will
prove our statements.
"Our method Is an entirely new one
and different from the process In vogue
•In the East and In Europe with new
motor batteries, that have been tried
and found wanting. "We have worked
at this for more than twelve years, and
now our labors are about completed
and euccess I am sure will crown
them."
Remarkable Results, It Is As
serted, Will Follow Exploita
tion of the Scientist's Device
WONDERFUL NEW BATTERY
Prof, diaries H. Gage Claims
to Have a New Process for
Extracting Eadium From Ore
DISCOVERY MAY
STARTLE WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ¦ 20, . iy 03.
56
DIED.
Continued From . Pa so ' 53.
mendmj at 9 o'clock. Friends are Invited to
/ attend./
RICHTER— In this city. December IS, 1903,
.-Martin/dearly beloved husband ' of ' Eilse
Richter, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
El years 5 months aad 27 days.
ETFuneral to-day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock,
from his late residence. K» Clayton street
thence to the chapel at Odd Fellows* Ceme-
tery for services. Cremation Odd Fellows'
• Crematory.
SCRAFFORD— In Alameda. December 19. 1903
Mary H., beloved wif« of John M. Scraf-
ford. and mother of Earl and Katie W.
Scrafford, a native cf New- York, aged KJ
years.
SHEEHAN— In this city. December IS. 1003.
Emms, beloved . wife of John W. Sheehan.
devoted mother of Helen Sheehan. daughter
of Mrs. M. Hnns and the late Fred Hons,
and alster. of • Fred and Willie Hons. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years and 6
months. ,
E7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8;30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 711 Tennessee street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, thence to St. Teresa's
'Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose cf her soul,
commencing - at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
' , Croes Cemetery. , -. / :
SMITH— In' this city, December 19. 1903, Jc-
neph Smith, .beloved ison'of Laurenc« and
Mary Smith, a native' of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 11 days. -
STEIN— In this city. .December IS. 1903, Mar-
tin Stein, dearly beloved -eon- of -A. J. and
Sarah Stein, and brother of JoseDhtne and
Irene Stein, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 2 mentba.
C7 Friends* and acquaintances are respect-
folly lnvit-d to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 507. Grove street. Interment Eternal
. Homo- Cemetery, 1 by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend street*.
SUNDQtJIST— la Vallejo. ' December 19, 1903,
Mrst Margaret Sundqulst (born Rhatighan).
a native of Richmond Harbor. County Long-
ford. Ireland, aged 69 years.
CTFrienda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 21. at 15 o'clock, from tne lletno-
. dlst Church, Vallejo.
VICTORS— In Alameda. December 18. 1303.
Albert, beloved fcusbaad of Marie \ Ictors.
and father of T>r E. Victor*. Centle and
Elsie Victors and Mrs. Walter Fur«. a na-
tive of Germany, aged CS year».
WILLIAMS— In this city. December 16. 19O5.
Enoch Flthlan Williams, a native of New
Jnar.y. aged 47 years 0 months and II cays.
Member of Chicago. 111.. Lodss No. 4. B.
i P. O. Elks.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully mvlted to attend th« funera! services
Sunday. December 20. 1803. at 1 o'clock, at
»he Masonic Temrle. corner Vo»: and Mont-
gomery streets, urder the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car
from foot of Martet street. Remain* at th«
parlors of the Ca'lfornla Undertaking Com-'
panj\ 405 Powell Btreet.
WOODS — In Haywirda, December 18. 1903.
William Woods, -jeioved husband of NeRla
Woods, father ot Venie and May Woods,
end brother of Atex D.. Jessie H.. Richard
H.. Geonre. Joseph and Lizzie Woods. Mrs.
A. V. Roerers. Mrs. Charles Gibbons -and
Mrs. F. Fo!ore», a native of Halfraoon Bay.
Cal.. aged 36 years. A member of Ple<tiaoi\» i
- Parlor No. 12t>. N. 9. G. W.. and Court A fK
vocate. A. O. ,F. . . • • _
|C7FrIend3 and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
December 20, 1903. at 2 o'clock, from th-»
. parlors of James McManus, Seventh ami
' Castro stret- 1«. Oakland. Iatannaat iiu
Mary' a Cemetery.
HAiE'S. j KALE'S. | HALE'S. j '_ H ALE'S. ; -jl . . HAiE'S. \T HAXE*S.
* _^ jlpflir a8v / - BB • - TjL^v ~^y^ w^^'^""^^^"*"™^' M " M^"^"^^K^""' M^'^^P^ M **^^^^"^^^^^ ' a Hnd ol3.clvs \^/ virile \r\T>tf Sr^
r* "••J XW4 U&9 UCO& vi OUU1C VUU HU » ™ < " ¦-*
for *W' donVmiss Don't Forget the Toys Don't Forget Hale's tionery ; in handkerchief s and gloves. Look at these tables of
burnt leather novelties— all new and Don't wait till the last to buy. Dear knows there will be burnt leather novelties, toilet boxes and celluloid pieces. See Talking Machine Dent
morrow UmC tO " subi & enough rush as it is to get everything ready for the trip what we have for the men (all sizes in house coats), more new investigate our machines and rec-
Christmas eve. If you leave it to us we'll get you. ready. No neckwear, silk suspenders, men's jewelry, novelties for his desk; ords before purchasing elsewhere
Hale's Christmas candies are fresh perceptible shortage of Christmas gifts yet. Look at all the and if he smokes— lots of things to please him. . for Christmas. You will save
and good, put up In xnany novel holi- good things in jewelry and silverware ; in perfumery, in sta- . And for the children- . iTl^l^Tso^^^TZVl
"I""*! .»? V** M-^»l • *r** w w -R— * •«•¦ >~r*4 • ¥ • j w bility in wear they cannot be
Don't wait till the lastdir to pick MlGtltV OT l^laV I^nin^S Sfifi HOW IHlill 5ll^ I 1^1" flQ equaled. Hear demonstration* even-
out yonr cards and calendars. * *^"*',7 * 1 **J r i lllli^*5» A^W<W IlfJVV 1 U.11 1 Ilia I_-rIOL JlO ings if you can't get around in the
We don't believe any one will be disappointed if they come to- worth $1.00; crokinole boards 55c; $1.50 hardwood writing desks o.ic: daytime.
Use our postomce. We will regis- iL'^lllil ixr. v.i:.,,. wrtc * n ( tii- fniVo ,,^11 W. e .,,^%-^ * n finH cirli a and up on. the fourth floor, .where the wagons, velocipedes and wheel Record guaranteed to fit any ma-
ter your packa K es for you without »°™>w. We believcjrnost of the folks will be^surprised to. find such- a gO ods arc] will be found some special cycle wagons at $u* (something chine made. A=k for our exchange
3-our waiting or worryina:. choosing for the last week and to nnd some bargains. 73c dolls arc no' one else in the city has). But read on down the list and see what we system. State when writing whether
1 i « 49c; boys' 25c tool chests 15c; printing presses at 59c; air rifles at 65c. have. your machine uses flat discs or cyl-
California Crystallised Fruit Chatter Box, 190.3, 90c. Bagatelle Boards, foe, 25c. 45c. Music Boxes, 45c to $VvO0. Doll Cabs, 25c up to $n.co. inder records. Catalogues supplied
One lb. assorted in a burnt Train, "The Flyer," 'ii-in. engine, 75c and up to $3.25. • S Doll Trunks. 15'c up to $2.50. Doll Go-Carts, 25c to $13.00. u P on application.
wood box, with pictures of the tender, flat car, passenger coach, g$c. Parlor Croquet, 21c, 35c, 45c and Mechanical Boats, 65c to $16.50. Children's Swings, to hang in the j -— — — ~ ¦—— "
1 Mission and the Cliff House Skin Horses, fully harnessed, on 7 - c> Boys' Soldier Suits, 25c 4SC 95c, doorway. 25c. 45c. 65c. Hale Glove Orders
on the cover. 45c platform With wheels. 11 in. high, Crokinole Boards, 55c, 60c. o^c $1-75. Shooflies, 55c to $2.25. are being bought more fnwiy thtn ever.
J 1 49c. And there are others. 23c, 75c, and $1.25. " " Pewter Soldier?. Indian and Fancy Colored Musical Tops. 3c, STVail™ *' " 7 ° f Ha ' 9 '" """* * a
i~i , 98c and $1.35. , . Jl% ; u Combination Bo« rds. with which American sets, 23c to $3.00. . 8c and 25c. San Franc , sco , Stockton.
•<£ » >*i L Stuffed Animals, covered with felt, to play ioo games, $4-7«5. Other com- _ „- — - ;•' S Sacramento, Fan j o £
4?gJM^ m^y^P--—±3S§* 15c . . bination games, $1.15. "52 and $2.98. Doll Furniture. . . . .. _ , E - Uirias - ., ._„.„ Petaium..
PSa^R—^^^^^J^^S^ Mechanical Train, tin. 30c. Others x en pj ns str ipeJ and varnished. "^"hif enameled sideboard, 24 in. h^h. rancy Automatic Banks _J
\y ~J~&^<^5& % ** 95c, $1.25, $145. $2.25 and up to I5c> 25c , 45c ' f up to $I . I0 . ** che9t ' drawer and ' ar=e m ' r " owi unk. e 5c . \ -& vlV v V
1 iST $15-00. Race Games, 4SC, g^C. UP to S7.7 1 ?. China closet, white enameled. bIK trimmed. Kick the Mule bank, 05c. yrJ^ *^wt^ Mi
A <^*^*^^*^ V-/^nfe k Boys Tool Chests; laree. prac- Parlor Bovlin'e $1.2^. $2.^0 and two , d ° 0 "- two llnen drawers. 15 m. ciown bank. 95c. cT2^ <| P l^in»w^-=^v!*
g\ •— **&^ * ?iV-,1 t/-.olc -mri q full Vi> of thrm in «¦ lvJi jjuviiiik, v^-'.'it v4..iu awu high. BOc. Indian carr.p. P.ic. T^9V'Z ¦^££E-ZZi%3r~_ ¦—BP-»7 f^w
m -^ rr iJ. ' m> » -m w ' tical tOOlS and a lull kit Ot them, in 55.00. Heavy brass beds with roller*, strong wire Combination bank*. 25o to »l.f». W(T" t^ r y^^'^ 2^ «g=rrrBg*'
a gOOd box, 9SC. Pooeuns* bans thev eo. but harm- mattre^a, 21 In. Ions. $1.C5. . Though we have other banks at 5c, 10c. 23c \j fl /!"•"> ? TT
Christmas Jewelry 9 «b™,,« c1 . '««^ii. sh0 , ,«. ~ , IJgSSl"
The gOOd ne\VS OS gOOd aS eVCT n«ll« o-f AC\^ Repeater Air Rifles. $I.IO. $1.75. Bettor' Japanese bamboo doll furniture— Wheel GOOdS ~ " » •+
& 75C UOllS at 4VC. Boys Swords. IOC, 25C, 5OC. table, sofa and three chairs. 20c set. , , \\7U-*t l\J«* C rtma +U; M «. *^«
a o ai n- Handsome, full-jointed ones, with Printing Presses. 50c. oSc and China Tea Sets, decorated. 8c. 2.^c. Oil the Ath Floor. Wny i\OT. SOITieining IOr
Last week's opportunities re- composition bodies. fine bisque $1-25. 45c, 95c to $6.00. - Carts, coasters, velocipedes. Her Toilet Table ?
ft ,, f . A . .. £ .. , heads with sleeping eyes: ; pretty Magic Lanterns, 45c and on up Jo Tin Kitchen Sets. .«;c. 10c. 25c wagons and the like; a floor v^, 1 1, <ju .
peated. Are you taking fuUest curly woven wigs;. 14 in. tall. $11.50. to 60c. ¦ z] \ to themselves where the And why not come to
advantaPY* of th«*m? Kid body doll:, hips and knees jointed with Iron Fire EnRines, 25c to $2.25. Embossed Tin Kitchens. 8c to ctfe. little folks can get on and Hale's for it^
advantage Ot them . 1%^1-T^^^ SS^S J ron grains. 8c and as h«h as $3. Laundry Sets complete for busi- havc a ri de. The" prices are Hcre arc th e favorite' Derfume_
SSStSff«g l »at& a S«S iatt " 1 ff^ffiMS^^^^k" 1 * J™ Ho ° k Laddcr * fr ° m 8C tO nC Doll 5C H 4 Ju C ses d$ 9 I fc 0 '$2 2 !; $400 ght ° r WC W ° Uldn>t be SeU - Bradley's Hudnut^ KS
"fglTh™ ' emw ° r ""™* Ring Toss, 21c and 45c. , I $2 |oy Cast Iron Stoves. 2,c to $5. $4^, up to $6m ' $ '" U °°' I «8 so many. | C ol g ate's-fixed up .in new holiday"
Bond poid ecart vlam (m«n'» or women'i), "tr.- -..^ -^.^. j r r s*r • j l j / j j 'j j r. r ojj t , ways; sometimes in little baskets.
p^i ehirt' waM fets " } fan get you ready for Christmas — but let u s do zt to-morrow, before tCs too late. sometimes in dainty boxes; ail of
chatelaine pins, hard' enameled 80a ' x —— —¦— ¦— ¦— 1.^^^— —^— — them with an air of refinement
Match cases, sterling silver. $1 ia to fi. - milady will prize highly.
Here's a *tirrm7item: Toilet ISets, $2.00 — — . . - ~ Christmas Stationery tSSRSS£iS& Sg i'£& «*
$ 2 . ? o Cigarette Cases $I .oo. gg^^?^^^ CardS HOCl Calendars In Pretty Boxes. 2KS£« Z^T Z
The finest and prettiest imported ings The mirror is a French- • }#»** table. « the main floor) Some of the arc *££ Jj ox^i^&STZZSliSS-Sf-,*.
ones we have seen, of German sil- plated one, with comb and brush; All our reserve comes forward this week, bo, u you are expect- 1 • ¦ fum '*« 2 - v « n<1 ' Or -
ver, in the gray effect. On the front comes put up in a leatherette case, ing. to buy at all, buy to-morrow. We havc tried to keep the assort- ¦ most as much as tfte paper that s in «-n».- bnttb» ot re.rume. "c.
are handsomely decorated European daintily lined. It's the best value of ment complete for Christmas week. It's more complete to-morrow them. Many of them havc lid cov- *? ex f IUime ""> 1?3 ln Pencil perfumer
Fcenes. There are only a few dozen. the kind. , • than it will ever be again. crs; some to look like decorated ta- Atomizers— how acceptable and
We know they won't last long. others. In fact if you — 1 pes ' try; som: U^^ZTllr; IZT^ ?^ 5 ° C *°
This jewelry Store IS the place J5TJ tV". 5 . _ S P I~ t JT „„!?/ o^fJC^ v .S l\ vAV some like cloth. Here's one box Mirrors (but don't wait too long),
to come for gifts. Folks are com- lain set, $2.50. Others of similar XS5l5 ' that looks Iikc k was made for Wand mirrors, 25c to $3.00.
in ff now as they never came be- %f±Xt^ ,. «,.». "^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ' ,„' * "°' "*£ frSS^m"^"' SZ^l
{nrr TIipv finrl ,,-lnt ih™ r-o«'f German silver eetj $2.60 to $ss.oo. Ete&fWtfxS&S* tMfflffiSffimW dsRmSFlffit2r\.^ for that attcr the paper is used?) with nickel. 6;c to $10.00.
lore. 1 ilCV Tina Wliat tney Can t Ono nt thf new thlnps Is a Sterling comb %S^ / \ /X / \/ \ / \^~~-Z7^^V Tiien \nrX- it- tt,» ,:?• I" . 1-f 'i ,-
/- j . / ¦ . - and brush set; it's good and ehowy, H>?^ Y/vwy \\/ vaiV / Vx 7// — ? inen look at the writing-paper Fine toilet soaps, 25c. 30c, 50c
nnd elsewhere. f-co. , t W^ \i^\S\J v^fea^.^^1 V^»%\; >% I Y aJr^-iL^n « that's in it. It's the new fabric k° x and on up. French and Ameri-
Gold Jcwelry-The newwt ; and Manicure Sets $2.25. iY<\)&k2!l^^ ' PapCr * \ NCW SqUarc cnvcl °P«. 7SC. J" \ d °£in%
rt ?hin% P egular t pr[c e es are and . mUch They are unusual, as you will / l '^| 1^' '^* iT^^^lTTk^y \"** Let's look at special styles at 45c. soap, Roger & GalleVs.
Eolid gold ring* (women'i or ml.ies') Trtth T^fi^^l^i^if A * XX a « V H * * « • £* > " vv J' tln *' s French organdy paper, new tints. *&, CD ,V
turquoiMf .rubles a*d pearls. «2. «2 25 Thc , r . c arc ., five P 1CCe ?, i" the SC^ All -#" M |— i *% **% a\ 1^^K*»A^ M * /^•ft C* 45 ° ba *' <& 'Jl^w
up to $, 50. Fterling silver. A nail file, a pair f-Sk B i H OP 1 U *\ fl fi B B^ %T^ B f. 88 D hT^ U ?^ A ' w o-<i"ir» boi. flat md ion ff: contain-, >r*SS>
%%*; wlth mtl8 B^- of scissors, a salve jar, a buffer and ** lliC 1 lailUfVWl IWIO SS^U".^ To? ™ d tw ° tIrts; bIu '
Men's fi^-nrt rinpp. $3 . r ,0 to ?0. a CUticle knife. — - « -w y ' ' UJl?™*^" <F^*?'P%
with Ynit X/Vflttt See these' other Christmas 1 W %
solid cola slides. $1 T,0 to $<?. to the «pt. fi \B R_fl V y CJL B L (L I J2SLW Vtifr' &,.<*,* *h £y A^l\ '
And brooches, tray after tray of new FhapfR Khnny manicure gets at ?1. 50 and up to » » ¦•"» . — -^ tllinCS at the Stationf»rv rniinr**r # 'ZZ^C^'g) «3^^js^ ' J W S2j w
nnd (ifFicns. 50c. that you r-an't buy f 0 00 "iiii^a ctL H1C SLaLlUIlClV COUniei. / J^^^u^^ * rf -~-^' — **^ *JaSffiV *
SnS 1 it 1 «- u M 1 to IP, and * L SoIld goli '¦ „ , 7T~ : 1 Here are the pretty Christmas styles in great holiday pro- " J 'Ti 5 » r— =- ~*
Go™ e wVtche5°t^ fir men or women. Hale GloVC Orders , . .- l . . . , '. , , m / P^jHjm, «x nomlw «,««,. a ,« T « CWwi*
nerr-8 a social one fo r men. gold mied. - Ar« tbr-best of an. fusion ; a magnificent variety for Christmas week. When you v ™\ "WeiSht. m woir heads, horse head,, ine OlOre
4?SiSr^ lverpllted - C " h them at nra ny .to°r f e. Hale>i I can't think of anything else, think of handkerchiefs. When you m«. '£ » 5? V^ .t y i« ,n A [ VtU & Christmas Gifts.
A^d^t^'eTaTd^narnefe/n-atche.. the ' t . .,/, f , ... . . . , . , 4 ,. . 111 '^- A h ° St " PrC " y thineS wiU be
sweetest itttie thin« you c*n find. $9 so. .^ a -*' see these you will be glad you didn't think of anything else. th f o S^^^S 1 ?,* thTCt JZu shown here this week. What can
Opera Glasses-^Some new styles in " X >SL If you want something exclusive look at these hand-made u on"°a a £££• ,mW t&n 1^ be more useful than a half dozen
pearl and enamel. $3.50 to Si.^.oo. cz JSrlStFj^ r^E2f— —^dSw ' mouth. • , _.,. t ,.t,, _„_
Jv e have a few in morocco. $1.50. \M<kz=^&^L^m* handkerchiefs. But it's the box handkerchiefs that are SO full SKr^S IB %& and saucer for father a chocolate
Lorgnettes — In sterling silver and 1<r > *fe^^ W > .1 /~i • . • -i. c d ±1. 1. ri r Thermometers for the desk. BOo to $L ' ; . .' . . .,,
silver gray. $5^0. ) ] r^^^^^^^v^Z^!^^ "^ of the Christmas spirit. Some of them arc put up like fans, interne"? n o s d «te° $ d % set for mother or a bread-and-milk
' — " - . /^^^^^^^^^ t sornTof them in Tittle baskets, with flowers, some of them in cX^i^t^ 160^1:^ set for the little K irl? Then look
Pv fOOT flOrl \C 0**" — jyt—riniJr^ —^ z>?^ I* t ... at all these steins we will sell thi3
try lU^iapmc shell-shape designs. ¦ ' 4 ¦ :• week and hardly one of them that
Leather Novelties To Hale's for Next come the count erful of dollar handkerchiefs; beauti- j Buy a Hale Glove Order, j is^s^
A special display of some new Christmas^ Gloves ful lacy ones ; some with mechlin and some with Point Venise ' . ' newestideas^ 1 *** l cm V e vcry
ideas to-morrow on the main Here are the pretty styles women lace. We never had such rich handkerchiefs before at $1.00. Give Table Linens 50c Steins are 29c. -
da s eve one oriHnal r t ~ The C ° lleCti ° n * m ° St entllUsiaStic TIiat ' S 5 ™ 5]hli bo!i?d S^ TcXSwv™'-
rs, every one on trt rocto Here are the glove orders they of aU these lace.styles. In some of them almost the entire hand- And of all tablclinens nowa- tCr Sob stain., 65c-p e wt e r t op ..rut
China Bov Calendars, 50c, that are llKe » too, . . . ¦ • . • . ,, • / . . . . . . t - L , « , embossed figures, full gilt traced.
sold elsewhere at 7 SC. , •¦ is shown by th« great numbers we are kerchief is lace, and in all ot them the lace takes original shapes. davs its tne sets housekeepers si.75 stein«, 95c— Large, beautiful
nZrnhn<r< Artn** nn •- tsrotec. Cash them at any of Hale's . - ' f , . . ,, „,...,.,, . -> „ iU . ' «jnes in four and five colors, richly
opera oags, 49c to $3.00. u>/ _ Plenty of children's handkerchiefs in little boxes; 1 5c . for prefer. Here they are in prettv embossed designs, fun gold tracing.
Cushion covers {ready to fill), fr.oj . . — ; — ' J . }~, • , , -^ - , , You will wonder how we can do It.
to $7.00. A nice idea is to get her a the p i a ; n ones an d 2^c for the initialed ones; 3 to the box. Christmas boxes with a cloth and we can. and here they are.
Art wall pieces, $4.00 to $7.50. glove box with two or three v % a dozen napkins fixed up to Moustache Cup and Saucer.
Leather novelties are the best pairs tucked away in it — maybe 1 ; ; ; I mntr t. <Za nn <Za en c- ™ Carlsbad china, thin and ««ht. aeeo-
ofallgift S ,andth-esearethebest tied with a pretty ribbon. One — . tt JBjm S6^ <: 7 t Sio^o unTn """ Tl TT,TkT ZT ""
of tl! best; entirely different f f a j J 'I?™" <S^ Iff £S>^ ' cJ&gSL' £*ii? ***
from the line of this Class Of I ¦ Pair, let it be ar fine 3<SSi§} /Mf dW^^^^SlS^ H> 1 "-5 U 5Cl - %'& dainty floral sprays, rood practical alze.
goods. We have had them spe- But one 'doesn't need to pay ov-cr /Mf /Mf WB&IM& W^*JS0SS*^ favored. 1 " They have." individual Sugar and Creamer 25c.
daily put up for us-styles and £ /M beauty and without Ixtra colt. In tm^a^deSralid ffiSffSSSS
ideas not found, elsewhere, and inj? styles: (ffSU "^^^sr*«i£!**_®*^ €fiOw8&3&*^ fact » the y cost Iess than >'°u can get Two P lece3 - 2oc -
which we will show for the first 8S i I i& < SST^.?a*-aiw"ii. ' "fipnii 1 1 "^ the same quality for by the yard, Bread and Butter Plates gc.
time to-morrow morning. £ '^E^NT^fi, t San Franeisco's Busiest Store-Market Street. N and yet th^ h.ve beau ty and tone
o And a misses 2-ciasp LAmbakln. . $l v . I ; — ¦ r : ' not to be had xn yardage goods. in floral sprays and gilt tracings. tFrenchman to Talk at Harvard.
PARIS, Dec. 19.— This year's lecturer
before the French Alliance of Harvard
University will be Anatole Le Roy-
Beaulieu. well known in France for his
broad, comprehensive treatment of so
cial questions. His subject will be
"Christianity and Democracy." An
other series of lectures will be given by
another Frenchman. Andre Michel, on
••Art." He was invited by the Federa
tion of French So-cleties in the United
States.
QUEEN HELENE OF ITALY. WHO WILL PLAY SANTA. CLAUS, FOR,.
THE LITTLE PRINCESSES YOLANDA AND MAFALDA AT THE
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL IN THE ROYAL' HOUSEHOLD. • •
en,. especially in London and Glasgow.
Dora Labouchere, who was married
recently to the Marquis di RudinI, son
of . the former Italian Premier, will
probably .accompany, her husband to
the United States to attend the forth
coming St. Louis Exposition, of which
the Marquis Is one of the Italian com
missioners. She is a dark-haired, dark
eyed'girl, whose wit is as quick and
sharp as that which brought her father
a million as proprietor of Truth. There
was a fairly faithful and friend
ly-picture of "Labby," as he. is
usually - called, in Israel Zang
will's novel; "The Mantle of
Elijah," wherein the famous editor and
member of Parliament was thinly dis
guised; as Tizzy. It is said that "Lab
by" now spends most of the income he
gets from Truth in defending the libel
actions : into which he deliberately
plunges by his attacks on all. sorts of
frauds and scandals. He. Is a pro
nounced agnostic,- and as a sort of nat
ural consequence his daughter not long
ago went to the other extreme and be
came-a Roman Catholic. The bride
groom,-who was once attached to the
Italian legation in Washington, Is rath
i er likely, to go .back there- some of these
days as Italian Embassador. ¦
mighty plum pudding; and the trades
men are flocking to Buckingham Pal
ace with samples of their wares for
royal inspection. After the Christmas
shopping is done, their Majesties will ¦
go to Sandringham until about the
middle of January, and then move on
to Windsor Castle. K|.f:^
Probably -the busiest - American
woman in " England to-day is Mrs.
Joseph Chamberlain, daughter, of the
late Judge Endicott. Secretary for
War under Cleveland. She has been
present at practically every one of her
husband's speeches' in the . big tariff
campaign, of which he is the foremost
figure. If . he succeeds— -arid tho3e,
; who said he wouldn't are : beginning to
hedge — there : is little doubt: that.- he
wil 1 ,¦ become Prime , Min'ster. And
Mrs. will have earned
her place, as mistress, of the figurative
British White House, for she has been
a great political help to. her husband
in many ; ways, z hearing his speeches
before they-. were delivered, prompting
him here and.there.rand. even pulling
him by the cijat- tails to call his at ten-
tion" to an overlooked point made j by
some one in- the audience. At New
port the other night* a man inter
rupted the speech with -> friendly com
ment .which ' the belligerent Joseph
misinterpreted and was starting in on
; a. tart retort when the situation was
explained to himin a whisper from
his .wife. She always appears ahead of
him on the platform, and is greeted
with.roars of applause.. Her face is
known everywhere now, despite her
objection to. being photographed.
. It was generally supposed that what
was r dubbed the semi-teetotal move
ment would be only a temporary social
fad, owing. popularity to theKing'sap
proval. and the fact that the royal son
in-law, theDuke of Fife, is vice presi
dent.;. But it was reported at a meeting
j in j Lady -Duncannon's house • this week
<hat 35,000 persons, mostly, of, consid
erable isocial rank In -London, had now
taken Jthe .pledge to ;abstaln 'from ¦ in-
Vtoxicatlrig drinks except at ; meal times:
LonKRoberts is the, president; of .this
.'unexpectedly successful society, and
.Lord ; • Alverstone. who is ;. Lord Chief
Justice: of England, -is also a pillar of
'¦•.the : society, > and ; had > much to . say ; in
Lady Duncannon's drawing-room about
the , increase of • drinking : among, worn-
KING EDWAKD MAKES
J^N UNPOPULAR MOVE
Two Famous American Members of
the Royal Academy Checkmate
Britain's Ruler.
LONDON. Dec. 19. — How J. S. Sar
gent and Edwin A. Abbey, the two fa
mous American members of the Royal
Academy, recently, managed to upset
a pet project of King Edward's can be
told for the first time on the authority
of a Royal Academician. It seems
that the King was especially anxious
to have Emil Fuchs, the portrait
painter, made a -number of the acad
emy, and that Sargent and Abbey
found means of preventing the royal
wish from' being carried out. Ever
since Fuchs designed the new postage
stamps, which bear the King's head —
and which most people ' think any
thing but artistic — and made the
drawings for the coronation medal,
Edward VII is said to have been re
markably "keen" on him, and the
sovereign has spent a lot of time in
the artist's studio in Devonshire street.
Not long ago it popped into the
royal head that Fuchs ought, to be a
Royal Academician and the result
was a letter to the famous society of
Burlington House to the effect that
his Hajesty would be pleased to see
the appointment made. That letter
made trouble. According to the in
formant, the of the Royal
Academy did not think Fuchs entitled
to become one of their number, but
they were in no end of a quandary as to
how they could get out of making the
appointment without offending the
King. In their perplexity, however,
some of the more prominent academi
cians went to Messrs. Sargent and Ab
bey and asked for a su—estion. which
was promptly given.
The two American artists, who, of
course, are quite the biggest guns in
the English art world at present,
promptly sat down and wrote to the
King stating: that if Mr. Fuchs rras
LONDON'. Dec. 19.— There was tha
usual animated gathering of Ameri
cans to eat turkey with the r*al cran
berry sauce and finish c<l \ :'h real
pumpkin pie at the American Soci
ety's Thanksgiving banquet. Mr.
Choate, referring to William Jennings
Bryan, who was the chief guest of the
evening, had a little sly fun with the
ex-advocate of free silver. He said
he had taken him to -the Bank of Eng
land, where he could make a special
study of finance and currency, a sug
gestion that evoked great laughter
and cheers. Mr. Bryan, he said, was
making a tour of inquiry and had sat
at the feet of Asquith and Chamber
lain and Goschen and Rosebery, and
if his ideas on the fiscal question
having heard all those gentlemen in
the space of about forty-eight hours
were not a little mixed, they would
appreciate what qualities the man
had. "We are delighted to welcome
this famous orator." said the Ambas
sador in conclusion, "this candidate
twice over of a great party — to whicfl
perhaps we do not all belong — this
honest man whose purity of character
and unbounded cheerfulness of temper
have disarmed even his political ad
versaries of all personal hostility."
Mr. Bryan got' back by telling: Mr.
Choate that If he were to give, full
credit to what the Er^bassador had
salty he might be in the position of the
young lady whose sweetheart praised
her until she felt so bis that she
would not apeak to him.
Embassador Choate* sWit
Draws Retort From
Nebraskan.
HAS FUN
AT BRYAN'S
EXPENSE
ROME. Dec. 19.— Although the real
celebration of Christmas, with the ex
change of gifts, comes, for the
majority of Italian children, on
the *Ep'phany, leaving December 25
an entirely religious day. the royal
family keep Christmas as do other
countries. This is a tradition in the
House of Savoy which the present
King and Queen have maintained.
At court all is movement and life at
Christmaptide. Both King and Queen
Personally select the valuable presents
they give to the members of their
households. This year Queen Helene
will take peculiar pains in choosing an
infinity of gifts, as it is said she gave
dissstirfaction last year, through an
innocent judging of other people by
hcrseif.
One of her greatest weaknesses is
children. She a£ores her own, loves
those of her ladies-in-waiting, and has
a more than kindly feeling for all
young people as such, even extending
her affection to the eldest son of the
Duke of Aosta, who will some time sit
on the throne of Ii !y. if Queen Hel
ene has no beys. In the general
course of human nature she would
not feel very friendly toward him —
and in fact she did not in the begin
ning — but he conquered her as a
baby, and that meant forever.
Last year the Queen thought she
could not please her ladies-in-waiting
better than by pleasing their little
ones, so she arranged a magnificent
Christmas tree, which she hung with
everything that the infant heart
could desire, the presents being costiy
and numerous, but there were only
trif.es for the parents. This was too
much; the lament? were longandloud,
and reached the ears of the poor
Queen, who had intended so well and
had satisfied fo ill. With her one les
son is su?Hcient, so that this season the
gifts are to be many and beautiful,
but strictly for the mammas.
PRESENTS ARE COSTLY.
The giving of the presents form a
regular ceremonial. They nre all ar
ranged on various tables. There are
jewels for the wives of those decorated
with the collar of the Annunciata,
wives of Cabinet Ministers, and ladies
in-waiting. Each present has a card
attached, on which is written the
r.ame of the person for whom it is in
tended. The. Cour.tes3 Giucciardini,
the chief lady-in-waiting of her Ma
jesty, has a large book in which she
has written every scar a list of the
presents given by both the King and
Queen, and the names of their recipi
ents. In this way the giving of dupli
• cate gifts is avoided. The ladies-in
waiting wear the jewels presented
them by her Majesty for the first
time at the reception given by the
diplomatic corps, on the evening of
the last day of the year.
Besides this "intimate reception"
for the bestowing of gifts, there are
innumerable others, so that the sea
• con is considered at court to be the
most fatiguing of the whole year.
This year there is to be an entirely
intimate Christmas tree for the little
Princesses Yolanda and Mafalda, the
former being not yet three, and the
latter having just completed her first
year. Christmas to the babies is one
long laugh, beginning with the mo
ment they open their eyes in the
morning, until they close them at
night The first thing they see is
some mirth-provoking object, placed
so as to catch their attention. Last
year Princess Yolanda found a "nig
ger" doll sitting on her pillow, and
when she moved it it stuck out its
tongue. She laughed and laughed un
til her nurse obliged her to stop, and
then she clasped the new treasure to
her besom and flew to papa and
mamma. After breakfast, during the
morning, the shutters were closed and
the electric lights turned on, so that
the beautiful tree, shining with tiny
colored electric globes and laden with
• curious and many shaped pacels.
ehone in full glory to the view of the
cj/en-mouthed children.
QCEEX AS SANTA CLAUS.
Ibis year the tree will be smaller
and the Queen herself will act as Santa
Claus. Their Majesties themselves re
ceive no gifts outside the family cir
cle. It is not permited; but those who
feel special gratitude to them, or
from their rank are near the throne,
have got into the habit of sending the
babies remembrances, which are ac
cepted.
On the whole the day of Christmas
at the Quirinal is strictly private, a
"home" day, where the servants are
made glad also', and where the chil
dren are the chief consideration. As
the years go on anil the Princesses are
older, and there are perhaps others,
more Will be made of this "holy day,"
but it will always be entirely intimate.
Their Majesties' follow the national '
custom of a fish dinner on Christmas
eve. /The day before Christmas, as
before any great church festival, is a
fast or "lean" day (as the Italians call
it), that is to say, a day on which no
meat may be touched. But with the
usual ingeniousness of the nation, in
stead of being regarded as a day of
fast, it is seized upon as an occasion
for feasting, elaborate and costly ft'sh
dinners being now the invariable
rule.
The typical Roman spends the night
before Christmas in merry company,
generally, playing "tombola," a kind
of lottery, and about one o'clock of
the morning of the 24th the entire
party adjourn to the fish market,
where there is a magnificent display of
the fish, to be sold later on, immense
eels being the most conspicuous. The
dinner in the evening, which begins
about nine, so that it will finish Just
when the hour arrives for midnight
mass, is composed entirely of fish
soup, and fish fried, boiled, baked, etc.,
with tomato sauce and cauliflower.
Although the King and Queen do not
Rave the palace, they adhere to this
programme more or less closely. This
is followed on Christmas day by a
magnificent and elaborate banquet,
which, however has no invariable
dish, such as our American turkeys.
elected to the academy they would re
sign. "Whereupon his Majesty is said
to have withdrawn his request with
out loss of time.
The English royal family really gets
a lot of fun out of Christmas, owing to
the number of grandchildren, grand
nephews and grandnieces for whom
presents have to be chosen with that
care and thought for personal prefer
ences that makes it more pleasant to
give than to receive. The King's big
country house at Sandringham will be
the scene . of the . gathering this
s year, and as the whole family is in
good health and spirits at present the
festi\'itles are expected" to be more *
lively than for many a year past.. The
'•chef ofthe'^reat-Tdtchensat Windsor,
is already busying himself with' the
. traditional baron of beef and the '
Both the King and His Consort Personally Select Pres
ents for Members of the Household.
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
ITALY'S QUEEN LOVES OLD-FASHIONED CHRISTM AS FETES
AND STOCKINGS WILL BULGE WITH GIFTS FOR CHILDREN
Pages 57 to 70
Pages 57 to 70vaudevy le then, In Boston. ' Maybe I
shouldn't Bay that— "
"I don't eee why they should mind."
"I don't say they would," Mr. Hart
remarked, then quaintly* proceeded,
."but .they might. One may know
things, '.but~"it's Just as. well, to keep
them to one's self occasionally. And,
please remember, I was pretty young
then. I'm making myself out to be"—
he looked humorously anxious— "quite a
grandpa. I'm not, though, remember."
"Now, Mr. Hart, I'm going to ask
you for a Christmas story to wind up
with. Please begin, 'It was a -cold,
enowy -night, and the wind'—"
"Howled dismally," . h# continued,
laughing, "A Christmas story? Won- '¦
der if I know one? We're going to. have
a 'dinner pri Christmas, night after the
show -that's going to be a pretty good
Christmas story, I hope. ' > Been donating ¦
for weeks for it. The girls have charge _
of the" affair, 'arid they say it's going to"
be a decorated business. You see, we
people get* pretty homesick round about
Christmas!" ..
, "I hope^you'll have a good time," I .
wish, then.^persist: ",But I wan? a
Christmas^ story that has already hap
pened, though I. should be delighted to ¦
know first, -if I may, what that fas
cinating little ¦ beast on your watch
chain is?" The weird green glare of the
A local den of the Lions of the
World,' a fraternal, beneficial and pro
tective association, .was instituted in
Pioneer Hall last week and the follow
ing na,med were. elected officers for the
current term: Albert B. Craw, presi
dent; T.B. Jackson, vice president; A.
J. Weinert, past president; F. N. Sta
ley, secretary; W. B. Curtis, treasurer,
and W. O. Bacon, guide. This Is a new
fraternity Incorporated under^the laws
of this State and it claims many fea
tures that ¦ are not known in other or
ders of this character. H. D. Taft is
the supremo president and W. I. Dib
ble, for. a long time an organizer, for
anothe.r society, is the supreme secre
tary. ...-•- :.
LIONS OF THE WORLD.
• • •
There will be a matinee benefit per
formance for the widows' and orphans'
fund of the San Francisco- Fire Depart
ment • this afternoon at the Grand
Opera-house, with "A Little Outcast,"
with May Stockton in the chief role, a.3
the bill. Ther^ will also be a drama
of life-saving by members of the Fire
Department. The heneflt will doubtless
draw its usual large crowd, as its
raison d'etre is of the noblest.
• • •
The Orpheum road show, the great
event of the Orpheum year, opens this
afternoon. It is said to be a beauty.
• • • "¦• 4
They haven't any need to change tho w
bill at Fischer's yet. "I O U" still goea
bravely.
• • •
The Chutes will have a fine holiday
programme this week.
. ¦;. m: <-'\* .•¦', v • -".
The Alcazar is to the fore with a
production of "Blue Jeans," that with
its Christmas scenes Is duly season
able. The piece will be put on with
holiday lavishness.
The Central' will also exploit this
week two journalistic celebrities in
"Alphonse and Gaston." The piece
promises to be funny.
"Foxy Grandpa" is peculiarly tha,
Christmas show of the week. Joe
Hart and Carrie de Mar are Its shin
ing lights and the rest are well up to
pitch. Take the children, if only for
the sake of going yourself. It is at
the California.
• • *
"Dolly Varden." with charming
Lulu Glaser, Is in its second week at
the Columbia. It ia the most success
ful musical comedy of the local year.
The chief Interest of the local week
theatrical will be the opening of the
new Tivoli next Wednesday evening
with a holiday spectacle entitled
"Ixlon." "Ixion" is a home-made af
fair, and of the order, though more
pretentious, of the Christmas specta
cles so popular at the old house. Most
of the old favorites, and some new
ones, among trrcm Wallace . Brownlow,
an English baritone of considerable
reputation, will take part In the piece.
There will be 150 people In the cast,
that will include, as usual, several
clever children. The ballets will be of
unusually ambitious order and the
scenic appointments fit and splendid.
Old Tivoll prices will prevail.
The fact that the house was sold out
for the opening: performance In one
morning demonstrates the San Fran
ciscan's anxiety to be In at the bap
tism of the new Tivoli. The manage
ment will have to work hard to come
up to the local expectations for the
new house. As the old Tivoli has made
history for us. the new Tivoll is ex
pected to make history, and it cannot
be of tco exalted sort to fulfill the local
expectations. There has been an evo
lution of standards proceeding by leaps
and bounds and to keep pace with.it
there win have to be much done. Cer
tainly the possession of the prettiest
and, next to the Grand Opera-house,
most spacious house in town, as well
as what promises to be as acoustically
gTateful a theater as the Greek theater
at Berkeley, is one of the primary fac
tors of success, and this the Tivoli peo
ple have. It is only to hope that what
it may hold may be worthy of its
beautiful envelope.
The Twentieth, Century Club concert
of last week, in which the club showed
the results of some months of delving
among the old French composers, was,
I hear,, a delightful affair. The pro
gramme was charmingly balanced and
exquisitely chosen and rendered, partic
ularly as to its chorus numbers, in a
fashion to show the sincerity and ex
cellent direction of the club's effort.
Mrs. MacGavin. Mrs. B. G. Lathrop.
3Irs. M. E. Blanchard, SIgnor Russo,
Miss Anderson, Miss Hanks and Mr.
Balfo-ur were the soloists, and the fol
lowing programme was presented:
1. Chorus and soli from "Roland". Lulli
2. Air from "Alceste" LullI
Mrs. Lathrop.
3. "Cantatille Lancel
"Le beau Sejour" Anonymous
Mrs. MacGavin.
4. Gavotte Leclair
"Le Rappel des Olseaux,"
Gigue and Rondo Rameau
Miss Anderson.
5. Solo and chorus, "La Guirlande"..
Rameau
Miss Hanks.
6. Air from' "Rose et Colas".. Monsigny
M. Russo.
Two duets —
7. "line Fievre Brulant" Gretry
"Menuet a Deux" . Anonymous
Mrs." Blanchard and M. Russo.
8. Trio, "Un Jour, Lisette".. .Dalayrae
Mrs. Blanchard, M. Russo,
Mr. Balfour.
9. Air on three notes... J. J. Rousseau
Serenade from "L'Amant Jaloux"
• ••.•••••••••.•• .......... ...... \xr*i\.ry
Mr. Balfour.
10. Recitative and aria from "Al
ceste" Gluck
Mrs. MacGavin.
11. Solo and chorus from "Orfeo". Gluck
Soloist. Mrs. Blanchard.
• • •
Another engagement,and Mr.Minettl's
unkindness in setting the first of the
Minetti orchestra on an impossible
date, debarred me from the pleasure of
hearing it. The orchestral work, I am
assured by those who know, was en
couragingly good, and the concert was
also notable for the appearance as com
poser and pianist of Albert Elkus. one
of the most promising among young
Calffornian musicians. Mr. Elkus*
appearance In both capacities seems to
have been a pronounced success. His
compositions are entitled "The Lady of
Shalott" and "Cleopatra." and in the
tone poem genre.
Among much that is of special musi
cal interest in the Christmas music at
the churches the Saint-Saens Christmas
oratorio "Noel." that will be given this
evening at St. Dominic's, is of particu
lar importance. The oratorio is repre
sentative of the highest type of modern
church music and is throughout beau
tiful, and instinct with deep religiou3
feeling.
The numbers are as follows: Prelude,
"Allegretto Pastorale"; solos with
chorus, "Et Pastores Erant"; "Gloria
in Altissimis Deo"; solo, "Expectavans
Expectavi Dominum"; solo and chorus,
"Domine. Eso Credidl": duet, "Bene
dlctus Qui Venit"; chorus, "Quare
Fremuerunt Gentes?"; trio, "Tecum
Principium"; quartet, "Laudate Coeli";
quintet and chorus, "Consurge, Fllia
Sion"; final chorus, "Tollite Hostlas."
The soloslsts will be: Mis3 Camllle
Frank, soprano; Mrs. Jenkins, soprano;
Miss Ella V. McCloskey. contralto; T.
G. Elliott, tenor; Charles B. Stone, bass.
The oratorio will be given this even
ing under the direction of Dr. H. J.
Stewart, organist of the church. . ..
, . *¦ ;
open concert. It is yet undetermined
who will take their place.
Plenty of Bright
Attractions for the £
Holiday Season
The Arnold Dolmetsch divorce, an ar
tistic catastrophe, has changed the
plans of the Twentieth Century Club
for its aiming season. The club had
planned to brine out these . artists of
the old world of music- for their, next
"Parsifal" ad nauseam! It seems
probable Just now that if one were
to drop in upon the lamas in the re
motest lamassery .of remote Thibet
they would be found talking "Parsifal."
The subject has been thrashed out from
every side. Every one has been in at
the thrashing— except Herr Conried,
who is busy producing the opera. And
everybody has also been thrashed.
Mme. Wagner is regarded variously as
an absurd idealist, as a dog in the
manger and also as a martyr. In the
latter role she has Lohengrins by the
score for her defense. Herr Conried
occupies the other side of the see-saw.
With those with whom Mme. Wagner is
aloft Herr Conried is aground, and
oppositely. Between these two are the
singers and the public. By the Wag
ner household the loyalty of the Bay
reuth singers to Wagner's supposed de
sire to have the opera sung there only
has been movingly appealed to. The
Conried forces appeal to the singers on
the larger ground of spreading the ar
tistic gospel. Both sides are accused of
fomenting the discussion for the pur
poses of advertisement.
Nor is the matter confined to musical
circles. On the ground of blasphemy —
Parsifal, the central figure of the opera,
being in some sort a representation of
the Christ, some of the churches have
now taken a hand in denouncing Mr.
Conried's production of the opera in
New York. So the war goes merrily on.
But Gustave Hinrichs — once of our
Tivoll— is none the less busy rehearsing
the oDera at the Metropolitan for its
production on the 26th, nor the rest of
the huge force at their various tasks.
The latest sla» is at the public that
will hear "Parsifal," administered bru
tally by the Berlin Wagner Society.
The society has published a manifesto
recently that declares that "Richard
Wagner's holy legacy to art, whose pro
duction he designed to reserve for the
consecrated /temple of art which he
created, Is tnrown away upon auditors
in the land of dollars, who possess no
conception of the true essence of Wag
ner and probably never will possess
any."
Meantime, possibly tj permit the
odious comparison to be made by "audi
tors in the land . of possibly
again to lay "consecrated" hands upon
some of the dollars, tne Bayreuth so
ciety has issued for American circula
tion the following programme of the
Bayreuth festival fof 1904. It will be
seen that "Parsifal" plays a more than
usually prominent , part, and that
"Lohengrin.'.' . "Die Meistersinger" and
the "Flying Dutchman" are entirely
omitted:
5 "Tannhauaer" ..Friday. July 22
S ••Parsifal'." • • .. -Saturday, July 23
"Der Ring *es Xlbelungen" —
"Das Rhelnsold Monday, July 25
"Die Walkure" Tuesday, July 20
"Siegfried" " Wednesday. July 27
"Gotterdammerung" Thursday, July 28
S "Parsifal" ...Sunday. July 31
5 "Tannhau?er" Monday," August 1
$ "Tannhauser 1 ' Thursday, August 4
\ "Parsifal"' Friday, August 5
"Parsifal" Sunday. August 7
"Parsifal" • Monday, August 8
5 "Parsifal" Thursday, August 11
> "Tannhauser" Friday. August 12
"Der Ring d«s Nlbelungen"—
"Das Rhelngold" Sunday, August 14
"Die Walkure" Monday, August 13
"Siegfried" Tuesday, August 18
••Gotterdammerung" ..Wednesday. Aug. 17
5 "Tannhauser" Friday. August II)
{"Parsifal" ......' .Saturday, August 20
Note — An equal number of seats . must be
taken for the adjoining performances of "Par
eifal" and "Tannhauser" (as marked by
brackets). For "Parsifal" alone applications
can only be received for August 7 and 8. and
cannot be considered until next spring.
"JOE" HART, THE ACTOR, TALKS ABOUT "FOXY GRANDPA." AND SAYS THE PLAY IS SUCCESSFUL BE
CAUSE IT IS "CLEAN AND FROTHY" AND POSSESSES A QUALITY THAT APPEALS TO OLD AND
YOUNG — "HEART INTEREST."
'"She is lut Christmas shopping,"
raid Miss <le Mar's husband. "She
promised to be back, tut I wouldn't
trust the angel Gabriel at Christmas
time. Mrs. Hart has a new coat and
cane fcr a new sketch that we are go
ing: to use that I'd like you to see.
Canes are going to be 'if this sea
eon "
"Ah. thanks." I say hungrily. "And
the sketch? "
"Oh. we Khali use it in 'Foxy Grand
pa." You 3ee." Foxy's interpreter ex
plained, "the piece is elastic. Every
now and then we change things a bit.
It keers u;i our own interest in the
thing, as well ?.s the public's."
"You don't seem to have much
trouble with public interest so far."
"Not that you can notice," Hart
averred. "Well, it's a good piece, good
frothy stuff, and clean. Then, I think
—this will sound odd to you— I think
•Foxy Grandpa's' success Is due to the
fact that Jt possesses heart interest."
"!?" •V'.V"-:
"Yes, heart interest." Hart insisted.
"There are the children. Every lime I
put my arms round those kids I fepl it
—I'm fond of children and domesticity
and so on — and the audience feels it,
too. And Foxy is a possible and lova
ble character. I believe that every play
that lasts, lasts because of its h^art
Interest, 'Way Down East' and Sol
Fmith Rue sell's pjays. for example.
That's what keeps 'em alive."
" 'Foxy Grandna' is where the chil
dren come In." I advanced then. I
hadn't then Eecn It.
"They do. but people are mistaken in
thinking the p'icco is enly for chilaren.
The critics were surprised to find that
out. My! what a first night we had!
Blizzards by the bunch! Even the
passes wouldn't come in. The critics
rajne. I suppose they said to them
selves, *Oh, we've got to cover this. I
suppose,' and they, came expecting to
be bored. Dut they weren't. I felt the
surprise after the first act. and every
notice In New York next morning was
an indorsement of the show."
"You ran s long time, too."
"Two hundred nights."
"Are these boys the same you had
then?"
•'Lord, no! You've no idea how boys
rrow — " mSmSKmt
I found Mr. Hart foxily saving him
self trouble by dictating letters to .the
hotel stenographer. She seemed to be
enjoying It, but as she didn't tell me
why, I can't tell you. It augured well.
1 owever. The business of comedy sits
bo seriously upon the usual comedian's
brow that interviewing him is as wildly
festive an affair as being a lost dog.
Mr. Hart I found soberly cheerful,
with a vein of fun not too far under the
surface and — but we anticipate.
"I wish Mrs. Hart were here," "Joe"
begran. a? he. the artist and I flew heav
enward in the California Hotel elevator.
We stopped at the sixth floor and found
our 'way quickly to the Hart domain.
Our host continued: "Hope you don't
mind the smell of gasoline. I dropped
off a bicycle the other day and hit Cali
fornia pretty hard. My boy has been
cleaning it off." and the farceur apolo
getically removed the leg gear that
draped the back of my chair.
1 took the denuded seat as he re
peated: "Awfully sorry Mrs.. Hart
Isn't h* re. You gave her a whole page
when we were here before — do you re
member? ~'A like her to be in this."
"Would it be. nicer (for you) if I
were to put ber in, Mr. Hart?" I
laughed.
"Perhaps." he grinned, "but I think
it would be nicer for you, too."
"Net a doubt of It! I hope she'll
come in."
Here's with a merry Christmas from
Foxy Grandpa! As one r." j contributes
aboundingly to the season's festivity he
has prrhaps more right than most of
us to the wish. Obviously Foxy is the
person of the week. Others may be
Glasers. but these are of the flowers
that bloom in the spring tra la. Foxy
is a r>lum pudding. He is a whole
Christmas tree. He is turkey, dressing,
oysters, icecream, cranberries — all you
want of everything without repentance.
Therefore as a wholesome Christmas
diFh I went to "Joe" Hart, his creator,
hoping as an entree to encounter Mrs.
Hart, who is Miss Carrie de Mar on the
bills.
on the road. Once you could take any
old thing if it had a New York label
and make good with it. Now you
might bring eighty carloads of scen
ery and you can't do anything with it
without your play is worth some
thing."
"What do you think the people
want — besides 110 cents on the dol
lar?" ,
"Musical comedy a good deal now,"
he replied. "They like music,- and
they don't want to think. They've
been thinking all day and they want to
get away from it— that's the biggest
part of your audience. Bright music,
some little, sense/ a^ little plot, -some lit
tle contlnuity,';tbgether with cleanly
fun, and there you are. It's hard
earned money you get with the sugges
tive point— and not worth having. *j
"You've done a good deal with
farce yourself, haven'tyou,' Mr. Hart?"
"Oh, yes, some," he replied, modest
ly businesslike. "Girls wiir be girls,
and I wrote, in fact, most of the farces
we used when I was with Mr. Hallen."
"You compose, too?" "
"A little. I make up the tunes, some
one else orchestrates them."
"We seem to get the best farce mus
ical comedy from over the water."
"That's because we are not so care
ful here. Things are mostly just
thrown together lightly. The why and
wherefore isn't looked after. : Why,
I've* seen an actor permitted to leave
a door on one side of the stage and
come back immediately by an oppo
site door, and there .is a window b,e-"
twee'n them through which you can
see the ocean! He's been all round
it in two seconds! You can't do things
like that, you know. You must have
a reason for -everything."
"That, of course, belongs rather to
stage management."
"I'm a stage manager myself," mel-.
ancholy was uppermost here. '.'But
those foreign musical comedies now.
There's a half dozen men at the writ
ing of them— one at the book, one or
two at the lyrics, another at the songs,
another for the orchestral end, and so
on. They don't expect one man to do
it all. And they do get results. There's
the 'Three Little Maids,' the success of
this year; all of those Daly comedies,
they're all good, workmanlike stuff and
— I wonder where Mrs. Hart is?" he
broke off.
"I don't wonder you're uneasy If she's
out shopping."
"That's Just It," her husband grinned,
and asked: "May I go to see if she is
in her sister's room? I really want you
to meet her. You know women talk so
much better than men."
"You'd better go," I warned him, and
sat and wondered where I had seen
Mr. Hart's like, with the good, blue
eyes, set far apart; the square, good
brow with .its sleek thatch; the . good
jaw and the comical smallish nose and
wide mouth that perhaps determined
him to comedy instead of to commerce
or politics. I gave it up, and fell again
to thinking how hard to jest through
tears for one's bread and butter. For
the comedian, on his sturdy 5 feet 6 or
so, wore black, the tie black, the sleeve
links also black.
He returned still wifeless a moment
later and then began to tell me how
he had run away from home at four
teen to go on the stage — though 'twas
to be excused as his. uncle, Josh Hart,
was lessee of the Boston Theater.
"I went with a man named De Lilly,
from Chicago. And he was a lily! I
was two weeks with him and one night
he said: 'If there's anything you want
in your trunk you'd better take it out
to-night. I'm going home.' I took my
banjo, and that trunk's still on the
border line of Maine somewhere."
"You got home,, though?"
"Yes, at '4 o'clock one morning, with
my banjo under my arm. Mother let
me In. I'd never even written to tell
her where I was. She only said: 'You
go to bed, now, sonny; we'll talk
"troupe" in the morning.' We did.
But I'd had a taste of It and I never
settled down . after that. I was in
vaudeville when I. was sixteen. I even
had a mustache then. Yes, sir. I used
to put it up in curlpapers because It
was too soft to stay up by its lonely.
You, should have seen.it on' wet days.
Dick Golden, Nat Goodwin, Henry
Dlxey. Francis . Wilson, were all in
"Yes, but — well," Hart decided,
thrusting his hands in his pockets,
"I don't think the managers have
been giving tha people what they
wanted. And what they want now, by
Jove — " Mr. Hart tlapped his knee to
emphasize — "is 110 cents on the dol
lar! But I'm sure anything they do
want they'll buy. It isn't a case of
financial shortage. It's because they
didn't want what the managers had to
sell. The theater's a luxury, not . a
necessity, and people are going to
look round before they buy. You
*an't force productions.' It's the same
"You're pretty wise to take sure
things round about election time,"
the comedian said. I remembered
then that Hart was not only a come
dian, but a successful manager; not
only a successful manager, but a suc
cessful writer of farce. It was the
manager talking. "There's too much
fun and business outside at election
time. A good deal of loose money
flying round, too; cigars and wine and
things. And when there's something
for nothing to be had something for
something is not going to be on top.
It is Just as well to postpone your
something until after November 2d."
"Times have been pretty bad late
ly with the theatrical brethren in the
East"
"Well, ain't . it surprising?" Hart
laughed, his eyes only a blue chink of
fun under their dapper eyebrows.
"Why. one night they're piping high
C's and the next they're rumbling down
in the basement, and big enough to put
grandpa over their kne'es!"
"How old are these boys?"
"Fourteen and sixteen, though they
don't look it. It Is difficult to get them
clever enough to catch on to the parts
and able to sing so as to be heard, and
yet young enough to create the illusion.
They're nice boys. Haying an awful
time just now, though. Their, mother
sent them a Christmas box, and to be
sure it got here early enough she sent
it this week. They're on their word of
honor not to open it. But at the pres-,
ent rate of whittling I don't see much
"of that box left for Christmas." •
"Lovely! I'd like to know the end," I
owned, then asked: "Weren't you at
the Orpheum the last time you were"
here ?"
"And the only time I've worked for
salary for a good many years," Mr.
Hart acquiesced.
"Mrs. Hart's sister was on at the
same time, I remember, Fleurette."
The comedian looked pleased at my
remembrance of his sister-in-law, and
observed: "Florrie almost always trav
els with us. Nice girl, good girl. You
know they're not a bit like people think
stage folks are. Religious, you know.
They leave me in bed every Sunday
morning and eo off to church — say my
"No. But I like it. Those traits are
something one should cultivate in one's
family. I encourage it all I can."
"Peer Gynt and his lady of the
prayer-book," I murmured.
"Let me tell you something pretty."
Hart said suddenly. His dark, rugged
face, the color of smoked ivory, and
quaintly askew in its drawing, was
almost shy here. "We were traveling
out to California and my wife and
sister-in-law had gone to dress one
morning and the old porter began to
make up their beds. But he' soon
stopped for some reason or other, and
then ho looked over at me with a
queer little smile and held up a cru
cifix and a little saintly picture my
wife carries around. She'd left them
in her berth. 'That's the sweetest
thing I've seen on this line for many
years, sir.' he said. 'Your wife and
sister, sir? You are a lucky man, par
don me, eir.' and the old gentleman
Just beamed. I think so, too," the
lucky man concluded.
I could only nod a convinced as-
Bent to the old gentleman's opinion,
and then I said: "Fleurette was danc
ing the last time I saw her."
"She is going: to appear in a mus
ical comedy of mine pretty shortly, I
think," Mr. Hart informed me, "not
until after the election, though." v-;;-/
"Does that make so much differ
ence ?"
'"We've one at home like them," I cor
rected. ' '
"But you will say something about
her?" he pleaded, "and It can't be too
much or too good."
"Well. I'm not superstitious about
most things, but—" Mr. Hart's head
shook -solemnly to Indicate that birth
stones really counted. "It's my mas
cot, in fact."
He put up- his finger then to show
me a heavy gold ring. Foxy Grandpa
cleverly carved on one wing of it, the
boys on the other, and "Foxy Grand
pa" engraved in the center. "She had
that made for me, too," he said hap
pily.
"Don't forget my story, please," I
remind then.
"I'm out of snow," he be^an, teasing
ly. "Roses will do—"
"Talking of roses, I did have a funny
sort of Christmas night here once.
Ought. to be ashamed -of it, too. I had
been out with a friend making Christ
mas vcalls— after the show — and we
were walking down Geary street and
tossing;' up .whether to make for the
Hammkm baths or home.v^The baths
won -|he ; tos3— luckily. But we were
happy! how Jiappy we were! We
jfist owned ,that .block. Presently an
other fellow came along. • He wasn't
striped our way. He had the look of a
man when the chips hadn't been com
ing his ¦; way, utterly forlorn," and
Hart thrust up a pair, of desolate
shoulders to. illustrate. "Poor chap!
• But It struck the' other owls on the
funny bone. We commenced to laugh,
and laughed, and couldn't stop. The
man just looked at us and said:
'D— n! I'd give a thousand dollars if
I had. a laugh coming to me like
that!' We wished him a merry Christ
mas, then, and I guess he wasn't any
the worse for it.
"More, please," I laughed.
"I'll tell you a little story, with all
•the snow you want — though it hadn't
anything to do with the case. I was
in Philadelphia one Christmas night,
snowing to beat the band, too," he be
gan, "and they told me when I got
down to the theater that there had
been a man waiting at the stage door
for. me for an hour before I came. I'd
gone in at "the front of the house, so
he'd missed me. I didn't pay any at
tention at first. We've so many people
come to see us about any old thing.
They come because they have sat in
front at Oshkosh — any reason's good
enough. They're something like those
London gamins, you know. The lit
tle chaps seem to spring out of the
gutter to open your cab doors, and
they don't say anything but "Thank
you, sir,' and hold out their poor little
claws. I remember one little beggar
who was too late to open the door,
but the imp put out his hand just the
same, and said, 'I saw you get out,
sir!' I put my hand in my pocket and
said: 'Here, it's worth it.' '..
"But the other fellow's still out In
the snow, Isn't he? He kept bothering
the people to see me until I sent my,
bov out to him. He asked his name
and what he wanted, but all the fel
low would say was. # 'Oh, Joe (!) doesn't
know me, but tell him it's very im
portant.' 'Fetch him in,' I told my boy
at last, and what do you think he
wanted? He explained between shiv
ers that he had seen me in front and
so 'was sure I'd help him out of a
hole,' that his friend' Billy had one of
his 'lamps' damaged and was due to
go to a Christmas party with his best
girl,' and that if I didn't let him have
some of the right kind of paint to hide
the damage explanations would be fn
order and Billy short on "best girls.'
He got the paint."
We left the comedian then, again re
gretting that we had not seen Mrs.
Hart. ¦ :-v& ; &
eyes of it seemed to follow one's every
movement.
"That Is a cat's head," said Mr. Hart,
and he came over to show me how the
head opened, locket fashion, to show a
baby niece's portrait and that of his
wife, a piquant little face, wide-eyed
and laughing under its tangle of curls.
"She gave it to me. These are cats
eyes. My birthstone, you know."
"Are you — "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
58Major George Ffoner was recently
elected sote&tate of Islam • Temslc of
ISLAM'S POTENTATE."
The first of the Masonic installations
of the current year was that of the of
ficers of Golden Gate Lodge in the pres
ence of the largest attendance in the
history of that subordinate. The cere
mony was by W. A. T. Agard, assisted
by Theodore H. Macdonald as marshal.
At the close of the ceremonies the re
tiring master was presented in the
lodgeroom a beautiful jewel, and at the
banquet which follpwed he was pre
sented a costly roller top desk, chair
MASONIC.
The official visit "of Grand President
Stella Finkeldey to La Vespero Parlor,
South San Francisco, was a delightful
fraternal event. The visiting official
was received with a warm welcome by
the membership of this very fraternal
parlor and escorted to a. flower be
decked seat of honor. The parlor hall
was lavishly and artistically ; deco
rated. After the examination of the
business methods and' witnessing the
work by the initiation of a ': candidate
the grand officer ' paid • a high'compli
ment to Mrs. Nellie R. Boese for,Uie
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— Winston Church
ill, the brilliant M. P.. and son of Mra.
George Cornwallls West, Is said to be
contemplating another trip to America,
this time to look around for a rich
American wife. It is necessary for him
to marry money, as every one knowa.
and his mother has long been anxious
to see him settled down with an Ameri
can girl. Bur young Churchill does not
like Americans, except a small circle
of those who have lived in Europe most
c-f their lives. He i3 too self-centered to
learn to pay the small attentions Amer
ican women are accustomed to at home.
Churchill Wants a Wife.
complete method in which she pre
serves the history of the parlor in the
discharge of the duties of recording
secretary. During the evening the
grand president was presented an an
tique bronze ink well and a pew rack,
the presentation on behalf of the par
lor being by Miss Mae O'Connor, the
president. Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes, who was a Qsitor, was pre
sented a big bunch of - carnations as a
token of the love and high esteeem in
which she is held by the parlor, the
words of commendation being spoken
by the: recording secretary. Miss
Genevieve Carroll, the parlor's deputy,
was - presented a bunch of fragrant
roses. Each officer responded grace
fully, and then followed addresses by
Past Grand Presidents Keith. Conrad
and ,Tillman, and other members of
the [order. . „ V :
The Thanksgiving entertainment that
was given by La Vespero was a
brilliant "affair, when there was pre
sented:«., very interesting programme,
the feature of which was an exhibition
drill by Company A, First Regiment of
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
composed of members of the parlor and
officered by Mae O'Connor, captain;
Annie McDonough first and Nora Non
nerhah * second lieutenants. The ap
pearance-of the- company elicited a
great'deal of applause. On the second
Tuesday in December this parlor gave
an "atitiome" to the members of Com
pany O. League of the Cross Cadets,
as" a -compliment to Captain Thomas
O'D'ay, the drillmaster . of the new
company of La .Vespero. During the
evening the members of this company,
through'Corporal Miss A. Lastein, pre
sented Captain O'Dtry ! a diamond-set
locket in recognition of his services.
The mother, of Captain O'Day was the
guest of 4 honor ; that evening. Major Jo
seon ¦ Wesplear of the League of the
FRATERNALISTS WHO ARE
ADVANCING THE INTER
ESTS OF THEIR ORDERS.
PARIS. Dec. 19.— The Paris newa,
papers are giving publicity to the foi
lowing addressed to the editor: "The
sisters of the unhappy Queen Draga
offer for sale the following objects: A
diamond diadem worn by the Queen at
her wedding: a bracelet, with diamond 3
and emeralds. , a wedding present from
the Emperor of Russia; a diadem with
a veil of the Servian costume; a Ser
vian costume with earrings with dia
monds and pearls. Briatoni Peirovitch.
nee Lounievilta, Pattonkofer Strasse 37.
Munich:
Draea's Sister in Want.
Last week Noble Grand Arch Beck,
accompanied by Grand Secretary Mar
tinoni. Grand Treasurer Horn. Grand
Marshal. Antonovlch. Grand Trustees
Wedemeyer and SIchel, Supreme Rep
resentative Goetze, Past Supreme Arch
Schord and # Past Noble Grand Arch
Bahrs, visited the local German groves
in Joint session. After an examination
of business methods and Instructive
talks by the officers named there was a
collation and more speeches for the
good of the order.
The , noble grand T arch , and other
grand officers during the week visited
officially.- the grove at San Rafael and
the two . groves at ¦ Santa Rosa.
The class .initiation ' for the Druid
esses ofithis city, held, in Union Square
Hall, on the nfght of December 16, was
a great success and reflects credit upon
all who worked for the attainment of
the result secured, which" was the ad
mission into the order of more than
200 strangers. The beautiful degree of\
the order was : conferred by a special *
team, -assisted by twenty flag bearers,
seven members to- form the central
star, and four staff bearers. Druidess
McCottery was the arch druidess of the
team, which was drilled by Grand Sec
retary-Mrs.-A.' Thornhill. and the va
rious " charges . were delivered by the
several, officers with a perfectness and
Noble Grand Arch Beck, U. A. O. D.,
announces the following visitations for
January: 8th, to Olive Grove, Colma;
9th. Grutli- Grove, San Francisco; 14th.
McKinley Grove, San Francisco; 15th,
North End Grove. San Francisco; 16th,
Morvin Grove, Redwood City; 18th,
Vasco da Gama Grove, San Francisco;
22d. Lincoln Grove, San Francisco; 24th,
Serpa.Pinta Grove, West Oakland, and
29th, Concord Grove, Concord.
The reports for the last term received
at the office of Grand Secretary Marti
ncnl show that there are twenty-eight
groves in San Francisco, with an ag
gregate membership of 3460; two chap
ters, with. 125 members, and one Past
Arch "Association, with 200 members.
There are also eight circles of Druid
esses, with a membership of 900. The
banner for numerical strength, held
for many years by Galileo Grove." has
been wrested from that subordinate by
Santa Cruz Grove, which has 360 mem
bers. . r
DRUIDISM.
the A. A. O. N. M. S. by a majority of
106 over a candidate who at the previ
ous election was defeated* by only one
vote. At the last held election 416 bal
lots were counted. Major Filmer is the
youngest member of the shrine ever
elected to the office of potentate. He is
in the prime of life, energetic, and is
remarkable for self-control. He has
been connected with the State Guard
for sixteen years, having, risen to the
rank of major, and has seen service in
the Philippines, j He is a well known
fraternal man and is deeply interested
in Masonry, being a member of the
following named bodies: King . Solo
mon Lodge, F. and A. M.; Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection, Yerba Buena
Chapter Rose Croix, Godfrey de St.
Omar Council of Kadosh. and San
Francisco Consistory of the Ancient
"and Accepted Scottish Rite; a member
of California Chapter, Royal Arch Ma
sons; California Council, Royal and
Select Masons; Golden Gate Command
ery of the Knights Templar and Islam
Temple. He has been a tireless worker
for the Mystic Shrine, has been its
oriental guide, and for some time has
commanded the Arab Patrol, one of
the best drilled fraternal bodies in this
city, and which has accompanied the
temple on its pilgrimages and. gave its
first exhibition drill in this .city during
the visit of the Imperial Council pf the
organization, and later in Eureka, Sac
ramento, Nevada. City, Santa Rosa and
recently in the military novelty tourna
ment. His friends, and they are many,
are of the opinion that during his. term
the Islamites will come to the front.
Major Filmer is also a prominent
member of the Protective Benevolent
Order oi Elks and of the Native Sons
of the (3 olden West.
A new parlor was instituted at Mon
terey December 16 by Alice Leland, D.
D. G. P., assisted by members of El
Pajaro Parlor of Watsonville.
La Paloma Parlor of Gilroy, Placer
of Lincoln and Camella of Anderson
have -been placed on the roll of honor
this year, being the first three to send
complete reports.
Las Lomas Parlor had a pleasing
Christmas party In Armory Hall on
Seventeenth street last Friday. There
was a goo-I attendance and plenty of
fun for all who attended. Santa Claus
distributed many nice presents. ¦ ¦
Calaveras Parlor has appointed Jen
nie A. Ohlerich, Eleanor W. Garms,
Lena C. Moore. Alicia A. Nunan, Josie
C. Budde, Emma White, Sophie Grin
slngher and Emma Muller a committee
to arrange. for a grand ball to be given
in Native Sons' Hall Janury 12.
A new parlor will soon be instituted
by Past Grand President Mary E. Till
man at Occidental, in Sonoma County.
Cross Cadets staff delivered an inter
esting address, after wheih there were
songs, games and dancing.
On the night that Grand President
Finkeldey will visit Piedmont Parlor in
Oakland the members propose to pre
sent her with a large class of candi
dates. The members of this very active
parlor, whose motto is "We never
cease working for. the order," is. alive
to the fact that they want four dele
gates at th* next Grand Parlor session
arid they are all working to ' secure
enough-members to entitle them to that
number of representatives.
. Unity Lodge of the Ancient Ordet
of United Workmen has elected the fol
lowing namt'd as officers for the ensu
ing term: A. W. Tuggey, master work
man; George A. Kitterman, foreman;
J. McAllen. v overseer; W. A. Hanna,
guide: G. Karski, inside watchman; J.
F. Sternberg, outside watchman; P. A.
Smith, trustee. This lodge will give an *
entertainment and dance for its mem
bers, their families and friends Decem
ber 29 in its lodgeroom in Elks' Hall.
The Grand Lodges of Ohio, Tennes
see, Maine and "West Virginia have
adopted the new plan of rates, making
fifteen grand jurisdictions that have
adopted it so far. Other jurisdictions
will take action in the matter this
month.
The corporate directors have offered
$1000 in cash prizes, varving in amount
from $100' to $3, for extension of the or
der from December 1 to March 31.
Stockton Lodge held a meeting last
week, the largest in years, and passed
a vote of confidence in the order.
Carnation Lodge of the Degree of
Honor had a pa»ty on December IS in
its hall in the Shiels building.
A wrong impression has got abroad
that the jurisdiction of Marsachusetts
has seceded because it passed a law to
pay only the increased guarantee fund
during October, November an*l Decem
ber. The Grand Lodge of that State
will hold another meeting to legislate
for next year. f.v
The grand recorder reports an un
usual number of reinstatements.
The tenth anniversary celebration by
the Past Masters' Association of the
institution of that organization was one
of the most pleasing gatherinzs of
"have been" presiding officers of local
ledges ever held in thi3 city. There
were about 200 present, and a large
number of the past masters of Alameda
were* present by invitation. There were
a number" of addresses calculated to
arouse enthusiasm for the organization,
the speakers being Past Supreme Mas
ter Workman Jordan, Grand Master
Browning. Grand Organizer Freeman.
Past Grand Masters Danforth and
Barnes, Grand Recorder Spencer. Grand
Medical Examiner Mayon, president of
the Alameda County Association.
There were also musical selections by
the California Quartet and quaint songs
by Grand Receiver Sam Booth. The
association has elected the following
named as officers for the current term:
Sam Booth, president; C. T. Spencer,
vice president; F. J. MaguJre, secre
tary; E. A. Smith, financial secretary;
Peter Abrahamson, treasurer; H. J.
Grimshaw, guardian, and R- H. O'nea,
sergeant at arms.
% THE WORKMEN.
and table, also a gold match safe ap
propriately inscribed, as a token of ap
preciation of having been not only a
worshipful but a worthy, master. At
the banquet, at which there were pres
ent 146 members of the lodge and A.
H. Larsen, Dr. R. D. Smith, Rev. Jacob
Nieto, J. C. Hughes, F. Onslow, E. W.
Tucker, Henry A.Ranft and George T.
Phelps as special guests, there was
vocal music by the Masonic Quartet
and Robert E. Saxe. addresses .by Past
Masters Theo H. Macdonald, Thomas
Trebell and W. A. T. Agard. There was
also a most eloquent address by Rev.
Dr. Nieto, who taught the lesson of the
Occident.
The installation of officers of Crcek
ett Lodge, F. and A. M., was held in the
Masonic Temple December 16 by Wor
shipful Master Joshua B. Roberts, as
sisted bv Past Master H. F. Chase as
marshal of ceremonies. The ceremony
was attended %vith that pomp and im
pressiveness that always marks Ma
sonic installations. The new officers
are: Harry Newhoff, worshipful mas
ter: George W. Geauquc, 3nior, and
William Kahn, junior warden; Richard
H.« McPherson, secretary; Louis M.
Thierbach. treasurer; Peter Harder,
marshal; John P. Court, senior, and A.
P. Heise, junior deacon; O. L. Bruns
wig and H. McD. Cameron, stewards;
J. E. Hunt, tyler, and D. M. Lawrence,
organist. The ceremony was followed
by the presentation -by Past Master
Charles Louis Peter Marais to retir
ing Master Roberts of a beautiful dia
mond studded jewel rnblematic of the
order and his rank therein. To this
the recipient made an eloquent re
sponse. This was followed by a march
to the banquet hall, where 250 partook
of the hospitality of the lodge. During
the repast there were musical selections
by an orchestra under the leadership
of Leo Bruck. a member of the lodge.
Xhere were also vocal selections by the
Crockett Lodge Quartet. Louis L. Solo
mons was the toastmaster. Those who
responded to toasts were G. W. Frick,
D. S. Hirshberg. M. Rosenthal, N. Brit
tan, C. L. P. Marais, Postmaster
Parsons and Harry Newhoff. Crockett
is one of the oldest lodges in the juris
diction and numbers among its mem
bers some of the best known citizens
of San Francisco-. H is, as it always
has been, in a most prosperous condi
tion.
The forty-third installation of officers
of Oriental Lodge took place Decem
ber 15 in St. John's Hall, Masonic Tem
ple, in the presence of a large number
of the members. The ceremony was
by William Robert I 3 Campbell, the
retiring master, assisted by William
GHchrist. P. M.' - marshal^
The new officers are: Henry Edward
Pennell, worshipful- master; Richard
Cornelius Jewell, senior warden; Nor
ton Chamberlin Wells, Junior warden;
George Howard Thompson, treasurer;
Adolphus Skinner Hubbard, secretary;
Rev. Samuel 1 James Lee, chaplain;
Frank Chapman Martin, marshal;
Clarence Walker Do'bie, senior deacon;
Arthur Selby Nelson, Junior deacon;
Oscar Penn Hicks and Robert Roddy
Moody, stewards; 'Elmer Duncan
Roach, tyler. -
After the close of th'e.lojtee there was
a banauet at the Palacc^where there
were responses and interesting ad
dresses by Pv. C. Jewell, T. MV-Penwell,
W. C. Ralston, J6hn H. Gray and Col
onel Beck. There were songs and music
and the presentation of a jewel to W.
R. L. Campbell, the rearing master.
H. E. Pennell was the toastmaster.
During the repast R. C. Ayers-enter
tained with a witty monologue.
California Lodge of Perfection - No.
10, A. and A. S. R., has sent a notice
to the "California Bodies" of the Val
ley of San Francisco relative to the
building of a temple for these bodies
on the property -on Post street, oppo
site Union square. It is proposed to
issue 800 bonds of the par value of $100
each, with interest at 4 per cent, to
run ten years, the money- so derived to
be used as a building fund. The bonds
are to be subject to recall in such
amounts and at such time," from year
to year, as the resources and revenue
of the bodies will justify. If the bonds
are subscribed for and the payment
therefor shall be , 10 per cent of face
value monthly, then the work of.build
ing the proposed temple will commence
early next year. -
ceremonial pomp such as has never be
fore been witnessed in this order. It
was a grand object lesson to the offi
cers and members of the circle who
occupied the galleries, teaching them
how to conduct initiations in the circle
rooms. After the initiation of the can
didates and the proclamation by Grand
Arch Druidesa Louise Zazzi that the
strangers had been duly initiated into
the order through the several circles in
which they had placed application
there followed an address by the grand
arch druidess and dancing.
At a recent entertainment in Wash
ington Scuare Hall there was a vote
for the most popular drufdess and the
laziest druid in the hall. The prize for
the former was awarded to Frances J.
Horn and the latter to A. E. Hall, both
of Boadicca Circle.
The following named were publicly
installed as the officers of Oakland
Chapter, Order of the Eastern Star, by
George Albert Cockerton. P. P., as
sisted by Ada Elizabeth Cockerton,
grand Adah, as marshal of ceremonies,
in the presence of a very large number
of people. The new officers ate: Ellen
Rosetta Laughland. matron; Wallace
Covert Price, patron; ¦ Annie Wood
Jackson, associate matron: Venice
Frankie Cushing. secretary (re-elected,
eighth term); Nellie Bliss James, treas
urer; Caroline Foster Emery, conduct
ress; Jessie Margaret Ellis, associate
conductress; Amelia Theresa Kuss,
Marry Petty, Georgia Wofileum. Mar
garet Kohler and Laura Anderson,
points of the star; Kate Henry Mc-
Grew, warder; Priscilla Jannie Dakes,
sentinel; George Albert Cockerton,
chaplain; Edith Mehitable, marshal,
and Emily Eda Poulter, organist, re
elected, seventh year. The music in
cidental to the ceremony was delightful
and was under the direction of Mrs.
Charles Thomas Poulter. The vocalists
were Messrs. Poulter, Williams, Taylor
and Mesdames Wesley. Edna Riley,
Mrs. Charles Poulter, Gladys Dunn and
Maude London. Mrs. Poulter presided
at the organ and Mrs. London at the
piano. Mrs. Batchelder, th? retiring
matron, was presented a handsome dia
mond set jewel star and the retiring
patron, Mr. Cockerton, was presented a
valuable pin of his rank in the order.
Congratulations and a social hour fol
lowed the ceremonies of the evening.
The officers of Unity Chapter were
installed in Alcatraz Hall, West Oak
land, last week in the presence of a
large number of people. The installa
tion was followed by a choice pro
gramme of music, previous to which
there was the presentation of a hand
some jewel to the retiring matron, Hel
en Elizabeth Edwards, and a past pa
tron's jewel to John Charles Kryster,
the retiring patron. The officers who
are to serve for the current year are
Emma Lida Sanborn, matron; David
Elcazer Parker, patron; Ella Taylor,
associate matron; Louise Thomas, con
ductress; Maria Barnum, associate
\onductress; Tillie Elizabeth Hartman.
Pearl Robinson, Katie Peacock, Mary
Olive Hoyt and Emma Blanchard,
points of th» star; Belle Hunter, ward
er: Elizabeth Dowell Holt, sentinel;
William Gardiner Davison, chaplain;
Ida May McGuire, marshal, and Emma
Frances Hawkett, organist.
M. Frances Fahrenholtz has been ap
pointed marshal of Golden Gate Chap
ter.
has never been surpassed in the order
in this city, particularly the work of
the retiring matron, which at the time
for congratulations was highly com
mended. The new officers who are to
rule for the current term are: Theresa
Fredericks, matron; Minnie Sophie
Reed, associate matron; Sadie Julie
Kahn, secretary; Stella Kendall, treas
urer; Meta Wolters, conductress; Ethel
M. Schantz. associate conductress;
Anna Schumacher. Sarah A. Miller,
Hilda Block. Othella Hendrlckson and
Jennie Brandt, points of the central
star; Rose Lewald. warder; Mary
Hammond Lewis, sentinel; Dr. William
Amos Atwood. chaplain; Mrs. Lizzie
Atwood. marshal. The music incident
al to the ceremony was rendered by
the Press Club Quartet, assisted by
Carolyn R. Blumenberg, Olga Wagner.
Henry Mauser and Olive Ward. After
the proclamation there was presented
to Mrs. Atwood, the retiring matron,
a magnificent star set with six dia
monds in recognition of the most suc
cessful manner in which she conducted
the chapter during the time she pre
sided. Probably no officer has retired
this term from the office of matron with
better wishes for future prosperity in
life than Mrs. Atwood. Dr. Atxyood.
the retiring patron, "was remembered
by the chapter by the presentation to
him of a costly crystal ornament for
the home. The retiring matron and
patron then jointly presented the mem
bers of the retiring star a beautiful
painted souvenir, each bearing the
flower of the point represented during
the last year, the handiwork of Mrs.
Atwood who is an artist with the brush
of no mean merit. The ceremonies of.
the evening were followed by a social
hour.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Harmony
Chapter for the current term by retir
ing Matron Elizabeth Virginia Gould,
assisted by Margaret Kelton. P. M.. as
marshal: Virginia Lee Lewis, worthy
matron: Frank Henry Kerrigan., worthy
patron; May Frances Carter, associate
matron; Eva May Garrison, secretary;
Ruth Chandler, treasurer; Carrie Louise
Lucas, conductress; Emily Harriet
Crackbon, associate conductress; Dale
Warford. chaplain: Estella May Le
land. marshal: Alice Eva Severance,
organist; Anna Ruth Cornehl. warder;
Annie E. Emerson, sentinel; Viola
Hauser. Adah; Emma Charlotte Krone.
Ruth: Nettie Cator Mangrum, Esther;
Cordie Wetjen Stunenberg, Martha;
Lila May Kimball. Electa.
Never in the history of the chapter
was the installation so well performed
as on that occasion, the charges of the
installing officer being delivered with
the proper expression and much feel
ing. At the close of the ceremony there
was an expression of regret at the re
tirement of Mrs. Gould from the office
of matron, she having not only served
well her own term, but the major por
tion of the term of Mrs. Mary Ella
Klein, who shortly after her installa
tion left this city for a tour of the
world. She was then presented a most
beautiful emblem of the order in the
shape of a diamond adorned star, and
in addition to this she was presented
several other tokens of fraternal es
teem. Adolph W. Beedle, the retiring
patron, was presented a patron's jewel.
Both officers responded feelingly. One
of the presents to Mrs. Gould was a
beautiful miniature picture from her
personal friends in the chapter. During
the evening Mrs. Klein rendered vocal
selections, which were received with
great applause and followed by the pre
sentation to her of a large bunch of
roses.
One of the most interesting installa
tions in the Eastern Star during the
season was that of the officers of Cali
fornia Chapter in Golden Gate Hall.
The work by the retiring matron was
in a manner tha^ won for her many
kind words of commendation. The
new officers are Isabella Woodside, ma
tron; Dr. Charles Boston, patron; Al
bertine Christine Cordes. associate ma
tron; Isadora Horton, secretary; Car
rie May Duke, treasurer; Emma Grace
Bus well, conductress; Emily Wood
Ferguson, associate conductress; Wine
f red Turpin, Leonore * Worth, Alice
Bennett Campbell and Annie Caroline
Korts. points of the star; Grace N. Sea
man, warder; Louis Adolph Steiger,
chaplain: Mary Lewis Hammond, sen
tinel; H. M. Nuckolls, marshal; Mar
garet Kathlyn Hewitt, organist. Upon
the termination of the principal event
of the evening Mrs. Mary Wittman. re
tiring matron, was. on behalf of the
chapter, presented- with a beautiful etar
cf the order set with large diamonds
and suspended from a bar of glittering
gems. H. D. Loveland. the retiring pa
tron, was presented •with a fine clock
in order that he may keep time on him
eelf. To the retiring members of the
central star the retiring matron pre
sented each a belt and buckle and to
each of the retiring officers the retiring
patron presented a highly decorated
cup and saucer as a souvenir of most
pleasant associations. Mrs. Woodside.
the new matron, has for same time
been a most earnest worker on behalf
of the chapter and she expects during
her term to extend its limits and add
much to the social feature. In this she
will be ably assisted by Dr. Boxton.
the patron.
John Tcnningsen. a prominent mem
ber of California Chapter, while riding
en the Presidio drive, met with an ac
cident which has confined him to his
heme for some time. The horse he was
driving shied at the approach of an au
tomobile, careened the buggy and he
T.as thrown heavily to the ground.
The officers of San Francisco Chapter
will be installed in Steinway Hall, Eiks
building, to-morrow night.
The installation of the officers oi
Beu!ah Chapter for the current term
tvas conducted iji private in the pres
ence of a large number of members of
the ord*r. The ceremony was con
ducted in a most admirable manner by
Mrs. Anna E. Smale. retiring matron,
a>=«=i«ted by Past Matron Helen Seeman
as" marshal. The new officers are Mrs.
Mary E- Donoho. matron: Albert Daniel
snn.'patron: Geneva Williams, associate
matron; Mary Todd. secretary; Mary
R.ahlmann. treasurer: Emma W ede
meyer conductress; Olive Daniels, as
sociate conductress: Catner-ne Bayley.
Annie Nealon. Josie Rahlmann. Anna
McDonald and Annie Beatty, points of
the star; A. Schultz, warden; Juha
Williams, sentinel; Fred Mayer, chap
lain; Annie E. Smale. marshal, and E.
Fitchen. organist. After the ceremony
there was the presentation by John S.
Partridge on behalf of the chapter of
a beautiful and costly jewel to Mrs.
Smale. the retiring matron, in recog
nition cf her zealous and earnest ef
forts for thf advancement of the chap
ter durinc the time she was in office:
a past patron's jewel to F. Mayer, the
retirir.e patron, and a handsome cut
glass bowl to Mrs. George L. Darling
for her kindness in acting a? organist
for the chapter during: the past year.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats was
presented a pretty cut glass dish.
There were addresses by Past Grand
Associate Patrons Darling and Mill-
V-rry and Past Grand Pation Gray,
after which there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall. wTiere a supper
vas partaken of and much was said in
f h<">rt speeches for the good of the order
end the prosperity of Beulah Chapter.
The installation of the officers of
Mission Chapter for the current term
•n-ns conducted by Mrs. Lizzie J. Chris
tenson, the r^tirin^ matron, assisted
by Flora Mae McDonald. P. M.. as
marshal. Both received many words
of commendation for the dignity and
:mpressiveness in which they con
ducted the beautiful ceremonies. This
chapter on this occasion followed the
time established rule of having the
installation ceremony as part of the
business meeting and admitting only
members of the order. During the
evening there was read a communi
cation from the grand secretary, Kate
• J. Wiilats. announcing that Mrs.
Christenson, the retiring matron, had
been appointed deputy district grand
matron for all the chapters of San
Francisco. The announcement was
received with loud applause, as every
member was pleased that the sterling
qualities of Mrs. Christenson had
been appreciated by the flowers of the
order. Under good of the order the
retiring matron was presented with a
costly, beautiful jewel, and Retiring
Patron Richard Herring was present
ed with a beautiful jewel of his rank.
This was followed by D. Oliver Jr.
presenting to Mrs. Christenson on be
half of the eisters and brothers, who
love her in a fraternal degree that
may have been equaled, but never ex
celled, a beautifully decorated choc
r olate set, after which the members of
the retiring central star presented
her a. handsome nut bowl and a
framed picture of the members of the
star in a group. Then there was the
presentation to the members of the
star by a committee of five, headed
by the retiring patron, of a beautiful
pin to each, the pin being symbolical
of the office she held. Under the di
rection of the now officers Mission
Chapter, it is believed, will continue
to advance and prosper. The officers
for the current term are Dr. Louisa
Bacon Deal, matron; Harry Maun
droll, patron; Hester Bell Oliver, as
sociate matron; Jocie Clark Backus,
secretary; Mary Zihn Thorp, treas
urer; Lottie Jane Reiss, conductress;
Margaret Bell Snell, conductress;
Mary Aline McPhun, Clara Hall
Brown, Carrie Mcigs Janes, Emma
Amanda Burgen and Eulila Treadwell,
joints of the central star; Crete Ar
nctte Crockett, warder; James Ed
ward Parmelee. sentinel; Edwin Fran
< is Treadwell. chaplain; Sarah Eliza
beth Coiner, marshal, and Hattie
rifchcr Christenson, orjjanist.
The installation in public of the offi
cers of Olive Branch Chapter In Steln
wajr Hall was witnessed by heariy 700
persons on the evening of the second
Monday in December. It was without
exception one cf the most beautiful
renditions, of the installation work of
the order.' Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, the re
tiring matron, assisted by Past Ma
tron Mrs. Rose Marian Pistolesi as
marshal of ceremonies, rendering the
uvrk with a degree of perfection that
59
- • . • . . - .
riii SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20,-1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMQuite the, newest' fad is that of hav-'
ing a valuable dog's horoscope cast
and nativity written out, according to
his birthday. A prominent society wo
man, who owns fine St. Bernards, in
telling r me her. reasons /or \ accepting
this new' fancy, said: . "It insures the
better development of their health and
general conditions. It enables one to
know their characteristics minutely, tp
better understand those who are
speechless and to help them . in their
unfavorable moments; also what
months the malefic planets affect them
and when/they are liable to die, in or
der to strive to avert the danger."
Let it be well understood that when a
society woman does not send her pet
to a bench show it is not because she
possesses none sufficiently valuable to
win medals, but simply because it is
not a very good thing for the dog. She
contends that a valuable animal can
contract pneumonia, and other diseases
generally upsetting his health compet
ing for a prize, when she is already
aware of his true worth and does not
care whether the public has the same
opinion or not.
Mrs. Francis J. Carolan enjoys the
distinction of owning the smallest dog
in the world— "Rosette"— whose favor
ite abiding place is her muff. Even
Mrs. Pat Campbell's dog does not com
pare with it. Mrs. William H. Crocker
arid her sister. Princess
have the only Pomeranians in this part
of the country. This breed of dog is
the prevailing fad in New York and
England, especially London. Mrs.
Crocker and the Princess paid a fabu
lous price for these canines at a Goth
am bench show in 1901.
Mrs. T. H. Williams is the proud pos
sessor of two Boston bull terriers whose
sister was sold for 53600. These dogs
were recently presented to the family
by W. A. Pinkerton of Chicago, who is
fond of good dogs, having twenty val-
ribbons at bench shows. -
With the approach of the Yuletide,
when all the world rejoices, the society
woman, in a plain little -tailor-made
prnwn. is seen flying along the busiest
streets and devoting every spare mo
ment to her Christmas shopping. She
is taking Father Time by the forelock
this year, for never before in the his
tory of San Francisco has the rush
begun so early. All are intent upon
buying their presents early to avoid a
late rush, and will in consequence buy
more than ever, as they are certain to
find some other things to get at the
elf-venth hour. The streets are thronged
•with hurrying people and the stores
are crowded with a bewildering array
of gifts, but in all the confusion miladl
will not forget to purchase something
for each one in whom she. Is interested.
She loosens the pursestrings with true
Western generosity and provides glad
surprises, not only for her own loved
ones, but looks out for the less fortu
nate children who otherwise would not
have much of a Christmas. Nor are
the pets at home left out of the festivi
ties. On Christmas morning scores of
faithful dogs will receive their presents
together with the other members of the
household. They. may not know what
It all means, and it is theirs not to
question why, but results count for
most with a canine. The sumptuous
Christmas dinner they ¦ will receive
would be just as much appreciated any
other day in the year, and the dog is
pot at^all particuTar r 'about waiting an
t'lher year for the next.
'• However, the fact that it is more
blessed to give than to receive assures
.the society woman of ample compensa-.
tion for her thoughtfulness. Devotion
is always good to see, and if
she has enough kindliness for all of her
family and friends and pet animals, as
well, then is miladi twice" blessed. '
Let us look into the dog's stocking
BY SALLY SHARP.
PROMINENT SOCIETY WOMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO WILL NOT FOR
GET THEIR PRIZE-WINNING DOGS AND CATS. WHEN SANTA CLAUS
COMES AROUND WITH HIS LOAD OF PRESENTS FOR LITTLE ONES.
BOERS ARE PLANNING
TO COLONIZE MEXICO
. . .
Arrangements Are Being Made to DIs^
tribute Two Million Aeres Among
South Africans.
LONDON. Dec. I9.-General Ben
jamin Viljoen. the former Boer com
mander, sailed for New York on the
steamship Umbria for. the purpose of
completing arrangements for the estab
lishment of a Boer colony In Mexico.
He savs that he has already secured
S5.000 acres and expects to get 2,000.000
more later on, in Northern. Mexico,
where the climate closely resembles
that of the Transvaal.
General Viljoen gives a discouraging
account of the situation of the Boera In
South Africa at the present time. He
says that It was the policy of the lead
ers after the war to encourage, the
burghers to remain In the country in
the hope of securing local self-govern
ment, but the conditions render it im
possible for them to remain longer. The
country has been devastated and cattle
and horse diseases seem to make its
Immediate recovery impossible.,'-
Arrangements have been completed
for the reproduction on -a^ large* -s^cale
at the St. Louis Exposition next year
of the principal battles in the South Af-i
rican war. An attempt will b«j;mad3^
to preserve the absolute historical ac
curacy of famous engagements. Artists
are now painting the scenery for the
representation of . the South -African
country; There will be f ram 700 to 1000
actual participants on both sides.
Mrs. W. S. Leake gave a little after
noon tea on Wednesday. at the Palace.
It was entirely informal, a dozen girls
being asked by. telephone to ' come in
for a cup of tea. The guests were seat
ed at small tables amid the palms of
the Palace court. The delicate shaded
candelabra shed a soft light over the
Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs, who is back
again in her old home, is wearing some
beautiful gowns and many are the necks
craned to see them When she appears.
She looked extremely, well at a lunch
eon a few days ago in an elaborate
gown of black lace' over white silk.-
The edict has eone forth in Gotham
that hereafter it will be the correct
thing to go to the Orient for the late
winter Instead of going to the South
or to Europe. Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish is
one of the enthusiasts and she can'pop
ularize anything. If they arrive too
late for the beauty of the chrysanthe
mums tourists will enjoy the plum blos
som season or stay for the cherry blos
soms. This fad will liven San Fran
cisco society considerably,' as the trav
elers will stop here en route.
One large'hotel in the Orient is being
improved and made over to -suit the
luxurious taste of New Yorkers. It is
quite the thing in Japan for ladies to
drink highballs in the^afternopn and
it is not probable that the Newport set
will attempt to change this precedent.
Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs is being exten
sively entertained in'the East and is
not expected b^k, until next year.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott is still in Eu
rope, but the home here is not closed,
for Mr. Scott entertained very hospita
bly at a dinner dance last week.
mas day will be able to preside, over
her devoted little family at dinner in
her usual charming manner.
(figuratively ppeaking) and see what
Santa Claus brings him.' Collars, of
courpp, are a foregone conclusion, and
of these there is an endless variety.
Mr*. Lowry S. Adams Jr. has already
given her famous Great Dane a hand-
Bome collar of medals, set together by'
a Jeweler in a most artistic manner.
The dogs' bootmakers in Paris are
making more rubbers than ever before
this year. Dressing a dog's feet for
wet weather is believed by many to be»
a stitch in time, savins a bill at the
veterinary surgeon's later on.
This fad is being more cordially re
ceived by the owners of valuable dogs
than is the French woman's present
leaning toward fancy shoes for her
French poodle. This extravagance will
not appeal to the logical American
mind sufficiently to become frequent in
this country, although some Califor-,
nians who have lived In Paris have
been striving to introduce it here.'
There is a dog: not 1000 miles from
San Francisco that wears moccasins
when in the country to keep "ticks"
out of hts feet. It is generally supposed
that doers are ashamed of being "rag
ged out." but this particular canine
actually lines up and waits to have his
moccasins put on before going out of
doors. i'H
When the French woman of to-day
wishes her poodle to put on a good deal,
of drs she orders a coat. for him at the
habit-maker'?, with plenty ' of sleeves
and a tiny pocket for his handkerchief
— I should say. mouchoir.
A gold or silver bracelet with bangle
on which is engraved. propej; ; i'de'nlifrea-!
tion Is regarded by many fair dog-,
owners as :t vast improvement over the
collar, and much, safer for the -dog. -"
Mrs. Sol .Lent (ivho was Miss Hooper)
introduced this idea in San Francisco
some years ago by getting a bangle for
, her _black French .noodle— the famous,
one that walked off with so many blue
Mrs. J. Kruttschnitt is slowly recov
ering -from her severe accident. For
six weeks has Mrs. Kruttschnitt been
confined to the house. I but can now
walk from room to room and by.Chrlst-
W. H. Crocker and Willie Bourne
have,gone. r to Europe for the holidays.
Each •'will meet his wife in Paris and
spent Christmas, there.
Prfncess Poniatowski is spending the
winter in Paris. The Prince is in New
York, where be is being much enter
tained. When last heard from hje was
the guest '. of i the . George Goulds ¦ : at
their country home, Georgian Court.:
Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs, Mrs. Rafferty
and Mrs. W. H. McKittrick have fine
dachshunde that look as much alike as
do the RIngling Brothers. Mrs. Mc-
Kittrick has thirty of this breed at her
ranch near Bakersfield.
Mrs. de Ruyter (formerly Miss Van
Ness) has two very famous collies.
Miss Eth^l Hagar's bulldog Nifty is
well known to the public. He appears
In a massive brass-riveted collar that
vies with his facial expression In sig
nifying-danger. . Nifty doesn't think
anything of going to Del Monte for the
summer months. In fact, would be very
unhappy if left at home.
Miss Charlotte Wilson, the younger
sister of Miss Emily Wilson, is devoted
to dogs, as are also Miss Elsa Draper
and Mrs. Frederick Palmer, a daugh
ter of the Hiram Smiths. Mrs. .William
Whittier owns some fine specimens and
Is authority upon this subject.
Miss MaiiSe Smith is devoted to a
collie, two fox terriers, a black and tan
and an Italian- hound. She is president
of the Animals' Refuse at 2514 Six
teenth street and works enthusiastical
ly to find homes for homeless dogs. •
uable ones of his own. and takes great
pleasure in raising them to give his
frk-nds.
increasing day by day, but its power
is becoming of vital importance in the
lead it takes in the affairs of la mode.
At one time Paris only was listened
to, and America followed blindly in its
train with the rest of the world. Now
Paris may decide that red hair shall
be fashionabiejbut the American wom
en in London have been pleased to re
volt against this decree and are mak
ing an organized stand against the
pernicious habit .of dyeing the hair.
They are alsp showing to society at
large the beauties, of naturally gray
hair, especially with a sprinkling of
soft white powder upon it.
Consuelo, the Duchess of Marlbor
ough, is one of the prime movers in
this natural colored-hair crusade, and
others are taking it up, with much se
cret delight that their day of dyeing
and redyeing, touching up and toning
down the coloring of their hair will
perhaps be over forever. Last season
American women wero beginning to
"let their hair go," the expression used
in connection with this new order of
things, and the return to town this
winter will see tremendous Increase
in the number of gray heads.
The country season has been oppor
tunity for the first trial of the new
law, for the initial stages are by far the
most trying from the point of becom
ingness. There . are drawbacks to the
beauty of an inch of gray hair next to
the *scalp while the remainder is a
black fading off into green, or a red
dish brown with, patches of tow color.
The rush of modern life and the
steady increase of - "nerves" have
caused many a society girl of 25 years
.to. And gray hairs becoming so numer
ous that dyeing of some sort has been
thought necessary. It is evidently the
sham of the whole thing that did not
appeal to the- American women. No
one was ever taken In. I Even the most
unobservant, merman could point out
dyed hair by the patchy appearance
that would be given to the coiffeur a
little time after the dyeing had taken
place. would, of course, indicate
to the owner that the dyeing should
be redone, but the evil day was always
LONDON, Dec 19.— Not only is the
American ' element in English .society
Consuelo, the Duchess of 3Iarlborough,
a -Leader. In the Crusade Against
DSelng and Toning* -' _
GRAY HAIR TO BE THE FAD
" "OF LONDON* FASHIONABLES
extensively while she was abroad, and
her voice, which was always sweet and
melodious, has developed wonderfully
.while she was away. x
cisco has arrived in London, where
she hopes to remain some weeks visit
ing friends newly arrived from the
States. Mrs. Crane has been on the
Continent for the last six months with
her daughter, Mrs. John P. Wallace of
San Francisco, who has just returned
to America, stopping some days In
New York at the home of her aunt.
After leaving London Mrs. Crane in
tends to go to Paris for the winter un
less the weather proves too cold (and
a good skating winter, which means in
Paris bitterly cold weather, is antici
pated), when a journey will be taken
to the Riviera.
.Lester tyaynard of San Francesco
has arrived in London from Africa
and is staying at the Hotel Cecil. Mr.
Maynard has been traveling for some
considerable time and is on his way
to the United States via Paris, in
which city he Intends to stay some two
or three weeks.
home in Sacramento. Miss Brecken
feld frequently comes to San Francis
co, where she has many strong friends
and is busily entertained. She is of
the wild rose type, with fluffy, dark
hair, clear gray eyes and is decidedly
petite. .-- •
Miss Elizabeth and Miss Marion
Huntington entertained their . young
friends at their home dance as charm
ingly as though they had presided over
the household all of their lives instead
of having responsibilities only in the
absence of their mother, Mrs. H. *E.
Huntington, in the East. Their guests
were: Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss
Margery Gibbons,- Miss Christine Pom
eroy, Miss Lucy Gwin CoIeman,"Miss
Margaret- Wilson, Miss- Helen ..Bailey,
Miss Hazel King. Miss Elsie Dorr, Miss
Ardclia Mills, Miss. Elsie Tallant. Miss
Ruth. Allen, Miss Elizabeth Allen, Miss
Murison. CaDtain Emerson LWarfleld,
Broekway Metcalfe, Dr. Morton Gib
bons, Dr. Dunbar, Lieutenant Shinkle.
William Gpldsborough,, Sherith Schell,
John Young, Will Breeze, Philip Pas
chel. • . . .
Mr. and Mrs. John C Mooney, who
were married on October 21 at the cath
edral, are spending the winter at the
Richelieu, and will probably remain
there until their new home is : built.
Mrs. Mooney, who was Miss Nellie
Glynn, is an attractive bride and the
favorite niece of Judge Robert Tobin,
to whom she was most devoted during
his long illness, "in fact, she held her
recent post-nuptial receptions at the
Tobin home, 1380 'Geary street. She
was a picture in .her wedding gown of
beautiful point lace and liberty- satin,
and quite deserving of the pretty ro
mance which surrounds her. When
pretty Miss Glynn In her early, girlhood
came from Ireland to visit her uncle in
this city shjlleft behind a fond admirer
— John C/.'Mlooney.' ' Mr. ¦ Mooney fol
lowed herto this country with the fixed
intention; of- never going back without
her. After a wait of eleven years per
severance conquered and the wedding
was the happy sequel.
Christmas week will be marked by a
ball that will be to San Francsico what
the Bradley-Martin ball was to New
York. The Leon ' Guggenheims will
give the affair on next Wednesday
evening, wh'en they will certainly take
the palm away from the Bradley-Mar
tins, who have done nothing recently
to warrant their keeping it. The Pal
ace Hotel will be the scene of the ball,
and a delicious extravagance will per
vade every detail of the arrangements.
No expense will be spared in floral dec
orations, which will be "numerous and
costly," like the wedding presents we
read about. There will be not less than
150 guests and not more than . 250, and
the sumptuous supper alone will repre
sent an expenditure of something like
$2000. The guests will include the most
and prominent Jewish fami
lies, and there .will be beautiful gowns,
flashing jewels, representatives of cul
ture .and finance, brilliant £ speeches,
generous hospitality and! a-lavish dis
play. Mr. Guggenheim is president of
Miss Georgie Spieker^— veritable Sa
maritan that she is— has been seen
downtown a good deal of late buying
Christmas things for the waifs in the
Children's- Hospital. She is one of the
Chrysanthemum Auxiliary of the hos
pital board and has the interests of the
little, ones as much at" heart as has '
Mrs. Spieker, who works constantly for
the San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children. As much : of Georgie
Spieker's charming personality Is due
to native grace as to gentle breeding.
She is tall and Glbsonesque, with light
brown hair, wonderful viojetj eyes and
a sympathetic manner. -Her voice is
so soft and magnetic that? she could
become a successful lion tamer without
the least bit of coaching.'. She may 4
have been trying the :taming process
on her father, for he doesn't seem to'
think anything of taking her around"
the world or buying- her automobiles
and Persian lamb and sable cdats. The;
new automobile is .a beauty — a. touring^
car. large . enough to include a few"
friends. Miss Spieker is learning to run -'
the machine herself, but will always"
take a chauffeur along for safety.
Miss Breckenfeld, who ; has been vis- '
itlng • her cousin; Miss Spieker, 'and |
incidentally, | doing some Christmas'
shoppiner. has Just returned to her
One of the most unique and enjoyable
dinners given in this city for many a
day was the one given ljy Mrs. T. H.
Williams recently in honor of her hus
band's birthday. A ""rambling grape
vine was strewn over the table and
beneath each cluster of grapoa was an
electric light. After every course there
were handsome favors which the hos
tess had picked up in the East during
her recent visit there. She also brought
with her for the dinner funny fancy
dress costumes for her guests which
caused no end of merriment throughout
the evening. Miss Steele was dressed
as a Japanese man, and so carefully
made up that no one would have recog
nized her. Mrs. Steele,' the hostess'
mother, wore a Liouis XV costume.
Mrs. William Shiels was a Salvation
Army lass from "The Belle of New
York." Dr. Shiels was an .Irish gentle
man. Charles Paxton was Hans and
Louis .Lessok was Gretchen. William
A. Pinkerton of Chicago impersonated
a big policeman. Mr. Steele was a
Turk". Dalton Harrison was a Scotch
man. A. Andrew represented a walk
ing delegate. Mrs. A/ Andrew was
costumed as a trained nurse. Mrs. Wil
liams wore an effective jockey costume
with colors of yellow and black and
Mr. Williams was King Dodo.
happy faces at the tables and a pleas
ant hour was spent. The hostess en
tertained her guests with the sweet
cordiality and vivacity of mariner for
which she is widely known and loved.
To say that she is tacifui would be
putting it mildly.
Among Mrs. Leake's guests wore Miss
Georgie Spieker, Miss Brickenfeld of
Sacramento, Miss Bessie Gowan, Miss
Chandler of Washington. Miss May
Sharon, Miss Rachel- Hovey, Miss
Blanche Dwinelle. Mrs. Fuller and Mrs.
Arneal of r_cs Angeles.
the Thirty-three Oil Company in this
city. " The family have been spending
some" time in Europe, and this Is the
first entertaining done since their re
turn. -. , . * .
Mrs. George Howard has just re
turned to San Francisco after a pro
tracted- stay in- Europe. -She^n^f
brought with her some beautiful Fans
creations, and was a charming guest
of honor at the luncheon given for her
last week in a gown of light gray silk.
Mrs. Arneal has returned to her
home in Los Angeles after a delightful
stay in this city, where she was the
guest of Mrs. Fuller (formerly MJss
Daisy Dresbach). ,
• X*'-\- •
Miss Bessie Gowan Is entertaining a
very dear friend. Miss Chandler of
Washington, D. C. Miss Chandler Is
spending the winter on the coast, but
will soon leave for Southern California.
She will not return to Washington un
til zero weather has become a thing of
the past.
. Miss Elsie Sperry will be hostess at
an informal tea this afternoon. •
Mrs. Will Taylor is convalescing from
a serious attack of measles and is now
quite herself again.
• • '•
The ladles, interested in the Cali
fornia Woman's Hospital announce
that their annual donation days will
be to-morrow, December 21, and Tues
day, December 22. Donations of money,
groceries, linen or anything for the use
of the free .ward will be gladly re
ceived either at the store of Goldberg,
Bowen & Co., 232 Sutter street, or at
the hospital, 3118 Sacramento street.
The board of managers is as follows:
Mrs. D. H. Whittemore, president; Mrs.
F. A. Sprague, treasurer; Mrs. F. A.
Bobbin, secretary; Mrs. A. N. Towne.
first vice president; Mrs. Charles Al
exander, second vice president; Mrs.
J. H. Hatch, third vice president; Mrs.
F. J. Carolan, Mrs. A. E. Brooke Rid
ley, Mrs. Morris Meyerfeld Jr., Mrs.
Isaac Hecht, Mrs. I. W. Hellman. Mrs.
J. Hoyt. Mrs. E. E. Park, Mrs. Archi
,bald Kains, Mrs. A.' Chesebrough, di
• rectors.
Mrs. George Flavel, Miss Fla-vel and
Miss Kate Flavel have returned from
Paris and are spending the winter in
San Francisco at the Occidental Hotel.
Miss Kate Flavel studied voice culture
Mrs. Byron G. Crane of San Fran-
put off as long as possible because of
the 111 effects on the hair Itself of the
dyeing process. Electric .light .Is a ter
rlble searcher after truth and bruited
the tale abroad when ... otherwise tt
might have remained unknown. Ami
much hair that was never dyed had the
credit of being artificially touched up,
so general had the system become.
"Why do you bother?" said an Amer
ican society woman to a more timid
English sister. "Why not leave your
hair alone? I think gray hair is pretty.
I'm not 30, but I don't mind having it.
It isn't your hair that makes you look
old; it's your face, /nd if you're be
ginning to get old. doesn't gray hair
just soften down all the wrinkles? I
think women are going to look prettier
all round whan they've let their hair
go and It will certainly keep them from
looking old by saving them all tho
bother of perpetually seeing to their
hair and worrying when they know it
wants doing again, whether any on
else has noticed. I know. I tried it
for two years. That was quite enough
for me.
"It's all very well when you've only
to ring your bell and the coiffeur ar
rives with. everything to do it properly,
but wait till you're miles away from
civilization with a choice party, of im
portant people and you want to look
your best; or. worse still, when you are
on a yacht without any sort of help
and you have to sit up half the night
doctoring your hair. And to think that
you would have to go on with this for
the rest of your life! It's much better,
when you see that you are going gray,
to grip hold of the fact. If you don't
like the 'in-between-time,' when you
are neither one thing nor the other,
just put on a little white powder,
which doesn't hurt the hair, and
which you can brush off at any mo
ment."
The dusting of hair with powder,
which the Anglo-Americans whose hair
is going gray have made so fashiona
ble, is the saving grace of the difficulty,
for dyed hair left to itself is far from
pleasing. The coloring fades off tho
long hair, but not evenly, leaving one
part quite dark in tone when the other
is light, but all presenting a dingy ap
pearance and in marked contrast to
the gray hair rapidly increasing In
length from the roots. The harsh and
stringy appearance of the first gray
hair when left to itself is quite lost
when the coiffure is daintily powdered.
THJi: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, •>' SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
SOCIETY'S CHRISTMAS
FANCIES FADS AND FOIBLES
60DR. R- XELLIS MURPHY .
WEDS MISS AXXE FALLOX
Prominent Young Dentist of This City
Is United in Marriaso to Popu
lar* Y'oung I^ady.
Dr. R. Xellis Murphy and Miss Anne
Fallon were united in marriage yester
day afternoon. The wedding took
place at 2 o'clock in St. Dominic's
Church, corner of Bush and Steiner
streets. The Very Rev. Father Pius
Murphy, uncle of the groom, tied the
matrimonial knot.
None but relatives and intimate
friends of the couple were present at
the event- Dr. E. W. O'Brien of Grass
Valley acted as best man and Mrs.
Kate Besore, sister of the bride, as
bridesmaid.
Dr. Murphy is a well-known dentist
of this city. He is a graduate of the
University of California and ranks
high in the esteem of his fellow
practitioners. He is the son of Mr.
and Mrs. C. NT. Murphy of Gold Hill,
Xev., and a brother of Captain C. N.
Murphy of the Fourteenth Infantry,
now stationed in the Philippines.
Mrs. Murphy is the sister of Mrs.
Kate Eesore of 503 Van Xess avenue
and a graduate of the Dominican Col
lege at San Rafael.
Immediately after the wedding the
bridal party repaired to a downtown
rotisserie and made merry at a wed
ding feast. Mr. and Mrs. Murphy left
last night for an extended visit to the
groom's home in Xevada. On their
return they will take up their resi
dence 979 Golden Gate avenue.
Masses will be celebrated at 5, 6, 7,
8. 9, 10 and solemn high mass at 11
o'clock. At the first mass, the Juvenile
choir under the direction of Miss Maria
Ryan will sing the "Adeste Fideles,"
"Angels We Have Heard on High" and
St. Francis.
Solemn high mass will be sung at .5
o'clock. Low masses will be celebrated
every half hour till 11 o'clock. At 11
o'clock solemn high mass will be cele
brated and the^ermon will be preached
by Rev. T. C. crancy, O. P. An aug
mented choir with orchestral accom
paniment will sing special music under
the leadership of Dr. Henry J. Stewart.
The qrder of masses will be as fol
lows: 6, 6:30, 7, 8, 9, 10:30 o'clock. The
junior choirs will sing at the 6, 7 and 9
o'clock masses. Solemn high mass will
be celebrated at 10:30 o'clock. The Rev.
E. M. Looney will be celebrant. Rev. T.
P. Moran. deacon, and Rev. 'James Mc-
Donald, sub-deason. The sermpn will
be preached by the Rev. T. P. Moran.
St. Charles choir, assisted by a string
orchestra,- will render the following sa
cred music:
Haydn's Second Mass in C; offertory,
"Adeste Fideles"; "Noel" (Adam);
benediction, "O Salutarls" (La Hache);
"Tantum Ergo" (Lambilotte); "Lau
date Dominum (Zingarelli). Soloists-
Sopranos — Mrs. Daisy Keaoie Glllogley,
Miss Margaret Morrell; alto. Miss Kate
Byrne; tenor, F. Schmitz; bassos, A.
McGeorge, H. Emler; organist, Miss
Agnes G. Morton.
St. Dominic'*.
The order of masses will be 5, 5:45,
6:30. 8, 9, 10, and at 11 o'clock solemn
high mass. The sermon will be
preached by Rev. Father Cottle. An
Increased choir will render special mu
sic under the direction of Professor
Roeckel. Benediction of the blessed
sacrament will be held after last mass.
St.. Charles.
St. Brigid's.
At 5 o'clock solemn high mass will be
celebrated. Every half hour thereafter
low mass will be said. The last mass
will be at 10:30 o'clock. A sermon will
be preached and sacred music rendered
by an enlarged choir. In the evening
at 7:30 o'clock there will be solemn de
votions, sermon and benediction of the
blessed sacrament.
There will be masses at 6, 6, 7, 8, 9
and solemn high mass at 11 o'clock. At
the 5 o'clock mass the children's choir
will §lng. Gilsen's Italian . mass will be
rendered at the 11 o'clock services with
the following choir: Soprano, Mrs. Ella
Prankard; contralto, Miss Claire Mc-
Dermott; tenor, Albert Tisot;- basso,
Herbert Bashford, assisted by V. Dev
lin and Joseph Tucker. Mise Mary
Bumstead will be the organist. ¦
St. Boniface's.
St. Agnes Church.
The following /Is the order of ser
vices in the Catholic churches tro Christ
mas day.
At St. Mary's Cathedral on Christmas
morning the first mass will be at 6
o'clock, with music by' the cathedral
male choir, following which there will
bo masses every half-hour until 9:30.
At 11 o'clock solemn pontifical mass
will be sung, after which the most
reverend Archbishop will impart the
Papal benediction. The sermon will be
preached by Row Jerome B. Hannigan.
At the 11 o'clock mass Professor R. J.
Harrison will preside at the organ and
the choir will render Haydn's Mass No.
6. At the offertory Adam's "Noel" will
be sung. Th^ choir will be accompanied
hy.ja. string orchestra. The soloists are:
Mrs. Onelda and Miss Mabel Quatman,
sopranos; Miss Julia Sullivan, contral
to; George Keane, tenor, and S. J. San
dy, basso. In the evening at 8 o'clock
there will be solemn vespers and bene
diction. The sermon will be delivered
by Rev. Charles A. Ramm. The young
men's male choir will sing at the even
ing services.
Xotre Dame des Victolres.
Solemn high mass -will be celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock. The mass to be sung
The first mass will be at 5 o'clock and
masses will be celebrated every hour
until 11 o'clock. High mass will be at
5 o'clock. -The choir will render. Gou
nod's "Missa Angeli Custodes"; at the
offertory the "Adeste Fideles." The
soloists will be . Mrs. Noonan, Miss
Vlantin, Mr. Knowlan and Mr. Webb.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 11 o'clock and the closing sermon of
Rev. Father Smith's course on the
"Gracious Coming of the Redeemer"
will be given.
The choir, under the direction of Miss
Marie Giorglani. will render Gounod's
"Messe Solennelle" (St. r Cecilia), solo
and chorus. There will be given be
sides the processional, the "Christmas
Pastorale," from Handel's "Messiah":
the graduale. "Noel" (Adam), solo and
chorus, with ' Miss Etta O'Brien as
soloist: the offertory, "O Dies Prae
clara" (Gounod), solo and chorus; the
"Benedictus," double quartet of male
voices; the' post communion, "Adeste
Fideles," arranged by Novello.
Soloist3— Mrs. L. Walsh, Mrs. Stan
ley-Grifnn, Miss Etta O'Brien, Dr.
James F. Smith. T. Nowlan, Walter
Webb. Those wlllbe assisted by the
following chorus: Sopranos— Mrs.
Sommers, Mrs.- McKenna, Misses Mary
Higgins, Sybil Tonini, Elvira Tonini,
M. Arndt. E. Barnes, M. Norton. Con
traltos—Mrs. A. Brannigan, Misses R.
Tonini, M. Muller, C. Barnes. E.Brlz
zolara. Tenors— \W. Derham, W. Moore,
H. G. Dowdal, John Jaunet. Bassos—
A. O'Brien. W. Judge. H. Shean, F.
Rubannic, W. Breen.
Masses will be at 5, 6:30. 7, 7:30. 8:30,
9:30 and 10:30 o'clock. The 5 o'clock
mass will be a high mass. The follow
ing musical services will be rendered
by a SDecial choir: "Kyrie and Glo
ria." by Mercadante and General!;
"Credo," "Sanctus" and "Agnus," from
Alary's Grand Mass; at the offertory,
Christmas anthem, "Hac Nocte Est,"
trio and chorus, by Cagliero, and
"Adeste Fideles."
The 9 o'clock mass in the Church of
the Angels will be for children only.
Special hymns will be sung and a ser
mon preached.
At the last mass the following sacred
music will be rendered by an augment
ed choir: "Kyrie." "Glori«4" and "Cre
do," from Generall's mass In G; "Sanc
tus" and "Agnus," from Gounod's So
lennelle Messe, and at the offertory
"Nolite Timere et Gloria," solo and
chorus, by Karst.
Solemn benediction will be given after
the last mass and the choir will sing
"O Salutarls," by . Mine; "Tantum
Ergo," by Nava, and "Adeste Fideles."
St. Mary's (Pauiist). .
St. Joseph's.
High mass will be celebrated at 6
o'clock. The order of services following
will be masses at 7, 7:30, 8. 9 and high
mass at 10:30 o'clock. The 8 o'clock
mass wjll be for the children. Rev.
Father Cleary will preach at the last
mass. Miss K. Supple will direct the
choir.
Masses will be celebrated at 5, 6, .7, 8,
9 and solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock.
Rev. Father Hennessy will be cele
brant at the last mass and Rev. Father
Griffin will preach. Special music will
be rendered by an augmented choir,
with Miss M. Purcell as organist and
choir leader.
St. John's.
St. Jmncs.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 5 o'clock and 10:20 o'clock. At the 5
o'clock mass the musical services will
be as follows: Organ prelude, "Pas
toral," by Deshayes; Bernini's mass; at
the offertory Melvil's "Christus Natus
est Nobis" will be rendered. During
communion the choir will sing "Pas
tores Erant Vigilantes," by Melvil, and
Novello's arrangement of the "Adeste
Fideles." Organ solo, postlude, "Pas
toral," by Bach.
At the last mass Rev. D. Mahoney
will deliver the sermon, and the male
choir, under the direction of Dr. Mau
rice W. O'Connell, will render the fol
lowing sacred music: Prelude, "Christ
mas Offering"' (Grifon); Gounod's
"Kyrie"; "Gloria," by Fumagalli; offer
tory, organ solo, "Shepherds in the
Field," by Mailing; "Credo," "Sanctus,"
"Benedictus" and "Agnus Dei," by
Gounod: postlude, by Lemaigre.
In the evening there will be solemn
vespers and solemn benediction. The
sermon will be preached by Rev. Joseph
Sasia. The evening musical services
will be: Prelude, "Pastoral," by Mer-
Uel; Gregorian vespers; Mozart's "Jesu
Redemptor Omnium"; "Magnificat," by
Cagliero. During the collection Gou
nod's "Nazareth" will be rendered. At
the solemn benediction Cagllero's "Veni
Dulcis Jesu." Rossini's "Tantum Ergo"
and Melvil's "Laudate Dominum" will
be sung-. Organ solo postlude, "Pilgrim
Chorus," by Wagner. The musical ser
vices have been arranged and are un
der the direction of Dr. M. D. O'Con
nell, organist.
St. Ignatius.
There will be masses at 5. 6,-7, 3 and
solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock. Rev.
James Moran will act as celebrant. The
sermon will be preached, by Rev. Jo
seph P. McQuaide. Benediction of the
most blessed sacrament will take place
immediately after the last mass. The
chair, with J. Drew as director " and
Miss Lily Kane as organist, will sing
Ganss' Second Mass. At the offertory
Mme. Bernard! will sing -Adam's
"Noel."
ChiircJj of the Holy Redeemer.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 5 o'clock, followed by low masses at
6:30, 7, 7:30, 8, 8:30, 9, 9:30 and 10 o'clock.
The second solemn high mass will be
eung by the Rev. Father Ferry, chap-
Iain of the Tenth Infantry, Presidio.
The sermon will be preached by Rev.
Father Harvey, St. Patrick's Seminary.
An augmented choir under; the direc
tion, of Harry Wood Brown will ren
der Gounod's "Messe Solennelle," with
full orchestral accompaniment. After
mass there will be solemn benediction
of the most blessed sacrament. The
orchestra will render Handel's "Largo"
at the benediction.
"Laid in a Lonely Manger." At the
-offertory Mien Daisy Merle .will sing
"NoeL" A quartet will render "Ave
Maria." The sermon at the 11 o'clock
mass will be delivered by Rev. Father
McQough and an augmented choir will
render epeclal music under the direc
tion of Miss Mary Shaefer. There will
be solemn vespers in the evening, at
which Rev, Father Caraher will preach.
Iloly Cross. _'
High' mass will be celebrated at 5
o'clock. The music will be sung by the
young ladies' choir with the Misses
McDermott, McCarthy, Jonnieux and
Kast, soloists. At 10 o'clock mass
Genevieve Sullivan will sing Adam's
"Noel" and a chorus of children from
St. Rose's Academy will render Gou
jiod's "Light of Heaven" with violin
obligate The 11 o'clock mass, sung by
the regular choir, Madame Argent!,
Madame Steffanl, Dr. Bonino and Sig.
Borghese, will sing Weber's Mass in G;
the "Gloria" from Mozart's Twelfth
Mass. A chorus of forty voices from
St. Rose's Academy will assist the
quartet. Signor Borghese will sing,
Adams' "Noel." The musical services
will "be directed by Miss Gertrude Hop
kins, organist.
Star of the Sea.
Masses will be celebrated at 5, 6. 7, 8,
9 and high mass at 11 o'clock. Bene
diction of the most blessed sacrament
will be given after the last mass. The
choir, under the direction of Miss J.
Baldwin, will sing Rosewig's Mass. Leo
Baldwin will sing Adam's "Noel" at the
offertory.
St. Vincent de Paul's. .
The order of masses will be as fol
lows: f., 6. 7, S, 9, 10, and solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock. Rev. M. P. Ryan
will -preach at last mass. Benediction
of the blessed sacrament will take
place, after the 11 o'clock mass. The
choir will be directed by J. J. Dolan
and Miss Grace Haley will be the or
ganist. The musical programme for
the 11 o'clock mass will be:
"Kyrie," ."Gloria," "Credo," .Farm
er's Mass in B flat, "Sanctus," "Agnes
Dei',*' Peters' Mass in C. The, "Adeste
Fideles" will be sung before and Ad
am's "Noel" after last mass. The
choir is composed of: Sopranos, Misses
Esther Haley, Margaret Haley. Con
stance Fisher,. Grace Coyne, Frances
McCarthy, Edna Owens; contraltos;
Lucille Bradford, Mary Burke, Ger
trude Horden, Cassle Monahan, Mary
Henretty, Margaret Murphy, Elizabeth
Dolan and Mrs. J. . J. Dolan; bassos,
J. J. . Dolan and Dr. C. Mlllward; tenor,
F. E. Carraras. ¦'¦}{ 4P;
The first mass will be at 5 o'clock.
Low masses will be celebrated every
half-hour from 5 o'clock till 10. At the
5 o'clock mass Cagllero's solemn high
mass will be rendered by a special choir
of forty voices from the Children of
Mary and the Holy Angels sodalities.
Miss Lydia Spadina will preside at the
organ. Solemn high mass will be cele
brated at 10:30 o'clock with an aug
.mented choir and orchestral accompa
niment, directed by the organist. Maes
tro Spadina. In the evening at 7:30
o'clock there will be solemn vespers,
followed by benediction of the blessed
sacrament.
Sacred Heart.
St. Peter and Paul's.
Masses will be celebrated at 5, 6, 7,
S:30 and 10:30 o'clock. The last mass
will be a solemn high mass, followed by
benediction of the blessed sacrament.
The choir will render special music at
the 10:30 o'clock mass.
High mass will be sung at 5 o'clock.
The low masses will be at 8. 7, 8 and 9,
and solemn hfgh mass at 10:30 o'clock.
Vespers and benediction will be held at
7:30 o'clock in the evening. The choir,
increased for the occasion,, will be ac
companied by an orchestra. The musi
cal services will be under- the direction
of Miss Amelia F. Quinn. At the 5
o'clock mass Bappman's mass in E flat
will be rendered by the young ladies'
and young men's choir. At the 10:30
o'clock mass Marzo's "Messe. Solen
nelle" will be sung. Arthur Boyce will
sing "Noel" at the offertory. The boys'
choir will render the "Adeste Fideles."
The soloists will be: Sopranos, Mrs. R.
D. Valerga. Miss Mae M. Code and Miss
K. Wood; tenors, Arthur Boyce and C.
G. WHley; basso3, William Lanl and
Mr. Rielley; contraltos, Miss "Rose
Broderick and Miss Josephine Broyer;
violinist, William F. Healey.
St. Peter's.
Masses will be celebrated at 5, 6, 7,
S, 9 -and 10 and solemn high mass at
11 o'clock. At 5 o'clock high mass Will
be sung. St. Patrick Choral Society
and the sanctuary, choir will be In
attendance. The mass sung will be
Leonard's Third Mass in B fiat.
The choral society comprises:
Miss M. Radlein, Miss M. Dunnigan,
Mis3 Ella Canning, Miss Agatha
Glover. Miss K. Robinson, Miss Kate
Fuller, Miss Nellie Sheehy, sopranos
and contraltos; Thomas J. O'Brien,
AValter Hancock, J. Snow, John J.
O'Drien, Thomas Leach, tenors and
bassos.
At the offertory the "Adeste Fideles"
will be sung. The sanctuary choir will
sing "The Snow Lay on the Ground"
and "Holy Night."
The boys' and girls' choir of St. Pat
rick's and St. Vincent's schools will
sing carols and hymns at the 9 and- 10
o'clock masses. "The Snow Lay On
the Ground," . "Venite Adoremus,"
"Glory to God" and "Holy Night" will
be rendered by the children. The school
orchestra will assist at both masses.
At 11 o'clock— mass Haydn's Second
Mass in C will be sung. The soloists
will be:' Miss Etta Welch, soprano;
Miss Genevieve Sullivan, contralto;
William Gale Callinan, tenor, and Eu
gene Bournizeau, basso. Mr. Callinan
will sing "Noel" at the offertory. The
Tlvoli orchestra will accompany the
choir. In the evening Rosewig's Ves
pers in G will be sung. Miss Mary
Short will preside at the organ and di
rect the choirs.
St. Paul's.
will be L. Dachaner's "Messe Solennelle
No. 1." comnrislng "Kyrie,'.' "Gloria,"
"Credo," "Sanctus" and "Agnus Del."
A quartet will render Novella's "Adeste
Fideles," assisted by a grand chorus.
Adam's "Minuit Chretiens" will be
sung by Mrs. Rothchlld. Smith's grand
march In D and Solome's grand chorus
in A will be given. A. L. Artigues will
preside at the organ and direct the
choir. The soioists are:
Miss E. Wadsworth. Mrs. M. E. Rob
inson, G. Cortesi, J. Fogarty, Miss A.
E. Artigues, Mrs. Rothchild and Dr.
Joseph Richards. An augmented choir
will" assist during tho mass.
.". St. Patrick's.
PROGRAMMES ARE PREPARED
IN HONOR OF THE NATIVITY
vy-;. ¦ : . . . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -DECEMBER 20, 1903. •-
Some men work overtime in trying
to lay up something for the rainy
days of their grandchildren.
When you hear a man. speak of a
baby as "it" you can safely bet he's
a. bachelor. . w ¦ . .
Sheep and cattle during the last year
have died in New South Wales by thou
sands from lack of water and grass. Of
60,000.000 sheep it Is estimated that only
20,000,000 have survived.
Genuine fur. collarettes, with storm
collar, all satin lined, worth $10.00. now
selling for $3.50 at Kelly & Liebes 1 Cloak
House, 120 Kearny street. •
61
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods *^||ii^§£' Company
Appropriate Holiday Gifts for Ladies,
Real Dochesse Lace Handkerchiefs, each $1.00 to $25.00
Real Point Lace Handkerchiefs, each. $10.00 to $75.00
Real Armenian Lace Handkerchiefs, each . 75c to $1.75
FrenchEmbrMer'dHandkerchiefs'each.$1.00to$20.00
Initialed Handkerchiefs,in boxes $1.00 to $6.00
Embroidered Linen Handkerchiefs, each. 15c to $1.00
Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs, each. . . .25c to $2.50
Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs, each 10c to $2.50
i Neckwear
Cape and Stole Shape Lace Collars, each ¦ $3.00 to $25.00
Real Bruges Lace Circulars, each. . . $7.00 to $15.00
Real Duchesse Lace Circu!ars,-each. $14.00 to $40.00
Real Duchesse Lace Stocks, each . . : . . .$4.00 to $8.00
Feather Boas, in all Colors, each. . . .$14.00 to $60.00
Neckwear Novelties, each 50c to $5.00
I STRIKING NOVELTIES IN PARISIAN FANS
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary tzi Stocktoa Streets, Union Square-
Holiday Attractions
Special Reductions
For Christmas Week:
Navy Cheviot Tailor-Made Suits/ regular price (>|ff AA
$30.00; reduced to 3>IO.UU
Novelty Suits, black and colors, with long coats or <l*Off f|A
Eton jackets; regular -price $4S00; reduced to VfcJ.UU
Genuine Electric Seal Jackets, real Chinchilla or COfl Hfl
Lynx collars; regular price $60.00; reduced to
Long Black Fur Stoles, with long tails and cord Q'A-pa
tassels; worth $5.00; reduced to *p£*O\J
Children's Cloth Capes, with Hoods; as-<j»| l 7ff jCO CZf\
sorted colors ; worth $5 ; reduced to <P ¦• * ** aQd V*-« O\J
Children's Long Coats, assorted colors; worth from $7.50 to
$12.50 each; sale price $3.50, $4.50 and $6.00
OPEN EVENINGS TILL IO F». M.
| SEE OUR WINDOWS \ .
x^^^ Wholesale Manufacturer*
r 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
ADVESTisEacmrcs. -^V-
i^jjoijir nr v™frjniriri«?~iiiiM" uffJIia 1 L/i 1 jvl |\/| i \J ""ill i ri \l I
jWjM.ijiiM 'fie "" ilVTilff JirjaiiliT " iC " lifc^M II^M iff' Ml I \ ¦I'll" I I fl I ffl ill All
I»^IS^ v wM FDA NT K(7Vm !
JAIi I nftliUjw j1i
SCORES OF HOMES TO BE MADE INTENSELY
HAPPY FRIDAY.
How many fine pianos are going to be supplied as Christinas surprises
through th3 Pommer-Eilers plan? The amount ordinarily dribbled
away for toys and knick-knacks more than enough to
f place a fine piano in the home. Full par-
ticulars' and prices of the great
Holiday Piano Sale.
Many a fine piano Is going to be given as a Christmas present next Friday.
Long rows of choice new upright pianos that have been selected at the Pommsr-
Eilers Holiday Piano Sale are awaiting delivery at some stated hour and will
j>rove a most welcome and acceptable Christmas surprise to every member at
the respective homes.
Many have given the matter of a piano in the home much serious thought,
but have dismissed it as impossible because of the expense. Yet there is now
a mighty easy way to accomplish it. simply step into the Pommer-Eilers Holiday
Piano Sale, make a deposit of $10 (or more if you like), and you can include a
, beautiful new piano among the gifts on Xmas morning. While you are paying
the remainder of the price "in easy payments of Six. or even Five. Dollars each
month, the piano will gladden the hearts of every member of the household. And
besides this easy way of paying for the instrument, a tremendous saving In prica
is possible just now. .- • •
DISCOUNTS THAT COUNT.
The v^ry best of American Pianos, the high clas* and character of which no
honest man will dare dispute, are handled by us. Modern methods, new ideas,
money-saving facilities in. the handling of vast numbers of pianos, enable Pom-
mer-Eilers to offer reliable.. thoroughly warranted, high-grade Pianos at greatly
reduced prices. From a clean Hundred Dollars upward can actually b« saved oa
each Piano in buying a Piano during the present sale.
THESE ARE THE PRICES.
For convenience of patrons the stock has been divided Into three distinct
classes, namely:
Class A. — Here are large numbers of medium priced, standard made Pianos,
such a? regularly sell for $300 and $350. Take choice of all $300 Pianos now at
$167; a large variety of choice regular $370 styles go for $218 and $196. All are
fully warranted, and payments of as little as $6 a month, and even $5, may be
arranged for to secure one of these fine Pianos.
Class C. — This is the "Baby Class." A number of choice Baby Grands, to-
gether with the most costly Uprights by makers of international renown, are
included in this class. Pianos which cost at regular sale from $800 to $830 and
$1000. Pommer-Eilers' sale prices will be found an average of at least $200 be-
low these prices.
Class B. — This includes the highest grade Upright Pianos of national reputa.-
tinn. such as are regularly- sold by dealers for $400. $450 and $500.
Sale prices: $2$6 for the $450 styles, plainer cases for $25? and $264. Pay $25
down and $10 a month.'
WHAT MORE CAN BE SAID?
Every Piano sold by Pommer-Eilers Is fully warranted. Money back If not
satisfied applies to every- purchase, great, and small, at this establishment.
Store open day and evening till sale closes.
IF YOU LIVE OUT OF TOWN.
Please write at once for catalogues and full particulars if you cannot come to
San Francisco durfng this- sale. We ship Pianos to every part of the country and
guarantee perfect satisfaction. Remember the name and address. Pommer-Eilers
Music Company. 653 Market street.
AMUSEMENTS.
jwr i liJL,"" 1 "™ 1 ™" ' ' 5iff
i HOUSF WHICH REDUCES DDTCFS K
3A We have the things your friends will prize most faighly — beautiful, { \\l
6* useful Furniture Gifts for all sorts of people with all sorts of likings. There wjj
5r) are Bed Room, Parlor 'and Dining Room Sets, Ladies' Dressing Tables, (Jf
u$ Mission Clocks and Music Cabinets. The hastiest glance through our 15t
Vv great assortment will tell the whole story of beauty, durability and reason- &P
W able prices. Open evenings until Christmas. jjjj
ftb WE JPAY NO RENT. THAT BENEFITS YOU. pd
i "A Little-at-a-Time Payments." f|
I THE § NOONAN FURNITURE GO. j
g 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth MSpecial information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1312. . * *.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldjf. •
It is time to express Townsend*s Glace
Fruits East for Christmas now. •
An eloping Nebraska couple, the boy 6 feet, mus
cular and 17 and the girl petite, demure and 18,
were arrested the other day, and the young lady .was
charged with the appalling offense of kidnaping. If Ne
braska had . only, been as careful of her young before
she turned William Jennings Bryan loose upon an un
sympathetic world she might be able to excuse. £••• eon
duct by precedent. r
Uncle Sam says that Turkey must punish the assail
ants of Consul Davis and make due amends for the in
sult offered to the stars and stripes. If there is a nation
on earth that carr make more apologies and fewer
amends and escape from a deserved thrashing than any
other association of people it is Turkey. She will prob
ably order another battleship from an American yard and
let us take out the damages in trade. -
RENO MARRIAGES— A Subscriber.
City. In The Call of August 6, 1902,
page 7, column 2, you will find the de
cision of the Supreme Court of this
State relative to Reno marriages. This
department has not the space to repro
duce the decision of the court. The gist
of that decision Is that marriages con
tracted in the State of Nevada, or any
other State, after divorces In this State
are valid.
THE CALL is in receipt of the following letter from
Merced: "Your article in to-day's Call on 'Life in
the Open' is indeed timely and very interesting.
Would you not be so good as to inform The Call readers
which palms are especially desirable for street trees in
Central California, say Merced and Fresno counties?"
. The palm flourishes in all Central and Northern Cali
fornia, where many varieties may.be used in garniture
of streets and lawns. The best sorts for street use are
the Washington fan palm, which is a native of this State,
and the canary palm. v If kept properly trimmed their
fronds do not obstruct the use' of the sidewalk and they
soon rise in beautiful columns and their branches and
leaves are far above the walk. The canary is a date
palm of especially beautiful and fernlike foliage, while
the Washington fan palm has a noble column and very
attractive foliage. ,
In planting street trees the same tree should be used
on the whole street and should be planted not more than
fifty feet apart. In this way* a symmetrical and splendid
effect is secured. All Central and California
rJiould use the date and Washington fan palm freely on
PALMS FOR STREETS.
HOLLY— A. S.. City. There is an old
superstition that it is sinful to sing
against holly, which Is expressed In tha
following lines:
Whosoever against holly do cry
In a rope shall be hung full high.
Whosoever against holly «lo sins.
He may weep and his hands wrln*.
Allelujah!
A law designed to protect that part of the public
rightly catalogued as fools from the schemes pf the
get-rich-quick turf agencies has been introduced in Con
gress and seems likely to be adopted. It sometimes
appears that the vast sums of money thus spent in legis
lation and enforcement might be expended to better
advantage in the building and maintenance of homes for
the feeble-minded.
1 The Moros have no system of laws
as such. The penal passages of the
Koran, taken in connection with the
local customs, are referred to as the
Titab. To be precise, the local cus
toms are mainly interpretations or eva
sions of the Titab proper.
Land is held in common, the dattos
claiming sections as their own, just as
our Indian chiefs were wont to do. In
some localities a "Master of the Field"
allots -.slats'' of ground to individuals
for permanent or temporary occupancy.
Such real estate may not be' alienated
without permission having first been
obtained from the authority granting
residence thereon. The criminal laws,
if such they may be called, are pecu
liar. The Koran provides as a penalty
for theft that the hands of the thief
should be cut off. In consequence of
this appalling penalty the conviction
of a thief is next to impossible. Moros
evade this penalty by shifting the re
sponsibility from the thief to the man
who has suffered loss. It Is held that
the victim of theft is criminally cul
pable In that he has neglected to safe
guard his property. It is even more
difficult * to convict a murderer. The
accused swears that he did not com
mit the crime, his relatives are sworn
In a like defense, and one and all in
voke the curses recorded In the Koran
upon themselves and their posterity
forever If they have perjured them
aelves. After the "trial" is ended it
T £ it t r
Laws of the Moros.
ELECTRICITY— E. B.. City. If ft
person who uses electricity as a cura
tive agent cannot receive the power
from a transmitting pole direct It is
generally applied through, the medium
of a sponge affixed to the pole. Electric
belts are in some cases covered with
soft chamois. - Wr ;
In the ambitious plans which our military authorities
have discussed, revised and planned again for the inva
sion of the United States of Colombia two very impor
tant elements of success, by some strange oversight,
have been overlooked. The climate of' the South
American morass has seemingly not been considered, and
absolutely nothing has been done, as far as the public
knows, to secure the consent of Colombia.
A Chicago contractor, angry of mood and intemper
ate of speech, declared the other day that the American
flag is not the emblem of liberty. It is an unfortunate
thing that there is anything in our policy or in our in
stitutions which could persuade such a man as this critic
to believe that the American flag is the emblem of any
thing else.' He should be convinced that he is acting
under the inspiration of vicious ideas. ¦¦;'*'':"¦
RAILROAD QUOTATIONSr-W., Sari
Mateo. Cal. Quotations of railroad
stocks are given in the commercial de
partment of The Call whenever thera
are such.
GROCERY— C. G., Willows. Cal. This
department cannot advertise any gro
cery firm doing business In this city
or any other place.
« % r Anszvers to Queries.
I The effete East is wont to consider
the West as wolly to the verge of bar
barism. Now that may be, but we re
strain our wild animals. Here is a dis
patch from Cambridge, Mass., which
shows their deer invade the streets:
"A lodger in a house on Brookline
street was startled to-Cay when the
door of his room was burst in and a
panting deer brought up on his bed.
After thrashing about the frightened
animal pressed its" way into a closet
where it was caught by men who had
pursued it through the streets. It was
taken to a stable. Where the animal
came from has not been doterminedj
Hard pressed in a long chase it dashed
Into the open doorway of the Brookline
street house and up the stairway. The
lodger escaped injury."
The Wild East.
He has had appendicitis
And a dozen more diseases ?
Which are strictly in the fashion
When the bunk account increase*,
11^ has taken every treatment —
Mental science, hydrostatic, •
Operations, dopes and tablets.
Radium and cures pneumatic, - j
And the trouble is. his habit >.
Is the sort that always wearies—
He must tell you of his symptoms
In a bunch, and In a series.
He will chat of all the microbes —
Give their traits as he recalls them.
Till his friends say that to see him ,
Is a vision that appalls them.
Now he has another aliment—
'Tis the latest stylish Illness.
And his friends tire all delighted. > *
For the doctor cautions stlllnes?_
He must not go Into details
As to where or when the pain was—
For the faddy fag has settled
Where he used to think his brain wa«^
— Chicago Tribune.
The Faddy Fag. ~
"Some of the little ones I meet dur
ing my visits to my parochial school,"
said a well-known clergyman a few
nights ago, "are remarkably bright. I
met one a short time ago who was very
pert, to say the least.
"I visited the school just at recess
time. As I entered the yard where the
children were at play I heard this
youngster, a girl about 8 years old, call
a playmate a fool. Thinking to scare
her a little bit and thus break her of
the habit of using the word, I called
her to me and said:
. " 'Julia, don't you know that when
you call a person a fool you are within
an inch of hell?*
"Quick as a flash the little one turned
around and again called her playmate
a fool.
" 'Child,' I said, surprised and shocked,
'what made you do that?'
" * 'Cos I wanted to be two inches, fa
ther,' was the answer I got."
Precocious.
THE CALL comes to its readers this morning with
forewords of cheer and good counsel for Christ
mas day. It is bright with pictures and sparkles
with good stories by some of the foremost writers of the
day. It has its special attractions for persons of all ages
and of all tastes, and these will doubtless hold for a
long time the attention of every reader. We ask. spe
cial study, however, for the advertising columns, which
at this time being so pertinent to the shopping season,
are doubly entertaining and instructive.
The abundance and variety of the goods displayed in
our advertisements affords a striking proof of the pros
perity and general wealth of the community. It is evi
dent that Santa Clau.s is to have a busy time in the dis
tribution of the many gifts with which he wilPbe charged
on Christmas eve. Between now and that time there
remain just four days for shopping and it will there
fore repay every person who has the Christmas spirit in
his heart to read carefully the list of the many beautiful
and desirable presents offered to the public. Such study
will result in showing the reader just where to find the
exact thing in the way of a gift he has been trying to
think of ever since he began considering, how to make
up his Christmas souvenirs, and it will also show him
just where to obtain it in the highest perfection at the
lowest price.
.One further word of counsel should be noted. In the
few days that remain before Christmas there will be an
enormous shopping trade to be done. This therefore is
a time to remember the maxim, "Come early and avoid
the rush." From this time on each successive day will
find the stores more' crowded than the day preceding.
All who can find the fime therefore should get their
shopping done to-morrow, so as to save themselves the
discomfort of the final thronging of the stores just before
the great day comes. Furthermore all who can do their
slropping by day shottld^do so, leaving the evening hours
for those who are so busy during the day that they can
not attend to' their Christmas purchasing until after ordi
nary working hours are' over.
It is to be the high water mark of Christmas in San
Francisco and by the exercise of a little energy in prompt
shopping the season can be made wholly pleasant for all.
Tothat end we renew the advice that a careful study be
given to the advertising columns to-day. That is the
best way of preparing for the rush of the coming week.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPING.
Authorized representatives of the Boers have declared
that at St. Louis an exhibition descriptive and typical
of the Boer people will be made. Such a display should
be one of the most Valuable and interesting of them all
at a mammoth fair. It will possess the highest possible
historical significance, as the Boers represent struggles
and ideals which, unfortunately, are fast ' disappearing
from the earth.
"An English friend who keeps ma
posted concerning things bibliograph
ical," says a New York book collector,
"recently advised me that the long lost
copy of Governor Hunter's 'Andro
borus,' New York, 1714. was in the pos-«
session of a Scottish book dealer, who
wanted 25 guineas for it.
"The book was cheap at five times
the price, for 'Androborus' Is the
earliest American play and one of the
rarest of the imprints of William Brad
ford, New York's first printer, only two
examples being known to bibliographers
—John Philip Kemble'3 copy, now in
the Duke of Devonshire's library, and
the one just referred to, which was
sold at auction in Edinburgh in 1S60
and immediately disappeared from
view. I cabled at once to the Scottish
dealer, but received the disappointing
reply that the book had been sold to a
private customer, presumably an Eng
lish collector. However, I still do not
despair of yet acquiring the first dra
matic piece written and printed in this
country.
"The full title of this whimsical pro
duction, which was intended as a per
sonal satire on Hunter's political an
tagonists, is as follows: 'Androborus, a
Biographical Farce, in Three Acts, viz.:
the Senate, the Consistory and the
Apotheosis. Printed at Monoropolis
since the 1st of August, 1714/ In its
preparation the Governor was assisted
by Chief Justice Lewis Morris, Cadwal
lader Colden noting in hi3 'Letters on
Smith's History of New York' (New-
York Historical Society collections)
that 'Hunter diverted himself in com
posing a farce, with the assistance of
Mr. Morris, which he called "Andro
borus." "
First 'American Play.
"Halt!" Sharp and clear in the morri
ing air rang out the officer's voice. As
he cried he started s on a dead run in
the direction taken by a man who
dashed full-speed from a house on
Howard street, near East. Dim in the
distance' was the flying figure, but.
nothing daunted, the policeman started
in pursuit. Fleet of foot was the po
liceman and he gained rapidly 00 the
man ahead. Again he cried "Halt,"
but the pursued only answered with a
burst of speed, that widened the space
between him and the bluecoat.
"Halt," again crie\l the officer, striv
ing as best he could without losing
speed to get out his revolver. But
the man only ran faster. It was a
pretty race, a losing one seemingly for
the officer. He was about to speed a
bullet after the man in front when he
realized that he was gaining. Straining
every nerve he ran on. Foot by foot
he lessened the lead of the pursued one.
Inch by inch it grew smaller, and then
with a final effort the officer leaped into
the air and with outstretched arms
landed upon the shoulders of his game.
"You win," gasped the captive. "I
bet the fellows In the Howard street
house that I could .beat you to the
ferry."
T A Chase in the Night.
The country along this route is very
beautiful, and we enjoyed the scenery
even in spite cf untoward clrcum-
The second day we were very tired.
b*Jt we mai-ched some twenty miles,
and felt after supper as though we
m.ght reach Stanley Pool after all. We
learned from the natives how to fix our
loads so as to carry them with greater
case. Never make a load into a square
or spherical tundle, but make it as long
and as cylindrical as possible. Wo b«
gran to learn many things front- the
carriers that were to our advantage.
We took the old caravan route over
the hills to Manyanga.
All along the way we met numerous
native traders, returning from the in
terior, some of them having come
from as far back as the Upper Pool.
They bring their ivory to Matadi, and
take back cloth, salt, gunpowder and
various other things, making an im
mense profit. The first day on the
road it was very hot, the sun beating
down mercilessly on the barren rocks
and sand, making them hot enough
to cook eggs, and the road over the
eteep hills was rough and hard. We
were almost inclined to turn back,
and began to fear we had undertaken
an impossible task. But we thought
of the many Americans that had car
ried greater loads and had endured
greater hardships;, we thought also of
the stream of people who would pass
over this same route with pack and
pickax, if gyld were discovered in the
lnterior, v and Vc plucked up. courage
nnd persevered until almost sundown.
We made about seven miles the first
day, and that left about 230 miles still
to go.
We were quite curiosities to the na
tives. They would stand and stare at
us, almost disbelieving their eyes.
Then they would call their friends, to
see if they were right. Yes, there
were two white carriers. They didn't
understand it. Then the white men
must be slaves, too. And they asked
us who our masters were, and told us
we were the first white slaves they
had seen carrying loads. It was very
amusing the way they treated us. And
no amount of explanation could i\ake
them understand that we were : our
own masters. They always asked:
"Why do you carry loads, then?"
We spent six weeks at Matadi trying
to get our guns out of the custom
house. We had too much of an arse
nal, the officials thought, informing us
we must have a x>ermit from the Gov
ernment to carry arms. This was re
fused point blank, and matters were
looking bad. when I got a letter from
the Upper Congo telling me to come
to Stanley Pool. We put our goods in
a warehouse and tried for the last time
to get a few guns, but without avail,
and were forced to go without them.
Our supplies were running low and
our funds were exhausted. To go by
rail was impossible, as we had no
credit with the Belgian Railroad Com
pany for the 474 francs necessary for
each fare, and we resolved to make
474 francs apiece by walking. Any
man who considers himself an author
ity on African travel would tell you
It is impossible to make the trip from
Matadi to Stanley Poo! during the
rainy season without tents, beds and
other conveniences, and to carry a
load simply absurd at any season. We
were, perhaps, the first white men
that attempted it: We gave our men
forty cans of , provisions to carry. Mr.
McClintock carried twenty pounds of
sea biscuit, an eight-pound blanket
and his absolutely necessary clothing,
which made forty pounds in all. I
had the medicine, writing material,
one or two necessary instruments, my
clothing, blanket and so forth —
enough to make forty pounds.
BT WILLIAM STAMPS CHEBBT.
(African Traveler. Kxi>lorer and Ulg Game
Hunter.)
<CopyriKht. 1903. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
While McClintock and I were at
Matadi I discovered one night by an
intolerable itching of one of my toes
that a "jigger" — that dreaded pest of
all African travelers— had taken lodg
ings with me. McClintock took a knife
and presently gave me relief by the
painful process of digging the little
black parasite from beneath the skin
surrounding the nail.
The presence of the jigger is indi
cated by the itchy feeling which
makes some "people so frantic that
they could almost tear off their toes
to get relief. The Jigger looks like a
small bit of parailin wax the size of
a pin head, with a bleck speck in it.
They burrow beneath the skin, and
in the course cf eight or ten days lay
a sack of eggs as large as a pea. This
sack breaks and hundreds of young
jiggers are turned out to burrow for
themselves, and in time infect the en
tire foot. Many of the natives are in
debted to these* liny insects for the
loss of a toe and some for that of a
foot. The Jiggers were imported by
the Portuguese from Brazil the middle
of the last century. They now infest
all Africa and are the greatest pests
of all the insects. Most white men
have their feet examined every morn
ing by their maleck or valet. I never
needed to do this, for just as soon as
p. jigger gfts into my foot I feel him.
Most people don't.
An African Caravan. ,
is not uncommon for the datto to coN
lect 100 pesos from the murderer, in
default of which he may be seized and
sold into slavery. Theoretically, a thl"f
may also- be seized and sold. Un
avenged murders and robberies lead
naturally to family feuds, and perhaps
to intertribal wars.
Quarrels involving women are settlci
in a way known alike to civilized and
savage men. Under the Bates treaty,
crimes committed by Morog cannot h»
punished by American courts. Thi3 fact
makes awkward situations. Sultana,
dattos, nadjls and other head men, who
toil net nor spin, prey upon the peopl*;
they foment strife in order to levy nnop.
or go to war for the sole purpose of
enriching themselves by the avails of
robbery. — From "Progress Among the
Mores," by Cephas C. Bateman. in the
American Monthly Review of Revlewt
for December.
PARIS is a long way off to be the scene of a decla
ration of war by Colombia against Panama, the
United States and all^ comers. Yet from Paris
comes the news that a committee formed of all..Colom
bians in Europe is organized to instruct foreign Govern
ments in the Panama matter, and that unless the. seces
sion of Panama is submitted to the Hague court war in
its most horrid form will make the isthmus howl. Colom
bia will then appeal to the other Central American
states to stand in, and trouble, lurid and frowning of
aspect, will begin. ' (
In the first place it is doubtful if the question of the
right of revolution is among the issues with which the
Hague court can deal. It is probable that such matters
as a division of the public debt of Colombia, a proper
share to be assumed by Panama, might go to arbitra
tion. But the right of revolution is another thing en
tirely. Iii international law revolution is regarded as an
inherent right, which when asserted carries with it all
the responsibility of success or failure.
Nor is it probable at all that the court can be used to
construe the treaty of 1846. Parties to treaties only
are concerned in them and put- upon them their own
construction. No one has ever denied the construction
of the sovereignty clause of that treaty declared by
Lewis Cass and Mr. Seward. It is only protective of the
sovereignty of the isthmus against European interfer
ence. This is in direct line with the Monroe, doctrine.
It is fantastic to say that we undertook to make Colom
bian sovereignty secure against domestic revolution, for
that would make the treaty one of offensive and de
fensive alliance.
The treaty was again practically construed by Mr.
Cleveland when he withdrew from the Senate the Fre
linghuysen treaty with Nicaragua and Costa Rica be
cause it was one of alliance, defensive and offensive.
We had made no treaties of. that kind with any country
since the treaty 1 of 1778 with France, which we were
compelled in our own interest and from motives of self
preservation to abrogate. The Monroe doctrine is not
a treaty. It is a declaration of national policy, upon
which we may act or omit to act as suits our own situa
tion.
We have recognized the de facto Government of Pan
ama, as have most of* the European powers. Mexico
has followed suit and so has Nicaragua, and probably
other Central American states will do the same. We
have entered into a treaty with Panama, as was our
right and hers. It secures for us advantages of tran
scendent importance to the United States and the world
in the construction of the canal. Senators Hoar and
Daniel are taking up the time of the Senate in discussing
resolutions of inquiry into the incidents of the revolu
tion. To this there is no objection, except so far as
their J speeches impeach the administration because of
things alleged and not known. When the Senate passes
its resolution of inquiry it will be answered by all the
facts known to the administration. Indeed these have
already been communicated in the President's message.
There is upon the Senate quite another duty which it
must perform or be itself impeached for blocking., an
isthmian canal. This is the duty of ratifying the ¦ Panama
treaty. When this is done we will have -absolute sov
ereignty over a canal strip twenty miles wide. When
we have that secured Colombia may make all the war
she wants, but she must keep off our strip or take the
consequences. It is easy to see that after Panama has
a constitution and a government de jure, both of which
events will occur in a few weeks, she may, if she choose,
reincorporate her territory with Colombia, for such act
would in no way impair the rights ceded to us when she
had the independent power of cession. This is the sit
uation that has been created by the prompt action of the
President. The American people see it clearly and all
who understand the nature of the so-called republics of
Central America know that in no other way could we get
the canal rights that we require if the work is ever to be
done.
We are of the opinion that the minority cannot make
politics out of the situation. If there is an earnest desire
to have the canal, and we believe such desire to be gen
eral, it is incumbent upon the minority in Congress to
demonstrate that as favorable terms as we have under
the Panama treaty can- be secured from Colombia or
from Nicaragua or Costa Rica. We believe that this
cannot be done. Colombia rejected the Hay-Herran
treaty on the ground that it impaired her sovereignty.
The other two states have already demanded that we
pay not only money for a canal across them, but that
our right to protect the canal be recompensed to them
by an offensive and defensive alliance. •
Will the minority favor such an alliance? It would
compel us to follow the belligerent vagaries of two un
stable Governments' If the Panama treaty is ratified
we will not have to follow anybody, but will be in a per
fectly independent position. It seems as though no rea
sonable argument is possible in opposition to the prompt
ratification of the treaty. Hesitancy and the waste of
time in attacks upon the President will be in the interest
of Colombia and against the canal.
Th* women are always In greater
number than the men. They are better
traders In small matters. The remarks
of surprise over a price they think a
little too high, the audacity with which
they will jew down the price, the in
dignation they show as if they were
hurt or angry, the coaxing, the appeal
to generosity or vanity or to weak
ptrints in the buyer are often extreme
ly ludicrous. The sale of food is al
ways left exchisively to women. The
articles offered are numberless — goats,
pigs, chickens, fish (rresh and dried),
the flesh of the hippopotamus smoked
and cooked, dogs, grasshoppers, locusts,
sweet potatoes, corn, beans, bananas,
peanuts, pawpaws, eggs, manioc (raw
and boiled), chaquanga, pineapples,
sugar cane, lemons, palm nuts, tobacco,
greens, red peppers, ivory, native rope,
European cloth of all kinds, gunpowder,
glasses, pots, beads — In short, every
thing known to African commerce on
the coast.
There is a rigorous and effective po
lice system. The punishment for theft
is swift and severe. If the 'offense is
an aggravated one the thief may be
killed on the spot. The markets com
mence about 10 o'clock and close about
3 in the afternoon.
Food supplies in Africa are generally
sold at markets. When a market has
been broken up by war or other cause,
the natives say "the market is dead."
Markets are always held outside the
villages and generally on the tops of
hills where there is not much shade.
Everybody goes, the mother carrying
her. infant on her ba'ck and a great load
of chaquanga-on her head, the infant
hanging on like a little monkey. Un
der the trees the men talk over the
Important trades for tusks of ivory,
cloth, guns, etc., while the women bar
ter for food. The malafu or palm wine
sellers let each person taste their wine
to see that it is not too much diluted
with water, and the price is struck ac
cordingly. The currency here is cloth
and metace— that is, brass wire cut in
lengths of ten inches and an eighth of
an inch in diameter. These rods have
undergone a constant clipping until
during the last ten years they have
come dcr.vn from the first standard of
twenty-four inches to about four.
Money now is slowly taking their place.
The villages near the coast are few
and far between, and the natives some
times have to carry their produce fifty
or seventy-five miles to market. The
markets seem to be very ancient insti
tutions. They are held frequently and
are called after the- village nearest.
They are usually held every four days,
sometimes every eight.
* • •
The carriers are an interesting lot.
Some of them are small boys, not o\ r er
5 years old. I am sure I am not under
estimating their age. At that tender
age they are compelled to carry a load
almost equal to their own weight, and
to keep up with the caravan. We came
across several caravans, in which were
boys of 7. S. 9 and 10 years of age. I
would Judge that the majority were be
tween the ages of 9 and 16. Now that
the native traders are carrying for
themselves r.nd the State imposes upon
them a fixed tax for every load, they
carrj- as heavy burdens as it is possi
ble for them to stagger under. It is as
if a civilized person had the oppor
tunity of taking away as much gold as
he could carry. Three bags of salt,
fifty pounds each, rations and a can
or two of gunpowder constitute a not
uncommon load.
The natives are slightly built as a
rule, and will not average in weight
more than HO pounds. Their rations
do not amount to much when they are
on the road. They generally consist cf
a small piece of guanga that will not
weigh eight ounces, and possibly an
ounce of dried fish served two or three
times a day. They pick up what palm
nuts they tan gather by the way, but
these will not amount to more than
four or five ounces a day per man.
Their main standby is the kola nut,
which has wonderful sustaining power.
The natives are as patient as Job un
der their big loads. I doubt whether I
could carry one of them a mile. They
trudge on all day long, tottering under
their heavy burdens, which have to be
lifted UDon their shoulders or hoisted
up by the ingenious device of using
their staff as a lever.
When we arrived at Manyanga we
rested two days and got four other re
cruits, so that for our slender stock of
goods we had carriers to spare. Our
carriers w?re nothing but boys and
they carried small loads. We had a
heavy downpour of rain and conse
quently bad roads, and one afternoon
marched for two hours in water from
knee-high to places where it was up to
our necks.
stances. We had splendid appetites.
Sometimes we had to eat in the broil
ing sun; sometimes we. were fortuuate
enough to get under the shade of a
huge tree with luxuriant foliage and
lie dawn upon a carpet of green orna
mented with fragrant flowers. It was
the spring of the year and 'everything
was as fresh and beautiful as could be
imagined. Birds of brilliant hue were
singing in the' branches of the trees,
and gayly painted butterflies were
darting to and fro. Every step brought
new surprises of delight.
On the fourth day out our troubles
commenced. After marching hard all
day we laid down to rest. Up to this
time we had not encountered many
mosquitoes, but this night we had a
visit from forae of the most blood
thirsty specimens of the tribe that I
have ever had the misfortune to meet.
The swamos of the Missouri and Mis
sissippi River bottoms are not to be
compared in this respect with this part
of the Con^o basin; nor is any other
place in Africa that I know of. These
mosquitoes are as intelligent as they
are vicious. They would crawl under
the blankets. It was no use trying to
elude them.
About 12 o'clock it commenced to
rain, and everything got soaked and
sodden. To sleep was an impossibility.
Next day -.ve marched through a tor
rent of rain, and from this on to Man
yanga we had a bad time. It was only
four days longer, but these four days
seemed like a month. The streams were
swollen by the rains and the swamps
inundated, but we pushed on, wading
and swimming when necessary. I had
the misfortune to poison one of my
feet, and it was almost a solid blister,
but we kept jogging along, and got to
Manyanga at last.
the streets of cities for economic as well as esthetic rea
sons. The date palm ripens its edible fruit farther north
in this State than elsewhere in the world. Mr. Swingle,
the date expert of the Agricultural Department at Wash
ington, says that all edibleWarieties of the except
the deglet noor will perfect their fruit throughout the
Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys, as they do now at
Winters, in Yolo County, and also in Butte County.
The adaptation of bur climate to the date palm is
shown by the fact that when date seeds are thrown on
the ground they sprout and produce a tree. The date
palm orchard on the Wolfskill ranch at Winters, in
Yolo County, grew from date seeds planted there by Mr.
Wolfskill. Now it is easy to see that the use of palms
as a street tree continually impresses the Eastern visitor
with the clemency of our climate and its adaptation to
tropical flora. When the Washington palm is used the
fact that it is a native of California puts our climate in
the Oriental class at once. If either the Washington or
canary palm is planted when about two feet high and re
ceives proper irrigation and attention from the first it
beautifies the street and its growth is so rapid when it is
cared for that in a few years it ennobles and gives a
charm to the place that no deciduous tree can impart.
We have not been properly attentive to these matters
in Central and Northern California. We have impressive
capital in our climate alone. A -climate that enables a
city to line its streets with palms away north to where
from under the fronds of .this tropical tree the opales
cent snows that form the helmet of Shasta may be seen
is of a value greater than all the gold of the continent.
Man could not create its equal by any investment of capi
tal or expenditure of labor. Then why not make use of
this sumptuous investment which prodigal nature has
made for our benefit?
The use of. it lies in taking advantage of it, not only
in grapes, oranges, olives, figs, pomegranates and our
vast variety of other commercial fruits, but in garnishing
our streets and landscapes with palms, identified in
sacred and profane history with the romance and life, the
sunshine and the poetry of the Orient. A city that so
uses the advantage of climate adds greatly to the value
of its property as well as to the pleasure of its people.
Several guests at a downtown hotel
were discussing things supernatural,
and there was almost universal denial
of the existence of "spooks," death
warnings and other uncanny matters.
One of the group said:
"I don't know about that sort of
thing. I will tell you what happened
in my own experience and you can
judge for yourselves whether there is
anything in it or not.
"I was for some years purser on an
Atlantic liner, and one of my boyhood
friends, Jim Grant, was purser on an
other steamer of the same line. I heard
before I started on that particular trip
that Jim had to lay off through a. bad
cold, bul nothing serious was antici
pated. Well, on the return trip, when
we were about four days from port. I
was asleep in "my bunk and was awak
ened by something like a cold, clammy
hand pressing* my forehead. I opened
my eyes and, as I thought, saw Grant
standing in a sort of grayish light. I
heard him distinctly say, 'Good-by, old
man, you'll never see me again f * and he
seemed to fade from my startled sight.
"I jumped out of my bunk, struck a
light and instinctively looked at my
watch. I went on deck and asked the
man at the wheel and the officer on
watch if they had noticed anything pe
culiar, but they replied in the negative.
I had a foreboding that something se
rious was wrong with my friend Grant,
and when. we reached port I wired to
his father and received a reply that he
was dead and had been buried the day
before. I subsequently learned that he
died at the very "minute his apparition,
or whatever it was, appeared to me."
The Death Warning.
COLOMBIA FOR WAR.
.TH^.SAN FRANCISCO CALL' ; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor. . . ? . . . . ... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
' — ~~ — • : ; . - . . — — — -^ rgtrm wLf : - — ~. — ~~. — ; — ~ 1 . ; — ~~~ — 2 — ~ :
Publication Office • <J^IPllil^ > ..-. — ..'.. Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY .., ..DECEMBER 20. 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
62THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
63
ADVEBTIBEDIEirES. i
10 , f i ¦
' / -
ill Murder, Lust, Misery and Death lurk behind
i|i|||yi| the gaudy label on the Whisky Bottle. Every
Illiili II crime in the calendar — every human atrocity,
¦Enis 111 every form of misery, disease, horror and de-
iilifi 11 spair is masked by the alluring trade-mark of
||||& II ¦ the Bottled fury. The Drinking Man cheats
!§ii ill himself, saying "the label tells me this is good
iiPH ill whisky,'' but when the paper mask is torn away
flgl&l HI his own mask falls, and he is hustled to prison
fiPlil 111 ' *° e^ ron ars quench his thirst and confine-
. ment cure his diseased body.
IJ^^^RliBI Us Does not treat the Drinking Man as a criminal. It is
t^^^^^Biliiil I IllH inhuman to punish a victim of disease, and it is bar-
I^^Hipl^H I II HI barous to try and cool his fever with texts. The Liquor
I^^^ES^H illHi Habit is certainl y a disease, the chief symptom of
which is !^ e Cravin^ for Drink ' and re( l uires scien -
k jfpM»liSliv> c ' ra^ ona^ human treatment. Dr. McKanna's
/ fl^tJ^S^lfwIKS method not only speedily and easily antagonizes the
/ JJIllW' B^^^H "habit"— the craving for Alcohol— but by virtue of
\ lilHIi'WiRi^B its P erfection restores the disordered physical and
\ M^^wk^'"^wlHH mental functions to their normal condition. His method
\ IkLJ^MSt^H * s recognized by men of science everywhere as the
I Is MKlnHLiliR Onlv Trea t ment for tne Li Q uor Habit tnat is ab solutely
F '^SI^^^Mlf safe and P ermanent - witnin fourteen years he has
\ w^mWSBm I ' cured 13)00 ° Drinkin & Men^ wno are now sober ' re-
) HJPIi^^Klr jbt\ spected members of Society, ready and willing at all
/ jus^^^^^^^M^M times to praise tlie great C . ure that saved themselves
Y^^^^SKmHSSnSSma and * ne^ r fainilles from ruin and disease.
iHwHffllBHl HUB It; is tlie Only 3 " Day Cure for Aicoiiolism tbat is safe >
lr 'IWi^W^i^B' 1 RH I s P ee(^y an(^ permanent. It has. never failed to cure any victim
HHfflwB^H llflll ¦ " °f * ne r ' n^ Habit, no matter how serious Ms condition.
—^=— — — — TELEPHONE MAIN,', 1O37.- — * = — ; —
The Original and Only 3=0^ Cure for the Liquor Habit
Sanitariums: Chicago, 111.; Kansas City, Mo.; Oklahoma City; Des Moines, Iowa; Seattle, Wash. .Elects Xew Officers.
The First Hebrew Ladies' Mutual
tenefit Association has elected the fol
iwing officer's for the ensuing year:
'resident, I. Adams; vice 1 president, I.
laer; secretary, s. Meyer; treasurer,
r. S. Friedberg; trustees — L. C. Levy,
«. Solomon, A. Morris, Dr. Albert
dler; druggist. Ph. Flatow; mes
snger, A. Fromberg; prelate, Mrs.
.ugusta Morris. '
BERLIN, Dec. 19. — Berlin society is
greatly excited over the divorce of
Countess Isabella Bronsart von Schel
lendorf, nee Adams, an American, who
will arrive on the Hamburg-American
line steamer Bluecher next week. Noth
ing concerning the affair appeared in
the German papers until to-day, when
the Tageblatt stated the facts in the
case. It appears the Countess married
Lieutenant von Bronsart Schellendorf ,
a nobleman and a nephew of a former
Minister of War, in East* Africa, whers
he commanded one of Germany's sta
tions. Previous rumors regarding the
marital affairs of. the couple have been
in circulation, but the Countess has
said, according to the Tageblatt, that
the marriage was dissolved upon her
motion on the ground of her husband's
Infidelity and that the court at Tanga,
in German East Africa, decided that
he "alone ..was' guilty. A pamv-hlet re
citing the history of the case has been
privately circulated among the friends
and relatives of the Countess, cf which
she is presumably the author.
Former American Girl Gathers Evi
dence and Has No Trouble Getting
Decree Quietly, v^y
BERLIN IS STIRRED '
BY COUNTESS' DIVORCE
In addition to the high-speed elevators
in the business buildings, they have
brought to us that metropolitan luxury
—a house elevator — such as are installed
in Mr. Spreckels* and Mr. Flood's resi
dences.'which is so arranged with push
buttons, automatic door locks and
switches that a child "can operate it with
safety and precision.
When a business house takes care of
our safety and comfort in the conscien
tious manner in which the Otis Elevator
Company ha« done we are glad to have it
with us, and particularly when it adds
to the prosperity, of San Francisco by do-,
ing. as much . of Its manufacturing here
as conditions will allow.
A Book of Views of New York City has
recently made its appearance in several
offices about town, illustrating by means
of excellent cuts of the noteworthy
buildings the wonderful growth of that
city.
This book after publication was used
In a measure as an advertisement by the
Otis Elevator Company, who are placing
the elevators. in the new Flood building,
the St. Francis Hotel, the new Mer
chants' Exchange and the new building
for the Pacific Union Club, as illustrat
ing the Important part this company has
played in making the growth and con
centration of the city possible. It is a'
clever bit of advertising, and a company
likj this, which comes to San Francisco
and establishes a branch plant here, with
a broad-minded view of becoming a part
of the community, is a distinct gain to
the city. This company, which also in
cludes that which was formerly the
Crqne Elevator Company, has materially
raised the standard of elevator construc
tion in San Francisco by installing
scores of elevators here in the manner
In which elevators should be erected;
that is. with the first thought for safety
and freedom from interruption to ser
vice. The general public is apt to hold
its breath when, going up or down our
steep San Francisco hills in the surface
cars, but seldom stops to think of an ele
vator grade, which is .a perpendicular
line.
The Otis Company.
Wife Alleges That He Vowed to Cut
Her Throat If She Allowed New
Pastor to Baptize Her.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 19. — Because
she wished to be baptized by the new
pastor of the Shiloh Baptist Church,
Deacon Edward T. Asberry threatened
to cut hi3 Avife's throat with a razor.
This Is the allegation made by Mm.
Asberry and it lead to her husband's '
arrest. All the parties to the episode
are colored.
Rev. J. Gordon McPherson, who was
a member of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry, which took part in the famous
fight at San Juan Hill, recently came
to Sacramento and opened a season of «
revival meetings, which greatly stirred
the colored population. Mrs. Asberry,
the comely young wife of one of the
leading deacons in the church, was so
impressed by Rev. Mr. McPherson's
manner that she announced to her'
husband her intention to be baptized
next Sunday night. It appears that
Asberry has not looked with favor I
upon McPherson and his jealousy was
so aroused that Thursday ,night , he I
threatened to cut his wife's throat with I
a razor if she persisted in her pur
pose to be baptized by the new pas
tor. Deacon Asberry when, arrested
said he "Would not hurt his dear
little wife for the world," and that the
only reason he did not want her to be
baptized next Sunday night was that
she did not have as good clothes as he
would like to see her wear on such an
impressive occasion. I
COLORED CHURCH DEACON
THREATENS TO USE RAZOR
Under the new management this prom
inent hotel, always appreciated as first
class in every way, bids fair to become
even more popular.
The Occidental Hotel, known the world
over for its excellence as a hostelry, Is
now under new management, and some
changes are being made that will add
still more Jo the comfort of its gruests.
Aftfr the death of Major Hooper, who
wa.'i one of the most widely known of ho
tel men, his nephew. George Warren
Hooper, who had been in the house many
years and knows all the details of the
.conduct of such a laj-ge establishment.
became its lessee and manager, and he
is sustaining its reputation and more,
The exterior of the building has been re
painted and much painting, papering and
decorating has been done on the interior.
Other improvements are under way. A
fast-running elevator is to be- put in
soon and the plumbing is to be replaced
throughout. Modern bathtubs and every
thing in the way of new style lavatories
are to be introduced. New boilers will
supplant the old ones in the basement
nnd other Improvements will ba made
there. The cuisine of this house has
been famous for years. "Almoatns good
as the Occident3l." is a saying that is
used by those who wish to praise the
fare at other hotels.
Improvements at Occidental.
Jose; Mary A. Murphy, Oakland; Jen
| nett Laurie Miller, St. Louis, Mo.; Ed
i wina H. Davis, San Francisco; Ola
| Rowell, Fresno; Lolita Townsend, San
Jose; Mabel B. McDonald, Fresno;
¦ Lawrence Chenoweth, San Francisco:
M: Irene Brown.'San Jose; Stella Mae
! Hammond, Stockton; Jennie Dee.Mc-
Gilivary. Alliance; Mary Elizabeth
Shannon, Woodland; Sydney Maude
j Dinrmore, Arabella; Alice Meyers,
! Santa Clara; M. Maude Armstrong,
San Jose; . Rebecca Annie McLeod,
Mountain View; M. Evalin Tilman,
San Jose; Pearl L. McCloskey, Visalia;
; Annie Mildred Malloy. Salinas; Debra
I O'Keefe, San Jose; Elizabeth R. Dona
; hue, San Jose; Leila Ada Spaits, Wal
| nut Creek; Estelle Cottle, San Jose.
SAX JOSE, Dec. 19.— Twenty-nine
young teachers were graduated from
the State Normal School here yester
day. President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University delivered the ad
dress to the graduating class.
President M. E. Dailey of the Nor
mal School then presented certificates
to the following graduates: Charlotte
Adelia Anderson, Petaluma; Warren
S. Rice, Edenvale; Sarah Margaret
Dlnsmore, Arabella, Lake County;
Mary L. Hay ward, San Jose; Ray Ray
ner. College Park; Jeannette L. Stiles,
Biggs; Helen Howard O'Neill, 'San
Their Certificates.
Twenty-Nine or Them Pass the Exami
nations at San Jose and Receive
YOUNG TEACHERS GRADUATE
FROM THE. NORMAL SCHOOL
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 19. — Kossuth
Llgon, well dressed and in the posses
sion of plenty of money, is a United
States prisoner in the County Jail,
charged with being implicated in one
of the most gigantic schemes to de
fraud through the mails that has ever
been worked In the Southern States. A
United States officer is now en route
from Memphis, Tenn., to take him back
for trial.
The postal authorities had noticed
that a vast quantity of mail was being
sent to addresses throughout the South
and West by one Robert H. Banks of
Memphis and that he was receiving
thousands .of letters - daily, many of
them containing money orders. Banks
represented in his circulars that he
was receiver for the Mississippi Valley
Planters' Publishing. Company, and
that a "court of claims" at the instance
of the "Chicago Paper Company" had
ordered the distribution to subscribers
of all premiums which had been adver
tised. The list of premiums had been
partly destroyed, and Banks was or
dered to make out a new list. The pre
miums ranged from a mule r to a piano,
and all that was asked of those receiv
ing the circulars was that they remit
express charges and receive their pre
miums free. Of course, there were no
•such concerns as the "publishing com
pany," the "court of claims" or the
"Chicago Paper Company." and no sub^
scription list, but the victims fell over
each other in biting at the bait and
sent express charges, the amounts of
which depended upon the weight of the
article selected and the distance. The
swindle netted -the operators many
thousands of dollars.
Arrest Kossnth Ligon at Los Angeles
on Charge of Using the Mails
to Defraud Southerners.
FEDERAL AUTHORITIES
SPOIL SWINDLING GAME
SAX BERNARDINO, Dec. 19. — John
Pavkovich, a rich wine merchant of
Declezville, was arrested yesterday
; and charged with moonshlning. He is
; now In custody and more than 9000 gal
lons o* brand:: found on hi3 premises
; have been confiscated. For some time
| the United States officials have been
suspecting something wrong with the
business which Pavkovich is conduct
ing, his sales apparently being consid- '
erably larger than the amount of rcve- j
nue he pays. A trap for his capture !
was laid, and Thursday brought an end j
to the long watch. The officers pitched \
all the hay from Pavkovlch's barn and
beneath it found a trapdoor. This was
pried up and disclosed a stairway,
down which the officers passed/About'
fifteen or twenty feet befow they found
themselves in a large underground
room filled with casks of goodly size.
One at a time these were tapped, sam- j
pies being drawn off into bottles. In
each instance the casks were found to
contain brandy of a very fine brand.
The discovery fairly stunned the of
ficers for a time, the -contents of the
secret chamber representing from 9000
to 10,000 gallons of liquor, and proved
beyond a doubt to their minds the guilt
of the rich old Frenchman, who for
these many years evidently has be^n !
increasing his wealth at the cost of the
Government.
A number of deputies have* been left
In charge of the winery at Declezville.
until an order from the United States
court is received under which .the
brandy will be emptied out unto the
earth. r
This gives the Bay Cities Company
an Immense water supply, and at the
same time it has made a coup on the
Spring Valley Company. The water
supply of the Mount Hamilton water
shed is to be diverted into the big plant
of the Bay Cities Water Company,
near Coyote Station, ten miles south
of this city. An immense reservoir is
planned for Coyote Station, and already
the company has sunk some immense
wells there and erected a ' pumping
plant. The Bay Cities Company is^now
building a tunnel in the hills near
Smith Creek, which will be 3000 feet
long, . and through which the waters
Just secured will be carried to the big
reservoir near Coyote. , The purchase
from Qullty also secures a fine reser- ,
voir site with a capacity of 2,000,000,000
gallons.
The Spring Valley Water Company '
has a reservoir site in Calaveras Val
ley, on which it has done some work,
and it was the natural outlet for the
waters of the Mount Hamilton water- j
shed. By the transfer to-day the Bay I
Cities Company has got ahead of the
Spring Valley Company and secured a
water supply which is large enough to
make it a dangerous competitor of the
other company.
No price is mentioned in the transfer,
but It is said that the price is up in the
hundreds of thousands of dollars.
It is rumored that inside of a year
the Bay Cities Company will become
an active competitor of the San Jose
Water Company and the Spring Valley
Water Company. There is a legal fight
now pending between the three water
companies for the reservoir site at
Coyote, in which the San Jose and
Spring Valley companies are trying
to block the Bay Cities Company.
Citizens of the county are also pre
paring to enjoin the Bay Cities Com
pany from taking the water from the
gravel beds at Coyote, by wells, on the
ground .that the percolating waters of
the county will be interfered with, and
that the water supply of the farmers j
and the orchardists will suffer. The Bay j
Cities Company had proposed to take !
some 100,000,000 gallons a day from
this county to 3ell to Oakland and San
Francisco.
With the supply of water secured |
from the Mount Hamilton water-shed \
t£e Bay Cities Company will be able ,
to go right ahead /and carry out its
plans while the threatened litigation is j
pending, as the water brought from i
Smith Creek, -Santa Ysabel, Arroyo
Honda and Arroya Bonita creeks will !
be sufficient^ J
SAN JOSE, Dec. 19. — An important
transaction in relation to the water
supply of Santa Clara County went on
record yesterday, when C. W. Qullty
and wife and the' San Jose Lighting
Company transferred Ahe Mount Ham
ilton watershed to Frank G. Drum of
San Francisco. Drum is a representa
tive of Messrs. Haggin and T*evis, and
there is little doubt that the purchase
of the watershed is made for the Bay
Cities Water Company, in which Hag
ign and Tevis have large j interests.
From eighty to one hundred square
miles of watershed is secured, and it
has a storage capacity of 2,000,000,000
gallons.
The transfers recorded yesterday con
sist of five deeds. Three of these are.
from Quilty and his wife and the other
two are from "the San Jose Lighting
Company. These deeds cover sixty
eight deeds, giants, options and agree
ments, secured by Qullty since 1895,
and cover nearly every drop of water
of the Mount Hamilton water-shed.
The transaction shows that all lands,
water rights, rights of way, easements
and reservations along Smith Creek,
Arroyo Honda, Santa Ysabel and Ar
roya Bonita are sold to Drum. v
Special iy.8i>ateh to The Call.
1S94. $650,700.00; 1895. $1,340,200.00;
1K96. $2,393,100.00; 1897, $5,303,400.00;
]SS>S, $7.012.90O:D0; s 1830, $8,428,500.00;
J900. $10,326,500.00; 1901. $12,012,000.00;
19C2. $12,533,100.00; 1903, June 30, $14,
308.100.00. Now, $15,683,700.00.
The excellence and high standing of
this institution and the great benefits
derived from it by investors are thor
oughly demonstrated by its steady and
phenomenal growth since its founding.
This year's growth of the Continental
has broken the record. The subscribed
capital has - increased by over two
and one-half million dollars during the
year and the total subscribed capital is
now $15,6S3,700.
The paid-in capital has increased by
hajf a million dollars and now amounts,
in round numbers, to $3,000,000.
" During the year 743 loans have been
made, amounting to $990,400. Of this
number 362 were building loans.'
The personnel of the directorate of the
Continental is of the highest. This is
the list of officers and . directors:
Dr. Washington Dodge (City and
County -Assessor), president; James
McCullough (manager of Armour
Packing Company), vice president;
William Corbin, secretary and gen
eral manager; Gavin McXab, attor
ney, and Dr. Joseph G. Crawford (United
States Kxaminer. for Pensions). These
names stand for a great deal. They mean
integrity and intelligent and progressive
business methods.
The Continental believes that " the
doorstep of one's own home is a long
step toward success. It also believes
that it is better to buy a home than to
borrow one. The report of Secretary and
Manager Corbin shows a total of 362
new homes "built for members during the
year. During the previous year 184 were
erected.
The Continental has now 15,000 mem
bers who are not home builders, but are
using the association for the purpose of
saving such money as they may be able
from time to time to deposit and thus ac
cumulate. On all such money they are
being paid a liberal rate of interest.
.The six per cent certificates of deposit
issued by this association are among the
best investments in the State. The in
terest is payable semi-annually on the
first d~ay of January and the first day of
July of each year.
The comparative statement, showing
the increase in subscribed capital- of the
Continental each year, from June 30.
3 894. to June 30, 1903. is interesting as
showing the marvelous growth of the
business of this progressive home-build
ing concern. This statement is as fol
lows:
| This not, only gives the Continental a
j proud position In the public estimation,
but it speaks well for the growth of the
city of San Francisco and. the State of
California, including the many thriving
Interior cities, whose people have availed
themselves in a large degree of the ben
efits offered by this concern. • ,
i The Continental Building and Loan As
i-.FOclation not only gives an opportunity
to the prudent to acquire homes of their
: own, but it serves as a method of saving
I and accumulating money to those who
3i e not -ready to or do not desire to
build.
The Continental Building and Loan As
sociation of. California, with offices at
301 California street, corner of Battery,
outranks to-day In tho volume of busi
ness transacted any other institution
of a like character in the United States.
Corporation Is Now in Position
to Carry Out Its Plans
Despite Pending Litigation
Subscribed : Capital Now More
Than $1 5,000,000 and Busi
ness Extends to All Localities
More Tlian Nine Thousand
Gallons of Liquor Are Dis
covered Buried Under a Barn
FIND ILLICIT BRANDY
FIVE DEEDS RECORDED
ITS MARVELOUS ADVANCE
Continental Building and Loan
I Association Adding Greatly
to the Prosperity of State
Bay Cities Company Makes an
Important Move in Fight for
Supremacy in ' Santa Clara
Federal Authorities Airest a
Bcsident of Dcclezvillo on
a Charge of 3Ioonshininp;
SECURES MILES
OF WATERSHED
ERECTS HOMES
FOR THOUSANDS
SEIZE WINERY
IN SOUTHLAND
. :-.- - . . . - - ....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.' SUNDAY. DECEMBER 20. 1903.
Chilled steel shot- are now successfully
used instead of black diamonds for core
rock ; drills. ;1B6i«£**-:
64
AD VEBTISKTTRT?T&
O- ; ¦ ¦ ¦ : O
1 ."' . l
FERRY STEAMER "SAUSALITO"
\
LENGTH 236 PEET. GBOSS TO3T2IAOE 176C
DEPTH 15 PEET. WET TOSTUAGE 1373.
ESTEEME BEA21 74 PEET.
(2 '¦ ¦ O
•w V • /!• UvvLL Ul Jvl i
Incorporated
Shipbuilders
AND
Engineers
Office: 20 California Street Shipyard and DrydocK
SAN FRANCISCO OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA
A. E. WELLINGTON, Secretary.
W. A. BOOLE, President.
Drydock and Ma- Best facilities on Pa-
rine Railway, Ca- cific Coast for the re-
pacity 4000 Tons pairing of wooden,
Dead Weight. iron or steel vessels.
."¦/.'.;; ¦ *
PBEZ> !¦. K1WO. PresiSeat. H. A. KXZTS. Secretary. ?
Phone Slain 1783. * *
" '*
|- , i
\ ffg IkeystoueI Sn :
t -Ur %cyumder# • i/ :
!! 1 OIL g cs*// !
:; Petroleum and Its Products;
|: 116 FRONT ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL |
n 'Works, Mason and Jeff arson Sts. ?
" £oa Angel ss Branch: Seattle Branch: •
o 151 North Main St. 114 James St. *
«««>«»»»>»•••••»•••? •••••••••••••••••••• • • • • • » » « »
|| A DrOP OF INK MAKES MILLIONS THINK.
> 2000 NZWSPAPE3S ASS PSHfTUD WITH OTJB XNX. U
>': WE MAKE 10,003 J^BB. OP FSnTOTO IUK Vmt DAT. >>
California Ink Company j
; ij ISannf actor ers ot <*
; PRINTING AND LITHO. INK. ||
; y MAIN OFFICE— 415 Commercial Si., San Francises. |:
I l'r< BRANCH OFFICES: j:
sast rEAsrcisco, nisw yobx, csxcaoo. 1 >
IiOS AHuEIES, SEATTIiE, POST1AJTD, S>
' EOITOIjTTIiXT, H. X.. MEXiBOTTBZn:, AU3t^ 3TD3ET. Aust, §
; CITY OP MEXICO, COX.OMBO, Ceylos, SSAZTOHAX, China,
YOKOHAMA, Japan, VAZATX&A27, Mas. Yf
rACTOHIES — San Prancisoo and West Berkeley. ?;
\ - . . ¦ . ¦ «
, . ;^ H >x-v4~:^»»>x-K-4-i~>-H^ vi-i-i^"X "i-r-K-i-i-i- :¦: mi : : 1 1 1 r r-t-r- ©
The CrooMest Railroad in the World 1
The people of San Francisco do not •!•
seem t<» appreciate the fact that they £SffR£k 4»
have within easy access one of the most |j?j?»T3
pleasant anrl moot instructive day's out- •:•
ir.jr. but those coming from a distance T
fully realize it. as 90 per cent of iS^^lSiT^PSW V
all the (travelers coming to California gJJSMa-1 rll U f A \ A /ii f*JrStt Y
have had and looked forward to the KP*^MpJS^^f|^ > 'H|mn V
pleasure of a trip up Mount Tamalpais. Qr££3$£2>b£^SffKe3B&B°Ka *•*
This grand old mountain stands as a V
sentinel overlooking the Golden Gate. KahfeifrrloyyEwtfj^jy V
Mount Tamalpais. which has an eleva- «nfti ."JTT^ffiJKr *'*
tion of only about one-half of a mile. WBgjn^agB^^T V
commands a view of the mountains, bay = '***KSil23jr T.
and ocean, unsurpassed by any other \EfcrSffiS?53»N5*5jv * ; *
mountain peak !n the world, as from Vfffli SS^Klfe^T :
here you get the. actual height ripht from >B^|^Mgy J,
th«- level of the sea. whilo from most \fi&&Fg5Pjy -i*
mountain peaks, which may be higher in xSssrStf^ •'•
, actual elevation, you "do not get the ex- 4*
panse and variety of views, on account 4*
, of the surrounding mountains and val- y JL
leys being- of such a high elevation. , • 4-
The railroad to the top of the mountain is a steam traction, and Is not a 4.
cog road. It has no steep inclines to make one's hair stand on end. The •[• I
grade is -gradual. On account of its having two hundred and eighty-one ••
curves In the short distance of 8 1-5 miles. It is known as "THE CB00K- ••
EDEST BAIXiBOAX) IK THE WORLD"; it being so near the coast and ••
above the fogs. and winds, the summit is generally clear; no two days ••
give the same effect and impression, and he who misses the trip to Mount • •
Tamalpais misses much. Indeed. • T
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I BANK : i
| i CORNER MARKET AND SANSOME STREETS, ;
[ SAX FRAXCISCO. '
: President HOMER S. KING San Francisco. -.;
; Cashier F. L. LIPMAN. San Francisco. / M
; Assistant Czshier FRANK B. KING San Francisco. j
. Assistant Cashier JOHN E. MILES Sao Francisco. ;
: BRANCHES: i
: NEV YORK H. B. PARSONS, Cisbier. )
; SALT LAKE H. L. MILLER, Cashier. j
I PORTLAND, Or R. LEA BARNES, Cashier. {*
: f*~~ i j
| Statement of Condition j
At Close of Business, July 3J, 1903. ]
I ASSETS. i
; Loans $14,223,608.54 j
; l - Bonds, Stocks and Warrants 2,683,397.15 <
[ ' Real Estate J 1,893,623.86 1
; . Ivfascdlaneous Assets 4,632.94 • '<
J Due from Banks and Bankers... 1,572,353.51 \
I Cash 3,173,843.00' <
I $23^56,459.00 \
I LIABILITIES. j
| Capital, paid up r $ 500,000.00 <
: Surplus 5,750,000.00 <
; Undivided Profits.- 7,311,587.24 J
I Deposits,Banks and Bankers... 2,063,474.88 )
; Deposits, Individual* 7,931,396.88 \
\ $23,556,459.00 v j
I General Banking Business in all its branches. Corre* j
| spondents throughout the world. Accounts received - i
I on favorable terms. \
I ¦ COMPANY c-p-tcd,
? I Manufacturers and Dealers X
| w :H7 wrapping paper, j
I Sf PAPER BAGS,
I TWINES, Etc.
• i South Coast .
! No. 2 Manila 410 412-414 Sansome Street
I and Ragi SE. Cor. Commercial.
I i San Franciscoi Col. \
I Telephone Excbaaffe 352.
} Buyer and Seller 24.
Ly^A^ww^r ,~v-~s~^~v^~~~ n~~~~~~~~s~~^
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS: J
WESTERN ELECTRIC COMPANY, i
Dynamos and Motors, • i
Arc and Incandescent Lamps, - \
Electrical Supplies of all kinds. I
WRITE FOR CA TALOGUE AND PRICES. \
547 MISSBON STREET, San Francisco, j
Pacific Tool and Supply Co.
DEALERS IN ]
• FINE TOOLS AND MATERIALS FO» WORKERS IN METALS
101 to III FIRST STREET
: S. E. CORNER MISSION Telephone Private Exchange 177
GEO. E. DOW PUMPmGlSS
\ prriCE and WOBZS >:
\ J 79 FIRST STREET I
I SAN FRANCISCO - - CALIFORNIA '|
f mmm^^^^^ mmttKK^ « Tm D {3 lp| JBTm Bf EqBQf B il L'n£H tSstSm \A <
', ** OPERATED BY |
! STEAM, AIR OR ELECTRICITY. |
; SEND FOR rnTH |Microscopic experiments have shown
that the electrically made steel. Is not
different in any way from crucible steel.
( -KIEL.- Dec. 19.— The new -German
.'cruiser Hamburg attained a "speed, of
'23 1-3 knots to-day on her. trial trip
from Swinemunde to Kiel.
Question of -Veracity.
relabel Wallace. . who lives in the
Brooklyn Hotel, was arrested yester
day by Detective Braig and booked at
the "City Prison on a charge of -felony
embezzlement. The complaining wit
ness Is Walter' Barnes, who alleges he
gave the defendant $160 for safekeep
ing and when. he asked "her for the
money she' denied" that she had /ever
received It.
Arrangements have been made with
the Southern Pacific Company whereby:
"Automobiles can be transported from
San Francisco to Del Monte and return
for $30 per railroad' car, minimum 10,000
pounds, any excess above such, weight to
be paid for proportionately with the rate
named. The same number of machines
to be returned by. each consignee as
shipped from San Francisco."
'Likewise, special tickets of $10.00.
good' from Saturday to Monday, includ
ing two days' accommodation at the ho
tel. Hence, by using the two rates
named, owners, at nominal expense, can
send machines to Del Monte in advance
on Friday and enjoy Saturday to Monday
in .touring about the country or playing
golf;part of.. the time on the best, eigh
teen-hole course in America, - the ma
chines 'returning home, Tuesday. •'
• Further,- the $30:00 rate will permit
two or more owners pooling machines in
the same car, if consigned to one per
son. • ¦ - '-''¦¦¦ -..,.., ,-;,;
It Is almost superfluous to say to any
business man that the Anglo-Callfornian
Bank, at the northeast, corner of San
some and Pine streets, is one of the
great financial institutions of the city
and State, for which reason its fame is
international. Its standing Is. very high
and its volume of business is. large.
The authorized capital is $6,000,000. of
which half has been subscribed and
$1 600.000 paid in. The surplus and un
divided profits aggregate $800,000.
The Anglo-Californian does business
with the Chartered Banks of India. China
and Australia. Its operations are exten
sive in the commercial arena of the civ
ilized world. It ..transacts a general
banking business, including: the issuing
of bills of exchange, commercial and
travelers' letters' of credit and the'ear
rying on of a large collection business.
The local managers are Ipnatz Stein
hart and P. N. Lillenthal. two of the best
known financiers on the Pacific Coast.
The London directors are J. Simon. Isaac
Seligman. H.H. Fowler. E. H. Lushing
ton and Joseph Sebag.
A Great Banking House.
To Golfers and Automobilists.
WONDERFUL RATES
Memories of pioneers run back to the
early days when there were but few bus
ncsa houses in' San Francisco — and
among the fow that were .stable from
the outset may be mentioned the "popu
lar house of Murphy. Grant & Co. the
growth of which has been unbroken since
the old days of San Francisco.
During, the prosperous half-century of
its existence the firm's business has been
extended to wide areas of the West and
the Orient. Wherever the fame of the
house has spread Its sales . have in
creased. Its Paciflc'Coast sales are very
large and stamp it as one of "the most
important business houses .in the Far
Wr.st.
Several times the house has had to en
large its imposing building at the north
cast corner of Sansome and Bush streets,
now one of the : most ¦ spacious and
best equipped business houses in the
city. The members of the firm are con
servative men of integrity, holding high
places in the business and social life of
San Francisco. '.'¦'-" : .'~ ; ~~, ¦ '
Murphy, Grant & Co.
The judgment of the court, as out
lined by Judge Beatty, to be elaborated
and signed later, gives the defendants
the alternative of submitting to the
inspection, as directed in the original
order of the court, at the date to be set
by the complainant, or of Heinze, Tre
rise and Frank paying fines of $2000,
$500 and $500 respectively, ih addition
to being given into the custody of the
United States Marshal and being con
fined in the County Jail at Helena until
the order Is complied with.
Compliance with the orcer of Novem
ber 3, issued by Judge Hiram Knowles,
satisfies the Judgment, which is stayed
until a time as shall be specified by
the Butte and Boston Company for the
inspection to take place.
HELENA, Mont.. Dec. 19.— F. Au
gustus Heinze, J. H. Trerise, the Mon
tana Ore Purchasing Company, Albert
Frank and the Johnstown Mining Com
pany have been found guilty of con
tempt of the United States Court by
Judge Knowles' court. The contempt
was in disregarding an order of inspec
tion and survey, granted on November
3, directing that the Butte and Boston
Company be allowed to inspect the
workings of the Michael Davitt and
remove from a crosscut a quantity of
debris and water with which it had
been filled. The order was directed to
the parties adjudged guilty of con
tempt.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 19.— At the
trial of Isaac Gravelle. charged with
sending blackmailing letters to the
Northern Pacific and with dynamiting
trains, it developed to-day that the de
fendant had written threatening letters
to a witness, Bert Caty, inclosing an
other of the same character, which
Caty was to mail to the foreman of
the jury. Gravelle undertook to smug
gle the letter out of the Lewis and
Clark County jail about two weeks ago.
. Caty is a witness for the State. In
a letter addressed to him he was
warned that unless he went on the
stand and testified that the Northern
Pacific detectives had bribed him to
testify' against the defendant his house
would be blown up. Inclosed was a
letter printed with pen and ink which
Caty was directed to mail to the fore
man of the Jury. In this letter the
jurors were told that the defendant was
an innocent man and unless they ac
quitted him their houses would be
Mown up with dynamite. It ended, "Be
ware of us, we are the dynamiters." 1
Much of the testimony was of expert
character, tending to show that the
handwriting of Gravelle was precisely
the same as that of the writer of the
blackmailing letters alleged by the
State to have been written by the de
fendant. The letter addressed to the
Great Northern and mailed at Cascade
October 8 demanding $15,000 was also
shown to be in the handwriting of Gra
velle. ;{*%'*'
To-day the Pacific Coast Company,
which controls the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, leased from private par
ties a tract of ten acres of land at the
corner of Tenth and Alameda streets,
this city, to be used as a retail lumber
yard. Possession of the property is
given January 1. The lease is for ten
years and the location is considered
especiallly good for the purposes for
which it is to be used. It is in close
proximity to nearly all the large plan
ing mills and to the tracks of both the
Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe rail
roads.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. .19.— The war
between the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and the local lumber compa
nies is approaching a crisis. General
Manager W. E. Pearce of the steam
ship company arrived in the city yes
terday and is in consultation with local
officers of the company on the situa
tion. Commenting on the present status
of the fight Mr. Pearce said:
"We have had no intimation from the
lumber companies that they want to
compromise the fiGht. There is only
one compromise we will entertain, and
that is the abandonment by the lumber
companies o: the passenger | business
they are doing with their steam schoon
ers.
"A corner in lumber is impossible. No
man or set of men can corner the lum
ber supply en this coast. We have no
such idea as that. We are simply go
ing into the lumber business, and will
stay in it as long as. the lumber com
panies do a passenger business. When
they stop that we will go out of the
lumber trade. One or the other has got
tc get a knockout blow, and, of course,
we don't think we will be that one."
Steamship Corporation and Tim
ber Dealers in Southern Cali
fornia Will Not Compromise
Copper Majrnate Must Observe
Conrt Killing or Be Im
prisoned in Jail at Helena
Sensational Testimony Is Given
in Northern Pacific Dyna
miting Case in Montana
HEINZE GUILTY
OF CONTEMPT
WEAVING A NET
ABOUT GRAYELLE
LUMBE R WAR
NEARS CRISIS
THE SAN" FRANCISCO - CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
Kaiser Reviews Hanover / Veterans. ,
HANOVER.' Germany, Dec. 19.—
The .one hundredth" anniversary of the
formation of the former. Hanoverian
regiments was the occasion to-day of
a considerable celebration. Emperor
William reviewed the regiments and
some thousands of veterans of the'
old Hanoverian army. The Emperor
commanded that a jubilee medal be
struck in % commemoration of the
event.
65
. ADVERTISEMENTS. "1* ."
O f M " EM —" """"" .¦'¦i'—^ t^Mmm^mmnm —»™™" ¦. ,., ."'¦"¦ ¦ iiiii.t-...---... — . _ . .^
O i!m j '" " ' :¦ ¦; , ¦-. " * ' -m*-^ '
| ESTABLISHED IN 1868.
. -• :^^^^^^^M^^^^^^^^^X^^^SWmM'^WX^^^^^^m !-< turers on the Pacific
Wi^ f $\W&*-~ '¦ ¦ . -•'¦£ : 4 •¦' ¦¦•,----•.•- • ¦ '¦ .^^S*M^fJ^^ d Coast of
g Loncentration and ¦& Fv^nQ' HvAmuVr
i Combination Mills tS^SI^^ Elevators
S I : _ >
G * ¦ ¦
o , ¦ • ___^.^_.^. ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ i.
• Hydraulic Riveted Sheet Steel Pipe a Specialty. [
O L ¦¦¦¦¦I, ¦ —— . .a - — -- -¦ II
I . OIL AND WATER ' TANKS.
o . •-¦-¦-. • . -
o . . . , :;, ..
S Works at Potrero. Office: Corner of Steuart and Folsom Streets.
I ¦•-'•- -V- SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
r * V.n .mw^— -- H J)|T- i....— -¦ »-»--»¦-----— -—-—¦ ¦ —»»»»««»-— »^...»n..u^.-..., 11 ..^.mL.. m «n« ml , J «i,.« l «u BIJ iii, M
O ~ i--~-~ fWli«rr,T,».^.rr«-»T- B M— Trim^iir-— — -—^^«_™ D «_ ¦ • ~~~~~T~"
DEERE IMPLEMENT CO.
209-211 MARKET STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, : : : : CALIFORNIA
Exporters and dealers in ' j
Agricultural Implements, j
...Buggies and Wagons^ j
DEERE VEHICLES ARE ALL I
s A Complete Stock of — . ¦ ?
j! John Deere Plows Schuttler Wagons I
Deere Disc Harrows Deering Mowers and I
Buckeye Drills Deere AH Right Vehicles I
Carried In San Frknclsco >
Cable Address -s- Telephone \ ft
DEERE, SAN FRANCISCO -S- MAIN 5186 ft
."¦... • <>
,ttADZ UASEj.. j|
LEONARD Xk*^ $&^^&k Jdt * Works, 1
I I 1 IRPICATINfl Oil Show the Best Results \
I LUDK1^A111>U U1LO at a Minimum Cost |
416 and 418 Front St. Tel. Main 1719 San Francisco, CaL
; REFWERIES-Eigewater, N. Jii "Warren, Pcnn.
1 N ¦
Shop Telephone Main II 27 Residence Telephone White 441
I Bananas, Oranges :
Nvts, etc.
« LARGEST AND MOST KESPONSI- <|
# BLE FIRM IN THE STATE. HAN- i
';> PLES ALL, KINDS OK GREXJJ AND ',•
<;<! D151ED FRUITS. j!
¦ft J^.' O. SBXiSO-VTCX & CO. \
?> 519 AND. 521 SANSOMB ST. .,5
BRTSON'S
J I2QHADY IN RED-m
L Free Witft Next Sundays Calf
* s **« 7 ?f TZ * 3 Z4 ¦ %£ %& tf KbJjHJftSSEy^r^^™*^- y 1 '' \ 1 /9 TO if \ TZ 73 ¦*¥\2f .<¦ 7/
, ,., '• I, ;...•' ' » • i . . ' .' i ¦' — — . ,;
1904 — LADY IN RED— 1904 <:
THE CALL is sold by all newsdealers and train. news- !;
boys on the Pacific Coast. . ' . i
I The DAILY CALL is Greater San Francisco's greatest
paper. You will be missing the. news of the day. if you,. don't ; J
read THE CALL. Avail yoursejt of the earliest opportunity ; I
to subscribe for it and get all of the news of the world. . ; >ARDMORE. I. T.. Dec. 19.— S. E.
Donnelly & Co.. cotton • brokers, with ,
offices at Gainesville, Tex.;. Oklahoma !
City. Okla., and Paul's Valley - and {
Ardmore, I. T., suspended to-day.'The |
company's total . indebtedness, # it is j
said, will prove heavy. Local cotton*
speculators are said to. have been I
caught for probably $20,000. The firm I
has a membership in : the New Or
leans Cotton Exchange and the .Chi
cago. Board • of Trade,; and leased a
wire out of New "Orleans. S. E. Don- I
nelly has disappeared. j
Cotton Brokers Go to the Wall.
Brave Fireman Hurt.
NEW YORK, Dec. .19.~In a fire
which destroyed a Brooklyn tenement
house early to-day Lieutenant John
Freel of the Fire. Department was fa
tally injured \ by 'falling: three stories
from a fire escape. : With his comrades
he: had' just carried" twenty ••five wom
en and "children- from , the building.
Many'of them undoubtedly would have
been \ suffocated but' for] the [ bravery of
the rescuers.
Vessel Supposed to Belong to Amer
ican Line Strikes Rock in Philip
pine Waters.
MANILA. Dec. 19.— -The United I
States transport Kingsley is, ashore at
Murcielagos, North Mindanao, with a
rock through her bottom. j
I A small British steamer, the Kings- !
ley, sailed from Manila October 20 for,
the : Philippine provinces. • She may j
have been .chartered as a-.transport by.
the, authorities • at Manila. Otherwise "
there is. no record of «a United States "
transport ' named Kingsley. " |
• Fourteen Southern States,' with a com
bined- population'. of- about 20,400.000.
have- 2 <.000 saloons, or about one for <60
Inhabitants. New York," with a census
population- of -7.28S.000. . has • 34,000 sa
loons, or one for 214 inhabitants.
TRANSPORT KINGSLEY
IN DISTRESS ASHORE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19. — The Sec
retary of War has determined to take
no further action toward the utter
ances of Major General MacArthur
in Honolulu recently, in Which he is
-alleged to have predicted war between
the United States and Germany. In
a cablegram to the department Gen
eral MacArthur explains that his re
marks were made in private conver
sation and not with the slightest idea
that they would be given publicity.
In view of the precedents in such
cases the department will allow the
matter to drop.
General Says They Were Uttered in
Private and the Entire Matter
Will Be Passed.
MACARTHUR'S WORDS
WILL BE IGNORED
Clerks in Rome Board of Works Up in
Arms Because Their • Holidays
tS\> '¦'. Arc Curtailed. ..
ROME, Dec. 19.— The clerks in the
Ministry of Public Works engaged in
a demonstration to-day which threat
ened to develop into a riot or a strike
and required the intervention of the
Minister "and Under Secretary before
the clerks were .pacified.. The dis
turbance was due to the fact that a
bill affecting the interests of the clerks
in the Ministry: of Public:' Works was
discussed ln the Chamber of Depu
ties and the agitation among those
clerks began . spreading - among
clerks employed .in 'other minis
tries. It . was . pointed out to the
clerks that the bill .was not discussed
because, the'f Government could not
keep the .Deputies: in; Rome. Parlia
ment only opened about three weeks
ago, but' the , Deputies- insist that they
must have their Christmas holidays. ,
PUBLIC EMPLOYES
THREATEX TO STRIKE
WASHINGTON', Dec. 19. — Dr.
Sheldon Jackson, general agent of the
Bureau of Education, to-day received
a letter from William E. Davis, su
perintendent of public schools at Una
laska, Aleutian Islands, saying that
slavery exists among the population
in the islands. ' "'
In his letter Davis says that slavery
has existed' ln the islands from time
immemorial and that it is still gen
eral. He gives a number of instances
of orphans and waifs- being held as
slaves and, says he has been unable to
make the owners give up their "prop
erty." He asks for Instructions as io
how to deal vith the conditions.
Jackson said to-day that he had
known for some time that slavery ex
isted in the Aleutian Islands and that
Governor Brady* of Alaska had some
time ago taken steps to remedy the
evil. He said the principal offending
slave owners were not Aleutians, but
Americans and foreigners who had
married Aleutian women and among
whom r the possession ' of slaves was
considered a mark of wealth.
General Agent of Educational Bureau
Wants to Know How to Treat
the Evil.
SAYS SLAVERY EXISTS
IX ALEUTIAN ISLAXDS
CHICAGO, Dec. 19.— For the first
time in the^ history pf the United
States, as far ns local) records show,
a jury composed of six women sat on
a ca3e before Judge Honore in the
Juvenile Court to-day. The jury
passed on a petition to have Mary
McGann, 8 years of age, declared a
delinquent and placed in an institu
tion. The mother of the girl declared
that her child had been with her all
her life and would die if taken away
from her. The jury returned a ver
dict that both mother and daughter
should be sent to Dunning. The ver
dict was concurred in by a jury of six
mea in order to make it legal.
Mother and Daughter Are Sent to
Home Together on Plaint
of Defendant.
SIX WOMEN OX JURY
IX JUVENILE CASES
One of the best equipped, most popu
lar and most reasonable Vesorts ln San
Francisco is Techau's Tavern. Recent
Improvements have made the beautiful
restaurant about all that the ingenuity
of man can offer in the way of perfect
ventilation, the health and convenience
of guests being cardinal points in the
plans of the management. < •
A good orchestra is one of the pleasant
features of the Tavern, which is one of
the few restaurants in the West where
music of a high order of excellence may
be heard during meal time.
The menu always offers guests the
largest possible selection of food and the
service is superb. The best In the mar
ket is the motto throughout and the
prices arc the most reasonable imagin
able.
Techau's Superb Tavern.
BOISE. Idaho. Dec. 19. — The east
bound limited express on the Short
Line Railroad ran into the rear of- a
freight train on Mebury Hill, fifteen
miles west of Glenns Ferry, to-day.
The following were injured: Engin
eer Kiser of the passenger train,
knocked out badly; Fireman Potter of
the passenger, arm broken, badly
bruised, may be Injured internally;
passenger, name unknown, slightly
bruised.
Two tramps, riding the blind bag
gage, were injured, one having a leg
cut off Just above the ankle, and one
foot of the other i3 so badly injured
It may have to be amputated. The
wreck delayed traffic for some hour3.
Limited Express on Short Line
Crashes Into Freight Train With
Disastrous Results.
MANY INJURED IX
REAR END COLLISION
The Associated Oil Company' have
largely increased their business during
the past year, their present output of
crude oil being more than one-third of
the total production of the State. They
own fully 60 per cent of the Kern River
field and about 90 per cent of the McKit
trick field, as well as large acreage in
° The company' are in excellent condition
to handle the fuel oil business, owning
tanks at all large cities throughout the
State, including San Francisco. Stockton^
San Jose. Sacramento and a number or
others; also owning a large number of
tank cars, which enables them to take
care of all orders without delay.
Their tankage in the field and at the
various stations named above is capable
of storing one million barrels of oll.and
Is almost full at the present time, their
production having enabled them to nil :
this storage in addition to takmgr-care or
their commercial business. !
They are operating at the present
time about 200 producing wells and have
about 70 wells capped in.
The Associated Oil Company.
William Alvord. president of the Bank
of California, is one of the best-known
bankers in the West, shrewd and safe in
his methods, but with a perceptive fac
ulty and a liberality that maintain an
expansive and progressive policy/ Frank
B. Anderson is the one new officer of the
year. After the death of Mr. Thomas
Brown, who for thirty years was known
as one of the ablest financiers of the
United States, the bank officers looked
about for a successor equal to the re
sponsibilities of his position. They se
lected Mr. Anderson as a suitable person
to succeed Mr. Brown in the executive
management of the bank. • He is a well
known financier, having left the assist
ant cashiership of. the American Ex
change and National Bank of New York
to come to this city. Irving F. Moul
ton. the cashier, who, after a connection
of twelve years with the bank, was ad
vanced from assistant cashier to cashier,
as such has made a most efficient and
capable officer.
'The bank buys and sells foreign and
domestic exchange, makes telegraphic
transfers of money to all points and Is
surs commercial and travelers' letters of
credit available in all parts of the world.
To financial institutions resting on
foundations that have the fullest trust
of the business world . at home and
abroad must a commonwealth depend
as much as upon any advantages of fer
tility or climate ior its prosperity and
steady progress. The famous Bank of
California, founded upon the roc,k of
sound business principle in 1864 by men
whose names inspired that confidence
which at once firmly establishes such
institutions, has been a factor in the
Golden State's wonderful advance. Un
der intelligent, conservative and thor
oughly progressive management this
great institution has grown with the
city and State whose name it bears, un
til to-day its record and its standing are
things both for its stockholders and for
the community to look upon with pride.
This year's statement of the Bank of
California speaks volumes to business
men and financiers.
Assets — Loans and discounts, $13,833,
139 84: bank premises. $250,000 00;
other real estate. $173,765 23: merchan
dise L.-Cr. account. $403,869 34; sundry
bonds and stocks." $1,742,073 24; Govern
ment bonds S6SO.784 47. due from banks
and bankers $4,157,275 34, money on
hand. $4,008,271 02— $8,846,330 83. Total
assets. $25,249,168 48.
Liabilities — Capital paid in gold coin,
$3,000,000 00: surplus and undivided pro
fits. 56.459.637 01; dividends unpaid,
$224 00: acceptances under Ls.-Cr.,
$461,747 S3; other liabilities. $69,196 71;
depositors. $15,258,362 87. Total liabili
ties. $25,249,168 48.
The names of the men who are in
charge of the Bank of California also
furnish a silent but impressive testi
monial of its worth. i
1 William Alvord. president.
Charles R. Bishop, vice president.
Frank B. Anderson, vice president.
Irvinj? F. Moulton. cashier.
Sam H. Daniels, assistant cashier.
William R. Pentz. assistant cashier.
Allen M. Clay, secretary.
Directors — William James M.
Allen, Frank B. Anderson, William Bab
cock, Charles R. Bishop. Antoine Borel,
Warren D. Clark, George E. Goodman.
Adam Grant, Edward W. Hopkins, John
F. Merrill, Jacob Stern. "
Bank of California Makes
Great Showing for Year
and Increases Capital Stock
GROWTH TOLD
BY STATEMENT
The examination continued along the
lines of Alexander's correspondence to
New York from Paris, detailing the
progress of the Paris negotiations. Un
termyer reading a number of expres
sions from the letters that entertained
the audience greatly. It was brought
out that the attitude of Morgan, Harjes
& Co., unfavorable at first to the ship
building proposition, was changed com
pletely after the receipt of the July 30
cablegram and' from G. W. Perkins
announcing that Schwab and his
friends were interested and would be
glad of as favorable a view of it as
possible. Harjes, it appeared, had told
Alexander that he had been unfavor
ably impressed with the shipbuilding
concern because of the character of its
promoter, John W. Young, but Alexan
i der assured him that Young was not
the "whole thing," and intimated his
Intention of cabling Morgan in New
York that he would make his financial
arrangements with some other house if
I the attitude of the Paris branch was
not changed.
It was brought out that $200,000 worth
of shipbuilding securities had been set
aside for the purpose of subsidizing the
French press.
¦ The hearing will be resumed next
I Tuesday.
NEW YORK, Dec. 19. — When the
hearing in the United States shipbuild
ing receivership case was resumed
yesterday Untermyer continued his
examination of Charles B. Alexander
of the firm of Alexander & Green. It
Is recognized by counsel that the hear
ing wili extend well into next year,
Untermyer 6aying that he has a num- J
ber of witnesses yet to call in addi
tion to Schwab, Pam and John W. j
Young before the defense begins to
present Its case.
The heariwg opened with a tilt be
tween Guthrie and Untermyer, Guthrie
rising to state for Alexander that none
of the cablegrams which he sent from
abroad during the summer of 1902 in
regard to the selling of securities re
ferred to shipbuilding, and that if Un
termyer desired to "pry into Alexan
der's private business affairs" the ca
blegrams would be opened to his in
spection. Untermyer resented the
phrasing of the statement, and the ex
amination then proceeded.
Untermyer asked if a cable message
in code of July 28, 1902. directing the
New York office to "sell my rights on
my tomb" referred to shipbuilding
stock, but Alexander insisted that ship
building stock was not his "tomb," and
Untermyer augmented the merriment
by asking how "tomb" was spelled.
The cablegrams in question, over
whose admission in evidence so strong
a fight has been made, came to the
knowledge of complaintant's counsel
through Dresser, but not in such a way
that they could be used in evidence
from that source. Alexander continued
his tactics of declining to answer most
questions about correspondence on the
ground that it was privileged. Alexan
der told at length of the connection of
his firm and himself with the early at
tempts to form a shipbuilding concern,
but parried successfully most of Unter
myer's attempts to obtain any impor
tant sensational testimony about the
final attempt.
ROME, Dec. • 19.— At -the- Vatican to
day the. statement of the Tribuna yes
terday that Cardinal Gotti, Prefect of
the Propaganda, had handed Pope Pius
$9,000,000 in bank notes, . said to have
been confided to Cardinal Gotti by the
late Pope Leo with instructions to turn
the money, .over to his successor after
a Derlod of four months, was denied.
On the same authority the statement
of the Tribuna that an electrician
found in a hole in the wall $1,850,000 in
gold or any other treasure also was de
nied.
The press is authorized to .announce
that the truth is that the present Pope
immediately after his ascension to the
throne received $8,400,000, as "indicated
in the part of the late Pope's .will which
was not made public. The delivery of
the money was effected by Cardinals
Gotti, Rampolla and Cretoni, Pope
Leo's.executors, who brought the larger
part of the bonds from the Propaganda,
where they were kept.
of the affair.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 19.— The Alex
andretta affair is believed to be prac
tically settled with satisfaction to all
parties, though there is still a possi
bility that a few days will be required
to arrange the details of the settlement.
The Navy Department to-day received
word that the San Francisco has left
Beirut for Alexandretta, carrying as a
passenger of honor United States Con
sul Davis. The Consul's return in state
is explained by the fact that the Sub
lime Porte, after further investigation,
has accepted the American view of the
unpleasant affair at Alexandretta and
has signified an intention of making
amends. So Consul Davis goes to Al
exandretta to be received with honor
by the local authorities, who will make
proper explanations of the incident.
The State Department has received a
cablegram from * Minister Leishman.
giving the details of the settlement of
the trouble. He says that the Turkish
Government has instructed the Gov
ernor of Alexar.dretta to apologize to
the Consul on hts return there.
United States Minister Leishman has
informally discussed the incident with
Tewflk Pasha, the Foreign Minister,
but he has not yet presented a formal
demand for reparation. The officials
show a desire to arrive at a settlement
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 19.— Rear
Admiral Cotton left Beirut yesterday
on board the cruiser San Francisco,
taking Consul Davis to Alexandretta,
which: Dlace Davis left, as announced
on December S. because he had. been
insulted and assaulted by the police
while accompanying on board a depart
ing steamer a naturalized American,
Attarian, who had been liberated from
prison through the Intervention of the
Consul. t .
Evidence Shows That an Im
mense Sum ; Was Raised to
Subsidize the French Press
Sublime Porte Accepts United
States' View of Attack Upon
Agent by Ottoman Police
Immense Sum Is Stated to
Have ; Been Transferred Af
ter the Pontiffs Elevation
WILL CliOSE THE INCIDENT
YOUNG NOT "WHOLE THING"
WALL CONTAINS NO COIN
Correspondence Introduced In
Course of the Investigation
Pleases the Audience Greatly
Story That Millions in Bank
Notes : Were Delivered to
Pope .Pius Declared. Untrue
American Consul Davis to
Be Received in State on
His Return to Alexandretta
SHIPMAGNATES'
LETTERS AMUSE
DENIAL COMES
FROM VATICAN
SULTAN MAKES
QUICK AMENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^l SUNDAY. DECEMBER ,'20, 1903.
66
ADVERTISEagENTa. .
.., ' . rrrf .,.r,j;j-ff;r_rf,rrrL
[California Safe Deposit
i hand Trust Company^ [
\ j> & jfi J> jfi * \
Interest paid on deposits, sub-
ject to check, at the rate of two
\ A per cent per annum. j
| v Interest paid on savings de-
|* T posits at the rate of three and j
£ six-tenths per cent psr annum.
\ Trusts executed.' We are \ \
I authorized to act as the guardian j
\ . of estates and the executor of
| wills.
: Safe deposit boxes rented at \
: I $5.00 per annum and upwards. » I
Capital and Surplus, $1,335,143.92 I |
I j Total Assets, $6,869,177.53
| u * <* & jt. \
I OFFICES
I Corner California and Montgomery Sts. j
\ Safe Deposit Building, San Francisco i
Ajg^k Ci ty Street
Improvement Co.
GENERAL CONTRACTORS
Streets, Sewers, Wharves, Bridges, Tun-
nels, Railways, Sea Walls, Jetties,
Breakwater and Harbor
Construction.
GENERAL OFFICES i
Rooms 11, 12 and 13, Filth Floor Mills Building. <
ISAN FRANCISCO
\ . ' , OFFICE j
j -r- 302 California St.
i : fi ¦ "i. . * SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
j K ' 3^?W !>ock TeL South 1153
j *?^^-flgtf^lllP^r Of all sizes, st.*am and sal. !
: t "'' VS^g^^^^^^^^^^Wv^j tak-n out cxpcditiously snd ;
% N 'H ' 'V^^^^^^P^j^t^^l at R1 " d ' rat - rate s on tn:
;? ¦ 'H^'' : ' ¦i^Sffl^P^^lfi)^^'' company's dry Jocks at |
a J^^^W' r W'jwWt Hun t^s Point and
t^T^^ WmW'X iootofl6 th Street
<i ..'¦,.¦ '¦'¦¦• '- ' -•-••••¦ .'•v--?-
» HUNTERS POINT STONE GRAVING DOCKS
s> dock no. i. ..¦.;;'^ dock ko. 2. '::
il Length 4riS feet Length 750 fen I
it iVKJth at Corir.jr 120 fe«t Width at Coping 122 feet
rt Dcpt.ll of . Water over Sill..: 24 feet Depth of Water over Sill.... 30 feet
FLOATING DOCKS— FOOT OF I6th STREET j
*> i«Eyih— No 1. CK» f*et; width. fi2 feet; capable of lifting 1000 ton*. No/ 2. 271 feet; j
J< ¦Rlith. CO feet; capacity. 1S00 tons. No. 3. 301 feet, width. €S feet; capacity, 3000
<^ tor.£.
\ :'..-'.".'¦.'.:' Zi
X GEO. H. POWTEW. Mr C- BnUMWIELD.il
I NOVELTY SIGN C6. .
| ELECTRIC ELECTRIC
(« SIGNS... (^^^^^^1 NOVELTIES
The Weekly Call, 16 Pages, $1 a Year.
v; \ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
s ™~~™^ i i
A * O
| ' ¦' __ I
1 2
I Upon Which I I
8 II
1 This Edition I •
1 Is Printed Was l I
S i 8
2 \ Manufactured \ §
I by the |
a ¦ o
i s
© •
\& I 6
! 9 ** J? ©
O 111 B£MBk ft *
© .' . (gr v 9
9 19
9 ' 9
9 * / O
i In fl |m* I H $bw J B Q U m? u A IDAS i l J s
a nn ANIMAL and
& CO. WILLOWCHARGOAL
Ivory Black, Bone Ash.
Fertilizers, |
Neat's Foot OH, jj
Tallow, Etc, |
8 Factory- Indiana and C^ n f= r^HPi QP H Pal !•
| YoloSts.,Potrcro. d » I I CSIDUIM>U, l>dl. j;
Dearborn Drug and Chemical Co,
MAKTJFACTtrSEES 0? DEABBOKN E.OII.ER COHFOXJND
A1TD EXOK QSASS X.UBKICATZJIO OXZ.S.
WILLIAM LOWRIE, SAN FRANCI3CO OFFICE I
Pacific Ceast Manager. 115 DAVIS ST.
O : - 1 7- : : Si
IWEBFOOT — Old style. • STEREOTYPE m MT L— S /•»¦* 71 W
ona of the oldest aad best aaA 2?/g s ma B X> 3
fcrandi of redlpped plate. LINOTYPE...... * VM M M nm \ J
THE CALL IS PRINTED WITH OUR METAL
PACIFIC METAL WORKS I
Kg LEAD. TIN. ANTIMONY. ZINC. ALU-
\\ MINUM. BISMUTH. SOLDER AND
I , . BABBITT. ROOFING PLATES. CAN-
% NERS 1 SOLDER A SPECIALTY. STER-
1 H EOTYPE AND LINOTYPE METAL.
S I 153-155-157-159 First Street — 4-6-8 Haioina Sired,
l| . SAN FRANCISCO.
| B 73-7S .NORTH SECO2TD, Portland. Or.
f B 'J8BBHI pacific metal .works— Old Pro-
' H TTPTCfVl • *U» U»f* #%{ . •' cess, made of b«st Siemens Martin hara-
3 rKlOVAJ, me oesi OI } mer ed steel: heavily coated by hand; fre«
¦ the Cnmmnn Piat?*. from masters. We guarantee thi» equal
¦ inc v-ommon i^iaics. ln alI respect9 to any P i ate that » *•
j Kf offered.'• A certain novelty looks like a . full- I
sized 'tfigar;' but it* is a pencil.^ and when
the-.lower end Is turned- a piece of blatk*
lead 'makes its appearance at the tij>. i
¦ ' ':¦'¦ ¦ : ¦ ¦ . '¦¦'¦ - ' -."' ".¦'¦¦*'-
There is one thing in San Francisco
that interests travelers besides the world'
renowned- glorious climate, and that is
the' Palace Hotel. It is the monumental
landmark.in the history of San Francis
co"s progress. It is the center of all at
traction — the home of every visitor and
traveler of note who comes to the city.
Palatial! is the expression heard as
one enters the famous court, which, in
keeping with the progressive policy of
the hotel management, has been co'nvert
td into a lounging-room, the finest in the
world. With its very handsome furni
ture in rich upholstering, its tropical
plants in great profusion, andits myriads
of electric lights, it Is, indeed, a veritable
fairyland and a sight never to be forgot
ten. -Especially is this true during the
evening, when music is played and the
celebrated cafe in this court is filled with
men and women busily engaged In-dis
cussing the "subtle crafts of cookery."
Indeed, so popular has this cafe become
of late that the management has found
it necessary to enlarge it, and within a
few days- this improvement will be com
plete. . . . . .
The Empire room, handsome in hang
ings and furniture of green, and set
aside as a parlor exclusively for the lady
guests; the Palm room, furnished in red.
and in the winter converted into a most
beautiful ballroom; the Louis XV 'par
lorin pink and gold, and the ladies' writ
ing room, in restful, green, add much to
the evfer increasing popularity of this
famous hotel.
Then. too. there has recently' been in
stalled a telephone system with a private
.exchange in the office, by which guests
not only communicate. their wants to the
clerk, but are also enabled to talk with
their friends either in or out of the city.
This is Indeed a. great convenience and
one which has- created " much favorable
comment. Upstairs many of the rooms
have been refurnished — rooms . larger
than one meets In hotels, nowadays; halls
have been recarpeted, new baths supplied
here and there, and in fact the -Palace
Hotel is not in any way lacking in this
-day of modern conveniences. ' :
Midway between the wholesale and re
tail districts, .convenient- to the many
theaters, as well as to . all depots and
docks: a short, pleasant ride 'to the park
and the beach, and reached from all parts
of- the city by streetcar lines, the Palace
Hotel is indeed the ideal hotel of the
.West. ¦;.¦•;..• ¦;, •* \ '
The Great Hotel of the West!
THE PALACE HOTEL
A. J. Rich & Co. have ,Just sold to
a client of their office for . M. Keller
the six flats on the north side of Sac
ramento street, 159 feet east of Devisa
dero. The lot is 50 feet front by a full
depth and the price is close on to $30,000.
They have also sold a house and lot
for Peter Critchon on the north line
of O'Farrell street, 130 feet east from
Larkin, for $14,000, the lot being 23x
137:6 and covered by a good building;
also for William A. Nevllls a ¦ house
. and lot on the north line of Bush street,
87:6 feet west of Laguna, for $7500 to
Dr. George I. Bluhm.
The following- sales have been made
by Madison & Burke: .
North line of Sutter street. C2:l west from
Polk with 3-rtory and basement frame build
ing, for M. E. Grossman et al.. for *ie.000;
southwest corner Sacramento and Stockton
streets, covered with store and tenements, lot
40x40, for J. Cuneo Company, for ?7OOO, to
J. H. L. Harms; four flats on south line of
Xatoma street between Seventh and Eighth,
lot 25x75 for 'Mary New. for S3S00. to Julia
Sullivan: cottage on south line of Twenty
third street between Noe and Castro, lot 25x
114 for R. Thomas to W. S. Greene, for $3*00;
lot on north line of Hayes street, between Lyon
street and Central avenue. 25x100. for J. Dol
lard for »25OO; lot 25x80 on southwest corner
Larkin and Vallejo streets, for Golden State
Land Company, for $3250; residence and lot
on couth line of Sacramento 1 street, between
Webster and Flllmore. lot 24x132:7. for M. C.
Sleom. for $5125: lot 5(Vxl00 on west line of
Twelfth avenue, between . California and Lake
streets, for Herman Schussler. for $2000; lot
and two cottages on east line of Chattanooga
street between Twenty-tecond and Twenty
third for A. AHhen. for $3500; lot on west
line of Church street. 195 feet north from Six
teenth, for City of Paria Dry Goods Company,
to R P. Richard, for $4100; lot and improve
ments on west line of Polk street, between-
Pacjflc and Broadway, lot 34x100. for J. Cuneo
Company, for $7000: lot and four tenements on
east line Prospect place, off Sacramento street, ¦,
between Powell and Stockton, for Maggie Hen-
For Mrs. Anthony, the northwest corner of
Brannan. Zoe and Freelon streets, 35x160 feet,
with improvements, $11,000; for M. SiminofT.
lot 85x88 feet and Improvement* on the west
line of Walter street, 188 north of Fourteenth.
$9000; for the rarne. similar property adjoining
on the south *9000; for Mr. Green, lot 25x80
and 35:5H and improvements at 078 Waller
street, $7700; for Mrs. A. L. Villegia. lot 25:9x
100 feet and improvements at 1331 Ellis street,
?C00O. -i
RESIDENCE PROPERTIES
Great interest ia manifested by. th«
realty brokers in the total record for
transactions in real estate that San
Francisco will make for the year 1903.
The Buyer and Seller, 'which has Just
issued its annual review, estimates the
realty business of the year at $47,500,
000, approximately. This is an increase
of about $100,000 above the record ot
1902. A comparative table of sales by
years is published by the Buyer and
Seller and from it the following deduc
tions are drawn:
"These comparative figures of the
growth of the real estate market dur
ing the last six years are eloquent in
their exact conciseness. They show
that the amount of the annual trans
actions has increased from 1898 to 1903
i the sum of $36,750,000. This increase is
'¦ greater than the annual amount- of
real estate transactions of the past,
with the exceptions of this and last:
year's, even exceeding those of the for
mer phenomenal year of 1890, which
was $36,545,000." j
i Sales reported by the brokers dur-.
ing the week just closed are given be
low:
The purchasers of the northwest cor-
I ner of Sutter and Stockton streets, sold
j through the agency of O. D. Baldwin
j & Son, are A. Aronson, Louis Metzger
: and Louis Schoenberg. The price was
$300,000. This is the Clark property, the
sale, of which has been already men
i tioned.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold for
i H. D. Hiegins to Joseph Pilger the
property on the south line of Ellis
; street, 110 feet east from Jones, 27:6x
137:6, with a four-story apartment
i house, under lease for four years. The
I price is $40,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold the
southeast corner of Franklin street and
Golden Gate avenue, 81:3x120, with Im
provements, for. $50,000. The seller is
I M. Siminoff. The purchaser is a client
of G. H. Umbsen & Co.
Benjamin M. Gunn has purchased for
a client 50x70 feet on the southeast line
of Jessie street, 225 feet southwest of
Fourth, for $20,000; also 75x75 feet on
\ the northwest line of Jessie street, 175
; feet northeast of Fourth, for $34,000.
j Business buildings will be placed upon
I both lots.
The sale is reported of a 50-vara lot
j on the south line of Geary street, 137:6
j feet west of Bush, for $50,000. The sell
¦ er is John T\*. Flinn. The improvements
| consist of twenty-four flats.
BUXCH OF DEALS MADE.
Messrs. Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. re
j port the following sales:
For account F. Zech Jr.. lot and three-story
i building on the r.orth line of Geary street. 0. :«
feet east of Taylor, 20xtX> feet through to
! Derby place, for about $20,000; for Anna A.
I Dougherty lot and two houses on the north
line of Washington street. 1S3:4 feet east of
• Polk lot 45:10xl27:SK feet; for about $20,000;
1 for W H. Bagpe, lot and two new flats on
: the s Tiorth line of Sacramento street, west of
: Locust lot 25x100 feet, for $9000;. for LudwiR
Arnsteln lot on the northeast corner of Hayes
and Lyon streets. 37:6x87:6 feet, to T. H.
Mead for $5000- for Joseph Sims, lot on the
east line of Trtat avenue. 130 feet south of
Twenty-third street. '26x122:6 feet, for J155O;
for the estate of Kosa McDonald, flats on tha
west line of Shotwell street, north of Twenty
sixth, lot 25x115 feet, for $2000. ¦ ¦.,..-
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
! "vVV F. Whittler his three-stcry and
| basement brick building on the west
j side of Battery street, 51:8 feet south of
' Pacific, thence south 40 feet front by a
j uniform depth westerly of 94 feet. This
I property is leased to J. Seidl & Co. for
i five years. The price at which it has
' changed hands is $28,000. The same firm
I has also sold to Dr. "VV. H. Armstrong
: the building lot on the west side of
j Gough street, between Broadway and
Vallejo, 27:6 feet front by 110 feet deep,
for $4300. Horace Davis is the seller.
j Dr. Armstrong intends to erect two
| first-class flats on this lot. The same
I brokers have sold for Mrs. W. B. Har-
I rington the three-story frame building
j on the west side of Larkin street, 37:6
| feet south of Turk, thence 25 feet front
| by a uniform- depth westerly of 87:6
I feet, for $21,500. This is the fourth time
! Thomas Magee & Sons have sold this
j piece of property. It was owned by
I Thomas Magee, and the vacant lot was
j sold in June, 1SS5, to Dr. P. H. Flood
i for $7350. Dr. Flood erected the thre^
| story frame building which stands on
j it now and sold the same to G. L.
| Bresse in March, 1901. with the build
i ing, for $14,000. In February of this
i year Mr. Bresse sold the property to
I W. B. Harrington for $20,000. W. B.
1 Harrington now sells the property for
$21,500: This sale denotes th'e steady
and certain advance of the business
portion of Larki a street.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report The fol
lowing sales:
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold their
third. auction sale of the month next
Tuesday at noon in their, salesroom at
62S Market street. The properties that
they will offer will include the follow
ing: •••
West line of Leavenworth street. 67:6. south
of California. 40xGO feet; with -Improvements;
east" side of Clayton street. "27r8 ;north of
Halght, 33x100 feet.- with "three flats;, on the j
south- lihe of Geary street. 137:6 west of
Gough. 27:fixl37:6 and two-story -house; west.i
side of Webster atreet, 33:6 north of Waller,
2CxlOO feet, with four new flats; west line of
Hyde street. 75 feet south of Post. 20x56 feet
and an eli?ht-room dwelling; north side cl >
Twenty-second street, 135 east of 'Noe. 25x114-'
feet, with two flats; ea?t side of Lexington ave- |
nue, S3 feet south of Twentieth street. 22x73 I
feet, with two-story house; east line of Harri
son street. 176 feet north ot Tw*nty-second,
26:3x100 feet, with, cottage; west side of White
street. 157:6 north of Vallejo. 20x56 feet, with
two flats, and on the east line of Cook street,
125 feet north of St. Rose avenue, with im
provements.
The Fairmount Hotel will, probably
be roofed in April.
A. Aronson will expend $75,000 in Im
proving the north corner of Jessie and
Third streets with a three-story build
ing. . • . ' ¦ ¦
It is expected that the St. Francis
Hotel will be completed by March 1. '
An additional story will be placed on I
the Egan building, at 421 Montgomery
street.
Flats will be erected by O. A. Cream
er on the south line of Pacific street,
between Taylor and Jones, at a cost of
$12,000:
On the southeast corner of Buena
Vista avenue and Waller street Edward
V. BasQuale will erect a $15,000 resi
dence. -
SELLJXG AT -AUCTION'.
R. Barkers three flats on Forty-ninth ave
nue are nearine completion. Six flats built
by F. Irvine axe all occupied. Frank Croth
ers is erecting a one and a half story residence
on Tenth avenue, near J street. Miss Ida
Reed has let a contract for a two-story resi
dence on the east aide of Tenth avenue. 225
feet south of J street. A seven-room dwelling
Is being completed by William H. Depew on
J street, near Ninth avenue. John N. McLeod
has nearly nnish«Hl a two-story house on the
east side of Eighth avenue, near K street.
M A. Burke is erecting a dwelling on the
east side of Seventeenth avenue, . between H
and I streets. Several cottages are also going
up.
Sales are reported by the C. M. Wooa
ter Company as follows:
For i Louise O. Digglns to D. O* Sullivan,
S4:3xl37:C unimproved, on the northerly line
of Sutter street, west of Devlsadero, $10,250;
for Patrick O"Rourke, lot and improvements
on the westerly line of Eureka street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. 5Oxl25; for Eliza
beth Durkee to "W. F. Krueger, lot on the
westerly line of Hampshire street, south of
Twenty-fifth, 40x100, ?75O; sold to R. , P.
Christian, lot end Improvements on the west
erly line of Diamond street, south of Eight
eenth. 35x125. $4500; for Joseph Ferre*. to F.
Tassl. lot and improvements on the westerly
line of San Jose avenue. 50x117, $1000.
Boardman Bros, report the sale of a lot
on the «-ast line of Tenth avenue. 185 feet
south of California street. 25x120 feet, for
Miss D. G. Cunningham. $000; lot on north
west corner of Guerrero and Liberty afreets,
54x100 feet, for J. H. Batcher/ $7100. The
purchaser will improve the property at an
early date.
C. M. Wooster has gone East to close
up a business deal.
Sc-1 Getz & Son report that the de
mand for houses to rent at Oceanside
is strong. Six blocks of land have been
graded and subdivided during the last
year by. this firm, these blocks front
ing on the blocks fronting on tho ocoan
and Golden Gate Park. This work has
had much effect in calling the 'atten
tion of people to Oceanside as a de
sirable place of business. The Spring
Valley "Water Works will lay water
mains at Oceanside and Ocean Heights.
Among the houses recently in course of
construction at Oceanside and in the
Sunset district are the following report
ed by Sol Getz & Son:
MAXY LOTS AXD HOUSES.
For Catton, Boll & Co. to Joseph CNelll,
lot on the west side of Ninth street, 150 feet
north of Bryant, thence north 25 feet -front by
10OO feet deep, for $2300; to Joseph LImacher,
two lots on the west side of Treat avenue. 650
feet south of Preclta place, thence south 50
feet front by 10S feet deep, for $800", to Harry
George Jorj?ensen, lot on the west side of
Treat avenue, 600 feet south of Preetta place,
thence south 25 feet front by 105 feet deep,
for $30O; to Joseph Bauer and wife, for $30O.
the lot on the west side of Treat avenue, 625
feet south of Preclta place, thence south 25
feet front by 105 feet deep. These last four
lots on Treat avenue at $300 each complete
th» sale by Thomas Magee & Sons of sixteen
lots sold to ten buyers in two weeks.
dry. for $1700; residence and lot on east side
of 'Steiner street between Sacramento and
California. 2tixlO3." for L.. A. Crane, for $4100;
southeast corner of Jones and Vallejo streets,
45:10 from Jones by 61-.« feet, with two
dwellings, for J. Cuneo.. Company, for $4250;
south line of O'Farrell etreet. between Hyde
and Larkin. 25x137:0. with two flats and cot
tage in rear, for M. E. Grossman, for $15,000.
Additional sales have been made, by
Thomas Magee & Sons as follows:
While Total Transactions for Preceding Twelve
Months Exceeded $47,000,000, the Outlook Is
Good for Piling Up Even a Greater Aggregate
YEAR'S REALTY SALES
MAY MAKE NEW RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
67
AJVEBTISEHENTS.
| CALIFORNIA j
1 Beltini ani Supply
| COMPANY
it
*X acaacfacturers cf
« Oak Tanned Leather and |
| Rawhide Belting, Pulleys,
§ Rope and Lace Leather \ !
I
| EUREKA
I Belt Dressinc* Co,
J> Kaauracturers ot J !
I Eureka Belt Dressing j
iv OnJy ¦water and oil proof dressing in j
;: the market, prrvents slippiog
- And stretching.
1 % OFFICE:
j 119-121 MISSION STREET j
\i SAN FRANCISCO. ;
2 V
5 J'OKZT nACEETT, Mftnager. Z
\ PAC!FIG~COAST
DREDGING AND
RECLAMATION
i COMPANY
$ J3.esz.cxci. from 29 Stezart St.
-TO- \
I S SCarket St. i
I cast rsAsczsco, cai.. >
\ \
TUGBOAT I
t> "WALTER HACKETT" J
n — | ]
§ M&||i RPI Pacific Coasi Dredging \\\
;; John Eactett. HgT. ||
Telephone Stain 664. 5 Market St. &
J. B. MclNTYRE^
424 SANSOME STREET
BOOKBINDER
ACCOUNT-BOOK
MANUFACTURER
and
PRINTER
Telepaoae Kain 1107.
BOOKBINDING '
Zn all Its oraachea.
* Fine Bindings,
Printing,
Lithographing.
Bank, Insurance and Mercan-
tile Work a Specialty.
All Acoonat-Boofcs made from
first-class Xiedrer Paper and witn
Patent riat-Openinw Backs.
0 O
O . 5i
When you build
a house, use
Feltine
the modern roofing, ready
to lay.
A. ZELLERBAGH & SONS
> "The Paper House"
Pacific Coarf Agents, 416-426 Saa-
. sooieStrert
SAN FfUNCiSCO
y — <>
1 UnionLumherCo. ||
!| REDWOOD AND PIKE |
I LUMBER
Railroad Ties. |;|
Sawn Redwood Poles.
A rTOL LUTE OP itOLDIS^OS !
A2TD XXTSZSE rUTISH COW- ,
v STAITTLT OZT EAV9
1 SPECIAL PA7TEE5S B.XTS TO
< obosb oar seokt so'tice.
% Telephone Private Exchange 624. j;
|j City Office . j|
|| Crocker 3Idg. |
California ..
Gas and Electric Corporation
The California Gas and Electric Corporation has power-
• houses in Butte, Yuba, Nevada and Sacramento counties, and
furnishes electric power to local distributing systems in or
near the cities of Grass Valley, Nevada City, Wheatland,
Sacramento, Marysville, Oroville, Chico. Colusa, Woodland,
Napa, Davis, Dixon, Vacaville, Suisun, Benicia, Vallejo,
Petaluma. Santa Rosa, San Rafael, Point Richmond, Port
Costa, Martinez. Antioch, Pinole, Oakland and Berkeley.
Power furnished for all commercial and mining industries
and estimates cheerfully furnished .at the main office of the
company. . ¦ ; . .. • '
California Gas and Electric Corporation
RIALTO BUILDING ,
Hew Montgomery and Mission Streets, ' - - San. Francisco, CaL
Aachen and Munich
FIRE INSURANCE CO.
Of Germany
Lararest German Company Dolnff
. BusLoeas in the United States.
Capital $2,350,000
Assets $6,000,000
Wet Surplus. $2,500,000
HANOVER
FIRE INSURANCE C).
r . Of New York
Capital . . . ; ... »• • • .81,000,000
Asiets' ..... ... ........ .$3300.000
jret Surplus. J.;;;. ...... .8650,000
CESAR BERTHEAU
MAJTAaEB
ALFBSS R. OBIM, Assistant Mgrr.
- zro.' 423 -California Street,
SAIT 7BAHCISOO, CAL.
ADVE3TISEHENTS.
\ Shillinger's \
j Patent Sidewalk
..Garden Walk.. \
A SPECIALTY \
GEORGE GOODMAN
\ Piieni.ee and Manufacturer of X j
Artificial Stone
I IN ALL ITS BRANCHES
SAN FRANCISCO
Telephone - Alain 5322 :
Office:
I 307 Montgomery St. j
I KSTADA BLOCK i
Edward C. Hughes
|| PRINTER :
j ENGRAVER
|i| |
I 1 511 SANSOME STREET j
| 5 SAX FRAXCISCO. \
\\ ' !
7 i
I | ..Mail Orders Solicited.. I
} Telephone Main 449 |
EUREKA 1
J BoiterWorks !
] WM. J. BRADY , Froprietor. | |
I Manufacturers of all kinds of ii
1 BOILERS
General B'acksmllhlng and ' \\
Machine Work. \ ~
SHIP WORK A SPECIALTYj
113-115 Mission Street. j
T^lephon* Main 5045. San Francisco. *
j
..Telephone Main 5531.. \
M.lsonCo.
I PLUMBING
i; Fine Plumbing Material i 1 1
\ Latest Sanitary Appliances |
Steam Heating and Ventilation \
: 328-330 Stockton St.
| SAN FRANCISCO. >
I L. P. DBGBN
I Belting Company
| <> Manufacturer! of
1 BELTING
-AND-
LACINQ
j '
105-107 Mission St., |:
SA2f PEAK CISCO. |;
Phone Kain 562 \
|j. R. McCuffick SuCo.,
De&Iers in All Kinds of
Lubricating Oils
Paiois, Varnishes, Etc., Globe Packing.
AGENTS FOR COAUXOA CRUDE OIL.
23 Speap Street
BAN FRANCISCO, CAI*.
Telepboco Main &320.
ADVEBTISESIEUTS.
Z\ irir\ 4?* r* i r^* t~*\
and EJl\A/ooci
i - ¦ ;
nriSteel Woven
Ls^Wire Fences -^M
y_ . . i,
¦'¦¦.» ' t >
.- ¦ • ' ' i
I AMERICAN woven FENCES I I ELLWOOD woven FENCES |
HOGS, SHEEP, CATTLE ____ SHEEP, CATTLE. POULTRY |
•""""" 4 W f fT'iflr > strong WyWWVVVWV-"
13U..C.IM. i £fr7'T~£ " :j, Ftffiriont tV VVVVV VVVVVV*'" 18 '
»m.t ' ' ' f , , it I r\..-.^»»i«. i -v V W V u v \j yj y'y \f)i V y vV v u v v vv v\ I
¦ f V f — - '— —^ m TT ~^ "^ ! TT I mr *mu ,*• *j m^s iVYV V V V UVVYVYW WWW W VWW I
— — — — - —— "—— •— ~~ p ~~ —-" "~~ ' ' "7% __ _ _ . ma *
•r r ; — ; — ; — rr~~ — 3-^» tCOnOmiCSl "*i*\ s V V '* V V^XW M to ' K H » V W W V V W V t
•~j| — ; — \ f ; ; \ ZZj ?fe3 luuiiuiiiiuui <
ALL STYLES MADeI'N SIX HEIGHTS a¥YLES Minr im S » uriPUTB >
I ¦¦.•¦EVERY ROD GUARANTEED | .^ j;VERY^ROD GUARANTEED | 1
.:. MANUFACTURED BY .:. i
American Steeland Wire Co.
• i,<,
San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland, Seattle.
================= ° I
PACIFIC W0RKS-16TH AND FOLSOM STREETS, SAM FRANCISCO,CAL j
I WE HAVE AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN j
lo,... .¦.¦,.......,,.... t . .7y
t | FIRE CASUALTY MARINE | |
IJJ.B.F.DAVIS&SONI
j j | General INS! IR A NCF Brokers 1 |
t j Managers Standard Marine Insurance Company of Liverpool, England j
; j J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., General Agents \ ?
| I OFHCE--2J5 SANSOME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO : \
1 i Telephone Private Exchange No. 65 t |
d*< — — ¦ ~h»...... »i:
>,••••••••••¦• » < >. X 1
ooooeoseoGOOGOoedOdseoeoeceeooocooooooocodooooooosoeeoooooooocoooood
i Vt ti r \ m ice making "" J
| Y UL,WvAl> AND REFRIGERATING AUCB1NES |
| References— 3OO MACHINES in Operation •
S Qawson Brewing Association, Seattle, Wash.— . 2
S "Your flfty-ton 'Vulcan' Refrigerating Machine is working ' — O
" in a very satisfactory manner." n
S Marin County Ice Co., San Rafael, Cal. — . . jf&XQa&*§*gHt$£*<. ¦-. I 1 >W S
X "Thi^ 'Vulcan' Plate Process Ice-makini? Plant, has been Kiv- J&t£3r^ rf^&SFK " I JL *R a
5 inf? eoo«l satisfaction. The appearance and lasting qualities tiftfiT tA ' • It0 *?
O are much superior to natural or can ice." S&S&K Tja l*^i> "Jj O
q "All of your machines have Riven perfect eatlsfacticn." ' g33[ ' 4ffflHi^3riAJ^^CBlPMw
A "The best machinery for the purpose I have «een on a B§R WSSl^SraraiJnEB - ". "'¦ : s^' SHeeOS S
A transport or any other vessel, either on the Atlantic or Pa- VfctP^S^^ BffjS^HJaJ^iE^f^i'- ? 'WBS&%BSS<ti@i; ¦ T ' : *-5tC''/f X
a cific Coast." w^^?^^ r*" v *^-~ < 'Hrlfi^r#?j£iIj^ 1 '^^ 1^^ '*"' r ' r ' ' - -y'~ '" '*! f%
A Coos Bay Ice and Cold Storage Co., 'Marshfield, Of. — -^^w ~--*g^*^lr^^^^^^§^r^P :r '" r -'- A ~' ; ' "* -^- J^^ r '- i o
A "We are much pleased with plant, and It seems to be a iiTTHF1ITfl!TOirlBM M^^^^^^^^^^^^^?'-^^**^'- : - O
5f success in every particular." . • i a
© WE CAB3T Xir STOCK I^^^F^^^^^^^^' '¦ '¦ ' '-~~ \ O
I MtoaTw P ooTTnsui^ \1^^wBB^XmKK^KlmKIH^ I
2 : -SEND F*OR CATALOGUE {
* 5 0i !!. VIII TAN IfirtN WftM*? San Francisco:
| By the t ULvAIV Itkxfn YTUlvlvO, a cal. ot
©©©©•©©•©©•OO©e©9O9OOO©©a©«OOOO®OO5®Oe«»©0OS8OOO0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFROM SEATTLE.
Coroner's Jury Finds That They Were
Guilty of Gross Xccli^cnce While
Unloading Vessel.
In the inquest yesterday on the
body of Leopold Juzix, a stevedore
who was killed on September 15 on
the steamer Uarda while unloading
cargo, the jury returned a that
the accident occurred "through gros3
neglect on the part of the ship's com
pany or the parties responsible . for
the clearing of the hatches before
work begins."
The evidence showed that a portion
of a hatchway was torn off while a
load was being lifted out o**the hold,
and the grating fell upon, Juzix and
a companion, killing Juzix and seri
ously wounding the other stevedore.
SHIP'S OFFICERS'' CENSURED
FOR STEVEDORE'S DEATH
Frank Bridges Is Dead.
• It is with deep retret that the local ma
rine world learned yesterday of the death in
Alameda of Frank E. BrliSL*, fcr the last
twelve years connected with the GuiOe. Bridges
was kno^.n from one end of the water front
to the other; and few members ot the Mer
chants' Eichance did not enjoy and valu« his
acqua;ntanc<\ The reputation lor i-ompre
hensi\e detail and accuracy enjoyed by the
publication with which he was so iuns Identi
fied was du? IB a treat measure tv the faith
ful and intelligent application that Frank
BridECu brought to bear in the dis'-harge o!
his duties. In hi* line of work he was on?
of the best informed men on the coast. He
was trusted and respected by men in high
places and admired by all who knew him lor
his cl»an life and sterl.nj worth of charac
ter. He had be*n a Him? for a l.-ng time,
and made a brave fi^ht against tho inevitable'
Endocarditis, or Inflammation of the Inner
walls of the heart, caused his death. Jit was
32 vears old. and leaves a wife and two
children.
To Remedy Steering Defects.
Th« rudders of the Key route ferry steam
ers S?.n Jose and Yerba Buena have been &
constant source of annoyence since the boats
went Into commission, and their breakdown
has Involved several expensive .Vlay*. W. A.
Boole has found a way to permanently rem
edy what proved to be a structural defect,
and the Yerba Buena. now c:i Bjole't? marina
ways. is having the necessary alterations
made. The original rudder stocks were made
of a composition which failed to stand the
Etraln. Boole is now building at both ends
of the Terba Uuena towboat propeller arches,
which, with the lenirth-nlnK of the ke?I. is
expected to rendfr the steering pear abso
lutely reliable. When the work 'j finished
en the Yerba Buena the San Jose will bj sim
ilarly treated.
Falls Down Transport's Hold.
Charles Carter, a private in Company C o?
the Thirtieth Infantry, fell down the hold
cf the army transport Sherman terly yesterday
moraine, ar.d was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital In an unconscious condition. An exam
ination revealed no injury, but tha man -was
out to b*d and held lor further observation.
When he awakened a few nourn !»ter Dr.
Armlst-;ad questioned him as to. now he felt.
"I'm dyinz. doc," caid the so!d!«*r.
•"Where does It hurt most?" solicited the
medico.
•Here." Pointing to his threat. "I'm
dying; dying of thirst."
Carter was very drunk when he Ml and
to this alcoholic limpness the surgeo.in ascribe
his escape from fatal injury, for he struck
th» deck thirty feet be!ow the .place from
which he fell.
San Jose Leaves for Panama.
The Pacific Mail Company'* I'ner San Jose
sailed yesterday Tor Panama «.nd way ports
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published. by official authority of th«
f-uperintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters cccur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Kort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both . places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 20.
Sun rises 7:21
Sun s>-:ta ....1:54
Moon sets 6:1S p. m.
6 iTImel ITime I'/lmsl ITime!
- I FU Ft. I Ft. I ' Ft.
C IH W| / JL \V |H Wj (L W'|
2u J 1:25! 4.01 5:40 XI II 1:541 5.51 0:42|— 0.5
21 2:«3 4.9 «:37 3.2 12:::5 5.2 7:161—0.2
22 I 2:44| r».0 t 7:25 :«?l l:2O( 5.0,' 7:51 u.i
23 I -V.21! .'..01 S:1S1 3 21 2:001 4.5| fi:2fi[ 0.4
24 | 3:511 -"'01 0:211 3.OJ 2:491 4.1| 3:051 0.S
25 1 4:?vi 5.o:iO:2"»| 2.71 .'•.:,'!>; ."..S| !»:3l! .1.2
26 1 5!03| 5.2:il :25l 2.3] 5:03! 3.C|10:40| 1.0
NOTE.— In the above exposition cf th« tides
the early morning .tides are given In th* left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the :
fourth time, column gives the last tide of the
day. except, when there are but three tides, as
Bometirr.es occur*. Th<* heights given- are In
addition to the soundings of the United Slate*
Coast Survey tharts, except when a. minus i — j
Cargo by (he Panama Steamer.
The fcte*mer Fan Jose, which sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports, carried cargo for
Mexico valued at $3015: Central America.
*'J!H!>; Panama, $3717; Colombia, $2435; New
York. $4S,:W0;. Germany, ?2S(K); England, ?50(i.
The leadins ex:>ort3 were as follows:
To Mexico — <J«5 cals 25 cs wine. 10 cs
whisky, 14 pkss groceries and provisions, 1010
lbs 10 pkge raisins, :J7U lbs dried fruit. 125 pkss
fresh irults «5 crts potatoes, 20 crts onions.
3S5 lbs nut?, 5.1 pkgs rast«, 144 lbs meals, 7
pkt;s i^hip chandlery, 10 cs arms and ammuni
trcn. 8 cs fuse, 1 roll leather. 2 cs boots and
phots. .1 pk»?s rlry roods. 4 chests tea. 72,642
feet lumber, -iCO btils shcoks. <"> coils rope, 4i>
bdls shlnsles. 21 pkgs nails, 274 lbs ham o.n.1
baccn. C i-s canned goods. 301 lbs bread, 104
pea terra cotta pliie, 1 cyl aramonla, 104 eks
coal, 2 cs electrical supplies. 24 pkgs paints
and cila. 15 kegs spikes, 5 ca liquors. < bdls
To' Central America— 3?6 bbla flour. 1100 Rals
SO cp wine 540 lbs tea. 13f!8 lbs dried fruit.
TO5 lbs raisin?. 3320 lbs codfish, 3 4 pk^s gro
ceries ard provisions, 5 pk3;s paste, M> cs
cenneil poods, 247 lbs saeo. TS23 lbs tallow, S
pkes pop^r; 40 cs cofil oil. 140 pktts paints and
cllf, 4«a lbs haniVard bacon. 3S.I lbs cheese,
470 ibs meals 4 bd'.s brooms. ISOO lbs 5 cs
Fpiccs. 20 bdls jute. 10 p'kks whisky. 2 bales
ba«3, 2 cs salmon. 5 pkca beer. J3 crts pota
toes, 1 cyl nrnmenin. -".17 lbs hops. 2 cs leather.
20 ctls corn. COO lbs lard. 100 lbs bean?. 3S2 lbs
br»Ed SCO lbs rice, P7:! lbs nuts. 65 ska coke.
To Panama— ?00 hbls flour. 2102 lbs lard. 225
crls potatoes, f.0 crts onions, 70 cs canned
Koods. ICO" bxs coap. 1210 pals wine. 20 f%
whifky. CCO lbs candy. 150 lbs butter. P00 lbs
gutar 2 cs beer, 9 pkgs groceries and pro
visions.
To Colombia— 737 lbs nuts. U pkrrs salmon,
4fi cs canned enods, 1300 lbs lard. f>0 bb!» flour,
100 lbs tea. 487 lbs dried fruit. 440 lha raisins,
4C0 lbs candy, 130 lbs ham and bacon. 121 lb?
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
December SO. 1 1
Chleo Ccquille I^iver 6 cm' Pier 2
S Rosa ?an D1?ko & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka ! Kumbeidt 9 am|Pier 13
Dec:mber SI. I
Rival i Willapa Harbor 4 pm|Pier 20
Czarina ! C>->os Kay dirf-ct. . .112 m'l'ier H
Spokar.' Hurr.br ldt 11:30 plPier 9
Centralla... Grays Harbor 1 4 pm|Pier 10
December 22. I I
Empire Ccos Hay direct...! 4 pmiPier 13
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pxii|Pier 20
Phoenix Mendocino City j 1 pmiPier 13
Sanivdru.. r<O» Angeles Ports. | 2 pm| Pier 2
Arca ta Cfjrs P..-P. Orford.l 4 pmiPier 1.J
Uoric China & Japan ! 1 pmiPier 4o
Umatilla... Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 'J
December 23.- 'I
Bcnita Newport fiz Way... !) am|P!er 11
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 14 pmiPier 10
December 24. 1 |
W Kms't. I-os Angeles Ports. | 4 pm|Pier 2
P. Monica.. Los Anstles Porls.; 4 pnvt'ler z
F Leggett'i HumbolrH i U anll'ler 2
U.Lanuauer. Grays Harbor — (Pier —
Pomona.... Humboldt l:SOpjPler 0
*.I Dollar... Seattle Tacoma. 5 pmiP!?r 20
<i W KldT Astcria * Portland. II am|Pier 21
CningWo.. HcnukonK ipmrPierl'i.
State Cal... San Dieso k Way. 9 am Pier 11
Porno i Pt Arena & Albion U pm Pier 2
I December 26. I
Pt. Arrna..| Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pmiPier 2
' Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mjPier 40
K?inier Seattle ft Whs>t'-oint 4 pmiPier 10
December 27. 1 J
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.l D am, Pier It
Q U<f en Fucet Sound Ports. Ill amlPier 0
December 23. I - |
Alliance Eureka A Coos Btv| 4 pmiPier 16-
Columbla... 1 Astoria & Portlnnd.lll amlPier 24
December 30. ! |
X Maru... Ch'na & Japan I 1 pm I Pier 40
December 31. | |
Sequoia.... Grays Hnrlior. . ... . 112 miPler 20
Sierra j Sydney & Way. . . j 2 pmiPier 7
I Centennial. I Seattle & Taooma.ilO amlPier 2
TO SAIL
The Ftoamer City of Puebla sailed on Thurs
day for Victoria with nn assorted carso con
signed to the i>ort of destination and the
principal Brttlab Columbian ports, valued at
$ttll4, and including the fcllowlnsr:
2liO pkgs fresh fruit, 46 pkas vegetable?,
2125 lbs dr!ed fruit; 1711 lbs rjlslns, 5 pkKS
Krocories and provisions, 10 pkgs arms and am
munition. 15 Cbls baking- powder, H2 sks coke,
•12 cs canned coeds, 392 lbs coffee. 212 lbs
cheese, 6 pkgs ortijta, 2 pkt;s electrical supplle-.
12 cyw fias. 1701 Icet hardv/ood. 4 rolls leather.
4C.",0 lbs rr:pal.", 41C0 lbs malt. P7S !bs nuts. .".
pkgs oysters. S.",G0O In* oil cake, 12S.3 lbs 1C0
bxs paste, 50 pkgs polish, 3 pes steel. 7 cs
spices. 10 tubes, 3S0 lbs 30 cs tobacco. 23 sa,ls
5 cs wino.
Exports for the North.
The bask Edward May was cleared yesterday
for Makaweli. Hawaiian IslaJTds. with an as
sorted merchandise cargo, valued at $28,105,
and including- the fcllowinf:
4'{0 tens fertilizer. 100 bbls lime. 23 bales
cakum, 30 kegs nails, 22 pkgs hardware, 12.44!*
feet lumber, 250 feet hardwood, 25 pes 4 bdls
iron, 20 kegs liquors, 22 pes steel, 50 bbls
cement, W) cs canned coods, 4 cs boots and
shoes, a coops chickens.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The e?':oonor- Matthew Turner (on Puget
Round) was chartered prior to arrival for lum
ber from .Puget Sound or Columbia River to
Sydney at .'«'*, with option of Melbourne or
Adelaide at 37s Hd, or Fremantle at 47s 6d.
The British ship Glenesslin is chartered for
lumber from, Portland to Durban, South Africa,
at 4:;s »d. i
Matters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
ARRIVED. ,
Saturday, December 10.
Stmr Newburg-. Anflndsen, 86 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 18 hours from
Little River.
Stmr Francis H l^eggett, Jahnsen, 24 hours
from Eureka.
Ger ftmr Homer, Donaldson, 42 hours from
San P^dro.
SAILED.
Saturday. December 19.
Stmr Arfiyll, Gilboy, Honolulu.
Stmr Arctic. Relners, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDOXDO — Arrived Dec 1!) — Stmr Lakme.
hence Dec lti; stmr Ceniralia, from San Pedro;
schr W F Jewett. from Astoria. f
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 19— Schr Orient, for
San Francisco.
FAIRHA VEX— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Olym
pl.i. henc-e Dec 14.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 10—^Stmr Greenwood,
hence Dec 17; stmr Pomona, hence Dec IS.
Salted Dec IP — Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec IS— Br ctmr Nan
shan, from Yokcbarna.
FOREIGN POKTS'.
MOJI — Ar»ived Ncv «0 — Nor stmr Terje Vi
ken. from Manila.
IjIZARD — Pas^d Dec 17 — Br ship Speke, fm
Antwerp for Port Los Angeles.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Dec 1— Ger stmr Tot
mes, 'or San Francisco. Dec 17 — Ger stmr
Mera, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Dec 1— Ger stmr
Luxor, lor Hamhurir.
IQUIQL'E; — Saiifd Dec 7 — Br ship Lonsdale, ,
for .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Deo 19 — Br stmr Cop
tic for San Franc!3co.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Dec 18 — Ship
Henry Faluns, fcr San Francisco.
Shipping Intelligence.
Steamer. From. ' ' | Due.
Empire C*<;s Bay i: I't. OrfordiDec. 20
Ching Wo....; Hongkong viri Manz'l'.o. !l)ec. 2i»
lanua : Humbc ldt i Dec. 20
Pho»4ifx I Menduclno iDec. iu
G. Llndauer.. I Vortland & Astoria IDec. 20
J. Dollar Ifc'tattU & Tacoma |Dec. 20
l;un:ta Newport & Way Ports. .;l)ec. 20
N. Maru ! China & Japau iUec. iW
Aztec I Tacoma t-)»c.
riierra Sydney & Way Ports. .|Dec. 21
Oanfa ; china &. Japun ;Dec. 2i
G. W. Elder.. ' Portland & Astcria |Dec. 21
Stele of Cal. . J San Diego & Way Porti|Dec. 21
Central!* ; t-'an Pedro (Dec. 21
Del Norte ; Crescent City [Dec. 2L
G. Dollar Grays HaTho- i Dec. 21
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. IDec. 22
Pomona ' Humboldt (Dec. 22
Porno I Pt, Arena & Albion.. I Dec. 22
Tellus Oyster Harbor iDec. 2.V
Eureka Humbo'.dt jDec. 2-1
Acapulco New York via Panama. [Dec. 23
Queen l*uget Sound Ports iDec. 'iJ
Arctic I Humboldt !Dec. 24
S. Mor.ica. . . . I <irays Harbor .Dec. 24,
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way PortslDec. 24
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. |Dec. 24
Santa Rosa... fan Diego & Way Pts.lDec. 24
Edith ' Seattle IDec. 2T>
Sp'jkar.e ' Hunit>o!dt !Dec. 25
Aicata i <"'cc3 Bay & Pt. OrfordiDec. 2<".
Oreftonian j New York IDec. 20
S. Barbara... '¦ Seattle &. Olympia |Dec. 2(j
Columbia j Portland & Astoria -Dec. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports IDec. 27
'Centennial .' Ferule & Ta^oma ....ID?c. 27
Alllanco Portland & Way Ports. .IDec. 27
Sequoia ...... Grays llarbcr .^Dec. 2S
North Kcrk... Ifi'irboldt IDec. 28
City Puebia.. Puget Hound Ports. ...j Due. 2.S
Siberia «~!iina and JaDan iDec. 2S
Msrlposa,. Tahiti iDec. '.?'.<
HIvsJ Willar>a Harbor |Dec. 29
Peiu.... Now Ycrk via Panama. 'Dec. 30
Branch Ilydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chant? 1 Exchange. San Francisco. Cai.,
recerr.ber 10, 1003.
The Time Ball en the tower of the Ferry
fcillldir.s was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
V e., at neon cf the 120th msrldian, or at S p.
m.. Greenwich tir.:e. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
The whalinft bark Andrew Hickr, the last
of the Win* fleet, sailed yesterday on her
regular cruise. Apent Wine, v.ho has bssn
here from New Bedford to receive and super
intend tha outfitting of his ptiips. will return
to his Eastern home in a few days.
Whaler Andrew Hicks Sails.
TO AHKIVE.
Movements cf Steamers.
w.th pafrengers and sbMit 23C0 tors of freight.
Hfr cars") included a large shipment of stores
for the ships of the Pacific siuadrjn statlonel
at the Isthmus.
sign precedes the helfrM, ar.J then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
c* the lower low v.aters.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S LINER ALAMEDA AND STEAM
SHIP SAN JOSE OF PACIFIC JUA.II., COMPANY. WHICH SAILED
YESTERDAY, ONE FOR HONOLULU, THE OTHER FOR PANAMA.
cheese, 300 lbs codf.sh. 0 pkgs groceries and
provision?. 2TJ0 eals wire.
To Xeiv York — 72,106 cals wine, 25 gals
brandy. 10 cs nut "oil. 37. "57 lbs grrsase wool. 27
ska herns. JSM biles junk. .'{."J.WX) lbs dry hides,
2879 pies lead. -SStiO lbs rice, 20 flasks quick
silver. 15 cs drug?. **
To Germany — S5.sr2 !bs dried prunes.
To England — 11.400 lbs dried peaches.
The 6teamrr also carried 10<O bbls flour, valued
at $430, for Ecuador and ISO cs canned salmon,
valued at $694, for Jamaica.
Indian and Mexican coods. burnt novelties,
beads, Cal. souvenirs. The Curio. 32 Eddy. •
The Oceanic fteam-jhij) Company's ft*ara
ship Alameda sailid yesterCay tor Honolulu
with iasscngers and a full cargo. A large
crevwd frathcied en Faclflc-strm wharf to
wave good-by to the passengers on the de
parting liner, which left the dock promptly
tt 11 o'clock. Cliarles L. Patton is coins to
Honolulu on the Alameda for a midwinter va
cation. He t-as accompanied by his wife
anti child. Colonel John McClellan, com
mander oi the' island military i>c*i, was a:sj
a puMBSCT on the liner. He is returning
to duty alter an extended leave of absence.
Tta Aiameda's pas-engers included the lohow
in^ named:
tj. E. Barbar. J. Darcy, Mirs Dar^y, Thomas
J. Dlven, M. Green, William Heed, Miss N.
Jone5. L>avid Lawrence, E. J. Lea., James M.
l_*szynsky Ccpiain W. T. Lewis, Mrs. L#?wl?,
A. E. McCarthy. Mr.=. -McCarthy, Color.el
John McCiellan, A. H. Mofflt. Mi-s M. Moss
man. Miss K. Nash. Miss E. Newman. Mrs.
J. Ouderli'.rk. Master Ouderkirk. Charles K
Patten, wife and child, S. Pelser. V. A. Kich
mend. W. E. Skinner. Mrs. Skinner, G. W.
Stee>. G. W. l.'sher, J. G. Watson. Mrs. C.
Wolters and child.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
Meanwhile the growing array of
commuters is pinning its faith to the
good luck that has carried the boats
safely so often through the trackless
darkness of some pretty thick fogs.
The first suggestion of the light
house board has not been . received
with open arms, all but one of the
ferry captains declaring it to be im
practicable. In the name of Uncle
Sam the lighthouse board offered to
buMd a lighthouse half a mile to the
southward of Goat Island, the South
ern Pacific boats to so to the south
and the Key Route steamers to the
north of the beacon.- This offer, it is
understood, has been declined, but the
lighthouse officials are not satisfied
that the courses of the rival lines can
not be kept clear of each other and
they now have the matter under con
sideration.
The boats of the Key Route are fast
er than some of the Southern Pacific
boats. - £omo of the "canary* pilots
like to come into their sap with the
tide. The navigators of Jhe Southern
Pacific prefer to paddle to their
berths against the current. To carry
out these ideas one host takes a south
erly course and the other goes toward
the north star. The yellow and fast
er boat parses the more sober giited
railroad steamer before getting into
position for the sh^oot to the slip an 1
to gain that position crosses and re
crosses the bow of the rival passen
ger carrier] At times the margin left
for this maneuvering is narrow snd
v hile the pilot of the hare may tri
umph in the abasement of the pilot
of the tortoise the passengers on both
boats derive from the operation thrills
not born of joy.
The United States inspectors of
hulls ar.d boilers have witnessed some
of these nerve rocking episode*. The
members cf the lighthouse board have
also partaken of the excitement. Both
branches are now on the scene with
suggestions, the promise of more to
follow and the prospect of some new
and rigid regulations if the sugges
tions are not assimilated.
The local inspectors have ordered
the boats of the Key Route to show
two yellow iights on their forward
smokestack at night and the boats of
the Santa Fe system, plying to Point
Richmond and crossing the courses
of the oth<y ferries, must hereafter
exhibit two blue lights in similar po
sition.
operation the complexity of the situa
tion has increased and with some
months of fo^gy weather in prospect
the always imminent danger of fatal
mishap has increased many fold.
As the boats are operating now
each pilot is the sole judge of the
course of his own boat and as most
of them have different and conflict
ing ideas as to the best way of ap
proaching a slip under the varioua
conditions of the tide, passengers
traveling between the Alameda shore
and £an Francisco have been interest
ed if not entertained at some of tho
close shaving involved in the 'carry
ing out of the pilots' ideas.
The United States Government of
ficials whose duty lies with the prob
lems of navigation have been devot
ing their attention to safeguarding the
trans-bay ferry traffic. Since the yel
low boats of the Key Route commenced
The Civil Service Commission has
taken a hand in, the controversy now
going on between the Board of Works
and the Board of Education over the
dismissal of James B. McSheehy, In
spector of school buildings, owing to
lack of funds to do repairing on school
buildings. The Board of Works desires
to retain McSheehy, claiming that his
services are absolutely required to su
pervise necessary repairs to seventy
five school buildings. The Board of Ed
ucation, en the other hand, wants to
keep W. E. Comrr.ary, assistant inspec
tor of school buildings, contending that
he is needed to keep the accounts.
The Civil Service Commission re
quested information regarding Com
mary's duties, with a view of deter
mining the necessity for his retention.
Yesterday the Board of Works sent in
reply the follow! ns communication to
the commission: '
The Board of Public Works respectfully ac
knowlcdces the receipt of your communica
tion of December 8. 100.!. relative to W. E.
Commary, In the employ of this b.-ard. and
requesting to he advlssU in detail as to the
duties performed by said W. E. Commary
as assistant Inspector of school buddings, ar.d
storekeei>er cf the Heard of Educat.on.
The Board of Public Works res^ctfuily In
forms your honorable commission that dur
ine all of the times when said VV. E. Com
mary was certified to your honorable com
mission as asristRnt Inspector c£ school
bulldincs his dutlea were those cf assistant
to the inspector, to-v/it: acting for and on
b«half of the inspector during h!;> absence.
the assignment of 'craftsmen to work and the
superintending cf the game, and flso setti lg
out such repairs as were required to be made
on school bulldlnr*.
Since Mr. Commary has teen ccrr.fled to
your honorable commission under the designa
tion of storekeeper o? the Hoard cf Educa
tion his duties are and , have bren to ke?p ac
counts of materials and supplies on hand,
to keep the t!rne ot all employes engaged r>n
repairs, to t.re^are nil requisitions in con
nection with said r°;)air.s, to r?.*!%e stock
of all kinds re<y.:lred for use in repair of
school buildings a;:d to irsue ths same when
needed.
United States Government Makes Offer to Construct
Beacon Haifa Mile South of Goat Island, but Bay
Pilots Say the Scheme Would Not Be Practicable
Commission Joins in Dispute
Isow On Between Works
Board and School Directors
CIVIL SERVICE
TAKES A HAND
WOULD BUILD LIGHTHOUSE
TO DIVIDE FERRY COURSES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1903.
Steamer. For j Sails.
*1-K1 Ekajtway & Way Ports.lDec. 20
Valencia Skagway Direct |Dec. 25
Karallon Skagway & Way Ports. (Dec. IMS
DolDhln Skagway & Way Ports.iUec. 1'U
Excelsior I Cookn Inlet & Way Pts.Uan. 1
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
68
ADVEBTISEMENTa
CHILDREN'S [
HOSPITAL |
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmwmmmmmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm '
December 22, j
23 and 24 ;
I
===== CmiCmi 0 " ¦ SS=a !
Sutler Street !
Manufacturers and Dealsra In '
ACIDS, AMMONIA,
BORAX and
PHOTO CHEMICALS,
548-550 BATTERY STREET.
" !
Tel. No.. Black 64S2. '
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at J)::U) a. m, througi in 3 d»7*» !
, with diner and all trappings. j
: Otuer Saata re Tralre:
; T:HO a. m. 1 icT stcckton. Fre*no. Bakersaeld.
»:30 a. m. V Merced. HanCord and Vlsalia.
! S:0(> p. m. J
¦ 4:00 p. in. for Stockton. \
| S:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and j
i Chicago. i
! TICKET orriCE — 641 Market St.. and j
Perry Depot, S. T. Also 1113 Broad- j
j wa7. Oakland, Cal. !
! CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. j
j LESSKE
j SAN FRAHCIaiO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
j Tiljurcn Terry. Pcot ot Market Street. >
i saw ra atjcisco to san bapaei. i
I WEEK l)ATS-I:30. 0:00. 11:PO a. m. : 12:3a. !
j 3:SO. 5:10. C:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip |
at 11:30 p. in. !
Saturdays— Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p. m. ;
• SUNDAYS— S:0O. »:3O. 11:00 a. tn.: 1:30, ,
| 3:30. 5:CO. «:20. 11:30 p. m. ;
'¦ SAN SAFAEL TO SAW PBASCZSCO. \
! WEEK DAYS— 6:C5. 7:35. 7^0. 0:20. 11:15
1 e. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:CO. 5:20 p. m.
I Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C5 and fi:25 p. m.
' SUNDAYS — <*:0O. !»:40. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40,
4:65. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. j
Leuve I In Effect I Arrive
I Fan Francisco.! Sejt. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
I Week I Pun- I Ijcstlna- I Sun- I Week i
I Days. I days.' I tton. j days. [ Days. |
I "7:3o"aTsToO^a! """ 0:10 a' S:"40a ;
0;3rta Ignaclo. 10:40 a 1!>:"JO a .
i .1:50 p :;::«) p «:C5 pi 6:^0 p |
I 6:10 p 5:C0p . 7:35 pj |
i 7:U0~al ] 0:1ft al S:40a j
I S:COa Novatn. 10:40a'10:20 a
; 3:Or 9:3ft a Tataluma «:0."> p| 6:20 p |
! 5:10 p »-30p and 7:35 p
i 5:00 p| Santa Rosa. I I
7:^0 al flO:40a;iO:20 a |
j S:0Oa Fulton., I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 pi 3:30 p| ' \ | j
I Windsor. | |
7:30a S:COa Hfalisburg. 10:40a 10:20a
Ljtton.
3:C0p 3:30 p[ Geyserviile. 7:35 p 6:20 p
j Cloverdale.
7:L'0a| 8:00 al Hopland - |10:4rt a|lO:2O a
3:a0r| 3:30p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| 6:2O p
"7:30 aj 5:09 aj Wlllita. |7;»5p|6:aop j
"7:30h| 8lWe! ' " |l0;40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:."0p[ Ouerntvllle. ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:SOn| S:COa| Sonoma. j 0:10 a| S:4O a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
~7*".(rai 8:COal |10:40a[10:2O"a
3:30 p| 3-^0 p| Sebastopol. |7:35pj «:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton fcr Altruria and Mark West
I Springs; At Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- |
I Bervllle fur Skaggs Sprlncs; at CloverdaJe for
I th» GeyM-rs. Ilooneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KelseyvUle. Carlsbad Sprinzs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett oprlncs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakea. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprinsrs. Upper Lake. I'omo.
rotter Valley. John Day'*. Riverside. Lleriy's.
Bucknell'a. Sanbedrin Heights, Hullvllie. Orra
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Conaptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Brass.
Westpcrt. Usal: at WHHts for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
«en's. Dyer, GarbcrvlUe, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
-Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyon<1 San Rafael at tialf rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chonlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING. B. X. RYAN*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt-
¦ TOSAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
via Sansalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart irom San Francisco Dally— 7:00. 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:15. 4:15.
l-V, 6:15. 7:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. S:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45, 5:45. 0:45.
S - 45 10:CO r- m. '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 3:43. 6:55. 7:32. 8:33. 9:55.
11-20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:03. B:C3. 6:05.
7C5. 9:C0, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:0« a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Toniales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. tn., Point Reyes an«l
way stattnrs.
TICKET OFFICE— 62G Market *t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
fiflT. Tamalpais Railway
" '' Leave Tu Sjaalito tori \rrive
San Frandaco Foot cf lUrtat St. SaaFrtndactt
saiss y^^ izn^
sarss: wlm
zz:" i-45* £Z Or * :S0 *
¦flwiirt^ta^^fcr Brw»«8d'TnkVh^r
ff* I 8 *, 1 !!**™ 1 Sr -W<"* Shore Ra.^ol«ir
OinCB } aad Savsauto Fttty, Fool J4aikciS«.
ADVEB.TISEMEUTS.
ft To every purchiszT,
I Tomorrow (Monday) 1
I DECEMBER 2,3.
! to commemorate Lrst anniversary of I
| our removal, w" J
! ONE CAKE OF F1HE SKIN SO? I
i or J
I ONE PAGKA6Z SACH:T POWDER j
| ON: BOTTLE ¥oO3 PERFUME I
! with every p-jrehaar. »
i I ' • J>
; A great variety of useful and crna- K
msctal holiday goods at moderate
pries.
S. A. McDonnell's Pharmacy
803 MARKET STBBET
Next cor. Fourth. Late o: Grant Ave. 2C
\ ED. FAY. E.J. FOSTER. \\
7*tmtzlj of CHI Enst. ', £
< s
•¦>
< S
GRAND
HOTEL CAFE
X New Montgomery Street.
J ir
i j'
X Headquarters for all profe> 2
< sional and mining men of <
J the Cout : : : : i t ','¦
< <|
z <
i i,
>\ Foster & Fay, San Frandsco. \
BAH. WAY TBAVEI..
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Irmlns !«»?« and are ilts to »rri»» M
sAN VKANC1SCO. _,
(M»ln Lln«y Foot of Martet 8tr««t ) '"^
i.«>t« — Knoll Sotmih a. HC8. — a»«t»_
7X0 a V*ca*ll!e. Winter*, liaaner 7&5e
7.0JA Benfda, Salsan. Klm!r« »ad 3»er*-
mentu 7-25*
7.38* Vallejo. Xipa. Ca'.litor*. Sanu
Kosa. xiartlnci. 6*b Ramoo i-Z&T
7-30* Xl'.ei. Ltvermore, Tracy. Lntiirjp.
I Stockton 725*
- |.C0a Sb»«tft Exprew— (Via Darti).
wir.;*m» (for Bartlett ?pr:ax»>.
I Wli.own. ?t'riuo. lied BlaS.
Portland. Tacoioa. Seati:« 7.SS'
SCO* Da^ls.Woo<l!»na. Kn'.jiJU Laodiaj.
MarjivUle. OroTtUe 7.58*
> 840* Fort Ct'ia. Mirtiufx- A&ttocb.
i Byron, Trtcy. Stockton. Xew-
mm. Los Kanoa. M • n A o t a.
t Armoaa. Haafurd. Vttalta,
Porterrlll* 4.25»
I JO* Port Coit.a. Martiaex. Tracy. Latb-
rop. Modesto. Merest. Freino.
• Goanaa Junction. II an ford.
Vliallv Bakcrsfleld .". «-35»
¦JO* Mlm. San .Jo»e. Llrermore. Btoc*-
ton. (+M!lton). lone. Sicramento.
r'.aeerT'lie. Mary»vi:ie. t'hico.
Red CJoff 4-23P
1 t.S9* Oakd«;e. Chinese. Jamettowa. So-
nora. Taolumne and AnseU 4 25p
! tOC* Atlantic Rxproti— Oglcnsnd E«»i. 112->»
1 8 J0» K!chmond. Uartlaes and Way
' 9u:!ona 5 55r
I 10 00* The Overland Limited — Usdea.
DenTer. Omana. CT»!c«go. 825*
: 1000* Vallejo_ 12.25*
' 10.00* Lo» Anirelet Passenger — Port
Codta. Uart!nei. Byron. Tracy.
| • Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
! - Riiytnond. Fresuo. Go»b*» Jano-
Hod, H»nfaTd. Lemooi*. Vis*!!*.
Bakersflfld. Los A»«re!ea 7.»»
i IS-OOi Hnyward. Nile* and Way SUUom. a 2S»
¦ n-OOr Bacmmeato niTer Stearaert tli.OO*
I i.33r Bentcta, Winter*. Sacramento.
Wooditnd, Kntsbrj Landing
Mary»Tlli3. OroTllle sal w»y
stations "I?!
I $.30r na7warrt.N!lesandWay SUtlona.. «.55»
! XJOr i"ort Costo. Martinez, Byroa.
j Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Star
tion* beyond Port Co«ta 12-25*
I X.30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lcii... 10-25*
4 00* Martlnez.9anUsmon.ValleJo,Nap»»
i Callstona. Santa Hosa. ??5 4
! 4 OOr Ktlea. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl ...... 425*
4 30* Oayward. Sllea. Irrlngton. San I t8.55k
Jose. Ltvermore J til. 55*
' E CO* Tie Owl Limited— Newman. Lo»
Uanos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare, •
Bakersaeld. Los Angeles B&5*.
6.00* Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton t2.25»
t630* Hsyward, Ktles and San Jot* 72S *
BOG* Hayward. Ktles asd San Joae. 95»*
S4Wr Kaitera Expresa-Oftden. DenTsr.
Omaba. St. Louis. Chicago aad
Kaat. Port Co«ta. Beaicla. Sal-
san. Elmin. Davis. Sacramento
Rocklla. Auanrn, Colfax.
Trackee. Boca. Bern, Wad*-
wortn. Wlnnemueea 8-29*
•••0* VaKeJo. dally, except Sundaj.... t •, 5J ,
7.00* Vallejo. Sunday only I '""^
7J3O* Klchmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Marttnes and Way Buttons 11.25*
«.CSr Oreeon A California Ksprets— Sa«-
x ramento. MarysTlMe. Reddtn?.
Portland. Pnget Sound aad East. 853*
8.10* Bayward. Nile* and Saa Jose (Soar
dayoaly) H-5»>
COAST LINE (Marr»w ti«« S t).
! (Foot of Market Street.) m
••16* Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Joso,
Felton. Itoolaer Creek. S»nt*
Cras aad Way Statloaa. 853*
tt.ttr Newark. Ceaterrllle, Baa Jots.
New Almttdea. Los Gato«.7euoa.
Boalder Cr«ek, Saata Crus aad
Principal Way Stations tlO-Sl*
4-16* Kawark. Baa Jose. LoaOatos aad t t8.8S*,
wsy lUtlon I t19S5*
*3-3Cr Enaters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Joaa and Way Stations. RerarB-
tnc from Loa Gatos Saaday only. £7 2S»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
from SAN KKAN CISCO, i cot of Market 8U (S.I?*
-rr.li t:00 U:(»a.ii. 1.00 3 00 5-15 tj*.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — f«:00 £!:«»
«:(» io:0o a.m. 1200 200 400 *.M.
COAST LINE <Ur««4 «iaaw«). ~U
t£~ (Third aad Townxad Streets.) ' ~
'6-10* Saa Jose and Way Sutlons. ISO*
700a 6an Jo*e and Way Buttons. 5.M*
8-00* New Almadea (Taes.. TruL. oa!y\ 4.10* '
800a Coast Lhae Limited— Stops only Saa
Jo", Gtlroy (connection for Hol-
Itster), Pajaro. C*stror1!le. S*-
11na». San Ardo. Paao KoMea.
•antaMarKartta.SanLats Oftisp^
Principal stations thenee Surf
(connection for Lotnpoc) priorl-
Ml (Utlons tltenea SaaU Bar-
b*r a and Lm Angclea. i Connoo-
Ucn at CastroTtUe to and froas
Monterey and Pacific Grore 19 43*
8. CO* San Juse. Tres Plnoa, Capltola.
i 6antaCrn!t,Pac1ttcOroTe.SalIaaa.
" 8an Lnta Obtspo and Principal
I $$"!2* 6a« Jos* and Wa'y Stations"!"*"* 1-20»
1130* Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Ottos
«'m and Way Stations 7 38
1-20* Sso Jose and Way Stations 8-ift*
•410* Pacific GroTPKxrress— SanuCara
8an Jt«e, Dei Monte. Monterey.
Tacifle Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Snai.i Cruz. Boolder
Crerk and Narrow Gaa;e Pctnts)
at Gllroy for IToIttster. Tres
Plnc».atCaatr"TUIc for8a!!naa. 12 1^»
3-30* Trea Ptnos Way Passenger {10 43*
U4c/- &aa Jcie. (iU SaaU Clara) Los
Gatos. and Prtnctpn: Way Su-
:_-_¦ tlons (except Suaaay) t917«
55-20* SanJoseaarirrinctpalNVayStatKra* t8.0J*>
B.CC* tor.ift LinttteU.— Uedwcx <1. Saa
Jose. Gllroy.Saltsas. Paso Kobl*«,
Ean l.n!» itUlsrMV SanU Bxrhara,
Los Angara, IVmlB?. KI P»s<\
5ir.w (irir» r ., Krw York. Coa-
nects at Paj^n> tnr Saata Cra*
and at Cantrnv! 1 :,* for PxclSa
OroTe and Way Stations 7.1S*
Tfi.16* Eaa3Llateo.Berpffora.Belmoat.Saa
Carlo*. l>dwoo<i. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto rS.44*
f.?Pr Saa Jose and Way Stattona. 8 33*
11 .30* South San Francisco. MKlbrae. Bar-
linganiA. San Mtteo. Btlmon:,
I fctn Carlos; Redwood, Fair Oaka, «V
! Mealo Park, an.t Pat^ Alto 9 *V|l
alVSOr Mjyflell. Mountain View. Sunay-
1% ale. LawTence. Sanu Clars and
Si»nJo!te »4Sf
A for Morning. P for Afteraoo*
• Saaday only.
\ Stops at all stations on Easda?.
+ fc>nnday excepted. a satardi; only.
OT Only trains stopp'nff at Valencia St. lootiNsflM
• treiaflLA.lt. T;W*J? a U:34*.M J J:SO*Jl.aad »:Mr.»
SEE THE riCTUBES
JUST WATCH FOR THE
FKONT PAGE
OF THE
SUNDAY CALL'S'
NEW YEAR EDITION
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 De LANG BROS. 1
Brass 1
|| Copper and !
Sheet Metal !j
| Workers
t HARDWARE
\ 7
< II I I HI I II I ¦ IM I Ml .IMIMWMIHf
X Agents for the Celebrated j
1 BORN STEEL RANGE
I : — ~ I
A Specialty Made oj I j
I rVsr? Description of Marine Work |!
i TELEPHONE FRONT 64. I
| i
Z Have Removed to I
] 70-72 SPEAR ST., S. F. ||
W.T.GARRATT&GO. !
Manufirtarers and Dialers in
BRASS AND
4RON GOODS ;
For Water, Steam and Gas
Brass 2nd Bell Foundry !
Machine and Pump Works I
138 to 142 FREMONT STREET j
Sih FRANCISCO, CiL
o oi
CHAS. D. PIEE.CE. Pres.
Over 93 per cent of users of Cash i
Kegristers are uslnfir
F* 1 1 '
Sees thi« mtu anythirff to 70a?
Sell on easy monthly psynicats.
PIERCE & CO.,
14 Turk Street.
Fhoae South 1C3. Saa Frsncirco. '
' California Artistic Metal |
and Wire Go.
Manufacturers of
By
and
539 Mission St., fai Fransisco, Cal.
Telephone, Main 154-5
> O
j JUST PUBLISHED
; end Mailed FREE on Application
I The Success of
La Zacimlpa
Extracts from th» Government >
Report on Our Rubber Plantation,
with Comments by Our Resident *
Director, Mr. O. H. Harrison.
Illustrated With Ten Photographs \
taken by the Agricultural Depart- >
mer.t during their recent visit.
5hares Now For Sale....
WRITE FOR PARTICULARS.
LA ZACUALPA RUBBER
=PLANTATION C0.= {
713 Market SL ~ San Prencbco i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; For Ease m Washing and Pleasure in Bathing Use
. 2O MULE TEAM BORAX V
Sold Everywhere. One sale was the record on' the Stock and
-Bond Exchange yesterday.. It was Just enough
The United States Has 78,000 postof- !
flees. Germany is next with 45,623 and
Great Britain third with 22,400. - . •
STOCK-MARKET..
. 1 This market had an easy, tone and . buying
was of p. hand-to-mouth character, aa buyers
have . not yet commenced to . stork up for the
Christmas trade.. Grapes . and .Berries, which
are more of n novelty than anything else at
this time of the year,' were offering in small
quantities - and found ready, pale. Longworth
Strawberries sold at «W?75c p»r drawer and
Mallndas brought $3@4 per chest. Verdel and
Comichon Grar's !n crates-, were easily dlo
poaedof at $1 CO per crate. Apples were dull,
but prices of . fancy ¦ stock were maintained an
dealers .were: not Inclined to force «ales. • There
was very little call for Quinces or Persfmmons
and prices were without quotable change.
. The Oranre market wai overstocked ? and
ven* dull except for highly colored Navels,
which were very scarce. Partly colored stock
was abundant, but attracted little attention,
and some dealers were cutting price* In order
to effect - sales. ..Four cars of • Navels are an
nounced for to-morrow's auction.'
Cranberries ars rapidly cleaning up and very
firm. . ¦.Mimadfa&iatiKamsBBBtem,
Deciduous and Citnis Fruits.
FOR SATURDAY DECEMBER 19. • -
Flour qr sks .. 7.2261 Shorts. »ks ?6
Wheat, ctls ' 300| Tallow, ctls ... ,.T?1
Farley rtls 1«.?*R TVlts. No .*«5
Beans " sks l.n.-.5[HWes. No. S57
Potatoes sks.. .- 1. 8^0; Quicksilver, flks 3*rt
Onions, sks .... fis T-ather. rolls..- *S'
Pran sks ..... 3*7 'Vine gals S«.1«>
Middlings, ska.. -»-V- >andy. cals .. 5.W0
Hay ton» ....' 2K -nsrar. rtls .... WO
Hops bales ... 3^4 Lime, bbls 317
Wool bales XlO
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr *ks ¦.':¦ 9.7421 Potatoes, sks. . . 204
Wheat ctls .... 420 Middlings, sks.. l.«7l
Barley ctls 9,1CO| Flaxseed. eks..-l,2C3
Oats, ctls ..... «-440 :•'./
EASTERN. -
Flour, qr sks.. .1,6001 •
Receipts of Produce.
WHEAT- Argentine cables reported the crop
damaged by rains, especially In Rosarlo, where
the weather is- rainy, hot and sultry. This was
the only news, from abroad.
Chicago advanced 'from' S2%c to'S34c. Thp
market was active and oversold 'with the "trade
Inclined t<> the bear side. ..An errormoua short
interest is reported. The important development
of the -week has b»en the large buylnp of
Kansas wheat by foreigners, • over v 1 OyO 000
bushels having been taken In two days. ' •
The" Chicago" letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. says: "It was a strong market through
out the .entire .session. .The. dull and un
changed Liverpool market was something of
a disappointment. . but created no selling pres
sure. There seems J to be too much Wheat
contracted" In strong hands find too great a
scattered. short-Interest- to look for much weak
ness. ., The export 1 business the past two or
three days ha» shown a decided' Improvement.
The estimate* of the world's shipments for the
week show a falling off. as Is natural with the
closing of Russian ports. . On the whole our
domestic situation seems to be on a healthy
basis. This. being true, .the discount on July
wheat seems a blsr premium In favor of the
buyer. The Russian-Japanese controversy Is
apparently receiving more consideration In
Europe than In this country. The long delay in
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 54 $2 ,
Sterling Exchange sight — 4 £54
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 864
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07 4
Silver, per ounce — 54'u
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43 '
Exchange and Bullion.
SATURDAY. Dec. 10— 12 m.
Bid. Ask.! BI4,Ask.
Alpha' <W <t4: Justice CS 10
Alta ...' 01 O2.Kentuek C3 (M
Andes 1* 17 ( Keyes Graes. — 1 73
, Belcher 20 21 Lady Wash. . — 02
Best & Belch. 1 90 2 10 Mexican .....1 05 1 lrt
Bullion Cfl 07|Occidental ... 3S 41
Caledonia ... 6» 70 Ophlr ...205210
Challenge Con 18 20 Overman .... 20 22
Chollar 19 20[Potosi IS 19
Confidence ... «7 70j Savage 40 41
Con C & Va.l 05 1 10 Scorpion 01 ' 02
Con Imperial. 02 on|Peg Belcher.. C6 07
Con N Y .11 12 Sierra Nev . . 4S SO
Crown Point. 15 1« Silver HU1 .. 75 ' 77
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis 12 ig
Exchequer ... 15 IB Syndicate ... 04 C6
Oonld & Cur. 32 33 Union Con ¦: . 43 50
Hale & N'orc. 44 40 Utah CS 09
Julia-.... 03" C5 Yellow Jacket 20 22
. . TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Afk.1 Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — Cl|Ton * Cal... — 22
Gip«v Queen. — 30, Ton of Nev. 6 CO 6 75
MacNamara . — 12iTon N Star.. .15 38
Mont Ton..l 224 1 25[Ton Midway.. 53 55
Paymaster .. — 13, Ton "A S Lake — 50
Rescue. 07 10; United Ton.. — 12
Ton Belmont . 75 . 7S> • . .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19^ — Assistant
Secretary Armstrong of the Treasury
Department saw the President for a
brief time to-day.' He said the de
partment had in preparation circulars
which would be sent to customs of
ficers throughout the country relative
to the operations of the Cuban reci
procity law. The law provides that
the 'new rates of duty on Cuban pro
ducts should be effective ten days after
the promulgation of the exchange of
ratifications.
Circulars to Show Cuban Duties.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
S4.3CO barr^s; exports, 1S.0OO barrels; contin
ued firm but quiet at old prices. Winter pat
ents. $494 ?..%; winter straights. $404 10; Min
nesota patent?. $4 .V.S4 75; winter extras S3®
3 r»: Minne-ota bakers, $3 70Q3 «?;' winter
low rradfF, *2 kC<^.1 15.
WHEAT— Rocelnts. 78,000 bushels; sales
2.100.000 bushels futures, 150,000 bushels spot'
N". 2 red. Wic elevator and 03c f. o. b afloat-
No. 1 Duluth. »5c f. o. b. afloat. Continued
s-r.a'.l WesTora receipts steadier cables and
ftrorg outside markets were the influences
that led to the early advances in wheat to-day
Later the market continued very firm, especi
ally December, which closed i^c net' higher
Mxy. 5.1»,6i*G>ic. closed 86'ic; July. Sl^e
S2*ij < *. closed 82?ic; December, 91*i©9 o iic
closcrt «j2Uc.
Hops— rirtn. , State common to choice 1903
24«i.'VJc: 1PC2. IR^Se; o!ds. 6^12c- Pacific
Coast. 13OJ crop, 23®2Se; 19C2. lSf23c; olds
CSt?c. '
HIDEP— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
13c.
WOOL,— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm: No. 7 Invoice. 7c
MiM. flnn; Cordova, 'J?>4#l3c.
HUGAP.— Raw. steady; fair refining. 3ljc:
rrntrifugal. tKJ test, t%ci molasfses sugar, 2««c;
reT.ned steady; No. -C, 4.<.'5c: No. 7. 4c: No. 8,
::.d:ic: No. i>, 3.1«c; No. • 10, 3.«>c; No 11
3.8Cc; No. 12. 3.75c; No. 13. 3.70c; No. 14*.
:;.«5c: confectioners' A, 4.30c: mold A. 4.7Ce;
cut-loaf. 5.<:5<-: crushed, 5.0T>c: powdered, 4.55c
granulated. 4.4oc; 'cube*. 4.70c.-
DRIED FRUITS. '
NEW YOP.K. Dec. 13.— EVAPORATED AP
PLES—The ma/itet ccntlnues firm, with good
dtrnand; Common <juote<i at Mioc: prime, 5» g
gjVr: choice. C<S<;Vsc: fanc>'. 7c. '
PRUNES — Firm. • Quotations range from
3^,r to *i~>' 3 r. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Steady to firm. Choice, 9?4@
©4^: extra choice. 9yi#f}a% t c: fancy, llftl.'c. -
•PEACHES— Eteady. Choice. 7Vi©7%c:ex-
BUTTER— Creamery. 26c for extras and 229
24c for seconds; dairy. lS@24c; store Butter,
174c; cold storage. 21@23c per lb. »
CHEESE— 12<S124c for the eeneral market,
13c for select mild new and lOfjllc for lower
grades: Youne Americas. I3®14c; Eastern, 154
@104c: Western, 1431.V? per lb.
EGGS — Ranch.. 374 «i'40c for choice and 35®
36c for small and mixed colors; store, 324<g'3r.c;
cold storage, 274®324c; Eastern. 26<g30o for
cold storage.
Another decline "in Etgs' Is noted. Buyers
continue to hold off and supplies are gradually
increasing. The moist weather tends to in
crease the production, and larger receipts are
expected from now on.
Receipts were 27.S0O lbs Butter. 619 casss
Egsrs and 29.f»!X> lbs Cheese.
The weakness In Cheese is becoming still
more pronounced and some dealers are quoting
lower prices. The market continues over
stocked: .
Butter continues quiet at the decline already
noted. Stocks are still very large, but- the
trade expect them to move off better during the
coming week, hoping that the decline may
stimulate the demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. Dec. 19.— Clearings, $635,274
balances. $200,305.
TACOMA. Dec. 19. — Clearings, $35S,24O- bal
anre«. $43,521.
PORTLAND. Dec. 19.— Clearings, $427,531;
balances. $57,672.
SPOKANE. Dec. 19.— Clearings. $312.3S4;
balances, $43,306.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— The statement of
average of the Clearir.g-house banks of this
city for ttaa week *hows: Loans. $S7S. 740.1500:
decrease. S2. 153,600. Deposits, $84S,2S4,U<«>'; jn
creaf"". $5.47«.30O. Circulation. HH.mn 100;
decrease. ISL.200. Lrgal tenders $f,8 200 500 •
inrrraee. $1.7.11.200. S r^cie. $1S7,S87,OOO- in
crease. $5,S53,'<00, Reserve. $226.09»5..V>0; In
crease. $7,SC4.»iOO. Reserve refjuired, $212,071 .
000; Increase. $1,357,075. Surplus $14,025 W)6
incrtase. $5,047,525. Ex-United States deposits'
$23.232,&50; increase $5.952.S00
Weekly Bank Statement. '.-.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19.— The cotton market
opened wildly excited to-day, following big
advances in Llveri>oo1. First prices were '11
to 21 points higher. Following this the market
continued strong and feverish, with covering
general. The closing was barely steady, net
£. to 11 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on. the. San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session. . .
100 An<U 9 171 ICO Sa V a Se jg
- 200 Belcher 2<> 300 Union Con .. 47
2M> Gould & Cur. 31 200 Utah CS
100 Mexican 1 05i
PACIFIC, STOCK EXCHANGE.'
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4C0 Belcher ..... 20 ', 2C0 Overman 21
2C0 Caledonia ... «« 450 Savage 3S
• 200 Chollar 20 2C0 Sierra Nev . . 40
100 Con C & Va.l 10 100 Union Con .. .41'
¦ 200 Crown Point. 17 . 10O Union Con .. 45
.100 Gould & Cur. 31 200 Union Con . . 43
20O Mexican 1.05 300 Utah 03
2CO Mexican ...1 074 300 Yellow Jacket .21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
- Following' were tho sales on the Sari Fran
cisco and-Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
, . Morning Session.
VO Draper Gold. 131 500 Ton, Belmont. 79
JOftfl Esperanza .. 01' 400 Ton Midway.. 52
100 Mont Ton. .1 22Vij 2CO Ton Midway.. 54
100 N Y Ton...i 05i ICO Ton Midway.. 53
10C0 Rescu'e CS1400 Ton N Star..- 35
Mining Stocks.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «43
7c per lb; White Lead. 64^70, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Ruear Refining: Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lOO-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed ¦ and Fine Crushed. fl.fiSc:
Powd»r«1. 5.r>0c; Condy Granulated. 5.50c: .Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 40c; Fruit . Granulated. -5.40c; B?et Granu
lated aCO-lb bag* only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.4Co: Mavnoli'a A., Re: Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.S0c; "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. SOc more; WV;lb
bairs 10c more fcr all kinds. Tabtets — Half
barrels. 5.00c: boxes. C.l.V: H. t: E. Crystal
Domlnos. • S.40e oer lb. - No orders taken for
lc«s than seventy-five barraN or Its equivalent.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50^.Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 ih sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50. per ton; Coke. $11 50»
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. *11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per lonff ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1 70c-
Bakers' AA, $1 '10<f I 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. &5(S70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. Jn barrels. 5Sc for' Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SOc: natural winter' Soerm OH. 75c: extra
bl<*ach»d winter Whale Oil. 65c: r<atural Whale
Oil, COc; extra winter Strained Lard Oil. S5c-
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure. Neatsfoot OH 75~-
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C5c: light Herrin* OH. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 41c; Salmon Oil. 3Sc; botfed
Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Paint
Oil 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil "in bulk.
I5Vc:- Pearl OH' in cases. 22c: Astral. 22c:
Star. 22c: Extra Star. 2Cc: Elaine. 28c: Eocene.
25e: deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17e:
In cases, 234c: Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in cases.
194c; K6-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c: in
cases. 274c
TURPENTINE — 80c per i»al!on In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5®5t4e; Sao Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bag?, 32335c; Fleece. Twine 74®
8c. V " -
A 1 complete programme will be an
nounced later.
Prominent Speakers From Many States
Will Attend the Convention to
Be Held In Portland.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 19. — The sec
1 retary of the National Livestock Asso
j ciation, the seventh "annual convention
¦ of which convenes here on January 12.
[ announces that the programme for
! this meeting, is ;about completed.
i Among .'the 'prominent speakers for
; this occasion are-
Chancellor E. Benjamin Andrews of
] Nebraska, Hon. R. W. Hall of Texas,
I Governor Heber M. "Wells of Utah.
Hon. Paul McCorrnick of Montana.
I Hon. C. E- Adams "of Nebraska. Dr. J.
: E. Stubbs of Nevada: Colonel W. E.
Skinner of Illinois, Professor W. L.
Carlyle of Colorado, Hon. J. H. Cal
! derhead of Montana. Dr. G. Howard
Davidson of Xew York, 'Hon. 'W'. W.
Cotton of Oregon and Colonel John P.
i Irishof California. '} .,/•- -i'-y'^
PliAXS NEARLY ' COMPLETE
FOR CATTLEMEN'S SESSION
NEW YORK, Dec. 19.— Local metal markets
to-day were quiet, consumers buying only for
current requirements. Prices generally are
unchanged from yesterday. -Continued moder
ate inquiry was reported for Northern and
Southern foundry iron and prices held firm at
last quotations.
Lake copper is qucted at $12 374ffl2 624"
electrolytje. $12 2r.{?12 oO; casting. $12 50cre
$12 75.
Spot tin, $27 50; December delivery, $27 50.
Spot spelter. $3.
Spot lead, $1 374.
Nezc York Metal Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIPT.
Ftocke — • Sales. High. Low. Close.
>¦¦--. ...... 6,3"X> t>4 «74 es
iAtchisonpfd 2"0 92* 4 S2^» 023^
' Balto & Ohio 2,9<iQ 7J»H 7» 79>- t
' Balto & Ohio pfd.. 100 Ss>»4 t-%4 87*»
Canadian Pacific .. T") 119'i 11» 119
Central of N J.... 1.<iOO 100 1574 1C1
.Che. A. Ohio 61O 334 33 3T-4
•Cticago & Alton.. 100' 3GH 35% 3T»\
Chi & Alton pfd €94
Chi & Gt Western. 100 15*4 15\ 15» 4
O-i A- at W B pfd inO 27^ 27»» 27T,
Chicago &.NW 1.200 1<*3 lt» ltW' 4
CM Term & Trar.s .... - 84
Chi T & T pM 174
C C C & St L 76
Coio & Soutnem .. 300 14^» 14% 144
Colo & So 1st pfd 52
'Cclo & So 2d pfd. 600 23% 234 23
Del & Hudson 4.400 165 165 164 Ti
D*l L«-k & VT... J.2«0 2€1 2504 260
X>er.ver & Rio G 21 H
D & Rib G pfd... 400 T34 73 72%
Erie 7.9O0 3-'.i» 29%
Erie 1« pfd ...... l.l"0 ' C^% 6S4 6^%
Enc 2d pt<i 700 51 50 00%
Great Northern pfd • ••••. 160
Ho^klr.g Valley .. 800 73 "1 724
Hocking Val pfd S3
Illinois Central l£9r«
"low* Cfr.tr«.l •.....- ... .' .... 20%
Iowa Central rfd 3S
¦ Kars City Southern ' 18%
K C eonthern pfd .' 34%
i Lruisv & Nashv.. 700 106% 106% U«G%
Mfir.htttan L • 3<v> 1414 1414 HIS
Metropolitan Pt Ry 800 122 121% 121%
Minneapolis &• St L W
Miwourt Pacific .'. 4.3O0 ».J% ' t»34 93U
SI K t T 400 18 . 17% 17%
Si K & T -ftXi *. 3* 1 *
Vat RR Mex -pfd 3 (
N Y Central 7f>0 1!5>4 11S% 119
Norfolk 4 West.. 200 t<7'+ 574 57%
Ncrf & W .pM, ;, g
".'orthem ftwurlties W4
omuftt & w *Ho6 22% 21% 22%
Per.nsj lvania 34.3')O 11S4 "T4 l^H
p e Ct St L:... ¦• w
Re^UQC ¦•••--¦ 2'>.' w 45^ 4 *^ ijil?
Peadinir lft rf*l «6-%
j£l* Intr 2d iM . . too- r.r.% k>% ec
Rr'k fondCo... 15.300 24% 23% 24%
B^k I«lan« Pfi... WO or»% CO', €1
St L& F F l»t pM w
sl L * S F 2d pf<l l-OOO «2-i 42'i 42
ftL? W. •-,•- «
6t ?.* '.'...'.'¦ €.500 143* ' 142*4 1«
6:^00 4«4 «s
SSt^JRS::: "m « *" §V
tm s-t L d- v,- pfd. ...- -¦¦ -¦: •»};*
Vt#m Pacific pfd.. ¦»««¦» «
Waba«V.~: -«no ,2^4 20 r.T»
w«ba£!» nf<J ....... 40O 3.4 36"» .f7
WhrtftUteErte'..-- ¦-¦ ,"•¦. j_!*
Wlecowin Central.. 20° }j~f lir? Xii*
Vmeonrtti Cen pfd. 100 3S«i 3S-* »U
J:^lT Ctm^ ie *~ 222
AmJ^irn'rj ".'.'.'.".'.'.'. "i«> 1S3 1S3 1«
rSS^'S'!^ '494 47* 4<%
Am «^ar* V-muA.. 100 194 . 19"4 »»H
Ara^irfir.rM .,--.-. .91,, \
, Atrwr Lir.!*ed Oil 9 1 *
rAsjer Lin O;l pfJ.. 1O<» 23T« 29*» 20
~Arner Locomntlve.. 4CiO 10 1« 15^
Aiti'-r t^n ptd ?/>0 ""*« 774 77-*:
aiwt etotit a n^f . i,soo 404 « B 4 5 4 ;
Am 3/£ Ref fXA.. 7rt» S24 92 92 >»
Arcer Furar Hrt... 4.«i00 121'« 1234 123"^!
AnamnAf. ailn Co 73 1
Brklyn Raj* Trans. 0.000 504 49% V*
,C«*o.-Fu«l 4i I run ¦ 27'i
Coium & Keck C««l - 400 14 13% X3&,
The following table gives a comparative
statement tor two years of the estimated flow
• cf certain Callforn'a. rivers In cubic feet pe*
' second, or second feet, one second foot equal-
Ins 50 California miner's inches, or about 4O
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for th»
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett.
; hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TULE RIVER, NEAR PORTERVILLE.
I Seconi Feet.
DATE ' ¦"¦
i 1002. 1903.
i December 6 i 45 30
[December 7 • 45 30
1 December 8 ,. 45 , 3i>
1 December 9 ."..."" " .45 3O
i December 10 „ ..%. '. -45 ' 23 ¦
i -December 11..., I * \ 204 23
i December 12. .....".•-..... :.]..' 12S 23
KINGS. RIVER AT] REP .MOUNT A IS.
I . Second Feet.
DATE. \. "
• .L ;13C2-.- 1903.
December 6.. '...;...'( 440- 283
December 7. ...:.v.-...l ..»«;i 285
' December -S • 4SQ 2*3
! December 9 \ +40 250
i December 10. 440 2oO
! December 11 1040 ioO
i December 12 910 25O
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
I Second Feec
DATE. .
1002.. 1903.
! December 8 ! »5o" | : 350
I December 7 .1 1C3<> 3«O
I December 8 S5«> ."HX>
I December J». S3O' 25O
December 10 "3d 250
i December 11 2«S0 20O
i December 12 1850 200
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
! Second F«et.
DATE. ¦
! I 1902. 1903.
i December 6 i 10il5O 9.250
December 7 i 21.100 j «.03O
December 8 [ 19.K-0 8-«.V>
December ft 17.100 *.«*>
December 10 t 3£>.10O S.Hsft
D-cember 11 ! S4..10«> I XXX*
December 12 f 29.2BO 1 Ji-llO _
EASTERN MARKETS.
Another car of Western Poultry was market
ed, making the seventh for the week, and a
portion of the car that came In on the preced
ing day was still offering. Domestic stock too
arrived freely, which is something unusual for
Saturday. The market was quite active, as
prices were easy and retailers were expected to
be busy with Turkeys during the greater part
of this week. One or two cars of Western
stock will be marketed to-morrow. .Supplies of
dressed Turkeys were plentiful and Included
much poor stock, which dragged at unsteady
figures. Fine ycung Birds were In good re
quest at the quoted rates, while poor and thin
stock was hard to dispose of and sold down to
15c per pound. No more Western chilled came
In. but several cars were reported on the way
anil due here in a few daj's.
Game was in light receipt and cleaned up
quickly. Mallard. Sprig and Widgeon Ducks
were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeye. lS€22c per Ib :
live Turkeys. lit<£21e per lb; Geese, per pair'
$1 75«2; Goslings, $2#2 25; Ducks. $5 5O69 50
per dozen for old and $6 5037 00 for youir-
Hens. $4 50@5 50 for small and 6«7 &?Mrn<
younrr Roosters. $5^6: old Roosters 44 Man m'
Fryers, $4&4 50: Broilers. ?1S4 50 for Iar*W
and $3®3 50 for small: Pigeons $1®1 25 r,er
dozen for old and $252 25 for Squabs
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $364 per' dozen-
Canvasback. $3S4; Sprig. S2 30®.-$; Teal $1 50
©1 75; Widgeon. $1 50<f?2: small buck"
$125(8150: Gray Geese; $3; White Geese $l»
1 50; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for iarse-
Honkers. $5 for large and $t for small; En«r
llsh Snipe. $3: common Snipe 81 75- wild
Doves. $1 25: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25. °" onial1 * and
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Dec. 19. — Imports of specie
Oils week were S2.5O4.134 In gold and $1S,O76
In silver.
Exports of specie from this point for the
week were $791,670 In silver and $110.9^2 In
gold.
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
New York for the week were valued at $11 -
694.44S.
Expo r ts and Imports.
ST. LOL'IP. Dec. 19. — Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17S21C; light
fine. 15® 174c; heavy fine, 12S144C; tub
washeO, 20S31c. - .
St. Louis Wool Market.
Arrivals of. all kinds continue sufficient for
the demand and quotations show no change
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows;
BEEF — 6*tS74c for Steers and 5«?6c p»r
lb Tor Cows. .
VEAL— Lance. S®9c; small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S@84c; Ewes. 74©8c
per Ih.
LAMB— aueite per lb.
PORK— DrMsed Ho?s. "flStte per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrlnkaee for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. SS9c: Cows and Heifers
7@Sc: thin Cows. 4S5c per lb.
CALVES — l®44c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3*J@4c; Ewes. 3Vi®34c
per lb {gross weight). ¦
LAMBS — 1465c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs. 5«.;c; over
ISO lbs. 5c: Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. 50
per cent off. and Sta«. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Meat
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 21,000; Monday. 50,
000; strong. Mixed and butchers', $4 30^4 55;
good to choice heavy $4 4("g4 50; rough heavy
$4 25'S4 40; light. $4 15<g4 45; bulk of sales,'
$4 35S4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Sheep. steady:
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 50
(?4; fair to choice mixed $2 75<@3 50; Western
eheep. $2 75<g3 70: native lambs. $4@5 55;
Western lambs. $4 50® 5 CO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
300: nominal. Good to prime, steers. $4 90®
5 75; poor to medium $3fi4 50; stockers and
feeders. $1 5O-5J3 90; cows. $1 25<g3 85: heifers
$1 75-g4 50; canners. $1 25-§2 30; bulls. $1 75
<QA; calves. $2® 5 75.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
ayXh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Doe. 19—5 P- m.
Tk* followlnir are the seasonal rainfalls to
ftate. as compared with tho*e of came date last
r»ai=or., end rainfall in the la« twenty-four
hours : ";'--* /-. : ,
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka. 0.16 16.78 19.66
KM Bluff 0.02 11.59 12. C2
•£a.cram''nto O.00 4.43 5.30
Pan Francieco O.O? 6.02 5.13
rresno 0.00 O.S-S 3.13
Independence O.«X> O.83 0.83
San Luis Obiepo 0.00 O.S2 4. 98
Los "Armeies. 0.00 0.43 4.97
gaa Die«o 0.00 0.40 6.06
THE COAST RECORD.
" Z Z a Z
I j?5 $1 af *£ I
STATIONS. I \% \% i% f" S
• . »• *• * ¦ o
• C C • • 3
I 3 3 ? ¦ ¦ ! •
Baker 30.24 32 20 SB Snow .12
Carson S0.2S '.4 22 NE Clear .00
Hureka. ....... SO. 14 S6 «8 SE Rain .16
Farallen 30.32 54 T.2 PE Cloudy .<*4
Fresno .......30.34 M M S Clear .00
J"iagsts.3 30.30 40 18 SE Clear .00
Pocatello 30.34 34 20 SE Cloudy .00
IndepenJene* .OT.S4 50 50 P Pt.Cldy .00
Lo« Angeles. ..30. 2<» 74 41 \V Clear .00
Mt Tainalpals.S0.33 46 40 PE Cloudy .10
Phcxr.ix 30.2S 64 36 SE Pt.Cldy .T»
Portland 29.86 56 40 BW Cloudy .39
Point R»ye«...30.27 52 49 SE Cloudy .27
lied Bluff 30.32 52 44 PE Cloudy .00
P.>s*burg 2S*.&* £4 42 SE Rain .24
Hacrameato ...V>.3« 12 44 S Cloudy .00
Rait Lak?..-> .30. *b 3j* 24 S=E Pt.Cldy Tr.
S«n-^T»n^i«-o.;».3* S< SO' ..VW I»t.CIdy .06
San L. Ob<cp».2Q.2£ - 70 36 5>" "Clear .00
far. rifgro 30. IS 7l> 46 NW Clear .00
Seattle .*:.... 23). SO 49 M* SE Cloudy .22
fpokcr." .,...29.8S 2> 28 S Rain .4:1 |
Tatooeh : 29. eo - 4S 42 S Cloudy .08
Waya Walla. 29. S4 .54 30 SE Cloudy .Hi
AV'nneraucra .3O.24 42 26 W Ooudy Tr.
Tuma 30.26 ' CS "44 N Clear :O0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. -
TT:e nfm has risen rapidly oi'er the entire
*r>uth western, portion of the country and has
{alien oxer Wushir.gion and Northern Oregon.
A disturbance of some intensity i«" moving east
ward ov«r PT— hftagtoa and rain is falling along
the coast from Eureka northward, with south
east winds. from the Ferallones northward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported ; Tat<v>fh Island. 52 isiles per hour,
from the-fouth; Walla Walla, 26, southeast.
The temperature continues high in Southern
California.
Forecast made at San Franeiaco for thirty
hours ending raiiinight, December £0:
Northern California — R*Jn Sunday; brisk
southeast winds, high on the coast.
Southern Calfforr.la — Fair Sunday; light
north winds, charging to westerly.
.Nevada — Cloudy; warmer Sunday.
San FVanciso) and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday,
isrobab!}- rain; brisk to high «outheaet winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60®
SOc per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $ligl 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, S5ci§$1 10 per ctl: River
Reds. 60!365c per ctl; Garnet Chiles. 90ce$l
per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1^1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4#6c per lb;
String Beans, 7@10c per lb; Wax. 10c; Toma
toes, 50@75c per box for bay and $1 25@1 75 per
box or crate for Los Angeles; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, $1 25151 SO per box; Cab
bage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, $2 per dozen; Garlic 60
7c per lb: Egg Plant. 124915c per lb- Dried
Peppers. 5-S*c per lb for Stockton and ll@124c
for touthern; Dried Okra, 124c per lb; "Green
Peppers, 5<?iSc per lb: Mushrooms. 20§25c per
!b; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash $10*j12
per ton for round lots and 4'Slc per lb for
sacked.
The Potato market continued quiet for com
mon and Inferior stock, but first quality offer
ings of Oregon and Salinas Burbanks moved
freely at steadv prices. Holders of Oregon
Burbanks were "firm In their views and were
ant.cipating a higher range of prices for this
week, as the steamer due to-morrow will bring
very light supplies." There were no fresh
Sweets received and what carried-over stock
was offering found ready sale at the previously
quoted rate. Onions were firm at the recently
advanced quotation. Receipts have been very
light of late and the market is slenderly sup
plied with choice offerings. Less than 100 sacks
came In yesterday.
Los Angeles vegetables were offering freely
and met with a good demand, both for local
utfe and shipping account.- ¦'' Peas and Beans
sold in a small way at a slight advance over
the quotatiens. but the general run of supplies
sold within 'the quoted range. Tomatoes were
abundant, but prices of the Los Angeles arti
cle were well sustained.. Offerings of Bay were
chiefly of poor quality and dragged at easy fig
ures. Egg Plant was very scarce and firmer,
while Green Peppers were in excessive supply
and weak. Hothouse Cucumbers were offering
and met with prompt eale.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
There Is no further change to report under
this head. Wool .is dull. Hides are easy, and
Hops are fairly active and firm.
Mall advices from New Ycrk say of .Hops:
"Strong advices were received frcm the 'coast,
prices being reported well maintained and
ranging from 20c to 23c for prime to choice
grades. No additional trading of Importance,
however, was reported. The market for State
Hops held steady and It was learned that with
in about the past week cr ten days about 1000
bales have changed hands on the market up
the State at prices ranging from 25c to 30c for
medium to choice grades. The local market
showed a good undertone. ' Brewers were re
ported better buyers and paying up to 33c for
choice States and 34c for ditto for delivery at
Western polnt.«. They also were fair buyers of
medium to prime grade Pacifies at full prices."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 14c under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c: medium. $c: light. 74c; Cow Hides.
*4e for heavy and 74c for light; Stasrs. 5c:
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
104c; dry Hides. 15c r dry Kip. 13c; dry
Cair. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25<g3Oc each;
ehort Wool. 40«2<10c " each :• -medium. 70«90c:
long Wool. $1®1 50; Hdire Hides salt.
$2 75 for large and $2fi2 50 for medium, *l 25
etl 75 for email and 50c for Colts; Horss
Hides, dry. 11 75 for large and Jl 50 for me
dium. $101 25 .'for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 3Ic: dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American, ,31c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: large and smooth.
50c; medium. 35c; small. 20e.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 44c per lb:
v No. 2. 4c; srrease. 2V>*i3c.
WOOL— Fal! cllp-^San Joa'qutn Lambs 1 . 9®
lie: Middle County. Il(5l2c: Northorn Free
11012c: Northern Defective. lOfillc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12S14ci Nevada. W^lSc; Ore
gon fine, lSfflBc; Oreyon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 10#23c per.lb for California.
Hides, Tailozi'j Wool and Hops.
Consolidated Gas... 2.500 ISO 1SS lSST*
General Electric... 300 1654 165 1654
International Fajfer 10
Interr.tl Paper i>M C2
I International Pump 2%
t Imerntl Pump pf 1 72
I National B'.scuit S«*i
Nation il Lead 100 15* t 15»* 154
North American... 10«) 754 754 7J»
Pacific Mall 24
People's Gas 501) »7"S 974 »T4
Pressed Steel Car.. 5<V> 27a, 27\ t 27i- 4
Pressed S/ar pfd.. 100 67 67 67
Pullman Palace Car 100 2174 2174 216
Repuhlic Steel 1"00 6 7 S 6v» 6*i
Republic Steel pfd. 400 40S 39% 40H
Rubber G<x>is 1.<:iO<J IS 174 18
Rubber GockJs pfd ...'. 71»4
Tena Coal & Iron.. 9f>0 34 S3 7 , 34
U B Leather 800 7»i 7 L * ~ht
U S Leather pfd... 100 76 76 764
V S Rubber... 10
U S Rubber pfd 394
U S fcte«l 47.000 11 10*4 10 7 ,
I" S Steel pfd 70.500 5»5V4 55*» 58
Western Union bSK
Total eales 300,r.'X> shares.
NCT\* YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l004 ; n O cking Val 44s. 1064
Do coup If** tLouis & N uni 48.100
Do 3s re* 107y Manhattan c g 4S.1014
Do coup 107>h Mexican Cent 4s. 704
Do new 4s reg.13.J4 Do 1st inc 144
Do coup 1334; Minn & St L 4s. &7
Do old 4s reg.l"9 jtf K & TiE 9«4
Do cour> 110 • Do 2ds 78
Do 5s rtg lOlU'iN R R of M c 4s 754
Do coup 1O1»«!N Y Cent g S^s.100
Atch gen 4f 934'. N J Cent g 5s... 130
Do adjt 4s 87 j Northern Pac 4s. 1024
Atlantic C L 4s. t»34'. Do 3s 70%
Balto & O 4s ...1004 Nor & W c 4s... »6%
Do 3 4f 05 (, S L 4s & Par. 02
Cent of Ga .'.S...104 Penn conv 34s.. BSU
Do 1st inc ... 68 Juading Gen 4s. f»«v«
Colo F & I 5s... 71 let L & I M c fis.1114
Ches & O 44F...lc24sr L & S F fg 4s. M»S
Chi & Alton 34s. 75 1st LS W lsts... 024
C B & Q n 4s.. 02 U'pt aboard A L 4s. 72
C M & St P g 4s.HU : Southern Pac 4s. 87%
Chi & N W c 7s.l.'Jfi5iifc:,-uthern Ry 5s. 1144
C R I & P R R 4s <Z>^.,Tcx & Paclsts. .1144
Do col r.s 74 V, Tol St L & W 4s. 70
CCC&SLg4s. OSlijT.nion Pac 4s ...102H
Cri Term 4s 70 I Do conv 4s ... PSx;
Con Tobacco 4s. 56 s i U 5 Steel 2d -5b. 70-\
Colo & So 4s ... S5 iWabash lstm ....114H
Denver & R G 4s. 904; Do Deb B 61 ij
Erie prior lien 4«. '9S4 \Vhe<>] & L E 4"s. 8J4
Do Gen 4m S7 !Wis Cent 4s S9«4
Ft W & D d TsliWllii - - -¦
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con •• 10; Little Chief. OC
Alice 14;Ontario ,..6 00
Br*-e<<e 10;Ophlr 1 90
Brunswick Con .. 04Phoenli 18
Comstock Tunnel. GG4(Potosi 15
Con Cal & Va 1 00 j Savage 33
Horn Silver 1 10, Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 &0; Small Hopes 15
Leadvlile Con C2. Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 'AVestingh Ctfcj. ..77
Call loans #57 : Mining-
Time loans Tr'S 6 4 Adventure 2V«
Bonds — Allouer 44
Atchison 4s !*9 1 Amalgamated ... 49%
Mex Cent 4s .... CS4 Blngham 20
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.4"9
Atohteon es Centennial 14*4
Do prefd 92%; Copper Range ... 454
Boston & Albany.245 1 Dominion Coal 75
Boston & Maine. 167 Franklin 7
Boston L 141 Isle Royale 64
N Y N H & H.lftS Mohawk 36
Union Pacific .. 78 T * Old Dominion 9U
Mexican Cent 94;Osceola 574
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21
Amer Susrar 123*i Qulncy 80
Do prefd 12*4 Santa Fe Copper. 14
Amtr Tel & T....126 Tamarack 55
Domin Iron & S. 8?» Trinity 4«4
General Electric. .164 j United States ... 184
Mass Elertric ... 20 (Utah 294
Do prefd 75 | Victoria l»i
United Fruit ICO jwinona «»•,
U S Steel lOSi Wolverine C3
Do prefd 55%'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. ¦
ConsoU money. ..'^4'N Y Central 122
Do account 88% liter &. West ..... r>9»4
Anaconda 37"ij Do prefd 00
Atchison 70 Ontario & West.. 224
Do preM 95Vi ' Pennsylvania 60%
Balto & Ohio ... Kl I Rand Mines 97T4
Canadian Pacific. -122»»i Reading 22%
Ches & r>hio 34";,i Do 1st prefd... 40
Chi G W 161-;! Do 2d prefd.... 304
Chi Mil & St P.. 147 Southern Ry 224
DeBeere 20?i Do prefd R04
Denver & R G.. 22 Southern Pac 49 U
Do rrefd 75 Union Paclflc . . . R0%
Eri? 3<i% Do rrefd 01
Do 1st profd... 70 U S Pteel 11«J
Do 2d prrfd 52 Do prefd 574
' Illinois Central... 13314 Wahash .-. . 21
Louis & Na«h*..K9li! l>o prefd 38
Mo Kan & Tex.. 18 1
Bar Silver— Uncertain. 25 5-16d per ounce.
Money — 3 4^:5 »-; r*r cent.
The rate of discount' in the open market for
*hort bills is 3 T i per cent and for three
months' bills 3% p^r cent.
The market ?hows no further change. Llmas
continue firmly held, both here and in, the
south. The other kinds rul» quiet.
. BEANS— Baycs. $2 30®2 40; Pea. $3; But
tera. $3 25; small White. $2 S."5©3: large
White $2 4022 60; Pink, $2 65@2 75: Red.
$3 50' Lima. $3«3 10; Red Kidneys. $4@4 25:
Black'eye $2S2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 50
©*»
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3: Yellow Mus
tard $2 C5S2 S5; Flax. $1 SO<gl 90; Canary,
t>e54c for Eastern: Alfalfa. Il(gl4c: Rape.
lViS2c: Timothy. 6g64c; Hemp. 3>4@34c
per lb: Millet. 3-g34c; Broom Corn Seed. $20
@23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Weather Report.
Local Bask Clearings during the week just
were $3".«K.'5».'. against $32.425.4TO
Cui-inr the same week last yar, showing a
decre*»e of S 1.72*5.714. The rWrings during
the correspor.dltig week in I'.* 1 ! -ner* *24.1$<\673.
Bank Clearings.
Hay remains about as before quoted. The
lighter receipts are In its favor, while the
rainy weather is against it. so the situation is
about a stand-off. There Is no change In
Feedstuffr. Receipts from the north are light
again and the market U steady.
BRAN— $1» 50S20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — ?26 5O'028 50 per ton.
SHOPvTS — $19 50@20 oO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23®24 per
ton- Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27028 50;
fobbing $29^30- Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal $28 50@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29@30;
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. $3O@4O per
°HAT- Wheat. $13 60?U6: Wheat and Oat.
$13ffl5 50; Oat $12^14: Wild Oat. $11 50®
13 50; Barley ' $12613 50; Stock, nominal—
none here: Alfalfa $10@12 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40tg65c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
The market continues well supplied and quiet.
Chicago was" firm. The letter of Bolton. de
Ruyter & Co. said: "The market Is active and
charply higher. Possibly the strength in grain
contributed, to. come extent, but -the conditions
of supply and demand are, in our Judgment,
sufficient to account for the advancing tenden
cy of th«» . market. ReceiptB of hogs are no
larger than last year on the whole, while the
distributive demand is better and prices are
lower. The large packing interests can hardly
hope to attain any great benefits by the bear
campaign. Outside speculative buying is in
creasing and we are inclined to think packers
are accumulating holdings. The market has
had an important rally from low prices and
will probably have reactions. On the reactions
we would buy provisions."
. CURED MEATS — Bacon, 1 14c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 14c for light.
144c for extra light. 18c tor sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13»4@
134c; Mcfs Beef. $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess.
$12^12 50; Family; $13; prime Mess Pork, $17;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs" Feet. $5 25: Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 74c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,,
9»ic; 10-lb tins, 0»ic; 5-Ib tins, 0-4.C; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8 T 4c: three
half barrels. S^ic; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
84c; five tierces. S&c per lb.
— Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 S5. ueual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 6094 60:
Oregon and Washington. $3 &0ft4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lba;
Rye Flour $3 25 ; Rye Meal. $3 ; Rice Flour,
$7- Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do.; v $4; Oat
Groats $4 50: Hominy. $4#4 25: Buckwheat
Flour $4 5O5J4 75: Cracked -Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50: .Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats" bbls. $7 25@8 00; in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
tra choice, T^gSi-ic; fancy. Oi^SlO^c.
Co.Tee futures clcs«d firm, 10 to 20 points
higher Total sales, 139.000 bags, including:
January. 6.60c: March, 6.S5c; May. 7.15<g7.20c;
July. 7. 35® 7. 45c; September. 7.60®7.70c.
Foreign Futures.
I LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 0 4*4 6 3?j
Closing 6 4V* 0 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 65 20 95
Closing 20 75 2105
Flour—
1 Opening 2S 45 2S 15
i Closing 2S GO 23 2U
Chicago Grain Market. .
CHICAGO. Dec. 19. — Trading in wheat was j
on a very large scale ar.d the market ehowe<i j
greater activity than for a long while. Local
holders appeared to have the utmost confident
j In the situation. Although the market ad
! vanced to the top Driee on the Dresent crop,
little disposition was manitested to take proflts.
! The extremely liberal export business of the
I past two days and the continued small receipts
caused a good demand at the start. Opening
prices were arm. May belne a shade to }*o
higher at S-'^c to b2%c. Shorts were the best
buyers during the opening hour, although there j
was some buying for investment. Offerings
were very mfater and rnces advanced wltn
the session. Reports of war between Japan and
Russia were rUt among traders and toward the j
end of the first hour the demand had become
general. Shorts became alarmed at the attitude j
of th€ pit crowd, and in renewing efforts to J
! cover added greatly to the strength In the mar
! ket. While there was some liquidation on the i
I advance the effect was slight and closing prices
I were about the best of the day. After selling,
at S34igK3^c. May closed at &3$,@s3fec. a
gain of l L t c.
Com prices were carried up by the strength
in wheat and because of the wet weather pre
vailing all over the central West. May closed
a t 44 Vic.
Oats were strong along with other grains.
| May closed at 374c
Provisions were firm, with considerable out
' side buying still In evidence. The advance met
! with some filing by English houses, but ¦
prices held up well. The close was strong,
with May pork up 15<gl74c. May lard 5S. 4c
higher and ribs 7 4c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦£.* crv _,
December, new. 79", " S 0?» .9- s fO?»
May 82% S3 1 * S2 S M *
jjuly....^ 76 T 8 "^?* " 6 >* ll *
! December 0 -. 2 .7. 42 424 « I gjft
'May 43% 4*4 43*i 444
!july ........ _... 43»s «? 4 «% 43»i
I December °'..*... 35H 35^ 351; 35%
May 374 37% 37 3.4
! July 344 344 : 344 34?%
M^ss Pork, per bbl —
! January H «4 " «<> " *'^ n M
May.. 11 S5 12 00 11 SO 11974
Lard. Der 100 lbs —
January 6 374 6 474 63.4 6«
May 6 574 6 "55 6 55 6 65
Short Ribs, i>er 100 lbs— ¦
1 Jar.uary « 10 6 20 6 10 6 20
j May « 30 6 33 6 30 6 35
I -Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
I quift but steady; winter patents, $4§4 20:
i straights. $3 7OU4 10; spring patents. *.4tj'4 30; ;
straights, $3 50^3 75: bakers". $2 35^3 20: No.
2 spring wheat. S2ti83c; No. 3. 7I»iffS2c; No. 2
red, 82"»,<g*«>" 3 c: No. 2 corn. 424c; No. 2 yel
low, 45c; No. 2 oats, SSTs^Sc; No. 3 white,
36<&37c: No. 2 rye. 524c; good feeding barley,
34g3fic: fair to choice malting, 42Q52c; No. 1 :
flaxseed, 93c: No. 1 Northwestern. ?1 01: prime
timothy seed. $2 75; mess pork, per bbl.
?11 624-S11 75: lard, per 1<» lbs. $6 45@ >
6 474; short ribs fides (loose), $6t?6 25; clover, |
contract grade. $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,100 27.700
Wheat, bushel? 77,900 T2.5OO
Corn, bushels 17».5O<> 95.3<IO
Oats, bushels 146,r>oo bO.OOO
Rye, bushels 6,700 3.0W
Barley, bushels 62.80O r.,70t) 1
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creameries. 16#23c; dairies, j
145?21c; eggs, weaker, 27#2S4c; cheest, |
steady, 10@l04c. ... j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..110 — Us qr cp newl33Vjl5M 1 4
4s qr res ..109 110 |3s «xr coup.. — — ", : «
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s ....108 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 1024 Do con 5s. — 10314
Cal C O 5s. - 108 O W gtd 5s. — 97
Cal C & E g Qceanic S 5s — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102H!Om Cable 6s.l20 —
Cal-st 5s . . — — i Pac G Im 4s. 05 10O
C C Wat 5s. — ICO jp E Ry 5s.lO6»ilOT
Ed L & P6S.120 — P & C H «s- — —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P ft O R es.H7H12O
Geary-st 6a. 45Vi W Powell-st C».113ii —
H C&S 5^9.104 — SE G&R 5s. — 10O
H C & S 5s. — 102H SF & SJV5s. — 117 H
Hon R T 6s.lO4 1W S R of C Ze.WZV, — '
L A E!ec 59.101 105U S P of A 6s
L A Ry 58.111^1124 (1009) IO7\1C3
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108^ —
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C Cs
Do gtd 5S.102S1C4 I fl!M)5)Sr A.102% —
LAP lem 5S.1CO 102 (1905)Sr B. — 1C44
Mkt-st C 6S.11S-U — . (10C«) 1044105'
Do lem 5S.112V; — i <1912) ....115 115H
NRR of C«8. — 1«S |SPC 1 eg 5s. — 1174
Do 5s 114 — , Do «tmpd.X(W%107
N P C R 5s. — 1CS4 S P B R h. - 1324
N C R 5s... — 110 :S V W tHt..\m —
N C P C 53. 101 ' Do 4s 2dm. 99U —
N S R R 5#. — lCO%j Do 4s 3.1m. 974 Q*H I
O G L H 58.107^ — Stkn G&E 6s — 10Q ;
O T Co es...ll7-1i — 'V ' G & E 5s. — 105 |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra* Costa 33 41 1 Port Costa. . — — I
Marln Co .. 61 — JS V W Co. 3S* 4 3S4 '
GAS AND ELECTRIC. (
Cent L & P. 3% — fcac E G&R. — — .
Mutual EL. — 10 SFG*E. 66V; «5«% I
OGLAH. — — SF Gas L. . S*i 3?^
Pac G Im.. 54 54?i Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 554 — U G & E. . — 40
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES
S F G &. E. 66 67 I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd320 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P & A . . . — 165
Anglo-Cal -.85 01 Mer Trust ..23O 245
Bank of Cal.444 447 j Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 1524 E F Nfttlonl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2235 — Sav & L So. — 1C5
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4CO 500 S
Mutual Sav.lOO — Union T Co. — — I
S F Sav U.60O — I
STREET RAILROADS. ;
California . . — 205 [Presidio 30\ 45 I
Geary — 80 J
POWDER.
Giant 63 65 | Vlgorit — 44 i
SUGAR. I
Hana P Co. — 80c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44>-i 45 Mak&well C. 225; —
Honokaa S C 124 1 ; *4 Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch S P C 9 9*, Paauhau S C 14 15
M ISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140 — Oceanic 8 Co 5 6 ,
Cal F C A. 92 — Pac Aux FA 4** —
Cal Wine A. 90 — Pac C Borx.167 . —
Morning Session.
Board — /
25 California Wine Association 90 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange i
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 25 1 40
Apollo 42 (
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 • 20 .
Aztec "
California Standard 07 11 :
Caribou : 1 15
Central Point Con ...¦ .... !
Chicago Crude .• 19 j
Claremont 26 ....
Esperanza 150
Four 67
Fulton 4 50
Giant 20
Hanford 135 CO
Home , V74' 1 (»i
Imperial IS 00
Independence- .15
Junction IS
Kern 4 50 4 75
Kern River 10 CO L
Lion 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 ....
Monte Cristo 60 70
Occidental of W Va 13'
Oil City Petroleum 26
Peerless .' - 14 CO
Pittsburg 20
Reed Crude
S F & McKittrick 3 25
S"an Joaquln O & D 4 CO
Senator 73
Sovereign 37 40 i
Sterling : 2 «0 2 7u
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three 7 50
Toltec 2O
Twenty-eight 4 40 4 60
Wes,t Shore .' 2 90
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50
Alameda Sugar 26 00
American Biscuit ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. ....
California Cotton Mills SO 00 93 00
California Jockey Club .... '
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank « of Oakland
Chutes Company > 7 75
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 65rt j
Fischer's Theater '. 2 CO
Gas Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar .... i
Northern California Power
North Shore Railrcad ....
Orpheum Company .... *|
Pacific States Tel & Tel.. .... i
Paraffine Paint 35 00
San Francisco Dry Dock .... ;
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 150
Sausallto Land & Ferry ' ....
Sptrry Flour Company
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Company 25 CO 30 00
Trackee Electric ' ....
Union Suitar ¦ ....
United Gra & Electric... ...."
SALES.
1000 Junction Oil 1*
If* Monte Cristo Oil 63
100 Home Oil 1 00
SATURDAY. Dec. 19—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7#9c for Royals and 99
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4g5Uc;
sun-dried. 3i£(g4c: Peacher 4^4@CV4c; Pear*.
6®10c; Nectarines. 4#54c; Figs, white. 4@4?io
In boxes; black., 4Hc; Plums. Bitted. ftSDc per
pound.
PRUNES — 1003 crop. 2%62?ic for the four
sizes. . : .-. -•• ¦ ¦• ¦*'--¦
RAISINS— F. o. ¦ b. prices. Fresno, for 190-1
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
6%c per 1b; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-erown. 6%c: Seed- |
less Muscatels. -Hie; do. floated. 4%o: un
bleached Sultanas 4^4c; Thompson's Seedless.
5Hc. - London Layers— 2-crown. $1 23; 3-crown.
$1 35: 4-crown cluster*. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 60: 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb: do 3-crown. 5%c: Valencia
Cured. 4V»c: Pacific, do. 3\c; Oriental, do.
2%e. Seeded Raisins — J6-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice. '%c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
G^e; choice, 6ftc; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
794c.- -..-'¦¦ . ¦ ¦
NUTS— Walnuts, 'Sol 1 softshell. 13»~@14c:
No. 2. lH4©12c: • No. 1 hardshell. l3@13Uc:
No. 2, llffimc; Almond3. lie for Nonpareils. (
l(H£c for I XL, lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoci Peanuts. &07c for East
ern; Pecans. ll©13e: Cocoanuts. . $4 50© 5:
Chestnuts. S<f?10c per lb
HONEY— Comb ld«M2#c for white ahd-8^
©9Hc for amber; water white extracted. 6®
BHc; light amber extracted. 4W.@5c; dark,
3H©*c. : •-¦ • .
BEESWAX— 27©2Sc perlb. •
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins^Honey.
Local bank clearings shozv a decrease from last year.
Wcfl street stocks close the zveek firmer.
Business very dull on the local Stock Exchanges.
Silver considerably lower again. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures higher and Barley futures lozver. . •
Oats in fair demand and steady. Rye neglected.
Corn rapidly cleaning up and higher.
Hay, Feed stuffs and Beans as previously quoted.
Butter no lozver, but in very large, supply.
Cheese market zceak and congested zi'ith excessive stocks.
Egg s continue to decline, with increasing supplies.
Potatoes selling fairly. Onions in light receipt and firm.
Sezcn cars of Western Poultry in this week. .
Dressed Turkeys plentiful and loafer, and coming from East,
..Game in light receipt, good demand and higher.
Fruits quiet, zi'ith Oranges in oz'crstock and dull.
Nothing nczi' in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions quiet here and firm at Chicago.
Wool dull. Hides easy and Hops selling well and firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
the settlement of it is perhaps ominous. • We ;
are inclined to think we would buy wheat on
the break, and we regard the July as much the
more legitimate and conservative option."
In this market futures were higher, but 'cash
grain showed no change.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4091 424; California
White Australian. $1 6001 52H; Northern
Club. $1 4001 41%: Northern Bluestem. $1 50
61 51 M- Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
> Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .$134*4 $135 $134% $135
December ... 1 37 1 37U 137 1 37U
BARLEY— Receipts were again large yester
day, but they mostly went for delivery on De
cember contracts. The market for cash grain .
continued dull and futures were lower. /
> CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 O7^Q1 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 US1 20; Chevalier. $1 20-&1 45 for fair to
cnolce.
FUTURES. \
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
May $104 $104 $104, $i 04
December ... l_10«». 1 10*i t 1 10% ,.1 i6y,
OATS — Continue well held at previous prices
with a fair trade. , -- .'• . .
White. $1 T£\±®1 25 for California' and
$1 27%#I 35, for Northern; Black. $1 45@1 65-
Red. $1 2Q£1 324 for feed and $1 2501 a5 for
seed; Gray. $1 32 tf. _
CORN* — The recent buying by the local^mill
ers has about cleaned up stocks of Western,
and as receipts of domestic are light the mar
ket has- become Quite firm and prices show a
general advance, * " .
Western sacked. $1 32^ for Yellow $1 32Vi
fcr White and fl 27^ for Mixed; California
large Yellow, H 32Hi small round do, $1 403
! 1 50: White. ?1 S3 per ctl. •
RYE— Jl 25^1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
to redeem the market from a -whitewash. Trad
ing on the other exchanges was 'also dull.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were '39.435 shares valued at $1T.O13. the
leading sales being as follows: Apollo. 1000
shares; Associated Oil, 10.1C0; Claremont. 4100;
Four 1S00; Home ' 1200; Junction. 2300; Mon
arch. 1100; M-irleopa. 3150: Monte Crlsto. 170n :
Occidental 2000; Sovereign. 1400; Toitee. «5C0.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share De
cember 29 x
The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society haa
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3^4 * per c*nt r«r annum on all deposits, pay
able January 2. > ¦ '
The Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion has declared semi-annual dividends at
the .rate of 5 per cent per annum on ordinary
dejSoslts. 6 per cent on term deposits and S per
cent to " stockholders, payable January 2.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $14(218 p«r'bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenbergs. $1 73<S?2 per
box; other varieties. $101 60 for fancy, 75*£v0c
for choice and 252'DOc for common; Christmas
Apples, fl 6002. •
PEARS — Winter Nellla, from cold storage,
|1 60® 2 oer box.
QUINCES — lO@60c per box.
PEftSIMMONS-^-o0cS$l i>er box.
CITRUS /FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 750
2 50 per box for fancy. <1 25@1 50 for cholc-.
and 75c0$l 25 for atandards; Seedlings. TScgSl;
Tangerines, $1 25 for half boxep and 75c<3$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 50
for half boxes; brraon*. $1@2 per box; Grape
Fruit. $2@4; Mexican Limes. $4gi 50; Bananas.
$1®2 per bunch . for Hawaiian and $2©3 for
Centra) American; Pineapples, $233 50 per
dozen. ,¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ¦ 20, . 1903:
L0C4L MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
69
SEE THE PICTURES
'•THE TOIL FOR MIL-
LIONS"
By Senator Clark Who Has •
Over Two Hundred
" of Them.*
NEW YEAR'S EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
AUCTION SALES
THE AUCTIONEER,
THAT'S ALL
1710 MARKET ST.
STORAGE SALE.
Notice to the Trade and Public ,
$15,000.00
Worth UNREDEEMED STORAGE HOUSE-
HOLD EFFECTS. PIANOS AND ORGANS.
$10,000.00
Worth UPHOLSTERED FURNITURE. MA-
HOGANY FRAME DAVENPORTS DIVANS.
ODD PARLOR CHAIRS. Leather Couchet.
Sleepy Hollow Rock;rs.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
PIANO AND HOUSEHOLD EFFECTS
ELIZABETH BAIRD. wife of J. T. Baird.
formerly cf Portland. Oregon.
PUBLIC AUCTION.
MONDAY and TUESDAY. Dec. 21 and 22,
11 o'clock a. ra.
\A/IL£=*OIN'S
1710 5IARKET ST..
Bet. Polk st. and Van Ness avc.
- -— — L
Jfv^ STIZiIi TEST COM2. *W
-CTV BETTTB THAN EVEB. ;^fc2a
HORSES- FOR EVERYBODY.
FOURTH CONSIGNMENT FROM
CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
AUCTION SALE OF
100 Head Unbroken Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1C0O to 1300 pounds, consigned
by Churchill Co.. Yreka. Siskiyou County, from
their well -known J. F.. C. B. and D. ranches.
These horses are blocklly built, have good
feet and legs, and will make good milk, ex-
press, delivery, bakery, grocery and g#neral
all-purpq.se horses. They are very easily
handled.
Farmers desiring horses to work cr- breed
should not miss, this sale.
TO BE SOLD
MONDAY, OSCSUBSX 31. 1903.
At 11 a. m.. at
SALESTASD, 1732 3HABSET STSEXTi
Cor. Van Nes» ave.. San Fraaclsco. Horses at
yard Saturday. December 19.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successora to Killlp & Co.. Livestock Auc'ra.
DISPERSAL SALE
OF
£s. 54 Thoroughbred Race £-w
4 ° :2X Horsss, Brood Mares. Etc /tt *
From the
MERRIWA STOCK FARM.
R. E. DeB. LOPEZ. Proprietor.
This la the closing out of the grandest lot o£
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered in this State. There are «on» ' and
daughters of St. Andrew, Maxlo. St. Marco.
Llmewater. Uncle Jess. Imp. Clieveden. Imp.
Merriwa. Splendor. Castor. First Water. Mas-
net. Sam Lucas, etc. There are some- grand
yearllcgs. two and three yrar olds tracing to
Musket, Yattendon and GoldsfcrougS.
Lisp <half sister to ArtJculate> will also b*
scld.
As this marks the closing up of this farm
a golden opportunity is afforded horsemen to
get the beat represantatives of Australasia.
• ever offered. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENING, Dec. 21. 1903.
Commencing at 7:30 sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
-M THIRD ST.. Near Folsosa.
Catalogues ready. »
Horses at sales yard December 19.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.Frank O'Connor, "went to work as an
extra man for the Philadephia Vinegar
Works on the - morning of December
14. His task was to carry sacks ' of
grain from the truck to the works. The
foreman noticed that about every ¦ tenth
Sue . Corporation on Its Note.
W. R. P. Wirthle and E. F.Guts
chow yesterday sued the Standard
Consolidated Quicksilver Mining Com
pany' for $1875, the face value of a
note made by the company last De
cember. " The note is payable; to
George K. Phillips, the plaintiffs su
ing under power of an assignment
made by him.
,- LONDON. Dec. 19.— The English
• will, of Mrs." Mary El *ScHeh!e>\ the
* benefactress of Pittsburg, . Pa., i who
\ died here . in November, was filed to
j day. ' It^lcives all the property to her
¦ children: *The stocks, bond3 and real
( j.roperty are to be converted into cash.
| The value of the estate is S4.S0O.OOO.
(Andrew Carnegie and other executors
'lot the. will are given $3000 each.
L/cavr* Wealth to Children!
:, ... - • .
.; EXU3RA1NX. Ohio. IHx. l'.».— Fin» to-<!ay dc
•' etroytd the plants, mill an<l pulnt and repair
'. ehorw optrated !)>•: 'bo Baltimore 'and Ohio
'- Railroad. Lras. »ir.'.,(W». '
«PRIXGFIELD/M«es.. D«c. 13.— Tl*> Hair.p
- in TruM O»mp*cy of this city, capital $ 100,
900. «ut pecded . to-day. - •
VIENNA/ Dec. 19. — The project for
• the preservation intact of Beethoven's
death chamber and other rooms of his
home, which is about to be demolished,
has had to ' be abandoned, owing to
the insurable structurn.! difficulties.
The- Beethoven committee, the Duch
ess of Marlborough, Lord. Napier 'and
others; proposed to incorporate the
rooms" Into a museum/ to be . erected
en the. site of Beethoven's residence.
Beethoven Project Abandoned.
Harold. R.' E. Morse, the actor, who
wanted • to make a desolate waste of
the Louvre restaurant because the
waiter had the temerity to ask him
to' pay. his_check, was dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. It was shown
that . the young ; thespian had settled
all outstanding accounts arising" from
the Incident and was truly repentant.
Franchise to Be Granted.
The proposed ordinance providing
for a grant of a franchise to the 1
Southern Pacific Company of a right
of way and the right to construct and
operate a railroad along the bay sho'r^
will come up for final passage at
Monday's meeting of the Board of
Supervisors. * The ordinance has been
advertised for a period of ninety days
and will no doubt receive the unani
mous .vote of the board.
. ? .
Prices of Steel Go. Up. .
LONDON, Dec. 19.— A conference
of the Scotch steel makers has resulted
in an agreement whereby ship plates,
beiler plates and angles as
iron'wlll be^sold kt '.fixed < rates. 60
centsto $1 25 per ton" above the pres
ent quotations. The pres'ent 'ruinous
competition is thereby ended.
Campania .Wins Mail Race.
LONDON, Dec. 19. — The Cunard
line steamer Campania, which sailed
from New York December 12 and ar
rived at Queenstown yesterday early,
won this week's mail race. Her let
ters were distributed by the . first de
livery this morning, while . the mails
of the American line steamer . St.
Louis, which left New York ._ Decem
ber 12, two hours before the Campa
nia, were only delivered at 1:30 this
afternoon.
Albert -D. -Martini and Henry Gomez,
two precocious, thieves, were allowed
to- plead- guilty to charges of petty lar
ceny before Judge Mogan yesterday
and will be sentenced Monday. The
original charge against them was bur
glary. "They stole a trunk from a room
at 12 Ohio street and removed it to their
own lodgings on Pacific street. The
trunk belonged to Gueseppi Mascagni.
who did not compose "Cavalleria Rus
ticana." The' contents' of the trunk
were valued at %i and consisted large
ly'of ahair brush and some quilts.
NEW YORK, Dec. li— Early to-day
fire destroyed ' the 'home of William
Muschenheim, at Fort Washington
avenue and One Hundred and Ninety
fifth street, one of the show places
along the Hudson. The occupants nar
rowly escaped with their lives. Musch
enheim carried two servants down : a
ladder from a third-story window.
Just as he opened the door on his re
turn from the city Muschenheim, who
owns a hotel here, heard his wife run
ning down stairs crying "fire." The
house was filled with smoke. The hotel
man caught u:> a telephone and gave
tlje alarm to the operator, . who sum
moned thc department. He then ran
upstairs and dragged the family from
their beds to the open air. The servants
were unable to get down from the third
floor, and two women jumped from the
windows. A ladder was run up and
Muschenheim carried three , other ser
vants down through the flames.
The residence was soon a mass of
flames and was burned to the ground.
As it was richly furnished the loss will
be heavy. The stable of C. JC. G. Bil
lings, owner of Lou Dillon and other
¦famous horses, which is not far away,
was for a time J endangered by' the
showers of sparks.
NASHVILLE. Term.. Dec. 19.— Seven
are dead and seventeen seriously in
jured as the result of last night's fire in
the women's dormitory of Walden
University, ?.n institution for the edu
cation of coiored people.
¦ President | Hamilton was th/» first
member of the faculty to l>e apprised of
the fife; He heard the screams of the
•women- and. . rushing to his window,
saw the flames bursting from thc build
ing. V.'hen. he reached the door the
frishter.e»3« v Jr.maies had begun to hurl
themsejves! from thc windows. Sev
eral were kilted in jumping or crushed
10 <!eaih by. those' who followed.'
Th«? • dormitory was a . four-story
building : of brick and the.onJy.' moans
of exit was down the. main starway.
which- v.as 3 soon cut off . after thc fire
broke *our arid ' *he inmates / rushed
panic-stricken through the smoke, and
.heat, sHeking an avenue of escape. Baf-
in t.hls... they.. sought the windows
and hurled themselves headlong to the
.ground. ..'_..-. ¦ ' . ¦ ¦. '.
..* Cora Bryar.t. whu wan sick in bed
on the' fourth floor, is missing and is
' believc-d to have' been burned lo death.
. All of the dead and injured , .with few
„ •'xccptions were negroes from Southern
j States. Among the injured are Miss
Moor«» (v.hite). of. Chicaga, a
7 preceptress, who was fatally. hurt, and
. Bertha Morford of Chicago, who also
• will die. .^U: ;...:-."; ..'' ¦¦
THE BOHEMIAN CAFE.
A Favorite Resort for Business Men
and Bohemians.
Among the cafes which are a delight i
to men about town none is more popular '
among the smart set than the Bohemian j
Cafe, at 711 Market street, conducted by )
A\ G. Hagedorn. one of the most expert
mixologists on the Pacific Coast. That j
its reputation is well based is evidenced
by the superb character of the place it- j
self, its sumptuous fittings, choice brie
a-brac. magnificent paintings and the un- .
exampled character of the liquids dis- ¦
pensed at the bar. :
The Bohemian Cafe is the favorite re- [•
sort of business men. artists and mem
bers of the polite professions generally.
It was fitted up thirty-four months ago j
at an expense of $25,000, and its equip- i
ments arc not. surpassed by any similar
establishment in the city. The cafe is a ,
veritable atelier with its Venetian statu- :
ary Dresden bric-a-brac and paintings by
the best known Italian. French and Ger
man artists. The bar has a length -of
aboutthirty feet and the wall facing the
patrons is covered with beveled mirrors.
The wainscoting and fittings of the place
are of mahogany polished to a high de
gree The walls and. ceilings are adorned
with paintings depicting for the main
part hunting scenes, while the mural
decorations are of sold with a ,back
ground of cream color. The private com
partments are elegantly fitted up and
form cozy retreSts for gentlemen pa
trons desiring privacy. » The bar is al
ways equipped with the finest wines and
liquors, while the lunch served to pa
trons is all that the most epicurean
taste could-demand. • .
" Edna Josselyn is an actress, who will
open on Christmas day with the "Way
Dowrf East" company in Oakland. Ac
cordingly she was anxious to have a
charge of petty larceny against her
disposed of by Judge Cabaniss, which
he did by dismissing the case. The
complaining witness was W. N. Car
ter; a second cousin of Nick Carter, the
famous sleuth, and himself a skilled
hunter of criminals. He is employed
as a "shadow" by the Pinkerton De
tective Agency. He and Miss Josselyn
had been friends, but quarreled. Then
they made up, and, according to the
testimony of the fair defendant, the
sleuth bought her some, goods for a
dress which cost $9 25. He loaned, her
his suit case and in it she took the dress
goods home with her. Something sub
sequently stirred the spleen of the
"shadow" and he swore to a complaint
charging Miss Josselyn with the lar
ceny of a dress valued .at 545. Judge
Cabaniss issued the warrant, person
ally furnished, bail for fhe' young wom
an, heard the case and dismissed it.
Thus did he minister to his goddess,
Justice. ' ./
Fire Destroys New York Man
sion and the Owner Carries
Women to a Place of Safety
List- of -Victims of the Dormi
tory a Blaze at Waldeu Uni
versity at Nashville Grows
Prorri'ient in the underwriting world,
at large and especially conspicuous in
insurance circles on the p a clfl £,9^f i , t i
with an assured position in fln»n c >»J
circles as well, the people of California
may well be proud of their, stalwart
Home Company, the 'Fireman s Fund
From the day of its inception »t has fol
lowed a policy of integrity and honor
and justly deserves the high position
uniformly accorded to It-
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany, along: with the Home *ire and
Marine Insurance Company (the stock
of which Corporation is the property of
the Fireman's Fund), stand alone at the
present time as the only local companies
in the State, where, looking back
through the vista of forty-one years,
we find that fire insurance companies
in California have been incorporated to
the number of more tnan a score.
A word as to the origin of the name
of "Fireman's Fund' would doubtless
be of interest, and in this connection
we would say that during the period
when the Fire Department of San Fran
cisco was purely .voluntary this com
pany donated a certain share of its net
earnings to the maintenance of the i ire
Department. ' "'
Thc incorporators of this Company
were of the opinion that in multitude
is strength, and for that reason the orig
inal Board of Directors consisted of fifty
members, and looking over the roster
we find many names whoso owners have
Joined the client majority, who made
history in the early days of our Golden
Mr.' Samuel H. Parker, well known to
all old-timers, was the first president
of the company, elected May 3. 1864.
On his demise, in 1866, David J. Staples
succeeded to this offlcp, and for thirty
three years maintained his post at the
holm. ¦ ¦
The crucial fires of the country have
been successfully met bj- the Fireman's
Fund, and -although the Chicago fir<?«in
volved approximately all Its assets, yet,
like the phoenix, it arose from its own
ashes, after paying every obligation in
full.
On the resignation of President Sta
ples. January I. 1900, William J. Dut
ton succeeded to the presidential chair,
and in hi* able guidance rests the re
sponsibility of a mT.Jion dollars in cap 1
Hal and over five million dollars in as
sets, v .': •. . ¦ . ," -
The other officers are as follows:
The vice president of the Company is
Bernard Faymonville. vrell known and
prominent in business circles of ' our
city. Mr. F. W. Lougee is thft watch
dog of the treasury. Mr. J. B. Levison
holds the office of second vice president
and marine secretary. The secretary Is
Mr. • Louis Weinmann; assistant secre
tary. Mr. George H. Mendell Jr.; general
agent, Mr. Robert P. Fabj. •
SEVEN PERISH
IN THE FIRE
RICH MAN SAVES
SERVANTS' LIVES
A BULWARK OF PROTECTION
He Will Be Received at This Port
With All the Usual Courtesies
Extended Officials.
Customs Collector Stratton received
a communication yesterday from the
Secretary of the Treasury notifying
him that Governor Taft, the newly
appointed Secretary of War. will ar
rive on the steamship Korea from the
Philippines on January 23 and re
questing the Collector to extend to
the new arrival the courtesies, usual
on such occasions, including the pass
age of his baggage without examina
tion. The Collector was instructed
also to permit representatives of the
army to go to the steamship while at
quarantine on a revenue cutter and
to board the vessel. -
In conformity with these instruc
tions the Collector has placed the rev
enue cutter Golden Gate at the dis
posal of General MacArthur and par
ty. Luke E. Wright will take Gover
nor Taft's place as Governor of the
Philippines;
D. J. Anatasco runs a restaurant at
43S Third street, where oysters are
served in the most approved style of
Grecian culinary art. Thither came J.
Kilmartin early yesterday morning, ac
companied by a beautiful plush-uphol
stered jag. He ordered oysters a la
Helen of Troy and ate them. Then he
dozed off in his chair. Aiter two hours
of slumber he arose and started to
leave the restaurant. Anatasco barred
the way. He told the banqueter that
the score was unpaid, which the latter
denied. Anatasco emphasized his de
mand for the money by securing a
stout, unyielding club and whacking
Kilmartin with it. Some of the other
customers interfered and called a po
liceman, who placed the restaurauteur
under arrest. He was charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon In Judge
Fritz's court yesterday. Some testi
mony was taken, which showed that at
best the charge would not be greater
than battery, and Anatasco was • al
lowed to go on his own recognizance
until Tuesday morning, when judgment
will be passed upon him.
GOVERNOR TAFT WILL
ARRIVE NEXT MONTH
Lee Hung is a diminutive Chinese
with a meek and lowly air, who looks
so innocuous that a man looking for a
fighter would pass him by without a
second glance. But there is a member
of the Chintown squad who says that
Lee is a. hooting, tooting terror when he
does cut loose. Policeman Barrett at
tempted to search Lee for lottery tick
ets Friday night, and the Chinaman re
sented the liberty. He fought with hi3
head, hands, teeth, nails and feet. Fin
ally he got hold of a large red brick
and therewith smote the policeman on
the jaw. After he had been "hog-tied"
he was taken to the City Prison and the
suspected lottery tickets were found on
his person. He was up for trial yester
day in Judge Fritz's court, presided
over by Judge Cabaniss during the
former's illness, but the case was con
tinued until to-morrow at the request
of the prosecution.
One of the City's Substantial Insti
tutions.
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK.
The Nevada National Bank has always
occupied a commanding position among
the financial concerns of the West. Its
history is one of steady and substantial
growth, while its statements are an ex
hibit of conservative banking and appeal
to the solid financial element of the com
munity. The capital of the Nevada Na
tional Bank is $3,000,000.00. fully paid,
and the surplus "and undivided profits
aggregate J1.4S0.6S4. 10. For fifteen
years after its founding, more than a
quarter of a century ago, the bank was
conducted as a State bank. It was na
tionalized in 1890 under the name of
"The Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco.'* , , M x .
Isaias W, Hellman is president of the
bank, and under his able management it
has become an institution that the busi
ness community turns to with a natural
assurance of safety. The directors names
are prominent ones in the financial
world. Besides Mr. -Hellman there are
James I,. Flood. Leon Sloss. Henry F.
Allen. C. de Guigne. Robert Watt, John
F. Rigelow. William Haas, F. W. Van
Slcklen. I. W. Hellman Jr. and Clarence
Mackay. Mr. Billow and I. W. Hellman
Jr are vice presidents. George Grant
cashier and W. McGavin assistant cash
ier. The Nevada National Bank does a
general banking business, including the
issuance of letters of credit and the buy
ing and selling of excliange. Its state
ment shows that its assets are upward
of $17,000,000.00. and it will always
stand as a bulwark of the financial sta
bility of the Western metropolis.
George Johnson is a soldier man, and
he went abroad on the Barbary Coast
Friday night. In one of the halls of
pleasure in. that justly celebrated dis
trict he objected to the manner in
which Miss Delia Smith was doing a
two-step. It did not comport with his
ideas of grace and poetry of motion, so
he handed her a few wallops. Police
man Dick Skein, who is the personal
representative of law and order on.Pa
cific street, attempted to place the little
boy in blue under arrest. There was
something doing for a while, and those
who saw it said it was about as lively
a mix-up as has ever occurred in such
a short space of time. Johnson was
finally landed in jail and appeared in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday with
his head wrapped up in a blanket, the
outward and visible signs of Policeman
Skein's activity. The complaining wit
ness was unable to appear in court be
cause she was suffering from the in
juries received at the hands of the sol
dier, and the case was continued until
to-morrow.
Frank McCarthy disguised himself in
one erf those nice,. long; yellow oil skin
coats Friday evening, but even beneath
the disguise he was recognized by
"Smiling Silverstein," the veteran de
tective. "Struggle not, Foxy Frank."
he hissed, "for I have a wrist of steel."
The trouble was that the coat did not
belong to McCarthy. He was walking
along Third street in the rain, when
he happened to spy the "slicker" hang
ing in front of Silverstein's place at
business; ¦ The temptation to enwrap
himself in its waterproof folds was
strong , and the opportunity seemed
good, because apparently no one was
watching. But Silverstein was there
with bells and McCarthy was found
guilty of petty larceny in Judge Me
gan's court yesterday. The rainy sea
son will be over when Frank comes out
again.
CUMMINGS' HARD LUCK
AFFECTS JUDGE CONLAN
trip O'Connor took an unaccountably
long time to deliver the goods. "It's
him to the steam . beer," thought the*
foreman, and he watched his new em
ploye. Th.en he discovered that O'Con
nor was filching the grain. Instead of
depositing the tenth sackHn the ware
house he continued down the alley with
it and bartered it to a second hand
dealer. A tally was .called for and it
was discovered that O'Connor had dis
posed of eight sacks of grain during
three hours of employment. It didn't
require an expert accountant to figure
out that the new hand was not a pay
ing investment for the vinegar .works.
He was convicted of petty larceny in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and will
be given a rest cure Monday.
Shoots Himself Through the Hand While Trying
to Comply With Law and Is Arrested for Dis^
charging Firearms— Frank O } Connor' s Industry
Thomas Cummings appeared before
Judge Conlan yesterday morning on a
charge of discharging firearms . within
the city limits. He had a hard luck
story to tell, and he told it. At the
conclusion of the moving tale the
Judge, too moved to speak, waved the
prisoner to freedom. Friday night Cum
mings came to the city ¦ from Hunters
Point, where he has been working in a
warehouse. He met a friend near the
Hall of Justice and purcnased from
him a revolver for the sum of 50 cents.
The revolver was loaded, and Cum
mings was unwilling to violate the law
against carrying concealed weapons, so
he attempted to unload it. In doing so
he discharged the weapon, the bullet
passing through his hand. The report
awoke the echoes in the Central police
station and half- a dozen policemen
rushed out, expecting nothing less than
a murder case. When -they found the
cause of the trouble they were so dis
appointed that they locked Cummings
up.
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER -20, 1903.
70
• AI t 'VT ; ' R ' rTg^- rt:! NT3. ... -. ¦ v"vl ¦'
of Christmas Tokens
There remains but four days more in which you can do your
Christmas shopping. It would be well to start early to-morrow
morning, and if you want to get the be«t of everything, and select
from complete assortments, come to our store. We have plenty of
gifts of all kinds for everybody at prices that are certainly very at-
tractive.
$15,00 Ostrich Feather Boas $10.00
, Real Ostrich Feather Boas; very best quality feather, in black,
natural and gray. Full 45 inches long. The handsome, ffiAftft
fluffy kind. Excellent value at $15.00. Special price.. »pi\J»\J\J
$9.00 SilK Rvff $7.50
Beautiful Silk Ruff. This is one of the very stylish kind3 with
very full chiffon ruffle, ribbon and ruffle trimmed with long pleat-
'cd and lace trimmed ends or tabs. Would make a very desir-
able Christmas gift. Regularly sold for $9.00. Special #n pa
$5.00 Lace Cape Collar $3.95
Lace Cape Collars, an article so much in demand this season.
To_be worn over suits and jackets. They are extra wide, tf 9 QP
In cream and Arabian. Good value at $5.00. Special at *pD»JiJ
$5.00 Hand Embroidered SilK Mufflers
$3.45
Hand-embroidered Silk Muffler, a "itable Christmas gift for
a gentleman. Come in designs of violets, forget-me-nots, roses,
etc.; made of a heavy quality »urah silk, 1J/2 yards long. Ex- tf 3 AC
cellent value at $5.00. Our price
Ladies' Initial HandKerchiefs
$1.25 box of six. 95c — Ladies' Pure Linen Initial Handkerchiefs,
very sheer, with hand-embroidered initial. Regularly sold at $1.25
for box of 6. As a holiday special price for box of six will QC/»
be v -/^v
Men's Initial HandKerchiefs
$2.00 box of 6, $1.50— Gents' Pure Linen Initial Handkerchiefs,
a gift that is always appreciated. Initial is hand-embroid- fl»"| CA
ered. Regularly $2.00 for box of 6. Special price .pl»»Jv
Children's 2Sc Initial Handkerchiefs 19c
Children's Initial, Handkerchiefs, with very elaborate silk initial
worked in corner — something that will please any child for tQf»
Christmas. Regularly 25c box of 3. Special price « *'W
$2.00 Avto Bags $1.50
Ladies' Auto Bags, in walrus and safino leathers, containing
small inside coin purse and vinaigrette, with china or hard leather
handles. Colors red, black, tan or gray. Good value at tf<| CA
$2.00. Special price ..•pl.JV
Ladies' $1.50 Hand Purse 95c
Ladies' Hand Purse. Comes in walrus or seal. Very sw«ll and
one of the most durable purses made. Colors black, brown, gray
and tan; also fine line of finger purses, in carved leather, etc. QC^
Regularly $1.50. Special price yJw
Gentlemen's $2.50 Suspenders $1.25
Handsome silver-mounted Suspenders, in assorted colors, suit-
able gift for a gentleman^ Regularly $2.50. Special fff
price • •pi.aW
$1.25 Swiss Toilet Set 85c
Toilet Set of fine, quality of Swiss, in white and assorted col-
ors. Trimmed with ribbon and ruffles; also fancy open work on
some. Set is composed of scarf and pin cushion cover. Reg- QCr»
ularly $1.25 the set. Special at ..Uw»Vr
Our Celebrated Kid Gloves
We are sole importers of the three following lines of gloves.
Every pair fitted and guaranteed. If you do not know the size or
color desired procure a Glove order. We give handsome boxes, free
of charge, with every pair of gloves in the following lines purchased:
Columbia Gloves— pair ii*!>«t
Waldorf Gloves-^pair 51-X
Peerless Gloves— pair • • • • • • : • J ? 1 *^°
Columbian and Waldorf Gloves for Children— pair Soc
$8.50 Pillows $3.95
Beautiful Hand-embroidered Sofa Pillows, in artistic floral and
conventional designs. Were sold regularly at $8.00, $7.50 tf 5 QC
and $6.50. Special price .•p*J.7*J
$1.50 Pin Cushions 95c
This pretty little ;cushion is made of hand-painted satin, prettily
lace trimmed in several colors. Worth $1.50. Special price QC^»
Waist Patterns for Christmas
$1.75 SILK MERCERIZED CHEVIOTS $1.00.
Put up in a fancy box. just right if a token. Full waist length of
3 yards; in cream and white grounds. New damask, floral and stripe
effects. Excellent value at $1.75- Special price tf"-| f\f\
$3.00 Fancy Corduroy Wai stings $1.95 — Full waist pattern of 4
yards. In cream, baby blue, pink and navy grounds, with metal dot
effects. Put up in neat boxes. Regularly $3:00. Special tf*| QC
for thi waist pattern »pl«7J
$3.50 Alpaca Waist $2.45
Made of extra quality Alpac2, tucked front and back— full pouch
sleeve, fancy stock collar. Colors pink, light blue, cream, black and
navy blue. Regularly $3.50. • Special price $2 45
$4.50 Novelty Flannel Waist $3.25
-•>? Tailor-made Mottled Flannel Waist. Pleats front and hack.
Trimmed with fancy metal buttons. Colors green, red, blue and
black mottled. Sold regularly at $4-5°- Special price a»9 *y*
$6.50 Velvet. Waist $4.75
Fancy figured and gun metal effect Velvet Waists. Duchess
- front— trimmed with large fancy metal buttons, in all the leading
fall colorings. Good value at $6.50. Special prije ti 75
$6.00 Silk Waist $4.95
Made of extra quality Alpaca, tucked front and back — full pouch
back — trimmed with white silk medallions. Colors light blue, pink,
cardinal, reseda, cream and black. Regularly sold at tf/^ QC
• $6.00. Our price ...:
$8.00 SilK Waist $6.50
Made of extra quality Peau de Cygne Silk, broad stitched pleats
forming yoke. Graduated box pleat down front. Trimmed with
fancy enamel button?. They come in all the new fall tf/L CA
shades. Regularly sold for $8.co. Special price .pU.Jl/
$1.75 Wool Shawl $1.25
Wool Zephyr Shawl, -ize 50x50 inches, with deep fringe bor-
der. Colors red, blue. pink, cream, gray and black. Regu- tf*f
larly sold for $1.75. Special price . .V. J£i,CiO
$2.25 Umbrella Shawl $1.50
Hand-made Crocheted Shawl." Made of best quality of Shetland
floss. They conic in solid and combination colors of "cream, black,
red, pink and blue. Always sold for $2.25. Speciar price ff-J C A
We carry a complete assortment 'of' hand-crocheted Skirts,
Shawls, "Fascinators and Slippers.
S.tore • open every evening Country orders will receive
until Christmas. .the usual prompt and careful at-
tention.
*^ »- AiraHERTISEMSNTS. - ¦¦ - ¦*'-
- _ ¦ ¦ -- — — • -»¦""" ' " ' ' J__^—^^^^
' ORDER BRITANNICA now before it is too late! 'It
[W — UHStii, lie l\ lA . illlllll^- ( ma >" not at01 } e * or the m^ stal<es °f I 9°3» k ut it wilJ^ertainly
i tisi ptefe^S^WSilL^l help you to avoid blunders in 1904. . . ¦•
tHrWt'il * Jl^t'lT JlJiWKi This great standard Encyclopaedia— thc undoubted
p^gjil^^^tt^^^S^=_ \ "king of it? tribe" — the epitome of human research and wis-
(nf^Tjffilf*^ dom — is a factor for success which you cannot afford to neg-
VMi^SJS^^^|^p^^^^» Are you a carpenter? a mason? an electrician? a law-
i ver ? a doctor? a merchant?* a' student? *
" BRITANXICA stands ready to further your interests in
(iW^Mi{ r Mf^^i^feiB--A the ncw >' ear: to ai(I >" ou to c^ sc the old - vear strun S cr and
\ ffi^ffi^: y"^ 1 "^^?f7r»S^f better equipped in your chosen field. •',_•'
'The Manufacturer.
j^'tl^^^rl^r^^ If - vou are a mamifacturcr — whether it be in wool, cot-
(ijLdlS J #-"^^fefl-Trff^ A ton ' silk - iron > glass, pottery, or food products— BRITAN-
NICA will be found full of useful hints and facts. Even
[K^j^Eril§M±iiJm^ff ' the expert will be 'surprised at the extent of its information.
P^^^^Jv-^^^^S^S^^^ It will tell you the best raw materials to use. the most eco-
w-L Tj[E"-*{ftffl*&(—vm -^^ -L nomical processes to be employed, the best markets, and the
Pfe^Xl^ffl^^^^^^^^^ salable qualities of a particular article.
l/f Jjsjll i ffPf[/tf( ffffffr^ 1 Besides this, it will give you a variety of interesting de-
tails about the origin, development and fluctuations of your
W^V^SU'JISnxlL {Wr^' \ branch of industry. All this means pleasurable for
fe^^^^B^^^W^j^^^ you— and an aid to success.
• ¦ The Employe.
))r7?p|fO^OrMy^ The ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA is no less
l^^^lS^^gi- tttJ|H^g||S§^^ necessary to the employe than to the employer. A wise old
1 fit "7/lH^//^ UBuT i\^\lwL0^ v preacher once said: 'Whatsoever thy hand lindeth to do,
TT^^^nW^Y\S^^ V Tliat means — (Jo li w ' tn intelligence and earnestness.
P^^f|jy|^-^fea{p^^^ These two traits determine whether a man is to be always a
r* //J? v / r)/^ \11m\0^ \ plodder, or is to rise in his trade.
rl^S»Wii^ In every field of activity BRITANNICA will be found
l^^^^/jTir^nfWW^i a guide and" friend. . It is full of important facts about
1 Hfj liJS S gS Jfc BlL^7 every trade. It also gives interesting general articles on the
J^^^^T?fi< l r7^^^p ;^L Historr of Labor, the Wage System, Unions, Strikes, Labor
] t stands for the sum total of 'knowledge, now within
WMMM^i^^i^^^^ reach of the humblest home. TEN CENTS A PAY for a
)9W^Y^^W^iFff^^^( short time will pay for the books.
lilllilMllH • Price Soon -to Advance.
tej[^J?/TSHH^i^3^yK^ On account of the increased cost of materials and labor,"
&SOT|^^S^ft^BKM^^1 the price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early
SjJjiffl^filfTJLJfflR^T date - e liave " however, arranged that this increase in price
fef^^Aigil \ l^i^^^Wfi shall not go into effect until the present printing is ex-
. Send the Inquiry Coupon
1^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ for fuH^particulars before the old year is done. Do not wait to
Iff (I fp<" " 1'. ''^^^^^.^/ i ' make a New Year's resolution on it! Cut the coupon out
¦ IH I NOW before you lay aside this paper, or it may be too late.
W^J^^wMw^^j[ikP : /^ rhat is one wa - v to c ' ose the year right.
i^^k^IA^^^^^^^ What Is Said of It.
l3^^JH^^W7TO::k^iii4l^^^l:^= "It «s without a Deer in. the whole noble armv of ency-
I §^!^yilte^ _^g=S. clopaedias.'— Lyman Abbott, D. D. • . . ; . ...
C UQ^^M^MMMd§m^^^^ "The Encyclopaedia Britannica is king of its tribe."— Prof.
5 BiwSplfiP^^^ David Swing. •
I liftL-^-^lW'P^i^r^i^l^ s^li^=^- " If a " othcr b°°ks were destroyed, the Bible exceoted. the
|j J-Xjjf. f^Mi-~$?- ffift^ugi.^ ll^J Zp£====^=EF world would lo?e but little of its information. "—Spurgeon.
1 BOOKCASE FREE.
1 t* — ¦ —^* A limited nnxn'ber of Bookcases will be given free of charge to
5 4 rnii readers who respond promptly. The Coupon below will be
fi known as the Bookcase Coupon and shonld be mailed at once.
2 31 Massive Volumes. ¦ — ;— —
2 " rtiT OUT Alff D MAIL TEXS COUPON TO-DAY FOB PARTICULARS
1 Weight Over 200 Pounds. °* ° TO QBEAT orrEB TO CAI - 1 ' * EAPE * 8 -
B I 1 12-23-03,
1 si volumes in ah. The American Newspaper Association.
y 25 Volumes Ninth Edition. Parrott Building. San Francisco. Cal.
| . 5 Volumes American Additions. . _
I i volume Guide to Systematic Please send me free of charge sample pages and full
6 Readings of^the whole work. part iculars of'your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
$. Secures This Entire Set pon).
-New 20th Century Edition Name ? U •••••••••••••••••••••••••
I You -can pay the balance To\VH County Mate ,.«.....
' *' dly^for^sho'rt^e 100 " SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
M ¦»¦.„,, I, ,.„¦¦¦ | ¦IHIMI ¦ III ""— ¦¦" " ' ¦ ¦ '¦ ll - "" ¦ .'