Continued on Page 7 t Column 4.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— After many months
of negotiation there has been formed a
combine of the anthracite coal mine own
ers of South Wales. The combine. is ca
pable of - an output of a million tans of
coal a year.
Welsh 3Cine Owners Combine.
Successor of Merry del VaL
. ROME. Oct. 26.— Mgr. Sogaro. for many
years AnostoIIe Vicar In the Soudan,
where he actively participated wtth VTln
gate Bey In the liberation : of European
prisoners from the Mahdl, has been ap
pointed by the Pope to the presidency of
the Academy of Noble Ecclesiastics. This
position was previously held by Mgr.
Merry Del VaJ. the new papal secretary
of state. A majority of the diplomatists
of the Vatican are drawn from this acad
emy. '
FRENCH BASE SAVOYARD*
IS WRECKED NEAR BREST
Thirty-One of the Crew, and Five
Women, Including^ Captain's
Wife, Are Lost.
BREST. France, Oct. 2S-— The French
bark Savoyard " has been wrecked near
here. Thirty^one ; of her '.crew. . the . cap
tain's wife and foar other women . were
lost. BWMSBI
The movements of the Savoyard are not
reported in any of the available shipping
registers. -
Burglar Enters a Courthouse.
Emperor Francis Joseph Entrusts
Important Task to Son of
Former Premier.
BUDAPEST. Hungary. Oct. K.-Em
percr Francis Joseph has entrusted Count
Stephen TIzza with the task of forming a
new " Cabinet. Count TIzza is a son of
former Premier 'Coleman TIzza and •is
thoroughly loyal to the Emperor, with
whose views he agrees.
County Courthouse was entered by a ftur
gUr last nisht. The vault was opened
and the contents taken. Evidently sc«n»
one familiar with tbe place committe<i
the crtne. The lock was uninjured. En
trance was obtained by cutting a hole
m the window sash. Nothing is missing
but C in coin and Jl in stantVs- The bor
giar seems to have "been locJtlns for some
particular paper. The door of the clerk's
boxes was pried open and the contents
were scattered.
COTTNT STEPHEN" TTZZA
TO FORM A NEW CABINET
BTEAVLB. IS WBECKED.
»- "i - - ¦
SAULT STE. MARIE. Mich., Oct. 28.—
During the storm to-day tie steamer W.
F. Sauber was wrecked off White FIsa
Point and Captain W. E. Morris and oiler
Frank Robinson w«re drowned. The rest
of the crew of nineteen men were taken
,2* by the crew of the steamer Tale. The
blow on Lake Superior Is said to be the
went in- twenty year?.
The Saaber was owned by W. D. Breed
er of d«reland and was 231 feet keel and
worts *>- '-¦¦¦
VALLEJO. Oct. 25.— Boatswain Wouters
and his wife were victims of an assault
on the Virglnia--street wharf this evening.
Both were knocked down. The assailants
were young men of this city.
Mrs. Wouters and another woman were
walking In advance of Wouters when she
was Insulted, she • claims, by George
Hayes, a man about 22 years old. Mrs.
Wouters informed her husband and he
strtjek Hayes. The latter then sum
moned a crowd of companions and. all
turned upon Wbuters, beating him severe
ly. Mrs. Wouters went to the assistance
of her husband and was herself struck on
th» back cf the neck and knocked down.
Hayes was arrested and the officers are
locking for the ether assailants
Wcisan Knocked Down by a dtrwd
of Yovng 3&en in
Vallejo. T
HOODLUMS TffATTE ATTACK
ON WIFE AND HUSBAND
PARIS, Oct. 26.— At the annual public
session of the Academy to-day President
Herro announced a number of prizes, In
cluding J1100 for experiments at the Sor
bonne laboratory to settle the differences
between French and American scientists
in connection with electro-dynamics.
The Academy awarded the prize of $20,-
C00 for the most remarkable scientific
work to Dr. Rotix, who continues to carry
out the work begun by the latei Professor
Pasteur. Dr. Roux accepted tne prize on
condition that the amount be devoted to
the scientific Investigations of the Pasteur
institute. '..
ferences in Connection With
Electro-Pynaniics.
Academy Will Try to Settle the Dif-
FRENCH AND AMERICAN
SCIENTISTS DISAGREE
LOrTDON. Oct. 27.— The Dublin corre
spondent cf the Daily Chronicle says he
has twen Informed that the Government
has rsxde a definite offer of $50,000 a year
to Trinity College, Dublin, If It win con
e«it to support a bill to establish a Cath
olic ecllege within Dublin University and
to brirg the Queen's College. Belfast. Into
th* new college. The authorities of Trin
ity CoH<ie have not yet replied to this j
clie Edncaticnal Institntion.
port cf Bill to Establish. Cath-
Premises It Aid ia Eetura f cr Sup-
EBITAI2T •m-attfs OFFEB
TO TBHTCTY COLLEGE
The Centennial struck bow on. though
fortunately on a soft, sandy beach. The
captain hopes to get her off with the high
tide, about Id a. m. to-morrow.
'SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 2S^-The Saattle-
San Francisco steamship Centennial Is
ashore two miles south of Al-KI Point and
about seven miles from this city. About
10 a. m-j" while en route from Tacoma. to
this port, she ran on the beach and Is still
stuck. A dense fog had settled down over
that section of the sound and Captain E.
H. Gfllespie, master of the vessel, lost his
bearings.
Captain / Xoses His Bearings in
a Thick Fog Near
Seattle.
STEAMER CEHTEHNIAL
BTJTTS ON THE BEACH
VIENNA. Oct. 25.— A man named Will
iam Schwab, who has been playing re
cently In a Vienna theater under the
r-ame cf Sails, ard who has been missing
for seme days, h"< just been found in a
etarvlng condition. He has In his pos
session papers which seem to show that
he is a cousin cf Charles M. Schwab, for
mer president cf the United 'States Steel
Corporation, and he has announced his j
intention of pofcg to America to seek as- j
eistance from his relatives.
He I» Said to Be a Cousin cf diaries
M. Sclnsub, Fcrner President
cf the Steel Trust.
VLb-SNA ACTOB IS TOXTSTD
I2T A STABVIirG CONDITION'
The cold storage steamer Ksrr, witli
30) tons of refrigerated n:e^t3. ia stalled
below Ea;le and wilt not gat through this
year. Her cargo la valued »t E33JX6. An
effort will probably be made to moT* th*
meats by sleigh.
All th« steamers bound up the Yukon
for White Horse got through the tee after
a battle that continued for t«n days. Tha
last of them reached White Horse to-^ay.
The gold output for the Klondike for lb*
past season is now figured at iV~>. n <:.'"<.
SEATTLE. Oct. 25.— A special to th»
Pcst-Intelligenc«r fmn Dawson says
steamers and cargoes valued at mors than
$2,000,000 remain exposed to the perils cf
the Yukon Ice and frost, with tittle hop^
of being got to safe places for the winter.
Nine steamers, six on the upper river.
all bound for Daw3cn. are strand?d on
bars and delayed by ice jama. Three of
the upper river steamers ha*e full car
goes of perishable provisions worth In th*
aggregate H0O.9XJ. These perishables are
certain to be ruined b7 frost.
The steamers Columbian, Victorian,
Zealandian and Blakeley are stack oa
bars about 10) miles above Dawson- It
Is Impossible to send relief boats from
here. The ice raay damage or rein the
steamers and their perishable cargoes are
sure to be a total loss. A telegram from
St. Michael says the big packet Win H.
Isotn, built at Seattle at a cost of CHO*-
MO. Is caught on the bar at the mouth of
the Yukon and Is ir. danger of beizg
crushed by the ice.
Nine Vessels Stranded and Cargoes
Are Worth Two aifllias.
Dollars.
STEAMEBS IN PEBH.
IN THE YUKON ICE
Cardinal GottI, Prefect of the Propa
ganda, has issued a notice that the first
meeting of the Congregation of the Prop
aganda will take place the first part of
November. This first meeting to simply
for the purpose of commemorating the
Cardinals who died during the year. The
real work of the congregation win be
resumed at the end of November or
the first part of December. The principal
American questions to bo decided by the
Congregation will be the appointment of
an Archbishop for Milwaukee, a. Bishop at
Columbus and the division of the dioceses
at Hartford and Dubuaue.
ROME. Oct. 26.— Upon receiving news of
the death of John Joseph Kain. Archi
bishop of St. Louis, the Congregation of
the Propaganda arranged for the appoint
ment to\the archbishopric of Bishop John
J. Glennon, who, already being coadjutor
Bishop, does not have to go through the
formal process required for the appoint
ment of titular sees.
American Questions to Come Before
tne 1 Congregation.
MEETING OF PBOPAGANDA'.
The cow, however, was not gratefnL
No sooner was she released than she
charged Miss Kesler, endeavoring to toss
the young lady. Miss Kesler was knocked
to the ground and trampled on by the In
furiated beast.
The cow returned to the charge and a
second time attacked the glrU succeeding
in tearing her clothes and to painfully in
juring her. Her cries for assistance were
heard by farmhands and she was removed
to her home.
REDDING, Oct. 26.— Miss Maud Kesler,
a young woman who Is possessed of a
goodly estate In her own name . and Is
very popular In local society, was at
tacked by an angry cow at her home yes
terday. She suffered many bruises, her
clothing was torn off and she narrowly
escaped death.
The cow had recently- given birth to
twin calves. Yesterday the bovine mother
was tied In one yard and the offspring In
another. The cow objected to the sepa
ration and seemed so distressed that, out
of kindness. Miss Kesler released the ani
mal so that It might return where mater
nal instinct called It. v;' ;
Belle of Redding
Suffers Painful
. Injury.
After some difficulty the men were
brought into line again and inarched off
to> the cellhoase, where "lock up" oc
curred at 3 p. m. The affair has been
kept very quiet at the prison. The offi
cials will not divulge the names of the
convict cr the guard,. declaring that such
matters If known outside would only ex
cite more trouble inside the prison. The
main facts of the disturbance, towever,
they will not deny.
In a moment hundreds of desperate men
turned upon the guard. Other guards,
about forty In all. come to his assistance
and he was rushed out of the messhall
with \ a howling mob at his heels. The
enraged men yelled, "Kill him. ' but the
guard reached an outside gate, went
through, and was safe.
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. 3>.— The action of
a guard yesterday aftemocn came very
near causing a disastrous rtot within the
walla of the prison. Sixteen hundred
convicts. Infuriated because one of their
fellow-Inmates was being beaten for a
alight infringement of prison discipline,
attempted to wreak vengeance upon the
penitentiary officer. >
The trouble occurred at 2 o'clock. The
prisoners had been to their meal and were
just filing out of the messhall. One con
vict left the line .to obtain a piece of
paper with which to wrap up> some pieces
of. bread h» was carrying to his celL
That he was out of line was noticed by
a. guard, who struck the convict on the
bead with a cane. The convict Ml to
the fioor.
Special 0Ur«tcn to The Cxli.
VICIOUS COW
TRAMPLES ON
SOCIETY GIRL
Riot Is Narrowly
Averted at San
Quentin.
RIVALS FOR PRESIDENCY OF
THE REPUBLIC OF SANTO
DOMINGO.
PRISONERS
SHOUT FOR
GUARD'S LIFE
Archbishop Ryan was bcrn near Thurles,
Ireland, in 1S3L He was ordained a priest
In St. Louis on Seotember 8, 1SS3, more
than fifty years ago. He was made co
adjutor Bishop of St. Louis In 1S72 and
named Archbishop of Salamina by Pope
Leo XIII in 1^4. On the death of Arch
bishop Wood In the same year Archbishop
Ryan was made Archbishop of Philadel-
Archbishop Ryan will be the third
American Cardinal, the others being Car
dinal Gibbons and the late Cardinal Mc-
Closkey.
sertion made to-day by a
close friend of the prelate. The . official
announcement will be made, it is said,
at the next public consistory In Rome.
He Is the personal choice of Cardinal
Gibbons for the honor.
Soon after his election to the chair of
St. Peter. Pope Pius X had an extended
acdience with Cardinal Gibbons, In the
course of which he asked the Cardinal
If he would not advise the appointment
of another. Cardinal in the United States.
Cardinal Gtbbons Immediately' brought to
the Pope'3 attention the name of Arch
btshop Ryan, and the Pope then decided
to raise the Archbishoa to the Sacred
College.
The elevation of Archbishop Ryan will
have little effect on this diocese. He will
still remain Its head. It is likely, how
ever, that he will ask for a coadjutor,
and Bishop Prendergast Is mentioned for
this honor.
j^r- HILADELFHLV Oct. K.—
B Jm That the next Amerfcan Car
m JF dinal will be Most Rev. Pat-
S rick John Ryan_ Archbishop
JL of Philadelphia, "was the as-
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 26.— Surrogate
Marcas to-morrow will hand down a de
cision by which Mrs. Burdick, widow of
Edwin L. Burdick. will gain full control
of the property left by her husband. Un
der the terms of the will drawn up by
Burdick a short time before he was mur
de-ed his three children were to be
placed in the hands of guardians. His
es'ate was to be managed by four execu
tors for the benefit of the children. Mrs.
Fcrdick. however, retained possession of
the children pending a decision on the
£r?t clause, which she contested and
which eventually was decided In her fa
vor, so that the children have never left
her custody. The administrators named
In the wO have managed the estate and
turned the income over to Mrs. Bnrdlck
as legal guardian of the children. By
the decision to be banded down to-mor
row the most Important clause In the In
strument will be declared void. The
will was drawn after the divorce proceed
ings were begun by Burdick. Under its
provisions Mrs. Burdick was cut off with
out a cent.
ULcst Important Clause in Will Left
by Kurdered TVfan Is Declared
to Be Void.
WIDOW OF BUBDICX WINS
FIGHT FOB HIS PBOFEBTT
General Deschamp has arrived here In
a small sail beat from Monte Cristi. He
has abandoned the Government.
PARIS. Oct. ZS.— Advices received from
Cape Haytien, Hayti. confirm the reports
that the revolutionary movement In the
republic of Santo Domingo is in favor of
former President Jiminez. The revolution
is spreading, and, according to the dis
patches received here, all of the inhab
itants cf the region of Montedabo have
joined the rising agairst the Government.
The election cf General Morales as Presi
dent cf the Provisional Government Is
said to be a step taken pending the ar
rival cf General Jiminez, .. who will be
elected President of the republic if the
revolution be successfuL
the northern cart of the republic of Santo
Domingo, and which has already resulted
In the establishment of a provisional gov
ernment at Puerto Plata under General
Morales, was caused, according to ad
vices received here, by the numerous
custom-house frauds and th* prevarica
tions cf the Ministers cf War and Pcst
cf2ces. The signal for the outbreak of
the revolt was given at 2 o'clock on Sat
urday, a^emoon by three cannon *Ehats.
That same~~evening all of the partisans
of President Wcs y GH at Puerto Plata
were arrested. The Inhabitants of Monte
Criati, La Llgna and Loca united and at
tacked Santiago.
Telegraphic communication between
Santiago and La Vega has been severed.
The revolutionary outbreak Is extending
and th^g^neral opinion is that the Gov
ernment of President Woe y Gil is out.
THE MOST REVEREND PATRICK JOHN RYAN, ARCHBISHOP OF
PHILAJDELPHL1. WHOSE ELEVATION TO THE COLLEGE OF CAR
DINALS IS PREDICTED BY AN INTIMATE FRIEND.
Hewitt.' associate counsel -for Bryan,
then asked that the win be probated, and.
as cart thereof, the "letter- written by
yA.^From the' first time tna.t I talked
with yon I was convinced that there was
more politics in It than law. That covers
the ground." ;
Q.— "Have you any ' other reason for
writing such a letter?"
A.— "That Is "sufficient-"
After the letter had been read and ad
mitted Mr. Stoddard asked Mr, Bryan:
"What conduct on the part of Mrs. Ben
nett's attorney did yon refer to In this
letter?" "
"Your expression of confidence In me
and the willingness of Judge Stoddard to
defeat Mr; Bennett's purpose have led me
to reconsider my decision on the execu
torship. I wish you would, therefore, de
lay action until farther notice. I want
to consider the matter further. I may de
cide to serve until Mr. Sloane Is ready to
act. for I want a friend of Mr. Bennett
connected with the administration of the
estate. If I retire In favor of
any one I think It should be
some one - who sympathizes with
his views, or Mr. Sloan, who was
designated by him and who was his Inti
mate associate. I told you that I would
not, -against your wish, accept the sum
Intended for me personally, but, know-
Ing that he gave to his relatives all that
he thought he ought to, I am not willing
that they shall defeat hl3 purpose if I
can helD It and I am unwilling' that they
should put In my place an executor who
will go Into office pledged to try to defeat
the will.
"Just what I shall do In regard to the
executorship I shall decide before the day
set for the probate, but * thoag-ht I had
better notify you, as I had told yon I
would not serve at alL I Indo3e a notice
that you can give to Judge . Stoddard.
You can use your own judgment about
showing this to any one or keep it as con
fidential. Please write me as soon as you
see the sealed letters, as they might pos
sibly clear up the matter. Wishing you
health. I am, yours truly.
"W. J. BRTAN."
SEASON FOB THE IjETTEE.
DECIDES TO HOLD ON".
BBYAU- TO THE WIDOW.
"I hare not yet recovered from, ray sur
prise at the course . takes by; your coun
sel. your niece and yourself in regard to
the money- left'- yeST&^tie^'t^ust..":' Ftona'
the conduct of your attorney^ I am sat
isfied that, being one of the gold Demo
crats who left us in 1536 and not at all
In sympathy with the present views of
ycrur husband and myself, he Is willing
to defeat Mr. Bennett's purpose. If It can
be done, no matter how plainly that pur
pose Is set forth. Tour niece's disap
pointment at Mr. Bennett's failure to spe
cifically remember his namesake, togeth
er with the fact that your niece and her
mother received less than was expected,
seems to have influenced that branch of
the family to attempt to defeat the plain
and long standing, plan of the testator.
Disappointment can also account for the
half-brother's willingness to defeat the
will, but as my proposed arrangement
gives you practically as much as yoa
could secure by attacking the $50,00!) (I
voluntarily offered you the income on
about $20,000, as long as you needed It
and I did not) and by defeating the will
you would only get absolutely J2S,0CO, leas
lawyers* fees, and inheritance tax; as I
say, you could profit bat little.
"I am satisfied that your action Is due
to the Dersuaslon of a lawyer unfriendly
to the political views of Mr. Bennett and
myself and to the persuasion of relatives
whose disappointment has made them In
different to the wishes of their benefac
tor.'
NETV HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 21—Argu
ments In the Ptilo S. Bennett will case,
the testimony in which, including the un
sealing of a letter In which a bequest had
been made to William J. Bryan, was pre
sented last week, were heard by Judge
Cleveland in the Probate Court to-night.
Judge Henry Stoddard cf this city, coun
sel for Mrs. Bennett, the widow; Mr.
Bryan. In his own behalf, and Henry G.
Newton, his cousin, addressed the court.
After Stoddard had asked the court to
disregard the so-called sealed letter and
the paragraph in the will referring to it.
Judge Cleveland announced that h-* re
served his decision and adjourned court.
It being midnight.
When court opened counsel for i Mrs.
Bennett had several documents read so
that they might become a part of the rec
ords. Bryan identifying them as they
were in turn handed to tifm Judge Stod
dard, Mrs. Bennett'3 counsel, then handed
him a letter written on October ZL. 13Q3. In
Chicago. Bryan acknowledged that it was
his. and that his signature was sub
scribed to it. The letter rays:
But the Ccuntess was frequently "cor
nered" by the Judge. She was enable
to give satisfactory explanations of many
questions and some damaging facts were
brought out, including that when the
Countes* came to Berlin to await her ac
couchement, she said she did so because
«he cculd get tetter medical' attention j
here, but she did not caU in a physician j
and employed a. BidwtfcL The Countess, j
it was also shewn fcy the testimony, in
tended going abroad for the event and
refrained from so doing only because cf
representations made to her that the col
lateral heirs cf the estate would suspect
Her.
Another point brought cut to-day was
that the Countess refused to eee the fam
ily physician when fee came from Poeen
ts Berlin to attend her.
The trial is expected to last a. long
item.
Countess Kwi>cki is defended fcy three
leading Polish lawyers. Great interest
centers in the ca.s», as the accused Ccunt
*ad Countess are well kr.own in the high
er aristocratic circles cT Berlin. She was
bcra fa March. 1S«. married the Count
:n 1SS4 and bore him three children, the
last In 157S. Then, the Ccunt and Count
<rw rt^ci^tJr-_iettex. EXt*- fcirtli to the
•on wfca is the cause cf the present pro
ceedings. This sen is said to have been
bora en January 27. 1SS7. The prcaecuticn
claims that the lai is really the son of
a peasant girl cf Parcz», in Austrian Stle
eia. who is present as a witness and a
claimant cf the child.
The session cf the court to-day was
whclly occupied with taking the pleas of
the Countess. Of aristocratic appearance,
ss# stood erect, holding a lorgnette in
her right hand and gesticulating with her
, left while answering Questions put to her
by the presiding Judge. The Countess
pleaded "ret guilty," and sweepingly de
nied all ccnpllcity in any criminal act.
The Counters was arrested cs January
— cf the preser.t year and the Count was
taken Into custody en August 5. One
midwtf« and two wemen servants also
were arraigned as accessories.
The morning train from Pcsen brought
abcrut 250 witnesses, mostly Polish peas
ants, who ma^e a mctley crowd in the
courtroom because cf the variegated color
of their dresses ar.d headgear and the
crying babies In the arms cf many cf
BKRTJK. Oct. 2S.-7he trial of Cccrt
ess Isabella TTesierska Kwilecki. belcng
izx ta & rich and irlstccratic Pclish fam-
IZy, on th« chirge cf ;reter:d:=g to have
bcT2.» a »cs r:cre than six years as^a and
presertln* ht^s. as heir to m estate at
Weirctle, province cf ?o?e^, consisting
cf 15,300 ecres an<J havt^g 1 a yearly rest
roll totaiins J15,'>X>. bejan iere to-day.
Ctrsst KTPHeckl appears at the trial,
charged mtth having t«en an accessory
•o tie crinie.
"The Japanese Government pursues its
negotiations in strict accordance with the
spirit of • the An^lo-Japanese alliance,
which aims at the preservation of p»-ace
and the status riua. It Is only fair to pre
sume that Rnssia Is actuated by the same
peaceful spirit in which the dual alliance
Is extended In the Far East. I therefore
fail to see why the present negotiations
should not lead to mutually satisfactory
results. In any case, nothing in the pres
ent situation warrants any alarnS."
The Russian Minister at S»oul, Kcrea.
has recognized the Illegality of the action
of the Russian authorities in preventing
the landing at Yongampho recently of
Haghiwara Shuichi. secretary of the Jap
anese legation at Seoul, and hia party,
and has sent the requisite instructions Ga
Yangampbc. Secretary Haghiwara Shui
chi rep«rt3 that the press telegram* re
garding the situation on the Yaltz River
have been greatly exaggerated.
According to advices from Seoul. the-
Russian shores of the Tumen River, on
the northern frontier of Korsa. are ex
tensiJBly patrolled by Russian troops.
Premier Katsura. in an Interview to
day, said he deeply regretted the sensa
tional reports circulated In Europe, which,
he added, were unfounded. Referring ta
the diplomatic situation, the Premier re
marked:
The crisis apparently has b«=en delayed.
telegraphs the Chefu correspondent of the
Morning Post. Russia, ia the meanwhile.
is strongly augmenting her fleet in these
waters and concentrating trcops In the
vicinity of thz Talu River. She hold* all
the available river frontage at Yonganip
ho and domrnat?* the Shaho passage. The
Emperor of Korea. th~ correspondent
concludes, is in favor of Russia.
TOKIO. Japan. Oct. 2S.— Baran d«
Rosen, the Russian Minister, and Fcr<! ! ;rt
Minister Konrsra_rtsTaa«<L.tlx* sonfc?T«Bc<»
to-day. The Japanese Cabinet al3o beld
another- session.
In connection wtth the insurance*
against war risks suffered on shipments
of Welsh coal to Port Arthur for Russia,
a telegram was received ia London to-day
from St. Petersburg saying there was no
further necessity to insure against war.
This Is interpreted as forecasting a. ta
vorable outcome of the negotiations be
tween Russia and Japan.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— Official Information
from both Toklo and St. tetersburg, says
the Berlin, correspondent cf the Stonvtarct.
Is to the effect that draft3 of the Rujso-
Japanese convention have been approved
by the Czar and Count Lamsdorff. th«
Russian Foreign Allnister. Only sliest
alterations in these drafts are needed tr»
effect a settlement of all dit2cul:ie3 by
amicable compromise.
Hints That He Exerted Se
cret Influence to Obtain
Bequest.
Aristocratic Polish Family
Figures in a Berlin
Sensation.
Pessimistic British Corre
spondents Say Crisis Has
Only Been Delayed,
Widow's Cdunsel Bit
terly Arraigns the
Nebraskan.
Accused of Producing
Bogus Heir to an
Estate.
Czar Approves Terms
of Agreement In
suring Peace.
Claim to Mother
hood of Boy Is
Attacked.
Russia and Japan
Adjust Their
Dispute.
Sensation in the
Bennett Will
Contest.
CAFE HAYTTEN, Oct. 26.— The
town of Santiago was sur
rounded this morals;? by In
surgent trocps under the com
mand of General EDifamio
Rodriguez. After severe nght
r.g, which lasted several hours and dur
t.s which a number of men were wotmd
s d, the revolutionists triumphed and San
iago fell Into their hands
The revolution, which has broken oat In
Early Success of the Revolution in the
Island Republic Seems Assured, and Ex-
President Jiminez Will Be Reinstated
Head of the Diocese of Philadelphia Will,
According to a Friend, Be Promoted to
the Sacred College at Coming Consistory
COMPROMISE
AVERTS WAR
IN FAR EAST
COUNTESS
ARRAIGNED
FOR CRIME
QUESTIONS
HONESTY OF
MR. BRYAN
ARCHBISHOP RYAN
TO BE A CARDINAL
DOMINICAN REBELS
CAPTURE SANTIAGO
T2JB xraA i nrn|. | ,,^,;.nif
Tcrwcxct marta at Ssa. Pr»
~> ***** f ex *** * F( T T'-TTTT CS2±3X
niixK-it. October 27. 1303:
SJJT TBJLSOSOQ ASS
Ticzarrr — Fmtr Tusdar ; Udit
scd£ex!y Yta&M, e»««tft-wy to
fa^-ji: -vaster, irlti f osr la
ti* -r — *-j g.-w<i ¦) cis%t>
A. O. KdOIB,
The San Francisco Call.
TJLB TSSATZS5.
AToiTra —^TT&dcr the Xed Xab*.*
Calif oral* — **3adc2p& ni Ai
; olpa--
C«ato£l— "Vacla Tom's CaUa."
CctrmMa — "SolOler* ' of Pcr
tnai."
Fischer's — "Tit Paraien."
Grand — "SpetleM Tows."
Orphans* — Va-sdaTtne.
Xi« C2rataa — ?»ni«TOIe.
Ttvoli — Grand O?er&.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903.
PRICE FrTB CENTS.
VOLUME XC1T— NO. 149.A Guaranteed Cure ' for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding of Protruding "Piles.
Your druggist will refund money If pazo
Ointment falls to euro you in 6: to 14 days. 50c*
u. HELENA, Mont.. OcU . 26.— Isaac Gravelle.
believed by officials to:- be : the leader > in ' the
NdJrthern • Pacific ; dynamite conspiracy ,- v pleaded
not guilty in ' the District Court this morning.
lie ws ( bound- over. ? "
Texas Rancher Dies of Yellow Fever.
CUERO, Texas, Oct. ; 26.— Robert Ben
nett, a prominent young ranchman who
returned " from Mexico two weeks ago,
died of yellow fever to-day at his home',
eleven ; miles from '', here.' ¦ One other case
was found on the ranch and it was also
discovered that -Mrs. Bennett: had? prac
tically rallied from an attack.
Bank of Chickasaw Nation Closas.
ARDMORE, Okla., Oct. 26.-The Bank
of the Chlckasaw. Nation at Tlshorhingo,
the designated depository of the Chioka
saw nation, closed Its doors thi3 morning.
The capital /Stock of the ban^c was$50,000.
The. amount of : deposits Is unknown.
PARIS, Oct. 26.— Count' Deperett Delia
Roccoi the arbitrator of the French mixed
commission ; at ' Caracas, has arrived .here
to submit to the -definitive arbitration of
the ¦ 8panlsh i Embassador. claims amount
ing I to : $8,000,000 -which j he ' and: his "Vene :
zueJan. colleagues have been unable to
settle. French claims aggregate $16.
000,000, of which $8.000.000. was adjudicated,
the claimants receiving. $1,000,000..
Will Submit Unsettled Claims.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 26.— Work on the
tunnel under. White's^Hill on the Caza
dero branch of the North Shore Railroad
will be completed by next May. The com
pany has a large force of men engaged in
excavating from both sides of the moun
tain." The tunnel, .which will be about
3,000 feet long, goes through solid rock for
a considerable distance. It will cost
1250,000. When it is completed the line be
tween Point Reyes and Sausalito will be
shortened several miles and- the time
saved will be over one hour. At present
the road is operated over circuitous,
heavy mountain grades.
Tunnel Will Shorten Distance.
REDDING, Oct. 26.— John Heyhal, ac
cused of the murder of William A\ Mor
gan, whowas shot from ambush* at Twin
Valley, in this county, on May 27 last. Is
on. trial for sanity instead" of 'life. This
morning Heyhal's attorneys asked that
tho trial for murder be ; suspended and
that their client be examined before a
jufy as to his sanity. The motion was
granted and the trial, with much expert
testimony, : is now in progress. Heyhal
has admitted killing Morgan, but says
spirits told him to do so.
Sanity of Heyhal, Who Shot a
Twin Vulley Neighbor, in .
Question.
DECLARES THAT SPIRITS
ADVISED HIM TO KILL
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. 26.— After enjoying
the position of physician. of San Quentln
Prison just seven days. Dr. ,\V7 L. Lawler
has been dismissed. The appointment was
made by Warden Tompkins and was un
authorized by. the State, Board' of Prison
Directors. When the board met in San
Francisco last Saturday the appointment
was made known to 'the directors. An
indorsement was denied and Lawler's re
moval was demanded. As a result Dr.
Lawlef was cut from tho pay rolr this
morning arid this afternoon he left the
Institution. tJp" to to-night; no one has
been, appointed . in -his place.- Warden
Tompkins did not care to discuss the.re
moval* of .Lawler. ,-
Physician Is Dismissed at .the -Order
of the Board of Di
( " ¦ ' rectors. .
LAWI/ER LOSES PLACE t'Hwj
AT. SAN QUENTIN PRISON
Child Uses : a Hammer on Cartridge
and His Hand Is
Mangled.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 26.— Henry Walthcr. six
years of age, had his left hand mangled
to-day by the explosion of a signal cart
ridge which he had picked up on the^rail
way track. The ends of two fingers and
a thumb will probably have to be ampu
tated.
On finding the cartridge he procured a
hammer and struck the explosive for the
purpose, as he explained, of seeing what
It would do. .- . .
YOUNGSTER ASCERTAINS /
:-l .HOW EXPLOSIVES ACT
The origin of the fire is unknown. The
saw mill was partially insured, t It was
one* of the oldest mills In this section,
having been erected In 1868. It had been
improved and kept up to date and had a
capacity of 90,000 feet of lumberper day.
TRUCKEE, Oct. 26.— The fire which
threatened* to. destroy the town last night
is now under control. A small engine
from Tahoe City Is to-night throwing a
brisk stream on the flames, and an old
engine belonging to the town was put in
working order and lised to advantage. -
. Flye blasts, each consisting . of 350
pounds ofdynamite, were used to-day for
blowing a cut acr6ss the course of the
tire through the lumber yard. The blasts
shattered, windows , and doors for hun
dreds of yards and did much damage to
some housed. : " . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Two traction engines were steamed up
and are now running the works in. lieu
of the damaged steam plant. The damage
amounts to about 55000.
Grimsley was lighting the oil fires un
d<r the boilers at 4 o'clock this morning,
when an accumulation of gas from the
petroleum exploded with terrific force.
The man was hurled several* yards, the
immense chimney was toppled to the
ground, the south wall of the furnace was
forced cut and the building was demol
ished by the force of the explosion and
the falling brick.
Though his clothing was blazing, Grims
ley managed to put out a pile ofvburnlng
shavings and prevented a disastrous fire
He was^ burned about the back, arms and
face, and also suffered a gash over the
forehead.
STOCKTON, Oct. 26^—An explosion,
which wrecked the steam furnace and de
molished a brick chimney six feet square
and seventy feet high, took place this
morning at tho works of the Holt Manu
facturing Company. Louis Grimsley, the
night watchman, narrowly escaped, being
killed. As it was he was badly turned
and bruised.
Truckee Fire Is Con
trolled but Not With
out Loss.
Watchman, With Cloth
ing Ablaze, Saves
a Building.,
VALLEJO, Oct. 26.— Former City Treas
urer Philip Steffan is counting himself a
lucky man to-day, although he at the
Fame time regrets the loss cf a carriage
horse worth $3X).
An infuriated steer was the cause of the
trouble! The animal had been driven here
last evening from a considerable distance
and through weariness and vexation had
lain down and opposed proceeding farther.
Steffan got Out of his cart to arouse
the steer, when the latter, in a fit of
rage, sprang to its feet and rushed furi
ously at the man. Steffan took' refuge
behind his hcrse and cart. The steer, not
to' be cheated. out of a victim, drove one
of Its hornii.into the horse's chest. The
injured animal did not Burvive the wound
three minutes.
Enraged Animal Kills a Horse in
Solano, but the * Driver
Escapes.
rOBMER CITY TBUSTEE
DODGES ANGRY STEER
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Victorino Courtois,
708 Eleventh street, is held in the insane
ward of the Receiving Hospital pending
an examination for insanity. She is labor
ing under the hallucination that she has
been hypnotized and is Under the power
of G. A. -W. Folkers, who has sworn to
the comnlalnt in order to rid himself of
her. Robert Farley was also taken to the
hospital this evening, charged with being
insane. -The date of his examination will
be set in the moraine :
Held for Insanity.
Enteitainment for the Veterans.
YOUNTVILLE, Oct. 26.— Under the dl-
rection^bf Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Bllnn a
fine entertainment .was given on Satur
day night at the Veterans' Home. Tho
Evening Star Quartet, consisting of Mrs.
C. Parent, Miss Jean Logan, C. F. Parent
and W. H. Siebers^t, made a hit. Chris
Lynton and Robert Warwick entertained
the audience with an amusing military
burlesque. Lillian Levy and Hazel Purdy
of Fischer's Theater did splendid work in
a terpsichorean novelty act and sang sev
eral popular songs. DeWltt, the magi
cian, mystified the audience, and the
graceful Spanish dancing of Miss Jean
Logan was -well received. A contralto
solo by Mrs. C. Parent and a bass solo
by Charles F. Parent were both well ren
dered. ¦ )
NEW TOHK. Oct. 26.— H. C. Corbfn. ad
jutant Kenera.1 of the army, who was arr»olnto<l
to rtMevp General ChaffV-e as commander of
the Department o f the I^ayt. assumed his new
duties to-day.
In 1S62 he decided to visit his old home
and set sail on the steamer Golden Gate,
for Panama. Near Manzanillo the steam
er was destroyed by fire and 200 lives were
lost.
In 1375 he came to Ventura County. For
four years he was postmaster In this city.
Bonestel leaves a wife and five children,
besides numerous relatives In San Fran
cisco. Ilia estate is very valuable. The
funeral will be held Wednesday after
noon.
VENTURA, Oct. 28.— Former Postmas
ter Charles D. Bonestel, president and
general manager of the People's Lumber
Company, died this morning. He was 79
years of age and'had been ailing for some
months. Bonestel came to California via
Panama in .1819. He was born in Green
County, New York. May 30, 1825. He was
once the cfwner of the famous live oak
tree at Hangtown. He conducted the
Placer Hotel for several years.
Death Calls a Prominent Pioneer.
HAZARDS LIFE
TO STOP A FIRE
Naval Constructor Canps entered the.
service In 1SS0 and has been on duty at
the New York Navy Yard since March,
1901. Admiral Bowles expects to continue
actively on duty until the date of his re
linquishment of the administration of the
office of chief constructor. .'
Admiral Bowles, who was present in the
Secretary's office at the time of the an
nouncement, said that after twenty
eight years of service he regretted to
leave the navy, in which his duties had
been so admirably agraeable. The offer
of the presidency of f the shipbuilding
company which has -been made him, how
ever, he added, presented opportunities to
continue his professional work and would
permit him to live in his native State,
and he therefore thought he must acept.
The admiral has had the matter under
consideration for several days, but an
nounc?ment of his intention was with
held until his successor had been jfleter.
mlncd on by the President and Secretary
Moody.
Admiral Bowles, as chief of the Bureau
of Construction and Repair, which posi
tion he had held since March 4, 1901, was
a member of the naval board of construc
tion.
fany Bowles, chief constructor
of the navy, h?.d resigned his commission
in the service and that Naval Constructor
Washington Lee Capps would be ap
pointed to succeed him. Admiral Bowles'
resignation is to take effect on November
1. He Is leaving the service to become
president of the Fall RU'er Ship and En
gine BuiMing Company of Quincy, Mass.,
which is engaged in building the battle
ships Vermont and New Jersey, the pro
tected cruiser Des Molnes and the de
stroyer Macdonough. V
Secretary Moody In announcing the
resignation of Admiral Bowles said it whs
received with profound regret, not only
by. himself but by the President. The
admiral's private reasons, said the Sec
retary, compelled acquiescence In his de
sires.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 26.— The
announcement was made to
3ay by Secretary Moody that
Rear Admiral Francis Tif-
Special Dispatch to The Call
His Commission in
the Service.
Admiral Bowles Resigns
CHIEF NAVAL CONSTRUCTOR
WHO HAS TENDERED HIS
RESIGNATION.
Shortridge admits having fired a shot
Into the cabin, but declares he shot above
the head of the sleeping man. He and
Hanson both testified at the inquest that
the 6hot which killed Weir was fired by
Justice Brown, while the- latter declares
his rifle was never discharged. He also
states that he did not hear a single shot
fired, although Shortridge fired his rifle
while standing beside Brown. The coro
ner's Jury exonerated the men, but Dis
trict Attorney Pond was dissatisfied with
this and caused Brown's arrest. Brown Is
over 60 years of age.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.— Justice of the
Peace R. B. Brown of Redwood township
has been arrested on a warrant sworn to
by District Attorney Charles H. Pond on
a charge of manslaughter. This is the
outcome of the killing of a man named
Patrick Weir or Patrick O'jHara at
Guernevllle recently, when three armed
men were attempting to arrest him.
Weir was asleep when he was shot, and
the evidence taken at the coroner's In
quest showed that he had no chance for
hl3 life. Weir had had a few words one
afternoon with Charles Hanson, and the
latter swore to a warrant for his arrest.
Brown, although not clothed with author
ity to make an arrest, started out to find
the man named In the warrant. Hanson
accompanied Brown and they also se
cured the assistance of Elisha Shortridge.
All of these. men were armed, and when
they came upon Weir he was asleep on a
bed of straw In an abandonod cabin in
Oregon Canyon. After the shooting Weir
staggered to the door and fell, begging
the men to take him to a doctor. Ho died
a few hours later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHERIDAN", Or., Oct. 26.— Three rob
bers blew cpen the vault in the banking
house of 6crog-gins &. Wortman here this
morning at 3 o'clock, secured $7000 in gold,
silver and bank jK)tes and then escaped
while the . ayor of the town emptied a
rifle in the direction of their retreat. The
fcardlts are supposed to be the same men
who la Ft -week made a desperate attempt
to loot the bank at Kewbergr. thirty miles
from here, arjj who kept the aroused citi
zens of that place at bay with rifles.
The bank here is situated In a brick
building In the center of town and was
established twelve years ago. The prin
cipal depositors are the' farmers of the
surrounding country. The robbers took
the most opportune hour for their work;,
as the town was deep in slumber and en
veloped in a dense fog. No wntchmah
was on duty. &s there never has been any
reed of guarding property.
The quiet manner in which the men
worked enabled them to force the front
3oors of the bank f and drill a hole near
the combination sufficiently large to in
sert a charge of giant powder. This
rharge was heavy enough to blow the
3oor of the Fafe from its hinges, but did
not wreck the building.
The shock of the explosion awakened
Mayor E. H. Eakin. who resides over h!s
«=torc. diagonally across the street from
ihe hank. At first he was in doubt as to
the cause of his sudden awakening, but,
upon looking from his window, saw a
man standing a short distance from the
Dank. Just as Eakin noticed a bright
light showing through the fog from the
Sank building the man. who was evidently
¦tanfiir.K puarn. quickly joined two cora
par.ions^nd the entire party jumped into
a vehicle "Jujd^ started to drive toward the
louth. ,
In an instant the Mayor realized that
the bank had been robbfd. He grabbed a
rifie end fired thrfe 'shots at the men as
;hey disappeared down the road. The fir
tXK of the rifle and the screams of Mrs.
Eakin quickly rous<-d the citizens and in
a few moments a number of armed men
were on the streets. A hurried inspection
aisclosed the fact that the robbers had
made a clean job of their work, but had
taken nothing- from the safe but money.
Many valuable paper? were left intact.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The plaintiffs ask that they be adjudged
the owners of one-half of the hotel prop
erty and furnishings; that the defend
ants be declared simply trustees to that
half, and for an accounting and a judg
ment for half of the rents and profits
from the property.
Campbell left an estate worth about $S,
(00,000. In his will Campbell devised one
third of hjs personal property to his wife,
in 'lieu of her dower In his estate, and all !
the'rest of the estate. he devised to . his !
wife and to Joseph D. Carter and Cecil
Brown as trustees, to hold as a trust to
provide a safe Income for the wife and
for the children and grandchildren. Their
authority was to continue during the, nat
ural lives of the wife and of the children
or grandchildren who might be living at
the time of his death. The will was pro
bated in 1!XX). the widow was appointed
administratrix on December 30, 1901. and
under an order of court the St. James j
Hotel property was sold. ;
It is pet forth in the ccmplaint that the i
trust provision is null and void under the j
laws of California, in that it extends be
yond the lives of the beneflrfarie;!. ¦ In
order to defeat a contest In this State It ]
Is charged 'that prior to August », 1902, J
the defendants conspired to deprive the j
plaintiffs of their inheritance in the hotel (
property and to have it appear that the !
legal title to the hoteH should be trans- !
f erred to the widow and from her to the \
other defendants as trustees, and to have
the property converted into money, to be '
nominally distributed as such, in order :
that the money might appear to be taken j
to Hawaii, outside the jurisdiction of the !
Superior Court in this county. v ;
"In pursuance of such conspiracy," j
plaintiffs say. "the 'widow procured an ;
order of sale from the court and procured j
from her 'daughter. Alice K. Campbell, ;
residing at Honolulu, a nominal bid for j
the hotel of $163,250, although she' had no i
means with which to make the purchase. ¦¦
The sale was confirmed, and the widow j
procured a nominal decree of distribution j
to the exclusion of the rights of plaint- j
iffs." It is claimed that Mrs. Campbell i
advanced the money .to her daughter to j
make the purchase. i
Besides the sale of the St. James Hotel i
for $1C6,25O, it is alleged that some $20,000 j
for rent of hotel, etc., came into the J
hands of Mrs. Campbell-Parker, making]
a total of $152,572. It is alleged that this |
money has not been turned over to the |
trustees, also a receipt for the same has j
been given to Mrs. Parker. The complaint j
states that Alice K. Campbell has since j
conveyed the St. James property to the
other defendants, "with the view of de
priving the plain tiffs of their rights
therein." They say they were ignorant
of these facts until it was too late to
obtain adequate relief in this court from
the sale and decree on the ground of
fraud.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— A sensational suit
charging fraud and conspiracy in the
sale and transfer of the St James Ho
tel In the estate of the late James Camp
bell, the Hawaiian millionaire, was filed
to-day by Attorney H. L. Gear of San
Francisco. A short time age Gear was
appointed attorney ad litcm for Mary and
Muriel 'Ctmpbell. minor children of the
deceased, and at that time a contest of
the decree of distribution of property in
this city was started. To-day the appoint
ment of Gear in that matter was up on a
motion of C. T. Bird, attorney for Mrs.
Abigail Parker-Campbell, the mother of
the children, for a dismissal on the
ground that the time of appeal had ex
pired. This afternoon Judge Hyland
granted the dismissal.
Gear, (however, earlier in the day se
cured an. appointment from Judge Rhodes
as guardian, ad litem for the minprs and
at once filed a cult In eaulty to have a
one-half Interest in the Hotel St. James
property in this city declared to be vested
in Abbie Campbell-Kawananakoa, the
wife of Prince David, and Mary and Mu
riel Campbell, the minors. The defend
ants In the suit are Abigail Campbell-
Parker, Alice Campbell and Joseph D.
Carter and Cecil Brown, trustees *of the
Campbell trust created under the will of
the millionaire.
Special Dispatch-* to The Call
DY NAMITE ADDS
TO THE DAMAGE
j The sight of the three little bodies
|. clothed .In white with }hoir little throats
! bruised and scarred by the fingers of the
I death grip with which the mother had
! done them to death was one which caused
I a tightening In the throat of all that
' gazed upon the scene. v Yet the tearless
j and motionless mother gazed and. looked
her last upon eachi.from the little seven
| months-olti bnbe to the oldest girl, whose
lacerated" throat bore evidence other fu
. tile struggle for life. ¦ g . j
All day long a stream of sorrowing and
sympathizing friends and relatives havo
gazed upon the lifeless bodies of the chil
dren and nothing but deepest sympathy
for the husband and father and pity for
!' the hapless mother 1 Is heard on all sides.
Mrs. Iverson, who is about 32 years of
age, was a member of the Danish Lutheran
church and was very religious. Since the
j birth of her last child she has been fall
ine in health.
The funeral of the three children will be
held to-morrow afternoon. Services will
be held at the Danish Lutheran' church,
after which the bodies will be interred in
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Calmly and coldly the woman related all
the details of the successive struggles
with' the little victims of her mania.
When asked her reason for her acts Bhe
stated that it was the work of a superior
will and- that she was powerless to resist.
She stated that for a long time she had
felt that she was drifting away from re
ligion and that some sacrifice was needed
to bring her batik.
During her examination Mrs. Iverson
would break off in her recital and ask
that her children be brought to her and
she repeatedly inquired if some one had
gone to thjC sanitarium for them. ¦ After
listening to the recital the attending phy
sicians pronounced her insane and Judge
Sargent committed her to the Slate hospi
tal at Agnews, to which place she was
taken on the noon train to-day by Sheriff
W. «J. Nesbitt. On the road to the depot
she asked to be taken to see her children
and the sad party stopped at tho under
taker's where, supported by her grief
stricken husband, bowed almost to the
verge of madness with the horror and
griff of his bereavement, the dry-eyed un
fotunate beheld the victims.
Mrs.- Iverson refused to believe that the
childre-n were dead, but' claimed that they
were in a trance and would j in time
awaken. She demanded that some one go
to the Salines Bantarlum and get them
and bring them to her so that she might
awaken them. ; • • ¦
The ; demented woman related to the
physicians the details of the horror and
described how she had takrn the children
one at a time, beginning with the oldest,
Louise, aged 12 years,/ and had choked
them until death stopped thoir struggles.
She described how the oldest girl' hnd re
sisted and scratched her face in efforts to
break away from the death grip upon her
throat. ••
This morning one of the final scenes was
enacted and those who were present at
the examination of the unfortunate
mother will never forget the impression
made. The examination was held at the
Iverson • residency by Judge B. V. Sar
gent and Drs. John Parker and Elizabeth
Cassel.
SALINAS, Oct. 26. —Three lifeless bodies
stretched cold in death in little coffins, a
demented wife at the Agnews Asylum,
and one lonely boy. are all that remains
of the happy home of Louis Iverson as
the outcome of Saturday's sad tragedy at
Pacific Grove. The feeling of intense hor
ror, with which the awful news was re
ceived by ! this community has subsided
Into one of compassion for the grlcf
strlcken father 'and the boy who escaped
death at the hands of his mother.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Seven Thousand Dollars Are
Gained After a Powder
Explosion.
San Jose Hotel the Bone of
a More Lively Con
\ ' tention.
Mrs. Iverson Gazss Impas
. sively on Victims Be-
X fore Departure.
District Attorney Not Satis
fled With Story of a
Killing.
Three Desperadoes Make
a Rich Haul in an
Oregon Town.
A Sonoma Official Will
Probe Oregon Can
yon Shooting 1 .
Woman Who Killed Her
Children Examined
by Physicians.
Attorney Gear Causes
a Stir in Campbell
Estate Case.
BANDITS LOOT
A BANK VAULT
CAUSES ARREST
OF THE JUSTICE
INSANE MOTHER
GOES TO ASYLUM
CHARGES FRAUD
IN A LAWSUIT
"PHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER « 27, 1003;
DECIDES
TO LEAVE
THE NAVY
2
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican t^
Nominee **
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH :
(IXCUMBEKT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
|Fer Public Administrator|_
[Republican Nominee [¦
For Assessor :
Democratic Koines.
For Sheriff
Rebublican Nominee
For Sheriff
Petei? J. Curtis
Chairman Street Commute* of Present Board
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nominee
L'nlon Labor Purty Nominee.
u-V ADVERTISEMENTS. j
; '~.]~h?."""'r~-~;~ ~ " nj "~ anj * J "'* " ~' WLru "^ ~^~"~ "'"*" nil.--- ._-^l»— — '
I kas invented new malt"
I ing proeess—rttakes twice
I as long, ancl costs twice as
1 much, but it makes maifr i
I of un equaled strength I
I anc. purity: N , I
I Patst Blue Ribbon I
I is dear beer to brew, and S^
§ good beer to buy for 1
I it costs no more than. I
9 inferior beers. For an J
I exquisite flavor, a ric i I
1 and mellow brew, youll I
1 hnd it without a peer. 1
| Orders filled by y
H Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. H
I Pore, Pole and Sparkling. Bottlfcd I
I Only •: the Brewery In Si. Louis. H
I SOLD EVERYWHERE. 1
1 H II.Uk KT MKrtf ANT1LE CO.. ||
,JL Pacific Coast Agents. M j
For Stomach Disorders .
; ; v'-Cout.and-DvsoepsJa
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEE CO., San Francisco.
% CUTLERiY*
l?/mY.BLMJ^RANTED
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
,/f____
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
* OF THE
Hpfifpfss Swk<t
uivullu wlflOO
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. IN THE REPUBLIC OF
Switzerland, on the 31st day of December.
A. - D. 1002. and for the year ending on that
day. tut made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections C10 and 411 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
%$&&+ ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $C2«,t".1 75
Cash in Company's Office 2.151,07
Cash in Banks 2.330 68
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ...' 6.140 13
Commissions on Return Premiums
and Reinsurance 869 It
Total Assets S841.C80 79
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,663 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 1.770 30
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 3. 625 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning . on« year or less 962,198 55:
reinsurance 50 per cent 31.069 27
Gross premiums on Fire. Risks run-
ning more, than one year, $30,-
106 43; reinsurance pro rata. 15,132 S3
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1.543 78
All other liabilities 2.897 1*1
Total Liabilities $38.731 74
; income.
Net cash actually, received for Fir«
premium* $70.239 70
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans and from
from all other sources ..:....... 20,71733
Received from all other sources.... 28.033 13
Total Incoma ...... .$119.048 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $27,191 35. losses of pre-
vious yean) $51,639 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage *-. 31.904 61
Paid . for Salaries. Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 2,750 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxe» ••••' «.131 CO
All other payments and expenditure* 45.SS3 97
Total Expenditure* ............$138.281 03
Riska and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount " of Risks
written during . the
year -¦ $«.«15.263 $98.408 47
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year- 34,816,544 440.667 S4
Net amount In force ¦ <
. December 81. 1902. T. 032,042 02.304 93
* SAML. R. WEED (of Weea A Kennedy).
1 ~~ Manager. '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January.! I9O3. ¦ v F. FISHBECK.
- -j _____ Notary Public.
SYZ a CO.^Ccnera! Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS ~'\
OF TEE
Rhine and Moselle
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASSBURG. GERMANY. ON THn
31st day of December, A. D. 1902, and fo<*
the year ending on that day. aa mad* to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the Stata of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tha prorlsions of sections
610 and 611 of tha Political Cod*, condsr.s-i
as per blapk furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up '
in Cash % 800. 000 CO
• - - ASSETS.
R»al Kstat* owned by Company....! 2S7.500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 211,300 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ard Bonds owned by Company... 689. 123 25
Cash in Company** Office 5.H»! ii
Cash in Banks 148.1S2 03
Interest due and accrued on alt
Stocks and Loans 11.629 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and MortRafces 1.439 33
Premiums in due Course of O"
tion 44,279Ja
Pu» from other Companies for . --
insurance on losses already paid. 82.320 63
Total Asset*... .jl.312. M9 33
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 19.830 7?
Losres in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 18.68.1 ST
Losses resisted, including expenses. 252 SO
Gross premiums on Yin Risks run-
ning one year or less, $553,379 82;
reinsurance 50 per cent 277.633 'Jl
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- _\
nlng more than one year. $38,- . -^
233 28: reinsurance pro rata > 29,715 3t '
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 830 (M> •
All other demands against tn* com-
pany • 73,203 33
Total Liabilities ......j 421.208 23 j
INCOME. ~ "
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premium* • • $ 423.3&1 3.1
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,626 50
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 30.27*0.1
Received for R^nts 13,013 H
Received for proflt on sale of Bonds 4.920 li»
Received from all other pources 19,164 i<»
i otal Income ,%^ 499.363 US
EXPENDITURES. "^
Ket amount paid for Flro Losses
(including $33,385 62. losses of
previous year 9 200.402 01
Dividends to Stockholders 70.000 Ct>
Paid or allowed fcr Commission or
Brokrrage 79,643 7.;
Paid for salaries. Fees, and other
chaises for officers, clerks, etc... 44.387 40
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes M.713T3
All other payments and expend!-
ti'res v 1.031 73
Total Expenditures $ 411,203 C»
Flr».
Losses Incurred during the year $ 1S8.78O 'i
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums,.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $431,439,338 $339.61* 67
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 234.2SS.S26 304.27*01
Net amount in force
December SI. 1902. . K8.522.2G2 611.633 1«
" F. SCHALLER. President.
A. POIZAT. Secretary. • __•
Subscribed and sworn to befora top this 4tYD'
day of April. 1!»<S.
JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN. U. S. Consul.
SYZ,&'.C0., General Agents,
308 CALIFORNIA STREET.
_jf_\ __tBnf_w m\ «ShHb^ma tkl EvV -T*^ i$*i
J_ m_ \\ ICKl v£/2-** MCH MMT TMW^. fcj
_}*_\ Isf \_\ f__A t*^*S " 3 Tr sij B mm
SUMMER^AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN S^TffSSr.
Open tho y«ar rounu. all caSi^ <->^
RHEUMATISM. OOUT AND BLOOU DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS'
S^f^lVv A h^ n EXPENSES. INCLUDING
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WATd RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy DUb«tea
Btone in the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of th«
Bladder, Cystitis. Diseases of the Genlto-Un-
nary Organs. Delicate Women. Skin Diseases.
Scrofula and General Debility are' treated wim
pre-eminent success. Any case of MalarrW
cured in from ten days to two weeks. Neva/f
a failure known. ," • ¦ ""
Amor* the thousands of .-as*» that hav« been
treated h«re in th» last J3 year* ther« has
n«ver been a DEATH. SenO 60o for a bottl* of
Catarrh Salts and sample - bf Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs. Kound-trtp tickets
** r «°" ced rates. Inquire of any Southern P»-
e l ££r£^; l 2 roa Jl.J ieent - TUSCAN MINIRAt.
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan SarlMk QO.
FRANK J. IIULEN, Mana** s***^ %mu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"upIgih" a good THik
A man is .when he commences to patron-
ize ; the U. SI* Laundry. "The best laun-
dry I ever struck," Is what' those who
Indulge In a little slang would say. -'But
ehtre 7 nous , if • you want your linen as
faultless : as when you first bought it, Jn
color ; and finish, we!. will guarantee to do
it t^)' your satisfaction every time. Care-
ful handling and artistic work are among
our up-to-date methods. ]
UNITED STA^SiLAUNDRY
Near • Powell. ; -:.VALLEJO. Oct. ML— The Masonic fratereity,
wbich win lay the ccraerstoe* of the Carnegie
pubiie library beisg erected la this city, has
set December i as the date Car the ceremony.
Tb» Graztd Lodge. F. and A. M.. will ttiS.da.is.
and J.- J. X<sc&st2ffer wi2 act a* crasd max
fttat ¦-..-¦:¦ ... ;
. PHH-AXVELPH1A. Oct. C8l— The «te*aulila
XorttUud «m»wJ b«er* frt&n UTerroct wttlt
TbccULS HtH of Macet-«t<?r. Enslas.3, a «teer
ajr* passenger, mfeaisf. Ball is said to faa.re
quarreled wlta come . Italians and his disap
pearance was cottd half as boor later.
WASHIXGTOX. Oct. 2t— The United
States Supreme Court to-day ordered a {
reargument of the United States vs. the |
California and Oregon Land Company, {
involving the land granted to the State of
Oregon in 1S64 to aid in the construction
of a wa«on road from Eugene City across
the Cascade Mountains to the eastern
boundary of the State. .The case has al
ready been argued twice In the Supreme
Court.
Land Grant Case to Be Reargned. I
OGDEN', Utah, Oct. K.— At •Farmington
to-day Judge Rolapp - sentenced Nick
Haworth to be shot on Friday. December
11. Haworth : four years ago " killed
Thomas Sandall. watchman in a store at
Layton. Haworth was one of the pris
oners who escaped from the penitentiary
two weeks ago and was recaptured after
four days* liberty.
Haworth Is Sentenced to Be Shot.
DELAWARE, Ohio, Oct. 21— The trial
of Joseph Stout, the young farmer
charged with having assanlted Prince
Tee, son of the Emperor of Korea, several
months ago. came up to-day. Stout plead
ed guilty. Sentence was reserved. Stout's
excuse for the assault was that he did not
like the Prince's popularity among the
American girls.
Guilty, of Attacking Korean Prince.
XETW TORK. Oct. 2S.— Judge Lacombe j
in the United States Court to-day issued
a writ of habeas corpus directing the
Commissioner of Immigration to produce
John Turner, the anarchist. • before , him
on Wednesday. Turner was arrested last
Friday while addressing a meeting. He
appeared before a board of inquiry and
was to have been deported either to-mor
row or Wednesday. Jorfge Lacombe's or
d«er acts as a stay.
Deportation of Anarchist la Stayed.
This problem, which was carefully ar v 
ranged by Colonel Wagoner, the chief
empire, resulted in a spirited contest
on the bills back of Fort Riley and was
highly successful.
There will be no maneuvers in the field
to-morrow. The rpntt^ regiments will
have departed for borne before soon ta
ecrrow. -.-- — —^.
FORT RILEY. Kass.. Oct. 35.— Colonel
Stevers of the Fourth Cavalry, who has
proven several times during the present
series of maneuvers what dashing work
he can do at the head of his troops, was
given a chance to-day to show what he
can do when compelled to hang on and
fight for his life. He was given com
mand of a small force defending Fort
Rfley against superior numbers under
General Carr anfl ordered to hold his
place at all hazards. Colonel Stevers* po
sition at Fort Rlley was f made Aital to
the blue forces in order that a junction
might be made between it and a hypo
thetical main force. General Carl's force
was to attempt to prevent a Junction of
the two blue armies. In order to do so
his ofcject was to capture the position at
Fort Rlley by assault.
' Against an Attack Made by
Imaginary Enemies.
COLONEL STZVEBS PBOVES
HIS WOSTH AS COMTffATTDEB
Successfully Defends Fort Biley
LINCOLN. "Neb.. Oct. 28.— Senator
Charles H. Dietrich and his daughter.
Miss Gertrude, who have traveled 12.0W
miles, going as far north as Icy Cape.
Alaska, have returned home. The Sena
tor's tour was for the purpose cf inves
tigating conditions in Alaska. He recom
mends the establishment of a railroad
from VaMex on the south coast to Eagle
City, in r the Dawson neighborhood, in
order that Eagle City may be made the
distributing point, and he recommends
Government aid in this project.
Favors Bail road to Eagle.
The Connetable de Richemont while
bound from Hongkong to South American
ports struck a rock on the French Frigate
shoals on October 10 and was abandoned.
The officers and men put off from the
sinking bark In two boats. The first
reached land in safety, but the one found
to-day was supposed to haTe goae to the
bottom. When last seen It was drifting
rapidly in a southerly direction.
HONOLULU, Oct. K.— The second and
last missing boat of the wrecked French
bark Connetable de Richemont was
picked up to-day by an interisland
steamer. It contained the boatswain and
seven cf the crew of the lost vessel.
All were alive, though in a starving con
dition, having been almost entirely with
out food since their separation from the
other boat of survivors on October 14.
Eight Sailors From Bark Cbxmetable
de Bichemont Are Found in
a Starving Condition.
SHT-FWBECKED MAEDTEBS
ABE. SAVED BY A STEAMTTB
Freight Loccnotive Explodes.
LANCASTER. Pa., Oct. S.— Two tsea
were killed ard two fatally injured by
the explcsicn to-day cf a freight locomo
tive oa tie Pescsylvasla RaUroad near
Bo*"**"*?-
The dez.£:
CONDUCTOR JAilES BOWMAN.
FIREMAN T-FSTJE: A. HEHL
The fatally injured: Engineer Hertx
and Brakemaa S. E. Swingler.
Navy crder: Ensign F. O. Branch Is de
tached from Mare Island navy yard, to
go to Hot Springs, Ark., for treatment.-
Army order: The leave of absence
granted Captain Thomas F. Magirmis.
Sixteenth Infantry, Department of Cali
fornia, is extended one month.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 26.—Postof
fice established: Washington — Eden,
Whitman County, Eva Utterberg, post
master.
Postoffices to be discontinued November
11: California— Rich Gulcfc. Calaveras
County, mail goes to Mofcelumne Hill.
Washington— Huntley. Whitman . County,
mail goes to St. John: Stunner postcQce
closed October SL Oregon— Pelican, Kia
math County, mall goes to Fort Klamath.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
John Q. Ayars. Saa Antonio. Oregon —
William T. Carle, Alene. Etougias County;
Annie M. Hooker, Panther. Lane County.
Army and Navy Orders Are Issued
and Changes Made in the
Postal Service.
OF INTZBEST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
**If the inoculation has taken place it
wi2 be known is two cr three day*, and
tbes. If «o. Dr. Kood must die."
DES 1TOINES. Icwa. Oct. 2S.-r>r. I* I>.
Rood, oce cf th« cos: pro=is.ect physi
cians In this State, accidentally inocu
lated himself with anti-tetanic serum
while attending a child who was dying
cf lcckiaw and to-<iay hi* friends were
etartled by his armosr3C'?inent that be ex
j>«cts to be <J»a«i tn oe» w<»«1c
•*I am feverishly awaiting the approach
of next Saturday, when I Efcali know
whether I am to live cr to die," said Dr.
i rT~ x»ooo sic given tee last c . . ox
semz that remained in Des. Moists to
the chfM. It was seefssarr to s«nd to
Detroit. Mic!s.. before he rsece«<i*d in
getting' a small quantity of the anti-te
tanic ecrsra fcr himself.
Dr. Schcier and Dr. Charles Smith were
ccnstilted by Dr. Rocd. Dr. Smith ea'.d:
Parks wore his usual denant expression
when he entered the courtroom, but he
did sot look as healthy as during his pre
vicus trial. On the calling cf the trial
Ostcrne moved for. a postponement on the
ground that he believed his client could
net obtain a fair and Impartial trial: that
the cas* should not fce called until the
Court cf Appeals bad rendered a decision
of a. certificate cf reasonable doubt, tee
issuance cf ¦which released Parks from
Sing Sing, and that the health cf the de
fendant is ruch that ctrsnsel could cot
properly consult with him. Affidavits
were produced from prominent physicians
to the^fect that Parks is suffering from
chronic tuberculosis cf both lungs. The
motisn fcr a continuance was denied and
th« trial proceeded. When adjournment
was taken six j-srers had been accepted.
NEW TORK. Oct. «.— The trial of
Saxauel Parks, the walking delegate, who
has aireadr been convicted cf one of the
extortion charges against him, was be
gun to-day before Judge Newburger. The
indictin^-t la the present case is known
zs the TiiTanr Studio indictment, in which
Parks is accused of bavins extorted COO
frcm Louis Schmidt, president of the Tif
fany Studio Company, as. the price of
calling r.rr a strike on a new building
which that company was having con
structed. Former Assistant District At
torney James W. Osborne is conducting
Parks' defense. Associated with Osborne
are George G. Battle and Barlow S.
We«ks. who ss the principal lawyers for
Roland B. Mollceux were arrayed against
Osborne. who was the prosecuting attor
ney in tfcat famous case.
Iowa Physician Fever
ishly Awaits Coming
of Death.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. »— Henry A.
Brown, capita list and politician, was ar
raigned to-day ca an Indictment chargins
that in last June he offered to Alderman
Fred M. Powers a bribe cf J30O to vote to
accept the bid cf the Power* Rubber Com
pany of San Francisco for fire hese.
Brown pleaded not guilty and gave CK0
bafl.
that other large offices likewise would te
Investigated. Bristow declined to discuss
tae matter in any way.
Accused cf Attempted Bribery.
Counsel for Defendant
Makes Effort for
More Time.
SWEARING JURY
TO TRY PARKS
EXPECTS TO DIE
WITHIN A WEEK
ELIZABETHPORT. N. J.. Oct. K.— The
Crescent shipyards reopened to-day on a
small scale. About forty men are at
work. The yards -originally employed
from &W to 1900 men. .
Crescent Shipyards Beopea.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.— Secretary
Moody to-day decided the long standing
question of the awards for furnishing
armor for tfce battleships Vermont, Kan
sas Minnesota. Mississippi and Idaho.
The Midvale" Steel Company gets the
ccntracts for supplying GXQ tons and the
Carnegie and Bethlehem companies a con
tract fcr supplying 5000 tons each. The
bids cf the Carnegie and Bethlehem com
panies were identical, namely W.9S9.0CO,
the delivery to begin in nine months,
while the Midvale Company's bid was
Jo .SOS .532, delivery to begin In twenty
months.
AS.X0K FOB BATTLESHIPS
Secretary Moody Decides the long-
Standing Question of Awards.
Thomas P. Reilly was examined, and R.
O. Kann was summoned to explain how
he obtained a trust deed on Stancote. the
palatial home cf the Blairs. A. trust deed
for C0.0CO was filed In Clayton last Sat
urday, with Kann as trustee.
It was given out this after con that Mrs.
Blair had decided to dispose of many ar
ticles of bric-a-brac, paints and tapestries,
the accumulation of years and collected
from every quarter of"*the globe, and re
move to a less pretentious home in the
city. The sale will be private, none but
friends of the family being invited to the
purchas*. •
There wa3 a dramatic quarrel between
Roberts and Seddon in the witnesses'
waiting room to the Grand Jury. Roberta
bad heard that Seddon had denied the au
thenticity of an interview with him to
which he (Seddon) had admitted that
when Robert3 had first told blni of Blair's
wrongdoings, he had at first discredited
them, but subsequently verified their
truth. Seddon's only reply to Roberts
was: "I have nothing to say."
Judge Seddon, Blair's former partner
and who succeeds him as general counsel
of the World's Fair, was before the Grand
Jury. News of his revelations can be only
conjectured. James Campbell, a broker,
was another witness. He is supposed to
have been Questioned as to the truth or
falsity of the story that he came to
Blair's assistance in settling up an alleged
shortage in the Blow estate, of which
Blair was trustee.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. S.-Janes L. Blair is
battling for life at Stancote. the family
residence In KIrkwood, St. Louis County.
Physicians never leave his bedside. He Is
kept under the influence of morphine, that
he may get the rest his physical being so
badly needs. The physicians fear the
worst. Some of his friends pray that
death may come and relieve him of his
suffertnc
The Grand Jury to-day resumed Its in
vestigation cf the scandal. James T. Rob
erts, the former employe in the law office
of Blair, was again before the inquisitors.
It is supposed that he supplemented the
story he told on Saturday with farther ad
ditional details of wrongs committed by
his former employer.
Special IXspatcb ta The Call.
The ceremony was private. XhB only
witnesses being Thomas II. Norwood of
Savannah, who served In the Senate thir
ty year3 ago with Senator Stewart: Clark
HoweO and State Treasurer R. E. Park.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
H. S." Bradley. ex-Senator Norwood act-
Ing as best man. Tfce bride and grccra
irtll leave ta-rrxrrow at neon far Waaa
ingtcn.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Oct. S.— United States
Senator WilUasi M. Stewart cf Nevada
was married to-niznt at 7 o'clock ta a
private carlor cf the Pie&scnt Hotel o*
Atlanta ta Mrs. Mary Agnes Cone, widow
of the late Theodore C. Corse of Gecrsria
and fcr several years past a resident of.
Washington.
The President has taken an interest in
the New York Postofflce situation and It
Is understood has talked over the matter
with Postmaster General Payne. The
latter to-night said the investigation
bad been contemplated for a long
time and that the only reason It had
not taken place before now was the in
ability to spare inspectors- He suggested
WASHINGTON. Oct. X— A special in
vestigation cf the New York Postofflce
will be commenced within a few days by
inspectors working under the direction of
Fourth Assistant Postmaster Oneral
Bristow. The Inquiry Is supplemerrted to
the general postal Investigation recently
concluded and is likely to occupy a month
and probably lenger.
It is stated at the PcstoGce Depart
ment that no charges are on file regard
ing the New York office, but the facts es
tablished by the inspectors during the
general investigation have convinced the
authorities that It was desirable there
should be a general and detailed probing
of the affairs of Postmaster Van Cott's
office. There have been many repcrts cf
laxity cf administration and extrava
gance and ail these wia be looked tnto.
There will fej at least three and probably
more inspectors detailed for this duty at
New York. Bristow personally will select
a number cf the best men on the staff of
Inspectors for the work.
Management of the New
York Office to Be
Investigated.
Alleged Embezzler of a
Half Million Dollars
Is Very Low.
United States Senator
Stewart Becomes a
Benedict.
POSTAL INQUIRY
TD BE RESUMED
JAMES L. BLAIR
NEAR TO DEATH
WEDS A WIDOW
IN ATLANTA CITY
It Is further asserted that Receiver
Smith will ask the court to give its sanc
tion to the bringing cf suits by him
against Charies M. Schwab for the recov
ery from the latter cf stocks and bonds
cf the shipbuilding company to the
amount of more than CO.CCCCOQ, on the
ground that he did not get them In a
manner within his rights and in keeprng
with the rights of the other stockholders.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— The report cf
former Senator James Smith Jr. as re
ceiver for the United States Shipbuilding
Company will be filed with Judge Klrk
patrick of the Xewark Federal Court be
fore Wednesday. It contains about *».00O
words, according to men familiar with
the details, although Senator Smith to
day refused to speak about its contents
or magnitude. Several weeks were em
ployed In Its preparation. Senator Smith
has received the completed typewritten
copy cf his report and has turned it over
to K. V. Lindabury of the law firm of
Lindabury. Dupue & Falks of Newark.
Men familiar with every phase of the
affairs of the shipbuilding company for
the last six or eight months say that Re
ceiver Smith's report can tell only of the
muddled, disorganized and money-losing
state in which he has found all. or nearly
ail. of the subsidiary companies, and that
he will Insist upon compelling the releas
ing of the immense profits of the Bethle
hem works for the purpose of rehabilitat
ing the other concerns and putting them
all on their feet again.
The facts produced In court thus far
and additional information said to be
within the knowledge of Senator Smith,
in his capacity of receiver, it Is said.
show that the money earned by the Beth- 1
lehem plant has been celd up. and that
but for the action of C. M. Schwab and
others concerned in that operation the
collapse of the monster parent company
would not have occurred.
It is also declared to be almost a cer
tainty that Smith will demand that a re
ceiver be appointed for the Bethltnem
plant In ord«r to get the money which Is
being held a:? there. He cannot charge
that it is an Insolvent concern, but he
may aek to have It placed In the hands of
a receiver on the ground that the conduct
cf Its affairs has been of a fraudulent
nature and in violation of the rights of
the stockholders of the shipbuilding com
pany, which Is entitled to the profits.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fraudulent Holding T7p of Its
Profits, Which "Wrecked the
Great Combine, the Ground
of Complaint.
Court Will Be Asked to Take
Charge of Bethlehem
Plant.
President William Scallon of the Ana
conda Company to-night rejected the
proposition made by Hcinze for a <Ieed
to five- thirty-sixths of the Nipper stock
In controversy between the Anaconda
Company and Heinze and the Parrott
Company In return for the sale of the
block of ICO shares In the Boston and
Montana and 130 shares In the Parrott
Company owned by John MacGinniss. "
. President Scallon characterized 'the
proposition of Heinze as astounding and
ridiculous and unworthy of. consideration.
In a statement issued to the press to
night Scallon says these offers may look
Innocent enough on the face, but tn real
ity they amount to a refusal to settle the
MacGinniss cases. They are a. turning
down cf the Miners* Union proposition.
because the conditions cf Helnze's offers
are so unreasonable and exorbitant that
they are Impossible of acceptance. .'
"As to the proposed arbitration." Scal
lon says. **it is one not recoenized by
law; it would not be and could not be
made binding en Heinze and, unfortu
nately, would settle nothing, but cc-nld
only lead to more prolonged \ litigation.
The Amalgamated people are not indis
posed to settle these controversies, and
any effective method of doing so would
receive consideration; and I would sug
gest that the best way to settle any diffi
culty Is for both parties to try to be fair.
If Heinze would try to be ftir doubtless
a reasonable settlement would . be
reached."
| I hereby bind myself to the prompt and im
mediate execatkm and carrying into eect of
either cr both cf the above offers if th» «*me
be accepted. AUGUSTUS HEINZE.
Dated this £Sth day of October 180ft
HEJECTS THE FBOPOSTnON.
I am atrtiiorii*<l Sy Mr. MacGinaiss and Mr.
Lasmx to state tfcat they do not wish to make
any racney cut cf the sale cf this stock, bat
oa the oontrarr, are wtZUc* to osais a sacri
fice If a sale thereof wil Iresnit ta the benefit
r£ the miners, laborers and business pecple of
Silver Bow Ctounty and the State of Montana,
ais-i I am aathortzed by them to ssake the
foIloTrins c2>r; —
That Jofao MaeGhrates wtS s«U the. ICO
shares of stock ta the Boston acd Montana
Crat«aj far f?0O per share, or $2*>.C»». with
interest thereon from the date cf pcrchase at
the rate of S per cent per aacrca. ar«I Mac-
Gtn&Iss acd T .amm will sell thetr shares of
stocS In the Parrot Company for $35 per
share, ¦with Interest on the Tr.ocnt at the
rat-* of S per cent per anmm from the date of
the purchase of said stock; prrrtded. the Jvrfs
rr«nts act? orders now entered tn the c*se of
Forester an<i HacGinsiss against the Boston
tad Montana Company and the costs cf th«
vettou* actions with reference to this stock
are paid, and the whole controversy with ref
erence to this stock and their rights tLS stock
holders shall be forever settled: ami provided.
farther, that the five undivided thirty-sixths.
of the "Xipper Ltodt claim owned by the Ana
conda Copper Mining Company or the Amalga
mated Copper Compasy shall be sold and coa
veyed to me for the price paid therefor by the
Asaccnda Copper Mtnia? Company at the time
It purchased the same and .$ per cent Interest
thereon from the date when the same was
purchased, and the Anaconda. Copper Mining
Oxnpa.ny and the P»rtot Silver and Copper
Company shall give me a deed cf conveyance.
assortcs title ta all ¦ of the veins and ore
bediea contained within the said Xipper Lode
claisi aod that the whole controversy with ref
erence to the Nipper Lode claim shall be so
settled as to enable me to operate the Nipper
property. This will put me tn a position to
Rive employment to more than ZC/> men.
And provided farther, that the Miners*
Union, shall obtain an agreement from Mr.
Scallca and H. H. Rogers that the Amalga
mated Company's mine* will be kept la con
tinuous operation fcr the next y?ar and that
the present rate of wa?es which prevails la
the Butte mines and smelters shall be main
tained fcr a period ot at least three years.
As a separate and distinct o'er and lock
ing to a settlement a! the entire mining coo
troverste*. I hereby further agree to select
two men. the Amalgamated Company to select
two niea aad those four to select a fifth.
which coaaisltiee shall have the right to settle
aa disputes and the ownership at a n contro
verted ore bodies and declare the rights of
the respective parties, which dectstoa shall be
icat ani biding.
The authorities are taking every pre
caution to urevent any disorder and a
small army of special. police will soon be
on duty. The saloons and gambling
houses of the city will be closed at once
as a result of the turn of affairs. The
oGdals cf the city, though they have
everything under control" now, fear the
result when an army of idle men such as
Is at present traversing the streets of the
city grows hungry.
After his address Heinze had thousands
of printed circulars distributed upon the
streets of the city. The circular, which is
Identical in substance with the oral prop
osition made by Heinze at the mass meet-
Ing, follows:
John MacGinrJs* purchased tie ICO shares
of stock In tie Boirroc asd Montana Ccmpasy
ta April or Mar. 153s. at the cost ci S20O per
share. Tfce cost of the stock in tie Parrot
Company otrmtd by MacGlcElss and rLArcro
wu atoct J35. y«r share. John SIcGinuls was
Gf*r«tl In 1*:*& ard at several times safcse
qaent flGO.CCO for the 1C«) shares of stcck la
the Boston ar.<i Montana Corapasy. I uciJ»r
stacd the Butte llin«rs" Union to b<s willing
cott to par as ht?h es J^XOOO for the Boston
and Uonxana stock and $100 per «hare lor th-s
Pam-t stock.
Scallon's statement followed a proposal
made by Heinze to a mass meeting: of
15,CO0 miners of Butte, jjlled this afternoon
by Heinle, who stated that he would re
ceive any proposition from the Miners*
Union looking to a settlement of the
present trouble and would in rtturn
state his proposition.
Fearing trouble. Mayor Mallins had
several platoons of police present, but
with the exception of a scene when
President Lens of the Miners* Union In
terrupted Heinze, demanding an Imme
diate answer to the proposition of the
miners to purchase the MacGinniss stcck.
nothing disturbed ihe peace of the meet-
Ing.
President Long grew very excited and
with the members of his committee ab
ruptly left the meeting after Heinze had
told him that he (Heinxe) had the stand.
Helnxe in his address declared MacGln
niss had I«ft the town at bis suggestion,
because of fear of bodily violence. The
miners at the meeting this afternoon took
objection to Helnze's remarks concerning
MacGinniss" departure from the city and
In a resolution censure the statement that
MacGinniss was obliged to leave Butte
because fce was in danger of vtolencs on
the part of the workers.
BUTTE. Mont., Oct. '28.— AH chance of
an immediate settlement In the wax be
tween the big- copper Interests composed
of the Amalgamated Copper Company on
one side and F. Augustus Hefnze on the
oth<?rs was dispelled In a statement issued
to-n!sht or President" William Scallon.
head of the Amalgamated Copper Inter
ests in Montana.
Offer Made by Heinze Is
Rejected by Anaconda
Company.
Shipbuilding Trust Re
ceiver Plans Vigor
ous Campaign.
War Between Big Cop
per Interests Takes
Serious Turn.
WILL SUE
SCHWAB FOR
$20,000,000
HOPE OF PEACE
IS DESTROYED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903.
A Great Hit.
Our all-wool pant* for 52 i) a: Herman
Lcskt's, 815 Market St.. opposite M»«re_ •
TACOMA. Wash.. Oct. 24— A private dis
patch say » fee formed la the barter of St.
ailc&mel Alaska. «* October 19.
3
ADVEBTISZatENTS.
o««©9oeooeoooeoadooo3rooooooooooo©oooo©o«ooco
{FREE TO MEN! I
1 A Book Full of Facts About •
9 v f *-^/ V^t J^F ,*.*<%£/ / w
! Dr.McLanghlifl's Electric Belt for Weak Men |
9 I kcow that no isan recxaiss a weakling becacse he wants to'; I aa ©
• sure that yon want to overcome every indication of early decay that has •
• shown itself on yoa. I don't think the man lives who would not like to •
© feel a> big and strong as a Sandow, and I know that if ycu have a rea- j^
2 socable foundation to build cpon I can make von a bister isan than 2
2 yoa ever hoped to be. I want yoa to know that, you who can't believs o
S it, and I want you to have iny book in which I describe how I I*arne«i 0
9 that strength was only electricity and how I learned to restore it: also I O
9 want to tell yoa the names of some men who will tell yon that when O
• they came to me they were physical wrecks and are now among the fin- •
• est specimens of physical manhood. *
% A HAPPY MAN. ©
m . Dear Sir: HaTirz ued roar Casaeas *!*ctrte belt f=r thirty day*. I hare r»- #
a ceired the sreatest beoe£t that a staa eocld cai= — that I* health aad life. T:-* A
2 tired, despondent feeBsg has g-.z.-. I feel the befisz!=z cf a cew life, aad aa erer A
• yocr debtor. W. E. CXJUUC JJJ
© P. O. box 432. Tucson. Ariza&a. °
2 I want yoa to read this book and learn the truth about my argn- £
0 nients. If yon are not as vigorous as you would like to be. if you have o
j 0 rheumatic pains, weak kidneys. loss of vitality, prostatic troubles, cerv- 0
9 ons spells, varicocele or any a:*mer« of that kind that weakens yon. it #
• •would assure yon future happiness if yoa wocld look into this method #
• of mine. Don't delay it; your best days are slipping by. If you want •
• this book I send it, closely sealed, free, if you send this ad. Call for g
2 free consultation. o
: Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, KSt^SS" 5
Jf Office Hoors — « a. s. to 4 p. b.: Sunday*. !0 t> I. A
w Seattle O£2ce. ICO CMsmMa. at.; Los As«eles. 13 So. Sprlsx at. £
O«+««w«w+w«»O»w««w+»w+wwww0wwww«0w««0w««tw—»
3STEW A Tl V KiiTIS'rTyT'.yTa.
ECIE2TCE PEEVEKTS BALDNESS.
The Fatal Gem and Its Beaedy Sow
Tacts cf Science.
It is tfce rarest tfcinj? in the world for
a man to be necessarily bald. No man
v hese tair is net dead at the roots seed
l*> bald if lie trill xise Newbro's Herpi-
ckle. the new scalp antiseptic Hi-rpf-
dd- destroys the g^rcn tfcat <nts the hair
*»flT al the root ajid cleans the scalp of
<i-«i<!ru2 *ad leaves it la a perfectly
h*altfcy condition. Mr. Mannett. ta the
Maryland Block. Bstte. MonU was en-
tirely bald. In less than a month Herpi-
cide had reraoved the enemies of hair
growth, and nature did its work by ccrr-
ertnx his head with thick hair an inch
lone, and in six -weeks be had a normal
rait of hair. Sold by leading drairglyts.
S«id 10c in stamps for sample to The
Heryicide Co^ Detroit. Zilch. •
Schilling's Best pepper is
better than pure; it is the
finest of pure; we have to get
rid of rejected pure. We
get a pecuHar flavor as well as
strength.
* Your grocer's; znoneyback.
A T) l p WL R. i \ X y. %j y i r '^ u^>.
High Class Druggists
AND — OTHERS.
The better class 0! druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better' class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts "of a first-clas3 pharmacy and^ the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long yeara of study and many hours of daily toH. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of cold3 and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there i3 no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction. ;
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there^ ara
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — " Syrup of Figs" — or <r Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name ol
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should -be rejected because they are injurious to the system.^ In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer pas3C3
o2 on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs'* or **Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the fall name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate a3 to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling ol
physicians 1 prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom i: may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co*— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the,
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the'best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
£aa Fraacisco. Toeedar. 2T Octcber. 13C3.
A strictly hygienic
hair mattress
! $1Q.OO
Made o! pure South American horsehair and full
thirty pounds weight. The hair is actually imported
from South America, where it is taken from the manes
and tails of horses raised especially for their hair.
Upon reaching this country it is thoroughly purified
by a patent process and made absolutely hygienic.
The ticking used is the best blue double X Amos-
keag. li
We can safely recommend this mattress as being
the purest, softest, most comfortable mattress ever of-
fered at the price — SiS.oo.
Quality and good taste rule in the curtain and
drapery department — nothing trashy in either line.
EScient salespeople are here to show the goods
and assist you in making correct selections.
If curtains are needed you will be interested in
the display of new corded Arabians now occupying
the west window. Prices range from $2.50 to $S.5O
We expect to move to our new Geary - street
building next month — double the amount of space we
now occupy. Positively no Removal sale.
\ ( Formerly the Calif o mia Furniture Co. V
: 957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco iNEXT ' Tuesday evening
the results of the mu
nicipal election will be
signaled from the dome of The
Call building, so that the 'news
will be known at the earliest
opportunity to citizens in
every < part of the city.
If Henry. J. Crocker, the
Republican candidate, is elect
ed, green lights and rockets
will announce it. If Eugene
E. Schmitz, the Union Labor
leader, is victorious, red flares
and rockets will illuminate the
sky. If Franklin K. Lane, the
Democratic nominee, is declared
the choice of the voters, white
signals will be set off.
Remember the color of the
signals:
CROCKER. . . GREEN
SCHMITZ.: RED
LANE...... WHITE
A stereopticon will throw re
turns for the entire municipal
ticket upon a white screen in
front of The Call building and
a rapid service of bulletins will
convey the resvJts of the el ac
tion to the people
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
/nr^° the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
1 The article published in the Sunday Bulletin with reference to the conversation of Mr. Ed Casey
JL and myself is absolutely incorrect. j
Not one word was spoken between us relative to the Mayoralty fight; I never said one word about
Mr. Herrin or Henry J. Crocker. . _ , ;
The only conversation that took place between us was relative to the fight for County Clerk. In this
fight Mr. Casey is greatly interested. Mr. Casey asked me my opinion and what to do.
Mr. Casey told me that Ruef was interested in the fight of Powel Fredrick, and also asked me my
advice -what to do about this fight. 'I told him that I would see what I could do. I , also told him that I
was greatly interested in the fight of Johnny Greif and in the fight of Henry ! J« Crocker, and that I was
for the Republican ticket. .^
Our conversation had absolutely nothing to do with the Mayor, or with Mr. Herrin. The only
reference that I made to the Mayor was that I said I was interested in the fight of Crocker for Mayor.
I am a Republican, and I intend . to vote . for Crocker ¦ and : for the Republican ticket.
,1 have had no conversation with Mr. Herrin for months in reference to politics, and I may say that
I am a friend of his, and that he has never asked me to do a single piece of work for him or to vote for
any candidate.- 1.
My conversation with Ed. Casey related absolutely to Johnny Greif for County . Clerk, ; and no refer
ence was made to the Mayor, or any other candidate. .:. ¦'¦'."
I am for Henry J. Crocker and the Republican ticket. L. H. BROWN.
San Francisco, October 26, 1903. . • .
UNEQUIVOCAL DENIAL IS GIVEN
TO A SILLY CAMPAIGN FALSEHOOD
CROWDS GBEET SCHMITZ.
Mayor Delivers Speeches Before Two
Big Mass Meetings. ¦
Mayor Schmltz spoke before two large
gatherings last night, one at Harmony
Hall, 1749 Mission street, and the other at
Manzanita Hall, on Perry street near
Fourth, In both instances the halls were
crowded so that available standing room
was at a premium.
As the candidate for Mayor walked into
the halls cheer upon cheer greeted him,
and during his speeches he was interrupt
ed time and again by cheers and cries of
"God bless you. Schmitz." ,
At Harmony Hall John W. Rogers, pres
ident of the Civil ¦ Service Commission,
presided and delivered the opening ad
dress. In part he said:
The opposition realizes that its fight is lost,
and in this the last week of the campaign, a
desperate effort will be made by Insinuation
and vicious falsehoods to prevent the election
of Schmltz by undermining the -loyalty and
confidence of the people. But the people are
satisfied with conditions as they are. These
political scarecrow stories do" not frighten
them. They recall that two years ago terri
ble, blood-curdling" predictions were made as
to the awful calamity that would overtake oui"
beautiful city In case Schmltz were elected
Mayor. A noted and brilliant Democratic at
torney, in a large public meeting, while the
audience eat breathless and spellbound, tlrew
a terrible word picture. He pictured the
streets of San Francisco overrun . with wild
mobs, pillaging and murdering as they went,
and while the city was burning and in ruins
Mayor Schmltz. like Nero of Rome. Indiffer
ent and unconcerned would be found playing
his fiddle at the City Hall. As an orator this
distinguished gentleman was a, great success,
but as a prophet he was a rank failure.
We were also told . that if Schnjttx were
elected Mayor, a period of business depression
and hard times would ensue, the building in
dustry would be at a standstill, and Eastern
capitalists would be afraid to Invest -their
money here. What are the facts? It is
tru« there have been labor difficulties, but they
have been settled peacefully and with honor
and satisfaction to both sides. ¦ -
Mayor Schmltz has endeavored to treat both
sides with equal justice and fairness. He has
Impressed upon labor that, capital has rights
which they must respect, that their Interests
are mutual and Interdependent, and that the
welfare and prosperity of the country depends
upon the maintenance and continuance of
friendly relations between capital and labor.
Are you satisfied with conditions as they
are? If you are. then stand and vote to
gether, and our next Mayor will be Eugene
E. Schmlti. . , .
Mayor Schmltz then responded and held
NEBKASKA.
Republican— Justice Supreme Court, John D.
Democratic — Governor. James K. -Vardaman;
Lieutenant Governor, J. P. Carter; Secretary
of State. Joseph W. Power; Auditor. T. M
Henry Treasurer. W. J. Miller; Attorney Gen
eral. William Williams; Superintendent of Ed
ucatlon. Henry. L. Whitfield; Land Commis
sioner. E. H. Nail; Insurance Commissioner, W.
Q -Oole: Revenue Agent, Wlrt Adams; dent
Supreme Court. E. W. Brown; Railroad Com.
mis*loners, J.'C ICincannon, 8. D. McNalr, 11.
H. Bradley. ' * . ¦ __ ¦¦ ' *
MISSISSIPPI.
Democratic — Governor, Tom L. Johnson;
Lieutenant Governor, Frank B. Nile*; Auditor,
Charles A. Kloeve; Treasurer, Valentine J.
Dahl; Attorney General, Krank S. Monnelt;
Judge Sur>erior Court, Edward J. Dempsey;
School Commissioner. J. H. Secrest; member
Board of Public Works. T. H. B. Jones.
Prohibition — Governor. Nelson D. Creamer;
Lieutenant Governor, Joseph M. Scott; Auditor,
Albauufc C. Purvis; Treasurer, Howard King
ham- Attorney General. Thomas W. Shreve;
Judge Supreme Court, E. Jay Plnney; School
Commissioner, John H. Dickason; member
Board of Public Works. Benjamin Farquhar.
Socialist I -abor— Governor, John D. Goerke;
Lieutenant Governor. David E. Cronin; Audl
£, r _; Ttod Mirer,- William Garrlty: At
torney Gereral. Otto Steinhoff ; Judge Supreme
ruurt Francis Henry; School Commissioner,
p. j.-. Yminr: member Board of Public Works,
Isaac Hau«rr. • •
Socialist — Governor, Isaac Co wen; Lieuten
ant Governor. Michael J. Hynes; Auditor.
Harry H- Smith: Treasurer. Ithamar B. Hln
nun; Attorney General, John C. Madden;
Judge Supreme Court, Jeremiah J. Cavanaugb;
ScUou! t ununlbtloner, Alfonso S. Matter; mem
ber Bcani of Public Worke, Laurence R. Mc-
Intire.
Republican — Governor, Myron T. Herrick;
Lieutenant Governor,' Warren G. Harding; Au
ditor, Walter D. Guilbert; Treasurer, William
S. McKlrvnon; Attorney General, Wade H. Ki
lls: Judee Supreme Court, Augustus N. Sum
men: School Commissioner, Edmund A. Jones;
member Board of Public Works, George H.
Watklns.
OHIO.
Populist — Governor, L. H. Weller; Lieuten
ant Gcvernor. S. M. Harvey; Judge Supreme
Court, J. A. Lowenburs: Superintendent Pub
lic Instruction, Milo Bunce; Railroad Commis
sioner. Walter McCully.
Socialist — Governor. John M. Work; Lieu
tenant Governor, A. K. Giftord; Judge Supreme
Court, I. S. McCrillls; Superintendent • Public
Instruction, Mrs. Florence A. Brown; Railroad
Commissioner, Oakley Wood..
Republican — Governor, Albert B. Cummins;
Lieutenant Governor, John Harriott; Judge
Supreme Ccurt, Charles A. Bishop; Superin
tendent Public Instruction. John F.» Klggs;
Railroad Commissioner, David J. Palmer.
Democratic — Governor. Jeremiah B. Sulli
van; Lieutenant Governor, John D. Butler;
Judge Superior Court, John R. Caldwell; Su
perintendent Public Instruction, A. R. Mc-
Cook; Railroad Commissioner, w. S. Porter.
Prohibition — Governor, John F. Hanson;
Lieutenant Governor. James H. Scull; Judge
Supreme Court. William Orr; Superintendent
Public Instruction. John S. Wayman; Rail
road Commissioner, H. R. Bradshaw.
IOWA.
Socialist — Auditor General. W. TV. Atkin
son; Treasurer. John A. Smith; Judges Supe
rior Court, Alfred A. Leach, Louis Goailon.
Democratic — Auditor General. Arthur G. De
walt; Treasurer. Joel G. Hill; Judges Superior
Court, John A. Ward, Calvin E. Reyburn.
Prohibitiun— Auditor Oeneral. Ellsha Kent
Kane; Treasurer. H. D. Patton; Judges Su
perior Court. Emmett D. Nichols, M. H. Ste
venson.
Republican — Auditor General, William P.
Snyder; Treasurer, William L. Matthues;
Judges Superior Court, Thomas A. Morrison,
John A. Henderson.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Socialist Labor — Governor. Thomas F. Bren
nan- Lieutenant Governor. Michael E. Reuter;
Secretary of State, John F. Coyle; Treasurer
and Receiver General. Fred A. Nagel; Auditor,
John Hagen; Attorney General. John Anderson.
Prohibition — Governor. Oliver W. Cobb;
Lieutenant Governor. William F. Merrill; Sec
retary of State. Alfred L. Cutting; Treasurer
and Receiver General. Napoleon P. Johnson;
Auditor Alfred R. Steele; Attorney General,
Henry M. Dean.
Socialist — Governor. John C. Chase; Lieu
tenant Governor John Quincy Adams; Secre
tary of State. Olaf Bokeland; Treasurer and
Receiver General. John A. Billings; Auditor,
Joseph Orr; Attorney General. William J. Car
roll.
Democratic — Governor. William A. Gaston;
Lieutenant Governor Richard Olney Jr. ; Sec
retary of State, Ezekiel M. Ezekiel; Treasurer
and Receiver General. Thomas C. Thatcher;
Auditor. Francij M. Tetrault; Attorney Gen
eral. John J. Flaherty.
Republican — Governor John L. Bates; Lieu
tenant Governor Curtis Guild; Secretary of
State William N. Olin; Treasurer and Re
ceiver General. Edward Bradford; Auditor.
Henry E Turner; Attorney General. Herbert
Parker.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Republican — Governor. Samuel Pomroy Colt;
Lieutenant Governor George H. Utter: Secre
tary of State Charles P. Bennett; Attorney
General Charles F. Stearns; Treasurer. H.
Walter A. Read.
Democratic — Governor. Lucius F. C. Garvin;
Lieutenant Governor. Adelard Archambault;
Secretary of State John J. Gilmartln; Attor
ney General Clarence A. Aldrlch; Treasurer,
Clark Potter.
Prohibition — Governor. Frederick T. Jencks;
Lieutenant Governor. Cyrus A. Aldrich; Sec
retary of State, Samuel B. Prentice; Attorney
General. Thomas H. Peabody; Treasurer. John
R. Trafton. : ¦ _ ,
Socialist — Governor, James E. Furlor.g;
Lieutenant Governor. Henry F. Thomas; Sec
retary of State James B. Allen; Attorney Gen
eral. Albert E. Holmes; Treasurer. Abraham
P. Workman.
RHODE ISLAND.
Comptroller. George L. Wild; Attorney General,
Charles B. Backman.
Socialist — Governor. William Glsrel; Comp
troller Daniel W. Miles; Attorney General,
Frank' Higgins. *
BOSTON, Oct. 26.— The strike of the
Western Union - Telegraph Company's
messenger boys threatens to become an
issue in the coming municipal election.
At a meeting of the Board of Aldermen
this evening, on a motion of Alderman
Lomensy (Dem.), an order was passed
providing that the Western Union Tele
graph Company be compelled to remove
all of the polea in the city limits within
the next sixty days and if the order is
not complied with the poles are to be re
moved by the Superintendent of Streets.
The vote on the passage of the order was
six to five. The order now goes to Mayor
Collins and he must place himself on
record as being either for or against It.
Boston Aldermen Place Him on
Record in the Messenger Strike.
Prohibition — Governor, Thomas B. Demaree;
Lieutenant Governor. O. T. Wallace; Auditor.
U. Dieney Kastin: Treasurer. J. A. Barrall; At
torney General. William Stone; Secretary of
State, Charles Brevard: Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, Miss H. E. Brooks; Commis
sioner of Agriculture, R. H. Amnierman; Clerk
Court of Appeals.
Socialist — Governor. Adam Nagel: Lieutenant
Governor. F. R. Markert: Auditor, J. C. Wells;
Treasurer. James Pocock; Attorney General.
; Secretary of State. Olaf Pearson; Super
intendent of Public Instruction. Daniel Bond;
Commissioner of Agriculture, A. A. Lewis;
Clerk Court of Appeals Daniel C. McMann.
FORCE THE MAYOR'S HAND.
Democratic— Governor. John C. W. Beckham;
Lieutenant" Governorr^Wimam P. Thome; Au
ditor, Samuel W. Hager; Treasurer, Henry M.
Boswortb; Attorney General, Napoleon B.
Hays; Secretary of State, Henry, V. McC'hesney;
Superintendent of Public Instruction, James H.
Kuqua Sr.: Commissioner of Agriculture, Hu
bert Vreeland; Clerk Court of Appeals, John
M. Chinn. _j
Republican — Governor, Morris B. Belknap;
Lieutenant Governor, James B. Wilhoit; Audi
tor George W. Welsh; Treasurer. John A.
Bla'ck- Attorney General, William M. Beckner:
Secretary of State. Jesse C. Speight; Superin
tendent of Public Instruction, Livingston Mc-
Cartney; Commissioner of Agriculture, George
Baker; Clerk Court of Appeals, James H. New
man. ¦ ¦ •
KENTUCKY.
COLORADO.
Democratic — Judge Supreme Court, Adalr
Wilsron. '
Republican — Judge Supreme Court, John
Campbell. •
Populist— Judge Supreme Court, Frank \>
Owens
Dames; 'Regents State University, Charles 6.
Allen. W. G. Whitmore. *, ¦;
Fusion— Justice Supreme Court. John J. SuU
livan (D.); Regents State University. William
A. Jones (P.). Ernest O. Weber (P.)
Prohibition— Justice Supreme Court, Oeor*e
I Wright; Regents State University, F. fc.
Wilbur. T. B. Llpplncott.
Republican — Governor. Stevenson A. Wil
liam*; Comptroller. L> E. P. Dennis; Attorney
General George Whltelock.
Democratic — Governor, Edwin Warfield;
Comptroller, Gordon T. Atkinson; Attorney
GfTteral. William fihepanj Bryan.
rrohlfeltlon — Governor, Silas ' N. Grablll;
MARYLAND.
NEW YORK
Judge Court of Appeals —
Democratic. Denntts O'Brien (indorsed by Re
!>ubliranf>; Prohibition. Charles E. Manlerre;
Socialist Labor. Daniel de Leon; Socialist Dem
ocrat Charles H. Matchett.
M«yor Ureater New York —
Fusion Seth Low; Democratic. G«org« b.
HvCieilan: Socialist Democratic. Charles L.
"urmsn; Socialist Labor. James P. Hunter;
Prohibition. John McKee; Independent People,
William S. Devery.
At first it was believed that Hugh
McLaughlin. the veteran leader of the
Kings County Democrats, had approved
the action of the committee of fifteen,
but the following day he made a long
statement in which he declared his con
tinued opposition to Tammany Hall.
After th*? meeting of the committee of
fifteen McCarren took charge of the
Democratic campaign in Kings County.
The places of Grout and Fornes on the
fusion ticket were taken by Helnricks
and McGuire. respectively.
In the West the liveliest contest is
in Ohio, where Myron T. Herrick and
Tom L. Johnson, both of Cleveland, are
the leaders on the Republican and Demo
cratic tickets, and Marcus A. Hanna and
John H. Clark are struggling for mem
bers cf the Legislature which will elect
a United States Senator.
In Iowa Albert B. Cummins is making
his second race for Governor, his oppo
nent being Jeremiah B. Sullivan, who is
depending on the Democratic vote, the
Populists having their own State ticket
in the field.
Governor Beckham Is seeking re-elec
tion in Kentucky, the Republican candi
date being Morris B. Belknap, who is
making a very active canvass.
The Democrats will have a walk
over in Mississippi, neither the Republi
cans nor any other opposition party
having put a ticket in the field.
The contest In Nebraska is for a Jus
lict of the Supreme Court. The Repub
lican candidate is John D. Barnes, the
I^cmccrats and Populists fusing on John
D. Sullivan. Two Regents of the State
University are to be chosen.
In Colorado the Democrats made a
straight nomination for Judge of the
Supreme Court, the Populists putting up
•jne of their own party.
The following are the tickets nomi
.^r-ted by the different parties in the
eleven States:
Owing to the split between Tammany
jr.d Hugh McLaughlin the Brooklyn or
ganization, though it indorsed McClellan,
at first refused to include Grout for
Comptroller and Forms for President pf
the Board of Aldermen in its resolutions
ratifying the ticket, because they had
.been th<» fusion nominees, having been
Cropped by the fusionists when the Dem
ocrats indorsed them. Hugh McLaughlin
<!o< la red that these men were not Dem
ocrats «nd that he would not support
th*m. The fight in their behalf was
made, however by State Senator Pat
rick H. McCarren, and at his request a
meeting of the Kings County Committee
mi called to consider a resolution pro
posed by McCarren declaring for the en
tire Democratic ticket, including Grout
and Kornes. This resolution was lost by
a vote of 141 to 1*8. but the subject was
referred to a committee of fifteen, and
this committee, after several days' con
sideration, met and adopted a resolution
pledging support to Grout and Fornes.
Mclaughlin not placated.
MASSACHUSETTS ELECTION.
Massachusetts will choose a full State
ticket. All of the Republican candidates
v.cre renominated. Bates, besides having
been Governor this year, -was previously
Lieutenant Governor for three years. Gas
ton, the Democratic candidate, was last
year's nominee for Governor.
Pennsylvania will elect an Auditor Gen-
Ttil Treasurer and two Judges of the
Superior Court.
Court of Appeals Judge is the only State
office to be voted for in New York. Judge
Dermis O'Brien, Democrat, will have the
:ace to himself, having been indorsed by
the Republicans. The interest in New
; York will center in the municipal and
county contests in Manhattan and Kings
boroughs. Seth Low. the present Mayor,
*s the fusion candidate, and' George B.
McC'.ellan the Democratic nominee. Ex-
Deputy Police Commissioner Devery is
nr. independent candidate, and the Prohi
bitionists and Socialists also have made
riiminations. The result will be watched
with interest.
Inland. Maryland. Ohio, Ken
•.ucky. Iowa and Mississippi, while in
New York, Pennsylvania, Nebraska and
Colorado Justices of the upper courts.
Repents of the State university or minor
State officers are to be chosen. Munici
pal officials are to be selected in Greater
N>w York, San Francisco and Salt Lake.
The Prohibitionists have tickets in all
of the Slates except Colorado, the So
cialists in a!l except Nebraska and Colo
rado, the Populists in two States, Iowa
and Colorado, and the Socialist Labor
party in three— New York. Massachusetts
and Ohio. Fusion was effected in only
one State. Nebraska, though the Repub
licans* of New York indorsed the Demo
cratic nominee for Judge of the Court of
Appeals.
The most interesting contests in the
East arc the State elections in Maryland
and Rhode Island and the municipal and
county contests in New York City.
In Maryland the offices of Governor,
Comptroller and Attorney General will be
lilted. Edwin Warfleld, the Democratic
• andidate, is fljrhtir.g the issue with Ste
venscn A* Williams, the Republican nomi
nee.
The offices of Governor, Lieutenant Gov
<:rnor. Secretary of State. Attorney Gen
< ral ar.d Treasurer will be filled In Rhode
'Island. Samuel P. Colt heads the Re-
Vublican ticket and Lucius Garvin, the
present executive, occupies the e&me po
sition on the Democratic ticket. Last
year Garvin upset the plans of the Re
publicans by securing an election, al
though every other successful candidate
was a Republican.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.-Electior.s
will be held in eleven States
on Tuesday, November 3. Full
Slate tickets are to be voted
for In Massachusetts, Rhode
Hanna and Clark
Are Struggling
for Ohio.
May Have Bearing
on Presidential
Contest.
Greater New York
Campaign Holds
Interest.
ELEVEN STATES WILL ELECT OFFICERS ON NOVEMBER 3,
A ND PARTY LEADERS ANXIOUSLY AWAIT RESULTS
New York Bettors
Favor Low's
Chances.
Ten to Nine Now
the Prevailing
Odds.
Tammany Gathers
a Big Election
Day Fund.
expect that every corporation and every Indi
vidual who is «n any way under th» control
of the Dosses will be against us. We have no
boss, and'when we are elected we will b« euo
servient to no boss. We can all think and
speak for ourselves, because we are free
American citlxens who have the Interests of
this great commonwealth at heart.
Abe Ruef could not get the Republican party
behind him in his political schemes, so he
has got something else.
My friends, this appeal which I am making
to you to-night is not. an appeal to elect me
to the honored office of this municipality for
any personal gratification nor for any glory.
I simply aeek to be elected that I may devoto
myself to the welfare of this city.
I am perfectly willing to put aside- and sac
rifice, any personal desires, even the practice
of my profession, that this community may
have the benefit of my services in the care
and consideration of its government.
No Mayor of this city can devote but six
hours a' day to the fulfillments of his duties.
He must devote twelve hours a day.
I beg you all to break away from partisan
ship, no matter what your politics may be. Let
us have a government mat is honest, fair,
square and true. -Let us have & government
whose chief officials are not hound* tied and
held by any. party bosses. Let us have a
government that will not make everything sub
servient to political interests. '
Despite my gray hairs, I am only a boy In
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. -Election
betting was exciting to-day on
the Broad-street curb. About
$25,000 was wagered at Taryttt*
odds, mainly In favor of liay-
or Low. At one time even
money was placed in considerable quan
tities on the Tammany candidate, but
the preponderance of fusion funds again
forced the difference.
The various preliminary forecasts did
much to unsettle betting and this made
Tammany supporters more confident.
The result was that the opening wagers
were at odds of 10 to 9 on Low, where on
Saturday 10 to 8 was offered without tak
ers. Considerable money was placed at
10 to 9.
Tammany's confidence that it will have
a chance once more to give to the city a
"good, honest government" Increases Just
In proportion as Tammany's election day
fund grows, and the election day fund ts
large enough to burst the hoops of a bar
rel. What the fusion orators describe as
"the contractors' trust" has scored with
a vengeance. Even the contractors on
the subway have been influenced to con
tribute to the fund which Tammany ex
pects to count for much on election day.
What is Tammany going to do with the
money? Why should a contractor under
a fusion government give checks to Tam
many? These are some of the questions
the fusion orators are preparing to ask
in the last hours of the battle.
The campaign went on to-day with
great vigor. Mayor Low made a tour in
an automobile and spoke a half-dozen
times. McClellan made many speeches,
in all of which he denounced fusion as a
sham. District Attorney Jerome spoke
several times and was listened to with
enthusiasm.
Masterson's Illness Delays Case.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 27.— Henry Chris
tie and A- J. Taylor, who are charged. In
connection with E. F. Masterson. with
swindling the Continental Building and
Loan Association of San Francisco out of
$1427 on an application for a loan pur
ported to have been made by Charles
Tate, were present In Judge Smith's
court this morning. When the case was
called Attorney Willis for the defendants
asked that the setting of it be postponed
until the arrival of E. F. Masterson from
Germany.. He stated that Masterson
would be one of their most important wit
nesses and was needed by both sides. At
the present time this v.ltness was sick
in a hospital in Germany. The case was
continued until January.
Land Office Receiver Indicted.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 26.— The United
States Grand Jury to-day returned an
indictment against Asa B. Thompson, re
ceiver of the Land Office at La Grande,
Ore. The indictment charges Thompson
with soliciting money to influence his of
ficial decision for approval of homestead
applications which had been held up for
insufficiency of oroof.
the hay market Mr. Crocker visited th«
box factory of Carrick & Williams and
Masterson & Hickman's lumber yards,
where he was warmly received by from
250 to 300 men. Later he visited the Union
Feed Company's works on Berry street,
and a good many men from the Stude
baker'works came over there to meet Mr.
Crocker. Then he looked around through
the Pacific Coast Glass Works. A large
number of men there and elsewhere came
up and declared themselves for Crocker.
They wished him success, and to quota
the words of a workman, "made him fe«l
that they were behind him in the fight."
Things are evidently propitious for the
Republican nominee among the men of
the docks and workshops. Among other
places visited by Mr. Crocker yesterday
were the works of the Lonr Syrap Com
pany, Stuparich Manufacturing Company.
Dow Pump Company, James A. Railing &
Sons and the Pelton Water Wheel Com
pany.
CROCKER AND LYNCH.
Jerom© Bassity's Bears Axs ox* the
Winning Side.
Have you seen the "Jerome and Bas
sity Bears?" Of course you have; two
little cubs, one a Crocker bear and tho
other a Lynch bear. If you haven't Just
rubber up and down Market street any
day from now until election and you'll see
the animals bearing the banners of two
of the Republican ticket that are golnj
to be elected In November.
Jerome Bassity tells an interesting story
oi how the bears proffered their services
in behalf of the good old party.
One day last week when Jerome's house
was In its busiest .hour a small boy cam©
trooping In with two bears on the end of
a string, both walking upon their hind
legs. The crowd, about to spend some
money in the house, all turned to see the
new arrivals, and during a momentary
vision of lost patronage Bassity ordered
the kid out. Instead of going the boy
presented him with the following letter:
Friend Basatty — Accept the accompanying
••packages" with my compliments. They are
very tame- have been raised on a bottle sine*
they were* three days old. They have eaten
no meat; so far only old fruit, bread and such
Uhlnss Put them to work. Tours truly,
tnmgs. n» w HODGES.
For a few hours Bassity had a couple of
beara on his hands, and they may as well
have been elephants as bears, for they
were as much in the way. The happy
thought then struck their new owner and
he decided to enlist their services in the
interests of the Republican party. The
bears were willing and that's why you'll
see them every day doing duty getting
votes for the "Grand Old Party."
Fred Eggers Club.
"Upward of 70& friends of Fred Ejrf sra
met last evening at the Mechanics' Pa :
vlllon Annex and formed a club to fur
ther his re-election to the office of Su
pervisor. The meeting was organized by
the election of the following • officers:
President. Henry N. Beatty: vice presi
dent, Augustus Tllden: secretary, Eujene
Pfaeffle; treasurer, Alfred P. Murphy.
Speeches indorsing the candidacy of Mr.
Eggers for the office of Supervisors were
made by Senator Edward I. Wolfe, F. W.
Burnett. Augustus Tilden. Georg* A.
Wehtworth and. Henry N. Beatty.
THE SAN FBASTCISCO CALL % TUESDAY. OCTOBER 27. 1903.
More than one. hundred hay men greet
ed Mr.' Crock* r at the hay ma'rket on
Channel street just after tne auction yes
terday' morning and gave him a hearty
reception. It is safe to say that in the
course of the mornine he won from his
opponents hundreds of votes. Every day
his friends and enemies, too, grow more
and' more certain that Crocker will be
the next Mayor of San Francisco. From
Now I'll tell you why I am for you, Mr Crock
er, though perhaps you have forgotten the mat*
ter. and I want these men to hear it t«v»
When the fire occurred In H. S. Crocker it
Cou's I was the. foreman cf engine No 4 an*
was the. first to lead Into the fire \v. tnl,
two men. Peter Haley and Martin Hannah in
that Ore. Now, men, I want to tell you What
Mr. Crocker did, though he lost thousands by that
fire himself. Immediately after he heard of
the death of these men he sent out a chc-ic
for 15000 to their families.- I think that kind
of a man is good enough to run the affairs of
this city.' He Is good enough for me.
Michael Hynes of 20»£ Welch street Is
firm In his belief that Crocker will be
the next Mayor of San Francisco and he
told the nominee so yesterday, when he
shook Hynes by the hand in front of
Egan's hay barn. He -also brought no
something that showed that Henry J
Crocker is held In grateful remembrance
by more men than he thinks of. As he
shook the hand of Mr. CrocKer Hviim
aald heartily: y s
Henry J- Crocker Is the best campaigner
In town. So the' workingmen of the water
front and the men of the lumber mills,
the glass works and the laboring centers
generally south of Market street have de
cided. He went down among: them yester
day like a goodsized young whirlwind and
captured votes right and left. James Ll
Egan, a lifelong Democrat, who drove
Mr. Crocker around to many, nlaces in
the thick of the workingmen yesterday,
said last night as he stood In front of
his hay barn at 860 Harrison street:
I think there Is no doubt that many Demo
crats are going to vote for Crocker, and right
down here In the thick of the labor in* men I
am a Democrat myself, and Crocker is 'my
choice. We have nothing down here personal
against SchmlU. but we don*t want tocT much
Ruef. go you know in the lumber yards to
day I think we found Just one man for Lane
I tell you Crocker is the best campaigner i
ever saw. To see him among men and watch
the way he wins them is better than to see him
°?, t 5 e v P , latf u rm - th0U3h he> » a11 r '*ht there I
think his chances of election are first class
and lots of workingmen are going to vote for
v«n- •' ? . ' --¦«»:• .'.-¦•¦
Workingmen Pledge Support to Re
publican Nominee.
CROCKER IS at.t. RIGHT.
LANE AT DEVISADEBO HALL
Takes Non-Partisanship as Them*
' for His Discourse.
Franklin K. Lane addressed an audience
of voters of the Thirty-seventh Assembly
District last night that packed Devlsaclero
Hall to Its utmost capacity. He took for
the theme of his discourse non-partisan
ship, and said in part:
We are coming along to the end of the flght,
I like this fight— I like it better than any
fight I ' have ever been in. because it mean*
more; because it is a flght for honor, and for
th« * welfare of this commonwealth; because
it is a flght against that which is hostile iu
everything that honesty stands for. We may
James A. Devoto made a stirring ad
dress and was greeted with a great deal
of applause. Many other labor candidates
addressed the meeting.
The second meeting, at Manzanita Hall,
was as largely attended as the first and
the ovation given the Mayor and other
speakers none the less stirring.
A man never knows what a blackguard he
has been the most of his life until he enters
politics. I have been surprised to learn what a
bad man I have been and what a bad adminis
tration I have given the city. One of the
city's dally papers in an editorial about eight
months ago said what a queer Mayor I hau
made. I had carried out everything that l
had promised at the time of my election, i
have no newspaper to back me in this right,
possibly because they cannot control me. l
want to say right here that no newspaper or
any body of men can control me when I be
lieve I am right, I am sorry for the papers
of San Francisco, not for what they have done
against me, but what they have done against
themselves. It shows that In their prior com
mendation of me they were either lying or that
in blackmailing me now they are lying.
I beseech you to pay no attention to the
newspapers or the lying circulars that are be
ing passed around, as one would stab a man
in the back and give him no chance to defend
himself. It was in order to see fair play that
the United States went to war with Spain, to
protect a weaker people that were being op->
pressed. It is for the same reason that I want
to be elected," bo thai the plain people will not
be oppressed by capital, or that- the capital
shall not be oppressed by labor. I shall give
fair play to all and special favors to none.
I have nothing to stand upon but my past
record. I" have been Mayor for all of the peo
ple, making no distinction for color, race or
C< This is a flght'for the plain people, and JM1
not swerve for capital or press. I am going
to do what I believe is right and be fair and
Just to all. Stand together and elect the full
Union Labor ticket. /
the audience for a half hour. In part he
said:
Joseph O'Donnell was chairman of the
occasion. Preceding the address of the
principal speaker short talks were made
by John Connor, Judge Mogan, Judge
Cabaniss, H. U. Brandenstetn. Edmond
Godchaux, William Broderick. Oscar
Hocks. A. H. Wehe, P. J. Curtis. Edward
Rock, Lewis F. Byington and Samuel
Braunhart.
Drop all partisanship and vote for the men
whose names are known and who you know
wtll serve you and yours to the utmost extent
of their abilities, and who will give San Fran
cisco a government that all the world can
point to with pride and admiration. Let this
be a non-partisan fight.' Vote for the honest
men who will see that the future of this great
municipality is fully protected, and In doing
this you will be true to yourselves, true to
your country, true to your city and true to your
flag.
I now appeal to you. my Republican fellow
citizens, and 1 nay to you that It is an insult
to you to ask you to vote for the Supervisors
that the bosses have placed upon your Republi
can ticket. It is a disgrace to you that the
election of these people should be bought by
a display of banners and steam beer. I entreat
you and I command you to thoroughly scruti
nize the ticket that is supposed to represent
your cause, and then compare it with the ticket
we offer.
politics, but I am old enough to know that the
future of this city depends upon the entire
abolishment of the bosses. I am proud of
rnary names in the Republican party, names
that are honored throughout the whole world,
even in far off Africa.
CANDIDATES FOR THE MAYORALTY OF GREATER NEW YORK AND
HEADS OF RIVAL. TICKETS IN THREE STATES WHERE VIGOR
OUS CAMPAIGNS ARE NOW DRAWING TO A CLOSE.
ON Tuesday, November 3, elections for State officers will be
held in eleven and municipal officers will be chosen
in Greater New York, San' Francisco and Salt Lake.
Greater interest, perhaps, centers in the contest in the former city
than in other that is to be decided next Tuesday.- Although
the issue is local— Tammany vs. fusion reform forces- — the result
may Have an important bearing , upon the national election in
1904. .Of- the State elections those in Ohio, Maryland and Ken
tucky will be watched with keen anxiety by leaders of both par
ties. The campaigns in these three commonwealths have been
fought bitterly, on national issues, and in the latter two States the
result is in doubt. Senator Hanna is striving in Ohio to "capture
the Legislature, which is to name his successor, his Democratic op
ponent bqing John H. Clark.- Reports of the progress- of the cam
paign in Ohio leave no doubt of a Republican triumph.
4SKVEB FOUND .WANTTSTO.
Jollan-Sonn:ag' spoke in behalf of the
Dirigo CluW His speech was" a* d radical
one and cocvinced -.many . voters that
Henry J." Crocker was the man .to- all tbe
office of Mayor oX. Greater Saa Fran
cisco. - In part be; said:
Oq' behalf of . the Dtrt«o Clab w« waatto
acaocace psbtldr 'turn 10-BlSht oar rood feet
ts.i a=d rood feUowstip fcr Heary J. Crocker.
He was a charter member cf the Dtrtxa Ciat*.
He has stood bjr-us-froe* start to Snisa. 'What
has Heary J. Crocker acce ta tae last, stxteea
years'' H* has bcilt railroads, he has boilt
haaUets where calr forests were- a few- years
aso- he has speat sseaey ta the vineyaxdJ
of the State, aad he has beea a coed aad trae
frl»nd to Saa Fraacfsca. CAppIaase.>- ..
, Ecary Crocker has. never beea fooad' waat
lay. Wh*B«ver aay ' ealaaalty . bef eJI this city
he -was always ready wtti his aid. His name
is ta be foend ea every bcoi of everr charity
orBaatsaaoa-. ta .: this: city aad cccaty. (Ap
idaase ) Wh«a soxae years ago we were oa
fo<-tnaate eaocra to have tacosaads cf labor
ers her* aaeaipleyed.- what did Heary Crocker
da?i H« weat dowa ta Ms por£et aad .he paid
msney oat by tie five huadrsd asd by the
thcusaad. «R»sewed " aFpUase-J Whea ' the
Crocker tcfldtscwas bcraed oa Bssa .street
aad ! two nafortacate nreaiea Io«t their Uves.
what iSd Heary Crocker do? He taaaediately
tetegraptoed oot a check, for *>« •> for the bea
efit-oC the faaUUes of those, two nsea. (Rt^
sewed appla.ose.> They s- tali -about- Henry
Crocker Irrlax a , hi«3 , tif e. . IbcUcv* tn ttra
U;». becaBS« . withoct ' htch Ufe yoo * cannot
prsjsper. " We all -believe Ia eojoyaient." H*ary
Crocker to-day has oae of th* «c«t tdetU'hoces
la- the worn, andl exeept eo portion oi the
tClry for tts arts • asd hixh patriotic pobitc
servto*. Th- reasca .why year after year tt*
American p««:fre retura Its candidates to edee
la tecaas* it redeems Its pr;=iis* to erery citi
xea alike, aad to every member of tie conHsn
alcy. no siatter. wisat his vocation- Aati. If It
premises to place before yoa a zsaa for yocr
*aiTrajr*s who ts uytlrht aad of caq^xestlozeii
character tt keecs Its wtard. acd tt does cct la
dene the csadldates of coce oti*r party like
Mayor Scfaaitx. who repre*Kitj only cce tnaa.
who tpraag oat cf the braia of Aba Ra«f. IQce
SIteerv-x vmt of the b*aa cf Jove; aa-i Scha:lt«
reseTBhles Mlaerva abect as mocit «j Rnei
does Jot-. . <LjKi*hter-> There ar» two propo
sitions ia this caopa'ga which traascend - a"
ethers la laiportaace for KepubUcaas. One. la
to see to it that tie aien who haT* b*>»a st»id
fastty Icyai dartss;. adiersity aad i-access shall
be. rewarded, and that the- men who have tried
to.uae-the ptxhUc cttsrty, for their owa.celnah
laterests. the ptraies who C-w th* Republican
;«• h they codd set. aboard aad scuttle the
•hip. thall be seat to poUlicai obUvtoa. The
second propoattloeis akla to the first, thatao
Rich traitors shall -ever be aUcwed to hold
political ofnee whCe the RepobUeaa party. caa
help tt.
General E. S- Saloiaoa. candidate ¦ far
District Attorney, was next presented.
The Civil War veteran was givea a big
rally when be" was Introduced aad bis ad
dress was listened to with deep interestT
In . rart he said:
Whea I lock at tMs naisUewt aad!«ce I
feel t w .ic the people of Saa r Fraadsco .: kaaw
tiat t»re 3d of XoreatSer next Is the taraia*
pdat la the' history of this crcatctry. tAp
•gla.mt.y I ksow aad f»el tia.t you ladies aad
rentl«mea kaow aad , sader?tas<i the sitaatica.
Tou kaow, that ea the 3d cf Kaveaiber next U
to b- decided whether this rreat and growin?
nmaielcillty shall be ruled by aa earaest. hoa
est acd trojitworthy - gnveraaiect cr shall re
catta la - the ha=<i9 of. political taocateScais
a=«J niea who . cnlT \ strtve to c*t into their
ha^ds power to enrich- tieawerres. . It , Es for
yea ta decide, and this rreat destocstratioa
of the people of Saa Fraacisco ta-afght -eca
xiso^s 'ec that tae verdict cf the 24 cf next
November wilt be. Crocker acd aa boaest aad
opr!*i:t rcveraaseat far the city of Saa Fraa
ciseo T>>e resdt Is aot-ta docSst.-bct as son*
et the reetlein«n"who have proceeded s« hare
*ald. It ts ret only necessary tj et*ct oar I<»ad
«r bat tt l» E»c««ary ta" orier to strecxthea
his haads la the sreat wori b* is toaader
take to elect every oaa oa the RepoiOcaa
tlck»c (Apptiase.) i . - :;-• :,-; y . ;¦:.;
DEBIGO CLUB ENTEBS.
During the progresa of Mr. Curry's
speech, the members of .the Dirigo Club,
of whlea the standard-bearer Is a charter
member, entered the hall and tsck seats
upon the platform. The band played. the
national anthem aad "every persca In the
theater stood up until the martial strains
had concluded.
Carey Van Fleet was next presented and
surprised his auditors by his fervor and
splendid oratorical ability. His speech
electrised the ¦ audience and when he Ca-
Ished tt paid hlna a high compliment by
applauding him again and again. In part
Mr. Van' Fleef spoke'as follows; : -
. The principles which have =ade ti« RepvhU
eaa party sceadfutiy -?ctcriocs are responsS-
yoor cocsHentlea »i* yocr 9cn?ar>3 a tlek»t
caciposed cf »uca ocs.
My CrieruSs,' »*fr« is the tsstae cr the eaisjalya.
L*t -zsc for:* few ssisstes recapitulate the hii
tery c? this State for the last ten or twetre
rears la order to bring hcm« tie prcjiosttloa I
aa» *<Sr»Beia«. Sooe after tie first setUetsess
of CallTomia. atter the fcn roah ef the pio
n**rs and ihe arjasaats was errw. Calilornla
settled down iato a wr »k»w growth. *i«
yea tike isto ccc«;.i«raUoa the great pecsl&lU.
tJ«s. the bauaecse ttaomn of ocr to.rrf, The
growth 'Cf this State was not tzx cropcrtfea to
tt-it c* • masr. Eastern gc&tcs. There was , a
dachfal>pea^rress is CaRfarsta. As a r«sc!c
of this ire see Is the tatericr depression. W«
taw the mtses ahandoced, we saw the tasxber
dills -: pcBed . dawn, great ¦tranches «rf fertl£<
valley U=ji. it* nan ptotoetire ef the world.
r«=ai3eii ttstineri; crcharta were 'cprmxM aoal
rteqrmrda - deauoj ed. asd the teterioc towaa
vzch. a Tast ; multitude of til* einzecs ©f this
treat dry for th» porpcse of dlscasstEs tie eae
great- tsaoe cf the caspaigs. » hici Is *. G r*a: -r
sfaa • Francisco. No tnattsr whit the c« t.ros*
of this campaign mar be. great good will lare
tees acccmpiislusd fcy the disccssicn of til*
ali-para=ieazit lss=*. All p«rUes are advcc&t
ing *=«1 speakic* for a Greawr San FrancJacc
And tt U weU titat tlurr «ioaM. becattae aQ toe
viit:ors who cosw here say Utat of all who
hare a^ytilc? ta do ta cocscctlaa vith mis
ctir th* people of £aa Fraadaco aloas vecia to
t« fctlad to ttie sij^ticarx* of the hctir. so far
as t&e fatuxe fosaltllt:*** of tiU gicat sao-
Eisi paltty are ' et»cem*<L la t&e fall of last
year it. was tay good fcrtaa to bave an tat»r- ]
ileW with cte cf the Cnlte<J States 5eaitar»; a j
racai prssla«ct statesmaa wbo rliitfrl *»-« eUy;
I aCsde to Senator Bererfcfie. It was my good
fw i use to fci v» an intervies" of oearty an iaoor
¦*:ts. him. and fa that conT«rsatioo te said to
rs#: "O&. I acgrgciate Use fact tita: I asi a
Senatcx frees XBttlana. bet I woc!d li I ecoM I
cbanse place* wits. t£e - Senator fma Calirar
rht " fAppiaase.J Senator Bmrtip taSd; "I
have go&e up asd i!owa tfce I*sxtlt of the coast
acd fca^e trarelsd orrer Use State of California.
a&d it se«3Z9 to zse that Use citizens cf this
State are the most btird of all peccle to the
great empire which win soon be escabUjbsd
n»:c th* Paci5c Coast."
Duscaa McKinlay was the next speaker
and the well-knows orator won new lau
rels \ throuzh his effective speech. Ha
spoke for nearly an hour and showed coa
cluslvelv that it was the duty of every
voter to stand by the parry taat has done
so much.' for this State. Ia part he said:
"It Is ladeed aa iaaptratlca to staad before
. If tier* t» aay- ti^atsfcar calcalatar here
t>-=i?i:- 1 wcuM like yoa to solve til? prob
lem: Mr. Schmlts two yean a*? was wcrkiag
for "a salary cf probably $C20 a nseeta. Siace
he has beea Mayor he has received a salary
cf ' fCCtO a year. Ia October. 1943. he spends
S-W.eeo to - try t» Miiui his re-electioa as
Mayor - of ,. the ctty asd cceaty cf Saa Fraa
cisco. " Caa yoa solve th* protleai? Asi the
•tars. (Applause.)
"It I* a Szowa fact that fa all the Ia— »
•trcrzhoMs ot the RepobUcaa party Ia %*<**
dty the vcte was la tie majority for the bond
issoei :aad.tbe pecrle kaew tiea when Utey
voted fcr that bood tcsoe that t>*y were c ;i-^
to ; place - that seveateea aCIJofc of csocey ta
the haada of a coed, hcaest nr. jr.. wao wia
be electfd Mayer o* Saa Fraacisco on the 3.1
day cf - Xoveaiber. Heary J. Crocker. (Ap
pUase.)
A reatlea^aa by tie rant cf Wheeler a few
days' azo trfed to dtctat* and tetl the cltlxeas
cf Saa Fraacisco what th* <^ia!13ca.tloas. of a
Mayor shocid be. Mr. Wheeler has devoted
the createat part of his life ta service ia a
hardware stcre. cell!zr staves, cans aad so ca.
Ee ts ths ca!y man cut cf ZOO ssea In that
btg urm cf Hclhrock. MerrCl i Stetsoa who
staads fcr Laae. The balaaoe are far Crocker
to a cxaa. (Apciaose.> His esxslcyer. Mr.
&t«ta<ia. aad also Mr. Kotbrcck. aad Mr. Mer
rill, who have beea ta this cooatry siace the
Z'zz «. have srowa to be ¦: -i i ctea. have rnarfr
fortunes azd reared farsSiest here, aad taey
staad for *zul vote fcr and ladone Mr. Crocker.
I dca't believe ia atacwemptsa). If a r~mn {•
a Repabtlcaa tet hlax stard n& aad be cae:
If te U a Desiocrat let hlai staad c? aad be
cae. Anywhere waea w^e waat mea we wvcat
area who win staad cs aad doa't slide. Tal«
abcut . d^rcaatlle a:eal What the ofnee of
Mayer of Saa Fraacfsco requires ts a r»i ex
ecstive | head asd a tsaa havt^s th« abfUty
to sarno-or yes asd aieaa tt. What ts waated
cf a Mayor Is to supervise aad see that tie
moneys that go tato the t»»ascry are rixittfally
appropriated. . Aactier tMrrg is for th» Mayor
to apcHda: bosorable. good n« to th« oCSce of
Ccxaiaissiocers aad see that they do thetr daty.
aad" If - they, doa't do their duty reraore thesa;
asid when yoa elect Heary J. Crocier ea the
third day of Xovecsber Mayer of this city asd
cooaty-he wCI io his dsty ta that respect.
(Applause.)* ..
HOW DOES SCH3HTZ DO IT?
x!sb«. He l;<r •« ja a saaxalnceat rssideace
over here ca the ccraer cf Washlattoa sad
La*una struts, asd a i=cst ideal hct=e tt ts.
He la the Uth-r cf f ocr beastiftxl xtrU aad
two fic« beys. aU satires of th* city aad coca
ty cf Saa Fraaciseo. Has anybody heard 34r.
Cncier 'Z'iz'.zc the entire caaisalsa sl'.-f
nicd? So. Mr. Crocker ts dstiveriagr speeches
here every alrht. scrcetiaies three, sooetiises
focr.' Tea never hear aay personality or asy
cz~i-ili=.ziz* frcm Kenry J. Croclter. He Is
tso ciuca cf a r*atiesaa t» titter ilasg aad
personality.
CTTArp-yrA?r STONE SPEAKS.
Colonel George H. Pippy called the
meeting to order shortly after 8 o'clock.
Ia flis. opening remarks he said:
Ladie* aad Gestieesea: W^eaevcr the Re
pcbUeaa ticket. ' whether catiocal. State or
cnnlctra!. « piaced bef sr» the people for their
ssffrajces yoxt will always Cad the L'c'oa Leisae
Qsb behind tiat ticket. OfjUsM.) We hare
ca£ed this sectta*- fcr the pcrpos* of dotag
the best we codd toward rodsz ap the aia
jortty fcr Heary J. Crocker tapciasse). aad
tie balance cf the ticket. There ts bo o-ses
tJcc thai the Cxht has - beea- woa — bon
estty aad tacro<Z7&jy. for Mr. Crocker aad the
IVpckllcaa Eociteee*. *Ap^laase.>
We are xssw rrytes;. Keatleaiea. ' to rell op
the majority. (A voice. "We wQl <&> tt.~) : I
wast ta present, renttarea. Geaeral Gecrr*
Stone, a cxaa waose reecrd ta the ' RepcbXJcaa
5 *rtj U * tU kaswB. He has be«a aeccrsed
in*-, under the auspices cf the
Unicn League Club. Every seat was oc
cupied as early as 8 o'clock, and fcefore
th« meeting had teen In. progress fifteen
mintites every aisle was crowded and
erery Inch _,of avaSaale apace was
pressed Into service to accommodate the
tremendous gathering.
The fair sex was present ia large num
ber and the ladies enjoyed th« speaking
as much as their male escorts- -The plat
form was crowded with members of the
Unicn Leagre and Dlriro clubs. The lat
ter marched " Into the hall during th«
progress of the meeting and their slogan
echoed through the strcctTire- One hun
dred and nfty voices were nis*^ in the
dub cry. which ran something like this:
Wxa whoo wai!
Walt whoo was:
DtrtgoT DMr»*-
Wah. whoo wah.!
C-r-o-c-k.-e-r!
The Union Leagne Qt»rtet sang cam
paign «o=ga and Bennett's band rendered
patriotic melodies throughout the even
ing- Shortly before Crocker was? Intro
duced to the big audience seven members
of the Bohemian Club appeared and sang
two songs that created a great &eal of
enthusiasm. Their sirging j was la per
fect harmony and the audience, could not
get enough of It. j Chairman* Stone quiet
ed the audience fcr a few seconds while
Introducing the standard bearer of the
party and taea the pent-up enthusiasm of
th« gathering trcke loose again and the
plaudits could be heard a block away.
The very rafters rang with cheers. Every
mas in the audience yelled and waved his
hat. The fair sex added their shouts and
waved their handkerchiefs at the popular
candidate. The scene was a spectacular
cne. Mr. Crocker's reception and the ap- ,
plause accorded the various rpeakera left
no doubts ia the minds of the auditors
that the Republican ticket would be suc
cessful at the coming municipal election.
Carey Van Fleet made his bow as aa
eratcr and proved himself a wit of high
crder. Els sarcastic criticisms on the
candidates struck home and were heartily
enjoyed. Duncan McKinlay was the ora
tor of the evening and his impassioned ut
terances were received with tremendous
applause. The members started to de
part wfcen Mr. Crocker concluded " his
excellent tpeech, but returned to their
seats whea Judge George H. Bahrs was
Introduced. The fame of this whirlwind
campaigner bad spread and all seemed •
eager to hear him. He did Dot disappoint '
them. His speech was delivered | with
great vigor. All hfs assertions were loud
ly cheered and when he denounced the
story which appeared in" aa evening paper
that Schmitz asd himself had entered
into a. compact the assemblage became
wildly enthusiastic Judge Bahrs gained
many votes and his confidence la his own
ability to defeat the 'Invincible" candi
date who seeks a third term filled the
bieasts of sis' friends with the same feel-
Ing and they left the hall positive that be
win be elected " and determined to bring
about that result.'
THE AlhaEabra Theater has sel
ficsa held s-ch a Iary» and en
thusiastic asdienee as that
which attended the bir Repub
lican raHy held there last even-
Continued ca P*g- 7, Cahzsm 1,
pcpcUtica cf Saa Fraacisco tateads ta vote
tije RepchZicsa tlci*t tal» year. « Laughter
aad applaase.> It Icoks tike tt to-aixaj. CR*
n«we<i apptaose.t I waac to say. bawev^r.
t'aat all the vctiat rwpctatjon cf Saa Fraa
etsca t» cot catheretl ta this hall :•¦>-- ;--¦:. I
tars beea to several other rseetlass »L»ie tas
pecpte of Saa Fraacisco have Kathered. aad
t; ie*ais that taey ba.ve asSetabied wtta tae as
surance that tfee ticket ia s&ssan of which
they hare eocsresated is tie cae that they
heartily and - asaatssoosiy . iatead u> vote for
at tie eiectloa ea November X
I" have atade tfcr*» addresses !a this **n
duria?- the caaisatxa; -the Srst. waea. I bad
th* fccacr cf betas acaiiaated for tin office of
Mayer cf Saa Francisco: "the seecisd tlaie
wh*a earty-ia the >caaip*ixa the L«a=es were
cot so clearly drawn, waea peop<> had eoc
isade ca thetr -miads. whea nhd u tali
abdot ta« . eiarter aad " about the l^<a^i base.
ass wtsea we had t» ose taoee arrsraeats wiicb
shouid ceaviace tie pecpfe u ta hov ta«y
shoald vote at the eomJsx clcctioa. To-cixar.
as the caspaixa ts seartas a close, waea the
pecpte of. this creat city have aboct na. ;» s a
thetr mt-wH lit* what they shall 60. reaHy
tt jeeaas to ate that the RepabUeaa ticket ts
rtrisx; to be eiected ta Its entirety. »ApcU=se*>
The Repoblfeaa party tai» r?ar has laaie a
caarratza of srexress: it i*s taade a cao
paKa <o£* reason;, j; ia« cxade a car^ai-r
wtthoot aay cf those . asoi-tliagtag incJdeats
tiat have caaaed ti* people of Saa Franciieo
fa tiases sast to fctasb. We have race hca
estly* before taereop> of Saa Fraacisox We
have 'Dot tried to tefl fcxrw bad ether people
were, or bow xtsod. we were." bat we bave rooe
fj faeia'wiUi'the Uea'that we v«aVl xlve taeax
aad do fcr them aU taat'' we taM ' w« "wadl
The Bobentbtn . Club Octet r?cder?d
two songs and thea Henry J. Crocker
was nresented to the expectant audience.
Tbe cbeertas was long- aad load. Just
ss th« nominee 'for Mayor was about to
speak a strcng-tasjred voter in the gaEery
called for tbree cbeers fcr the next Mayor
cf Saa Francisco and" again the hall was
filled with souud. Mr. Crocxer spek*
with Cnency and mad » a fine, impression
on" his listeners. la oart b« sa!<i:
Mr -C&ainaaa. aad L»i.-»* aad Gectlea»e:
Thete have b«ea reaiors that .the. entire vctte*
Shall we tara thea ta th» DenMcracy? Sisn
w<? tara to Laae and JIcNaa? What has I>ai
ocracy ever dose fcr Saa Fraacisett? Tsra bock
ta year nseaKsri** aati yoc w21 Cad that when
ever we >y1 a Deaxocratle adaicistratloa ia
the satica. tie. State cr ti* rtty. faUowtes tt
hare beea serfods of «i*pr-s»i<Bi.
GREAT CHKKHa FOR CROCSZB.
What is the reason of this? Why ts I: that
grsat scpaoattc forces haiTf operated to brtas
at»ct thij .wcederfal tra=sforaiat!nB? I do
aot ceed- to recapitulate the spleadhi history ot
oar natiaa siace the taaasaratton of Presliest
McKlaiey. It . was :h* taaorsratfca o" U : -
KlaJey. coapjed with certain o« these «r*at a=«i
ajyswnctis rauTem'Et* which «-.: — *z. — *-t sweep
over.tae world aal -ran?* the face of ctTUix*
t:r.n that bracrht to Saa Fraacisro its wescier
ful charj»» cf to-day.
Sow, ay friends, what ts the prsblete of tie
heer? The prabJeia of the. hear -- thai Saa
Fr&acfcco herself s^all act. shall a£<7st aad
!=j.«*-;r-i:» a city gjr»rsaies.t aad a -• ..-; that
wta be ta hararocy wtta these grrzt fere-* aad
wia taake tae-aacst oC oar sreat cpficrtsalues
ta the present azd for the *ut-r». That is the
profcleta of th* carapalya. The pfatfarras of the
dlSerest raraes ccctaia plaaks aad ptedces '. . r
tits advaacemeat of this ctty; so tt comes dowa
to a qnesuca of 1=.-? c«a t;j <tan«l cpra thes?
platforras. I will as<t tie hoc««t. r»---yf- g
patrtotie voter cf Saa Fraacisco if he beli<eve>
that Ecsea* Schatltz is the proper saa v> kave
charye cf the precious work cf carryiss; ca aad
th* =u::j cf this gr^at city. I asx yon fa all
serioess-sas tf Ea^eae Scharttx. tie political
accld^ct. th* Foliticsl dlstake. lie pcUtiral
fc^iti* wticH nrom* cat of the fr«*i aad th*»
•porce of the whiripoof of tlh? tajjnr dlssenstca
two years ari." ts the crccer ea3 tata whose
haads its'.', be iatrsated this preciocs -iarr*
I say te yo« it jbsss =ct be. the renits are t£»
pr-xaaat with tFSoi and evil to be fcstrastrt ta
so«h hi=.is. Tie fatv** of Saa Fraacisco ssast
be rtvec tato tie haads of a =saa wtta a gs-at
pa.:> cTTaatzatica behiad bid. sccb as :¦» tu-
Bepotltcaa party.
'•ow tsra ' yoar er«s ca every side aad te
hcM th* wccsderrcl traasforciatloe. -- :- act
c-nly ta Sa^; Fr»a<risco. bet ta every county ia
the Stat*. Wa3.i has haspecedr We 2ad azr
•elves to-day fcr this rr*at city do Ic=s»r iso-
Iat*<J-. We Cad ccrselr»s 30 Iccx»r oa the
ba?jtfeoc» cf the A=erieaa costSieat. bat w*
fiad. by reasca cf a seri-?s oe evests which have
traasstmJ ta tbe tasc cv* rears, aad waica bo
nan coald aiave prochest»tl. Saa Ftaadsco
jaade the centra! cKy. not oaiy cf th» faica.
bet cf th« -atire woiid whes we aihile to Its
fatar* pces:btlie«. tApptaase.)
faUicj away ta pcpdatlca a=l beccailaj aa
fccwa haaUets. This had its r»2ex actica. cf
coarse, c^ca Saa 'Fraaetscc. aasl fcr sia=7
r»ar» we «t thocsaa^ c£ hoases withest t«a
aats ia this eity. tcstaess hcoses wtthoot -•:- —
Pacts; we saw men paraiiay tie streets %»»n
op natlt liST ieeki=« bi vala for wcrk aa*l
far waves. These wene th* eoaditicc* which
pr«Tii:ed eatli 153T thr:csicut the =':i:- cf
Califarala.
CITY NO LOXGES ISOLATED.
Secretarr of. State Charles T. Curry
cam* down frcra Sacranaeato to lend bis
support to his party. He . was given a
fine reception from the biz assemblage
and his views were i apolauded. " In part
he spoke as follows :
Last year you were- told that sarty pcUtfcs
was aot tsvolTed la ta* ssbercatcrJal election.
Doa't be it-.'ii^i by the tpedOM - am=ieat«
taat party poUUcs Is cot iaroiTed ia tie taa
aictsaJ rarT! F ff!yr' tils ¦ year. ! Tae ¦ electJoa - ta
Saa Fraaeiaco E«xt cusntli wtll hare great in
fiaeace co the- eiectloa ta the State next year.
There U bet cae ticket that a RepabUcaa
thotzM rcte • cae week ti'jcs to-mcrrcw.-- aad
that U tie ticket headed b7 Heary J- Crocker.
It to a fxd. repre»oatattre ticket, from Croci
«• to the last Ss^erTiacr. ««I the Board cf
Scperrtsors »hocld be ejected so that | ta<
Mayer eaa be aasared cf tae scjiport of ta«
bcani la potting- his fdea« aad the platfcrza
cc which he. was cctalaazed tato practical oper
attos. A , -v-
Heary Crocker will ¦ eiTe Saa Francisco a
gxo(!. ci?aa. beaest. ecocotaical. broad-oiaded.
Uberkl. prc€r»sslTe, bc*i2eas-lik» adsiaUtr*
ttoc "The e!*ctloa of ti» RepcbUcaa ticket
wocl-i be aa as3uraace of tie ccatlanance cf
fcwiaes* proepertty.- p>Ieaty cf work and gaol
waxes ta tais city.
Tie eyes of lh* wcrid axe tow tarced tarsrard
the. Pacific. It ts destised to fce the theater
of treats eCsrt aad - crrtlitattan ta the - c *ar
future. Saa Fraacisca ts ta* aetrspoOs cf.
th» Paci -c. aad we beBeve aad hope ts des
tiaed to be the great' eonuaerctai city . of . the
world. This Is ocr borne, here it where ocr
interests are ceatered. If Saa Fraaetsa> prs>
rrcuses au4 roes forward we prsereas aad g»
forward: If • Saa Fraacisc* ttaada «ni-we
stard stin. If Saa Fraarfsco roes tacirward
we ro backwmxd. The result cf " the electlca
ta this dry en tie 3d of aext asoath win haTe
a great tefteeBee fcr «/oc»i cr era en the fa
vzn of th* n«w - Saa JTraacfsco. Toe - haw
rvecatly -rctcd - far the isaaaace cf J I ¦? O '•,»;•'•>
cf beads, the proceed* to - b* expeaded ¦ ta
beasafytes the. city aad traprwrtc* tu health
fulE's* aad I appeal to aU ReBchitcaar aa>3
to those wko ta msalctpal aCairs.haire co poU.
tics trot * vote tee the persaeaUty of the- - caa/
«ii iit». aad r-> those Detsocrats wto are ¦ <ils
fatlaacd with the party's • cr»a=ira.tica; to
tbe b^zstaesa zaea.. tae .prof rsaiosaS .Bsea.' toe
mechaaics aad * the laborers, to exercise the
•arse . discretion • aad ¦ iadgaieiit la Tottes; ¦ istg
office niea to exp«E4" this mesrr that' they
wadd ta selecttiis; aa areat . to haadle thetr
ews bestaess aCatrs. aad I kaow they win
taea mot* the etraisht • RepahUcaa tleket. ' '.
The wciW wants ai<a. laire-aearted. asaaly
raea. - " • • ¦ % - . ¦ :
JT« wta chall fcia Its cnoroa aad - proloss; - -
Tt* psalai of effort aad Utepsatlai ef love -
The times wast* scbofear* — schoUrs who win
*hap* . , ;¦ ¦
With tfeo«sht.*tfe« <iochtfol destiay c! 7*ai»V^
Aad Usd t- k .» aric th.it bears oar eooatry's good
Safe oa acme peacefsl Ararat at last.-;
Fellow citizen., the RercbUcaas cres-ct fsr
Governor Pardee was to have attended
the meeting- aad delivered a. speech ia be
half-of the ticJcet, bet business detained
him In Sacramento. The aadience was
disappointed, bat the folio wtej- teleeraza
from, tt^ chief execative'of tb*' State ap
peased the assessblaf e:
Hon. Geoxxe H. Pirpy. tTaioo Leasae - C. ab»
Saa Fraaasco: PubUc baataew pr«T«ats ai«
Iearfiir Sacraaecto this erenlnar to Jcjia ytw
ta raisin* cy rote* ia ad-recacr cf the Bsecesa
cf ta* RsscbtScaa ciaaictpal ticket. There
sbeoid be no dacbt oC its trteapb. at tae polls.
?"¦¦» ! I caaaot fmaglae that there U- Mayer
Crcck*r. I salcte yoa. CEO. C PAKDEX
GOVZBNOR'S TELEGBAH.
f»el tbat It ts sare to wta at the rolls. It
is x»ial3«- ia »tmsrtli erery day, aad if. tie
election were a raoata away I rnsdict that
the ctfcer party's pesttica wocld. be such that
tt -wocld EOt- hare- really a corscraTs juard.
lASPUuse.)
The Repctlicans tare pit us fw ths consli
eratics. oi th* eitixeas of Saa Francisco a
ticket cf exc*pticaai streartfc. oce watca all
classes of cttliess caa axitiy suspcrt. aad I
General Stone was gives a. warn greet
ing and when the applause had subsided
he spoke in part as foilows:
Lai.-« aad Geatleniea. Frlesda aad atl
x«=a cf San FraacUco: It ts m. rreat honor
to Bia, aa tccor wjiids I d-cSidedly appr«cUte.
to serve as ehairaua cf th* Repcotlean rally.
especially wten It is held under the - a*2spiees
cf cur own Cnisa L**rae CS53 lapplaase).
whfca ia. as yea at! knew, ca« of tee i;iea,t
strcQ?hoi«is cf ccr Repcblicaa party ttroc«5j
cct tt-» entire cctiatrr. Ocr t rtends ef a. dlf
f«r»=t raita pcliticallj- aad a2so fa tbeir saper
stiaon se»ai to te labcrtzz orsder * d^oaica
that ocr = «r*»kers have bn-a taUctas to empty
fc*ccb<?9, ei-UIy- aadieaces and half -tiled halls.
"SVe r3aj:«:t that the wish waj father to th«
thangtit. fcet I eas cc!y hope these sajae deso
late halls and liiiewarai - tlsteners wCl ena
ttaTie ontil tie erector of tie U.of Xoresi
b^r, wt*a 31r. Crocker and the ticket frata tcp
to bctx>?a will be declared ejected. <Ap
cla-^3e.>
ths hcacr of pr«»til=g at this serttrr. " (Aj
tUsse.)
Eloquent Speakers Arouse Tremendous Enthusiasm by Their Praise of Republican Nominee
for Mayor of Greater San Francisco and Other Candidates on Ticket.
do — that w* w Ai. 1 cit» ti*ai a gzcA. >a
attnrtnWtraeaua la Cse, Ctty. «.\pf;Usse.>
th^kj; 31UST HE HAZ3LO2TY.
I aa» eo scliticiaa. I =ay tav- *ak! so— «
thiass that -•;•.:•:••: sar*ascsat:e or .- -x;-
dieas. bat I ha-r- esf7 aaid what cocias tiwa
say hear: — tb»t K I asi e»«««d ii »; - of Saa
Fraaciaco I wtl! »lTe jtwt the rl- »-.-¦•-. tiw»
t*st arfattiiLStratioo tiat I asi C3j»il« cf (*j>
plaas»-> I aax» caly ;.r;s->. i:. *»..- to tS»
*>gr-« cf 53t:-c tiat ta tae ajpotatfcts <rZ
Cca^aissioners ta haacSIe tae city's bon=e?«
ua«ier ti» rhartrr 1 wia aypctat tacse KopJs
cely wto wiU gire ycu the best ccssl&fe *A
iBinistrattois. aad wls**. I brtl^te. wtU te m*
txs*st ia ¦: j-:r work a» I wia be besest ta ap
potatii^ ti>-=j. »Gr-at -.ppiatxae.)
Friends, win w» ctsasm ta tlse aiasislstrm
t'ca of Use city's sfesiaess aad tie «ra-*™^
cf ail that vast snai cf doeej whiea Saa Fraa.
•_?:•> has voted far terse!?. w« cs'ssc look >
is well that th« city's adaaaiatratlca .-:?'•
tansonicas satsr»: liat all tie of2c*r» -:»-:s».»
by tie p-cp** stall be la hai-=ao=j- with ea-i
«fc«r: tiat It <~ i.~. be of *aci a -..i:-.-- t5*t
cocsilraticas e»a take ; 1— taai tie Slayer
at t:-» bead cf aZair^ eaa har? the estir>»
•nrportcf tie r-«pfe wao hare be*a e>cwl
ca the sasie -l-'.z-* wtta histsetf. «ad ihere
fere are *-.-..::¦> 1 ta the >\-* . - r-— of -- -
fidrace la ti-.'.-r * vote ea wfeat a&aQ -n
pta^e-. TTa- rtiy's a*si3l»tr-»tija at r^^r tic*
sio«i:-J fce a bciiiw*» a.fc=i=tscratfc st ; it aiaxiTt
be ts absotateir ttcat+i adinisiatrmtfos. A=«i.
seatiKsea. voters c£ Saa Fraacvsco 1 £30 »
that :i y«a go ta -I'.* pafls aad if tob ¦•--.? at
this tlat* a ticket which shall be ta acccr-J
w.tl- the Rrpsblicaa eaticea! ;•-.;.-.;-« i- ; r^
paaUcaa State polities, we shall b>9< I aalT
atrMsT* a i::-j;-:- xtcznrr aa«4 a cJorkna rf
rtxlz -.'•..' 7*ir : ;t w« «taU ?-*rr--r:-i:» r.->
pc&Scaa «acec?a by vetlac fer Tteoicre Rao>»
v»U mrxt year. (Great applaare.t There is - >
reasca ta th* wcrid why. caw thai Cse R»
p-;c:..-a- party Is caitetf. that w« are all «sn-
Cez csm basiser. tiat we bare aooe cf that
oM pasb Uvat ¦:<*! to roatroi :i- city; ae«
that we bave - ;— ..-_;.: * I :z*— \- i tiit w*
tav* • eiaart Mr «¦:.-•; ci«aa liiiritsJscratSoa.
tlwre la 10 rcajca ta the wtwtct •»-.;. :"•»- Re
ccb^-a=3 cf Saa Frascfcsea sboald ect sta»i
tcs-tSer as a uait. I>5 yap kaow wt»r that
n*aa»r IA vctce — "Vic-ary.' t That =«aa*
vJctcry. Tou ar« r'.arl-.:. »ir.
PZ.X7CSS the PERsraiiroar.
I :--»¦•- t«ea t .: i. :»;.'•• aad srsttesea. taat
it was net E*c*a»ary far U<rary J. Cracier 0
taS: :¦> Us* bcsiaess bk cf Saa Fy*rci«.^s that
sty reeerc tier* wa» wrlirea aad *cly Jad t»
be r»ati; -chat tt iUl act n*-d aay oce t» t)
t^re aad tea the »torr cv«x asaln; aad I vu
taidL "We wUI lock out tar t>jit j«rt. H^arr:
?> (town scuta of JCarhet itre«t aad see «.-'.-.
5 ;-'j caa <&».** <Tjng^ter aad a;jt» i«- > Well,
gcatleaiea. I have fuam aad piackid t!te p«r
•Isasea. fReaewed laughter aad arr'a=*f-» If
I w»K i>wa there wtta the i£«» la t&» snails
of thcae petrcle '..-it I was aa ir «;-.¦-»-. -- 1:
I cocid ect be taOmi to, that t was ace broc^c
ap laess tiai ;Un of people, asd OMtNi
wt« caa;;rcaeltafc>. I Uuaa. !»'.:»• *--: ™r«:>
saea. I kare d^tel>d that Idea, aad I kaow.
Irons ti* bcaiest jri» oS tie wrsrkiayatea ¦ aai
ta-> jrla»I wetccaw ef the Ladies ia that part •>?
ta* city, tlsat I fear* isasA scaae friraila dMMt
aad Tea win see it c- •'••::.:3 dav. » ->.l L*
*:*• aad ir»=::*3-.*=- yctx WJ3 sae tie r^solt .f
tiat act ala«i*-l-ui<l*d rarttaijta by aay ar*«ir*.
tet jna*will se^ tius resets ef tie. ecc*aJera
ticaxs BWTtas my fccsiaeas frleads t» b*cx — . -
w*---;»-s--u:*ii cf their aws -• -A::.-:- t-i ts aav*
s» r> ten irci; tke .wcrkiacstea -:f Saa
Ftaacisco aad ectisaria- to sr«t tfteaa ta back
tise Repofcttma party. I bave ace foaad • - » -.
it to diracnK to ajsraart. tac*e ssea: a*l. ... ~.
tae ether hasd. they tare net fjoa«i tt -i'faeo.'t
t» a^proaea ave. We feave fcaJ =iaay taic» t>
r»ti-fr. ¦»¦"< Us tae li«t w«*^x* haT» r^-^iTeit
<£»'esa:ica il:*r d^lesatlce 0/ tabcr Bni«s Eiea
who bar* eeste iata asy «fic« aad w&o «^i- :
that t&ey haTe waited, -toey fca-re ¦w\z..--i they
kvw whit tuiPTers la a caa <So itt»« ia Ssr
O f»c«? la 5aa FT^JWtoca. tiey kaow iarw- fei» r»^.
crt is »earfS-»<t ta«T kacw waat eaa he ' «¦- 1
act afcect tt» past Ufe- Aad. (adfev 4- : csatle
ajea. I aax clad ta say tial th^se ttc»«st werk
>=arm*a taTe. witSoct cue , ww» of «C#sjat.
stated tiat th»y fea^r. «^«T-t wKifcj !a air
car»«- t^at wcoM tea* ii«n » belNur* ttet I
weald act t* a= 5one»t .Ttaa at Dm "spa** .>f
th» ctty*» aSalrs. fA7plaa«e.> Aad 1 be-:5-r»
taat ess tie 3d of c*xt No*wa!>eT. whn X *¦»
befer* ta« sec^* *«¦ tSeir »affra«e. wa*a ta*
Flashlight Photograph of the Big Republican Gathering in theAlhambra Last Night and the Chairman of the^ Meeting.
HEXRT J. CROCKER. Repcb
«'ai: nczninee fcr Haycr, vis
ited aiir.s. factories and :un
t«r yxrds yesterday fcrenccn.
where he cret thr-sazli cf
wcrkinrmen w-ho five him
the r^i hand tnd ch-ers of wel-
TOE*. A* & T—»~ »a Sia— - ¦¦ — 7» f ';
Kenry Crocker has few es'-ia^ and no
F-rertcr. ilen who tell fcr a livtn* ap
preciate his srzrly qualities and sterling
esterjTlse. He is getur* r-«-y & vote
ty a.«kirg fcr it in hcn»st fashicn. Tne
current cr pctUc sertiment is ia his fa
vor. His eiectics ts the c£ce of Mayor
is be.rccd dcutt. The c^esticti cf ;Iu
raHty tlcne rerinf-rr
Th- txca inwardness cf the canrsign
*:r 1^=-* :s ;:r diseased. 'Word has beea
7*=s*<i tlcn* tne Demccratic line try if c-
Nib :o smash Crocker and keep einash
ing. rreni this time en all the Jcb chas
ers, taxeaters an-i Silurians wHI Join in
th- ctcTTis cf i-vectlve axaizst the Ee
rut^can ncnunee. T> re ctteriy failed to
break into the ranks cf the Unisn Labor
Tarty. H« failed likewise to ret any su^
j>crT tltuu the liberal element cf German
citixershtp. ani :.:w -• is arp-ea^ns to
R.*pui::cin batem men for aid. There
Is cctliir^ left f;r ths Democratic press
an<i the L£.r.e rooter* but a cantcaim cf
the rankest falsehcci. It Is abscitrteiy
dcsbtrul if Le;« wSl be able to carry a
Fr=gie Ass«=tj- district ether than the
Twenry-e^r-— . where Ecsa ilartin Kelly
:s makirs his ixht.
Th» CaJ^ end^a-vrn ta ret the trcth re
ps.rdiny pclltical tttcatiens. This paper
was ri«ht cenceminx the crtcctn* cf the
Sfratrrra! contests and th- results cf the
State noniina.tir.s c«=Tenucn ar.d election.
Care wa« tsien ta ascertain the facts.
The mest acc-rare inf :mz2.tim attainable
in r*s2s£ to tba present ccrldpai cca
te;t is t-i the e-ect that Schmitx wia
carry the Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth. Thir
ty-nrst. Tlbirty-seccnd, Tnirty-third.
Thirty-ffixth and Fcrty-nfth Assem
bly districts. Schmitz's plurality
in tii- Thirty-£rst win likely b«
large. Eucf claims that it win be very
lar?- !n the Fcrty-fLfth. bet Republican
«- = — ra'g— r» - »pr< have reascn to doubt
the judfment cf Ru»f in this respect. Two
•far* t?-! the Thirty -sixth was Schmitz's
lizes were slightly changed by the new
• pporticrment.
Accurate infarmaticn is at hand t» the
•wfltaet that Crocker win carry th« Thirty
f.Turth. Thirty-nfth. Thirty- se tenth. Thtr
ty-«ic=*-. Thirty-ninth. Fortieth, Ferty
f.rst. Fcrty-s*ccnd and Fortv-tnird As
teabtr districts. He is sure of retting
s n :mr=»rse plurality in the Fcrtleth and j
also in the Fcrty-first- The Thirty-eighth
¦ i £sj pU-ced in the coiunza cf barner Re
• . tcaa districts- The Twenty -eis^sth
District is conceded to lAne. and not
withstanding all the ranting and tumult
cf the Democratic meminr «" rt evenins
r€*£;£r*?rs it is an even betting- prcpo
siticn that L*n* will not carry any ether
district.
A clcs* nsit in th« Fcrty-fcurth Dis
trict betwe-n Crocker and Lane is fcre
shJtowe-1. The district is larp?, ccntain
inj CX vrters. Ruef is spetidin? nianey
freely if not recklessly ta win otrt this
district fsr Sehmitx. While rt is true that 1
I^ane has net & eit—rrr-ring show of suc
cess fir himself and wcuid net have if
h« cenld evenly divide the Republican
vcte in the biff r«sidence districts north
c f ilarket street, yet it Is within the
ran^e cf possibility that a substantial
drift of Republican strenr^h to the Demo
cratic nominee mi«nt s > di=iinish th«
Crocker pluralities that Schmitx would
Trin. There is enly one dangerous ele
ment ta. the aituati:n so Tar a* the Re
publican ticket is concerned. If w»ak
sjsd wavering Republican business men
can be faded into the n<?tica cf votinsr for
Ijtae to prevent the election of Sehmitx
the result will b« the triumph cf Schmitx.
So far as any chance cf party success
is concerned the Democrats are net in the
race. A Republican vote fcr Lane is
surely a vote for Sehmitx.
Ken. A. P. Tmiiams hit the nan en the
¦ t - ax the beginning of the campaign
¦when he «ai3 t» & throeg cf business
men at the Union League Club: "The
piace fcr the Republican bcain-ss mas
-ch^ vot«s frr Lan« In this contest is the
hoc:* fcr tie feeble-minded." The fight
- - -r- ea is clearty between Crocker aad
Sehmitx. Lane's water front meeting
yesterday was the next thing to a frost.
ills presence excited no enthusiasm. Oa
the other hand Crocker is making head
my is. his tnanly campaign to win the
fuppcrt cf worklngnsen. He Is Invading
the Sehmitx strongholds aad winning
votes.
The Republican campaign csmmittee,
VT J Duttcn chiirman. is urcrfcir.g har
tnadrusly and effectively. The Repub-
P>ot crganixatSoa committee. A. P. Wil
liams president. Is actively and unani
mously supporting the entrre Republican
ticket. The campaign cemmittee holds
daily sessions. There is cot a single ele
ment cf discord in th# leadership of the
party forces cr anywhere along the line
.,*. tne party ticket.
SXL FOB CBOCKZE
Another Heiu-T J- CrocJcer ciSD ca»
l>-*n crsar±s*i urder the =*a« or the
-Greater Sa= Franciaco CIsi" tor the
r expose of pretactii* tlte tsterests cJ
Hesry J. Crocker fcr Mayor.
Th* orgaslziiig: eorsraittee Is ccssprised
Mt Lawreace Vincent. Al C. Berthier asd
E. iU Vaa <icr Nainea. Tt»e d=t> has es
tablished beadQ-zarters at 1164 Market
street, roosss S. and 2. secosd fioor.
A niass cs^tisar will be beld there _*t i
ocioek to-ci^t. Everybody Is invited to
attend.
Tt& '?*z^*'*y? > 1"n list Is headed by mere
than two hc=dr*d casae* cX active busi
ness aca! At the meeting to-ni«ht the
Hub's promoters tay that they will tave
raore thca a thoTisaad names enrolled ia
teaalf d Crocker.
Asmcs tbe organiiers of tae cteb are:
J«zncs* A. Baraity. VTCiasi C-' Msrfiaek.
vrestera 5»"*tfcc*I EaaJt: Marshall H*>. Kale
lire*.; H. S. Firid. Ka=i=»r»=iitt A Field: Dr.
I>. B. Plyciir*. a. Van <ier Xalliea Jr.. Ha=
tltca A. Siser. Jata Ttttl*. £«aator Edward
I. WoiTe. CfcirfM G. Najrle. Jttiiss Larta.
Tbegr»n V. Catsr. Oiler-: Re&ert Welaeke.
«Vi.Jra W«t Hct«I: Joseph MrtJKaa. £«=aur
1L V. SlareKocae. Dr. F. W. Lex. James B.
rjier. Jcfca H. Karaer. Fr*=* A. Vafl. Saa
l«n * Vail: G»ors* H-'Erydea. Da rid O.
'Tjcrrls. WlCiaia Doctittt. Jo:!k» Bbsz!. E. N*.
K&rfaarshsan. Vara«T G»»kC!. V. GroUsweO.
lif«T« D- O"N«n. C. M. Rflosseao. TteieBa* 3*.
rtrrtnswj. A. I- I£art. EJl E. Oliver. Howard
ta»«*. S3=icel 5<-jia»)cr. luderc Oiiiiea, L
C<1£tz3.I!. Ja=5»a I_ N*ax>. M. A. Sistita. Da
-14 L. Rrrr^ls. <R\ H. ggbfcard. Pfrtlfg L
n»ti a=*i a. g. et. £=«.
_p m -^ ENRT J. CKOCKEIV3 t=HLH
p {j speech, last evesirrs wa* de-
U mm B livered :.-. Dmrcccck's Hi.: ..-.
cu m Crockcx entcxtd Una bail -j
cue cf the niinor candidates
was. iil.^fa'.r.; tie as^embixgi. but ax
sight of lie lar^re Hayor the crowd ex
hibited such wild enthusiasm that tt »»>
necessary for the speaker to sus: tz*les
lie stand.
A» Crocker facet! lie crowd fce -«a*
greeted with caeers and ; . . *. After c;ulat
bad fc-en restored h* said:
Mr. Cftarreiaa i=J FsCow Citizeas: Tb*
«i=p*^a r» bow drActrr to a dese. Too hav«
cireraiiy *i»i:-*3 the nuttfrs e>ac?>l befcre jteu.
aad ycu »iocii now be is a pc*tti>:a ta •:«<:»
»2» sr-at of u:* se.ectiea of a '.:-..:¦
I tiT* ~i«c3 Ur iel.ere. from woat 1 u>t
seea »-=:- cry r-.— .:r..i: - : - \: I •» .. be -.- •
next. Mayer c; Sin 5*r»rt i>.:v. I base Er ¦-?:=
«ae ¦¦- ;_-? sr«ii=XT» I .-..» » .--¦'.». a tje dif
fR« d^r.r^—3 ta *i::: I iav* spefcea. I aaa
styt*-I by tie c«-*sfa;«Ts as - - - z a rich — . -i
I sis * rut cii. i^ii ba.T* sra ie- wSa: r. -- •¦
I cox bn* la ti* e.ty of ;ia Frascisea. X
lasi act a peRtirraa. aad I ast not t-—*--Tr fer
the e?£ce at 5lJ7"ir fcr tie :aocey tier- Is »a ti.
tec ih&t I cat retura to ttls Ctt9 t?- svwj
: - r: >U has <Joce for ate. I bar*. * « -. - - first
*p«»*er has >u»* *»M. b**s *occ?s3*x» ta the v«>
r«ccs eaters r:s*:« ts:.j *2^;a I aa^e «ir:-i an 1
- i-» I i— . willsy t> cicae ay desk aa.l <ievat»
Bf vbul* tita* »2fi attrzdea to ti* •.;¦••« -:X
fie cfice whic'a I ta *f*fc=£.
At tie conclusion of his remarks lir.
Crocker «as -_r..i : :- to 1<k»v- Ore i :..-.;
Iwfore si'ii-.r ha=<J* wtt!s the cro»«l» of
addlrers tr. i: throa«»vl about biia.
It was the ;asie tWns a* th« bea-iTzar
ters cJ the ?.-;::.: i- party on &ect>ci
street. Similar ; - .« ir ! sheets ras? out.
•:r.::l it seesietl as thot:?!) the Tw»aty
ef^htb District had gone csa<2. The nre-t
is.g tu preskJed over by Wil^asi Har
rtestoa astl VTa'ter MeCasiey. asd boti
these gmtlestn had :.-.-:r r. -r. i> fc!l ta
restoring crder.
Crocker opened his address by teHisy a
Joke •:-. h:rr.--rlf which '.— rz? l:\zt~.y •»-¦-.
the Crtesdshlp o? the crowd. la part h«
said:
I tax* heard «tcr:e» ta tie »^e<n thai I a:a
-.¦:: "..-^i !-. this part of Saa r n-c:*-— : I have
be-a fiM that jria aad I ccu'.-i errer b» Irieads.
That dt titrr-sts lie la other parts «f ti«
rttj-. acJ tiat. slsrcld I «rer a?yeax befcr» yot,
I -* i. ; be -.t^-i- .-.v recetTed.
JxaJci=Z fcas ti* r*eeptisQ I have recsiTe»J
fr?r* tit» er«-si=«. seat^asea. Ciesc stcr!«s
Save not beea srjb»tJ2ti»5*«l- I am afraid tia
rcn haTe t*m I»-l ta fc<»a*Te that I - > » al
ways b#e» r^X a^i that I ¦£> boc fc»» w&a:
ii ts ta wcri asi haT« sot ycur ta:rr»«s at
bcart. ,
T*ac*<p at^ries ar» tala«. fcr J fc*T* Iwea f imd
t» work »a^ ttv» an tie utaalSceat
::c- cf MO a - --• - ¦ I_i .*;:*r >
Mr faiier fcrseslit nse sp f> apsj»eia;e tS»
ral^e of a -ieriar. aa-J. s*ntJ«aea. I? yo*j say
I have ac(3^:sla:«<>! wealth. I wocld ''Him'
rca that nxy emb*? mas made fer feard wsrk.
Th»r» ts co iia ja 5aa ?raaci»co who is sscr«
wUltry te iJEi. isce^T ta gg;>r;rtae.» »^»-» l_
a=.t I :-: = :» ay , »«: rtor-1 will • -i— 3 ter
ltttait>
TTSat nwneT I fcav» =iai» r =a't» ta fan
.•:-!>.¦-«-. *~-: I ~±_--±.- -ri: a ~i - -» - ¦»
rji'i tJs* «siotat cf rsctsry t.'tat I haxe «.-. --: i
be wUEes t» aacrlSee nro rears cf tia UTa t»
th« i»tr»rTr*2t cJ ais ni^isitfpailt?.
Otlsers who spoke were G. Vaa der
Kaine=. Dr. J. I. Stephens and G-crg«
Dietterie. all of wbosa expresseti their
keea destre- that the Republican ticket h*
elected froca top to bottom.
Governor Pardee
Sends Loyal
Message.
Political Canard Is
Denied by
Citizens.
Workmen Greet
Nominee With
Warmth.
Standard Bearer
Visits Three
Districts.
Dirigo Club At
tends Gather
ing in Body,
Greatest Meeting
of Campaign
Is Held.
THOUSANDS OF VOTER S CHEER HENRY J. CROCKER
AT UNION LEAGUE RALLY IN ALHAMBRA THEATER
THE FA2s FR AS CISCO CAkl*, JTTrEsbAX. OCTOBER 27, 1903^
5Tcwnsend's California glace fruits . antf>^
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic flre-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 22) Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main KML *
The football season is in , full r blast. \ From hundreds of
college fields come the cries of victor and janquished and
the giants of the gridiron are the heroes of the day. In.a
galaxy so brilliant it -is: difficult, -if not invidious, to choose
the most distinguished; but, everything considered, Annapo
lis seems easily to have the best of it. In a recent game
one of the players was crushed and mangled and died on
the field with his honors about him.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived: From San
FranclsccH-Mrs. W. Andrews, at the Nor
mandie; Mrs." P. J. Anne, at the Grand
Union; J. Baker Jr., at' the Herald
Square; H. R. Berrord and wife, at the
Albert; Mrs. C. B. Dean, at the Norman
dle; H. I* Doleman, at the Continental;
S. W. Elerman, at the Hotel Savoy; 3. B.
Fox and wife, at the Herald Square; J. c!
Gibbons, at the Hotel Imperial; J, Herr
mann, at the St. Denis; V. G. Hush," Mur
ray Hill; F. H. Kelley, Continental; S. A.
Keystone, Miss J. G. Keystone/ at the
Bartholdl; A. Lachman. at the Hotel Im
perial; D. L. Randolph, at the Manhat
tan; J. T. Randolph, at the Netherland; J.
J. Smith, at the Hotel Victoria; Mrs. C.
Walker, at the Manhattan. From San
Jose— E. -G. Northrop, at the Victoria.
From Santa Barbara— E. _F. Smith, at the
Herald Square. From Los Angeles— F. W.
Balrd and wife, at the Bartholdi; T. D.
Duke, at the Continental; ' Rev. B. W. R.
Taylor, at the St. Denis. From Redding—
A. Wyndham, at the Broadway Central.
From Rialto— R. J. Carruthers, at the Na
varre-
Rough on the Ladies.
Maybe if women were not so busy with
their mouths in another way they would
really learn to smoke.
When a woman aaya a man treats her
brutally she means she can't make him
give in in an argument even.by crying.
When a woman brags about a thought
ful, child she has she means he forgot to
pull its talfcout of the cat that morning.
The man who got up the theory that
you can save money by being married
must have been the same idiot who start
ed the fiyinz machine Idea.
Nothing makes a man feel so queer
when the minister calls as to hear his
wife tell him all the signs their father
has noticed in the children of a very re
ligious spirit.— New York Press,
"To the President, sir— to the President
sir," exclaimed Mr. Shaw. "But I - clear
forgot to tell him to say nothing about
1L"— Omaha Bee.
"I have stopped talking to you fellows
about the plans of thisy*department,"
bluntly declared Secretary Shaw to a
newspaper frierfll the other day. "I know,
of course, that I can-trust you, but I have
learnea that it is better not to talk to any
body when I am maturing an important
movement. Now, take this last refunding
operation of the treasury, Involving $20,
000,000. Why, man, I said nothing to any
body about that, and still news of it
leaked out before I was ready for it."
"How did It get out?" asked the news
paper man. ,
The keen gray eyes of the Secretary of
the Treasury twinkled. He screwed up
his face until it looked like a funny mask.
"That's what I'd like to know," he said"
"Do you know," he went on to say, "since
I come , to think It over I do remember
that I wrotfe one letter about It." I
"To whom?" insisted the Inquisitorial
journalist.
Don't J^now the Breed.
Not Always Such.
A new patrolman of the Fourteenth
district furnished excitement galore a few
nights ago among his brother officers in
the sleeping quarters at the station nous*.
During the stillness of the night all hands
were awakened by his pounding his foot
violently upon the footboard of the bed.
"When Policeman Cory gave the sleeping
man a shake he pounded the louder, and
then eried out Inrl voice rich with brogue:
"Will ye get off the track,* cr must I
leave me car to put ye off?" Theft the
new officer awoke and. explained that he
had been a motorman for a number, e»C^
years and was simply' having a dream of
his trolleying days, when drivers who re
fused to leave the track were the source
of frequent trouble.— Philadelphia Record.
It's Morgan's.
I came to a stream with a turgid tide
Full twenty miles long and half a mile wide.
The water was flowing at Lou Dillon rate —
The volume increased with Us gathering gait.
I asked whence it cam*, as it fumed o'er the
rocks.
And a man said: "Ifs squeezed out of ship
building stocks —
It's Morgan's."
I flew up to heaven; St. Peter looked glum
As though be was waiting- for some one to
come, :
Extremely unwelcome. He held In his hand
A notice to keep off the bright golden strand.
I thought 'twas for me, and I squeezed out
I a tear,
But Peter said kindly: "Taln't yours, never
fear,
It's Morgan's."
I went to the only place left; I saw
Some fellows with coal grime on brow, cheek
and Jaw;
They stoked Rt an oven of wonderful size —
The light from its mouth reached - naif way
. to the skies.
I said: "Whose is this that ia heated so hot?"
And Satnn aald. laughini: "Well, just like
¦ as not
It's MorRan'a."
* — Baltimore American.
WITH the recent organization in New York City of
a Postal Progress League, enthusiastically indorsed
by many of the leading merchants and publishers,
a notable step has been taken toward attaining the desired
parcels service... A campaign will be vigorously prosecuted
both in Congressional halls and out in the interest of the
establishment of a* domestic parcels post department of the
United States Postoffice similar to those now in operation in
over thirty countries of the universal postal union. Opposed
to the movement will be the united strength of the express
companies, who see in the proposed addition to the work of
the postal service a measure prejudicial- to their interests/
Judging by the success of the parcels post system abroad,
the United States Government, with its lack of a parcels
post, is distinctly behind the times. ; In 1880 Germany estab
lished a domestic system and then called a congress of repre
sentatives of the leading powers to form an international
parcels post union. The union was formed, and from time to
time new members have been admitted until at present there
ire thirty-five nations in. the league. Within its own boun
daries Germany fixed a charge of 6 cents for any parcel
under twelve pounds for: transportation of not more, than
forty-six miles: for 12 cents, a like weight can be delivered
to. the farthest limits of Austria. ." Switzerland went still fur
ther, carrying eleven pounds to any place in the republic
for 8 cents and providing an indemnity of not over $3 for
delays in delivery. \
So long as the United States Government contents. itself
with parcel post treaties with Germany, a few English de
pendencies and republics in Latin America, to the exclu
sion of the system from its own territories, just so long does
it remain a laggard in postoffice efficiency. By combination
among themselves the private .express companies who now
handle parcels are enabled to demand air the traffic will bear
without let or hindrance. The efficiency of their service de
pends entirely upon t^jeir^respectrVe. managements. In
sparsely settled communities their service has little or no re
liability. -,...'- ; -
The Government alone can insure a safe and i fair parcel
delivery. It is for Congress to decide upon the last step
which will place the United States. Postoffice upon a par with
those of the powers of Europe.
Music on Tap.
Classical musio, at one cent an hour
will be on tap at Music Hall next week!
beginning at 8 o'clock Tuesday night. It
will roll forth in great waves, like steam
from a laundry, and ambulances will be
on hand to cart away those that it over
comes. Camillo Baucia. an Italian, will
produce it. The producing will be per
formed upon an Inoffensive grand piano
which will be Insured before- the fest be
gins. Camillo is the champion Graeco-
Roman and catch-as-catch-can long-dis
tance piano player of the civilized world
His hands are like hams. His fingers are
like belaying pins. At Music Hall he
will play for fifty hours, and, setting
aside an occasional glass of mixed ale. he
will take no nourishment from, start to
finish.— Baltimore Herald.
A MUCH NEEDED SERVICE.
HORSE CARS-A. D. E.. City. The old
horse cars on the Mission street line were
first operated July 3, 1S69.
CONTRACT MARRIAGE-A Ueader
City. Contract marriages are no longer
recognized in the State of California.
An Oakland woman is suing a railroad company for $5500
damages for the loss sustained by her in the amputation of
one of her little toes. If this be considered a fair valuation
for that much of one of the gentler sex, Oakland 'ladies, taken
as wholes, come high. . It would require the resources of
nothing less than a corporation to pay. for one.
the daily newspaper man en-
g Joys experiences that are novel, is
borne out by some of the stories
told in the local room between assign
ments. At 2 o'clock one morning, when
the fog was so thick that you could not
see the name of the streets printed on
the lamp-pQ6ts, a telegram was received
from an interior town that a prominent
official had been killed while hunting.
The news had to be broken to the family
and the man doing late watch was told
to jump into a carriage and get some
"dope" on the deceased.
\ He grabbed the first four-wheeler in
sight and did not notice that the driver
had been imbibing. He gave him the ad
dress and settled back to get a few winks
of sl<?ep, but was awakened by the car
riage coming to a standstill. He got out
and as he glanced around he was sur
prised to see headBtones and monuments
on every side. He looked up and found
"cabby" fast asleep. In an instant he ap
preciated the situation. The driver had
fallen asleep on the box and the horses,
believing they were going to a funeral,
hadf leisurely trotted to the burying
grpund.
NAVAL ORDNANCE— A. O. 9., City
Naval ordnance carries five miles and
over, but the outside limit of efficiency is
four miles.
MARRIAGE NOTICE— Z. Y. C. City.
There is no law in_ California that re
quires that a marriage shall be published
in a newspaper.
A Reporter's Late
Detail Proves Itself
a Dead One
T T 7 HILE Mr. Randolph Hearst is making a tour of
\/\/ the South and giving his own opinion of his own
V ¦• merits in his own newspapers Mr. Arthur Pue
Gorman is working like a blacksmith to hammer out a
Democratic issue for next year upon which he will ask for
the Presidential nomination.
It- must be confessed that Mr. Hearst's campaign re
sembles that of John Alexander Dowie. He may be called
the Dowie of American politics, since he continually puts
his preposterous personality forward and languishes in his
own arms, intoxicated with his own charms and absorbed
in petting himself. But Mr. Gorman is not that kind of a
politician, for he is not compelled to buy newspapers that
he may see his name in print. He knows a lot about poli
tics, and one thing, well learned in his interesting career, is
the value of prejudices as an influence upon the American
voter. •
... Senator Bob Toombs said to a young friend who was
ambitious to enter politics,. ''Remember,. Jimmy, that in
getting votes one prejudice is worth a thousand reasons."
Mr. Gorman needs no instruction on that point, and, after
looking at all the shelf-worn goods in the Democratic store
of issues, concludes that there is another campaign in the
"color line." He will take high ground for a white man's
government, and appeal not only to the South but to .the
Northern States where there are negro voters. He thinks
that the campaign should be a personal one, aimed at Presi
dent Roosevelt.
If the Democratic party have friends, they should pray
for its delivery from Mr. Gorman. The issue he proposes
is not one of reason and principle, but of prejudice and ex
pediency. It of necessity brings Senator Tillman forward
as the chosen party leader, for he has made the issue in ad
vance of Mr. Gorman. He has declared that if necessary
every negro in the South must be shot, "just to teach them
their place." What steps will Mr. Gorman The
negro is now efficiently disfranchised in the South, and the
Supreme Court has held that the question is political and
not judicial. That being true, there seems to be no way
in which the disfranchising clauses in the constitutions of
the Southern States can be reached by any external author
ity. So what does Mr. Gorman, propose, except a campaign
of abuse and prejudice against a defenseless race that is
already deprived of political power?
Does he want to follow disfranchisement with massacre?
Or does he want to deport the race and get rid of it finally
and forever? " He may rest assured that the country will
not listen to a campaign of personal abuse and misrepre
sentation of the President, nor will it be diverted from the
great problems of government by Tillmanesque tirades
against "niggers." If the Democracy have a pojicy in re
gard to the negro question, let it be stated, that it may be
judged on its merits, as a policy, to be, passed on by the
people. If Mr. Gorman can phrase such a policy to go into
the platform let him do so. The country is in no temper to
indorse the Tillman issue, nor to back a party that appeals
to prejudice and tl\c spirit of lawlessness and disorder.
If nothing better than murder can be offered as a_solu
tion of the race question, and murder is what . an ; appeal 'to
prejudice will mean, Mr. Gorman ; would better strike' work
on his new issue'and quit his job right where it is.
DRESS SUITS— Reader, City. There Is
no certainty when the swallow tail coat
of the present dress suit "came in." but
it appears in its present form on fashion
plates published in Paris, France, several
years before the French Revolution of
I7SS.
GORMAN, HIS ISSUE.
VOLCANIC ASHES— Subscriber. City.
Volcanic ashes are much of the same
composition as pumic stone, or nearly
the same as the primary rock formation
of the earth— principally silica and feld
spar, with a small admixture of metallic
oxides.
The selfishness of some women is past understanding. A
recalcitrant witness in Los Angeles, one of the weaker sex,
had to be carried to jail the other day on a stretcher and
announced that she would rot in jail before she would ap
pear in court. She had absolutely no thought. of the incon
venience to the other prisoners if. she carried out her threat.
By 'Albeit Paysoii Tcrhvnc.
Athletic Expert New "Vork Kveninc World.
Author cf "MupcI<? Building." Etc. .
**>OXING is more than an accom-
A^[ plishment. It is a necessity. The
* ~ boy who has not learned to box
has not yet made his own acquaintance.
In other words, he is igT.orant <>f his own
muscles, hjs own powers or limitations,
and even of his own temperament. For
boxing teaches all these things. It
strengthens and lends deftness, speed and
endurance to the body; it teaches the
brain to think and to think quickly. It
teaches courage and coolness, and, above
all, it teaches the art of controlling one's
temper.
It you. as a boy, do not care to acquire
eil these advantages and many more
which follow in the train t)f boxing, then
I advise you not to study these lessons.
They will not interest you. But if you are
earnestly desirious of learning to box I
will gladly teach you. If you conscien
tiously foilow all the instructions I shall
give in these articles I can promise you
that you will be a clever boxer and that
you will, moreover, find yourself in far
better condition both physically and men
tally. Should you have any questions to
ask I shall be pleased to receive them ar.d
will answer promptly by mail. I shall be
very glad indeed to clear up any doubtful
points or give additional advice to all pu
pil« who will take the trouble to send me
ruch queries. I shall also be most inter
ested in hearing of any Improvement.
• • •
Before I begin on our first lesson I have
a word or two to speak to the parents of
my pupils.
I can almost hear %ore than one gentle
mother protest:
"I can't bear to have my boy learn to
fight. It's so vulgar and brutalizing."
My dear madam, 1 am not teaching
your boy to fight, but to box. There is as
much difference between scientific spar
ring and rough-and-tumb'e fighting as
there is between the music of a piano and
the music of back-fence cats. Moreover,
I have no Intention of allowing your boy
to become^ brutalized through these les
sons of mine. He will learn control of
body and temper, will learn to take defeat
and victory alike philosophically and will
learn to avoid rather than seek quarrels.
Is thtre anything vulgar or brutalizing
about that?
Or I can hear pome father scoff at the
idea and complain that If the boy learns
how to usre his hands he'll be in a fight
every day at school, with an attendant
bill for replacing torn clothes, as a cli
max to th» orgy. As I have said, the lad
who thoroughly understands boxing has
usually enough Eclf-confldence and self
control to keep him out of unnecessary
rows, and the boy who is known to pos
sess-such science is sejdom forced into
a fight.
Or come man whose memory dates
back to the middle of the last century
vill recall with disgust the "boxing
matches" of that day, wherein men play
fully bit off each other's ears, b'roke bones*
r<nd in other ways demonstrated their
.!t!e to membership in the brute creation.
That boxing in those times was brutal no
one can deny. That it is brutal to-day is
;alse. Even prize lighting. (a far cry, by
the way, from friendly boxing) Is in
finitely less brutal ¦ under modern rules
than is an ordinary football game. Three
men are killed or permanently injured on
the football gridiron where one receives
:\ Jike fate in the prize ring.
Let your beys take my lessons. You
owe ft to them to allow them to develop
their bodies to the highest decree. In
no other way can this be done as readily
and as surely.
And now let me go back to my boy pu
pils.
No boy who is not a bully will seek a
fight. But no boy who is not a coward
will elink s^way .from a fight when he
cannot hoijorkljly avoid the conflict.
President Roosevelt, who fought his
way to the top of life's ladder, has crys
tallized this idefl in a speech he made
Fome time ajro before a mother's conven
tion. He «ald: *•
"If any of you mothers have a boy who
¦will not fight on good provocation, that
boy is not worth his salt. He is a cow
ard. Train your boy to use his fighting
instincts on the side of righteousness.
But punish anything like cruelty. Punish
him when he abuses his strength."
That is better advice on the subject of
self-defense than L: could have written In
ten pages. *
And now let us stop lecturing and get
down to work. In the first place, you
cannot be a good boxer unless you also
go through a few other simple exercises,
observe a few health rules and map out
your day Into a regular routine.
In the first place, you must leave to
bacco alone. . Second, you must drink no
alcoholic liquors. This is not mere advice.
It is a hard-and-fast rule. If you break
it you can never hope, to be an athlete.
Tobacco will ruin your wind and shake
yi>ur nerves. . Liquor has no equal as a
wrecker of constitutions. This isn't mor
alizing, but a fact that universal expe
rience has borne out.
Eat heartily of plain, wholesome fare.
Avoid fried or fatty foods, eat sparingly
of sweets. Sleep at least nine hours (ten
hours would be better) out of the twenty
four. Go to bed by' 9 p. m. if possible.
See that your bedroom is well ventilated.
Take no violent exercise for half an
hour after eating. Avoid anything that
can weaken or injure you. So much for
health rules. (But bear them in mind, for
each is important.) \
Now for exercises: When you get up in
the morning, go through the following
simple calisthenics: Lie flat on your
back, rise slowly until almost at a sitting
posture, then let yourself sink slowly
back to the ground again, repeating tins
maneuver ten times. Then, standing up
right, rise on the toes twenty times.
Next, bend forward as far as possible
(keeping the heels together all the time)
without losing your balance. Do this ten
times. Then lean backward as far as pos
sible the same number of times, and
then for each side ten times.
You may, if you wish, also go through
a five-rr.lnute maneuvering with very
light dumb-bells or Indian clubs. All this
time take long slow breaths with the
mouth closed. Then, at the conclusion of
these exercises, take a cool (not ice cold)
bath, remaining in the water only two
minutes at the longest and "rubbing
down" with a rough towel. Dress qu'ckly
to avoid taking cold. Go through same
calisthenics just before going to bed at
night. Later I will give you fuller direc
tions for exercise, diet, etc., but the fore
going will do for the present, as I sup
pose you are anxious to get the gloves
on. *"-•
Find some other boy of about your own
age and size and make him your "spar
ring partner." In this way you will both'
learn more quickly. Box together, giving
and taking friendly criticism whenever a
false move is made, and studying to im
prove yourselves and each other.
For outfit (if you do not care to buy a
gymnasium suit) wear an undershirt, an
old pair of trousers and a pair of rubber
or canvas soled shoes. You can buy a
good set of boxing gloves (eight-ounce
gloves are best) for anywhere from $1 50
to £5, and as your partner shares the ex
pense this is a remarkably cheap price
for the fun and instruction you will get
from them.
Having secured your outfit, you will be
ready for the first lesson, .which will ap
pear in next Friday's issue.
(Copyright, 11XKJ, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
JAMAMBUXES— Subscriber, City. Ja
mambuxes is a name given to certain
fanatics in Japan who roam about and
pretend to hold converse with old Nick.
They scourge themselves severely and
sometimes refrain from sleeping" for sev
eral days in order to win the odor of
sanctity. They are employed by the peo
ple to discover articles that have been
lost or stolen.
/T WOULD seem to the average news
paper reader that about every act
which could possibly be construed as
cruelty had been made a factor In local
divorce suits, but one of the city's lead-{
ing*attorneys claimk to have come upon
a wholly "unique case. The lady was one
of the prettiest and best known de
butantes of San Francisco a few sea
sons ago. "She walked into my office one
day," Bays the attorney, "and startled
me with the announcement that she
wanted a divorce from her husband, who
Incidentally is a great friend of mine.
"She asserted demurely that he was
cruel to her in that he kissed her too
much. I was dumfounded, but grasping
at the chance that the tingle of the
orbicularis oris in her case might be so
acute as to cause annoyance, I asked if
the caress was painful. She smiled a
sweet 'no.' I then inaulred If he failed
to chew cardamon seed. She beamed
negatively again. I had to pass.
"She finally averred that her spouse's
aggravated osculatory, habits were' having
the 1 effect of destroying, the Grecian
curves of her lips. I Informed her. in
refusing totake the case, that no sober
minded Judge would condemn her hus
band for doing what was irresistible. And
I'll guarantee that she only wanted to
have the matter come up in court so
that she could show those same rosebud
lips to the public through the news
papers."
*% CTORS' CHURCH ALLIANCE— A.
A., City. The secretary of the
¦^ Actora' Church Alliance of the
United States is at 275 East One Hun
dred and Seventy-sixth street, New York
City. Right Rev. Henry C. Pctter, D. D.,
LL. D., is the president. The purpose of
the alliance Is to establish closer rela
tions between church and theater and
ministering to members of the dramatic
profession.
Answers of Oracle
to the Questions
From the Curious
By George Frederick Wright, 'A. M.,LL.D^
(Author of "The Ice Ajre In North America." "Man and the Glacial
Period." "Asiatic Russia," etc.) . <jy
/N the study of nature as elsewhere, familiarity
breeds contempt. The most effective natural forces
•work so silently and so constantly that we are in great
danger of not being: properly impressed by the magni
tude of their operations. A drop of water is. a small thing,
and each one accomplishes but the tiniest amount of
work, yet, as a "continual dropping" will -wear a stone, and
as the drops of -water which fall upon the earth are in
numerable and come down in constant succession, the to
tal work accomplished surpasses the highest flights of the
imagination.
The amount of water which falls from the clouds and
flows down to lower levels in river beds and torrential
;- 4. streams varies greatly in different parts of the world,
snd in each locality is greatly affected by special conditions. In a moun
tainous country the slope is so steep that nearly all the rainfall finds its way into
the stream beds, and comes down to the plains in torrents after every shower 1 or
every melting of the snow upon the summit. The effect of these torrents is pro
digious. Stones many feet in diameter are rapidly rolled down the steeper slopes
and even carried far out upon the plain, ar.d deep gorges are rapidly worn in the
solid rock. One will find great accumulations of bowlders spread out upon the
lowlands about the mouths of all mountain streams.
The most impressive of all gorges produced by* river erosion is that of the
Grand Canyon cf the Colorado, which for 300 miles flows in a channel of Its own
cutting 6,000 feet (or more than a miie) deep; while tributaries from either side en
ter it through narrow gorge? of equal depth. On the Pacific slope there are many
other river gorges approaching; this in magnitude.' Both forks of the American
River have cat gorges through FOlld slate from 2,000 to 3.000 feet in depth. The
oanyon of the Merced River, where it flows through the Tosemite Valley is bor
dered with perpendicular granite cliffs from 3.000 to 5,000 feet in height; while the
Grtnd Canyon of Kings River is from 3,000 to 7,000 feet in depth, which the river
has cut in hard granite.
We have been accustomed lo speak of such gorges as produced by "convul-'
sions" of nature; and there are many chasms in the earth's surface -which have *
been produced in that manner, of which the valley of the Jordan is a conspicuous
example. But the lmnressiveness of canyons produced by the steady action of
e lower causes is even greater than that of those produced by a sudden convulsion.
When one reflects upon it, however/ the process seems very simple, and the ef
fects not at ell extravagar.trfor geological time is long. If a river saws, down
through the rocks and lowers Us bed a foot in a thousand years (which is almost
Inconceivably slow) it would produce a gorge 1.000 feet deep in l.OOCMWO years;
whereas if it lowered its bed a foot Jn 200 years it would produce a canyon 5,000
feet deep in 1.000,000 years. We can easily imagine the rate to be many times
n:ore rapid. In comparision with, the river gorges which we have mentioned that
below Niagara Falls seems very insignificant and of very recent date.
The Niagara gorge, extending from Lewiston up to the present cataract, is
bat seven miles and a half long and about 300 feet deep; yet this is all the work
that has been done by that mighty river since the drainage of the great lakes
began to flow in that direction. Recent surveys have shown that the falls are
wearing back at the rate of nearly five feet a year; thus showing that. If the
present forces have been in operation constantly, this cataract cannot be over
7.000 or P.O00 years old. The Falls of St. Anthony at Minneapolis have worn back,
for the Mississippi River, a narrow gorge of similar length and dimensions and at
about the same rate. If the other gorges mentioned show by their vast extent
the great length of geological time, these gorges Illustrate by their diminutive ex
tent the rtcency of some of the most marvelous events in geologic history.
(Copvricht. 1SXJ3, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Every Parent Should Permit His Sons
to Study the Manly and Healthful Art of
Boxing While They Are Yet Undeveloped
CAPTAIN JIMMY MILLER, bar pilot, denies it.
The qther pilots, however, take their shipmate's de
nial sadly and, with right hands raised, aver that
only Miller's modesty stands in the way of a frank
acknowledgment. - *
It happened, or didn't happen, according to whether
Miller or one of the other nineteen pilots tells the yarn, on
board the saucy cruiser Pathfinder, on which Miller makes
his cruises. v >">.-
Captain Miller prides hifl%aelf >a his strict attention to
business and on his methodical habits. When he goes to
Bleep at sea, in order that there may be no standing on
the order of his acting should circumstances require his
presence on deck,. the pilot so disposes of his wardrobe
that he can shift from pajamas to pea Jacket without any
undue waste of time. To. save the time necessary to pull
on boots or shoes Miller has provided himself with a pair
qf wooden sabots which on retiring he places in a parttcu-^ ,
lar spot at a certain angle so arranged that his feet fall Into place as he clamber^
from his bunk. \
The night of the occurrence or non^occurrence, according as before mentioned.
to who tells the yarn, Miller had been speaking of the perfection to which he had
brought his plan for making the quick change. He praised himself gently, then
Jess restrainedly, and was fairly beaming with self approval when ho rolled in be
tween the blankets and lost himself in dreamland.
"Come on deck quickly, we are in trouble," rasped in through Miller's dreams.
A strong hand shook him until the shaker was assured of the shakee'a con
sciousness. Miller was left alone. i
A few minutes later those on deck heard a/ hoarse, fear-stricken cry gurgla
from the depths of the cabin and float out into the night.
"Help! I'm paralyzed. For God's sake, help! help!"
All hands hastened below 1 . Miller was standing- by his bunk clutching a pair of
pantalod^r He was pale and serious. Cold perspiration rolled down his rugged
cheeks, corncob pipe lay lifeless at his feet.
"\ '<Boys, ; I'm done for. Can't lift a foot. Can't move an inch. Am all right
from the waist up. It's paralysis."
"Lift your foot out of that wooden shoe, Jimmy," volunteered a grinning pilot.
% What Miller/ said when he found that his wooden shoes had been secured, to
the deck by three inch screw nails is better described than, ( repeated and better
imagined than described.
Miller still denies that It happened.
The other nineteen raise nineteen weather-beaten hands and in chorus say,
, "Sure."
Too Many Kisses
Spoil the Curves
of Grecian Mouth
SAN FRANCISCO has been in anti-Republican hands
for sev?n years. Every candidate for Mayor elected
in that time has been supported by the Examiner.
That paper has not always supported the Mayor after ins
election, for sometimes the Mayor has refused to give it
what it wanted, and then it has snapped gild snarled at his
heels. But for that period the Examiner has in one way or
another supported every Mayor that has been elected, and
to get for him votes has emitted a string of promises as
long as a comet's tail and as easily seen through. -
That paper is again in the same business at the old
stand. Not content with making promises it has descended
to a vile personal attack on Mr. Crocker. We use the word
"descended" for convenience merely. It is not descriptive of
the Examiner. That paper does not have to descend to do
foul things. It merely has to stay where it is. On Satur
day it professed the greatest anxiety for the closing of pool
rooms, of side doors to saloons,' of back rooms in drink-*
ing places, and declared that this will not be done if Mr.
Crocker is elected Mayor, but that he will continue to make
of San Francisco "a city of saloons and gambling joints and
brothels."
. In the. first place, it is in order to ask why any work in
the moral administration of the city is left undone after we
have been seven years under Mayors of the Examiner's
choosing? The Examiner says "the . struggle is still on."
Why should it be? Why have morals made no headway, in
the last seven, years, with Examiner Mayors in office, and
the whole city administration in their hands? Instead of
libeling a decent citizen the Examiner should be giving an
account oft the stewardship of its Mayors and explaining why
a single back room and side entrance is left as a lure to the
innocent and unwary. •
The Examiner's man, Schmitz, has been Mayor for two
years. Nothing has surpassed the cordiality of his relations
with Hearst and the Examiner. He even went into the
campaign for Hearst in New York fevhen he was the candi
date of the stews and slums for Congress, the favorite of the
bawds and cullies. Now Hearst says that Schmitz has
left the town wide open arid that Crocker will. leave it so,
while Lane will close it, airtight. AH that is one side of
Mr. William Randolph Hearst's attack on Mr. Henry J.
Crocker. But there is another side to it that i tnay.be treated
with less patience. Mr. Hearst closes his personal attack
on Mr. Crocker with this paragraph:
"Now which do the voters want? The choice is' with
them. Mr. ; Crocker has made his promise .to the tender
loin. Mr. Lane has made his pledges to the home. What
do the moral teachers of the city think of the situation?
How will ihey advise their followers to vote? The Exam
iner does not believe San Francisco is ready to surrender
itself to the gamblers and brothel mongers. We do not
want a wid^open town. If you are for decency and moral
ity, for right living and home protection, Lane's the man."
Men whose children bear their names and are not reared
by the actors' or other charity fund need no moral guardian
ship by Mr. Hearst. Mr. Crocker is a decent and upright
citizen, Whose domestic.- virtues stand out in sharp contrast
with the practices of Mr. Hearst. Their paths lie apart, as
have their practices. Mr. Crocker's leads to .his home, his
accuser's to the nasty trail of a moral leper. " /•-.->
The people of San Francisco know the effects of evil
example, and they have not forgotten that all good fathers
and mothers breathed freer when the worst moral pustule
we ever had burst in New York! They do not look to that
source for moral guidance. They have tried Examiner
Mayors for seven years, only to have that paper warn them
as an expert that the city is morally fiithy and can only be
saved by electing anfcther Examiner Mayor. They want no
more of that kind, and will resent this virulent and libelous
attack on Mr. Crocker by. making his majority the largest
that has been cast in a city election.
PRINCE VICTOR NAPOLEON, pretender to the
throne of France, has sent out from his so-called court
at Brussels a plaintive plea to be allowed to-shift from
his shoulders the claim to sovereignty which is his and to
return to the land of his birth, there to die as a citizen of
the republic. He declares that, though he may be the head
of the Bonaparte. family, he has no rights to dispose of, for
it is only' through' the will of all France that he could ever
mount the throne; he is only the natural candidate for an
Emperor. Now that the misfortune of birth has condemned
him to eternal exile, which can only be commuted by the
grace of the French Government, the homesick Prince would
feign put away foreve'r the dim shadow.of the first Napoleon's
ermine if that would propitiate the pmvers of France.
Just one hundred years ago Napoleon Bonaparte wa3
First Consul • of France. Arcola and Rivoli had been
fought. The St. Bernard Pass had been crossed. Mantua
had fallen and the puissance of Austria brought to dust at
Marengo. Already the terrible hand of the little corporal
had begun to mold the map of Europe. England across
the channel was frantically building her wooden walls to
keep the Corsican from leaping /the ditch. Master of the
finest army in the world, complete despot of a country in
toxicated with the delirium of military success/ and, like
Alexander, believing himself to be. a god, Napoleon, was
already reaching for the purple of supreme empire- (
Now with a century gone the world is treated to the
pitiable spectacle of a shadow man seeking to. renounce a
shadow throne. Mewed up in Brussels with a handful of
faithful followers, having scarcely enough cash to keep the
kettle on the fire', hungering for a sight of the Paris from
which he is interdicted^ the last Napoleon becomes the
humble suppliant. Prince Victor never saw a battlefield; he
knows not the least rudiments of government; he is a stran
ger to the French people. He knows grand 'opera, how
ever, and can be at ease in a literary salon. They say he
can ride with grace. But the weary years of waiting and of
hoping against hope, hoping for one of France's sudden po
litical changes of heart which might carry him to the throne,
have at last broken this unfortunate wisp of a pretender and
he has now given up the fight. '
It is not at all probable that Victor's piteous request will
be granted by the Deputies. From the time when. Louis
Napoleon resigned his position/ on the London police force
and went over to the coast of France, there to let fly a
moulting eagle and draw his grandfather's sword, French
republicans have been distrustful of things Napoleonic. It
would seem, however, that they need have no fear. The
Bonapartist faction is about dead through senile decay. So
long has the Third Republic now-stood. on its feet that what
was accepted as a compromise in the dark days of the Com
mune has grown to be a reasonably stable Government. The
unfortunate Victor would probably cause less commotion on
the Parisian boulevards than an American millionaire seeing
the town.
How Captain Jimmy Miller, Bar
Pilot, Was Suddenly Stricken by
Paralysis— A Truthful Yarn
Water's Amazing Erosive Power
Cuts Precipitous Channels in
, Granite Through Ages of Time
AFTER SEVEN YEARS.
A SHADE OF EMPIRE.
INSTRUCTIVE ARTICLES
ON INTERESTING SUBJECTS
BY CELEBRITIES
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 27,^1903.
THE SAN FRAN.CISCCX fQAIjfc
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . . ... .Address All Commtiaications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office "<^||||^> ™ rd and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY *...... ~". • • • • .OCTOBER 27,, 1903
The Cabinets of Italy and of Norway. have resigned and
have given up the problem of goyernment to those that
may find it easier of solution than they did. The patchwork
makeshift of Balfour evidently impressed them deeply with
the opinion' that to compromise in an assertion of authority
is to lose the very thing sought to be preserved.
Selling out till 30th; best eyeglasses, gpeca. 20c
to 50a Look out for 81 4th, front of barber. •
6
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESMrs. TV. A. B. Rapsey*s German puptts
gave an entertainment last nig-ht at Mis
sion Turn Verein Hall. Eighteenth street.
which attracted a very large aad repre
sentative audience. The programme was
replete with choice fnstrc-nental and vo
cal numbers and recitations. The pop&s
of Mrs. Rapsey proved to be most capable
musicians and readers^
Mrs. Bapsey's Pupils Capable.
Our Trade 'Winner.
Gests: « 50 shoes for CSat Herman
Lesser" s, 515 Market st_, opposite Masca. •
Alcazar.
Scmeho-r cr other these Icnj; rwerd aa!
trailing clcak plays do not seem t»- thrm
Uie they useil to do whea tbe revival
cf th* roTSJitic ia things literary and
dramatic held the public five years a*fo.
Too rsary flowers cf ksishthood have
come to fun bloom and too easy gen
tlemen cf France have trailed their ra
piers ta th« books that have come and
•rece to make t*s«se plays of the oidea
tisie the popular thln*rs that they once
were. But at the Alcazar this week there
is aa excellent revival cf a pLay of this
type that has always been a hit with
those that still cllryr to the *rood old
rwash-buckllny romances.
~~Co£er the Red Robe"* Is a fair ex
a=-> of tae kins' s palace aad falr-daxa
sei-ia-d!stress s«rt of play that calls far
a tall and good lookir.z hero !n top bocts
that can carve his war to his lady love's
heart by stress of his good sword— and
last nixht the hero's sword was a bit
rattly from l^nsr confinement In the cos
tcraer** recia. It Is no new play to Saa
Francisco, bat the old Aicaxar first-night
ers gave It as hsarty a welcome as tiey
Signer Antonio Decf-oo. a phecomenal
clarionetlst. who was with the band two
years ago. w2! p!ay an adagio and taras
telle at the matinee, and Signer- Palasa
will Flay the Mignea rornama 'X'oiinala
tu le Pays" la the evening. The old fa-
Torites to be given are "Tannhauser"
and "Carmen."
I- the pro grammes to- be given next
Monday afternoon asd evening at the Ai
hambra by the Eilery Band under Its new
director, Chiaffarelil. appear a number of
selections not before done here by the
company, aracng which may be named
"La Boheme." the magnificent sextet from
Donizetti's **n Poliuto"; Gounod's **Bac
chanale." from "PfcEeiaon et Bauds**;
•"Romania."* from Thomas' "Mignoa"; th«
••Prtnce cf PUsen." and an entirely cew
overture entitled "La Faudtiila delle As
turie."
Ellery Band Programme.
Fischer's.
The Paraders** Is still the feature at
Fischer's Theater and Is drawing tig
crowds.
Ccltrmbia-
Rcbert Edescn ia "Soldiers cf Fortune"
Is in his second and last week at the Co
lumfcU-
John TVorld sad Win-del Kingston, the
well known comedian and comedienne.
made a sreat hit at the Chutes at both
performances yesterday. Mathews and
Hcff. singers and instrumentalists, of
fered a novel turn, and the violin solos
of Phoebe GIbscn were greeted with ap
plause. The Yerxas varied their contor
tion feats; the Freeze brothers, tambour
ine manipulators and solo dancers, dis
tinguished themselves, and May Lamson.
the popular contralto, sang new Illustrat
ed songs. The moving pictures were un
usually Interesting. The amateurs win
appear en Thursday night.
The Chutes.
WRITS OF ATACHMENT.
TTrits cf attich=«r:t w«re iss^:»<2 res
?er^ay by iL J. Keeler against F. A.
Eareeert for the m^rs. cf 53050. sad by
L. Jaccb! a.ta.'.=.st Ticras Price & Sons
frr the e.i=:"cf Si:00.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2S.-The Icteraa
tlosal Butcliers* Ucioa has noti2«d the
strikirc batchers !n this cfty that they
¦will receive a sum of money weekly dur
ing the p*riod cf their fdlesess. The
struggle is therefore nkeJy to b< one at
endurance. The CouEdl of Labor has ad
vised against sympathetic strikes on the
part of cutters, engineers, drivers, cooks
and waiters. Xatlosal Representative
May of the Butchers* Union >•»« Investi
gated the local situation and indorsed the
strike. He declares the union will fight It
out with the !ocal wholesalers.
Lcs Angeles Defeats Seattle.
SEATTLE. Oct. »». — After **—*?- r ni2«s«a
stralffit raia*3. a=<J harts? tie tw«=tietlt yase
weU la haad. tie tacxls w»si t» pteces to--iaj
a=d presented Lc» A=r«;»s wttli th« pus«. Gray
pitched steadier tall tfcia St. Vrata a=d jet
better r=jport- Score:
J» XT T"
battle.. 0 2 © ? C 0 0 1 0— * » 6
Lcs A = r-:-;« 0 0 0 2 0 4 0 1 0 — ~ Ift 4
Batteries — St. Vral=. 5a=pJ» a=<J Brers;
Gray asd Sjles. tinpfr. — Lery.
3CELO. Me-. Oct. 2«. — Oocstr Attatuej Bar
gia. has beea -otti-^i of the oiurder of 3<rs.
Ctarles Wjrnia at Kts^sborr. nrelre Eiles
frosi GaCicri. No details were Kivea.
S.VN DEGO. Oct. 2a. — A new Kar=*t t=l=«
tis be«a dlscorered sear tbs Sasta Uar^orfta
raach fa tiis eoaaqr. aad Mostroeserr M.
Itocltcti. the discoir»rer, has fll-sd three cla2=».
He has already takes oct a Qsastity at the
reins.. -which are «io-s-tz~ cp fa ai:g3.-^a^ee.
Batchers' Striie "Will Continue.
A-iam r-aur., a carp-enter resiling tn Rsd
Eluff. JL>-i a petition in insolvency yes
terday in tie United States District
Court. He ewes r.Ct and has $300 assets.
Ir^clvent Carpenter.
CentraL
Wh-n a drams, as eld as "Uncle Term's
Cabin' can draw such packed houses as
tlM Central Theater contained last night
aid raise tie audience to tie highest
pitch cf enthusiasm it is palpably plain
that Harriet Beecier Stowe's play pc*
s««s*s elements that will make it live for-
Tie productlsn it the Central U en a
mamrr-oti scale. There are one hundred
people in tie cast and in the plantation
and levee scenes fifty colored people take
part and render famous plantation melo
r"«~ la chorus Tie scenery is all new
and is superbly painted and tie version
c* tie drama la the same as was used in
William A. Brady's late New York re
vivaL It is, on tie whole, tie most stu
-«r;dous presentation of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin-" e% f er seen in this city. There are
five acts and twenty-cne cianges of scen
ery. Bad after each act tiere were re
peat?! curtain calls.
Tie tig chorus of darkles was an Im
mense hit. In his favorite role of Law
yer Marks L- R- Stockwell was a whole
ccmedy in himself. His facial expressions
alone are tie veriest mirth provokers and
frcm tie time tie lawyer's nerve is tested
in tie pursuit of Eliza until he rides his
donkey down to tie Le«ree plantation on
a mission trat redeems his reputation he
had tie house in rears of laughter. Stock
well Ls cn» of tie best actors ever seen In
tie part.
But tie merriment was not all pro
duced by Lawyer Marks, for Myrtle Vane
as Topsy made a distinct and notable suc
cess, and Maggie Leavy as Aunt Ophelia
filled tie bill to perfection. Ernest
Hcwell as Uncle Torn furnished an Im
personation tiat was convincingly effect
ive, and in tie character cf Little Eva
the Central has a child actress In Baby
Martine tiat Is uncommonly bright and
remarkably beautifuL
Hersciel Mayai! has the strongly heroic
though brief part of George Harris, and
he made a telling success of It. while
Eugenie Thais Lawton as Eliza, won thun
ders of applause In the sensational escape
across the Ice-bound river pursued by
bloodhounds. Henry Shumer made Simon
L*egree realistic enough to draw down the
wrath cf the gallery and send shudders
through the audience. Genevieve Kane
was a su^eib Casaie, a part that always
commands admiration. The whole cast
Is meritorious. Among the specialties in
troduced are singing and dancing by Myr
tle Vane. Hazel Pcrdy and TJ?r^ n Le^vy
and melodies by the Southern Quartet.
"Uncle Tom's Cabin'* at the Central The
ater is a tremendocs success and should
have a record-breaking run.
Despite tie fact tiat a chapter of acci
dents served to signalize a first night,
tiat James Durkin dropped everything
he laid his hands to and that sea? of
the stage stairs tireatened immediate
collapse at every strain, the cast pro
duced tie play in flee shape. Particu
larly pleasing was Miss Block not «niy
for the stunning effect cf some new
gowris but for the very winning picture
she gave of the "truly" heroine. None
tie less attractive as to gowns and art
was Miss Starr.
Mr. Durkin did not have to stir him
self greatly — there is little chance for act
in? In this clden time.»hero business. It
was tr> Fred J. Butler, who played the
dumb servant. Cien. that tie chance for
real work came and he did it admirably.
OAKLAND. Oct. H.— At the meeting cf
tie Baptist Ministerial Union held at tie
Oakland T. M. C. A. Monday morning
Rev. Madison Slaughter of tie Calvary
Baptist Church delivered an address on
"The Sunday Evening Service." which
was very generally discussed. Arranfe^
dents were oerfected for attending tie
State convention to b* held tn Fresno this
week. The delegates will travel on the
chapel car "Emmanaei" cf the American
Baptist Publication Society. This car has
been stationed at Pcint Richmond for
some days holding evangelistic services.
It will be attached to tie 8:30 Southern
Pacific train on Wednesday morning.
Lunch will be served en board and divine
service will be held en route. Rev. and
Mrs. Hermiston, who have charge of the
car. will be tie hosts and a large party
of ministers and members will be guests.
would have tendered a likewise hackneyed
"down Ea«t" shew. The efforts of the
people on tie stage well merited their re
cerjtion.
"Will Attend Convention-
cr.ti:r«! =.c=:«rii arrvr«. I know frocs =t h«art
that I itall r-ti^e th« ca^tl"*- c' *~ery imiiz.esa
— -] - tius city; I will have also th£ b« •v'.r.g
c=!y i«rr» a Jr»I r-^^=^=t *cr the city at
this ti=se. I tc-i^k toa very ==c±l.
Zz- aulirnre started tD lea-re Trb*n \Ir.
Crc-:i:«r concluded h_s ypeeci. but re
tUTTTf^ to t&cfr >^;a*-« wh-en Jofige Bairs
«ma Istmtoccd. The candidate fcr Asses
5 r i.~. DOt waste any time, but took 'zp
Cbe iwPfiF fa befcaH of the car.'iidates on
the ticket ar>i la his own behalf, and in
aa instant had his audience lau^hine and
tliT"* 1 g fcr him. He d»nc™r.c«fd as a
r~j «--j'g~. lie tie statement made by an
«v*nir.g pap«=r r iat he tad entered into a
c-rmpacr wtta tie Cirfcrn Labcr party. He
also der^ed tiat he was miking a salccn
and gutter irht for elettfcio He saii he
ha<J r^rt ertere-i more than t?n salowna in
isit. h* was simply meeting tie votexi
tA Sa.n Francisco as any other candiiiate '
might do. He to'.-i cf the rapid growth cf
tie "Bairs' Vc!-=nteers" ar.<2 cf his abso
lute confluence m his coming election. K»
ticugit tiat tie pecple cf San Francisco
would net allcw Dr. VTasiingtsn I>?<i^»
to have a third term, as tiey ia.i already
•h<?-wTi in pest electicns tiat tiey did not
believe in a nn mcncpolixin^- an office-
Tie Judge ypcit* at leaxtb and aroused
tie greatest enthusiasm. The meeting
ti-:r tWJifl 1 "** As the people filed out
tie kand z'js.Te£. a patriotic air and tie
greatest meeting cf tiis campaign was
ever.
Cc=.tir.z.ed jTtctt. ?3.£T* 5, Co1t:~ti 7.
A meeting of the Regular RepubHcan
Club of the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict will be held Friday evening at Aus
trian Hall. Sutter and Powell streets.
Henry J. Crocker and prominent speakers
will address the gathering.
Fortr-secoiKj Assembly District, santr^i
HaH. Geary street, berw-ea Hrie .*-.< Tj^h
Ttirtitti Assemfcij- District at Teatccta
Hall. Howtrf *tr«t. b*rwe«a X!ath a=d Tenth.
Forty.-fta Asse=:blT District, ai Waih.i=«taa
••riare Hall. Vafao a=d Siacitca streets.
Frliaj- er-alar — B*ar Ctsb at Pioc*«r w»n,
Focrti. stre-t. eff Market.
Thirty -second Assembly District »t Haxnic
Kai:. Sooth San Fraactfccv Foort-seati and
Railrcaii «Teac«9. aad jo tat rcilT of tht
TJUrtr-first acd Tiirty-*eccn»i Ajscb&It dis
tricts a; the Potrera Qcxra-Hoase. Ojateesta
azi Tennessee streets.
TSicrstfay ni«M — Twecty-cintlr Assembly Dis
trict. *t MantarttA Hall. Perry street, be
tweea Ftnirti and FUti.
' Other meetings will be held as follows:
TVetirteaday ci«it— BaIIt nader tie aasyices
of tt< German AcerUaa Re?cbUcaa Club ax
tie Attambrat- Tteaxer.
There will be an Afro-American League
rally at Apollo Hall. Speeches win be
made by the young orator Marc Anthony,
S. G. WIckiiffe. S. C Rogers, S. M. Da
vidson and ill the candidates.
RF.PT~BT.TC A V T^AT.T.JTy
Campaign Committee Announces
Deconstraucns for the Ticket.
This evening three Republican rallle*
wCI be held.
The exeeutivs committee cf the United
Republican League Club cf tie Thirty
seventh District has arranged for a grand
demonstration to be held at Pielps build
teg. 31T Devisadero street, between Page
and Oak. The entire second Cocr will be
utilized and several meetings will be held
simultaneously. Frank McGowan and
William J. Ruddick win preside. Ad
dresses r3 be made by Henry J.
Crocker. Duncan E. McXinlay. Arthur G.
Flake. E. L Wolfe and all the candidates
en the Republican ticket. There will be
vocal and Instrumental music.
In the Thirty-ninth District, at the h-*H
at Ninth avenue and H St.. addresses will
be mad^ by the eloquent Jud C. Bruaie,
J. T. Nourse. C. M. Fickert and all the
candidates. A glee club will render cam
paign songs.
"There Is no cans* fcr secrecy !a this
wfD. Mr. Stoddard seems to feel that
everytwdy should have been Invited in
when It was written. Bat that Is not th«t
way wins *re prepared- People Co not
publish them, nor do they perform their
kindnesses In that manner. During the
campaign ns«* like counsel for the con
testants declared that I did not know the
law, that I was no lawyer at all. bat now
he has just paid me the compliment of
sayin- that I am a lawyer. Let htm make
every presumption that can be alleged
•gainst a lawyer In such a situation.
There Is no evidence that Mr. Bennett
ever consulted me upon law matters.
Our friendship was personal, political and
tn the way of business."
In the remainder of bis speech- Bryan
discussed Bennett's iseturn to New York,
where he executed the win. placed It In
a *axe deposit vault and left It there
without alteration for three rears, al
though he had every opportunity to make
s^cb. changes as he might have desired.
He concluded bis speech of more thaa aa
hoar's length wttb. a trCmte to Be&nett's
character and to his memory.
"It Is Inctnnbent npon me to respond to
s<j nrnch of the arstiment as comes un
der th» brad of facts. There has been
ncthlng of the presentation of evidence
to justify ns In the expectation that the
will would be attacked en the ground of
undue faith. If It had been known mat
that point would be presented we should
have presented testimony on that point.
There was no such Intimation In the tes
timony. But I am not surprised at the
language csed by Jodge Stoddard, nor
surprised that he has sought to draw spch
Inferences as he has. I wrote the widow
the letter that I did becaase I believed
In other causes than law. I aia not stir
prised that he falls to comprehend the
Interest In my principles which my friend
Bennett felt.
Bryan arose to his feet as Stoddard
concluded, and In stillness that was all
most oppressive began speaking. He
said:
•That sealed letter speaks falsely, for
It do*s not tell the truth of the arrange
ment between Mr. Bennett and Mr. and
Mrs. Bryan. A solemn letter addressed
to the wife of Mr. Bennett secretes from
her the fact tiat JM.OW was going to the
wife of this man. Why was It? Did It
enter Into their calculations tiat Mrs.
Bennett might object? Mr. Bryan knew
perfectly well that the provisions of that
section of the will are proscribed by law.
In the Ehadow of her husband's death Mr.
Bryan made an offer to Mrs. Bennett tiat
when, as trustee, she should pay to him
the JS).W> bequest he would do certain
things set forth in his letter to her, read
In the testimony a few days ago- He
said he did not expect a contest. That Is
incredible In a lawyer writing himself
heir to $5>.€0*> In a friend's win. The let
ter which he wrote foreshadows that he
feared a contest. That letter introduced
here to-night, after the contest had come.
when it was apparent tiat he was not
going to ?et»that money, caused him to
make one last despairlne effort to get
that widow to permit him to do as he
pleased with the S9X.CO7.
"Except I saw It under his own hand
writing-. It wculd be Incredible that any
lawyer could write such a letter as this.
What ri?ht has Mr. Bryan tr> Intimate
that I am unfaithful to my client or that
I am unfair to my oath because of some
miserable difference tn political beliefs?
Why does he go behind my back and say
this to my client? He makes reference
to attorney's fees. To my mind. It marks
the morality of the man. It shows how
desperately he wwas driven In avarice to
get this S30.CC0.
"Another branch of the case Is abso
lutely decisive, and that Is the le^a!
phase of the question. This sealed letter
feature is a device that brands the whole
transaction. It won't answer under the
law that Mr. Bryan did not ask for the
gift."
"Is it any wonder then that when Mr.
Brvan found himself confronted wtth this
situation, when tht» matter came up be
tween himself and Mr. Bennett, he would
not permit Mr. Bennett to make provis
ions directly to his family? But this
sealed letter does not state Mr. Bennett's
wilL It states Mr. Bryan's will. It waj
to Mr. Bryan's desire that Mr. Bennett
yielded. Why, no man knows.
"Mr. Bryan would not have it and tie
reason is plain. Mr. Bryan Is a lawyer.
It has never b>een In this State, nor where
the Law controls, that a lawyer can
write himself br'r to a considerable for
tune in the will of his friend whic^i he
prepares. To permit It would be a dis
grace In any system of jurt3prudence.
The common Law cays that when a law
yer draws a will in which he obtains a
benefaction ie must show that the infia
ence which he exerted was not undue.
him to his wife and found sealed. Hewitt
cited law In support of the contention
that the will as found was valid in law,
and that o:her forms called for by rtat
ute had b*en followed.
Attorney Stmidard then began his argu
ment. After reviewing Bryan's tsstimeny.
?tven last week. Stoddard referred to
Mrs. Bryan's training in law and to tHe
fact that both Mr. and Mrs. Bryan are
lawyers. He said tn part:
"Mr. Bryan and his wife, with Mr. Ben
nett, arranged in Lincoln, Nebr.. a draft
cf this provision and framed this letter.
which ils-p-ys^l of SS&GQO of Mr. E*nnett'3
mon*y_ No member cf Mr. Bennett's
family was present or notified of the fact.
and no nian associated wtth Mr. Bennett
in his business was present or noti5<»d of
the fact. Mr. Bryan has told your Honor
tiat Mr. Bennett wanted to make a dif
ferent disposition cf the CO.G.O— to give it
to him absolutely.
Ccntinned Frosa Fage 1, Column 4.
THQUSAHDS CHEER REIBT J. CBQGKEB
It is s - : here tiat a cahinee council
is-e £ez.£#l to re;*ct tie proposed ap
pc^tment of assessors and otier meas
ures cf control s»t f->rth in tie Austro-
Bussixn rlan for ti<s fcettsrment cf wa
«iticns in Macedonia as tncoi3.pa.tlble
with tlie so-ver-'ei^ri ng-hts rrf tie Sultan-
Tie council agreed, however, tiat tie
oticr proposals were acceptable.
The G*TTr»" generals in tie Turkish
eervice. ABer Pasha and Barrfgtrb
Pisia. iaie ?>ne to Ser^s. wh*~ they
will participate in tie tn^uirj- int> tie
excesses cf the troccs.
The propose-i A uitro- Russian Jclnt
csundl for Macedonia ioes not meet with
tie aprrrvil cf i>r=i= s.= i Italian dip-
I;=ss.ts aj^i tie Pr>rte :s disj>oeeii to use
in crc>r t> i-:ay matters.
CONSTANTINOPI^E. Oct 3.— It Is ns-sr
announced that the military cemmanier.
Ahmet Pashs, and the Governor cf tie
P«>vtn=e cf AxLr. en the Red Sea. coast of
ArabU. were ki^ed as tie result cf a
revolt cf two Arab tribes against tie
i=^caltlcn cf a new cattle tix xnd tiat
*bo«=t 1X0 Turkish tr>:ps w»re tiled cr
wwunded. The rest of the TurKish- fsree
was routed. Fifteen battali a^-s of tr-jops
have been di*rj«.tci«?d tiiti-rr. General
Kady Pasha, feu be^n appointed com
mander In ciitf ani Gcvemcr of Axir.
Psrte Decid-a to Seject Certain Fea
tures cf Bsss^-ATistrias. Tha.
for Se
fensa.
Ahnet Pasha and the Gov
ernor Are Among •
£L^ the Slain.
The company will leave early to-mor
row meming- for Palo Alto to give a con
cert at Stanford University. It will then
cpen its eng-agement in San Francisco.
The concert had been promoted by the
Saturday Club, an organisation of Sacra
mento women, and they sent the prim*
denna a magniScent bouquet of season
able flowers tied with a gauzy pink fab
ric The orchestra of fifty pieces filled
the stage and for its first number played
Salnt-Saens* composition for the corona
tion services of King Edward, now first
brought to the coast.
"This Is my first visit to California,"
said J. S. Duss, the conductcr. to-night.
"although ilm«. Nordica has been here
several times, the last occasion being two
years ago. It is quite a risk taking out
of New Tork such a fc!g organization.
but we have been very successful. It baa
been something cf an experiment, never
theless, and we cannot tell how it will
come out until we conclude our tour in
Brooklyn. N. Y.. November 14.
"Ours is a purely concert organization,
and It addresses those who nave a musi
cian's love for art. wherea3 cpera. by na
son of the dranoaric features, appeals to a
wider class. I hope you will not consider
the remark a perfunctory one when I tell
you that we consider San Francisco the
most appreciative musically of any city
outsMe New York." We wilT'give four per
formances in San Francisco, while we
have given only two in the- other !ar?e
cities we have visited on this tour, which
will embrace fcrty concerts in alL The
orchestra is the same as that which I
have been conducting in Madison Square
Garden during- the past summer.
"As to Ncrcica. everybody agrees she is
now lost as good a singer, if not better,
than ever. I consider her better now than
ever."
SACRAitENTO. Oct. 2S-— lime. Nor
dica. supported by the Metropolitan Opera
house Symphony Orchestra, under the
direction of J. S. I>\iss, arrived in Sacra
mento to-clght, barely In time to £11 an
engagement at the Clunie Theater. De
lays above Dunsmuir had threatened to
make tha Sour of Mm*. Nordica's arrival
very late, but a special engine was se
cured at Red Bluff and she was brought
to tha city at a high speed. It was an
experience rather trying to the nerves cf
the ginger, but she was soon perfectly at
ease and delighted the great audienca as
sembled at th« theater.
ep*rf*I DtspcrcJi to Tt» CaTT.
ence was in mcod to forgive anything
except delay. StCL to show the people
-were not tired with the performance, but
wished more, it ma.y fce said that It was
i- the last scene that Trcmi«n was thrice
* "Un Balio in Miscrera" cuxht to be giv
en c'fner. Its demand for many leading
vaiceVis cm reascn that two years may
elapse b-etween its appearance on the bU^
Cor a rsa cf a few nights. It will not
»-^ck for attention during the present
week. Nothing mere enjoyable en the
w-c'.e has t*« gi v «3 fc 7 the Tivctl com
ps-TydcTinS the present season.
To CBt down the time cf actual per
formance the stage people had hardly an
Uistant intervene between the fourth and
S'th acts. The curtain was scarcely down
before it 35*— r^se en. Agostino and the
brief episode prec^iirLg the "masked tall"*
i:d the tragic stcry that it contains.
There was seme squeaking and shorin?
of scenery alo^? the sta^e while the nfl
enc* -craited. cueer noises that mi?ht
have destrcyed what stage illusion there
¦sras. but the -cur was late and the audi-
ilarchesinl was a dramatic figure In the
hut cf the astrologer. Her voice hia not
¦umiflifl richer during this season. Her
presence has not been more pleasing.
A^ostino sang the music appreciatively
and his vocal orsan responded to his
meeds with fidelity. Tromben had a night
cf real triumph. One scng brought her
three recalls- She was In gay spirits.
H«r -pnghtliness was Infectious. De
Benedetto "was et'-al to the demands of
¦grid* range, stro-g efTort and continuous
v_ari wrT-fc.' At times Travaglini astound
el ir the six* cf notes emitted by him
in his middle r^sirter. They might well
have cent- frcm a church organ for vol
™» and smoothness.
The mest Interesting la. etsry ci all
Verdi's c;«rss and one of the most tune
ful. !?Ua Balio In- iLaachera," was givea at
the Ttvcil last evening fcy as strong a
cast, taV J -"g all things into consideration,
as thz compiny Is capau*- of producing
this season. The array embraced Ayos
tmo as Ricardo. Gregoretti as Renato. De
Benedetto as xrr-.mttM, Marchesini as dri
es, Trcmben as Oscar. Tra.va«Iinl as
S*=.-el. Zani, Napolecni and Cortesl
were also en the •*.£;*- Here were the
leading tezcr, the great fcarytcne singer.
two sopranos, the contralto and the beat
basso in the company excepting Dado.
There was no opportunity to make a dull
performance with t<**« combination; in
deed. it was very far frcm that. On the
contrary, it gained steadily after the first
act in dramatic force and In lyric charm.
"Un Balic in ilaschera" is at once, a dra
matic and strongly lyrical opera.
The post cf — csor naturally fell to
Gregoretti. who has the most dramatic
miisic and the best so!o« in his score and
role. He was in fine voice. He was
hailed enthusiastically when he. first step
ped en the stage. Once. In the middle of
a solo, admirers in the audience broke in
with marks of approval. This premoni
tory warmth was r:ot allowed to become
less marked throughout the long even
ing. With all the solo work, and there
is much of it. which is cuite evenly
distributed among the principal singers,
the concerted pieces, the quintet, sextet.
etc generally speaking, the ensemble.
constitutes a leading charm of "ITa Ballo
in Maschera." The united eCorts cf the
stars cf the company were spiendidly ef
fective at times.
Much literature has been sent oat from
the headquarters In the First Presbyte
rian Church. Oakland, during the last
week, and already letters are being re
ceived In reply, which show that great
interest Is being awakened in the confer
ence, which will undoubtedly be the larg
est gathertns of its kind held In the West.
Gecrge P. LowelL who has in hand the
transportation matters, has askec for a
special rats for ail delegates, and It Is
proposed to bring special cars, if possi
ble, from several outside points. Speak
ers are to be sent oat to conventions of
all kinds to be held between this use and
the date of the conference to arouse en
thusiasm and to distribute badges and
literature.
. The entertainment committee has se
cured persons to act in all of the socle
ties of Oakland to obtain entertainment
for delegates. Entertainment will be pro
jlded for all those who make application
to the chairman. Ellis E. Wood, at Ieajt
one week prior to the meetings.
Th« general commltte« having la hand
the preparations for the great Interde
nominational missionary conference to- be
held in the First Presbyterian Chercis.
Oakland. December 4. 5 and 5. has de
cided to further Increase tha territory and
indede all the counties of Northern Caii
for nia In Its field.
Letters have been sent to all county of
ficers in these counties re<;uestlrt« their
co-operation in securing large delegations
to attend the conference.
mSIIOSS HOKSTT OF BBTU.
Gertie MHIer, Ethel Sidney. Connie Ed
<*!»•¦». Lydia "West. Edmund Payne- and
George Grossmlth Jr. again proved their
great pcP uiftritT an< * Henry Grattan In a.
caricature of Joseph Chamberlain made
a special tit.
WASHINGTON. Oct. tS.— Viola Allen
and company appeared in & revival of
Shakespeare's comedy. Twelfth Night."
at the National Theater to-night. There
¦sms a very fashionable audience present
and Miss Allen achieved a notable suc
cess in her first appearance In short
clothes.
LONDON, Oct. HL— With the produc
tion to-nisbt of *"Tfc« Orchid" G*orja Ed
wa.rtJ.es tmccesstuUr opened the ne-sr
Gaiety Theater. When the certain roa«
the house was crowded from Coor xo cefl
tus with well-known representatives of
the artistic world. King- Edward sad
Qaeen Alexandra were present and In a
box opposite them sat Sir Thomas Lip
ten, who was cordially greeted by tha
Kins- The play Is by Tanner, the lyrics
by Adrian Ross and the music by Ivan
Caryll And Lionel Monciton. Never In
the anrala of the old Gaiety have snch
gorgeous costumes and such an extrava
gant feast of color been witnessed.
Alcazar and Central Please
Large Audiences With
New Bills.
Concert Organization Ren
ders Melody to Delight
Sacramentans.
Interdenominational Mission
ary to Open in Oakland
in December.
Gaiety Theater in London Is
Opened Under Auspicious
Circumstances.
Serious Rising of Arab
Tribes in Province
of Azir.
Cast Is Strong and the
Music and Action
Are Pleasing.
King Edward and Queen
Alexandra Applaud
"The Orchid."
Entire Northern Part of
the State Will Be
Included.
Conductor Duss and His
Orchestra "Warmly •
Received.
THOUSAND
TURKS FA LL
IN COMBAT
NORDICA SINGS
AT THE CAPITAL
ROYALTY ENJOYS
NEW PRODUCTION
MUCH INTEREST
IN CONFERENCE
"MASKED BALL"
IS FINELY SUNG
THE SA^ FBAKCISCO CAIil/. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903.
Frank J- Grace's friends *re raa-kisjr &
szzozs C*&t for hixa. •
7
A T> VTrP-TT^TTM *•¦ -^ ' I*7fj.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
_— -;«J^SK Has been »ccc»«
>ffl>Wpft r-^y c«*,i t T !»a^-
*S^'c» foS* f*ahioa *;r =cr«
gj*g 1^ iv**j tiaa i5 yn.i.
RHf j^ -K~i«r»v*r a~?U^i
\Q *m" t it ts i=«ti- ".iy »;-
¦^5 J / «ort««l rJiroocix t&«
I a3d tts *»oo<lsr^3l
, V eatrltlca tttis CSm
f SXK0TJJIO
. J Ai U *T -n»g<c. as*
* *^Fo3»*r** Va arsltcatiott eftea
lyjjhf^jXy* tharwtzs a rssart-
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD ts pcattircly
tie csly cr*p*r*tlaa kmysra to gawtlcal »d«-c»
that wia rocad oct JtuUows la tfc* eeck asd
prod=e« Crcs. beal*ir Ce«ii ea ti±» check*.
usii and harart^. ">'" -^ .
TO a PKV K'-O^ 1 * 1 * TUX SUIT
Or brta»ts «tonii« Jrap B=rU=e JJ^" th«
fettbest tad3rs<o«st of pbys^taas. Two tciei
aw oft«a «=l2ri«st ta *«;« U» tost firo.
U^I-D 1 BT <t TliE EMFORTOt AND OTHX3
DEPAKTltlSNT STORES AXI> DRUGGISTS.
Peial*'- ortce. *i.d» » box. 6»K to an who
taSTS^iat*** oC tils SPECIAt. OFTEK asd
i^tai us on« dollar w« win sead twx» CJ boi-s. ,
la. ptaUx -wrapper-
F D pc — a oral' kx *sd oar book.
K D C"ART OF MASSAGE.'" ft*2y C5I»-
tn:«!i. vtn b« teat tree to *sj U ti sesd^z
10 cesta to car for =«t of rtailiag. A id.-*»j
' Always .Remember the FaD .Nfme
¥ 3xstrvc Cj^niiis
CorcSaCoWinOneDay. Grij> m 2 D«ys
ADVT3TISZ2EESTS.
|Mts. Anderson, Jacksonville, B.
Ra., dangfater of Recorder of
Deeds, West, who witnessed her
signature to the f oflowing letter,
praises Lydia E. Rnkham's
Vegetable Compound.
•*Diab H25. PnrniAM: — There are.
bet ievr Trires asd raothrrs -who haTe
not at ti=es esd=red ngtsnies asd s«h
py ; -^ ms otiIt TrcrsKi kno**". I trisi
Brsch. wc-s^a'lr-iew the -raise cf Lydia
E. Pinliiam's Vegetable Com-
pound. It is a TCtsarkable xsedicine,
ci^erczt in action iron any I erer
kserr asd thcro-iyhly reliable.
"I haTe «eea zcaoy cases trhere
•"¦yTrj**-! doctored for years without per-
Ibaa t2iree**=csths after taii*i? yocr
Vegetable Cc=pa=sd, while others who
were chrcrie ?*-d incnrable carry out
csred, happy, •-* ia perfect health
after & thorot^-ii treati=e-it witlx this
dediciTie. I hare Berer trsed it myself
withoct palsiii^ gTeat besefit. A few
doses restores oj strength &z& *??*•
tite, *»*>^ toses x? the estire system.
Yonr isecieise has bees tried asd
forsd tree, hence I felly eadcrse it."
— ~£ss. E. A. Ajtuzssos-, S25 Washing-
ton St-, JacksasTille. Fla. — tSOOOfwftft
tj m+$*et ef dcet itzttr pndaj f***tttstsa et»-
Ko other niedicine for woaaro has
reeeired srsch widespread aad caqrsali-
feed eadorsersest. No other tsedicine
t-»« ssch * lecord of cures cf female
Irjnfr*—- Befsse to bay any sshstitcta.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no on©
to deceive you in this. - Counterfeits, Imitations and
•* Just-a>-jroo<l '* are bat Experiments, and endanger tho . /
health of Children — Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Ofl, Par©.}
l^oric, l>rops and Soothinjr Synrps. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its a*re is its guarantee. It destroys "Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Whul
Colic. It relieves Teething' Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving 1 healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea — The mother's Friend.
The Kind You Me Always Bought
y* Bears the Signature of mmw gj
In Use For Over 30 Years.
tmc e t »-• u » eomuT. rr auaur timi. « r» T»«w ei — ».
COLUMBIA
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
NI»htIr. I=cft»i:=« So=dar- ITattaee Saturday.
Robert Edeson
<>ta=aj*=i«2it Heary B. Harris.)
Ia Rleaarf Harlis DaTta*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
Sast Versioc iT Artguatas Tic=as-
BE3GIXNTN-G NEXT tfONTXVT.
Ta« Marry Mssical Paatasr.
"THE STORKS."
the Famous R.-?s*bcd Gar4«ri G-^ls.
ALL. A21EKICAN BEAUTIES.
Ererr Stte« » Hmrer.-
SEATS READY THCF-sPAT.
CRAND 8S5§£
Fssr Wests— KOYEMBEa li ti 23*5.
Uatlaees Wtd a=d Sat. Eaci "W— k.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY. October 39. at 9 a. =. I
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Sro?*=<ioc3 Pzod^crSza cf Gereri: "WaZiace's
BEN HUR
Dra=atlzed tr "**^CI!a= Toc=«.
11_j:c bT E<i«ar StilTTnan Seller-
35O — Persons in Production — 35O
No Seats Lais Aside B<ror« O^«3i=j» Sale.
PRICES — *i Jl CO. U a=ii I3c.
Cccstry »=d Saiicrtar: Mail Ori-rs wtth r«-
rzittasees CZlexl la crier receivwl aiter sals
opens-
VFAV ACTS! FACES!
1^ «-» ?? sjarsATiosrs :
McWatters a-id Tysca; Golsmaii's
Dogs asd Cats; Three Sichazds;
Crawfcrd aad Massing; Wescsa
and Frank; ¦Waterbnry Brothers
and Tenney; Whistling Tora
Browne; Herbert Uoyd, assisted
by T.ttT|*«w Lilyan, asd New Motisa
Pictures.
Reserved Seats *3c~3alcccy Me
Box Seats aa-1 Oy»ra CSairs SO:
ALCAZAR "ras~
- Geseral Maaajer.
-H» srrtr Si3ci Corapaar a TrlnrrrgTi for
tie Alcasar,** — Says Tom Talk.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WESS ONLT.
UNDER £2-
THB 2*=^.
Vcjaiaa s
RED ROBE £S»«,
Ex*.. 23c to I3c; JUU- Sat. & Sa=-. Uc ta Kte.
vrOCT MONDAT — laaarsral ef t*»e Ants=a
Cfcr=e<iy Seasca wita GU>ttes Leuytlas Eit.
"TOO MUCH JOHNSON."
Aad StHl Tiey C«at-by ta# H=rfrs<5«.
Saav» Stery "-•« Nieit.
JTrifcE, F»/\t^/\Dt£R.SJ
Bst Ttts Is tie Last 'WeeX.
NEXT MONDAT NIGHT.
| KUBE*=> o-nci ROSES j
A -rery ttzmrr rsral cnslcal csDcedjr. Erery-
?vfrry &ev frota start to ficts!!-
Otjt -ATI-Star" Cast IaefcsdJax Kolb aai
Dta. Ears:»T B«r=ard. Wlcfletd BUX«. Harry
Hsratsea. M*«i; Aaber. Eleaaer Jeaklas.
Reserred Seats— N!s=». *Sc. 5<?c aad 73c
Satsrday aad Ssaiay ila^aees. 23c aad &>=.
ChlUirea at Statlsco. 10c acd 23c
in* Nert Beeltal cT tls<e SerJess Flasaed tor
Tti!s -Plater WI3 Be Gfrrga ca
SATCRDAT, OCTOBER JUT,
At 3 c- ex-. t= '-* t'nil Placs.
• STEETWAT KAl.I.
jre PEBCTVAI. K- VAN TORX -rtfl Bt»-
ttis at tie ziaao wtta tae atd e( ta* Aas«-
Mr. Herbert Williams,
TENOR,
T*nn fc» ti • soloist c * ta« occasica: C== ; a -
sectary tickrts =ij b* bad at ti* rtcre aay
t>—~ before tie reettal.
SHERMAN. CLAT * CO^
Sstter aad Kearar »ta». S.F.
rdidwc beaEtifol
j COURT Loongins
Sflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the !
n % PALM ROOM, the !
lirSflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U1 uuu LOR. and the LA-
U^X^1 M DIES' V/RITIKQ j
Ootels koqm-
1 * L t
TO-XXOXT
DUSS "IHHs*
ANT>—
J^OR_D]cJ\
Greatest *>¦¦¦.«;¦» ¦» E-rer G:t»s £3 T*si« Crj.
Seats, 51XO. S1JO. S3 ud C
GESXSAX, APHTSSTOy. O3TS HOTiTJB
T8-MCTrsi,f!d3!sdaj, < ?j?."Mtiiisjii3:t5
FT3S AXO "TRAN"SC>. SoioUta.
Prioe*. Stic ta COO Gesaral AisZamtao. SOOk,
UST CQHGEHTS
SKATS AT SHrTP-MOT. CTJ>T 4k COt «.
ELLERY'S
Royal Italian Band.
OPX2T3 f* t; "(^ suaiilT AJTT. »t 3T3O.
Pep. Price*. 50c, T5c aad ta
SSATS RTADY Tt>-lI-?.~ > .O-3r MO?JQf3-
T|\/AI I OPERA
8 I VU LI HOUSE.
NOTE— P-r->?rT=a=c-* Cc=r=e-jc» as S Bsars;
Sarsrlay L'i:::'i at 2 izxr;.
TO-2naHT^—
Ti-srsiay a=4 S^aday EtkSji, Sarsrlay
3tari3««.
,Gimia=o"s Great Ooers.
"ANDRE JCHBMER."
Weinescay. Frtiar mad S*r=riay J.'Ijrtt*.
Verdi- s E^tortaM War*.
"UN BALLO MASCHERO"
li'tuti *<iasxe^> 3.< :.:. >
NEXT WEES- "XU. rAVCRrTA.** "CAVAl^
LERIA"* aad "PAGI-ZaCCS.**
PRICE3 AS CSTAL— ZSe. 50s. T3ou
T»>;i--« Bssa ft.
Kattse«s Taxr-rfay asd Sat-sriay.
Secerrtd Wltil gart«Tra cf X«ax*st«*fc
TO-NIGHT...?£5 M
TTse Fassccs J* -j: ti: Fares Cssedy.
SPOTLESS
TOWN
I>sU5 St-s^sca. I>Ca Siaw aaj t C"-rrr
Ccxz^a^s ci Cfc=«dSars.
New S=r«s. Dxaces. E9«eta*tU9L
Bea.3tirsl GJrl CtorasL
BDTfPQ >»T«i:» 13c. *3e. SOe, T3«
rOllCJ Mati=*« 13c. S«. B0«
Beiasco it Mayer. Pi'-^rtet^ri.
Harket St.. Xear Ejtisi. PSoe« Soots 33X
TO-XIGHT— ALT, THI3 m££K-
MATTXEES SATTRDAT AXI> 5CNT>AT.
Va-arartJ Pro£3ct*«a oC
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
iec— psof*-e rx the cast— tco
CEonrs of za cotcsizz* peostx.
Sc3ti«r2 lltldla. Gra=«f Sc«=i: Exacts.
L. R. STOCXWEIX. as LJIWIO MARS3.
r&itU J£at=ee* 19c. 13c. *3«
TT-ei cf X5V. 2— "VAIXET FORSS."
/¦AblFORNiT
I 1 1 this vrzxrxl {LA
I ru=lest G»r=a= Cecs*4SLas Tl
~ 1 Tiat Et«t Ea-^p«3«I. m *
Mason and Mason
£3 Tbelr Grexs Far=£ca!. f?ok^.«as.
RUDOLPH AND ADOLPB.
Next -tes.-HAVERI.TS YTXXrUTTJ*
j, ,1 Wtta BIliT VAN. dm -A*-l^_
IHE.ATRU
JLVO A CSSAT SHOW EVERT AJ ±1*jLSQCB*
JLN D STVZXZXO ZS THS TSZIATES.
D0K*T rAnTTOSzz
THE COLORED BABY
la tit rS7AXT DCCCBATOB.
Lloa SJartax »»booii ta tto Zoo.
LOTS OF TVTi Pi THE PtMXt ASCAOC
AJ4ATETTH "STGHTTHITSSOAT.
ADMISSIO?*. 10c: CTT7TJ>a2*y. 5c
Wiea Yhczizx Ask f=r "Ta« Caste*."
JCoal Reduction
I American Cannel
¦ Sold by All Reliable Dealers.Major Ducat reports that the First
Regiment, encamped at Santa Rosa, did
Its work j well. He noted that the Fifth
Infantry, at Camp Warfleld, Healdsburg,
appeared to fair advantage, although the
camp was a little untidy, and the soldiers
had no chaplain, no target" practice and
no practice marches. Hats were worn In
all shapes and positions and the men were
noisy In town. .
These faults, he pointed out, • could be
corrected '. by the officers. , He remarks
that the Idea of serving claret punch to
the men after drill was an excellent, one
and there was no drunkenness. The ma
jor says Troop D, Cavalry,' encamped In
Los Angeles County, is an excellent com
mand. He also compliments the First
Battalion, Coast Artillery, which was en
camped at Stockton, but thinks the men
should do their own cooking and not hire
servants to do it. He says In physique
the National Guard Is not up to the stand
ard of the regular army. The report,
while in places slightly censorious in tone,
nevertheless generally compliments the
militiamen for being of excellent material.
C. D. Hauverman, C. E. Hyde. M. P. Hyde,
R. A. Thompson,' E. Stillman, \V. K. Sprott,
G. 'W. Smith, G. H. Clark, L. P. Bansbach.
D. Tarpey, A. J. Chalmem, A. A. Molflno.
T. Van Sickle. G. C. Jacobs, F. M. Wilbur.
H. W. Huskey, H. Shields. J. J. Monzinfo, A.
E. Preston. H. G. Butterfleld, H. P. Butter
field. E. P. Scott. A. T. Shine. J.. B: Stephen-
Bon. M. J. Weller, F. Lane. W. A. Paxton.
A. F. Fredrlckson. M. H. Spraeue. E. W.
Prentice, G. R, Stevens, R. S. Lewis, I M. H.
Voss. G. II. Lutgerdlng, J. F. Brennan. W.
H. Dole G. E. Dole, W. R, Scholfleld. A. B.
Packard L. K. True, W. P. Kelly, G. F.
8haner, C. F. Laumelster, R. F. \V*st, B: S.
Morrow, J. N. Stanford, W. B. Chandler. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 26.—
The following list of forty-seven football
players who are eligible to play in the
Stanford-California intercollegiate contest
according to the intercollegiate agreement
was to-day sent to the University of Cali
fornia by Dr. Frank Angell, chairman of
the faculty committee on athletics:
Stanford Football Eligibles.
NEWPORT, R. I., Oct. 2G.-Mr. and
Mrs. Peter D. Martin ran the risk of a
serious accident to-day to save a care
less wheelman from being oadly hurt. In
their automobile they dashed upon the
sidewalk opposite the Casino, escaped a
stone wall by only a few inches, and
while Mrs. Martin in great fear clung
to her husband's neck, lest she be thrown
from her seat, he guided the machine
safely around the bicyclist until he
reached the middle of the street again.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin were riding up
Bellevue avenue In their automobile when
a runabout . got In their way. Martin
turned out sharply to avoid It, but only
to find In; his path a man on a 'bicycle,
riding, so close to the vehicle that he
had not been seen. The runabout, the
automobile and the bicycle were going
so fast that neither could stop and there
was nothing for Martin to do but make
another sharp turn to the left, which
carried his automobile up over the curb
stone.
The machine struck the curbstone with
a hard bump and air. and Mis. Martin
were nearly thrown out. The* bicycle
rider' did not stop, so his name could
not be learned. Those who saw the affair
gave Martin much credit ror his plucky
and skillful handling of his automobile.
Mrs. Martin 'Vraa formerly Miss Lily
Oelrlchs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Peter Martin and Wife
Have Thrilling Ex
. perience.
Report of Government
Inspector Has Slight
Censure.
Seventh race, one mile and fifty yards, sell
ing— Mins Vera 100, Invlctus 109. Father Went
ker 112, Red Tip 112, Searcher 100.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Bestman
112, ConFtellator 112, Tower of Candles 108,
Colonel Van 102.
Fifth race, seven furlonga, selling— Midget
102. Malpalquet 100, Prestolus 104. Camulos
07, Tizona 10U, Ulm 102, Barbara 102, Rlxford
100. Max Bendlx 100, Dr. Worth 104, Isatwl
lita 104.
First race, free-for-all pace, $1000— Robert
I, Highball. Midnight. Oma A.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
all ages — Little Margaret 100. Cherries 114,
Fox Lake 94, Nona B 114. Hercules 114. Skir
mish 114, Esternell 114, Maresa 114.
Third race, seven furlonrs. selling— Loyal S
112, Wachusett 112. Sherry 107. Grail 112, To
lonlus 107. Myrtle H 112. Thisbe 112.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing, 2-year-olds — Eva D 102, Turtle 102, Annie
Marie WB. Leonado 102, Pat Bulger 105. Euge
nia B 102.
LOS ANGELES ENTBIES.
PRIZE-FIGHT ORDINANCE
IS NOT YET ADOPTED
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— An ordinance
to prohibit prize fighting in Los Angeles
was reported to the City Council to-day
by City Attorney Matthews. Representa
tives of the athletic associations and del
egations of women and clergymen from
various church societies were present in
the Council chamber. The matter came
up at the afternoon session. The ordi
nance was read and action upon it was
postponed for one week. The Johnson-
McVey fight, scheduled for to-morrow
night, will, therefore, proceed without in
terference from the police.
The ordinance, which is of a sweeping
character, is In part as follows:
It shall be unlawful for any person to hold,
conduct or engage In, or to be present as a
spectator at any boxing contest or sparring
exhibition in the city of Los Angeles; pro
vided, however, that nothing in this section
contained rhall be construed so as to apply
to any prize-fight Or sparring exhibition pro
hibited by nectlon 412 of the Penal Code of
the State of California, or to any private box-
Ing contest, with boxing gloves weighing not
less than eight ounces each, the backs of which
are padded with soft material.
It shall be unlawful for any person know
ingly to permit any room, building, place or
premises owned by him, or in his charge or
control, to be used, in whole or in part, for
the puroose of holding or conducting a prize
fight, boxing conteet or sparring exhibition,
or for any person to let any room, building,
place or premises, owned by him or In his
charge or control, knowing that the same Is
to be used in whole or In part for such pur
pose.
A fine of not less than $100 nor more
than $500, or imprisonment, is the penalty
for a violation of the proposed ordinance.
DAN PATCH TO GO AGAINST
MILE BECOBD FOB PACEES
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Oct. 26.— To-da> "s
programme at the Driving Park was do
void of special feature. Major Delm&r,
the two-minute gelding, was carded for
an attempt to try for his own record, but
ow ing to the prevalence of a strong wind
the event was postponed until to-morrow.
It was also announced that Dan Patch
would go against 1:57^. the mile record
/or pacers, to-morrow. Summary:
2:21 j>acr>. purse $1000— Directum Mjiler won
the recond and third heats In 2:03%, 2:094.
Line of <if>ld won the first he*t in 2:C«ii.
Ancuf Pointer and Doable Y. also started.
2: 15 trotting. Magnolia stake, purse <2OO0
Mar<>tto won two rtraipht heats in 2-<N»;
'2:*rs\ t . Jay McGreror, The Questor, Dilloii
lioy and Ton*n also started. ,
2:25 trot, purse $21(10— Cathode won two
nraight heats In 2:15«4. 2:14^4. John Cald
vell, liaraja. Kirkwood. Anna Gay and Great
irj'irit also utarted.
Tret to vaeon. amateur drivers — Ida High
wood (Mr. Pmathers) won two straight heats
from O-org* Muscovite (Mr. Gaj-lord). Time
-M^l'i. -:li)'«. . .
Purse Winners at Latonia.
! CINCINNATI. O., Oct. 26.-Latonla eum
roary:
First r*c*. n:x furlongs — Naulahka woi
Dave Sommers second. Barkeltnore third
Time, l:15«i.'
Second race, five furlonc" — Edna Shannon
won. Hal Lowrey second, Vallaninibla third
Time. t:02y.
Third race, one mile — Flora Bright won.
Chickadee w^ond. Flaneur third; Time, 1:43*
Fourth rmce, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — E\-a Moe won. Fallela second, Itaca
tiara third. Time, 3:07.
Fifth race, five and a half furfonss — Keren
»on. Circular Joe second. Eheboygan third.
Time. 1 :10.
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yard* — Mos
krto won. Bud Erebry second. Frank M third.
Time, l:i5H-
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED
Monday, October 26.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
MISCELLANEOUS
SEATTLE, Oct 26— The stmr Centennial, pre
viously reported ashore 3. miles south of Alki
Point, will probably float at 10 o"clock In the
morning.
DOMESTIC PORTS
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Vega, fm
Golovln Bay.
Sailed Oct 25 — Schr Honolpu. for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Oct 2ft— Bktn
Koko Head, from Chemainus, for Shanghai.
Arrived Oct 26 — Br ship Arlstomene, from
Victoria. B C.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Al-KI. fm
Skwsway.
Sailed Oct 26 — Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway
•tmr Nome City, for Valdes.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2«— Stmr Minne
haba, from London.
J0BDAN EXPLAINS.
Says Stanford University Is Unpre
pared to Make Exhibit.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 26.—
The board of trustees of Stanford Uni
versity has decided not to make a uni
versity exhibit at the St. Louis fair: at
least, if Stanford is represented, it will
not be through a general exhibit, but one
dealing with some special feature of the
work here. President Jordan when asked
to-night in regard to the reasons for this
decision arrived at by the board said:
We have never exhibited and I have no
funds at my disposal for that purpose. "We
are not ready yet to make an exhibit that
would do justice to the institution, and shall
not be until the buildings are completed.
I referred the matter to a committee of tho
board of trustees and they thought it best not
to make such an exhibit until we are thor
oughly prepared to tiw so. I asked the com
mittee to consider the possibility of doing jus
tice to some feature of the university without
making a general exhibit, but the committee
has not reported a* yet.
There has been no formal refusal on our part
to exhibit except by way of default, if that
can be no considered.
MARSHALLTOWX. la,. Oct. 26.— E. O.
Spule, cashier of the Home Savings Bank of
Iowa Falls, accused of having appropriated
$30,000 of the bank's funds, was indicted for
embezzlement on three counts to-day by the
Grand Jury.
RISK DISASTER
TO SAVE A LIFE
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— According to an
nouncements made to-day by Secretary
Job of the Employers' Association, the
conference in Chicago of similar organ
izations will be largely attended. One
hundred cities from Maine to California
have promised to be represented when
the conference opens on October 29 for
its two days' discussion of the labor prob
lem. Large numbers of trade organiza
tions also will be represented, and Job
estimates that the attendance of dele
gates (Mm all quarters will aggregate
500. It is expected that a permanent or
ganization will be formed.
Delegates From Many Cities to At
tend Meeting in Chicago.
EMPLOYEBS TO C0NFEB.
One and a quarter mllesi selling — Chub 108
(I. Powell), 7 to 5. won: El Oriente 108 (Water
bury) 5 to 2, second; Cambaceres 112 (Hilde
brand). 4 to 1, third. Time, 2:07. Erne and
Admetus also ran. _
Five furlongs, selling— Mary Nance 112 (See),
11 to 5 won; Nellie May 112 IKunz), 5 to 1,
second; Roltaire 112 (J. Lewis), 2 to 1. third.
Time, 1:01 \i. Legal Maxim, King Dellis and
Florlata also ran.
One mile, selling — Heather Honey 105 (Kunz),
3 to 5. won; Miracle II 114 (Knapp). 8 to 6,
second; Dug Martin 106 (Hildebrand), 20 to 1.
third. Time. 1:42. The Miller and Position
also ran.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20.— Weather fine.
Track fast. Summary:
Six furlongs, maidens — Martin Brady 107 (L.
Spencer), 5 to 2, won; Honduran 107 (Tullett),
20 to 1. second; Bicycle 107 (Kunz). 3 to 1.
third. Time. 1:14%. Cannell. Cazador, Annie
F, Inspirator and Ismad also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling — Miss Vera 106 (I.
Powell). 2 to 1. won; Iran 104 (J.Lewls), 4 to I.
second; Teufel 10» (Frawley), 2 to 1. third.
Time, 1:23. Achilles, Frank Pearce and The
Toiler alto ran.
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Durbar 06
(Knapp), even, won; Metlakatla 96 (Chandler),
5 to 2, second; Nona B 119 (Henderson), 4 to
], third. Time, 1:08. Fleet, Hercules and 8tep
Around also ran.
THE SUMMABIES.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Don Domo, Clifton
Forge, Prince Silver Wings.
Second race — Ethylene, Charlie
Thompson, Potheen.
Third race — Ocean Dream, Henry
McDaniel, Never Fret.
Fourth race^ — Bondage, Dr. Steph
ens, Our Bessie.
Fifth race — Tokalon, Aggie Lewis,
Witchcraft.
Sixth race — Trentham, Bard Burns,
Baird.
WOBTH SELECTIONS.
Fourth race one and an eighth miles, han
dicap — Major Tenny K4, Potheen 87, Nitrate
102 Our Bessie 101. Dr. Stephens 97, Merri
ment 97, Bondage »6. Airtight 95. Cursus 93.
Postmaster Wright «2. C. B. Campbell i>0.
(Tenny and Potheen, Hildreth's entry.)
Fifth race five and a half furlongs — Witch
craft 10.". Tokalon 115. Aggie Lewis 112, Bella
Juan 103. Katie Powers 103. My Gem 103.
Sixth race one mile — Lee Stlnson 101. Bard
Burns 101, Baird 101. Jim Hale 08, Mandamus
BS Mary Moore 98. Harry Preston 93, Dutch
Carter 98 Trentham 9S, Frangible 08.
W0BTH ENTBIES.
CHICAGO Oct. CC. — Entries:
Firet race five furlongs — Don Domo 122,
Clifton Forge 118. Palm Reader 118. Father
Tallent US Enverite 100. Prince Sllverwlngs
100 Falerlan 100. J. P. Mayberry 106, Madoc
lu'i! 'William Parrifh 10-t, Badger Girl 103.
Second race one mile — Charlie Thompson
110 Ivernla HO. Benckert 110. Ethylene 110,
Wa'lr.amoinen 102 Jack Demund 101, Potheen
101 Whisky King 101.
Third race Fix furlones, selling — Never Fret
107 Mary McCafferty 105. Cardwellton KM, Sir
Hugh lO-'t Stemwinder 1<>3, Ocean Dream 102,
Henry McDanlel 102, Zlbla 102, Harvester 100,
Belle Mahone 97.
ST. HELENS, Or.. Oct. '26.— The ship
Two Brothers, which left here for San
Francisco a few days ago with a cargo
of lumber, is In bad condition, although
she will probably be able to reach her
destination safely.
The Two Brothers was at Vancouver,
Wash., for nearly two months, taking on
lumber. Finally it was decided to bring
the vessel to St. Helens and complete her
cargo, but a large part of the lumber had
to be unloaded to enable the vessel to
be moved. The vessel draws eighteen
feet and two towboats drew her along
the bed of the Columbia River where the
water was sixteen and a half feet deep.
After the vessel had been anchored here
for about three weeks it was discovered
that she was leaking, but the break could
not be located. The vessel then made
ready to pull out. although she lacked
about 200,000 feet of having lumber enough
to complete her 1.500,000 feet cargo.
Vessel Sticks in Mud on the Co
lumbia and Begins
Leaking.
SHIP TWO BBOTHEBS
MEETS WITH MISHAP
ARMY OFFICER
PRAISES MILITIA
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Larouge, Zirl, Tenny
Belle.
Second race — Tom Olney, Bugle
horn, Port Warden.
Third race — Optimo, Bear Creek,
Zella Knight.
Fourth race — Croix d'Or, Bessie
McCarthy, Taby Tosa.
Fifth race — Pettijohn, Aladdin,
Captain Gaston.
Sixth race — Qua Lanka, Dolly
Gray, Pearl Diver.
Sixth race, six furlongs, purse. 3-year-olds —
D. L. Moore 102. Prince Eugene 105, Pearl
Diver 307. Second Mate 110. Ous Lanka 102,
Doille Gray 107. Hudson 105. Feronla 102. Red
Olla 107. Mayor Graham 102, Sid Silver 107,
Will Shelly 105. Dcnzll 107.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Kingstelle 80, Taby Tosa 103. Bessie
McCarthy l»». Little Scout 115, Prosper La Gal
84, Crotx d'Or 105. Flintlock 112.
Fifth race, one mile, purse, 3-year-olds and
upward — Star Gazer 107, Jigger 107, Captain
Oaston 107, Ada N 107, Pettijohn 88, Aladdin
100.
Third race. Fix and a half furlongs, selling,
3-year-olds and upward— 8t. Vitus 100. La
cache 95, Zella Knight 10". Bear Creek 100.
Dr. Kammerer 103, Optimo 100, Commena 103,
Pepper Dick 105. Budweleer 1)5. Axarea 103,
Prue 100.
First race, six and a half furlongs, ¦•lllng.
S-j-ear-oldh and upward — Legation 105. La
Rouge 105. Eliza Cook 105. Tenny Belle 105,
Hindooner 10S. John II 105, Jimalong 100, Zlrl
105, Mynheer 111, Tom Collins 110.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
maiden 2-ycar-olds— Luclan 107, Always Faith
ful 101. Thank Heaven 100. Bandlllo OS, Tom
Olney l>$, Benton 100. Gold Spot 101. Kitty
Harlan 100. Bill Rye 100, Port Warden 10B,
Paracamph !<;<;. Buglehorn 101. Matinee Girl
10:t. Tower 100.
ST. LOITIS. Oct. 26.— Entries
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
The Polytechnic High refused to play
Lowell yesterday at the Presidio athletic
grounds. The "Pollys" claim the sub
final championship and therefore forfeited
the game. At a meeting Saturday morn
ing it was decided that Lick, Polytechnic
and Lowell should cast lots to see which
should play first. It fell to Lowell to meet
Polytechnic and the winner to play Lick
to-day.
The "Pollys" agreed to play, but pro
tested on the ground that they were en
titled to the sub-final championship. Her
bert Gould, president of the Amateur Ath
letic League, advised the team not to play
Lowell, as by so doing it would forfeit Its
protest. Mr. Gould, it is -said, exceeded
his authority considerably by such advice,
for, it is claimed, Polytechnic has lost to
Lowell whether its protest is accepted or
not.
The referee called game and the Lowell
team kicked off to empty fields.
Lowell and Lick will meet this after
noon.
Team Befuses to Play Ball and Claims
Championship of Sub-
Finals.
POLYTECHNIC LOSES TO
LOWELL BY DEFAULT
Former to Enter Professional Bing
at Beliance Club.
Local ssortdom. Is Interested in the
meeting to-night at the Reliance Club,
Oakland, between Joe Millet and Al Wei
nig of Buffalo. They will box fifteen
rounds and the outcome will be watched
with Interest, as the winner is likely to
be matched with the victor of the Fltz
simmons-Gardner contest. /
Millet is well known In local affcletic
circles and he appeared In many contests
here before he went to Honolulu. His
appearance to-night marks his advent In
professional circles and the bout Is s«re
to be a lively one, as his opponent is
known as one who can stand plenty of
punishment.
Millet and Weinig have trained faith
fully for the contest and there has been
plenty of betting. Most of the wagers are
at even money and it is doubtful if odds
will be offered either way.
The first preliminary to-nrght will be
between Jack Evans and Fred Turner,
the bout being for four rounds. The prin
cipal preliminary will be a ten-round con
test between George Brown of the West
Oakland Club and George Carter of
Stockton. Both men are looked upon as
clever and aggressive fighters and a lively
go is expected.
BAY CITY CLUB CONTESTS.
Good Programme Is Offered to
Patrons To-Morrow Evening.
The Bay City Athletic Club will present
a good programme of the manly art to
morrow evening at the Mechanics' Pavil
ion Annex.
The main event will be the contest, be
tween Joe Carroll. 115-pound champion of
the Pacific Coast, and Lew Powell. 125
pound champion of the H. A. C.
The other events will Include contests
between Al Elklns and Dick Cullen.
George Finnlgan and Willie Carroll.
Nobby Otts and James Keegan, George
Burke and Walter Needham and George
Cole and James Leary.
SNOW FALLS IN MANY '
PLACES IN NEW ENGLAND
Beaches a Depth of Mora Than Two
Inches in New Hampshire
and Vermont.
BOSTOX, Oct. 2S.— Snow fell for th»
first time this season in many places In
New Kngland, reaching a depth of more
than two inches In New Hampshire and
Vermont.
ALTOONA, Pa., Oct. 28.— Th« first
snowstorm of the season was experienced
In Altoona and the surrounding country
to-day. An Inch of snow now covers the
ground and the thermometer has dropped
below thirty degrees.
CUMBERLAND, Md., Oct. 28.— Several
Inches of snow fell in Frostburg and Lon
conlng to-day.
ALIEN MINERS ABE DETAINED.
Immigration Officers at Philadelphia
Hold Arrivals From Europe.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 28.— The local
immigration officers to-day detained nlns
additional miners who arrived en tho
steamer Noordland from Liverpool and
Queenstown on the ground of being alien
contract" laborers. They came from Wales
and England and were bound for the soft
coal mines at Ellsworth, Pa.
One of the miners. Rees Davies, is ac
companied by hia wife and three small
children. The miners admitted they came
here under the same promises of high
wages held out to the twenty-nine miners
who arrived here on the steamer Haver
ford last week and all of whom were de
tained at that time. Several of the men
are penniless.
MISSOULA. Mont.. Oct. 2«. — Th« Mix Hotel,
a Mlsaoula landmark, was destroyed by fire to*
day. J. H. Parroull of Mlssoula Jumped from
a thlrd-stery window and was fatally hurt.
MILLET AND WEINIG GO.
Three Hundred to One Shot
Almost Lands for the
"Pikers."
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Irene Lindsay, Mary
Street, Dramatist.
Second race— Irene Lindsay, Car
buncle, Wild Pirate.
Third race^ — Silver Dream, An
cestor, Missing- Link.
Fourth race — Embarrassment, Ros
tand, Stolen Moments.
Fifth race— Riverdale, Golden
Mallow, The Bowery.
Sixth race — Ethics, Duke of Ken
dal, Wild Pirate.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds— Strikealight 110, The Bowery
114, Neptunas 110, Golden Mallow 107, Duncan
l</"7. Southampton HO, Gananogue 107, Tap
lola 107. Bustler 107. Garnished 112. Nisks
vuna 107. Be!!e of Portland 110. My Alice 107.
Big Morgan 107. Riverdale 110, Parkvllle 110.
Sneer 1V7. Grand Vitesse 107. St. Roma 107,
Alforten 110, Briarthorpe 107.
Flxth race, one and an eighth miles, hand'
rap—Wild Pirate 102. Duke of Kendal 11*5.
Tribes Hill 102. Stolen Moment* 103, Sabtft
!*>. Ethics 00. Lord Badge 93, Warranted 9i.
Carbuncle 106. Florhatn Queen 112.
Fourth race one and a sixteenth mile*,
three-year-^'ds — Rostand 120. Stolen Moments
117. Wild Thyme 107, Gaviota 111, Embarrass
ment 120.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds — M.
Theo 112, Dusky «7. Silver Dream 105. Algon
quin U" Colleen Bawn 1(>5. Dimple 112. Esher
I>af Ji". Missing Link 07, Ancestor 97, Pal
l«>t»e I"-"'. Bandorilla 97, Komombo 97.
Beoond race, one mile, selling — Sweet Alice
1C5. Medal 10r., Oranesville 90. Blue Victor Utt,
Carbuncle 103, Klnnlklr.nic 103, Caviota 100.
Pt. Sever 103. Ella Snyder 90. Conundrum 10.'.,
Beverly 102. Wild Pirate 104. Payne 100,
Miladi Love 90, Equid 00. Gravina 100, Hood
wink 107. Irene Llndsey 105, Charmel 90, Ocla
waha 1C3.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Entries
First race. «_;'¦» furlongs, selling, three-ypar
olds and up — Mount Hope lOss. Clonmell 10;t,
Our Nugs-et 105. Dramatist Iu£. Presentation
105. Namtor 108. Eva Russell 105, Van Nes3
100. Bl«-rta 100. Foxy Kane 103. King Pepper
lilS. Alpaca 105. Prim-etis. Tulane 1O."». Right
and True 100. Mary Street »5. Irene Llnd
sey 03.
AQUEDUCT ENTKIZS.
FIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; 2-year-olds;
felling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 5— Julia M. lul (Itedfern) 1 2 1 »»
12 to 1 — A. Brennan, 101 (Farley). 6 1 2 3
«0 to 1 — Conkllng, 107 (Wilkerson). » 4 3h
Time. 1:01 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, A. Miller's br. f. by Harvest-Brown
Cactus. Second Sight 94, Vo Fan lint. San
P.rao 1<C Matanioras !>y, Rogian 101. Jaspar
101, also ran.
iHrunner) ...-. 2 2 2 s »
S«K» to 1 — Oiitkaiiy, KK) (Trouble). .. 5 1 3 h
Tinr. 1:01. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. J. E. Seagrav*'* ch. f. by Knight of
Thistle-Coruna. Eagle It*;, Escobar 104. Mor
della 5»«. At wood UK». Iiopeful Miss 'M, Wllli
ge&fce ya, Cythian HJj. Seagate 101, My Esther
1O4. Mali 103, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; 2-year-olds
Mlttns:
lietting. Horee, Weipht. Jockey. J=t. s i Fin.
40 to 1 — Scotch Plume. SK> (Connl) 9 3 1 h
3<«t to 1— Belle cf Belle Meade. »4
FOURTH RACK— The Aqueduct handicap;
one and a sixteen miles; all age?:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to ;— Wild Thyme, 08 (Kedfern). 3 2 11
7 If 5 — embarrassment. 101 (O'XIl) 1 3 2 3
4 to 1 — Ahumadi. Us (J. Jonc*).... 5 1 3 Vi
Time, 1:49 1-*. t«tart bad. Won driving.
Winner. A. Miller's b. f. by Ben Brush-Rose.
Lord Ba'ige M. Warranted 91, Honnib^rt I'd.
aiso ran.
THIRD RACE— The Creedmore; six furlongs;
T-> f-ar-olds :
Beiung. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Pt. \ Fin.
is to T> — Juvenal Maxim. 116 (Pulr) 5 112
3 to 1' — Divination. 113 <K»><irern). 3 5 2 4
<i to 1— Kace King, 122 (O'Neill).. 2 3 3 l .?
Time. 1:14 1-3. Ftart fair. Wen driving.
Winner. F. Farrrll'* ch. c by Juvpnal-Maxlm.*.
Molinos 1117, Marjoram 109, Dick Turpln 109,
also run.
SESOOanD RACK — One'mile; celling:
Betting. Horw. Wfight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
S to 1— All Gold. I OH (Burns?) 1 2 1 h
11 to 5 — Nevermore. U5 <J. Jones).. 11 5 2 5
5« to 1 — Mciptersinjrer, 101 <Higne) 5 3 3 2
Time. 1 :t2 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. W. L. Oliver's ch. h. by Rayon Or
iUrry NVIly. Highlander IOC. Trepan LOS, Al
lan lfxi. Morfk«nta I'KJ. Stroller 104. Star and
Garter '.<>, Gold Bell 10'J. Potent* J»S, Drop o'
Lye S*i. orlolf 03, also ran.
V to 2— Lady Amelia. 102 (Connl) 7 13 4
Time, 1:14 3-5. Start poor. Won driving-.
Winner. R. M. Kellfy's br. f. by Atheling-Gal
:»:.•. Demurrer VI. Dolly S|»anker 111. lngoid
11H. Sweet Oretchen 102. Astsrita 120, Invinci
ble 1C>. i-iei> Away 103, Northern Star 115, il»i
ran.
Poor riding cut some figuf* in the re
rults. H. Michaels, who rode Illyria,
marly fell off that colt in the last fifty
yardg at the very moment when it
peemrd that he must win. No stable boy
tould have made a weaker exhibition
than Michaels did on Illyria. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongF; handicap; all
tKPs:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1<M> to 1 — Athlana. fj <J. Jones) 2 2 1 S
[2 to 1— Illyria. 101 < Michaels). ..-. 4 5 2h
AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK. N. Y.. Oct.
2ti.— The racing Ht the newly built mile
and a quarter track at Aqueduct to-day
resolved itsolf into a carnival of long
shots. At 100 to 1 Athlana won the first
race, which was a six furlongs handicap.
Id the second race the SO to 1 shot. Mel*.
terslnger, was third. In the fifth a 40 to
1 shot von, a MO to 1 chance was second
tl.r.d at 300 to 1 AriFkany was third. In
fact the la« named entry was beaten
only by a few feet by the winner. If
Artekany, which Is a cast off from John
BanfortTa stable, had come home first
the famous May G affair of a year ago
at tho same track would have been ay
luoached.
Sl-edal IHypetrh to Th» Call
A mile and a quarter selling run, for
which Chub ruled favorite, concluded the
sport. Cambaceres cut out a merry clip
for more than a mile. Then, under Pow
ell's urging, Chub responded, finally being
returned a shifty winner over El Oriente
in 2:07. Erne was never a contender.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
The judges took cognizance that things
supernatural were doing, sent the horses
back to the paddock, ordered Dwightway
watched and gave -the ring twenty min
utes to make a new book. Later Charles
Goodman, the colored trainer and ex
steeplechase rider, the gelding's trainer,
was ruled off the turf. lie will now have
time to study up on prescriptions.
It was ladies' day again, but the attend
ance was not as large as usual. There
was no harness event and of the six run
ning races favorites took four.
Iva Powell is the Odom of the game
down here and about every mount of his
is installed favorite by the bookmakers.
He had the leg up on Ismad, a brother to
Dr. Shorb, .in the opening event and at
odds'of 3 to 2; the gelding displayed about
as much speed as a legless man climbing
Mount Lowe. Connell played a one-night
stand out in front and then retired. In
the run home j Martin Brady, the second
choice, ran circles around his field, beat
ing Honduran and Bicycle six open
lengths. This marks Schreiber's first wins
at the meeting.
Miss Vera, piloted by Powell, captured
the seven-furlong affair next decided. On
dope her chances did not look so easy, but
Powell used excellent Judgment, landing
the mare an easy winner over Iras and
Teufel. Achilles received wise backing,
but disappointed his admirers.
On the strength of her handy third to
Kenilworth and Blissful in the Pasadena
stake, Durbar looked a good thing for the
third number, a five and a half furlong
spin, and was held an even money
chance throughout the betting. The start
was not one of Duke's happiest efforts,
but the favorite was so much the best
she won any way. Big Bill Knapp skirted
the bunch, and catching the leaders at
the end of the stand scored almost easily
from Metlakatla. Step Around was left
and Nona B finished third. ¦
Heather Honey, the cheap purchase
made at the Chinn and Forsythe sale last
spring, is quite a filly these days. She
was made a 1 to 2 favorite for the mile
selling affair and after a none too pleas
ant voyage took the front position In the
string, and, with Kunz doing his worst,
won by two lengths. Knapp brought Mir
acle H from behind, disposing of Dug
Martin for place honors. Position had
some early speed.
There was no pronounced favorite for
the five-furlong scramble, fifth on the
programme. It resolved down to a drive
between Mary Nance and Neti.e May,
arid See on the former mare outgeneraled
Kunz, getting a •nose verdict. Roltaire
finished third and with better racing luck
could have won.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— More than
likely the record of Dick Welles would have
gone a-glimmerlng this afternoon at Ag
ricultural Park had the judges permitted
Dwightway to have started in the second
race. It took three men to lead him on
the track and he had all the appearance
of a four-year-old gelding that had been
given the reserve barrel of a pneumatic
dope gun. ' Hilderbrand was scared and
slid off the animal's back.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE^ — One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
18 to 5 — Lapso. »C (Livingston) 6 1 1 n
S to !» — Pierce J, 104 (Sheehan)... 12 2 5
10 to 1— Helen Print. 104 (Smith).. 4 3 3 VS
Time. l^O-X. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L Lemp & Co.'s ch. m. by Magnetizer-
Lasca. Aules H6, Larry Wilt 104, Cogswell
105. Caithness 102, Baronet 104. Wllhelmlna 87.
Varna Fonoo 95, Captain Duckado 00, Alborac
95, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse :
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 5 — Athelroy, 90 (Livingston) . . 5 4 11
11 to B— Olennevis, 100 (Foley) 112 7
lfi to 5 — L. Strathmre, 102 (Austin 4 3 3 Vi
Time. 1:49 V*. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'s blk. c. by Ath
fling-Elsa Rosalind. Jack Young 90, Pourquot
Pas 95, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlong3; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5 — Malster, 111 (Calvit) 2 2 1 M,
7 to 2— Frank Bell. 118 (Dale).... 1 12 3
20 to 1— Lady Idrls, 83 (Plunkett).. 0 4 8 1
Time,. 1:14. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. T. A. Gay & Co.'s br. g. by Autocrat-Miss
Longford. Lady Kent S5. Mocorlto 05, Annie
Max 85. Bridge 115, Elastic 103, Mollie T OS,
also ran.
Time,- 1:OSH. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. B. Dickerson & Co.'s blk. c. by St.
George-Exclusion. Dusty Miller 114. Lona S
111. Merrie George 114. Tootsy Mack 111. Billy
Woodard 109, Ponchartraln 109, also ran. ;
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Surse:
letting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 6 — Woodson. 114 (Austin) 3.2 12 ,
« to 1— Klowa Chief. Ill (Foley)... 4 3 2 10
G to 1— T. Manklns. Ill (Matthews) 11 33'
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
15 to 1 — Hurry Beck, 105 (Calvlt).. 1 4 1 \%
10 to 1 — Gen. Prig. »8 (Hennessey) 4 12 1
4 to 1— Mr. Phlnixy. 108 (Foley).. 3 3 3 2
Time. 1:10V*. Start good. Won driving.
Wlnmr, J. A. Lynch & Co.'s b. g. by Jim Gore-
Melody. Boutonnlere 100, Honda 105. Etbfl
Bobs 10". Will Shelly 103. Kiss Quick 10S,
Goudy % Nina Fly 100, Eleanor Howard 105,
Arensus. i(!», Lou Beach 100, Howard P 100.
La rouge 107, also ran. . - .
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— Large fields of or
dinary class made up an unattractive
card at the Fair Grounds to-day. The
feature event, a six furlong handicap,
was won handily by Malster, which re
ceived the best support of any horse in
the race, being backed from 3 down to 13
to 5. The track was fast, the weather
clear and the attendance large for a
Monday. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Hoi-be, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Our Lillle, 102 (Howell)... « 2 11^
2 to 1— Lady Thistle, 109 (Sheehn) 1- 12 4
20 to 1— Lady Fonne, 102 (Andersn) 2 5 3 1%
Time. 1 :02. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. Stubb.s Bros." b. f. by Hermence-Betty
Bary. Overhand 107. Pilgrim Girl 102. Minnie
Johnson 107 Debbie May 107, Kittle Harlan
104, Applause 104, Sweet Myrtle 107, Wootsy
Winlerd 107, Zama 05, Camora 107, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Benson Cald well, 105« Hall) 5 1 1 3V4
:t to 1— Bluemlnt. «7 (R. Taylor) ti 6 2 »i
2u to 1 — Sidney Sabatn, 101 <J.
Booker) « 8 3 2
Time, 1 :45 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. H. Daventx>rfs br. g. by Esher-
Lady Caroline. Nellie Bawn 107, Frank M
S»7, Sweet Tooth VC>, Alltne Abbott 108, Flores
tan 103, Snogun 10'$. Jove 110, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth milee.
Eell'.r^ :
It'it;nR. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to .".—Mezzo, 102 (Adkins) 7 3 11
15 to i — <;hrli=tlne A, !«O (Wilson). 2 4 2 h
j, t<) i — L»o<lle S, !>S (J. Booker).. 9 5 3 %
Time. 1:47 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Wimn-r, P Dunne's br. f. by ChorlBter-Marsa.
a Ghor 108. Eda ltiley 110, Lampoon 93, The
Major 304. Bard of Avon 104, Tancred 105,
Chicago Girl !«!. als-o ran.
FOl'RTH RACE— Six furlong?, handicap:
BettlriR. Hor?e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Bummer, 103 (J. Booker). 1 1 1 •*
•; to 1— Gregor K, 113 <Hall) 5 2 2^
S to 1— The Don, 100 (Ferrell) 4 6 3 *i
Time, 1:13 1-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. C. A. Johnson & Co.'* ch. h. by Register-
Emma Grose- Boaster 104, Scorpio 117, Fair
bury 100, alto ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile, purse:
B'ttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SC «i Fin.
•Z X.0 1 — Ancke, i>4 (Wils>n) 6 1 1 n
Even— Incubator, 103 (Ferrell).. 4 3 2 1H
25 to 1— Dolly Hayman, i>4 (Lowe) 1 2 3 5
Time, 1 ::m l!-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner L. S Sire's rh. f. by Locahatchee-
Harlem. Examiner 100, Olympian 111, Post
master Wright «7, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
h.ven— Soldier of Fortune, 103
(Ferrell) 4 * Ink
5 to 1 — General Steward, flu (J.
Booker) 0 2 2h
20 to 1— Instrument. 105 (Hall)... 5 1 3 (j
Time, 1:14 3-6. .Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. W. I'ooles ch. c. by The Common
er-Florence P. Ralph Young «S, Banv.ell 103,
Uungannon 104. Annora J 100. Blandford 103,
lilacKwolf 103, Wistaria 100. Arnold K, 103.
Bummer was practically given the race
at the start, in which he had four lengths
the best of the field. The favorite was
nover headed thereafter, winning unex
tended by three lengths.
The track was lightning fast, the weath
er clear and cool, the card a good one
and the attendance larger than the usual
Monday crowd. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlong*,
puree : . _,
Betting. Home. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
U to H>— Mayor Johnson. HO tHall) 4 111
7 to 1— :-;yia. H»9 (Pollak) 9 3 2 1 Va
8 to 1 — Kimberly. 101 (Kerrell).. « 4 3 1
Tim*-. 1 :OS. Start pocd. Won easily. \\ In
ner. L Marion & Co.'s b, g. by G. W. John
eon-Daybreak. Irma's Choice 104. Paul W ha
le> 1«». Evelyn Byrd l'K', Halm of Gilead 112,
llarshal*ea LOW. Nyda 10U. also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Leading from start
to finish. Bummer won hia third straight
victory In as many starts at Worth track,
when he annexed the high -weight handi
cap to-day. He was an odds-on fa
vorite at 1 to 2, backed from 7 to 10.
Gregor K. was second, a half-length in
front of The Don.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In addition the string that Schrelber
has been racing at Chicago, including
Schwalbe, will leave there this week.
Sam Morton, who raced at New Or
leans last winter, has applied for stalls
for Dodle S and the balance of his string.
C. A. Johnson and J. McAllister, both of
whom have been racing at Chicago, have
applied for stalls. Paul Lane shipped
from Palisade yesterday with F. W.
Erode, Hipponax, Ripper and three
others.
Gus Lanka will leave St. Louis in a
few days with six. William Cahill, Tom
Ryan, Charles McCafferty and his brother
John, who Is making his first visit to the
coast, will leave Chicago at the end of
the. Worth meeting.
Here is a list of the horses in Barney
Schrelber's string that got in yesterday
in care of Dick Williams:
Crimean, ch. ' h., 4, Cayuga-Montgomery
Cooper; Bucclueth, br. g., 4, Oddfellow-Mont
gomery Cooper; Schwartzwald, blk. g., 4, Sam-
Ellen; Mindora, blk. c, 3, Saln-Park Ridge;
Blumenthal, blk. c, 3, Sain-Contest; Plnk
rrton. blk. c. 1, Saln-Lizzle H; Inspector Hal
pin, b. c, 1, Saln-Ohlo Belle; Speaker Fon
tana, b. c. 1, Sain-Gratltude; Woodlands, b.
c, 1, Satn-Mlss Marlon; R. T. Johnson, ch. c.
1, Bannockburn-DlsprofC ; Henry Ach, b. c, 1,
Balgowan-Ursula; Tim Hurst, ch. C, 1, Bal
gowan or Foul Shot-Imp. Munich; Hersaln, b.
f., 1, Saln-Hespena; Mildred B, b. f., 1, Sain-
Carollne Hamilton; unnamed, blk. f., 1, Saln-
Channlon; unnamed, ch. f., 1, Balgowan-Miss
Tynah; unnamed, b. f., 1, Foul Shot-Nora
Eves.
Frank McMann, who Is now in Chicago,
where he has just purchased Major Tenny
from Sam Hildreth, applied yesterday for
stalls. Besides Tenny and the horses he
raced here last year McMann has Oronte,
a sprinter that he bought -a couple of
months ago from S. S. Bender. Wade
McLemore wired yesterday to the Jockey
Club that he will ship here at the same
time as J. F. Newman, who has Cursus
and Dolly Haymond.
There .is every prospect of a great rac
ing season In California this year.
Clement© Pierce yesterday engaged
stalls for Charles Dwyer, who will leave
New York In a fortnight with all of his
string excepting the great Africander,
¦which has been on the shelf for the last
month or two. This will make an im
portant acquisition. to the racing material
that will be on hand this winter.
The members of the committee have given
this question a great deal of consideration and
we are of the unanimous opinion that the con
tention of the committee of the National Asso
ciation with respect to this matter Is not Jus
tified by any provision of the national agree
ment nor by any action of the representatives
of either party to Its discussion at Buffalo and
Cincinnati previous to its final adoption.
Regarding the contention of the committee
representing the National Association relative
to sales, agreements, purchases and contracts
for and with players for 1904. made prior to
September 11. 1903. It is contended by Messrs.
Powers, Farrell and Sexton, the committee that
represented the National Association when the
national agreement was adopted, that all sales,
agreements and purchases and contracts for
and with players for 1904 by club members of
said association, made prior to September 11,
1003. the day of the adoption of the national
agreement, are binding and cannot be disturbed,
and that article 6, Bectlon 6 of the national
agreement providing for the drafting of play
ers does not apply to these cases.
Rule 23 provides that there shall be no
purchases of releases of players made
during the drafting period and that such
purchases would not be allowed as
against the draft of any auch players. It
was held that section 8 of the national
agreement was conflicting with section 6
and a definite Interpretation was made so
that the drafting period will -be from Sep
tember 1 to October 15, with no sales per
mitted during that time.
After the commission adjourned the fol
lowing official document was given out:
The most important work of the day
was the decision establishing the absolute
right of the major leagues to draft play
ers from the minor leagues, and when
this matter was settled It carried with it
results affecting most of the twenty-one
contests presented for players.
Two additional rules. Nos. 24 and 25,
were added to the national agreement.
Rule 24 provides that each club must
send to the secretary of the national com
mission before August 24 in each year a
list of Its purchased players and that no
one on such list can ever be claimed after
that date.
Among those who appeared before the
commission during the day were H. W.
Lucas, president of the Pacific National
League; H. M. Sexton, president of the
Western League, and R. R. Burke of
Denver.
CINCINNATI, O., Oct. 26.— The national
baseball commission, with Chairman Au
gust Herrmann, Secretary Bruce. Harry
C. Pulllam. president of the National
League, and Ban Johnson, president of.
the American League, present, was In
session all day and adjourned to-night
without taking action on the cases of
Ambrose Putnam, John Hickey, E. S.
Quick, Arthur Devlin, Charles Jones, Gus
Dundon, O. J. Ferry, M. Mclntyre, John
J. Dillon, P. J. Donovan, . McPherson,
Perry and Laudenslager.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
granted a soecial permit to the San
Francisco Athletic Club to bring off a
boxing contest In this city on November
10. The only member thui voted against
the permit waa Supervisor Brandenstein.
The permit waa granted In order to al
low Jimmy Britt, the local lightweight,
and Charley Seiger, the Italian boxer, to
battle. They were scheduled to meet last
month, but a week before the contest
Britt Injured his foot and the bout had
to be declared off. In order to bring about
a meeting of the pair friends of Britt and
the club secured the special permit.
Britt has recovered from his Injury and
is now in training. He played handball
at the Olympic Club yesterday afternoon
with Sammy Berger. the crack amateur
heavy-weight, and beat him In clever
fashion. Britt wore a rubber stocking on
his foot and plaved the violent game
without fear of hurting the member.- He
says It Is in perfect shape and he will be
able to keep his engagement with Seiger.
Jimmy weighed in at 133 pounds after
exercising. He will go over to Croll's
Gardens to-morrow and begin training.
Seiger has been working at the Beach
and as he is down to weight he will be in
splendid shape when the meeting takej
place.
Gets Away Four Lengths in
the Lead and Is Never
Headed.
Durbar, Heather Honey and
Chub Among Winning
Favorites.
Owners of Fast Ones Are
Rapidly Shipping Their
Animals.
Major League Given Right to
Draft Players From Minor
Associations.
Largs Fields Devoid of Class
Compete for the
Purses.
Lightweights to Box Next
Month for Coast
Honors
Any Old Price Against
Furse- Winners at
Aqueduct.
Winner of the St. Louis
Feature Is Heavily
Backed.
Horsemen Look For
.ward to Successful
Sport in California.
Odds-On Favorite Wins
Worth High Weight
Handicap.
Trainer of Dwightway
Ruled Ofi at Los
Angeles.
Two Important Sections
Added to National
Agreement.
Supervisors Grant Britt
and Seiger Another
Date.
FORM GOES AWRY
AT A NEW TRACK
STARTER GIVES
BUMMER A RACE
SURPLUS "DOPE"
SPOILS A RACE
MALSTER FIRST
IN A HANDICAP
EXPECT GREAT
RACING SEASON
BALL MAGNATES
DISCUSS RULES
CLUB OBTAINS
SPECIAL PERMIT
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 26.— The Wehrapon
lumber 'mill In Ornbaun Valley was destroyed
by fire; which broke out shortly after midnight
Sunday. The blaze waa undoubtedly of : In
cendiary origin, and caused damage amount
ing, to over $35,000. » In addition to the build
ings and machinery which they contained, 1,
cuiftaa feet of lumber was consumed.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— The will- of the late
Archbishop Kaln. fll#d for probate to-day, pro
vides . that all of : the late Archbishop'* , prop
erty,' both j of a personal and real character,
shall be turned over to the diocese.
Frank J. Grace, for Supervisor, , is one
of. the managers of W. % B. Orace & Co.,
foreign shippers. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 26.— According to
Major A. C. Ducat of the Seventh In
fantry, United States army, the National
Guard of California is in good shape, but
needs a bit of instruction in camp duties.
Major Ducat, who was detailed by the
adjutant general of the army to visit the
encampments of the California militia,
to-day filed a voluminous report with
Governor Pardee. He chides the soldiers
for military sins of omission and com
mission, running from failure to air their
blankets to appearing In front of a fash
ionable hotel at Coronado in ridiculous
costumes.' ..
With respect to the Sixth Regiment,
camped at Santa Cruz in August, Major
I>ucat said the drills were not good and
the arms generally were in bad condition.
Tents were defaced by names and marks
and is some cases the men wore on their
blouses no less than three kinds of but
tons.
The major discovered that the officers
of the Second Infantry had : a sideboard,
where they could get liquid refreshments
by paying for them pro rata, but there
was no canteen for the men. j
8
ADVEETISEJjIEirrS.
Rheumatism
p Is Not a SKin Disease.
Most people have an idea that rheumatism ia contracted like a cold, that the
damp, chuly air penetrates the muscles and joints and causes the terrible aches
and pains, or that it is something like a 6kin disease to be rubbed away with lini-
ment or drawn out with plasters; but Rhuematism originates in the blood and is
caused by Urea, or Uric Acid, an irritating, corroding poison that settles in mus-
cles, joints and nerves, producing inflammation and soreness and the sharp, cutting
pains peculiar to this distressing disease. _
Exposure to bad weather or sudden BowUn* Green, Ky.
chilling of the body will hasten an at- -v^^i&W^jTKSSS 6 !^^
. , iPtm. .. ' ,. ., . , , . rheumatism in my snouiaers, arms and
tack of Rheumatism after the blood and legs below the knee. I could not raise my
system are in the right condition for it um to comb my hair. Doctors prescribed
to develop ,,but have nothingtodo with a~S^ffi^SS^^aSStfia
the real true causes of Rheumatism, and decided to try it. Immediately I com-
which are internal and not external. menced its use I felt better, and remarked
T ini'mpnt"! -nlaktera and / rnhhin<r to mother that I was glad I had at last found
Liniments, piasters ana. ruDDlng uom9T9li9i . i continued its us 9 and am
will sometimes reduce the lnnamma- entirely well. I will always feel deeply
tion and swelling and ease the pain for interested in the success of 8. S. S. sicco
a time, but fail to relieve permanently ifc dld mo "° mnch Kood.
becSte they do not reach the seat dl 311 12th Bt. MBS. ALICE HOBTO2T.
the trouble. S. S. S. cures Rheumatism because it attacks it in the blood, and
S^ m^ the Uric Acid poison is neutralized, the sluggish cir-
/|Mk3 culation stimulated and quickened, and soon the sys-
\W^ \^>^ tern Is purified and cleansed, the aching muscles and
l^^f i^kl joints are relieved of all irritating matter and a lasting
g*^/ cu" of this most painful disease effected.
S. S. S. is a harmless vegetable remedy, unequalled
as a blood purifier and an invigorating, pleasant tonic Book on Rheumatism wiQ
be mailed free, THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*XTW* TOBK. Oct. 28.— Vice dtaaeeEcr
StcTestec tc-<Uy ta. J«r»ey City dec&Ud not t?
a»ct=t a receiver ta Xew Jiti«r fir th*
A*;fcalt Ccssf*s-T of Aa«rtca. Th* Vfce f>»~
eelicr %Unti ti« Isjoactles rettralj^tg the
Aspcalt Ocmpany frao exerdsin*" tu firaachUcs
t= New Jersey, as fc* asrscscesl a w«k aga
be wcs!d CT-
; VlcU Mathecr 23«d her co=p^iat fa a
I dircrce actioa to-day, to whiea she aSe^ss
\ WGXiaas R- Matheay has deserted her.
I Jcdge Hall graated Clara P. Ferrefra aa
order to-day n straining Beato R. Fer
retra. her cosbasd. irons disposing ef aay
of his prcperty pending the decistoa cf a
dtrorf e actioa begca fcy her. It alleged
to W ccmraaaity property aad she says
that csltss restraised ht will dliTcsa
cf tt.
for dircrce agaiast LlrweHya J. Brown
021 the grocsd cZ iatcTaseraace.
Jcaa W. Hearst baa asksd ta* cocrts
for a legal • eparattoa frcsx Lorraiae E.
Kearst. whflw ha aleges. deserted hra ta
! 23G2. -JS^3
Tne vast aasibeT of caderstadles -who
are lookiar far our ict» prare this wcr&j
tsbea stage.
CAN RaTAEL,. Oct. 2BL— Tie ease eT tin
Masai **- A*rf=B SrtTa, ea-SCarsr ei aasam<
Usa who was escrrxlfi ct uwslt wi^ *
d-ead'y we»5«a *=«i seatesced to tire* mccii*-
Usscitaaaess. wits oa aKensatiTe. feaj t«ea
OAKLAND, October 2L-The foUowiss;
marriage licenses were issued by ta«
Ccunty Clerk to-day: WHIIaia A. Adaass,
28. SSerravffle. and Tina G- Fowler. 23;
Oakland; David C. Moore, 2S, Saa Francis
co, aad Ava E- Keat, 23, Oakland; Willlaa
Meiers. 21, Plttss^rg-. Pera^ aad Helea
Dass, 23. Oaklaad; Horatio T. Wolfe.
over 21. aad Mary Johaston, tnrer 13, tcth
c£ San Francisco; P»ter B. Garrey. «rrer
Zl. ff^i Fraacfsco, asd Minnie E. Allea.
ever 13. Oaklaad; OEver I* Stiae, 21. Saa
Fraacisco. aad Faaale Waters. S, Oak
laad.
2Iarriage Licenses.
Ccraplaiss Abcut Wesan Swindler.
OAKUOOX Oct. *S.— Miss Kliae a xaU
liaer at U2o Washiagtea street, has ccs
plaiaed to the police that a wcaxaa ope
rator sot S aad a new bat traa her
Saturday Eight by worktn^r the "change"'
swiadle.
Mrs. May Fink Appeals
From Decision in
Her Favor.
Students From Islands
Will Be Educated
in America.
Berkeley OSce Saa Fraacisco Call,
2H3 Ceater Street. Oct.
AraoES the passeaxers ca the steaaier
Korea that is dse ta arrive ia Saa Fraa-
Cisco Mhorzlr are ICO FUfplao boys, wfco
are cotniasr to the United States to be
educated. They are the pici of the bright
est boys ta the Philippiae Island*, havfas
beea selected after competitive esaoiaa
tioas. The boys wC2 eater the schools
*-** universities aad remain ta America
until their education Is finished. A large
number cf them will become stud-nts ta
the UaiTersitT of California, taooga the
exact irs=.b«r wd not be known cstil
after their arrlvaL
The prospective studeats are all pro
vided with scholarships amounting to
CflOI annually. The Caited States Gov
emment made aa appropriattox of V£QJX>i
for this perpese aad the scholarships wQI
b« sseat cader rovercaxeatal strpervfsica.
f The details for the dispensation of this
money aad the care ef the boys were re-
POKT Htrsox. JCeS.. Oct. ». —After
ir.r-.z* t'lri-ssly abect tx Laks Ei.-x an
El*st is. a fsrtars itorss the barg* Grace
B#y. wtlca tMi troiea away Crocs tie steaaier
eeatly arraczed between PiesMeat
Hoosevelt aad Seacr FlavUao Abreu. wfio
was instrumental ia briagics tweaty-oae
FtHpfcjo beys to Berkeley to receive their
Gcardsmea to Give Dasce.
Th« -Irhth anr! 7^* 1 daace of Coxapasy A.
First lafaatry Rejiai«at cf the' Natfcaal
Guard, will take place to-morrow erer.tng
at Elatraclit HaE. and a gvod atteadaace
Is expected. Taoae who have had the ar
raayemects cf the daace la charge are
Captsia George T. BaEIaser. Serseaats
Fred Bartraad aad Jaaxes R«illr aad
Private Jcha MCsael. R_ 1^ Eaais,."Wn
liaa Dosesberrr aad C W. RMgway.
taeiafcer cf the PhUippiae CoaiaiIssicB."|
had charg* of the preiisiiaarT arraage- j
dents for tie scl-ctioa ol tisram stsdsris. »
Oakland OCce Saa Francisco Call,
1HJ Brcadway. Oct. T&.
An appeal to tee Suprese Coort was
filed to-day from the dacL-: : a of Judge
Kill granting May E. Fink a divorce
from Alecxa W. Fink. The appeal ts ]
taken by Attorney Henry McPQce oa be- j
half cf Sirs. Fiak. the pUfatiff ta the
action. "While she was the oce to ask far
the divorce, she is cav en record as
wantfeg the decision reversed. la the
measttme Ftnk has married again, ami j
should the Supresne Court reverse the de
ciiica of the lower court it would create
an awkward state of affairs.
Mrs. Firi was graatsd th« divorce dur
ing the period before the new ece-year
provision cf the drnorce law tecasaa ef
fective. Xa order to take advastage of
this lapse ¦ Flak hAd to rs..i;iy -. wlthia !
three days or be barred for a year.' aad oa '
the last day of grace he carried a secorui \
tfcae. If there shcold be a reversal cf the
decision o£ t*« lower court his secead
marriage tccM be tavalld.
Suit for divorce was be ?ua ts-dar by
NeiEe C- CKeef* from Stephen B.
CXKeefe en ths groi:;ut of fafTaxe to pro-
Tide. Tc*y were raarrted ia 1SH.
Hatt£» B. Brava has fces^a aa ictloc
"Wciaan^s Auxiliary cf Typcgrapfcical
TJnica Gives Its Plrst Etttertaia
meat, Wbich. Ptotcs Success.
Tt<s trat social ef the Wosaan's Auxil
iary. Na. 13. of the Saa Francisco Typo
graphical Ccfoa. Nol &. was held last
night at tTnictr Scuare Hall, and a more
enjoyable affair has not been given dur
isjr the preseat season cf eatertafnmect.
It was ta evtry respect a success. Th*
eocrmlttees had girea rauca time to the
arrangements, ccasecueatly the pro
gramme proved eminently satisfactory to
everyone.
These ca the raricus committees la
charge cf the social were;
Arras*«MSts — Mrs. J. P. Otw»n Cchalrcsan).
Xr§- PftQ Jciaatffl. Mrs. B. O- Bacroe. Mr»- J.
C. Br**y. Mr». J- CbC£=s. Urs. G. Maasoa,
Mr*, i. j- y*«ir
ruwr—T. 3*. TfTTzaec. <=a=ascr>. Ctarl-a
T Walters <s«sistant>. C&aries CbCiaa. G.
Xsusen. J- P- OlweQ. Fan Jcimsoa, J. J. Xe«ly,
"Reception— Mrs- BlefceO. Hrs. C. A- Ba
cta=,i=. itrs. RM P*vse. Mr*. C Ftric Strs-
M- Estt«. Jim Van Sanitlr. Mra. I>. s. WMt*.
3tr»- H. B. Pteracn. Hr*. J. 3£- Scott. Str*. C
E. K»a«I«tyg*. ' ;. .
TTASEIXGTUN; Ort. St— Te*ti=aocy ta ti«
r-^-"-— '»« t knnzt tn tie ea«e cf LecpcfcJ J.
£eerB cf Baln=re. tstiictetf for ecmcia=tty ta
the pfTmT '-« . - ; was ¦-.:. .-;••! ta : -• ;¦:_.«
csur*. :-.-!» r a=d irr^=«=-tj wer« begua.
BIG GATHERING E370YS
WELL-PULSATED SOCIAL
Prcfessor TViIter Clarfcsca's Miad^Iia
s.zi Guitar Club give tts third annual
concert last night at Go Idea Gate HalL
The ;: re grim me was capitally arranged
and prcved to be entertaining. The clever
rueBll people taking part proved their
musical and vocal ability to the delight cf
the larje ass<t=:=Ias«. The fsllcwlas; was
the programme, and besides the names it
crntains there were mere than fifty ethers
who distinguished themse-;— es with the
mandolins and guitars:
>*> March. "CSSKtatsaf' <Sccaa>: <"*> ecn
c»ri wait*. •¦Pas&rra" 'J4«=x»s», liaadclia
Cs& Masddra cue"- Hawaiian telecnca. ty
Christine Vca Imhcu" an4 Hiiiegarie Jaikscn.
I^p**- of Pr?fe«»or Claricscs: tary-ace *;;¦?. s«
2«-ne4. Walter Bcrrkiaiter; eversire, ~Xorti
«n T :tr*jrw - <,VC4>u±-.l. J£aa*5li= Club; ¦rocal
wota. t~i*-?z*<l. Ml«» A=-e tjFry: rp<~rlalties.
aCJsa Rsti XCZatx. a=d Visa Ir=a Pj:j«r; fa>
-.'-% »e:»«i3E. "Ifartia" iTlctz-wf: <t> ier
»¦'¦'' "The YTmieT«r« Cream" <l*2erty).
Maid-I^ Cub.
It. strain g=,ta.l 1st* Gire Ccr.cert-
FILIPINO BOYS
COMING TO STUDY
DIVORCEE TAKES
STRANGE ACTION
OAKLAND, Oct. S.— WlthOGt a
hitch the San Francisco, Oak
land and Saa Jose Railway Inau
gurated Its f«rry system to-day.
beginning operations on Its
Berkeley branch between the college
town. Fortieth street. Oakland, and Saa
Francisco.
Miry of the company's c-Scials were
among the passengers that boarded th
irst motor train that left Berkeley «ta
tlos at 5:25 o'clock this morning and con
nected cc time at the pier depct with
the ferry boat Yerba Buena. Tne trip to
Saa Francisco was run four minutes be
hind schedule because cf fay. There wer«
ICO passengers ca the tritlal trip co Saa
Francisco, occupying the focr large cars
that composed the train when It left
Berkeley. Others boarded the cars at the
stations en route. Dwtght way. Ashby.
Lorta aad Saa Patio avenue. The train
wsls ta charge c* Bcpestntsnfcst Jants
P. Potter. Assistant Superintendent
Clark Terrick handled the motor car. W.
H. Kimmell was conductor and K. A.
Mcrrfsoa. M. C. MitcheO. J. FltxsimniCtis
and H. C. McAtee were collectors ca this
the first train of the big ferry system
that carks a sev era In the develop
ment ef the east fide cities.
From San Francisco the first boat de
parted at 12:30 o'clock this morning, boats
and trains connecting giving aa bourty
service from that side until iJO o'clock
to-night. Th* last train for Saa Fraa
clsco left BerStelej at !^S o'clock this
evening. The cempany ild not operate
Its full schedule to-day, considering It
advisable to shut down earlier ta order
to carefully overhaul everything prepara
tory to the opening to-morrow oorclng
of tb« regular ttee card.
The tlae card calls for trains to IeaT»
Berkeley station beginning at 5:25 o'clock
a. in. dalrj-, except Sundays, asd hourly
thereafter untH 11:35 o'clock p. ta. On
Sundays the trst train wfn leave at *:21
o'clock a. ex. From Saa Francisco boats
wO leave hourly cctziztcctzg week
days it i:3) o'clock a. cl asd Surdays as
hour later until 12:3> o'clock a. n.
Prcmlnest among the passengers that
made the nrst trip this morning frets
Berkeley were F. M. Smith, and F. C. Ha
i Tens* the promoters of the new read.
Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mi»s Marios Smith,
Mi»s Florence Nightingale. Miss p^tt?*
and ether guests were wit> the .^-Tfr^"*
O£ciaX» of the read aiiioug the par»y
were E. A. Heron, president of the San
Francisco, Oakland and San Jose Rail
way; W. F. Kelly, gansrai manager;
i Johs Q. Brown, assistant general cas
! i{«:: Samuel J. Taylor, secretary: F. W.
t Frost, assistant secretary; Ro*dmaster
j Bc??s and others. In command cf the
[ Yerfca Bsena was Captaia Rasmussea.
with First Of5cer O. W. Barker. Second
OfZcer A. Netsca. Chi«* Engineer J. M.
Mltch-IL Howard C. Holaes. co=strcct
tng engineer, had the honor of lowering
the aproa at the slip in San Francisco
when the first docking was made by the
Yerb*. Buena Is actual ferry service.
Announcement will be mad* soon by the
company coEcercinj its half-hocrly ser
vice, the sale o£ cocsnutaxiGa ::ck«t» and
the extension of the train coanectioiE3 tnto
Central Oakland.
yCTL-VAVKZZ. wii. Oct. »— rrederUX
Kraa*. *«ed «> Tears, a =s=5er cf the Cham
ber of Coesserc* a=»i w»Q ksows ta Us cra^a
aid *— »'* '~T bes£n*M tiraigbottt tte cosstry.
iT-i ti-li:- -
PHX.1EIXPHU. Ort. 3S. — "•" :.t~. Z- ES
y~«_ wio fca* •ertcos-'y til a: i-»
><n— f^r tic 5*t •e*«raJ w«eis. w»s *rs*
¦»i*t fcsjr^Trt tirc&ihsct th* Say as± is r«n
tng easily t>-cight.
PARI3. Oct. SI— CarrTi=* cut tnstrcnlsa*
recetTid rrsa Waj£i2«T.;s. Sa^tttVf Pwtif
ta* fcer= =«rjciatJocj far aa aAlitixa: - * :»-t
ta tie exsraixice trearr 5*r»e«3 Via Csttet
Stales aad Fr»-»-» » eo»«r fcniery.
CX£VEI-.O»r>. OtJo. C«_ 33L — Ti* ScaadaHl
Oil Cam^asy to-day aivanired es# wSoissal*
ct«c« ca aa grai-s ef rtUMd etl I «at per
saliis. That =ai-s *a advaace et IH ««*M
p»r r» r '*^ la wSci«sal» Brtce wuhis a wtek.
BCOAPEST. H:=*ary- Ort. 2S.— a*3i? FrJart
--a—t a3 A=«rtc»a. lu»* beea_ »rr-»t*4 -«£***
ii<" t^acasoe of ts« »_~=ite"i 5^*:»» *T**T*t'-~««
»ti tie cSanr? cf frasatxlict aajar-jjecy ta N«w
¦j-r*. Fr:*>i=a=a r-o»=Cy b*3 bees castsru^g
a "pt— t-*- i«r*.
.VLS.orr. X. T-. Ort. 24. — TScesaa S. Via
?r-ct. a=>l tM-=*r >Ur?r a* tila elry. ii*S BB>
iay aft-r a Ii=«*rt3« Ci:*3*.
After the prosrasszie cf entertainner-t
there was cne cf daactri^ ta two hour*
u:aier the cirectics of F. J. Maguire. ffocr
ca-yger. and Charles P. Shea. Joseph E.
Lee. R- H. McPherson and A- W. Tuggey.
assistant.
The following cased 'received the
fuests:
Walter A. xmtirs. D. D. G. M. W.. ehair
taaa a»«jr*i by Csiforrs Jtar'e. Cci=pacy A.
A. O C. W. : Coioc«l F. F. Terrxsioca*. ZJ.f-2
:»ii;: Osioori C T. ?>•;¦:«.- Ueistsazt Cclo-
Bel E. A. Fr»etrLa=. Xi;r CSarlea F. >U:i«i
xi*. SIi;:r F. TT. Ercwsizg. Calais Ciari-s
E.Tisrstsa. E- 1. Ecaeaberx. eastaia eaa
sasdinx- J J- Davis. W. T. aJcGrati. Gecrre
Fredr..4scn. Frank Roaii. M. B. Ejer. XL D.;
S H Earrcc. WtiUasi Swaason. Ctarl's Zahn,
H H. Ti'* M *" W. O Ziir.. P. A. Bofe-rts,
T. H. Carr. L«al» Pedexscs. Kofcert Weiier,
F. O- Kraal-
Barytae* «¦:'.-. wnr.asi 5. 1>- -.« whistling
mdo. il.ts ELsi<* Krtt»: »tsri*s. "K2j" Hj=e»:
fa=cy dasces. 3Ci»» FU;r*=ce Hilrjj; rearti-c.
Dora "^"*Lswocri FiXt-r. . •;<¦•: i*l;:-»-«. LJtti*
Trod* Era*: oc«-acc fare-. "K«r Only
Faslt." m^t"" F. C*&7. L«»Iie Ailes^ Ki*f
\Ltrr Joces *-A it ; i • Isabel O*-- -..«.
Th« San Francisco lodges cf the An
cient Order cf United Workmen celebrated
the thirty-fifth anniversary cf the or
der in Native Sons' HaH last night. The
affair was conducted under the direction
of the San Francisco extension cemmit
te«. cf which D. S. Hirshbery. deputy
grard master, is president: W. W. Allen
and W. A. WHkins. district deputies, are
vice cresiients. and Frank J. Maguire.
deputy, is secretary.
The function was attended by as many
people as could crowd Into the his hall.
which had been very prettily decorated tn
pink and pale blue, relieved with foliage.
The following was the prc gramme of en
tertainment after an overture and aa in
teresting addresses oa Wcrkssanship by
Past Grand Master Workman George H-
Bairs:
lateresrir.g Prcgrarrrrne Is Preseated
Before & I-AreTS Acdieace in
Native Seas' HalL
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
AXCH2ST OEDEB WOBKSEES"
rTT. 7~p"R- a tys Ays' I v v. r.<; a "r. v
PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN OF TH.VIX3 ALOXG THE ROUTE OF THE NEW SAN" FRANCISCO. OAKI-AND AND
BAN JOSE RAILWAY THAT BEGAN THE OPERATION YESTERDAY OF ITS NEW FERRY SYSTEM BE
TWEEN EMZRTYTT.T.E AND SAN FR.O»CISCO.
frcm. th-r Iveipsic Universiry and has been
twice president of the Music Teachers*
National Association. At Michigan he
<tr > ect« a four years' course in choral mu
sic and cne fcr these who wish t3 study
the historical development cf music as
•**'.'. as ii* signlicance as an art.
ilusic - ' and "Huslc 1= Its Ori*l=xl and
Ethical A*p«cts."
Prcf*«scr Stanley I* a graduate tn music
m*r jailer, which is to begin on Z'zzi* ZZ
next. This is the firrt time that instruc
tion ts music has teen prevised fcr and it
:s th« wecge that will sooner cr Later
c^z. ;he way for the establishment cf
: -.-«« in =:usic at the regular sessions,
-.-..:,- has eft en been talked cf.
Altert A. Stanley, prcfeascr cf music
at the University c- Michigan since 15S5,
has be« eecureti for this iepart2ier:t ct
the lummer sessicn. Ke will offer courses
cf value to all interested in music and cf
partMular serv.ee to teachers of music-
AmorLg the eut^ects he wiU rz-emJc. upca
are "The Science cf Harmony." "Choral
Hzsi£." "Composltlcr.'* "The History cf
Eerkeler O^-r! £ar Francisco Call.
Center Street. Oct. 2S-
The University cf California is going to
~*r a course tn music at the c«xt sum-
Course in Harmony Will
Be Given at Sum
mer Session.
The urst stove toward assenin* aa ta
terest ti a block cf realty belonging to
the Blake estate, situated is. the tearx ef
th- dry and ralued ti the =el*=aor=ood
cf SS/tia. »u made tn the courts ta-<ay
when letters cf admlnistratlisn w-er«
granted to William Dove en the estate ef
his grandfather, who died here mar* thaa
forty years affx
According to Attorney T. V. E&2y asd
Martin K«ity cf San Francises*, who »>•
p-ar in behalf cf ysuns Dovs. »h« grand
fa ther owned two lots cf land at T«tSi
street and Broadway. He died, asd bis
wife, who was left with three small ctC
dres. remarried and soli the itrsperty
without gsin* through the legal fansailry
cf havinx fcsr «I-c«ajetJ husband's estata
probated, and th* interests ef !3» thre*
children in the Uad w^as overlocied..
Tears w*nt en and the land. whicS w«st
Into the hands cf the late Fronds Bl.ike.
«n!or ctmi-er d the Crm cf Bliks aV
McCtt. increased in value ard has been
a bit as*** cf his estate.
m"<3f» Dove, a «sa of one cf th« thr**
chUdrea whes* legal rights. It t» aH«ge«J.
were not prcc«rty lccke»2 after us the sale
of the lani has just ccme of a?» and pro
pcs« to have the c!d cstat* ct his crisl
father probated, and to this eu*i he was
granted letters ts-day. with bis bond uxs4
at PSEC
Oakland OfSee Sin Fnnciieo Till.
IZH Broadway. Oct. 3L
William Dove Trying to
Get a Part of Rich
Estate.
cnrM and tbe=- as If spent by the exer
tion cf fcis tirade, brake down and wept.
He said he was glad his wife and son
were away, so that he could bear bis nu-
"I irast to say that I aever wanted
this stcry to ccme out. but it 13 better
tiit it should be known that I am not
the sen cf the miserable scouagrel who.
ta order t^ strike at me. sold the letters
in whicb. I rep reached r*— to the vile
press of New York."
Dowie bum into invective of the bit
terest typ* against tie press for pcblish
ing th* letters. He raged like a man
"Ur father, who was a cas of ti^S
stan'iing. ted cne cf the great cnargfs la
the Crimean war i=d died like a soldier at
the head cf his trocps.
NEW YORK. Oct. Zt— In a trckea j
¦rolce. with tears streaming- down his face
and his body shaking wltb. emotion. John i
Alexander Dcwie stool ca the platform
ta Madiscn S<;aare Garden to-cight. before
an audience of 1*>.CCQ persens. and an
eeoaeed that, tn truth, he was net the
son cf Jchs Hurray Bowie- cf EUsex.
Iowa, frcm whem he takes his patro
nymic, but that his father was a British
army cZcer, cf hi«s family. He heaped
vilification ard c*nundation upca John
Hurray Dowie.
The revelation was made at the end cf
an beer's tirade ayal=st the press cf this
city, tts treatxacat cf his work and kim
seif. betes styled a "conspiracy cf false
heed.'* the reporters denounced as "yel
low do«s. pci*cnccs reptiles, who hare
wrecked thousands cf homes and broken
thcusan-is of hearts."
He led up to the publlca.tlon this morti
btg cf extracts cf letters passing between
himself and Jchn Murray Dcwie. indicat
ing Dcwie"? denunciation cf the latter as
a parent, and -which were responsible for
the general overseer's partial exposition
cf the gr»it secret of his Ufe.
Shcuung at one mom«tit in a Ct of Tio-
Ie=t r*.g~ at the newspapers. Dcwie would
tne next moment speak in the m*rst g»ntle
voice of his mother and his yife. The
preat audience- was moved by his evident
emotion. Women wept and at times bursts
cf applause greeted his declarations.
Dowie announced that just cne year ago
he had addressed a meeting in, Chicago In
which he had told of as attempt at black
mail by a man writing from Bcstcn who
claimed ta have certain letters which had
passed between himself and J:hn Murray
Dowte. -That mm wrote m«." said
Dowie. "that the letters if published
might cause me annoyance', and in the
ge=ero«Ity cf his heart said that for CflCO
he would turn th-m over to me instead cf
to a Chicago newspaper. Garbled extracts
frcm these letters were published in a pa
per in this city' this menung. I challenge
that piper to produce the original letters.
which, as printed, are only misrepresented
extracts, distortions and largely concoc
tions obtained either txaa the man who
tried to blackmail me a year ago. gotten
frcm Jchn Murray Dowie by him at Els
sex. I«~ or else Jchn Murray Dowie. poor.
wicked man. who is so far lost to me as
to sell the letters of him he falsely said
wis his sen. These letters have ccme
either by robbery cr a sin much deeper
and mere wicked, the basest cf all sin."
Dowie was becoming greatly excited
! and tra.mp»ed the piatfena with, nervous
steps, his frame Quivering with the tn
tsr«ity cf his emotion.
"The best procf that John ilcrray
I Dowie was net my father ts." he shouted.
; TtbMt be has given =7" letters to him
. rebuking him. Were it ail against my
> self I would net care, but there is one,
' the clearest, the sweetest, purest woman
that ever was. who Ls now. tea years,
thank Go^i. In heaven— my mother.
"I denote* the publication cf these let
: ters because they *.re false in many parts.
: larr* extracts being emitted, thereby dis
1 tcrting- the meaning of the rest. ¦
ASSERTS CLAIM
TO BIG HOLDING
Vctsaillrs aven-e. ev»r which the track*
cf the S<rrthem Paciic now run. Attor
ney Slmpsca reported that Afar-tgtT
Krurtschnitt gave h'n no assurance that
«-:.-. actlcn wcsld b* taken, btit »xpliin*4
the company would ccntrtb'st* pro rata
toward improving the avenue wnenere?
the City Trustees crdered the wcri «!on«.
The franchise criinances win be taken cp
a^ain next ifcn-iay cijht.
ta prcper fom Car paisase by Oty
Attcmey M. W. Simpscs. who saii that
he wcrsld rerrnire mere ti=e t>7 frame »
frsi^ht e!a:^e in the measures that wou!4
te satisfactory ta the City Tr=3-.eo mi
tie Soathem Pacific Ccnspaay- S=p*oa
rep«rrt-d that he conferred with General
UasApr J-ilr-u Krt;tt9chnitt this aft<r
nccn and was te'd fcy that o£c-i! cf th«
raUr;ad that the Southern Paciio woulJ
nut accept the franchise* far any shorter
periods th-ia those asked for. ramely.
thirty-tiree years CbC the aoeCh side tts«
and fcrty-f- ur years fcr the osxtb sala
Hn«L Mr. Krcttschnitt farther tnfcr=ed
Attcmey S!=:;scn that his cc=p*ny wocld
ayre* to the embodying cf c'anses la bota
franchises restricting the cperatin* o£
freight trains "in the city. The cause
also said that the Southern PiclSc woold
tccn prcc«*2 to ascertain the ccst and
f?asi3i!i:y cf lnsta!Un? an e!?ctric serrtc*
en th« south side line. VSlti resari t»
deeding t» th* city that pcrtica of Ensl
cai averse between Reyent street aad
AXA51HDA. Oct. ZT-— No definite artiaa
was takra by Ui City Tr-s!«es t>ci»=X
ctt th* twa raHrcad fnnchises, as the or
dinances granting them csdd not be gut
I>» not miatotisryret =ty eaaid »«irti=:«=t. «tr.
I Jiive co »-.*•- t=t*rws wiatJc<T«r at «tai*.
eiauer la t»T-*rr er a*aia»t Ira:" an or a=y cii*r
taarEij-rasts. All ri-r- --¦« — ¦ i~ »ai afVta' Italy
»•<<* an trxiiis Itaiiasj ta tie V=it-il ?:.»:•»
ka<r» By «>'« uste that I asa ccp»«d t* tie £a
eccsm* cf a larger irzsiier of tsisicrxats tias
the later =artai caa eajOr <*.i~,l- I ta occ
therein*. <i*f«=dis* ti* Inisrx cf ej coenrry
m*a. I asa cdy d*f*s«ii=* tieir grtajgrtcAtati
asiJ BsijrTpreseatatl tr=* w.jrti «ad aseritSL
?7"-r t~,"7 'to rAll*-l> Ibas =«i »r sj±o«s albeit
jratiiaiie •.» its fceaeiactac*. frcca tie ¦:-ir--:'»~
tsTeatar oC* tie pfcsw ta tie t^-acre-I i — nrrtal
d<»oerT«r»r cf Asertca. n<x- ever befsre «r sisc*.
if tiJt»rr teaca a« trsti.
Bct Asaerscass are. «r fcasdlr claim u be. a
«=p«rscr r*e«. a noSI-r peeple. Vaw til» is tia
rljirr * rr--f: i-»il- It :r:i;« tsar? tiajs
tuo«» cf territory, cf a=si«r. ef »»*:: i as>f
pj«»r: tt izipiies ..u.xs thai ti* icoexsry o£ a>
Cirtstiaa prcrsssicn. a daiiy :z-ri.-. ta Go«i; ts
issues escr« tias tie d*asar»tsies.s ef boiy
a-..* s<»ii cy the weight ct < X. it*. Tea. ttr. ti
lapUss. atsoT« all ei*e. ti* ccst diTtae attri
butes ct Gcd 13 etas; the iiriza Ttrtses cf rea!
cr»tlt3d« aad Jsatice ta «O.
Is U rut. tics. '.* a x~-dizx to ti« tree
>.i*-.-i- spirit ef ftljztji*. ta te *"' i^-'-frt
*-.i »i«Titiix. :* tt a sir* st£a «f »ujcicrtty
c; teart t^^ "^— «* ta lyscr* tie Ttrtses a=iJ
-i«rtts cf ccr fcetp*f ? Is !l tra* Eecleaew c<
character aad scd f> crsdsce. si»rt;ftje3t and
•U? ccr besef actsn, fcaw*Ttr sxaiist and hi=-
OS. really ehlralrsKS Asserteaa Paia*»r
c rx>xr»csa
Secretary ItaHaa C&aasber d Coossrerc*.
T«. Hr. Faiae- Ti««* "js»'" Italian* ti3
yesr #£1. week rscr £ar=*. bel? ta ecnjtra-t
ycer rcais,. trldjes asi r*^*aj»: t«I> ta de-
T»t«rp yoir =si3«s. ta <pi»rry aa>i «arre ywsr
«scea. » bciil rrcr <lnrci*«. t«=si*». saiac««
i:i ciasfcsj. aad ties beastif7 t&ess ¦»•.•»
ti* Er*£c!il«9a exceil«ac« a< tiatr *rti*t^
I-nTos; ta »5ort. tiey i*lp to earici yocr hart^T
anil fcaiier*. ta Bake yocr mt"ltfsa^e« anSB
dil^csaire*. to esiasir* ti« rrx=»iesr of y^ir
tii3stn<» and cities, ta cr*at« tie wijederf^i
EascrUi prrcresi of tiia ?rmi and tiesaed
coensry.
g— — *:^— t^r «^ * *».t y^ *3C«e JT^4t, tr-x: *^"* Tia;
po^rtrty; Bet so tail yoor Ceitse An«ia-Sai^tj
f^t»Iati«r». Ti*y for^x ••Ir»:iaa bet
so do ti* A=;«r-rans ia Italy aai ¦rrery»i*rs
«Iae. For <Jisa4Taatas^ cl Urgstg* a=4 4ir«
ceowsii?. icnu=«t ti»y ha»« ti »ir'* Jjc J-«
tu's f»j-T ctier erctier wcrt*r». 6>it so i*
AE«rtc*is ta. tt=» e« dire aeceMttx. T^rr
;r»* 1. i~— * ¦ i..— »r»ry «.-=:• l*» ;r»**-rs *-- :
>?<---3'a Bet »*t* -_i-.: :;» . .-.y cr n« ¦;.-••¦*
coc? LcciE at rocr <m iy=ca*r». c*a 6cr=.«r«.
train wreciers. ciecit raaerj. ern&fn.'era-
WTsaJ a E^tcnii»ai *£>! :r.ji:'-.. *rri7
A» a fcanktr. Sir. Paise. yoa kaow. cr ocss:
tj fcxw. that it l« the aiTtrsities asl stijfar
tunes cf ctiers that crak*. acre tiaa a=ytii=*
else, ti* fcrt3M cf fc*ik»r» &• wed u ti* si
- ;r%tl cr^» — •**» c£ -J — :c*
thkv ESTilCH THE has vc !-"r<;
Go to Jlszu aroc3il ti* wlady a=d eTer
ll*t*o. tsto 5*ata Can VaCey. araL-d ai>rk
scb> Ni;a Fr«s=«>. T^are. Ixm Ar**l-?*. Car»
accja. ca ti* «iop*§ af tie Si«rrx». aicn* tie
entire great rr:a:ay *ectisa of Caof^r^i*; tira
wi«reT«r yoa =ny. *r.i beicli: wias a =**-
d2c«ac« el Ttjetatioc wcr'<— rajgfci? asi nd-
Union: As4. ca ayg>q*»-f;try raa=y c^ ti«
uzaez ':--iM-..t.'. orciar4». nrj rf lie cu^tt
w«n-**pc Tt3*T»T!i». =aay <s£ tie cast fr=it
fsl ami prsCtaite jarfees. If rax si* Vxrs^st,
asy heaest asd c= prejudiced A=*eriiaa iria ia-
TariaSiy exrlai=s ta yo«"- "ItAlUrti. l:a'.aa^r'
Te*. Mr. Pafce. C> b> ti* T.vr'.-.g Z+er. ioi
fiab KariK«*. t» ti* fns; *ad r«?»taiie =xr
t*-j- Are they sat s3PTU~i by tS«ae ""sa
<i«e»te<r- Ia.:»a»T Go u» lie OM o« Poiiee
cf Saa Fnccisct> *2>i asic tta If be or Su
fsrc« erer k=*» a »tnsl< I^^aa prcautst*:
aai tin If taa s«tler» <st tie Italia "^ixrt«r"
are eoc u L»»-atii;n?-. yeaoffsl. toc«« dtl
xe=a aa tie *T«rif e Asertcass ire. Go to tae
Tax CoC«ctcr acd ask tin If i* does sot eol
lect nxes as o^rer *Ii.CC«i.€vO ¦»r:t-ia c? prop
erty, reai «n± persocai. tte^crf sx t» tiese "~Airw
jra»i«d. <ias«-»rr^i»." Z:i.'..i=j KTin'n* tie
refjr»2ce fc>»«tj of tie t»» jrtat Az:eri-caa
r«;erenc» a?«nct<« and aix ti«ir CA2A«*rs
wiy they have LUt»d cr*r *» Ir*'Ur bctsai
botue* ta Caiifjrsta *. :-+ •»-.:.•. a credit cf
trotn. $3&> to KOO.O.'O eaci. AJk ?acr scicci
t*iiz-trs »-^i cc£I««e prof«»joca •* ti*
cr ti*ae TMotaor *=>i ty=ora=t"" Ir«:tars» ar»
doc «^-r-,-y tie b#st betaTtd. ratei^-at asd
crijst cf *U ti-?ir cLuses. Se*r^J» ti« crl=i=a:
r«c«cis. the pa»cer tatltaticci ; do ti*y f=r
cUi as easy I:a..i; ca=*». ta properties cf
sssi&er. as tiey &'> of *<if-<alliss Aasertca— <?
Xa. lir": SearrS tie r«ccri§ ¦>£ tie satiic'J
acay »a'i 11**7. Hit* bb( ts^sjrrfs. or.
• -.-¦. «:» - -« o^ ti*se "<i««»E'»r»le«^* T' J '* J ~» i«xt
tietr bc&es cc ti* bwKfaOtti Bat •»¦»-.=*• tie
Ass..s»aa Czica. f» tu ei^=*taa. for t5*
ylijry ct the st»r-«p*2*i*d banr«r. far tS«
triartyJi asd rre*ta-i«s cf tiii. their 1 i :-.-*¦:
eacstry?
Yes, 3fr. P»i2e. Ti«s< "ujillaestad I-iIfan
¦W«r» »rc ti*T Etaie sir. la ts# tr**r sa-
Jortty cf :±i~ by tie «X.5«3O :-.».„ i- » ta Call
fcrsia.. Uii oct by th» e*»««rf=l Bt=>i. reared
ty th* STr«ail2« fcra»* perfectsd fcy tie cs
tirifi* ha=»i al ti«se "V>w yralied Trri-vai U
tcrerf o< Cru:*! eaymetzy asti lat«Illse=ceT"
DZTESDS HIS CX>X37TrB.T2IXX.
I praj- l£r. P*i=* r> a Stile fnrther tias
tit« "f-acieUa <^art«r»." Too are a btzXrr
a=<i . t*rJt*rs. a* a rcie. wlti ti:«ir «r «t2*r
F*r5le'» cscoey. c*2 ailarrj It. C> frsta 5a2
Dt«r> «o SUitjaa. frets ti« ecea's t» ti* . 5 * e *';
r*»; :.>-.~l *t ti« i"«>H pliira. »t ti* sralarux
=*r»i«. «t me sa^lr. t=t7. *^=r — -» »=ti
i-wuw'ifBi cocTerted iat> -!tr''*' ; « ia frail cr
eSarfsi asd naeyaris. t=.u tScciaaSs ef ciam-
Etorti^ the recent ccaT«sticn cf the
A=ericas. Bankers* Asaociattan W1215
P*n:e. president ef the Consolidated Na
tional Bank of New Tori, presiste<l a pa
per ca -SaTts^s Ea^ks that Have
Failed.* before the savtarj t^^k sectica
cl the ccn^eirtlco-
Tfee fonowtn* "open letter" has been
sect to Tfc* Call by C- Dossdero. secretarr
o£ th« ItaliAa CLii=iber cf Cc=ierce cf
Saa Frascisco. relative u> eertaia state
dents cociiisad in Paine* address:
S^: I bar* ra>i n« rSBrtan Basis Tiar
Ene Fii:««i" a=.i ro»=d U t5e =>»t ist«rws
fcuc *=ii »T*i7.itM« S*?*r IMKari *t tie
r**ccy-cl=is oicv«itie»s cf si* Aanrtcis
Bi=i»r»' Aj3c«satk«. Mj i^S'i«=t*=t r=ar c«
ta error, but IT a t*. tt is KSjijr fe«-~a=»< I
3_— bcc a ;ir-iir.
I »a «at bastml sir. *fi«r b*si sccKKatr? j».
*2cScc»h. la (COBBaaa w^ii t£o«LS»:»t» >rf oci«r
jeoctlesa "or '«-"'•« rr*»l» »=»i .iic*pc: ; ;cA
ily »>*•»_¦ »? yja *U! *?«. t3 e»«2 sore sijelisii
i---i fclfier — JwStlc*.
Baak«r» ar» i **rr sferewi ca3tios». ofc
strv^as *=<i tiocufitTil s« cf f«5rJ« »»i. f 3 "
traUr w*U l=fxT=«i *t !<*»c =i«re m tiaa
pollrtctana ta «T»st <rf Tote*. i=d for =>»^
sciid »=«£ pow-rrfiiJ reoacs*. I »»*. Cser-fic*.
ecjutiieraSiT «-^r jcistj as j-3«r r*C*ctise oo
ratOCC cf ti* L*ti=* «=i SUt»- It*I:a3«.
AT3«trtass Ha&sarxss. R33Btai«." J^» *»T
-ar« fined ok^ far '-^r T7%£t* cl sranxti U
bcr pcviaciiaaLatiT rf U=slt»<l e»y*dTr *»* Ia«
crter o« i3t*£U«»sice. cr*«iia« tie w«li-i*r=«»<l
fariiya. qi*rt«»' ta tii» city rf 3*a FV*=
clscsx"
MUSIC TO CHARM
STUDENT BREAST
This cc— rVtte* also kfHed the reaevs-
C» C-e-^.a-^ing Brae the United States
""""^"T S13JK0XCC add:ti==2L
A resoluticn *rxs »r:ictei rrrvi-ii^c frr
the ad>r um'^^ietit cf the Cclstntmi Co™
ST»s* (>c Kartell: *r It Ther-» is a r*>*
¦*M* 'T r that *. re*o%-tio<i -f sc=i< kind
wCl p«ss Cprfrress recariinjT the actiati
t-> be taker: fcy the Cbiei^Caa Gcvemniest
plica^d tj- the Prestden.tU.1 election.
¦w-t-? will occnr ir. Dece=.b«r. asd tha
£«r:ra.tiotis cf the 5€T^.tcrtaI candiiat-s.
PANAMA. Oct. S.— The authorities here
?ult» received a tctesraxa saying that the
Govermert trt»ps whirh ar* aiTancing
upen th« band el seventy
Atlantic aide cf the ischmis abest no
we«*s ag-?, had located the »se=j- sad
* x rect»d to engig* thed shcrtly-
PABZS, Oct. ZS— Catle a£*tas r-ceired
r»r<» to-day Jrcis Bogota. Colombia, an-
Erwsnc* that the cc=i=^ttee cf »«—?-*.
tloc cf Ccr_rress his reported airersely
the till declaring trvslt-i the- wcte-sion of
Use granted the Panacia Canal Cc=i
par.y.
Qoleeasan Congress ca ratify tr.«? Hay-
Ilerrar canal treaty, with rumors c? "a
iwnT-lhsi both ca the isthmus asd at
£--*?*-*. caused precautionary =<eas
cres to be taken. The United States is
r--;u:re^ by the treaty cf Dal Ca r-.a---a.i
& rr*» transit acr-^s the tsthmss. As this
car fc« interrrrte-i at any ti=< it was
thcught a'Ttsrabl? tc- hasfra a strops
frrre cf -narin»s to that vicinity, so that
th«y-cecl«5 be fcreught irrto use with the
t^ast delay. Th* exact destlnatica of the
X>3ie is net <ii«>-:~-«~i_
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2L-Tfce fesrried
lepartsre of Che converts cruiser Dixie
*rc~ I^eag-.ie I?i»rt<i. carrying *30 marines.
«-as fcr the purpose of negtlus; any pea~
' ¦'•¦'¦* esats&axT ca tt* Isth=:~s d Pan
ama cr fcs the Cariibeaa meters, it is ad
r.fTTrd ts-eSxfct is Gov«na«it qoarteraj
t---«i <i*r:i-d that any intematscnai ccnv-
HcatVa is ia sight cr anticipated. A
I*e~rr c - -=r»*T ca th* Isthm;2s cf Pan
irna. resulting frocx the CriScre ef the
sz***i nttgtga ts Tte car
City Attorney Will Draw
Up New Freight
Clauses.
C. Dondero Answers Charges
Made at the Recent
Convention.
Deny That Any In
ternational Complication
Is in Sight.
Publiclj Denounces the Man
From Whom He Takes
His Patronymic.
Steps AreTaken to Meet
Any Emergency on
the Isthmus.
Says That His Father
Was a British Army
Officer.
Alameda City Trustees
Delay Passage for
One Week.
Banker Willis Paine of
New York Taken
to Task.
Without a Hitch the San Francisco, Oakland^ and San
Jose Opens Ferry Service, Beginning Operations on
Branch Between College Town and San Francisco
DEFER ACTION
ON FRANCHISES
RESENTS ATTACK
UPON ITALIANS
NEW ERA IN DEVELOPMENT
OF BAY CITIES INAUGURATED
CRUISER DIXIE
GOES TO PANAMA
DOWIE REVEALS
HIS LIFE SECRET
THE SAX FB A2sCJSCO CALIi. TUESDAY. OCTOBER 27. 1903.
9
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
docs no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So.
bad soap is better than
none,
What is bad soap ? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and ?1M« not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
acid a3 c*ex tbe wedd.
AD VE^t i. i S E >i .^ i^L
GIVE IT A TRIAL.
The next time jour stomach
b«con:es -weak and you suEcr
from Loss cf Appetite, Brlrhrng.
Heartburn, Nausea, Cramps, Ia-
digestiori. Dyspepsia or Constipa-
tion, we urge a trial of Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters. .Yot:T! b«
well pleased with the result, be-
cause it positively cures such
complaints. Hundreds of siddy
men and women hare testified to
its efscacy. Get the genuine with
our Private Stamp over the neck
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
BEilOOXWOJUC AT COST.
I TT^y wear a cgr>«r>;g> vlxz* t^as im»:»
¦ ii« rxJ cf the ffxcT?t vaea y?3 cas iiM t»R3
' w:ticct? Ccr it<sisaacs cf %ri±r» *\a% s*r-
: rrff«' T T se?«rt3tca£s Z22* werk tzi rsrsithes 4
I »r.t'w r=arait«« far tea year*.
Paisloa 11-t^t.li. •-«=.=* Ttm.
Cntu:« Oaiy. Extrfcraca Fw.
T«k Day*. » to »; Saaday*. 9 » L
!7OST-amASVAXS JXEarSAI, CvT.LSSl
Saa Tzaadaeo— 3 Taylor Stzaat.
Oailaai— 9T3 Waak2B«nea tum.
Saa Jc«a « ZAn isms* Can timfcTO ARRIVE. "
Steamer. • . From. I Due.
Montara Seattle Oct. 27
Chehalls GrayB Harbor Oct. 27 I
F. H. Leggett Humboldt Oct. 27
Hero Oyster Harbor Oct. 27
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 27
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 27
Redondo it Oct. 27
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 27
Chtco Coquille River Oct. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Oct. 2H
Teru New York via Panama . Oct. 28
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 28
Nlcarla Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 29
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Oct. 29
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
PantaRoPB... San Diego & Way I->orts|Oct. 29
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Ptl Arena. iOct. 29
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports |Oct. 29
Cu-seao Mexican Port* Oct 29
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way PortslOct. 29
Eureka Humboldt | Oct. 30
Crurina Coos Bay IOct. 30
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Oct. 3 1
San Pedro... S Rn Pedro |Oct. 31
£\ Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Oct. 31
Orci'i Humboldt I Nov. 1
Rhir.'er Seattle & Whatcom "Nov. 1
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Nov. 1
Portland Nome via Seattle Nov. 1
G. W. Klder.. Portland & Astoria Nov. 1
Stain "I Cal... San Diego & Way PortslXov. 2
r.onita Newport & Way Ports. iNov. 2
Centralla Grays Harbor |Nov. 3
Alameda Honolulu s Nov. 3
UmRtilla..... Puget Sound Ports Nov. 3
Sin Juan New York via Panama. Nov. 4
Nebraskan... Honolulu INov. 5
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma INov. 5
TO SAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails.l Pier.
October 27.
Phoenix MenUocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm[Pler 2
F. Leggett:. Lcs Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPier 10
Coronado... Ixjs Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Plir 2
Nevadan Honolulu 3 pm Pier 23
October 28.
Iaqua Humboldt 11 arriPier 2
Corona HumboHt ..|l:30 p Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts.l 9 am Pier 11
Queen Pucret Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 3
October 29. A \
Montara Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pmlPIer 9
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
October 30. . ¦
Arctic. ..... Humboldt .4 pm Pier 10
Alliance.... Huieka & Coos Bay ..;... Pier 10
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Californlan. New York direct.. Pier 23
Columbia... Astoila & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
October 31.
8an Pedro.. Humboldt ..I 4 pra Pier 2
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. I 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt | 9 am|Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 pjPier 9
Pt. Arena... Pclnt Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Coptic...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork.... Humboldt 5 pro Pier 2
November 1. . --. |
S. Rosa San Dleeo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San PeJrn & Way. 9 am Pier 11
/¦ November 2. I
Olympic Whatcom & Falrh' n| 4 pm| Pier 2
City Fuebla. Puget Sound PorU.Ill amjPler 3
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 110 amlPler 2
November 4. | I
O. W. Eldei Astoria & Portlandlll am|Pler24
FROM .SEATTLE/
Steamer. For | Sails.
P'rlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Oct.*3o
Humboldt . . . Bkagway & Way i Ports. Oct. 31
Excelplor Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov 1
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Nov! 2
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports/ Nov. 4
Bertha ,Valdez & Way Ports..) Nov. 7
Valencia Skagway &' Way Ports.. |Nov. 7
The schooner W. F. Jewett. which arrived
yesterday twenty days from Klawack l-eports
that on October 10. when off Queen Clferlotte
Island, she carried away her main and spanker
booms. In a southeast gale. The Jewett
Loses Booms in a Gale.
The whaling bark Charles W. Morgan passed
Point R*yea at 2:30 yesterday afternoon and
will be la port probably some time to-day.
She has been In the Okhotsk Sea and is the
first of the fleet to put in an appearance The
Morgan is owned by J. and W. R Wing of
New Bedford, whose representative arrived
here a few days ago.
First of the Whalers.
Miss O. White, Mrs. E. Wlnans. L.. Wlnans,
H. Wlnans. C. Wlnans. A. Ogden and wife, B.
Ogden. A. I>t>ngey. U Thornahlen and wife.
B. Acosta. L. Sardonl. F. Mora and wife D.
Mora. R. Fronlss. H. Fronlss E. FronUs Mlas
A. T. Fronlss. B. Salaverry, A. Vincent. T.
Aroianena, Mrs. D. Groswoldt, D. Groswoldt
F. Groswoldt,
The Kosmos liner Ramses arrived yesterday
from Hamburg and South and Central Amer
ican ports. She brought 2170 tons of cargo
and 26 passengers. The vessel was detained
at quarantine to be fumigated, but the cabin
passengers were transferred to a tug and land
ed. Among tbe passengers were:
Ramses Arrives From Hamburg.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Captain Mclntyre and a number of the sur
vivors of the wrecked steamer South Portland
are coming here ¦ from Bandon on the steam
schooner Chlco. which Is due some time to-day.
Conservative men of the shipping world are
Inclined to reserve their Judgment on Captain
Mclntyre's conduct in making his own safety
the first consideration, but on the facts so far
known he will have a hard time explaining
the curious part he' played In the abandon
ment. In discussing Mclntyre frequent ref
erence is made to brave Captain Ward of the
steamship Rio de . Janeiro, whose death was a
fulfillment of the noblest traditions of the
sea. After tbe Rio struck Ward used -his au
thority to maintain discipline and to his last
heroic efforts many passengers on the Ill-fated
liner owe their lives. Of his own life ha took
no account. When he had done all he could
he retired to his cabin and when the Rio sank
her skipper was still at hie post.
Not Like Ward of the Rio.
The German steamer Isis of the Kosmos line
sailed on Friday for Hamburg and way ports
with cargo laden at this port, valued at $0S.
853, and distributed as follows: For Mexico,
$12,088; Central America, $5044; Colombia,
$27,871; Ecuador. $11,501; Chile, $282; Eng
land, S40S9; Holland, $2904; France, $2614.
The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 31 bbla flour, 718 gals 33 cs wine,
130 gals CO ce whisky, 1216 lbs ham and ba
con, 252 lbs tea, C6 pkes groceries and pro
visions, 40 cs canned goods, 1582 lbs dried
fruit, 357 lbs nuts, 10 cs bread, 1C51 lbs lard,
30>cs ealad oil. 1H3 lbs meals, 401 Ib3 cheese,
30 pkgs fresh frultp. 3bO pkgs potatoes, tiS
pkgs onions, V45 lbs spices, 8 pkgs paste, 3 cs
brandy, 1 cs honey, 8 cs cartridges, 6 bales
broomeorn, 0G £k» coke, 34 pkgs machinery, 8
kegs naiiF, 4 cs boots and shoes. 73 pee ti bills
Iron, 4 coils rope, 2311 lbs greape. CC14 lba
resin, 51 S cs 200 kecs blasting powder, 20 pkgs
paper, 2397 lbs 3 pkg» BOda, 10 pkgs drugs
and sundries, 15 cs coal oil, 2 cs tlrearms, 20
cs fuse, S pkgs agricultural implements, 41
pkgs paints, 10 bbls crude oil, 18 pkgs build
ins material, 14 likgs ship chandlery, 2318 ft
lumber, 25 reels barbed wire, . 70 boiler tubes.
To Central America — .14!» bbls flour, 550 lba
raisins, 25 pkgs fresh fruit. 126 lbs dried fruit,
225 lbs "epices, 210 lbs tea, 102 gals wine, 1158
lbs nuts. 6 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10
ci> whisky, 92 cs gasoline, 7W cs coal oil, 7(i
cs dynamite, ISO kegs blasting powder, 14 cs
caps and fuse, 1C07 lbs copper plate, 30 reels
barbed wire. 50 cs saltpeter, 8 pkgs machinery,
10 cs distillate. 7 cs 2 bbls oil. !>02 lbs soda,
25 pkgs steel. 3 bbls crude oil. 84 pkgs car
material.
To Colombia— P20 bbls flour. 2631 gals wine,
13<i cs canned goods, 372 lbs codfish. 182 lbs
raisins, 2S0. lbs bread, 22 pkgs paste, 20,2(53
lbs sugar, 408 cs canned salmon, 6 cs dried
fruit, 100 lbs tea, 200 lbs nuts. 077 lbs gar
banzos, 044 lbs lentils, 41 pkes groceries and
provisions, 308 bxs soap, 1400 cs blasting pow
der, 42 colls rope, 16 cs arms and ammunition,
t> bales bags, 5 cs boots and shoes, 4 cs oils.
22 ca axle grease, 5 cs caps, 3277 ft lumber,
230 pes 3 bdls Iron, 81 bales overalls, 76 pkgs
harness, 40 kegs mule shoes, 224 aks coal, 12
pes steel, 0 fiasks quicksilver, 6 reels barbed
wire.
To Ecuador — 1140 bbls flour. 5792 gals wine,
90 gals brandy, 20 ca whisky, 119 cs salmon,
73 cs canned goods, 4 pkgs groceries and pro
vlfions, 2069 lbs lard, 1500 lbs codfish, 30 ctls
potatoes, 26 colls rope, 3 cs boots and shoes,
U3 bdls Iron, 6 bales brooms, 4 bdls oars, 220
bdls lion bolt?.
To Chile — 800 lbs dried fruit. 25 cs salmon,
3 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1 ca whisk}'.
To England — 26,000 lba dried fruit, , 10,205
gals brandy.
To Holland — 85,602 lbs dried prunes, 100 cs
canned vegetables. s
To France — 33.000 lbs - dried prunes, 500 cs
canned fruit.
Exports by the Eosmos Liner.
The news that the old brig Tanner had gone
ashore at Port Angeles and probably would
prove a total loss was received yesterday In
the local shipping world with considerable in
terest. The Tanner was about the oldest and
one of the most picturesque vessels on the Pa
cific. In 1S55. when she was launched at
Smlthtown, N. Y., she was as tight and saucy
a brig as ever flew the stars and strlpea. For
ty-eight years of sea service, however, trans
formed the Tanner Into a floating sieve in
which no sallorman less brave than her
ekipper and' owner. Captain Newhall, would
have dared to venture beyond easy reach of a
life-saving station. The Tanner was equipped
with an enormous windmill which operated a
pump that, aided materially In keeping her
afloat. When the windmill got out of order
the ordinary hand pump lacked the capacity to
handle the water that leaked through her
eeams and the Tanner was in constant trou
ble. In spite of her age and openwork hull,
however. Captain Newhall kept his old brig
In active commission and made long ocean
voyages in her long after the surveyors had
gl\en her up as a hopeless derelict. Captain
Newhall who managed to escape with his life
in this "latest mishap to the brig. Is an old
man. Years ago he gave up the command of
the bark Amelia at the solicitation of his
daughter, who thought her fathtx, .at that
time too old for the rigorous life of the sea,
He said good-by to the ocean and became ln
teie«ted in the logging business. Life" ashore,
however proved Irksome to the ancient mari
ner and' when the opportunity presented Itself
he bought the Tanner and has stayed with her
ever since.
Passing: of the Brig Tanner.
Barley for England.
The British ship Peter Iredale was cleared
yesterday for Ipswich. England, with 07.521
ctls barley, valued at .$01,000 and 20,000 ft
lumber :;.¦• dunnage, valued at $320.
A manifest was filed at the Custom-house
yesterday representing an addition to the cargo
of the bark Olympic, which sailed on Satur
day for Honolulu. Tbe manifest was valued
at ?1575 and consisted .of 718 ctls barley,
lU,8tS7 lbs middlings and 4S0 ska plaster. ,
An Additional Manifest.
The German ship Ariadne, now on Puget
Bound, was chartered prior to arrival for lum
ber, thence to Valparaiso for orders (Plsaqua
range;, at 3Cs, 2s Cd less direct.
2TC"WS OF THE OCEAN.
Oceanic Steamship Company's
II liner Mariposa, Captain Rennie,
j I Railed yesterday for Tahiti with
passengers and a full cargo. The
Tahiti trip Is growing in favor
with tourists and the Mariposa provides
all the comforts of a private yacht. The
march of civilization Is gradually chang
ing the o!d primitive life on the Islands
of the south seas, but Tahiti still retains
the best of the old things, is peculiarly
attractive to tourists and the Oceanic
Steamship Company has brought the isl
and's tropic delights within easy reach of
the busy workaday world.
Those that sailed on the Mariposa in
cluded the following named:
Mr. and Mrs. M. Z. Merthes. Miss Potnare,
A W. Johnson Harry Johnson. Frank Pucher,
l'ean de Ponnly. Mrs. Monier. Rev. T. Elch,
Rev. L Robin and Rev. J. Chesneau.
brought 16,772 cases and 52 barrels of sal
mon.
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 26, 1903:
.The Time Ball on the. tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant U. S. N.,ln charge.
Movements of Steamers.
BRIG TANNER THAT IS REPORTED WRECKED NEAR PORT ANGELES. SHE HAD BEEN IN COMMISSION
NEARLY HALF A CENTURY AND WAS ONE OF THE MOST PICTURESQUE VESSELS PLYING ON THE PA
CIFIC OCEAN.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 27. '
Sun rises 6:29 a. m.
Sun sets 5:17 p.m.
Moon sets 11:09 p.m..
O |Time| |Time| |Tlme| |Tlme| •
p I 1 1 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. ( 1 Ft. 1^ Ft.
f 1H W| |L W| |H W] |L W|
27 15:301 4.7110:42 S.2I 4:22 4.4111:00 0.8
28 6:21 4.8|11:59 3.0| 5:32 4.2|ll:50 1.0
29 I 7:06| 4.8| 1:00 2.7| 6:40 4.1
L W H W L WJ H W
30 0:42 1.2 7:47 5.0 1:48 .2.8 7:42 4.2
31 1:35 1.3 8:25 5.2 2:30 1.8 8:37 4.3
.1 2:16 1.4 8:56 5.2 3:06 1.4 9:26 4.5
NOTE — In - the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides • are . given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fonrth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when. there arc but three tides, as
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 26.
, U 8 etmr HughMcCulloch. CoulBon, 3 daya
from Port Townsend.
Strm Gipsy. Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports, . . :, ...... . ...
CLEARED.
Monday, October 26.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennle. Tahiti; J D Spreckels
& Bros Co.
Br bark Peter Iredale, Lawrence, Ipswich;
G W McNear.
Schr Pearl. Soderholm, Sand Point; Alaska
Codfish Co. \
SAILED.
Monday, October 26.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennle, Tahiti.
Stmr James Dollar, Thwlng. Seattle.
8tmr Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Newbursr. Andreaen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival, McClements. Wlllapa Harbor.
( Stmr Aurelia. Petersen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Awto. Dunham. Plu»on Point.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, San Pedro.
Schr Ida A, Beck. Point Reyes.
Schr John A. Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Je6»le Minor. Jorpensen, Coos Bay.
Schr Pearl. Soderholm. Sand Point.
Schr P S Rtdneld. Hutton. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Oct 26. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.
MEMORANDUM.
Per *eh W J Jewett, from Klawack. Oct 26 —
Oct 10, oft Queen Charlotte Island, carried
away main and spanker boom In heavy SB gale.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE. Oct 26 — Stmr Centennial Is ashore
8 miles S of Alkl Potnt: will float; no damage.
CORRECTION".
Reported speaking of Ger ship Adel&Ido a
rnletak*; vessel was Br hark Adderly, from
Eureka for Sydney, Oct U2. lat 3ft N long 12S W.
SPOKEN.
Oct S^— Lat 6 S long: 33 W. Br bark Ventura,
from Shields for Port Ansreles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Arrived Oct 20 — Bktn Robert Sud
den, from Wlnslow.
Sailed Oct 2« — Br stmr Heathdene. for Yoko
hama; stmr San Mateo, for San Francisco;
schr Admiral, for San Diego.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 25— Schr W H
Smith, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Sequoia, hence Oct 22.
' MARSHFIEX.D — Arrived Oct 25 — Schr West
ern Home, hence Oct 15. Oct 20— Stmr Empire,
hence Oct 23.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Oct 26— Schr Spo
kane, hence Oct 17: schr Gamble, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 26 — Scbr Spokane, for Port Lud
low.
UMPQUA — Sailed Oct 22 — Schr Beulah, for
San Pedro.
BANDOX— Sailed Oct 25 — Stmr Chlco, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 25 — Schr CoquIHe, from San
Pedro. Oct 2(3 — Schr Antelope, from San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Scotia, hc«
Oct 24; stmr Pomona, hence Oct 25; stmrs
Acme and W H Kruger. hence Oct 25.
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr Redondo, for San Fran
cisco and San Pedro; stmr Francis Legrgett. for
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived Oct 26— Br
bark $*orfarshli*. from Honolulu; schr Com
merce, from IJIlo; bktn Koko Head from Che-'
malnus; schr Gamble, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 26 — Schr Inca. for Adelaide.
Pass»d In Oct 20 — Schr Expansion, from San
Pedro for Tacoma; Br bark Chlltonford, for
Tacoma.
COOS BAY — Arrived Oct 2<5 — Stmr Empire,
NvESTPORT— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr West
port. hence Oct 25.-
TATOOSH — Passed In Oct 26 — Ger ship Chile,
from Antwerp for Seattle; bark Reaper, hence
Oct 18 for Port Townsend: schr W llbert L
Smith hence Oct 10 for Fairhaven; Br ship
Nivell* hence Oct 10 for Chemainus; Br ship
Cambuskenneth. hence *Oct 15 for Port Towns
end: stmr Ferris S Thompson, from Alaska for
C SOUTH BENt^-Arrlved Oct 26 — Bktn Glean
er 'sBATTLE — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Umatills,
"sailed 0 Oct" 2C— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
r EVERETT— Sailed Oct 26— Bark Vidette, for
a pORT r LUr>LOW— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Spo
kane, from Port Gamble.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 26 — Ger ships Arthur
Fitter and Chrlstel, from Hambunr; stmrs Chas
Nelson and Despatch, hence Oct 23. ; i.
VENTURA — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Green
wood, from Albion. ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦* -^ •*
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 20 — Stmrs Samoa
and Fulton, hence Oct 24; aehrs Esther Buhne
and Dora Bluhm. from Eureka. Oct 25— Schr
Caroline, from Umpqua. ¦::--:
Sailed Oct 26— Schr H D Bendlxsen, for
'san DIEGO — Arrived Oct 26 — U S stmr Mo
hican, hence Oct 21.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Cleared Oct 24— Ship Aryan,
for San Francisco.
NORFOLK. Va — Cleared Oct 24 — Br stmr St
George, for Manila.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed Oct 25. noon — Jap stmr
America Maru, for San Francisco. Oct 26 —
Bktn J L Eviston, for .
FOREIGN PORTS. "_.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 22 — Ger «tmr Anu
bis. hence May 26.
BATAVIA— Sailed Oct 0 — Br stmr Ivydene,
for .
CALLAO— Arrived Oct 23 — Bark Holllswood,
from Hongkong.
Sailed Oct .24— Ger stmr Totmes, for San
Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Oct 25 — Br stmr Do
ric hence Oct 7.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Oct 22— Br atmr Lo
thtan. for Manxanlllo. •> --;--
LONDON — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Keemun,
from Tacoma: Ger ship Neck from Chemainus.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Ventura,
hence Oct S. >, * -
ALGOA -'BAY— Arrived Oct 25— Br ship
SutleJ. from Port Ludlow.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 24 — Br stmr Chlng
Wo, from San Francisco. 1 -: -.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Colum
bia, from ¦ New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Peru
vian, from Halifax.
LONDON— Arrived Oct 26 — SUar Mlnneton
i ka,.£rom New -York. J
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts, 72 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 50 hours from San
' Pedro.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 48 hours from San
Pedro. ,
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 30 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Aurella. Petersen. 46 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 40 hours
from San Diego.
Ger stmr Ramses, Blelenbers;. 112 days from
Hamburg, etc.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson. 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
«6chr Wins; and Wine, Grimm, 8 days from
Sluslaw.
Schr W F Jewett. Pettersen, 20 days from
Klawack.
Schr Sehome. Matlsen, 8 days from Colum
bia River.
Schr C T Hill, Huhs. 8 days from Tillamook.
Schr Sailor Boy, Lurman, 0 days from Grays
Harbor. *
Schr Roy Somers. Soil and. 0 days from Grays
Harbor.
Stanford University may not be repre
sented . at the St. Louts Exposition. The
University of California, Its rival, will
have a large, exhibit, illustrative of Its
situation, its proposed extensive building
scheme, its present institution, its work
and all appertaining to it.
Professor Furlong, who Is authorized by
the California Commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition to collect educational
exhibits, has received a letter from Presi
dent David Starr Jordan in which the lat
ter says, in substance, that to advertise
the university would not be In accordance
with the wishes of one of the founders.
This letter has excited consternation. The
glories of Stanford University have shed
luster on this State, and all university
life In California has been brightened and
intensified by the Institution of a rival for
the State University at Berkeley. Profes
sor Brown of Berkeley has written a let
ter to President Jordan to see If Stanford
will not exhibit.
Professor Furlong Is hopeful that some
way will be provided to have Stanford
make the showing at St. Louis of which
It is capable. The matter is still undecid
ed, so far as Professor Furlong was in a
position to speak yesterday. There are
thousands of graduates of Stanford who
will regret It if their university keeps out
of sight at St. Louis. This regret will be
shared by the people of the whole State,
who see In the existence of Stanford a
great attraction to draw people to Califor
nia.
President Says a Display
Would Displease One
' ? S , of the Founders.
Stanford Will Probably
Not Be Represented
at St. Louis.
JORDAN AGAINST
MAKING EXHIBIT
STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA TAKES
HER DEPARTURE FOR TAHITI
Liner Carries a Full Cargo and the Usual Number of
Tourists, With Whom the Oceanic Company's Cruises
to the South Sea Islands Have Become Popular
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903.
10
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
CARTERS
Positively cured by these
I^ittlo Pills.
They also relirre Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion ar.d Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect reancdy for Dizziness, TCausea, Drorrsl-
o^ss, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Boxrclc Purely Vegetable.
Small Pili. Small Dose*
Small Prico>
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
M filWOHY#
V Qr Tbe ljr;rM Anztoicint Museum in th* \
A -ZL^ W'orid- Ue»knes»«» or any contacted A
. fCST ¦JiS ri ¦*':•* pa*itl»rl? rmrnlhy tiit olieil Y
Q fpgi on the Cout l_*t. -6 }-e»rs. O
A h&*+\ OH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
f II fj i* n fonttse Curt m erery ca«e urdrrtiiten. T
AST lift «rtefor nook.PBILenOPaVer A
[} I A ij ¦» ntanucc. mailed fkee. (At
r DB.JOBDAS ACO..1051 Marfe«»t St..S. F. V
OCEAN TRAVEL.
eSttamerF !«>ave E»n Fran-
clrco as t oilowf :
For Ketchikan. Wrans;»l.
Jur.eau. Haines, Skaguajr.
*tc. A;a»kc — 11 a. m.. Oct.
23. "P. Nov. 2. Chanee to
<"on:;iaiiy'F sl«*am?rs at 5e-
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townstnd. Stattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Wha.coiri — 11 a. m., Oct. 2S.
Ncx - . 2. Chung* at Flattie to this company**
H»arawt for Alar** and O. N. Ry.; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. By.: at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka <Hurr.bol<5t Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 31, Ncv. ti; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Oct. 2S. Nov. a.
For Ix>* Arteles fvla Pert Ix-s Angrcles and
RtJondc). San V\*co and Fanta Barbara —
Santa Rcsa. Pundsvt. J» a. m.
Ftate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Ar.felfs 'via San Pedro and Eaat
Fen Pedro). 5anta Barbara. Fanta Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucof. Pert Harford iSan
Lui* ObisDo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coo* Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 1.
Bonita, fl a. m.. Oct. 2«, Nov. 5.
For Eustnada. Mnpdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. A;toia. La X'az. Santa Rc-
Fa'ta, Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a. m., Tth of each
month.
For further 1r.fonr.atl'-n cbtr.in folder.
Right :s rcrerved to chance steamers or eail-
Ir.r dates.
TICKET CrriCES — 4 New Montgrom-
ery 6tr>-et (Pciacc Hotel). 10 Market strett and
troadway v.han'f.
Freight offlce. IA llarlcet Ftr*et.
C. D. DL'SAXN", tjenera! l'as?encer As^nt,
10 Market streot. Fan Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
••Columbia" ealls O-t 2" 30. Nov 8 19 29
Dec. 8. :9. 29. 'Oecree \V. Elder" Ealla Oct.
25 Nov. 4. 14. 24 Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
ship line to TORTLAXD. OR., and short rail
line from Portlan-i to all r^lnts East. Through
ticket* to a'.l points. a!l rail or Fteamship and I
rail at LOWEST HATES. Steamer ticket* In-
clude berth and meals. Steamer satis foot of
Spear at. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen.
Act. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery et. ; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Apt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.
AMERICAN LIME.
KEW TOKK-SulTHAMI'XoN-LONDON.
rhila...Nov. 7. 9:Z0 amX.york.Nov.21. 9:30 am
et.Lou'.*.Nov.l4.«:30 an>:St.Paul.Nov.2$.9:r.O am
ATLANTIC TEJLKSFOST LIKE.
STCT7 Yori; — Louden Direct.
iiftab* . . Nov. 7. 8 em;Mlr.'polls.Xov. 21. 7 am
M'n'fa-Nov. IJ. 1:30 pmiMinne'ha.Nov. 28. noon
Only First-claF? l'3sser.gers Carried.
D0IIIK"I0N LIWE.
Bostoa— Queeastowa — Liverpool.
Mayflower Nov. '* Columbus Nov. 12
Montreal — Xilverpool — Short sea passage
Pouthwark Nov. 7!Canada Dec. 6
KenEing^tor. Nov. 2i<: South wark Dec. 20
Boston Msditerranesn Direct
AZOUES-GICRALTAH-NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat., Nov. 21
BED STAB LINE.
STew 7ork — Antwerp— Paria.
Kinl'd-Nov. 7. 10::;o am Kr'nld.Nov.21, 10:30 am
Vad'ld.Nov.l4.10:aft arr. 'Zeerd.Nov.2S. 10:30 am
WHZTE STAK LISE.
3Crw Tork — Queeastown — Liverpool.
>!>.''.::.£ Wecnesdays and Fridays.
Cedrie.-.Nov. 4. 3:30 pm'Armcnian.Nov. 17, 3 pm
Majestic. Nov. 11. nocn Oceanic. .Nov. 18, 5 am
Celtic Nov. 13. noci. Cymric .. Nov. 2o. 6 am
Boat en — QueeaBto^ra — Liverpool.
Cretlc Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cyrr.ric Dec. 24. Jan. 2S. Feb. 25
bostox Mediterranean service.
Azores, Gibraltar, maples, Genoa.
" rtOMANIC I>ec. 5, Jan. 16. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 26
CANOPIC Jan. M. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYL/">R. Passer.KPr Acent Pacific Coast,
21 PoFt Et.. San Francisco.
ROMANIC, Dec. B, Jan. 1G. Feb. 27. Apl. 9
REPUBLIC <ne«). Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 20
CANOPIC Jan. SO. Mar. 12
(Send for rates ar.d Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In Medi-
terranean service.
First class. $75 and $S0 upward, according
to date ol ea'.lir.g.
Boston to Liverpool Q U e e ;«\ O w n
CRETIC nee. 10. Feb. II
1 CYMRIC Dee. 24. Jan. 28, Feb. 25
First class, fCS upward. For plans, etc.,
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State st
Boston, or to C. D. TAVLOR, 21 Post et.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA7
f ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP. CO.)
Stecmen will le»ve wharf, corner Flrrt and
Erannan etreete. at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
ard HONGKONG, calling at Kobe »Hlo«;o),
Nagasaki and Shanehai. and connecting; at
lion?kon*T with steamers lor India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of railing:
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10 1902
S. S. HONGKONG MARU '..
Thursday. December 3 1903
S. E. NIPPON MARU (Callinr at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30. 1803
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora-
18 r.y' * office. 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OccanlcS.S.co. sasws
_ . - OIREdUMtoUMia
F.S. FIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. 20, 2 p. nu
S.fi. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Nov. 7, 11 a. m
PS. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Dec. 1. 11 a. ml
ft4$ima.tn SttkAtLtoU. Itv&tl
CCKPAGKIE GEKTRALK TEANSATLAKTIQUE.
L-IItECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
.•-allinK every Thursday Instead of *X TmFn
Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. trom Pier 42.^?a*»C
North River, loot of Morton street.
Firrt-ela** to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN*
I.-RAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. F"UGAZI & CO., Pacific Coaat
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad- Ticket Agent*.
liar* Island and VaUeJo Steamers.
Steamer GEX. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:16 and 8:30 p. tn., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a, m.. 6:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
; 7 a. m.. 12:30 soon, 6 p. tn., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, -7 a. in.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, BO cecta. Tel.
Main 1606. Pier 2. Vlssioa-tt. dock. HATCH
; S&OS. - — V,
BAILWAY TBAVTX.
I Save $18
9 Going East. ;
I Here are some figures .which show how much f
1 money is saved by traveling in a tourist sleeping car. \
I The first-qlass rate California to Chicago is $62.50;
1 berth in standard sleeping car, $14.00. Total, $76.50.
B Second-class rate $52.50; berth in tourist sleeping
I car, $6.00. Total, $58.50. Saving $18.00.
I To points east of Chicago, the difference is still t
H greater; to points west, it is a little less.
H When you consider that no sacrifice of self respect £
i is involved in "going tourist" and that you have almost
H all the conveniences and comforts of a standard sleeper, |
I it is easy to realize why 80 per cent of the people who
1 cross the continent, make the trip in a tourist sleeper. .
] Rock Island tourist car* leare Saa Francisco for Chicago daily
J , • ria El Paso; for St. Louis, Monday*; for Memphis, Wednesday*. I
3 * * Via Colorado* * can lcaTe S a. m. .Wednesday*, |
S Saturdays and Sundays.
3 UllTHaLiMllllr Pleasure to give further information.
H fi^^^lnlii^b F " W " TH0MPS0N '» General Western Agent,
@ 623 Market Street, Saa Fraacitco.
raj nm'w,' v«r
S CALIFORNIA 1
I LIIBITEO TO CHICAGO I
H Leaves Mondays and Tharadays Bj
H at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 day*, g
B with dinar and ell trappings. B
Other Santa Fo Trains:
2 : S f" I {or Stockton, Fresno, BakersfieMa
9.30 a. m. > Merce< i Hanford and Visalli.
B:uu p. m. 1
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canjon and
Chicago.
Ticjcrt Office: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COHFATTT.
Tibnron Ferry, root of Marke-t Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAN EArAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. O:CX). 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at U :30 o. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 0:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN E.AFAEI. TO SAN rUANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— fi:05. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20. 11:18
a. m.: 12:50 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:16 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Days. 1 days. I tlon. | day*. ( Days.
7:30 a| 8:00 a I 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Unaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:80 p 3:30 p j 6:05 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ' | 7:35 p)
7:30a 9:10a 3:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 9:30a Fetaluma. |6:05p.6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and | 7:35 p|
6:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:S0a f 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35p 6:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p |
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg-. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p GeyservlIIe. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. |10:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a| WilllU. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| GuernevlUe. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 pi Sebastopol. |7:35p|6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonei'ille and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, LaKe-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Ktevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
Westport, Usa!; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle,- Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
een's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates-
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
toulldinc ¦*..;,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gan. Pass. Ajrt.
¦ 0
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Smsaiito Itnj Arrive
San Francisco tool tf Mirktt St. San Francisco
Weelc Sun- un " VVecK
JDays^ days jfjfflyfwfyK day* Day*.
*lBn*H:0<»A i^ffi^S^ 1^:05 pl0T4Ci
*1:46f> 9:OOa ISfififiSCiS™ l:*8r»:5Jr
B:15p 1O:OOa \SSi~uDS3ff »:50p H:HOr
11:OOa T&&SS2S' 4:3Op 9:50p
*C»na«ct Titi itug* fcr ¦ Wye* and TjHot Guny
TICCr J 626 Markst ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
OtHZU I and Sausaljto Fbrby Foot Market St.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
TJaed by people of refinement
'fox orer a qnarter of a century
PREPARED BY
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: elves health and
•trength to cexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
WEEKLY CALIi, $1.00 PER YEAB.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Tr.»n.l^.»n^.r.d«. c t S .rrl..«t
(Mala Llae. foot of M»ri«t 8tr«m)
LK1 , TK _ FitQM OcTomsn 31. !*». — miri
7.00a Benlcla, BuUaa, JClmtra »aa 5a*ra-
meat* Vsl*
7.00a "Vaca-rlllo. Winter*. Rumsoy........ 7.55*
7.30a M»rtlnex, Saa P.»moo, Vall«K
H»»». C»:i»to«ii, 3mnt« Ro»« S-29r
7.30*. Klles, LlTermore. Tracy. Latbro*.
Stockton 7.Z0P
8.00a DsTls/Woodlaad. KaScau Laadtac
JUrysvllle. OroTllle..... 7-Kr
8.00a AtUntlc Express— Ogden tnd Bast. 1025*.
1.30* Fort Coata. JJartlnes. Antloch. By-
r»n.Tracy.Stockton.£»»rnimento,
»wm«n, L°» Bftaos. Meaaota.
Armoaa, L«moore. lUafor*.
Vlsalia. PorterrHle AJSr
1.80a Port Cotta, Martlnes, Tracy, Latfc-
rop. Modesto, Merced, rretna.
Gosh en J unction. Lemoore, Haa-
ford. Vtsalla. Bakertfleld 4.55*
8-3C* 8h»»ta Express — Darls. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willowa,
tFmto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7-55*
8.30a Xtles. San Jom, Llrermore. Stock-
ton,Ione.8acTamento,PlaeerrUl«,
MarysTllle. Chlco, Red Blaff 42Sf
830* Oakdale. Chlneao. Jamenown, 8o»
nora, Tuolrnnae and Angels 4Z3F
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations -.. «,g-»! P
1000a Vallejo t2.2Sr
10.00a El Paao Paaaenger. Bastbonad.—
Port Costa. Martinez. ByiwA,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stoektoa*
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, naa-
ford. VIsalla. Baltewneld. Lo«
. Angeles and El Paao. (Weafr
bound arrives vlaCoMt Line)... «T.3uP
10.00a Tbe . OTerland Limited — Ogdea.
Denyer. Omaha, Chicago. S*? 1 "
1200m HaTward. Nile* and Way Stations. 3.25r
tl-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers tll.OOr
530r Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTllle, OroTille aad way
stations '2g? 4
330r Bay ward. Kites and Way Station*.. 7-55r
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byroa,
Tracy. Latarop, Mudeitt,
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Co<ta 12-23P
3 30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4 00* M»rtlnex,Sanltamon.ValleJo,Saps,
Callstoca, Santa Kosa 9 25a
4 COp Xiles, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4-2Sp
430p Hay ward. Xlles. Irvtngtoa, San I +3-55*
Jose. Llrermore f J11. 5Sa
E 00p Tba Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Me ndou. Frssao. Talare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 1.55a
F.OOr Port Coata, Tracy. Stoektoa 12-25r
t5 30r Ilayward. Nile* and Ban Josa 7.23 a
CGOr Ilayward. Ntles and San Jo*e 1025a
CCOr Orieuui Mall— Ocdea. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago aad
Kin. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sal-
inn. Elmirs, Paris. Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn. Colfaz.
Tnickee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemocoa. Battl*
Mountain, Elko 4 25»
S.OOp Yallejo. daily, except Saaday.... » 7 ES -
700p Vallejo. Saaday onlr f '"*
7.C0P Ban Pablo, Port Cotta, Martinis
and Way Station! 11.29a
BCSp Oregon * California Express— 6a»>
ramento. Marytrllle. ReddSac
Portland, Puget Sound aad Bast. 1.55 a
9.10p Ilayward, Ntlea and San Jose <Sos>-
dayonly) 11.85a
COAST LINE U»rr«Mr tia.g«).
(foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. Centerrlllr. Saa Jos*. "
Ftlton. Boulaer Creek. Ssata
Cruz and Way Stations.... S 55?
-2 15r Newark. Centerrtlle. Saa Joa«,
Kew AInmdrn.Los Gaton.Feltoo,
Boa'.der Cr«ek. Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations 1053a
4 15p Newark. San Jose, Lot Oatot an4
way station* tS.SoA
J3 30p Banters Train. Saturday only. 3*n
Jose and Way 8tattons. Sandty
only returns from Lou Gatoa .... jj 28 P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
I rum SAN H'.A.N CISCO, foot of Markat St. (SHpO
-r;:15 *:0O 11:00a.m. 100 300 5.15P.M.
rrom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tt:0O :8:I9
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4-00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Bro»,i «i B f«).
19~ (1 hlnl »n<r Townaend Streets.)
6 10a Baa Joae and Way Stations S 30p
700a San Joae and Way Stations ... g.38P
8.00a New Almaden (Tuea., Frid.. only). 4.IQP
800a Coast Line Limited — StopsonlySaa
Joae, Qllroy (connection for Bol-
Ittter), Pajaro. CaatrovUle. 8a-
Itnas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea.
fianta Margarita. San Lets Obispo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations then:s Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrorlllo to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 10.48 s '
C.OOa Ban Jote, Tres Plnoa, Capitola,
SantaCraz.PacIQcGroTe.Saltnaa,
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Statlona 4-10»
10410a Fan Joae and Way Stations. 1.20P
11 .50 a Santa Clara. Saa Joae, Los Gatoa
and Way Statlona 7-3QP
13Cr Sun Joae and Way Stations 8 38a.
o.OOp PactOc Orore Express— SantaClara
S»n Joae, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllater. Tres
Plnoa. at Castrorllle tor Salinas. 12-ISr
3-3Or Gllroy Way Paaaenger MO 43a
t4 46P San Joae, (rla Santa Ciara) Los
Gatoa, and Principal Way Sta-
tlona (except Sunday) *9 28v
!5c0r BanJoseandPrlnclpalWayBtations 13.00a
S.OOp Sunset Limited. Eaatbound.— Saa
Lola Obispo. Banu Barbara, Loa
Angelea. Uemlna;. El Paao. Sew
Orleana. New York. (Westbound
.-._ arrirearl«S*n.Ioaqntn Valley)... «S 25a
TS.1BP SauMateo,nereaford,Betniont.Sa«
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
. __ Menlo Park. Palo Alto 13 48a
8-30p SaiiJose tnd Way Station* 8.38a
11 .30p Sou in San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
lingame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and ralo Alto 9.45P
¦11-30P Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
rale. Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Joae t».4gp
A for Mornine. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
i Stops at all atations oa Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coaat Line. «»V1« Saa Joaquln Tallay.
far~Only tralna atopplng at Valencia St. toatbhound
«re*:10 a.m.. t7:00.».M..n:3n*.*. l 3:30 P.M. aad 1:30 r.ju
|pp£^^3£||T0 SAN RAFAEL*
|£^M£|SAN QUENTIN,
Fi^S^^ MILL VALLEY,
HJuS^ CAZADERO, ETC.
li^^gjiyj^^l via Sausallto "Ftxrj.
Subirba'n Service. standardGa^e Ktectrte-
Depart from San Francisco D»^y_ . 00.
a. niV^U!:^). liS *2-M. 4:43, •»:43.
•6:45. 8:45. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked. l*> run to and from Haa Quen-
t!^TtOM MILL. VALLEY TO BAN FRA.V-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 8:55.
11T20 a. m.. 12:.T5. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 8:05,
7:M 8:00, 10:35 p. m.
TIITtOUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m., week days — Cazadera aad war
stations. .
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exceptad>—
Toaiales and way staticna.
3:15 p. en.. Saturday* — Cazadero •*¦* way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes «¦¦ war
•tations. - "
TICKET OFyTCE— «2« Market st. "
FEKRY— Union Depot, foot of Market 88. JCLOSING QUOTATION^.
V. V. Rltter. who on the night of Sep
tember 5, 1903. stumbled over a larga
piece of iron in front of a building In
course of construction at the corner of
Jgnes and Turk streets and was badly
hurt, filed suit yesterday for $15,000
damages against Isaac Leibes. owner of
the building:, and the Ralston Iron
Works, which is doing the structural
iron work. Ritter lives at 211 | Turic
street.
Bitter Sues > for Damages.
The cool, foggy weather added to the dull
ness which usually prevails In the fruit mar
ket on Monday and pricesof most descriptions
had but slight r variation. Receipts of Grapes
In small packages were rather light, and some
exceptionally, fine lots In crates, sold up to 75c.
but the general run of offerings sold within
the 'quoted ¦ range. • Offerings In large boxeg
were x liberal and the top quotation was ob
tained t only for a f ew; special brands of the
Muscat '¦ and Cornlchon variety. ' Tokay were
the. most plentiful- and were easy at 50®73e
per box. Receipts of- Wine Grapes were -light
and dealers reported '-the market gradually
cleaning: up. Apples were abundant and fancy
stock was In fair request.' Some dealers were
still . asking $1 25 : for; fancy * Spltzenberg, but
the top quotation was considered an extreme
Deciduous and 'Citrus Fruits.
Eggs opened the week lower and weak at the
decline, with all dealers reporting some capes
of %resh ranch unsold, with a diminished de
mand and a tendency all along the line to
stand from under. ] When Eggs get up so . they
retail at 5c apiece; as previously mentioned,
the end of the advance Is not -very far off
Still lower quotations are expected from now
on. Several houses reduced their asking prices
flat to 50c.
Butter and . Cheese remained . as previously
quoted, with supplies of both being ample for
nil needs. Stocks of Cheese continue about
double what they were at this time last year. |
Receipts were 18. SCO lbs Butter. 602 eases
Eggs and 5600 lbs Cheese. .
BUTTER— Creamery. 28®29c for extras and
26<a27e for seconds; dairy, 21<$25c; store Butter
17%S?10c; cold storage. 24®2Cc; Eastern. 23@25c
per lb. i ¦ . \ .
CHEESE— 12%e for the ceneral mark>t, 13a
13%c for select mild new and ll@12c for) lower
grades. Young America, 13%©14c; Eastern.
15%ffil6y>e: Western. 14<ff>15c per lb.
EGGS-^Ranch. ",i"%@33c: store, nominal;
cold, storage. 27%®30c; Eastern. '28@30c for
fresh and 25@26c for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— Spot tin declined 12s
ffd to £118 10s in London and futures 15s to
£110. Locally tin was quiet and unchanged
at S26 25S26 50.
Copper was higher both here and abroad,
the chief Influence of the advance being the
closlnur of mines In the West. London ad
vanced £3 5s for spot, which closed at £59 10a.
and £3 2« Cd for futures, which closed at
£59 2s 6d. Locally copper was higher. Lake,
$14- electrolytic, $13 75; casting, fl3 50.
Lead, steady here at $4 50, but advanced
Is 3d in London, cloelnr at £11 3* 4d. /
Spelter was unchanged at $6 12% fn the
local market and at £20 15s In London.
Iron closed at 40s Id In Glasgow and at
44« 10%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was
quiet: No. 1 foundry, northern, is quoted at
$15 60@lC; No. 2 foundry, northern, $15(315 60-
No. 1 foundry, southern.; and No. 1 foundry.'
southern, soft, at $14 85@15 25.,,
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26. — The cotton market
opened stronir at an advance of 2O@23 points
and closed steady, with trading still active
and prices net 26. to. 34 points hiutier, this
bclnar a reaction from the best of 18 points
on October and from 1 to 7 points on the lat
ter position.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 26.— WOOL — Dull, un
changed. Medium grades, comblnff and clotli
lnjr, 17@21c; light nr.e, 15gil7%c; heavy fine.
12@14V»c; tub washed. 27@30c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 20. — Wheat— Unchanged ¦
Bluestem, 82%c; Club. 78%c.^ uncna -n^<J.
PORTLAND. Oct. 20.— Wheat — WaUa 'wal
!a, 74@75c; Bluestem. 76c; A'alley, 78o.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Oct. 26.— Cleartnys. $753 S77'
balance?. *227.370. .'..,-,'
- TACOMA. Oct. 26.— Clearinsrs. $387 035
balances. $63,070. "
PORTLAND. Oct. 28. — Clearings, $724 307
balances, f 64.616. • V*?.'?"'.
SPOKANE). Oct. 28. — Clearings. S467 165
balances. $67,875. ¦- ' M>
Northern Business.
Ness York Stock Market.
ICEW YORK. Oct. 2G.— Professional opera
tort" did nut find much difficulty in bidding up
iritfcs to-day and their operations made up
\h^ iere»T part of the rather limited stock
market, Thf-y met light offerings of stock a*
price* a<ivanc»d. but they attriicted no outside
following to «:*ak of. Si»me buying by un
covered besr oueratorg wa* induced and thi^
htljjetl somewhat In the advance. In the occa-
EtbOa] rausts Jn the profcEFlonal oprratione en
thf- edvanc*-. the market fell Into an almost
Efgnint -conJitlon. b'Jt yielded later. The
• iBlr.s was Ktrone and not much below the
best. TTit- day's news vu not especially en-
<-ourjt^in»c aj.l. in fact, offered several doubt
ful lactorF. -But traders are inclined to argue
that the resistance offered b>- last week's mar
k<t to the «-ffect of ih« failures In Baltimore
itnd I'lttsJjurg is evidence of an underlying
condition of strength. The failures at Balti
more and PIttsburg not only ex'erclwed an in
fiutnee of their own, but they aroused a spirit
of *urMciouis inquiry into banking and trust
company conditions a« a whole. This make*
it lir.Drobalile that these condltioni! have any
isurprls*^i in store in tha banking world; an.l
the- oi.'trators In Hocks are encouraged from
this to feel a confidence that other failures
wculd be with c» little effect in Wall street
a« those v.hich have already occurred. Spe
cific reports of imciroved conditions at Pitts
burg and Baltimore also conduced to the feel
!..-¦ of *cicourademont. Th« advance in pric<«
«is not crfect»-'l by tht admissions, now first
mado, in the weekly reviews of railroad tra/fic,
that the «eneral traffic Eituation doe* not look
to .strong 68 it did e month ago. This Is In
Ftrtmcr contraKt to the erect confidence expressed
by traStxc oHlclals ovrr the future of business
up to tMs time. This week's report an
nounces that everything 1« moving in much
smaller \olum* than at any time for many
months and for the first time in a Jong while
«otn<* road* hare their freight solicitors active
ly et work. Th««e reports come from sourcf-s
t^at¦ have complained hitherto that Wall street
wu the cn!>' blue epot la the country. Now
that the evidence of depression is appearing at
ether tt>o n*«. Wall *tr«*t cxi>er;ences the re
lief t from having already gone through this
process cf contraction. "
T2i'-re MM siiso an appreciably f "Tner market
fur OxT.e t»-day and • call loans fore to 4 per
centi To-day'* epecu'.ation centered in Amal-
Copper, which top* 3y 4 . The advance
iva* t>£-»e<J on much the same kind of argu
ment s* that in other stocks, namely, that the
harm iron the Montana litigation was dls
«ountod 1p the Drevlcus decline In the ttock.
r» ported. fCorts to compromise the copper
quarrel were also an element in the traiilnff
.-t..l it vu argued also that the jump in the
¦ rlo<= of raw corner, which has resulted di
r-.ct!y from the clc*e-<lown of operations by the
A malsair.ated urofertiea, might yield a hand
*..tr.e s.To£t on that coraoany's . accumulated
»U«?k*.
The L>or.<J market continued broad and strong.
Total pales, Pi.fe04.000. . »
Lnited EtaiteV^s anfl old 4s advanced per
cent oil lh libt call. - - :"
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— eale«. High. Low. Close.
AtcfcUon 25,100 €7% C5% 07
Atchison- pti 1,4(K) S9% M% 89U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 0,800 ' 75 I / i 74% 78%
IJalt & Ohio r>M./ 100 88 88' 87%
Canadian Pacific... 5,000 120'i 11854 U9%
ontnlcf K J .... .... 150
Cbeeapeake & Ohio. 1,000 30% 29% 29T4
f'hlcago & Alton.. 1,300 2S 27% 2S
< - hl & Alton pfd 64
Cbi <ir«»at W«>rt... 1,200 15>4 14*i 15%
:Tll G W B prd ... 2C-£
fbicajro & » W... 2,500 16<5% 164* 160
<"-fc| Term & Tran«. 100 9 \ fi 8%
Chicago T & T pfd \ n^l
C C, C & St L 100 72 72 72
Colorado Southern. 600 13W 12T4 I2*i
Coio South l«t pfd. 500 63 52% ri2%
<"olo South 2d pfd.. 400 21 T4 21 »i 21%
D»Iaware & Hudson 400 156% 155' 155U
Del, Lack A West. 100 234% £3i«4 234
Denver & Rio G .'. .... ju
Den & Rio G pfd "
Erie fl,«00 27% 27 27%
Erie lrt pfd 2,600 fiOU CC% &,£
Erie 2d pfd. 200 49% 49%. 49%
Great Nortbern pfd * ... l«i0
f locking Valley ¦ mo 71 % 70U 71 %
Hocking Val pfd... f«Q 82% 80% 82
111 inoi* Central »00 131 JJ 131 ViO%
» Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YOTHC. Oct. 26.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, October 24, &¦ compiled by
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. O%0
7c per lb; White Lead, C%@7c, according to
, quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
j pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes., , A . Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5. S5c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 6.70c; Dry
Granulated, line. 6.60c; Dry Uranulatert, coarju,
5.60c; Fruit. Granulated, 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated. (100-lb bags only), 5.45c; Confectioners'
A, 5.60c: Magnolia A, 5.20c: Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more:
half barrels, 25c more; boxss, COc. more; 50-lb
bags, lOo more for all kinds. . Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35o per lb. . No orders
taken for -less than seventy-five barrels or Its
equivalent. . ¦ . -¦ . --
-•PACIFIC-.- CODFISH — Prices have been
marked down isharplyP Eastern, however, is
higher.- ; Bundles, perlb, 3Vic; cases ' regular,
4c; . cases, ; extra large. 4%c; Eastern style,
Glic; boneless. 4 %c; "Norway."- 4 %c; "Narrow
Gauge," 5c; "Silver Klnc." e^ic; blocks, "Ori
ental,'.' 5c; blocks. "Seabright," -5%c; tablets,
0c; middles, «Vi©7V'C: fancy boneleES. 8<B8%c;
pickled Cod, bbls, $7 50; pickled Cod, half bbls,
$4 50. .
Receipts of Produce.
-FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 28.
Flour, \ qr sks. . .14,700[Brandy. gals .... 0,450
Wheat, ctls '..... 4,60.5 Chicory, bbls ... 85
Barley, ctls ....15,252 Beans, sks ......15.158
Oats, ctls - .'. . 1,040 Potatoes, ' sks . . . 4.2S0
Tallow, ctla. :.. ."15 Onions, sks 9-'t5
¦ Sugar-;Ctls - 850-Bran. .sks ¦......: 4S5
Paper, reams,... 1,270 Middlings, sks ..1,145
Wine, gals .... .".85,000 Feed, sks .......> 5A5
Pelts, bdls ...... 250 srhorts, sks .....' 235
Hldes.'No ..'...... 4TO Screenings, sks.. 200
: - Raisins. ' bxs .'.:. 0,500 Wool, bales ..... 327 I
Quicksilver, flsks 62 |Hops. bales ...;. ' 2S1 I
I Lime, bbls ...... 327 Straw, tons ....\;»37}
'Leather, r rolls, ... loS'Hay, tons ....... 76S •
OIL — Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 44o
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; casss,
90c: ¦ China Nut, 55@7Oc per. gallon; pure
Neatsfoot, In barrels, 75c; cases. Soe; Sperm,
pure, '75c: Whale Oil. natural white, 50tf55c
per gallon; Fish Oil, In barrels, 40c; cases,
50c: Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon
and 68e for Australian.
COAL OIL — Coal Oil has again advanced.
Water White Coal Oil In bulk, 15%c; Pearl
Oil in cases. 22o; Astral, i'2c; Star, 2i'c; Extra
Star, 20c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene, 25c; deodorized
Stove Gatollne, In bulk. 17c; In cases, 23 %c;
Benzine, In bulk, 13c; In cases, 19%c; 8U-dt.gr*e
Gaaullmt, -in bulk. 21c; in cases, 27%c.
TURPENTINE — !SOc per gallon in cases and
74o in drums and iron barrels-.
COAL — Wellington, J8 per ton: New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: WaiUefid, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60: Canncl. (K 50 per ton; Coke, $11 5>»
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $S 43 per 2000 lbs and
$S 50 per ton, according to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags, GQSlic; Snn Quentln,
5.56c; Wool Bag*. 32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
©8c: Cotton Fruit Bass, 6%c, 6r»c and 7}4c
ior the three grades: Brown Jute, 6%@7%c.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— CATTLE — Receipts,
34,000. Texans, 5000; Western, 900. Good to
prime steers, 55 3C<g5 75; poor to medium,
$3 00@4 85; Btockers and feeders, $2 25@4 10;
•cowr ?1 35@4 25; heifers, $2f?5; canners,
$1 S5@2 50; bulls, $2(^4-70: .calves, $2@0 75;
Texas fed steers. $2 75® -1 30; Western steers,
$3<??4 50. /
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 25,000; to-morrow.
16 000: • 10c higher. Mixed and butchers',
$5 50(g5 85; good to choice heavy, $5 45@5 80;
rough heavy, $5 10@5 40; light, $5 3505 85;
bulk of Bales, $5 40@5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 45,000. Sheep, steady to
weak. Lambs, steady to strong. Good to
cholcs wethers, J3W3 85; fair to choice mixed,
$2@4; Western cheep, $2 25@3 75; native
lambs, f 3 25<§5 75; Western lambs, $3 50@5 30.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Wheat— P% c -
Openlic •» jji?
Closing •" 6 6 «
PARIS.
Wheat- Oct. Jan-Apl.
Opening jj }» .2100-
Closing ....S... 2120 20 05
OoST . . i - -11 M 28 30
Clo^ng 3155 28 30
The,weakness in Hogs continues, but It is not
pronounced. Western packing centers report
plenty of Hoga throughout the West, though
at the moment ¦ raisers are holding them back,
owlnc to the recent sharp drop in prices.
- DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates f rom slaugnterers -to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— Ctf'c for Steer» and 6^ec per lb
for Cows. S
VEAL — Large, 6@7c; small, 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%SSc; Ewes, 7®7%c
per pound.
LAMB — 9©10c per pound.
PORK— Drescea Hogs, SV4®9V4c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following, quotations are for «oud, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrlnkase for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, SjJOc; Cows- and Heifers.
7@Sc: thin Cows. 4®5o per pound.
CALVES — t®4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3%®3%c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75#3 p«r head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 . lbs. 5%c;
under 150 lbs. 5%S5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent onVand Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above' Quotations.
General Merchandise.
Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 19iff22c per lb for
young and 14@17c "for old; Geese, per pair,
?1 75@2; Goslings. $2©2 25; Ducks. $4 f.0^5
per dozen lor old and $5@6 for young; Hens.
$4(55 50; young Roosters. $4 50@5; old Roos
ters, $4 50@5; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers, • $3ft
3 SO for large and $2.50@3 for small; PJgeoni.
$1@1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $4@6 per dozen;
Canvaaback. $5$7: Sprig, $3 50<£4 50; Teal,
$2 50if3; Widgeon, $2 50: small Ducks, $1 G0<3>
2; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1 25@1 50;
Brant. '$1 50 for small and $2 for large; Eng
lish Snipe, f3; common' Snipe, $1 50; Wild
Doves, $1 25; Rabbit s% $175- for Cottontails
and $1 25 for Brush; H*re, $1 25.
Poultry opened the week easy, with the
market liberally supplied. There were three
cara of Western stock on sale and there vat
quite a quantity of domestic offering, which
had been carried over from last week. There
was practically no market for the latter and
all quotations were unchanged. Prices of
Game had a general decline under Increased
receipts. The. demand, however, continued
brisk and everything cleaned up well.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 50®75c per
sack: Green Peas, 2@3c per lb; String Beans
lW$2%c per lb; Wax, 2@3o; Lima Bean*,
2%(g4c per lb; Tomatoes, 20@50c per box; SuTn*
mer Squash, 40<??50c per box; Cabbage, COc per
ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 40@&0c
per box; Garlic, 3@4c per lb; Green Peppers.
30<g50c per box for Chile and 50060c for Bell;
Green Okra, 5O@«0c per box; Egg Plant, SO®
65c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 450
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 45, per
ctl; Oregon . Burbanks, 75c@$l per otl;. River
Reds, G0Q-75C per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $I©1 25
per ctl.
ONIONS — COS8O0 per ctl.
Most kinds of Vegetables arrived too late
for tbe recular trade, but there were ample
supplies of carrled-over stock, which moved
off well at steady rates. The canners were
not buylns Tomatoes and as a result there
was tiulte a surplus unsold at the close.
The Potato market was liberally supplied
and quiet, and Salinas Burbanks were quoted
at a wider range. There w-v some inquiry
for low priced river Burbaf.kn for shipment
to the Southwest, but as there was no such
stock available there was no movement in that
direction. Sweets were plentiful and ea*y.
Two cars of the Merced article were on sale.
Onions were abundant and only fancy stock
was in demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery. 15%@21c; dairy.
14471Sc; eggs, 18®19%c; cheese, steady, 10%
@llc. . !
. Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22.000 23,000
Wheat, bushels 7li.SO0 GO/ 400 .
Corn bushels 433.100 , 59rt,800
fJats," bushels 420.500 \ 230.SOO
Rye bushels 8,500 1.0<X)
Barley, bushels 87,400 17.900
Cash <juotp.tions were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. It wheat, 7»<gS4c; No. 2 red. 82%^
84c- No. '£ corn, 44 Ue; No. 2 yellow, 447ti@45c;
No 2 oats. .'W%e38>4c; No. 3 white, 8544@.Wc:
No 2 rye. 5tf"-.c: fair to choice maltlm? barUy.
47050c: No. X flaxseed. 91c; No. l^ Northwest
ern 95>4c: prime timothy seed., ?2 SO: mess
pork per bbl., $11 30S11 35; lard, per 100 lbs.,
$6 rwiriJ 57%: short ribs sides (loose), f7©7 75;
ehort clear sides( boxed). ?7 25@7 37%; whisky,
basis of hieh wines. %\ 25; clover, contract
grade, $10 65*310 75.
Beans continue weak andYInks and Llmas
are still lower. Horse Beans, if sound, readily
command $2. Otherwise the market shows
little change. Receipts were heavy, being
lU.tJ-jn sacks.
Yellow Mustard Is quoted higher.
BEANS— BaycB, J2 25@2 50; Pea, $3 25; But
ters, 53 25; small White,' $2 90<23 25; large
White, $2 40<@2 75; PlnkJ $2 25^2 40; Red.
$2 9C@3: Lima, $2 75@3: Rcfl Kidneys, ?4 15@
4 25; Blackeye, $2 25@2 40 per. ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 5002.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 75g2 SO; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
5«5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 12S13c; Rape,
l%S2%c; Timothy,' 6®6%c; Hemp, 3^@3%c
per lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, J20JJ
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Am Nat Bk.120 127 ILP4A 160 163
Anglo-Cal . . — 95 Mer Trust.. -.230 ¦ —
Bank of Cal. — 483 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — . — . .
SAVINGS BANKS.
{ Ger S tz L. — — Sav & L Soc — —
I Hum S & L. — — Seo Sav Bk.40O 500
[ Mutual Sav. — Union T Co.. . — —
S F S U 600 —
STREET. RAILROADS.
California ..105 205 (Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 80 , \
POWDER.
Giant 65% 67 Vlgorit — 5
' SUGAR,
j Hana P Co. . 40c 75c Kllauea S C. — 6
! Hawaiian C. 44 45% Makawell C. 22 —
! Honokaa S C 13% lift Onomea S C. 32 « 5 33
Hutch SPC 10% 10% r'aauhau S C 15 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack — 154 Oceanic S C— 7
Cal Fruit As 91 »5% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As 93 05 Pac C Borx.167 169
j Mornlnr Session.
I Board—
1 25 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co -67 25
Street—
5500OS V Us 108 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Spring Valley Water Co 40 0O
35 Spring Valley Water Co 39 87%
Street —
60 Cal Wine Assn 83 50
$2000 S V 4a (2d mue) 90 50
[California Stock and Oil Exchange
! Oil stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma IK
Apollo ¦*<>
Associated Trust Cert 19
' Aztec 00
• California Standard 11 12
Caribou ICO 110
' Central I'oint Con 65 ....
! Chicago Crude 19 . •••!.
'; Claremcnt J!f-- 25
i Esperanza ~ 15 ' 1 .!•>
! Four •••• •••• «*
I Fulton 3 73
i Glfint -. 20
1 Han ford ...130 CO •
Home 90. »5
Imperial •- !»«>
I Independence ..../ 1!> < :l
Junction • • • * • • • • • '• W
Kern , »•£*«;• » «|
Kern River U 50
I Lion •••¦• 03
Monarch of Arizona 5O ....
Monte Cristo •» ....
Occidental of W Va 17 1!»
Oil City Petroleum 2s 28
Peerless • 13 50 ~l£:>
Pittsburg •• . 20
Reed Crude « «
S F end McKittrlck 2 75 - ....
San Joaauin O & D 5 2a .. ; .
Senator • ' •; . '*
, Sovereign 3 s
i Sterling • - * jg
Superior .'• 06 0*.
Thirty-Three ••• r -«i ' g
Toltec -" * l
Twenty-Eight * 25
West Shore 2 05 '
Miscellaneous — '• ¦ ; •
Abby Land and Imp. 1 4o 1 60
Alameda Sugar , - 29 CO
American Biscuit . 93 m
American District Tel
¦ Cal Gas & Electric Corp..
;*-ai cotton MIUs '. S8 00 ....
i Cal Jockey Club 105 l!0
i Cnl Shipping Co 25 0O
i Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 14f> ©O
i Central Bank of Oakland.... CO 00 a....
! Chutes Company 7 75 w -
, Cypress Lawn Imp Co « 50 * -o, :
: Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 50'
; Gas Consumers" Assn .•.•;"a?v- " 60
¦Honolulu Sugar 14 60 ..„.
Northern Cal Power 8 50 9 0O
North Shore Railroad « 50 SCO
Orpheum Company 15 25 16 25
Paciflc States Tel & Tel.... .... 115 CO
: Paraffine Paint 33 CO
I San Francisco Drydock 4» CO
Sanitary Reduction Works . . 2 50 ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry.. 10 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 CO
Standard Electric IS 00
Tetla Coal Co ' •••- 30 00
Truckee Electric 1^ 25.
! Union Sugar ...;... 2250 ....
United Gas and Electric 34 50 .... -.
' SALES.
i ~A"T i w" Mornlnr Session.
Board — „-"¦-- -.'V,;7 r .
4 Hanford OJI ,,...132 CO
550 Occidental/ Oil 19;
Street —
i 200 Sterling Oil 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Sterling Oil 2 7»
450 Occidental Oil 1»
4 Hanford Oil 130 00
500 Sovereign Oil • 39
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the ¦ rales . on -the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday: .
Morning' Session. • ¦
100 Con Cal & 'V.I l.'i 2TO Mexican ..'... 07
100 Con Cal & V.I ?•' 1"> Ophir 1 4f>
1000 Corv N Y On 200 Overman .... 28
400 Gould & Cur. 271 1C0 Yel Jacket.... 45
- Afternoon Sea«lon. ' .
1C0 Caledonia 90 20O Overman .... 23
COO Con Cal & V.I 20 400 PotO«l 20
300 Con Cal & V.I 15 1C0 Seg Belcher.. C6
200 Con Imp . « . <H ;
PACIFIC STOCK 'EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morfllng Session.
COO Andes 23 300 Mexican . . . .\ ' 9S
! SCO Con Cal & .V.I 15 ; 200 Overman .,.. 26
300 Con N Y .OS 400 Potosi ....... 20
1 r»0O Gould & Cur. 27 3C0 Yel Jacket.... 44
' 700 Gould & Cur. 26 .
* Afternoon Seaaion..,;^ .
30O Bullion ...... 10 200 Hale & Norc. 57
2C0 Con C & V.I 17% 500 Justice 07
300 Con C A V...1 1&-4C0 Ophir. 1 42%
SOO Con NY 07 300 Overman .... 25
2G0 Con NY .06 . SCO Potosi 20
200 Crown Point... -1« 500 Sierra Nev... "45
2C0, Gould & Cur. 271 300 YcL Jacket...; 43
. "(, TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
• Following were the sales oh the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
1 Morning Session. - ¦ ¦
1C00 Esperama ... 02- 2C0 Mont Ton ... oi
¦ • , Afternoon Session.
V>,0CO Esperanza . 02] SCO Ton Midway.. 38
20C0 MacNamara . 13^200. Rescue ...... C7
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 7?4c; Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and ~%c for light; Stags,
5Vic; Salted Kip, 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15@15%c; dry Kip
13c; dry Calf, 17c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25^
30c each; short Wool, 40®R0c each; medium, 70
ffS«3c; long Wool. $1©1 50 each; Korsa Hides
salt, ?2 75 tor large and $&g2 50 tor medium
$1 25@1 75 for small and COc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium $l£fl 25 for small and 50c lor Colts
Buck Skins— Ury Mexican, 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c: dry Central American, 82c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; largo and
smooth 00c; medium, 3i>j; small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No
2. 4c; grease, 2%@3c. ./
WOOL. — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 90
lie; Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free
ll@12c; Northern Defective, 10011c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 12S>14c; Nevada. 13@15c;
Oregon, fine, 18@19e; Oregon, medium, 17c
per lb.
HOPS— 18@22%c per lb;
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Dec. (new) 81^ 81^ St 81%
May 80% 80% 79% 70%
Corn No. 2 —
October ..'. 43?£
December 44*4 44% 43»; 44»*
May 4394 43i« 42% 43«i
Oata No. 2—
October 3S$i
December JK1% 30% 36% 3GU
May 37% 37% 36% :,.;-;i
Mess Pork, per bbl — ¦
October 1130
January 12 20 12 20 12 05 12 07%
May 12 35 12 37% 12 20 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 6 57% fi 57% 6 r.2% 6 52%
December 6 50 0 50 6 50 ft 57%
January 6 72% 6 75 0 65 6 67%
May 6 SO 6 82% 6 72% 6 75
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October -••• 7 73
Januarv «¦'»"% G 40 6 30 fi ?.2Vj
May .'... 6 00 6 50 6 42% 6 45
Last This Last
PtRUor.s — 2* hours. Season. Season,
Kureka 3.24 2.18
Red Bluff 0.44 3.34
Hafretnento .... O.14 1.C7
t^an Francisco O.17 1.70
Krrsno O.0<) 0.42
ln'3cpen<3rnri» Trace 0.38
Pan Luis Obl*po 0.02 2.00
Ivn e Angeles 0.43 0.39
San Diego'..: 0.00 0.98
. THE COAST RECORD. __
C S 2" O m *3
STATION. J Ig \% ?§ ?& p
? " 5- F* c"
; c c - ; 3
Baker* 30.24 64 s>> N"V\* aear .00
•'arson 30.10 72 ."2 N l't.Cldy .<<»
Kureka 30.16 e2 . r i0 W Clear .00
Farallon 30.10 5S 64 NW Foggy .00
FYesno .M>.02 64 40 SW Clear .00
F]a«£tafr ....".30.18 «3S 24 SE Oltar .O0
Inci<-;*r.(3ence .80.16 74 5<> P Clear .<*)
Loa Angeles -.30.10 72 54 W Cirar .00
ML Tanialpais.30.I4 70 f>2 EW Clear .00
North Head ..30.10 «5 f>6 SE tioudy .0<)
Phoenix 30.02 SS 52 W Clear" .00
Poeatell* 30.30 72 30 W Clear .00
Portland 30.12 70 46 S Pt.Cldy .00
PQiSt Reyes . .3O.« 74 S2 NW Clear .00
Re.I Bluff 30.08 SO 50 SE Clear .00
Roseburp 30.12 74 42 W Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..30. OS 78 50 S Clear .00
l~a!t Ijake 30.22 66 44 NW Clear .00
f^n Francisco. 30. 10 76 54 W Clear .0u
£. L. Obi*po. .30.14 7<J 4S W Clear' .00
Sen Diego ...SO. O4 US f.6 NW Clear .00
K'attle .:: 30.12 «4 44 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Sj.okane 30.20 62 34 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.0* «!0 frf» PW Rain .01
Vv'alla Walla.. 30. 20 CA 44 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.20 T* 2S SW Clear , .00
ViMa 30.00 !«2 56 E Clear .00
Vi:A THER~CON*r>ITlONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th^re has b^en but little chanee In pressure
during the pa*' twenty-four hours over the
western half of the country. A sta^riant high
continue* between the Rocky. Mountain region
anfl-tHe MJsslsfippl. .
LSfii'-t rstns ore reported et Tatocsh Island,
but vith thiF txceDtion no rain has fallen on
the Pacific telopr. -
The weather ha* continued warm in the
raisin district and the crop Is now nearly out
of danger.
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
heart ending midnight, October 27:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
tH3?flbly light fh'iwers on extreme northern
coast; llgrht southerly winds Inland; Ugbt west
erly winds en the coa^t with for.
Scu*?m <"al!fomia — Fair Tuesday, fresh
northerly vriiias.
Nevatjji — Fair Tuesday.
.<an Francis<x) and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
Ucbt »"«therl}- wind?, changing to brisk weft
«¦!}•; with fcg in the morning and at night.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Adam* Con 15 Little Chief 07
Alice 25 Ontario 4 50
Breece 12 Dphlr 1 30
Brunswick Con 02 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 0-i Potosi 19
Con Cal & Va 1 Cli Favaga ; 20
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 43
Iron Silver 1 65 small Hopes 15
Leadville Con 03 Standard 2 00
BOSTON CLOSING STOCKS.
Money — Minlnr —
Call loans 2% <8G% Adventure ... ... 4%
Time loans ...3%&4 Allouez 514
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 38 '
Atchlson 4s 99% DaJy West 37%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 6S Blngham 23%
Railroads — Calumet A; HecIa.4C5
AtchiBon 6C*, Centennial 14%
Do pfd 69% Copper Rang? ... 48%
Bofton & Albany. 248 Dominion Coal .. 72%
Boston & Maine. 16S .'franklin ....... 7%
Boston Elevated. .140 il»ie Royale 0%
Fitchburg pfd ...l.iS ] Mohawk 30%
Union Paciflc ... 71% 'Old Dominion ... 11%
Mexican Central. 9% Osceola 60
Miscellaneous — Parrot 19
American Sugar. .115% Qulncy 90
Do pfd 118 Santa Fe Copper. '2%
Anwr Tel & Tel. 124 jramarack 95
Dom I & ete*;I... 8%,rrimountain ....121
General Electric. 150 Trinity 514
Mass Electric ..19 United States ... 36%
Do pfd ........ 77% Utah .29%
United Fruit .... 93 Victoria «v
U S Steel 13% Winona 8V4
Do pfd 69% Wolverine ... 69%
Westlnghee com.. 65 United Copper ... 13k
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.88 3-16.N Y Central 12VJ4
Con for account.SS 3-18 N'orf Sc Western. 58\
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89 1
Atehlnon 68Vi Ontario & West. 21U
Do pfd 9H4 Pennsylvania .... eiii
Bait & Ohl<> 76% Rand. Mines .... o%
Canadian Paciflc. 123H Reading ... .... 23%
Cheafp & Ohio.. 30% Do 1st Dfd .... 39
Chicago G vr~A. 15% Do 2d pfd 32
Chi Mil & Rt P.. 143% Southern Ry .... 18%
D«Beers 19% Do pfd ........ 70%
Denver * R O... 20 Southern Pacific. 43%
Do pfd 64% Union Pacific ... 73%
Erie ... 28 Do pfd ........ S7
Do 1st pfd .... 68% O S Steel ....... 14
Do 2d pfd .... 50% Vo pfd 60»4
Illinois Central . . 134 *» Wabash ........ 19
Louis & N«th ..103% Do pfd S2
Mo Kan & Tex..' 17 J ':•'¦¦: -
Bar silver, steady. 27%d per ounce. Money,
2V4©2% per cent. Tbe rate of discount in
the op^n market for short bills is 3%@3«'
per cent and for three months' bills is 3%@3$f
ptr cent.
Do 5s, reg 101* |N Y Cen gen 8%s.l00
Do coupon 102UIN J Cen gen 5s... 130%
Atchlson Ken 4s. .100% Northern Pac 4s.. 102%
Do adj 4k 92 j Do 3s /. .. 71%
Atlantic C L 4»... 90% :JJ & W con 4s... 30
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100% O S L"4s and part 02%
Do 3%s 96% Penn conv 3%s.. 07%
Central of Ga 6s.. lW^R^adlng gen 4s.. 96i4
Do 1st lnc 6C% StL & IM con 5s.lll%
Ches & Ohio 4%i>.101% StL &SF fg 4s.... S2',i
Chi & Alton 3%g. 74%St L SW ists.... 94%
C. B & Q new 4». 94 Seaboard A L 4s*.. 67
CM & StP geni4s.lO9 .Southern Pac 4s.. 87%
C & N W con 7s. 131% Southern Ry 5s.. 113
C, R I & P R R 4s 75 jTex & Pac Ists.. 117
C.RI&P RR col 5s 76% iT. St L & W 4s.. 72 W
C.C.C & SLgen 4s SXJ&tlUnlon Pac 4s 102%
Chicago Term 4s. 73 j Do conv 4s !HI%
Con To'bacco 4s.. 65 % U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Colo & South 4s.. SevtVabai-h Ists 116%
Den & Rio G 4s. »9%| Do deb B .M^i
Erie prior lien 4s. 98 Wheel & L E 4s.. S8
Do gen 4a 84 Wlscpnsln Cen 4s. 89
Ft W & D C let. 10674 C F & 1 70%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO6%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
U 8 ref 2s. reg. . .1071* IL & N unl 4s.... 9S;4
Do coupon 1C7H Manhtn en gold 4s.lO2
Do 3s. reg 1C8»4 Mexican Cen 4s.. 71
Ho coupon ICO Do 1st lnc 13*4
Do new 4s, reg. 134% Minn & St L 4s... 9S
Do coupon 135% M, K & T 4s 98
l>o old 4s. reg.-IllU Do 2ds 7«%
Do coupon UlUiNtl RR Mex en 4s 75
Total share* 362.100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK Oct. 26. — Bond transactions
United Railways of San Francleco: 10,000 at
$ NEW YORK BONDS.
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Central pfd .... 33
K C Southern 300 18 18 - 18
K C Southern prd.. 100 31*4 31% 31
Louis A Nash 3,800 101% 100% 101U
Manhattan L l.ITOO 134% 13314 134
Metropolitan St Ry. 2,700 110 107% 100%
Minn & St Louis... - 200 4S% 48 45
Mlipourl Paciflc . 6,000 91 89% J*0*i
Mis, Kan & Tex... 16
M. K & T prd.... 400 36 35 o5
Ntl RR of Mex pfd 3i>vi
New York Central. 7,600 11»% HS% llf»»-i
Norfolk &: Western »00 ' 57 V 4 66% /lAVi
Nor & West pfd .... So
Ontario & Western. 1,200 - 20Ti 20% £0%
Pennsylvania 26,400 119% HS% lid%
F. C, C&StL .... o9
Reading 9,000 46 44 : s 45%
Reading 1st pfd .'. 75
Reading 2d pfd CO
Rock Island Co 10,100 25% 25 20%
Rock Ibland Co pfd 1,500 61 60% 61
6t L & S F .'. 65
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 2d pfd. j 800 46% 46% 45%
St Louis £ W .... 12%
St Louis S W pfd. 100 32 32 81
St Faul 23,300 140V; 139 139%
Bt Paul pfd 100 171% 171% 171%
Southern Paciflc... 9.600 42*. 41% 42V*
Southern Railway. 2,900 18% 17'^ 18^
Southern Ry pfd.. l,«l>(> 75H 74% 75%
Southern Pacific 9,600 42*t' 4\iji 42U
T. St L & W 200 11% 17 m 4
T. St L & W pfd ..... 23
Union Pacific: 19,800 72% 71% 72
Union Paciflc pfd.. I 100 84»4 si% 84%
Waha.^h 3,800 19»4 18% 19
Wabash pfd 4,200 32% 31>i :«ii
Wheeling & L E 141J
Wisconsin Central. 200 16% 16% 1H4^
j Wis Cent pfd » 200 35% 35 35%
Express Companie* —
I Adams "20
1 American .... js7
T'nlted States ]00
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper .4 67,600 3?% 3834 3R%
Amer Car & F 600 22 21% 21%
Arner Car & F pfd. 300 67 67 67
Amer ti Oil 914
Amer L O11 pfd 23'
Amer Lccc COO 1.1% 13*4 13U
Amer Loco pfd...'. 300 74»i 73\ 741Z
Amer S & Hcf 2.500 43«i 42»i 43
Amer S & Ref pfd 85%
Amer Sugar Ref... 3.000 110 114% 115
Anaronda Min Co.. 1C0 62 61 61*4
Brooklyn R Trans. 8.000 .14% 33 34%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 30% 30 30%
! Col & Hock Coal.. 1,100 10S 10 0%
Icons Gas 100 175% 175V« 175%
! Gen Electric 1,400 151% 14S?» 146
Inter Paner 11
Inter Paper pfd fil
Inter Pump 30
Ir.ter Pump pfd - (JO -
Nat Biscjit 100 34% 34% 33
Nat Lead ,. 12%
North Amer ' 73
Puclfle Mail 21
People's <3ss' 3,700 95 94% 94%
Pressed S Car 31
PreFPed S Cp.t pfd .' 71
Pullman Pal Car 214
Rp.jmblic Steel .... :>00 8 1% 7%
Rfimblic Steel pfd. 1,100 M 53 53%
Rubber Goods 100 1414 14 U
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 69 «9 67*4
Tenn Coal & Iron. 7C0 29=i 29 23^
U S Leather 2.700 7>i ~K 7H
IT S Leather pfd... 300 77*4 76% 7~Vh
V S Rubber 100 9U »li 9%
IT S Rubber pfd 34
U S Steel 12.400 14% 13% 14
U S Steel pfd 22,000 -59% C8% H9
West Union 200. 82% 82% 82%
Nor Securities 86?s
Over half of yesterday's Hay receipts were
Alfalfa from the river, and went direct to the
dairy rantfies, so the quantity of \ Hay of
fered on the market was small. The feeling
waB v firm. . . . > ..- .
Offerings of Bran and/ Middlings continue
light and the market rules very firm, with th«
leading handlers expecting higher quotations.
any day.
BRAN— $21 50^23 per ton. . '
MIDDLINGS— $27®2S 50 per ton. .
SHORTS— $21 50€23- per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24#25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 50; Job
bing, ?27<S27 60; Cocoanut Cake. $21®22; Corn
Meal. $30@31; Cracked Corn, $30 60@31 50;
Mixed Feed, 522 50(323 50; Horse Beans, $309
40 per ton. *¦• . -
HAY— Wheat, |13@1<3, with sales of extra
choice at' $16 00; Wheat and Oat, $12 50a
15Hf); Oat, $12 50@14 50; Wild Oat, $11 50®
12*50; Barley. $10®12 50; Stock, $0@10; Alfal
fa. $10011 50 per ton.
STRAW — iO@05c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c " per lb for
heavy, 12% c for light medium, 14V-0 for light,
15c. for extra light, 18c for eusrar-.^ured and
I9c for extra su^ar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams,- 151-ic; California Hams, 14%c:
Mess Beet. $11 60 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 00; Family. $13@13 50; prime Mess
Pork. $10 ;' extra clear. $25; iless, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb-.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib for
compound and l)@9V4c for pure;, half barrels,
pure, U%c; 10-Ib tins, 9%@10c; 6-lb tins, 10%@
10V4c; 3-lb tins. 10V«@10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; threa
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, S%c per lb.'
Chicago was lower.. Wires from there said
that the decline in Hogs had led raisers to hold
back their stock and receipts were accordingly
lighter, but there are plenty In . the country
to come. •-
There was no change worthy of note in this
market.
Provisions.
The following are the B«sa«onal rainfalls to
dete. as conipaKd with three «! the saw* date
last seaeon and rainfall in last twenty-four
hour* :
(120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 26 — 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26. — The opening in wheat
gave promise of a bulge, Liverpool cables show
ing better prices and a big advance being re
ported at St. Louis. There was good general
buying of both December and May at the start,
the former month opening and % to % and
% higher at 81%c to 81%c, with May about
steady. A eood deal of long wheat came out
on the advance, and there was also selling for
short account, and when a break occurred at
St. Loul3 the market here also declined. Large
world's shipments and favorable weather were
responsible for some of the selling pressure.
The continued liberal shipments from Rus
sia and the shipment of 120,000 bushels of
wheat from Australia, which country has been
on an importing: baris for the past, few years,
were the hot bear factors. December declined
to 81c, but a rally in the last hour recovered
much of the . loss, December closing with a
gain of %OVic, at Sl%c.
Support was lacking in the corn market and
prices ruled weak. The excellent weather was
the principal bear factor, December closing
%c lower at 44%c.
Oats also suffered from lack of trade and
in sympathy with corn. December closed with
a loss of %c. at 36*ic.
Provisions had an easier undertone, due to
selling by packers in the absence of any ma
terial support. The close was easy, with Jan
uary i>ork 7%c lower, lard off 2%c and ribs
down 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Giovanni and Vita Centinl to J. Bernadon, lot
on NE corner of Fifth and Castro streets, B
75 by N 25, lot 1. block 50, same, Oakland ;
$10.
Ann M. and Samuel II. Jackson to Herman
Bredlow, lot on W line of Dover street, 00 ??
of Stanley. N 50. W 129.35. S TA E 129.5U
lot 4.: block 1, restibdivlslon of map of portlva
of ¦ Brumagin Tract W of Shattuck avenu%
Oakland: $10. ..i
Robert McLaren (single) to- Belle Freudcn^
thai (single), undivided one-half Interest in!
lot on W line of Grove cfreet, 200 S of Thirty-,
seventh. S 60 by W 123, lot IB, block A, Ap
gar Tract, portion of p!at 37, etc., Oakland;
$10. r
Catherine and J. II. Rourke to Christina L.
Doyle, lots 5 to 7. block E. lot 2, block J. lota
1 and 2, block M. map No. 2, John Ooyla
Tract. Oakland Township: $10.
A. (or Albert> and Anna Hahnemann to Mary
H. Abbay (wife of James N.). lot on E Una
of Stanford avenue, 53.70 S of Essex street.
S 114.13, E 124.C5. N 52.50. E 45. N 50, \\*
119.62. lot» 6 and 7, block P, amende'! map of
Newbury Tract, in plat 51, Rancho V. and D.
Perelta. Berkeley; $10.
Richard E. and Mary K. Harmon to Eva M.
Atwell. lots 32 to .15. block R, Laurel Grov^
Par*. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lillian W. MacEwen to Edith W. Alderson,
undivided cne-half interest in 12.24 acres be
ginning at NE corner of land now or formerly
of one John Ford, thence proceeding E en
line of said Ford's land NW 8.12 chains to
stake on S aide of Red-wood road. etc.. SW
1S.28 chains. SE 7.82 chains. NE 7.10 chains,
to beginning. Brooklyn Township; $1.
James E. White and Leah F. Mott to Mary
E Alderson (widow).' same, quitclaim deed ;*,"'>.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Josiah
B. Warr.er. lot on N W corner of Eagle avenue
and Mulberry street. W 42 by N 150. portion
of lota 1 and 22, block 16. map of resubdivlsion
of blocks 15 to 17. N of- Buena Vista avenue
and E of 'Willow street, lands adjacent to Enci
nal, Alametla; $10.
Eva M. French to William J. French (hus
banuT, lot en W line of Whitney street. ICO S of
Woolsey, W ICO by S X7. lot 18, map of Berke
ley Park. etc.. Oakland; gift.
Esther Gaude (widow) to L. A. Pelton. lot on
S line of Seventeenth street, 125 E o* Grove.
E 23 by S 70, Oakland; $10.
R M. or Rosa M. Shattuck to Frank TT»
Durijen and Robert Bleakley. lots 22 and 23.
block 2, Shattuck Tract, map No. 2, Berkeley;
\rthur Morfltt (single) to Orel 11. Goldara
cena lot 14. block D, property Berkeley Home
stPad Association. Berkeley; $1.
O. M. and Anita Gotdaracena to Clarence D.
Clark, same; $10.
Margaret A. McDonald to John ' W. Ecker.
lota 6 and 7. Sunset Tjjact, Frultrale, Brooklyn
Townshtp: $10.
Hubert A. Judjre (widower) to William E.
Pettes lot on E line of Willow street. 105 N
of Encinal avenue (since widened). N 33 by
E 100 portion of lots 1 and 2 la W % of
block E. property. Pioneer Homestead Associa
tion, Alameda: $10.
Lazarus and Jennie Croter to Reuben Kron
ick. lot on N line of Second street. 100 W of
Jack-on. W 25 by N 10«>, lot 24. block 14.
Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $200.
E. S. Heller (owner) with H. W. Wttham
(contractor), architect M. J. Lyon. alterations
and additions to main floor of building on NE
corner of Sutter and Leavenworth streets, E
24:4 by N 68:9; total, $1SCO.
Pauline Ench (owner) with Ira W. .Coburn
(contractor), architects O'Brien & Werrier. all
work except gas fixtures, shades and ylumh
ing for a three-story frame building- on *— Hn«
of Tenth street. 67 SE from the SW corner
of.FoIscm and Tenth streets^ SW 60 by SE 33;
total, $6350.
Anna, Jennie, Emma and Helen McElroy
(owners) with Charles Stockholm (contractor),
architect Albert Farr. all work for a three
story frame building on the SE line of Minna
street. 14fl:« SW of Tenth, SW 3d by SE 80.
MB. 6; total. $20,742.
Mrs. E. E. Mogan (owner) with Whitney.
Cullen & CO. (contract**), architects. Xewsora
& Newsom, all work for a thn?*»-story and base
ment frame building (flats) on the N line of
Washington street. 10O W of Devisadero. W
37:6 by N 62: total. $8420. #
Alameda County.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph A. and Ida M. Johnson to Giovanni
Gerrari and Giuseppe Levis, lot on E line of
Mason street, 112:t> N of Filbert, N 25 by E
57:6; |10.
Asa Walcctt to Agrr.es P. Walcott, lot on S
line of Bush street, 87:6 E of Hyde, E 25 by S
137:6; gift.
James A. McAdams to Flora A. Grange, lot
on SE line of Clara street, 3T5 S\V or Fourth.
SW 23 by SE 75; (rift.
Thomas ami Catherine E. Mitchell to Chris
topher R. Mitchell, lot on W line of Utah
street, 25 N of Twenty-fifth, H 25 by W 1U0;
$10.
Daniel E. Gates to Emma A. Gats*, lot on
N line of Lake street. 107:6 E of Twenty-sixth
avenue, E 5O by N 108; gift.
G. A. Berton to Augusta and G. P. Harring
ton lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 125 J» of
Clement street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
E. I* and Maude Webber to Oscar Heyman.
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 175 S of Califor
nia street S 25 by E 120; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Kaufman Cohn and Flora
Blum, same; $10.
Louis Estacallle to August Kruger. lot on W
line of Mission street, 29 S of Brook, 8 55, W
to point 77 S of Brook. N 51, E to beginning, of
Precita Valley 304; $10.
Theresa Boots to Marlanna C. B. Richard*,
lot on NW line of old San Jose road and SB
line of San Francisco and San Jose Railroad
land!<, SW HT2:i, N\V 104. ME 105, SE 3:2, Bep
ler Tract; gift.
Henrietta C. Mackey, Anna. C. Pierce and
Louise C. Hansen to John C. Hansen. lot on
\9 line of Corbett road, 166 N of Casselli ave
nue. N 25, NVV 102:6. SE 2T>:11%. SE 02:11. lot
C. block 5, subdivision 1, Mountain Spring prop
erty and being portions of blocks 3 to 5, Mar
ket-street Homes^id; $10.
Joseph. Harriet is., Jacob and Bertha G.
"Weissbein to Carl V. Stewart and Sarah II.
Chamberlin, lots 179, 180 and 131, Heyman
Tract; $10.
John Haas to Jennie Haas, lota SOI and 80:;,
gift map S; Sift
George H. Shafer to Golden State Bank, lot
on NE corner of Polk and California street,
N 72 by E ICO; $75,CCO.
Lydia Malowansky to Gustav H. O. Bar
thels, lot on N line of Pine street, 137 ;« E of
Laguna, E 38:9 by N 137:6; $10.
Frank and Elizabeth A. Telchmann to Uarry
W. Bernhelm. lot on S line of Bush street, tLV'.t
W of Buchanan, W 33 by S 137 :tt; $lo.
G. 1,. and Emma L. Bresse to May B. An
gus, let on E line of Broderlck street, 112:tt
S of Sutler. S 25 by E 110; $10.
Mary C. Giacomini to Natale T. Giacomini.
lot on W line of Lyon street, 75 N of Geary,
N- 23, to alley 10 feet wide, by W ICO, and
right of way. over alley; also lot en N line of
Broadway, !>3 E of Taylor street, E 22:«, N:
t52:6. W 24:e, 8 2.'I:C.>43 2. S 39; alto right, ot
way over lot on N line" ot Broadway, 0O E of
Taylor street, E 3 by N 39; also lot on E line
of Boyce street, ldo N of Point Lobes ave
nue, N 50 by E 120; gift.
Cfcarlea and Jessie Patton to Philip J. Haver,
lot on N lino of Page street, 10«:3 E of Shra
der. E 23 by N 137 :(!; $10.
Charles S. and Mrvria C. Kittridge to John
E. Hill, lot on 8 lino of Sacramento street.
87:6 E of Laurel. E 23, S 107:7%. W 12:«,
N 23, W 12:«, N 82:7%; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Georgi
C. Patterson, lot on W line of Shotwell street,
150 N of Eighteenth. W 122 :<5 by N 50; $ .
Mary Muller to Jcseph Malchen, lot on W
line of Noe street. 80 N of Seventeenth, N
25 by W 05: «10.
May E. Wilson (Dlneen) to William J. and
Olga Carpmill. lot on S line of Fifteenth strett,
210 W of Castro, S 103:4%. W 12:4V*. NW to
point 17:4% S of Fourteenth street, N 17:4%.
E 42:5; $10.
Helen M. Chase (Collins) to Joseph A. John
son, lot on E line of Mason street. 112:6 N"
of Filbert, N 23 by E 9.S:9: $10.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 20.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.; Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... 01 OSJRescu* C5 r.«
Gipsy Queen. .. — 25,Ton Belmont. «0> 1 1.0
Lucky "Tom.. — 10. Ton of Nev. .3 5t> <i Si)
MacNamara . 12 15 Ton N Star.. S3 —
Mlzpah Ex .. — Cl'Ton Midway.. — 4t>
Mont Ton 85 1 0Oi United '"Sorr. .. — Ik
Paymaster ... — 13; Utopia 25 —
Pine Grove... — 75' . •;, " 1
Challenge Con 29 31 'Overman .... 23 2*
-hollar 20 2l!potoai 19 2O
Confidence ... CO 63 Savage 2:5 2!
Con Car & V.I 15 1 20 i^rplon 01 «8
Con Imperial. • 03 04 j-Jeg Belcher.. 05 0<;
Con NY... 05 CCHl-rra Nev .. 4J 45
>own Point.. 1« 17 'Sliver Hill ..BO B2
Eureka Con.. — • 50;St Loui3 .... 11 —
exchequer ... 13 J^i Syndicate .... 0+ C5
Gould A Cur. 2« ~S7| Union Con .. 55 57
Hale & Norcs 55 58-Utah 18 1»
Lady Wash .. 03 Cjfrellow Jacket 41 41
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm for both spot and futures. Com
mon, 4@5%c; prime, 5%@Cc; choice, 6l4Q6ftc;
fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Quiet; ranging from 3»ic to 7c
for all trades.
APRICOTS — In fair demand; choice. 0%@
12c; extra, choice, 10@10%c; fancy, ll<gl2V4c
PEACHES — Moving in fair volume and rule
generally steady to firm; choice, 7 J /i9'7*4c; epc
tra choice, 7*i@8Vic;' fancy, 9 l / 4@10 t ,4c. /
DRIED FRUITS,
COFFEE— Firm; No. 7 invoice, (lc: mild,
firm; Cordova, 7%®12c. Futures closed steady,
5 points lower to 5 points higher. Sales,
137,250 bags. Including December, 5.45@5.55c;
March, 5.70<g5.SOc; . May. B.90-g5.95c; July,
C@6.O5c; September. 6.05©6.10c.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; refined, dull
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
44,450 barrels; market dull, but firmly held.
WHEAT — Receipt*, 200,850 tmsholG; exports,
82.8C0 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 89o
elevator and 88c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 93 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 hard Mani
toba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
firm on cables, ruled firm all day. closing
steady, %c net advance. May- closed' at 84c;
July closed at 80%c; December closed at 87%c.
HOPS— Steady. \
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
BANK STOCKS.
Cent L & P. 3%^ ISac E O-.&-R — i *-
Mutual E-L. — '11% 8 F G & E. 67H 67%
Oak G L&H. .10*5 12 S F Gas.... 3 3'i
Pac G Imp.. 53 55 ; Stock G & E- 5* ¦*-
Pac Lighting 55 •¦ — " - U J& -fit E.:.>- -=-, —
. . -.¦-. ; TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES:'
B F G & E. 67% 67% ' ; , ' : *
' ... '-••.- INSURANCE. .. ,y .
Firem's Fnd.320 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — p T. Co 5s... — 110
Pay CPC Cs. — 103% I Do con 5s. 103 105
Tal C G 5s.. 104% _ ,D W C G 3s. — 87Vi
Eal G & E g IJceanlc S 5s. 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 102% >m C R 6s. — 122%
£al-9t 5s — — 'Pae O Im 4s — m>
C C Wat 5s. — 102% 'P E Ry 5s.. — 100
B L & P 6s. 124% — :p & C H 6s. — —
F & C H Cs. — 118 Ip & O R Cs.110% —
»eary-st B«.. 45 90 IPoweU-et Cs.jl2% —
H C&S 5%s.l01 — ? E G&R Cs'— • 103 ji
H C & S 5s.. — 100 SF & SJV 5s — 117
Hon R T CS.106V4108 B R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Elec 5s. — - 5 P of A 6s
L A Rr 5s. .112 114 U'J«e) 107*4 —
LALrods. - — (1910> 1CS%1O9%
Do frtii 6s. — — 5 p of C 6«
Do gtd r»s.lO2%l(i5% (1903)Sr A.102 —
LAP lem 5s. — 101 U005)Sr B.10JI 105%
llkt-st C «*.11S — ' <100«) ....104^00
Do lem Bs. — 115 \ (1912) ....113%114%
JRR of C Cs. 107% SPC 1 eg 5s — 118%
Do 58 114 115U| Do stmpd.lCS%10!>
N P C R 6s. 100 10!> [5 P B R 6a. — 134
N' C R 5s... — 111* 3 V W 6s...l0G%10H?(i
N T C P C 6s. — — Do 4s 2dm 09V4100
N 8 R 5s. . . 9D«il01 ¦ Do 4s 3dm. 99 i —
D G L H 5s. 107% 109 c tkn q^ E 6g 95 1021^
D T£o 6s. ..118 .119 'u O & E 5s. — —
x WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41% 45 'Pori Costa.. —'¦ —
Marln Co 61 — fep.V-W Co. 39% 40
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. Bld.Ask.1 • Bid.Ask.
Is qr coup... Ill vilU'% Is qr new. . .135%13UV t
*s qr re?r HlfelUViUs qr coup. ..109 109%
MONDAY, Oct. 20—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
New York stocks higher and firm.
Not much going on in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver y 2 c loivcr and Sterling Exchange also off.
Wheat and Barky shorts buying to cover December contracts.
Oats steady, Corn dull and zveak and Rye quiet.
Beans still in liberal receipt and zveak.
Hay in good shape for sellers.
Bran and Middlings very firm, with light offerings.
Eggs going down again, until supplies increasing.
Butter and Cheese in good supply and unchanged.
Provisions lower at Chicago and unchanged here.
Hogs weak and becoming plentiful throughout the West.
Another general advance in Coal Oil.
Sharp decline in Pacific Codfish.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables abundant, as usual.
Poultry plentiful, with three cars of Western offering:. ,
Game selling off well, but at reduced prices.
Fresh Fruits quiet, owing io the cool weather. '.'.
the New Yorlr Produce Exchanse, is as fol
lows :
Wheat ..22,824,000 bushels; increase.. 189.000
Corn .... 7,324,000 bushels; decrease. .l.OSS.OOO
Oats 7,622,000 bushels; decrease.. 257.000
Rye 1,201,000 bushels; increase. . 30,000
Barley .. 6,052,000 bushels; increase. lttt.oOO
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 S5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, ?4 50@4 60:
Oregon and Washington. ?3 QOiii 20 per bbj
for Family and ?3 OO^ 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are a*
follows: Graham Flour, ,$3 25 per- 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, 9'S 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 SO; Hominy, $4@4 25; | Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 DO; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 CO; in sacks, |Q 75©8 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, J3 50 per 100 lbs. ' •
Flour and 'Millskrffs.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 41% ?1 41% $1 41% $1 41%
May 140% 140% > 1 40% . 1 40%
BARLEY^-The advance , in futures yester
day 'was said to- be due- to -the purchases of
December shorts, who were getting anxious
any buying to cover. , The cash grain was
steady and unchanged. * - \'f -~ ' •¦'
i CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $l\:Jvi<Sl 10 Vi : Shipping. and Brewing,
$1 20@l 22\; Chevalier 81, 20@l 45 for fair to ,
Choice. 'N^ '. . v " ¦ ¦ , ¦¦'¦¦
FUTURES. .
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.' . |
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 14 . 51 14 $1 14 $1 14
2-D. m. Session.
December ...$1 14 '. . '
OATS — The ¦ week opened with a . steady and
fairly active market at unchanged quotations. 1
White; $120S132%; Black, . $1 40®l (J2fe;
Red, $1 20®l 25 for feed ¦ and $1 25®1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per 'ctl' . •¦ ¦
CORN — Continues quiet and weak> Western,
sacked, $1 3O4J1 32^ for Yellow, $1 30@l 32^}
for White and $1 30 for mixed; California larga
Yellow, $1 35®1 40; small round -do, nominal;
White. $1 35ififl 40 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25©2 50 per ctl
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High./ Low. Close.
December ...$1 41% $1.41% $1 41^ $1 41%
May 1 41 1 41% 1 41 1 41%
2 p. m. Session.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian, $1 BOigl 55; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 42 H; Northern Blue Stem, $1 50@l 55;
Oregon Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
WHEAT — The foreign markets | showed no
particular change. The world's shipments for
the week were as ! follows, in quarters : . : Rus
sian. 024,000; Argentine, 15,000; Indian,
231,000. The American visible supply in
creased 1S9.000 bushels.
Chicago was firm, but not materially
changed. The export demand was reported
improving, with a brisk foreign demand at
Duluth and 30 loads worked at New York.
In this market futures were higher, as the
December shorts were getting anxious over
the outlook and were buying to cover. Cash
grain j was firm, but unchanged. The ship
pers are not doing | much in the interior, as
growers' views are above their limits, and
they are mainly confining their purchases to
moderate lots for stiffening ships.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Local securities continued vciy dull and quo
tations showed no important changes.
The $7000 dividend declared by the Bear
Flag Oil Company was derived, it is reported.
from 1 the recent sales of Its holdings in the
Associated Oil Company.
The following oil assessments have been
levied : Devil's Den, lc, delinquent^ November
23; London. l>4c. November' 10; Beaver, 5c,
November 24; Commercial Petroleum. $1, De
cember 10; Coast Range, 14c, November 28.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of 25c
yesterday. v
Consolidated New York Mining Company has
levied an arsessment of 10c per share.
RAISINS — F. o. . b. prices. Fre«no, for 1003
crop: 50-lb bos«i — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5%c per lb; 3-crotyn, 6%c; 4-crown, O^e; Setd
less Muscateli»,-"4%c; • do floated; 4Hc;
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5 &c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters,;. $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; (i-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb;- do 3»crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, -4Vic; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do, 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz. packages, fancy, 8c per
lb; choice, 7%c: 12-02. packages, fancy, C&c;
choke,' 6&c; In bulk, : fancy, 7% c; choice; 7%c.
NUTS^-YValnuta, No. l-jsoftsheli, 13&c; No.
2, 1115c;:No. 1 hardshell. 13c; No. 2. lie:
Almonds, llo for Nonpareile. 10^c for I X L.
10J4e for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%cfor Langue
doc; Peanuts,. U©7o for' Eastern; Pecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanuts, Si 50£?5; California -'Chestnuts.
10©15c -per lb.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12@14c for white and
O&llc.for atnber;.' new. water white extracted.
6U@0c; ' light amber extracted. Cc; dark.
BEESWAX— 27@29c.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7@0'ic for Royals and
9@llc-tor Alooroarks; Evaoo'rated Apples, %ft
CfQ%c; : siin-dried. 8^S>4c; Peaches, 5®7c;
Pears, C@10c; Nectarines, 4@5'£c; Figs, white,
4@474c in boxes; black, V 4ftc. Plums, pitted,
<i®0c per Ib. ¦ -'. " .
PRUNES-^1903 crop, 2%03c. for the four
sizes. -i .-. ¦ • , - -. . .
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c@$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40@83c per box; Watermel
ons. 5&20C each, t ¦ ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranjres, 52 5032 75 for
fancy Valencia s. $2@2 25 for choice and $1@
1 00 for standard; Lemons. $1@2 50 per box;
Grapa Fruit, $1 5CK&2 50; Mexican Limes, *4&
4 60; Bananas,- $1©>1 -75 per- bunch- Xor .Ha
waiian and $2<33 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2®2 50 per dozen.
PLUMS — Coe's late red, 65@75c per box.
GRAPES— 35@50c for small boxes, 50@«0c for
crates and 50c<ij$l 25 for large open boxes;
Wine Graues, JISGIU per ton for Ziniandel
and $14@1C for Mission; White. $15@1« per
ton. .
PEARS— Bartletts, nominal: winter varie
ties, - 4u&T5c per box for common and ?5c0
$1 for Winter Nellis.
QUINCES— 35@C0c per box. .
FIQS— Nominal. ¦ ; =
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
and $2®2 50 for large.
PERSIMMONS— 50c(g$l oer box or crate.
The feature of the Citrus market was the
arrival of a carload of choice and fancy Va
lencia Oranges, which were offering at the
previously quoted rates. Otherwise there was
nothing new to report.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, 512 per
chest; large berrie3, $1 50@3 50.
RASPBERRIES— 15 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 8©0c per pound.
CRANBERRIES — Cepe Cod, $9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay, ?2@3 per box.
APPLES— !i0c{i$l per box for fancy, 50@
85c for jrood to choice and 25@40c for com
mon. . . -
figure fcr the Bellflower variety, which had the
most call. Pomegranates, Persimmons and
Quinces were in free supply and . stood about
the same ¦ as previously quoted. There were
no Peaches or Figs received. Only two chests
of Longworth Strawberries were received and
they sold quickly at an advance. Choice lots
of. large Strawberries were in good demand
and firmer, whila-*uadesirable offerings went to
the canners at the minimum quotation. Rasp
berries were firmer under light receipts. Coos
Bav Cranberries sold at a wider range, much
of the stock being poor and soft. Eastern were
scarce 'and firm. . ¦ '
was also lower. Domestic Exchange was un
chanzed.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, siffht. — 4 86 ;
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... . — 4 87
New YorlfExcharige, sight....... — 02^a
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — -.05
Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 47 43
THE SAN FBAtf CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1903. '^
STOCK MARKET.
Silver declined %c, and * Sterling '• Exchange
Exchange and Bullion:
MONDAY. Otober 26—4 p. m.
Bid. As«k. Eld. Ask.
Alpha OS C9 Julia .... 07 OS
Mta . 03 C5 Justice ..03 C7
Andes ....... 20 22 Kentuck .,../, 01 C2
Belcher ...... 15 17 Keye.* . Oraes.l 75 1 8O
Be?t & Belch. 1 30 1 40 Mexican ;- 05 97
Bullion ...... *'1O 11 Incidental ... 23 ,24
Caledonia .... 00 CS >phir .....;..! 40 1 tf
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe
A lot or GOOD CHEAP HORSES will bn
sold, with . some GOOD WAGONS. CARTS.
SURREYS BUGGIES and HARN*ESS. TUES-
DAY, October 27, 11 a. m. at 1140 FOLSOM
ST. Closing out; must be .".old.
fe fe Jfe>
AUCTION SALE at ARCA_bE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 Sixth st., Wednesday. Oct. 28. at 11
a. m. By ordSr of Johnson Jiros. of Uaryrvlll*
I will sell 25 good young horses, all sound ariu
gentle; also harness, etc. JOHN J. DOYLE.
auctioneer. 'THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 19O3.
12
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Contlnned.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
429 Bush st.::°__^:.-«2 Clay -t.
BOO laborers. State of Nevada. •••""••• •"*[
Board $4 50 week....?..- **** * ar0
FOR CHICO. BUTTE CO.. CAL.
Teamsters. 2 and 4 horse $2 25. $_ 50
Rate fare. $2 80 shlp »*"*•
Horseshoer. . country. $2 50 day: 10 2-horse
teamsters, country work. $1 50 day and
found; man and wife, lake charge private
place, country. $3*.
Barkeeper city $30 found: checker, restaur-
ant $4O board; broiler, restaurant. $.5: .Pan-
tryman, country hotel. $40; waiter for helps
hall, springs. $25. fare paid; 6 elevator and
bell boys, hotels, city and country. $10 *lo-
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post G.A.K.
SAILORS and ordinary reamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 663 Mission .st.. bet, lrt and 2a sts.
GET your nhoen half soled while waiting: 23o
to 50c. BOT Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR nale — One mule, about 900 lbs; works sin-
gle and double: good pack animal. At ROB.
ERTS'. 1615 Market et. ¦
BIG auction sale every Tuesday of horses,
wagons, buggies, carts and harness, 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom st. Y2j _
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big "tore.
1145-1147 Market st.. gan Francisco.
A GOOD horse, top buggy and harness for sale.
Apply 3347 Twenty-fourth St.. cor. Bartlett.
FOR sale — Fine carriage team; will sell single
or both. Phone Fell 7516.
FINE youngr horses for sale cheap at Twenty-
¦econd and Florida sts.
MUST he sold at a sacrifice; ft good horses. 327
Slxtg st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd. sur-
rev.harn»38.work.drivlng horses. 15th-Valenda
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save yoa time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Cb., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
JACKSON. 2931, near Broderlck— 5 rooms.bath;
large garden front and rear; rent $27 60.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN 4: HOWELL. 25 Post it.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for matllmr. $1 per year.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house or flat of from
4 to 6 rooma. with stable accommodations
for on# or two horses preferred. Write E. R.
RHYMES. 14SC Market at.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Sl\ver terrier dor: totally blind; an-
swers to name of "Patsy"; name on collar.
Return to Richmond Hotel, 3143 Fulton Bt..
cor. Eighth ave.. near Chutes, and receive
liberal reward; no questions asked.
LOST — Sunday, between Broderick st. and
First ave., on Clay or 'Washington, boy's '
silver watch; name engraved Percy on back.
Finder please return 57 First ave.; reward.
• ¦¦ .
LOST — Monday morning, near Polk and Sut-
ter sts.. black mare and black buggy with
red running gear. Return United R. R. Co.,
Market and Valencia ats.
LOST — On Sunday afternoon, near City Hall,
past president's badge. N. S. G. W. Finder
will receive $5 reward on returning same to
503 California st., room 210.
LOST — Sliver purse, near Sutter and Larkin ;
rosary beads, silver: gold medal. Return to
2211 Van Ness ave.; reward.
PARTNER In flrst-class saloon. Inquire at
189S Howard at.
' , .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
"~^ — — — '^ ~* — — ~"" —— — — — "^^ |
MILLINERY. "
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
gold, must vacate February 1. 1904: sava :
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Poat. ;
MEDICAL.
- ¦ - -..---. — ¦ — - — - --- -'— :
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
Bold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggist?. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on f em—Is
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Poat st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008M Market st.. opp. fitb.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
.specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market ts.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2985 Folsom s*., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell at., opposite
Union square; all dlseaaea cured by herbs.
1 MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~~~~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Z Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
, ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
. Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
• . . When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENx!
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; rend full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498. Call of flee.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 6S and 69 Donohoe butld-
Ing. 1170 Market st. .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
60. Academy, of Sciences. 819 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. tel.Maln 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 621. Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without securit); on fur-
niture. Indorsed notes and other security.
6. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 655.
ON furniture ¦ piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings. Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
.MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle btdg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy «t.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan B?nk. 538 Kearny.
BTAB '«tn Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salar\Hl employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
' lndorser. " MORELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
HELP WANTED— .aiAL_-—Contlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
-?,_, ! Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1& 02we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA
OREGON. " ' " NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass.
_ , * On Every Train.
section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs.
teamsters, hammersmen.
Mines. Tunnels Quarries.
Miners all over State. $90 and $82 50.
Stables. Farms, Orchards, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands $30. $35, $40 fd. ;
milkers. $30 to $50 found.
Choremen, coachmen, gardeners etc.. $30.
Stablemen, city, country jobs. |30 to $60.
Sawmills, Woods.
Laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to $70 fd
365 woodchoppers.
... , 2S7 tlemaker*.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills etc from $50. $00. $70. $80, $00, $100.
$125 to $150 month.
Cooks. Walters. Porters.
Cooks, hotels, restaurant, camps, mines and
ranchea, city and country, $30 to $70 found,
waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $00 found.
' „ Mechanical.
2 coopers, factory, 2oc fare, $3 25 day.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country.
many In Ran Francisco, $2 25.
6 slack cocsers, jtc: 6 cabinet makers.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 fd.
OREGON.
Coal miners. Oregon. Free fare.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
5 boys, learn trades, $5. $6 and $7 a week.
Tailor, Institution, $20 and found.
Painter and paperhanger, $3 60 day.
STEWARD. $75 AND COMMISSION,
for first-class grill restaurant.
SPECIAL.
Night bartender, country hotel, boas here,
$60 and found.
Walter. Eureka, fare paid. $30 and found.
Cook, and wife, country hotel, fare paid. $75.
• 2 cooks, country hotel, fare paid. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay it.
ALL FREE FARE. ~ ———————-_-.
BIG, GOOD SAWMILL COMPANY.
Donkey boss, $100.
26 laborers, you'll ault, $35 to $85 found.
26 woodsmen, $50 to $90 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
12 LINE rullers for woods. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, «34 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
16 carpenters, flume work. $75.
12 carpenters' helpers. *3 fare, $67 50.
SPECIAL.
6 carpenters, lumber co.. $3 day and found.
Electrician, fare 20c, $75.
Blacksmith, camp. $75 to $S2.
Rip sawyer, $2 a day.
6 carpenters, fare 70c, $90.
8 carpenters, flume work, fare, paid both
ways, $90; hammer and hatchet men will do.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE.
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 CTay St.
DIAMOND $75 4-hors« teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit.
COMPANY $75 Go to-day.
COST YOU $1 THATS ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third St., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
RENO, GOLCONDA. RYNDON.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R- Co.'a own
work.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CHICO, BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare, $2 80.
12 teamsters, $2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
15 teamsters, $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St. *
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau. 17
Fourth st. — Reno, all points In Nevada, free
fare; 3 2-horse teamsters, lumber . company,
$50 and found; lumber pliers, swampers,
spool tenders, laborers and rockmen. city,
$2 25 and $2 60 day; man and wife, restaur-
ant, city. $40 and found: 4 rough carpenters,
lumber company, $2 and found: young man,
dishwasher city, $15 and found; call early,
boys; lots of new Jobs. S. F. EMP.
BUREAU. Phone Grant 26.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bellboy for city. $15; bellboy, country resort.
$15; houseman, $25.
WANTED — Stock clerk wholesale dry goods
house; one with experience, either retail or
wholesale, preferred; give age, experience
and references. Box 751. Call office.
BUS for flrst-class restaurant :« experience re-
quired: apply 9 a. m. to 12 m. ; no fee. Res-
taurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy st.,
room 46.
EXPERIENCED furniture and carpet packer
wanted. Address, stating experience and sal-
ary wanted/ box 771, Call office.
EXPERIENCED furniture salesman wanted.
Address, stating experience and salary want-
ed, box 753. Call office.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 26 Sacramento st.
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 11 O'Far-
rell at.
WANTED — A second cook at 660 Howard st.
PAINTER wanted ; stage hand. F. H. ABBES.
1S03 Polk st.
WANTED — 1 or 2 revolving barber chairs. 855
Illinois st.: state price.
FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop for sale.
Call at 132 Pacific st.
A FIRST-CLASS blacksmith; alao good flre-
e*cape maker. 360 Second st.
WANTED — A general tailor to work on coats.
514 Jessie at. -J
¦ _— — *
TAILORS. ROOS BROS., Kearny at Poet.
BOY for cleaning ud and to go errands. So-
rensen's Jewelry Store, 103 Sixth st.
ERRAND boy wanted; $4 week to begin.
641^ Stevenson st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG man to work around place. 1443
Harrison st. .
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work; good wages.
17 Drumm st.
PAYING barber shop; transient point: rent $7;
cheap for cash. Call 828 Bryant st.
AT "E. tc B." R. R. Labor Agency.
638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men. $2 60 to $3 day.
60 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job: eight months' work.
¦ Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
638 Commercial st.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam., bldg., 5 doors from Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4NS Parrott building.
WEAVER wanted: experienced in rag carpet
and rug weaving. Inquire GEO. MATTHEW,
700 Fifth St.. Oakland. .
MEN to learn the barber trade; flrst-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
i express or mall chrga. 11 3d at.. Exam. bid.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st.
BRIGHT, active boy of 16 to 18 for wholesale
housed Box 735. Call office. • '
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 00o
I and tiOc, while you watt at 6«3 Mission at..
bet. l»t and 2d stB.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on rnen-of-
¦ war In all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.. and
• 401 K St.. Sacramento, Cal.
A GOOD position Is offered to a reliable man
who has a large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners; If a good solicitor, he can build
ud a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern company. Address V. O. box 2694.
SALARY $20 per week and expenses advanced
for a good, reliable, . energetic man to travel
for an old-established house; references and
security, required. Box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
'and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, : has
added 100 new rooma to the Denver House, -
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers.
- Apply room 14, 20 Montgomery " st; ; San
. Francisco Construction Company. :
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
¦ years' practice; refereccea from thousands of
.persons for whom I have secured pensions.';
MEN to learn barber, trade; catalogue mailed.*,
8. F.' Barber School. 741A Howard st. :
McDONALD ¦& PKRRY have a large stock. of
' new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER' Hotel. 44 Third ' st. near Mar-
- ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading - rooms;'
¦ free . 'bus and ¦ baccure to , and from f ernr. 1
_FXATS TO LET — Contlnned. _
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Jbimense list;
service absolutely free; take Advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-269 Geary
st.. on th« square.
RENT $40 — To right party, $36; new sunny
flat, 7 rooms: strictly up-to-date; bay-win-
dow; swell neighborhood; see it to-day. 861 S
Sacramento st.
A SUNNY cor. 6-room flat; first-class In every
respect; 3945 17th st.; half block from Mar-
ket; Castro and Eightenth st. cars.
ELLIS, 2045. near Devisadero — Modern sunny
flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 10S9 — Renovated upper flat, 4 rooms
with kitchen.
NEW flat of fl r. and b.; cor. 22d and Valencia
sts.; rent reasonable. D. Coffin, 3303 Mission.
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon; new, sunny corner
flat; 9 rooms; grand view; rent $55.
2 MODERN flats, 6 and 7 rooms and large
basements. 1610 Bush, nr. Van Ness; $32 60.
CHEAPEST and bast In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FURNITURE/ FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of a 4-room flat. 39 Mor-
ris ave.. off Harrison St.. near Sixth.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED FEMALE^
WANTED — Cook, wash and Iron, $43; 3 cooks,
$30, $35; German cook, $35; 2 parlor maids,
$25, $30; nurseglrl, $25; waitress for hospital.
£20;. 5 second girls, $20, $25; housework, San
Jose, $30; 3 hotel waitresses, city and coun-
try, $25; chambermaid and waiting, city, $20;
kitchen helper, $25, institution: waitress,
private boardlnsr-house, $25; cook, 8 men,
$J5; 40 houseglrls, city and country, at ?20,
$25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st.
A NURSE for Infant, olace In San Fjfflael,
wages $30; a strong nurse for two chMren,
$30; a cook for private family. In country,
$40; four young girls, $20 and $25; a seam-
stress by the day, $2 a day, must be willing
to assist In chamberwork. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A LADY'S maid, $30; lady's maid, must sleep
home. $50; cook. $40; chambermaid, Salinas,
$25; nurse, $25; second girl, $30; ranch cook,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter st.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions' as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. IS.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to Jill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hatrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, eta, 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^i FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
YOUNG German girl for housework, small
family; no washing, no window -cleaning;
good home; $15. 1530 Grove st. I
RESTAURANT — Two experienced waitresses;
good pay; steady position. Apply 210 Town-
send st.
WETNURSB wanted. Apply with baby to
DR. LEWITT, 500 Van Ness ave., 1 to
3 p. m.
GIRL wanted for light housework and plain
cooking; references. Call from 9 to 12, 1431
Larkin st. -
FINISHERS, also good sewers, on ladies' tail-
oring; good pay; steady. BLUCK, 13S3 Geary.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work; good wages. Apply 2016 Van Ness ave.
GOOD hands on vests; also paid apprentice.
641 % Stevenson st.
GIRL to do second work at 1230 Folsom st.
"WANTED — Experienced girls for wrapping
desk. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market at.
COAT and sleeve hands; also operator and
stock elrl. 110 Geary st.
ALTERATION hands and finishers on ladles'
tailoring. 100 Stockton t»t. •
A GIRL for housework and cooking; wages
$25. 2C04 California st. i
WANTED — A girl for general housework,
wages $25. 2874 Washington st.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
references: call after 11 o'clock. 1034 Fell.
EXPERIENCED waitress at 119 Stockton st.
WANTED— Good cook; wages $30. 1301%
Lvon st., near Geary.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid. 230# Ninth
st.,' opposite Clementina. '
A LADY*>f Indomitable energy. to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 Parrott building. _____
DRESSMAKER fdr country. • $30 a month,
board nnd lodging. #Apply to-day between 0
and 12 a. m.. 630 TTell st.
FIRST-CLASS- finishers wanted. KRAGEN
BAMBERGER. 463 Mission Bt.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street. .
TALENTED- amat*ur performers. Appr# at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — A lady to travel and establish
lady agents; salary not less than $18 per
week; expenses advanced; good references
and small cash security required. _ Box 271,
Sacramento. Cal. " ¦
WANTED— Finishers and sewers for cloak and
suits; high wages; steady work. RATNER,
144 Union square, opp. Union Square Park.'
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
steady work: good. wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: gtod wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sac-
.ramento st. -
REFINED woman by wholesale house. Box
4477. Call office. - ' "
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received; at Call branch office,- 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st- ¦
FARMER and wife. > $50 and found; married
man to care for place, $35; farmers; 10 wood
choppers for - mining < comoany, , $1 . 50 cord;
milk wagon driver; cook and helper, . country
hotel, $80; broiler, $70; boarding-house cook,
$30; elevator boy; $10; waiters. . dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
:. Sacramento St.: ; ¦ ' . ¦¦¦¦.'¦'¦ v
BOY wanted: bright lad. 15 to 17; lumber of-
fice; may bo permanent If suitable. Apply,
DEMPSTER & SON, 320 Sansome at.,
room 22.
MISCEL— -VEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, 2<J-hand machinery. 1I:IN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »-
FOR sale — 1 small steam heater. 1 compressor
or boiler. L. 25-hor»epower ga 3 engine, l io-
horsepower gas engine. 1 s-horsepower boil-r.
For prices and Information regard. n? abov»
and inspection of same, call at WHITTlKj;-
COBURN CO.. 20 Fremont s.t.. S. F.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to !a»;
needs no painting or coating; good over &.A
Iron tin or ihinKlea; best for n«w roof*.
ELATERITR ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »c
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines. pu-n t ».
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bouifhr. soW.
rented and exchange*!; see Sunday paper*.
H S. W>HTE M'CH'T CO.. 130-132 Bealo «;.
A — Fine suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 5(». Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23.H Kearny »t. .
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to roc a.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
u!ax Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 0 p. tn. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 2U-252 Spear St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pa!r;
foot-fonn shoes at $2 50; we pay expre»*
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 2141 Linden st.. Oakland.
FINH twin baby bugcy for sale, very cheap.
1530 Grove at.
BEST Burbank potatoes. $1 15 the sack de-
llvered. Phone Grant 70; write, call. 115 Mkt.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $££3
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2tT.-ha.n-i. ail
sites, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 M_-fcat.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kind*.
KROOH MNFO CO.. 819 Market at.
SAFES — N«w and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SATE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVIN'O pictures, magic lantern*, sal*, rent— j
bargalna. Bollard * Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of Pip* and fittings; all sizes'. BC«
GEN- RILEY St SONB. 109 Vtllejo si.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10S
Montgomery «t.
8AFE9 — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 123 Market at.
All bargains ;camp stools and ehaln ;hammocka.
metal beds.mattresaes. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movln*
picture machines, films. Bacigal upl. 933 MTtt.
GASOLINE engine* automobile* and launchee;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at.
A8K fw>r prices on second-hand typewriters: al)
ro»k>s. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT3.
I PAY hlchest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRI3. 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HO_MS3.
1149 Market «t. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at. : tel. Jesale 2331.
A FOOT-POWER screw-turning lathe wanted.
W. I.. P.O. box 2CS2. . m
A BIG price paid for sealskins; sead post*!.
25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 4S4.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A LIST of bargains that can't be beat any-
where — Uprights: Alexander Allen, $JO; Coi-
lard, $37; Fll?her, $47; New York & Co..
$137; American, mahg.. $137; Ktmball, wal-
nut, $147; Mansfield. Notnl. Italian wal..
' $157; 2 Eraersons, ebony and burl walnut.
$140 and $1CO Stetson, wainut case, ?1K5: a
Chtckerlngs, small size, rosewood c-ase, *l*i;
'1 Stelnways, small and large upright. $l!«.1
and 9290; Singer, small size, slightly usm.
$215; Haynec, new. damage to case in tran-
sit. $190: Heine, «mall size, less than V>
years eld. put in thorough repair, $l*~>:
Heine, large style, slightly used. f: - .'">.
Squares: Blumfleld Otis, $12; Weber. $t>.">;
Stoddard. $25: Stedman. $S5. Rents *2 uv,
apply on purchase; installments, $4 u;>.
HEINE PIANO CO., 2.T5-2S7 G«ary st- : Oak-
land branch, 13th and Broadway, old P. O.
bldg. Largest exclusive wholesale and retail
piano dealers of the West.
A BARGAIN' LIST IN USED PIANOS.
1 Richmond upright, walnut case $130
1 Dennlston 20«
1 Stirling, upright grand, fancy cade... 2.'.0
1 Lester, fancy mahogany 273
1 Baby Byron Mauzy .1<:o
1 Sohmer & Co.. walnut case li>>>
1 Cecillan Piano Player 20i»
1 Pipe Organ, "new" t30s)
Artistic tuning, careful moving, highest
grade repairing our specialty . '
BYROX MAUZY. Post »t.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the builUin^.
The only . reason we advertise is to let yoi
know we rent the best piano In the city for 5 :
per month. Now we can sell you one just th<»
same. Our expenses are so very much les*
than other firms, why not investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and »a»»
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURT.V^S
PIANO CO.. 560-62-64 Hayes St.
! WE do not advise the purchase of cheap planom.
as they are seldom satisfactory, bur w« hav*
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIiJ
CO.. 769 Market »t.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up. Including such makes as Chlckericg.
Vose. Kroeger. Curtaz, Klrkfcam. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Ba-:s ani
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O* Farrel 1 ;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright p'.ano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros 1 .' upright:
little used; must be sold. 216 McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payment!!, elegant h!gl«
grade upright. IS McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead'a Storage. 1636 Market at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, slthers, old and new. H.
MI'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement: below- Kearny
•t.: rent $30. Apply 63fl Clay st.. room 1.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAIXT1SG. ETC
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; 'lntlng. palatine
Hartman Paint Co.. 819 3d >t.; t«l. Main *_
PIAXOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargain* in second-hand
pianos for September. 1903:
Original
Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS—
Walnut case, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves three pedals, raised carved
panels, in good condition $300 $119
1 RICHMOND—
¦ Mahogany case, small size, raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
p'edals, slightly used, but in good
condition 300 171
1 SPENCER. —
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, good condition 323 139
2 HOWARDS —
Walnut cases, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition: each.. 300 XS9
1 MOLLENHAUER * BACH—
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves, in very good condition... 250 13X
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large size upright.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovatad.
equal to new 350 200
. 1 LUDWIG & CO.—
Oak case medium size, raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tone. In fine condition. S50 219
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PERSOXA— S.
ATTENTION. LADIES— — — ~ —
To see la to believe; go and see the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
and Stockton sts.; a living model with the
wrinkles and bagglness removed from onn
Hide of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell st. •
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* its growth.stopa falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
_ cleanses scalp :at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..lCas Pc!'<.
NOTICE — I hereby give notice that I am not
responsible for bills contracted by my wife
EMMA ROSS, of 2110 Howard St.. after tills
date, October 2S. 1!MX!. ANGUS ROSS.
MY wife. GRACE M. SULLIVAN, havlns left
my bed and board. I wHl not be responsible
for any debts contracted by her.
J. J. SL'LLIV A N.
THERE are other cereal coffee*, but If you
want the best ask your Krocer for rof-fnrln:
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing
THE COF-FARIN CO.. 1.U Valencia st.
NOTICE Is hereby srlven that theTleanlns anTi
dyeing establishment known a.- '-The Suc-
cess," 2440 Sacramento ¦. st.. has changed
hands and la now owned by F. A. HALL.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installment*: .no c-nti
and up Per_week. LEON LEMO3. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquar.'
ade costumes rented. 2tt O'FarTell »t.
EpUCATIoyAT^-^ontlnned^^^
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
et., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of. violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l. College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day ar.d
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; |5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent»— The Weekly Call.
16 p»gea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yeaj*
EiMI'LOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE A0KI. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
' flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SCOTCH cook, with first-class references,
wants a place at cooking In a private family
where other help are kept. Address MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
PRACTICAL seamstress and hairdresser wishes
a place a« maid In a private family: well
recommended. Call or address Seamstress,
850 Folsom 8t. ;
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a small fam-
ily to do housework for; understands Ameri-
can and Jewish cooking and will do small
washing. 31 Fulton st.
A YOUNG girl would like a position to do
plain cooking and house-worn; wages $20.
Address MISS S., 615 Larkin st. _.¦
ELDERLY woman wlehea a pcBltlon as house-
keeper. 411 Natoma st.. between Mission and
Howard, near Fifth. -
A WOMAN wishes situation to do general
housework; Is good cook; no cards; best of
city references. 957 Folsom st.
STRONG American woman, flrst-class house-
cleaner, wants work by the day. Box 758,
Call office. ' >
A MIDDI E-AGED woman to do light house-
work and cooking; city or country. 1411
Baker st. ' •
DRESSMAKING in families; rapid worker;
Kood fitter: street and evening gowns. Box
752. Call office.
WISH a position as cook. Call at 2132A Bush
street. : *
RESPECTABLE flrst-class German and Amer-
ican cook; wages $35; references. 4 Lynch
st.. Pacific, Broadway. Leavenworth. Hyde.
REFINED educated lady wishes a position of
trust In city or Los Angeles, or aa travel-
ing saleswoman for responsible house: refer-
ences given. Box 2C49. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. •_
EMPLOYMENT AVAN'TED MALE.
SITUATION, private place, city or country,
by competent young man. 26, Dane, capable
taking care of fine hors««, garden, and Is a
flrst-class driver; references. Box 756. Call.
YOUNG man. Just arrived from the Klondike,
wishes work afternoons and evenings; a
rustler; handy at anything. Box 759. Call.
GARDENER wishes a situation; No. 1 ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, 763
Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG sober man wishes position at store
work or bartender; can give good references;
age 23. Box 4495. Call office.
PAINTER wants work by the day or any
ether way; has all painting tools for Inside
and outside of the house. 713V4 Minna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants a situation aa
night \.atchman; 30 years' reference. Box
441)3. Call office. .
POSITION as cook In boarding-house or fam-
ily. OW CHEW, care Quong On Tal Co.,
1106 Dupont st.
WANTED— Position as assistant bookkeeper,
shir-ping or receiving .clerk; good cnaracter.
Address E. M. D., box 2655, Call office.
MARRIED man of '-12 wishes position in whole-
sale or warehouse; handy with carpenter
tools. Address box 44U2, Call office.
BARBER, young man. wants position for even-
Ings and Sunday. Box 4491, Call office.
A REFINED old gentleman, eminently respect-
able, good habits, unlncumbered. desires a
position as companion to an elderly gentle-
man or lady, or both. Addresa P. O. box
2073, Sp.n Francisco.
LINOTYPE operator, competent machinist,
wishes situation; day or night shift; experi-
enced in job work; can care for several ma-
chines. Box 2645., Call.
POSITION wanted by a reliable coachman In
the country; thoroughly understands hla
business ; all-round man about place; good
references. Address L. S., 650 Howard st.
GERMAN, grocery clerk, stock clerk and book-
keeper, 30 years. 3 years In country, speaks
and writes good English, wants position.
Box 4476. Call.
WANTED — Situation as man about place;
gardener; can drive; handy with tools; ref-
erences. Box 2647. Call.
POSITION wanted as . engineer i by sober, re-
liable man; 10 years' experience. Address
728 Howard st.. room 3.
YOUNG man wants position as clerk In cigar
store; can give reference. Box 4481. Call.
A COACHMAN and gardener; all-round. man;
good references. Box 2640. Call. *
WANTED— To wash steps, water the garden;
Japanese, named Geonce. . 1410 Pine St.;
phone Hyde 171.
WANTED— A position to help In kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to $15 per month.
Address KAI. 528 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy.
HATSUTORI, 807 Polk st. _^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st. :
_______ __
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward Building,
. ' - San Francisco. Cal.
K_%.TS TO _ET.\
FOUR elegant sunny rooms with modern Im-
• provements In Mission sunny belt. Inquire
1167 Shotwell st. .¦'-¦r-:X..
ELL1S.-810, nr.Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms. ; all conveniences; electric light, power.
THE^CAtJ^
JOHZf D. SFSXCirE-S. Proprietor.
ifliress ccEiniiaicsncEs'ioTosl'KcSAPGHT, Managi
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The 0;>erator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rocm* 217 to 221 Stevenson rt.
Delivered by <~nrrlerF. 20 Cts. Prr Week. 75
Ct*. r«-r Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tenrs t>y Mail. Including; Pe?tege (Cash ¦« ith
Order):
DAILY CALL iinclu<1. Sunrfay*. 1 year.. .5800
DAILY CALL (inrlud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL — Py Single Month "S<=
bUNDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.MJ
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 °0
T ,__^. f L>aily...f«.RO r«T Year Extra
FOREIGN J Sund _,:.. 4 .is rVr Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. LWeekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL mSTM ASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail «ub«crtber* in ordering change of »d-
dr^es fhou!d be particular to Rive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt arid correct compliance with their re-
quest.
- CtAKLAXD OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE.
21 4S Center Street Telephone North- 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE. ...1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
rue Hotel ar.d Hoffmen House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Hcuse; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
f- GEORGE KROGN*ESS....Marquette Build g
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: .
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets ; open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Mot.tgcmery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 8:30 d. m.
."00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
<r>9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f.15 Larkin street; open until 9:."0 p. m.
1»41 Miss'.cn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
uctil 0 c. m.
1^6 Eleventh street; oj>en until 9 p. m.
10f>6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*:
r-r^n until 9 r>. m.
Nnrtfcwe-Ft corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky ttr^-ets; open until 9 p. m.
;;n«t Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. O
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. October 27. at 7 :30 /?A
o'clock. R. A. degree. By order of
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. »
M. — The officers and members of the- \^/T
above named lodge are hereby noti- /V\
fled to attond the funeral of our late
J>rothrr. MOSES COOMBE KIMBALL. in
Kmir Solomon's Hall Masonic Temple. THIS
DAY (TUESDAY). October 27. 1903. at 2
o'clock p. m. Master Masons and friends
of the deceased are invited. By order of tht
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Pec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30 F. and J5
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TVES- W
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third /V\
degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary-.
ORIENTAL Lodpe No 144 F and m
A. M.— Third d^ree THIS (TCES- W
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V*
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec.
MAGNOLIA LodKe No. 29 I. O.
>• F— Initiation THIS EVEN-
E. R MOSS Noble Grand. "^Sww*^
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P.. -ft*
will confer the Knlpht Rank (long
form) WEDNESDAY. October 28. Ti_V
1903. at Pythian Castle. 9CMH Mar- Jg£2i£
ket ft., at h:HO p. m. Members — ¦"""^^
of eisier lodges cordially invited.
FRED WICKERT, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of.R. & S.
TO the officers and members of South "J^i
San Francisco Lodee No. 45, K. of
P. — You are hereby notified to at- "SsSr
tend the convention of this loiee _!£3»v
THIS (TUESDAY! EVENING, October 27.
at 7:^0 o'clock. To receive the Grand Chan-
cellor and transact other imi«orlant business.
Sojourning Knights respectfully invited
E. ERICKSON C. C.
H. C. HINCKEN. K. of R. and S.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted; new adjustable cuff holders; i
pair postpaid. 10c; other winners for live
men; private specialties for women; cata- :
logue free. Address 1. O. FOWLER. Paler- ;
mo. Cal. j
A'JENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Compary. Parrott bldg.
ATTOIIN'EVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE~FR_E. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Opea Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jeasie 4711.
Offices on Flrrt Floor — Rooms 1, 2, 8, 4 and 5.
1122 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc. ~~ ~~
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
.Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prcsecutions, adjustment*, corporations, pat-
ent*, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correaponaence »«llcited.
til B11A. 61 IB Crossley Bldg. Tel. John 2026.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY INLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. Atfy-at-Law.
1322 Market Ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
RCBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rocm 611; ail cases, damajres, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges : ca!I or write; '
evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In me rl tori-
cos cases, divorces, probate and all other law
-cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lrg. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Market St.. r. 3L
Warr.er Ttmple, 93 Chronicle big.; bankruptcy,
accidents, probate, matrimonial; labor llent.
DIVORCE ccFte $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Market, r. 52. phone Black 651.
. A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room GL2.
Parrott bldg. ; phone South C55.
DIVORCE — Costs. |12; quick; quiet; open even-
tr.rs. 927 Market ist.. room 30L
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 82? Mar-
ket ct.; consultation fr*e; no fees In advance. ;
- AITKEN 4; AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clcme bldg.. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful- all
law buflnems. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
A TTEEK"S news fcr 3 c»nt* — The "Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mniline. *1 per year.
AUTOMOBILES.
1903 KNOX for sale: run less than 100 miles;
gre-gt bargain. Box 4t7a. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A T-ARGAIN — Photo studio; central location:
other business demands my attention; no
time fcr trillers. Address box 750, Call.
$750 — DELICACY store; select rooming dis-
trict: 2 living rooms; owner called away
Box 760. Call. -/'>.*:
PARTNER— Butcher shop; small capital; good
hahite; chance: investisate. Box 757, Call.
FOR sale — Stationery news burners in live
country town. Box^G2. Call office.
GOLDEN opportunity; could not be better: hog
chlckin and duck ranch near the 7-Mile
Houte, off the Mission road; everything com-
plete to make all kinds of money; must bts
yold at bargain. Box 44SS. Call office.
RAISE Fq.utt.bs for market; pays big money on
large or small outlay; quick returns; small
fpaee; little trouble: unlimited ecope; free
booklet all about them. MILFORD PIGEON-
KY CO.. Boston. Mass.
TH R EE-QUARTER Interest in old -established
importing, rxporting and manufacturing
business, shipping to all parts «f United
ftatet and the Orient. Box 2652. Call. ¦
flOOO CASH, balance same as rent, for corner
grocery and bar; less than stock and fixtures;
running 9 years: with • two-rtory cottage. 6
rooms and bath; lot 25x100. 21st & Douglass.
RESTAURANT and oyster house. 108 Seventh
•t.; going In another business. . • i
BUSINESS CHANCES'— Continued^
WOULD like to buy part lr-.ter«tt or whole in
a good-paying business; email t'jwn or coun-
try; rive particulars. Blx 26M, CulL
FOR SALE — Rosedale E*chvn»T»: flrst-class sa-
Iccn: doing good business. 1428 Market st.
GOOI» bakery In country town to let; account
<f other buylnegs. 408 lleAHUter st,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
FOR sale — First-class lodn,lnr-»o'-i»e; central
location; no agent.*. A. II. i'jMIVH Furniture
Co.. 12S-1"2 Ellis st.
FOR rale — European hotel; ccntrsl location; no
ae-nts. a. B. SMITH Furniture Co.. 128-132
Ellis Ft.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; all fall; price rea-
sonable. P?4 Mission St.; call fcet. 0 and 4.
Must sell, account sickness. 12-room lodglng-
hmi!"»: 231 Golden Gate avo.; full; a bargain.
SPIRITUAHS3I.
PROF. Fred P- Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp lor circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 887.
O. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie eernce to-night,
8 o'clock, *1. 1084 Bufh st.
i MME. YOUNG'S convincing te::t circle to-
night. 10c; private readings. 619 McAllister.
\V. G. KEEGAN holds test seancer? every night
except Sat.. 10c; fit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. HARLAND, readings Wtc, $1. 14S Sixth;
circles* evening* except Monday. 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
»:30 to 4; seance* Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 (1 $1 $1 II
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE. ,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Frauciseo.
1 do hereby solemnly agree a-nd guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you ycur
name, occupation and what you called for;
, I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart U true or falee; I tell you
whom and when you will marry: In fact, I
will tell you every hopo. fear or ambition
better than you caa tell yourself; I improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible deyeJoptrent In mental vigor,
health, happiness Cnd capacity to earn \
weaiih; so you will live happy and contented ;
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. rn.; Sundays. 2 to 8. 3:{a QFarrell it.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Thinl St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your li;<> correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrajs events to
occur in the future; if yoa are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; £5c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. BlacK 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private leadings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 queitlons answered, $1;
full life, $3; Fend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send curnmcy. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fanco money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec- j
end sight; tells the past, present and future; |
ladies. 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry !
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. . 123 Turk st. I
MRS. A. H. Kronenbertr, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader will give a food reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MIPS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage. buslneF*. etc.; _ 60c.
G. $1; bours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. LEE, palmistry anj clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 60c. 305 Larkin st., rooms 17 & 18.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city..
2C>4 Kearny. room 20; l»dies 25c; gents 50c.
PARTHENA. gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post st., nr. Mason.
Gffted clairvoyant test mwiium: names given;
ladles only.25c; 2 to S. ltOS Harrison, nr. 6th
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. genta 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME.WALTERB.great carl reader; ladies 25C,
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISSWARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 3. 413 Mascn Bt. ; no sign.
• ¦
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card leader: slt-
tlnm dally. 44«>4 Jegsle st.. bet. t>th and Oth.
CAHPET BEATIXa A?npjOEA?tim
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR |
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main B237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et. ; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen, j
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216.
ADVANCE Carpot Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props, j
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
rearonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works, I
333 Go'.den Gate ai;e. ; telephone East 126. !
COLLECTION OFFICES. j
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10; tel. 5580.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F.ADAMS CO.
• SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoe*; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit tor all. 318 Mason St.
DEMISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 MarkelTst^
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates.
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours. Si
a. m. to » p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaehan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without rain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are.
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set;all work painlesB and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 73c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter,
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pare*. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
¦ ' ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men, an
engineering school, -an evening law school, a
working boys* night school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnait.
turn and other privileges. Apply at Y. M. C.
A. building. Mason and Ellis 6ts.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorniand. touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. . 1412 Polk et..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season. '
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Ft. ; special cummer course is all depart,
ments; handsome cata<cgue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory echool
for the university. law and medical colleges;
reC. President Jordan 'or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— BAN FRANCISCO Business College. . 1236
Market St.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
d^y and evening test ions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day cvgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard st., nr
Pth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught. .
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. »ur-
v*y, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof DeFillppe's Academy
of Langaases,320 Post; eetab'd lS71;ablest profs
Advice we give here every day —
It's good and cheap, you'll 'find It pay —
To the effect that all should read j
The Call's want ads. Tou should take heed
Of what we say if out of work.
Try It to-day, no longer shirk
This don't-fail way a Job to get
-And free yourself from care and fret. '"Doesn't the fallinff leaves and the sray
sky of autumn fill your heart with a tinge
of sadness?* asked the sentimental young
woman." .. ¦
"I should. say it does." answered the
bnsiness-Iike yceng man. "Fm the pro
prfctar of a eummer hotel.**— Washington
Star/^«HMBHm^BnBHMHe
American Adaptabaity.
Lady Curxan. the vicerine of India,
stands as a shining example of the facil
ity and the adaptability of the American
woman. Occupying a position which
brings her fn. continual contact wita roy
alty, she bears herself with as much dig
nity and distinction as if she had been
born to the purple. No daughter of the
reigning house of Great Britain eoxxM
sustain herself in the place of Lady Car
son with more admirable poise than she
exhibits in all of the great functions In
which she is caHed to figure. Lady Cur
zon belongs to what would be called a
new" family, even la America. She has
not behind her the. generations of culture
which many American women can point
to. She was brocgbt np fn Chicago, a
town that is consplcuoaaly associated
with the commercial idea. Her acqfuirf
tlocs were not aided' by '-he influence of
hereditary culture.. Her achievements are
the fruit of a keen and active mind and
an agreeable personality under the spar
and encttarag'effient of liberal advantages.
Her accommodation to the requirements
and the opportunities of large riches
shows th« difference between the British
and the American systems. In England It
requires centuries to manufacture the
sort of . ladles and . gentlemen who are
often developed ia this country ta a "'sin
gle generation:— Kansas City Star.
Almost Every Part cf the Costume
Host Be Adorned With
It is only a very few years ago that it
was considered bad taste far women in
English society ta wear jewelry in tee
daytime, says th« London Express. Now
it is fash icnabte to wear not only dia
monds and pearls with afternoon costumes
but at33 a variety of other rems. The
craie.fcr barbaric jewtlry was perhaps
accountable for this departure in the first
instance. \
At any rate, at any society fenctian
nowadays a full dres3 costtane is not com
plete without a dlamcnd chain cr pearl
collar/ while breeches, pendants and
trinkets of turquoise, sapphires, rsbies
or emeral-i* in conjtincticn wtth the dain
ty jeweled watch and popular paste or
turquoise bcttaos are always to be seen.
Even for momins wear tie simpZe skirt
has dlaisond cr peart tQ2s and sZU'i«.
Jeweled hatriru are popular wedding
gifts. Jeweled waist belts and hanging
pcrses are also mnch in vocze. while the
long- picture earrings, which have been
in fashion barely one season, are cftea
seen in the daytime as well as at even
ing i?artfe3.
Tnrq[Tioises of every conceivable size and
irresroiartty and pearls of all shapes have
been the fashion for some time Bast.
A new stana for day wear is the New
Zealand stone, which, as an adienct ta
the barbaric pearl so much fcs favor, is
charmhrg wear.
Apart from Its lovely coloring—* deli
cate, transparent shade of greea — It is sup
posed to be a stone as well, and
y^t< to tie snperstitiottsi Is a welcome
chan^e-frora the also "tacky" tot rather
overdose taniuoise.
Another c«w stone Is cf the loveliest
rcse pfnk tint, transparent "yet wtth the
cI<ru<Jy softness of the cpai. This rtsne.
which forms a becoming finish to an aft
ernoon costume, is worn as necklace, pen
dant, brooch or earrings, and t» as yet
but little known to the fash&ocable wqrld.
—New Terk CammerciaL
remarked year after year that the num
bers of women are growing steadily.
Teaching ka* beeo fa woman's sphere
for an rime, and fas Chicago the propor
tion of women to men as teachers ¦*<? a3
professors In the schools of an classes is
72SO to a paltry 1591: and more women
are binding- books, malting boxes. Tr>»V!-*g
glores and sewin? fa an the Caes of
seamstress work than there are of nten.
At the same time there sxe 73 dentists.
72 srtists and teachers cf art. 1C jocr
naEsts. 2S1 literary mud scientisc wciaen.
343 Bhysrclans and srzrgeaas and' 3335 s-
sfcians and teachers of nnsstc — Kev Tork
CommercfaT,
¦ . » ¦ ¦
-WeO. that's enouxn to try the patlenca
of Job." exclaimed the villa ?? minister.
as he threw aside the- local paper.
"Why. what's the matter, dear?" asked
his wtfe
"last Sunday I preached frosa the text.
•Be ye therefore - steadfast.* *"- assirered
the good man, "but the printer makes
it read. "Be ye there for breakfast.* ** —
3SODEB3T IDEAS IS
TEWELSY-WEA3JJSG
Chicago's Asarr of
WO3CE3T WOBKEBS
Seine to Be Found in Every Line cf
Work Frequently Excluding
One hears cften cf this or that town
cr cf certain sections that are "sreat
manufacturing centers." and the public
is apt to associate manufacturing , -with
provincial areas filled with immense fac
tory buildings, with nearby "quarters" or
tenements' or boarding-houses for the
operatives. And there Is an all too com
mon notion ta this country that city ii'a
Is "all ptoy and no work." But the big
gest cities are- by far the greatest "manu
facturing centers'* In this country, the
greatest tivea of toil in the world.
Take Chicago, fcr instance. One hun
dred and sixty thousand women in that
city "go to business" or work every
morning. It Is a great army of "em
ployes in petticoats." Against this army
in s&Irts is an army of S0O,CtiO men In al!
lines of professional and manual work.
But steadily the_anny in sk±rt3 Is galn
ins' upon the anny in trousers until there
is scarcely an employment open to man
which has not a woman, representative
somewhere in It. competing- with man ha
his own exclusive field.
Perhaps no one work of man h.-is been
encroached upon, by woman as has the
business of stenoirrapher. The time was
In the beginning when only men were re
garded as at all competent for the gen
eral work of taking shorthand cotes and
transcribing them to paper fn lonartaraL
With the coming- cf the machine and the
spreading of the liberal regard which
men In pubtle b^in to assume toward
women in otSee work, women took up> the
busmess of the stenographer as h^r own.
and so steadfastly has she held to It that
in Calcasro to-day there lire SI13 women
stenographers to the 1«C men In the
work, and these women are increasing,
in the schcola Is the proportion of three
to cne.
Not only has the woman taken to the
typewriter and tire shorthand notebook
but in the systems of accounts aha has
mad« a place, and from the foothold al-
ready gained she Is encroachtey steadily
cjon the d«man4 and supply for women
bookkeepers and accountants,, and wher
ever shs has b«€n tried she has not been
i found wantlns. To take op the average
Sonday parser . of ta-day acd look over
the want advertisements at women seek
! ing r laces and the advertisers seeldn?
I women for places, there is little sosses
¦ tion from the numbers to indicate which
! portfon of the paper is set aside for the
| female **want3" and which for. the males.
t As mnch space In the main seems to be
| stven to the one as to the other. More
j -women stenographers will be- wanted than
i^nale; scarcely m,ore booKkeepers and
' clerks will be fonnd amonr the male
wants than a raying- the females: tn the
misce 11a seotis classifications quite as
many women win seek positions and be
sc cjrft ; far positions as there wUI be of
I men. '~^£$£8&&BQBB3m&
I VTomert a.= salesmien are taWrtg a front
place ia the jreat stores of the city. The
fcist cecsos far Cltfcago sfcoTred nsore than
ose-tMrd worn-en as salesmen compared
I with m«2. * The flsnrss wrre 2 Jtt men.
I aa asrainst 7SIS women CIUn^' Hke posi
i lions, and even with this - showfsz- it is
THE SAN FBA2sCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1903.
13
STATEMENT
C0*il)I1103 AJTD ATTAIE3
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NE"W TORS. EN THE STATS O7 Nil'* 1
Tcrtt. oa tie tin day of Deceiaber. A, D.
19t£. ks£ far the year e=-On«- on that day. a*
-»— »- to tiit Issaranc* Ccnxasissicser «f ths
3tat» if riBfnrgu, pencast ta ths
of seeticss CIO i.~. i <11 of the Potiticai Cads.
«-i?r «e-i as per c : . i-X r-r=ur.»-i fcT th* Cbbi-
=isaicner:
CAPTTAL.
cf Casttal £t=e». p«id *9
ia casa • r»,cooa«
¦ASSETS.
Baui E*ca» oxm»S by Cc=?«=t * C22.1SOL3
Cash Markst Val^* of all Stocks
ra4 Bcaiis ow-=e-i 07 CcKpacy XSt(Xf<X Cw
Asscasst cf Lc*=s securrl kr pletfj*
of Bond* Stacks. «ai <rth*r sar-
tottJaie seesntie* as cotlatcral. .. 2S3>.WO i>
Cash, ta Coint»ay*s Cf2c« ., 1T.1*« 57
CuiilaBasJD "-"^ O^=» *»
Interest das and acensnJ en aU
Stocks aad Lo*s» - — Z«T 31
Pr-cii-saw ta **• C«sars» ef; C&nee-
tica KMS
rUarj *2« 9Sd accrual .- 1.CS7 ii
RiMtrs rHsssrasr* ispcaU >ru: ts
Cc=;a=7'» pcss«33tec> ¦ 3.ST» ',*
Total Assets ............ ......CWt.gn 77
LIABILmSS.
Zxsses ta prows* <tf Ad^tst=eBt «.,_._,,'
la ScspfEM I 291W4 5*
Losses resisted. tocI*S=* excesses. GS.0SO U
Gross ff-T"* oa Risks rsssizr
*cn<» y«ar >ir less. % ; r«t3-
wiraac 59 per eeat S.0B7343 30
Grass prvrBlss* en F.. jis rsastac
sairs than oae I^sx. f ;
r»Jnsarss<re pr» ratx.. 305.TCS 5*
re- aad sccrsed fcr taUria*,
restl «te 33.&R M
Ca&trasess f2sd 23O.6GO0U
TWa! LlaftOUlaa .SXSM.*?0 OK
ISCOM3X
X«t cash «.ctaarry received tor pr»-
rti^Trr* JHOa.333 33
R«r«ivefi fir tsterwt asd dlritUrrfs
ce Bc~ads Sticks. Lea si. aad
froa aU otser searcea EM.Tt2 «3
Pj«:e«ved. far rests.. - M.0BM 9R
Bacetvetl from a2 sthar socrees... 90.1MJ7
Total Iaecas* .»*.T^«. j<H ¦»
EXPEXUrrtTRSS.
JCet 1 ** paid for leases finebtd-
taf % losses ct pxwtocs
5-arst -= .*LS2.0t423
Dividend* t» steeiheiiers. ------- - - C50O «u
Pali cr allowed fcr C*TTT*n'sw1»m or
Brcksnye L1TMJ4 «O
p»M for sauries, fw. aad other
ctarrw fsr <£2c*n. eJsrto. etc.. 222.527 ¦«
PxM for Stats. satioesJ *s<3 toca!
txxe* U.4S033
ATI ether psymests asd »i^»=-li-
tsro S40l«3 2S
Teeal ExiwaJtarea-.l .«3.J*7.4H JT
i Lasses tncm'iwl Jurist ti«y«*r ELfittJZS JT
GZOP.GH F. SIWARD. Prwtdeat.
ROBSBT J. HUJ^.". Secrstary.
i Sabserfbrf asd swora ta tafora =- tail 2Sti
i»y cf Jaaxxarv. 1903.
W. L> KS3ES. Xetarr F«J«Ca.
CHAS. J. BOSWORTH,
v General Ajjcnt,
318 CALIFORNIA STREET,
Ssu* Fraaelieo, Cat
. NOT hew ch-a; tat i-w f-^cd is the octta e£
t=» ma=--ac r crers cf the Easi4 Rctarr
etaadartj th« »ewirj:-c=ai:h^e cf V>-£xT- J.
. tr. evaNs tfgt. i^a Mj -~^! t
PHTSICIAN. 13 r«a--*' *^?~*'? : l\. csr ? J^l*
c»=«i:y nrcrriie. «c*=« -^^W-,*? J* !
atifirem Certrsi Phar=a:ry. —1 Grx_t »t«,
TOrser gutter tt.: it* federate.
DAXO-'G Tu-9»'-iT. Tt--^'-*.7. Saturday. £un-
4±T*t4* . T-^tcnia Hai Edward St.. or.
Sti; PrcfJ F-rtt'r; en:i*'-7 dancine 'inyht.
• LIQTTOR haMt r=r*i. W, r«ara=tee ta cw«
¦ tie tmitx '-a 2 «*r* cr co chirr?*.
Ac=e U<:^cr Cure Ca.. SST Market, r. 2C2.
DRITXSENNESS scrphice aad all <Jrs» 41s- ;
cases pi»;t;ve:y <nr*d by Willow Baxk Co.. j
:vk- F;i.k *-: •-msTiI'^atlcc fr^e ;eall cr writs. '
EEKOVAL-rr C STRATTON saa r»- j
ciot«; his c— ce frcra 2213 Mission. «t. ta j
ra«ss IT3 aad IT4. Farrstt bl if 1 Erapor.-sr:). |
4.T '.e^s ttas cost, cscatled far r=its. overre»U
asd troc*fn at CEA^T FTS LTCNS". Lcaisa i
failcr. 721 Market st.
StTTS ta :r-i'T ct irstaTlrie-ita fl per wee*.
X>sJ;»S8 A Co.. meres. tailors. 72T-72» Mark**.
iVFE^yZ-^OZS hxir * mcies remaned ty alse-
tric resile !>. A. Mrs Traverse, 117» Market.
XEZ **** BtsBB to bey j-ac<! C2i=r%nas or
t»v- "•¦-= cevgred cr r^alred u 120 Stocitca
TA_n>T?--M.'U3E srr.t »7 ZO: dr-a» pants J2 Ml
M:r£; C^rthlny Parlor, cer. Bsaa anti C-cpoct.
MA c -;'~ET?.A.rE ;Uy b-Kks. Wtg*,
ccertry crders. GOLDSTEIN A CO . 733 Mit.
ALFFXTJtTt'S Eryptua Her^a r-st:nr» frar
ta^- ta its ra-t-jral eoicr; II; at ail JrsCT'Jts'.
£=--"^«ecs hair a=.3 moiea reirarred with site*
tt-.~ -»*^» Mi * K «. Ea.~ g m» CgtrgT.
I»Al.«II5TnT.
HXE. rtr'A?— ?.:t«-:f*;rlc rair^ist ard arrrrl-v
• r!!t - rti:£ P W: 3 QUESTIONS AN-
r^"Z?-£r> FP.EH. T-fgday rre. 133 Petit st.
H JHF.CMi: FOSZTLLX. »r*.-ct:ic palmist. 113
T»T!cr «t . ¦)>!.- <>»a.ry. Fhrr-g Etagfc Ml-
PptQyE5SXO3TAX STITGrSS WaSTSB.
— Ex^#rieric**d chorus *—r*^* * p»l '
caJe *-i fi?=a>. Apply *tas* door, i
P-iM '"¦yn-Hcw. 12 -•- : :>-it. fvlay. j
rHVSICIA3fS ASD SIBGEO5S.
CR. C C rrnnvwrr. — Ofaee and resii«c=^ ;
1CS1^ Market tt.. b«t. €th and 7:h: caruca- i
lar acteat:cn csui t.-> diwases of wojsea.
BIjQQD tils, arjl rctil dueises a nxi^ity. ,
CR. BALL. I*. 73',, UiArt st.
RrVCVrtJ— CR. WONG HTM. hert ic<ncr. j
;**t fc«r yr»r» at 115-117 Hasctl; :j» la- j
cared at CCT Geary rt.. sear Leav-s-ir^na-
r.l TCNG PO CHY, r-cc*sscr ta Dr. U P«
Tal fcerb doctor, csres *2 i:«!aaei cf a-rrraa :
by za* cf heria aad teaj. TT: Washiagten »t.
ttTXG WW3. the fa=ocs bera doctor— AT 1^- j
BOOHS FOB. nor*EKEEPl.Mi.
ANTLEH5. CXS Ttrk n.— Strictly =aier=. 4-3 1
rr«:n; atarisreats: f^r. cr c^J!»r. *cr hjip*. '
t* \I35TT l^ 1 *" C'^ ue' rj"*vi3ajie^*>— 3 tmf r> -*- '
ai»i!».i rocirs: an frcct and sunnj-; priv»ts j
fUEily; fir adults oniy.
L.*P.KIN. »-7--s— Larr* St.- «-;.=r;v f-crrtiahed ¦
room; 'i^t housekeex inff : sis st-yre; rcfSw
M-AIXTSTHP, S^»— Laryi? r^ssy fnr.t ro»:ra; j
»: r^rr». art bath, liun^rr; ¦duU < $!'».
MO^EI- H3ri£. 12"« g"»**T- s^— Newly :
f^mis!:ei r->:-crr?. $3-TI2: t*ti5. r»*. phone.
7KHA3IA. r.ir First— FTa.C 4 hir^sekeertnit :
; rrrs; ¦— str*' ioraticn; re^t low.
SOUTH PARK, <4 — 0d« of tw-> racODOd cicely !
f=rr.jt«-'i; f:r bo>is*kiwptas.
tur-wtri— * —¦•rTr*: r-*a.t and ccairlete.
CLaSSIFIZTj adv«rtise=ect» *jjs «^=*-— .pticscs :
recei*v«»c at Cal: fcrxsch cfice. 22"-*} Fillmcre. ,
A EP.ANCH cfi-:e fcr Call aiv»r::s*=i-=ts and ;
r-itscrip-icr-s So* beea esta.tiish'sd ai 1C3<
*"«>-_—.» rr.
B*a>fk]>c Rooau Agartm't Eoviei.
EL MONTCRET. the city's aw»s: ¦i-'"Tt-1
nc:«"i. I-ica-ei SB. the norLS s;-ie cf Pla« St.. !
tetw»*n Kyd* a2'I Lr"aveaworth; a superb !
fc-ick Kiil^^* of Sparisn architecture; aU
the eccifcrts <rf hcc»eke«pi:^ ccnitined with
:^e ccr;v»m«inces cf bate] lif*; Brka very
r»>ascra.i;>.
Tlir: Freder^rk. Oul g'arryaJi. ccr. Pars — Fun. :
* p»j-tzn^n t» ; rri. fcazh: r*i?nm BllHl . Janit;r. '
ROOMS TO LETT Fan. tad rjnfa.rn.
A — EE-UXSWrriC E:=se. 1-t* Siiti — Room
23c t3 n r«r =-L?h;. J7 23 bl iS per weei a=d •
Usht hcasekeepi^s rr^rc:*: cp?n all rijrht.
AT "The Afiaestst," S73 Markst st. (cr Na. 1 '
FlTth st.) — Hoojes. 25c. 30c. II. $1 M a^it; :
fl SO -j- fid week; hecsg cpea aU s^rht.
BOt3CEZTi i* 23 Market told Na. L5S4) — F*^r-
ni*t^-i mr.r^s. r=lte. sl=jrle-. also -^rimstsi
CAUFORNtA. :*»; — Fursished r:.:=u; fi«.
fcatli an-i te>jt:n-.
CLXFFOF.r, 204 Ellis. <rcr. Ma«o^— Elesiatlj
rirrish*; szz^iy racazs: ji-.c-s r»aictiahii.
FZULXTKLZX. re:— Nicev f=r=i3h-~l 7=~y '
r-:**^*: all Sroct; all cccv. ; $14. Hi} death.
GEaMi bsbjOcsb, 'zh a.-i M^sloo — Roccis Uk
U» ti 50 n tj t.-; we-c: rea liaj-raenx. ;
JESSIiC -JsC. »*.^t ". c. Mirt — Fersissed !
r..<xrs. $.; and *¦: i-r — .¦isth.
I-A.3TNA tad McA^^Eter. St. James fit — Ssa- ,
BCTAL H=j», 1T3 EU^—^icasdesceci L»its.
ttx£iz£ -rzr.zz. «~r.kt:yr-r3c23 as<S Iai.es' par- j
:-r: ro«=s cer »«iTrT. 3Sc ta fl &>: week. $3
U f?: sasti. J 1 * ta $23: elevator ea gr.uad '
2ocr; «c=:s with fcet ai-1 cc!<J water: baths. !
r>:=. ssttab'.e fcr oc# cr twe r^atl-tsaea cr •
can and w.;- ; jrat« an,-! jrtviiese cf fcath. |
TEE GILLESPrS. US Nlsth— Fcraishei r=i«.. I
II SO u C a n-rek: *rar-«:»nt BfSjkC '
ITNrnrr> =TATE=. 12= E.«y st.. =-ir iLirket—
«0D «in«5« and fa=Uy roc=s ; 3Se ta «1 m«ht:
fl T3 to J4 w»*k; tlevatcr: •'.•ctrie i-rtts: |
reag^ar^rcc; free bus ar.d taprig*.
VAN NESS. CI3 — H*r.-i»c=* «u=ay f =nishe4 !
«=trrs aid »mir> roc=s. aU ceaveciecee*.
¦WINCHESTER Hat«I. +t 3d St.. war Vtiriet
Moat ccs-remer:: a:d r-sr^ciahl*- 7!» -rwsa* ¦
23e t» fl 5*? n^ht; TZ to U week; -levatfir; '
g>c. Exfcts; reagirg-rotra; : free bes: ta«ra*e. i
A BRANCH cfice Do* Call a.iv»rti»»^i<»nt» ami j
rsbscrictiess has teer. ertafcl^hed at 1033]
V«:«?=cia «-
_ _— __ 1
CI-A5cTTTET' a-Jvet*tisem*8.ts «ad rsbecrt-ticcs !
r*rr?v< st Can b-»n.-h <-.ffj-i». 22O} Fli:=:cr». |
ROOKS i\D BOARD.
fTEVEXSON ili-^i-.T_ e«J7 CaUfcrci* St.— At- i
traetrve ar^J *yrht:y tx.gm; teat tafct* aad j
service : .¦»¦-. raies.
VAN NXSS ave . 1~4 — Private b>:arilaj-hotise. '
hattelike; «vtr>tiiE« first class ; ss£S7 !
. icites; sirjrle ro«:=^s: chctoe locality; ref.
TURNI£Kin> ro^cis and tas> ocari; private
far^ny; reascsafcle. Zr^i O'Firr»li st.
BCOKS \*-A.VTEI>.
A YOCNG Baa wishes a rxsa Is. the TT«tera !
AAl'tica: terns r»uu:aab>. Bix SO, CalL
SPECIAL XOTICE^. 1
L«<li«E: Chicb.ai^r'* Er«ii»a Pennyrcyal Pills !
« are b*st: safe. reliab>: take to ctier. Send 4= , l
rtasr^a for parcirsiars. "'Relief f;r Lad>s" i
• ia tettsr by retara issiL As* your irzxzisz. ',
Oacfceater CheaneaJ Co.. Psl^delghU. Pa.
21 OTHERS — r?ri=k Ccf -faris ' rejr3lar!y ani
yncr nerves ted <£lxa#tici! wQ b* ail ri^lt:
ct*e tt to the chii-lren aa»i the cid man, and
!i«Jf ygcr tr-rafclfs wt!I e*a-^.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
CiTSING the G. A. E. -ccsj=;»eat Dr. COIsw. j
IC23 Market st. bet. €th-71z. fitted classes ta i
•>»a- aii:«-s: yea stsal tie te«t as w«U a> h«. !
MACHINES ASP srPPLIES
-EW HOME ftirjyf nytchlie; this week e=Iy; I
*Ij. J13. CO: .lirEUy csed: needles 20c fics. |
NtTtV HOME S M. CO.. 10S1 Slarket st.
¦ ¦¦ -I
SPECIALISTS. I
OLTAEHH. DEAFNESS aid NOISES ia EARS j
psKtttvtly cured; sew tsethed; 1 week's treat- j
sent free. Dr. C.-ct;a^-i:a=i. 20* Setter t.
tTORAGE A3TP UAREHOCSEi.
A— E3£FOrtU."M £tcrar« * Vaa Co.; furattare. i
.-—--.--•.. •! (fo>;<is start>d. nered. chipped. 723- j
731 Hcwird st.. near Third r piseoa Grast liL
PIERCE-ROCKDLPH Stsra«« A Mavlac Co.. of-
Cjc* Post asd PcweU st*. ; teL PrlT. Ex. 57X
CONKJUN"S £t;ra*e— FcrsUtzre aal oerciaa-
ilt*. 3SS Gcldec Gate a»e. ; ghcae East 12*.
OCLTJEN West Eter&cc; advasces made; S4S
ai^sioa at : teL Hrward 84L F. W. t»h^-m
PACIFIC Etcrajre and Forsitsre Msvtnr Gota-
p*rr. 2Stt> FU1=CT« t.: fchese J*cfcsoa Sit
EZSINS Vaa «xd St=r»rt Co^. ll McstroBKry
«.: teL Mate IStO. Ehigcigg at cat ratea.
A «iZa'S etw for 5 cecta — Ta» Weekly CalL
13 f*rs*. ta »iaj r^eg. fsr msTTtT'c } 1 jesx.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOABWA7.
OAKLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
js*»> cash. $13 monthly: a new 2-stor7 house cf 3
rcorns; bam; summer-nouse: tmmenae oaks.
laurel and other trees; a larye creek through
tie jrrcunds; sood well of waxer; lft lots. i*>i
113; sranrf soil aad no tetter climate ia Cali-
fornia; cne can make a ywxl living on this
place; r. : winds cr lags and cne of the rncst
• :-::»'.— rui etots yoa ever saw; adjetaia? East
Oaiiaad; price, ta all. I2SC0; If yo»i can nse
tais prcperty it is one of ta« best yea caa
have. Call cr send for circular, 4i.> "ta «w
epp. Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
JSSCiT — 2 SEW modern flats. 7 rooms each; lot
IVrxlSrt: 2 blocks frcsr btisJness ceQter; will
ray 10 p«?r •rect ca iriv»stnerit. C. K. MAR-
SHALL. HIS Bro*dway. Oakland.
J23C«> — COMFORTABLE ..cottace. wita ba r -
I window an-i btzh basement; lat 1{O feet
de^p: fine, larjte baro^rravef driveway; dee
Bet«-hbrri:oc«i; street "• jr* all dace; above
Sars Patio »i» ; terrss tf you nke. GEO. W.
AUSTIN, cr J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
P. J. McKAT.
Real Sstate and Insnrasee.
House R^ntinr. Rents Collected.
Bargains CBnstanc'y oa Hand.
I-fft Sevgara St.
! DXPROVED Oailaad property to exctas** fcr
lets ia Cailaad or Saa Fraacisco cr Uad not
far frcra Oakland. P. C. LASSEN A CO.,
«gg Tenta st.. Oakland. Cal.
J 'WEST St.. «40; seven, apartments: Income ST3
per mcata;. Jnodern Iraprovenjents : wtodniiU
and tank; J7CC0. Ic-;.:re 9CT Grcre st..
Oakland.
3l3der= h-Tos*. 9 rtas.; staile: Mxsca A Himiia
<rrr»n. B«f=r» 12 tn.. 422 Oraare st.. OaklaJid.
i g.-^ rcLAxn Foa^ sale.
TO-MORROW tie day far bargains ia farta-
ror». H. Sccellftaas. llta st-.cor.strjre.Oaiiind.
Mill Yalley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEST barpiins' ever of>r*d: new tract rl^-ht at
the eta: Ice: big lets, beautifully wooded;
gtraad views: streets grided; water daias
la^d: lot &^tli3» for **X): terms, 10 per «ac
cash. J10 monthly; b<xind to Increase in.
vala»-: 02 lets sold to date; s»nd f'.w booklet.
LTON Ar HOAG. 11»S Monty^nery St.
STITTEWAG AXD STAjmERUiG.
MEJ.BOL'KNS Schccl. Vaa Ness-Markst— Car»
la every cas^; iadividaal tea. gr: ing: aa rae-ii-
cine. Inquire into wond*rfsl cares :hcnse cure.
•M~A~R.Tt.TAr;?; LJCEXSES."
The fnC<:wi=s rr^rrlas* licenses were issued
i yesttrday:
Fra.a;i« F. Kacrp, 21. 1^27 Ellis «tre*t. aad
] E^fi* L. Mcruraaru t\ All Thtrteeata street.
Joseph O. Mtversteia. 29, 251S Octavta street.
! and Edythe TV. Jlarieo. 23^ IOCS Bush street.
Isaa? N" Hayes. 21. 133 CFarreil street.
• aad Minnie Dayton. IS. 2S Ervs street.
Carlo Rsff.vtti. 22. Ha!f3vx!Q Eay. aad Ida
j Pariici. SI. 702 Frunt street.*
' G*cra« A. Robtsson. 2T. city, and H*!ea A.
BceQ. 2«. city.
John J. Hefferaao. 2». 3^S HowaLrd street.
J ari Adeline V. Fhu=e. 27. 5SH^ Howard street.
Joha T. Kefga-. 23. 7Q!> Ellis street, and
t Margaret Slattery. 24. 1774 Urrfon str-»t.
Jo»*rh A. Ketti^wel. 3tY, Onklaad, and Htlea
' Francis. 30. 1.1+4 Hvi-^ street.
Jens K. Jensen. 35. tU3 Howard strset. aad
! Els* X-L Xtawtai 2-t. mi Hawird street.
Random Loftoc, 2i. 411S Tweaty-totirta street,
an-i Bertha M". Taylor. 23. 2*25 Greenwi.jh st.
Arthnr L. vhiinn. 21. E» Paso. T"i_. and
j Valeria. L. Ccnrtney. IT. El Paso. Tex.
BIBHB— HABBIA6I3— DEATH-T"
Eirtii. raarriATi aid death, notices sea; by
I sa.il r3 not be teserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication. ofBees and be
indorsed wita the name aad residence cf per-
sons aathuriied to have the saae pubiiahea.
BOB2T.
' CASTOR— la this city. Octcfcer 2t. 10C3. to the
w-ife of C. F. Caster, a son.
¦ r>R£m~ES — In this city. October 23. 1303. to the
wife ct C. H. Drewes. a daojjater.
I M"E>."TER— In this citv. Octcber 14. 13C3v to
¦ "the wife .of W". Mti^niir. a dauihtar... -
i *
liAP.BIZD.
! A5HZR-GOLDEERG — In this city. October 13.
ir*cs. by the Rev. Hymaa 1 Eanuielscn. Pailip
Asbtx aad Lillian Gctdler?. tcth cf this city.
! HENNING — CL.IP.K- Ia this city. October 24
tad. by the Rev. J. H. Schrc<Hier, E.iwari F.
Hfecafa? and Maria H. dark.
! KERTZ — KANNIANEN— la lixa city. Octciwr
21. I3«i>. at the residence of the Rirr. Joha
VTUicn. 27 Kirtfcrd street. Lyc«i B. Hertz
and Kilaia Elentjra Kanaiaaen. bcth of Saa
Fraacisco.
f LINDNER— THOMPSON— In this city. O-rtober
24. l'J>&. by the Rav. Frederick A. Doaae.
Albert Lia-laer and Marguerite Thompson.
both of Saa Francisco.
I =
DIED.
B&yct. Ed-srard Hurd. Marian B.
E^rry, TT;otr.a« Klsbail, Moses C.
B.;ce3teil. Charles D. Lindsay. Mrs. C. M.
Brown. Jcha. A. McCabe. Joha
Cadisaa. William Math?r, Edwia L
Carey, Cornelius Mo*"n.ch. Lout-*'
Calvin. Hash J- Mcnsamt. M-tvUIa
Ctmiton. Jaraes M. Pa»e. H»cry M.
Curiey. Annie Quiniia. Mrs. Dr. E-
¦Demartini. Aniia Ravaai. Maria
Dennis. Mrs. Ma.r?t. Sanruels. Rcse
Flchthai<;r. Jcha L. Thomas. Emraa
Fra-wr. R*v. Thomas Tawasend. Athracta
Hai'en. Berra_rd C. Vecer3trom. Neal
Harinarton, Lcui^
BAGOT— Ia Alameda. October 23, 1903, Ed-
ward Bijot. celcrved father of WUllara J..
Henry C aad Edward A. BapTt and Mrs. J.
R_ Christy, a native cf Liveroeol, Enjlaaii.
a^ed 74 y»ars and 2S tiays.
fZ? Friends and accfaaintances are- respect-
felly iTTvirffd to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 27. !.'!>¦... at 2 o'clock, at
the resiierxe, 1*23 Clintco avenue, nader the
asspices of Oak Grave Lod»e Nt. 21^ F.
ard A. M. Iaterraent Mo»iataia Vti?w \aalt-
l BERRY — Ia this city, October 24. l&XZ.
Thomas, beloved hosbaad of Harriet J.
B^rry. aad father cf Gordon. Grace and LUa
E<rry. a native cf N*w Brunswick. a?-ri 71
years 2 menths and 24 days.
iEyFrie&is and acquaintances are r-spect-
foliy isvited » attend the fsaeral services
Tuesday. Octo6"?r 27. 1303. at 2 o'clock, at
his lat- residence* 3128 Twenty-second street.
Interment Cynre* Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from enraer Eighteenth, and
Guerrero *treet» at 2-10 e'efock.
BONESTELL— Ia Teatora. Octocer 2*5. 1303.
. CnarUss D. Bcnestell. a native of New York.
*?»d 75 years.
BROWN — Ia this city. October 2$. 1303. at his
residence r.13 Foarteecth street. John A..
dearly beloved hosband of Amelia E. Brown,
beloved sen cf Thomas and Bridget IHIIcn.
brother ef the late Matthew. Katie and Nel-
lie Erawn. aad son cf the late Jots D.
ErowE. a citive of Saa Fraactsco.
jCT 1 Notice cf fuaeral hereafter.
C1DIGAN— Ia this city. Octcber 23. 13C3* Wil_
lias Cailsan. a native of Ccrraty Cork. Ire-
Uad, asaii 2tt years.
CT" Notice cf funeral hereafter. Remains a:
tie paricrs cf Carew A English. 23 Van N«ss
CUIET— Is tMs city. October 24, IXR, Ccr-
neiiss Carey, a native cf Boston. Mass.. ajreti
£J years.
COLVIN — In this city. October 25. 1303. Haza
J Uta*b*ad of Mary M. Colvin. and father
of Edward J. CoJvin &ad Mrs. Alice A- Ben-
nett, a native of Glasgow. Scotlaad. aged 12
rears 7 months aad 7 days. A member of
Califcrala. Lcds* No. L F. aad A. M.. and
Veteran Fireaisa'* Associative of Saa Fnta-
Ci3CO.
C7"The faceral services will take place
¦W*<i=««iay. Ortot>er 28. 1303. at 2 o'clock, at
ata-onic; Tenrple. under the- aaapicea of Calt-
tarma \jy&s* No. 1. F. and A. M. Inier-
meat aiacnt Ottvet Cemetery. Remains at
ta* uaricrs cf Care*- & English, 2> Via
Ness a7«Bt3e.
COULTON— la this city. October 2*. 1303.
James M. Coaltoc betoved busbaad of Mary
Ccultcn. aad titter of James E.. WUiiam
K., Alma and Georye T. Coultaa. a nativ*
of Saa Francljco. ased 43 years 2 moctas
aad 20 davs. A meaiaer of Bersal Lcds*
No. 1». A. O. C. W.
CTThe feaeral -will talt« . rUce froa St.
Jcwrptt* Cnurcb. Ttnta *nd Howard streets.
Tuesday, at » o'ctock. where** scleaa re-
qtOem. mafs will be celebrated for the repose
•f his sosxL Remain* at the morozary chapel
of tie Golden Gate Undemila* Company.
t*73 Mlsntoa street, near TWeaty-Crst. Ia-
termect H-»ly Cress Cemetery.
CURLBY^Ia this city. October ZS. 13C5. An-
nie, fcelcved wtTe of Joha. Ctaiey. aad daaya-
«r of Patrick and Annie McGowia. a aativ«
of Peaasylvaal*.
C^Notica of funeral hereifter. Rernaias at
the paricrs ef Pad£c Cadertaksrs, 777 MU-
¦icn. street. ' » - .
F. J. Mcnahaa. Prssidest,
MOiNAHAiN G- CO.,
<Iac)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
**T!^ T71T Mission st. Telirpbone 51.
F. J. Mora ha a. President.
Jaaes JXcOi-n. N Hearr Tfan«r|
JAMES McGINK & CO^.
Fonnerty WltJi McGinn Br^s..
F'Cneral Director* aad EtnbatTiers.— —
I ' - 214 Eddy sc; Trt. SoctA 578.
¦ n^_ A^ ESTATE — CTTT— -FOR SAI^E.
1 " . i T~T:
2IAELSOSA BTKKE. » SICXTGOM3TKT ST.
-T ADCTIOS! AX AUCTION!
EXTBAOPJD IN AKT
AT AUCTION'. AT AUCTION'
WEDXESOAT OCTOBER 2STH. 1903L
At :¦-.- sa>sr- •¦=-., ">•'• MoQtgcmery ct..
At 12 o'clock, nccB.
SALE OF SELECT PROPKRTfSS TO
CLOSE TKS ESTATE OF £ILA5 U. LOCKS.
;" DECEASED.
1 "-«L ¦'¦¦"¦ i o
; £,- T * r 5H r
. > ta
111 • 1-= . TM
is si . *s^ ¦
at. J^ •>*"
MARKET ST.. ADJOINrNG CORNER O3"
MASON
1034 — Marlcst at., bet. Masca xsi Pow»n. as
; crpcrtisity cr a HTetiss* to tarwt fcx ta«
; cicicest cf Saa Fraacisco realty. Very crater
I cf retail district. Arrnsal rect %ryx
ETCDT ST.. ONE BLOCK FBOM MARKET.
« 12» ta 123 Eiiy st.. bet. Mascn and T»y*.cr.
Dtpsctly la Uie o£ realty frowtfi. Pr»sect
tacct=e %4SB0 p«r a=a-i=. This property
tsedd be iairaedlateiy isisroved.
'"' CC»R?rETt OJC 1IIS5ION ST.
STT. cor. Miaston st. and Grand ave.. bet.
Nirti and Tenti its. Tals Iccatioa Is.
rteadily tacreasiax ia va.i#e. Let 2S:lxW0.
Present a==al tncosie ia.4; caa b« la-
cr»as«<I.
THTRI>-ST. PROPSETT.
! An mniivided tsterest 13 tsis y 1 '-vci tt . lo-
cated co tr^st lia» cf Tnird St.. bet. Bn:=as
and Tcw-^**nd; U7:«xlS0 ta Hi:;i St.;- t»J
frsstajres.
TERMS AT SALE.
F-r catalogues an.1 particulars apply to
MADIiOS A BTTRSE.
92 Mcctr^aierT St.
! MODERN cctta?»s; fi-iahed complete wlca
every cccv?ci*-ce; easy terras; larre lots.
4 r;c=:s— TSOC.
6 recaps — * .."•
5 roocis — *'-""¦•'
« r:otcs — f?«i.«.
T nc=j — J11P0.
s rr«=^ — t-teCO.
Lcrat*d ca First and Seccnd »t».. bet.
G**nr j~i McAH'ster st. cars tsd one block
V aerta sf park. F. NELSON. ccrMrr.
, $3O>— COTTAGE. 4 BOOB*, C3 Mosltrle sc,
m^st be ».: : t3 scttie ¦-.-".j.:- »s cottage.
4 r. and t£. 155 Nevada ave.. If*> .iowru bal.
t--r=s. D. COFTTN A «?O-. 33IXJ Missioo st.
I MAGNIFICENT new Sats for sale on Sixteenth
St.. cesj- Churca. Apply oa premises to CON-
E-OX, boSder.
MODERN uiUm, 4 rocss: I13M: t«rai sass«
as psytBS rest. Apply ewrer. lainber yari
SE. ccr. Alata.=a a=d Msntcalm sts.
i BITXLD en year nnimsrove-i realty; w« loaa
f-=ll cost Ur-prcv. «n; part !<rt at « per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO. . Cracker tgiliing.
• FINE irccr:e Cits ca Fnlwc n»or City Hall;
r»-«5ocabie. LmuLi :42 Faltcn st.. ewn^r.
RCiX ESTATE— CooBUT—F«r Sale.
' IN Bk. HtlfrzJ. — 0 acres choice la=i. 5-rx:m
hcu-e. wtne cullar and Larsrcvemerts i 1»X>
v;ri»? and s.:ra» orrSarf: price |2-<>0. Apply
ta S. MIDDLEMAN. 413 Front tt.
'¦ $10 A MONTH buys a t«n-*cre farm tweiv*
tn;:«s frcm 5acran:entc; write fir bccklet:
it's fr-e. -n-RIGHT ft KIWBROUGH. ««5
J st.. Sacramesto. Calitmia.
: IF ywi waat a stack raacS. •ialry cr coj.-jclia-
rl:n tract, write CHA5. TT. COS A CO^ 43
¦iTest Sjrta St.. Sa_3 Jz*e. CaL
ALFALFA bads, -»c-!c« rxacaes. crcharis.
v-.=i»Taris; inspected barrains: mocthly cata-
Ic«-^« ««nt free. C. M. WOCSTEH CO . «*S
MarJcet st
FCP. roclrry and ixlry ra^efces ri»I«iI=X a rood
prcCt HAVTLTHN 4 K3TS"DRICK.Pi5ta!Tim*.
VOB SALE — CScic» tiock ta MHifcrae. MARK
UyE. IIS Moctg^meTy st.
IKH.VT HICH.VOSD HEAL ESTATE.
ilAN L r' ACT L iMNG site. 4 acres". located 00
bora Santa Fe and ScathTB Paciac reads:
nocst available site for ma nufart tiring pcr-
peses en tti* side cf the bay: price very
r»as<-.cabie. Fcr price and fsij.1 infarrrafl^m
fee J. K. MACDONALD & CO.. 1CC2 Brcad-
viT. Oakland.
WAXES frcnt lets »nd barraics: all tracts:
cap* phc?=». etc. EET-L. 417 Parrott bldy.
TO LEASE. ™
A LASOE ligiite-l besemect to In. Appiy 771
H-ward st. cr 2C1 Fc^irt^. j
TYPEWRITERS A5D SrPI»LXES.
GREAT BAP.O-VLVS IN TTPE^TRITERS— W*
itil t*tttr mactines fcr less crccey than acy
hcus? ia tie city: rentals S3. The Typewriter
E_iraa=?°. a<t CaUfcraia; tel^phcae Main 2S8.
A FETTT good tT>»ii!:rit«^i *t SM •*ca: set par-
ticcjr?. L. & il. ALEXANDER. U0 Moat.
2T>HANT> tTp»wr-.t«>rs scid. re-ted, repaired.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A I. A WED A REAL ESTATE.
EOCSE FOR 5 ALE.
A t~xA fcc5£»v» of II rociris, wtta all csodern
eosv»'ii*3c*s: lr.t 5<)3liO; between Graad aad
Ci.en'z.iZ-'ZS- stamens; price S400O. J. S.
HASLET. 1-TI» Pa..-1i «t.. r»al ertate.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
NORTH END BUSINESS ELOCK.
EEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
! BERKELEY STATION: NORTHEAST COR-
, NEP. OF-VTNE ANI> SHATTVCK AVENXTES:
' M FKET FP.ONTAGE ON VINE STREET 75 ¦
FEET FTJC'NTAGE ON SHATTtTCK AVE-
i NX's, large two-stop.t frame build-
: LNG 3 STCRS3 ON CROITXD FLOOR;
1* LARGE R>>3Ma ON SEcrOND FLOOR;
: ALL PANTED AT PRESENT; PAYING «J
1 PER CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE: 'CAN"
I BE MADE WITH LTTTLE OUTLAY TO
1 BRING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT.
CHENEY A BERST,
¦ ¦ B«Tic?>y — Pctcface Block.
C23> — «-ROOM nr.sse; let «Crl2!>; street wcrk
dcee; 1 tlock froa Ccliese av*.
; pZO— Let COxlSJ: Aidlsca St.. war Sa=t» Fe
liae.
: CHENET A BSHRT'S SPW'l >n
rr»XV— «O feet c= Ctaresaont av-.; irfl sell
this as wltote or ia lets cf 1C«> feet frcazas*.
IS lots sear GroTe tt.; $«f> to $500: isstxH-
\<CO feet ca water frcct and railroad. 'V^st
r\rk«l"*y. Zzt sale; fsrt the place fcr a factory.
P. 6 Blcck. Berkeley.
FOP. saie— Is Berkeley; 9 teaatlTU tcsies ca
Esersca, Essex asd Priace sts.. between
Asaby-ave. statioa ar.d Saaitack ave- Taks-
new ferry at foct cf Market st. at any even
hour and ta 3«> minutes will be oc cratrads.
I will fce en grmza&M cr have my representa-
tive there froia * a. m. t : 3 p. cr.. evsry day
except £caiiays. Bsy cf builder aa«J owner
and save sceey.
C. R. EHAtT.
Ccstrxrtcr and Baild«r.
124S Uta. ave.. East Oakland
-fTZCO — ONE acre ne*r statioa aad sccool ; grasd
iocatica; car c^arastc« a tsUe bargain.
S-: : -<~< — A zorul 11-rccm house, stable, fruit trees
aad 3 lots tscludeti: t blocks froa trala;
1 block trasx electric ears.
Atso lets fir --a'-? ha tin Waeeler Tract.
Berry-Eaajrs Tract. CeEtral Park Tract. Mar?e
Tract. Hardy Tract. Graves A Taylor Tract.
Daley Scenic Park tract for ana cr ca easy
t*r=s-
L. J. MORAX A CXX.
2131 Etattac* av«4 Berkeley starfoaT*
¦VTHY pay rest when you caa buy ae-sr.e-rooia
cr.113.zr with, all roodern tgprartciegts ; brick
facsoaticn. hi«s fcasenieat. electric Czats,
city water; let 37:&xlS5; price SISCO; terms
s :.*.¦> case, balaace ns a saosta; tnly two
blocks to beta ferry ttnez. ¦tcrca, schooi.
efcerch aad electric ears. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lcrta Etatioa; eoea Saniiys.
J. J. MASCN,
Ecsi Ests.t* «sd Iasnrxzce Ape-
Ciclce Proper tj a Sp-dalry.
€E- ecr. Shattack av». aad Ostcr st.
DElTAR-ron— Ia this city. Octo&er 23. 1303. I
Anaa. Desa*rtlni. fceievtd - wife c£ t&e lat* .
GimlAsaa D«maxtini. and mother of John. !
Frist. Z*mla, Pint. James aact Lixxla De-j
martlai. Katie Bkgsotti. Annie Ciatasnettf
an.i the lit* Vina Tiacoraia. a native oc
Italy. xs*.<i 53 years and S mc&ths.
C7Trten>i3 aa.'i acnuaintaacw are 'r*sp«ct-
fally invited to attend, ihit funeral to-morro-w
lW*<£iesday). at 1*> o'clocSt. from Idll Saa.
Jose iraui, thence t» Corpus Cliristl ?riarca. !
wa*»r* a r*»ittieEa hi*ix naass will t« celeoraUti
for tft* r»?ca* cf ter sool. conrm^nclats at ;
lOiJO o'eiock. and traa. th«r« at 2 o'clock. 1
for tie New Italian Ctaaetery. (
DEXXI5— la this city. October 28. 1SC3. Mrs. I
Mamret. beloved wtte of V!cna*t Croats.
dearly teloved raotaer ot Miefeael T. D«uils.
if«. J. J- McCulIouja aad tae Lu« Mrs. E.
U Lawr-nce ot Goldea. Gate. Cal.. a&l sfcrter
ef Patrick Ctmniars of Saa rnaclaco. tae
late Jena Curamliics of Santa Rosa. Cal..
Micfaa*! fit" "'"P of 3£aasachasett». the late
TUnotay Caamiajj of San. Cne^o. CaL. aad
Urs Tb««aaj Whaiia of Portland. Or.
CTHetnaUss at Valesti. Marini Sc C<v's.
1524 £ tocStoa strwt. b«tw»ea Grwa - aad
Union. F&nerxl settee later.
FICKTHAL£R— Ia Lcs An*at«s, October S5. I
19«5J. Jcta I- FV=tkaI«r. «J*ariy belcred has- j
band of XelXle FVcathaler. fataer of EtneU
FrasJt and t^» late 3£U.ir»d FTcbtaaler. ami
brother cf Mrs. P. McArdle.
FKAbSK— In Oakland. October 3*. 1300, at
Bis residence, al* Myrtle street. Rav, Tacraju
Fra^er. V.D., b«iov«tl fatier «f Jalia. Fra*er
aad C!^.r!?s T.'. E^efce. * native of Scot-
land. ar*>l >C years 11 -csmtns and T days. I
E^ Friends »cd acqaaintances are respect- I
fuiir invited to attend tt« ftineral services ]
TtUBKlay afteroooc. October 2T. 1303. »f» 2 I
o'clock, at tie caapel of tae First Presby-
terian, Cturcn. ccrner cf roorte<!!Cth and
Franilta rtrtecs. Oaklaisd. Iaara«at pri-
vate-.
HAN'SEX— la this city, Otcber 23. 1303, it
the parents' resideace. 23 I>catTir street. Ber-
nard c. beloved liiJaat sen of John, and Isa- '
b*>CU. Hajisen. a natrve at San. FVanciscov as«d !
1 moirtii aad 20 days. >
HARTN'GTON— Ia Sania Cnxa. October ZK 1303, I
Loi;-;.---i HariTistcn. widow of to« late Dcoylas I
Mcffat Har*.ast.jn. and belcnred ractier cf j
Eecry. A-ijIe. Trti. Artlr^r and Gecr?- Har- -
layton, a cati-nj of Priace Etiwxri IiUcd, I
ay»d «1 ytars.
CT Friends and arQtiaincances ar* respect- 1
, fully invtt*«I ta att<^:d t!±* ftmersi servtcef 1
Wednesday, O<rtob»r IS. td«>3. at 2 o" clock, at !
St. PacT» EpiacopaX «ra<xrca. comer ot Tonr- !
'.eenth ami Harrison streets. OwJiiaad. P_»- |
mains at the ucdertakSa* pariors of L*itca !
& K<ad<!rsoc 5T3 Brcadwiy. Iatsrnj*st prt- ¦
rate. " •
HX'RIV- ra tiis L-lty. October 55. l*n. JLiriaa !
Broatcn. b«lo^e<l daughter of Tliomas and :
ifay Hard, and sister of Oltve. N'ayter aad
I.i* Ballanger and Tillie. Lettie. WlUlanx ana :
Kadreth HTird, a native of San Francisco, j
«£*•! 1 year.
ETPtttOBi aad ac<rial=t*aces are rsspect- j
fiiily tn vital to at:*n»i tie funeral W^d-ea- '
day. Octafcer 2S. 1»<?3. xt t o'clock, frota the i
residence cf h«r parents. 3K1* Larfcia street. !
Intersawnt Cypress Uwa Cemetery.
KIMBAT.f.— la tilli city. October 24. IMS. \
M.ies C. belovwi hiMoand of ta« Lats Maria ;
M. KisifcaiL father cf Urs- J. T. FUzsftn-
sau, aad brctixer cf Tocnias D. irim^j.!^ 4 [
native cf Tn«:=:astca, M*- r a.g*d ~i years »
n .r.r. s .:i aad :; days- (Maiae papers please
ccrr.)
CTFuEeral servicni will be beld t3-day
iTueaday;. it - o'^loek. at Itiscnic Tetnpiw. ;
corner F'cst and 3t£ctjnni«ry «tr«*ts. nader j
tne aaaatcea at California !/¦!<¦> No. 1. T. j
and A. M. Intt-rment Cyprwa La-va Ceaie- I
tery.
LINDSAT— la Reia. N>t.. October 23. 13C3. |
Mrs. C. M. LJadaay, teloved cotaer of Mrs. !
J. J-;in.x-- acd Mr*. William Waltz. • na- j
tlve cf Es«iand. axed 73 years.
SC?Xotic« •€ faneral hereafter.
McCABS — In tiU city. October 23*. 13CO. Joan.
B«Iovi!d axstAad of tie lats Winifred 31c-
Cabe. and fainer of J'isa. James. Wt^iaat P.
aad Wisifred McCate. a nattse ef Iretand."'
aj«tJ tJT years aad 10 nacctS*. A oeciber of i
M:I.I»rs' Unica No. 184.
>^~ C7 Frier, tis And ic^;Maistiinc*» are respect- I
fully invitsd tj attend tae faTieral to-day '
<Ta«s.i»y>. a: 1<> o ciock, from tne tat* re»i- !
<l-?nce. t\'l TVeLfth. street, thence to St. Jo- |
septt a Ctaath icr »ervic«s at 14:30 o'clock. |
Iaterment H.:ty Cross Ceraetery.
MATHER— la Out City asd Couaty KfMcItal.
Octctpr 55. n03|, Einria L Matner, a native
of Missouri, axed *S years.
MOSSCH-ta tnis rtty. October 24. 1S08; Loois
iio-sch. b*Iov»d htubacd cf Clara Moenca. |
fatlier of ilrs. Hnlda Seiisr. aad sraoil-
faUier of Mrs. A. H. Pape.Tufrs. T. lUlcne.
A. P. Seller. Mrs. O. Roataski and Artaar
l£o«acX * native cf Gersasy, ajsd T3 years
"i mucUis and 11 days. >
IT-T Fnenrfs and acquaintances are respe^t-
*3Uy invited w artead the foceral to-day
?Tuesday?, at lt> o'cioci. frcm Ms Lata resi-
dence.* 230 Clinton Park. Interment Cypresa
3Lawn Cen3*tery. via eiectric car froca Ei*at-
»*nth aa-4- Guerrero streea.
STON5ARR.iT— la Betaurat. CaL. October 2*.
1*S. Melviile- M., beloved son et Jallaa and
Clara Mcnsarrratt. a native cf Hacchiiu. H. I.,
aged 17 y«irs.
— CT Friend* and a<?>itjalatanc«s are r«spect-
fatry Invited to attend tne faneral services
to-Escrrow «WetJB-?sday). at 2 o'cloc*. at tne
F«?fc-rs cf tae .V,-etn.":m ' AASSUns - Ftseral
Ltrectsrs. 17t4 Dwvtsadero »tr»et. between
Satter and Busa. Iatersient HobcIuIti. H. L.
rr. arrival of staam«r leaving- Saa Fraacisco
Tiiursday. October 23. 1303.
PAGE — la thte city. October 28, I>3. Henry
if., beioved hus&and cf Aanie Pai». and
father ct Jessie asd Axtaar Paje. a^al 37
years 2 mentis aad 2t> days.
QUTXLZN— Is this city, October 23. ICWl. Mrs.
Dr. Elizabeth. Qiiialia. vs.oti*r of Albert G.
Quirriia. eldest tft»u«ater cf Mrs. L. BusX and
itepdiasnter ct Dr. L. Bush, a native of In-
diana, as^d 52 y»ars 4 mentha and 18 days.
C7*FurxeraI services will b* heid to-day
? TassiiayK at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of
H. F. :Sahr 4 Co.. H3T Misaicn strwt. be-
tw«a SeveatJi and Elihta. latircieat^prt-
vate.
RAVANI— Ia tafs city. Octotwr 25, 13C3. Miria
Rj.vani. beloved wife cf the late Leossardo
Ravant. and beloved aunt cf J. A. and Wil-
tlaia ButiteUX Mrs. S. Brtazolara. tee latp»
Michael L. and Rachel* Spiaettf. Mary Goar-
u^:: l and L<roi2a Bacisalsai. a native cf
Itily. as»«i *?3 years.
E^TFriemi* and acqaaiatances are resjpect-
fiilly lnvite<l to att-aul tile fansral W#iin"*a-
day. October 2S. ltKKT, at i> o'clock, from her !
lats re«iienc<». 1S10 Daront street, theace o !
Sts. Peter ind Pa-^Ts (Italian* Church, where i
a rs«taietn hirtl mass will b« ce>brat«tl fo- !
the re--os*' of her scul. coeinsencisg- at 9^»!
o'efcek. Iateimeat Hoiy Cress Cemetery by
\ \tz3Ci trala frnm Tcfrd arrd TQw-nsend streets.
Please emit flowers.
SAMUELS— In this city. October S, 13CS, Rose
5aniue!3. beloved wlfa cf tae Iata Sells
Saaiael* and mother cf Mrs. Riy Marks.
Mrs. Jennie Klsosair. Mrs. Hattia Schsibei.
Mrs. Sarah Merers. Ifrs. Lily W«wrtptal aa>i i
Michael.- Lsadon? and Sojj S»srm*l3. a naav* I
of Emm2>erx, Germany, fzvi «51 years.
ET'Ftiec'ls aad ac<?oai3tances ara respect- I
fully invitsd. t.j attend the ftinerai W«daes- !
day, October 2*. at 1* «•* clock, from n«r U.W 1
residence. -2 Valparaiso street. Interment !
KiXL* of Eternity Cemetery by ll-JiO trafa |
frcra Tfcrrd and Townseci streets.
THOMAS — la tills city, October 2». 13>U. j
¦frrr™-* beloved wife cf G. W. Thomas, and
mother of Alvlnese Tbrmas. a native ef
Auburn, CaU ajwl 39 years * mentis and 7. j
days.
TOVTN'SEN'D- Ia tils city, October 23, 1305. '
Ataracta B.. beloved wife cf F. R. Tawnsend.
and metier of Cleo Towas«ad. a native cf.
San Francisco, ajed 43 years 11 moctas and
22 d.»y»- \
jr^Tas faneral will take jrfae* to-day |
fTaesday). at 1 o'clock, from Iwr Date rest- |
d-i~c>t 122T Stelaer street Iatsrmect prtva^- j
ta CjTres3 Lawa Cemetery.
VENK&3TROM— Ia this city, October 23, 1303.
y»al Ves«rstrem. beloved hosband of Marl*
V»n£rstrcn. and beloved father of Mynxar.
Martin and Mabel Veaerstrijm. a native of
Sweden. as«d ¦«> years and 2ft days. (Port- j
iasd. Or., sarers pte*s« cccy.)
ETFrienti? «•"< acttnaiataeces *rs r-yjwet- i
folly tsvitpd to attend the fuaeral servte«5
to-<iar - fTwsday). *£ I:3*> o'ctock. at tae i
cfcapet of Cnarie* H. J. Truman & Ok. 1306
Mission street, between Flftsectij aad Stx- i
teenth. Interment Cypreas Lawa Cemetery j
by carriage.
GREATER FRISCO'S
; GREATESLPAPER^
GET NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
== NOVEMBER I. =====
With Schreyer's Marvelous Picture
"FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES"
;_ i ' _
ffp^*^^SB»ffw^^^ ** * -*- ~ • - *' . - *• •.. * - --^j
»<asajyagaafcJi»iapfcpjii^ •> - ; : '.-. Jt j> - ... '.-^ - .; . * " - ¦ .•..,*/- ... -, \J
BJ8ftPBjifefy£f^^^^^i^a >^?^"y--M jmEsStB^- ¦¦'¦'.* * ¦¦"' - : ' ¦ ¦¦ '¦-¦ ¦ :" '"¦¦*: ¦ " "*^* * ¦ "•***—*."." '*","*
Sa3fJ!Ssa^stJ^£yV^^^7^^s<tfS^^^^alP^sasal^^^5^M ' : .*- •' ' : ' ; *\ * ¦K B^BBBH^Ea99Ail p Sr i' ; 3dS'"**!U«» 5*Tt^T "TC?*^* M^wHfcj
«y<aJi*a»FftSL 1 -^KastsCMga^R.T?^:'r^. M i T^r^AZglaaaMasR^asr^y^ ,. ¦: . *tA jTat, - '• '• ;• , y. ¦* -*>rr^ *-^\IfS Ki2» - - - ' /- ¦V' *l 'vl ¦'-?
1 PJflf^y*^_^^^?li^M-Jf<KSMK^^Kyj^^-J^^^^^^^MJElasT J IHjMiB ¦ ' *¦ ' -¦ ¦ ¦* ¦' ¦" * j>^ _*j "*^»«SiBaBT '¦ " "**¦ *^ 1/ " - * "k *
f^$2>^i& -*^*^i W»§^Sw^S3B^ V
fti FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES."
A wild, Txareasosing panic often seizes upon men fn the presence ef
danger, or even when danger is only imagined. A&ang the lower ani-
mals the greater the intelligence they possess the mere they are scb-
ject to terror. It is said that elephants tremhle at the sight of a monse,
and horses, which are credited with more intelligence than most doaes-
; tic anJTTinls ? show mere fear.
In the picture cf Adolph Schreyer, reprcdTiced in The Call art «xrp-
; pi ement. there is vividly depicted a stampede cf terror-stricken horses
from a Burning stable. In their blind gallop into the darkness they have
crashed into a barrier and are plunging and straggling in confusion,
t seme entangled in the splintered wood, while others crowd upon them. It
j i« a scene which gave the artist abtmdant oppcrtnnity for dramatic effect
and vigorous action. He hn^ also displayed his ability as a colorist. In
its variety and richness of color the greatest merit lies, and its color
makes this picture cne of the artist'* masterpieces.
Bomantic tendencies are strong in all cf Schreyer's painting, and
sentiment, color and effect were more important to him than accurate
draftsmanship. He possessed the power to express strongly what he felt
more than the ability to depict truthfully what" he saw.
?Tleeing From the Flamss*" is owned by the Chicago Art Institute,
and 13 included in the splendid collection bequeathed to the museum by
! the late Albert A- Monger in 1SSS.
xteprodection cf one other picture by the same artist, "The Arab
Scott,** has been issued by The Sunday Call, and biographical notes
f5LL NEWSDEALERS AND TR0IN NEWS AGENTS SELL
THE SUNDAY CALL.= =Revenue Cutter Returns.
¦ Henry Page, captain of the waiters at
the Palace Hotel; < who shot himself in
the left breast with suicidal Intent on
Sunday night at his home, 19 Ewlng place,
died at the Emergency Hospital i yester
day afternoon. At the request of his
relatives the Coroner permitted the body
to be removed to an undertaking esttab
lishment.
Page Dies of His Wound.
Judge W; P. Lawlor returned from his
six weeks' on Saturday night
and took his seat on the bench yesterday
morning. 'All the cases on .the calendar
were 'continued. The Judge . spent : two
or "three weeks enjoying the ' wonderful
scenery In Yellowstone Park and went
frorri there to New York.
Judge Lawlor Eeturns.
Went Home to Die.
¦ Policeman John Buane returned yes
tf-rday from a six months* leave of ab
fcence, which he spent in a trip to Ire
land. He brought the news of the death
of his brother Maurice at Gibbons Grove,
County Cork, Ireland, on September 24.'
Maurice joined the police force here on
May 4. 1S94, but had , to resign owing to
iJI health on April 3. 1S39. He went home
to die, as he was. suffering from an-in
curable disease. He was F 2S years of age.
Campbell was a stevedore and was in
jured on board one of the company's ship 3
lying In the harbor of Honolulu. The
Honolulu .court dismissed the libel on tne
ground that It was not within the juris
diction of an admiralty court.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday handed down a decision
affirming the judgment of the United
States District Court of Hawaii dismiss,
ing the libel of Edward Campbell against
H. Hackfeld & Co., LJmlted, for damages
for personal Injuries.
Hawaiian Judgment Affirmed.
J. A. Spinetti applied yesterday for ap
pointment as special administrator of
the estate of Maria Rovanni. who died
Sunday, leaving an estate worth $15,000.
She left it all to relatives.
Leaves Estate to Relatives.
H. J. Kaiser, who was arrested some
weeks ago for selling pools at the base
ball grounds, and was convicted by Police
Judge Fritz, was sentenced yesterday to
pay a fine of $20. Kaiser's attorney, after
the convfetion, intimated that he would
appeal with the object of testing the con
stitutionality of the ordinance, but later
changed his mind.
Fined for Poolselling.
Clearance sales are not new, but a
novelty in this line is the one now being
held by the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co. The amalgamation of the sev
erer gas companies has left on hand a
number of new gas ranges slightly
shopworn, which are being sold at a
substantial ',• reduction. This- is a good
time to buy a new range cheap at their
office, 415 Post street. :->v " •
If you ask your dealer for some well
known advertised remedy, because you
liave confidence in its cures, do not allow
yourself to hr. switched off to a medicine
claimed to be "just as Rood," but which
you do not ask for and of which you
know noihins.
The Halloween party to be given by
Forget Me Not Lodge of the Degree of
Honor, A. O. U. W., announced for the
last day cf October, has unavoidably been
postponed until Saturday, November 7.
Halloween Party Postponed.
To-morrow evening Progress Lodge of
the Fraternal Brotherhood will have a
whist party for its members in Red
Men's Hall. After the game there will
be dancing for two hours.
Cards and Dance.
Frank L. Wise was convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of attempt to commit burglary. He
will be sentenced on Saturday. Wise
was a bellboy and was discovered in the
room of Mrs. Evelyn Vandusen at the
Holy wood Hotel, 820 Bush street, on July
18. When discovered he threw away a
skeleton key.
Would-Be Burglar Convicted.
The eighteenth entertainment of the
Native Sons' literary and social commit
tee will be given in Native Sons' Hall to
morrow evening, when those who will en
tertain will present vocal selections by
Miss E. Wilson, dialect stories by R. C.
A yers. illustrated songs by Fred Gamble;
duo, French horn and flute, Messrs. Max
well and Parry, and a sketch, "The Sweet
Girl Graduate," Mrs. ,M. P. Donly and
members of a local college of voice and
acting. After the programme there will
be dancing for two hours.
Native Sons' Social.
On motion of United States District At
torney Woodworth yesterday the taking
of further evidence in the matter of the
extradition of James W. Erwin. former
postal employe, was postponed by United
States. Court Commissioner Heacock un
til October 30.
Erwin Case Postponed.
The United States Civil Service Commis-
Ficn announces that in order to give those
who were unable to enter the October
18-19 examination an' opportunity to be
examined another examination will be
held on November 18-19 for teacher (male)
ia the Philippine service. Applicants for
this examination who are over 40 years of
age will be admitted to the examination,
but preference in certification will bo
given to those under 40 years of ago.
Entrance salaries . from $900 to $1200 per
annum. Those appointed will be eligible
for promotion to the higher grades in the
service, ranging from ?;XX) to ?2000 for
teachers end from $1500 to $2500 for divis
ion superintendents. Apply to tne United
States Clv'il Service Commission, Waeli
ingtcn. D. C, or to Ihe BoarJ of Civil
Service Examiners. 3d Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application forms S and £75,
which should be properly executed and
flUd with the commission at Washington.
Philippine Teachers Wanted.
The feature, of the entertainment to be
given In Lyric Hall on Eddy street next
Thursday night by Young Ladies' Insti
tute Xo. 7 will be a farce entitled "The
Spinstons' Convention," in which the fol
lowing named will take part: Cecilia
Young, Amy Mullery, Nellie Angrlln. Lil
lian Byrnes. Ella Canning. Mamie Deasy,
Kathryn Burke, Mamie Fitzgerald, Rose
Hyan. Josephine Shea, Margaret Ryan
and Elizabeth Smith. Daniel Casey will
take part as the professor. In addition to
the farce there .will be specialties, vocal
numbers and a monologue, the contribu
tors being Edith Norton, James C.
O'Donnell, Roy Barrett Kay. William
Ogrflvie, J. F. O'Brien, Miss Ethel Grazer
and Arnold Grazer. Dancing will be In
order after the programme.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Lizzie Taylor, sister of the late John
D. Taylor, and contestant of the deced
ent's will, filed a petition yesterday to
have Miss Bee Taylor, executrix of her
brother's will, placed under bonds. She
says that Miss Taylor practiced fraud
upon the court and secured a partial dis
tribution of Taylor'* estate. She saya
the executrix now has $10,000 belonging
to the estate in her possession and she
fears that she will place herself be
yond the Jurisdiction of the court.
Wants Executrix Under Bonds.
C. D. O'Farrell was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny in $2000 bonds. He is accused of
having stolen $50 on October 21 from Swan
Erickson, a roomer at the Adams House,
617 Clay street.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Vignoll Fillppo, a boiler-maker , from
New Mexico, secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Conlan, yesterday for the ar
rest of Mabel Layton on a charge of
grand larceny. He alleges that she stele
$1000 in currency from his pocket in *he
Columbia Dance Hall, 630 Pacific street,
last Thursday night. She was arrested
by Policeman Joy and booked at the City
Prison.- I^ast Thursday night Fllippo
complained to the police that he had been
robbed, but as he had been dancing: with
five /different women he said he did not
know which one took his money.
Robbed in a Dance Sail.
United States Local Steamboat Jnspec
tors Bolles and Bulger held an investi
gation yesterday Jnto the cause of the
grounding of the steamship laqua on
Point Gorda on the night of October 19.
Captain S. Bonifield, the master of the
vessel, testified that he left San Fran
cisco on the way to Eureka on the after
noon of October 18. The steamship ran
into a fog bank near the Presidio and
dropped anchor until daylight. At 11:40
p. m. of the 19th, when off Point Gorda.
he heard the echo of the whistle ' and
Immediately backed at full speed and
struck the extreme end of Point Gorda,
carrying away the rudder.
The steamship leaked badly and the
captain lay by to make a Jury rudder.
He started to return to this port at 10
o'clock on the morning of the 20th and
arrived on the 21st.
The inspectors took the case under ad
visement.
While Steaming in Thick Fog Close
to Shore She Strikes Point
Gorda.
GHOUNDING OF IAQUA
IS BEING INVESTIGATED
General Sir William Gascoyne, former
commander of the British troops in Hong
kong, and Lady Gascoyne, who arrived
from the Orient recently, have just re
turned from a visit to the Yosemite Val
ley and are staying at the Palace.
F. C. Lusk and J. B. Robinson,- who are
connected with the Diamond Match Com
pany's big enterprise at Chico, are regis
tered at the Palace.
Charles Kellus of The Hub left last
night for the Cast on a five weeks' busi
ness trip.
Dr. and Mrs. J. L. Benepe of San. Jose
are staying at the Occidental.
Congressman J. N. Gillette is down from
Eureka and registered at the Palace.
James W. Abbott of the United States
Department of Agriculture is at the
Grand.
Dr. D. E. Osborne of St. Helena is at
the Ocidental.
Dr. T. R. Hcintz of Redding is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Temperature — Mean or normal temperature.
56 cftirrees; the warmest month was that of
1894 with an average of 50 decrees; the cold
est month was that of ISO", with an average
of 53 degrees; the highest temperature was
83 degrees, on ttie 16th. 1895; the lowest tem
perature was 33 degrees, on the 27th. lSOrt;
average date on which flrst "killing" frost
occurred in autumn, December 10: averago
date on which l«at ••killing" frost occurred In
spring. January 25.
Precipitation (rain and melted snow) — Aver
age for the month, 2.70 Inches; average number
of days with .01 of an inch or more. 7; tha
greatest monthly precipitation was 11.78 inches.
In 1885; the least monthly precipitation waa
0.00 inches, in 1890: the greatest amount of
precipitation recorded In any 24 consecutive
hours was 3.98 Inches on the 23d, 1874.
Clouds and weather — Average number of
clear days. 14; partly cloudy days, 10; cloudy
days. 7.-
Wind— The prevailing winds have been from
the west; the hiirhect velocity of the wind was
56 miles from the southeast on the 30th, 1892;
. Killing frost beforo December 31 has occur
red but six times since 1871; killing frost haa
occurred In but nine years since observation*
began. ALEXANDER O. McADIG,
Professor Weather Bureau.
The following data for the month of
November covering a period of thirty
two years hav© been compiled from th©
Weather Bureftu records at San Fran
cisco:
United States Weather Bureau.
To-morrow evening Hesperian Circle ot
the United Ancient Order of Druids will
give a snowball party in the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building. Th© committeo
having charge of this affair has prepared
a good programme of dances and snow
bails by the hundreds. *
Snowball Party.
To-day the California Club will meet
in its pleasant clubrooms, where the best
tea in town— in clubdom— is brewed. Mrs.
Carrington Lewis will »have charge of a
fine music programme. . „
The Women's Press Association, held a
pleasant meeting yesterday afternoon at
Century Hall, when Miss Peixotto told an
interesting tale of her travels in Russia
and dwelt especially upon the social, po
litical | and domestic life of the Russian
women of the middle and upper classes.
They appear to be rather clever manipu
lators of politics, these Russian ladles,
and listen to this, American sisters— they
vote upon many matters of governmental
importance.
Ike Baker. 157 Seventh street, com
plained to a policeman early yesterday
morning that while he was asleep in a
room at 62 Ellis street a $20 gold piece had
been stolen from his trousers pockets. A
woman giving the name of Georgle But
ler was arrested, as Baker said she was in
the room when he fell asleep, and was
booked at the City Prison on charges of
petty larceny and vagrancy.
young business man, having for many
years managed the Sperry, Flour Com
pany's large milling Interests. The wed
ding will take place in November.
Robbed While Asleep.
Eugene Cramer, former deputy consta
ble of Sausalito, whose wife disappeared
several days ago, supposedly with Robert
Israel, a blacksmith and a comparative
stranger In that town, has finally suc
ceeded in tracing the missing woman.
Since his wife left her home Cramer has
been on a quiet hunt for her and yester
day his efforts were rewarded by the dis
covery that Israel and a woman answer
ing the description of Mrs. Cramer were
passengers on the steamer Santa Rosa,
which left here for San Diego on Sunday.
They were registered as man and wife
and it is believed that they are now in
San Diego, where Israel's relatives reside.
Having satisfied himself that he was on
the right track. Cramer announced his in
tention of having the couple arrested in
the south. He says his wife has been
acting strangely of late and he is certain
that she is insane. She left two boys,
aged 7 and 9 years, behind her.
Sausalito . Woman a Passenger on
San Diego Steamer Which
Sailed Sunday.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137, Natlv© Sons
of the Golden West, has arranged for a
night trolley ride to San Mateo on Octo
ber 31. The visitors will be received by
the natives of that place and after the re
ception will b« escorted to the hall of the
San Mateo Athletic Club, where the mem
bers of the parlor, the ladles who will
accompany them and people of San Mateo
will dance until midnight. This is a nov
elty in the line of entertainment by the
Native Sons and It is expected that all th_>
members of the parlor and many of their
friends will take part.
By Trolley to San Mateo.
Surveyor Spear and Deputy Surveyor
Chauncey M. St. John said that the new
Bystem was a much needed Innovation
and that It would materially expedite the
work of handling passengers" baggage.
For this purpose Ellis A. Holmes was
appointed" yesterday acting Deputy Col
lector in charge and William H. Sprague.
James F. Hall.. Victor J. Lundquist and
Charles A. Stephens were appointed act
ing Deputy Collectors.
In order that the system of examining
passenger baggage for dutiable purposes
may be uniform with that of the port of
New York, the Treasury Department
has Instructed acting Collector William
B. Hamilton that hereafter passenger
declarations must be made under the su
pervision of the Collector. This will be
done by acting Deputy Collectors, who
shall meet incoming steamers and take
the declarations. When the vessel ar
rives at the dock the declarations will
be turned over to the Surveyor for ex
amination by the inspectors under his su
pervision.
Acting Deputy Collectors Will Here
after Receive Declarations on Bag
gage of Arriving Passengers. -
INNOVATION IN CUSTOMS
SERVICE AT THIS PORT
CRAMER IS ON TRACK
OF HIS MISSING WIFE
Owing to the escape of Andrew Metzin
ger, a "trusty" in the City Prison, last
Thursday "morning, Chief Wittman has
had an electric attachment connected
with the iron gratings on each window,
so that when the grating is opened a
bell at the booking desk \ will be rung.
The Chief is satisfied from his investiga
tion that none of the prison officials was
to blame for Metzlnger's escape and no
action will be taken. Metzinger is still
at liberty.
Will Guard Against Escapes.
The names of two men are mentioned
for the position, which carries with it a
salary of about $4500 a year. They are
those of Master Car Repairer Turner of
Sacramento and Master Car Repairer En
glebrlght of Oakland.
Another appointment that is causing
the Southern Pacific Company some con
cern is that of division freight agent of
Los Angeles, held by G. B. Ocheltree.
who. as published yesterday, has re
signed. The officials of the company have
been trying to Induce Ocheltree to recon
sider his resignation, but the offer of a
better salary firom a private corporation
in this city ha« strengthened him in his
determination to leave the company, his
resignation also taking effect on Decem
ber 1.
E. H. Gilbert, for many years master
car builder of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Oakland, has forwarded his res
ignation to General Manager Krutt
schnltt. to take effect on December 1, at
which time he contemplates leaving for
the East, where it is reported that he
will enter the employ of a big railroad
supply company. It was stated at the
local offices of th© company yesterday
that Gilbert's resignation had already
been accepted and the company is now
trying to decide (who will be his suc
cessor.
E. H. Gilbert's Resignation Has
Been Forwarded to the Manager
of Southern Pacific.
MASTER CAKBUILJyER
' IS ABOUT TO RETIRE
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the petition, for a writ
of habeas corpus on behalf of John Davis,
William Sheen and John Riley,' sailors
alleged to be illegally deprived of their
liberty by order of United States Immi
grant .Commissioner Hart H. North. It
was shown that the sailors had deserted
from the ship Cloch. had committed petty
larceny and had served a sentenco of
fifteen days' Imprisonment in the County
Jail for that crime. This made them a
public charge within th© meaning of the
immigration laws and the men were held
for deportation.
Sailors Must Bo Deported.
His sudden departure from the . city
about ten days ago gave rise to many ru
mors, but none of them in any way con
nected him with a matrimonial affair. It
has now developed that he obtained a
leave of absence, and going direct to San
Jose, married Miss Armstrong and imme
diately after the ceremony the young
couple proceeded south on a week's trip.
Jacobsen has been connected with the
ticket office of the steamship company for
a number of years and is widely known
pml a popular fellow In the local trans
portation world.
The prolonged absence of Henry Jacob
sen, local ticket agent of th© Paciflk
Coast Steamship Company, was explained
yesterday when it became known that h©
13 now in the south enjoying his honey
moon.
Popular Young Ticket Agent Quietly
Journeys to Bride's Homo
and Is Harried.
HENBY JACOBSEN WEDS
SAN JOSE YOUNG WOMAN
Morrow confesses that he never thought
of comparing his returns from Alcatraz
with those from Washington, and that
felons might have forged their way to
freedom for an indefinite period without
his knowledge. He says he inought his
clerk kept such matters in his head.
It is rumored at Washington, D. C.
that an investigation of the escapes of
the Alcatraz felons will be conducted by
officers not connected with this depart
ment. It is rumored also that some local
army officers may lose their commissions
as a resuUt of the affair.
"I cannot give you those names," said
Colonel Andrews yesterday. "I am not
at liberty to give you that list of men,"
said Major Morrow.
To what extent fraudulent documents
hav© been .passing through the offices of
Andrews and Morrow Is only a matter of
conjecture. Officers not involved in the
scandal hint that the prospective investi
gation will show that the practice of re
leasing convicts on fictitious documents
has. been going on for some time. It Is
not thought that the heads of any local
army offices have been guilty of criminal
action, however.
The methods of conducting Government
business in local army offices has resulted,
it is believed, not only in the release of
convicts Stokes, Moore, White. Darling
and Williams from Alcatraz prison but
many more desperate criminals. The of
ficers at army headquarters in the Phelan
building refuse to furnish any information
relative to the jail delivery.
It is a fact, however, that counterfeits
of Government documents have passed
through the offices of Colonel Andrews,
assistant adjutant general, and of Major
Morrow, judge advocate. These officers
decline to state th© names of th© convicts
that have been released from Alcatraz
within tha last ten months. A compari
son of these names with those ordered re
leased as shown by the Government
records at Washington would establish
the number of, prisoners that escaped by
means of forgery, but the names are be
ing withheld by the local officers.
Judge Graham also granted a divorce
to Heien B. Lewellen from Sidney Lewel
]en for desertion, and Agnes Bokaritz
from Peter Bnkaritz for cruelty. Judge
Troutt granted Lois Matthews a divorce
from W. A. Matthews on the ground of
cruelty. Matthews is a clerk in "the
freight department of the Santa Fe Rail
road. He was extremely jealous of his
wife, the testimony shows, and one night
after a wordy war at their home over her
conduct at a dance, he put her out into
the street. She was compelled to* remain
rut several hours, though clad only in her
n!pht dress.
Divorces were also granted to Delia
Wise frcm David Wise for desertion and
Maud Isabel Bradford from Frank Brad
ford for desertion.
Nicola Leone, who on June IS last was
•married to Alfonslna I^eona, wants the
marriage annulled. He says that after
the defendant became his wife he discov
ered that she was mentally incompetent.
Suits for divorce were filed by Mary E.
Robinson againct W. Robinson for cru
elty, O. M. Allen against L. B. Allen for
neglect. Albert W. B^nseman against Ju
lia Benseman fcr cruelty. Edward J.
Preston against Mary L. Preston for de
sertion and Joseph C. Lcw!s against Mary
E. Lewis for desertion.
HTJSBANDS LEFT THEME.
Agnes Moran, who was but 16 years of
.sg-e when she married James Moran, a.
railroad man, at Ogden two years ago,
was granted a divorce from him by Judge
Graham on the ground of cruelty. She
.-was also awarded the custody of their
'child.
Howard saj-s he was as nice as could
be to the old lady, allowing her to eat
at his table several times a day. notwith
standing that her presence galled him.
Finally, he ?ays, when he could no longer
brook her interference in his family af
fairs, be. as gently as possible and with
due regard for the old lady's age and
sensitiveness, picked her up bodily and
carried out of the house.
Whether she returned is not stated by
Howard. Continuing, he alleges that his
married life has been made most miser
able by the conduct of his wife. He says
she persisted in associating with women
of loose character, even after he had
deeded to hrr their household effects, she
agreeing at the time the d^ed was made
to forsake the ways of her companions
and become once more a loving wife.
Howard says she has not kept her prom
ise and he wants, therefore, to be di
•vorced from her and the deed to the per
sonal property annulled.
• Otelia Ped<=rsen. who wes recently de
clared by Judge Murasky to be the lawful
wife of Captain John Pedrrsen, Is seeking
a divorce from him on the ground of infi
delity. Sh<* names as co-respondent Ma
mie Fissftte. the Pedersens' stenographer,
whom the mariner married while Mrs.
Tedersen was on a visit to Norway.
G. Henry Osborne, who a few days ago
sued Mar>' A. Osborne for divorce on the
ground of Infidelity, is a minister of the
gospel. A short time ago he and his wife
arrived at San Mateo from Portland. They
¦went to reside at the home of W. J. Mc-
Cuen, a vitopathist. A f«»w weeks sfter
Xh* arrival Qsborne and McCuen eventual
ly went to Stockton to practice vitopathv.
When Osborne returned to San Mateo, he
alleges, he discovered that his wife had,
in hip abs^noe. been receiving the atten
tions of Gilbert Chance, an employe cf
the Western Meat Compary. All the par
ties are well known in San Mateo and
South San Francisco.
Howard speaks very unkindly of Mrs.
Howard's mother in his cross-complaint.
He says that despite his objections Mrs.
Howard insisted upon having her mother
•round. He says that when he, for the
sake of peace, ordered h«r to leave their
house at 42 Stelner street she took a
room next door and then visited her
daughter from 7 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WAS NICE TO HEU.
Too much mother-in-law is alleged to
be the cause of the matrimonial difficul
ties of Grace L. and W. D. M. Howard.
This Is the condition set forth in th© di
vorce' proceedings instituted by Mrs.
Howard some months ago and also in
the answer and cross-complaint filed by
Howard yesterday. The mother-in-law
figures in both Instances, Mrs. Howard
claiming that her husband, by treating
her mother in a brutal manner, caused
her great suffering. Howard, on th© oth
er hand, claim e that he was compelled
to do as he did because of his mother-in
law's habit oiT forcing her presence
where she was n ot wanted.
There are othex charges made by Mrs.
Howard that arc denied by Howard, and
in his cross-complaint he makes a few al
legations tending to show that he is a.
much-abused individual. Howard, who Is
& mining engineer, denies that he was
ever cruel to his wife, or was ever guilty
of conduct unbecoming a gentleman. He
cays he never abused Mrs. Howard or
her mother in public or in private or ever
caused cither of thttm a minute's suffer
ing; In fact, he denies that he is other
than a loving, dutiful husband.
He alleges that Mrs. Howard has been
the cause of their unhappiness. He
charges her with being intemperate; that
ehe once assaulted him with a rifle and
that on another occasion she struck him
¦with an umbrella. She also struck him
with a hand mirror, he says, and often
kicked and scratched him.
The cloak manufacturers and ladiea'
tailors of San Francisco have taken* the
initial step toward making a great combi
nation that may eventually take in all
the cloak manufacturers and ladies'
tailors on the Pacific Coast. Much secrecy
has attended the proceedings. The work
of bringing the movement to the point it
has reached has been done by A. L>
Friedman. He refuses to give any infor
mation and the facts of the proposed com
bine were gathered among the cloak man
ufacturers and others.
The name of the combine will ba th©
Cloak Manufacturers' and Ladles' Tallcrs'
Protective Association of California. It
was thought best to first confine- th* or
ganization to thia State and to widen its
scope later. All the cloak manufacturers
and many ladles' tailors of this city are
reported as members and the next step
will be to get th© two lines of business in
Los Angeles. Sacramento and other cities
enlisted. The association wlli b« incor
porated. Among the larger cloak manu
facturers who have Joined th© combin©
are Slminoff, M. Welnstein & Co., H. Rat
ner Cloak Manufacturing Company. D.
M. Davidson & Co. and th© Kragen-Bam
berger Company.
A part of the board cf directors has
been selected. Those already named ar»
M. Weinsteln, G. Loewenthal, A. Goodman,.
S. Kramer, A. Cailleau and E. Messager.
The purposes of the combine, as they are
semi-offlcially described by on© of th«
members, are "to provide uniform busi
ness methods if possible; to counteract
Impositions upon the trad© and to make
a mutual protective association to th«
fullest extent." The officers have not
been selected. They will be named as
soon as the board of -directors Is complet
ed. A. L. Friedman is acting as th© sec
retary.
The San Francisco Protective Company
and the American District Telegraph
Company were granted permits to connect
their wires with those of the flre alarm
and police telegraph central station.
The Board of Works was directed to
make a new warrant, assessment and dia
gram for a sewer in Rlchland avenue by
changing the assessment of $1 20 per lineal
foot to $1 23. it appearing that a clerical
error was made in the proceedings from
which an appeal was made by the con
tractor.
The resolution ordering the change of
grades on Seventh and other streets ad
jacent to the right of way for the bay
shore road of the Southern Pacific Com
pany was adopted.
Demands on the urgent necessity fund
amounting to $S85 S5 were ordered paid.
The ordinance repealing another ordi
nance fixing the municipal tax rate at
84.4 cents and thus allowing the former
rate of $1,076 to stand was finally passed.
The ¦ proposed ordinance repealing the
order regulating the operation of cigar
factories was re-referred to the Judiciary
Committee for further investigation.
The ordinance exempting members of
the Fire Department from the payment
of. fees for installation of tapper, fire
alarm gongs was passed to print.
The Union Oil Company was granted
permission for sixty days to maintain a
spur track already constructed on Illinois
street, from Sixteenth to Seventeenth.
The Board of Supervisors finally passed
yesterday a number of ordinances de
signed to put Into effect the provisions of
the new sanitary code recently adopted
by the Health Board. The ordinances
provide regulations for the maintenance
of public laundries, for the plumbing and
drainage of buildings, for the use of re
ceptacles for beverages, for the main
tenance of stables, for the labeling of
packages containing substances for hu
man consumption and for prohibiting the
pollution of water wells.
Two ordinances regulating the establish
ment, maintenance and inspection of
homes for children, maternity hospitals
and lying-in asylums were passed tn
print. The ordinances place the super
vision of such institutions in the hands of
the Board of Health.
A number of ordinances were finally
passed repealing all orders which were
supplemented by new laws to comply
with the charter. "Wilson objected to the
repeal of any old ordinance unless a new
one was enacted as a substitute. Bran
denstein explained that the Judiciary
Committee had recommended th© repeal
of certain orders that were clearly un
constitutional and that others were re
vised in accordance with the charter pro
visions.
About 4 o'clock Bruder reached the sa
loon at 1126 Dupont street. Demeny and
his. sister, Maggie Demeny, who was di
vorced from Peterson about three weeks
ago, were in the saloon and Demeny asked
him to treat. He put 25 cents on the bar
and they had a drink. Demeny asked him
whether he and his sister or Peterson had
treated him best, and he replied that they
had all been good to him. Demeny called
him an offensive name and- struck him.
Demeny's sister tried to pacify him, but
he made for Bruder again, and Bruder
pulled the revolver out of his pocket and
fired two shots. He claimed that he had
no intention of shooting Demeny.
It was known that there had been bad
feeling between Peterson and Demeny for
some time prior to Peterson's divorce
from his wife, and this fact, together with
the fact that the shooting was done with
Peterson's revolver, gave rise to the sus
pision that Pe'terson might have instigat
ed the shooting, which led to his detention
In the prison.
Bruder was arrested by Policeman Sil
ver and Corporal Fraher. John Peterson,
proprietor of a restaurant at Pine street
and Belden place, was subsequently ar
rested by the same officers.' After Detec
tive T. B. Gibson and Corporal Fraher
had made an investigation and report to
Captain Martin Peterson was released
from custody. ;
According to Bruder's admission h© was
drinking heavily on Sunday night, and
after quitting work at Peterson's restau
rant, where he was employed, he visited
different saloons on Dupont street. About
2 o'clock yesterday morning he returned
to the restaurant and going behind the
counter took ¦ Peterson's revolver, which
he put in his pocket.
As a result of a drunken row in Pun*
nella & Tardita's saloon, at 1126 Dupont
street, about 4 o'efflck yesterday morning,
George Demeny, a laborer living at 635
Vallejo street, is at the Central Emer
gency Hospital with t a bullet in his abdo
men and J. H. Bruder, a waiter. Is in the
City Prison on a charge of assault to
murder.
E. P. E. Troy filed a protest with the
Supervisors against granting the Geary
street Railway Company a temporary
franchise. It was referred to the Public
Utilities Committee.
The petition of the merchants in the
vicinity of Market. Fourth, Ellis and
Stockton streets that they be permitted
to erect, at their own expense, for presen
tation to the city a concrete transfer
safety station at the Intersection of the
streets named was referred to the Street
Committee.
F. S. Shadburne, president of the St.
Mary's Square Association, argued that the
city should pay the judgments as a mat
ter of honor and equity. Chairman Bran
denstein contended that the fact that the
proposition to issue bonds for the square
had been defeated at the recent election
had demonstrated that the people did not
favor the improvement. F. J. Castlehun,
representing Colmann, said that It wquld
be unfair to abandon the proceedings, as
his client had been put to a great ex
pense, since he could not sell his property
while the condemnation proceedings were
pending.
Shadburne said there was $57,000 in the
St. Mary's Square fund which was sacred
and could not be used for any other pur
pose.
"If yon pay these Judgments," said
Shadburne, "we will promise to raise the
remainder of the money to purchase the
rest of the land necessary for the square."
The demands for paying the Judgments
were immediately drawn on the city
treasury.
The petition of the Southern Heights
Improvement Club that a flre engine «and
hose company be established a"t the cor
ner of Connecticut and Twentieth streets
was referred to the Finance Committee.
The Fire Commission asks that the sta
tion be established and that an appropri
ation be made for paying the salaries of
additional firemen required for the new
station, as the present appropriation is
barely adequate for the maintenance of
the department as now constituted.
Chief Engineer Sullivan suggests that
property owners be urged to secure such
changes in the grades of Twentieth street,
from Wisconsin to Vermont, as would en
able an engine to reach the latter point
without making a detour of a mile, and
likewise on Mississippi street, from Twen
tieth to Twenty-Second.
The \ Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the recommendation of the Su
pervisors' Joint Committee on Finance
and Judiciary, favoring the payment
of two judgments obtained in the Superior
Court in the matter of condemnation pro
ceedings for St. Mary's square. The
judgments are in favor of Martin Col
mann for $9504 and Joseph Musto, $11,502, >a
total of $21,006. "
Intend to Secure the Enroll
ment of Trade on
Entire Coast, j.
Morrow and Andrews Refuse
to Exhibit Public
Documents.
Avers His Troubles Are Partly
Due to His Mother
in-Law.
Orders Change of Grade on
Right of Way of Bay
Shore Road.
The Residents of Southern
Heights Want Better
Fire Protection.
Fires Two Shots at George
Demeny and One
Takes Effect.
Mining Engineer Says
He Is a Loving and
Dutiful Spouse.
Army Scandal Increases
While Officers Are
Reticent.
Health Department Code
Made Effective by
Supervisors.
J. H. Bruder Arrested on
"Charge, of Assault
to Murder. .
Supervisors Also Buy
More Land for St.
Mary's Square. '
Will Form Association
Taking in Ladies'
Tailors.
Mrs. N. D. Coombs of 'Marvsville an
nounces the engagement of her daughter
Mabel to Willard F. Sperry of that city.
The bride is the eldest daughter of the
late N. D. Coombs, who was one of the
most enterprising men in the northern
part of the State. Mr. Sperry Is a clever
• • •
The Entre Nous holds Its assembly at
the Palace on Friday night. It promises
to be a fine affair.
• ¦ • •
Dr. and Mrs. Joseph W. Henry have
returned from their wedding trip and are
at the Berkshire.
A reception will follow the function at
church, after which the young people will
start upon a trip to Oregon and "Wash
ington, to be absent about a month.
To-morrow at 3 o'clock in St. Mary's
Cathedral Dr. Francis F. Knorp and Miss
Elsie L. Moraghan will plight their troth.
The Rev. Mr. Coyle will officiate at the
service. The bride will be given Into the
keeping of the groom by her brother,
Charles A. Moraghan, and will be at
tended by her sister, Miss Eugenie. Mor
aghan, as maid of honor. George Knorp,
brother of the groom, will serve him as
best man.
A charming affair was given by the
O. D. Baldwins on Saturday afternoon,
when they entertained about 150 friends
at an informal "at home" in their beau
tiful new dwelling place. The flowers
that graced the drawing-rooms were of
the rich autumnal yellows, reds and
browns, while the hall became a wood
land bower of huckleberry. Somewhere
from its dark recesses sweet music came
and softly tilled the air.
• - .- • •
: Much interest has been manifested in
the announcement of an engagement be
tween the dashing Mrs. Louise Cather
wood Montagne, daughter of Mrs. John
A. Darling, and C. E. Maud, the young
Englishman who plays golf so cleverly.
Mrs. Montagne in 1892 wedded Dr. Ern
est Mo'ntagne and went with him to New
York City. There they maintained a fine
establishment at 114 East Thirtieth street
and entertained considerably, but some
how there came a rift in the lute of do
mestic bliss and a separation followed
last spring. . •
Mrs. Montasne then came on a visit to
her mother at her beautiful country seat
at Rutherford, In Napa County, making
short visits to Monterey during the sum
mer. It was there that the attachment
between the belle of the house of Hast
ings and the handsome golf player sprung
up. Tha date of the nuptials has not
been given out. Perhaps it has not been
settled upon. •»
The young soldier will not take his
bride immediately to the post at Chey
enne, but will tarry a few weeks longer
in California. They will, after a short
trip, return to San Francisco to remain
until the expiration of the officer's leave.
Miss Anna Sperry will assist the bride
as maid of honor, while Dr. Harold
Greenleaf, U. S. A., will officiate for the
groom. Harry C. Rodgers, J. Brockway
Metcalf, Lieutenant Edward Shinkle, U.
S. A., and Lieutenant P. K. B.rice, U. S.
A., have been invited to act as ushers. ;
Miss Nokes will certainly prove a
charming bride in her robe of ivory satin.'
The gown is to be trfmmed with dainty
lace, and she will wear a tulle veil— the
most fascinating accessory of bridal ac
couterments. !
A wedding of much interest to the
smart set and especially to army circles
will occur to-day, when Miss Virginia
Rodgers Nokes will become the bride of
Lieutenant John Burke Murphy. U. S. A.
The ceremony . will take place at 4
o'clock at the residence of the bride's
grandparents, Captain and Mrs. Augustus
E. Rodgers, on Broadway. The prevailing
color scheme for the happy affair is to
be red— red in honor of the groom's arm
of the service.
To-morrow the nuptials of Miss Allcu
Belau, the handsome daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. O. Belau; and Emery "W. Ellis, son of
Charles E. Ellis, the well known mining
secretary, will be celebrated at the home
of the bride's grandfather, John D. Slebe,
2217 Sacramento street. The ceremony will
be -performed by Dr. Bradford Leavltt,
In the presence of the members of both
families. Miss Elsa Hoesch will attend
the fair bride, while Mr. Elliot will be ac
companied by Sherman Barker.
After the ceremony the happy pair will
leave for a short honeymoon.
HOWARD DENIES
WIFE'S CHARGES
FREE CONVICTS
MAY BE MANY
BOARD ADOPTS
SANITARY LAWS
DRUNKEN WAITER
SHOOTS FRIEND
ORDER PAYMENT
OF JUDGMENTS
CLOAK MAKERS
ARE TO COMBINE
WEDDING BELLS
RING OUT FOR
MANY BRIDES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY/, OCTOBER 27. 19fl3.
1 Frank J. Grace, on the Democratic tick
et for Supervisor, is a native of this city.*
. For coughs and colds, children take Piso's
Cure for Consumption without objection. •
The Norwegian bark Daisy was added yes
terday to the overdue list. She Is out 80
days from Bella© for the United Kingdom «_nJ
la uuoted at 10 t>er cent.
Another Overdue Norwegian.
Day and night the bis printing house by th*
ferry labors for jxu. Mysell-Kollla*, 22 Clay. •
The United States revenue cutter Hush Mc-
Culloch returned yesterday from Seattle. She
left h^re«some days ago for the northern port
with th© tug Arcata In tow.
14
MARKS BROS. •
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦aHHIBBBBBBl
Green Trading Stamps
Given WithEvery Purchase |
6 BIG
FOR TO-DAY ONLY.
RQr* for our 90c FLAN "
oac NELETTE WRAPPER.
Made very full; deep flounce.
Fitted vest lining.
Kf)- for our 75c SATEEN
OUG PETTICOAT. Made
with 2 narrow ruffles. * Skirt
very full.
AZ n forour65cFLANNEL
tot, GOWNS. Come in
pretty stripes. Full sizes. ¦
! 1Q n forour25c LADIES'
I Vis VESTS. Fleece lined.
Long sleeves.
7K n for our S1.00EIDER-
/OL DOWN DRESSING
SACQUES. Entire garment;
Bell sleeves, and collar
trimmed, with a hand cro-
cheted design of Worsted.
<} / X Kfor our $2.50
yi'tU PEDESTRIAN
SKIRT. Made of the pop-
ular novelty mixture. Tailor
stitched bottom.
¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦•:¦¦¦¦ -/'
MAIL ORDERS GIVEN
PROMPT ATTENTION
MARKS BROS.
=t10NEST VALUES=
1220-22-24 Market St
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
BSBBBBBBSHRHHaBflBSH]
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
JSJST IN TIME.
A motorman in Chicago ran his car
onto the approach of an open bridge but
itopped it with the fender actually over-
hanging the gulf below. He wouldn't
want to repeat the experiment because
the chances are that he'd never again
have the same good fortune.
while some one
who has travel- -» Sj i {jMWV
cd to the very jKslI JljSB&2f&£
stomach dis- t^METROPOLJ
ease stops just v^M^H&Sr"" 1 " 1 "ISl
in time to save i^ 1 ™\ *
his health. But -^<|g|||g5||pj5
the majority of
people go across
the line, and
slight symptoms of indigestion grow to
disease of the stomach, involving the
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
Indigestion and other forms of stom-
ach "trouble" are perfectly and per-
manently cured by the use of Dr. Pierce'*
Golden Medical Discovery. It strength-
ens the whole body by enabling the per-
fect digestion and assimilation of food.
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by th*
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if they cannot
show the original signature of the indi-
vidual volunteering the testimonial below,
and also of the writers of every testi-
monial among the thousands which they
are constantly publishing, thus proving
their genuineness.
"I hare been suffering Tor abent eirfrt years,"
writes Mrs. H. Pierce, of Millsprings, Ky. « Have
bad several doctors to treat me — some for female
weakness and other* for stomach trouble," but
received no relief. When I wrote yea for ad-vice
I was hardly able to work, aad you advised me
what to do. I took nine bottles," five of ! Golden
Medical Discovery,' four of 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' also two vials of the ' Pellets.' Dr. Pier-^s
medicines will do all that you claim for th?m
Believe I would have been ia my grave if I had
not taken them."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps for
the book in paper covers, or 31, stamps for
the cloth-bouad volume. Address Dr 1LV
P.>rc*». ?'iftalo. X. Y. ~^- H* t "