Continued on Pag© 2, Column 5.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— The North Lon
don authorities have adopted a novel
method for suppressing the overcrowd
ing on .street cars. Finding that the
arrest and fining of conductors was in
sufficient they are now resorting to the
arrest of passengers. Including women
whom the magistrates fine for "aiding
and abetting" conductors In contntvta
ing the anti-crowding law.
Arrest Streetcar Passengers.
"Rear Admiral Coghlan. with four
ironclads on the Atlantic, and Rear
Admiral Glass, with four on the Pa
cific, told me that. the American Gov
ernment would not allow the disem
barkation of /Colombian forces to the
territory of Panama, and as there is
absolutely no overland route to mobil
ize my forces, and as Colombia lacks
a navy, they have completely paralyzed
any action, thus sanctioning most scan
dalously dismemberment of the country
and establishing a precedent that will
insure the same treatment to all other
Latin-American republics In a like
situation.
"As the republic .of Panama has al
ready been recojoilzed by the American
and other governments. I believe the
only practical thing the Latin-Ameri
can countries . can do to safeguard
their interests and maintain their
brotherhood is to order their represen
tatives at Washington to confer with
me and together take friendly action
with the American Government to ar
range this delicate question, which I
consider equally affects all nations of
our race.
"I have telegraphed a similar senti
ment to Mexico, . ; Central . America,
Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, Argen
tina and Brazil. I beg an answer to
Washington addressed to Pedro Nelo
shina. "RAFAEL REYES."
RUMOR OF REVOLUTION.
State Department Learns of Brewing
.' Discontent at Bogota.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The State
Department has received advices from
Minister Beaupre at Bogota, dated No
vember 25, In which he states -that con
siderable excitement prevails at the Co
lombian capital; that there is much
talk of raising an army, but no troops
have yet been enlisted, and there are
rumors in the city of a revolution in
the State of Cauca, directed against
the Marroquin government. Rumors
have reached the State Department
from another source that General
Reyes* mission to Washington- is. pri
marily .to try to array opposition Sena
tors against the ratification of the Bu
nau-Varilla-Hay canal treaty.
Th'ere also is talk of the ; forma
tion of a combination, of South Ameri
can countries ; directed against the
United States. Respecting the coming
of General Reyes to Washington, it is
said at the - State Department that
much depends .upon ' ; the nature of his
credentials as •- to the - reception he ' is
given. It ; seems probable that if he is
brought to the Department by the . Co
lombian'Charge, DivHerran. he .will; be
accorded ? a respectful hearing. But; It
is also • pointed > out . that , his activities
must be confined to lawful 'channels as
an alien, and /any/attempt, on his part
Smith was detailed in the wealthy
Lakeside district, in the neighborhood
of where the two big robberies : occur
red lers than two weeks ago. , It was
In thli . section that further attempts
¦were expected, and the policemen In
this neighborhood had been especially
learned to be on their guard.
• OFFICE* FOLLOWS SUSPECTS.
The yousg officer was at the corner
of Fourteesth and Madison streets. at
7 o'clock thts evening when he- noticed
OAKLAND, Nov. 27.— A fusillade of
bullets at 7 o'cloci to-night startled
the aristocratic Lakeside district, and
when the battle in the dark was over
Policeman J. H. Smith lay dying on
the steps of a nearby house, one burg
lar was dead two blocks from where
the efcootlng occurred, and the second
burglar had escaped.
Two hours later Policeman Smith
died from his wounds and to-night the
entire police force of Oakland is out
searching for the man who got away.
Such was the record of one night's
bloody work in the effort to capture
the burglar* that had been working
Oakland successfully for thirty days.
Ever eince the robbery of the Crel
lin and Bannan residences in one night,
•which resulted in the^theft of $6003
worth cf gerna, half of the police force
of Oakland has been doing epecial duty
ln citizen's clothes. It has been the
duty of these men to stop and ques
tion every fuspicious character met.
end it was in the performance of this
duty that Policeman Smith came to his
death.
It remained for two lads in the neigh
borhood- to flnd # the body of the dead
burglar. . Fred and Charles Kutz, at
tracted by the shooting and the excite
ment, mixed with the crowd and they
found the body* of the dead man on the
lawn beside the residence of H. J.
Knowies, corner of Fourteenth and Oak
streets, two blocks from where the
Ehootlng - occurred.
The man had run two block's and then
dropped beside the Kno wles residence,
but. his partner had continued on his
way and made his escape. When found,
the body lay partly on one side. When
Captain Petersen was notified a hurried
search of - the < pockets revealed many
loose cartridges of two sizes, a dirk
knife in -a sheath attached to his belt,
but no;re\-olver. : A careful search; of
the*, neighborhood resulted in the , dis
covery by Policeman Andrews of the
revolver where the fleeing burglar had
thrown* it when, trying to make his
escape.;. :'. ....'.._ '. . . . ¦ . '¦¦ . I .
¦"-A- minute ; search was '.made of the
It required but a moment for the
night captain to hurry to the scene
with the patrol wagon and two aids.
He found Policeman Smith partly con
scious and suffering intensely. The
wounded man was placed In the patrol
wagon under Captain Petersen's direc
tion and taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, from which place the captain or
dered every available man In the de
partment out in citizens' clothes to pa
trol the district in which the shooting
occurred in the hopes of capturing the
men. As soon as the wounded man had
been cared for Captain Petersen joined
Chief .of Police Hodgkins and the two
took charge of the' squad that was
searching the district for the escapes.
The entire neighborhood was aroused
by the shots, and people began running
from all directions, but instead of try
ing to stop those running away from
the scene, efforts were directed toward
finding: out what had occurred. Mem
bers of Mr. Palmer's family rushed to
the door and femnd the dying police
man or- the steps. At that moment
Reeves Baker rushed from the Hamil
ton residence opposite Fourteenth
street, and telephoned word of the
shooting to Police Captain Petersen, In
charge at the City Hall.
POLICE RUSH TO SCENE.
Bank, in front of which the shooting
occurred.
Smith dragged himself up^the, steps
of the residence of Charles T. Palmer,
the cashier of -the -Union. National
Nine shots were probably exchanged,
for the burglar is believed • to . have
emptied his revolver. . and _ Smith * is
thought to have fired four shots of the
five In his weapon. Smith then "broke"
his revolver in an attempt to. reload it.
but was overcome by the wound, anfl
dropped. One loaded shell, found be
side four empty ones where; Smith was
standing, is believed to tell the story!
of how he tried to reload ' his weapon
before the last chamber was "emptied. /
The two burglars ran down Four
teenth street toward Lake Merrltt, and
one of them was heard by Smith to say
"Walt for me. Kid."
TBIES TO ARREST TWO.
s; "I ffuess that you had better come
with me up to- the City Hall, on sus
picion."
No sooner were the words out of his
mouth than one of the men drew a re
volver and opened fire.
Smith, though he must have been hit
early in the firing, drew his revolver
and fired back. '
There was no hesitation about the
movements of the young policeman. He
saw several suspicious circumstances,
and with the courage that had marked
his career in the department he deter
mined to satisfy those suspicions or
land the men. The fact that there were
two men and that he was alone did not
deter him. and he dashed down Four
teenth street Just in time to meet them
at the corner of Jackson as they had
doubled back upon their trail.
Without a moment's hesitation Smith
stopped the men and began to question
them as to who they were and where
they came from. Their answers were
vague and unsatisfactory, and when
they did not explain to his satisfaction
Smith said:
These .facts aroused his suspicions,
and he watched them as they walked
down Madison street toward Thir
teenth! Th^y turned alonpr Thirteenth
street , towarii Jackson, and then up
Jackson again toward Fourteenth
This caused more, suspicion in
the mind of young Smith, and he
turned down Fourteenth street to meet
them as they came u£>Jackson.
two men walking on' the sidewalk
trundling" bicycles that had no lights,
and Smith noticed that the men wore
rubber-soled shoes. ' Y' ->'>
BRAVE OAKLAND POLICEMAN WHO WAS FATALLY SHOT IN A
FIGHT WITH TWO PORCH CLIMBERS, BURGLAR THAT WAS
KILLED. AND SCENE OF THE BATTLE.
YOUXG Policeman J.
H. Smith, one of the
bravest patrolmen of
the Oakland force, was
killed at 7 o'clock last night
by a suspected burglar
whom he was trying to ar
rest. The gallant patrolman
had corraled two suspects in
the Lakeside residence dis
trict, and when they failed
to give a satisfactory ac- .
count of their movements
he sought to place them un
der arresL They resisted
and it is believed that the
one who escaped shot
Smith. A fusillade of nine
shots ensued, ainl one of the
suspects was killed. Two
hours later the -policeman
died of hemorrhages from
the wounds he received
while making his last gal
lant fight.
VIENNA. Nov. 27.— The Wiener A1I
gemeine Zeitung prints the following
dispatch from Berlin ia reference to
Emperor William, which attracts gen
eral attention, especially as the Zeitung
often receives semi-official information:
"Though there can be no doubt that
the- operation recently undergone by
the Emperor concerned a benignant
formation, it must be recognized that
the process of healing has not taken tha
favorable course originally hoped for.
It Is by no means certain that in the
near future the Emperor will under
take a Journey south, since it is doubt
ful whether hfs physicians will assume
the responsibility of exposing the mon
arch in his present condition to the fa
tigue of a long journey.
."In the whole course of the process
of healing hitherto it seems as though
there had arisen unexpected complica
tions which .very rarely follow the sim
ple operation for singers' polypus. In
court, circles there is a certain uneasi
ness, which, during the last few days,
has found expression in talk of the pos
sibility and" even the probability of a
new operation.
•It is impossible to verify the latter
rumor. -The Emperor, whose mood re
mains good, has been ordered by his
physicians to take the maximum cf
rest, and to spare his vocal organs as
much as possible."
Sg«cUI Dispatch to Tfc» Call.
Boys Confess Their Participation in Eight
Murders and Many. Robberies.
VATICAX COMMISSION «
yrfl.T. CUT EXPENDITURES
nuances Reported to Be Causing;
Trouble in the Palace of the
Pope.
ROME. Nov. 27.— The financial diffi
culties of -the Vatican "axe increasing.
It is ascertained that Pope Leo Xtll
left very little property. The Interest
on the money deposited by Pope Pius X
with the Rothschild Bank of Vienna
amounts to 4.000.00O francs. The annual
contribution of Peter's pence hardly
yields 2.000,000, and the ordinary expen
ditures of the Vatican are about 8,000,-
C0O francs.
The Pope has appointed a commis
sion to examine the reports of the
financiers, with a view of increasing
the revenue and reducing the expendi
tures.
Roeski ran for the brush, but Van
dine retreated slowly, although the air
around him was filled with bullets and
the snow at his feet was kicked up by
them. Catching Bight of Detective
ZImmer, who was behind a jj tree, he
fired. ZImmer went down with a bul
let in the head. As he fell Vandine
fired again and the second bullet went
through' Zimmer's arm.
• Roeski had by this time disappeared,
and Vandine and Neidermeyer, placing
their revolvers In their Dockets, made a
run for. freedom. ThePdetectives fired
constantly, but the bandits escaped.
After running about a mile across the
country they came to the tracks of the
Pennsylvania, road. . A switch engine
with a train of cars was dose. at hand,
and, hurrying to It, the men ordered
Brakeman Sovea to uncouple the train
from the locomotive. He refused and
attempted to take ' Neidenneyer*s re
volver from him.. The latter instantly
sent. a bullet through the brakeman's
brain, laying him dead in the snow.
j Springing past Sovea's body the ban
dits mounted the locomotive with re
volvers in hand and ordered the en
gineer to move out in a hurry, which
he did. going In .. the direction or La
Porte, Ind. After two miles had been
covered the men ordered the engineer
to slow up, and, leaping to the ground,
disappeared in the woods.
The news of . the fight at the dugout
had spread "with great rapidity through
the country.; and by the time the two
panting, men' rushed up to the locomo
tive 100. farmers and railroad laborers
were after them. These were left be
hind with the Chicago detectives, al
though one farmer, armed .with: a shot
gun, got in his work as the train start
ed away. Catching | sight of * Vandine,
BATTLE IN THE SNOW.
the policemen advanced in a circle up
on the dugout where the three robbers
were supposed to be concealed. Dris
coll picked up a chunk of wood and
hurled It- at the dugout- Instantly there
was a flash, a report, and Driscoll fell,
shot through the abdomen.
The policemen opened fire on the
dugout, from which, shots were now
coming thick and fast. While % the fire
was at its hottest Vandine and Roeski
rushed out. followed a few minutes
later by Neidermeyer. The latter ran
to the tracks of the Michigan Central
Railroad and, throwing himself flat on
the roadbed, steadied his arm on the
rail as he kept up a rapid fire "with
three revolvers.
'CHICAGO, Nov. 27.— Chained wrist to
wrist, their hair matted with -blood,
their clothing covered' with dust- and
dirt, two beardless boys, Peter Neider
meyer and Harvey Vandine, sat to
night in .the presence of Mayor Harri
son, Chief of Police O'Neil and Assist
ant Chief Schuettler calmly" confessing
their share in a thrW months' record
of crime, which has' included, eight
murders, the .wounding > of five -other
men and a long teries of robberies.
The two young bandits, neither of
whom is over 21 years of age. together
with their : companion, Emil Roeski.
who is no older, were captured near
Liverpool. Ind., to-day after a fight. in
which they battled against policemen,
railroad detectives, railroad laborers
and farmers. One man was killed, an
other fatally wounded and all three of
the young bandits s were wounded, but
not seriously. The dead:
T. J. SOVEA, brakeman on the Penn
sylvania Railroad.
The wounded are: Joseph., Driscoll.
detective on the Chicago police force,
shot through abdomen and can live but
a short time; Matthew ZImmer. . detec
tive on police force, shot in head and
arm.
Neidermeyer was wounded In the
hand by birdshot- Vandine was simi
larly injured, and sustained in addi
tion a flesh wound in the left thigh.
Roeski was shot in the right hip.
MUBDEB AKT> ROBBERY. -
The three men were wanted by - the
police for complicity In the murders at
the car barns of the Chicago City Rail
way Company on August 30, when two
men were killed, a third badly wounded
and $2250 stolen from the company.
Gustav -, Marx, rwho last Saturday
night murdered , Officer John Qulnn.
when the policeman . endeavored to
place him under, arrest, confessed that
he. In company with these three men,
had committed the crimes rat I the \ car
barns. The hunt;for Vandine,'Neider
meyer and , Roeski had been hot ever
since. Although "they knew- that the
entire police force was looking ¦ for
them, these three; men remained , In ¦ the
city until 'Wednesday: morning. On
"Wednesday they left \ Chicago,; going
to fa dugout made by .'railroad, laborers
near . the tracks of the • Michigan^ Cen
tral road near* Millers, Ind.; ' V. .
. Last night they spent in another dug
out' near Millers s.tatlon, r ;; Ind.,^ and.
there; they|; were "surprised- by> eight*
Chicago^ policemen 'this "morning. As
soon as they, were In sight* of the place
CHIEF OF POLICE OF CHICAGO AND HIS ASSISTANT, WHO FIGURE
IN* THE STORY OF THE BATTLE WITH BANDITS. WHO AFTER
CAPTURE CONFESSED EIGHT MURDERS.
Kaiser May Have
a Second s Op
eration, -a
EMPEROR'S
MALADY IS
INCREASING
Reyes* dispatch was addressed to the
United States Minister to Venezuela
and is as follows:
"PORT LDIOX, Xov. 25.-Herb<*sa.
Caracas (private): I arrived from Co-
Ion yesterday with Presidential powers.
I have sufficient forces on the Colom
bian coast — both oceans— to quell the
revolution made in Panama by the mil
itary garrison there.
PORT LIMON, Costa Rica. Nov. 27.—
The secret plans, of General . Reyes, the
Colombian Commissioner to Washing
ton, and his admission that it is im
possible to march an army overland
to the Isthmus of Panama from Colom
bia, were disclosed here to^ay.
From an absolutely reliable source I
was permitted to-day to see a copy of
the cable sent by General Reyes -while
here to various South -arid^"Central
American republics! "1'tom "lfiis'*"dO£u
ment, which I have had*translated from
Spanish into English, it seems General
Reyes' last hope is that the Latin-
American republics may instruct their
representatives at Washington to con
fer with him and adjust matters with
the United States Government.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New Tcrk
liereld. Copyright. 1903. by th£ New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Republics Are Counseled to
Join in Settling the.
Problem.
Commissioner Wants
the Good WiU ; W
Uncle Sam.
Secret Plans of
Reye^ Are Dis
closed.
Officer J. H. Smith Is Shot
* Down While at Post
Fatal Duel Is Fought Out
in the Streets of
' Oakland.
POLICEMAN AND BURGLAR
DIE AFTER FIERCE BATTLE
COLOMBIA'S
AGENT WILL
SEEK PEACE
711 REE young outlaws, with a record of eight murders, and a long series of robberies and other depredations, fought with weapons against a host of farmers and Chicago policemen yesterday at a town near the Illinois metropolis.
One man was killed, another was fatally shot and several were wounded. The youthful bandits were captured and complacently confessed to the police authorities that they had taken the lives of eight persons during their six
months* carnival of crime. They had been involved in the car- barn murders, and had succeeded in making away with more than S2000. The battle with them was one of the most exciting events in the history of the police
of Chicago. , - V ":."*•¦••
YOUTHFUL BANDITS BA TTLE WITH POLICEMAN AND FARMERS
AND PRISON DOORS CLOSE ON A TERRIBLE RECORD OF CRIME
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 181.
Continued on" Page 2, : Column, 5.
Continued on Page" 2, Column 1.
TBS TBLEATTB3* ..
AlcaraT — "A Poor Relation." V
California — "At the Old Cross
Soads."
Central — "Midnight In Chtsa-
UrvrtL."
Colombia — Virginia Hamed la
"Iris."
Fischer '» — "Buhes and Boiei."
Grand — "Ben Htxt."
Orphemn — Vaudeville.
The Chntes — Vaudeville.
Matinees at All Theaters To-Day.
v ! ! > ;t
rcreeirt m&dt.tt Saa Fran
cisco^*©*, thirty hour* »mAir, r
nlia ir tt, ; JJo veisb ex 28 :
¦— £S?CErwe*«eo"*«ad Tirfaity—
Cloudy, unsettle! weather Sat
urday, with lijrht showers; Urht
southeast wind.
a. k. willsobt,
Local rorecaster.
PRT.OB FIVE- CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1903.
The San Francisco CallDEATH OF A PIONEEE.
Louis Westerfeld Dies Regretted by
Host of Friends.
Louis Westerfeld, ! for over thirty
years, engaged in the bakery, and
restaurant business with the late
Charles Schroth, under the; firm name
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27.— General
Reyes of Colombia and party. passed
through AtlariCS to-day en route to
Washington.
"The Colombian people, although
they are very bitter against Panama,
are doing, everything .possible,*' said
General K'eyes, 7 "to settle this matter
amicably, but if there is no other way.
General Says That Colombia May
Compel Panama to Return.
REYES TALKS OF FORCE.
¦ Of an enterprising nature, the late
Mr. Westerfeld embarked in other en
terprises besides the bakery with which
his name; became prominent, and among
the other commercial enterprises he
had "a large" interest in the Potrero
Yeast and Vinegar Works. _
Inl888 he retired from business. Mr.
Westerfeld leaves two' sons^ Carl and
H. William Westerfeld,' and two daughi
ters, Mrs. Emma Hertel and Mrs.' Ida
L. Ankele. ; • .
The funeral services will be held at 2
o'clock . this* afternoon at 1003 Geary
street and ; Incineration will follow' at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
of Schroth & Westerfeld, died in this
city Thursday last.
The late Mr. Westerfeld was born
February 12, 1826, at Neuenklrchen, N
Hanover, Germany. He arrived In
California in 1S54,' coming around Cape
Horn, since which time he had been
a resident of San Francisco.
BANNING, Nov. 27.— The body of an
unidentified man," who evidently had
been murdered, was found this morning
concealed in the brush near the South
ern Pacific railroad tracks, at a point
about nine miles' -east of here.; The
clothing had been-" rifled and nothing
was left by which the identity of the
victim might be escertained, with the
exception of a photograph of a man
and woman. The body is that of a
man about 37 years of age, five , feet
ten niche's in height and of fair com
plexion. :
Murderers Hide Body in the Brush.
We have all the new pictures >and
frames for the Holiday trade now on ex
hibition and sale. Come and see them.
Sanborn, Vail &. Co,. 741 Market street. •
Sparks' offense consisted, It is al
leged, in throwing what b # <* considered
useless mail matter, such as papers,
circulars, etc., in the waste basket and
burning it itr) to save the work and
bother of distributing it. His method,
while very effective so far as getting
rid of mail which doubtitss was of very
little consequence. to any one, was not
in harmony with the postal laws and
regulations. . - -.- '.AS'-
BAKER OITY, Or., Nov. 27.— Harold
Sparks, assistant chief clerk of, the
Baker City Postoffice, has been place^
under arrest and suspended from duty
by Postal Inspector Clark for criminal
carelessness in handling the United
States mails. Sparks was taken before
United States Commisslorrfr F. L.
Moore and bound over to await the ac
tion of the United States Grand Jury.
He Is Accused of Destroying Second
class Mail Matter to Avoid
Distributing It.;
POSTAL CLERK IN OREGON
IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 27.— The po
lice officials were notified to-day by
William Welsh Harri3on that his coun
try home, "The Towers," at Glenside.
a suburb, was robbed yesterday of
Jewelry valued t $23^)00. Mr. Harrison
is ja. brother ot Provost C. C. Harrison
of the University of Pennsylvania and
one of Pennsylvania's wealthiest citi
zens.
Robbers Obtain S25.OOO Worth of
• Jewels From Country Residence
of William W. Harrison.
VALUABLE GEMS STOLEN
• F^OM SUBURBAN HOME
Among the hundreds In the house of
mourning were Mayor Schmitz, Dr. D.
F. Ragan, Secretary of State Curry,
Martin Kelly, W. W. Ackerson, Fire
Commissioner Barrett, William Hum*
phreys, Police Captain Dunlevy, Police
Captain Spillane, Chief of Detectives
Martin, , Abe Ruef, Charles" L. Acker
man, James Nealon, Rudolph Herold,
ex-Sheriff C. S. Laumelster, Timothy
J. O'Brien, Fisher Ames, Louis Metz
ger, James Gallaghe'r, ex- Senator W.
J. Cronan, William F. Ambrose, Judge
Mogan, Judge Conlan, Coroner Leland,
Thomas Williams and Railroad Com
missioner Adam Andrew.
During the service the Knickerbocker
quartet, composed of Herbert Williams,
Dr. R. W. Smith. D. B. Crane and L.
A. Larson, sang "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," "Rock of Ages," "Lead Kindly
Light," and after chanting the Lord's
Prayer rendered the beautiful .'hymn,
"Good Night."
The remains were taken on a special
train to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Eight wagon loads of beautiful floral
offerings of various designs were sent
by intimate friends and deposited by
the side of the grave.
The honorary pall bearers were Su
perior Judge Graham, Judge J. Daly,
ex-City Attorney Harry T. Creswell,
George Maxwell, E. M. Graney, James
S. Britt Sr., William Finnigan, J. W.
Riley, Fire Marshal Towe, Garret Mc-
Enerney, Jules Fay, Administrator
elect M. J. Hines, Fire Commissioner
J. S. Parry, -Henry Hudson and John
Gullf oyie.
The coffin bearers were Joseph
O'Brien, Thpmas Maxwell, Joseph Cul
ley. William Denhay, William O'Keefe
and M. Clancy.
In praying that the widow and rela
tives might be comforted in their hour
of trial the Rev. Mr. Reed said they
were there to pay a tribute to the no
ble precepts, the j generosity and the
thoughtful kindness that were charac
teristic elements' in the large nature ,pf
the departed.
The love Mr. Rainey had always
shown for his home was feelingly re
ferred to and the Rev. Mr. Reed said
that those present spoke one language
— that of sympathy. Life, he said, was
but a pilgrimage . wherein men have
their meetings and their farewells. Did
they but know death he believed they
would love it. j It was but the falling
tor sleep and the crossing of the foun
tain of life to another land even more
beautiful than this.
The Rev. Mr. Reed's prayer and eu
logy were impressive. The reverend
gentleman thanked the Father for life,
for joys and life's happiness, for bright
days and for the home and its tender
memories and friendship, for hope, am
bition and ideals. He thanked the
Father also for the sad days of life,
for, he said, these were lessons intend
ed in all conditions.
Out on the street was an honorary
escort consisting of 120 members of the
San Francisco Fire Department, under
command of Chief J. Wills and Chief
E. F. McKittrick, and members of the
Exempt Fire Company headed by Hen
ry Hudson, J. J. Guilfoyle, John J. Ma
honqy and C. H. Fleming. M. F.
Smith commanded the members of the
Veteran Firemen's Association of San
Francisco.
The- high esteem in which the depart
ed was held by his relatives, friends
and political associates was testified to
by the large gathering that assembled
to pay the tribute of their love to the
departed.."
There were men of all callings pres^
ent and the house was unable to ac
commodate those that desired to join
in the impressive service.
The Rev. Clarence Reed, pastor of
the California Methodist Episcopal
Church, conducted the services at the
house and at the grave at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where all that was
mortal of "Sam" Rainey was laid at
rest.
The funeral services over the remains
of the late Samuel Rainey were con
ducted at his late residence, 1109 Guld
en Gate avenue, yesterday afternoon.
Hundreds of Friends of
Departed Attend the . ,
Last Rites.
! NEW YORK, Nov.. 27.— Dr. Pablo
Arosemena.one of the delegates from
the republic of Panama, when asked to
night about a report that the Depart
ment of Cauca had made application
fur admission to the ncv republic, said:
"I do' not think it possible that any
such overture has been made by the
Government of the department. Just
before I left Panama I talked with one
of. the prominent men of Cauca, who
was himself an advocate of union with
Panama, and who told me. that* there
was. a considerable party in the depart
ment fvorable tc- such a union. That
party is, however, greatly in the minor
ity and beyond doubt Cauca's attitude
leans strongly toward Colombia. Even
assuming that a proposition for union
should come officially from the authori
ties "of Cauca there, is no manner of
doubt that it would receive no consid
eration at the hands of the republic of
Panama. Panama is quite satisfied
.with her- position as it stands."
Delegate Doubts That Cauca Has Ap
plied for Admission.
PANAMA WELL! SATISFIED.
PANAMA, Nov. 28.— The slight oppo
sition to the ratification of the canal
treaty between the republic of Panama
and the United States which prevailed
on the isthmus a day or two ago ap
pears to have been overcome, if not
altogether dissipated. > This opposition
existed among a few Government of
ficials, who how have been wtfVovei*
and thoroughly convinced by the rea
sonable arguments of their confreres.
The plan outlined in these dispatches
yesterday by which the treaty was to
be signed and dispatched to Washing
ton on the day of its' arrival here has
been abandoned because it Is feared
such rapidity of action mlghf give the
impression that the treaty had been
hasty and Inadequately considered and
thus lay the members of the Junta open
to criticism. It is absolutely (Ortafn,
however, that 'the treaty will be ratified
without the slightest opposition.
In Government circles here it is now
said that the junta, as soon as tht*
treaty has been ratified, will address a
note to Secretary Hay^ asking that
$2,000,000 be paid in cash to*the Panama
Government and. that $3,000,000 shall be
transferred ; in such a manner that it
can be invested, the interest being pay
able to the Government. It can be said
authoritatively that the junta is still
firmly' opposed to undertaking tr.e re
sponsibility for any portion 6i-. Colom
bia's foreign indebtedness.
Slight Opposition to Ratification Has
" • Now Been Overcome.
CANAL TREATY ASSURED.
to influence by direct representations
any other than the executive branch of
the United States Government would
scarcely, be viewed with equanimity. ..
Respecting the statements attriouted
to the general in a New' Orleans inter
view that Colombia ,., would send 100!
000 men into Panama pVerland, the fact
is recalled that the instructions to the
United States naval officers on the
isthmus were such that they would not
admit to the. neighborhood of the isth
mus any hostile forces. This was un
derstood by the officers In question that^
hostile Colombian troops would not be
permitted to enter Panama at any
point either by water or by land, and
so far there has been ho change In tfie
instructions glven-to.th^ naval officers
on this point..
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Nov. 27.— A spe
cial from Casper. Wyo.. says that Tom
O'Day, the bandit, is safe in Jail th?re
and that the reports regarding plots
to rescue or to lynch him are discred
ited. Deputies from Natrona, Fremont
and Converse count.,s> have recovered
half the stolen horses that were in the
hands of O'Day's gang. O'Day's hear
ing has been set for Saturday.
Reports of Plot to Rescue Wyoming
Outlaw Are Discredited by
Officials.
TOM O'DAY IS SAFE
IN CHEYENNE JAIL
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Whether or not Consul Ellsworth
wanted to leave Cartagena, it Is a fact
that a number of people of that city
recently broke into the hotel where the
COLON, Nov. 27.— Nothing can be
learned here concerning a statement
that Luther F. Ellsworth, the United
States Consul at Cartagena at the time
( that he was prevented by the Cartage
nJan authorities from boarding the
Royal Mail steamer Trent had any pur
pose of taking passage to Colon. It Is
believed that the Consul simply desired
to pay a social visit to the officers of
the ship. Such visits are now absolute
ly forbidden by the regulations gov
erning the port of Cartagena. The
naval authorities here have reported
the Incfdent to the Government at
Washington, and the question of send
ing a warship to Cartagena seems to
depend upon such Instructions as shall
be received from Washington.
Case of Cartagena Consul Likely to
-r Require Investigation.
Colombia will force Panama back."
General Reyes added the Colombian
army can be Increased to 500,000 men
in a very short time. He also said that
the Colombian Government is anxious
to have the canal through Panama and
if matters had been allowed to take
their proper course there is no doubt
the details \ot a treaty could have been
arranged suitable to all parties.
WARSHIP MAY BE SENT.
United States Consul resides and cre
ated dlsordef. The Consul, however,
was not molested. , • .
COLOMBIA'S AGENT SEEKS PEACE.
About 7 o'clock James Herd, a* local
expressman, telephoned to the police
station that Mrs. Downey was at his
house.-where she had called to see Miss
Cunningham, a lodger. Ross and a
couple of officers hurried to the house
and found "Mrs. Downey., She ex
pressed great surprise when arrested^
saying: "I love "Charles Wilson, and If
I had shot him I Would have turned the
gun oh myself. I haven't been near the
stable to-dayand have not seen him."
She submitted quietly to a thorough
search by the police, which failed to re
veal any weapon. 5k-
Mrs. Downey continued to deny all
knowledge of the affair and stood the
most rigid cross-questioning without
flinching. She was told by the officers
that Wilson was dead in the hope of
eliciting a confession, and although
much moved, she refused to make any
admission.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 27.— A sen
sational shooting affray took place here
late this afternoon, the victim being
Charles A. Wilson, a prominent livery
man of this city. The affair is sur
rounded with mystery, but suspicion
points to Mrs. Jennie Downey as the
pistol wielder. Wilson has had trouble
with the woman and it Is said she
threatened him several times. -
Wilson ascended to the loft of the
Olympic stable shortly after 5 o'clock
to feed his stock and a minute or so
later one of the stablemen heard four
shots coming from the upper pfert of
the building. Immediately afterward
Wilson, appeared at one of the ground
floor windows calling for help. He said
that he had been shot by Mrs. Downey
and had made his escape from the loft
by sliding down a rope from one of the
upper windows/
The wounded man was assisted into
the stable and made as comfortable as
possible, while medical aid and the po
lice were summoned. He was moved
subsequently *tb the Cottage Hospital
and at a late hour to-night was re
ported doing well. The bullet struck
him in the back and glanced around on
a rib under the heart and came out
above the abdomen: •
A few minutes after the shooting
Chief of Police Ross arrived at the sta
ble" and instituted a thorough search
throughout the large loft for Mrs.
Downey, who had not been seen to
leave the premises. He was unsuccess
ful" in his quest and proceeded to the
railroad station to prevent any escape
on the northbound train due about that
time. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alleged Assailant Is Arrested Seye
. ral Hours Later and Fositively '
Denies All Knowledge of
the Affair.
Ho Had Trouble of Try
ing to Kill Him.
Accuses Woman With Whom
Prominent 1 Liveryman
; of Santa Barbara Is
Badly Wounded.
At half past 8 o'clock the family was
told to take final farewell. They went
in one at a time, and by the time the
last one had taken his adieu the dying
man had breathed his last. His lids
were closed by the attending physi-
Twice the dying man asked for 1iis
mother. Once she was led in by her
son. Police Judge Mortimer. Smith, and
a wooed time by Dr. H. B. Mehrmann.
Tears were streaming- down her cheeks
as she kissed her son for the last time
and she heard him tell her not. to get
excited and to look out for his sister
Ida.
The wounded man lived for about
two hours after receiving the fatal
shots. Drs. O. D. Hamlin. R. T. Strat
ton and Lewis M. Emerson did all they
could to make the last moments of his
life as painless as possible. One bullet
entered his right side Just, belbw the
nipple and lodged in the chest cavity.
The second took effect in the back be
neath the left shoulder blade and
ranged downward. Copious internal
hemorrhage resulted from both wounds
and death was only a question of a
very short time. It was teen imme
diately that there was no hope, and the
family was notified to prepare for the
worst. •' ' J.
DIES OF HE1I0BBHAGES.
At the hospital it was evident that
Smith was fatally injured. His broth
er. Police Judge Mortimer Smith, was
notified, and his two brothers, a sister
and bis mother were soon at his side
In the operatir.B-room. Thoy were al
lowed to see him only for a short
time. A room was given over to their
disposal across a passageway, and at
intervals the different members of the
family went from the room to the op
erating chamber. It was a painful
5<cen(? for those who witnessed the af
fliction of the family. It was . only a
short time ago .the father died.
"As soon as I reached the hospital
I notified Chief Hodgkins and the dis
trict was thoroughly patrolled."
"Smith was conscious and very brave.
Ke seemed to know that he was seri
ously injured, and he was divided be
tween an effort to tell me all that he
knew and his worry over what his
mother would think. In spite of his
pain, which was evidently great, he
racked his brain in an effort to give me
every detail that might b£ of use in
tracing the men, and then he would
suddenly say something about . his
'poor mother.' He was a brave man,
for his thoughts were never about him
self, but always of cither his duty to
the department or his love for his
mother and his sister. He told me that
his suspicions were aroused by the fact
that the men wore rubber-soled shoes
and had no lights on their wheels, and
he determined to stop them and find
out who they were. He said that he
hardly expected trouble so early in the
cvenin?, but made up his mind to sat
isfy himself about the men. When he
stopped them he saw that they did not
answer his questions freely, and then
he told them to come with him to the
City Hall. The moment he said that
one of the men opened fire. Smith re
turned the nre and seemed to think he
hit the man v.ho had not done the
Ehooting at him.
At the hoppitjil no one was allowed to
see the dyins policeman except the
doctors, the relatives, and those who
took his dying statement. But to Po
lice Captain Petersen, Smith talked
fr^c-ly while he was being taken to the
Receiving Hospital. This is what Cap
tain Petersen tells of the trip from the
scene of the shooting to the hospital:
HELPS WHILE DYING.
entire neighborhood by policemen in
citizens' clothes, but no trace of the
man who escaped was found. The
section known cs "The Willows" on
th<* border of I^ake Merritt was thor
oughly explored, and every barn and
boathouie around the lake was search
ed, but without the discovery of the
partner of the dead burglar.
An examination of the revolver found
by Policeman Andicws showed thnt not
a Flngle shot had been fired from it,
ebbxrixts that the shots thut killed Po
liceman Smith must have come from
the revolver of the man that escaped.
This tallies with the dying story of the
policeman, who said that he believed
th.it he "get" one of the men, but not
the one who did the shooting at him.
The men left their bicycles, which
arc of the Sncll make. They are now
in the possession of the police at the
Oakland City Hall.
B. C. LA CROSS, murdered In his sa
loon on Ausust 2.
POLICEMAN JOHN QUINN. killed
November 21 vhile tryins to arrest
Marx.
T. J. SOVEA. brakeman. killed to
day.
JOSEPH DRISCOLL, detective, now
dying in a hospital.
Wounded: T. W. Lathrop, agent of
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad,
shot during attack on Cliburn Junction
station on July 3. .^'
Peter Gorski, shot during an atU~k
by the four men on his saloon on
July 20. .
Henry Biehl. clerk. Injured in robbery
of car barns on August 30.
William B. Edmund, clerk, shot and
seriously wounded during the same rob
bery.
Matthew Zlmmer, detective, wounded
in fisht to-day.
These crimes netted the highwaymen
$2540. Lately they had planned to hold
up railroad trains In Chicago and had
made a trip to Clippie Creek, Colo., to
obtain dynamite for use In the hold
ups. ,
Late to-night Roeski was brought to
Chicago and he is now locked un In the
police station with his companies.
H-W-K-H-I-'M'-I-I-M-I-r-M I I I I ¦!"!¦»
Con tinned From Page 1, Column 3.
Coroner Mehrmann made an external
examination of the body of the dead
burglar at the. Morgue, but ? did not
perform an autopsy to-night; Two
bullets from Policeman Smith's revol-
"That was the last word we had until
I talked to Jim to-hight when he was
dying at the Receiving Hospital."
Policeman Smith was appointed a
regular patrolman on November 13.
1901. For seven years before, his ap
pointment he had been in the employ
of the, Oakland Transit Consolidated.
He was the son of the late James H.
Smith, a prominent attojiiey of this
city, who died several months ago. The
young man's mother survives. He was
unmarried and a brother to Police
Judge Mortimer Smith, William B.
Smith, Arthur C. Smith, Miss Julia
Smith, a teacher In the Grant School,
and Mrs. Wallace Stevenson. His birth
place was in Pennsylvania and he was
33 years of age. His home was with
his mother at 486 Twenty-seventh
street.
There is little doubt that the dead
burglar and his escaped partner are
the men who have been doing all of
the big robberies in Oakland recently.
The dead man was equipped for a burg
lary Job and every part of his clothing
Indicated that he had done euch work
before. He was dressed in dark trous
ers, a brown tweed coat of different
material, a red and green striped
sweater and rubber-soled shoes with
leather tops, much like sprinting shoes.
Across the tops and sides of these shoes
were scratches that grave Indication
that the wearer had been climbing up
or sliding down porch /columns. In the
pockets were many loose cartridges,
and a dirk in a sheath was found at
tached to his belt. -*...
The only Identification mark was the
name "Goldstein" upon his shirt. Chief
of Police" Hodgkins said to-night:
BUBGLABS FBOM THE EAST.
"The men were good workers and
apparently from the East.
"Jim told me he was going to stay
on duty to-night an hour later than
usual because there were porch-climb
ers about and he was out to get them
if he could. I replied, 'Be careful, Jim,
or they'll get you.' 'I expect to get one
to-night.' replied my brother and I
again cautioned him."
" 'If they do get me,' he said, 'I'll get
them; you mark my word/
AUTOPSY IS HELD.
, An Immediate autopsy was held at
the Morgue to-night in the case of Po
liceman Smith. Coroner Mehrmann di
rected the examination, and with him
were Dr. O. D. Hamlin, Dr. J. M. Kane.
Dr. George Reinle, Dr. Rice, Dr. Med
ros. Dr. R. T. Stratton and District At
torney John J. Allen. Two bullet
wounds were found, the fatal mlSsilf
having penetrated the left side below
the nipple, puncturing the portal vein
and causing a severe internal, hemor
rhage. The other bullet entered the
back through the left shoulder blade.
Smith was a fearless and conscien
tious peace officer.- ' Though he ' 'had
been on the police force but two years,
he had on a number of occasions shown
conspicuous bravery. At the Arcata
House fire last July he imperiled his
life to arouse sleeping lodgers, some of
whom he carried out of the burning
Btructure through'smoke and flames to
a place of safety.
On July. 7, two nights' after the fire,
Smith broke into H. W. Kleinenbroich's
jewelry, -store,- 538 Fourteenth street,
where a burglar lay hidden behind a
breastworks' of counters, and captured
his man single-handed:' This occurred
at 11 o'clock at night. Andrew Moller,
the burglar, was sentenced to the State
penitentiary. For his courage Smith
received a valuable gold locket from the
jeweler as a testimonial of his bravery.
Not four hours before the fatal duel
to-night the brave, young officer was
in conversation with hi» brother, W. B.
Smith, a clerk in the employ of the
Contra Costa Water Company. It was
as if each had a premonition of the
coming event, for the brother said to
night: ¦ « •
; FELT THE DANGEB.
To his mother he said: "Don't get ex
cited, mamma, and look out for Ida.
Good-by."
" 'I firmly believe I am going to die.
I want to make the same statement I
made before.' "
"James H. Smith being unable to
sign his name, I at his request and in
his presence sign his name and he
made his mark. Everett J. Bjrown.
"Witnesses— H. A. Borchert. O. D.
Hamlin, Eugene S. Van Court.
"I will swear. I am going to die. I
met two men on Madison street. They
passed me and were leading two
wheels without lights. I watched them.
They went up as far as Thirteenth
street and then they turned down
toward Jackson. I ran across the street
and headed them off at Fourteenth and
Jackson streets. I stopped them and
got to talking to them and from their
talk I knew they did not belong here,
so I told them I was going to take
them up to the police station. One of
them stepped off about two feet and
shot me.. I shot at the other fellow.
They say I killed him. I hope I did. I
make this statement thinking I am go
ing to die."
Mr. Van Court asked: "Do you know
which one it was that shot you?"
The dying man replied: "It was not
the one I shot, but the one that got
away. He was the farthest from me.
He started to run. He Immediately
shot a second time. I said, 'My God,
I'm shot,' and then I shot the other fel
low. I shot, I think, five times. He
started down Fourteenth street, toward
Madison. I tried to go upstairs in that
house, but I fell on the steps and be
came unconscious. I am not afraid to
die. but I hate to go on account of my
mother. I want everything I have got
to go to my mother. I have $!SQO in
the Connecticut Mutual Life Insurance
Company and everything else I have
got to my mother.
"JAMES H. (X) SMITH."
Mark.
MAKES DYING STATEMENT.
"Oakland Receiving Hospital, Friday,
Nov. 27, 6:40 p. m.— Present Drs. Ham
lin, Stratton and Emerson, Steward
Borchert, Policeman B. R. Phillips,
Deputy District Attorney Everett J.
Brown and Court Reporter E. S. Van
Court.
clans and the mother and the sister
were taken to their homes by the two
bereaved brothers.
Just before death the officials took
the victim's dying statement, which
was as follows:
as he poked his face through the cab
window, he turned loose with both bar
rels. A number of shot struck Vandlne
in the head and face through the cab
window, and one hit him in the throat,
causing him trouble.
FABMEBS IN PUBSUIT.
When they left the train both men
were exhausted and unable to - travel.
The country at that place is rough,
sandy and cut up by gravel pits; The
farmers, railroad 'laborers and officers
of the Pennsylvania Railroad were
coming up fast and soon were close on
the fugitives' heels, tracking them In
the newly fallen snow. -The men were
seen as they dodged about in the sand,
and the farmers, most of whom were
armed -with double-barreled shotguns,
opened fire on them.
Neldermeyer received a charge full in
the head and thr blood streamed down
his face and into his_ eyes, blinding him
so that he^could hardly rise. A shot
grazed Vandine's head, carrying off
sonvj of his hair, and his ; wounded leg
was weakened."- The posse was closing
in on all sides and the murderers sur
rendered. ' '
They were at once handcuffed, placed
upon a train and hurried to Chicago.
They were taken from the train and in
a patrol wagon were hurried to the
City Hall. They were taken- into the
office of Chief of Police O'Neil and
there, in the presence of Mayor Har
rison and a throng of officers, they dis
cussed the events of the day as calmly
as though it had been nothing unusual
for them. ,
Following fresh footprints in the
snow from the scene of the capture of
Neldermeyer and Vandlne, five resi-j
dents of East Tolleston, Ind.. captured j
Emil Roeski sitting on a bench in the.
Wabash station at Etna. Ind., a town
four miles northeast of Liverpool, Ind.
He was unarmed.
VICTIMS OF BANDITS. : ;
The list of the boys* victims, killed \
and wounded, in the last half year fol
lows:
OTTO BAUDER. murdered during a
saloon holdup on July 9.
ADOLPH JOHNSON, murdered in a
saloqn robbery on August 2.
JAMES E. JOHNSON, motorman.
killed in robbery of Chicago City Rail
way Company car barns on August 30.
FRANCIS W. STEWART, shot down
without warning.
SAMUEL RAINEY
LAID AT REST
Judge. Ogden, who lives at .1175 Alice
street, was at dinner when, he heard the,
shots. He rushed out to the street and
as he did so he noticed a man making
his way down Alice street, walking on.
the lawns and avoiding the sidewalks.'
He now thinks this was the man who
killed Policeman Smith.
ver took effect. One shattered the
right arm just above the wrist, and
the other, which caused death,- entered
the back, passing almost entirely
through the body on the left side and
lodged., just under the skin, of the ab
domen. He had evidently turned to
run when the fatal bullet struck him^
At .the Morgue, Daniel H. .Priest, whose
residence, 934 Myrtle street, was enter
ed by, a .burglar. Wednesday night,
viewed, the body of ; the dead suspect
and said: " . ' , : .
"I am confident' this man • Is one of
two men who called jit my. house about
dusk Wednesday evening and asked for
something to eat. At th« time I thought
the pair's actions were rather suspi
cious and that they were looking about
on some'errand that was not right. The
man in the Morgue so strongly resem
bles my caller that I have little hesi
tancy in wiy identification." •
Priest and .a roomer in Jils . house, A.
J. Flood, lost $200. y
Superior Judge F. B. Ogden, thinks
that the escaped burglar fled westward'
through the Stanley yard and through
the grounds of Mrs. Charles Webb
Howard and down Alice street: '.
Contin.ued From Page 1, Column 6.
MYSTERIOUS
SHOOTING IN
STABLE LOFT
YOUNG OUTLAWS ENGAGE UN BATTLE
WITH A HOST OF CHICAGO POLICE
AND ADMIT MURDER OF EIGHT MEN
POLICEMAN AND BURGLAR DIE AFTER' -
A FIERCE FUSILLADE OF BULLETS *
IN RESIDENCE SECTION OF OAKLAND
THE SAN IKAKCISCO CALL SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 1903.
A Guaranteed Cure ; for Files.
Itching, Blind.' Bleeding or Protruding Files.
Tour •• druggist will refund money If Pazo
Ointment fails to cur^you in 6 to 14 days. 50c*
2
-, '.ADVERTISEMENTS.-
No Appetite
Means loss of vitality, vigor
or tone, and is often a pre-
cursor of prostrating sick-
ness^ This is why it is
serious. The best* thing
you can do is to take the
great* alterative and tonic
Hood's SarsaparUla
Which has cured thousands.
DIED.
ARJO— Nov. 27, 1003, Manuel Arjo, dearly
beloved "husband of ;th« late Mercld Arjo
and - loving • father • of Mrs. Rosa Camano
Norbert and . Frank Arjo and the late Mrs.
Tillle Meneses; Manuel, Philip and Guada-
loupe Arjo, aged tt) years ' H s months and -
DB. PIZBCE'S BEMEDIES.
Have "eyes bigger than their stomachs,"
according to en old saying. They over-
eat themselves, and are tempted by all
sorts of injurious and indigestible edi-
bles. As a consequence the foundation
of serious stomach trouble is often laid
In childhood.
For children with" weak" digestion or.
tfhose stomachs are diseased. Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery may
be confidently recommended. It cures
diseases of the stomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition, so that the
nourishment contained in food is per-
fectly assimilated and the puny child is
built un by food into a condition of
robust health.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
contains neither alcohol nor narcotics.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing « just
as good " for diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion end nutrition.
Mrs. Ella Pardaer. of Watervietr. Middlesex
Co.A'a., writes : • My little daughter is enjoying
splendid health, I crn glad I found a doctor
who could care st child. Whenever the feels
badiy I give her l>r. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery cud sbs i* coon oil right. She took
twelve botUm of the 'Golden Medical Discov-
er..' cizlit bottles of • Pellets.' and one bottle of
c: Dr. Jiage's Catarrh Rexnecv and she is well. '
We Uiaat God for jronr taedtdne."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cert stamps to' pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
JL V. Pierce, BuSalo, K. Y.
¦ I a lllflMllllMMlll«|-|MHIIir IIHIMlMSil |-WiTii -BlllW r* I r t W a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*B / . A MTT|T|TON "AT.n* OLD GRAND- \
M /^^^^S^^^**V^ *DAD3 credit their healthy old ag-e to !
ll CASCASETS Jandy Cathartic, and f
M g$ji?££r^ are telling youngrer folks how to stay :
fj wBfir^^ \Sl 11 youngr in spirit by using CASCAB- !
d 'Jpt* . \ v ETS. That's -why the sale Is O\CEB A 3
O ffieEfeV *"' sfdP***^ a'\ MILLION/BOXES A MONTH. The |
jJ J^^^--^S^Z^^> M \V on© wn ° good eatir.gr and good £
i3 *[~~n£3f* yg> A^-^ V?> drinking; can always depend on CA3- F^
m itC"''^ CARETS to help digest his food, tone £
U y&i£W s B^^£S3* / *&*%f up hl3 Intestines, stimulate hl3 liver, £
iij Kg5|*ljj^, ¦¦yfiyyf V I keep his bowels regular, hla blood |
y wSffiW^SfsScSj 1 ' '/ •"// pure and ective and his wholo body |
I liBWaraBjBg^* /. C/Jf b^thy, clean and wholesome. "In f
« g^yvT^r*^ <&fS <f time of peace prepare for -war," and |
S P$isj , y I '/I have about the house a pleasant i
*| Wi^^ k ___^*^'^ "~~~^Jc&h^ medicine for sour stomach, sick k
jj jfsSr*^** *^ " jS£§8&^^im headache, furred tongrue, lazy liver gj
£ jfixSj^ j&£P'^ taA breath, bad taste— CASCAEET3 M
*\ '" djeBJJB&mBlHJmta^ &B^ Candy Cathartic — a tablet at bed- t]
§ time wil1 flx y° u aU ri 8r ht fe y rnorn- E3
§2 >«i£I|p^Vf|i^3|k fir in 3- All druggists, 10c. 25c, 50c. f\
»j (stiteis t£/ /. T l ' —atee- mm Never sold in bulk. The grenuine tab- fj
H jW t» *.*iJ* Z»o<t " let stamped CCC. Sample and book- B
ra M • ™ • $ *7««- let tr9e>m Address Sterling: Bemedy |
i|4f Co n Chicago or New York. |l
'^WS ANDY CATHARTIC Bs^^^^Vi
' ABI9UAL SALE -TEN MSLLiON BOXES I
1 Greatest in the World . «» JJ
tTNE MODERN SPECIFIC THAT PRODUCES ,^«k^
'STRENGTH! 4*f
Every aan an<S woman wants to ¦; \^
possess these and there Is jto
reason why thev should not, ~ f
Iha treat nerve toaie end blood remedy, produce tarasi a |p$> M fpi is rf" £P\
pU'apneia. round out hollownst*. bring the btoon of r M ( JjB ri H_ B %,*
youth to the eheo'a, and all who take thea enjoy B Ifi RiK 9 K 3 i] J^
N»rv«n Ttbktrf act on the D«r»tf and blood, tad B aB tea/ UO Sb B %*?
:oota!a all the elements of life. Posltlrely t
CURE KIDNEY AMD BLADDER TROUBLES. Rheamatlsm. All Diseases ot tae Blood,
Backache, ana Nervous Dyspepsia, Clear the Complexion and A14 Dlgesttoa.
Give you a good appetite, renew life cells In youatf and old. Permanently reftore youthful
vigar and vitality. They tone up the'whole system and make yon feel lUe a new ' P« r * on - . •
No remedy in the world to equal then. Take a few Nervan Tablets and note too wonder-
ALCOHOL IN ALL LIQUID KIDNEY AND RHEUMATIC REMEDIES CONDEMNS THEM
An Ignorantly compounded remedy, containing alcohol, as nearly all liquid kidaey remedies
do, wtH stimulate them so violently that an inflammation will b<> »et up. and 'Mf 6 * 1 *. « _?« ln f
raerel/lazy. the kidneys will become diseased. Alcohol contests the kidneys wira blood aad
retards their activity. , „ . . . '
There is no alcohol in Nervan Tablets to interfere with the- removal of all a armful sedi-
ment from the body. The Tablets soothe and heal the kidaeys wfcea they are irritated and
inflamed. Ttfey cure the kidney diseases that make you dkzy. restless, sleepiest and Irritable:
that make you pass water often during the day and night; that cause rheumatism, catarrh 0!
the bladder, pain in the back, joints and muscles; that make your bead ache and cause lod>
gestion, stomach and liver trouble and a sallow, yellow complexion.
Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago, III. Dear Sirs:— 1 desire to inform you that I have taken
Nervan Tablets for Rheumatism and Kidney trouble and think they are wonderful. Doat
believe they can be equalled for the cure of diseases they are iateaded to £««• \
My wife was troubled with Rheumatism, was in bed several daya. I bad her laTte your
reoeedy and la three days she was up aad doingher work aad is now entirely welL W« oota
wiah you success. Very truly, A. E. Harriston. ¦ -v-
flO9 Lelaad Ave.. Sheridaa Park, Chicago. 111.
No matter bow many other remedies yon may have tried and fouad useless, remember the
great modern remedy. Nervaa Tablets, the peer of all remedies. ;
CD C C ' A "toral Trial Package (Enoaga to Do You €ood) WlU Be Sent to
rnLL Anyone Vpon Receipt ot f Oc to Cover Mall Expenses.
Every #1 box sold with guarantee to refund your money should they fail to do all we daia i
for them. Sold aad recommended by
UNION DKTJG COMPANY'S STOKES:
314 Kearny Street. stocktoa and OTarrell Strait*.
Market Street and Van Hess Avenue. Sixth Street, corner Mlasioa.
318 Men tjromery Avenue. 4CO Butter Street.
Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-Third. California and Pillmore Street*. - .Into the manner In which Deming
gained entrance into the church and
reached the side of the President, Police
Commissioner Greene announced to
night that he was not satisfied with
the explanation made by the police who
were in charge at the church and that |
he would place Captain Cottrell on trial
on charges of failing to make proper
arrangements.
Three detectives and two policemen
who were on guard at the church will
also be placed on trial!
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— President
and Mrs. Roosevelt, who went to New
York last night to attend the. funeral
of the President's uncle, James K.
Grade, returned to Washington at 6:55
o'clock to-night. With them were Cap
tain and Mrs. Cowles, Secretary Loeb
and Dr. Stokes, the President's phy--
Elcian. . ,
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 27.— A special
from Ottawa says Henry A. Little, a
Woodstock barrister, has been ap
pointed Canadian Commissioner to con
fer with representatives in
London in February next relative to
the claims of Victoria sealers for com
pensation by, reason of seizure by the
Russian warships in the North Pacific
in 1902. x
Canada Names Her Commissioner.
Death. Calls Prominent Clergyman-
DANVILLE, Ky., Nov. 27.— Rev. Dr.
William Charles Roberts, president of
Central University, died to-day from
paralysis. He ,was a leader in the
Presbyterian denomination in the
United States.
Pyrography Outfits and things to burn
In wood and leather. We are agents for
Wlnsor & Newton, makers of tho' best
artist materials in the world. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741- Market street. oanoo r x '
Bribery Case Postponed.
ALBANY, N. T., Nov. 27.— Governor
Odell to-day postponed until Monday,
December 7, the hearing in the applica
tion for extradition of William Zeigler
of New York, indicted in Missouri upon
charges of bribery.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 27. — Articles incor-^
porating the True Life Church, which
was founded by Mrs. Mary E. Hayes-
Chynoweth of Edenvale, were filed with
the County Clerk here to-day. The
corporation will buy property and build
a church and conduct services in con
formity to the doctrine, government,
discipline and worship of the True Life
church, as founded and established by
Mrs. Hayes-Chynoweth. San Jose Is
to be the home of the church. It Is in
corporated for fifty years. The follow
ing directors are named^: E. A. Hayes,
Edenvale; O. H. Dogge/ San Jose; Ar
thur M. Free, Mountain View; Mrs. J._
O. Hayes, Mountain View; W. B. Stone,
"W. H.. Rogers, San Jose; Mrs. W. P.
Lyon, A. Flosbach, Edenvale. The new
church starts with a membership of
about 200. It was formally organized in
this city last Sunday.
Prominent Citizens of Santa Clara
County Will Serve on the Board
of Directors.
TRUE LIFE CHTJECH FILES
* INCOBPOBATTON" ABTICXES
Colored Soldiers Are
Sent to Dislodge
Outlaws.
| PLAINS. Mont.. Nov. 27.— There is
I every indication of trouble between the
colored troops sent up to the reserva
tion to eject Joe Morrigeau and his
band of outlaw Nez Perces Indians,
¦who are said to be supporting Morri
geau. ' .
The troops arrived at 3:30 o'clock this
morning and an hour later were loaded
into wagons and started on the forty
mile drive to the Little Bitter Root.
Three hours later Government officers
came in by another trail and reported
that Morrigeau was still on the reser
vation and defiant. They state that the
Indian police positively refuse to at
tempt to eject the cattlemen, owing to
their fear of the Nez Perces.
The Nez Perces are a band of about
100, under Chief Carrier Slater, and
have been located in isolated sections of
the Flathead reservation* for the last
year. They refuse to recognize the Fed
eral officers or the Indian police and
have staved off the Flatheads for
months.
Morrigeau has engaged the band to
assist him, and unless Major Torrey and
his soldiers get hold of the cattle be
fore the Nez Perces are brought up,
trouble is v bound to occur.
The troops sent out from Fort Mls
soula are all veterans and picked fight
ers and are expected to, easily outclass
twice their number of Nez Perces.
A courier arrived at Plains at 7
o'clock this evening to report that the
troops were within two hours* march of
the Morrigeau camp and had halted for
the night.
Congressman Bi chard son Hurt.
¦WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.—Represent
ative Richardson of Tennessee in fall
ing as he stepped from a street car
yesterday suffered a sprained ankle. He
expects to attend to his Congressional
duties without Interruption.
Half of a Town Burned.
HILL CITY, Kans.. Nov f 27.— The
greater portion of the south side of this
town was destroyed by a fire that start
ed at daylight this morning. The dam
age will exceed $100,000.
Whole Family Poisoned.
TIFFIN, Ohio, Nov. 27.— The entire
family of Frank Miller, consisting Ot
himself, wife and two children, living
near Bismarck, were mysteriously pois
oned to-day. All are dead.
TROOPS MAY
CLASH WITH
NEZ PERCES
After a session of twenty-five min
utes' duration the Senate^adjourned to
day until next Tuesday. The business
of the Senate was confined almost ex
clusively to the Introduction of relief
bills.
CAIRO, 111., Xov. 27. — A severe earth
quake was felt here at S:30 this mora
ine. It continued for several minutes
and was quite pronounced
see introduced a bill to-day to abolish
slavery in the Philippine Archipelago
and to abrogate the treaty between the
United States and the Sultan of Suiu.
Earthquake in Illinois.
Bowman came to California in the
early '70s and settled in San Jose. He
was employed by the Wells-Fargo
Company in this city, and later be
came' manager and then president of
the Golden Gate Fruit Packing Com
pany. He was one of the founders of
the First National Bank and in 1S96
became its presWent.
He was a Grand Army veteran and a
past commander of John A. Dix Post of
this city, a prominent Mason and a
Knight Templar. He was also largely
interested In fruit growing, and insti
tuted Arbor day in Santa Clara County.
He was a leader in everything pertain
ing to the interests of the" Garden City.
He leaves an estate valued at about
$300,000. A wife and three children sur
vive him.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 27.— George M. Bow
man, a banker and one of the most
prominent men In Santa Clara County,
died suddenly this morning at his home
at 4S0 North First street. As he started
to dress this morning he was stricken
with apoplexy and a physician was
summoned, but before he arrived Bow
man was dead. Bowman complained of
not feeling well yesterday, but no seri
ous .result was anticipated. Six years
ago he had suffered a light stroke of
apoplexy.
Bowman was of the First
National Bank of this city, president
and general manager of the Golden
Gate Fruit Packing Company and a di
rector and former president of the
Chamber, of Commerce. Few men were
more closely connected with the com
mercial life of San Jose or had a wider
acquaintance. He was a native of Du
buque, la., and 63 years of age. He
.was a graduate from Cornell College at
Mount Vernon, la., in 1S65, with the de
gree of A. M.
National Democrats who are watch-
Ing the situation within the party think
that Cleveland's only chance of nomi
nation is by means of a stampede.
They say that he cannot be an active
candidate and that he must continue to
decline. Then should a prolonged con
test among other candidates come Into
the convention a stampede for him Is
not Impossible, and should this be the
outcome they say his friends will in
sist upon his accepting.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— National
leaders of the Democratic party in
Washington when told to-night that
Cleveland had issued another declin
ation of nomination for the Presidency
did not consider that it put him in a
new position.
Senator Gorman did not care to dis
cuss the matter in any form and Rep
resentative McClellan, Mayor-elect of
New York, also declined to make a
6tatement. There was a singular dis
inclination among other Democrats of
national reputation to be quoted on
Mr. Cleveland's attiude, but all con
sidered his new announcement perfect
ly consistent and but a reiteration of
others of a similar character. / It is not
thought here that the complete elimi
nation of Mr. Cleveland will have any
effect upon the chances of Judge Par
ker, except so far as it makes one less
candidate.
Mr. Cleveland has carefully abstained
from saying definitely heretofore
whether he would allow his name to
be presented to the convention. When
the question has been put to him he
has avoided a direct answer and on
this account the Impression has grown
that he might become the Democratic
standard bearer. The chief opposition
to him has come from the Bryan wing
of the party.
Although very popular with the peo
ple. Mr. Cleveland has unfortunately
not been a favorite>with the party ma
chine leaders and realization of their
determined opposition probably In
fluenced his decision.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Former Presi
dent Grover Cleveland announces un
conditionally and irrevocably to-day
that he would not be a candidate for
the Democratic" nomination for the
Presidency in the next Democratic con
vention. In view of the desire first ex
pressed by the Democratic leaders in
New Jersey last summer and since then
repeated in ma-sy parts of the country
that Mr. Cleveland would permit him
self, to be considered a candidate for
the Presidency, his decision aroused a
great deal of interest among political
leaders of both parties to-night. The
opinion was freely expressed that its
effect would be to increase the chances
of Alton B. Parker, Judge of ihe Court
of Appeals, for whom a strong prefer
ence has been shown in the South, and
for whom it is known Tammany Hall
has great admiration.
The announcement of Mr. Cleveland's
unwillingness to be a candidate was
made In a letter to St. Clair McKelway
and published In the Brooklyn Eagle.
George M. Bowman Receives
Fatal Stroke Vhile
LJl CZSisIIIg.
FORMER PRESIDENT, WHO
V.'ILL NOT ACCEPT FOURTH
NOMINATION.
PROMINENT BANKER OF SAN
JOSE WHO DIED YESTERDAY
FROM APOPLEXY.
Officer Tells How 2£agazine Articles
"Were Prepared to Beflect on
the Tomer Gov
ernor.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The Sen!
ate Committee on Military Affairs to- i
day heard Major James E. Runcie of I
Havana, probably the most important I
withers that will be offered by the op- !
ponects it General Leonard Wood in !
their attempt to prevent his confirma
tion to be major general. Major Runcie
¦was en the stand several times during
the day, telling the committee of a din- J
r;er at Santiago, Cuba, attended by !
himself. General Wood and Ray Stan- '
nard Baker, a newspaper man, at j
¦which it is alleged was planned the j
magazine article attacking Major Gen- !
cral Brooke that has figured so con- !
spicuously in the Wood case. Major J
Runcie was stopped more than once
during the course cf his testimony and
told to give nothing but facts of which
he had personal knowledge. This d^l
not exclude his story of the dinner In
cident, which resulted in the issue of
Fubpenaes for three other witnesses,
among whom is General Brooke.
In his testimony Major Runcie ex
plained that he had acted as the confi
dential adviser of General Wood for '
nearly two years and that they lived
together ct Santiago. It was v.hi'e
they were living in the same house that
Baker went to Santiago in search of
material for a magazine article. A j
meeting was arranged betv.-een the men i
ard a dinner followed, testified Major ¦
Huncie, at which they discussed the !
T-lan to have published an article whiclr
v.ould exploit the success of General
Wood in dealing with affairs air San
tiago and draw a comparison with the
situation at Havana unfavorable to the
administration of General Brooke.
Major RuncSe declared that General
Wood asked him to vrrite the article
and that he had done so. The -article |
was given to Baker and published in
February, l£»00. over the name of Ma
jor Runcie. He asserted that General :
Wood kr.ew what the article contained i
and that the^ had correspondence :
about it as a result of,the furor creat- i
c-d by its publication. He offered to j
produce conies of letters v.-hich he had !
written to General Wood concerning his j
town defense. It was not until General j
Wood succeeded General Brooke that j
.the anicle was published. The effect j
v.as a severance of the relations be- I
tv.een the witness and General Wood. ;
Major Runcie then began the practice
Of law at Havana and according to his
testimony has there ever since.
The witness said that when the Sec
retary of War went to Cuba following
the disclosures to.. the War Department
the suggestion was made, either by the
Secretary or Genera.1 Wool, that he be
bdort-snartlaled for writing the article^
and that he had. in effect, invited the
court-martial.
The committee informed Major Run
cie that he vrould be called again Borne
time next v.eek. He left Washington
to-night for Cleveland. H* is expected
to return within three days and hold
himself subject to the call of the com
mittee. His connections In Havana
make it necessary for him to appear
before the committee to testify con
cerning matters other than the writing
of the magazine article. It is said he
has knowledge cf. General Wood's or
der for the arrest of Major Rathbone
and as the agent at Havana for a Mary
land bonding company can give Infor
mation in regard to Rsitbbone'e charge
that General Wood used his influence
with the courts In having his fRath
bene's) bond fixed at a figure he de
clared to have been unreasonable.
SAX rUEOO. Nov. 27. — J. Wilbur Chapman.
FT^'al rerrr«»ntatlve of the general a5*embly
rir the- Presbyterian church. 1» la ttlc city.
His ir.isetTi i« :« *>rn-.se th» Interest of the
cfcurrfce* la evanclirtlc wort
The President, with Mrs. Roosevelt,
alighted at the main entrance and went
quickly Into the house. There was lit
tle excitement, the occasion barring
any demonstration. The crowd was so
large by the time the cortege reached
the church that ingress or egress on
the avenue was practically impossible.
Just prior to the arrival of the cortege
a police Inspector noticea a man stand-
Ing on the structure, leaning over the
east railing directly over the entrance
to the church. The man was ordered
''away after he had returned an Insolent
answer, to thejnspector's question and
departed. While the man was presum
ably a curiosity seeker who had merely
wished to get a vantage point to see
the President, the crowd, impressed by
the elaborate police protection, looked
upon the Incident as a possible | plot
against tho President, but there was no
further disturbance. .
After completing an Investigation
Around the entire block patrolmen
were placed at frequent Intervals,
shutting off all traffic from Fifth ave
nue to Sixth avenue on Twentieth and
Twenty-first streets. The middle of the
street was kept open and the crowd,
which assumed large proportions in a
short time, was kept close to the side
walk. No one was allowed In the mid
dle of the street.
After breakfasting at the Robinson
home the President went to the late
residence of Mr. Grade in East Forty
eighth street, remaining there, until
time to go to the Church of the -Holy
Communion for the funeral service. At
the head of the cortege were carriages
containing the pallbearers. Then came
a carriage containing the President and
Mrs. Roosevelt. With them in the car
riage was a central office detective ser
geant and a secret service man and a
secret service man rode on the box
with the driver. The hearse followed
with carriages containing the other
mourners. Policemen were lined along
at very frequent intervals. The 'same
cordon of mounted police escorted the
President that had been detailed for
the ride from the ferry.
The police arrangements for the pro
tection of the President and the re
straint of the large crowd were very
efficient, more than three hundred pa
trolmen being on duty about the block
on which the church is located.
On the west side of Sixth avenue,
opposite the church, there was a solid
line of patrolmen, standing shoulder to
shoulder for a block, and on the east
side a similar detail of men.
AMPLE POLICE GT7ABD.
It is said that Deming is the man
who, on Mav 19, 1900, appeared at the
House of Representatives In Washing
ton and startled the House by suddenly
shouting, from the gallery: ,"Halt, or
der bv the grace of the Lord, listen,"
and then, having received the desired
attention, proceeded to make a speech
to that branch of the United States
Congress. Three or four policemen
finally hustled him away and escorted
him outside the building. It Is also
"said that last April he appeared at the
White Star Line pier as J. P. Morgan,
Andrew Carnegie and others were sail
ing on the Cedric, and preached a ser
mon to them.
Deming was later . committed .-. to
Bellevue Hospital for examination as
to his sanity. He told the magistrate a
rambling story in which he said that
he was in the clothing business in Oak
land, Cal., for twelve years, but that
for the last twenty-one years he had
been in New York and vicinity. He
said he had met every President from
Grant to McKInley.
The officials at the detective bureau
said the man appeared to be perfectly
harmless and- rational upon every sub
ject except -that of his remedy. Noth
ing was found on him to injure any one.
Deming told the officers that he de
pended on God to guide him in his
business affairs.
PRESIDENT AT THE FUNERAL.
The funeral service was conducted by
Bishop Potter. Rev. Dr. Mottet. Rev. H.
F.Taylor, Rev. Howard K. Barlow and
Rev. Henry H. Washburn of Oyster
Bay. Among the floral offerings was a
cluster of roses and orchids sent by the
President.
INTRUDER A CRANK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— President
Roosevelt came to New York to attend
the funeral of James King Grade,
whose late wife was a sister of the
President's mother. During the five
hours he was in the city he was sur
rounded by several hundred policeman
and a number of special officers, but an
apparently harmless crank managed
to elude their vigilance and handed to
the President a letter regarding a pan
acea which he claims he has discov
ered. The interview came as the Pres
ident was leaving the church. The
stranger said he was A. B. Deming of
170 Broadway and that he had a cure
for cancer, which he wished Emperor
William to try. He wanted President
Roosevelt to write a letter to the Em
peror recommending the cure. The
President was unruffled by the inci
dent. With Mrs. Roosevelt he entered
his carriage immediately and vas
driven to the Twenty-third street ferry
to take the train for Washington. Dem-
Ing was taken to the Tombs Police
Court. Before being arraigned he said:
"I don't know why the President did
not keep my !etter instead of handing
it over to a policeman. It is a charcoal
cancer cure that cannot fail. I wanted
President Roosevelt to write to Em
peror William recommending it to
him."
Man Claims to Have a Cure for Can
cer and That He Meant No
Harm to Roose
velt.
Military Investigation De
velops Startling Dis
closures.
Stranger Hands Mr. Roose
velt an Envelope as He
Leaves Edifice.
"The universal exposition of 1904." he
said, "will be the sensational climax of
the twentieth century, the grandest
victory of peace and civilization and
the greatest triumph human genius has
yet achieved. To millions of its visitors
it will be an academy of learning and
inspiration and an inexhaustible source
of genuine delight, and the memories
of the Ivory City will live and bear
fruit in all the ages yet to come."
Representative Hepburn introduced a
bill known as. the, pure food bill, the
same measure which was reported last
Congress by the Committee on Inter
state and Foreign Commerce.
Representative Patterson of Tennes-
There was a party alignment of the
vote on the motion to adjourn over, the
Democrats voting against it.
Meyers of Iowa called up his resolu
tion providing for the acceptance of
the invitation of the members of the
House to be present at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition celebration in
New Orleans, but objection was made
to its. consideration.
Bartholdt of Missouri was granted
unanimous consent to make an address
on the Louisiana Purchasa Exposition,
to be held In St. Louis next year. He
reviewed what had been accomplished
and what was being provided for the
public.
De Armond of Missouri also criticized
the Republican majority for its course.
Payne of New York, on whose request
unanimous consent was given for de
bate on the motion to adjourn over, re
plying to the opposition, took occasion
to say that the Republicans would
hardly care to take up the question of
tariff revision and disturb conditions
on the eve of a Presidential campaign.
He also said the time was not oppor
tune to consider reciprocity with Can
ada.
WASHINGTON', Nov. 27.— The House
met to-day and adjourned until Tues
day. The proceedings were marked by
a debate on the motion to adjourn over,
during which the minority took *ie Re
publicans to task for not proceeding to
the transaction of business. Williams
of Mississippi, the minority leader, pro
tested against the inactivity of the
House, asking If the majority were
afraid to trust themselves. He said
that while the Speaker had not been
able, as he knew, to name fell the com
mittees, yet there were matters which
the Ways and Means Committee, al
ready organized, could consider, citing
among other things the resolutions re
lating to Canadian reciprocity.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 27.— After a con
ference between Governor Wells and
Messrs. Evans and Kelliher, national
organizers of the United Mine "Work
ers of America, the Governor and Col
onel E. F. Holmes, president of the
Commercial Club, began efforts to
bring about a conference between the
officials of the Utah Fuel Company and
their striking miners in Carbon Coun
ty. Kelliher and Evans come as the
personal representatives of John Mit
chell and In their talk with the Gov
ernor brought out a new phase of the
strike situation. They maintain that
recognition of the union is a subordi
nate issue and that 20 per cent increase
In wages is the principal issue at stake.
They also declared that the Utah
miners are striking because of griev
ances of their own and they will go
back to work when these are rectified,
regardless of what the Colorado miners
may do. Their statements were in
radical variance from those of the Utah
Fuel Company officials.
In a telegram to the Commercial
Club President Mitchell declares his
willingness to meet representatives of
the coal company and arrange an
amicable settlement. To clear the sit
uation and arrive at the facts in the
matter, Governor Wells to-night sent
a telegram to President Kramer of the
fuel company, asking him to confer
with a delegation of miners. At a late
hour to-night no reply to this telegram
had been received by the Governor. .
In the habeas corpus proceedings
looking to the # release of Organizer
Demolli, who was sentenced to thirty
days' imprisonment on the charge oZ
disturbing the peace. District Judge
Johnson to-day issued an order com
manding the Sheriff of Carbon County
to appear with the prisoner next Men
day and show cause why Demolli
should not be released.
Much Alarm Caused by
Unusual Incident at
a Church.
PRINCETON, N. J.,
Nov. 25, 1903.— My
Dear Mr. Kehvay: I
have wanted for a long
time to say something
which I think should be said
to you before others. You
can never know how grate
ful I am for the manifesta
tion of kindly feeling to
ward me on the part of my
countrymen which your ini
tiative has brought out.
Your advocacy in the Eagle
of my nomination for the
Presidency came to me as a
great surprise; and it has
been seconded in such man
ner by Democratic senti
ment that conflicting
thoughts of gratitude and
duty have caused me to hesi
tate as to the time and man
ner of a declaration on my
part concerning the subject
— if such declaration should
seem necessary or proper.
In the midst of it all, and
in full view of every consid
eration presented, I have
not for a moment been able,
nor am I now able, to open
ymy mind to the thought that
in any circumstance or upon
any consideration I should
ever again become the nom
inee of my party for the
Presidency, j My determina
tion not to do so is unalter
able and conclusive.
This you, at least, ought
to know from me, and I
should be glad if the Eagle
were made the medium of
its conveyance to the public.
Very sincerely yours,
GROVER CLEVELAND.
St. Clair McKelway,LL.D.,
Brooklvn.
"UNALTERABLE,"
THE POSITION
OF CLEVELAND
Strikers Declare They Will
Act Independent of Col
-^ orado Situation.
Lively Debate Occasioned
on a Motion to
Adjourn.
Major Runcie Gives
Some Sensational
Testimony.
Governor Wells Takes
a Hand as Me
diator.
Minority Leader Wants
Congress to Take
Action. •
Former President Declares Positively That
He Will Not Accept the Place at the
Head of the Democratic National Ticket
PRESIDENT
IS ACCOSTED
BY A CRANK
DEMOCRATS TAUNT
THEIR OPPONENTS
UTAH MINERS
TALK OF PEACE
CLEVELAND'S FIRM "NO"
BOTHERS POLITICIANS
SAYS WOOD
PUT UP A JOB
ON BROOKE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. KOVE31BER 28, 3003.
GARDEN CITY
BANKER DIES
OF APOPLEXY
3
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
"THE BOAD THAT
MIA CHOSE."
A Story With, a Strange
Ending.
BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
ADVEBTISE2IE2TTS.
Trunk and Suitcase
SPECIAL OFFER.
. Era»3«at Trosfc. ftortblr bk4*. with an
it»vy tnn trtarnlr-r*. two «xtr* tntym,
ccut>!« •trwed. *sd an extra vnXoe at
19.50. "R'« fca™ ipecUtlir redao«d tb«
prtc* to f<MX>
Dr«M Seit Chn el fle* aole teatber, haad-
ccc« la aTpearaac*. well mad* aad
eurab!*, wxxth such rrore. bet «•« offer
It tar 9H.OO
VT» «r» daily In i*crtpt U xtanr HoiWij
T^ t »^» r Qoo&m In Chat>Utn«ia. Baca aac
Eel: Ciew. £90Cfe!lr <l«rtrabl« a* balidajr
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trsrks « m * Tiarettar OutSta,
128-132 Qlb Street. Above Powell.
Sea PiaaCwo
Schilling's Best systematic
supply and dealing puts money-
back
— t b*Vir t jpc*£et tpicei
eo&« flavariag extract* soda
at your ; grocer's — if he is a
good encv-ofceourse.
BEGAL SHOES.
sphere are 20 Regal Shoe stores in
the Metropolitan District of New
York, are new this year — some
have been running for ten years. They
are all busy. On an average, there are sold in New
York five pairs of Regal Shoes every minute of every
working day in the year.
Now if all these shoes were not satisfactory, don't
you suppose we would have had "kicks" enough 0 ,
long before this, to have lifted us clear up over "the
Liberty statue and out to sea?
The reason we are here, and growing every hour,
is because the Regal is " the 'shoe that proves " — it is
the shoe that makes good.
When we tell you that the Regal is a $6 shoe for
$3.50 we know what we are saying, and we are prepared
to prove it: Regal style is self-evident — you can judge
it in our windows. • The purchase of one pair at $3.50
will allow you to test the fit and wear. That's what
we want.
Th^re are 60 Regal Stores — 20 of tfcem in Greater New
York,i where the styles originate. The new styles are on sale in
our San Francisco store at the same time as in the New York
stores. Other dealers get the same styles a year later.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sta.\COURT ISSUES DECREE
IN BENNETT WILL CASE
Doubts Game- and la Assaulted.
Maurice E. Meyers, who resides at
502 Stanyan street, was Injured on the
head yesterday In a saloon at 119 Ellis
street. Meyers was throwing dice, and
as he expressed some doubt about the
manner, in which the dice were being
thrown lie was belabored with a bottle
in the hand of his companion. His In
juries were dressed at the Emergency
Hospital.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— The follow
ing Californians registered hereio-day:
From San Francisco — M. Goldsmith, at
the Hoffman; W. A. Richardson, at the
Navarre; R. H. Swayhe and wife, at
the Imperial; E. J;*Wieland, at the
Hoffman: F. C. Baldwin, at the Man
hattan; \T?<> N A. Barnes, at "the Holland
House;. J. C. Brittain, at. "the Imperial;
L. G. Harrison, at the'-Union Square:
J/ } Herrmann, at the St. Denis; A. C.
Hooper, at the Manhattan; S. C.
Houghton, at the Astor House; J. H.
Mercer, at the Broadway Central; Mrs.
R. E. Newland, at the Everett; F.. M.
Parsells, at the Marlborough; G. Pauls,
J.vL. Rondtree,^ at the Imperial; G.
Stone, at the Plaza; T. C. Walker, at
the Manhattan.
San Jose — J. W. Turner and wife, at
the Cosmopolitan.
Los Angers— Mrs. E. Babcock, at
the Navarre;" E. H. Grasly Jr., at the
Imperial.
Receive Many Congratulations.
Miss Zeldaj'Tiffany and William Har
rison, whos'e engagement was an
nounced on Thanksgiving day, are be
ing showered with good wishes and
congratulations by their friends in this
city and Sausalito. The pretty bride
elect is already the recipient of several
exquisite engagement cups.
.Miss Tiffany is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. Z. Tiffany, a granddaugh
ter of John Sroufe and a niece of Mrs.
John F. Merrill. Mr. Harrison Is the
son of Mr. and Mrs. J. "W. Harrison.
He Is associated in the coal business
with his father In this city and resides
with his parents in their pretty country
home at Sausalito. ; V
Dies From Injuries.
Valentine Kendall, a laborer, 40 years
of age, residing at 1118 Treat avenue,
died at St. Mary's Hospital last night
from internal injuries received on No
vember 23. Deceased was employed in
the construction of the new Vallejo
street wharf and was struck by. flying
splinters .from a pile that was being
driven.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 27.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Manuel J. Sllva,
25 years old, and Christine Vierra, 19,
both of Newark: Frank P. Davis, over
21, San Francisco, and Laura C. Mc-
Coy, over 18. Haywards; Henry Llllie,
65. Ellsmore, and Frances Herron, 45,
San Francisco.
Attempts Suicide for Wager.
James Horn, a recent arrival from
Stockton, attempted to end his life
last night for a 10-cent wager. He be
came intoxicated and met a salior In
a water front resort, [j The latter bet
Horn 10 cents that he would tiot com
mit suicide and Horn immediately re
paired to Mission-street <¦ wharf and
jumped, -overboard. He was rescued
and taken to the Harbor Hospital.
Chicago Pioneer Dies.
CHICAGO.- Nov. 27.— Augustus H.
Burley, the founder of tne Merchants'
Loan and ' Trust Company, and a pio
neer, died here to-day of heart disease,
superinduced by old age. '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Friday, November 27.
Stmr. Scotia.. Johnaon. .Bowens Landing.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schrs Coqullle And Winchester.
Schlenberger Not Known in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 27.— The State
authorities at Salem. Or., know nothing
of a man named John Schlenberger, re
ferred to in a dispatch from Philadel
phia, reputed to have left an estate
valued at $53,000,000, consisting of tim
ber and mineral lands. No man by that
name died in this city during the month
of July, nor can any record be found
of such a nten ever having lived in the
State.
WOODLAND. Nov. 27.— Judge Gad
dis to-day rendered a decision declar
ing invalid the will of the late Henry
Seaman of Winters. The decision waa
based on the ground that the will was
not signed in the proper place. Instead
of signing at the end of the will the
testator .placed his signature on the
back of the will. The signatures of the
witnesses were placed Immediately un
der that of the testator.
Court Declares the Will Invalid.
TACOMA."Nov. 27.— T. F. Burns, for
years a cigar-manufacturer at Douglas,
Alaska, has returned, stating that he
was driveVi out of Alaska by continued
persecution by officers of the Treadwell
Mining Company. In May, 1902, Burns
was summoned . to appear on ;a . Cor
oner's Jury to investigate the ki?,Hn& of
M. C. Tones by Superintendent McDon
ald oi the Treadwell mine. For lack of
witnesses, only one testifying, McDon
ald "-Was acquitted. Burns now makes
the statement that because he Insisted
on an investigation by the- United
States Grand. Jury -into, the suspiclou.^
circumstances surrounding the killing
of > Jones - -by McDonald, McDonald
threatened to. put him out of business
and force him to leave 'Alaska. Burns
claims McDonald induced , the mer
chants to ' discontinue - handling his
goods, with the. result .that he was
forced to seek.. a /iew .location to make
a living. Burns has given the facts of
the case, together with all available
data regarding Jones', death, to United
States District Attorney John J. Boyce,
who has promised to make a, full inves
tigation.. : ¦ / ' r
ALASKA MERCHANT • TELLS
A STORY OF, PERSECUTION
Asserts That He .Was Driven Out of
Business by. Friends of an Al
leged Murderer.
Army orders— Captain- Henry "W.
Stamford, signal^oofps, is ordered from
Fort Myer, Virginia, to San Francisco,
thence to the Philippines.' The follow
ing officers of the signal^ corps on their
arrival at San Francisco will proceed
to the stations named: Major William
A. Glassford, to Denver, Colo.; Captain
Eugene O. Fecht, to San Antonio. Tex.;
Captain Carl F. Hartmann, to Fort Mc-
Dowell, California, and Captain Chafes
S. Wallace, to Omaha, Neb, ' ;
WASHINGTON£)Ngy. 27.— The fol
lowing orders have been issued^ Post
offices discontinued Decepiber li:
Oregon— Riyerton, Cods ' County, mail
te*Coquille % O T ''
\V"ashing£?>n— CovIngtoiV. King Coun
ty, mail to Kent.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Orders Are Issued for Changes in
the Postal and. Navy
o. Service.
FRESNO, Nov. 27.— Adolph Zehnder,
foreman of the Thornton cattle ranch,
twelve miles west of this city, yester
day wandered into a rabbit hunter's
camp a few miles from the' ranch with
a bullet wound in his head. He was
without, shoes or coat and his clothing
was damp from the dense fog. He was
demented and has since been unable
to offer any explanation save that in
occasional half lucid intervals he has
said that he was set upon by Uvo men
who demanded his shoes and his money
and discharged two' shots at him. Be
sides the wound in his head he has a
deep cutl on his left arm just abov*.
the wrist made with a keen-edged wea
pon, probably a razor, and numerous
bruises on his back. «
On , Monday last Zehnder left the
ranch.!io go to Madra. He rode a few
miles and then -.left his 'horse to walk
across country to the railroad. From
that time until he; wandered into the
hunter's camp Thursday he had not
been seen. The. supposition is that he
was set upon by tramps. He was
brought to this city and the physicians
attending him express little hope for
his recovery;} Exposure in his half
clad condition through three nights of
.very cold weather has brought on an
attack of pneumonia.
Victim Wanders for Three Days in a
Half Demented Condition Before
Being Found. .
TRAMPS MAKE MURDEROUS
ASSAULT ON A RANCHER
The educational work was discussed
by A. A. Macurda. the educational dl
rictor. Rev.F. M. Larkln, pastor of
Grace Methodist Church, made an ad
dress on ,"The Complete Man." Secre
tary McCoy presided. '
The meeting was devoted to discus
sion on the extension, the educational
and other work of the association. It
has been the aim of the Young Men's
Christian Association to give an educa
tion to all young men who desire it.
During the last year hundreds have at
tended its schools, taking up almost
every branch of study in the college
curriculum.
Tne working committees of the asso
ciation want to extend this field of
study and turn out educated young
men as good as any college can. The
social field of the association was also
discusp?d, with a view to Its enlarge
ment. vWhile the members were at din
ner several speeches were made by
eirjnent men. ;
j Y7 E. Kelley made an address on
"The Social Side of Our Work." He
outlined the plans of the committee
and told of the proposed extension of
the social, domain. ;
Alexander Gardner talked on "The
Foreign "Section" and F. A. Jackson
spoke on "The Development of Sunday
Clubs." He said that the committees
Intended to gain a larger attendance
at their Sunday religious meetings.
The annual meeting and dinner of
the working committees of the Young
Men's Christian Association was held
last night at the association building
on Mason street."
WORKING COMMITTEES « .•
HOLD ANNUAL DINNEB
Young Men's Christian Association
Members Discu33 Extension of
Educational Courses.
VALLEJO, Nov. 27.— Thirty cents a
pound for turkey, incidentally, and the
high orice- of the necessaries of life,
generally, have provoked a protest fronf
Rev. R. L. MacFarlane of the Mission
of the Holy Spirit.
In hir Thanksgiving sermon Dr. Mac-
Farlane said: "Even though our land
has^Vielded abundantly of fruits and
vegetables there is cause for discon
tent, Inasmuch as a combination of
wVjlesale and retail dealers has con
spired to so increase the price of the
necessaries of life as to place them be
yond the reach of the poorer and hum
bler classes. Notably has this been the
case in San Francisco, and the same is
true in Vallejo. We have abundant
cause for discontent when we see men.
for their own aggrandizement, corner
ing triese gifts whichHSod has "bestowed
on us, denying us the actual' necessar
ies of life. I wouM heartily recommend
that throughout this State where this
condition of perfidy is to be found that
there should be . formed consumers'
leagues and consumers' unions, so that
we shall not suffer for the f^cessaries
of liL- to p*tisfy the greed of men.
What is true' in regard to the manipu
lation of the harvest yield through the
perfidy of some men Is true also.in the
commercial world. The consumer is
being oppressed to-day as he never was
expressed in days gone by. ;
Vallejo Clergyman in His Thanks
giving Sermon Refers to Several
Causes for Discontent.
FIGH PRICE OF TURKEY
PROVOKES A PROTEST
Mrs. Hastings then filed a bond on
appeal, but this has been dismissed as
stated.
The long-continued contest over the
ownership of the . thoroughbred Harry
Thatcher was finally compromised to
day after nearly two years of lighting
in the" courts. A document was filed
with the County Clerk to-day, signed
by "Long Willie" Johnson and Mrs.
Anna Hastings, the contestants over
the possession of the horse, agreeing to
the dismissal of all the proceedings
pending in' the case.
Harry Thatcher is a well-known race
horse on the" Western circuits. He won
a race last Monday at the Emeryville
track, beating Dr. Bernays, Rose of
May. Red Tip and Max Bendix, and
came home an easy winner at odds of
4 to 1. He was entered in a distance
race yesterday and came In in the ruck.
T.wo yeat? ago he was given by John
son, to Mrs. Anna Hastings as security
for a board bill and money bompred
by Johnson. He claimed that he gave
her the horse to run, with the under
standing that when the animal won
sufficient races to pay the debt he was
to get him back again. Mrs. Hastings
claimed that the horse was given her
without contingency. While Mrs. Hast
ings claimed Johnson owed her 5350, it
was shown the horse had won $1200.
The examination of the accounts of
stabling and pasturing took up much
time, but Judge Ogden finally decided
the case in favor of Johnson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'1118 Broadway, Nov. 27.-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— Brigadier
General Tasker H. Bliss in his annual
report as president of the army war
college says detailed study of the mili
tary problems confronting the United
States should form an important part
of the work of the college, under the
direction of the chief of staff. General
Bliss recommends the elimination from
the duties of the college of "the collec
tion of military information." He also
would eliminate any special study of
material of war, which, while im
portant enough, he does not consider
within the proper scope of the war col
lege. General Bliss recommends that
a number of officers be" selected at
stated intervals for the study and the
wprklng out of a great war game. The
officers chosen, he says, should be se
lected from those who would play an
important part in the execution of
: plans adopted in the event of war. In
the selection of officers for post schools
General Bliss thinks that no difference
should be made in the cases of West
Point graduates.
General Bliss urges that every en
couragement be given to the officers of
the organized militia to pursue the
course of study laid down for the post
schools, and says that "in this way
the schools will perform the additional
function of insuring the maximum
number of trained regimental officers
for our large improvised armies in
times of war."
Will Install Smoke Consumer.
The Fire Committee granted a permit
to the Sanitary Reduction Works yes
terday to maintain an oil storage tank
of 1500 gallons capacity on its premises
on Rhode Island street. The corpora
tion Intends to install a smoke con
sumer to prevent noxious. fumes escap
ing from its big chimney. "
; The Board, of , Public Works yester
day adopted a number of resolutions
for street work in various parts of the
city, and also ordered grades to b<»
changed on Fourteenth street, between
Alpine and Castro streets. 7 ¦¦.iv v '
J. F. Sloane was appointed inspector
on the work of constructing an addi
tion to the warehouse for the Depart
ment of Elections at Eighteenth and
Division streets at a compensation of
$6 per day.
Bids were ordered' invited for the
work of resurveylng the portion of the
Richmond district located between
Point Lobos avenue and Fulton street
and First and Twelfth avenues.
Action was postponed for one week
on the offer of the Spring Valley "Water
Works to donate the land necessary for
the widening of the street at tne junc
tion of Corbett and Ocean avenues. 1
Board of Works Jnvites Bids for
• Work and Changes Grades on ¦
Fourteenth Street. (
TO RESURVEY PORTION
OF RICHMOND DISTRICT
U took. Treasurer McDougald and
three of his deputies than three
hours to count the money, which was
then deposited in the treasury vaults.
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday
received from the. United- Railroads the
sum of $3C4,572 79. represertmg the
taxes on its personal property, which
was paid in court pending the decision
in the suit of interpleader to determine
whether tlje city or State shall assess
the United Railroads.
Unless there is an extraordinary rush
to the tax office to-day and Monday
Tax Collector -Smith anticipates that
there will be an unusually Isrge <S»-'
linquency. Tip to yesterd'y morning
the sum of J52.600.0O0 has been collected
on first Installments of taxes due this,
year. There still remains $2,100,000 to :
collect and only two days to do it in,
as Monday evening at f, o'clock the;
taxes will become delinquent ;*ind pen
alties will be collected ther»?on. The
facilities for collecting taxe3 are now
so "perfect that little or ny delay is ex
perienced by those desiring to pay
taxes.
SLOW TAX COLLECTIONS '
MEANS BIG DELINQUL*JCY
City Treasurer Receives §364,572 79
From United Railroads Pending
Determination of Suit.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Commit
tee yesterday referred to Attorney
Thomas Malloy the proposed ordinance
exempting private shooting ranges
from payment of licenses for codifica
tion in connection with other ordin
ances regulating shooting ranges. Mol
loy stated that there was nothing in
the present law or the charter inquir
ing permits for shooting galleries to be
Issued by the Chief of Police.
The committee- disallowed the claim
of the E. K. Wood Lumber Company
for $10 11 for damages sustained by the
schooner Dauntless in passing, through
the Fourih street drawbrids".
Evidence was taken regarding the
proposed ordinance regulating the"busi
ness of locksmiths. It was stated by
,M. J. Baker and H. B. isfoPherson.
president of the Master Locksmiths'
Association, that the ordinance was
necessary to restrict irresponsible lock
smiths, while objection was raised by
H. J. Collins because it requires iJck
smiths to have a fixed place of busi
ness. Action was postponed for two
weeks. . i- '
of Trade of Locksmiths:
TO REGULATE ¦BUSINESS
OF SHOOTING RANGES
Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
Considers the Proposed Restriction
uv First avenue, was 'aid over for con
sideration until next Thursday.
Hall refused to give his San Fran
cisco address to the Sheriff, iiating
that he would call on him in the even
ing to learn if there were any develop
ments. He failed to return, however,
or place himself in communication with
either the Sheriff or police.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 27.— Frank Hall
of SanQFrancisco appealed to the au
thorities of this city to-day to assist
him in searching for his runaway wife.
He stated that she had eloped with a
man whose name he refused to divulge
and that he had reason to believe they
were touring Marin County in an auto
mobile.
Hall's story was to the effect that
his wife left their home in San Fran
cisco on Thursday after announcing
that she was going to visit a friend.
When she did not return at the usual
hour he commenced a search for her
and learned that she came to this city.
He next heard of her being seen here
in an automobile with the man with
whom she had eloped.
The local authorities were unable to
find any trace ol' Mrs. Hall, her com
panion or the automobile. If the couple
crossed to this side of the bay they
must have continued on to Petaluma or"
some other point in Sonoma County,
for it is almost certain that they are
not in Marin County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"J. H. Swift is now Dresldent and Air
len Griffiths Is vice&jresldent of th'fr.
bank and Mr. Turpin and myself are
directors. We will not oppose the is
sue of the 500 shares of treasury stock
and we now hona that everything will
go along iii?a smooth manner."
"Yes, we^have settled everything
amicably. We held a meeting of the
Directors to-day and I tendered my
resignation as/ president and Mr. tur
pin did the same as vice president. We
decided that the interests of the bank
would best be served by not having
any friction 'or Qltigation, so We de
cided to withdraw the suit
and come to an amlcffele settlement.
. A suit to determt-te the sale of the
500 shaVes of treasury stock was filed,
but It was dismissed on nation of the
defendant^ directors. Then Truman and
Turpin sought an injunction to re
strain the other directors^ from inter
fering with them in their'posltlons as
president and. vice president. This is
the suit that'w'u's withdrawn yester
day. .
I. J. Truman made the following
statement last evening: v ,
The next step was taken a few days
ago, when Truman and Turpin were
ousted from their. positions by a con
trolling vote of the issued stock. J. H.
Swift was elected president and Allen
Griffiths vice president and Truman
and Turpin evoked the aid r of the
courts. Q) •
The directors of the Columbian
Banking Company have settled their
differences and the suit instituted by
I. J. Truman and F. L. Turpin to re
strain their brother directors from In
terfering, with them in their duties as
president and' vice president respect
ively of the corporation was withdrawn
yesterday when the case was called be
fore Judge Hebbard.
. For some time Truman, the presi
dent, and Turpin, vice president of the
bank, held 1339 shares of the 2500 shares
Issued, thus~ giving them the control
of the board of directors. The balance
of the issued shares was* neld by Di
rectors CO. Perry, J. H. Swift, Al
len Griffiths, T. O. Sadlier and Thomas
E. Haven. The unissued shares of the
bank, amounting to 7500, remained in
the treasury. .
Dissatisfaction was felt some months
ago at the manner in which Truman
and Turpin were conducting the af
fairs of the banking company and the
directors decided to depose them. Five
hundred shares of the treasury stock
were ordered issued by the majority of
the directors," the same' being sold to
Allen Griffiths. 3y this move the di
rectors opposed to Truman and Tur
pin secured sufficient s-.'ock to control
the board. , '
. The petition of property-owners for
the construction of sidewalks on Point
Lobos avenue, from Williamson street
Grades were recommended to be
changed at points designated on First
avenue, between Parnassus avenue and
H street, and Chestnut street, between
Hyde and Larkin.
The petition of J. C. Bates that af
fidavits of . publications of resolutions
and notices of street work be furnished
was referred to the Board of Works
for action.
The Board of Works was granted au
thority to pave New Montgomery
street, between Market and Mission,
with asphalt, at an estimated cost of
$13,560.
I Permission was granted to the Board
of Works to construct at an estimated
cost to the city of $11,500 a .six-inch
fewer in Thirty-seventh avenue, south
of the new pesthouse site to the bay
shore, and also a roadway leading to
the Flte and the grading of a portion
thereof.
The committee postponed action on
the matter until next Thursday In or
der to make a personal investigation
of the route of the proposed spur track.
The Street Committee recommended
the passage of a resolution lowering
the prade of Golden Gate avenue, at
its intersection with Jones and Leaven
worth streets, and authorizing the
Board of Works to proceed with the
work.
Garret McEncrney. attorney for !
Archbishop Riordan. scored the Board
of Public Works for refusing to grant
the permit.
"We wish to lay this track under au- ;
thority granted by the Board of Super- i
visors." said McEnerney. "and we have
been delayed and prevented from doing |
so by the Board of Works, which denies ,
our request for a permit. I represent a j
charitable Institution that takes care of j
the pick free. The objections to the j
t-pur track and the reasons for the ob- ;
Jectinns ar» the same as have been :
urged for the last 500 years. We will |
have a larger city and the teamsters j
will do more business than when the j
mules carried- water in leather jars ;
around the city. Anything that will j
cheapen the cost to the <-onrumer will j
be a benefit. The owners of the ware- j
house were not so insane, as to get a j
permit for a spur track so that the !
teamsters could not get in and out of j
the warehouse as the representatives
of the teamsters say."
MUST PAVE STREET.
'There is an tirdinanee." said Casey,
'•which requires holders of spur track
privileges to pave the space between
the rails and tv.o feet on either side."
"We are aware of that condition," re
plied McEnerney, "and \*e will comply
with all requirements this board may
prescribe."
" "For my part," said Chairman Curtis
of the committee, "I do not like to see
this corporation ringled out for taking
away a privilege already granted. We
have issued many permits for spur
tracks and. to my mind we have not the
power to discriminate unless there are
weighty reasons for so doing. It stems
to me that if A\e repeal this particular
privilege we would be' compelled to re
peal all similar privileges."
It developed durLng the meeting that
the Board of Public Works itself on
November T. 190L had recommended
that the petition of St. Mary's Help
Hospital be granted, with the amend
ment, however, that the epur track be
laid on Filbert street instead of on
Sansome, • as originally petitioned for
by the corporation. On the declaration
of the Board of Works that the tracks
could be laid on Filbert street with less
hindrance to traffic the Supervisors
passed the ordinance granting the spur
track privilege; I
WILL INVESTIGATE ROUTE.
R, I. Wisler, secretary of the Labor
Council, stated that the granting of the
j.rivilepe to lay the spur track would
result in driving a number of men out
of the teaming busings? a.« the ware
houses wou'd use the track to the ex
c lusion of teams. Michael Casey, presi
dent of the Teamsters' Union, and
president of ;he Board of Works, also
«.ppoged thP granting of the privilege
for the same reasons, and also that too
much of th? street would be occupied
by the track, causing a menace to
teaming.
WOULD HURT TEAMSTERS
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors held a lively session yes
terday over the consideration of the
petition of the San Francisco Labor
Council to annul the privilege hereto
fore granted to Archbishop P. W. Rior
dan as president of the St. Mary's Help
Hospital, a corporation, to lay and
maintain a spur track to connect the
Gibraltar warehouse at the southeast
corner of Filbert and Sansome streets
with the belt railroad. The warehouse
property was left by the late Mrs. Kate
Johnson for the benefit of the hospital,
which is to be erected on Guerrero
street.
Notwithstanding that the Board of
Supervisors, by ordinance regularly
passed, ordered thf Board of Works to
grant permission for the spur, the lat
ter body refuses to issue a permit on
the pretext that a protest has been filed
apainst it. Supplementary to the pro
tert of the Labor Council the City
Front Federation, of which John Kean
is secretary, filed a communication fa
vnrinp the repeal of the ordinance. The
federation says in the petition that "it
does not wish to stand in the way of
improvements, but the fact that the
ordinance granting the privilege has
r.ot beer, acted upon for two years
Fhould be r>roof that it is an unneces
sary morn-poly of Filbert street over
which it Is intended to lay the spur
track. The federation objects on the
further ground that it will deprive a
large number of men »of employment,
the men affected being members of the
federation, and further protests
aqainrt the granting of a monopoly in
the interest of one (o the detriment c-f
many."
"Juries," continued the Judge, "have
no right to make -themselves the par
doning power of the State. In this case
the defendant had repeatedly threat
ened to kill the woman; he had hired
apartments where he could be within
reach of her and the night before the
murder he had purchased a pistol to
carry his threat into execution. If ever
there was a case of lying In wait mur
der.this was one, and as I said before,
it was murder in the first degree with
out a mitigating circumstance. If the
death penalty was not for such a case
then the statute ought- to be repealed.
It is through such a miscarriage of
justice that men are instigated to com
mit crimes of this sort. I would not be
justified in the circumstances in giving
the defendant any Consideration what
ever, but for the sake of his family, es
pecially his aged mother. I am inclined
to grant the request made by counsel."
, The Judge ordered the defendant to
spend the rest of his natural life In
San Quentin. A stay of ten days was
asked, but the Judge would only allow
five days.
The Judge said it would be only out
of consideration for the defendant's
mother for him to listen to any request.
At the time the verdict was rendered
he felt that it was a case In- which, the
jury having found a verdict of murder
in the first degree, there could be but
one punishment adequate under the
law. If the jury had Drought in a
verdict of murder in the. second de
gree, as it was in their province to do,
he would have certainly felt that they
had conscientiously performed their
duty and he would have pronounced
sentence accordingly, but where the
verdict was murder in the first de
gree and there could be no possible
mitigating circumstance to Justify a
reduction In the punishment it seemed
to him a travesty on justice— a gross
miscarriage of justice in every sense
of the word.
Sentence of imprisonment for life as
fixed by the trial Jury was passed upon
Michael Nihill by Judge Cook yester
day for shooting and killing Mrs. Ben
efrieda Baker In a saloon at Howard
and Russ streets on April 21 last.
When the case was called Attorney
Alford for the defendant said he had
no legal cause to offer why judgment
should not be pronounced. He had sim
ply to request that the defendant be
sent to San Quentin Instead of Folsom
for the sake of the defendant's aged
mother and sisters.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 27.— General Man
ager Julius Kruttschnitt on behalf of the
Southern and Central Pacific railways
has refused to accept the two local
franchises as awarded to those cor
porations on the 2d of this month
by the City Trustees. His letter abso
lutely declining to accept the privileges
as granted was received to-day by City
Clerk James W. Gillosly. It leaves the
mat- r of the two franchises practically
in the same condition that they have
been since the South Pacific Coast Rail
way Company's twenty-five-year fran
chise expired last June. In his letter of
refusal Mr. Kruttschnitt says:
"An examination of the franchises In
question will disclose the fact that they
contain many unusual and burdensome
conditions on the part of each grantee."
He then refers to the provision that
local passenger service shall not be cur
tailed; that local stations shall not be
abolished without the consent of the
City Trustees; that single fares be
tween Alameda and San Francisco shall
not exceed 10 cents and between Ala
meda and Oakland a cents; that the
Central Pacific shall remove its tracks
from Railroad avenue, between Fifth
and Eighth streets; that single fares be
tween local stations shall not exceed
2H: cents, and that no freight except to
or from AJameda. or points between
Alameda and Santa Cruz be trans
ported over the local line between the
easterly boundary of the city and Ala
meda Point. Continuing Mr. Krutt
schnitt says:
"The concessions on the part of the
Southern Pacific Company are of the
highest value to the people of Alameda,
insuring the continuance of the present
very low local rates^ and placing them
on an exact equality with the city of
Oakland. Home of these concessions
¦ were reluctantly consented to by us.
but as we had Intended to remodel the
entire railroad system of Alameda so a3
to bring it up to the best modern stand
ard, we fert. after much consideration
' and discussion, that if the franchises
for a sufficiently long time to warrant
the contemplated expenditure were
granted, we would accept the incon
venience and submit to the limitations
which are so urcently demanded or.
your part. In all our conferences with
your representatives we distinctly
stated that the shortest, term we would
consider for franchises involving such
conditions was fifty years, and all of
the concessions made by us were well
understood to be based upon fifty
year terms.
"We desire to maintain friendly rela
tions with Alameda City and to main
tain therein a first-class modern rail
way system, operated In such a man
ner as to meet every reasonable re
quirement of her people, but we cannot
afford to incur the very large invest
ments necessary for that purpose under
the limitations and restrictions pro
posed by you for any shorter term than
that of the corporate existence of the
respective grantees named in the fran
chises.
"I bej? further to state that no fran
chises containing the special conditions
referred to will be accepted by either of
said companies. I most respectfully in
form you that the franchises, as finally
passed by you are not accepted. "With
much regret that the well-intended con
cessions offered by the said companies
have failed to obtain a reasonable re
sponse from you, I remain very re
spectfully yours,
"J. KRUTTSCHNTTT,
"Fourth Vice-President and General
Manager."
QUARREL OVER
RACEHORSE ENDS
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 27.— It is
stated that the Russo-Japanese diffi
culty so far as -Manchuria is concerned
has been tentatively settled by Japan
agreeing to recognize Russia's d.oml
nant interests there and not to interr
fere with them at present. This does
not imply a waiving of treaty rights,
the ultimate recognition of which, as
with all open ports and the integrity of
Chinese sovereignly, Japan requires. It
is alleged, however, that Japan is will
ing to leave these questions in abeyance
in order not to embarrass Russia.
In the meantime Japan's insistence
regarding the position of Korea is not
modified.
Herald Publishing' Company
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New. York
Officer" Believes Young Solr
diers Should Know How
to Fight.
Japan Is More Friendly, but
Korean Situation Is
Unchanged.
Both Officials Resign and
I Agree to Election of
Successors.
Terms of Alameda Grants
Are Not Acceptable to
Kruttschniit.
Attorney for St. Mary's Help
Hospital Scores the
Board of Works.
Asserts That She Eloped in
an Automobile With
an Acquaintance.
Verdict in Nih 11 Case Ohar
acteriz d A3 Travesty
on Justice.
Street Committee Hears
Protest of Labor
Council.
General. Bliss Makes
Suggestions for the
Army College.
Manchurian Dispute Is
Said to Have Been
Put Aside.
L J. Truman and F. L.
Turpin Withdraw In
junction Suit.
Southern and Central
Pacific Companies
in Earnest.
Asks Marin County
Officials to Aid Him
in Finding Her.
BIG WAH GAME
IN THE TRAINING
No Right to Exercise
Pardoning Power
FIRMLY OBJECTS
TO SPUR TRACK
SAN FRANCISCAN
LOSES HIS WIFE
CZAR AND MIKADO
ON BETTER TERMS
JURY RECEIVES
A CASTIGAT10N
ROADS REJECT
THE FRANCHISES
BANK DIRECTORS
SETTLE DISPUTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1903.
BAKERSFIELD.'Noy. -27.— A fire at
the Sunset oil Meld destroyed the coop
erage plant of the Consolidated Cali
fornia Oil Fields Company's refinery
last nicht.* The loss is $6000. All the
machinery and two carloads of ma
terial were destm««"»
Fire at Sunset Oil Fields.
Some hours after he had granted the
decree Judge Dubols of the Supreme
Court performed a marriage ceremony
between Mrs. Kemp and Holly H. Hun
newell of Boston! A few friends, In
cluding Reginald C. Vanderbilt, broth
er-in-law of, Mrs, Kemp,' were present.
NEWPORT, R. I., Nov. 27.— A decree
of divorce was to-day ordered to be en.
tered in the case of Mrs. Arthur T.
Kemp against her husband. Mrs. Kemp
is a sister of Mrs. Reginald C. Vander
bllt.
WEDS A TEW HOURS
AFTER, THE DIVORCE
The ' Supervisors' Health Committee
met yesterday and formulated a repoit
to the board to the effect that after a
poll of votes taken among the residents
of the University Mound and Bay View
districts it finds that the sentiment is
overwhelmingly against the proposed
ordinance extending the limits within
which It Is prohibited to keep more
than two cows. The poll was taken to
determine the propriety of extending
the lirnits, and as the vote was four to
one against It; in all likelihood the or
dinance will not be passed.
The committee reported that the com
plaint that Gray .Brothers' brick plant
in the Flint tract is a nuisance" was not
borne out by the facts.
SENTIMENT . IS AGAINST;
• ' EXTENDING COW LIMITS
Supervisors' Health Committee Re
ports Result of Poll Taken Among I
Affected Ttesidents.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 27.— The
formal . decree of the Probate Court In
relation to the Philo S. Bonnett will]
of which W. J. Bryan Is an executor,
was announced to-day by Probate
Judge Cleaveland. After the decision
of Judge Cleaveland regarding the will
was made some weeks 'ago, after a
hearing of the parties Interested, the
Judge left to the attorneys to agree if
possible cm the form of the formal de
cree based on that decision. Opposing
counsel, however, found themselves un
able to reach an agreement. After re
citing the known facts In the case
Judge Cleaveland decrees that neither
the- sealed letter by which it appeared
that Mr. Bennett expressed u desire to
give $50,000 to Mr. Bryan and family
and the typewritten document in the
possession of Mr. : Bryan, nor' the en
velope containing the letter should be
admitted to probate as part of the will.
Otherwise the will was allowed and or
dered to be recorded.
Judge Decides That Sealed Letter
May Not Be Admitted as Part
of the Will.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.^
PBO3SXNE2TT PEOPLE
Testify to tne Efficacy of tne Ttmw
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
A. E. Lanier. Denver, says: "Herplclde
has made my hair grow rapidly." I
Mrs. A. Gucrln. Great Falls. Mont,
says: "I find Herplclde an excellent dan-
druff cure." .
H. Greenland. Portland. Ore., says:
"Newbro'a Herplcide stopped my hair's
falling out."
J. D. Israel. Norton. Wash., says: "Her-
picide has completely cured my dan-
druff."
Charles Brown. President First Na-
tional Bank. Vancouver. Wash., says:
"Herplcide is noted for keeping the' scalp
clean." _ .
Insist upon the genuine. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for aample to The Herpiclde Co., Detroit.
Mich.
OOZ.D CSOW2TS AT COST.
22 K. crowns, aervtceable- and artl«!c: guar-
anteed not to tarnish or come off. Pivot tsetn
which cannot be, detected from the natural.
Crowded and twisted teeth regulated n^*- *-J' j
traction free. Cleanlr* free. Painless meth- .1
ods. Graduates only. Twenty years guaran-
tee. Week Day*, ft to O; Sunday«.:J> to i.
POST-OKABTTATE DESTAL COIAEOr
Saa rranci«co—C Taylor Street.
Oakland— -973-Wasfcintrtcra str «*5*_
San Jo«e — 45 Bart Saata CUra Strtrt.
Sacramento — 407 Vi J Street.
NEXT. SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
BERKELEY PROFESSOR'S
STRANGE ;', LIFE
AMONG THE CLIFF
DWELLERS.No charge for lettering your name { in
gold on pbeketbooks/card cases, cameras,
travellng.sets, trunks, valises, dress suit
cases or any other fine leather, goods
purchased at our store... San born. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •'.,,; , . • • ;
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 27.— The King of
Portugal is expected to arrive at Dela
goa Bay, Portuguese East Africa, In
March on a visit to the South African
colonies.
Portugal's King- Visits Africa.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 27.— John Smith,
a young man about' town and a mem
ber of one of iiarin County's most
prominent families, is in JailT Smith is
accused of highway' robbery. " Late last
Monday j nl ght ' Timothy ; Calahari was
knocked down oh B street arid robbed
of considerable money. Frpm the de
scription given of his assailant sus
picion, pointed to young Smith ! and ' he
was arrested.
Accused of Highway Bobbery.
LONDON, Nov. 27.— King Edward
has decided that he is unableno accept
the invitation to send some of his
horses to the St. Louis exposition. The
declination is accompanied by an ex
p" ssion of much regret, but It is ex
plained that the King has made it an
invariable rule not to enter horses In
a handicap race.
King's Horses "Will Not Run.
Charters, a few weeks ago, fully re
covered from his injury and' he then
declared that the Interval since the
accident happened was a blank to him.
He had no knowledge of- having, writ
ten a book. After reading the book he
pronounced its" contents idiotic.
After the . accident, which occurred
on December 30, .1901, Charters pro
claimed, himself "Daniel, the Prophet,"
and . wrote a book entitled "Daniel's
Vision and Mission; Is Heaven Real?
Is Hell Real?" He preached' ;on the
streets and established a prosperous
mission. He also traveled about the
country as a evangelist.
Denver for $15,000 damages for injuries
to his head sustained by falling on a
defective sidewalk.
BRUSSELS. Nov. 27.— The Interna
tional Socialist Bureau has issued a
manifesto protesting against the lynch
ing of negroes in the United States and
urging American working people "not to
permit the governing classes to divert
their attention from the social question
by encouraging racial war." The mani
festo is signed by delegates from all
countries.
Socialists Issue a Manifesto.
DENVER, Colo., ?Cov. 27.— What is
pronounced by physicians a case . of
double consciousness ha3 been brought
to public notice through a suit filed by
David Charters against '" the city of
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Nov. 27.—
The " whereabouts of a revolver be
longing -to Deputy Sheriff Vender of
San Francisco , is occupying the atten
tion* of "Warden Tompkins % and all of
the officers at y the . "penitentiary.
"Whether or not the weapon is secreted
in some one of the convicts' : cells Js.a
problem -yet unsolved. .Deputy; Sheriff
Bender , brought. a prisoner to San
Quentin . this afternoon and on going
Inside the walls with the felon, as is
a strict rule, his revolver was. left out
side the gate. Bender ; placed the
weapon In a drawer -of the j register
desk. . He, then wenUinside, turned his }
prisoner over to Captain Harrison and j
came, out /in order, to catch -the 5:10 j
bus s for , Greenbrae, en ¦ route ; to San
Francisco. ,. Upon opening . the . drawer
he' discovered .his, pistol .missing. Dili
gent '. search " and close,- Interrogation of
the prison \ officials' failed „ to telicit any ¦
information. /The ; officer: left without
his > revolver "and the' prison' attaches
are "conducting, a most- thorough inves
tigation.The . guard- In -charge of the
prison •. gate as • well as ( several of : the
"trusties," who are more or.; less.privi
leged characters around, the "front gate,
were j closely I questioned.!" Up '. to a late '
hour to-night the revolver had not been !
found. : v : :. : 5 •".¦ .. I
Special Dispatch to The Call,
¦ ¦ ¦ -. - .-.,,- . - ¦. - i
-Don't ; wait toolongr before buying your 1
wife a gas range. ?.,ThInkofth'e % time and
trouble you I save - her by /getting- It now
from ; San , Francisco .Gas ., and -. Electric
Company. 415 Post: street. . • ': •.-.
• WASHINGTON. Nov. * 27.— Henry I T. Ben
nett o£ Indiana to-day, was appointed Inspector
of surveyors general and district* land' offices. *
The Weapon Disappears
Prom Drawer of Desk
at San Quentin.
Denver Man Plaintiff
in an Interesting
Lawsuit.
During the discussion it transpired
that 300 lawsuits, brought by share
holders wishing to be relieved of their
subscriptions, were pending against
the company.
LONDON, >'ov. 27.— As a sequel to
years. of disastrous business tb.« share
holders, at a stormy meeting to-day,
decided to wind up the Lyceum Theater
Company. i 1
End of Lyceum Theater.
DEPUTY LOSES
HIS REVOLVER
FORGETS WRITING
AND SUES A CITY
Mayor to authorize a civil marriage on
the declaration of either of the con
tracting parties that they do not belong
to or separated from Catholicism.
Ccng^sss Promulgates an Important
Order Bearing on Catholic
Unions.
LIMA, Peru, Nov. 27. — The
of Peru has promulgated an additional
law bearing on Catholic marriages.
Henceforth it will be sufficient for a
MAYOR MAY DECIDE
PERU MARRIAGES
charge from the ear continues in a nor
mal way and the general condition re
mains good.
BERLIN, Nov. 27.— The statement
published by a j news agency In the
United States to-day to the effect that
Die Morgen Post had confirmed reports
that the Czarina is not suffering from
inflammation of the ear. but from the
effects of strychnine placed in the food
In the royal palace by nihilists, who
thus attempted to kill the Czar, is ab
solutely denied and Is considered pre
posterous.
Die Morgen Post merely noted the
rumors published in the Polish press
that the death of the Princess Eliza
beth, daughter. of the Grand Duke of
Hesse, was caused by the eating of dis
eased oysters. Die Morgen Post, in re
ferring to the rumor, made no mention
whatever of the Czar or the Czarina.
The following bulletin concerning the
condition of the Czarina was issued to
day: . - v
Her Majesty's temperature last even
ing was 99.14, pulse 68. The tempera
ture this morning was 98.6, pulse. 64.
Her Majesty slept well during the. night
and was free from pain. The dis-
ST. - PETERSBURG, Nov. 27.— The
Czarina's condition "causes alarm here,
as the inflammation of her ear does not
yield to treatment and It Is feared that
an operation may be necessary. The
Czar ha~j decided not to bring her to
St. Petersburg, fearing she may take
cold on the Journey, and she" will re
main at Skierniewcz, until all danger
Is passed. '**¦'
..The papers here given no details of
the Czarina's Illnes beyond the official
bulletin. V,
BUDAPEST, Nov. 27.— After a stormy
session lasting for eight and a half
hours, the lower house of the Diet to
day adopted by a large majority the
motion to hold two sessions daily. The
proposal of this motion yesterday
caused' scenes of indescribable confu
sion, the result of which was the ad
journments of the house amid scenes' of
the greatest excitement.
Hungarian Diet Decides to Hold Two
t Sessions Daily After a Stormy
*» Session.
TALK OF ADJOURNING
NEARLY CAUSES RIOT
THE CZARINA OF RUSSIA." WHOSE ILLNESS IS THE -CAUSE OF
GRAVE ANXIETY AMONG THE ROYAL FAMILY AT THE COURT OF
ST. PETERSBURG.
LONDON, Nov. 27.— W. N. MacMll
lan of St. Louis, Mo., who recently
failed in an attempt to explore the
course of the Blue Nile, has complet
ed arrangements for another expedi
tion. He starts early next week, ac
companied by Mrs. MacMillan, Lieu
tenant Colonel Harrington, the British
resident at Emperor Menelik's court,
and others, besides a big retinue of
carriers, etc. The party will embark
in launches at Khartoum and proceed
to the farthest navigable point; where
it wiJl land and continue the explora
tion in the direction of Lake Rudolph.
Mr. MacMillan expects to be absent
several months.
St. Louis Man Is Planning to Start
London on Second
Expedition. """
AMERICAN TO EXPLORE
BLUE NILE REGION
. .nd also the lodgekeeper and his wife,
who were at the scene of the accident.
The testimony will be similar to that
heretofore given in the depositions, but
the witnesses will now undergo cross
examination.
PARIS, Nov. 27.— The trial of the
Fair will case began to-day before D.
B. Eisler. the special commissioner ap
pointed by the Ne-.v York courts, who
has arrived here to take testimony. A
temporary tribunal has been estab
lished at the law offices of Valers,
Hyde & Harper. Beekman of New
York has^ reached Paris to assist on
behalf of the relatives of Mrs. Fair.
The witnesses include the doctor who
saw the Fairs soon after their death.
TRIAL FOB FAIR WILL
CASE OPENS IN PAHIS
Special Commissioner Chosen by New
York Courts Will Take Tes
timony.
heavy wearing apparel and kindred
lines that have remained dull because
of the mild -weather. Another encour
aging feature was the resumption of
work at the New York mills, although
there is still much Idle machinery,
especially In the textile and iron Indus
tries. In view of the numerous wage
reductions there is noteworthy har
mony between employers and workers,
indicating that labor leaders appreciate
the necessity of sharing in the read
justment. Grain shipments Increased
with the approaching close of naviga
tion on the lakes and freight traffic was
subjected to the greatest pressure of
the season. But there is less than the
customary complaint of delay. Rail
way earnings for three weeks of No
vember averaged 5.2 per cent larger
than last year. It Is at last possible to
perceive an improvement in the de
mand for pigiron, due to the exhaus
tion of supplies by consumers, the ex
tensive reduction in ouptut and ab
sence of further price concessions.
Failures this week numbered 253 in
the United States, against 253 last
week, and 14 In Canada, as compared
with 16 a year ago.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The fol
lowing promotlona have been made in
the office of Assistant Attorney Gen
eral Robb in the Postofflce Depart
ment: W. E. Lawrence, Vermont, As
sistant Attorney General, to succeed
George A. Christlancy. resigned; R. M.
Webster. Assistant Attorney General,
to succeed Daniel V. Miller of Indiana,
recently on trial at Cincinnati, and
William Fritzch. law clerk, vice Web
ster.
Postofflce Department Promotions.
Special Dlypatch to Tfc* CV.:.
GUAYMAS. Nov. 27.— The Barrio or
district of Salivazo in Guaymas is be
coming famous as a dueling ground
for Mexican cabelleros. who elect to
settle their disputes en the field of
honor. Two young men of the city had
b^en killed on the square in a month
and a third met a similar fate in the
yame place on Thursday night, al
though the police had been keeping
close watch on the ppot to prevent an
other trapedy.
Francisco Castro and Pablo Zam
brano, tv.-o young men of the middle
class, chose the early evening hour for
thrir mortal combat. Just exactly what
occurred may never be known, for
when the residents of the neighborhood
and officers, on hearing the shots, rush
ed to the scene, Castro was lying on
th* 5 pavement, the blood flowing from
a bullet wound in his Fide. Zambram
was standing near him like a statue,
holding a smoking revolver in his right
hand.
Castro was at once removed to the
municipal hospital, where he died.
Zambrano was immediately throvrn
into prison. Great, pressure was
brought to bear to secure, his release.
Inasmuch as it was proveii frofh a pis
tol found beside his opponent that
Zambrar.o had fought a fair fight, but
it proved of no avail. Zambrano re
alises to tell the officers how the affair
occurred or the cauFc of the quarrel
and there were no friends -or seconds
to witness the duel.
The authorities of the municipality
have issued orders to the police to keep
a constant watch over the Barrio del
Falivazo to prevent others from resort
ing to it as a dueling ground and
Zambrano v.i'.l be vigorously probecut
ed to break up the epidemic, ->f dueling,
which has swept over the city. Tha
Barrio del Salivazo is a remote section
cf the city and the spot selected is an
ideal cne.
Three Ycung Men Are Killed on the
Same Field of Honor "Within a
2£cnth and Officials Ar*
Aroused.
Mexican Authorities Are De
termined to Stop Other
Encounters.
Seasonable temperatures and holiday
purchases still help trade, making re
sults more satisfactory during the past
week than at any recent date. Im
provement was most conspicuous in
Corn exports for the \veek aggregate
1,620,941 bushels, against 1,391,625 last
wek and 255,174 a- year ago.
Business failures in the United States
for the week (five days) ending with
November- 26 number 167, against 234
last week, 1S2 In the like week of 1902.
1S9 in 1901. and 177 in 1893.
In Canada failures for the weeic num
ber 13, as compared with 16 last week
,and 16 in the like week of 1902.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ending November 26 aggre
gate 3.S71.767 bushels, against 2,974,277
last week and 4,179,685 this week last
year.
The prosperity, of the grain and food
producing populations North and West
and of the cotton, lumber and naval
stores Interests at the South is. in fact,
the chief basis for the conservative
confidence In the general business out
look- expresesd by many observers.
There are some good points even
among the Industries. Although iron
and* steel production Is limited and
shutdowns are numerous there Is a
rather better • tone, particularly to
crude Iron, .due to the growth of the
feeling, that prices are now grounding
on the bottom. Lumber is quiet for do
mestic trade, but export demands is
active. "
In wholesale trade features are the
rather stronger tone for cotton goods,
which are held- more firmly by agents,
and a little better feeling In woolen
goods. The firmness of prices of agri
cultural products was another element
which is to be taken account of. The
agricultural Interests and those Inter
ested in distributive trade seem at
present to be having their innings and
appear .well, situated, whereas the
manufacturing and industrial branches
send forth nearly all of the pessimistic
reports.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Bradstreet's
torinorrow'wili say:
Continued cold weather has offered a
needed stimulus to retail trade in all
seasonable lines, but particularly cloth
ing and wearing apparel. This In turn
is reflected In better reorder business
with Jobbers at interior centers, who
also • note more Interest in holiday
goods, fancy groceries, furs and kindred
lines.- ./...' iT?"v
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The bat
tleship Maine has suffered another in-
Jury- The Inability of the ship to make
more than twelve knots on her recent
cruise to Colon was due to an accident
to her engines., which occurred before
her departure. Four of the large en
gines* "Y's," or supports, are broken,
and It will be necessary to repair them
before it will be safe for the Maine to
increase her speed beyond twelve knots,
although the vessel's maximum speed
is eighteen knots. The Navy Depart
ment officials assert that the vessel is
in no dancer if she does not exceed
twelve knots, but it Is admitted that
only an emergency would have caused
her dispatch on such a cruise In her
present condition.
Further on, in accounting , for the
manner In which Carter obtained his
money, the statement is made, "his
father-in-law, the late Robert W. West
cott, a millionaire of New York (whom
Carter first met in Sa\-annah), gave to
Carter between 1S31 and 1897, when
Carter was accused of wrong-doing, a
considerable amount . of spending
money, with which Carter lived much
beyond his salary as captain of en
gineers.
"The . receipts which Westcott took
from Carter for those bond' are now- in
evidence, and abundant written evi
dence Is now in goins to prove that
everything spent or had in Excess of
his salary came, from Westcott as gifts
to Carter at a time whenoWestcott
never left Carter without putting his
arms about him and kissing him/'
In the first paragraph it Is stated
that it Is not a rule to discuss pending
laws with the newspapers, "but the
Government has argued its case
against Captain Carter in the news
papers for so. many years, that even
those who are inclined to-be fair are
almost convinced that Carter's case Is
hopeless, especially as they have no
Idea of what his side of the case really
Is."
Although Carter refused so long Ld he
was in prison to -give out interviews, it
was said yesterday that he had no im
mediate plans for the future beyond
devoting his time to defending hi3 claim
to the bonds which the Government
has sued to recover from him. CThat
suit, it is said, will come up in Chicago
during the January term of the United
States court.
During the afternoon Carter sat down
at a typewriter arid for two hours was
busily engaged in copying a statement
prepared for him by his attorney, H. G.
Stone of Chicago, and signed by the
attorney. When he finished he gave
copies to the press representatives pres
ent. It contains about 1600 words and
is mostly a review of his case.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 27.—
At midnight to-night Oberlln M. Car
ter, ex-captain of engineers, U. S. A.,
finished serving his term of five years
in prison, having served three years
and seven months in the Federal prison
at Fort Leavenwortb-, He will not leave
the prison until to-morrow morning at
5 o'clock, then taking a Union Pacific
train, for Kansas City, whence, it is said,
he will leave for Chicago at 7:30 o'clock
over the Santa Fe. wishing to reach
that city and spend Sunday with his
mother.
The Pope also received Senor Con
stantino Beralta, Envoy Extraordinary
of Costa Rico to the Vatican, who pre
sented his credentials. m
The Pope was interested in the par
ticulars furnished him regarding the
recent events in Colombia and Panama
and informed Senor Ponce that he had
recalled to Rome Monsignor Viva, the
Apostolic Delegate to Colombia, as he
would be included in a new movement
of papcl diplomacy. *
ROME. Nov. 27.— The Pope to-day
received in* private audience" Senor
Ponce, the Colombian Minister at Lon
don, who presented his credentials as
special envoy to the Vatican, felicitat
ing the Pontiff in the name of his Gov
ernment on his elevation to the pon
tifical throne.
Pius Tenth States Why He
Recalled the Apostolic
Delegate.
Government Suit for Bonds
r Is to Be Stoutly
Fought.
Officials Say Ship Must
Not Do More Than
Twelve Knots.
Conservative Confidence Felt
in the Commercial
Outlook.
One of the Principals
Dies and the Other
Goes to Prison.
Senor Ponce Talks of
Afiairs in South
Africa.
Four of the Big Battle
ship's Supports Are
T^t*o IfAn
Cold Weather Furnishes
: Stimulus to Retail
Businesa
Former Army Engineer
to -Leave Leaven
worth.
Empress Is Still Suffering From Inflammation
of the Ear and an Operation May Have
to Be Performed at a Very Early Day
CABALLEROS
FIGHT DUEL
IN GUAYMAS
COLOMBIAN ENVOY
VISITS THE POPE
WINTER LENDS
VIGOR TO TRADE
ANOTHER MISHAP
TO THE MAINE
ALL RUSSIA WORRIED
ABOUT THE CZARINA
CARTER'S PRISON
TERM IS ENDED
THE SA^ST FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1903.
5
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THIS IS ONE OF
A. CON AN DOTXE'S
Most Exciting Stories.
"CAPTAIN SHARKEY."
(the popularity of outdoor sports I
— —^ WAS NEVER MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY
- *' : - ¦ ' - ¦" ¦-' *_¦ ----- ¦ ¦ • ¦ *
Free Sunday ; Nov. 29, 1 903
The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times if
in giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for jj
V ' .-their exclusive use a series of art pictures which, will serve as reminders It
daring the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field. ||
..." "At Work," the title iof the next Sunday Call's off ering, is a reproduc- |
tion from an oil painting f by J.;M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of fj
dogs have never been surpassed. if
Mr. Tracy had for the subject of . this study the celebrated Llewellyn |
setter, "RuDERIGO," -who became famous in this country by his clean |j
sweep of bench and field events. n
This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point if
in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the many who love the faithful u
animal. .v • •" " - •'. • . a
"¦¦-'.' In handling, color, and action, "At Work" Is a most life-like study; a fl
picture that, -when framed, could with difficulty be distinguished from |
* the original oil painting.'-.- I ."•'- : . # H
¦ • - • : To overlook this is to miss one o f the best of the Sportsmen's Series. ||
DON'T DO IT- yORDER!TffiOIl TO-DAY. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"N OTHING but
past facts are j
• vouchers for
| the future." I
A ',
| nsrt*
,; t w&n '' '"t ¦ ttU'
I it «t f» -i ui L"wn: »i
I Open Evenings <
\ Oecember 7th to 24th !
POST & MARKET STS.
The Ever-Present Smile
Is Trora by the man whose linen
passes through our hands. t
The cause — perfect washing and
careful ironing.
Telephone call, South 418, will
put a smile on your countenance that
time can't wear off.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncc ioo4 kasket street.
N>ar Powll.
A CCBE IS 4b HOURS. ICharged With Grand I*arceny.
F. P. Skelly,- residing. at 1241 Filbert
Btreet, while , on a" Market 6treet car
yesterday was startled to find a. man
picking his pocket. Skelly did not hes
itate, but grabbed the' fellow, .who* was
given into custody. He says. his name
is William McCann. A charge of grand
larceny was entered against him. •
On Tuesday morning, December. 1,
the ladies of the San Francisco Golf
Club will hold the qualifying round,
over eighteen holes, of a competition
for the Council's cup for women. Un
less eight or more qualify for the event
the competition 'will be postponed.
Among the ladies likely to take part In
the qualifying round are Miss Edith
Chesebrough, Mrs. E. S. Miller, I Miss
Alice Hoffman, Mrs. J. R.' Clark, Mrs.
Leroy" Nickel, Miss Alice . Hager, : Mrs.
R. Gilman Brown, MissM. B. Hough
ton and Mrs. A. M. Shiels. . The . eight
ladles who qualify will take part in the
opening match play round on Wednes
day, and the. four winners will play in
the second or. semi-final round *on
Thursday, On Friday morning the final
round will be played.
On Thanksgiving^ay there were two
handicap events on the,links of the San
Rafael Golf Club.i Six ladies playedln
a woman's handicap over nine holes,
the winner being, Mrs. E. J. Hooper
with a score of 71; less 20, net '51. Mrs.
J." 1 J."* Crooks ' was second with a net
score of 57. Twelve players entered the
eighteen-hole handicap foremen, " J.7 J.
Crocks proving' the winner wltha gross
On the Presidio golf course this after
noon there will be mixed foursomes,
over eighteen holes, medal play, with
handicap, beginning at 2 o'clock. This
event was to have taken place last Sat
urday, but bad weather prevented. The
following couples have already entered
the event: Dr. and Mrs. J. R. Clark,
R. Gilman Brown and Mrs. Brown,
Miss Cheisebrough and E. R. Folger,
Miss Alice Hager and Henry M. Hoyt,
Mrs. E. S. Miller and S. L. Abbot Jr.,
Miss Alice Hoffman and J. W. Byrne,
A. M. Shiels and Mrs. Shiels. It i Is
probable that more players will pair off
this afternoon. There are several
strong pairs in the list' and a close con
test "should result.. The prizes for the
winning couple are two handsome
pewter trophies.
The tie between R. Gilman Brown,
Rolla V. Watt, Charles Page and Leon
ard \Chenpry for eighth place in the
opening match round of the competition
for the Council's cup for men of the
San Francisco Golf Club, < will be de
cided this afternoon, holes being played
until three of the four have dropped
out. The winner will take eighth place
in the Qualifying round and will play
again&t Lieutenant J. S. Oyster, 2-yo.l
being drawn against No. 6, No. 2
against No. 6, No. i against No. 7 and
No. 4 against No. 8.' The matches" in
the opening round must be completed
within one week.
There was a special meeting of bond
holders of the Olympic Club last
Wednesday night in the beautiful red
rr>om of that institution. President
William Greer Harrison surprised the
Interested parties with the announce
ment that tbe club was in a prosperous
condition and would daring the next
five years pay the bondholders 7% per
cent interest instead of I per cent, as
called for in the bonds. Mr. Harrison
said this was done in recognition of the
great kindness done the club by the
holders of bonds, who refused to accept
Interest on the bonds for five years.
Sev^n-eights of the bondholders sign
ed a paper accepting^ the offer of the
club and it was ratified at the meeting.
A vote of thanks was extended the di
rectors for their action.
Olympic Club Bonds.
Seventy-seven per cent of the women
• nd only* €2. per cent of tbe men taking
the civil service examination are able to
7&r m it-
With two clubs holding tennis tour
naments once a month each the players
are engaged in tournament play the
greater part of the time. This is un
doubtably the livllest winter in tennis
circles on record. The California Club
has taken a new lease of life and big
changes are noticeable on the grounds.
The tournnament committee, which
was recently appointed for the year, Is
doing good work and the tournaments
are being handled in an efficient man
ner. The handicapping is another mat
ter the committee gives much time to
and the results on Thursday show the
time has not been wasted. The com
mittee is composed of Frank String
ham, Will Allen and Chester Smith.
Aonother man to whom. credit is due
for the pleasing state of affairs at the
club is John Oliver, the new court
keeper. Mr. Oliver has had consider
able experience in the East and Canada
and most of the improvements are due
to him. The club is filling up rapidly
and has almost reached, Its limit, of 200
members. It is ' expected there will be
a waiting list by the first of the year.
The handicap singles tournament,
commenced on the club courts Thurs
day, was the most successful held in
years. Eight players are left to com
pete to-morrow for the four prizes.
These eight represent all the different
classes and as the handicapping has
been carefully attended to all of them
should prove close.
Joseph S. Tobin, the old-timer, was
the star on- Thursday and many pick
him td'jvin to-day. Tobln Is an easy,
graceful player. He is. not brilliant,
but uses good judgment and is as
steady as a clock. He has only a small
handicap, but will make good use of it.
The men will oppose each other as
follows: Harry Rolfe (scratch) vs. Ray
Spilvalo (scratch); Joseph S. Tobin
(owe 2-6) vs. Will Allen (owe 15); Drum
mond MacGavin (owe 15) vs. Alden
Ames (15 4-6); Herbert Schmidt (owe
1-6) vs. Charles G. Kuehn* (4-6). \
-/ Spilvalo caused quite a surprise by
the game he put up Thursday. He* Is,
however, not in as 'good - practice as
Rolfe and. the latter ought to win.
The- match between Tobin and Allen
should 'prove the | best in this round.
Many 'think Tobin would stand a good
chance of beating Allen on even terms.
The latter will allow odds of "owe 4-6.".
He has shown his ; ability to play un
der, handicap conditions' many times in
the past. Toblri beat Mitchell with the
same odds and Mitchell is considered a
better! player than; Allen. v
MacGavln should beat Ames, but will
have a hard time doing so, as the odds
allowed are liberal. The Kuehn-
"A man is well or ill as he thinks him
sal£-
Sentenced if or Burglary.
George Davis and Thomas Corcoran
appeared ' for sentence before Judge
Cook yesterday , on a charge of burg
lary. They, entered the room of Annie
Liedner;389% Fifth street, on the night
of March 1 26 and stole some of her
clothing. " Davis," who had a prior con
viction against him ; for petty larceny,
was 1 sentenced to. serve ten jears in
San Quentin, and Corcorah,\who plead
ed guilty, ,-^as sentenced to serve five
years. ''¦ , '*¦
The San Joaquin Valley about Banta
and all that district where the recent
rains have started the gras^r growing
provide feed for great numbers of
ducks. . The Chain of Lakes in Golden
Gate Park" is a favorite pasting place
for ducks at present, large numbers of
mallards being seen there.
'From all accounts the Empire ' Gun
Club men had the best of the shooting
on their Monterey preserve last Sun
day. Three hundrecPand thirty-three
birds fell to fourteen guns. J. B. Hauer
and F. Blajr Turpin secured limit bags.
Mr. Hauer's was made up of forty-five
teal, five mallards and two English
snipe. In Mr. Turpln's big string was
one spoonbill, which he says does not
count. The party at the shooting lodge
included J. B. Ha"uer, F. S. Judah, Dr.
George G. Gere, C. A. Bennett, F, Blair
Trupin, W. O. Calle.n, L. H. Allen, J.
S.'Brownell, ?«. S. Aubert, J. Peltier,
Dr. C. C. Payne, George A. Batchelder,
T. C. Van Ness Jr. and F. H. Mayer.
A much smaller party will go down
to-day. It Includes Con Roman, J. Pel
tier, Bert Patrick and Dr. Gere.
'Messrs. Judah, Sylvester and Pat
rick Bhot' over the' preserve Thanksgiv
ing day, getting fair returns. Mr. Ju
dah brought down a swan, the first
seen on the preserve.
The* Suisun marshes have yielded
poor sport recently. The same condi
tion prevails on the San Mateo marsh.
This is a favorite place for the unat
tached gunmen, as it is easy of access
by the electric cars.
A. F. Hopke, C. C. McJiahon and
Captain Stinson ; will shoot over th£
Field and : Tule Club . preserve to-mor
row. Otto Feudner. and - two friends
will. visit": the Stewart .pond, which in
variably affords rare sport.
The owners of "duck shooting pre
serves are having poor spor? on the
marshes at present, the birds having
disappeared from their usual haunts.
There is said not to be: a duck in sight
at present on the Alameda marsh.
Out at the Presidio they have a ball
team that is alleged to be one of the
best ever seen in these parts ' and Manr
ager Joe Wagner says he will play any
of -them for $1000 a .side. Wagner's
bunch has nailed everything that has
shown so far and so decisively that the
team is in a class by. itself.
Last ; night the .warrior ball tossers
left for a two days' trip to Monterey,
wh,ere they will endeavor to scalp a
couple of crack military nines. on the
field at 'the. Hotel Del Monte.' The of
ficers around Monterey . barracks N .wlll
make the affair a society function and
when' the two 'rival 5 organizations .mix
Iton the diamond .to-day and to-mor
row the -elect and select of the army
circles will be: there to yell; and cheer
for the men who, can play ball as well
as they can fight.
and net. score of . 102. R. ; J. Davig, also
playing from ' scratch, ;. was second with
a gross and- net scoreof 104." The win^
ners in bothevents received prizes.
When the last man is put out in to
morrow's game the curtain* ' .will be
rung down on bas'eball in this city for
a period of four months, during which
time- the admirers of the national pas
time will have an opportunity to cease
worrying about the fate of the home
team and sit about tbe family fireside
and tell of the way Pat Meany was
wont to line 'em out or how Doc New
ton often tossed the leather over the
rubber at breakneck speed.
The managers of the various teams
will immediately proceed to get busy
signing up likely talent for the season
of 1904. They- will have to do some
lively hustling,. for with six clubs in
the Pacific Coast League there is need
of good men, far better than many al
leged stars who have performed in this
organization this year, taking money,
under false pretenses. . • "
As usual, -each magnate vows his
team will be one something after the
plan of Jimmy Collins' Boston Ameri
can League bunch. We will hearfhow
Mr. So-and-so has been signed at a
fancy salary and, of course, when he
arrives here nine times out of ten he
proves a gilded bar and not a ball
player at all.
If we do not have a good ball team
in San Francisco next year we will at
least have a swell ball" park. The re
cent gentle raindrops which have fall
en on the grass at Recreation Park
have brought forth a. beautiful crop of
real verdure. With a little * fixing and
a long rest -the Eighth-street diamond
will be one of beauty as \ve\\ as of ser
vice.
Commissioner Hart North. Returns
From Washington With a Crop
of New Ideas.
2STEW IMMIGBANT STATION
PBOPOSED FOB THIS POST
United States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North returned yesterday
from Washington, where he had been at
tending a convention of immigrant com
missioners assembled to discuss ways
and means for the Improvement of the
service. The convention was brought to
an abrupt termination by the seizure of
Commissioner General Frank P. Sargent
with a stroke of apoplexy.
Hr.. North visited the Federal immi
grant stations at New York, Boston,
Winnipeg, Vancouver and Montreal to
ctudy the system of management at
those points. In response to the Joint
recommendation of Messrs. North and
Eargent, Senator Perkins has introduced
a bill in Congress to appropriate $200,000
for the erection of a,Federal immigrant
station on Ansel Island, and Mr. North
believes that the bill will certainly be
adopted. Included in the items of ex
pense are a wharf end a separate station
on the island for Chinese immigrants.
NINETY-SIX DOGS ENTERED.
Ingleside Coursing Park Stake At
tracts Some High-Class Hounds.
The stake at Ingleside Coursing Park
this week attracted an entry of nlnety-
Blx greyhounds. The first pair of dogs
will be^ slipped to-day at 11:30. The
coursing will be resumed tomorrow.
The total prize money Is $830. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
NInety-elx doe cpen stake — Firm Fellow vs.
Dorothy M; Monbells vs. Loretta; Dartaway
vs. Blikijou; Gold Uly vs. Little Plunger;
Linda Vista vs. Boots: Equator vs. Yellow
tall; Adonis vs. Mellinwood; Doreen vs. Maid
of the Glen; Yankee Boy vs. Orslna: Bril
liancy vs. Pasha Pleasant: R^mlswo Anlrao vs.
Free Born; Black Coon vs. The Referee; Free
From Flaw vs. Sofala; Ruby Sankey vs. Jerry
Wright- Tralee Lass vs. Nlobe: Liberator vs."
Cloverdale; Conroy vs. Shadow; Laughing
Water vs. High Born; Young Fearless vs. Doc
Burns; Silver Cloud vs. Rose Tree; Master
Clalr vs. Jingle Bells; PepDer Hill vs. Rock
and Rye; Reta. S vs. Colored Lady: Bonnie
Huehle vs. Cremo; Little Lucy vs. Renegade
Apache; Rarffed Actor vs. Meddlesome;' Miss
Green vs. Queen's Motto; Hurry On vs. Lulu
Girl; Duhallow vs. Klttleman; Don Pedro vs.
Articulate; Advance Guard vs. Haphazard;
Young Klamath vs. Good Decision; Daylight
vs. Comique; Clobefell vs. Little Sister; Irving
ton Tralee vs. Special; Menlo Prince vs. Slieve
natnon; Lord Granard ve. Glaucus; Wedge
wood -v». Northern Alarm: Roy Hughle vs.
Luxury; Braw's Hill v«. Old Ironsides;- Jimmy
Anthony vs. Mollle Me; Otto vs. Rural Artist;
General Dewet vs. White Stockings; Agitator
vs. Anchor: Reckless Acrobat vs.- Money Musk;
Ragtime vs. Una ; Idleness vs. Belfast; Pure
Pearl \-s. Prometheus. -»
The likely winners look to- be:
Firm Fellow, Loretta. Slskl you. Gold Lily.
Boots. Equator, Adonis, Doreen, Orslna, Pasha
Pleasant. Free • Born'. - The Referee. 66faia,
Rubr Sankey. Nlobe,' ClovenSale, Conroy.
lAu^hinK Water, Doc Burns.- Silver Cloud,
Jingle Bells, Pepper Hill, Ueta 8, Bonnie
Hughle. Renegade imche. Rag-red Actor,
Queen" « Motto. Lulu Girl,'- Duhallow, Articu
late. Haphazard. Young: Klamath, ¦ Comlque/
Clobefell. Si>ecial. Menlo Prince. Glaucus,
Wodyewood, Roy Hughle. Braw*s Hill, MoIIie
Me. \Otto. General Dewet, Agitator, .. Money
Musk, . Una, Belfast, Pure Pearl.
In the mixed doubles tournament on
Thursday two of the women players
showed up particularly strong. Theyl
are Miss, Hazel Hotchkiss and Miss
Ethel Ratcllffe, both of Berkeley. They
have improved ; , wonderfully, In. the last
year and if their improvenent is kept
up the north may hope to niake at least
a good showing against the famous
Suttons when they come hire again.
Schmidt match will probably be close.
If Schmidt plays a steady game he will
win, but if he is wild Kuehr>, who
makes few errors, will beat him. r
Play will commence to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock. The final match
will be played at 2:30. The four reach
ing the semi-finals will receive prizes.
But little of the first and fourth
classes were played at the park last
Sunday on account of the -rain. The
park players have decided to postpone
their matches a week, owing . to the
fact that Allen and MacGavln. two of
the best men in the first class, will be
engaged at the California Club courts
to-morrow. The first class willgo over
until a week from to-morrow. The
fourth class will probably be finished
to-day.
The return match between the Oak
land and the San Francisco bowlers
last Thursday was a marked success.
San Francisco won again, but by a_
small margin. The home men did not
put In their strongest sixteen, but the
second sixteen proved Just strong
enough to beat out Oakland's sixteen
players. The latter showed great im
provement over their play of a few
weeks ago. It is the Intention of the
two clubs to hold many interclub meet
ings in the future.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Scotish Bowling Club will be held
next Thursday, when an election of of
ficers for the ensuing year will take
place. Arrangements will also be made
for another tournament. As the one
now all but finished is a single, prob
ably some other form of play will be
indulged In, either two or four on a
side.
The tournament that has been in
progress for several months will be
completed to-day, when the final match
will be played in Golden Gate Park.
The contestants will be James Gray
and J. C. Mofflt. Each has gone through
his half of the tournament cleverly and
the experts look for a close struggle.
It Will Possibly Be for Teams of
Either Two or Four /vg
Men.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS PLAN
ANOTHER BIG TOURNAMENT
Interesting Matches for Men
and Women on the Cards
for the i Coming Week
Curtain Rings Down on
the Present Baseball Sea
son Tc-Morrbw Afternoon
Owners of Preserves on the
Marshes of Alameda and
Suisun Have Poor Sport
With Two Clubs Promoting
Matches Devotees Are Kept
in Action on the Courts
DUCKS DEPART
FROM THEIR
KNOWN HAUNTS
GOLFERS FIND
COMPETITION
AT PRESIDIO
BALL CRANKS
'WILL HAVE A
NEEDED REST
•3 PLAY°HOLDS
TENNIS- MEN
PVrTTRH rpttpr STYLISH SERGEANT OWNED BY JOHN RIPLINGER OF SEATTLE. A^D PRONOUNCED THE VlNEST HEADED DOG OF HJS
TYPE^ THE WORLE TtO BE ? SHOWN NEXT WEEK IN MECHANICS' PAVILION. WITH HIS TWO KERNEL MS)TES. CHAMPION^ERA
CHAMPION ELLOREE. BOTH DOGS OF MARKED CLASS. •
scottish thistl% club
nominat^h officers
Annual Hogmanay Supper and Ball
Is to Be Held Next Month in
Native Sons' Hall.
At the last regular meeting of the
Scottish ThirUe Club^ th<£_ following :
nominations of officers^to serve for the
ensuing term were mad^.
Royal chief, George W. Paterson;
chieftain, George Dow: recorder, Alex
E. Car"sle. J. McQueen, Thomas C.
Hunter and John Hannay; treasurer,
John Ross; financial secretary, James
Tod; sergeant at jirmB, William Crys
tal; property man and librarian, J. W.
Davidson and A. F. Duffs trustees,
Robert H. Murray, Walter C. Campbell,
Thomas Hunter and Thomas Christie.
It was decided to hold ths Hogmanay
supper and ball in Native Son*' Hall
on Thursday evening, Decerfcoer 3L The
following committee was appointed to
arrange the affair:
George W. Miller, George W. Pater
pon. William Shepherd, John Bj*ss,
James Tod, J. H. McGregor, J. H. Me-
Innes, John Donaldson,, John Hannay
and William Crystal.
Retiring Chief George W. Miller, will
receive a gold watch, and Treasurer
John Ross is to be presented with a
diamond locket. David Toung, William
Crystal, J. W. Davidson, George Dow
and Alex Nicholson were appointed &
committee to secure the presentations.
Thursday. He *.vas followed yesterday
by Blake and Smith of Montana with
JJieir string. Among them are Northern
Express and Celtic, two oi the crack
greyhounds of the middle West. .
The firm via unfortunate in i jslng
their dog Confidence recently at Okla
homa. He met Quicksand In the declar
ing course of a "stake. TT'hen the hare
\sas about to escape some bystander
threw © r.Mck at it. The missile hit the
dog instead of the hare, causing injur
ies which it died.
E. M; Kellogg of Iowa will Btact for
this city on Monday with Joe Casha,
Frisco and other fliers.
As all these men are particularly anx
ious to start representatives for the.
John Grace challenge cup, the date for
its running has been put oft! one week.
It will be run at Union Park on De
cember 12 and 13 and will mark the re
opening of the San Mateo County Park.
A special meeting of the. Interstate
Coursing Club, under whose auspices
the stake Is run annually, will be held
at Pythian Castle on Tuesday evening.
At this meeting all details of prizes
and other conditions covering the cup
contest will be decided upon. ' -
In addition to the loss of. Confidence
Blake and. Smith have also lost -the
English dog Parton. Heart disease
carried him off. He was one of the best
bred dogs in this country.
# The coursing men of England are
deeply interested in a sporting match
made by the Duke of Leeds and Lord
Sefton, two of the most prominent pa
trons of the sport in the United King
dom. Two puppies from their powerful
kennels were matched for a $500 trophy
last spring, but. the Duke of Leeds'
representative went amiss. The match
was then declared oft* by mutual con
sent. New conditions govern the pres
ent match. Each owner is allowed to
run the pick of his kennel whether it
be a puppy or an aged greyhound. The
contest is limited to one course.
* Coursing will be resumed at Stock
ton to-morrow and will be continued
throughout the winter.
Lovers of sporting dogs have a re re
treat in store for them next week at
the show in Mechanics' Pavilion under
the Joint auspices of the Oakland Poul
try Association, Pacific Collie and Old
English Sheep Dog Club and the San
Francisco Cat Club.
A*iOng the entries are what a^e pro
r.ounced the best three English setters
in all America. They are from the ex
tensive kennels of John P t «plinger of
Seattle, a sportsman whose ambition
it has been to own the best of the class
cr.d to preserve the type, which was in
danger of deterioration.
The pick of the trio is the three-year
old Blue Beltoii, Stylish Sergeant i by
Champion ilallwyid Prince-Champion
Ftyllsh Bella. This is pronounced the
best headed English setter living. His
best wlrtiincs on the bench in America
are firsts in Philadelphia, Boston. Chi
cago. WIss?ken and Spokane. In the
latter city ne also won the prize for
the best dog in the shew.; Since com
ing to America he has beates Champion
Gilhooley. Champion Bracken O'Leek,
Pride's Deceit, Snppshot, Rocker's Lad
die. Mallwyrd Edward. RCal John and
Champion Count Rego. e "
With him r.re Champioa Pera, a
white and black settfr, winder of thir
ty-one prizes, a~d Champion Elloree, a
black, white and tan winner 65 twen
ty-eight prizes. The latter is said to
be the best English Better show dog
ever bred in AmYrica. The dogs were
entered in the show by PW1 Wand a'
this city, an intimate friend of Mr.
Rlplinger. * a * S
In addition to these dog£. which will
be a miniature show inj themselves,
the various other breeds seen at repre
sentative 6hi>tvs will be on exhibition.
To give a heaping measure the poul
try show and the cat show will each
be up to a high standard.^ All the frigs
will be judged by James^Cole of Kan:
eas City. Mrs. Rlger Stone of Chicago
will allot the awards to the cats. The
poultry will be Judged^by Hei^ry Ber
rar. L. N. Cobbledick, *C G.jHInds and
S. Tyler.
The show will open on Dergunber 1
end will, cor Mnue until Saturday night.
It is the first big exhibition of poul
try seen in this city in man;© years.
Poultry, Dog and Cat Show
at Mechanics' Pavilion
Attracts a Big Entry
Special Meeting of Inter-
State Club Is Called to
Arrange for Rich Stake
The invasion of the coursing fields of
California by Eastern leashmen and
their greyhounds has set in in earnest.
Peter Olma. having in charge el-ght
greyhounds from the kennel of Cecil
Lyoti of Sherman, Tex., arrived on
Best Three of Their Class
in America Are Expected
to Create a Sensation
Strong Kennels Will Soon
Oppose the Crack Repre
sentatives of the Coast
) Three matches will be pla%& d to-mor
row fojr-the championship of the Cal
ifornia Association Football League.
At 11 a. m. the Thistle team will meet
the Occidental club representatives on
the Presidio athletic • grounds. San
Francisco. J. D. Robertson will act as
referee. At 2:30 in the afternoon the
Albion Rovers will begin the match
against the Pickwick team at Idora
Park, Oakland, C. W. Irish being the
referee. Also at 2:30 p. m. the Vam
pires and Independents wjll kick off on
the grounds -at Webster street. Ala
meda, ,Arthu* Robinson being the ref-
The wearers of the white thistle on
the blue Jersey will be Lowe, goalkeep
er; Tierney, left back; Forrest, right
back; Duncan, left halfback; Taylor,
center halfback; Rlntoul. right half
back; Smith, outside left; R. Disher.
inside left; A. Disher. center forward;
F. Disher, inside right, and Lydon, out
side right.
The Occidental eleven will be made
up of Chiver8, goalkeeper; Evans, left
back; McCarty, right back; Lloyd, left
halfback; Bowden, center halfback;
Higgins, right halfback; F. Holland,
outside left; Condon, inside left; V.
Holland, center forward; Lydon, inside
right; Smith, outside right.
The Albion Rovers will be represent
ed by McPherson, goalkeeper; Lancas
ter, left back; Bayne, righ;/*jack; Mat
theson, left halfback; Robertson, cen
ter halfback; McDermid. right half
back; Churchill, outside left; E. Orton,
Inside left; Glllchrest, center forward;
Duquesne, inside right; . Bradley, out
aide right.
The Pickwick eleven will line up in
the following positions: Rushton, goal
keeper; Furber, left back; Wardlaw,
right back; Field, left halfback; Shed
don, center halfback; Warren, right
halfback; Milne, outside left; Gracie.
inside left; Conception, center forward;
Walters, inside right; Robertson, out
side right. (^)
The Vampire team will consist of
Airth. goalkeeper; Petersen, left back;
Martin, right back; Langdale, left half
back; Glarner, center halfback; Har
wood, right halfback; Robertson, out
side left; R. H. Turner, inside left:
Kay, center forward; Weaver, inside
right; Showell, outside right.
The Independent eleven will occupy
the following positions: Antrobus, goal
keeper; Armstrong, left back; A.
Smith, right back; Owens, left half
back; Walsh, center halfback; E. Fay,
right halfback; Ellis, outside left; T.
Fay, inside left; Watts, center for
ward; Quinn, inside right; R. Russell,
outside right.
The Thistle eleven has consented to
play over the match against the Oak
land Hornets, which was declared for
feited to the Thistles by Referee C. XV.
Irish on the 22d inst. at Idora Park,
Oakland, because the ground, which
is the home one of the Hornets, was
not in proper order for play. The
match will take place on some day in
February next. This is generous and
sportsmanlike, as the Thistles won the
game played at Idora Park 2 goals
to 1 and could claim a victory on two
grounds.
Three Football Games Are
Scheduled for To- Morrow
on Both Sides of the Bay
Thistles Agree to Replay
the Match Forfeited to
; Them by ; ',tie Hornets
PRIZE WINNING
SETTERS TO BE
BENCHED HERE
GREYHOUNDS ."
OF THE EAST
ARRIVE-HERE
ASSOCIATION
ELEVENS ON
MANY FIELDS
FAMOUS SETTERS FOR THE BENCH SHOW
THE SAN II? A1S CISCO CALL, SATURDAY! KOVEMBER 28,- 1903.
6The Pacific Cricket Club is the first
to prepare the batting and bowling
averages of its members for the season
of 1903. The officers of the club are:
Captain John Metcalfe, president; W.
Balnaves and J. H. Harbour, vice pres
idents; A. W. .Wilding, secretary and
treasurer; H. C. Casldy, captain.
During the season that ended last
month the Pacific Club played twelve
matches for the championship, winning
four, losing seven ' andS drawing otle,
giving a percentage of .37. Of these
twelve - matches five Vere played
against the Alameda Club, five against
the ' San Francisco County Club and
two' against the Santa Cruz Country
Club. Of the five played against the
Alameda Club two were won and three
lost; of the five pl/yed against the San
Francisco team four were lost
and one drawn, while both the matches
against the Santa- CruSs Country Club
were won. The batting and bowling
averages for the season are shown ln
the tables: . :./;:;>
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— BATTING AVER
AGE* 3 FOR i»03..
p ~ I i ! IT"
•8 t o » . g
BATSMAN. : o ~ g ;
: f ? I \ *
E. T. L*nffdal»....l* 0 1 36 ie2 20.23
A. XV. WJldlng 15 1 61 25? 19.00
H. R. Roberta 2 0 25 2,. 1 14. CO
H. D. Bowly.. 5 1 *30 54 13.50
H. C. Casldy 16 8 SO 163 12.53
W. Jamleson 10 J »27 101 11.23
W. Petherlck 16 2 2C 149 10.64
B. H. M. Lannowe.. 15 1 S3 143 10.21
T. W. Tetley 4 0 2S 39 ».75
C. C. T. WUllair^on. 10 L 1 25 73 8.11
P. Ilennlon ........ 11 0 i^ 8-3 8.00
O. N. Taylor 10 « 1 *2O 104 6.93
G. Wiseman 2 1 *8 0 6.00
J. J. Theobald...... 9 3 8 81 6.16
H. N. BtoiTS 6 2 7 IS 4.60
W. G. Fortmann.... "7 1 14 24 4. CO
C. W. Johr-on. 2 1 »1 1 1.C0
John Myenk 1 0 23 S3 0.00
H. G.' J4>cartney.... 1 0 28 23 0.00
I* W. Robltallle.... 11 2 2 0.00
H. O. Watson 1 1 t 0 O.CO
V.- J»^ileson 1 0 7' 7. 0.00
•Not out. I ~ ~ ~~"
PACIFIC- CRICKET CLUB— BOWLING AV-
ERAQE3 FOR 1903.
BOWLER. » ¦ S 2 ,1 S" 2 ""
: , g : s b . J?
5^- j? e £ er /S k 859 ~^ 160 ~16~ 10.C0
H. C. Casldy 709 23 827 32 10.22
O. N. Taylor 824 2« 347 2S 12 39
S *lv T i w il»an>«on 324 14 107 8 13.*37
H. N. Storrs 36 O 14 l 14 nn
F. Bennlon 373 8 132 10 UM
\v. G. Fortmann.. -819 15 148 8 18.50
W. JamJeson ISO 2 111 6 18.50
E. H. M. Lannowe. 342 8 1«6 9 20 66
Interesting Table Shows the
Work of the Bowlers
Jot Same Organization
L«ngdale Leads ' All of the
Batsmen of the Pacific
Club for This Season
FIGURES SHOW
THE STANDING
OF CRICKETERS
. "Pop, what Is an assassin band?" "An
assassin band, my son; is one which
murders good music." — Yonkers States
man. v '
WOODLAND, Nov. 27.— The final
league game for the football cham
pionship of the Sacramento Valley In
tercholastic League Association was
played here Thanksgiving day, between
Auburn and Woodland high school
teams. There was a big crowd and a
fine game. Neither side scored.
Football Teams Fail to Score.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 27.— The San Jose
Social and Athletic Club was Incorpo
rated here to-day. Its objects are to
establish and maintain a gymnasium,
provide entertainment for its members
and to encourage sports of all kinds.
This city Is the place of business and
the life of the corporation Is to be fifty
years. The directors are John Hoole,
M. G. Vasey, Charles Parker, G. I* Hol
tum and A. R." Warthen, all of San
Jose. It Is reported that the athletic
club will hold a number of boxing con
tests.
New Athletic Club Incorporates.
The polo season opened with a rush
on Thanksgiving day at Burllngame
Country Club. Games will be played
hereafter* twice a week until next
spring, when play will close with the
cup matches. mOfe
The second game of the season will
be played to-morrow afternoon on the
club field. The team* will line up:
Reds — T. A. Drlscoll. R. M. Tobln, J.
O. Tobln and E. W. Howard; Whites —
F. J. Carolan. I* McCreery, W. Mc-
Creery and C. Dunphy. The player3
are all unusually well mounted this
season, but are on the lookout for good
ponies.
The hunting season with the San Ma
teo draghounds will open shortly.
Huntsman Jerry Keating Is keeping
the pack ln regular exercise under the
watchful eyes of the master, Francis
J. Carolan. The members complain of
a lack of available hunters. This
should be easily remedied, as high
class hunters are to be had readily in
the EastI This class was unusually
strong at the ' New York horse show,
hunters for all weights being shown on
the tanbark and over the Jumps. Mr.
Cardan's Merry Boy and other hunters
are being prepared for the season.
Play Is Fast and Gives Promise of
Exciting Sport During the
Winter.
F0L0 SEASON STARTS
UNDER GOOD AUSPICES
STOCKTON, Nov. 27.— The bodies of
George Heimann Jr. and Fred Davis,
the two boys who wenO hunting
Wednesday porning but failed to re
turn, have been found. The bodies were
found this morning by B. S. Davis,
father of one of the unfortunate boys,
and Sheriff Sibley. They" were found
near the Dow Smith camp. Just below
the Oakland ranch dairy. The Heimann
boy wr.9 a son of George Heimann and
a student at the local High School. The
Davis lad was employed at the Wave
candy store. The young men started
hunting Wednesday morning and pro
ceeded down the north bank of the
channel on foot to-ithe landing opposite
the head of Rough and Ready Island,
where they borrowed a boat from an
arkman. That was the last seen of
them alive. When the boys failed to
return late Wednesday night the
parents became anxious, and a. search-
Ing party headed by Sheriff Sibley was
sent out. At Wakefleld a little girl was
found who stated that she had seen an
empty boat floating by. O
The boys had rowed the boat up the
Calaveras" River nearly two miles from
its mouth and had there evidently cap
sized it while shooting. Both bodies
were in shallow water, but were lying
on the bottom of the stream.' The hat
of one of the unfortunate young men
was found fast in some bushes and di
rected the searchers to the bodies. i
Bodies of Two Stockton
Boys Recovered by
Searchers.-
YOUNG HUNTERS
FOUND DROWNED
Plerpont Ordway outpointed John
Quincy Adams in a four-round mix-up.
Both men wanted to quit and stalled
about the ring till some one proposed
throwing a few soda bottles. Then
they did a little better, but not good
enough to make a fight out of the af
fair. Ordway won by doing most of
the rushing in the last two rounds.
Billy Donahue started off well In his
go with Jack Burke, but suddenly
Burke landed a wallop ln the region of
Donahue's stomach. Then the poor
fellow who was hit became offended
and walked away to the other end of
the ring, where he received a second
clout, this time on the Jaw. He told
the referee it was all right,' so in order
to accommodate him the bout was
stopped.
George Larkin gave Jack Nolan such
a beating in one round that the ref
eree called it off, as Nolan was all in.
Charles McChesney and George Henry
fought four great rounds as a curtain
raiser. Henry won because McChesney
could not stand the gaff.
ORDWAY OUTPOINTS ADAMS.
The bout^yhich preceded the prand
event lasted just about half a minute.
The opponents were Charles Augustus,
the cyclone, and Al Smith, the Her
cules. Hercules started in to cop hla
man ln a round or so, but Cyclone wal
loped him one ln the solar plexus and
poor Hercules went to the mat, stay
ing there for about five minutes.
Mlke^ynfy, the Greek, -won the de
cision over Charles Arthur of Los An
geles after four rounds of weird going.
Synfy had little regard for Arthur's
handsome visage and kept poking his
left there till the latter began to feel
ill. Once Arthur rallied and hit Synfy
a punch and for doing this the gallery
gods wanted to tout the Judges into
giving him the decision.
j Around the ring they went, nor did
ihey have any consideration for the
comfort of the onlookers. Every min
ute or so the gladiators burst through,
the ropes ,and fell in a heap on some
unfortunate who was not active
enough make a getaway. This sort of
thing kept right on for the entire four
rounds and the only time it varied was
when the principals became tired of
hitting at themselves and varied the
.monotony by making a pass or two at
Referee Greggains. They always land
ed on such occasions.
ROTJGH HOTJS£ TACTICS.
Sullivan was also a big fellow, but
not so pronounced as his opponent,
When the gong sounded the bouncer
made a rush at his man and every one
In the. Jiouse felt sorry for poor Sulli
van". But somehow or other he man
aged to sidestep, and then began to
mr;il the pride of the City Front Fed
eration.
There have been tame battles and
gory battles and funny battles fought
in the little arena of the San Francisco
Athletic Club, but Manager Greggains
promoted a fight last night that was
absolutely the funniest thing that ever
came off inside any roped ring. The
performers were heavy-weights as far
as weight counted, but ln actual knowl
edge of the game they were real
tramps.
John King was the chief attraction,
and for an opponent he had Oliver Sul
livan, reputed to have arrived recently
from Gotham. Sullivan won a mile,
simply because King could not fight
with his fists, although he might have
been a wonder at the game if the
French rules were ln vogue on Sixth
street.
King has a lengthy record as a
bouncer In a sailors' boarding-house on
the water front and when he loomed
up in the ring the spectators thought
they beheld the coming wonder of the
age. He was at least six feet two and
weighed 400 pounds on an honest scale.
His legs were more like beer kegs than
anything else and his mitts were bo big
that the master of ceremonies was
forced to senc out for a special pair of
gloves in order that the fight might
go on. '^J
Cyclone Slugger Settles a
Hercules With One Hard
Punch in the Solar Plexus
t w r
Water Front Bouncer Shows
His Ignorance of the
HEAVYWEIGHTS
ROLL AROUND
ROPED ARENA
i First race — Futurity course: three-year-olds
and up; selling.
-M22 'Gawalne <M. E. Cotton). .(.... 90
,4126 Socialist (D. McKenzle) .......107
KJ5T» Yellowstone (TV. P. Fine) ....... .107
6354 •Handpress (Majrane & Co.). ...... ..102
MOO Educate (C. W. -Chappellc). ;....*... .'.104
0336 Mike Murnhjr (Jamea Nell) 101
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Perhaps, you should not play • poker,
but If you do we have the cards and
chips (loose or put up In elegant cases),
that will make the game a pleasure; also
plain and. fancy dice, game counters,
tally cards, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co.," 741
Market street* ¦ v-~ • *
NEW ORLEANS,' Nov. 27.—Sum
mary:
First race, five and a half.fuxlongs—
Sweet Nell won,. Josftte; second, PMlly
Deck thlrdV Time, 1:08 3-5.
Meeting at Crescent City Track Is in
Full Swing.
RACINO AT NEW ORLEANS.
FSOBABZiS W1HHBBS.
Pirst race— Mafame Bishop, Hand-
Dreos, Our Pride. ' - ¦ <-f:
Second race— Bear Catcher, Cascine.
U TMrd xaca Glendennlnr* Water
power, > PicJcaway. . - . • '
Fonrtli race— Colonel Van, Heather
Honey. Tne Iiedaean. - A
Fifth race— Hasreroon, Yellow Tail,
Xihtar.
Sixth race — Dainty, Bracrff. Horatins.
"We have completed a trip over our
line, and find the work just completed
and the new road in 'general more im
pressive , than any, of us expected. We
are highly gratified,, and the officers
and their employes deserve great credit
for their masterly efforts."
RENO, Nov., Nov. 27.— President Har
riman of the Southern Pacific and par
ty, who arrived here to-night from a
trip of Inspection over the line between
Omaha and Reno, including the great
cut-off across Salt Lake, sent the fol
lowing telegram to. the board of direct
ors in New York:
Telegraphs to Soard of Directors That
Road Is in Highly Satisfactory
• Condition.
HARRIMAN COMPLETES
INSPECTION OF NEW W0BK
PLAY ELEVEN INNINGS.
TJrapire Levy's Dscision Gives Sacra
mento Game to Portland.
SACRAMEXTO, Nov. 27.— It took
eleven Innings of fast ball to decide the
contest between the Portland Browns
ard the Senators this afternoon. The
came then went to Portland on a poor
decision by Umpire Levy on Doyle's
daring steal of third base In the tenth
Inning. He declared the runner out,
although he wcf not touched by the
third baseman. McLaughlin's single
Tvould have scored Doyle and won the
game*- Score:
Fscraironto — 1 Portland —
AB. R. II. P. A.j AB. n. H. P.A.
rvrle, cf 5 0 3 6 0 VnBrn.cf 5 0 13 0
t!idbnd.If 3 12 4 ©Fr'mn.lb 5 1 0 16 0
MXhln.rf4 12 1 O.Thlman.p 5 12 0 4
<*»">}•. "1> 4 0 0 3 4'A'<lrsn.2b .*. 0 1 l c,
Ecan. M- 4 0 2 1 2!HK«T\th.s 4 0 12 3
Hhehn.nb 5 O O O TIXMeau.lf 4 0 1 4 O
Knell, lb 4 O « 13 0 rr - ncis3b 3 113 2
llfEan, c 4 0 0 2 0 Butler.rf 4 0 12 0
Keefe, p. 4 0 0 0 3 Clark c. 4 0 1 2 3
Totc'.s.S; 2 9 30 10 Totals. 39 3 9 S3 18
WWS AND HITS BV JXNINGS.
6arrem<>nto .o 01 001-0000 0 — 2
n-i— • hfts..l 111 110102 0 — 9
IVrtUnd 1 1 OOOOOttOO 1—3
Base bits.. 3 102000001 2—9
SUMMARY. /
Stolen fcaec* — Doyle. Hildc-brand. McLauch
lin. Casey. Krror — Kgan. Three-bane hitu —
TranciF, Thielinan. Sacrifice hits — McLaugh
lln. Hlldpbrand.- First base on errors — Port
land. 1. First base on called balls — Oil Keefe,
] : off Thlelman. :!. l^cft on baws — Sacramento,
7: Portland. 7. Struck out— By Keefe, 1; bjr
Ttilctei&n. 2. Double plays — Anderson to IIol
l:nt> worth to Freeman; Casey to Hogan.
J atiw-d ball— Clark. Wild i>itche»— Thlelman,
2. Time cf came— 2 hours. Umpire — Le\-y.
Death of Samuel B. Crockett
SEATTLE, Nov. 27. — Samuel B.
Crockett, one of the first settlers of the
Puget ScriKid country, died at his home
In Kent, to-day, aged 84 years. He
crossed the plains ln 1S44, settling first
In Oregon and moved to the Sound
country in 1845. He took up one of the
first donation claims on Whidby Island
and built two blockhouses that still
stand. He built the first grist mill ln
this section. He was a member of the
Territorial Legislature In 1857.
Keene Horses Coming Home.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— Five of the
licrfes of the Keen stable. Cap and
I ? .ells. Dalesman II, Dazzling. Hurst
Park II and Out of Reach, left New
market to-day for the United ,States.
The rest of the stable will be sold at
Tattereall's December 8.
NAPA. Nov. 27. — The preliminary examina
tion of James Wilson and XV. D. Omara. ac
cused of having broken into the Southern Pa
c-iflc warehouse at Napa Junction, £vas he)i
before Justice Palmer to-day and the prison
ers were held to answer before the Superior
Court.
Second race, six furlongs, selling-
Julia Junkin won, Spec second, Eliza
Cook third. ; Time, 1:02-5.
Third race, one mile, selling— Athola
won, Noweta second. Bard of Avon
third. Time, 1:43.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs
— 9ypriane won, Annie Max second.
Ethics third. Time, 1:28 3-5."
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs-
Dutiful won, Soldier of Fortune second.
Ralph Young third. Time, 1:22 2-5.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles
—Little Scout won, Potheen second,
Captain Gaston third. Time, 1:49 2-5.
WASHINGTON, Nov/ 27.— Bennings
summary:
First race, six furlongs— Demurrer
won, Blue and Orange second, Many
Thanks third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, five furlongs— Fort Hun
ter won, Ga'nagogue second, Blythe
ness third. . Time, 1 :00 4-5.
Third race, seven furlongs— Monster
won, Miss Melton second, Gay Lizzette
third. Tim9, 1:29 2-5.
Fourth~"race. mile and sixty yards—
The Guardsman won, Monograph sec
ond. Rightful third. Time, 1:45 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Pittacus
won, Mlladi Love^ second, Harrison
third. Time, 1:29 2-5.
Sixth race, handicap, one and an
eighth miles— Sam Craig won. River
Pirate second, Highlander third. .Time,
1:58 3-6. . .-
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up: Rplllngr.
5371 Illowaho (Cappa & Co.)....... ..100
63SS •The I>edaean (Boots & Hollenbeck).. 08
6335 Bill Massle (J. J. MeAIester) 1KI
53.X1 Rosarle (C. "W. Chappolle) 100
5.120 Heather Honey (A. Leach) 0.1
K5C0 •Silurian (lyemasney Bros.) .....102
KICfl 'I-aey Crawford (B. Schrelber) ........ ft.T
rww 'Pluck (M. J. Daly)...'.... 1 8G
4S07 'Forest King (S. Jones).... ,. 85»
5317 Huntressa (C. Henshall) 1.1WI
KMM-.'UUruda (Kirk & Co^. \ fl5
5370" Colonel Van (D. J. Fountain) .100
Fifth race— Six and a half furlones; three
year-olds and up: handicap.
K13» Tshtar (A. Josephs) ... •••••• »»•>
5345 Yellowtall (Captain Hackett) 10S
5320 Arabo (Jennings & Co.) 107
6363 Captivate (P. Hlldreth) 00
5327 Hagerdon (H. U Franks). ........107
53C3 Murcsca (Mre. C. Tl Miller) 02
<•"¦ Sixth race One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; handicap. iH&ii
*B3Cfl Horatius (J. J- MeAIester) no
5320 Dainty (Jennings & Co.)..... -,'- T * s
M(K» Aubula (Lemasney Bros.) . . , .TO ,
5.1"7 Veterano (W. Vlvell) .89
5.117 Rio Shannon (J. Coffey) KK
5345 Bragg ' U- Curl) .10o
•Apprentice allowance.-
Second race — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
5137 Judge (M.) J. Daly) ..108
W43 Bear Catcher (T. G. Ferjruson) 105
•M4!) Otto Stlfel (B. Schrelber) 105
53T.fl Ebony (Hamilton Stable) J05
B35fl Cascine (Burns & Waterhouse) :...10S
C314 Captain Forsee (P. Ryan) .105
Third race — Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; oellingr.
5358 "Mildred Bchultz (H. J. Wilson) lOfl
.... Waterpower (Jenning-s & Co.).. 110
M27 'Alice Carey (S. McN'aughton) t»4
r.W3 •Glcndennlngr (W. B. Sink) 10(1
5320 Father Wentker (B. Schreiber)... 107
40C1 Oscnr Tolle CT. Burns) HO
'Wanderling OW. Fisher) 102
Reno Belle (A. Dean) 107
B300 »E1 PllotO (H. W. HoaK).. 99
iwr.2 'Plckaway (A7) J. Jackson) fl"
K35R Quiet (H. E. Rowell) 1M
5.155 Shell Mount (T. Wellman) ...lift
5320 •Madam Bishop (3. T. Strite) 9!)
C201 Our Pride (Tate & Co.) .....107
6195 Snark (S. Judge) 107
'Molto (A. Deane)......;. ..-,-.¦• 97
W60 Merwan (J. J. MeAIester).. 102
B354 Rlnaldo (Slsklyou Stable) 104
SUMMARY
Ftolwi bases — Raymond. I-umley. C. Smith.
Errors — Rraahear (2>. Dolan. Thr*e-base hit —
Dillon. Two-base hit* — Roes, Cravath <2).
First bas« on errors — Los Ansel"* 1. First
l»a»e on called balls — Oil «»ray '2, oft St. Vrain
I. Sacrifice hit — J. Smith. I>eft en bas°e —
l,.-v Anjrtle* 8. Seattle «. Struck out — By Gray
B by 6t. Vrain I. Hit by pitcher— Mohler.
Tltn« of came — 2:O0. Umpire — McDonald.
Take Another Game From Seattle,
Playing Much Better BalL
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 27.— Los An
pc-les won the fifth game of the series
from Seattle to-day by the score of 6
to 2 because they played much better
ball than the visitors. St. Vrain was
touched up for fourteen hits, but kept
them fairly well scattered. The Seattle
infielders were disposed to throw the
ball away and to their bad throwing
two runs for the locals are chargeable.
Cray was given perfect support by the
Los Anpeles team, and while the game
•was rather slow there was much bick
ering between the two teams. In slid
Ing for the home plate Wheeler said
Byers kicked him after touching him
out and when he got up he returned the
compliment. The umpire and Dillon
prevented possible hostilities by getting
between them. Score:
v lx>« Angelei — 1 Seattle —
AB. R. II. P. A. : AD. U. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf.. 5 110 0 I,un-.ly.cf 4 1110
Wh«'.r.2b 5 O 2 4 4 Mohlr,2b 3 114 2
Fn-.ith.3b 3 0 1 0 O Fmith.rf 3 0 2 10
IWlon.lb 4 1 1 12 1 Hrashr.lb 4 0 0 13 0
Cravh.rf 4 2 3 10 Zlnrar.lf 4 0 10 0
Hoss.lf.. 4 18 3 0,JansR,3b 4 0 0 0 4
r.aym<!.« 4 0 2 3 r.|Do!an.!> 3 0 12 2
Eaj?rr.c 4 0 14 SRyers.c. 4 0 13 2
Gray.p.. .3 0 0 0 0<tVraln.p3 0 O 0.3
Totals 38 B It 37.131 TotaU X 2 7 24 13
RUNS AND HITS RY IXXIN'GS.
lx» Ar.sele« 000220ri x — 5
Rase hits 0 2 13 4 0 13 z— 14
EeatUe 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0—2
Ease hits 1 1 3 0 0 1 0 0 1—7
ANGELS STILL WINNING.
The water doIo match between two
teams from the Lurline Swimming Club
was excltine. Neither side scored a
point, but the goals were frequently in
danger. Starter "Jack" Gleason lost
his hat during the excitement and had
to return home In a straw headpiece.
The ofllcials were: Referee, William
Greer Harrison; starter, John J. Glea-
Bon; Judges, Max Rosenfeld and Wallle
Taylor; timers, "Tlv" Krellng and Alec
Pape: announcer, Fred Butz.
The special 100-vard race for mem
bers of the lurline Swimming Club
brought out .some crack swimmers. cWV
Stockton and>. Sunberg finished first
and second ln the first heat, making the
distance Jn 1:10. It was a pretty finish
and the young men were applauded.
Artie Young beat A. B. Schmidt in the
second heat. The pair trailed along
nicely for the first fifty yards and then
hit up'their strokes at the finish. Young
proved the stronger and won by a nar
row margin. The final heat was won
by Sunbere, Stockton second, and
Young third. Young had the rac^ well
in hand, but gave out i.ear the finish.
He pluckily finished close behind his
opponents. Young's forte Is long dis
tance swimming.
The novelty race was a funny event.
The entries had to swim to one end of
the tank and put on trousers and shirt,
then swim to the starting point and don
a coat and then return to the other end
and secure an umbrella and with up
lifted umbrella swim across the finish
ing line. Duckett finished first, with
Vecci a bad second and Riordan third.
Veccl was disqualified because he had
a valet at the other end of the tank.
The antics - of the young men while
dressing were exceedingly funny.
SUNBERG A WINNER.
"Babe_" Fay might have won the spe
cial 100-yard race from scratch but for
the fact that his brother received
eleven peconds handicap over him.
"Babe" went after C. V. dough, Harry
Duckett and his brother, but was un
able to overtake, them. He was forced
to stop when near the finish as. the ex
ertion was j ->o ereat. Duckett came
second. Tiie exact swimming time of
the winner was one minute and twenty
one seconds.- "Babe" Fay was going at
a 1:10 clip. He has the making of a
crack. He is new at the game and ran
grive Scott Leary, the club's champion.
a close rub.
Some el?ver diving was-done by mem
bers of the club asd of the Lurline
Swlmrr-Jng Club. Lester Hammer
smith Enured firjt prize by his" clean
cut wc-k. W. Pomln and W. Stockton
ran him a close race for tfie prize. Po
mln ar-1 Stockton were unused.to ths
springboard and were therefore handi^
c?r>ped. Hammersmith is conceded to
be one of the best divers in the West.
Ar hie Taylor's pjowu work created
a great deal of laughter. He took some
flops that wouM hurt an oi Jlnary man
:f he were not stuffed for the occasion.
The first race was a fifty-yard handi
cap for Olmpic Club swimmers. It
run off in three heats and the con
tests were highly exciting. Ferem and
Vfccl qualified ln the first heat. Pike
and Cumm!nj?s swam the distance ln 38
seconds in the second heat and Lidelt
and Wise beat their opponents in the
third heat. The final was won by Pike
in 37 seconds. Pike's handicap gave
him a slight advantage over Veccl. who
came second. Lidelt finished third.
DIVziRS. PEOVE CLEVER.
Professor Sydney Cavill's perform
ance In the water was one°of the/eat
ures of the night. He gave some clever
imitations slewed t^e spectators
what a <9iar^plon caj^do in the water.
His' sister, Miss Cavili, won hearty ap
plause,by rescuing her relative in a
businees-like^manner. The professor's
Lauds and legs were tied, arA after he
had exhibited his ability to swim^Ssnder
these difficulties he b^ran to sink, and
the llttlq, girl jumped in and brought
\Am to the landing. It was £ki excellent
exemplification of the art of saving a
drowning person. °
Terry 1 ,, Raines, the ' clutPs. electrician,
riggred up vari-colored electric lights
and fr;3tene4 them to Ca*cill, who swam
un6er water. I The effect wtfts startling
and the "submarine boat" proved a-de
cic>d fer.ture. Q
• " "
0 ¦ ' -C
¦\jfater polofend exciting swimming
contests we©; e^joyed 0 by a large num
ber of°the fair &x last night at the
Olympic Club. It was "ladies night"
and tSe members drought the!" fair
friend? ffi and relatives to see members of
the clSb an$ of the LurMne Swimming
CIiSj perform In the water. The club-
more beautiful. The
many improvements made by President
William G^eer Harrison and his asso
ciates were apparent? The old Jlning
5>oin eahlcii surroonded the tank has
been converted into 2 lounging place.
The walls have been bc-^utifuuy fres
coed gnd fanQy electric Umps show off
the rich coloring to advantage. Seats
wefc pl.'8'ed on the three floors sur
rounding the®tank and the ladies and
their e'scorts had a splendid view 6t the
races and exhibitions, n
It was easy enough for the Cripples
to win yesterday afternoon at Recrer
ation Park, as they played better ball
than did the natives. They also re
ceived much help from Mr. Campbell,
umpire, who may or may not appear
at the Eighth-street lot some other time.
Mr. Campbell was not there all ihe
time and in conseque-ce t£te fans said
unkind things behind his back on sev
eral ocacsions. Score, 5 to 3.
Jack /O'Connell did r-t show, so"
Campbell longed for a tryout and was
accordingly given one. He got in
wrong during the first inning and
Misehow or other never * recovered
from the attack of diamond frigbt he
contracted so early in the crntest. His
chief deficiency was on balls and
strikes. He called the good balls er*d
the bad ones strikes, which, of course,
did not always please the players.
McKay really pitched better ball
than did Hodson and that <r the m-m
reason why the Cripples won. Then
they hit hard at the right moments and
had it not been for some slow base
running and other dummy work ; at
critical times the score would ha.'e
been much larger. As it was, enough
runs were made to skip in handily and
therefore old Peter had no reason t<v
complain. The score:
Fan Francisco— . Oakland—
AB. It. U. P. A ! AB. R. H. A A.'
Fhay.«... 4 0 0 2 3 OHara.cf 4 0 110
Mrany.rf 4 2 2 10 nnckf.d.s 2 10 14'
Iprin.Sb x ci i. n - Murdk.rf 4 10 3 0
Krug.rt. 3 O 1 2 O Pchwz.ib 3 0 13 2
Lynch. If 4 0 O 4 « Krusrer.lf 4 1 2 i O
TabFt.lb 3 0 0 12 0 D*»vrx,3b 4 13 12
I*c'.ms.2b 4 O O 1 j;McFly.lb 4 0 0 13 C
7>arfos.o 4 112 2iGonrn.c 3 113 1
H.vteon.p 3 O 1 (? !McEtr,p 3 0 10 4
•CuUrr.. 10 0 0 Oj
Totals 31 8 9 27 13 I
Totals S3 3 S 21 111 i
•Batt«Hj for Hodfon In r.'.nth. —
RVN'S AND HITS BY tKKtKGB.
Ean Francisco ....1, 1O00001 0—3
lia?e hits 2*1 0 0 0 0 1 1 O—5
Oakland 0 2 0 0 1 O 0 2 x «V
ISaFe hits 1 2 O 3 1 0 0 2 x 8
SUMMARY. '
Stolen basts — Kruger, Devereaux, Gorton.
Errors— Shay, OHara, RockenfiUd. Kru&, I
Zevfom. Knyrer. Gorton. Two-base hits— Me-
Kav. IVvpreaux. Schwartz, Meany. Sacrilice
hits— Rockpnftrld. Irwin, Fchwartz. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2 Oakland I.
First bas* on callc-d halls — Off Hodson 2. off
McKay 2. I^cft on ba.«es — Sao Francisco 5.
Oakland 6. Struck out — By Hodson 2. by Mc-
Kay 4. lialk— McKay. Time of pame-^-J :30.
Umpire — Campbell.
The card this afternoon is an >x»
tremely interesting one.^In the two
year-old event the Califoniia champion.
Bearcatcher, will meet Cascine and
Judge', both shifty youngsters. The six
and a half furlong handicap will bring
together Hagerdon, Yellow Tail, Arabo
and Ishlar. In the mile and a sixteenth
handicap Dainty will try conclusions
with Bragg and the three-year-old colt
Horatius.
Last Knight, winner of the closing
race, was bid up $700 over his entered
selling price of $500 by Al Koenigsber
ger. Dan Lemasney retained the horse
with the usual bid.
Charley Murray lost Anvil, which
started favorite for the last event. The
three-year-old was in to be sold for
$500 and was claimed by J. T. Strite,
the owner of Iras. As Murray received
$1227 CO, counting his portion of the
boost money, second money from the
purse and the $825 Strite had to pay
the little gelding looks well sold.
Miss Betty, Shotgun and The^Mlghty
were all-ridden by Jack Martin, who is
now in great form.
Both Miss Betty and The Mighty are
from the stable of Garnet Ferguson,
"who has some clever two-year-olds.
Billy Bruen of St. Louis, who former
ly wielded the starter's flag,, was a
spectator at the track yesterday.
S. F. Capps claimed Illowalio from
Harry Stover out of the last race on
Thursday.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
horse madQ a gallop of itT Anvil, the
lukewarm favorite, ran to h!s best
form, finishing second to'c. B. Camp
bell. O
A spectacular finish marked ;• the
close of the # Futurity course sprint for
two-year-olds, The Mighty, Eugenia
B, Ananias'- and Red Cross Nurse
breasting the tape, noses and heads
apart in the order named. Six to one
was laid about The Mighty, which ran
in the colors of Garnet Ferguson, and
the Prince Royal colt stood a long,
hard cdrive. The Cure, with Willie
Waldo in the saddle, was the post fa
vorite,-but a swerve at the start lost
him all chance of winning.
Dan Lemasney turned a warm one
loose in the concluding mile and fifty
yard selling selection: Those In on the
know almost^tore^down the bookmak
ers' stands when i> to 1 was; chalked
against Last Knight, and the .brown
FCTJR FINISH NOSES APART.
Adkins placed the next winner over
the plate. He had the mount on Rol
lick, second choice for the six-furlong
selling number following. Aunt Polly,
with Tlall up, was highly touted as a
certainty and went to the post favor
ite at 13 to 5. Orosius headed the first
choice into the stretch, when his de
fective . breathing apparatus became
clogged iihd he hopped back. . Then
Aunt Polly took the lead, but weaken
ed also when the pinch came and Rol
lick experienced no difficulty in win
ning by a length. The show went to
James J. Corbett.
year-old fillies, with Miss" May Bowdish
enjoying second call. GarnetoFergu
son's Miss Betty had shown some fast
trials when tried with Bearcatcher and
a smart play cut her odds from 15 to
8. The favorite showed plenty^f speed,
but began tiring "at the" paddock and
Miss Betty, under Martin's persuasive
riding, led the Schreiber filly past the
wire more thariVtwo lengths. Hilder
brand, on the 15 to 1 shot Samar, was
third.
CHllderbrand had the mount on
Qud\re, the mild favorite for the open
ing selHng sprint. He broke first of
the bunch- with the filly and 'she woff
all the way. Redwald ran <S>good sec
ond in front of Buccleuth.
Barney Schreiber's speedy but faint
hearted Caroburn was installed favor
ite for the scramble for maiden two-
It appeared to be a sort of water
melon'day and the ring received a
severe toasting. While Quatre and
Shotgun did not Senefit the* layers by
their victories. Miss BettVj, which
scored, backed down from 15 to 8, The
Mighty, another well-supported one,
and finally 1 Last Knight, %¦ hammered
down from D and 6, cameras actual
gitastro'phes^ L
The. track v waso^tlll heavy and slow
and in nearly every instance °the win
ner was ridden wide. A .gpjod slzei
crowd viewed the sport. q» I
Everybody confidently expected to see
Jack Martin pull the trigger, hear a
tiharp report and see Shotgun first and
the re«t nowhere. But qulto the con
trary, Sad Sam, the halfbreed, with
Ferrell in the saddle, after tryifting and
turning at, the post and incidentally
taking a kick at every other starter
that got within a rod of him. beat the
gate two or three lengths. ' He set a
sizzling* hot clip, and at the wire the
first cnoice, under MartrB'a vigorous
riding, only led him out the shortest of
heads '. j^ :.*',':-• r -
Both John A. Scott and Kenilworth
were away from the' post. poorly. Ad
kins, on the former, persevered, and at
the close was within two a half
lengths of Ihe leaders, finishing third.
Willie See acted as if It were Imma
terial to him where Kenilworth broke
from and made no effort whatever with
the brown horse. Had he sat \<o\vn and
ridden the Stover entry from the jump
i » could probably have won. Shotgun
was fortilnate indeed to get the purse,
for Jack Martin nicked out the muddy
poing nearest tht rail. in the run home,
Which. was quite a handicap.
r* RING IS SCORCHED.
"Walter Jennings started his star
sprinter, Shot&un, in the five and a
half furlong purse event at Oakland
yesterday, and on the strength of his
excellent Eastern performances the
ring made the Artillery colt a 6 to 5
favorite. V^'^nV^.:
Umpiie Campbell Fails to
Call Strike- When They
Come Over the Rubber
fore^ a Large Gathering
Lurlines© Piay Exhibition
3 •'O
Game ofo Water Polo Be
¦i O
Olympic Club in Honor
*° o
o^ Members of Fair Sex
CracK Swimmers F&rform at
McKay Twirls Better Bail
Than Hodson f nd Oakland
Lands Hard on :he Sphere
UNCLE'S STARS
AR? TWO RUNS
TO THE BAD
hammersmith % ;
winsJmedal
o DIVING
SPORTS OF THF TRAOK AND THE FIELD
THE /PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28,/ 1903.
Ring Loses Heavily on the s Day's Sport at Oakland-— Miss Betty,
The Migtfty, Rollick and Last Knight Are Heavily Supported at
0 Remunerative Odds-— Jack Martin Pilots Three Winning Horses
SHOTGUN BARELY ESCAPES DEFEAT,
BEATING SAD SAM BUT A SCANT HEAD
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND KACETEACK — FRIDAY, Nov. 27. — Wether fine. Track heavy.
5372. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; 3-ycar-olds and up,; value to tint, $325.
Index • Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. "%, Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6348 Quatre. 3 (E. Turney) 08) 1 ... 1 H 2 l'/l M 1 1% HUdebrand 6-2 8
3 6342 Redwald, 6 (WVP. Magrane). 99 2 ... 4 V, 8 %"2 % 2 n IW. Coleman 8 T
6338 Buccleuth, 4 (Schrelber) 110 11 ... C h 6 n 4 »$ 3 n D. Hall ... 4 T-2
6353 E«g Noggr. 3 (S. G. Morton). 06 9 ... 7 1148 1 7 1 4 h |J. Booker.. 4- '*T
5384 Silver ~Fizz, 6 (O. Lanka). ft. 104 4 ... 0 2 10 2 8 2 B 1% Blrkenruth 20 15
4360 Lungrtf * (Mrs. Michael).... |103 8 ... 3 iy.1 n'3«64 Fen-ell .... 8 20
5352 ElHn King. 3 (P. Herzog) 101 7 ... 2 n*4 1%5>* 7 3 Foley 8 7
6357 Burdock. 6 (H. F. Parka) 102 5 ... 10 2 0 '4 1) 2 8 6 H. Smith.. 20 60
6354 Ed Lanlgan, a (R, Peters).... 106 12 *". . 11% 11 3113 03 I* Spencer. 20 . 80
4707 Theodora L. 3 (P. E. Smith). 03 3 .. 8^7 %10 2 10 4 Kunz 15 25
6042 Tom Fox. 3 C. F. Clancy).... 106 6* :; 5 % 5 2 C %U 4 I. Powell... 10 80
5354 Torlla. 4 (Ray & Co.) 103J10 ... 12 12 12 12 J. Martin.. 10 10
Time— :25. :5Q. 1:17. At post 8 minutes. O!t at 2:1T. Quatre, place, 6-5; show, 8-5. Red
wnld. place. 6-2: show. 6-5. Buccleuth. show, 4-6. Winner, b. f. by Llssak-Victoria TV.
Trained by E. TIerney. Start good. Won In a mild drive. Next four driving hard.
' r he tra .'* for fifteen feet from Inside rail was very heavy and holding, especially bo
trom last furlon* pole.* From there out In ftt.riy good condition. Winner had- good
racing !uck and was well handled. Buccleuth Is mean at the post, or he might hav«
won. Egg Nogs not strong enough at the end. Silver Fizz was well shaken np and
J^nproved^rajce.^ jaflri King gujt- Lunga ¦can beat _^f^*r..one8.
3373. SECOND RACE— Five-eighths of a mile; maiden 2-year-old fillies; value to first. ?325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. K* %.-%. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CL
4458 Miss Betty (T. G. Ferguson). 110 B. ... 8 Vt 3 H 2 1 12V4 J. Martta.. . 10 8
.... Caroburn (B. Schrelber) no 2 ... 1 1^1 1^1 n 2 1% I>. Hall.... 2 8-5
51S4 Samar (Raisin City Stable)... 110 6 ... 7 % 4 1 41 3h Hlld'brand 8 15
6340 Miss M. Bowdish (Biasing) .O. 110 8 ... Cl 62 52 4 3 I.Powell... 3 11-5
4400 Elizabeth E (Eppln^-cr) 109 3 ... 4 4 5 15 6 '4 5 H N. Lewis... 80 a 60
r»?,19 Gottleiben (W. Fisher) 107 1 ... 2 U 2 1 3 h 8 5 W. Waldo.. 8 5
4072 Ethel \bbott (Mrs. Miller). ... 107 3 ... 8183 82 7n Foley 15 30
4672 Forest Fire (McCabe & Co.)O. 107 4 ... 5 h 7 2 7 1 8 '^ Prior 80 40
.... jMoalto (Blnr.chl & Co.) 107 10 ... 10 3 10 8 0 3 0 0 Blrk'nruth 10 80
6310 IMifs Prim (Murpliy & Co.).... 107 7 ... 9 4 9 8 10 6 10 10 A. Brown.. 60 60
iDolly Ray (A. J. Jackson) 107 11 ... 11 11 11 11 J. T.Sheh'n 15 60
I Time:25, :51V4. l:03«. At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:44^. Betty, place, 8: show, 8-2.
I ~ Caroburn. place. 9-10: ehow, 2-5. Samsr. show. 8. Scratched — Anna H. Winner, ch. f.
by St. George -Free Wl">. Trained by^T. G. Ferguson. Start good. Won cleverly after
an rarly drive. Next three driving. Miss Betty is a fast trick. She tried to run out all
Gottleiben will Improve. J
C374. THIRD RACE— SUrfurlongs; selling; 8-year-olds and upward; value to first, 1325.
T ndex -Horse and O-rner. WtlSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. °P{a
K34 Rollick. 5 (M. Jones). 104 2 ... 4 1%3 h 2 n 11 Adklns .... 8 16-5
5320 Aunt Polly,, 5 (Graffort) 105 4~... In 22«U2J D Hall.... 8 13-5
r.p J. J. Corbeit. 5 (Hedges).... 113 1°... 8 1^5 1^4 2 8 « Terrell .... v 6 7
5353 rjogro. 4 (S. Rafour).©. 103 8 ... 6n 7 3 9^41^L Jackson. 8 8
5?. B £ Orosfys. 8 (Buckley Co.).... 101 6 ... 2 1^12^3 1^5 2 J.T.Sheehn 8 6
KS40 Maresea^fi (R. E. Dolan) 11010 >,.. 6HG2H7 2 6 5 T. lAtler.. 10 20
53B4 Berendo*. 5 (J. Green) 106 3 ... 7h 4 n ' 6 1 ' 7 n Bell i-'V 8;
4(555 G. W. Trahern, 4 (Kentucky). 103 T ... ft 8 9 10 fl 5 8 4 Chandler .. 15 20
5340 Nanon. 6 <H. Polk). . ..©..... 109 B ... 8h 82 81 On Fell 30 40
Outburst. 0 (J. J. McAle»ter).|10fl 9 ... 10 10 10 10 I. Powell... 20 80
Tlra ST :24 #- :49 fy 1:16^- A * pbQ' 4^ minutes. Off at 3:11%. Rollick, place. 6-5; shcrv. :
8-5. Polly, place. 1; show, 1-2. Corbett. show, 6-5. Winner, ch. g. by Take Notice-
Happy Maiden. Trained by H. Pierce. Scratched— Madam Bishop. Loyal S. Start good.
Won cleverly. Next three driving. Rollick perfectly ridden and ran an Improved race.
Aunt Polly can do. better on atfast track. Idopo^ran a good race. OroMus eave It up.
Maresa away poorly. Berendos ran a disappointing race. ¦ • *L
ftST^TFOURTIj^iRACE^^
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % . ,%. %. Str. Fin. J Jockey.^ Op. Cl.
L^l 8^ 0 *?" 1 ' S .^ B - Jennln ««>- "2 3 2 4 2 8 24 ih J. Martin. . "e-5 11-10
K£T i d Sam - B i II- Gre « n) 112 1 ••• 1 21^1 3^1 1^2 2%tFerrell 6 7
63R3 J. A. Scott. 3 (M. Jones).... 11(1 6 ... 6 5 n 3 2 8 8 Adklna ..„ 8 8
6321 Kenllvjprth. 5 (H. Stover) 115 5©... 6 1%6 6 4 6 Sea ' 2 2
Reeves. 3 (ijO.-nasney Bros.).. 1112 4 ... 4 t©4 H/45 1 5 2% Foley 80 100
».... |GehelmnesaX3 (Schrelber) 1109 2 ... 3 2^3 3^4 n 6 |D. Hall.... 10 f(80 '
•Time— :24U :» l:09»4. At post 3V4 minutes. Off at 3:37. Gun placo, 2-5: show. out.
Sam. plane, 2; show 7-10. Scott, show. 6-5. Winner, b. c. by Artillery-Princess No
retta. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start bad. Won In a hard drive. Second stopping.
Third driving hard. Shotgun finished In the- worst going. ' Sad S?m away flying, did
not run wt to-day. Away poorly. John A. S<<ott closed like a cyclone." Gehelmness
O did well us far as she went. See on Kentlworth was off badly and made no apparent
on the best horse. Reeves outclassed on this occasion.
B.'tTO. ', FJFTH RACr>-Futurlty course; seUln1rP'£y^a^o1o^fa1u7^
Index I Horse aneftowner. Iwtjst. %. ?j. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. I Cl.
H^llV** M 'KhtY fT 0:Tentu«on). il2"| 3 ... 1^2 %"2n 1 ns U. Martin.: «t 6
f r'^> Kusenla » (Schrelber) 100 1 ... 3 1 3 1^3 1%2 ns |D. Hall. . . . 8-2 4
r^i n na^ nl l? (J - Sch °"> 107 5 ... 2 2141 h lVi8h Reed 4 9-2
r'™?iJ?-, C - , N «? e (O r *lSb B x rown >- 10fi « ••• 4 2^4 6 5 4 4 5 Adklns .... 6 8
l^x£ "J? < Mr^, J - Coffey)-----. OS « ... flh 7 6^55 W. Daly... 5 10
r"^l J^ Cu re (W. Fisher) 106 7 ... 5h 5n 4 ? fl 4 W.Waldo.. 4 11-5
r'^fl n T^/t/^'t 0 St ? bIe) 101 2 ••• 7 6 1%7 7 Hlldebrand 50 80
51S0 iDorls (H^L. Jones>0 fe-l 100 ' ft [Tullet ..... 20 50
Tlm v^£lti' :^°' 1:1 - 2 r i- l P^tf minutes. Off at 4:03>4. Mighty, place. .2; show. 1.
Eugenia, place. ,-0: show 7-10. Ananias, show. 7-10. Scratched. Judge. St. Tusef.
? n^ <•«", .M K n ! r V c^ C -O^ y^t rl " ce Royal-Intrusive. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start
£r£?i « 1 h -J ut P ort9 a ,2, T he Cure - Won ln a hard dr!ve of four - Martin rode a pow
v,,-« « ? C ii. w , lnner - >vlth a "tronger rider up Ananins would have won. Red Cross
>^J^i2 e -J^I!i^il5j[SIl£^^ the start, ruining his chances.
5377. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 60 yards; selling ; f ;hree-year-olds and up; value. 1st, $S25.
Indexj Horse pnd Owner. IWtlSt. K. L |Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op."- CK
SSfcilHi'S 11 * fi 5*122 lft-lUll iFoley" 4 7^2
Arl o nV »' n (Mu irn & r c , o) 9>{ l 2 1 n 1 H 2 3 2 2V.2 5 Hllderbrnd 8 3
r"£. \? a* C r ar ?£ hc ll « Norton). 108 3 8 n 4 h 3 % 3 UJ3 7 .1 Booker.. 3 - 5
M5- Ledii- 5 (T H Ryan) <>9 8 6 2=78 6h 41 4 % Ferrell .... B-2 10-5
Pwl fc 12' « T V« Str A l %> 83 4 41 5 UJ4 n 6 2 5 4 W. Daly... 20 40
52St ? IUe , d °I- (C U I> KWon).. f)4| r, 7 V, 6 n 7 12 7 15 fl h-, Kunz ..... 40 CO
Si*' /££ a 1 -i %r J L orrls) 105 J 2 1143 n 5 % 6 1 7 1^ J. Martin.. 6 5
3!M« \No Friend, n (H. Stover).. ..[ 8i>| 7 8 8 8 8 8 Croaawaltc 30 50
Tim r7. :25 h 5^ :5 i^"» 1 i 17^|- 1: , 44 ' 1:46% - At post J mlnute -' Off at 4:20%. Knight, place,
0-... show, -1-2^ Anvil place. 1; show. 1-2. Campbell, show, 4-5. Winner, br. h. by
Free Knlgnt-Mlety. Trained by D. I^amasney. Scratched— Grand Sachem. Start
a^?vh rVn° n * v ?t? ******** Nex t **™« driving. Winner galloped. all the way.
Anvil ran to his notch. Campbell not at his best. X*<Jua may «» better on a fast
track. Canejo gave It up early. Knight was bid up from $500 to $1200 and retained
7
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
WHO FINALLY WINS
PBETTY MADGE STAIB?Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Alten'a). 330 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townscnd's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market jit., above Cal! bldg- •
The United States of Colombia has made overtures to
Venezuela for sympathy and assistance. While there is
nothing unusual in this plea of one dishonest petty state to
another of the same kind, it is more than likely that Venezu-<
ela will not care to be spanked\because Colombia is being
disciplined. Castro hasacquired the gentle art of making
enemies too. well to seek for opportunities beyond the bor
de'ts of the country he misrules.
SOCIALISTIC VOTE— G. A. F.,
Berkeley, Cal. The vote for the candi
date for Governor named by the So
cialist party cast in San Francisco in
1902 was 1ST". The total vote for the
Socialist party in the same city cast
at the municipal election November 3.
1903, had not been canvassed at the
date of the letter of inquiry, November
11. The canvass of the vote of • that
date will appear in The Call on the
day after the Election Commlsisoners
shall close the canvars.
, Neeley, the enterprising rascal who escaped punishment
in the amnesty granted to all offenders convicted during the
reconstruction period of Cuban affairs, had the impudence
recently to ask the return of $20,000 deposited as bail. In
refusing the demand the Judge declared that he could not
see the propriety of transferring property from its rightful
owners to the thief that stole it. Mr. Neeley is clearly
entitled to a Tammany nomination for. Alderman of
New York.
A Step Fonvard.
Now that civilization ha*, waxed so
strong that the bodies of paupers are
thrown into . a nameless hole in the,
ground instead of beirg allowed t« rot
outside of the city gates it is pleasing
to read that Paris has n 1I03 cemetery
on an 1 island In the Seine. >A plain
grave without a headstone may be had
for $1, and the body is reincve«l on a
little wagon for a similar sum. The
graves are leased, not slid. The charge
for five years' lease is f3, for ten $10,
for twenty $15 and for thirty $20. Very
stringent rules forbid the use of cere
monies or decorations such as are used
at funerals. No cross may be erected
over an animal or bird, for all pet3 may
be interred ht-reJ .
The Inscriptions arc of a curious and
exaggerated sentimentality. Toll D-i
rian, the author, says on her pets'
tombstone that if she- "cannot accom
pany the dear, and noble animals she
UNITED STATES MINISTERS— S.
N. N.. Rio Vista, Cal. During the term
of Martin Van Buren as President of
the United States. 1S37-1S41. the Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
potentiary from the United States to
France was Lewis ('ass of Ohio, who
filled that station from 1S"6 to 1S42. and
the one to the court of St. James was
Andrew Stevenson of Virginia, who
was in office from 1S36 to 1S41.
WARTS— W. B., City. Wart9 are
cured or removed from the hands by
the use of glacial acetic acid, which
may be either dropped upon them or
painted with a soft brush, care being
taken in the applying of the saTne to
apply a little oil around the wart so
as to prevent the skin from blistering.
Lunar caustic and tincture of per
chloride of iron are also used for the
purpose.
PILOT— J. C City. When a pilot
takes charge of a vessel he is in charge
to extent of taking the vessel to
safe anchorage and the captain will
not interfere with him except it ap
pears that the pilot is in that condi
tion that he is unfit to discharge the
duties expected of him.
Turn of the Wheel
You all have seen her — all you who
daily gret into the hurry and ri#?h of
business in the wholesale district. She
is the little bent old woman who hob
bles alone on two canes carrying a
satchel In her hands. If she knows
you she will limp up to your office win
dow and ask you, "Will you take a
chance at the tickets to-day; drawing
is on Friday."
In the cood old roaring '70s, when
stocks were booming and the Comstock
kings were building themselves palaces
along the goat tracks of Nob Hill, a
man and his wife — a distinguished pair
—kept regal apartments at the Occi
dental Hotel. Drives behind spirited
horses in the afternoons, suppers at
nights, a season's box at the old Bush
street theater— theirs was the portion
of the rich.
But the husband died. The great
block of stocks in the Mount Diablo
coal mines was stolen from the widow
by scheeming speculators. Now she
drags her poor old body along the
crowded streets of the wholesale dis
trict selling "chances." Be the law
what it may. let charity be your Inter-
ARITHMETIC— R. H. B.. City. The
question asked is a simple one in
arithmetic and of the class that this
department does not answer.
TILLMAN-A. E. A., City. The full
name of Senator Tillman of South
Carolina is .Benjamin Ryan Tillman.
Goats of Columbia.
There are nine goats In the Dis
trict of Columbia. That Is one of the
interesting and. perhaps, -aluable facts
unearthed by the Bureau of Animal In
dustry of the United States Department
of Agriculture. The District is at the
bottom of the list; the Washlngtonlans
may rejoice that they run no risk of
eating goat for mutton. Listen to the
language of the rpport* "In the environ
ment of all the larger cities are found
many kids, and it 13 evident that only a
few of them grow to maturity."
Yes. but many of those who do reach
maturity in a tough rtate.
•ANS IVERS TO Q UERIES
CLEVELAND— A. N. G.. City. Grover
Cleveland was born March IS, 1837.
Postmen in England.
Mail carriers in England start at sal
aries equivalent only to $4 a week in
our, current j. and after Ions and faith
fu* service are advanced gradually to
a maximum of less than $6 a week.
Not extravagar* pay. surely. But they
are not required to work more than
eight hours daily, and no one of them
is weighted with a burden of more than
thirty-five pounds in any circumstance.
In the United States, especially In holi
day times, our faithful friends in gray
are orten too heavily laden with bulky,
back-breaking packages. Bicycles are
employed extensively by the British
x*ostoffiee Department. They might b«
used much more freely in this republic
of long distances.
A Dcscm Hermit.
I was fifty miles from the nearest
camp and as far frum water. Suddenly
on rounding a little hill I came upon a
prospector's camp. The sight was not
an unusual one for me, as I ran across
these gold-seekers in all parts of thf
desert. My horse seeing the camp in
stinctively headed for it. Wrapped up
in a piece of canvas tenting, alone on
the ground, lay an old gray-haired
man. As I approached he stuck his
head out from the covering. The cold
wind blowing drove back from his
sharply featured face a mass of long,
wavy hair..
"You haven't got a little whisky
about you. have ytou?" he querieu. -In
an&rt'er to his question I drew from^rhy
pocket a flask of the desired llqu'd and
handed it t(Thlm. S-< .
"I've got a touch of rheumatism, "the
said. "Ketches me every once in a while
this way. It looks like snow, eh? I
really ought to be back in town, but I
promised my daughter that if I. got
around by the old turquoise mine near
Crows Springs before the snow came
on I'd fetch her one of the blue s' >nes
for a Christmas present. Poor little
girl; she won't get much else this year.
I've been sinking my assessment holes
on a group a few miles east o' h r "e,
and was on my way to the old mine
when this danged rheumatism caught
me."
I saw that the oM- fellow was pretty
weak. He couldn't eat anything and
could hardly move without paining
himself a great deal. I wanted him to
come on to camp with me, but he pro- 1
tested that he woul'd be all right. -
"Why," he said, "I've traveled this
stretch of sand and sagebrush for over
forty years. I love the life, and am as
safe here* as I'd "be in a horspital.
Soon's I get the girl a stone I'll come in
and be^it the snows."
But the old desert hermit didn't beat
the snows. The next day the flakes be
gan to fall, and with each fluffy parti
cle there was being covered up an
other tragedy of the desert.
PROMINENT ENGINEER WHO
WRITES OF CONDITIONS
IN PANAMA.
From the Mayor's report it appears that some of the sup
plies he has investigated are conveyed through wooden
pipes. It is doubtful whether such a method is safe or tol
erable, though the cost is much cheapened by it. The^cost
of water to the rate payer in the case of these public sup
plies does not convey as clear an idea as it would if the plant
were compelled to bear' its whole cost by basing the bonds
on it alone. Granting that any city makes a profit on a
putriic supply or that it keeps even, the argument for making
the plant carry its own bonds is strengthened.
It is not the part of wisdom to mortgage the credit 6f a
growing city for the purchase of public utilities. The needs
of such a city in its schools, parks, streets, sewers and public
improvements, which may properly depend upon its credit,
should cause everywhere the demand that public utilities
carry themselves and be supported by income derived from
those who use them. This policy has been twice indorsed
in San Francisco by the refusal of the taxpayers to make a
street railroad system a burden on the taxable property of
the city. Cleveland, Ohio, lias just voted down decisively a
proposition to mortgage the public credit to create a'munici
pal plant to supply electrical power and light. Of course in
the etfent of failure of a public plant to pay interest on its
bonds a city can at any time impose its credit between the
plant and loss. But correct business principles require that
the business shall carry itself.
Another element seems to us to dominate the whole issue
of public ownership. The experiment .of mixing business
ruid -political government in every considerable city in this
country has restated in loss.. due to inexpert and oftentimes
corrupt administration, which is not easily detected nor
known at all until the loss hii occurred. .Every clear
headed advocate of municipal ownership agrees with us that
that policy is to be finally vindicated as superior to private
ownership by making every plant carry its own credit.
In the trail of all experiments involving the public credit
and mortgn^ing the taxpayers rise regrets that the city did
not start right. Recently a decided reaction against public
ownership has been apparent in the East. Toledo and other
cities have been left with a public debt on their hands and
with no plant nor property to represent it. It is likely that
the "example of Cleveland will be generally followed until
the advocates of public ownership everywhere consent ,to
makrt every plant carry itself and depend upon the income de
rived from the rate payers. This is a matter in which it is
easy to* make a mistake, but difficult to remedy it.
It is seen clearly now that Oakland made a mistake by se
curing a second water company, as all business foresights
clearly indicated that the result would be combinationtn re
place competition and the city,,, would have to carry an unne
cessary increment of capital. If the existing plant is left in
the field after a public plant is acquired the difficulty is in
creased instead of being removed. At present a very large
part e Jf the population of Oakland is independent of the ex
istinfc water supply, finding what it wants in the abundant
artesian supply that underlies the city. Those taxpayers will
continue to be independent of the public supply whg.a it is
introduced, but their property will be mortgaged to create
it if <he bonds be made. a lien on the city instead of on the
plant. When the question is considered, as a business propo
sition should be, without prejudice, it will be found that, there
is not a single valid argument against making the credit of
a public plaHt carry its cost and putting its support upon the
rate payers who desire to use it. g, ©
We regard this as of such importance to the future wel
fare of these cities ,that it is worth while even to wait until
any legal impediments are removed if such be in the way. It
is easy to see that if enthusiasm and prejudice are permitted
to raise the floodgates of inconsiderate public ownership now
instead of relieving us of any ills we have the policy of mort
gaging the taxpayer will bring greater. Oakland enjoys the
opportunity of setting the pace which other cities will follow
when its superior utility is demonstrated and should not be
content to imitate experiments of doubtful utility and take a
path that is strewn with failures and vain regrets.
THE Mayor of Oakland is studying the .question of
water supply with great energy in response to the sen
timent of his city in the direction of getting more in
dependent conditions. He reports on the supply under pub
lic ownership in Portland and Seattle. It must be remem
bered, however, that the physical conditions in the moist
north are widely different from ours. Much error has been
propagated by treating the Glasgow supply as analogous in
all things to a supply in California. The Glasgow water
shed has an annual rainfall of fifty inches 'and iris not con
fined to one season as here, out is distributed through the
thirteen, and by the rules of maleficent
influences untold disasters should have
overtaken uf. But nothing in the way
of an accident occurred, and this im
tnualty too in spite of the predictions
pf our French fellow voyageurs, who
fell out of line before we had half fin
ished, advisinp us that we were sure
to die of (?ha«;ruB fever in a few days
at the farthest.
Our party left New York just before
the holidays in 1897, and consisted of
a number of world famous contractors,
some of whom had done extensive work
on the Chicago drainage channel. There
were some promoters and others, and
myself as engineer. The design of the
expedition was to investigate the Pan
ama and also the Nicaragua canal
routes in order to determine as to their
ie!ative feasibility, economy and con
venience for- commerce and to secure
construction work. The result of our
investigation led up to the contention
as to the two routes — Nicaragua and
Panama— which I believe was not wise
ly decided In favor of the latter. At
least our advocacy of the Nicaragua
route and the offer of our contractors
to build a ship canal at that crossing
forced the French company to terms.
On our voyage outward from New
Tork we were overtaken Just below
Cape Hatteras by the ever memorable
blizzard that froze the orange trees in
Florida and made a new record of tem
peratures south of Mason and Dlxon's
line. I mention this storm because in
spite of the fact that we were almost
wrecked, by it it was probably the
agency which made It possible to com
plete our walk through the Culebra cut
without Incurring the fever.
The steamers that ply the tropic seas
are not constructed like the transat
lantic liners. Our vessel's staterooms
opened on the deck and not in a saloon.
The result was that when the storm
came on our beds and clothing were
saturatr-d and our shoes washed over
board. Our cargo was shifted by the
rolling of the vessel and we got into
the Dahamas with our chip listed to
one Fide Vke a racing yacht in a high
v.ind.
• • •
Arriving at Colon (which name is
Spanish for Columbus), on the Atlantic
tide of the isthmus, we crossed to the
Pacific side by rail and put up at the
Hotel Grand, where they serve most
excellent two-hour seven-course din
ners. This is accomplished by serving
one dish as a course, and while you are
eating it preparing the dish that is to
follow it. Incidentally it may be re
jnarked that the diner should be well
advised as to how long it requires to
cook the several courses, so that he
may not eat so rapidly that he will
freate an uncomfortable hiatus between
(r urses. The Hotel Grand's walls were
then cracked from bottom to top by
earthquakes, aqd some of them have
Kince been thrown down. Inside the
hotels of the tropics the rooms open on
an interior court, orpatio, with balco
nies for each floor, the, doors and parti
tions often being made only of Jalousies
— or what we call shutters— having
fixed slats. Xo provision is made to ex
clude mosquitoes from the rooms. The
beds have, "mosquetaires," made of
close-meshed tarleton— the mosquitoes
being email— wiiich canopy the beds.
A few days since the local yellow sheet what
purported to be the full text of the canal treaty between the
United States and Panama. The report was dishonest in
every particular and the imposition upon the public was ex
posed. The onty element of interest in connection with this
mendacity is that the saffron kid has since been forced to
print several other lies to support the first, and to the public
this procedure is no novelty. ' ,
IT IS TIME TO DISARM.
Recurring to the fever, I will say that
there is no overestimating its deadly
character. While I have not made a
scientific study of the subject of tropic
fevers, I am advised that the general
characteristics of the fevers are the
same throughout the West Indies and
the Panama country. In other words,
the same fever exists in different N de
grees. with alight variation, at the sev
eral portions of the American ' tropics.
The banks of the cut, on which the
sun shone down from the peculiarly
white sky of the low tropics, reflected
and confined the heat. At times we
rested, but the slight shade we found
was not of the sort to encourage long
pauses. By noon we were saturated
with perspiration and our flannel cloth
ing was wringing wet. Owing to the
burden of moisture in the atmosphere
there was no evaporation and our
clothes were as if dipped In water. This
produces an exceedingly uncomfortable,
suffocating sensation. %
After five miles of the cut had been
traveled General Royer and his
French subordinates boarded the train,
urging us to do so also. They remained
on it, keeping pace with us. The Amer
icans kept moving steadily forward.
At points where the French officials on
the train could communicate with us
they would urge us to come aboard.
But we were unwilling to give up. I
cannot say but that- there was an ele
ment of Anglo-Saxon pride and stub
bornness in the determination with
which we held to the fiery path in
Culebra cut. Hours passed and we
plodded on. Our FrerTbh consorts in
the train waited and we walked,
walked, walked. It grew hotter and
hotter. At first we had talked with a
good deal of hilarity, but there was
less talk now, and finally none. We
watched each other and cautioned
against too great exertion. Some went
to the train. The rest moved steadily
forward over the hot red earth.
We were all much exhausted when
we reached Obispo at the end of the
cut, where we boarded the .train and
were hauled quickly back to' Panama.
I think our walk and our escape from
fever were commented on by the na
tives and the French canal builders
more than any other event in our visit
to the Panama, canal.
• • •
But we learned afterward that there
was a dark background to the general's
apprehension. Not long before only
three men. the remnant of a corps of
fifty engineers, superintendents and
c'.erks, had been sent back to Frani*.
In the cut* we were between. walls of
earth hundreds of feet high in places,
with the tropical, almost meridian, sun
beating down upon us. Our pathway
was not particularly bad for footmen,
but was* up and down at times and
sometimes devious. The temperature
was somewhere in the 90s, but the tem
perature as Indicated by the thermom
eter cannot be determined in its effects
on men and animals unless the humid
ity be considered. Thus "ninety de
grees moist" is a severe heat even in
the tropics and is enervating in the
extreme. On the contrary, ninety de
grees in the dry altitudes of Arizona
and New Mexico is braclng'and not un
pleasant.
We Americans laughed
General Royer. who had charge of the
construction work, said as we were
leaving Panama:
"Nothing but my desire to enable you
gentlemen to see the cut at all points
would prompt me to so with you. I
cannot refrain from discouraging you
even now. The undertaking is hazard
ous in the extreme."
At the outset of our tramp the French
canal construction officials were not en
thusiastic. They wanted us to see the
work, but they evinced a wholesome
dread of the fever.
Finally we began our journey in this
cut, which in itself is not remarkable,
except for its magnitude — or, rather,
contemplated magnitude. We found a
trench ICO feet deep cut 300 feet wide
Into a dark reddish clay formed from
degenerated volcanic matter. This ma
terial is not exceptionally hard to
handle, and but for the vast amount
which has to be moved, lifted and
# haul?d to spoil banks hundreds of feet
away and hundreds of feet high, its re
moval would rot be formidable. The
bottom of the Culebra cut was then and
is yet 160 feet above sea level. At some
points the work was being done in ter
races or benches running parallel with
the line of the canal. On each of these
levels was a railway with tram cars.
These cars were filled by dredging ma
chinery, then run to low places and
dumped. The cars themselves were
Iron dums cars and were of ordinary
design. The devices for moving- the
earth employed by the Panama Canal
Company are much inferior to those
that were,used on the Chicago drainage
channel.
• • •
The Culebra canal cut practically
parallels the transisthmian railroad, so
that a train was sent along with us to
pick up any prostrated by the heat or
from other cause.
"Mucho malo," commented the man
as if to himself who took care of some
of my belongings when we were about
to leave the hotel.
"What's that?" I asked.
"La Culebra es mucho malo (very
bad)." he explained, shaking his head
deprecatlngly.
"Muy ralor — enflrmar"— very hot and
sickly— he insisted, laying his head over
to one side and gasping as if overcome.
He did not want to lose me, for had I
not tipped him handsomely? The na
tives have a torror of the fever, and It
is erroneous to suppose that the negro
is Immune. At Panama I learned that
several ship loads of negroes from
Sierra Leone was brought to work on
the canal, but that they died so fast
from Chagres fever— Just as white men
do— that the British Government Inter
posed to save the remnant that sur
vived and had them sent back to Af
rica. • .0
Starting from Panama one morning
In January. 1898. we made preparations
for our walk through the Culebra cut.
There is at least one extraordinary ad
vantage in starting out on a tramp In
the tropics—one doesn't have to carry
any wraps. Therefore we had no lug
gage.
These mosquetalres intensify the heat.
California has suffered from her reputation as a gun fight
ing State. Several years ago when the National Teachers'
Association met here it was found that many visiting teach
ers had prepared themselves for the journey by buying re
volvers. One unfortunate high school teacher on his way to
the Yosemite while sleeping on his arms was killed by his
own pistol. We who live here know that there is no need
to carry arms in California any more than there is to wear
guns in Grace Church, New York, or in meetings of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union. But unfortunately
there are exceptions among 'us and these are wrongly used
to establish an undesirable reputation for the State.
Even in our pioneer days the carrying of pistols was not a
habit. Yet every, time art deals with the early California
miner, either in painting or sculpture, he is made to wear a
beard like a horse tail and have two pistols in holsters on his
hips and gird with a cartridge belt. It is a misrepresentationt
The pistol habit is a vice that should be discouraged by
severe punishment. It has 'caused a homicide in the Palace
Hotel that brings sorrow to many and! inflicts injury upon
the State. If the slayer in this case had been without a pistol
no casualty could have occurred. But he ; was "in the habit"
of carrying a pistol, arid so what' would : have been only a
scuffle was turned into a' tragedy.
Another sprig has recently, been enforcing, hospitality at
public bars by compelling unwilling gentlemen to drink when/
they were not dry by threatening them with his gun and we
WE are accustomed to the discussion of national dis
armament and to dreams of universal peace, when
nation shall not lift up the sword against nation,
neither shall they learn war any. more. Some progress in
that direction has been made and there is no doubt but The
Hague tribunal will be the. means of averting war in many
cases. But suppose that we begin a peace policy by agree
ing to disarm as individuals. '.:- ~
THE Democratic press of the country has ceased to
hunt for a Democratic candidate for the Presidency,
and is employing its leisure in finding a Republican
candidate. With great unanimity it has selected Senator
Hanna as Republican standard bearer. There may be in
this an element of gratitude. The Democracy may well
warm up to' the Ohio Senator for the great favor he did it
in besoming Tom Johnson from the political fa^ce of the
earth. -t •
Johnson made the issue personal to himself and Senator
Hanna. It was a square and definite test o'f their leader
ship and popularity, and of the principles they represent.
The result was a victory for' Hanna by the largest majority
ever given by Omo in a State election. Johnson has not
Wen heard of since. His breath was so completely knocked
out that he did not have enough left for an interview ex
planatory of how it happened. It was not one of those
close finishes, after which, the. loser could sit ' down and
figure that a^changp of a fraction'* of a vote in each precinct
would have changed the result. Quite otherwise, it was
a solid impact of adverse votes, that came in tens of thou
sands, until the majority far outran, the hundred thousand
mark.
- It is of interest to see the profound respect now felt for
Senator Hanna by the Democracy. That party's press
sees in him the logical Republican candidate and is practi
cally unanimous for him. This is very kind and is no
doubt appreciated by Mr. Hanna. It is such a change
from the mud-slinging which has assailed him ever since
iSq6. Even the Hearst papers have ceased to cartoon him
frescoed with dollar marjes, and in*the exceeding peace that
has overcome the spirit of scandal it would seem as if he
were assured of the support of the Democracy, and that
another golden age of American politics were standing in
the wings, ready for jtsTcue to appear in the glare of the
footlights.
But these gentlemen who appear as next friend of the
Republican party omit a few factors from their calculation.
The Ohio Republican convention unanimously indorsed
President Roosevelt for the nomination. It is no justifiable
criticism. to say that Senator Hinjna was not friendly to
that indorsement, when *t was proposed by his colleague.
Foraker. But when his acute political sense saw clearly
that a'; being proposed, to turn it down would be construed
into a rebuke of the President, he made it .'uianimous. So
the Ohio election did three things. It sent Tom Johnson
into obscurity, gave Hanna the greatest personal indorse
ment ever enjoyed by an American leader in his own State,
and committed Ohio to President Roosevelt.
It is tne habit of the opposition press to see grave con
flicts between Hanna and the President. Every few days
they carpet the ground with their ears and hear the sound
of quarreling between the President and the Senator. Now
the fact is that they do have differences. To entertain dif
ferences of opinion on matters of policy is no new thing
with them. Senator Hanna does not hesitate to take his
stand and abide by it, to a finish. But this has caused no
alienation between him and the President.
Those who understand President Roosevelt long ago
knew that he does not want disciples. He enjoys fair and
frank opposition in his own party, and in the issues that
have arisen between him and its leaders he cheerfully sub
mits the matter to Congress and abides by the result, as do
they. . We have an illustration of this in the controversy
that has arisen over the confirmation of General Wood.
The general is the President's friend, and he stands by his
friends. But Major Rathbone, who claims that he was
misused by Wood in Cuba, is Hanna's friend, and the Sen
ator stuck to him in adversity and now pushes his vindi
cation by seeking the defeat of Wood. In this Hanna is
joined by Teller, one of the Senate leaders of the minority.
It is a fair fight, open and above board, and when it is
over everybody will have had a day in court, American
fashion, and there will be no resentment left after it is
finished.
We will admit that this is something new in American
politics, for in the past such independence has too often
degenerated into personal hatred. It was so between Cal
houn and Jackson, and between Buchanan and Douglas.
In those controversies it was the habit to permit no dif
ferences, and to treat personal independence as party
treason. But that practice is past, and the country sees the
President and the chairman of the national committee dif
fering, fighting it out in all vigor and fairness, and their
personal relations remaining unstrained. So the Demo
cracy may as well withdraw the nomination of Mr. Hanna,
and conclude that it must meet President Roosevelt next
year, the leader of a united party and backed by no one
stronger than by Mr. Hanna.
FINDING A CANDIDATE.
College Manners.
The kind president of Randolph-Ma-^
con College announced a reception at
his house for the freshmen. All of
them put on their best clothes; some
of them even appeared on the street
in real clawhammers and white waist
coats dazzled the eyes of the beholders.
Upper classmen lay In wait for the
freshmen, pounced on th*»»n as they en -
tered the gate, corraled them in prexy's
front yard, stripped them of their coats,
waistcoats and trousers, mocked at
their grief, and then went away, carry
ing with them the captured raiment.
The Washington Times is Justly indig
nant. "If," it says, "the president does
not use his beat endeavors to discover
and punish the young cads who figured
in this affair— he would be quite within
his rights by expelling them— he will
justify the supposition that he is will
ing to permit the establishment of a
standard of manners among his stu
dents which would scarcely do credit to
a lot of corn fi eld hands."
[Promoter and former Chief Englnw Chicago
Drainaee Canal.)
(Copj-riffbt. 1903. by Joseph B. Bowie*.)
The hottest walk I ever took was
twelve miles In the Culebra cut of the
Panama canal. Culebra is Spanish for
snake, but it is not employed to de
scribe the cut, which Is reasonably
straight; nor did we pye any makes
or other reptiles in the cut. The Cule
bra cut runs northeastward from Pan
ama, on the westward 6i8e of the isth
mus, where the Pacific terminal of the
canal is designed to be made.
In the party who footed it through
the cut were the luckless number of
BY LTMAN E. COOI/ET.
In the Panama Cut.
does not wish t-#r heaven." and on Fol-
Iette's grave a mourner has placed
these words: "My dear Follette. thou
who wert always fa'thful and intelli
gent, we regwt thee much. Repose in
peace." Near the entrance io ihe ceme
tery stands a row of battered stones
from graves the leases of which have
expired.
-A woman was sentenced by a Virginia Judge a few days
since to serve an imprisonment of ten years for planning a
railroad wreck in which several lives were lost and much
property was destroyed. This verdict presents two distress
ing^phases. It is criminal in its inadequacyuf-the woman
is guilty and horrifying if she is innocent. She should have
been hanged or set free. The next railroad wreck in Vir
ginia will probably prove it.
Comparative Values.
By association with danger sailormen
become toughened and hardened -Uo
those incidents In the daily grind that
mean risk to if not loss of human life.
It is a part and parcel of the mariner's
occupation to fight for existence. So it
is that those who go down to the sea in
ships sometimes become calloused to
the mere snuffing out of a mortal being.
In testimony wJtiereof this story:
Bluff and gruff old "limejuicer" that
he was, a strong, sturdy, character was
the veteran Captain Bryan, for many
years port captain , ogthe Occidentr.l
and Oriental Steamshfp Company. He
was known the length and breadth of
thr~water front as a typical British sea
dog. For forty years he had sailed the
oceans and when he abandoned the
winds and waves it was \ to take a post
ashore that shoul<L^keep him in close
touch with his former duties on, the
poop.
As nort captain the veteran skipper
had the important duty, among many
others, of superintending the discharge
of the "O. and O." China and Japan
liners. One of these, the Gaelic, was
being emptied of her valuable cargo of
silks, rice, fa and other Oriental wares
one night at the Mail Dock. Captain
Bryan was busy as a-beaver directing
the job. They were working at the
mqnent on silk, transferring the valu
able stuff to freight cars for a hurry
trip across the continent. A bale hi
silk Is a bale of silk, and Captain Bryan
knew well its value.
In the midst 0/ the bustle there was a
splash alongside the dock. The excited
rush of men to the pier's edge v and a
cry for ropes attracted Bryan. The
"old man" ambled over to the scene
with a:
"What's dolns here?"
"Man overboard," was the response
from a dozen throfts.
"Huh," grunted Bryan quickly turn
ing on his heel and yelling for the
stevedores to get at work, "I thought
it was a bale of silk."
have not heard that he was disarmed. No one in this State
can carry concealed weapons without a permit.. That is the
law. Under ij if a man can prove to the proper public au
thority that he is reasonably apprehensive of personal danger
he can get a permit to carry arms. Those who go' armed
without such permit are guilty of a misdemeanor and should
be punished: .When a man threatens another with violence
he should be reported to the police, arrested ind searched
for weapons, to be disarmed if he have them and then fined
or put in jail for carrying them. No man has a right to
carry arms to protect himself against the consequences of his
own truculence or habitual -bullying of others.
It is time for California to purge her reputation in this
respect, and this last instance of wanton slaughter should
serve as the inducement of a crusade that will part the fool
and his gun.
THE WATER SUPPLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor . . .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
. . _ - ¦ ; ; — Q ; — ; •
Publication Office «^^^>> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY ••••'•• NOVEMBER ?8, 1003
THI^-SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 3903.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESFORMER RECEIVER OF THE
MINT. WHO DIED THANKS
GIVING DAT.
Kqep the pores. of the skin open and
free. This can be done by bathing fre
quently In hot water. An independent
water heater can be purchased of San
Francisco Gas & Electric Co., 415 Post. •
Walla Walla Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men and Kahweah Coun
cil of the Degree of Pocahontas will
Jointly give a masquerade ball in Na
tive Sons' Hall to-night.
An Indian Masquerade.
All the pending cases in the United
States Circuit Court were postponed
yesterday until December 15, on which
date Judge Cornelius H. Hanford will
preside. Judge Morrow will depart on
Tuesday for Washington, where he will
attend a meeting of the directors of the
Carnegie Institute-
Judge Hanford Will Preside.
The suit of Oscar Cole against the
Southern Pacific Company was dis
posed of yesterday In the United States
Circuit Court by the defendants con
senting to a judgment for $500. The
suit had been brought for $10,000 for
personal injuries.
Railroad Suit Settled.
Albert Jones, a bellboy at the Colum
bia Hotel, 1076 Bush street, was arrest
ed by Detective Reynolds for stealing
a diamond ring belonging to Mrs. Taus
slg. one of the boarders. Reynolds
found the ring in Jones* room in the
Phillips House, on Sixth street, and
when he notified Mrs. Tausslg yester
day of the fact she said she would not
prosecute Jones. The police will hold
Jones pending an investigation as to
his past life.
Will Not Prosecute Bellboy.
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Hav
ing all kinds, we can fit any hand. Prices
from $1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street, selling agents
for the "Waterman." "Regal" and the
"Marshall" fountain pens. •
Aimer F. Veale, who resigned as ex
ecutor of the will of the late John I).
Taylor last June, petitioned the Su
perior Court yesterday for permission
to amend his resignation. He says that
his resignation as it now stands con
tains statements that are not true and
that he signed It at the request of Bee
Taylor, the other executor of the will,
believing that it contalrfed nothing but
a plain notice of his desire to withdraw.
Wants to Change Resignation.
The Maison Riche Catering Company,
of which R. A. and Frank A. Ely and
William Richardson are directors, filed
an answer yesterday to the suit for an
accounting of Ernest H. Forst, a stock
holder In the concern. The answer is
a general denial of the charges of fraud
made by Forst.
Files Answer to Forst's Suit.
Mrs. Rose Dunne, 705 Greenwich
street, wife of a milkman, was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charg
ing her with an assault with a deadly
weapon. The complaining witness is
A. Dondero, a grocer at Gieenwlch
and Mason streets, who alleges that on
Wednesday night Mrs. Dunne struck
his wife -with a valise containing a
slate. Mrs. Dunne declares that Mrs.
Dondero attack her first with the valise
and she took it from her and hit her
with it.
Milkman's Wife Arrested.
Edward Harry Day was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Detectives Regan
and O'Connell and booked at the City
Prison on three charges of burglary.
He is accused of having entered the
room of A. Jansson, 614 Kearny street,
on November 22 and stealing a valise
containing tools and cooking utensils;
the room of John McAnna and stealing
J75 worth of machinist's tools and the
room of a baker. All the stolen prop
erty was recovered by the detectives
from a Eecond-hand store on Third
street, where they had been sold.
Arrested for Burglary.
Fletcher was about 30 years of age
and had -worked as a laborer in the gas
works. He had a quarrel with his wife,
and left her several days ago, during the
whole of which period he drank exces
sively. Early yesterday afternoon he
called on his wife and asked her to ac
company him for a walk. Her father. P.
McCoy, objected, and Fletcher asked Mc-
Coy to go with him, which Invitation Mc-
Coy accepted. Fletcher went into W. J.
Hatman's saloon, on Fillmore street,
near by. and drank a glass of soda water.
Then going outside he shot himself.
James Fletcher of 1924V* Filbert
street walked to the corner of Webster
and Chestnut streets at half-past 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon, drew a re
volver out of his hip pocket, placed the
muzzle against his left breast and fired.
The bullet passed through his heart and
he fell to the sidewalk, expiring instant
ly. The deed was witnessed by his
father-in-law, P. McCoy, and by W. H.
Depew.
James Fletcher Goes on a Spree and
Sends a Bullet Into His
Heart.
QUARREL WITH A 'WIFE
LEADS TO A SUICIDE
Reverses, however, did not deter him
and he soon embarked in business
again, together with his two sons, un
der the firm name of D. E. Allison &
Co., which is to-day one of the leading
houses of the wholesale quarter. The
firm of which he was the senior mem
ber was a member of the Wholesale-
Fruit arid Produce Dealers' Protective
Association, and as a mark cf the es
teem in which he, was held by his fel
low members all of the leading houses
in the fruit market were closed at an
early hour on Thursday out of respect
to his memory.
Mr." Allison leaves a wife and two
sons, D. E. Jr. and Edward R. Allison.
Upon his arrival In California he em
barked In the commission business and
from a small beginning gradually be
came the most prominent dealer in
town. For years he did an im'mense
business and was prosperous until he
met with reverses through outside
speculation, and for a while was forced
to retire from business and Into private
life.
David ~rskine Allison, for many
years a leading commission merchant
of this city, passed away at his home
in this city last Wednesday after a long
illness. Mr. Allison was widely and
favorably known and the news of his
death was received with regret among
his many friends not only in this city
but throughout the entire State, where
his integrity and business ability gave
him a high placf in the estimation of
country producers and dealers. Mr.
Allison was born In Iowa in 1£41.
Death Claims David Erskine Allison,
One of the City's Most Promi
nent Business Men.
WELL KNOWN AND HONORED
MERCHANT PASSES AWAY
Richard Cotter, a teamster, 70 years
old, died yesterday afternoon while
loading his wagon at the corner of Post
and Baker streets. Heart failure was
the cause of death.
Teamster Dies at Work.
sylvania and came to California in 1850. !
He engaged in mining with varying '
success until he was appointed Re- i
ceiver of the Mint, and at the explra- 1
tlpn of his term In that office he was j
appointed first deputy Assessor of the j
city, which position he held for eight I
years. In 1SS3 he purchased a half-in
terest In the undertaking establishment
of Craig & Co., and remained actively
in business until about seven years
ago, when he retired with a fortune.
He was one of the organizers of the
Territorial Pioneers' Association, and
in 1S50 he became an Odd Fellow and
during the subsequent years held many
important offices in that order. He was
also a member of St. Andrew's Society. ;
Mr. Cochran's only living relative Is
his nephew, Smith Cochran of Chicago,
who inherits the property left by de
ceased and who Is coming here to at
tend the funeral, which will be held at
1 o'clock Tuesday afternoon from the
residence. 1420 Hyde street, to the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church on
Mission street, near Sixth. Interment
will be in Cypress Lawn, where a broth
er and a sister of the deceased no\r
rest. :
Joseph Park Cochran, who from 1664 j
till 1S68 served as Receiver of the Mint ¦
in this city, died last Thursday in his j
seventy-sixth year. When appointed to i
the Important Federal position by Pres- j
ident Grant he was one of the most j
prominent men In San Francisco's po- i
litical and social life, and the news of j
his demise will convey genuine regret
to many of the town's residents at that I
time. For seventeen consecutive years '
he was president of the Ivy Club, then
the leading and most select social or
ganization in the West, and he was one
of Its last surviving members.
Mr. Cochran was a native of Penn-
Joseph Park Cochran, For
mer Receiver of the Miot,
Passes Awav.
Reception — James A. Force, chairman: R. C.
Hackley. I). P. Boothe. R. Tuttle. J. R. Ca
hill. R. E. l>emerrltt. I* Stelnfeld. E. S.
Rust, O. !*. A-lams. Albln Fowell, J. M. Wolf
eohn, J. U. Dobbins. Misses F. A. Parker,
Marr Smith. N. H. McCarthy, F. H. Forfron
aDd M. I. Knleht.
Arrangements — F. H. XlcConnell. chairman;
Herbert Thompson. S. S. Hawley, Oliver Orrick
Jr., Harmon Wlckscn. A. C. Keane. H. F.
Han-old, J. I. O'Connell. G. J. Anisloff. U. D.
Bishop, Mi*s*s Myrtle Slxr.s, Katherine Stone
and F. J. Bruns.
At the conclusion of the matinee the
authors, actors and members of the
committee in charge were showered
with compliments on the success of the
performance. The committee consisted
of Robert O. Hoedpl (chairman), Miss
Ethel Richardson, Miss Hazel McGraw,
Miss Greta Augustine. Harry Dehm,
Nathaniel Eddy, Joseph P. Loeb,
Themas E. Risey, Shirlay Houghton,
William T. Hale and Norman C. Stines.
Junior day was brought to a fitting
close last evening with a "prom" at'
Berkeley at which the crush was ter
rific. The hall was elaborately • deco
rated with holly, palms and electric ef
fects. The affair was in charge of these
committees:
Emil Kruschke's three-act farce, "A
Pair of Papas." was also brimful of ef
fective situations and catchy lines. It
was the story of a collegian In love who
transformed his parental roof into a
summer boarding-house, with a Hi
bernian tramp as landlord. In order to
make opportunity to meet the object of
his adoration. The piece fairly reeked
of clean-cut fun. which all the charac
ters had a fairly divided chance to de
velop.
COMPLIMENTS FOB, ALL.
The dialogue, too, was bright, and th*
students in the cast made the very
most of their excellent opportunities
for individual and collective hit-scor
ing. It was a unique conception cf the
ludicrous that had a stuttering lover
intrust to a phonograph equipped with
a specially prepared record the proposal
of marriage which he was afraid his
defective Dower of speech might mar
in delivery. And it was in harmony
with the farcical idea that the proposal
should be addressed to. a lady for whom
It was not Intended and that its In
tended recipient should be regaled with
a selection arranged for the entertain
ment of barroom habitues. The people
in the cast were Trow W. Hendrlck,
Mark R. Daniels, Oliver S. Orrick, Gar
field J. Anloff, Mary Durand and Alice
M. Phillips.
William C. Crittenden, the class presi
dent, ooened the proceedings with a
neat address, in which he pointed to the
significance of junior day and reviewed
the achievements of the class In ath
letic and intellectual endeavor. Then
came the curtain-raiser, a one-act farce
entitled "A Record Proposal," which
was written by Mark Roy Daniels and
reflected a genuine ingenuity of plot
and situation— those essentials to suc
cessful play writing.
DIALOGUE IS GREAT.
As many people as could be crushed
into the big Central Theater yesterday
afternoon enjoyed the "opening of the
annual junior day celebration by means
of which the Junior class of 1905, Uni
versity of California, celebrated its ad
mittance to upper classdom. The en
tertainment consisted of two original,
dramatic productions written and acted
by students, and the applause that
greeted the players and rewarded their
efforts throughout the performance was
spontaneous and unstinted. The fac
ulty and their wc-men folk occupied th£
boxes, and every seat in p^rquette and
gallery had an occupant, while the side
aisles and lobby were packed with per
sons who evidently relished their privi
lege of filling up the "standing room
onlv."
Inez E. Ray Harrison filed a suit for
a divorce yesterday against Mahlcm C.
Harrison of the Insurance brokerage
firm of Ji. C. Harrison & Co. She
charges him with extreme cruelty and
in a complaint containing more than
twenty closely written . typewritten
pages makes many allegations in sup
port of her claim that for the last three
years she has been a much abused and
shamefully treated wife. They were
married at Rays Landing, Oregon, May
3, 1S98. and have been residing at 2751
Broadway. .
Harrison's alleged fondness for other
women than his wife is the averred
cause of the rift in their matrimonial
happiness. His wife says that both in
public and in private her husband has
lavished his affections upon other
women, greatly to her humiliation and
sorrow and has frequently threatened
to harm her and has struck her because
she protested. She says that in every
hotel at which they stopped in Port
land, Ore., in this city and in New York
he caused her great grief because of his
actions with various women. Cooks,
waitresses, nurses and typewriters, all
under 20, says Mrs. Harrison, were the
objects of his love. She says further
that at their home in this city he mis
conducted himself, bringing thereto all
sorts of disreputable characters of both
sexes. She says he thought nothing of
kissing and caressing these women in
her presence and made no objections
and did not offer to defend her when
they made proposals that she should
not have been compelled to hear.
Henriette Hess secured an interlocu
tory decree of divorce from Leopold
Hess on the ground of desertion in
Judge Hebbard's court yesterday. She
will receive $50 a month alimony until
such time as she remarries, in which
case she forfeits it.
C. K. Roof was granted an Jnteloc
utory decree from Florence Roof. She
deserted him.
Suits for divorce were filed by Kate
C. Baily against John J. Baily for de
sertion. Olaf Nelson against Alma Xel
son for cruelty and Mary M. "Wisley
against John O. Wisley for neglect.
Dramatic Peformance at the
Central and "Prom"
at Berkeley.
Says That His Attentions to
Other Women Are
Humiliatirg.
Judge Cabaniss was in a sympathetic
mood. He remembered that as a small
boy he carried water to the elephants
for the privilege of seeing the circus
end when this employment was denied
him he crawled under the tent.
He dismissed the charge against the
youth and allowed him to go, saying
If the boy had seen the fight he would
have been punished enough. Every one
present concurred and the boy went his
Joseph Fnrd. a youth who has a pen
chant for seeing prize fights, was up
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday,
charged with sawing his way into Me
chanics' Pavilion. Ford labored hard
and when he had cut a wide hole he
crawled into the pavilion and was
grabbed- by a policeman.
yer ever seen. He come* into my place
and puts on an awful front. He says
to me, 'I represent the Board of Pub
lic Works." and he makes a flash and
I see he's the goods. Well, he bluffs
about examining the place and then
cinches me for .J2. He does it so fast
dat I shell out before I can get wise
and Ife's nfj with me money."
Further testimony showed that
James B»hra, a teamster, had entered
Fiynn's saloon at 1552 Folsom street
and represented himself as an officer.
As soon as Flynn discovered he had
be*>n mulcted he swore to a warrant
charging Behrn with extortion. The
prisoner was held to answer and his
bonds fixed at J2000.
"Judge." said Pat Flynn. saloon
keeper, "this guy was the nerviest coot
about the capture, but said he found
no weapons on either man. The Judge
looked over the pair and decided the
score was about even. He discovered
also that they were working men and
he allowed them to go their v.av.
"Ah Fays to Mister Willyums that he
\vas no pentleman and he said mah
lady frien" was r.o lady. Judge, ah
couldn't stand fo* that, could I?"
Judpe Mogan did not care to arpue
the ethics cf the case and told the de
fendant to continue.
"Then Mister Willyums. who is no
gentleman, tried to ca've mah face
with his razzcr, so I objected. He ran
at me and swun^ at m<? and ah ducked,
'cause ah knew that nigger was mean
ing: business. Ah guess we cut each
other, but ah can't remember what
happened in dat fracas. Ah ran away
'cause ah didn't v.ant to be killed and
have some udder fellow steal mah
sweetheart. The policeman grabbed
me and then grabbed my 's=aiJent."
Officer Joy corroborated the witness
" There'll be razors a flyin' in <!e air"'
hummed Judge Mogan as he listened to
the charge of assault to murder aeainet
Alfred Williams, colored, and Lester
Mapp. of the same complexion.
""Mister Willyums is no gentleman."
said Mister Mapp. "He invited me to
have a drink, but was too cheap to in
vite mah lady frien' and ah told him so.
Then. Judge, as shuah as yrr bo'n,
that nieper he pulled a razzer and in
pelf-defense ah pulled mine and mah
lady frien' she hollered.
"Madam, you are charged with ob
tainir.c money on false pretenses. What
have yoa to say?"' asked Judge Mogan,
c:sr- -arciing her claim that she was of
the masculine gender.
.Wah;r.g. sir. I admit I asked for
money, but did not act criminally."
Judpe Mogan looked pityingly on the
Ftranpe figure before him and found
her guilty of vagrancy. 1 Mi?s Matson
will spend a few months In the County
Jail and despite her protests will be
forced to discard her male attire for
skirts.
Louisa Matson. alias M. B. Matson,
the woman ivho has been masquerading
as a man for the last twenty-five years,
appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day. Louisa was the cynosure of all
eyes. This did not bother her in the"
least. She did not droop her head and
blush, nor did her high treble falter as
she brazenly told the court Ehc was a
. If looks could have killed. Coroner
Leland would have been called in then
and there. The court read the letters,
listened to the evidence and told the
two to depart In peace. Proceedings
for divorce are likely. Cochen will fight
the case, as he does not want his wife
to marry Crape.
Similar letters addressed to Mrs.
Ccchen fell into the husband's hands,
and he sought Crape, but failed to find
him until Thursday night. Had Fitz
simmons and Gardner fought as well
the crowd would have come away sat
i?n>d. Cochen remembered that Crape
had bought Mrs. Cochen a diamond
ring and given her $20 to pay fees for
filing suit for a divorce. This nerved
him to greater deeds. He slugged and
kicked, and he and Crape rolled down
a flight of stairs and Into the street.
Policeman Cavanagh found the pair
lecked In a fond embrace, hair tousled
and filling the air with choice expres
sions. He took the two Into custody
ar.d they appeared before Judge Fritz
yesterday morning.
Arthur Edward Crape's eye was in
mourning, and he glared out of the
other optic at Charles Cochen, his as
sailant. Cochen is posing as the in
jured husband. He says he has good
cause for being grieved, and showed
the following extract from a letter sent
by Crape to his wife:
'I, Arthur Edward Crape, do declare
that I love you as much as -you love
me. and if you will be my pretty wife
I will do what is right. Amen."
Judge Cabaniss ordered that Burness
put up a bond of $500 to keep the peace.
He must remain in Jail until he can
raise the money.
Emil Rurness intends inserting an
advertisement in the daily papers for
some one to put up $500 to get him out
of jail. He languishes in the City
Prison, and will remain in durance vile
until he can gather the necessary
shekels to secure his liberation.
Emil has been thrusting his atten
tions on a married woman, and the
lady objects. She has had him arrested
on a charge of threats to kill, and her
statement to the court, which is cor
roborated by other witnesses, proves
Burners to be a dangerous man. He
has drawn a gun and threatened to
kill unless*. Mrs. Clara Sterling of 20
Frpelon street will be his wife. Mrs.
Sterling is satisfied with her better
half ar.d declines to leave him for Bur
ness.
The court dismissed the charge and
the innocent men left 'the courtroom,
sympathizing with each other. .
"¦Carroll was yelling loudly for help,"
said Peterson, ".and my friend and my
self rushed out of the house to help
him. Xo sooner had we appeared than
a policeman came on us and Carroll
accused us of robbing him. "We tried
to explain, but the 'cop' took us to
Jail."
Never again will C. A. Peterson and
E. A. "Watson play the part of good
Samaritans. According to the state
ments they made In court yesterday
they will mind their ov.-n business in
future. Both men were charged with
robbery and the alleged victim was C.
Carroll, a laboring man.
The soldiers three failed to material
ize in court, so Judge Mogan issued
bench warrants. The spectators are
curious to gaze on the defenders of the
flag. Even money was wagered they
were fit subjects for the hospital.
Corporal Daniel Sylvester and Police
man Barry appeared in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday with their hands
swathed in bandages. Barry complained
of dislocated knuckles and Sylvester of
a bad wrist. The injuries were received
while battling with Guy Newman,
Joseph Jones and Alfred Posntr. mem
bers of the Fifteenth Infantry. United
States army. Barry had a fantan
playing Chinaman in custody and the
soldiers went to the rescue. Barry
swung with his right and one soldier
went down. The other two piled in and
Barry was having a merry seance when
Sylvester got into the game. He
handled himself well and in a few min
utes the three soldiers were «n custody,
but the wily Chink escaped in the ex
citement.
way. In future he will give up the
fighting game, as the average contest
Is not worth so much trouble.
Mrs. Harrison Claims
Husband Wrecked
Her Life.
Junior Day Celebrated
by U. O. Class
of 1905.
Judge Mogan Finds Her Guilty of Vagrancy
and Sends Her Back to Prison — In
teresting Gossip of the Police Court
STUDENT ACTORS
SHINE IN FARCE
ACCUSES SPOUSE
OF FICKLENESS
MASQUERADING WOMAN
IS BROUGHT TO TIME
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1903.
OLD RESIDENTS
MOURN PASSING
OF A PIONEER
9
POSTUH CEREAL.
BABY COFFEE TOPERS
Were Given Coffee at 2 Years of Age.
"My mother always gave her children
coffee to drink from the time they were
eld enough to hold a cup, consequently
I used It from the time I was 2 years
old to my eighteenth year," says a
young lady of Potomac, III.
•'Although I never suspected it, cof-
fee was all this time undermining my
health, and suddenly, without any
¦warning. I was taken with nervous
prostration. At times I could scarcely
breathe and my face twitched continu-
fiJiy.
? "I was almost helpless and my stom-
ach was out of order all the time. For
three years I was treated, with only
temporary relief, having to stay in bed
nearly all the time. Then my uncle, an
old physician, came to visit us. and as
soon as he had studied my case a little
bit he said:
" "Let me get you a square meal. I
think I can make better coffee than
any one in this house.'
"So I waited patiently, for I did love
pood coffee, and I thought I had never
ta=t*>d Fuch delicious coffee as that was,
and I wondered why others could not
make it Just the same. So uncle told
me he wotrfd tea-h them just how it
was made.
"In this way I drank Postum Coffee
for nearjy a month before I knew it. I
found my stomach getting so much
better and all my troubles disappear-
ing, and in a few weeks I was up and
around the house again and stronger
and better than I had been for a long
time. I am still growing stronger every
day, and I am doing my best to get my
friends to do away with coffee and use
Postum in its place.
"Coffee almost ruined me and I know
it. and I know the only way that I got
rid of it and got well was by drinking
Postum in its place. I have found out
4 that you must be careful to follow di-
l rections on the Postum package to
make good Postum." Name given by
Postum Co- Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
Wellville." 1
I « ADVEBTTSTTMTrwrS. ¦
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must tear
Fac-sMle Signature of /^^^g^-
SICK HEADACHE. |p:| fj \g &T ICf
torpid liver. p£| H w ft™ 8^
/£flB \M FURRED TONGUE, glfi m^o D | £*
ffiffl Mk INDIGESTION. MM O| |_!_^&H
$ uf CONSTIPATION -J1^JL~ "
sallow skin mBmamSBSBg^BBBmBm
_ Small Piir.
Tu Xn i I^U u 1 I Xf fi= R 8m *" 0<M *
They I UUOn the (La H XT » — • It Small Price.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on T t*
PED PAPER BLACK LETTERS S&^^?^?2rzrzS*
Look for the Signature r 17*^**^' +S^7Zrz^
AMTJSEHZUTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY
AT 2 SHARP.
Positively Last Night.
Curtain Rises at 8 Sharp.
KLAW & ERLANGER'a
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
ben huf*
Dramatized by William Your.e.
Music by Edgar SUllntan Keliey.
Prices — 32. S1.50, SI. 75c cud 50c.
TO-MOBEOW SUNDAY M ATINEB
Opealnsr of the Besrular Combination
Season. For Ona 'Week Only.
The Famous Scenic Melodrama,
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Attonadictr Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Doat Kiss the Realistic and Marvelous
ZTlafirara Falls Scene.
Popular Prices — 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
SEATS NOW OZT SALE.
REGULAR MATINEES — STTITOAY.
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
fALIFQRNTfl
Uj MATINEE TO-DAY. jP 3^
1 THE BIG HIT. 'J \
Al. I 1 M C, GREAT CAST.
f%| pv ESTHA WILLIAMS.
vJL,L/ JAMES BROPHY.
r*TYp| Q Q JANE CORCORAN.
y-'tsSJ+J^ JULIA BLANC
ROADS. |«-«*»*
MHJ ALL HEXT W2EI. |g"O
IhelatkD
(UUbUEvSj!&!f& IEAD1S3 TREATS
matineITto-day.
To-Nlght— Last Time.
VIRGINIA HARNED
In Plnero'. Masterpiece.
••IRIS"
Sunday Night. November 23 — German per-
formance by a strong cast,
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL"
("At the White Horse Tavern.")
Next Monday— Elaborate Production ef
The Greatest of All Pastoral Plays.
WAY DOWN EAST.
SEATS NOW READY.
A T /"^ A 17 A fkBelasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR sFss.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY AND SUN.
"The Alcazar Company has never been m>
•well balanced as now." — Chronicle. \
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter.'*— Examiner.
A POOR NEXT
RELATION aT S o K
An ideal performance, quaintly humorous,
and delightfully pathetic.
Evg.. 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 13c to 50c.
MONDAY. DEC. 7 — The Romance of Russia,
A ROYAL PRISONER.
CENTRALS
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
* TO-KIOHT- LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Immensely Successful Comedy Melodrama,
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
Vivid Pictures of Life In San Francisco's Ori-
ental Quarter!
Scenes on the \'Barbary Coast."
The Police Raid on the Opium Decs!
Thrilling Incidents'. V Humor in Abundance!
nnirCC Evenings 1 ...10c to 50c
PKIttb Matinees..... 10c. 15c. 23c
MosdJiy. November 30.
THE COUNTERFEITERS.
FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 29. at 3 p. m.
In
STEINWAY HALL.
Another Piano Recital will be given by Mr.
Percival K. Van Ycnt at the piano, wlta
the aid of
THE ANGELUS.
SOLOIST.
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may b« secured at our
store any time befcr« the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
[¦«vl Kearny and Sutler sts.. S. S\
Racing !l|!lij$> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
OwnmenfiTiK; November 14. |
' Raetos Each Week Day. Rala or Sfclaa.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commenc* at 2:15 p, ra. aharpi.
For special trains stopping at th* track tak*
8 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at IX
li:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking ta
Ia«t two can. which ar* reserved for ladlM
and their escorts. *
Returning, trains leavs track at 4:15 aad
4:45 and Immediately after tha last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY TV. TREAT, Secretan ,»
AMT7SE3IZNTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
SATURDAVand SUNDAY
November 28 and 29.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 o'clock sharp. Sunday coursing will b»-
gln at 10:30 sharp and continue till Ia3t win*
clng Sag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES- — $860
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which :o direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERXET. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. NOV. SS.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
, Annie Abbott; Annenis-Tito Quar-
tette; Bryant and Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen, and Orpheum
Motion Pictures, Illustrating the
Life of Napoleon. Last times of
Wright Hun tin gt on and Company;
Three Zolars; Serra and Bella-Rosa
and the Brittons.
ONLY A f DAYS
FEW | MORE
| RUBES AND ROSES j
THE HIT OF HITS.
SPECIAL.
XEXT MONDAY XIGHT— A marvelous!*
funny, strictly new and original buriesqua ta
be produced am none has ever been presented.
Our "All-Star" Caat. Including Kolb and
Dill. Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blake. Maud*
Amber. Georgia CRamey. Ben T. Dillon.
FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE
ALTHEA TWXXT SXSTXBS.
SEATS^OW ON SALE.
A Great Show Etary Aflsrnaon and EKnlng
in tba Beater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INTANT
INCUBATORS.
HAMADBYAS Z3T TSE ZOO I
LOTS OF FCN K* THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Through the MIRROR MAZE.
When Phoning Ask for 'Th* Chutes."
Paiarp dont fail to
taiaWV 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
fl flfl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
n j PALM ROOM, tho
linillQ LOUIS XV PAR.
ui auu LOR^ and the
O J.~1_ DIES' WRITINQ
I Hotels roqm-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GP^AT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor b d Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodUlaa and Spectai
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells oa its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS A BRUXE. Aienw.
323 Market rt.. S. F.— Oend for Circular* >
¦ Aa jl|i aa m Cored to 5TAT CCBZD. Crsa»
ll\ I U IUI 11 t«k»i*>T.rr»tnr». tMthf^Vlj
HO I nllflH hl "i > » 11 *" ilt ' *» "Jtkt« r f«
¦ ¦ %r ¦ Illllll BATwhm. Ho farmer am* «rf
iwheiM* Book 00 FREE. XUWFMr"*a!l%!»««
Aithm* »ad H*y Iwm. t. Hitmln H«jw. Bgfffcto, ar.T»
I ADVEBTISE3IENTS- .
rReal EasyNl
Save lots of ||
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chinaware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
J£^, Get our prices ft
|jr Great American Importing JM
W Tea Co. *fll
Thai's the Reason. X
861 Market. 1410 Polk. 1S1» Devisadero.
210 Grant av. 70fi Larktn. 3006 Sixteenth.
140 Slsih. 475 Halght. 621 Monts'y av.
SR5 Hayep. 2516 Mission. 32J& Mission.
146 Ninth. 82 Market. 366 Third.
2008 Flllmore. 2732 24th. 4C9 Fourth.
Bis the mark of II
§9 CLUETT, PEABODY A CO. Ipf
|S . "** MAKERS j||
JOY BELLC
A Story of Quinnebasset
I By SOPHIE MAY 1
America's Greatest Living Wiiter
for Ycung Peoph, is the best new
book to read oKto give a triend-
At Booksellers'. $1 net: postpaid *1.10.
I.EE ft SEEFABS, Boitoa.
fcl IM ¦¦III III! MJMrtlf
H b 1 fee Breffl e3 ESJ! BBSkii
Always. Remember . the FaUJNgme
¦ axanvG I&ronio fjijynmg
CorCS aCoW in One Day, Grip in 2 Days
w. /fcj£yrw%&> ben. 25cJOHN D. SPRECKELS & BROS.' COMPANY'S NEW TOWBOAT DAUNT
LESS. WHICH YESTERDAY HAD HER TRIAL TRIP, AND CAP
TAIN J. J. SHEA, WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED TO COMMAND.
Ends a Rough Voyage.
The ship W. H. Macy, Captain Groth,
which arrived yesterdaro twenty-one
days from Loring^was of the
salmon, fleet toH>reach~port and she
brought the banner cargo r? the season.
87,000 cases. On board the Macy xvese
fifty Japanese, ninety-five Chinese ane
forty white cannery employe© Al
though the Macy made good time frQn
port to yfort she encountered some ter
rific weather and sustained not a little
damage. Q
While off Queen ChVrlotte Island,
November 8 and 9, heavy 7 gaJes sprang
up from the southeast and Southwest.
The vessel was thrown on her beam
ends. Three water tanks were washed
overboard, two boats were stove in and
another swept away altogether. The
rudder head was sprung and a num
ber of sails blown away. TLi storm
caused a panic among the Chinese pas
sengers, who disappeared below decks
and were lost , to" sight until the seas
calmed downl'
Overdue Charlonus Is Saf e^
The Norw«ian bark Charlonus, which has
been on the overdue list for a long tlm*! but
ha« been quoted only at 10 per cent reinsur
ance, yesterday pasi>»d Dover In eafety. Sho
Is out 145 days frqr\ Bunbury for the United
Kingdom. The other overdues are quoted as
follows: liurtler, 20 per cent; Fifeghlre 50
per cent; Paris. 00 per cent; Talca 15 per
cent; Lindisfarne, 45 per cent; Thalia 1M) per
cent; La Bruyere. 25 per cent; Beech'dale 10
per cent; Marechal de Custries. 15 per cent, 'ana
ThornJIebank. 10 per cent.
Tacoma Leaves To-l/ay.
The cruiser Tacoma will leave st 10 o'clock
this morninK for Santa Barbara, where she
will be given her official trial. The new war
vessel was out yesterday for several hours
adjusting compasses and giving- the builders
an opportunity to give her a good look over
before Uncle Sam's representatives take her
In charge and put her through an exacting
course of sprouts. She will return the latter
part of next week.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Found Wearing Stolen Jewelry.
G*oree Albln, a waiter, was nirested yes
terday by the harbor police cn't'e charge of
breaking Into the trunk of a waiter employed
on the steamship Alaroeda and etealinz there
from a gold watch, chain and locket and $49"
When arrested Albln was^ wearing the stolen
Jewelry and had $34 "in his pockets. He was
charged with burglary.
I* jited States 'Ccast | and .'-, Geodetio Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to tian Francisco
Bay. ' Published by official authority ot the
Superintendent. . ', . ¦¦, ¦-.:-'., -,.-. >.
NOTE — The. high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about '25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; 'the height of tide
is the same at both placets. /.,*.*; .~<*P*-» .
Saturday,-. nov; 28. v ; ;
Sun . rises .....: ...;.•.. . . . . ........ 7 :04 a; m.
Sun seta k ". ....: ..... ... ..;;.. r.-.-. . -4 :52 p. i m.
Moon sets ... ...¦..¦¦¦'.... 12 :30 a.' m.
C3 |Time Time ,: Time >¦ Time
5. j Ft.' Ft." — — Ft. 1 • Ft.
?¦ 1H W L W : ,;..< H W ' . L W . .
28 6:47 5.2-1:11 2.6 -7:06 -3.8 ..:'.v|.....
L W H W L W H W
29> 0:34 1.6 7:24 5.2 1:50 , 1.6 .8:14 ..4.0
30 1:20 1.9 8:00 5.4 2:30 ' 1.0 :fi:12 4.2
1 2:05 2.1 8:32 ¦ 5.C 3:12 ~ 0.3 10:08 i 4.4
2 2:52 2.3 0:08 . 5.8 3:54 10:59 i 4.6
3 3:35 -2.4 9:44 5.0 4:36 —O.7 11:491 4.8
;4 I 4 :20|?2.5 10:25) j 6.0 , 5:19 j'1.0 :;». ,'.| . . . . .
NOTE-^-In ' the above exposition i of .the'.' tides
the early morning tides are. given in, the left
hand column and the : successive : tides . of ; the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column . si vea the last tl de of the
Slightly Hurt in Bunaway.
Philip Home, the seven-year-old son of
Isidore Home of: 1225 Market street, was
thrown from a buggy yesterday on East street,
but escaped with a few superficial bruises'
Home senior left the youngster !n the bug~y
and during his absence- the horse ran away,
colliding with a coal wagon and throwing out
the youngster. /
Loses Anchor and Chains.
The British ship Dudhope, from ' Antwerp
for Port Loa Angeles, ' which was ' reported
LIVERPOOI^— -Arrived Nov " 9^-Br . stmr Ty
deus/'froni-London,-'for /Seattle."--- « - ; - --.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived. rrlor: to. Nov. 26— Br
•hip' Melanops, from ". Port Ludlow. •. ; • . ' . _
' PHILADELPHIA— Cleared' Nov 25— Ship
Arthur * Bewail. - for * New - - York.'t and • passed
Reedy -; Island . on . the 26th In ; tow. > ,; ¦ • \
... »\; -FOREIGN, PORTS. • -
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov '. 20 — Stmr Sonoma,
for ' Sail Francisco. "•: Nov 27 — Stmr I China,": for
San Francisco. ; . ..- . -.- .- -'. ¦ - •
TATOOSH— Passed In . Nov ; 27— Stmr Shaw
mut, from Hongkong..— • - -' ¦¦
Passed oih Nov 27— Schr , AM Baxter. " for
San Dlflffo; nchr Camano, -for San Pedro; Nor
Btmr Tltanla, for San Dlego;bark Hecla.from
Port Hadlock, for San Francisco: stmr Mon
tara, from Seattle, for San -Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov, 27— Stmr , Ri
val, hence Nov -24.' ¦ '-¦ - > '• _'
PORT . HARFORD— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr
Coos » Bay, -for San.Pedro. ¦ ¦¦.-'. .•¦ • . •
-EUREKA— Arrived Nov. 27— Stmr Santa
Monica, l hence Nov 25: stmr Prentias, hence
Nov ;23: U S- stmr JMadronR.*. • ; ' >
Sailed n Nov 27— Stmrs; -Pomona, . Eureka,
North Fork and, Brunswick, for.-San Fran
cisco; schr Fprtuna, . for San- Francisco: schr
Esther Buhne, forSan Pedro.;--" , ¦ , » : • '
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Excelsior,
from ' Valdei : ; stmr :W H Kruser, - hence ' Nov
22: stmr Homer, from Alaska. •- . \- :
Sailed. Nov, 27— Stmr Cottage City, for Bkag
way;* '¦ ' '," : • '.' \ •¦ •' ¦ ¦'. ,"•
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 27— Strar Nome City,
for " San -. Francisco. • - ¦' ' .' '¦
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Nov 27 — Fr ship
Madelaine,- for Queenstown. • •' ¦ - •
COOS • BAY— Barbound -Nov. 26 — Stmr Em
pire.'-, ¦ \ . .¦' .p.-' ¦¦¦ '. ' ¦ -, ¦ ¦..-¦¦- _t
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov '27— Ger bark
Thalassa, . from . Seattle. - - ¦•¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ •>
I PORT , GAMBLE— Arrived Nov .' 27— Schr
Queen, hence Nov 15; schr Nokomls," from San
Pedro.f .---.-'•., •¦•¦•¦.-. ¦-:-. ' -¦ = ¦¦¦¦•- ¦'>--¦¦ ¦¦ .
REDONDO— Sailed , Nov 27— Stmr.- Brooklyn,
for 'San '¦Francisco. ' • • " "
SOUTH -BEND— Sailed : Nov i 27— Schr Vol
unteer, ¦> tot. Sai% Francisco. ., ¦• •
WESTPORT— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Fulton,
hence ' Nov '2C. - »•».-> -•>> '" ¦ ¦ v '¦'., \ , .
PORT, HADWCK- Arrived Nov 27— Brig
Geneva, .from* Honolulu. '¦'¦¦', ' ' -
PORT- TOWNSEND— Sailed Nov. 27— Schr
Camano, .for SaA. Pedro; ship -rHecla, ; for San'
Francisco. - . . ,.. r • • '. •.- -,
BAN;- 1 PEDRO— Sailed -Nov.: 26— Schr ¦"¦ W F
Witzemonn, • for -Tacoma; - - —• -- - * '
' ;- .V ISLAND, PORT.' , - ,-
DOMESTIC • PORTS.
POINT . LOBOS, Nov . 27. , 10 p m— Weather
navy; wind NE, . velocity 22 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Friday, November; 27.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon;Bay.
. Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Queen, Cousins. Victoria and . Puget
Sound ports. . .' • >
Stmr ¦ Senator, Patterson," Eureka. *¦-
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, Koipt Bragg.
Etmr Gipsy, Leland, Winta. Cruz. .
Schr Bessie K, Merrtam, San Vicente Land-
In*. .' ¦ . : . : -| • . . ¦ '<¦ ¦¦.¦
. Schr •' Newark, . Reinertsen, Stewarts Point.
O . , ¦.
Friday, , November .27.
Bchr B«sa!e K. Merrlam/ hence Nov 27, ; for
8an Vicente l^andlnjr. returned on account of
machinery ; being disabled. < ~ :^ ¦,' . .-
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday. . November 27.
Stmr Aztec, Robinson, Tacoma; Pacific Mall
Steamehip C». / ¦ .
Stmr Queen,. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Pacific ¦ Coast Steamship ¦ Co.
Stmr .Senator, Patterson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. I
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co..
CLEARED
Shipping Intel ligeuce.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 27.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 14 hours from Cas
par; bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelaund, 33 hours irom Monte
rey. • ; ¦
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts, 60 hours from San
Pedro and way ports. ¦¦ • ¦ • ¦
Ship W H Maey, Groth, 21 *4ays from Lor
ing. ..... .. :. . .
»£tn Georcina, Brandt, 28 days from Ta
coma, via Neah 25 dai*3. . .
Tug Massle, Corning, * hours from Half
moon Bay. ¦ •- - - -
Schr Virginia, Matson, 7 days from Colum
bia-River. ' .;_.-.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived prior to Nov 26 —
Ship Great Admiral, from Tacoma.
, PERIM — Passed Nov 21 — Br stmr Tele
machus, from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
JUNIN— Sailed. Nov 24— Br bark Iredale,
for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 2&— Br ship Dud
r-ope. ¦ for Port Los Angeles.
* PORT PIRIE— Sailed Nov 20— Bark Sea
Kinp, for Newcastle.
' • NEWCASTLE, -Aus— Sailed Nov 26— Bark St
James, for' Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— r Arrlved Nov 25 — Br Btmr In
dranamha, i from' Oregon. y ;
SUEZ— Arrived Nov 27 — Br stmr Masiaon^.
from Tacoma. ¦
KOBE — Arrived Nov 24 — Br stmr Sagaml,
from Manila, j for New York. Q)
SHIELDS— Sailed Nov 27— Br ship Rajore,
for Oregon. ' -
MAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr City of
Para, for , San ' Frs-nciscoQ
DOVER- Passed -i<Tov 27 — Nor bark Charlo
nus. from .Bunbury, for United Kingdom.
CORONEL— Arrived Nov 24— Stmr Callfor
nlan, from. San Francisco, and sailed Nov 25
for New York. . ¦ ¦
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 27 — Br stmr Indra
velli, from . Yokohama.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.' V
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 27 — Stmr Cevlc,
for New York.
SUEZ— Arriv.ed , Nov 27— Stmr Telemachus,
from Tacoma, via HIoko, Hongkong, Manila
and Batavia, for Marseilles and Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Sailed Nov 27 — Stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool, for Halifax.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov 27 -H^Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool,
and proceeded. . -
Sailed Nav. 27— Stmr Cretic, from Liverpool,
for Boston.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Moltke,
from - Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York. •
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Nov 24 — Stmr
Island, from New? York, via Christiansand.
Will Take Pull Cargo. @
The Pacific Mall company's steamship City
of Sydney, : which will sail at noon to-day for
Panama and ' way ports, carries 2S00 tons of
cargo. ¦ This includes 80^ tons of flour and
200 tons of, lead.- • . .
Neverprocrastinate, but do at once all
things that* should be done; especially,
buy that gas range from San Francisco
Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
Harmony Singing Society.
The Harmony Singing Society will
hold its "annual singing fe3t in San
Francisco. Turner Hall, 353 Turk street,
this evening. A splendid programme
has been 1 arranged. Julius Haug's or
chestra will play - selections and ac
company : the singers. Among those
who will 5 take part are * Mrs. J. Budde,
Julius Haus, S. LevI, Mrs. J. Groen
lnger, Robert Lorentz and Max Dunow.
.The programme is a varied one. ¦ As
this singing society, has many members
and is, very popular among the Ger
mans a bjg attendance is anticipated.
California Calendars, Poppy, Poinset
tia. Redwood, Burnt Wood, Yucca, etc.
now .on sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street." * • •;¦--
lectures on California.'
Rev. W. J. Speers gave an interesting
lecture. last : evening to the members of
the Fourth " Congregational Sunday
school.— * ., ' ,_ ;
The -. lecture .was \ on -the subject of
"California, the StateWe Live In," and
was'illustrated by. a series of stereop
ticon views. *
darji exbept when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a mlnuS ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted rrom the depth gl,vin by
ths charts. The plane ot reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦ •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From.. . I Due.
Phoenix Mendocino .INov. 23
Chlco Coqullle River INov. 28
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 28
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 28
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 28
CHyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 23
P. Leggett... Humboldt Nov. 28
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jNov. 28
Mcntara Seattle INov. 29
Mackinaw.... Tacoma | Nov. 29
Arctic Humboldt j Nov. 29
Curacao. .. e . Mexican Ports .(Nov. 29
Del Norte.... Crescent City |Nov. 29
Judith Seattle | Nov. 30
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... (Nov. 30
Coos Bay San Pedro & "Way PortsjNoV. 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 'M
_/?entralla Fan Pedro SSL'.'jNov. 30
Nome City... Portland & Astoria:. . ..I Dec. 1
Senator,.. — | Humboldt Dec. 1
Abydos.V. . .i: Hamburg & "Way Ports Dec. 1
H. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Dec. 1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... D»c 1
China (Thina and Japan A'. ..JDec. 2
G. Lindauer.. Portland & A»ioria...:|Dec. 2
City of Para. N. T. via Panama (Dec. 2
Point Arena.. M»-adocino & Pt ArenalDec. 3
S. Rosa Saif Dleeo & Way Pts..Dec. 3
Umatllla Piiget .Sound Ports |Dec. S
Chehalis..... Grays Harbor .....";.. (Dec. 3
Bcnita...O... Newport & Way^ Ports. I Dec. 4
Rival.. Willapa Harbor (< |Dec. 4
S.Monica Grays Harbor ...... ..|Dec. 5
Columbia Portland & Astoria IDec, C*
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma ]Dec. «
Corona j Humboldt „ . |Dec 7
* TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. f Sails. Pier.
November 28. j
South Bay.. Humboldt :( 5 pm Ple'r 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor \ 4 pm Pier 10
Nlcaria..;. Hamburg & Way.. 112 m Pier 19
Iao-ia.. ( ... Humboldt 2 am Pier "
F. i^eggett . Los, Angeles Ports. « pm Pier 10
pt - -*rena.. Point Arena 4 pm Plec. 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu .......:.. 11 am Pier 7
COSydney.. n.. y. via Panama. 12, m Pier 40
November 29. .
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
8 Rosa.... SRn Diego & Way. » ara Pier 11
F^\ i wV" Newport & Way... 9 Pier 11
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Plot 24
_ ~, O November 30. ;
Czarina Coo6 Bay direct... .'...„; Pier 8
pS£££"" City ... i pSi Pie? if
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler a
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier is
December 1. •
EmP^e Coos Bay direct©.. 12 m Pier 11
8. Barbara. Log Angeles Ports. 4imPer''S
;hico....... Coquille River .... 6 £m PJer 2
£ e nt«*|l a -- Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt S pm Pier 20
Maripos^ . . Tah i tl direct 11 am Pier T
* December 2. - - , v
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier
Centennial.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 20
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
December 3. -. *» <
corona,-. • • • Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 1 0
H. K. Mara china & Japan....] 1 pm Pier 40
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier U
. • December 4. - I > •
G. W. Elder Astoria tc Portland 11 amfpier 21
Bee ember 5. * * \.Vji
Anzonan... New York .......: ....... pier 25
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Q.Lindauer Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 28
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. • . ,V I Sails.
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way PtslDec. 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports;.|Dec. 2
Valencia Skagway '& Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtslDec -j- 1
Santa Ana... Cooks:lnlet & Way Pts|Deo. 10
Charters.
The British bark West York Is chartered for
lumber from Eureka to Melbourne or Adelalde
and the Norwegian bark Rokeby Hall, same
business from Placet . Sound to ftpe Town at
61s 3d, both chartered Drior to arrival.
The bark Martha Davis returns to HI I o with
general car^o and the German ship ( Optima
proceeds in ballast to Australia.
Movements of Steamers.
Electric Car Kills Unidentified Han.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27.— An un
known man, about 50 of age, was
struck by an electric car near Alham
bra this morning and died soon after.
The steamship Newport will to-day - so on
the drydock to be cleaned and painted. -
Pilot Johnson, who was carried to sea on
the collier Wyefleld, has returned to the- city.
The barkentine Georglna, which has been out
side the heads for several days, came. into port
yesterday. She was twenty-eight days from
Tacoma and brought 1,109,000 feet of lumber.
Water Front Notes.
The new ocean-going towboat Daunt
less, built by the Risdon Iron Works
for the John D. Spreckels & Bros.' Tug
Company, was given her trial in the bay
yesterday afternoon and in all respects
gave satisfaction. She made more than
thirteen knots and her engines developed
SOO horsepower. She was given a thor
ough test at sea and proved herself
what her owners intended her to be,
the -"most powerful and best equipped
towboat on the Pacific.
The. Dauntless was launched on the
evening of May 5 and as she slid Into
the water -was given her name and a
baptism oi wine by Miss Adelaide M.
Samuels. The new boat is 12S feet
long, 24.6 feet In beam and has a
draught of 15 -/eel She is fitted with
the most approved system of oil burn
ers and has tank capacity for enough
fuel for thirty jdays* steaming. She
carries a which generates the
electricity for her elaborate system of
lighting. Fast and powerful, she will
form a valuable addition to the
Spreckels fleet, which is now the larg
est and best equipped on the Pacific
Ocean. For ocean towing the Daunt
less will have no equal and she will
find ground the harbor plerrf.y ofj)use
for her great strength.
Her commander is Captain John J.
rhea, one of the best-known mariners
on the coast. As a navigator ana pilot
Captain has few equals. He was
for many years in the service of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, in
whose esteem he stands high.
Those on board during the trial in
cluded the following named: John D.
Spreckels, F. S. Samuels, Charles Hug,
R. S. Moore, Captain Buchanan, W. H.
Stewart, J. K. Bulger and W. Manning.
ashore, has put Into Flushing - minus her
anchor and come fathoms ot chain. • . '
VALLEJO. Xov. 27.—Notwithstand
ing a rumor that has been floating
around for the past few days to the
effect that the Solace would be sent to
Panama with troops, preparations for
her departure on or about the first of
next month for her reguiar round trip
to the Philippines goes steadily on at
the navy yard. On Wednesday the
Iris was taken out in the stream in
order to give the Solace her berth at
Quay Wall aad the last named vessel
immediately began taking on stores for
the naval stations at Honolulu, Guam
ar.d Cavite. •
Solace Is Not Going to Panama.
SALIXAS. Nov. 27.— During the trial
this afternoon of Charles W. Graves,
charged with having looted cars of the
Southern Pacific Company near here on
August 14 last year, an unexpected sur
prise was sprung. After some dozen
witnesses had beep examined by the
prosecution District Attorney Treat
called William H. Daugherty, sen
tenced to one year at San Quentin for
receiving Btolen goods in connection
with the Graves case. Daugherty had,
after conviction and on his way to San
Quentin. voluntarily offered to testify
iigrainst hie confederates. When placed
on the stand to-day and asked as to
his acquaintance with Graves, the ac
cused man, and the robbery, Daugherty
straightened up and replied in defiant
manner:
"I positively refuse to give any tes
timony in this case. I won't answer
any questions."
He was finally ordered from the
Ftand. At the conclusion of the day's
trial Daugherty was served with an
other warrant charging him with hav
ing knowingly received twenty sacks of
stolen barley. After the prelinimary
hsaring he will be returned to San
Quentin. where he will remain until
the time set for his trial. Several other
charges will be presented against him
as a result of his refusal to aid the
prosecution in the Graves case.
Throughout the trial and until a few
days before his execution Frith acted
with remarkable nonchalance, but
toward the end he felt his position
keenly.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 27.— Alfred J.
Frith, "who murdered Frederick J.
Bailey, naval storekeeper, at Esqui
malt, was Ranged to-day. He met
death with the same nerve which has
characterized hi3 attitude since the
murder.
Cool and without bravado, he walked
erectly up the stairs unassisted to the
scaffold, stepped on the trap, stretched
his neck out and waited for the noose.
Frith died instantly, his neck being
broken by the fall.
Frith ' murdered Frederick James
Bailey, first-class naval storekeeper, at
the royal navy yard at Esquimalt on
June 27 last. Frith had been discharged
from the naval yard, where he had
been employed as a subordinate of
Bailey, and told friends that he be
lieved Bailey had been undermining
him. Frith was preparing to remove
.with his family to Vancouver and had
asked Bailey for some packing cases.
They had gone to the- storehouse in
the navy yard to get these, and, after
putting some outside the door at one
end — a door which locked on the in
side — were proceeding toward the other
door through an alley of stacked up
ropes, stores, etc., Bailey in the lead,
when Frith drew a revolver and shot
Bailey from behind, the bullet entering
at the base of the skull. Frith locked
the door, threw the key away and
walked down to the naval wharf, where
he threw the revolver into the harbor.
Then the murderer walked out of the
yard, and meeting a police constable
he knew, confesed the murder to him.
*Frith claimed that Bailey had rushed
at him with a club after some talk
the alleged undermining and he
had shot him in self-defense. ex
amination of the building, though,
failed to reveal anything that could be
used as a club, and the appearances all
went to show that Bailey had been
murdered. ..'; .¦/•; .'v!
Case Against Alleged .Car
Robber Is Weakened by
His Silence.
Pies on Scaffold for Murder
of Naval Storekeeper
at Esquimalt.
Convict Daugherty Re
fuses to Testify at
Graves Trial.
Alfred J. Frith Suffers
the Extreme Penalty
of the Law.
Trial Trip of Splendid .Vessel* at Sea; Demonstrates : She Is the- Most^ Powerful
and Best; Equipped Tug on' the Pacific. v
GIVES SURPRISE
TO PROSECUTION
PftYS FOR GRIME
WITH HIS LIFE
OCEAN-GOING TOWB0AT DAUNTLESS
PROVES THE QUEEN 0F HER CLASS
THE SAN FBA3S CISCO ;XALL,i {SATURDAY, ¦ yO^EMBER 28, 1903.
10
A FTTLL* PAGE PICTURE
; OF THE
MOST STUNNING -GIRL
IN SAN FRANCISCO. <
>NEXT SUNDAY CALL
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
ff CALIFORNIA J
I LIRIITED TO CHIOAGO g
I Laavss Mondays aad Thursdays B
E at 9:30 a. m., through la 8 days, H
H with diner and al! trappings. IB
Other Santa Fe Trains :
I : 52 ** ™» I for Stockton, Fresno, Bakeraficld*
8 : 00 £ m'. ) Merced « Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00p.m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officv: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. 3. F. Also 1114 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANJ NORTH PACIFIC
OAILWAY COMPAlTSr. i
Tibnron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SA2T 7BAI7CISCO TO SAW BAPAEL.
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:CO. 11:00 a. m.; VtHA,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20. 11:30 p.m.
SAN BATAEL TO SAIT FBAZTCZSCO.
WEEK JiAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:60, 8:20, 11:13
a. m.: K:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trjD at 2:03 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 "a. m.: 1:40. 3:10,
r l:55, tt:05, 6:25 p. m. v- -,^
L^ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sent. 27, 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- j Sun- I Week
Days. ) days. | tion. | day*. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a ~ 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 d
6:10p 5:0Op 7.-35 p
7:30 a «, «<v 9:10 a 3:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 1020 a
3-30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6-20 d
p 3:30 p and 7:35p
C:0Op Santa Rosa.
7:30 a o «« „ 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p gjgJS **"?• J :35 P »;»>
Windsor,
7:30 a S:0Oa Healdsbursr, 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
! :3 <J a J 8:00 al HopJand 110:40 a!l0:20 a
3:30 pf 3:30 p( and Uklah. | 7:35 pleliio p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllu. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al I10-4O aftft-^ft «
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gnernevllle. | 7:35 pf^jo p
I : ?S a l S : 22 a l Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 a
S:10p|5:00pl Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7; 3Oa| 8:00 a! T~ : |10:40a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa' Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytlon for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for SkaKgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KelseyviUe, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lnkes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierly # «"
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway\House, Comptche. Camn
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort "Brag*
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg)
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville, Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. ¦ Garberville. - Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trio tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. • Manajer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
¦ Leave Tit Sjra»lito ferry Arrive
• SanFrandaco foot »f Ihrkit St San Francisco
Week San- m Sun- Week
Days, days days Days.
•11:88 i*8:OO A r^i\iil»Sm 12:Oftp 10:401
*1:4Sp 9:OOa K^S»il l:25p «:6i)f
8:15p 1O:OOa t&ittKs&B' a:50p.V.ftOF
11:0J)a TKgaSgr 4:S0p 9:50?
•Camset wtlfc it»ft fcr * Mys» *ri TjPdw Ctary
TKI1T 1 626 Majucst ST.,(North Shore RailroadJ
tfriSB 1 aad Sausauto Fkulv, Foot Market St -
ADVEBTISEMENTS. "
Pears'
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th.
Bells all orcr the worli.
Notice Is hereby giveu that the taxes
en all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the tpxes
on real property will be due and pay-
aide on Monday. November 2, 1903. and
will be delinquent on Monday, Novem-
ber SO, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
vrlll be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining: one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable o*n and
after the first Monday in January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first Installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That 6aid taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City HalL
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
this offlce will be open continuously
during the month of November from
S:20 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
Is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay,
and should In all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by^ bringing last
year's tax bills.^
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S creatI
Jhuseus of flaaTOMY$
\ ,.. Tb *. ljr ?" t AmtMBicaJ Museum in the \
V 0*Tt*>1*. orld - We»kr.e»ej or auv contracted A
i. Wi:=ti <:«.«•*« i~.ltl.-lj. .-,„.„* ..ytbroldot "
O peSLffil I> P eciaUttoBthe Co>«- E»t36yr«T». ©
0 *Sr 8 DI1 ' J 0R0AN-OISEASE3 CF KEN 6
1 r (55*^ «3 CoTiMjItjtion Utt and stri'tlj- prime. \
0 J Jf\L tS T " aanen *- pertootlijr or by lrtter. A Q
a Jr a iltr Write for BoK.rniLs«orav»r A
V « H JI1 BMRIAGE, MAILED 1'KEE. ( A f
Jl Jl /I. Ta!uable book for nra) \
V Da. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Mnrt«>tSt..S. F. V
JW^ft Those enffcriae from weak-
$p& nesses which «ap the pleasures
a n a of life shcnld take Jnven Pills.
;5/ Ont bottle will tell a story of
m^rrelous results. This medicine has more
rcjureriatine. vitalizine fcree tbtn has ever
b»">n offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this a/ir. ana $L
I»lade by its oricrinators C. L Hood Co.. Tiro-
prifetcrs iiood's Sarsaparilla, LoirelL Masa.
SAZZiWAT TZtAVEZ*.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford ennsnal opportunities for. aa
economical and satisfactory Joarnej to
ChicagorEast
i Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
I Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
! Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
! Choice of routes.
Fox full Information apply to or tdefcess
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTH. !
Onerii Arent, C«a1 Aguit Pusr Dept.
CUcaeo & Jfortl*- Western Ry. Union Picifle R. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
*R^*^^*tiL f'M iiii
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
i Trains leave ami are due to nrrir* »k
! SAN FKANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Foot of MarltM Street.)
i IJ* T * — Fbom Xotuhi 22. 1XB. — Arora
7.C0a VmcaTille. Winter*. Hum«ey 7-5ir
70 J* Benlcla, Sulsun. Elmlrm aatl Sacjr*-
mentD 7-25P
738* Ysllejo. Xtp*. Cftllstoz*. Suta
Ro«a, Martinez, Saa Ramon 8-25/
7-3IU Klles, Llrermore, Tracy, Lathro©,
Stock:on 7. 25*
8.00a Ehitata Express — (Via . DarU).
Williams (for Bartlett Sprlnsa).
Willows. tFrato. Ked BlatZ.
i Portland. Tacoma, Seattto 75Sr
' 8.00a DavU. Woodland, KntgnU Landing,
M»i7tTllle. OroTllle 7-5S»
8 30a Port Costa, Martlnes, AntJocn,
Byron, Tracy. Stockton, New-
man. Los Banoa. M • n 4 o t a,
Armona. Hanford. Tit all a,
Porterrllle 4.25JC
830a Fort Costa. Martin?*, Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Gosnen Junction, Hanford,
VIsalfa. Bakersfleld 4.5S»
8-30a Nile*. San Jose, LtTermore. Stock-
ton, (tMllton), lone, Sacramento,
PlacerTllle. Marysrille. Caico,
Ked Dlutl 4-2SF
8 30* Oakdale. Cnlnese, Jaoaestavn. So-
nora, Tuolmnne and Angola 423?
9 00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdcn snd Bttt. 11. 25 a
9.30a Klcbmond, Martinez and Waj
Stations 8 55?
10 00 a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
DenTer. Omaaa, Chicago. 8.2Sp
10.00a ValleJo 12.25*
10.00a Lot Anjreles Pasneoger — Port
Cotta. Martinez. Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanf I'd. Lemoore. Vlsmlla.
Bakersfleld. Lot Angeles 7.2Sp
12.00n Bayward. Nile* aad Way Stations. S-2SF
tl -0Or Sacramento RlTer Steamers tl 1 .03*
3. Mr Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarynTille, OroTlIl* and way ._„
suttoas •2§§*
JJOr Hayward. Slles and Way Station*.. /*»»
3.30F Tort Costa, Martinez. Byroa.
Tracy, . Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Covta 12 25i»
SSOr Martlnes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4.00p Martinez, San Kamon.Vallejo,Kapa,
Calls toga, Santa Rosa 9-254
4 OOr Nlles. Tracr, Stockton. Lodl 425?
4 SOr Bayward. Nile*. Irrlngton. Saa I t8.554
Jose, LtTermore | tl 1.55a
6 OOr The Owl Limited —^ewna«a. Lo»
Bum, Mrndotn. Fresno. Talare. I
BakersOeld. Los Angele* ........ 8.65 a
B.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 25r
t530r Hayward, Xlles and San Jose 7.25a,
6-OOp Hayward, SUes and San Jose 9.55a
B.OOr Eastern Express— Otrdrn. DenTer.
OmAha, St. Louts. Chicago an4
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sol- ,
snn. Elmtra, Davis. Sacramento^
Rockltn. Aabarn. Colfax. 'CJ/
Tmckee. Boca, Kent, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca 5-23V
| f .OOr ValleJo, dally, except Sunday.... I •» «<
1 7.00* ValleJo, Sunday only f '- 5SF
: 7-COr Klchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Costa.
Martlnex and Way Stations 11.23a
BXSf Oregon A California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding, '
Portland. Pnset Eonnd and East. 155a
8-1 Or Bayward, Nlles and San Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 1185*.
COAST LINE (-Narrow baaoj.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
CIS a Newark. CenterTllle. Saa Joso. ~*
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crm and Way Stations. 5-55*
t2.15r Newark. CenterTllle. San Joso.
Kew Almaden.Los Gato«.Fe!ton.
Boalder Creek, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations f 1 0 55a
4.1Sr newark. Ban Jose, LosOato* aad I ta.55 a,
way stations ):10 55a
«9 33r Bnnters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Retnra-
lng fr»m Los Gatos Sundsy «nly. tT 2Sr
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t KAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Sllprt
— tT.15 »-.m 11:00 a.m. 1.00 JCO B.15r.w
tnm OAKLAND. Fsot of Broadway — 1«^» )S:M
t»:05 10:00a.m. 1200 2.08 4.00 r.K.
COAST LINE (Br*Ml ««¦»•>.
pr- (Third and Tuwnsend Streets.)
6-10a 8an Jose and Way Stations. 6.13*
7 00a San Jose and Way S tattoos ... S33r
8-COa New Almadea (Tass.. Frid^ only). 4-19r
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops aatj Saa
Jose. Gtlroy (connection for Hoi- .
lister). Pajaro. CastroTlUe, Sa- *
Unas. San Ardo. Paso Robles.
SantaMarsar!ta,San Luis Oblspa,
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence SanU Bar*
Bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CustroTt'.le to aad from
Monterey and PaetSe Grove 1f.4Bv
! 8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. C apt tola,
SantaCraz,Pa«iacGroTe.SaKaaa >
Saa Luis Obtspo aad Principal
Way Station* 4-iflv
10.30a Can Jose and Way Stations 1.20»
11 -40a Santa Clara. San Jose, L«s Gatos
i .. . _ - and Way Sutlons 7.30-
%S0r San Jose and Way SUUons 8 3«U
i.CCr Pacific GrvTe Sxpress— SantaClara •
Saa Joan, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connects at S«nt* *
Clara for Santa Cms. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Potnts>
at Gllroy for Bolllnter. Trea
Plnos. at CastroTlile for Salinas. 1J.13f
3J0r Trea Plnos Way Passenger 110.45a
t4 4or tiaa Juse. (t1» SantaClara) Los
Gatos. aad Principal Way Sta
,_ ,„ tldos (except Sunday) +3 12a
55JOr Ban Jose* nil Principal Way Station* tS <Wa
6-COr ttunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa 1
Jo«e,Gl!roy,SatInas,PasoKobles, ~4
San Luis Oblspo. SanU Barbara,
I.os Angeles. l>mtnfr. El Psse,
liew Orleans. Kew Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Cros
and at CastroTllle for Pactfle
OroTe and Way Stations 7.10a
1S.16> San Mateo.Beresford.BeImont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair, Oaks,
MrnloFark. Palo Alto tS4SA
F.?Pr San Jose and Way Sutlons. 8.38a
1 1 .30 p South San Francisco. MUIbrae. Bnr-
ltngame. San Matco. Belmoat,
Saa Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Memo Perk, and P«lo Alto 9.4SP
a11.30r Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Jooe *» t9-45P
A for Morning. Pfor AHernooa
3 Sunday only.
< Stop* at all sUttons on Sunday.
ibunday excepted. a Saturday only.
»^~Oniy trains stoipinc at Valencia St. sonthbo«a4
«r«-fc:10 a.js..T:OU.m., 11:30 A.M..3:S0r.M. and t-.SOr.M.
f^^^^Pj TO SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,
IllSPIi^jr^S MILLVALLEY-
CAZADERO, ETC.
|gjgjy|§fegg|g.gg via Sauaalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7 :Uft 8|0O.
WOO 10-0O ll:0O a. m.. 12.20. 1:45. 3:15. *-15.
5 : 15' «-l5 7:00 8:45 1O:2O. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAK HAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dall]F-5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.^12^0. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45, 4:45. 3:45. tt:45,
8 'fkOM^MUX* VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily — 5:45. 6:55. 7:62. 8:5^. 9:55.
li:2w^rn?. 12--». 2:0O. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. «:05.
7-C5 8:00 " 1O:35 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS. *
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations, M
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales'and way stations.'
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way *u.
Uons.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad wa\j
stations. ' .
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.f v --Hay and F.eedstu ffs.
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak. The second . grades
are dragging badly, as people take the cold
storaga cubes in preference and .first cream
eries are none too firm. The great bulk of the
best- creameries are being quoted at 80c, and
cards . offering at "that figure have . been ""out
for sex'eral days. ¦ * •• K
Thsre Is no impiwement ; in the Cheese mar
ket which is - still heax-Ily supplied and weak.
Dealers are of the opinion that Eggs have
touched the top notch for. the present at least,
and several cut their crlces from 55c to 52^0
yesterday. ¦ Others stlir quoted 55c The mar
ket ¦: was xtery dull as usual the day after
Thanksgiving. : and ' the feeling was percepUbly
easier than It has been, with a general disposi
tion to selland keep cleaned up. ,
Receipts were 61,700 lbs Butter, 726 cases
Eg?s and 36.900 lbs Cheese. .' " , • :
. BUTTER— Creamery, 29'331c for extras and
24627c for seconds; dairy, 21625c; store Butter.
174019c: ' cold storage, - 24820c; Eastern, 239
25c per lb. ¦ -
CHEESE-^-12ffl24c for, th« general market.
13c for select mild new and 110114c ; for
Receipts of Produce.
TOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER, 27.
Flour, qr sks .. 12.175! Hops, bales ... 376
Wheat, ctls .... 1.510 {Wool, balea .... ' 82
Barley, ctls ... - 1,430 Feed sks -S3
Beans, ska .... 8,204 1 Tallow, ctls ... £20
Prox-isions were firm at the start, due to
Ftrong grain markets and higher prices for
hogE, L-Jt the opening advance did not hold as
liberal offeriBjrs from packers soon caused a
reaction. Trading was quiet the latter part of
the day, with -prices steady at the decline.
January perk closed 25c lower, lard was off 5c
while ribs were up 5c.
The leading futureo ranged as follows :
. Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
December ... 804 ¦ "°^4 794 80U
May.; '79% SOH 794 80»<
July 74% 75 74<V 75
Corn No. 2—
December ... 42 42«4 ii% 4*
May 42 424 41 % *42
Ju o y at,-.vo.-a- 41 * "* 41^ ; 4l *
Dec (new)... 344 34T* 344 34%
May 35% 85tf 35?2 ' • R5&
July ........ 334 33$ 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel— •
January 11 074 11074 10 75 10 75
May 1120 1120 11 CO 11024
L&-d. t>er 100 pounds— J*
January 6 30 - 6 30 6 20 6 22 U
May 6 40 6 40 6 30 6 32>4
' - Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ¦
January .... 5 774 f> 774 5 70 R 70
May 5 05 5 95 5 874 .5 »7%
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 649
7c per lb; White Lead, 6467c. according to
.quantity. ' .
SUGAR — Prices have again declined 10c. ex
cept Crystal Dominos, which are 13c higher.
The Western Sugar Refining Company quotes
aa follows, per ,1b. la 100-lb ba«: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c; Powdered
5.50c; Candy Granulated. &50c; Dry Granu
lated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated. coarse
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; TBeet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c; Confectioners'
A - 5.4Cc; Magnolia A, 5c; Extra C. 4.9Qc'
Golden C. 4.80c: VD." 4.70c: barrels, 10c more
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50
1b bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets Half
barrels, 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. A EC Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders . taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5®5Uc; San Quentln,
S 55c: Wool Bags. S21?35c: Fleece Twine. 7Ht*
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 64c. 6%c and 74c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. «4674e.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $(J 50: Bea
ver Hill, f5 50: Standard, $7; Roslyn. f7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. »7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50: Cumberland. $13 ' In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Caxmel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 ZAr$
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, fll 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton, according. to brand.
OIL — Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for
raw In barrels: cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. in
cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1031 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil. .extra winter strained, barrels.
SOc; cases. 90c; China Nut. C5#70c per gallon:
pur* Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases. 80c;
Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil,, natural white,
B0655C per gallon; Fish Oil. In barrels. SOc;
cases. C5c: Cocoanut Oil., in barrels. 58c for
Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH In bulk.
154c: Pearl Oil !n cases. 22c: Astral. 22c:
Star, 22c: Extra Star. 26c; Elaine, 28c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
in cases. 234c; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; In cases.
I9%c: 8e-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 2lc; In
cases. 274c
TURPENTIN'E^ — 80c per gallon in cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
POULTP.Y— Drewed Turkeys. 2e#2Sc per lb
live Turkeys, 20©23c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 75©2; Goslings. $2ft2 25; Ducks. *5#tt per
dozen for Old and *6{27 for young: Hens, f ,">J?t>
for small and *<!£? 7 for large young Roosters.
tTt 50© rt 50: old Roosters. $565 50; Fryers*
$505 50: Broilers. $ 4 50S5 for large and 93 5O
©4 for small; Pigeons. fl©l 25 per dozen for
old and f 2<G2 25 for Sauabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, f.1®4 per dozen:
Canx-asback. $.135; Sprig. *2 50®3; Teal. $1 50
ill 7."; Widgeon. $1 50*gl 75; small Ducks
SI' 2581' CO; Gray Geese. »3#3 60; White
Geese, $1«1 5O; Brant.* ?1 50 for small and
52 50 for large; Honkers, $5 for large and (I
for small; 'English Snipe. f2 50; common
Enlpe. $1 50; Wild Doves, fi 25: Rabbits. $2
for Cottontails and $1 23 for Brush; Hare,
fl 25@1 50. • '::.'.-
Game arrixed freely and offerings in good
condition met with ready sale at higher prices.
Mont of the receipts from Oregon and a por
tion of these from neoroy points continued to
show ! the effects cf the ; close weather, being
Eour and unsalable.
The Poultry market was quite active and
both Western and local stock met with a good
demand. Two cars of Western were on sale
and fine Hens and Roosters sold up to f 7 50 per
tozen. large Fryer* were firm at j*6 and Broil
ers sold at $4 50. The receipts of domestic
stock were liberal, an* although prices of some
descriptions were lower, owing to the competi
tion of Western, the market generally was in
pood' shape and was. well cleaned up at the.
close. 'There was not much Inquiry for Tur
keys and prices of both live and drersed etock
were lower. Only three cases of dressed
came in. • " '• -.'¦'•
Poultry and Game.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Do 9s — 1C!>
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 ; Do con 8s. — 105
Cal CG&i. — 1O6'4 O G W 5s.. — 97
Cal C t E g i Oceanic S 5s — 75
m & ct 5s. — 1024 On O Im es. — 12t
Cal-st 5s ... — — I Pac G Im 4s. — »7
C C Wat 5d. — 100 IP E Ry 5s. 106 107
Ed L & P 6s.l2O — I P & C H Cs. — —
F & C H 6s. — 117 'P A O R
Geary-st 5s.. 43 9i> 'Powell-st «s.im 4 —
H C&S 54s. 1044 — |S F G&R 5s. — IO04
H C & S 5b. !>8%10O . SF & &JV 3s — 117
Hon R T «slO44KHJ jS R of C 6s. 1124 —
L A Elec 5s.lO441C54,S P of A «s
L A Ry 5s. — 113 j H909> 107410S'i
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) — ICO
Do rtd fs. — — |S P of C 6»
Do gtd 6e. — 104UJ (19oT.) Sr A.I024 —
LAP lem 5s. 100 — j (1905> 3r B. 103^104
Mkt-st C 68.118 — , (190C.) 104410S
Do lem 5s.ll3*ill4U| «1912) 1 ! »•", 1 lr-'I
KRR of C 6S.1/06 IO74ISPC 1 cr 5s. — ' —
Do 5s II414115 ! Do stmpd.1064 —
N P C R 5s. — 107 !S P B R 6s. — 13.1
NCR 5s.. 109 — 'd V W 6s..lO5410i> 1 i
N C P C 5s. — 1024| Do 4s 2dm. 9H% —
N S R R Bs. 90 9T> Do 4s 3dm. 974 99
O G L H 53.107 — Stkn G&E tn td 100
O T Co 6s.. 117 118 |U O & E 5s. — 103
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 |S V W Co.. 394 3»\
Marin Co ... 61 — jPort Costa.. — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4\\ S F G <k E. «55; e«
Mutual E L. 94 lftlJSF Gas L.. 3 —
Pac G Im.. 5T» 554 ?tkn G * E. 5 -*— . . "
Pac L Co... 55?i — U G t E... — . — ;
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATE*
s F g t e. — eo I ¦. . w ..
Flrem's Fnd.320 — | • •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 iL P & A 180 1TO
Anglo-Cal ... 84 — ; Mer Trust.. £» 230
Bank of Cal. — — i Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp.143 1524 S F Nattonl — —
! First NationI — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
i Ger S & L. . — 2275 Pav & L.So. 93 ICO
Hum S * L. — — Sec Eav Bk.400 500
1 Mutual 5av.. 10O 110 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U..6C0 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — 2C5 I Presidio S3 4 —
Geary SO — I
POWDER.
Giant M — /Vlgcrlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — SOc Kilauea S C. — 8
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 224 23*;
Honokaa S C 12 124 Onomea S C. -— 324
Hutch S P C — 10>. Paauhau 3 C 14 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack 140 144 Oceanic 3 C. — 64
Cal Fruit Co. — 04 Pac A F .. 4H —
Cal WineAs. 91 924 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board—
1.-. Bank of California 447 00
10 Bank of California 443 00
105 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
100 Mutual Electric Light (b 3).... XO 00
5O Mutual Electric Light 10 00
5o Mutual Electric Light <b «) 1O GO
67 S F Gas A Electric Co .*.... «7 OO
2O Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
2O Spring Valley Water Co 39 374
S20W Market- st Ry 1st Con 5s 114 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — sv«V - "» : ." ' ¦
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 44 00
"- 10 S F Gas & Electric Co 8« 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 i5
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 6<J 0<>
5O S F Gaa & Electric Co ft.". T5
5<> S F Gas & Electric Co 65 5O
65 S F Gas &. Electric Co 65 87 l i
S5000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped)... 1</J 62^
I California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 140
Apollo 42 ....
Associated Trust Cert 19 20
Aztec .........-•....•.•••*• •••• SO
California Standard 10
! Caribou 9O IOO
¦Central Point Con «5 . ... <
Chicago Crude 19 21
: Claremont 22 §f«»S«5:
Efpcranza 1 BO ....
Four «T 69
Fulton 4 50 ....
Giant • 2t>
Hanford 130 OO
Home 90 ....
Imperial 13 OO
Independence 15 17
Junction • 19
Kern 5 OO
Kern River 10 OO WOO
Lion **""
Monarch (of Arizona) 4* 4S
Monte Cristo. 8O ....
Occidental of W Va M 2O
Oil City Petroleum 24 ....
Peerless 13 50
Plttsburg 20
Reed Crude (old issue) 41 EKV..VSJ
S F k McKlttnck 2 75
San Joaquin O St D 4 OO ....
Senator •«"• 73
Sovereign .................. 3# ....
Sterling 2 65 2 73
Superior 05 ....
Thirty-Three OOO 0 50
Toltec ...-"• 20 24
Twenty-Eight 4 no 4 70
West Shore 28O ....
Reed Crude (new Issue) 4 00 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt .... ISO
Alameda Sugar .20 00
American Biscuit 83 OO
American District Tel ....
Cal Gat A Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills 8300
Cal Jockey Club ins 00
Cal Shlprrfn* Co 27 OO
Cal Title Ins * Trust ISO OO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... SO CO ....
Chutes Company 3 00
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 8 30 „....
Fischer's Theater 200 225
Gas Consumers' Association 22 30
Honolulu Sugar '. ....
Northern C*l Powtr 9 00
North Shore Rallrcad
Orpheum Company 1*£S
Pacific States T*l A Tel 113 OO
Paraftine Pa«nt W 0i> ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 no ....
Panltary Reduction. Work*..- IOO 2 00
Sausallto Land & Ferry I" ?»» ..:.
SpCT-ry Flour Compaity 27 f>O V* Oft
Standard Electric 22?*
Tesla Ccal Ct. • -••• 3O
Truckee Electric "25 .-••
Ur.lr>n Suspir 22 5rt
United Paj & Electric 34 50 ....
Morning Session.
Board — - .
IOO Monarch : 47
50O Sovereign 39
45 Associated »»
Afternoon Session.
CIS Associated t»
lt»O Monarch .4"
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. Sg9c: Cows and Heifers.
708c: thin Cows. 4§5c per pound.
CALVES — *t?44c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%(g4c; Ewes 3Vi©34e
per pound (gross weight). ;¦
LAMBS — i4©3c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to* ISO lbs, CVic; over
ISO lb*. 5=; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per
cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
IiEEF — 6#7c for Steers and 44$6e per lb
for Cows. - - '
VEAL- Large, 8©9c; small. 9g94c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 74684c; Ewes, 8$S4c
per lb. "... : _
LAMB— 94610c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 74S9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Packers and butchers report Hogs weak, as
receipts are fully up to current needs. Prices
are no lower, however.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Ptoc*— Fal*"*.' High. Ixr». Close.
•AtcW^n 23.*00 W4 «5» , C6H
M.-hison pri ..... 300' W *»% S9>i
BMtlmor*'& Ohio. 11.400 76« .75% 7«U
Alnafilan Paciflc... 1.200 US* H7Ti 11J
oat f.f N«w Jfr»fr ....." '•¦¦¦" ¦!¦• l ~',
Che«p«ake & Ohio. 400. «> S,. ™t fO4
Chicago * Alton... 300 31% 21 314
¦SS5 5 ! Vi^i-. "466 isi. isn Sh
C & G TV. B pt<i 27 4
rtsjro & Northw^tn. 700 186% 166^ 16*
Cturo Term fr Trn. ?
ChroTATpfd 1.4
C C. C it Ft Louie. .".... -..-. 0
Colo Fotitneni 100 '12% I2'1> I2H
Colo So 1st pfd .• 62
Colo Bo 2d pfd 300 21U 2I>4 21
TVI * Hudson 200 154 154 , 154
Del. Uf k * W«t 234
I>enver * Ri* Or.. 200 20 1»T4 20
Den & R O rfd 100 «7 67 C7
KrtiT. 6.500 27*i 2«H 27H
Erie l«t pfd MO ' M% 66«i 634
Erie 2d pM 1.600 4SH <8 4?H
Or»at N'onhn pfd —.. ,-••;; lso ,
Hocklnr Valley.... 300 74% 73JJ 744
Ilockirg Val prd... 300 S3 82*J S2*i
lilinola CectrmJ.:.. 2W 12» . 123H 12*%
low* Central 200 20 20 «>
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
sylvania. Neither <H«1 Atrfcison share fully !n
tf* strength -of the Pacifies, Its extreme si
vanc* rielng limited to »j, notwithstanding its
showing of nn Increase in crt earnings for
O-tober of I335.WW. br rather more than half
of the increase of $603,003 Ja the gross earn
ings. The mlr.or induetrialii wrre decidedly ir
rf»ruij£r. " Sam* of thop» which suffered most
.early Ja'the week w<re in eager demand in
the loan crowd, where th»>y commanded a prem
ium, while shorts bought to cover their con
tracts. The <rffert was especially nctable on
Locomotive preferred. Rei>ublic Steel XfftrrreA.
on th» othAr hand.- vw forced down an ad
s. ::¦ r :.', 3 polr.tr on renewed doubt* over the
maintenance of the preferred dividend. The
ptock tnore than recovered its loss at the
olo«*. -
Th<» t«n«" of strength flevoloped In the whole
•market late In the day was <!u» to the fore
casts of. a favorable bank statement to-mor
r>w. The nsual .compilers are agreed that the
-egular Inte-rcurrency movement has been in
*avor of New York to the extent of between
$1,000,000 and f2.000.ooo. while the Sub-Treas
ury operations and the foreign g&ld reserves
Jiave contributed over fl.100.OnO. The quiet
tone of the call jnor.ey market. to-<3ay Indicate*
tha* the *eek'« gain in cash, most of it fcav
\ m v cora« early in the week, will figure In to
rnorro*'*s bank statement - for the full effect
¦ * the weekly averages. Sterilntr exchange
cevelwr^d «orne •trer.gth thiF tncrr.lr^. hut
•hrokf •harply ayaln and closed wetk T;n
fubytar.tial rumors^ were current nf aflfllt'.onal
gxAi fnfagi»tn«*nts Jn London. The report of
gialn export* tnr the week shows an incr?a*«
of upward of l.OCO.000 bushels of whe»t and
<orn over l*«t week.
Thr- t>or><l market <ru «ull and rather Irreg
ular. Total eal»*. par value. $1.7«.Of/O.
UrJtfd States bonds trere .unchancetj on the
!s.st call. . - -
NEW TORK. Nov. 27. — There was r*CT lit
tle activity In stocks to-day. The week-end
trianant after the holiday offered fist;) In
<!uctrocnt to members to return to the Stock
Fxchat>*?e trozn their Thar.ksglvir.g outir.g b.
fore Monday - and there wa* a small attend
ance wi languid trading in consequence. The
changing fluctuations of prices showed the un
certain mood of the profe#sional trader*, whose
business mtde Vr> -what was estimated at nine
t-^itht of the total. The market started off
wfth a bullish demonstration In Southern Pa
r!£c In continuation of the recent campaign
5n that'rtoick. The announced orcnirjr of the
Fait Lake cutoff of the road wa3 made the
occasion of conjectural estimates *- to the
lr.creaied.net earnings to result. Union Pa
r'.TLc came Into the movement with even great
er effect owing to. the ehowing tn its annual
report of the heavy indebtedness to It of the
subsidiary companies on account of advances
for betterment work. The movement was in
terrupted by 'the heavy selling of Pennsyl
vania «nd Reading which was unexplained by
th*. current news. -The Erie stocks did not
•hare tn the weakness of Reading and Penn-
Nczu York Stock Market.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 CO®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 30<§4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 00®4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90£4 10 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS^ — Prices In packages ar* as fol
lows: Graham Flour, . $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal. S3 25; extra, cream do. \ $4; Oat
Groats f4 BO: .Hominy, 1104 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 «W4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 73; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25©S Co; In sacks. $6 756$ 10:
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas,- boxes, $7; Green
Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS — Quotations are no higher, but the
market rules firm, chiefly on account I of. the
Government order already mentioned. The de
mand is fatr. - White. SI 2C@1 30; Black. SI 40
igl «0; Red. $1 10@l 124 for feed and $1 230
1 35 for seed; Gray, nominal; none here.
CORN — Is still weak and dull at previous
prices. Western sacked, $1 27401 30 for Yel
low, fl 30 for White and $1 25®1 274 for
Mixed: California large - Yellow, fl 224#
1324; small round do, |l 40®l CO; White,
fl 2361 SO per ctl.
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl. -\»-*.
BUCKWHEAT— f 2 25@2 50 per ctl. ,
Open, j High. Low. dose.
December ...$1 124 U i-hi fl 124 $1 124
2 p. m. Session.
May $1 C9V4 • .....'
December ... 1 124 : .1...
Feed $1 11US?1 13*4 ; Shipping and Brewing,
fl 174"©1 224: Chevalier, $1 20Q1 45 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH TSARLEY
Open. HlKh. Low. Close.
May $1 34 $1 344 fl 34 $1 S4i'»
December ... 1 84Vi 1'34V4 1 34^ 1 34^
BARLEY— The market was quoted very
eteady. though prices showed no quotable
change. ; The demanil=-wa8 very fair.
'£ p. m. FeFston
Session fr to 11:30 a. m.
Ooen. ! iilgh. Low. Close.
December ...fi 344 V 3*4 Si 34 $1 34
May. 1*34. 1344 1 33T4 1344
FUTURES,
California Club, tl 4001 424; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 624: Northern
Club, fl 40S1 4U4: Northern Bluestem. $1 SO
@1 51U: Oregon Valley. $1 40.,
CASH WHEAT.
In this market the cash grain was quoted
firmer, with buyers looking about for supplies.
Futures showed no material change.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were stronger,
supposedly on account of reported damage to
the Argentine crop. The weather In that coun
try Is r»P«ted very unfavorable.
Chicago wps »ic higher on light receipts an^
strorig cabUs, with local Interests without
Wheat ' and tn control. Mlnneanolls
reported an "excellent demand, with farmer*'
deliveries materially falling off. s Bradstreet's
gave the week's exports. Including Flour, at
3,851, COO bushels. -
Wdieat and Other Grains.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Silver dropped sharply T 4c. The other de
scriptions remained unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty da>s.... rv — $4 80*4
Sterling Exchange, sight . .,. - — 4 S4* 4
Sterling Exchange, cables . .© — 4 £5*4
New York Exchange, sight, — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 024
Silver, per ounce .- — 57 ¦
Mexican Dollars — 4514
Exchange and Bullion.
A dispatch from Tacoma says that the Po
tato crop of Washington was unusually large
this year and hundreds of cars remain In the
farmers' hands. Buyers bid 40>ge0c per ctl.
while the growers ask 75c. and will carry them
over till spring at. this figure, expecting that
they will then get from 90c to SI.
Tlie local market was liberally supplied and
quiet yesterday and the prices of Oregon and
river Burbanks were shaded. The receipts for
two days were 17.708 sacks. Including 4412 from
Oregon. Another car of Sweet Potatoes came
in to an already overstocked market and prices
continued weak. Receipts of Onions were much
heavier than usual and although the market
had an easier tone, prices were maintained.
The market' was well supplied with Los An
geles vegetables and prices of moist descriptions
were lower. A considerable portion of the re
ceipts of Peas and Beans arrived In poor con
dition and were offered below the quotations,
but found few buyers. Bay Tomatoes were
weak, as there were practically two days* sup
plies on the mark^. The demand was light
and although prices were easy, there was quite
a surplus unsold at the close. Mushrooms
were offering at 5Oc@$l per box, and a small
shipment of Etc* Plant from Los Angeles sold
at 10c per pound.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 650
S5c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, fliSl 45 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, S5c@Sl 10 per ctl; River
Reds. C0@7r.c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 90c@
$1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1 10@l 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 304c per lb:
String Beans, 3<g.*»c per lb; Wax. 4«5c; Lima
Beans. 403c per lb; Tomatoes. 40@75c per box
for bay and $1 25 per crate for Lcs Angeles;
Summer Squash. ?1©1 25 per box for bay and
7G3S3c for Los Angeles; Cabbage, COc per ctl:
Carrots 73c per sack: Cucumbers, $1©1 25 p«r
box: for bay and 60075c for Los Angeles;
Garlic 6@8c per lb: Dried Okra, 124c per lb;
Green Peppers/ SSSSOc per box for Chile and
B0©73c for Bell: Egg Plant. 40g5Oc per box;
Marrowfat Squash. ?10©15 per ton; Hubbard.
$15(320.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LOCAL MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell |
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c; medium. Sc; light. 74c; Cow Hides.
7&O for heavy and 74c fcr light; Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
104eilc; dry Hides, 15c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each; ¦
Bhort Wool. 400? 60c each; medium, 7O@9Oc; long j
Wool. |161 5O each; Horse Hides, salt. '
$2 75 for large and $292 50 for medium. SI 25 !
6175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse ;
Hides, dry. %1 75 for large and $1 &0 for me
dium, $1&1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted !
Mexican. 25c; Cry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c. ¦ - •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44c per 1b; No.
2, 4c: grease, 2433c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs', 9©
lie: Middle County. 11012c: Northern Free,
11612c: Northern Defective, 10@llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 121314c; Nevada. 13@15c: Ore
gon, fine, 18319c; Oregon medium. 17c, per lb.
HOPS — l»#21c per lb for California and 10®
21c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
PORTLAND. Nov. 27.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, »72c; Bluestem. 77c; Valley, 76c.
WASHINGTON. o
TACOMA. Nov. 27.— Wheat— Bluestem. SOc;
Club 7Cc. ¦ Q .
OREGON.
Northern Witcat Market.
SEATTLE. NoVq 27.r-Clearlngs, $813,283
balances. $lf5.340.
TACOMA. Nov. 27 —Clearings, rm,0S5
balance?. ?45.350.
PORTLAND, tf.'ov. 27. — Clearings, $701,419
balances, J75.979.
SPOKANE. Nov. 27. — Clearings. ?4CO,9O0
balances, $44,756.
Northern Business.
Chicago was lower, with receipts of Hogs
liberal, and the packers not supporting the
market. There was no change here.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 124c for light medium. 144c for light.
154c for extra light, 184c for sugar-cured
and 20^21 4c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
suga^-cured Hams. 144c; California. Hams.
139ic: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12©12 50; Family *13; prime Mess Pork, $1S:
extra clear. $24; Mess. $19; Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $2S: Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7^ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
9Uc; 10-lb tins, 9»»c; 5-lb tins. 9 T «c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. »Hc; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
¦ Q ¦' : — O . O
"J LONHON, Nov. 27.— A good selection, con
sisting . of 11.147 bales, was offered at the
?-*-ool auction aales to-day. Merinos were in
large supply and fine grades were in spirited
demand for France and Germany at high rates.
Transfers of crossbreds were heavy, They
were taken fr?*ly by the home trade and the
Continent scoured a fair quantity. Slipes were
steady, but faulty grades were irregular. -Cape
of Good Hope and Natal' sold readily to home
•jnd German bt'oers. . . _. .
London Wool Sales.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<ate. as compared with thwe cf same date lart
seascn an 1 ! rs.ir.full in last twenty-fov"; hours.;-
L«« This Lsrt %
Stations — 24 hears. Season. Season.
Kureka O.u<» 13. K9 r JS.23
Il<p<J Bluff 0.O0 8.^0 10.<!«i
Facramer.to O.O1 3'52 3.fi9
Sin Francic«j 0.00 4.41 3.6S
Fresno 0.00 0.64 -2.67
Indopetiflence 0.00 Tr. " 0.79
San Lu!«= Oblspo O.OO 0.44 3.T.2
1-js Ancles O.r*» 0.43 2.47
San Dlepo 0.00 O.OC 2.V-
THE COAST RECORD.
i i\ jffll P 1
STATION. I || p |f |S I
• c c • • =
: ? ?":'-: : " :
BeJcer 30.02 T." S4 SB Clear .00
.I'-arson 30. 2> 3« 22 E Cloudy .00
Kurek* 30. uo rj» 44 NE Clcudy :'<O
Farallcsn 30. <O <»? 51 SE rioudy ."0
Fresno 30.12 50 46 N l->zry -W
Flarstaff .. 4 .H0.24 .. 18 N Clear VOO
Pocatelln :io.3«5 22 :u> W ricer • .00
Pt Reyes 30. OO eg M SE Cloudy .00
Independence .:JO.2«> M 38 S Clear .00
I>os .-¦>••>-¦:..>¦.¦, 1 •«. 90 90 W Clear .00
Mt Tair.«!rsif.:{i>.ti!i Of 1 4S SE Coudy .'«»
North Head... 29. US Ct» 4$ NE Clear .T.J
30.02 S<> 44 W Clear -.»*•
'VorUand ,...«ir«.t)2 «2 4K NW Cleex .<*•
Red Bluff ... .1W.I2 <*» 44 E Clcudy .""Q
P.oseburp .,..20.04 «<« 40 E Cloudy ."0
Parrao-.«nto ..30.12 >• 44 W Cloudy .00
fait Lcke . : .3S)..1t( 4S ."J2 Calm Clear .00.
."^ji Francisco. SO. <<s 02 32 W Clcudy .<)0
<* L. Otispo. ..V».«ni $;J <r» s Cloudy .00
Sar. Diego V. <H K4 Cf» S Clear .00
Rcatxle .,.10.10 C4 .V> N Pt.Cldy 1.<U
Spokane "0.26 4>» 32 N Cloudy .CO
Taioosh 2O.:»2 34 4S E Cloudy .2."!
Wa!!a. .-".0.22 SO ",K FW Pt Cldy .00
V.'inncnucc* .30.24 54 2t> XE Clear .00
YuTr.a :».(«0 S4 ZA N Clear .00 ,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The- jwe^ure ha? fallen slowly s'"rr the
«<-a:-t* of Oregon an<1 >'orth*rr. California.
¦ floudy weathM 1 - r-rev»ils rrom Point -Conceit
fi«?n northward, -with light easterly -winds. High
•»-lr.3t are blowing at Tat<-osh Inland and south
w?rd to the mouth of the Columbia,
Re'.n has fallen a!or.g the Wash; igtcn coest
end the rain area will probably extend (south
ward on Saturday as f&r a« San Frarclgco.
Very" ¦warm weather prevails i n southern Cal
ifornia.
Forecast mace st San Francisco trr thirty
hours endir-s midnight. November 2S. 1903:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
¦weather Szturiar. with rtjowers; light east
erly wind.
Southern California — Clcudy Saturday, not so
»-ann; light eouthweyt wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Siturday.
fan Frar.cltco and vicinity — C.oudy. r un
rettled weather Saturday, with light sho»ers;
light eouthea« wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
St. Louis Wool Market
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 27. — Wool, nominal; me
dium grades, ccmblng and clothing. 17^521 4c;
light fine. 15(S174c; heavy fine. 12#144c; tub
washed, 20@30c. -
NEW YORK? Nov. 27.— The cotton market
closed steady, net 6 to 11 points higher, with
November 10 and December 9 points higher.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Nov. 23—2 p. Ok
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .110 111 '4s qr cp new. 134 133
4s qr reg...H0 1104:3b qr coup. .107 IO814
FRIDAY,
Stock and Bond Exchange.
About 75 per cent of the last car of Italian
Chestnuts was in bad condition, having been
overheated. Another car falls due to-day.
Prices are unchanged.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 90
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4334c;
sun-dried. 34©4c; Peache* 44«S64c; Pears.
e@10c: Nectarines. 4g54c: Figs white. 4g4*;c
in boxes; black. 4Hc: Plums, pitted. 6®9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 24©2ftc for the four
sizes. >
RAlSINSi — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 30- lb boxe« — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5 Me per lb: 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 64c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4}»c: -do. floated. 44c; i:n
-bleached Sultanas. 44cr Thompson's Seedlees.
54c. : London Layers — 2-crown. $1 23; 3-crown.
?1 35; 4-crown clusters. J2; 5-crown Dehesas.
?2 CO; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown 5c per lb; do S-crown. 5*ic: Valencia
Cured. /4^»c; Paciflc do; 3&c; Oriental do.
2»ic- Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb: choicw. 7Tsc; 12-cz packages, fancy,
fi'itic; choice. e%c; in bulk, fancy, 7*ic; choice.
7*ic.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell 134014c;
No. 2 114«12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13®13*»c;
No.. 2," ll©114c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
104c for I X L. 10V4c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S*ic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern: Pecans, ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 5005: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. SglOc per lb. and 115124c
for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. ll@13c for white and 9frl0c
for amber: water white extracted/ 5@34c;
light amber extracted. 4485c; dark, 3494c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 27—5 p. m
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 4% per cent and for three months
bills 4ff4|i per cent.*-
Iowa Central r^ ? 34
K&ns City Southrn. . 18
Kans City So pfd.. 200 33 33
Louisvl tO'ashvll. C.700 1O;{% J02;^ 103 U
llarhattan Kiev... 600 139V; 139 139
Metropoltn St Rj-- . 5.HW ll".«i lie's H7
Mir.n & Pt Louis:. 6*5
Missouri Pacific 7,700 90% C>9% W*i
Mo, Kans & Texas. 0<X) 17^j 17i 4 c>17»i
Mo. K«jii= & T pfd. 4.li0 37S ciW 1 * 37
, Nat Rrt Mex pfd.. 100 37 37 i 37
NVw York Central.. 2.100 117»; HC»i 11'. ii
Norfolk & Westm. 2.3Oi 50^ 55^ ,V>
Norfolk & W pfd .' . •-• go
Ontr.no & Western. 2.500 20^ : 20>i 2O»j
IVr.nfj Uania G^ 0 "^ H* 1 * H2 T «, 1V<%
P. C. C & St Louis .... £7
Reaving 12.71O 40T, 39»fc 40H
Rvading 1st pfd _. 747-
Reading I'c ? fd O 60^
Rock Island Co 2.CO0 24>i 24 24H
Rock Islan.l Co pfd c. 1 O .¦ - 5>'
St L A- K F Ut pfd. O ," " C'3
Bt L. A b F 2d pfd. 300 45 ' U^, 44 »;
St Loui.« Souw.--n. 10« 13s; 13^ 131.,
St L Sowstn pfd". . . C 3oO 31 - 30»« -304
|t Paul s 400 i:is%i SOS 13SH
St Paul r»fci °300 172 172 172-
Pouthert. r^aclflc. . . 37^)0 46% 45U 4Sii
Bomhcrn Railway.. U.:»/j 2»i- icti* jj, .s
Soathera Ry P ra... 1.090 77 1 4 ~ t^ 77*
Tn*M & Pacific i.. o-»:-
Tol. Ft L & \V W .. r , . U ! T<» "
Tol, St L * W pfd. U 100 32 32' " 31 V
tr.!on Iaclfie 53.5'K) C74*i 73 H 74 £
Inion Pjcinc pfd gs"
ba f. h pid '-*-•••-•¦ 3^^> 33H n 34^! 35W
"A heeling d- J- Erie .O.. ..„-..'! 15^
Wi. -ensin C-ntral.. 100 17 17 i«iz
Wid Cent .p'<J ' ?fiT^
'^xpreys Comr^nies— *
A&as O „ ...* , / >c
Ameriran "[* ""] rj/'
United States " ' "* • O*"" ifj^
Well.-Fargo ....^ ..." ""' "" Jo-,
MlsorlUneou*— 9. ,
Amal\'orp*r 71. CA) .>»i r.S%" 15«4
Am^r Car &'F....Oi.ooo is2 l*K t iSu
An.er Car * P pfd. «-<0 05 C4 6^0
A-er L O'.l ... . fiu<
Aner n OiOfd.... 2C-0 I'!«> 4 a,;', «s
Amcr I/o<-o 3.8C<» 14U UK 14
Amer Loco pfd...; 5.C00 7»-.J 7" ! 074
Amw SARtf l.nno 4,t 4 44 4^1^
Amer « if' Re* ; "d.- 100 f.«'i M*,'i s«s
Araer Sucar P.pf... 24.40O 121% 119 1"1%
Anaconda Mln Co o---^ •• r, CR
Brooklyn R Transit 10.400'^ "40 S9U .TJ'A,
Colo Furl & Iron.^.: 009 2^'i 23 2«
¦r ¦..:.& Hock Coal..' .'..-.. .... 1$ )
rm» Gar ..Q.... .-tjupo 176'i 175 17C»i
G<n Clectric &<Q 154 154 l."?l
lrt«r r»:^r~ ¦' ; - •» fo "
iS^: d ::: fMp^Tr&.
Inter Puirt. pfd - .... , as
N«t BiscuU 8 0 :.. ..;; 334.4
Nai^lcad 100 liu 1414 -»js2
North-^r-r 200 73?i 73 73^
Nor Securities ....' .'." .. . pnu
Paciflc Mall 1.300 27>4 2CH 117
Peopl'"^ Gas _ 1.000 «4?^ ii.t". kiu,
Pro«e(l B Car P VjO 24U 24 "41;
Prtfsea S Car pfd. r 400 C3 " 64«i ; G-' : •
Pulin-.an Pal Car.. "13
Republic Steel 300 C 5% 5^
Reput'!c Steel pfd. ZZ.fJCO 4* ZG'l .T>«(.
Hubber Ooods >.H ....* 14 "
Rubb»r Oood« pfd a. r * fiS
Tenn Ccal -t Iron.. 100 2S * 2S "7U
V S Leather "7 ,
U F I>>alh-r pfd... O >m) 73 -q -§y t
V P Rubber fili
f S Rubber pfd 33
IT S Steel...^ Q 5.100 11H 3 jn*4 11
V S Steel pfal..... 1S.1O0 B2H V,i> t r.i t,.
West UnlorQ S00 85 S4'$ S5',i
Total shares 434.500
NEW TORK BO:.DS.
L" S ref-2s reg..lO5?i Louis & N Unl if. »S»4
Do coup Kk5»« Manhattan c g 4s.lO2
Do 3* rej . 10V Mex Cent 4s 72>4
Do coup l J. 107 Do lit lnc 14 14
Do nei-- 4s reg.134 Minn & Ft L 4s. »7»-
Do coup 134 M r K * T 4s i,;'%
Do old 4s reg..H0 Jo 2ds •". . 76
Do coup .. 110 N R R of M c -»s. 75'4
Do 5i r?j 101 U N T Cent g 3Hs. !»9
-Do coup 101Vi|N J Cent g 5s..l29<-;
Atch r*n 4s 100 IJCor Pac Is 1O2V4
Do adjt 4m 87 p Da 3s . .n, i'0'4
AtlanUc C L 4s. 93 Nor & We 4s. . 97
Ta'.to & O Cs r ..100>4|Or S " 4 & Par. 92
Do 34s 9fVP«nn conv 3>^s.. 95»;
C'r.t r>t Ga 5s ..Mki«5tRe-«J Q ea U 974,
Do let lnc 64H St-'i^ & I A c r*.110»;
I Ch^s & O 44s... 101 Ft L & S F tz 4s. M-i
Chi & Alton 3*i!i. TS^jSt L S W lsts... »2
C B * Q"e» 4«. 03 V4 j i^aboard Air L 4s 714
C M A SV g 4s.ll*> ,So Pac 4s S9
C & N W c 7S...1.-J0U Do 5s H2".
C R I & V n R 4s 7U*i!Tex & p ac l»ts..HS
Do col T,g 74 H Tol Ft L & W 4s 70
? C C. & S L g 4s. 97 U; Union ;?nc 4s .. .102*4
rhl Term 4s +\ . 75 ! Do t inv 4s .. 94*4
Con Tobicco 4«.. B4%]T} S Ffeel 2d ht fWU
Colo A: So 4«.... V R4 tWabavh lsts .. 113
I D & U G 4s..... I1S4: Do Deb B 67<H
Erie r-rior lien ir. 9>» 4 Wheel & L &' 4*' f-.%
Do g, n 4s 64' 4 W|s Cent 4s ..*.«»
Ft W A D C UU..H4 C F & I c 5s.. Ciu
Hock Val 4«»s ..106 j ' ol; *
NFTtt' YORK MINING STOCKS.
A<?ams Con 10. Little Chief ;~ n«
Alice M OnUr.D C "«WO
Breece » lolophir " 1 40
1 Brunswick Con'.. «« Phoenix . "*"" m
Comftock Tunnel... 07 Poto»| .. Yf,
Ccn Cal &¦ Va K5 Savage io
Horn Silver 1 Cfl Sierra Nev" ']["*
Iron Fllver 1 75 Small Hones Vn
Leadville Coo 02 Standard '!!"2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. *
Money — lWestlnghouse ... 67
C5B1I loans 6H©« Mining—
rime loans 5@54 Adventure 314
Bonds— Allmiex 4
j Atchison 4* 99^4 Amaljramated Sstt
Mexican Cen 4s.. C» Daly West ruit
Railroads— Blngbam 21
• Atchison m Calumet & Hecla 432
Do pfd.* «>»4 Centennial 14,
Boston & Albany. 247 Copper Range ... 43»i
Br?ton & Maine.. 170 Dominion Coal 7lu
Boston Elevated. .140 iFranklin 71!
NY. XH4H...193 lisle Royale ..'.'.'. fi^
Fltchburg pfd . . .lS54(Mchawk S3
rnion Pacific 74 Old Dominion H*i
Mexican Central.. 9% Osceola .." 06
Miscellaneous — Parrot is
American Sugar. .121^4 Qulncy gi
Do pfd 1204 Tamarack ..... 65
Amer Tel & TeI..123*i Trinity 4*!
Dominion I & S.. 6Vi United Btate« ... is
General Electric. .153 Utah 27*4
Mass Electric 17% Victoria 2S 0-16
United Fruit 9fl U'lnona 714
V S Ste«l 10T4 Wolverine 65
I>o pfd 61%
. I/ONDON*. CLOSINO STOCKS.
Cnns for money..' bd IN Y Central..... 122 \
Do for acct.. 89 11-16 Norf oik & W ,5SU
Anaconda S4| Do pfd ,..; so
Atchison 67% Ontarlon & West. 21«
Do pfd 83 Pennsylvania .... 5ftl|
Baitimore & Ohio. 7ST4 Hand Mines »%
Canadian Paciflc. 122% Reading 21
Ches & Ohio 82 Do 1st pfd 38
Chi Great West.. 16 Do 2d pfd 30
C. M & St P 143U Southern Railway 20«
D'Beers S04I Do pfdr 60
D»>n & Rio O 81»4'Fouthern Pacific. 47*£
Do Pfd 70 lUnlon Pacific 78V4
Erie 2*K Do pfd 89
Do 1st pfd 6*%\V S Steel; n«
Do 2d pfd 50% Do pfd 69U
Illinois Central.... 134 Wabash 20
Louis & Nash 107H Do pfd 7... 36%
Mo. Kaa A Tex.. 17H
Bar eilver — Steady,* 2<5Hd per ounce.
Money — 3>4€4 percent. .
The Pacific Lisht'.ng Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of ;i3 cents »>er sh&ra
en December 5.
Gas and Electric was the prominent stock
yesterday and dropped from *«7 50 to $K5 5i»
under free sellinr. Mutual Electric sold at
$10. Hawaiian Commercial was higher, selling
at $4t. and th»re were sales of Hank of Cali
fornia at JH7S41S. The oil stocks were life
less. . ' ¦...¦*.'-
Spelter ruled generally dull and unchanged
at $5 C2*4 for spot in the local market, with
December quoted at S4 87^4. The London mar
ket was 2s 6d lower at £20 10s. . . - : .
Iron closed at 4fte lOd In Glasgow and at
42s 7i£d in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was
quiet. No. 1 foundry Southern was quoted at
*15©16; No. 2 foundry* Northern, $14@15; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft at ?13 5O#14.
NEW TORK, Nov. 27 — Tin advanced £2 In
London, spot closing at £119 and futures at
£120 53. Locally tin was about 40 points high
er, closing at $23 75#26 25.
. Copper was higher in London by about 7s 6d
as compared with the price of last Wednesday,
with spot quoted at £54 15s - and futures;
at £54 11s 3d. Locally, however, copper con
tinues rather unsettled, with prices for the
day quoted at $12 50 for lake, $12 25 for elec
trolytic and ?12 for casting. . ,
Lead advanced 3s 9d In London to £11 3s 9d. :
but remained unchanged at $4 25 in the local
market.
Nezv York Metal Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Ry» cHs 915 Pelts. Xo. SCO
Totatoes, ska ll.«CK» Hides. Nou l*-»
Onions ska ... 1.07t» Leather rolls... ISO
Bran, "sks" 1.310 Wine gals 63.700
Middlings, sks.. S26 Raisins, bxs ... 1.5TS
Hay tons 43*5 Paper, ream* . . ' 6S3
Straw, tons 6 Lime, bbls 4CJ
OREGON.
Flour qr sks.. 11.730 Onions, sks ... ¦ 2P2
Potatoes sks .. 4.4C2iFee<l. sks 4.943
WASHINGTON.
Wheat ctls .... 13,193 Screenings, ska.. 3,170
Barley", ctls ... 4.cOO:
EASTERN.
Flour, qr ska . . * 800
Xczv York Stock market firmer on the daw
Local Siocks,and Bonds still quiet.
Silver drops y$,c. Exchange as before.
Argentine JJ'hcat crop reported damaged.
Barley and Oats steady. Corn weak and Rye dull.
Hay. Bran and Middlings steady and unchanged.
Oilcake Meal higher and Cocoanut Cake lower.
Lima Beans firm and the other kinds ivcak and quiet.
Butter and Cheese in large supply and iccak.
Eggs dull, zrith dealers beginning to cut quotations.
Provisions lower at Western c enters ;v.'ith larger Hog receipts.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged, tilth the latter easy. o
Sugar again marked down ice. ¦ _ r
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in heavy supply and zveak. , z
Poultry asid Game cleaving up well at. steady prices.
Fresh Fruits in free supply, with little change.
Oranges and Limes declining under liberal receipts.
Tzvo cars of Cape Cod Cranberries arrh'C.
SHEEP— RecciptP. 419; strong to 10c higher
lamb-" $5 50; yearling. $4 15; Western weth
ens, ?3 S3: ewes, ?3 30. ¦
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 2000; steady to 10c -higher; natives,
13 50©5 .'{3: cows and heifers. $1 50J?4 00;
stockers and fe-e<lers. ?2 5O®4. i .
HOGS — Receipts, ' 3900; mostly 5c higher;
light ?4 20#4 33; medium and heavy. 5* 20@
4 -15. .
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO. Nov. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
rtCOO; steady] good to prime steers, $5 10@5 70;
poor to medium, $3 50$j4 90; , Mockers and
feeders. $1 75^4 10; cows. $1 5C@4 25; heif
er*. f2(S?5; canners, -51 50Q2 40: bulls, . $2iS
4 S3: calves. ?2<g6 50; Texas fed steers, |2 75
©3 75: Western stears, ?3@4 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 24,000; to-morrow,
18,000; strong. 5c higher; mixed and butchers',
?4 30<J4 45; good to choice heavy, $4 35§4 45;
rough heavy. ** f"'®* "°: light. $4 10#4 35;
bulk of sales, ?t 2O@4 35
' gHEEP— Receipts, 12.000; good to choice
wethers, $3 75f?4 So:- fair to choice mixed,
$2 75 ( &'-3 75; Western sheep. $2 10®3 SO: na
tive lambs. $3 75{T5 OC; -West era lambs. $3 40
5 30.
-CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Wat. 27. — Small receipts In the
Northvest, higher cables and unfavorable
weatht- in Argentina caused strength irf wheat
at the opening. May being up Vi@%c to HG%c
at 79«4c to. 79*4 c. While there was not much
wheat offered early In the day. there was a
goo< : demand from local traders and prices held
firm until toward the noon hours, when lib
eral selling by commission houses caused an
easier tendency and May declined to 79»d<\ An
increased demand developed the latter part of
the day with ehorts active buyers. Commis
sion houses were also on the buying side and
the leading bull operators added to their big
line. With comDaratlvely small offerings the
market advanced and closing figures were at
the top. May being up Iftl'sc at &f>Vic.
Corn ruled firm on the strength In the wheat
market and higher Liverpool cables. May
closed Kfi%c higher at 42c.
Oats were strong along with ether gralnp,
but trading w an dull. Ma}* closed Uc, -higher
at B5Ve.
Chicago Grain Market.
PRUNES — K^main quiet, but supplies are
not overabundant, particularly of Santa Clara
varletii^-, and the market Is firmy held. Quo
tations range from 2>4c to 6t£c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are quiet. Choice are quoted
at 9>-;£9»i|c; extra choice, lOgloijc, and fancy
at 11015c.
PEACHES — Are dull and nominal. Choice
are quoted at 7iJS7'"'ic; extra choice, 7%@
SUc, and fancy at 9Vi@10Hc
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady. market for
futures closed steady, 5^10 points higher.
Sales were 31.250 bags, including: December,
5.60c; January 5.75c: March. 5.9.".#6.00c; May.
6.15(5G.20c; July. «.30@6.35c; September. 6.45c;
October. e.45gC.5Cc.
SUGAP. — Raw. steady. Refined, quiet.
e DRIED FRUITS. »f ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The mtbket con
tinues eesy. with common quoted at 4@5c;
prime, 5§5Hc; choice at 6Q0>4c, tfind fancy
at 7c. „ •• . »
RICE— firm
' November 28, with the percentage of increase
! and decrease as compared with the correspond
; ing week last year:
r-T Percentages.
Cities — Amount. 'Inc. Dec.
i »N>w York $»5tt.l3S.K21 .... 27. «
•Chicago 114.113,626 3.2
•Boston 108,0^,120 9.9:
•Philadelphia 91,355,507 .... -11.0 I
?St. Lcv.is 54.44ti.404 3.7 "...:.¦!
i Pittsburg 29,115.322 V-. 23.7
. »San Francisco ... _• 23.00o.li00 23.3
'•Baltimore " 17.3tei.U9H 6.7
; Cincinnati ....... 18.773.15O -4.3
•Kansas City 17.872,798 3.4 ....
; Cleveland 12,104. S<H -.4 " ....
; 'Minneapolis i 17.Oo3.iSl 3.6 .... :
! 'New Orleans .... 15,92-S,464 3.9 ....
j Detroit 8,503,927 .... " 8.8
•Louisville :.. . 8.067.670 ..:. 5.8
Omaha 6,118, 4Sl .5 ....
(•Milwaukee tt.742.527 3.4
'•Providence 0,510.000 2.9
i 'Buffalo l ; . .. 5.!«0a,247 2.9
' "St. TaMl - 6.153,000
i Ir.dianapolis f.,5S2,2SS 7.0
j lx)8 Angeles ..... 7.49S.279 "<...
• ».<t. Joseph 3.097,520 11.9
Der.v* r 4,205.1Mi7 ' 15.9
Ricl.rnond 3,GT>S,223 . .,. . 3.8
Columbus 4,or«tf.4OO .... 10.6
| Seattle 3.40O.CS4 tf.4
oWashington 3.350.578 4.9
j 'Savannih . . . 4,731,6)1 G.9 '.:..
i Memphis 4,855,583 2.8
S Albany 3.0:2, <V.8 .:•• »••
! Salt Lake City... 4.1.'{7,enS 41.9
j 'Portland, Or 2,971,930 2.S
(•Toledo :«.078.3<K$ 24.7 ....
| Fort Worth 2.(522.944 4.8
Feoria 2,774.318 11.9- ....
Har"crd 1.602. 8S» 15.1
Rochester 1. £44,013 2.fi
Atlanta 2,610.955 5.5
Dep Moines 11.81S.211 123.2- •
New Haver. 2.443.300 6.6 ....
Nashville 1,805.357 18.5 .....
Spokane. Wash... 1.81».H:« »5.5
Grand Rapids ... 1,545.775 5.3 ....
Sloux.City 1.HJ3.OK5 15.5 ' ....
Springfield, Mass. 1.170,002 -.8
iXorfolk 1.3iiO.89J, 8.0 ....
I Daytcn ifl.S83.jeS 1 4.2
jTacoma 1.698.292 .6 ....
•Worcester 570,664 42.7
'Augusta, Ga 1,336. 078 05.5'
! Portland. Me.:... '1.2O6>2« 2.2 • .
! Scranton .,., "I,fi43.421
'Topeka...'. 1,252,656 S..0
' Fvracuse 97*.f'23 ...... 1.9
EvaMTUle ....... 1.417.475 40.1 ....
Wilminf?on. Del. 919,233 17.2
i Birir.lnKham 1.0WI.650 .... 17.3
• Davenport 854,630 2.7 ....
Kail River 002.070 - 2.2 ...V
! Little Rock l,34t;,CS0 10.4:
I Knoxville 1,415,172 .81.4 ....
! Macon 747,000 1.8
i Wi!;->sbarre 7S2.145 ZH.O
i Akron 846.200 ..&> 13.7
! Springfield. Ill ... 034. 7C3
i Wheeling, W.Va.. 5T.C.C39 8.8
i Wichita C91U55 . 20.4
Yr>|ingstown ...... 4i:2,3*S2 9.0
i Ht-lena . . . ." 457,870 •'>*.. 27.7
! Lexington 4<K.S75 15.8
! Chattanooga 707.747 40.8 ....
UUowell S 444,284 4.1 ....'
raew Bedford - 468.484 30.1 ....
' Kalamaxoo 61S.038 10.9.
N. D 519.143 7.b
| Canton. O 42S,1!»7 23. 0 ....,
I JacVsonvine. Fla.. 535,494 £2.4.
i Green«burg- Pa .. 442,578 . ...._ ....
j Rockford.-lll 4S7.3OV cl'.\ ¦
! Springfield. O ... 31«.C12 ?S.5 ...
[j r«'jii3iamton . .o . . ?»57,SC^ . 9.2' ....
'i Ciiestei" Pa. 4*I»,T0J 3.7 1
j Bloomington, 111.. 37LS38 .* !
! Qulncy, III'. v Sfil.9?l .... . ....
! Sioux Fails. S.D.. 2C6.7B3 . . H-9
j Mansfleld. 0 259,95tJ 31 .t». ....
.Jacksonville. 111. . ls'J.340 61.6
Fremont. , Nebr. ... 1W.273 1!>.3
! Decatur. y Ill 10--..915 13 c o"'j?
j Houftcn" ....... 15,<'.'!5.9!>2 19.1
! Galveston" 10,S3«,i««l 37, # ••••
J Charleston, S. C 1.098,308 !
l%ais. V: (;S....»i.c-.$.te2.203 .... 18. ."5
J Outside of N. r...-.f 701.023,382; ..« :*
CANADA. «
-Montreal |20,fl5S,9S7 ¦'- 15.3
Toronto 14.221.238 .5-. 14.4
Winnirrg ¦§..: H.77«.S44 .... ..:.:
Halifa*. ..-. l.'7«l.«iO4 . .„. r> j 1Ot7
I Ottawa 2.250,242 8i«
I Vancouver 1.^45.709 9.8
[Quebec 1.54«.:»2 V... 15.3
(Hamilton 1,111.038 j 10ei v
? St. John. N. B 038.493- 3.3.
? Victoria. B. C 502,597 '<£ 14.3
, London i'. G. 740,571 . .... q 2.9
Totals (Canada). ..$32,223,771 . <\.. n 9.0
•Balances r»aid In cash. ••Not included In
I totairf bt-cauw containing other items than
j clearings.
Nezv York Grain and Produce, j
NEW TORK. Nov. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
i 13,575 barrels; exports. 69,?65 barrels. More
I active and held a shade higher. >v
WHEAT— Receipts, 41.425 bushels; exports.
I 18.0S3 bushels. Spot, firm. No. 2 red, SSVic
I elevator and W T ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. DlUc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, "i. o. b. afloat. -^Options
were firm and higher this morning on bullish
9 cables, .«?mall Norffilwest receipts and covering
I of roon. shorts. Later they advanced on re
| ports of damage by half. In the Argentine and
i closed very firm H I S*4C r,"*t advance. - May.
tOSiSSP 7-lGc. closed 81» 4 c; July, 78 lS-lti®
80H* closed PO'ic; December, closr^ SS%c.
HOPS? — Steady. -v" ¦ '¦
HIDES— Steady. , : '
VfVlT T*"i ttt\ ' ' t~-
I rTTROI ttii— Firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2iS3 per
box; Seedlings, fl 50@2: Tangerines, fl 50@2
per box; Lemons. $lfi2 50 per box: Grape Fruit,
*1 Zr*fi2 50; Mexican Limes, $4#4 50; Bananas.
$1 25@2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and «2©3
for Central American; Pineapples, $2 50@3 50
per dozen. *
CRANBERRIES— Cape Ccd. $11@11 50; Jer
seys. *10©10 73 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 50@3
per bo*. ., •
APPLES — Fancy Spitxenbergs. $2 25 per box
for Oregon and $1 5C02 00 for California;
other varieties. $lgl 25 for fancy. 75-US5C for
choice and 2<V?50c for common; Christmas Ap
ples, fl 5C<ff2 50. -
PEARS — $1 2."»«1 «> per box for fancy Win
ter Nellis and 50-ff75c for othef varieties.
QUINCES — 5OS7.--C per box.
POMEGRANATES— *1 2501 50 per box.
PEP.SIMMONS-^-5CcSil per box.
GRAPES — JC@60c for small boxes and eC«8S5c
for crates.
Two cars of Cape Cod Cranberries are In.
selling at unchanged prices.
Business In the fruit market was suspended
at an early hour yesterday out of respect to
the memory of the late D. E. Allison, who was
one of the oldest and some years ago tha most
prominent produce dealer In that part of the
city. The market was amply supplied and
quiet daring the greater part of the day. and.
although there was a little extra Inquiry for
shipment on the Puget Sound steamer, prices
were no hisher. - Apples continued abundant
and *>'ere rather quiet and oth?r tree fruits
were easy. Dry lots of choice Grapes suitably
packed for shipping met with ready sale at
good figures, wh'le undesirable lots, which con
stitute the bulk of the receipts, sold slowly
at unsteady rates. Poor and carried-over stock
was offering freely at 354? 40c per crate, but
found few buyers. Raspberries and Strawber
ries still showed the effects of the recent wet
weather and were hard to dispose of. Some
Raspberries were offered below the quotations,
going as low as $2 per chest.
New crop Navel Oranges, Seedlings and Tan
gerines continued to arrive freely and prices
were easier, particularly on the lower grades of
Navels and Seedlings. The recent arrivals of
Mexican Limes we9kened the market and
prices were ¦ quoted lower. Valencia Oranges
are practically out of the market and the quo
tations are withdrawn.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $3#10 per
chest: lanre berries. $2fj * per chest.
$5^8 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter and Eggs stand exactly the. same as
quoted last week, but stocks of both are stead
ily decreasing and lower prices are expected
In the near future. Cheese and Honey continue
plentiful and unchanged.
Meats and Fish and most kinds of Poultry
and Game are still selling at the prices quoted
last week.. Turkeys are scare and higher, the
demand for Thanksgiving having reduced sup
piles to far below the normal.
Fruits ¦ and Vegetables are , as plentiful as
could be expected at this time of the year and
prices have varied but little since last week.
COAL. PER TON — »
Wellington .$ — ©10 OOlNew^^
Seattle . $ — & 8 50) Wellington $ — @10 00
Roslyn . ? — «? 9 Of) Wellington
Richmond . . .$— & 9 80 Nut $— 0 8 00
Greta .......$— g- 9 CO Coos Bay ..$—0 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. —
Butter. choice.sq.B5«IC5 Common Eggs.. .33^50
Do good ..- 4O@50 Ranch Epgs ....^5860
Do packed, lb. — P30 Eastern Eggs . . . .30@35
Cheese. Cal 15^2O|Honey. comb. per.
Cheise, Eastern.20tfr25 pound — ©20
Cheese. Swiss. . .25^351 Do extracted.. 8@ 10
MEATS. PER ¦POUND—
Bacon lSQ25'Pork Sausage. .124©15
Hams 16fflS[Smoked Beef ...—©20
Sard . . 124©— I
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats:
Roast 'Beef 10ff20]Hlndqrtr Lamb. .lSS^O
Tenderloin Steak. lSfflS Foreqtr Mutton.. 8610
Porterhse. dol74»2:T; l Leg Mutton ...12>4fcl5
Sirloin Steak.. 124615 Mutton Chopa.. 124 @1S
Round.Steak ..10©12>A Mutton Stew .... 8©10
Beef Stew . — ©10 Roast Veal 12-S20
Corned Beef .... 9010 Veal Cutlets 15^20
Soup Bones .... 4g — Veal Stew ....124*115
Soup Meat ., ES 10 Roast Pork ...12HfilS
Lamb Chocs ...—^20 Pork Chops .. ..15'SIS
Foreqtr Lamb.l2*4Q15
.^ POULTRY AND" GAME —
Hens, each 50®75pVlld Doves, dz.$l SO
Young Roosters, English Snipe. dz.$l 50
-'-each 75&00 Jack Snipe doz..*2 00
Old Roosters. ea.5t»©C5 Tray Ge^se, each 40^fO
Frjers, each . ..63CJ7*> White Geese, ea.15^25
Broilers, each ..»O0*'O Brant, each 20@35
Turkeys, per lb.2?{»32 Honkers. each..40®00c
Ducks each 7r>r®«l|Teal Duck. ea. . — *f*:5
Oecw, each.. — @*1 50 Mall'd Duck, ea.C5S75
Goslings ...?2 COiWidK'n Duck. »a. — fr25
PiKeons. pair ... — ftSOf Sprig Duck. ea.40ig!>0
Squabs, per pair. — fiO-0 Small -Ducks, ea. — ®25
Rabbits, each .. .20©25 Canvasbacfcs, ea.CO@75
Hare, each ....— ®20!
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, doz 3® 4 Limes, doz . 10S15
Almonds 15^20 Lemons, doz ...\154i25
Apples ...*. 3® 5 Oranges, doz ...30075
Cranberries qt..l5ft20 Persimmons lb. — © S
Pecans —©20 Plums, lb C@ 8
Brazil Nuts 20ft — Pomegr'tes. doz.50075
Bananas, doz 2r><3 50 'Pears, per lb... BQ S
Chestnuts lafTIO: Pineapples. . ea . . . 25@3O
Cocoanuts each.. — «(lo!Qu!nces lb 33 5
Dried Figs, lb..— S 10; Raisin*, pt-r lb.. 6©15
Fresh Fljjs. lb. .— <glo|Rafpb€nics. dr. .40^C0
Grapes per lb... TtQ 8 ftravrberri*s, per
Grape Fruit. dz.75cS|l! basket 10<Q15
Huckleb'r's. lb.l2',itil5lWalnut?. per lb..l5i&20
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes doz.. 75 l JJS5i Onions", per lb.. 19 2
Beets, dozen 10a — Okra. dried, lb... — @25
Beans, white, lb 50 — Potatoes, lb l*i©2
Colored, per lb. 5® — Parsnips", per dz.15^20
Dried Lima. lb.. 68 SlRadlshes.dz bchsinfliO
Cabbage, each... 5Q10|Sage. dx bunches2S@ —
Celery, head C@10 String Beans, lb. S@10
Crfss dz bunch.i.i'S — Summer Squash,
Cucumbers. dz...20325J per lb 6@ 8
Garlic VX^li^i'i Sprouts, per lb.. 5w 0
Green Pepper?, lb — tfi 5 Spinach, per lb. — @ 5
Dried Peppers. . .10@2. r i Sweet Potatoes
Pr? Plant ufi « per lb — 13 2
Green Peas, lb... 6@ » Thyme.dz bnchs.25@30
i-tttuce ptr AoL.l&ff-O Turnips per dz. — 015
Leeks, dz bunch. 15020 Tomatoes, lb ... 5®lO
Lima Beans, lb. S®10
Barracouta — gl5.Rockcod — S15
Carp l(M?12V2 ; Sea Bass — @15
Catfish — ei2V, : Smelts —915
Codfish —<612U Soles 10®12H
Flcunders ICG — Skates, each 10@15
Halibut 15fi — Squid — <& —
Herring .".... — 0* — Tomcod 12ViS —
Mackerel — (g— Turbot 20@—
Do horse 15"£f — Trout — tt—
Rockflsh — <Bl2»fe Brcok Trout — «? —
Salmon, fresh. .12'^{jlo|Whitefish 10@—
oo smoked 15«»25'Clams. gallon ..50<i —
Sardines 10ft — ' l» hardshell.lb S®10
Shrimps — ifflO Crawfish, lb.. .12 1 ,ie:15
Shad ilC'i? — Cfabs. each .... — @ —
Striped Eass 15^20. Mussels, quart. — ei2>4
Perch 10S — Oysters. Cal, 100. 40950
Pompino — i?75 Do Eastern,dz.30@40
kinrts weak and quiet. All quotations remain
as before. ;•?¦?*_'
BKANS— Bayos $2 25«2 40; Pea. $3@3 2o:
Butters. 13 251 small White. $2 75@3; large
White *2 Sr»<?j2 50: Pink. $2 5082 85; Red. $3©
.'! 2.*.; Lima. $2 75®2 95: Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blarkeye, $2 15©2 35 per ctl; Horee Beans,
$1 50$ 2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustari. $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 C5@2 S5; Flax. $1 SO®1 00; Canary,
6&54c for Eastern; AlfiKa. 11314c; Rape.
l*i#2Hc: Timothy. C@t$4c: Hemp, 3tf@34c
per lb; Millet, 3Q3 4c; Broom Corn Seed. $200
23 per ton. «*
DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 8032 per etL
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 5v£ 6 44 6 3
Closing 0 5% 6 4% G 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. -Mar.-June.
Opening 20 S3 20 70
Closing 20 35 20 75
Flour-
Opening 2S 20 27 05
Closing 2S S3 27 05
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
market was steady; Creameries, 16@244c; dai
ries, 14j?19c. Egg*, steady; at mark, cases In
cluded, 23ff26c. Cheese, steady, 10©104c.
lower grades; Younc Americas. 13^Uc: East
ern. K.uftif.iic; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 524S55c for choice and 45©
COc for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage. 2Sg324c; Eastern. 26©2Sc
for. cold storage. •
THE SAN.\ FB ANCJSCO; CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1903.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET]
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Bank Clearings. \
. KEW TORK. Nov.. 27 — The following table,
compiled by . Bradstreet. shews the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans are quoted firm and ¦ the other
.Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23,000 28 700
"Wheat, bushels .232.800 14,700
Corn, bushels ;.;.. 202,400 14,100
Oats, bushels ..164.200 1S2.4OO
Ry«>, buehels "11.500- :7CO
Barley, bushels ....183,200 - 29.W0O
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady: No. 2 spring wheat, 84c; No. 8 79®
82c: No. 2 red. &24efi4Hc: corn. 42%c; No. 2
yellow. 44c; No. 2 oats.- 35% c; No. 3 white
8t>g3*c: No. 2 rye. 52 4 g 53c: good feeding bar
le>, 35®37c; fair to choice malting. 4Cg5S C -
No. 1 flax seed, 01c: No. 1 Northwestern.
9TV»c; prime timothy seed. $2 80; mess pork,
rer barrel. $11#11 12H; lard, per 100 pounds,
tt 35Q<$ 374: short ribs sides (loose), $U 324®
6 70; ebort clear sides (boxed), SO 374eo'w
whisky. - basis of high wines, f 1 25: clover
contract grade, f 11.
CHI Cake Meal is higher and Cocoanut Cake
Hay and Feedstuff* rule steady at* previous
price*. Receipts of Hay continue rather light
BRAN— $20^21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *26#2« per ton.
SHOUTS— $20#21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24 50<8*5 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. *27©28: job
bing. *28 50^: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn
Meal, *30S31: Cracked Corn. $30 50©31 &,.
Mixed Feed, *22 60@23 CO; Horse Beans. $30®
40 iier ton. ' '¦-."¦*¦"" ¦ -.....
H A V— Wheat. $14®16 60; Wheat and Oat,
$13 E>0@10 50; Oat. $!3gl5; Wild Oat. $11 SO®
13 CO: Barley. J11S13; Stock. $10@ll ; Alfalfa.
*10ftl2 60 per ton.. --"¦ , • ;
STRAW— 40<5$5c per bale.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
4- OPENING OF
fe THE SEASON »
A MAGNIFICENT LOT OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
MENLO STOCK FARM
W. O'B. MACDONOUGH. Proprietor.
Consisting if sons and daughters of Imp.
, Brutus. St. Carlo. Orsinl. Magnet. Sam Lucas
¦ and Bright Phoebus, out of the cares that have
! made this farm famous, such as Imp. Miss
Brummel. Golden Locks. Spinach. Imp. ChiPP'<f
Moonlit. Gold. Lace. Haldee. Hertha. Lovellght.
etc. Also seven finely bred thoroughbreds by
Pecksniff from the
ALMENDRAL STOCK FARM.
and the stallions Don Gara by Rath bone;
Bread Riot; besides Jerilderia. Fhroso and sev-
eral others. Sale takes place '
MONDAT EVENING NOVEMBER 30. 13C3
Commencing at 7:45 Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
240 Third St. near Folsonx
WM. G. LATNO. Auctioneer.
Send for Catalogues. Horses on exhibition
for three days prior to sale. ¦ . ' -¦ 1THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,' SATURDAY, NOYEMBER 28, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con'.
AT San Francisco Emp. Bureau, 17 Fourth st.
Dining-room girl for institution. $25.
Young girl for offlce work, $15.
Nurseglrl. must have city references. $20.
Girl for housework, 1 In family, $20.
Waitress for small restaurant* $20 found.
Two gi r i s for light housework, $15 found.
Housekeeper for city, 2 In family. $2S and
found.
Call early; lots of work for girls. '
S. F. EMP. BUREAU, phone Grant 26.
A WOMAN and child for small family living
in country, $2ii. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St., near Powell.
A GIRL for cooking and housework, 2 in fam-
ily, for Southern California, $30 to $35; see
party here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter st.. near Powell. -
AN assistant nurse for children for San Ra-
fael. $25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A WAITRESS for one week's work; $1 a day;
all expenses raid. Call MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A— CHAMBERMAID hotel, $20; nurse instT '
tution. $20; cook. $35; second girl. $25; 6
housegirls. $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO."9
FACTORIES. 32 V, FREMONT 8T. AND 187J
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES v/anted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenings or spare time and return to
us;, no, mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee' Co., No.
W 4 Ninth Bt., Philadelphia, Pa.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies* waists
wanted; steady work; cood pay. 2S First
st. S. KOENIGSTEIN.
SALESLADIES for ribbons, ¦' handkerchiefs,
¦' laces and embroideries. Apply superlntend-
ents's office. Emporium. •
A GIRL for housework, small family. 4200
California st., cor. Fourth ave.; Eddy-st.
cars direct. . •
GIRL for general housework In San Rafael.
Call between 10 and 2 to-day, 83 City Hall
avenue. "
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady. Apply Eastern Outfitting Co.. 53G
Thirteenth ,st., cor. Clay, Oakland.
WANTED— -Woman to do general housework
In country. Call 2512 Folsom st.
WANTED — A woman for plain cooking and i
light housework. 513 Pacific st. ¦
WANTED — Girls for Belvedere Dance Hall in i
Vallejo; board and room free. 114 Seventh.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to attend sick person;
apply after 2 o'clock to-day. 427% Bryant Bt.
3 WAITRESSES; 8 hours a day;. Sunday oft.
Apply C22 Post st.
CASHIER for restaurant; experience and ref-"
erences asked: no fee. Apply 9 to 11 a. m..
Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy
st., room 46. •
A BRIGHT, quick woman for position requiring
some executive ability; must have had at
least five years' actual business experience.
Box 4715. Call. .
CANDY saleslady with experience; steady posi-
tion; good salary. A. B. C, box 3454. Call.
WANTED — A woman for plain cooking and
light housework. 515 Pacific st.
GERMAN girl; plain cooking and housework.
1721 Brolerick 8t. ¦
SALESLADIES for lace department. Apply
Superintendent's Offlce. Emporium.
CANVASSERS wanted; permanent employment.
Room 9, St. Elmo. 508% 15th St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
.Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«J
Valencia st. .
' HELP WANTED — MALE.
CARPENTER. $3 to $3 50 day: butler. $35
and found: man about place, $25 and found;
fruit farmer and wife, $45 and found: dys-
terman, $40 and board; porter and choreman
for resort, $20 and found; kitchen man for
miners' boardinE-house, $20 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacra-
mento st. ¦
GOOD salary and expenses paid to a man who
Is. ambitious , and willing to work; responsi-
ble position; good references and security re-
quired; splendid chance for right man. Ad-
dress box 271. Sacramento, Cal.
A MAN and wife for private family of two
persons; $50 a month: see party here at 10
sharp this morning. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st., near Powell.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy, letters home
evenings. $0 CO week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4,
box 1-ill. Philadelphia, Pa. :
SALESMEN for best line advertising" novelties,
signs, calendars, that will - be shown next
year; send references. Bell Novelty Adver-
tising Co., Bellefontaine, Ohio.
WANTED — Salesman In new and second hand
furniture 8tor»; one well acquainted and
posted in the business; no other need apply.
H. SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh st, Oakland.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fifth floor, 305 Larkln at., for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc:
day. or evenings. - ' , "
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
toled when you' can get it dons for 26c, SOc
and 60c while you wait at 663 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11. Third st.? ¦
BARBER trade taught In one month; new
method. Address W. C. B., room , 111, St.
Ann's building, .6 Eddy at.
TINSMITH, good worKman, for Jobbing work.
J. H. BLAKEWAY. 305 Howard st.
GOOD barber for Saturday : evening and Sun-
day. 1415 Valencia st.
BARBER for. Saturday noon and- Sunday at
428 Broadway. . , . . -.¦'•• ,. .
ACTIVE boy for 4 wholesale house; state ago
and ' experience. Box 4501."; Call. "
NEAT young bootblack for barber .-shop. 799
•¦i Geary st., : corner Hyde, -
BARBER stum for sale. 624 Clay' st.
$75— 2-CHAIR barber shop; must ' be sold to-
: day. 520 Fourth 5 st. : •_','
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter - wanted at 152
. East st.. corner Howard; wages $12 a week;
call early. s . . • ;
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
l< $1 BO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; , we pay
¦-. express or mall charges.ll 3d St.. Exam. bid.
TWO-CHAIR c barber, shop *. for = : sale '•' cheap.
:WILL & FINCK CO., 813 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade: good positions fur-
: .< nished. - Apply 611 Commercial st. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted~by~lady"as manicurist In
. a shaving parlor. Box 4750. Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. U33 McAllister st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia nt. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS man about place (German), care
of garden, horses, etc., best of references,
wishes situation. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AN elderly single German is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be in
requisition. Box 4568, Call offlce.
WANTED — Work In factory or warehouse by
married man; steady and total abstainer.
EDWARD OZANNE, general Postofflce. San
Francisco.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; man
handy with tools, woman good cook and
housekeeper. Box 4570, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by experienced fireman;
city or but; understands steam heating. Box
4708. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work; handy with tools.
. E. L., 52 McLea court, city.
SINGLE middle-aged American wants subur-
ban position as cook and general utility
' man In small family without children. Ad-
dress room CO, '."21 Ellis st. .
ESTIMATOR and salesman; marble, granite
and building material in general; a good cor-
respondent and business getter desires situa-
tion. Box 3452, Call office.
CHRISTIAN young man wishes a situation
with a priest or Catholic Institution, city or
country, by December 1. Box 4723, Call.
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
charge of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch; good references. S. D.. 77 Ninth et.
BARBER first -class wants steady Job. Please
address' THEO. WUESTEMANN, care
Charles Tamm, 300 Bartlett St., S. F.
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857,
Call offlce. Oakland. /
AN elderly man, reliable, good references,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER, room 110, Winchester House.
YOL.s'G man desires position with reliable
house where he may advance; 3 years' offlce
experience; best references. Box 4526, Call.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whitener -wants
work; has all tods. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
BARTENDER wants position In city or coun-
try; young man. Box 227, Hay wards, Cal.
A JAPANESE high school student, who has
good experience as a waiter, wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy; $3 week, room. SAKA,
807 Polk st. . -
A YOUNG, bright Japanese wants position as
schoolboy in small family In the vicinity of
Jefferson square. >Y. R., Japanese Gospel
Society. 723 Geary st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
In small family; understands cooking and
housework. Address K. IMAI, J. Y. M C.
A., 121 Halght st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position in private
family as schoolboy; sood cook. Address W.
NOMNURA. 518 Jessie st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Mibscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET, T ~~
¦ ¦ -
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-250 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the moat desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLINO FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1639 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. '
$7— LOWER flat. 726^4 Harrison st.. between
Third and Fourth. , .
VAN NESS — Modern, S-room. sunny- flat for
rent; or will sell.. Phone Folnom 2891.
PLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
DIAMOND. 819— Flat of three sunny furnished*
rooms; $14.- ¦.-.¦- ¦ ¦¦-
FLATS FOR SALE— -frUHtXISHEp7~"
$3C0— 5 ROOMS cozy upper flat, newly fur-
nlshed; rent $27 50. < 406^ O'Farrell.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
' nancial Agent. 322 Emma SpreckelB bldg.
rAOIAIi MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON.- manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
, FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and rndse. ,L. H.
BURP. auctioneer.lolS Mkt. ;tei.Howard 275<J.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
YOUNO woman wishes few engagements for
shampooing, manicuring-, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573. . r
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 cooks, .$30; cook, country hotel,
$30, fare paid; housework, 2 in family, for
Santa Barbara, $35, see lady City, * fare paid;
4 second ! girls, $20-$25; | cook, second girl,
• same house, $30-$2B ; 3 nurseglrls, $20, $25
and $30 ;•:• waitress, private boarding-house,
$25; chamberwork, private house, $20; dor-
mitory girl, $20; kitchen helper, $20; 2»wait-
reseea for small place, $5 week; dining-room
girl, sanitarium, $20; 2 laundresses, $.J0.
and 40 general housework girls, city and
country,' $20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F.
- CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter. st. .' : '
.WANTED— A chambermaid and waitress | for
resort, $25; open year around: ; fare ¦ here.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A— WANTED — Olrla to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, ; etc. ; ¦ trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; S po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
• teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
Weat. 233 Geary »t. : room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall seaaon;
both ' seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per i week up;
, day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches. hairdressing
trade: manicuring, 'massage, "etc. "1236 Mar-
V.ket st., cor. Jones, room 9i; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve.. class; call.' .
THE^CALL
SPSS n. gPBXCKXLS. Proprietor.
ACflng Ca-EMiaticM 10 10EI KcKlUGHT^ianagEr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
• •
AA for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Et^yenson st
•Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wltb
On>r> :
DAILT CALL Onelud. Sunday). Tj:"'*r..$«.OC
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos.. 4.<«
DAILY CALL — By Single Month "5e
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.R0
WEEKLY CALL, I Year I- 00
r-nnvir+j f Dally. ..$*. SO Per Y-ar Extr*
WT^rirp 1 BondaVZ 4.15 Per T«ar Extra
POSTAGE. |\v«kly.. I.OCCPer Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall eur-pcrlber* In ordering change of ad-
«rtF* fhculd be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance witn tneir re-
queet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
II1S Broadway Telephone Mala 1053.
BERKELEY OFTICE:
S148 Center Street wra »•
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 14^6 G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEW? STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano 31
Tclon Sc/jare; Murray Hill Hotel: Fiftb-aTe-
cue Hotel an<3 Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. Ne-*s Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tresicnt House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEOROE KROGNESS.-Marquette Build C.
O/ong Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
BUSINESS OFFICE or" the Swi Francisco
Call, corner Market ar.d Third streets; open
cntl! 12 o'clock every nlrtt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery ttreet, corner Clay; open un-
til 6:30 p. m. ?"*_.
WO HayoF street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Mreet: open^intil 9:30 ?. m.
«5 Lnrkin ftreet; cpen ur>,t 0:30 p. m.
1MI ICtssSoa rtreet: cpen until 10 p. m.
C2C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
uctl! ;• p. rn.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. rn.
10K6 Valencia street: o»en until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets,
open until 3 p. m. .
Northwest corner of Twenty - second ana
Kentucky etreet*: cpen ur'il t* P- m -
ry*t rilimore Ftreet: oivn until 0 t>. m.
CHfKCH SERVICES.
FIRST United Presbytrnan ChurcJi cor. Gold-
en Gate ave. end Poik et.— Preaching to-
morrow <Sal>bath>, at^ll a. m. and 7:30 p.
m.. by the paftor. HCB. Bell, iXD. Morn-
Ing theme. '"The Field Missions"; evenins
theme, '-The Thought and Word of Goa.
Sabbath-school. 9:43 a. m.; C. E. societies at
f«-30 and «5 - .10 p. m. Strangers cordially in-
vited to all services: pews free: courteous
ushers. Come and brini? your frten da.
A SPECIAL festival f=ervir«> wiil be held in
ft. Lukes Church. Van Ness ave. anl C.ay
rt. to-morrow evening at 7:4.">. at which At-
wood's ••Mapnlficat" and "Nunc Dimittis"
in C and Mendetaolm'a "Festgresanx" will
tw surg. The r^srulai choir Will Jv assisted
by St. Luke's Auxiliary Choil unrtff the di-
rection of W. A.L ; abin. F. R. C, O.
MEETING NOTICES. F
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -?_ I
No 1C K. T. C25 Sutter st. — Spe- gET j
ciai assembly THIS AFTERNOON at fcJ
2 o'clock. Order of Red Cross and j
Temple. All fraters courteously in-
vited By or<Jp-f,of the Commancer.
THEO. FROLICH. Reorder.
TAFT Masters' Association of Califor- ft
1 nia, F. and A M. — Regular monthly f\
meeting -THIS < SATURDAY) EVEN- /S?_.
¦ ING at S o'clock. By order of the «— j— ¦
President. H. J. OWEN. Sec.
S»N FRANCISCO Chapter No. I. Royal _.
- Arch Masons, raects THIS EVEN-
ING at 6 o'clock sharp. R. A. de- /\r\
riee. , H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge Ko. 30. F. and _>
V. M.— Called meeting THIS (SAT-^vSf
URDAY) tt 1 :30 p. m. Third de- / ?> '
gree. By order of W. M.
- " EDWIN L. MEYER, Sec.
F-DELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. Q
-M. — Special THIS cSATUR-**/V '
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /W !
Third degree. Master Masons cor- ,J
dially Invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
rxCELEIOR Degree Lodge No 7^-^
it. I. O. O. F. — Regn'.ar m~r»lr~ TVJrfjBfirai
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. =^S»?^ i
Third degree. ,-s •^iftirOK 5 *' i
n . VM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
CONCORDIA l2(!ge No. 122 I. O.' jg»y^
ii. F. — T:.f members of the f-n-.-^>jfe5j^^
• :al < r :::::. :t;«-e er>' hereby n'j'.i-^jjjsCjS^viJ
fied to assemble at O. F. Hall,
SATURDAY. November £S. at 1 o'clock p.
m.. to ett end the funeral <¦' our late brother, j
LOUIS WESTERFELD. deceased.
J WILLIAM MF7ER, N. G. i
CHRIST ROEEER. Secretary. '. i
THE Gas Workers' Union No. 0S4, A. F. of j
L., will hold a special meeting SATURDAY |
EV :NING, November 28. at 8 o'clock, at i
Fidelity H*ll. Alcazar bldg. A1J members J
are reyuesU?<J to attend.
JAy,ES RUSFELL. Secretary. ,
THE California Debris CommiapJ.on having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Omega Placer Mining Co., In
Omega Placer^Mlne, near Washington. Ne-
vada County, w Cal., draining Into Scotch-
Pcotchmars Creek. which reaches Yuba
'.River; fiotn W. H. Murchie. in Murchle
Mine, near Nevada City, Nevada County,
Cal., draining Into Deer Creek, which
reaches Tuba River; and from W. I. Wad-
leigh. in Badger Mine and Faberty Hill
Mine, near Dutch Flat, Nevada County. Cal..
draining into Stutsp Canyon, which reaches
Bear River, gives notlc* *hat a meeting will
be held at room 96, Fk>od building, ban
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 r*r year.
IF you would rather let porch climbers and
burglars have your jewels than to pay (5
for -an absolute detector that is your busl-
n»»<». Pc'e agpney <00 Rlaltg- building.
ATTOU.VE1 S-AT-LAW.
w7~H. BITTNER! •
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advloe free. Phone South. 743.
Euit 322, Kmma £preckels building.
| DJvorote o*»letly and legally obtained for
elgbt caus*.-: damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnlsh-
jmenis for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
',^proceed Ings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made la (it parts of the U. &
ADVICE FB"E. ~ '
OLD ESTABLrCrfED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 816 Market opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
• ttended to: attachments; bonds furnished- cor-
porations organized ; civil and criminal practice
Tel. John e226. Open evenings by appointment!
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and eave money; no pay in advance.
O. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 in.: rms. 1, 2. 3, 4 A 5, let fl.
1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylor
Ac vice free, alt Ratters. Detect! vea employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory, toe; reliable attor-
neys; practice in all court*; attachments dl-
J?.^ 6 ' mT^ 1^- b^kruptcy. probate, 'oil.
6J1A. BUB CrossJey bldg.. N. E. cor New
Montgomery end Mission rts.; tel. John 2926.
KOBT. W. KING, alty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachm'tts, collections, etc.. consultation
free; n« advance charges; call or write-
eveolngj by appointment. TeL Wed 3601.
ADVICE free— 1 will advance cort In meritori-
ous caces, divorces, probate and all otbor law
eases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lug. J. M. TITCRSTON. S13 Market St., r. 31.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evening*: tenants '
e«ect«*d. $S. 01 fl Market, r.C2;phone Black C51 .
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; cpen evenlnrs. 827 Market «t.. r. 301.
DIVORCE cccts $12; <rulek and quiet; open
evenings. Examiner building, room 313.
L. 8. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket ct.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless euocewful; all
law bnsinea*. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC. ;
WARBLING canaries, talking parrcts; all
kinds of song and fancy birds: goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. ir4fi Market wt. - ¦
CXU5SXT CX.OTHXEB.S.
C? F ADAMS~Ca ™~~ ~—
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clcthe the whole family from hats to
#hoec; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for aU. 218 ilascn st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALC
B %gg t &
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In roUs easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roof ».
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y. CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress, pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kexrny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. : Sunday \o noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers.- water pipe, shafting, pul.eys.
etc. WHITELAW, 253-235 Spear st.
2 72x16 rTORISONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO.. 151 Fremont St.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at Cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
• ALTERATION sale— Best $2 30 hats. $1 30.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to ftp. ra. ; Sundays to noon.
20O CHICKENS for sale in lots to »«»• Sn f IJ
ave.. 1% blocks from East 14th St.; «<»
Haywarria electric cara at Oakland.
TRY our men's ohoes at $1 and XI 30 pair-
¦. foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog, free.
FOK sale — 45-gal. kettle; 12-foot water trough:
10-gal. churn. Sltf Treat ave.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1811
Market, ab. Van Necs. RICHARDSON BRO9.
Printing offlce. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter.
type, fixtures: doing good business. 2986. CaiK
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St. J
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
S. 6 AND 10 hp. jrasolir.e engines; 2d-hand: ail
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Brer*. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds. mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Ediscn phonographs, records, supplies, movinjf
picture machines. 11ms. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewrlers: ail
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought? R C HOLMES^
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good -H?ond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. lfr» 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid, for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stcckton st. j >hone Bush 4*4.
money to loan.
aaa^hefSian Uurph y~ ''
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatm * 't. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO. 68 and CD Donohoe
building. 1170 Market St.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOAN3 on fur-
niture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINIOS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4B
Market St. . tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlnj-houses. wlthou:
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bld^.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;5-3 up; quick.
private, confidential. 2C Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO ealaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission ;tnstallmenta accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salariea confiden-
tially: n?w, simple plan. Room 60. 819 Market.
MONET loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. 6th floor. Chronicle bldg.
S% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAlN. room 81. B Eddy St.. floor 4.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano, j 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bid?.. 70S Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyomlnsr loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORELL. eO9 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
UKNT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months' rental ot the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument in our stores; with such good*
as the McPhall ot Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from wa can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Cunaa
••Bijou," the smallest full scale piano In Saa
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
CCO-62-64 Hayes si. . .
ALL uprljhta on our bargain slats to-day—
Collard, $35; Filsher. $30; Sherman A Hyd*.
$100; Weber. $63; Klmball. $113; Mansfield A
Notnl, $123; Haynes, $130: American. $163:
Chickering. $167; Emerson. $172; Miller.
C176; 2 Steinways. large and small size. $1.V1
and $290; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$323. Reuts $2 up, apply on purchase: In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary st. ; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg;. Larzest exclu-
slve wholesale and retail dealers of the- West,
A CARLOAD of beautiful Draper Bros, pianos
Just received. They are offered an the best
thing in the market for the price. $300. Ws
hav» also a fine assortment of Behr Bros,
and Baumelster pianos. Simplex Piano Play-
ers and all kinds of musical instrument!*.
The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY.
769 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from S3*
up. Including- such nuJces as Chlckertnc,
Voee. Kroeger. (Turtaz. KIrkham. Pe*se,
Hardman. Marshall A Wendell, Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far-
Tell st. No branches In Saa Francisco.
BAND Instruments; F. Bcsson. Paris, maker:
Ous Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farretl:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey orsran.
two banks of keys and pedal ba«a; cost <73O>
your own price. BOWERS A fiON, 11 Mason.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or install-
m«nt. SCHMITZ & CO., 18 McAllister *t.
A STECK UDright mahogany, nearly dewj
must be sold. 216 McAllister Bt.
BEAUTDTUX, 3-pedal Stelnway uprijfht piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe*s.2S3 O'Farrell.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dlii
cheap. Whltehcad Storage. 1S36 Market st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H."
_ MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
BTORE with large basement; below Kearnj
st.: rent $.10. Apply 63fi Clay st.. room i.
OIL. .
WILL exchange for city property, sell or lease,
proven valuable oil land In Sunset Midway.
McKlttrtck, Ventura districts and incorporate
your company. Call or address MRS. CLARA
FOLTZ. Attorney at Law. 2d floor Mtlla bldg.
- PALM.-&TRY.
MME. DEVAS, ¦cientlflc palmist and astrolo-
' gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
preaB, $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGARD-S class in palmistry begins
Dec. 1. 8 p. rn. 242 Poat at.; terms $10.
H. _ JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 514 <¦
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 361.
PAPERHANGINQ. PAINTING. ETC .
ROOMS papered; $3 50 np; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. ; tel. Main 413.
CALL at 627 Turk st. or phone Sutter 134 for
paper banging, painting and Untlns.
nPSINESS CHANCES.
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 2G& Kearny
St., rooms 9 and 10.
. • ,
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
I the water front, close to Market st.; dally
' 1 receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
/ month- trial given: a splendid offer: investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26 &
Kearny et '_
A $3,100; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by omplc"s of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per niontb.. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
. a — $!Hl<>: SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads in each room;
¦ 2Vi years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone pay
$70 per month and saloon doing a pood busl-
• nes?. See R. G. WILKE, 2CU, Kearny st.
! A— $3.V>: EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
. business; must be Bold at once on account
, of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
' WILKE. 26V1, Kearny Et.
• A— $1800; HALF interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners tause of sale; will
f*II whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
-t'.4 Kearny st.
; A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
' to S. P. freight uheds; S furnished rooms
and kitchen: i trood paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: llvlns: rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a pood business; or
one partner will Bell his interest for $1000;
diFRgreernent cau-e of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, 2*5 U Kearny st.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan bulldlpe; a good paying business,
but must be t^crlflced on account of owner
being sick In hosnital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason ets. ; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $e50: CIGAR stand en Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cljra'- stand on Third st. : stock
at Invoice: a $400 cigar stand on Eddy St..
stock nt invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1250- COFFEE paloon on Geary st.: rent
J45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
BARBER 6hop for sale; cheap. 1013 Kearny
street.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are yu looking for a safe and profitable busl-
riefs opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that passe* through our offlce must
stand the Closest Investigation, and we can
j;lace you in a gtore. factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kind'y call and Investigate.
OERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bulldiw.
A— J12C0; SALOON on Market St.; rent $40.
$3000 — Furniture business; rent $35.
$1100 — Hutcher sh«p; srood buy: Investigate.
$11C<>— Restaurant: tip to date; north Market.
t GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE CO., 3 Taylor
i RELIABLE man with $400 to $500 can buy
one-half Interest ip. old-established business
in Oakland. Apply *t> ,•*. C. LASSEN & CO.,
4C6 Tenth gt.. Oaklanq. Pal.
! CIGAR stort; elegant location, fronting the
entrance of two sa'^wns; stock at Invoice;
j -a snap for the rlcht party. Apply at CHAs.
MATTHEAS & CO.'?, 1430 Market_8t.
; A FINE chance; restaurant and delicatessen;
opposite L<vMn dei>ot S. P. R. R. and new
electric; Pne living for couple; Investigate;
\ cheap. Yaie's restaurant. South Berkeley.
j $10 A I5AT a.erage assured by the Rockton
race system for people who have hard horse
sense. Box 3455. Call.
| A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
1 you desire addltioixil capital? If so. we can
furnish you with ua active or silent partner |
wh» will Invest from $100 to $30,000; we
ha' i a lax^e number of desirable applicants
on our booAs seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
- Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$2300 — Ft>R sale, first-class, good paying sa-
loon: good etock on hand. California St., neat
Market. Box 4369. Call office.
FOR rale — A large, well-paying bakery; 6hort
distance from city. Box 4706, Call.
FOR sale — Shoe store; 3 living rooms; must
be eold account of sickness. 376 Fourth St.
FOR sale — Cigar stand; owner In bad health
cause of selling. 953 Howard ct.
FOR SALE—*., wei! established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE 4? CO.. 417
Market St.. cr write to box 263. Chieo.
i LARKIN, 1005 — Dressmaking parlors; cheap
rent; fine location for any other business;
housekeeping rooms, furnished; $125.
j LIGHT manufacturing business; over half
: profit; small capital required. 576 Bryant
Ft., near Fourth.
I OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
near the city: account sickness; $6 a day in
work. Box 4C21,' Call offlce.
WANTEE> — A man with $500 for half Interest
in good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office.
I FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 living rooms. Box
! 45U0. Call offlce.
] ?W0— PARTNER light work; $150 month easily.
* ' Particulars 619 Bryant Bt.
• LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j FOR gale I flats of 11 rooms; also lodging-
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished; ex-
cellent climate; thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; Is paying 25 per cent on price asked;
,~ owner must have money to meet business ob-
¦ ligatlon. Tience the sacrifice. Particulars
from ALEX. MURDOCK, 10 Chronicle bldg.,
Ean Francisco.
~ SEE " ~ ~~
TETLOW & DEACON, '
Phone Folsom 2957,
JS23 Market St., between (5th and 7th,
For >notels, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
VERY nice, respectable house: well furnished
and full of roomere; in best of down town
locations; will clear $70 a month; thorough-
ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
5s $C5 and the price is $1450. MARION
GRIFFIN. 40G Examiner building.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner fiat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap, $90V; large lipt of
houses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny tu
FIVE nicely furnished rooms; clears rent:
S150; $30 down, balance to suit purchaser
Call 9S1 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slated
r.-rtting and clairvoyance; stamp for circular
1112 Eddy et.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 8S7
Seer Egyptian. Hindoo occult: reads daily; cir-
cle read. Wed., Fri., Sun., 8; 10c. 640 Ellis.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. 60c. 328 Ellis St.; S o'clock.
MRS. A. R. gMITH of Portland. 70C Polk st .
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Kills, readings dally,
8:S0 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE^
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact, I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love.marriage.dl-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. ra.
32G — O'Farrell »t.— 326. Reading* $L
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ ; !
. OF MEXICO says:
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
| your studies in this science hav« fceen cax-
I „ L— I— V— O— R—N— O,
THE WORLD- RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER.
34 KEARNY STREET,
Over Hammersmith A Field's. Tel. Black 2435.
ICTSee portrait of Mme. Llvorno and orig-
inal testimonial* at entrance.
ISM AH, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt-, cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS. .
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
41S Post Bt.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only;. when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from • long ab-
•ence, 406 Geary., near 'Mason, room 1.,
CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnneci;
MME. M. BERNARD^ ~~~'THE~fXmOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events- to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed ; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted ciair. & palm.,
has second eight: a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names:
L., 50c; G., $1. .,714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Rav'enna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market.
MISS VWARD gives names, date3 and facts;
hours, 11 a. m. toil p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2t>V4 Ke«rny, room 20; ladles 23c. gents 50c,
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, SOc. SCO Jones st.; hours 1-9 p. m.
"MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET IIEATIXG .AKD qLEAjVING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
f-rate. Apply S. F.. COMPRESSED AIR
• CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become dispusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st, ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 32.9 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2G3..
CONKLIN'S Superior Carijpt-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ¦
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgom«"-v. room* 9-10: tel. 5586.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODER^T7u7nished~cottaKe! U4~Hawthorne
«t.. near Folsom, between Second and Third.
CTTBES ETJPTTJBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you>t»uffer?
DENTISTS.
DR GRUSS. 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing] drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; -crowns $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 33c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DKESSMATCICRS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art s button & buttonhole factory. Ill) Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure ;eve. class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.^
HEATD^¥1Su^ ; E^S~TOLlLE^E,'24"^ST^"sr
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night cessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading* business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. : special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalocue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions. .
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evenlnc sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GEREON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers; eend for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1804. Van
der Naillen School; 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school' of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
EUGENE DF. FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUETRATION ...Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st... -Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES! ~
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japancse-Chineee Employment Of-
fice; all kindu help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
WANTED— -FEMALE^
A YOUNG second girl, willing and best of ref-
erences, wants a situation. Address MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A NEAT Swedish cook wants a situation at
$25 a month; good city references. Call at
MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
WF. have 4 first-class" cooks for hotels or in-
stitutions seeking situations; best of refer-
ences. Can be seen at J. F. CROSETT &
CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— Children's sewing at home; is a
first-class plain pewer on all garments; can
furnish references. 402 ftlghth st.
RELIABLE woman of «Kood experience would
like a place to take entire care of Infant;
best of, reference. Tel. Steiner 4336.
A POSITION as nurse to an invalid or infant;
best of references. Apply 34 Clyde St., off
Townsend. s
WANTED by thoroughly competent woman, a
position as" housekeeper: best of references.
Address box 4503, Call offlce. ,
SITUATION by a competent girl In small fam-
ily; good references, 7 years. Box 4502, Call.
GIRL wants position to do general housework;
neat and reliable. 34'^ Freelon st.
RESPECTABLE middle aged woman wishes to
. do general housework or housekeeping if re-
quired; good reference. 61 Colton St.. be-
tween Brady and Market.
WANTED by young lady, with knowledge of
Spanish, position as stenographer; best refer-
ences; any salary. Address Urgent, box
4723. Call. y.
YOUNG lady who has had training In a sani-
tarium would like to care for invalid lady or
gentleman, or on companion. Address "L,','
212 South Second St., San Jose. Cal. :
FIRST-CLASS nurse wants work In confine-
ment case; kind to children; reference. Box
472, Call. __\ ¦-¦
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
gagements; charges reasonable. 913 O'Far-
rell St.; phone Larkln 612.. : :, . ..-.
HOUSEWORK of any kind. Including mend-
Ing, 20 cents per hour. Address box 60, Call
Branch, Church and Duncan. * '
AN experienced chambermaid wishes work.
Call Hancock House,- 781 Mission St., room
33. MISS SUSIE LILLARD. . .
A CAPABLE, clean housekeeper will take full
charge roomlng-nouse for use of ¦ three good
living rooms. Box 4743, Call office. ¦ - •"
SITUATION wanted by experienced i oolored
woman as nurse. Address box 4712, Call. ¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS German woman ' wants . to cook
In omall family. ,706 California St.*. - rm. 4.
LADY pianist would like a, position; 'country,
preferred. Call , or address . 122 Turk st.
LADY barber wishes work -Saturdays. '; Box
, 4724, Call.- ¦ - ¦¦ ..'- "' . ¦ ¦ ¦¦.¦- :':¦¦:.'- ¦
COLORED girl for office or, upstairs work;
. sleep, at home.'. 418H Natoma st. , \.
gELP WANTED — MALE— Contlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
- Leading Erarloyment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA. .
ARIZONA. '.
' OREGON. ' NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
.Section hand3, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. -
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30. $33, $io td. ;
milkers, $3O to $50 and found.
Stablemen. cWy. country jobs, $30 to $60.
363 woodchoppers.
287 tiemakers.
COOKS, WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotel's, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, .city and country. $25 to $43
and found; butchers, different Jobs, $40, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CABINETMAKER, $3 50 DAY.
Striper and ¦ letterer, all-round painter, $3 day
2 coatmakers, $5 t>er coat.
Married farmer, $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting, $3.
Tinsmith. *3 to $3 50 day.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman, lumber co.7 north. $65 fd.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, ccuntry, 3 months' steady Job, $4
Butcher, all-round man.O^ountry, $40 found.
Cheesemaker, boss here, $45 found.
BARTENDER
for country hotel, $35 found.
Second cook, hotel, south, $30 found.
Elevator boy, hospital; porter, city; head
logger for woods, south.
26 woodsmen, lumber co.. $33 to $S5 found.
Buggywasher and harness cleaner, fare $3,
$55.
Handy man to lay carpets, country store, $13
week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
3 FOREMEN.
1 foreman, orchard and vineyard, to start $50
found.
1 foreman, R. R. section, $40 found.
1 foreman, R. R. section, lumber co.. $30 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay bt.
VALET,
city, first-class references wanted. $40 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. C
TRY our men's shoes, cnion made, at $1 anJ
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 30, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best ehoea on earth. 11
< Third gt.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — A sober and Industrious young man
.to solicit orders and take charge of delivery
wagon for a wholesale liquor house: must
furnls-h bond; applications, stating former
occupation, with good references, will only
be considered. Address box 4719, Call offlce.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
j 40 and o5 and pood case taker: no traveling-
salary about $130. Box 4717. Call offlce <
BARBERS— Special meeting MONDAY EVEN- \
ING, Nov. 30. Amendments to the by-laws
will come up for action.
¦ ¦ JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec.
WA ?, T F I> ~ For U - 8 ' Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 33 •
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on' lsnd In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. Ban Francisco. CaL. aad
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO.,
741 Market st. *
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions ; catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College, tyj
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
I that Ed Kolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
\ added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 230 rooms; 23c to 60c per night.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other business. 704 Polk st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard rt.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thonmi Poat.O.A.R.
McDONALD A PKRKY have a larce stock ot
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mai*
ket — 7U0 rooms, 33c nleht; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ]
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cal! Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church »ts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements end subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established mt 1094
' Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to H0r. nn3 Mlsaton »t.. bet. 1st and 2J wts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of cheap horses.^ mulea, wagons, sur-
ries, buggies, carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday, November 24, 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE — Good horses, two bays and two
gTays; C years old; weight 1300 and 14C0;
well matched. 819 Folsom at.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc., the big store.'
1145-1147 Market st. San Francisco.
BIG black horse. $50; mare. $25; top wagon,
$60; wagon, $30; cart. $12 30. 70 City Hall av.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 6 good horses.
327 Sixth st.
! Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping- wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Largest sssortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.?-s-rne93,work.drlving horses. lBth-Valencla
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-239 Geary
Bt., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
¦ to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post st.
.HOUSES TO LET— FUBXISHED.
FOR SALE — 6-room flat; newly furnished:
partly rented. 168 Ninth st. .
HOUSES WASTED. ~
4 OR 5 ¦ room cottage for- family of 4. Box:
4710. Call offlce. . ,
LOST AND FOUND.
$5 REWARD — Lost, large pearl scarfpin with
small ring attached. Address Golden West
Hotel offlo.
LOST — Nov. IS, gold eyeglasses In Mack satin
bag; Berkeley train: reward. 7 Kearny st.
LOST— Snake belt, November 24. Return to
| Ansonia. 408 Stockton st., room 704; reward.
LOST — Red cocker spaniel puppy; pitch; an-
swers name of Vie; reward. 2tJl Lexington av.
LOST — Scarf pin, 3 pearls, small diamond in
center. Return . 210 Market st. Reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. n-eds old
gold snd silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. . .
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
,' years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MR3. ER. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f 9 -
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
II ef guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. • O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advloe free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complains; lnst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 5; 25 yra. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; loir fees. -
DR ROSEN reside* 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. , 819 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY. '
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; leas*
. ¦ Bold, must - vacate v February - 1. - 1904; * save
- money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post, t
The ladies (God bless >m) are ofttimes In despair
O'er the jigamarigs which they perch on their hair,
For shapes are so varied, the trimmings as well,
And prices so wide ranged, that the tongue cannot tell.
Now The Call's Ads. in this make the women rejoice.
For it mentions the stores where they have the best choice.
It is so in all things, for there's no need of man
Our Ads. do not cover, and 'twill pay all to scan
• This paper's Ad. columns, for therein each will find
Whatever Is wanted to bring peace of. mind.Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were . the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session.
200 And*-« ....... 18 800 Mexican 7*»
150 Beleiier 17 70u Mexican .... 70
300 Belcher 18 200 Ophlr 170
100 Best & Belch.l 30 200 Overman 13
E0 Challenge Con 20 100 Potosl 09
60 Chollar 14 500 Savage is
200 Con C A Va.l 05 100 Utah 12
1000 Con NY... 13 200 Yellow Jacket •_'« i
200 Gould &. Car. 22 100 Yellow Jacket 27
100 Hale & Norcs i50' v .<
Afternoon Session.
' 100 Best & Belch.l 40 200 Potosl 10
100 Con C * Va.l 05 200 Union Con .. 43
200 Oould A Cur.^23 400 Utah 12
900 Mexican ....V 73 900 Yellow Jacket 23
100 Ophlr .175 /¦* I* '(> j
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
t Following were the rales on th« Pacific
' Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
S00 Andes....... 17 200 Ophlr '...l 60
300 Con C A V.I 02*» 120O Ophlr .,. 165
300 Con C-& Va.1 00 1300 Savage ...... 13
300 Con Imperial, (a 500 Seg Belcher... C«
600 Exchequer ... 11 500 Sierra Nevada 32
200 Mexican 68 200 Union Oon ... 41
200 Mexican 70 *
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Bullion ...... CS 800 Potosl 10
100 Con C & V.I 02*4 300 Savage 18
200 Con C & Va.1 05 .500 Union Con .. 41
200 Crown Point.. 14 6TO Union Con .. 4O
100 Mexican ..... 72 1' 200 Union Con . . 42
100 Ophir 1 70 700 Yellow Jacket 20
400 Ophlr ........1 751
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were- the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
.Morning Session.
200 Draper Gold.. 14\ 200 Ton N Star.. S5
SCO MacNamara . 12 ',1500 Ton N Star.. 83
100 Montana T.I 12HV ,
Afternoon Session.
. BOO Gipsy Queen . 23 100 Mont Ton ....1 25
300 MacNamara . 12 100 N T Tea ... 05
300 Mont Ton ..1 12H 200 Ton & Cal... 20
"700 Mont Ton.....l 15 40Q Ton N Star.. 33
600 Mont Ton ..1 17%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, November 27 — ( p. m.
Bld.Ask. ' BldUAsk.
Alpha ... 04 «' Julia 05 04
Alta 02 -04 Justice -10 12
Andes ....... 16 17 Kentuck .:.. 02 03
Beicher ..... 17 18 Keyes O ;... 1 80
Best & B .'.135 1 45 Mexican .... 70 71
Bullion 07 OS Occidental ... 34 36
Caledonia ... 87 88, Ophlr ...... ..1 70 1 75
Chal Con ... 19 20jO^•e^man .... 13 14 1
Chollar 10 lliPotosi 09 10
Confidence ... 70 80]Savage : i« 17
C C &:Va ..1 00 1 05 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Imp .:.. 02 * 03 Seg Belch ..06 07
ConN Y ;... 13 .11 Sierra Ner .. 32 34
Crown P 13 14 Silver HU1 .. 55 60
Eureka Con . — 50[St Louis 11 —
Exchequer ..11 12 Syndicate- .... 04 06
Gould &. C .. 22 23 Union Con .. 41 43
Hale &-N ... 4S 50Utah... 11-12
Lady Wash .. — 04 Yellow J ... -27 2S
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. AsJcJ ': Bid. Ask.
Esperanxa ... , — 02 T Belmont .. 77 81
MacNamara . 08 12 Ton & Q W.. 01 O4
Mizpah :...... 25 T of Nev....; — 6 75
Mont ' T ...1 15 1 17H North .Star... 32 34'
•Paymaster ..03 — Midway ...;. 33 37
Rescue ...... 03 00
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TCLE RIVER NEAR PORTEBVU-LX.
Second Feet.
~ 1902. I 19OJ.
November 15 | 51 23
November IS I 43 24
November 17 43 ' 2t
November IS 43 2«
November 19 *3 • 27
November 20 71 27
November 21 64 2S
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. i .
i 1902. I 1903.
November 15 520 I 2S3
November 16 .¦ 440 j 320
November 17 '. 44O , 2S5
November 13 44O 2S5
November 19 440 j- 2S5
November 20 624 j 2S5
November 21 4S0 [ 480
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Vert.
w -- DATE. »
1902. I 1903.
November 15 <"".f> 2919
November 16 C50 1S50
November 17 4SO ll<*0
November 13 5fiO 75O
November 19 5<SO «30
November 20 750 1320
November 21 650 | 3370
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTOn!
ffanrwiri f »*»*
oCCvUU M Ru
November 15 19.100 14.500
November 16 21.100 12.770
November 17 24,040 12.000
November 18 20.300 12.090
November 19 20.300 14.150
November 20 17.900 49,700
November. 21 17.10O 97,600
$10. * t&
John. F. McGowan to Catherine McGowan.
lot on N line of Rlchland avenue. 25O W of
Mission street. W 25 by N 100, lot 29. Mock D.
French & Gilman Tract; aleo lot on W line of
Mission street. 75 N of Rich'and. N 25 by W
100, lot 19, block D, same; CflM lot on N line
of Richland street. 275 W of Mission. "W 60
by N 100. lots 30 and 31. block D. same; eift.
R£">«rt L. Crockt. litiiolvent). by Ney L. Don
ovan, assignee, to K^Bcis Ferrler. lot on NW
line of Thirty-second avenue ar-* 5* street. NW
2>7£i"£. NE 2:1014, NE 200:U^. SE 326:6}j.
SW~"20O.-lota 1 to 9, 20 to 24. block 554. tide
lands; also lota 1 to 24, block. 61 7. bounded by
C and D streets, Thirty-elgnth and Thirty
ninth avenues F) also lot on.SW corner of
Twenty-seventh avenue and * P street, NW
1S2:», S 205:6H, «E 23:8. NE 200. lots 1 to'
5, 23 and 24. blorir 512; also lot on the NE line
of Twenty-eighth 'street and the Shore line of
San Francisco Bay, being 285:">H NW" of"~F
street, N 42»* dec, E «:10. S 8:8, NW 6:3. iot
8. block 512; also lota 7 and 8. block 827. block
bounded by Twenty-eighth and Twenty-nln'h
avenues, D and E streets; $500. . ,¦ \'J
J. Frank and Marea- Walter* to Ar»lrew J.
Bone, lot <>£ E line of Sanchez street, S50 S
of Thirtieth. S 2?^ by E 125, block 26. Fair
mount; $10.
Elisa J. Johnson to John Man, lot on N line
of Thirty-second avenue, 75 W of G street. W
25 by N 100, lot 45. block 553: $65. f)
William and Agnes O. Mann to S. Ducas
Company (a corporation), lot on S line of Pre
clta avenue, 130 W of York .street. W 60 by
S 150. lots 226 no-" 227, Predta. Valley lots;
$10.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Asaociattan to Eme-
Ila Tennis,' lot In cemetery; $250.
Gustave and Christina Anderson to Nellie
Woll,^lot on N line of Army street; '» 50 E of
Harri»on, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Elsie L>
and Charles C. Doyle, lot on E line of Sec
ond avenue 25 S of A street. S 25 by B 95;
$10.
Sarah J. Swift to Sarah E. Cheetham, lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue. 125 8 of J
street. 8 25 by W 120 : *10.
Home Investment Association to James F.
O'Hanlon lot on SE corner of Thirty-first ave
nue and P street E 5:78 by 9 100; also lot on
E line of Thlrty-flm. avenue. 100 S of P
street. S 25 by E 12!); $225.
William C. and Sarati J. Hamerton to Louis
Westerlund. lot on N line of Montezuma. street.
300 W of California avenue. W 25 by N 70,
lot 21. gift map 3; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Weinstein to William. A.
Best lot on NE corner of Olmstead and Ger
ard streeta, E 120 by N 75, lot 11. Paul Tract;
• Meyer and Katherine Clarke to Jennie Fried
lander, wife of Louis (3-6). Ida Elsenberg.
wife of Ignatz (1-6), Rose Sands, wife of Jacob
(2-6), , lot on S Una of Broadway. 153 W of
Gough, W 43:3<* by S 120; $10.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to L C. Scharff.
lot on N line of Geary street. 110 W of La
guna, W 27:6 by N 87:«; «10.
John H. and Hattie Crow to John and Mary
Teggart. lot on N of Waller street, 37 :tf
W of Buchanan. W 25 by N 120;- J10.
Julia A. Butcher and Mary C. Clark to Mar
garet Botcher, lot on W line of Seymour street,
125. N of Golden Gate avenue, N 25 by W 90;
also lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue. 81:3
W of Central avenue. W 25 by S 100; also lot
on S line -of Golden Gate avenue. 206:3 W
of Central avenue. W 25- by S 137:6; *10.
Elizabeth and Mary EvCrowley to William
Crowley, lot on S line of Clay street. 131 :A
E of Devisadenv E 25 by S 12T:S"i; *l»o lot
on S line of Washington street. IS! :3 W of
Baker. W 25 by S 127:S"4: gift.
Henry W. Dodge and J. Thome to Eliza L.
Dodge, lot on E line •' Baker street. 105:1*4
B of Sacramento, S 27:6 by E 110,. quitclaim
deed; $10.
Addle W. and Frank Ellsworth to Cantelow
Company, lot on N Una of Page street. 106 E
of Lou. E 25, N 114:2. SW to a point 105 E of
Lott street and 112:S*i N of Pass, S 112:8*4;
110.
„ Florence I. Crump (Beverldge) wife of Percy
A., to Flora B. Dyer (wife of George H.), lot
on S line of Washington . street, 137:6 E of
Laurel. E 27:6 by S 127:8"i: 110-
August H. Wilhelm to Pauline L. Wllhelm.
lot on W line of Capp street. 125 9 of Nine
teenth. S 45 by W 122:6; $10.
Sarah B. Melone to L. B. Sibley, lot on NW
corner of Sixteenth and Landers streets, N
C9:6 by W 50; $10.
Same to Hattie B. Elbley. lot on N line of
Sixteenth street, SO ' W of Landers. W 50 by
N 69:6; $10. 1 .
Amelia P. Hogan to Luigl and Bartolomeo
Raffo, lot on W line of Bartlett street. 112 N
of Twenty-fourth N 25:10 by W 117:6; $10.
Adelaide W. Lundberg to Blanche • R. Chees
man lot on E line of Bartlett street, 130 N
of Twenty-fourth, N 21:3. B to point 166:1 N
or Twenty-fourth. S 36:11. W 117:6; $1000.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Wil
liam Mann, lot on SE corner of Diamond and
Twenty-first streets. S 110 by E 125; $10.
Homer S. and MitUe B. Kin* to Nellie- Clark,
lot on ,S line of Francisco street. 165 W of
Dupont.-;W SO by S 70; $10.
William M. Nichols to Margaret Nichols, lot
on SW corner of Powell and Vandewater
street*. 22:11 by 60; also lot on SE line of
Howard street, 37:6 NE of Twelfth. 60 by
87:6; also lot on NW corner of Powell and
Francisco streets.. 22:11 by 60; sift-
Anna M. Schulr to Ajostlno Rocca, lot on
NE corner of Mason and Union streets. E 57:6
by N 25: 510.
Clafkson Dye to Helen and Martha L. Fest.
lot on W line of Salmon street. 97:6 N of
Pacific. N 20 by W 60; $10.
William J.. George A. and Mary E. Mc-
Donald to California Title Insurance and Trust
Company lot on NW line of Jessie street. 1*5
SW of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 75: $10.
Henrietta I. Selby to Giovanni Flgone. lot
on NW line of Fargo street 99:6 SW of
Boardman place. SW 23 by NW 80; $10.
Ruth McLay to Union Brewing and Malting
Company lot on W line of Bryant street, 200
N of Eighteenth. N 75 by W 100; $10.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannls to Mary L.
Fish (wife of Lauron E-). lot on N line of
Lake street. 52 E of Sixth 'avenue. E- 26 by
N 84; $10.
Lauron E. Fish to same, same; gift.
Harriet V. Brownell (wife of "W. W.) to
Charles - Schlesslnger, lot on NE corner of
Broadway and Lag-ana street. E 50 by N 137:6;
flO.
Mary E. McDonald to Meyer Clark, lot on
S line of Broadway. 219:6 E of Octavla street,
E 0:11 by S 120. quitclaim deed; fl.
FRIDAT. NOVEMBER 27.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.. ¦ - . ¦ • . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ . . ¦ ¦ . ¦
THE SAjS FKAIS CISCO CALLr, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1903.
. The f ollcwiae table ' elves a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California river* In cubic feet per
second, or secohd feet, one secend foot equal-
Ing 5O California miner's inches, or about *¦">
Colorado miser's inches. The figures for th«
last year mar be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydroyrapher. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF BIVERS.
13
I HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR ?AI-E.
I T^IO^SAV^u r AGE*r*&"sONSr~
i iu:ai. estate- agents.
; 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW PROPERTIES.
VAN NESS AVB. CORNER.
i Nearly CTO feet of frontage en Van Ness ave.
! and another main street Covered with gcol
j frame improvement* r.ow bringing in over $500
' a month. Can bs added to and made to pay
I at Usst $7C0.
/'
GEARY-ET. CORNER.
Ov»r 150 fee* of frcntage on Geary st. and
acother main business street west of Kearny.
Pays nearly $r,0<> per. month now and Is an
excellent site for new building.
LARGE PIECE ON HOWARD ST.
Over 15,000 square feet on Howard st, not
far from Fourth, with frontage on rear street
An excellent buy for new building.'
SECOND ST.. NEAR MARKET.
$42 000 — We have a tenant who will taTt* a
5 years' lease and pay $400 a month for a
new building to cost $25,000. The total in-
vestment would then be $07,000.
GEARY-ST. BUY.
Not far from ilason; goo3 frontage, with 3-
etory frace building. Pays $145 per month
now.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER INVEST-
MENT.
Rents over $200 a month now from 4 ele-
I gant ftat«; house Is particularly well built;
j sun and light !r. almo«t ever:' room; a very
I attractive lot with depth on north side of
j street; c!o?e to 'a park; neighborhood is flrrt-
! cis.*?: part of lot Is vacant where IftCome can
i be increased.
; PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
• New and elegant two-story attic and base-
1 ment residence; ju«t completed.
I Flr« floor— Reoejalon hall, living: room, din-
> ice-roorn. ail with hardwood floor and dull fin-
i Sshrd redwood troodwork: prate? In living room
; and dir.ing-rcom: artistic den; butler" s pantry-;
J kitchen and closets.
second floor — Four large bedrooms with
! clcthes closet*; :t grates: elegant bathroom
; with tiled sides and flsor and superior plumb-
; ing: toilet ceder closet.
Attic — Large play room; servant's room;
j dark room: servant'* bath and toilet.
Basement — Furnace room, laundry. China-
men's room, toilet; ell cement floor; high ce-
cvnt foundation.
Electric lighting throughout the house: heat-
: Ing radiator In every room; superior quality
: of rs= fixtures end hardware throughout. Mag-
: nlSc«nt . view of the bay and Presidio. Sun
; in almost every^room.
LYON-ST. FLATS.
Two especially well built flats of 7 and £
¦ rooms and bath *ach: key lot of 10 to 20 feet
• cf permanent space toward the couth, thereby
giving pun End light In almost ever}' rooTaC
I rents $-«0; price $9500.
li J4CKSON-ST LOT.' Qd-
'- ¦ © O •"
f47f¥v_Presldlo Helphts lot: north tide Jack-
'•¦ son Ft., near Central ire.; 27:6x127:$; gooJ
j view; £m-clafs residerxe localltji
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
e_tr/vp — Three l^ts en Tvventr^fourth a©#. with
i marnincei:! en^r, unobstniet»<l vlewOof the
Golden Gate. Msif"^ County hills and the Pre-
sidio. An excellent and desirable location for
; attractive house. G . q
Cl £avrel-et. building lo^ °
2.-xl"7:G on Laurel st. in Presidio Heiehta.
i-plen<iid "at for residence cr for twoCJlats.
THOMAS MAGEE & S<Q*S.
5 :.JpNTGOMErQT ST.
\ i Z__2 o O :
,' KOJDFaTN .rcttSires: famished cenrplete wlth^
*rery ecsrvenitnee; easy terms ; r large lots.
i room*— $^"».
t C'rocms — $r>2£0.0 CO' Q. -
i 8 t^roo^os— f-'~-0O. _
6 romns— $-'<C0a ° °
I, C 7c,roorns— JJ100. „„ O
t> 6 room*— ?IC«>. c ° ¦ ?-
Located cQ First ancP F»?cnd ave.. b«:
G*a.ry ar-2 >ipA!lister et cars and one block
north of pari. Fo NELSON, builder.
: JUST oiJenSl a Qi*Q tra<C. of splendid lots In
th/ best part gfQBt9keley; terms very attrac-
tive: call or eend for map and particulars.
fe. F. and O*. Home Building Society. 70S
Slejrhft St.. S. F.
¦ "T».*C^ beautXpu? piQtjii*\ Just finlFhed, iu
• °->y««ion district, Vt tli^ck from cars, can be
j 0-1 easy payments. OSCAR HEY-
JJAN, 14 Pest et.
i BCILI^ en jrowr unirr'- Tived realty: we loan
1 ifaii cc*t I mirror, ana part lot at C per cent
>*ANHATrAN'-t/*tAN rj>.. Crocker bu"dinjf.
("FOR S3\LE — New Kiu«e. ju?t fin^hed. on 20th
ave. i9*ar car Sine; Sunset district.
j LOTS 3.S* or S sideQ>f Golden Gate Vark. T»ur-
c»»ised by W. J. GLNN. 5."J0 California- st.
;e ESTIMATES OpQ plurnbing work new or j]l
Ahlhach £c M^-:er. ---¦lumber!'. S36 -rjoxrari et.
\ HELAl e ESTATE — -Conritrr — For Sale.
! FOrl sS^iep^-lS-acre fruit 'arm; good improve-
| •n.*nt?. ( Sr>od location: Connected with San
i . FranC^co by iciQ and V-'ect^'c cars. Call or
audress 715 Nln^eenth st., "Oakland. Cal.
I $10 MONTH biQ-s a l:-acre farm.
Sfi^OQ profit percannum oer acrw
Write foebo-^k'.et. If, free. 603 J st
V.JUGHT & IglMBROUr-H, Sacramento, Cal.
1 ALF?iI.FA^ iands >c p«tock rauches, orchards,
vin% ttrdf; cftisi>ec%ed ba'ir^ins; monthly cata-
logues, eert f rte. U C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S
- Market s£ JS> C (
•PQINT rSTATET
"VATER front and bargains, all tracts:
map*, photos. BELL. 417 Parrott hldg.
RE%X. ESTATE *" OC fixCHAXtiE.
I A FINE $15.CO0 ir©proved_ranch liPThe Napa !
Valley to nAumf* f<© tQn Francisco or Oak- I
lai'J pror«rty. liy C. LAESENO & CO.. 4(3ti '
Tt-Tith ft.. "Oakland. Cal.Q O j
OAKUM) ADVERTISEMENTS 1
c __; o— 1
OIFICE, 1118 BECSADWAY. f|
OAKLAND RE«,L ESTATE.
rni -, • ¦ _ _, _,,_ ,-,-, rx ...,, IS ~ _w {-.
SPECIAL V ireain— A new 7-roorri hous»b all
modr .-a;* good '.ocatlon; easy terms t» c
LASSEN A CO.. *fi(i Tenth st. Oakland Cal'
S "" °" k Ktl Ay p tOOaiS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRANii HOTELS' .
' S55H Wa«hlngtor- and "510 Niiith sts Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite r.r single wulf?
"Cr without' ooird:. special rates ?o families.
OAKLAyp _^gX~gt JVM-JUIt-E FO a SALeT
TO-MORROW" the iay for^arg^lnTnin~furnP
t£r». .H. Schellhaaa. 11th tt.co- ttore.Oafclnd.
.LEGAL ADVEHTISEMEXTs!
NOTlcE^TO^CRE^ITORS^lEstatt ar~HEINRJr
BOEi^M, also known as HENRY BOEHM
deceased — Notice <S» hereby given by the
undersigneds .7.OHN FARNHAM. as adminr
ietrator of tfte estate of HEINRY BOEHM'
also known as HENRY BOEH*i deceased!
1 to tha areditors 01 anij all persons havln.n,
cUflms aralnst the said deceased, to ex-
hibit therfc; with the necessary vouchers,
-within four,raont"»8 after the first publlea-
titi. < '. this notice, lit the said administra-
-tor at the office of his attorney, CARLTON
W. GREENE, at room 7«, Cnrcnicle builds 1
ing, at the junct?,ftn of Market, Geary and
K*arny streets, the fame bel.>< his place for
tne transaction ot the business of the said
estate in tlia City and County of San Fran-
Cisco. State of California, JOHN FARN-
y HAM. administrator of thfr-estate of HEINi
RY C3OEHM.- also known as HENRY
BOEHM. deotjsed. at San Fnn-
f'eco. November.2S, 1903,
NOTICE TO CREDITORS — Estate of
CHARLES WHITE. deceased— Notice Is
hereby gi\-en the'" undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM.- us admlnirtrator of the estate
of '. -j~HARL.es WHITE, deceased, to the
creditor* of and all persons ¦ having claims
against -the eaJd deceased, ta exhibit them
with tne. necessary voucher*", ' within four
months after the first publication . of this
notice, to the said administrator at the of-
fice or his attorney. CARLTON W. GREENE.
»b room 7C, Chronicle building, at Junction
of Kcamy. Geary and Market streets, the
same being his place for. the transaction of
the busmc-ss o* the eaid estate In the City
and Ccurty of San Francisco, 1 - State of Call-
fo cia. JOHN* FARNHAM. administrator of
the estate of CHARLES WHITE, deceased.
CARLTON W. GREENE, attorney for ad-
minif tratcr. roorce 73. 7tt and 79. Chronicle
building. Dated at San Francisco, Novern-
b»r 2S. 10C3. .. ¦
WE -will buy ths restaurant 615 Washington
, from A. . Sala Nov. 30. 19O3. We shall
' not he responsible for anything - ahoct the
restaurant before this date. N. YOSHIOKA
& CO.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SAL"B.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
- REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$25,000 — Splendid site for an apartment-houte:
Hyde St.; 60x112:6; 2 houses. 10 rooms
and bath each, renting for $100 per
mouth; improvements of little value.
£&,0W-rNe»r City Hall, on Franklin st. ; 2
houses. »i rooms each; 2 flats of 6 rooms
and (J flats. 3 rooms each; bay. windows,
brick foundations, etc.; rents $1SS; lot
103-f cot front
; |21, COO — Ninth *st.. close to "Mission: lot and.
Improvements;. 40- foot front; a eplendid
buy. . - ' ' 1 .-
$15,000 — Rents $67 50 per month, which are
low; Third St.. close to Folsom; 2 stores
and fiat; a splendid holding to improve.
$14,000 — Rents ?00 per month; close to How-
and First sts.: store ' and hotel of 30
rooms; lot 25xS3.
$11,000— Price reduced; rented $12S4 per an-
num; C flats and large lot. 55-foot front,
on Grcve et.; near the City. Hall.
$11,500 — Rents low at iSO.per month: corner
close to Brannan and Third sts. ; im-
provements consist- of store, flats and
dwellicgp; large lot, 35x160; 3 frontages.
$0,000 — Rents >6S per month, which are very
low; Mission st; one cf the best busi-
ners block?; 2 stores and 2 Cats; lot 40-
foot front.
$3,000 — Rents JC8 per month; Howard St.,
near Tenth: 3 modern flats. 5-6-7 rooms
and bath each: lot 24x137:6. " » .
$5,000— Rents $S5 per month; clcse to First
and Folsom sts.: 7 good flats, 4-5 rooms,
bath. each; always rented; lot 50x70.
$7,7C0 — Near Ninth and Folsom sts.; 4 flats, 5
and 4 rooms and bath; bay windows,
brick foundations, etc.;- rents $76; 30:6
xS5.
$6,S50 — Rents $73 per month: corner on Twen-
ty-fifth st; Improvements consist of store
and 5 flats.
I $5,570 — Near Valencia and Fourteenth sts.; 4
flats. 6-3 rooms and bath each: bay win-
dows, brick foundations, etc.; rents $55;
25x70. * .
$5,250 — A bargain: very nice park residence of
9 rooms and bath; 25x137:6.
1 $4,500 — Rents $540 per annum; near Taylor st.
» and Brcadway; 4 flats and lot 37:9x60.
j $4.100 — Rents $3S per month; Clementina St..
near Sixth; 2 good flats, 4-5 rooms and
bath each.
j $3,500— Rents $32 per month; Clara et.. close
/ y \ to Fourth; 2 good flats and rear cottage
of 4-5 rooms each; lot 25x90.
$3,100— Ccrner on Bryant St., near Sixth; un-
improved lot, 25x75.
$3.000— Rents $20 per month, which are low;
corner near Twenty- fourth- and Sanchez;
improvements consist of a store nnd a
flat of 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x100.
j $3,0OO^-Rents $31 per month; close to Sixth
J ." -. and Harrison sts.; 3 flats, 4 rooms each;
i 25xS0.
For further particulars of the above and for
! the "Real Estate Record," containing a list
! of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
j apply at our office.
G. H. T.-MBSEN & CO..
I- 20- Montgomery st..
j Real E«tate Agents and Auctioneers.
j DESIRABLE sunny building lots close to Du-
boce Park; bitumir.ized streets: lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a. holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
our office. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mont-
gomery st.; Real Estate Agents and Auc-
tioneers.
$350 DOWN and ?20 per month, cottage 3
rooms and bath: 4145 23d St.; the latest.
$300 down and S25 per month; 6-room hou»«
) en Duncan st. : a snap.
! D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
» UOOMs FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.
j AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Pine st.,
~near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits: $30 up;
hea-^d. electric lighted; free b«th.
I FIVE nicely furnished rooms; clears rent;
JO ©5f»; $39 down, balance to suit purchaser.
i c&n <3 s o Po *~ st " '" '•
GEART. 1933 — For adults; 4 connecting rooms.
bath. tEWIi-Q gas, coal stove^ all necessaries.
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 sun&v connecting complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms. .
I ."ONES. The Zola: newl;Ofurnished suites,
g3 & 4 Vms ; glso single; water; steam heated.
MISSIO©, Qie?-2H— Three sunny rooms for
housekeeping: 2 beds; coal stove; $13.
"-MODEL HOgSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Newly fur-
j niched rooms; $.".-$12: bath, gae, phone.
CTFARRAX.L-543 — Two sunny, nicely furnished
hourekVepiHf rooms on parlor floor. O
j THE /3CTLERS. 415 Turk— Modern house-
kpg. r 3; 4, 5 rms.; furn, unOirn.
1 ¦ o u — ——rr
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrintjoGs
)' received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUraore.
BOOMS TO 1?I2T Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 5} to $5 per wpek asd
j light housekeeping rooms; open all n!ght u
I AT 'The Almonte." $73 Market st. <orQfo 1 i
fa Fifth ft.) — Rooms. 2ftc. tOc, $1 $1 B0 night;
i ¦ $1 50 ,»¦> $10 week; house open all night.
3URNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Jpjjr-
Rlshe'* 1001ns. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFOD 204 Ellis, corner Ma S on— Elegantly
, furnished sunny roanu; prices reasonable.
! GEART. 122.' -Elegantly furnished front room,
suitable f'>r 1 or 2 gentlemen; ref s. ; privatg.
! GRAND Southerx 7lh an<Tv Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 DO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
1 liYDE. SIO^ — A lanre sunny furnished room,
1 $9 a month.
I JONES. 413 — The Eapi.-re — Sunny furnisbed
I , roomB - r U'"iing water; reasonable; central.
' KEARNY. KM— Sunny unfurn. front sui^-"^
! rooms $10. with kitchen $1*-; adults.
I LAGUVA and McAllister. St. James flat — Su^T
r ny cigle -oom.
j NIN rH, U9 <Gll.'^spie>— Nicely furnished rooms
: »1 5<.» tr. $2 50 per week ; 50c u> 75c p^r nUht
PCi,K. i55S- The Carnegie— This pas changed
hands and is thoroughly ren-vated;' $6 up.
I POWELL 317— Sunny front suite for doctor
! or dentist; also other furnished rooms.
KOTAL House. T26 Ellis — Incandescent ll^iti
rea'linp room, "moking-room and..adies' »/ar-
. Jcr. rooaaW night. &55 to $150; wfc^k, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on groujd
floor, ntotus with hot and cold water* baths.
UNITED STATES~123 Eddy st, nr. Market—
400 single ind fan..ly rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
rrti ling-room; free bus am' baggage.
W.> NE C S. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4^ 3d st. near Market—
Most C'nve-'ent and respectable: 700 rsoms;
35c t<» $1 5o night; $2 to $8 week; elev-Ator;
elec. ..ghts: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A OVERTJE 54FNTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch oiflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
AOOMS AND BOARD.
. -w^, JJot'e^TIbaltimoreT '
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY -ST. ife
r AMERICAN PLAN. ''- fV
PHONE PliiVATE EXCHANGE 705.
. 8ELECT FIRST-CLASS I^AMILY HOTEL.
HOT AI'SP COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY.THE MO£>TH C ®
MUNGER « Z*?,BERG/ PROPRIETOHS.
iifARRISCN^c 570. 4 blocks frorro Palace Hot^—
Large room for 3 or 4 persons; also sissies;
good ht^'oe boa>^ $4 week. ¦ O . . '. .
HOJEL MARTINET. Geary st and Van N>*»
C»ve., has CA'nged hands; hereafter conducted
;1rst-c!af« lHrnily hotel; table board specialty.
M . I. ¦ .' 1 n Q i. . 1 . - 1 111 1
STEVENSON "mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tracilve and sightly rooms; .best table an''
i sert- 4 ce; lo»"sst rates. . - . - m :
EIGHTH. 402— Front sunny room in new"flati v
with or without board; with board, $30 mo.
VALENCIA. 1189 — Nicely furnished moms and
rood boatti; reasonable, w
KOO«S # A.NL» UOAKD \VA.\'1KU.
WANTED — Room and board in good hotel®j£
$3To per tnor-.th for a gentleman: north or
Market st. «id west of Tayloi* Addreiw box
r.CSO. Call office.* . ....- ©
SEWIXG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing macftne; this week only;
D $10. $19. $20: sllghUy used: needles 20o^dor.
a NEW-HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market^it
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. /Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st
.^^STORAGE^AXP WARElFoU^EsTlT
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped 7251
731 Howard st.. nr. "Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
Sce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
' dlte. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances madeV i ~S40
Mission »t; tel. Howard 94L F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movirg Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore *t; phone Jackson 2SJ,
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates; .
.^^TYJPEWRITEng^^AyD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally goc^ Nor^RemTngton/^o"'
1 Smith Premier. $25; ; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50 The
Typewriter Exchange. 536. California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. . 110 Mont-
gomery, st
2D-HAND typewriters sold. : rented, -repaired.
.Webster Typewriter Isspec. Co.; 508 Market,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
* v^lC^Jiv Steamers leave' Baa Fran-
nSi^-^^S^K eisco as follows:
AriL- or Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
AEX/nSQ&S **\ Juneau, Halnes, Skag-way,
I I \»S*A I I * tc> Alaska— 11 a. rn.. Nov.
I \ W&ygA / I 27, Dec. 2. Chang* to cotn-
viv M )r?/ P*"^" steamers at Seattle.
Wji_y4V For Victoria. Vancouver.
>g[AtSljS>^ Port Tovnxnd, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11
a. m.. Nov. 27, Dec 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. JJ.
Ry.: at Seattle or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 30. Dec 8; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Nov, 27. Dec. 3.
For Lo* Angeles (via Port Lcs Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Saa-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. in.
For Lcs Angeles (vta San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Sar.ta Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Lais Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. Dec 3.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Nov. 29. Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayrnas (Mex.), 10 a. rn., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing datea.
TICKET OPTICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, \0 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger As«at.
10 Market street, San Francisco*.
O. R..& N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 23. Dec. 9. 19. 29.
"George W. Elder" sails Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.. C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Art. Freight Dept.. S
Montromery st.
AMXBICA2T LIITE.
How York — Sonthampton — London.
Phila..Dec. 5. »:3O am) N. $*ork.Dec:i9.»:30 am
S.Louls.Dec.l2.»:30 ami St.Paul.Dec.26.»:30 am
- ATLANTIC TSA*TSPOET T-TTTft.
Sew York — London Direct.
Mesaba...Dec. 5. 9 am{Menom'ne.Dec Id. 9 am
Mln'tka-Dec. 12. noon! Mia' p' Is. Dec. 26 10 am
¦v •: - * Only First-class Passengers Carried.
Z> 02X12710 3* TtHtJEI. f
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Cambrom'an ....Dec. 5f Canada Jan. S
Dominion Dec. 9) Dominion Jan. 23
BSD STAB LUTE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Finland. Pec 5.1O:3O am|Krn'ld.Dec.l9.10:30 am
Vadrld.Dec.12.10^0 axa Zealrxl. Dec. 26.10:30 am
WHITE STA2 Tf TTTrT 1
Hew York — Qn.e«nsto-5m — LlverpooL
SaiUng Wednesdays.
Cedric.Dec. 2, 2:30 ptn{ Teutonic. Dec 23. nooo
Arabic. Dec. 9. 9:30 amlCeltic... Dee. 30. 1 pm
Oceanlc-.Dsc. 18. 4 pmi Majestic. ..Jan. «. nooo
Boston — Qneen stowa — LiT en>ool.
Cretlc Dec. 10. Jan. 14. Feb. It
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 2S. Feb. 23
BOSTOS BimJlTJCRBAJTEAJr SESTXCS.
- Azoras, Gibraltar. Naples. Oeaos.
ROMANIC Dec. 3 Jan. 18 Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) ..Jan. 2. Feb. 13." Mar. 2*
CANOPIC ....Jan. 30. Mar. 1*
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
MTf 1?2^^* IMBBCT TO Mt *8m>^ 1TW
IXj^AEfclEXS. nAR5EIUL£3. CUQA^-1 1
yTUAPteS erAXEXAXPBIA. ECYPT.TJ
. ROMANIC, Dec. 5, Jan. 16, Feb. 27. Apt »
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. Fe*>. 13. Mar. 26
CANOPIC ;;..".; Jan. 30. Mar. 12
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In (&«
Mediterranean service.
First class. $73 and ISO upward, aceord-
lorn to date, of salllnr.
Boston to Liverpool Q U ecn "tow»
CRETIC...' Dec. 10i Jan. J4. Feb. tt
CYMRIC Dec. 24. Jan. », Feb. 23
First class, $65 upward. For plans, etc.
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st.
Boston, or to C. D. TATLOR. 21 Post st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORD3NTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with et earners for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3 1908
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling. at Manila)
Wednesday. December 20 1303
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 25. 1004
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
oce^cs.s.co.s«»i
8 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolu!u.Nov.2S.H am.
Si 8." MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec. 10. 2 p. m. '
4J.J?i:CKlS4B33.a n lji.TsatSn5c2,i43SaHi:a
it»^t3aaLt23 BarbtSL.Pkrb. 7.Fa=SeIL
COXPAGSIE GX3E3ALI T1U-I31 TLA5TI JCE. '
DIHECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j^w
Sailing every Thursday instead of *wL£GJf«)
Saturday." at 10 a. nx. from Pier 42. •*-¦¦'•»"*-
North River, foot of Morten street
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to ' Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA-^ 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New YorfcN. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa«t
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents-
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN-. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. in 3:15 and 8;3© p. m.. exeept Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a in. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day it. m. 4:13 r m. Fare. 50 cents. TeL
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st dock. HATCH
BROS. "'
W86HyGaE $1.00 B6r Year
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERIXG.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cur«
In every case; Individual teaching: -no medl-
dce. Inquire Into wonderful curesthome cure.
MARBIAGE LICENSES."
" % j'The following marriage licenses wera \ issued
yesterday: * ' . - . -¦'
Harvey D. Loveland," 42, city, and Lulu P.
Edwards. 24, 279 ~S«n : Carles avenue.
Marshall \V\ Brower, 28.- city, and Eliza-
beth -. I. Utschig, -*».¦ city. ¦*-.. ;
' Aaron E.' Wilson,' 23, city, and Emily E.
Crowell. 21. Stockton. >
W. H.'Dodd, C5, 211 "Jones street, and Clara
N. Wright, 40. 455 Ellis etreet.
• \Edward Hhss, 31. 310,. Minna street, and
.Viola Brooka," 29, 176 Clipper, street.
- Jacob Hoehn, 29, 17 Fourth -street, and
Katharina C. • Saxeenmeier, 22, 44 Clementina.
Alexander Williams, 36, 222 Mason; street,
and Gertrude Peltscher, 19. Los Angeles.
' 'George' W.' Woods, 26, Brookllne, Mass.,^ and
Louise D. -Rutter. 30, Watertown, Wls. .
Pietro-R. CiDolla, 2<5. city, and Caroline IS,
Nelson. 22, city.
Harry -Wanko. 24.' S68 Mission street, and
May , Swank. 25, 868 Mission ' street.
BIRTHS— KASfflAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices *ent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have th* same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
, of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. ..;•>-"';
j B0BN.
' KAHN— In this city, November 24, 1003, to
the wife of Ira Kahn, a son.
MAKBIED. '
FANT — LEONARD— In this city, November
26, 1&03, by the Rev. Jay William Hudson
of the Second Unitarian Church, William
F % Fant and Nellie E. Leonard, both of San
Francisco.
SCHMIDT — TROST — In this city, November
25, 1903, by the Rev. A. Jatbo, pastor of St.
Andrew's German Lutheran Church, Martin
T. Schmidt and Catherine S. Trost, both of
San Francisco. - ¦
Angelin. John Heinimann. Dr. M-
Boyce, Thomas Herbert. Julia
Boyle. Edward P. Hughes, Henry
Burke, Mary . Isaacs, Abigail
Burke. Michael Keating, John 1 Vr -'pj
Cochran, Joseph P.. Kendall, Valentine.
Coletnan. David R. Langeron, Ernestine
Cooney, Thomas B. Lower, John E.
Cotter, Richard McDonell. Anna M.
De Laurier. Eleece . Martin, Margaret M.
Donnelly, Catherine • Meyer, George W.'
Dcnnels, Marie Molinari. James W.
Eccles. William J. Ohrt, Gustav A.
Ehlert, Charles Ross, Bert C.
Fletcher, James Sullivan. M. Carmel
Fowler, ilary Scalding, George W.
Grundell. Tbos. O. Sfruss. William E.
Gillon, Delia Walsh, James T.
Graf. Oscar Wenzel, Gefrge I*
Graff. Justin J. Westerfeld, LouU
. Godsil, Jame3 Geo. A..
ANGELIN— In this city, November 26, 1903,
John Angelin, a native of Ireland, aged VI
years.
BOYCE — In Oakland, November 26, ' 1903,
Thomas Boyce. husband of Mamie Boyce.
and father of Charles Donald and Allen
Boyce, aged 39 years.
BOYLE— In this city. November 27, 1903, of
diphtheria, Edward P., beloved son of Ed-
ward and Mary Boyle, brother of Loretta,
Belle, Gertrude and Joseph Boyle, and grand-
child of the late Peter Morris, a native of.
San Franciscof'aKed 14 years and 6 months.
EyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his oarents. feo Tehama street. Inter-
ment Drivate, Hoiy Crocs Cemetery.
BURKE — In this city, Novi-.ni.ber 26. 1903, at
her residence, 1410 Fillhiore street, Mary
Burke, beloved wife of Fred T. Burke, and
- loving mothtr of Mrs. William Elliott, Mrs.
H. A. Hofnlein and Adelaide. Charlotte,
Fred K. and Daisy . Burke, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged tJ6 years. .
ty Friends can revlewo'remalns from 6 to
10 o'clock v. m. to-day (Saturday). Inter-
ment private. (T
BURK% — In this city. November 26. 1903,
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine
Burke, father of Georce Burke, Mrs. C. V.
Hatfield and the late Joseph M., May V and
Lillie L. Burke and Mrs. Masgie AuberUnr
Krandfeit&cr of Mrs. F. Pilus^ and brother
of William and the l&ie Patrick. Peter and
Jaroe3 Burke, a nati* 1 * of County Galway,
Ireland, ased 72 years 3 months and "ti
days. ©
fFrle-ds atid acquaintances are r*spect«
fully inviiMi to attend the fu.neral(*o- morrow
(Sunday). u at i*;30 o'clock, f«m his late reel-Q
dence, 240 SSotwell street, thence to Et.
Charles Borronieo's Church at ' 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
CC»CHRAX— In tbl^clty. November 26, 1903,
Josecij P. Cochran, t>rother of the late Rob-
ert slid @Ynna -E. Cochran, and uncle of
Smith P- Cochran of Chicago. 111., a na-
tive ©©Pennsylvania, agecr76 years 4 months
and 5 days. A member of St. Andrew's So-
ciety and Abou Ben AdhenPLodge No. 112.
I. O. O. F.
E3'IO'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
DeccmbeiOl, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his late
O residence, 1420 Hyde street. Services at
Central Methodis© Episcopal Church, Mission
etrfet, .between Sixth and Seventh, at 2
o'clock. InQrment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric Oars from Elghteeatb^and Guer-
rero streets. o w
COLEMAN — In this city. November 25. 1903,
David R., husband of Mary H. Coleman, and
father of Henry R- and VQlliam S. Coleman,
a native pt Nantucket. Mass.. aged "H years
2 months and 21 days. . 0
C7The funeral will be held Saturday No-
vember 2S, at 10:30 o'clock© Irom his late
residence. SS50 Twenty-second street, be-
-tWeen and Guerrero. Interment
private .
COONEY— In Oakland, November 27, 1903 at
his residence, 165"o Twelfth sjre«, Thomas
B. Cooney, be'ovcd husband O ot ©Elizabeth
Cooney, and father of Marlon/<?ooney, a na-
tive ¦ of New York- aged 44 and 11
months! V O
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter. e.
COTTER — In (Jhis city. _ November 27, °1903,
Richard Cotter, dVarljP bekwred husband of
Margaret Cotter, tmd loving^father of Rich-
anf i. and MaryoCbtter. a native of Glen-
brook. County Cork, : Ireland, aged 69 years.
JcyNotice of fuOeral bpreafter.
DE LAURIER— InO this «ty, November 27
lOOSOEleece^e LiWirier, beloved daughter of
the late AnWa A. de Laurier, and sister of
George D., CorinejAJ. and* Lillie A. de Lau-
rier ; a native of X3chigan % aged 20 years II
montQ? and 27 days.
C^Remalns at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co., -.1909 Mission street. Notice
of f uneral hgjreaf t<?r. -• . .: - -
IX)NNELLY-0*n this cltyr November 26, 1903,
L| Catherine F. (Carrol) .Donnell.f« beloved wife
of Frank Donnelly, and mother of John J.
Donnelly, a native of Ireland, aged (Jo-years.
IC5" Friends and acqualnSnces arerespect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock. froS the parlors
• t of J. C. Qj?,Con»or A. Co., -767 JSlSslon street.
thence to the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer for services at 10:15 o'^Jock. Inter-
_ment Holy Cross C«meter> r . .*. requiem high
mass -f-ill be celebrated for* the repoac of
her soai on Monday. November 39, at 0 :30
o'clock, at the Church of the Most Holy Re-
deemer. - Friends and acQuaintanceargftre in-
„ vlted to attend. . . . .
DONNlSLS— In Merced, Cal., ©Tuesday, No-
vember 2*. ©XC, Marle. G belreyed wife of the
late Thomas Dunnels, aiui tfiother of .Albert
, T. and Horace C. Donnels and®Mrs. J. D.C
Bradley, aged 70 years . 11 months and 2tS
fj days. : .--,.. ¦ ¦ . , .
. v fg'lnterment Cypress lSiwn Cemetery No-
vember 1 2S. Funeral car . will • leave Elght-
eecA-i and Guerrero streets at®."£45 o'clock. ¦-'
ECCCES— In Oakland, November 27, 1903.
William J=_ Eccles, beloved husband o{ Kate
M. Eccles®and father of William F., Alice
G., Anastasia and the late Angela M. Eccles,
and brother of the late Vincent Eccles, Mrs.
"Roy Hutchinson and Mrs. Robert Northam.
a native of San Erandsco, aged 45 years. Md
(C7"Fr1ends and acquaintances are regpect-
• fully invited . to attend the funeral Sunday, "
November 29, IP03, at 2 o' clocks from his
late Ksideace. 951 Thirty-fifth street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where services will
be held.', commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment St., Mary's Cemetery. : ....
EHLERT — In . this city, « November 25, 1903.
. Charles ' Ehlert. a native of Germany, aged
'¦ ¦' 44 ¦ veaj" 2 months and .-.5 days.- •
C^Frlerds and acquaintance", are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the fune.al to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlois"
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission Btreet.
between Seventh and Eighth, where services
wltf*be "held,- under the auspices of Court
Star of the Mission No. 7197, Ancient Order
of Foresters. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
- tery. -.•:'¦ . : ' : ..¦..', v .- • >
FLETCHER— In thl?, city, November 27, 1903,
¦James, beloved husuand of Lillie R, Fletcher.
and father • of Jamee P. Fletcher. * a native
of England, ' aged 27 years 4 months and 28
days. A member of • Gas Workers' ' Local
• Union. ¦; .' .. S. f. ..-'¦-¦ ¦'"¦' ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦:
(C7Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
"& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
.'.-: and Eighth. •¦¦;¦; ¦- , .-;..
FOWLER— In 1, thia city,' November 25. \ 1903.
Mary,, beloved wife of » the late John W.
Fowler,' devoted mother. of Catherine, Agnes,
Annie, Emma. end Minnie Fowler, and lov-
ing sister of . Mrs. . Daniel Gllligan of Oak-
land,- a. native of County Galway, Ireland. \ ;¦¦
C7The funerar will, take place Saturday,
November 29, at 8:39 o'clock, from her late
.', residence, 909 Halght street; thence to Sacred
;' Heart' Church,* where . a solemn requiem high
• mass' will be celebrated ' for the repose of
. her soul. ? commenclns : at , 9 ' o'clock.' ¦• Inter-
- ment'.prlvate.tHoly. Cross j Cemetery. '¦ ¦ -
GILtON— In j this November .% 27, s 1903."
'James McGinn. ,.---.;.'¦ - Henry Hanson.
; .. JAMES McGINN & CO., -- -
Formerly. With; McGinn -Bros., -
— — Funeral jDirectom and- Embalmers.
'¦'•- 214 Eddy- st.: Tel. South 576» .-¦¦'
Delia, beloved wife of James V. Glllon, and
sistar of, Mrs. F. M. Hamlll and the late
Mrs. Mary Murray and James Qulnn, a na-
tive of 1 Massachusetts, aged 42 years. .Ama-
Sor papers please copy.) . -*T
GOD5IL— In this city, November 27. 1903, at
his residence. 79 Pierce street, James, be-
loved husband of Margaret Godsil,' and father
of Lulu A., Mary E. and Josephine M. God-
sil, a native of Ireland, aged 6S years 8
months and 2 days. . : .
K7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRAF— In this city.'November '27. '. 1603. Oe-
| car, dearly beloved son of Henricus and Rosa
Graf, a native of San Franci3co, aged 'M
years 8 months and 3 days.;. . -
ICT Friends . are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:15
o'clock, from his late residence, 1123 Scott
street, between Turk and Eddy. - Interment
private. Please omit flowers. .
GRAFF — In thl* city. November 25, 1903, Jus-
» tin J.. Graff, beloved father.' of . Joseph J..
Gustave "and Froglen Graff, a native of
Switzerland, aged 74 years 5 months and 17
~ia.ye.iy ¦"". ¦ "¦'¦ '> v
GRUNDELL— In tbi* city, November 26, 190B.
•Thomas | Oswald Grundell. beloved husband
\pf Florence Grundell, and brother of Charles,
-Hubert.* Richard and Frederick Grundell,
- Mrs. Corbett. Mra. . Swabel and Mrs. Krelg.
a native of Canada.', aged 33 years.
! > E3"Fripnri« and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel^of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery
avenue,- thence to French Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEINIMANN— In Oakland. November 26. 1903,
Dr. Michael Heinimann. beloved husband of
Anna M. Heinimann, father of Dr. J. M.
Heinimann. Mra. J. Peltier and Mrs. H.
Heath.; and grandfather of Victor M. Pel-
tier, i a native . of Alsace, Germany, aged 85
years and 2 months. .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited : to . attend the funeral cervices
Sunday, ; November 29, .1903, at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence, northwest corner of Twen-
ty-third ; avenue" and Ea*t - Twenty-seventh
street. ' Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. 9 Funeral Drivate, ¦ Please omit
flowers. . - : ; ;•'„' -
HERBERT— In this city, November 27, 1903.
JuMa, beloved daughter of Thomas and. Julia
Herbert and sister Of William, Frank and
Mary Almo- Herbert,' a native of New York, .
aged IS years 9 months and" 27 days.
HUOHES — In this 1 city, November 25. 1903,
Henry, beloved • son of John and Jennie
Hughes. ¦ brother of Thomas, Frank, James
and Theresa - Hughes, - and grandchild ¦ of
Thomas and the late Therasa Riley, a na-
. tlve of ( -San • Francisco, aged : 10 years 7
' months' and ' 15 days. . . "
|C3"Frien<l» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 20 Geneva street, off
Brannan, between Sixth and Seventh, thence
to St. Rose's Church for *ervice3, commenc-
ing ' at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
, : Cemetery.' .
ISAACS — In thla city, 'November 26, 1903,
Abigail, beloved wife of I. L. Isaacs, mother
of Ruth and Myrtle and the late Geneve
Isaacs, and daughter of the late Hannah
Hcrgan, a native of California, aged 3tt
years 11 months and 20 dys.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
.to-day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the mpr-
tuary chaDel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, , .
KEATING— In the City and County Hospital.
November 26,. 1903, John Keating, a native
of Washington, D. C, aged' 3ft years.
KENDALL— In this city, November 27, 1903.
Valentine • Kendall, a native of San Fran-
cisco. Member of Alta Lodge, I. O.O. F.,
and PlledrlveraV Association.
(C5"Notlee of funeral . hereafter.
LANGERON— In this city. November 26, 1903,
Ernestine Langeron, beloved mother of
Charles A. Dumont, and mother-in-law of
Mrs. Charles A. Dumont, a native of France,
aged C5 years 2 months and 3 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are rt-spect-
fully' Invited -to attend th« funeral service*
Sunday, November 29, 1903, at 12:30 o'clock,
p at her late residence. 13C9 Powell street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LOWER— In this city, November 23, 1003,
John Edgar Lower, beloved .son of Edward
Lower, and brother of Mr*. Grant Swan, a
native of Ohio, y&eed - 39 years. A member
of Court Richmond No. 86, Foresters of
America, end Golden Gate Branch No. 214.
National Association of Lettercarriers.
[ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
' Sunday, November 29. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
- Twenty-first. Intermen. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
ter >- ' «5
McDONELL— In Alameda, November 24, <K«3.
Anna Marie, beloved wife of Captain E. R.
McDonell, a native of Sweden, aged 31 years
and 3 months.
JCXFrlerrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 28, 1903, at 11 o'clock,
at th* residence, 1041 Railroad avenue, Ala-
med£.0 Interment Drivate, Mountain View
Cemetery. " - ¦
MARTIN — In Alaraeda. November 26, 1903,
Margaret Marcella Martin, beloved daughter
of PiUnck and Lena Martin, sister of Eddie,
- . May *%nd Helen I Martin, and granddaughter
of the late Patrick acd Ellen Desmond of
Llvermore, a native of El Paso, Texas, agea
• 4 years 7 months and . 10 days.
CyFrienda and acquatn&nces are rtspect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
November 2S, 1903, .at 9:30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence, 1615 Stanton street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
• EL Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MEYER— In this city. November 27. 1903,
George W. Meyer. belov*i son of M. D.
Meyer and the late Cathrine Meyer, and 1
br&her of Herman M. D., Fred W. and Ma-
, thiltia Meyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years and 17 days. A member of
National Parlor No. US, N. S. (J. W., and
Oer-pania Club. «
•> . c^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
130S T3roderick street, - thence to Native !
Sons* Hall.^414 Mason street, where funeral j
cervices will be held under the auspices of I
National Parlor No. 118. at 2 o'clock. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. i
MOLINARI— In this ctty, November 27. 1903.
James?- W.. dearly beloved husband of Maria
L. Molinari. beloved son of Bianca and the
late Glacomo Molinari, and brother of
Charles, John, George and Andrew Molinari
and Mrs. J. Cereshino, a . native of Italy,
aged 44 years and 9 mon'hs. .
OHRT— In this city, - November 26. 1903, "*en-
¦ tered into rest, Gustav Adclph. loving son of
' Mis. (Anne and the late Adolph Ohrt. and
nepneS* of Rube-.; and Curtis Winchester, a
native of ' San t'rancisco, aged 34 years 6
months and 13 days. A member of Seattle
Aeni'No. 1.
ICTFi lend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully flnvited to attend the funeral services
SundaT, November 2», ¦ 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of Craig. Cochran &. Co.,
41*0 Goldfn Gate avenue, -. between Larkln and
Polk streets. Cremation in Odd Fellows"
Cemetery-
ROSS— In this city, November 25, 1903, Bert
C, beloved son of Albert E. and Mary E.
Ross, and brother of lone, Irma. Leola and
Stanley Rosb and Mrs. Alfred ¦ Scale, a -na-
tive of California, - aeed ;rj years 7 months
and 12 days.
-"CTServlcts to-day (Saturday), at 11
3 o® lock, at the chapel of the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. November 27. 1003.
-M.' Carmel, dearly beloved daughter of Dr.
and Mrs. J. F. Sullivan, a. native of San
Francigco. aged 4 months and 0 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the'resl-.
. dence of her parents, 34CS Seventeenth
etreet, . between Valencia and Guerrero. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPALDING— In this city, November 26, 1903.
Georgg? Weldcn ' Scalding, . beloved child of
J. A.- Spalding. and . Mrs. L. M. Spaldlng-
Wallate, and beloved brother of Lew A.,
Harry F..^ Violet A. and Mabelle E.: Spald-
ing and Robert A. Wallace, a native of San
Frsncisco, aged 18 years and 17 day*.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
November 29, 1903, at' 12 o'clock, at the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. I
STRUSS— In this "city.*. November 27, 1903,
H William Edward, ? beloved son of William
and Georgie Strusa,, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 months and 21 days. ¦
C^Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I the funeral services
Sunday, November 29, 1003, at 11 o'clock, at
3 the residence -of his ' parents, 1S91 Union
. street! : Interment : Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WALSH— In thin. city. November 27, 1903.
James T. Walsh, formerly of Vallejo, a na-
- tlve of New Jersey, aged 46 years 10 months
5, and. 23 days. > '
WENZEL— -In this city, November 26, 1903,
George L., beloved husband of Emilie -Wen-
eel, I a native of . Bavaria, Germany, 5 aged 84
years and (i months. ... •
¦ E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
" (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from: his late resi-
dence,- 309 Fulton street, between Franklin
and Gou eh, and thence by electric funeral
..-•car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streeta
at \ 2 o'clock to Mount ; Olivet . Cemetery ' for
Interment. - Please omit . flowers. Interment
private. • ¦ ' •
WESTERFELD— In this city. November 26,
¦T 1903, LouU Westerfeld, beloved father :¦ of
\ Mrs. Emma Hertel. Mrs. Ida L. ..Ankele,
Carl- Westerfeld and H. William Westerfeld.
- . a native of Germany, aged 77 years 9 months
" and 14 days. : 7 - - ¦ •
IC7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited ¦ to attend the . funeral - services
, Saturday. , November 23. 1903.' at 2 o'clock,
; at 1003 Geary, street-*, Incineration Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. "
WETTMANN— In this city, November 25. 1903.*
¦ •¦ George 'Alfred, beloved ¦» husband . of Ella
Wettmann, son' of : the late Catherine Hen-
ni?, and brother of, Mrs. Amelia Barzellottl
and 'Frank Giltner, "a native of Sydney, Aus-
tralia, asred S'J years. : '^: 1 *
- '.'•- tET" Re mains at the' mortuary chapel of
' Julius -. S.". Godeau, 305 Montgomery • avenue.
Funeral private, r Interment r Cypress Lawn
¦ Cemetery.. _
peksoxai.s. '
a speciaiTlow rate"^Tdays oni.v— \
M. ELL.\ KAURIS. j
*o all v.-hom 1 fcsie maue prices to sines [
Jan. l. JSC3. & for the ensuing 5f» dsr» or.ly. j
I v.-ill cub a "tbtral reduction frcm all '
1 rie«» Cor rr.y «i.-pc:ai deev-wrlr.icle trectmect. ;
Titf ia-lr who has b»"«n en exhibition !n j
:ii~ .3r-jR atcr« v.ttidans r.-.ey be «M-en at mr j
oTflce this wptk frcra 10 to 5. In order ta ac- J
rorc^acdate thare who have requested to es- j
.•".:;.e the face ::iore thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARniS, I
"SI OTarrrti ct.. near Ltrfcln. CaU cr urlte ;
for book expla'.s'.r.g method. |
iva rons "cloak* Xnd suit house.
Young "ad;»s ttec<i::>- emploved cas have
Barer.'* clo\k», suits, furs and ta'.Inr-aiads
*Jilta to ordirr, <n weekly or monthly pay-
ment* jtlan. at regular marked prices. Con-
vloc* ycur>UI ty calling on BARON. 7C2
m aat1Crt «•
THE Star Uc!r Rfiredy restcres gray ha'.-. lm-
prm-ee itr growth. Ptops falling, cure* ntrsdrtft
acd :tchir.? scalp; no stain cr Et:ckmes«;
•"leans^s «ca!p;at druggists'. hclrdr?ssers" ;ac-
_j~f rt no ta*artliate. Star P.enseCy CO..13SS Polk.
>'OT ho-* fh«sp but how good Is the raotto of
the rcanufacturtrs of the Rapl" R^sry
ftardi.ri3. the s*t--ing-machine of to-day, i.
&W.-. EVANS, asrert. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, <-ures per-
rr.sr'stly morphine, coca'.r.e habit. Call or
sddres* Central Pharmecr. 251 Craat ave..
i < rner Sutter Ft.; fee moderate.
PRE.TTY. honorable lady, wealthy, wants ln-
ttjiiger.t, honest husband. Box 4'5. Back
Bar. Boston. Mass.
DBOTKENNESS, morphine and all irvs •':--
cas'.s yositiveSy cured by WSllcw Bark Co..
iK2 Polk t\- ; consultation free; call or write.
MASSAGE, nand-rubtinr treatment: fac« -vi-
bratory machine; penuine tubs. Prof. Morris.
4(«3 Geary ft., r.r. Matcn; r.urse asfistent.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoata
ar.d trousers et CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 7^1 Market st. " ]
LIQI'OR habit cured in 2 days or r<o cbarces; j
' guaranteed. Acn.e Llguor Cure Co.. 4W7 Mar-
ket st.. rocra C03. !
ELEGANT suits or. ee*y ir.^tai:tr.»ntr; :-O ctnis j
&r.i up per week. LEON UE3IOS. l'.2T Mar-
ket st., bttweea Seventh ar.d Eighth. j
DAXCCCO Tu^fday. Thursday. BatttrOay. Sun-
<iay «-vgs.. Teutcr.la He!!. Howard Ft., cr. I
tth; Prof. Fcft.fr; scoieiy danclrtg taught.
EMILZ VASSEI'R. Piease c-osnicunicate *"ith I
ycur eister to b-;x 4714. Call offcj>* '
WANTED— Man cnJ wife to take care cf '¦
iwvj5*-. r»>r:t free. 4137 1 i Soventefnth street, j
MASQUERADE uimiif «. r'.ay boekr. wifs; \
eaasirg er.vr?. goldstkix a- co.. 7:n Mkt.
ANDERSON — Elegant t"-.?r.tr!ra! an.! rr.anquer- ;
afie cc-Ktuiiret rtnied. 20 O'Farrei: ft. :
EUTTS to crder en iBStaUxatatS. SI r*r wefk. !
yedatmi i- Co.. merch, tailors. 727-72.* Mcrk?t.
ErPlZF.KI.UOUS hair & moles rc-awM by elec- (
trie ne»"ie. Dr. & Mr*. Travprye.,1 170 Market.
THE bed P'.tce to buy gooi mntedJaa or hive !
:!.,n : covered cr repaired !s 120 ftockton st.
¦TAnjOB-SIADE suit ?7 ZO: drets psnts J2 50. j
Misfit CtotblBg Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupo^t. '
AUnSSDdt'fi Ejr>'ptian He-r;a restores gray :
hair to iie natu-al color; $1: at all druggists', i
ButJeiSoaM hair and n:oles removed with e!er- ,
trsc cecije. Mr« & Miss Eaten. 1113 Sutter.
A WKHK? nevrs fcr T> cents— The Weekly Ca!!.
"f. psfn s. lr mrai'ver. fT ma'lir:?. fl r«»r year.
' PHYSICIANS ASD SURGEON*.
£>K~C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and rtitdTnce. '
"«21H Market ft., bet. Gth and 7th; parties-
tar ttter.ticn paid tc dUeasei cf wc'S.
BLOOt*. skin and recta! disea&es a apectaity.
DR. BALL, :w7SJ-: Market st.
REMOVED— IiR. WONG HIM. herb doctor. ;
treat* ell diFeases cf the hjir.an b^dy: for '
|.a« four years at 115-117 p.s-k- lo-
cated et CC7 Geary et., near Leavecwcrth.
VH TO3CQ PO CUT. •ticeets.M- to L>r. L! Po
Tai. h'-rh dr»tor. cures all disease cf tusita
by us* *& herbs e^d teas. 727 "A'as^ngtoa «t.
Pi*- II. C. WONG. 7:3 Pest «.; Til i.i-jfM
curtg by Chinese herbs; cccsuHaticn frt-«.
'•'ON5 WOO. the famous herb doctor— A U diS-
''"" '"iif-i t-y Ch*r*-»e herb*. 74C-< Ciay st.
'•ROI-QSAi.S.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS, fg,-
of the board of state har-
t- r Con:n.:«£;oner?. Union Depot and Ferry '
Uorce, taa Fra=c;sco, C^'iicmia, Novesa-
Ur JU. U<3. • ,
jfrcpoaal* or \Hr will be rrreived at ¦
tfcle tffice at cr prl?r to 2:15 f'cl.^k p. m. L
on W "adnesday. Uecember *;3 i<vvi for the
¦ / crr.j'trucuon cf a eecllon of .--»'.-&:: »sd I
"""^a^ afcnt same to be "fcxatf A berv»«n I
King ar.d Ch&r.nel streeu on 'the wai-r I
front cf -he City and County -jf Ean Fran- \
cUcc. in acoord&acc with u»e iilans and »
treciScaticr.s prep&rec tberefcr b* the Chief !
Etgineer cf the Board kn-l adopted fc» 'he
Beard Antrim "7. 15>UJ. K& on tie In itiis 1
oifice, to which ep»-c!il reference Is hereby ,'
n^ade. The work to be ccn« under these 1
ep^ciSeations contiets in 1 lrnishicg &H nia-
terials and labor for ccoetructtag a^li erect- ;
ing *l stcne eeawail with end embt-.kaienii
and a »t*rf. It ie estir^ated tfca^. V«e »*»- !
vail and end en;bankniert» viu' co"ta:a :
abcut 90,C4>0 toes of etcne.'. the w-harf will !
-^ntain iC.C-tO satire reet st rswixarf tur^'
vice. Tbl»- eectlon of tie t-eawall wiil ex- .
teed frocitii^ Intersection of t+>e nortneriy,*
!lne cf Channel tti*et <prr,'crgt<ti- easieri-'j i
with the water frost line, six hundred <C0i« '
ie«t northerly alor^ said water-^rcnt li;».
The "materials to be used fcr tne _ construe- '
tion of '>;-«¦ eeawail and ead eni'-anksents '
will consist of etone not subject- to -erxai- i
r«ocitlon nor disintegration by th« fi-tzn c* i
.-< a water or air.
Two classes of etone will be^ recognized
The first class will lr.c- ide stinie o' on" or •
more cubic feet in -'air assortment -f *,z»« !
between on* and four cublcv-feet; n'ii ofclec- J
Uon will be "-lade to etoce iarger'^h^a four
cubic feet; this els* 3 cf EtcU kusk be f-*e '
of eearns and marked Qsh of c>*v?y«. • '
The second class will include stone . o f le*s j
than one cubic foot. In asserted -sizes but I
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac- '
cepted at the Quarry.
The cuuerials fcr the cotJEtructlcn'of th» '
wharf will consist cf tit requlfite^ouant I
ties cf first class, close grained. Uo^iu
yellow fir pile* and yellow fir lumber liing
' ch?^tab!e <;t«illty). wire rcr>e. wrcuef^> iron
bolt*; tpacea. etc.. till /jf the best •R ta US>
and EUbiect to a rigid exarninatwnV j
No bid will b*-. received unless it j s rr.*a*
en a blank f^xa furelshed from this efftee
acT 1» accorr-riariieu by a cerUfled cfcf-jc for
five per cent cf the eggr«r?te amount of
the bid. payable, to the order of - the . "secre-
¦tary cf the Board, ae a guarantee on the 1
part of the successful r-->id£!-r that kJ »«• !
wltrin six <€) days aft^r tlai accepu^ice of 1
the bid enter into a written contract to do i
M.ifl work, according to the plans a^i ev^c. \
. if.caticcs prepared therefor, and win also'
execute and file with Jils Board a bond In i
such su^v as the Board mz-y deem adequate \
with a ir-rety company, to. be approved by'" r
the Board of State Hi.bor Cosir~is»«onera
and conditioned for the faithful performance
cl euch contract: ncr wll'-catd bid ta eon-
eiaered by this Toard nalwi dellvefad to the
tecretarj' or to' the afV~«tact secretary at '
the effice cf the eecretary. at or irXor to
2:15 o'clock p. ci. on Wednesday, Dece-n-
ber 23, 1903. at which time and place ta«
bids will b^> ooened.
The Board rC-«rves the right to reject any or
all bids if deeded for the best Interest of
th« Etate.
Bidders are invited to be preset »t ih» opea-
isr ot the bid*. " . - *^
<T*IAS. H. ePEAR.
J.THN C. Kir
. J. D. MACKENZIE.
W Board of State Harbor Ccmmiaciocera. ' -
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief rmrtneer.
JOHN M....FOY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS— Eia* wanted. Notlc* U hereby
rives: that *ealed proposals wllK'Je received
by the board of directors cf the Veterans'
Hcane'Cf California, at Its office, room 13. 320
Sa^retne tt.. San Frarrtsoc" CaL. up to 11
oclock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1«R and opened Immediately thereafter In the
presence cf bidders, for furnishing an<" <-*Hv-
erir.g jjuartermartcr asd coTumissary
etc. Icr the Veterans' Hcr-e, Napa County, j
CaliforEia (railroad siatioa -i'ountviUe),for six-i
month*, coni-nenclng Jan.,^", 1904. and endina-y
June 3ft, 1»«>4. Scheduled w'tli .'^formation
and Instructions fcr eubmlttlug bids wiu be I
lurnished upon aprJiAtion by the under-
slrr.ed. Bidders wiil carefully foH-w the^on- '
dlticns cf the schedules, and no \)id will be
censidtrefl cnless H Is In accordance with
such ¦cluJulfi Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must b» made en sample* submitted. : >»«, bids '
will be received from parties who ar« ;^>ot
re/rular dealers In and carrying stock of sup-
plle* -<vn which they tild. ¦¦- Each bidder must
accoropar.y bis bid with a certified check
upon Borne well -known and responsible bank-
ing-house fcr at leart 10 oer cent of toe
trr, -ur:t cf fclf bid. payable ta C. ,Mason
K.'t.'-. treasurer, conditionea that the bidder
will enter ir.to a cood and valid contract
upon notice cf acceptance, ac required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount Kpedfled. Addresa JOHN
F. EHEEHAX. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors cf the Veterans' Home cf California,
room 13. 220 Sansom* *treet. San Frandaco,
Cal. : ,
By order of the Board of Director*.
JOHN F. 6HEEHA.V. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Ca!., . November 26, 1803. —
Sealed proposals, in trlplJcate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. ta . December
2(5. 1903, and then opened for furnishing and
«T'>ctJng a 60.000-callon tank on ~ 30-foot
-_ Trestle et Fort Mason, Cal. Government re-
9i s-wve* rirtil to reject or ' accept any or all
Uds In whole cr in part. Information fur-
i:ish*d en artplicatlon to WM. S. PATTEN.
Afyistant Quarterciayter Genera.!. O'ef Q. M.
TO IJST.
E1IOEING. waron and paint etaop, 22xS0. , In- '
quire in crocery. southwest corner Geary and
BroCerlck cu. IThe trouble between the Sen Suey
Ylngs and the Wong family, which for
the last week has threatened to end
In more Chinatown murders, was set
tled amicably yesterday afternoon. The
dispute was over a woman, who, it Is
claimed, owed money that she refused
to pay.vS, "
Highbinder War Averted
Burglars entered the residence of
Fred Hartman at 16SS Green street
early Thursday morning and departed
with two valuable rugs, which had been
placed In the basement. Entrance was
effected by the use of a skeleton key.
Captain of Detectives Martin was no
tified. \S
Burglars in Western Addition.
military, naval and civil forces In Cm**
has been revoked. H. A. TAYLOR.
"Assistant Secretary."
¦ ':', Trachoma is Granulated, Eyelids. Mu
rlne Eye ; Remedy cures ! this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strong.
Druggists and opticians. ' •
VJ. v Murray/ Fairchild reported at the
Morgue; yesterday - afternoon ; that his
son, Louis M. Fairchild, of Linden ' ave
nue had- taken poison, -but before the
emergency 'ambulance arrived ; made
his scape and could not be found/
Poisoned Man Astray.
Everything that is new, good and mod
erate priced in trunks, valises." dress suit
cases,- traveling sets, pocket books and
wrist bags for the holiday trade now on
sale. All leather goods lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
"I will add that the order of Novem
ber 3, 1900. extending' the provisions' of
executive order of November 4, 1899." to
mail p'ackages forwarded to the United
States by members of the United Statea
.."Referring to your letter of the 6th
Instant. I have to inform you that un
sealed packages made up by the United
States Postal Agent at Shanghai, China,
addressed for delivery in . this country
and containing merchandise, are admit
ted to the malls subject only to the pay
ment of . duty. The Postal Agent at
Shanghai should stamp upon or affix to
each package a statement of Its contents
and value, for the assistance of the cus
toms officers. '
"There are no other postal agencies In
China or Japan to which the privilege re
ferred to is extended.
Acting Customs Collector Hamilton
has received the following from the Sec
retary of the Treasury with reference to
soldiers' gifts and other dutiable arti
cles:
Secretary- of the Treasury Revokes a
Privilege Heretofore Enjoyed by
Military Men"
SOLDIEBS' GIFTS FBOM
CHINA ABE DUTIABLE
Assessor Dodge left yesterday for an
Eastern '{ trip which wilt consume five
or six weeks.. Dodge has letters of in
troduction to Mayor Harrison of Chi
cago and other Eastern Mayors and
will combine business with pleasure by
making a study of assessment and tax
ation as carried on in the Eastern cen
ters. ;
Assessor Dodge Leaves for East.
Society will be surprised to learn through
to-day's issue of the San Francisco . News
Lett«r of the return to the fold of some mem
bers of our Four Hundred, who. It was thought,
had left her© for good.
In the Looker On department will be found
an account of some San Francisco society girls"
adventures in New York; also the story of the
quarrel between the California Club and the
Outdoor Art League, besides plenty other
choice morsels of gossip. - _ •
There ts a good-natured though satirical crit
icism of the Urst performance ot the San Fran
cisco Comedy Club, and an amusing descrip
tion of the stage villain In real life.
The financial. Insurance, automobile, liter
ary and dramatic utterances of the News Let
ter are accepted as authority and its com
ments on current events contain many a pun
gent shaft. _ -_' -' * •
To-Day's News Letter.
The beneficiaries of the will that
brought the action are brothers and
sisters of the deceased. They will have
to pay the collateral inheritance tax.
'The plaintiffs also asserted that the
law was unconstitutional because It
discriminated between brothers and
sisters and other relations. The court
declares that it is within the power of
the Legislature to make such discrim
inations, v'./s^;;:
It was argued first that the body of
the act in question did not conform to
the title. The court admits this fact,
but regards it merely as a clerical er
ror.
The Supreme Court yesterday de
clared valid the amendment of 18S9 to
the collateral inheritance tax law.
George Campbell and other beneficiar
ies of the will . of Cornelia Campbell
maintained that the statute was un
constitutional for various reasons.
UPHOLDS COLLATEBAL
INHEBITANCE TAX LAW
Supreme Court Admits Measure Is
Faulty, but Declines to Declare
I It Invalid.
Elise de Laurie, a handsome stenog
rapher, 20 years of age, died at noon
yesterday at her home, 1931 Mission
street, as the result of a criminal oper
ation. Mrs. Dr. Kraetze and Arthur G.
Glidden, an architect, of 583 Natoma
street, were taken before Captain Mar
tin last night for examination. Glidden
staled that he had been engaged to
Miss de Laurie for two years and in
tended to be married in the near fu
ture. Mrs. Dr. Kraetze denied partici
pating in any criminal operation, and
claimed that she knew nothing of the
case until Thursday night, when she
was summoned by Miss de Laurie.
Investigate Girl's Death.
'Mrs. Clara Foltz. attorney at /taw. has re
moved to the Mills building. Phone. Front OS. *
The Labor Council has been Informed
that the strike of the Stockton tailors
has been settled. The f ouncil was also
notified by the Pastemakers' Union that
the latter will demand an increase of 5
per cent over the present wages.
The Labor Council has been asked to
declare a boycott on the California Saw
Works because of an infringement of
union rules.
The Plasterers' Union may soon de
clare a strike, as their demands for an
increase In wages from $5 50 to $8 50 per
day will not be granted by their em
ployers. At a meeting yesterday after
noon the employers decided to force the
issue, and accordingly notified the men
that their demand would not be
granted.
In the event of such a strike the
plumbers and inside finishers will also
be thrown out of employment, for it
will be impossible for them to work if
the plasterers go out. The reason the
employers refuse to grant the Increase
is because they allege that many of the
men now employed are not worth $5 50
per day.
The Sailors' Union yesterday gave
$200 toward the striking lumbermen at
Fort Bragg. "
Employers~Befuse to Grant Increase
in "Wages and a Strike Is
Looked For.
PLASTEBEBS MAY SOON
QUIT WOBK IN A BODY
town resort and then weat to the pris
on, where they conversed with the
slayer of McClung for twenty minutes
in®a rpanner that fully evidenced the
deep Interest they have taker.* in his
case and that they are prepared to of
fc him every possible assistance in
cilarlng himself of the serious charge.
Earlier in the day Bradley prepared
a statement. In which he claimed that
his interest in Garnett was simply that
of^ friend, he having known the pris
one:t>for more than '".tour years and that
he acted as his adviser on the night of
Gprnett's arrest only after he had been
appealed to by the man. It is claimed,
However, that if the prisoner, at his
trial, waives the relation of confidence
oilman and lawyer that is supposed to
exl^t between him and Bradley the lat
ter will go on the stand as a witness
regarding Garnett's conduct preceding
the shooting. •
Mrs. Colt's condition yesterday was
such, according to her physician, that
she was prohibited from seeing her
most intimate friends. It was learned
last night that an effort is being made
to for the taking of her depo
sition in her rooms regarding the shoot
ing, in order that she may not be com
pelled to undergo the ordeal and no
toriety-of attending the Coroner's in
quest,-the time for. the holding of which
has not yet been decided. upon.
A far*.an game run by Bock Guy a*.
714 Dupoat street was held up and
robbed by seven men armed - with re
volvers -early last evening. The crime
was committed by members of the Chi
nese Educational Society, a blackmail
ing organization, and more than $700
in coin was secured. Opptain of De
tectives Martin v ; as immediately niti
fied by Corporal Dan S> Ive-ter of the
Chinatown scuad and the police set to
work at once to apprehend the rob
bers. An effort is. being- mad*; by the
robbers .o se'.tle the matter aid avo»d
arrest.
It was shortly after 7 o'clock wnen
the seven highbinders entered the club
Five of them passed Into the room
where tbe game was in operation and
two paused In t? e hallwav near the
outer door. At a Riven signai all dr*w
revolvers and commanded those present
to throw ud their hands. Ab^ut tw»ntj
men, including- the gamekeepers and
attendants, obeyed. Two of the m<»n
advanceJ and took $500, which was in
the possession of the ktaper Then $200
was taken from the playsrs and the
robbers took their departure.
The police were notified and visited
the place immediately. They arrested
several of the Chlne&e vho claimed to
have been spectators to me "affair for
violating the law in vlsit'nr a fant<u
frame and securd evidence to connect
members of the Chinese Educational
Society with the affair. This organisa
tion at once set to work tc "square''
the matter and it Is vnderstood that
an offer to return the stolen money wa*
made. ,
The police denounce the educational
people as a heathen organization that
has for membership some ot the most
de5perat» characters in the district.
These men have been invlved In many
of the serious affairs In Chinatown and
have given the officers much trouble la
blackmailing affairs within the last
two years.
PREFERS CHARGE
OF CONSPIRACY
CHEMIST AND FHOTOGIgAi'H
HE PRPDUCED- WITH RA
DIUM AS AGENT. Q e
Escapes Asphyxiation, by Gas.
John J. Ryan. propr«et~,r of a grocery
at 370) Twentieth street, was found in
an unconscious condition In a room at
41 Eddy 6treet vester'ay forenoon. The
cas Jet was turned on and the '¦ room
was filled with gas. Ryan was uncV°r
the influence of liquor and could give
no reason for his presence in the Kddy
street house. He was taken to the
Central Emergency Hcspital, and aflar
he had sufficiently recovered was re
xno\*ed to his own home."
Hangs Himself to Barter.
Despondency, occas'oned by 'llness,
induced David Jones, a plasterer, to
f>nd his existence yesterday by hanging
himself to a rafter. The trag-edy was
enacted In a small room off the
kitchen at 3107 Fillxnore street. Dd
reased had been an asthmatic for tev -
eral years, and was unable t <¦ find re
lief for his malady. _
Warrants Ar& Secured
Sor the Afrest . erf
* \ % Fpur Mgd.^ ®
Eloping Couple Arrested.
C B. Mennsen and Mrs. Airing Fre*?
ricks were arrested last nighr at 12S9
Pacific street and locked up in the City
Prison pending the arrival of an officer
from Fort Worth, Tex... from -which
place they eloped a few weeks ago. It
is said that Mennsen left a wife and
the woman a husband and two small
children in Texas.
Colonel H. M. Wallace, commander of
the Fifteenth Cavalry, is In receipt of
orders to proceed immediately to Wash
ington. Lieutenant Colonel Alexander
Rogers •will take command of the. regi
ment In the absence of _the commander.
r> % * • *
D£»/id Wagner, 68 Webster street, se-
cured a -warrant yesterday tur the. ar
rest of ., Theodore WedSil, Marion® Grif
fin, Ge«5rge P. Beck an% A. C- Blum on
£. tharge of conspiracy t<?defl|av»l h*m
out .of $1000 % «•
* Acjordlri»«j to Wagner's statement
Lucien Blurj* and^ Peter Verdon were
owners of^the hotel at 41 to 45 Stockton"
street anfi ha«?' executed a mortgage
for $1500 on the furniture in, the hotel,
valued at $4000, to Wedelhand th*>y ex
ecuted*a second mortgage for $1000 to
Wagner. "Wagner's mortgage became
due on August 8 and he alleges that on
October 8 Wedell came to him and said:
"Assign;£our. ; note and mortgage to me
snd I ¦•/III foreclose immediately and
pay you $1000 as soon as I get posses-
Bion." i ?**:
"Wagner gave Wedell an assignment
ajid aVower of attorney, but Wagner
al'&ges that instead of foreclosing
Wedell emplC'red. Griffin to sell the fur
niture In the hotel. Griffin effected a
sale to Beck, who, on October 10, paid
Wedell $1000 and executed a mortgage
in hla favor for $1500, also a mortgage
for $12f« to A. C. Blum, who Is alleged
to be a fictitious person.
On October 12 Wedell acknowledged
and recorded , full payment and satis
faction of Wagner's second mortgage
and of his own first mortgage given by
Blumb and l Verdon. This left Wagner
without a. note or. mortgage and noth
ing to show for his $1000. Wagner al
leges that of the $1000 cash , paid by
Beck to Wedell $400 was given to -Blum
and Verdon, and Griffin got substantial
fees for his share in the transaction.
. An article on California' in December
Four-Track News, a beautifully 'illus
trated and extremely . interesting, maga
zine. For sale at news dealers. . .
Will Discuss Latest Encyclical.
Rev. M. P. Smith, C. S. P.,' will preach
a course of sermons at .'the 11 "o'clock
mass of St. Mary's (Paullst)- Church
on the latest encyclical or Pope Plus X.
The subject of the , first sermon in the
course, to be r delivered to-morrow, will
be "Apostacy.".' ••
To cure a cold on the lung-s-and to prevent
pneumcnla take PIso'b Cure for Consumption. •
Kles Notice of Large Debt.
Notice that the. Spring, Valley Water
Company had passed a resolution de
claring its purpose to assume a bonded
Indebtedness of $28,000,000 -was filed with
the County Clerk yesterday. The filing
of the notice is required by: the law
governing corporations. ; :
BERKELEY.' K'ov. -£7.— l*ne first suc
cessful ' experiments . op the Pacific
w'/.h the newly-c»Is»oyer?d-ele
ments radium, as a means for tajfeing
,photc^aph'k. ha^e just v>ijen made tif
Dr. Ec.vin -.Booth, instructor in chem
istry at the University = of California.
Dr. Booth's ejtperiments were ca^i'led
on In a "dark r»om" at hlj home at. 1214
Hjxrlisrn" street, Oakland, the rajr» of
the radium, which ;>ould hardjy be. seen,
t ha\ing.shed the light that "exposed"
the photographic." plates and* pfotfXiced
p'/:tures of the si',J>Jects— SL«key',*a F«r;ls-
Bors and a Chinese coin. '
The>xperirae J ut.s f/e>e carried on by
rather simple mea«j. It'Uas only the
substitution of the rayp^f radium, for
the rays of tht! sun. No camera was
needed, as t>ie whole tscheme was exe
cnted In the "daik roovct/' Dr. .Bboth
first wiupped t'ae key aiid scissor?, ai'd
coir. In a .piece of the light-piax>f p^iper
f-bat lr used ro Ehield undeveloped pho
tographic plates from the light. This
little bundle he inclosed In two phot?-'
graphs plate box-s and placed it Xm a
iible in his "dark room." Ov-er^flais
bundle he suspended' the tube of ra
dium, containing -100 miHigramsr or
about tne amount that^co'uld be'put in'
the eild of a thlrsble. - About a half
lmh intervened between tube and
tb» top of. the box. so that the rays had
not only to carry thrcngh that 'dpice,
but also to pierce the tw^ 'covers of the
box and *he light-proof papeit * '
DEVELOPS THE PLATK .*
After Aiaking ti'ifs arrangement jyj
3ootb/ closed his "dark room" 'for
thi-ty-six hours. At the en?. «f.that
tirie he diireloped the plate, Just as 'any
ordinary photographic plate expOstil in
the sunlignt is developed, and.ihe re
sult was A distinct' reproduction^ of the
i.ey and scissors and coin. From this
plate several prints were made, whic>
Dr. Boot^ is showing to his friends,;
"I noticed one remarkable thjng while
making the«»e experiments," sale? Dr.
Booth to-day. "It is that after coming
or*, of drylight and &oin£ into the
'dark ;coom* with the radium the rays
canuot be seen'until after ten mlnutep.
This is because of the low activity of
the portion we possess. • The activity O f
radium runs from *0 to probably 1,800,
00"; and,, of rour,?e, its light Is propor
tionately: greater. Radium of 1,800,000
activity Is now said to be'wortV. $198,000
an ounce, so you can see. that we have
not been able to buy much at that rate.
M. Curie., the discoverer of radium,
says iris worth 3,000 times its weight in
pure gold, and he ought to know.
thing I noticed Is that the
»trange substance can be seen better at
night than in the day time. I believe
that Is because the eye is full of light
in the day ..time and therefore not so
acute when it su'ddenly becomes dark.
In the night, however, the eyes have
become' 'accustomed to the darkness
and their penetration is greater.
POWEB. OP ELEMENT.
"In regard to radium ; photographs, a
friend of mine told me recently, that a
number of plates, he had in the drawer
of his desk were so fogged , that- he
could not use them in his camera. He
afterward discovered that some radium
he had had acted upon them. The ra
dium was in the top drawer of the desk
and the ¦ plates in the bottom drawer,
showing that the rays had penetrated
through three or four pieces . of ' wood
and the paper coverings of the plates."
The radium Dr. Booth used in these
experiments was imported . from Ger
many, though a great deali of it is pur
chased In. France.- It is Enclosed in a
little glass tube that is sealed af both
ends. It is really a white powder,. but
gives the vessel containing it a violet
tint, this tint being permanent unless
the glass is heated red hot. This col
oring of the'glass.is an instance of the
importance of radium to the arts. v as It
may be used to modify 'the cojors of
glass and -crystals, > and possibly, of
gems. It has already been established
that radium is an agent for distinguish
ing real from imitation diamonds, since
it causes the real stones to sparkle
brightly/when brought near, them in a
darkened room and has hardly any* ef
fect whatever on the false stones. - -
The recent experiments of' M. Curie,
10.000 cens of W. G. M. Beans, with
Chili fiaucp, sold in 10 days. ; •
the discoverer, show that -radium ¦ is
deadly in its effects, having killed a
number of mice ever which it was sus
pended. A kilogram of the'substance
would be , sufficient to , the en
tire population of San. Francisco.
Garnett's -visitors |t. the prison fcxst
evening were Harry . W. Bradley, Mrs.
Coit's^legal a*»/iser, and Har
ry Crewvell, one® of her lifelong and
most intimate friends. e Th^ lawyers
first held a long conference in a down-
BECBIVES HOPEFTJL NEWS.
repeated failiire to Twelve t? response
drably worriea hrtm. letters will
be produced in evidence if necessary
to lend supp«r/t to the claim that Gar
nett's mind was* afflicted w?th trouble
and his conduct ang conversations with
acquaintances of®Mr®. Colt durlng^thls
time will also iic related to develop the
of th'eman's mei*lal depression.
© 'J^mporao* insanlty 5 svill bfcone of^th'e
excuses offered by Mrs. # Colt's frie*nds
for Garnett's rash deed. Evidence will
be introduced to show that he brooded
constantly over his dismissal'from Mrs.
Coit's§ipartmentc! and friends will tes
tif? to the fa«?c©lhat hV«:alled on them
frequently between the time she or
dered him' fipm her-^ooms and the
a^errioon of the ? shooting of McClung
and talked seriously pf the^Tianner in
which he had been tr^2ted by l«s bene
factress. •
One ©of his^ friends for him
# letter to ,^Irs. Go'4 , faro days af ter a
she quarreled with him) in^ which he
apologized to her for h',j» conduct. The
friend then Advised Garnett to bide his
tinje for forgiveness. • instead, how
ever, fearnett persisted in.^sSnding let
ters to l&rs. Coit nea.i*iy every day up
to ®he time he snot lScClungr. and the
PREPARING A DEFENSE.
'1'haf a stron& influence is at work
to eave Garnett from State's prison, if
not from the. gallows, is evidenced in
every move made in0connection with
the legal j end@of the affaig in which he
is involved. The apparent indifference
of the Police Department ar e i the collet
movements ®of Mrs. Cost's ] intimate
friends©ln his. behalf plainly® indicate
that V?o determine^ ©ffort be made
to convict Garnett of e the charge of
murder. • <n
-Alexander Garnett 5 was formally
charged yesterday by_ the police at the
City Prison, with the murder of Major
J. W. McClung, whom he shot down
in. the apartmeiits of Mrs."Hitchcock-
Coit at the Balace Hotel last Wednes
day afternoon.
After being booked? Garnett returned
to his cell looking deeply depressed in
spirit and he remained in this condi
tion until l£st evening, when friends
of. the woman, whom* he is accused of
having theratened to kill, brought to
him a message* that seemed to, give
him renewed" hope, tor he at once as
sumed a more buoyafit air, and with
demeanor that was® Befitting any one
but a man -"whose, conscience^ is bur
dened|wlth the thought • of an awful
crime, he bade his visitors good-night
and again. fought the seclifeion of his
iron-bound quarter^ :
Strong Influences Are Now
at Work in Behalf of ;¦-"'. ;
the Prisoner.
Desperate Deed Committsd
in a Dupont - Street
Gambling Joint.
Seven Chinese With
Drawn Revolvers
Secure $700. i
Major McGlung's Slay er
Is Finally Booked
Dr. Edwin Booth Makes First Successful
; Photographs on Pacific Coast With
Newly Discovered Element as Agent
ARMED MEN ROB
A FANTAN GAME
GARNETT FACES
MURDER CHARGE
CHEMIST DELVES INTO
MYSTERIES OF RADIUM
THE SAN FBANCISCO;CALI, V SATURDAY. NOTEMBER 28, 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.,
ECONOMICAL!;
[HOUSEKEEPERS:;
> u s e -';
WalterBakersI
; Cocoa and Chocolate;!
Because they yield THE'!
MOST and BEST FOR>
|t h e. m o jn e y|;
, TMM4UMC I
; The Rnest Cocoa in the World;
! Costs less than One Cent a Cup ! ;
I Oar Choice &*dp« Soek, (exit free, yrVl ten y tm { I
how to make Fudge ud • pctt »«j-terf of diiatj ' i
' CUhtt from our Coeos and Chocolate. '
I Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.;!
DORCHESTER. MASS. (|
! Aft HIGHEST AWARDS III !>
, HU EUROPE AND AMERICA j>
CUTLERY
HALE'S. t j C JFTALE'S. 1 HALE>3 '
"Hurrah for Hale's] Santa Glaus Rests Now"
• | ¦ tt ¦ v ! • — n "~-"rr! — -,>• i_x — I It's Hale's now. Sa?.ta"has given us his toys (or at least most oi
Hfl fi'Q ilTIPTI Tn-NifTnt thcm ' t>y.t»?e lo° ks °. f tJ ? e display). . O
:'.UQ1U U UpOU 111 luglll Master J, Fulton Irwin saw this point, and this is the way heJiK
And Every Bat. Night Tin chrutmaa. li^trates it. : We will illustrate it in the store to-day. Nearly all the third
ruitrt~^~> d « 4. floor is given over to toys— spread out in such a spacious way as to make
Children S Beaver flats i; you fee l you are in Fairyland.
Reds, oxfords, browns, blues and LOyS jj ££jFgg3 a. J Ufrtll&a
t ?'¦ i. * • \, ii To Nate To-Day. >' U^i\LJ/l E>
. In two shapes-flat nm and roll- Dolls . t t ee . i5c. >^% <X^ i TT i 1
ing nm. Dolls' decorateci toilet, set, --gPV-^^r* — £- . a *t f r~Z ** ~
Of course they are yntrimmed, 5 pieces. 25c. *•" •; *- <«»— < Os, \A^ojL<t*i ¦ rr'a
? but we'll overcome that 0 by offer- D< JJf c J6c. a tea +E^^O\ttff
ing to ;' Dolls' laurdfy_set, consist- - _a- "flu *J&
TVitnChilrliviri'cHfit cPppp ln £ ot table.' tin -"""i * 1 »T_ TV : '¦„^r*\$*wcy %r^L
i rim^niiaren snatsrree > tut., washboard, wringer. )ar\ >SC l%k**Zr>Jy
-To-day— that is, if you get your rack aid clothes basket. I ( /x >^^*^r^n, j'^vV
trimmings of us. ] ~ Th^B^t § 10x19. r J^^^M tX<B\--
% ~. * .'" *~^ ' »>. Ti5, stoVes, with' ovens. >g ffl UfPrnl
. Stockings To=Day. ple "* wlth utensils -; J^riTfsiilli \W :^V^^^~
HALE'S THE PLACE. OJ W^ i
And.tkis is why.* ™Sft'l^gF££l£& j*Wm^ f >^ /^ 2^i
Ckildre f S i Cas,rnereHose2 5 c. A **.'Jt^*~+—~*~
« Women's Wool Hose 25c. „ - '"' . . •
y Wome^s Fleece-lined Hose 20c. '^ p^rf. — Af 7Sc Feather Boa?
They're as positive values ;gs we O\JC KenUITie HX Fashion loves them,
have had in some, time, not that Kirjk's full ounce b-ttHs. The Af.J so do women,
the. prices are so different. It's the perfume is fine and strong, such as The favorite styles are at Hale's
Quality that tells. Any one can say sells regula'ny at S?c, andwhich *e just no and t h e assortment is at
25c stockings, but it isn t every one ? ar e able, to put out to-day at half | t best j^ ot a boa that isn't of
that sells such stockings as these th.V. ?5c. -J 0- . thefbest selected ostrich fibers.
fors«25c. ir . * - Bradiey'a violet Prrfum*. la Sio.oo ones are extra long (50
Mn A H l nZfn?* P ri? W0men>S25C H ° Se P^n^Veuf b^eu.^r -tTie.. niches). Black and gray.
<sto-day /or $1.25. 25c , , o $12.50,. $15.00 and the $17.50 ones
Fine quality of the best maco yarn, with Perfume?, .n bulk, 25c »n oujca. Bom«- _* . j lone" S2O on ntiM ar«»
fun fashioned feet, double heeis. soles ;hin* ex£-a. -, are 154 yaras long, »2o.cxj ones are
and toes and every size. S to 10; boxed In T , riT , w«**1« J r.( Vi'nWt^ Rlank I^i yards. And the $25.00 Ones are
half-dozen pairs. *i.25. . ., « Large botJlesorViolette Blank ,^ J yards Iong . And besides the
J? Infants' Stockings 8 I-3C. ">"!f,i „*;,« w^ in nink and 3>Iack ones \here are some hand-
0 Those fine ribbed. f»t black cotton ?,Jf Sffi puff b ° XCS m pmk * * some shaded effects— white and
ones without seams. Sizes 5 jyid 6%? u * lc » a"c. pink, tan and brown, tan and white
Boys' and Girls' Stockings 15c. j T. n^ lcat e3Mirrors. and blue and white.
Wide or narrow ribbed 'ones; heavy $X.7£»to $5-OO. • m - r»*U.l««.^.^. Wo». + a/4 IVT^.-..
and without seams; longer than com- Many Sif/les, many sizes, all in KlDDOnS Waill.ea I>lO\v.
rnon^nd heavier. A dozen of them for sVWQ den frames, mostly ebony, with Here's a new one shown for the
French glasses. first time to-day; 45i-inch width,
: M£n BUV at Hale's '' ~ '-¦— Of a plain satin gros grain,
I ®. ® • • ScariS and Shams. the very ribbon one will want for
' Or vgur wives buy for you.. , timp finr ¦ O Christmas fancy work; red, green
.t * ® . •: J . . .., - 1 ni? > time OOC. an( j blue, and only 19c yard.
% Is- it neckwear? g It's another handsorr- lot Gbf 30c Satin Taffeta Ribbon20C.
9 A dress shirt? -, ? guipure shams and scarfs; the dc- ° . .
% A ®pair of suspenders? * signs are .the very latest, covered A four-inch one m white, light
• Maybe a house coat or handker- witlv^sps^htel threads. They're well blue, pink, black, etc.
®;hiefs or underwear? made and stand washing. Such ., n ftnrn - n Ci-ic**c 1 fit*
But of particular interest to-day: patterns" usually sell at-$i.oo and •> fupcoril vnsps 1UC.
s Flannelette Nio-ht Shirts HOC I - 1 S- They all go at one price You know them. You know how
•? o , ?m V i\ & ,« , 5 . to-day, 60--... They're pretty for a appetizing they are and that you
ttS^S^i^^ZtFJSSr^ gift and way less than the factory usually only get two roll, for 10c.
biu* stripes. » price. We will give three to-day. An-
. ¦ 2©c Suspenders at 10c. 6 • ' ZZIT" ° thcr Candy tcmptatio f *
Very well made from a cood elas- -^r " .--— jr /P^T fEBf IOC CakeS Milk Chocolate
tic wfbblr.z, braided lin'n cnd3 and _„__ M&f Ajf.
I2// 2 C ' ' • - > -^MU|k- k « k '2._, J _ J _^ I . - ?-**nH£ri more so than the or-
57) These F-ench lisle, doubly ijpeU '^^^ fc *f^«S£> GQO&&>^ . ' dinary chr)colates
ami toes. Blacks and tans; all sizes. — - ujuchj. v.. . *.v,ii. C s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Antfelus- *
Piano Player
Steinway Hall
The Aneelus Department of Sher-
man. Clay & Co. will elve & recital
to-day at 3 o'clock In Steinway Hall.
Mr. Percival K. Van Torx will pre-
side at the piano with the aid of the
ANGELUSl
The soloist of the occasion will be
MR. JOE ROSBOROUGH
Barytone.
The programme Is an unusually
stronsc one. and the musical people
of San Francisco should take ad-
vantage of It. These recitals are
free to alt and complimentary tickets
may be had at the store any time
before the hour. Following Is th«
programme: *
Part I— 1. Moonlight Sonata, Op.
27 (Beethoven). 2. Scheno — Valse.
Op. IOC (Godard). 3. Song, "I'll
Sing the Song of Araby" (Clay). Mr.
Joe Rosborough (accompanied upon
the piano by Mr. Van Torx with th«
aid of the Angelus). 4. Etudo d»
Concert. No. 1 (De Schlozer). Part
II — 5. Selection, '"Three Little
Maids" (Rubens), comic opera now
playing in the East. 6. Ballade, r
minor (Chopin). 7. Song. "Bedouin
Love Song" (Pinsuti), Mr. Joe Ro»- i
borough (accompanied upon the piano -^k
by Mr. Van Torx with the aid of ' i-
the Angelus). S. Rhapsodle Uon-
groise. No. 12 (Liszt).
Sherman f Clay&Co
Kearny & Sutter Sts. S.F.
jSbBA firrSftl Si
"Kins of oO Bottled Beers.",.
; Brewed from Bohemian Kop%
SOLO eVEBYWMeSE.
HILBEKT MERCAMTILE CO..
Pacific Coaat Agenta.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and DvsDepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNLEB. CO.; San Fraaciac*
® © © ¦* ~
MARKS 3210S.
Good News About" ...
1 WOMEN'S
WALKING SKIRTS
7 Styles!
7 Prices!
7 Values!
To Gladden Your Heart
Walking Skirts Are Being
Worn More Than Ever.
To Dress Correctly You
Must Have One.
To-Day's Prices Give You
the Chance.
$3.50 Walking Skirts; special QO XJZ
io-dny at.. ...... ..\ . . .w/.*O
$4.00 Walking Skirts; special rto ntr
to-day at.. ..O^'ifO
$4. 75 Walking Skirts; special rt o /r n
$5.00 Walking Skirts; special <* o ntr
to-day, at. ........ ... . ...
$5.50 Walking Skirts; special rt /. ntr
i to-day at.. ...VT.ZJ
$5. 75 Walking Skirts; special if x, A /T
to-day at.:.; ........... .V't-'tO
$7.00 Walking Skirts; special QA ntr
to-day at ............... . '?*•«* ?
These Handsome Tailor-Made WALK-
ING SKIRTS are made up in light and
dark gray Cheviots and a number of rich
patterns in mannish mixtures.
: Full length Tailor-Stitched * Straps
give a smart touch to some, while others
are equally pleasing, ornamented with
Stitched Bands Over Hips and small Silk
or Velvet Buttons.
They all have > the Ne w. Easy, Com-
fortable but Close-Fitting Effect Over
Hips, widening gradually into the Fash-
ionable Flared . Bottom, \where many
rows of tailor, stitching give the finishing
touch of pleasing up-to-dateness.
No Charge for Alterations.
Green Trading Stamps Given.
MARK^BROSi
1220-22-24 Market Street,
• v Bet. Taylor and Jones.' >
The Home of Good Ready-to-
Wear Garments for Women
and Children. '"'
' Open To-Nighi. Until 10 O'clock.