Jk MILLIONS "of acres of timber lands situated in]the coast States are involved in a gigantic
tJjJi deal which, it is reported, is '. being engineered by a syndicate which includes E. H. Harri-
and James J. Hill, the, railroad magnates, and Frederick Weyerhaeuser and T. B.
Walker, lumber • kings. 'The design' of this syndicate, iV is asserted, is to control the entire lumber
outptU^of the West. Harriman is said to be mosVactive in promoting the scheme. and is represented
itere b'y.E. W. Eberlin of New York, who is at the Palace Hotel. v>y
PLANNING MIGHTY TIMBER
COMBINE ON PACIFIC COAST
Continued 'on : Page .: 2;' Column . 5:
VICTORIA. B.C.. July 24:^-Mall .'advice's
were received V by ; the steamer Tremont,
'^which arrived ¦ to-day from- the Orient,
that"'; 200 rioters attacked the Empress
Dowager's summer palace near Peking
on 'July 7. and • a body of troops w«» dis
'pa tched ; to , the ;. scene - by . Viceroy Yuan
! Shih Kal. The rioters 'fled on the arrival
*cf the troopj '"' '¦ . * .
RIOTERS. MAKE /ATTACK
ON AN EMPRESS* PALACE
LONDON. July £3.— A Vienna dispatch
just' received _ says that Prince Ferdinand
passed through Budapest at 10 o'clock this'
morning, seeing nobody, and proceeded
immediately to Ebenthal. In the Austrian
Alps, where his mother lives, taking with
him a numerous suite. -It Is said in some
quarters- . that Prince Ferdinand warned
the .Austrian and Russian Governments
thr.t he would not return unless* the powera
granted the application -of Macedonian
reforms, but this statement is not- con*
firmed. . ,'¦ '¦ .-.-¦¦
;: BELGRADE, ; July 24— Priace Ferdi
nand, accompanied by his children, passed
through this cjty on" his way to, yienna.
t BERLIN,' 1 July '. 24.— Notwithstanding the
semi-official denial' that Prince' Ferdi
nand's departure from Servia amounts to
a flight, the Voslche Zeitung/ which gets
well - authenticated ¦ private ~< information
from Bulgaria, says it believes that the
rumors of the ' Prince's flight have some
basis nnd regards It as probable ' that ha
has left the country until the existing ex
citement has subsided. It prints * to-day a
special dispatch from Sofia, saying it is
openly asserted there that an * attempt
against Prince Ferdinand's -throne is not
Impossible, Servians example haying had a
profound Influence on the Prince's
enemies.- '.
, HOUSTON, Tex.. July- 24.— This has
been a day of Intense excitement" at; Sour
Lake. \,Ttie business center \ was; at
day treated to a shower-bath of . oil.
night ' Wall : street . is running , in oil, the
plank walks are submerged and . not j a
gleam, of -artificial light has been • per
mitted.In. the business center lest' the all
pervading gas fumes generating frpm the
lakes. of ; oil should become ignited. Such
a catastrophe would mean the destruction
of, this; town of 9000 population and ¦ per
haps'of a large per. cent of the'fleld..
.. Not in v the history of this , field has such
a 1 gusher come in.. 'it is located on the
Kelster-Geudry tract.' in the center of , the
business section, and Just off Wall street.
For a month the well has been under way.
Last- night oil sarid was touched, and ope
rations i were '• suspended until this morn
ing, " whenballlng was commenced. A fair
ly s good well was. anticipated, .' but . there
were ". no indications of a . tremendous
gusher. : : There was a mighty, deafening
roar, 'and mud. water and. oil shot; eighty
feet- over ¦ thq derrick from - the ' six-Inch
pipe, ; The workmen ran for . their lives;
and'a'btampede followed on Wall street;
which was thronged. . A 'stiff wind from
the .west > aided to turn the ' whole down
pours into '. the street. ." Bankers, oil men
and * sightseers had . no /time • to escape.
They i were L drenched * from ; head ' to . foot
.Withln'f thirty - minutes;' three i squares' of
the section iwere ¦¦>'. completely" bathed - in
the Vgreasy^ fluid. r The* board" walks; In
places ¦ and ! to ; cross ; the .,. street
meant ¦ to ¦_, ¦ wade .¦ In \ oil « knee ; . deep. , { It
raised sufflciehtly. to. flood 'the first floors
of : majiy3 business houses. -The roar of es- (
caping gas. was, tremendous. c-The'drillers
!work"ed : through * the 'i. deluge /and \ within
three.j h'ours r had' the well '•' shut off • and
'capped. "' ';
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
BULGARIA'S
RULER FLEES
TO VIENNA
TEXAS TOWN
GIVEN SHOWER
BATH OF OIL
T. 7 B.\ Walkef 4 >had 'also '}, been ; busy - :in
Northern* California' and Southern Ore
gon", where? tie';: has ; by,* now, invested «. In
excess of ,'a 4 million ' dollars. ¦¦ : Blodget t' had
HOLD ; FOB •• BETTER ; PRICES.
The scheme Is said to have originated in
the mlndof a closefrierid bf Harriman's
more than threeyears ago and. received
prompt consideration' from j the ma'gnate,
who was not slow-ln studying the feasi
bility of the undertaking. At once he
started h^s agents' westward , to work out
the . plan, which has thus , far progressed
successfully. . Weyerhaeuser at , once fell
In with the" project and proved a valuable
assistant -to -Harriman,; securing the co
operation /of ; HH1 ; and finally that of
Walker.'! '*'¦¦.. ¦• ..." ••¦
.!lT, was about this/time that the last,ves
tige of I the i' once j great \ timber belts of
Michigan, ; Wisconsin • and Minnesota .was
rapidly disappearing -before the axes J of
the j lumbermen. :¦ ; and ..they were ; already
looking to\the far West< for, another great
supply. -The'; Weyerhaeusers— father .' and
son— had alrea'dy^begunfmaklng purchases'
of timber land In. Washington,' where they
have ; now? established v mills.* Under i. the
corporation; name -7of : the
Timber * Company I of ;/ Tacoma \ they; have
acquired, more* thanfeight; million r acres, of
land.'C- ¦ V ¦ : 't- ¦ ¦ "'•: '«V^'*
to be one of the latest ambitions
of J E. H." Harriman. head of the railroad
syndicate. According to 'the. best of in
formation, the railroad .magnate, ' work
ing in harmony with several ¦millionaires,
has set,: his .'project In motion and is
rapidly gathering under his control, the
major portion of. the largest timber tracts
in California, Oregon, \ Washington- and
Idaho. , , . . . . "
Assoclated^wlth'; Harriman _ In,> the big
undertaking are said , to", be James : J. Hill;
president x of -the Northern ; Pacific, 'who
usually fights Harriman on everyJpossible
excuse; ¦ Frederick 3 • Weyerhaeuser - : of
Minneapolis, who ' is . familiarly' known as
the Rockefeller' offthe timber world and
who Is also closely, allied with Hlllln the
northern ;,"; railroad .: enterprises; jjj T. "\ B. 1
Walker of Minneapolis,' also an [ old; busi-]
ness associate j of Hill; 'Jacob Blodgett, a
wealthy timber '; man ' of j Grand f Rapids,
and a number | of other. , rich . men of in
fluence in the various timber sections oj
wig'ste/riv. States. ; : .l';.^-l,V\ ¦'-.'-[,' ¦
HABRIMAN'S AGENTS AT TyOBK.
A GIGANTIC combine, . having ".in
view a- monopoly of the vast tim
ber. Interests of the West, is said
PROMINENT RAILROAD MEN AND TIMBER LAND MAGNATES WHO
ARE REPORTED TO BE MEMBERS OF. A SYNDICATE THAT PLANS
TO CONTROL ENTIRE LUMBER OUTPUT. OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
~ -.•¦ ; \u -i ,. i . •.. -. - , .
MINING MAN AND EX-SOLDIER WHO WAS , FOUND rDEAD- AT
BERKELEY AND PORTRAIT OF • HIS DAUGHTER, TOGETHER
WITH ONE OF. HIS DECORATIONS. * .,>•.:«¦¦
ENGINEERS
SAVE TRAINS
FROM WRECK
KING GOES
SLUMMING
IN DUBLIN
THE mystery surrounding the death
of Captain Thomas Howard, whose
bullet-riddled body, found just, a
week ago behind a barn in West
Berkeley, ha«= assumed proportions of as
tounding magnitude. From Dawson City
to New York there stretches a' web of evi
dence fraught with significance.
During the last year Captain Howard
was the victim of a gigantic fraud, upon
the successful consummation of which
would have depended the loss of prop
<ity of almost unlimited value. Over his
own clgmnture he had confessed himself
wary cf one of the conspirators against
him who had once killed a man and would
not hesitate to shoot him. During his
entire stay in Ban Francisco he would
not so out on the Etreets after ¦ dark
unaccompanied.
-On Saturday last he was found lying
beside Brennan's barn in West Berkeley
with two bullet holes through his head
end a frightful fracture of the skull.
From the papers of the dead man. now
In the hands of the Coroner at Berkeley,
there Is gleaned a story which may throw
a Btrong llgrht upon the tragedy which
was enacted in the dark hours of the
night behind the 'lonely barn in West
Berkeley. They chow the stake for
which Captain Howard was lighting and
Incidentally how his death might facili
tate the plans of those who were seek
ing to lay their hands on the prize.
BICH CLAIMS THE PRIZE.
Captain Howard was the possessor of
1600 acres of mining property situated on
IndlanTUver, in the heart of the richest
gold fields of the Klondike district. This
had been awarded to him by the Govern
ment of British Columbia as a reward of
meritorious services rendered in the Red
River rebellion of 1SC3. It Is about this
that there is hinged the drama which had
it* climax behind Brennan's barn In West
Berkeley.
By the dead man's papers, now in
the hands of the authorities, it Is shown
that in December, 1S01. he was in New
York endeavoring to form a company to
work his concession on the Indian River.
his attorney. George P. Clay,
whose office Is at 133 Broadway, he be
came introduced to a speculator by the
name of Daniel F. Coholan of 271 Broad
way.
Coholan became Interested In Captain
Howard's scheme, and, organizing a com
pany from among a group of " wealthy
financiers, prepared to consider,. Captain
Howard's offer. In a- copy of a letter ad
fircssed to Cobolan it appears that How
trd asked that a necessary working cap
tal be secured and that he be paid $50.
•00 as soon as the corporation was
'ormed. >
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MERCED, July 24.— An ' extraordinary
but futile attempt at train wrecking was
made to-day on the Southern Paciflc.Rall-;
read, about twenty miles north of Merced
dnd near Delphi Station. - : ••' .' I ¦' - -. ; :
The southbound train, a freight, found
about fifty fishplates across 'the rails. The
train was running slowly ahd^the obstruc-'
tion was discovered by the engineer. The
train following encountered ;\ fourteen
plates across the rails, which were, seen
in time to prevent accident. ' .. "¦
Information was given to the, Sheriff
and at 5:50 o'clock a special train,. carry-
Ing Sheriff Swan and Under Sheriff Moore
and a posse of twelve arrhed citizen's; left
Merced for the scene.
A few miles this side of where, the 'ob-,
structions were placed two detachments
were stationed with instructions to arrest
anybody seen along the track. .The train
proceeded . slowly and obstructions ' were 1
again found. Two hobos were, taken . in
charge who said they - had seen boys', at
some distance who appeared to # be;doing
something on the track. The tramps w^U
be held as witnesses. . ; • . - :
' The footprints of barefoot boys and the
hoof murks of horses .were found/near
where the obstructions were placed., From,
the Information given by the hobos and
from other sources it is believed that' the*
deed . was committed by two ' brothers.'
aged about 10 and 14 years, r who were^
herding horses In the "vicinity and who'
live about a mile : and . a ¦ half, from /the;
place wTiere the obstructions were' placed. ;
Guards were .placed' on the \tracks.' 'byi
Roadmaster Bulger and the boys' 1 will be
arrested in the morning/ '- -- .^-'-1'
Special Cable, to" The' Call and New York
Herald..- Copyright. 1003, by the New York
. Herald Publishing Company.
; DUBLIN, July. 24.— King Edward's Dub
lin: slums : vislt % will long be remembered.
Refusing" to bV bound by the official pro
gramme he went from o^e . tenement to
another", talking' to the humble dwellers
and manifesting real interest in their wel
fare.. ' .', ','.'»
. As he". walked through the. streets, hat
in hand, , the , enthusiasm of the .'people
knew, no bounds. It had been arranged
that the King \ should visit two of the
corporation tenements, but this did not
satisfy him; and,; to the astonishment of
all. he pursued his investigations in a
thoroughgoing fashion. ' !" * )_ ¦-
.'AT noteworthy incident occurred as the
King. was leaving* St. Patrick's Cathedral.
An old woman, struggling through a
dense; crowd which had gathered at the
entrarico and • reaching forth her' right
hand," endeavored to get close to the King,
her' intention \ evidently being . to shake
hands. "Several 'officials were about', to
push heraway^when the King interposed,
saying: •"Ltave her alone, God i bless
her.."-,. ;;.-'; ' -;-'.- ;.*•¦•¦ '¦ f ' : . ¦ . •
¦With. a fervent: "God bless your Majes
ty." the old woman then Kaluted the King,
who shook her 'hand- warmly, v • ' /' \
- in. theVcoursV of \ his round; the"' King
called upon a !nian .who had been -. out
of '. work' eight j,'months and gave him • a
five-pound. note. LiAfter. visiting, one tene
ment house the. ( Klng walked quickly from
the ''Rtrcetj'lnto^ another t poorer *one and
.up'-aVnarrow., alley "leading ; to 'at court,
where -ho ' spent' several minutes'. -When
he reappeared" a"' crbwid of .'poor . people. In
fthe outside : . rushed , forward ' and
•cheered-, again- and • again.V-« g 1 - - '.
"When the 'Klnc '¦ stepped Into ; the room
If Successful They
Will Have Strong
¦Monopoly.
Days Before His End
He Voices Fear
of Jfssassins.
Papers of Deceased
Disclose Details
of Fraud:
Harriman and Hill
Said to Be^Behind
Big, Scheme.;
The ;'pdor folk .of; the neighborhood
crowded "along the \ path/ checring^coritln
uously. Children,; too— -little j bare-legged;
hatlees and unwashed children— who never
hoped to see a real live King pass by their
gutter : playground/' joined :* in •- the demon-'
stratio'n.V while; from ; ;wind6jvvs "and"; door
ways i. men uh(T women * shouted . a : chorus
of^VGood*lucW;t6 )r y8l 1 ' ' ":\'~"" '¦'.}'¦'¦''.
I can assure you tliat the talk of ' wfer be
tween Russia and Japan is an Invention. Japan
has not the least int«itl:n of taking th«.t course.
S^ proposes to wait h ml maintain Her attitude
of watchfulness. . Japda and America are act-
Ing' on the tame lines and it would be difficult
for any other power to -withstand the pressure
they and Great Britain could apply. . '
It is said that Japan intends, to do
nothing until October, when the final
evacuation of Manchuria must occur. The
failure of Russia to withdraw from Man
churia would ¦' be followed by a serious
movement on the part of Japan.
A dispatch to Reuter's Telegraph Com
pany from St.. Petersburg, dated July 20,
says:' ' . ¦'. .¦- , ¦'.¦_. -..' ¦•¦¦ ., . . \_ -
"The attitude; of Japan and the warlike
tone of the majority of the Japanese press
have' attracted much attention in official
circles here. It is declared by the best
informed people that there is no likeli
hood of war, certainly not upon Russia's
Initiative. It is said that Russia has
every motive/ for peace, . chiefly
for financial Treasons, with which v aro
wound up'a desire for extensive domestic
reforms, whichUhe government considers
# to be the most efficacious of dis
arming internal discontent and nipping
the revolutionary propaganda in- the bud.'
| "It is believed to: ; be Impossible, ; from
the Russian standpoint, for. Japan to em
hark in a contest with Russia single
handed, and it lisV not thought she' will
secure the . material support of Great
Britain or- the .United States. Neverthe
less, 'Russia is .taking every precaution
to strengthen her. military and naval
position In ttfe->,prleht, v believing this to
be ¦ the' surest ¦ means ' of discouragfng
Japanese aggression.', -•.'¦,., -,¦"-.
/ -"Ml Lessar's | Port. Arthur conference is
said , to have dealt .'^chiefly, •". with these
measures; though they 'are 'declared to be
entirely precautionary, war 'being .the
furthest thing from the wishes of ' the
Russian government.!' . '¦'¦¦.
occupied by, Joseph Healy he' found Healy
busily engaged "at' his 'occupation of. boot
making.. Healy giving ah
account of the visit.; said: *
/''I was partly going on! with a "pair of
boots when the; King came In,' but of
course he * didn't minih a working-man • at
his -.work. I ; said . .1 ."was very . much
obliged'; to his Majesty for ''visiting a poor
man's room." 'V- ";- ; >': ~
LONDON, July 24.— Japan has decided
to adopt the, policy of waiting and watch
ing Russia, advocated by Great Britain.
In the meantime she will urge China to
carry out the assurances given to J the
United States respecting Manchuria and
will endeavor to obtain the opening of ad
ditional ports. At the Japanese Legation
here the following statement was made:
Japan Will Not Invite Hostilities
. Before- October.
GJVES RUSSIA MORE; TIME.
By. command of .'the throne the Board
of Rites has. prepared a programme , for
a week's celebration of the Emperor's
birthday . ; beginning on August • 17. .
there." ; .' ". ' ••*_' ;;/;¦'-,.;. / ' '"-"¦.•_
The Chinese text ofii .tlie; -^commercial,
treaty with . the ;.Unite4 - sj ajtea, *_Jg^belpfir
revls'ed^;iVla^-hoi\e]^TOVstfe^eaiyT.wi}l'"
be -signed at an"-"t:arlydate;-a ! 1loVe which
is encouraged by Prince Ching, president
of the Board of Foreign Affairs.
PEKING, July 24.— Reports continue to
be received here that Russia is constant
ly increasing' the number, of her troops
in Manchuria, and that Russian soldiers
are passing through?' Newchwang, en
route to Port Arthur. Admiral Alexieff,
the ¦ Russian, commander,' is said to be
strengthening the garrisons at Dalny.arid
other places on the Llaotung peninsula
with the object, it Is believed, of having
his troops so disposed ihat theyVmay.be
speedily, mobolized in the event of the
destruction of th.e Manchurfan railway
along the northern border of ,Liaotung
peninsula by the Japanese, a hostile oper
ation which, it is admitted, the Japanese
are competent to perform at any time.
A. number, of English and Japanese 'offi
cers" have j gone to : . the - Korean I border to
learn if .the ". Russians ¦ are. fortifying
.. LONDON, July 25.— The Standard this
morning: prints a Tientsin dispatch which
says that ¦ the Newchwang • trains are
crowded with Russian troops going in the
direction j of Port Arthur; that ¦; these
trains are taking precedence over normal
traffic and that heavy t guns, and 'other
artillery, are beine sent, y ... *
"The Times' Peking correspondent says:
There tare Incessant shipments of coal
and food stuffs to Port Arthur and fever
ish drilling and gun practice on the Rus
sian side/ • . ¦ ¦ .¦¦**¦
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
English and Japanese Of
ficers Start.fbr' Border .
¦ of Korea. ' „.;¦
Constant ' Arrival . of
at
Russia, Increases
the Manchurian
Garrisons^ &
CAPTAIN THOMAS HOWARD of Victoria, B.C., whose body was found with two bullet-,
holes in the head and a fractured skull, behind a barn in West ¦ Berkeley last Saturday, was
the victim of a manifest fraud on the part- of New York speculators. For' a year he. had
fought to retain rich mining claims in Alaska, He Jiad expressed the fear, that Me would be shot by
an agent cf his defraudcrs. He dared not walk the. streets after, dark. . , • " '" '.'
WAR SIGNS
IN ORIENT
MULTIPLY
HOWARD'S DEATH REVEALS
CONSPIRACY OF ENEMIES
* S&N ; FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1903,
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 55.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.LA JUNTAr Colo.. July 24.— General Manager
Mudge of the,SantaFe Railroad has been un
successful in. settllmj.'th*, strike in the shops
**"• /'iiSMPi
. Fourth class.. postmaster appointed: Califor
nia— John- Warner, WarnenvllUv .Stanislaus
Cnuatv. \\cm MlrhoAl ifi^«^r. resicaML ¦
-'WASHINGTON. July J 24.— Postofflce estata
Ushed: Washington — Evans, Stevens Countv
Margaret Hutcliinson. postmaster.' . .
' Postmaster > commissioned: ' .Wa«hln«to'n_L
John E. Youngblood. Holly; j '.... . u . . ¦ V ¦ :
Of Interest to Pacific • Coast.
They Are Engaged,
And their invitations, when sent out will
be correctly engraved. The sire and tint
of stock will be the newest. The engrav
ing itself will be weir and reasonably
done by Sanborn.Vall & Co., 74r Market
street. - . •
The tffect of the Taylor 'failure upon
James R. Keene's personal affairs is pure
ly a matter of conjecture. According to
some reports .the 'veteran .operator is
heavily Involved, and according to others,
scarcely. at all.- There are many who be
lieve that the Taylor failure Is directly
due to the bad blood stirred up by the
firm and, Keene In the Southern Pacific
and Metropolitan suits. In fact, it has
frequently been". said. that the Harriman
and Whitney Interests would not.be sat
isfied with' anything less than the scalp
' Report sava that Taylor & Co. sold pri
vately to a large banking Interest, which
it. some time ago , antagonized, 40,000
chare* of Southern Pacific. - - ,
A great deal of interest was manifested
in Wall street as to the cause of the sus
pension . of T. J. j Taylor & Co., and to
what extent, if at all, James R. Keene
was Involved In It. The general belief in
the street was that Mr. Keene had. no
connection, but that he refused' to come
to the relief of his son-in-law. There was
no confirmation of this notion, but it is
based on the following etory:
Last summer Talbot J. Taylor was re
ported to have had a falling out with Ms
father-in-law, arising out of reported pur
chases of Southern Pacific by Taylor on
his own account,' Independently of the
pool which Keene was running in that
stock. According to the story, Keene
was angry when he . discovered the, fact.
With the break in the stock market last
October Southern Pacific declined severe
ly and It was . asserted In some quarters
that Taylor was among the losers. Stnce
that time Keene has not been much in
the office of T.J. Taylor & Co.. but this
probably was due to the fact that he was
ill at hl» hotel. - • , : ;
Foxhall l Keene, who is an International
sportsman, is a special partner' In the
sum. it is eald, of $250',o00. He is now
abroad. His father was at the tatter's
office to-day\ bat denied himself to all but
a few close friends.
It was the veritable "black Friday."
an- although the market rallied very de
cidedly at the close and the general sit
uation in the minds of some was much
improved, the great many persons haying
Interests in. the, street went home In any
thing but a- cheerful frame of mind.
It- was freely predicted that trouble
even more serious was Impending.' From
trustworthy sources It was learned that
three or more commission houses had
been "squeezed" almost to the bursting
point. ' ' • " '
Contracts made to-day hold out till
Monflay. which may- enable embarrassed
Individuate to get their second wind.
The best Indication is that the Insolvent
firms had comparatively few outstanding
commitments, and these, it *is believed,
were settled privately on the floor.
It Is paid that a prominent International
banking j bouse, with Important railroad
interests in Mexico, bought liberally to
day of. Mexican Central.
\-. - * ' '/ ••? -
went • up, there was . also dread of to
morrow.' '.•
• To thoee who were, in the "know" the
Stow, failure' caused Uttle surprise, but
the Taylor embarraesmfent was really un
expected. Much had been said of the
firm's' affair* in the last two years and In
Us operations In Southern Pacific. Metro
politan Street Railway and certain other
stocks still fresh in -the minds of those
who follow the market. The "street"
and many visitors understood the Tay
lor-Keene connections. Talbot J. Taylor
is J. R. Keene'B son-in-law. His" brother.
James B. Taylor, and Foxhall P. Keene.
son of James R. Keene, constituted the
firm. / ¦
Then. followed, a wild, scramble all over
the rooms. A thousand telephone bells
rans and almost -as many"' uniformed
m«E8enger *"- boys" seemed • to leap
ont on the floor- and scurry -. In
all directions. The excitement sub
sided only with the clang of' the' huge
gong which marked the rlofimg of- the
m*xktl- While many a eigh of relief
The floor was the scene of wild excite
ment'all day.' A' Up that flomething
would drop before the close of the mar
ket had KDne around.' The Burh'that fell
ax the official announcements were made
was broken only by the* Ill-suppressed
burr of brokers, who gathered '-"groups
and listened intently to the words of the
chairman, perched in his little white
marble balcony. • . .• - ¦ • • . .
bot J. Taylor & Co. and W. I*.
Ftow & Co. was the sequel to a period
of exciting selling of Etocks and wide
outside prices which has not been equal
ed before since the present movement to
liquidate set in. There is nothing In
either failure that can be traced to busi
ne« or industrial conditions outside the
Exchange, the case lyins close to a diag
nosis of speculative collapse. Both firms
have been largely concerned in specula
tive stock market pools formed for the
purpose of taking on a line of stock5.
Fustalning their price hj supporting or
der*, real cr manipulative, and reeking to
realize profits by telling out to outsiders
at a high price. Street operators have
suffered from Increasing difficulties with
the growth In the stringency of money.:
the fcolieitude of bankers over' loan* em
ployed In *uch projects and the jaded ap
petite of the public for securities.
The failure of Talbot J. Taylor & Co.
jylll Ja^vUabJy -be connected with the
great market operations of James R.
Keene; by/reason O f Keenes family con
rjecrtonF with and frequent employment
of the firm. .Keene'* operations'in stocks
ere too numerous to detail and much
mystery usually aitaches to them neccs-
Farily from their nature. But tb.e. mar
ket management of the United States
gteel etock* on behalf of the Bynd'lcAt<»
and the conduct., of ..a Southern • Pacific
pool are the operations * jflth which his
nanie are most nota"biy connected. The
accumulation, according to common be
lief, of 3W.O0O shares of Southern Pacific
and the lifting of it* price above 80 were
based upon the assumption that Southern
Pacific bonds were! to be issued f6r -that
ro»«l'» work of Improvement: and the net
.earnings applied to dividends. . TaJhot J.
Taylor & Co.. as representatives of the
pool, felt themselves. powerful enough to
challengp the Tnloh Pacific party's re
fusal to adopi this* policy and carry the
quarrel to: the courts. "The 'animosities
and retentorents engenflered by that
quarrel are supposed to have added to the
weight of the firm'* dimcultieg and to
have aided In bringing It down. t . . -.
The Stow failure was announced short
ly before 2 p. m. and that of Taylor &
Co. followed within less ihun ten min
utes. The Stock Exchange was crowded,
a* It had been all day. with brokers, many
of whom in recent month* had been more
conspicuous by their absence from the
board, but who were regular in their at
tendance this week because of tne gath
ering financial storm. The visitors* gal
lery of the Stock EXcbangf: held an 'ex
cited throng of strangers,/. : :
NEW YORK, July 24.— The an
nouncement on the Stock Ex
change late this afternoon of the
suspension of the firms of Tal-
No statement of -Taylor & Co.'s. assets
and liabilities has. beefi made, but from
the president of a leading bank, it is
learhed that the liabilities may' be well
on to $6,000,000. Estimates .of Stow &
Co.'s liabilities range from $1,250000- to
$2,000,000. . ¦-¦; . ! Oy- 7
To-day's failures on the exchange were
the first since May 5 last year. That day
three firms, all , of them Involved in the
Webb-Meyer syndicate, went under. Two
resumed business.; V *
The assignee is a prominent Tammany,
politician and is well known as a close
friend of Keene. v ¦ V.
Efforts to ascertain the amount of the
firm's indebtedness to- Mr. Kcene were
unsuccessful! *. • ¦ :t
The aBaipiment of the.flrm Is due to their
inability to liquidate the stocks' which':' the
hanks held for their account. ! All banks hav
ing loans with th«tn are well protected/ but in
ability to liquidate the ~ stocks ' so held has
caused the suspension, which It Is hoped' will
be temporary K the banks take the reasonable
view that by waiting gradual liquidation can
be effected without disturbance to the stock
market. The.largeit unsecured creditor of the
firm is Mr. James R. Keene. ¦
Talbot Taylor &. Co. havi» this da"y executed
a general assignment for the benefit of credit
ors to Philip J. Brttt and he has accepted the
assignment and ha.s taken charge Of /the prop
erty and assets of the firm. v ,- •
The balance was used, according to re
port, for the extension of the Monterey
road.
The . Mexican Central Securities Com
pany .Limited was founded in 1S99 to ac
quire the 4 per cent consols of the T»jx-
Ican Central Railroad, "and; to issue in
their place two classes of securities."
Several prominent Englishmen,' Includ
ing Lord Hollingdon and Lord Revelstoke,
were among the original trustees of the
securities company. ' t
The appended, statement was issued at
the office of Taylor &, Co. this evening:
,' In March, 1901, a syndicate, headed by
H. Clay 'Pierce ,of St. Louis, acquired a
majority of the stock, the amount : of
,whlch outstanding at the time was about
W8,000,000. In January, 1902. the company
issued $10,000,000 collateral trust five-year
4«4 per cent bonds, secured by $16,129,000
consolidated 4 per cents, held in the treas
ury, the proceeds of which were used for
the retirement of $6,000,000 worth of notes
issued In payment of the ;Monterey and
Mexican Railroad. *
of the Keenes And. Taylors ' because / at ...
these episodes. .. t . t '. ¦'.£. ,.. . j '".
The firm of \\..U Stow:«f Co/tW.-,^,.
Coolidge) was organized "in; 1899 arid; hps
been known almost- .ever since f as ; the
stock market representative's of the Mex
ican Central Railroad. The firm's -manipu
lation of Mexican Central securities was
frequently -a matter of general gossip.
Mr. Stow is well. known In club and social
circles and has had a handsome country
estate at Great Neck. He is a prominent
automobolist. His partner, Coolidge, is
very popular on the exchange and much
sympathy was expressed for him to-day.
Almost 76,000 shares of Mexican Central
wero dealt In to-day, the slock selling
down violently from 19 to 11 and closed
at 12*4, a net loss of 6*6 points. The first
Income- bonds declined more than 5 points.
During last year's bull movement Mexican
Central stocK sold as high as 31V6. "
.The Mexican Central Railroad Limited
of, Mexico was incorporated February 25.
1SS0, under the Massachusetts law and
holds a Mexican charter and subsidy. Its
main line Is from Mexico City to Juarez,
a distance of 1224 miles.
SENIOR- MEMBERS;;OF..SUSPENDED
FIRMS AND^.VE^ERAN " BROKER!
FOR WHOM ONE'WAS AGENT/;', j
While these men , were eagerly grabbing
up all Che available land in' this and other
coaBtVStateiV.Harrimaiivwas figuring on
the. future and /wondering what his lands
in the far :»West would finally net him.
During vWs'cohtemplatioffi of the profits
that his big railroad would some day de
rive, a friend took, the magnate Into his
confidence and unfolded a scheme where
lng the greater part of the timber output
of West mlght.be guaranteed to a
syndicate for time -Indefinite. , • ;
Harriman, after mature deliberation,
thought the scheme plausible and later,
after a conference with other of his busi
ness associates, It was pronounced feas
ible. Then Weyerhaeuser was taken into
the .camp of the Harriman people, and
through the lumber king, it is said, the
plans were finally put Into shape and con
siderably; broadened. .
The greater- portion of the land In the
West, .valuable for its timber growth; lies
either along the railroads leading to' or
down the coast or within an accessible
distance from the great railway systems
which, are controlled by the Harriman
and the Hill interests, and better still,
the major part of -this rich timber acre
age is already owned by the roads. It
was the shrewd foresight of the experi
enced Weyerhaeuser that suggested to
Harriman the advisability of taking Hill
intoi the scheme, for It ,was shown that
without him the contemplated monopoly
elry, pathetic entries in the diary of petty
expenditures and a host of despairing let
ters from his wife, tell the tale. of Cap
tain Howard's heroic fight against the
odds which opposed him. . . ' !
•On June 6 he. met J. J. Hassell of the
Hassell Auditing" Company and interested
him and J. B. Treanor, of 501 Montgomery,
street! In his rich concession. Of his deal
ings with Captain Howard sllassell said
yesterday: .-.-•.
: : *'I met Captain Howard on June 6 and
met his. Bcbemes with approbation. Wd
had several conferences and finally I told
¦.him that 'if he could" give us an expert's
opinion on the prbperty we would prob
ably, start a company. ¦ -
¦ "But he had a haunting fear of some
: people,' whose names he would not reveal,
who 'he said were trying to get his prop
erty away from- him. ¦ • ¦";
j "He was afraid to stay away ~from his
concession and wanted get . back as
.sdon as possible. I believe Mr. Treanor
-gave.hlm the money to get his ticket with
And about $176. besides.
» !'Hls fears perplexed me. On the night
of July 4 we were walking on the street
together and he told me that he never
went out at night without, company. -
"The last I saw of him was on Satur?
day,; a week before his body was found.
Then he said he was going to leave for
Victoria that night. He seemed always
In the best possible spirits and the rumor
that he committed suicide I think with
out 1 much foundation.'^'
The, Berkeley CorOner yesterday re
ceived the following telegram from J. M.
Langley, Chief of Police in Victoria,
which ' finally completes ! the Identification
of Captain Howard: \
' : 44 Party : found near barn answers de
scription of Captain Howard, , English
man. Further description -as .follows:
;Ivump ; right temple,; third finger .right
hand bent and stiff ; black mark on. one
finger near* nail; light, gray, mixed hair;
bald; about five feet ten Inches;
may have linen marks H3326, D112, HD112,
2316, 326, and steel-rule in pocket; seal and
crest of lion's head' with arrow in mouth.
If this : answers wire me at • once. . His
wife and daughter here." V
¦. j; B. '¦• Treanor and Rev. Edward - Gra
ham ' of ' 2419 Channlng way. viewed- the
body yesterday arid declared It- to be that
of Captain Howard without doubt.;*"
secured ; title to •. abdiit >' 109,000 acres In
Western Oregon. '".These" men— known for
years as the lumber i kings of the Middle
West— have' sought to. , perpetuate their
names' in the increasing -Industry- farther
t V* ho West/"; They \were shrewd, however,
to .feailie thatHhe time was not ripe for
beginning, operations on .their new lands,
because' the prlce.;'of;itlmber has bee/i
steadily 'advancing and',; the Government
statisticians) have.- been sending out figures
tha^t .Cully warrahtcd ' the, prediction that
the* ton; notch Ciri7: price?; had not been
reachedi ; vhi'V:''.\ '^ C« ! : ":¦¦ -.A -
Sell at what -prlce^ they may see fit. the
traffic resulting from the cutting ot the
timber will be assured their roads and
if the figures of the Government statisti
cians may be relied upon this monopoly
will extend. over a time Indefinite. Since
the Harriman folks began . working out
their plan . for a combine the prices of
California timber lands have been stead
ily advancing. The price of redwood land
alone has almost doubled, and the* de
mand has increased threefold. During
the last three years the demand for Cali
fornia flr in the East has Increased 50
per cent and the demand for sugar pine
has 'increased proportionately. It Is esti
mated by the Government - officials that
3,000,000,000 feet of timfver was cut In Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington last year,
and that the product still In sight: In the
three State's is over 600,000,000,000 feet.
whlch^ allowing , for" an | Increased . con
sumption every year, means that there
will be timber to cut in the States men
tioned for the next 1D0 years.
It: is upon these figures that Harriman
and his associates In the big deal are said
to be tnaXlng. their calculations for an
enormous revenue. ¦
.With the lands of the H'.ll and the Har
riman roads and those of Walker, Weyer
haeuser and others In Washington. Ore
gon, Idaho and California under control,
Harriman and his associates will be in a
position to dictate terms to nearly the en
tire world. •
According to the information that has
come to light Eberlin has been working
In a roundabout way toward securing op
tions on ¦ timber land held by: various.
Eastern people who purchased it since the
boom in California timber began about
three years ago. Among those whom
Eberlin' s agents are said to have I ap
proached with a view of securing options
on their holdings is A. L. Hopkins, a resi
dent of Pennsylvania, I who owns 40,000
acres of sugar pine near Klamath, one
of the most valuable tracts In the West;
Dave Whiting, formerly of Detroit, who
pwns 100,000 acres In Oregon: C. A. Smith
of Minneapolis, who has holdings in the
sugar pine district above Sacramento
and a large -strip of fir timber in the
southwestern part of Oregon; the Ham
mond . Lumber Company, owners of the
big tracts of redwood on the coast, and
the Stewarts, who purchased what la
known as the Scott & Van Arsdale In
terests in Northern Shasta County. Many
of these owners refused to listen to the
propositions of Eberllir's agents, but
others are said to have put a price on
their properties ahd they are now within
reach of the Haniman representatives.
'-With the. many minor holdings which
Harriman and his associates may count
on it is said that the plan is to merge
tfle more . valuable lands controlled by
the Hill roads and the Southern Pacific
into a trust., The Southern Pacific's prin
cipal holdings are represented In the
grant of ten miles on each side of its
road, lying between the southern boun
dary .line of Oregon and a point south of
Portland, and consist of about one mill
ion acres of flr and sugar pine. In Tils
plan to place these lands In a pool Har
riman does- so conditionally, with provis
ions for the protection of the company's
creditors, to whom all the lands of the
company are pledged In security for its
indebtedness.
would never be effected, as Hill would
at all times have a timber territory of
his own with, which to compete with and
the prices wouUpnot be assured for any
great length of time. Just what arrange
ment was entered into between Hurriman
and Hill no one here is able to say. but
the story Is that .Weyerhaeuser accom
plished the end desired and proceeded with
the big project. .
One of the first deals made by him is
said to, have been a transfer of six mil
lion acres of timber land In Washington
to, his .company by the Northern Pacific,
this .about three years ago. This land
lies between the Sound and the Columbia
Rivtr,'jind Is rich in fir. Later Weyer
haeuser.'added to his possessions between
two and three million acres' of timber in
Idaho, the majority* of which was pur
chased from the Hill companies.
Weyerhaeuser suggested that it was
time .for Harriman to begin negotiating
with 'other and smaller holders in the
West who had been buying up land, and
acting upon this suggestion the railroad
president is said to have sent his agent,
E. W.Eb«rlln, to the coast for that pur
.ppse. Eberlin arrived herd several months
ago and when in the city he has dwelt
at the, Palace. H.e has conducted \$0
business quietly, dealing with everybody
through a representative. In fact he ha^*
been so discreet that.no one at the Palace
has ever guessed that he Is an agent of
Harriman or any other great promoter.
He has denied himself to all callers and
has refused to make any statement to
press representatives who have attempted
to interview him.
, Continued -From Page 1, 'Column. 5.
plahnirigaiMigfity Timber Combine.
"From what you state and from the
conversation of- Mr. Taylor at- the house
of Mr. Lithgow., I am quite satisfied that
no such examination of your property
has been made by Mr. Taylor as would
entitle Mr. Coholan to exercise the power
of sale contained in your agreement Such
sal« can be 'restrained, rand > that, too,
without imparting Into the contest-, any
thing regarding the suspicions . you enter
tain; that the affair has>been ; from the
first conducted on behalf ; of Mr. ; Coho
lan » with the i direct object of doing : you
out»of your property. . ¦ ,
'.'The question noW.is. How are you. to
guard yourself against the exercise of the
power of sale. vesting In an Innocent pur
chaser of the property covered by -the
agreement? . ; '. — '••¦¦" •¦'¦'¦¦¦ -•,
"I would notify the, "Minister of the.In
terior and endeavor to stop ratification by.
him of any, sale,' made . under the power
until you had ' an oppArtunlty," of submit
ting to" him evidence of the treatment to
which you have been subjected.". / : .
Here the mute '•• testimony, to the strug
gle i which "was. going : on ': for the pofisea
slon 'of the rich , concession \ ceases. :, The
scene of the drama' as. displayed by the
letters, phlfta to San. Francisco.
Pawn' tickets' for yarlous articles of jew-
! HO WARD r GITS DESPERATE.:: |
?/Vh£ aist^aclVd 6wrier ol the/cdncesslon,
realizing 'that ha was the ,vic,tihi ;of dou
ble dealing, .Immediately forwarded; the
following telegram of July 29 to Clay: r .
"Do not alleged; report
which -is false in every particular and
the statftments in report are lies of Tay
lor's. .Notify Coholan that his notice is
premature as Taylor has not, as he ad
mits,* had time to examine property suffi
ciently." • . • .-
Meanwhile Captain Howard- had been
assured by E. H. Bennett, a mining ex
pert at Dawson, that the property was of
great value. He reported that the hy
draulic tests which he had made showetf
the highest average of $4 50 per cubic
yard.
It became evident that Coholan and his
associates meant to take advantage of
expert Taylor's adverse report to bring
suit for the property on the ground that
the owner, had misrepresented its value.
A letter from Clay dated July 30 warned
Captain Howard of this as follows: '
"Yesterday I called to eee Mr.. Coholan
pursuant to your request. He read me
telegrams and letters received from Tay
lor, and Jhey were to the effect that your
property Contained ' no conglomerate
whatever, that It was worthless, and that
the Ignorance which you displayed con
cerning your property was colossal. V
• "Coholan Is very much exercised over
the outcome of this matter and charges
you' with obtaining , money ; under false
pretenses. He' 6ven threatens to \ have
you indicted if you come back to New
York.
•fit seems to me that Taylor is not giv
ing you, the same information In regard to
his investigations as he is giving Coholan.
I understand Taylor is examining other
gold mining property iri.Yukon Territory
besides your own for Mr. Coholan and his
associates. I would, advise you -* by " all
means to ascertain exactly what he is do
ing there, as It' may have an important
bearing on your business." . '
. This letter awoke Captain Howard to a
sense of, his peril and in a reply, dated
August 23." he stated /that he had more
than' one danger to fear.' He wrote: ¦
"I : can't believe It possible that I have
been'. associated' with' such r a scoundrel.- I
"You. will Bee the' whole game in this; it
has been a put-up Job from the beglnnlng;
"I write this merely to'^hdw you what'a
jackass I have had with' me. Now^ihat 1
have found him out.' I won't spare him.
But he has already killed one man, and I
do not intend giving" him a chance" of
drawing his' gun on me.' . \
t "I. am worried, as you. can understand,
but won't be swindled put of a property
that Is ot immense value." ,",
HIS SUSPICIONS •SUPPORTED.
.That Captain Howard's opinion • of the
fraud being practiced on him was shared
by others is shown by the following letter
from F. Congdon, an 'attorney., of Daw
son:, ' '". ' -¦ '.. r --'' /:,'-¦ ¦'¦'.'¦ . '¦ f'Z ?-¦-'.' :'~
i SUSPICIONS AROUSED. .
.From the correspondence both in writ
ing and in cipher telegram which
passed between Ca^ta* Howard and his
attorney during, the next few months it
becomes evident that the former thought
himself the victim of a gigantic fraud,
the result "of which wduld be to rob him
bfr his concession. That his belief was
well founded . is attested by letters
from legal advisers. His first suspicions
found vent in a letter written to Attor
ney Clay in New York on July 26. It Is
in part as follows: -
. "I had been looking forwards . to . re
ceiving some word , from Coholan' when
Qn .the 23d I said to Taylor. 'As you know.
I hav# not sent word of Any kind, to Clay,
l/'thmk I must do so, as all this V delay
means' unnecessary delay.'. He at once
said to do so. I said: 'Well, then," you
must let me know the nature of yobr let
ters and telegrams to Mr. Coholan.' He
replied^ that he had not kept a .copy ot
the; letters. . . ••¦ ¦• ,'--•> ¦¦-•'.
V' r asked ; him to let.me see "his "instruc
tions from . Mr. Coholan, and* to -my >*ur
prlsei lie' said that hehad .only/ received
oral^ directions. When I find Taylor here
without instructions of any • kind . a^id
that-.it appears that he keeps- no .record
of. anything' he does I/am naturaUy very
anxious'." tv*. '* , *"•./:• '•¦•'''-
'¦ -Captain *^l6ward".s diary' showsvlhat
Taylor's rcoorts to him of the. property
on?,,Indian -River were reassuring.^ But
that the mining engineer was.sendlng re
ports of a: far; different nature to Coho ;
Ian, the XeW York manager, i became-ap
•patentrwlieit Attorney Clay 3entjthe..fol
lo^-ingf teleavam. of date af.-J, 01^2?
,to- CaptaiA^Howard: v r*ur-Z~A<ri~i > -
."Taylor reports no gold whatever ?.fin
Vcop*rty..; fetter send Immediate!-ex,
.planati6h.V.iv^ ¦,* \ *<y-^ T :,>¦• .¦""
•* On April -M.-1902. a i^tt^was sent, from
the. Department of theinterlor at Ottawa.
Caijpda, > to" , Barrister Chrysler . of that
'city-; stating ."that 'the -mining- -claim oh
lha Indian River" had been leased to Cap r
:-taJri 'Howard and that :no 'lease for the
.'property, liad^been ;Usued, to *any; other
p>rson.; The department also wrote, that
Hhe.< assignment" of nite'ctalm by Howard
to ; Coholan- .had been' approved . and -en
¦ tered on • the,' Fecords. . ¦ . ' .. . • ' .'^ '-' - -
•"Coliolan seems to. have "reached an
agroement^' with Captain Howard - on
¦March . i^,"fldO2," when a , compact | was en
tered-Into-whereby the"*New York' flnani
cier was f tojput up a certain sum as a
guarantee of good faith, and pay the exr
of- Captain Howard and. a mining
expert to the Klondike. Jf it. was demon,
strated' that', the property was not what
.its owner claimed it .to be Coholan was
;tohav^.the privllege."of a rigl^t of sale. V
The expert chosen was George L. Taylor
of 14 -West Twelfth street, New York.
With, him Captain Howard left for Daw
son, arriving th^re on June 24.
The correspondence" then • shows, thai
the're^was'a slight delay in carrying out
th"^; purchase of Howard's mining* claims.
'4cc6rding,t6 some of the letters ¦Cohplan
had. doubts that. Howards » % title. to the
"pf operty .was a clear j one i>nd ' it. Is sug
gested that Howard go -to Ottawa, "Caii
a<la; Vr aHd secure proof of his title to the
clnlm from ; the Canadian Mrnister^of.; the
lrifeYlo'r. '-','¦¦'" '-\- ¦ 5*v ' ';" 7\ '. ' . ¦ ' : '.'*.
"John H. 'ManKhani v of 49 Wall street,
New York | City," also appears to have
been interesledUn the purchase: of How
ards land. ¦'During. February, 1S02, Mang*
bam wrote letters to "Howard enying ha
would do all he: could to helpHbward
sell the claim- to Coholan. >'• .•' "... :
On February 21, }902, Coholan wrote to
Howard saying "that "his clients were
prepared to purchase the . claim on the
Indian River on the terms asksd,- provid
ing "that .an investigation : of . the claim
proved that it * was as valuable as rep
resented." ,' : •.'"' .¦'-.' . ¦¦.
Talbot J. Taylor & Co., Keene's Agents in Losing Fight
Against Harriman, and W. L. Stow & 0<£, Manipu
lators of Mexican Central Stocks, Suspend Business
TWO BIG FIRMS OF BROKERS
ARE FORCED TO THE WALL
Howard's Death
Reveals Plot of
Enemies
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
THE SAN CALL/ SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1903.
2
A Guaranteed ; Cure for. Files.
.-' ItchinK. Blind. 1 Blcedliis of Prolrudlni' Pile*.
Your <Jrug*i«t will refund y<iar money if PAZO
OINTMENT (alls to cur* jmu. ¦-. 60 oanta. •
READY FOR BUSINESS
- OPEN *TO=D>AY
' .' : r~-/;. . This morning we open our magnificent new
V;^; > - store;— the largest exclusive clothing estab-
:; lishment west of Chicago. Our beautiful
- „ daylight salesrooms contain the greatest
• - -¦'¦^-^ stock of entirely new clothing, of the finest
grades, ever shown in the West. We clothe
man, boy and child at wholesale prices,
>. * which means mbney in your pocket.
COME AND SEE US TO-DAY
You cannot afford to , postpone a visit to
the great money-laying clothing store.
- • -'¦ •¦-¦• ¦.:.''¦¦ ' \ ¦¦ •- • ¦ ¦ '."¦ 'A*' •''_¦¦ Q
¦¦¦•.-' ' " ¦ .- "¦'.¦'¦¦/ . - r * ¦ • '-."-'? "\ .
WnOLESALE ifll froM RETAlLiNG
E^^pQi^piy^Pli IAJ1 DIRECT TO YOU
5I6-5I8M4RKET.S'B^M0NIWY
AD V ElfcTT.H B M EiiT3.
Man's Comfort
These hot days depends not a littla
upon his linen, and this/ in turn,
upon the laundry he patronizes. If
you'll place your dependence upon
V. S.'s work "cool as a cucum-
ber" can be emblazoned on your linen
« and satisfaction on your countenance.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 kabxet stbeet,
Near PowslL
j — i
{Me
SOHEHIAft
"Kmg of oO Bottled B«cn.**
Brew«4 from Bohemian Hope
S01O eVMV WHERE- f
! j ™
" J0ROJRS \ ¦£ MB
CURES ALL EYE DISEASES. \ "> JjEP •
WflAJiED EYE3.BCAUS M UDa/%^^^,-^^
GRANULATION ETC »*^d^l/^ " "
California, sunlight, itronc winds and «1X*U
dust caust «y« troubl*. Llttls trouble* »n>w.
MurlM is a, favortt* tollst i^quUlt*. rtstorw •
fad«d eye to natural brillUacy. dOMO't saarV
soothes eye pain. '
- Th« laboratories of th« Murlne Ky* B«B*4y
Co.. Chlcaso. ar* th« Urge»t In th» world pro-
Uuclr.r an excluiiv* Mb* of «y« raraedltm.
Sold by Drulglsts and Opticians
Parker's" !
M^^^g Hair j
piPl Balsam
t Promotes the growth of the hatr *wtl ', '•
? gives it tits lustre and stDOnessof ycuth, ;!
S When tha hair la gray or CuSed It '
. | BR1NBS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. '•
S It prevSata Oandnff tod hair fantwy J
t and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. !
', ' ~ » . ¦ .•
C0X0BXH8A 15D XntlVAXT OlSCTIAMli,
A CURS Ut 48 U0U8% -DUBLIN, July 24.— The King and Queen
this afternoon visited Maynooth College,
attended by Chief Secretary for Ireland
Wyndham and his suite. They were re
ceived on their arrival by the Archbishop
of Dublin, twenty Bishops and other
ecclesiastics. In replying to an address
of welcome which was presented, the
King expressed his hearty thanks and
said: . -
I value highly your tni« appreciation of my
feelln? toward my Irish people, who have con
tributed *o much to the strength and honor of
my empire and who bring such admirable gifts
of mind and heart to the enrichment of .the na
tional life. It was with saddened feelings that
I listened to your reference to the venerable
Pontiff who- has just passed away. v leaving a
memory that will long be cherished far beyond
the- bounds of the ohurcb of which- he was the
exalted bead. I shall ever retain a pathetic
recollection of my Interview with him and the
kindly interest he showed in the welfare of my
Moala and mv amnlr*. >..~±trW--:i
English Sovereign Says Pope Leo's
Memory Is Cherished.
ROME. July 24.— Every effort Is being
made In the Vatican to prevent news of
a scandal leaking out. The ring of the
fisherman, which should have been found
on the hand of the Pope, has disappear
ed. It is not so much a question of its
material as of its extrinsic value, for the
ring of the fisherman is used to seal pa
pal bulls and is an outward sign of the
authority of the Pope.
When the Cardinal Caxnerlingo certifies
the death of the .Pope he receives the
ring of the fisherman from tho chamber
lain of his Holiness. It Is then destroyed
In the presence of all the Cardinals at
the first meeting of the Sacred College
held after the Pope's death. But when
Cardinal Oreglla, the present camerllngo,
had certified to the death of Leo XIII,
Monsignor Blslettl was a prey to the
deepest despair and had to admit that
the ring had disappeared. ( Cardinal Oreg
lia, who had, as is the custom, brought
his declaration of having received the
ring from the papal chamberlain, all
written out, had to put it back into his
pocket. Monslgnor Bislettl can^give no
indication as to the robber. The disap
pearance of the ring has caused a tre
mendous sensation at the Vatican, where
it is the sol© subject of conversation.
. i"'« ¦ »
XING EDWARD'S TRIBUTE.
No Trace of Token .of Papal Author
x ity Can Be Found.
FISHERMAN'S RING MISSING.
HONOLULU, July 2t.— Three soldiers,
named Bales, Carleton and Walton, un
der indictment here for burglary, recently
eecured their temporary release from im
prisonment through military influence on
the promise to remain on the islands for
trial. Before the time set for the hearing
of the case in court they took passage
to the United States, where they are now
supposed to be, though their exact where
abouts is unknown. The authorities at
Honolulu sent a protest, explaining the
circumstances, to Adjutant General Cor
bln, who, 5t has been learned, has .in
structed the Military Department of Cali
fornia to investigate the matter.
SOLDIERS CHARGED WITH
' BURGLARY IN HIDING
Secure Release and Take Passage
From Honolulu to the
United States.
When she discovered that he had framed
her picture so beautifully. Delicate gilt
orate. Flemish oak circles, Italian Flor
entine, 1'Art Nouveau effects are the lat
est in picture frames at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. •
She Was Charmed
choice of a new Pope. It leaked
out this morning that M. Delcasse, the
Foreign Minister, told the French Car
dinals, as well as Monsignor Lorenzelll,
the papal nuncio, yesterday that France
desired the election of Cardinal Rampolla,
or, at least, a Rampollist government.
The Government thinks that In order to
Insure a peaceful solutfon of the
ecclesiastical troubles at present raging in
France the policy of Leo must be con
tinued. An' arbitrary Pope would greatly
complicate France's difficulties.
Moreover, the Government is Intensely
Interested in the question of the Catholic
protectorate in the Orient, which the elec
tion of Cardinal Vannutelll, it is believed,
would throw into the hands of the Kaiser.
The French Government desires at all
cost to continue at least its protectorate
over French Catholics in the East, even If
it must give up to Germany its rights
over the Catholics of other nations in
that region.
Delcasse undoubtedly took up a strong
position when he summoned the French
Cardinals to a conference at the Foreign
Office Just before their departure for
Rome. In this he showed as much deter
mination as though France still remained
one of the official bulwarks of the papacy.
This show of authority has greatly In
censed a great many Catholics of the
middle classes, but it is pretty generally,
recognized by the whole body of the
French church as a sign of the strength
of" the present Government.
PARIS, July 24.— There Is no longer
any secret about the ideas of the
French Government regarding the
May intimately Fall Heir to the
Rampolla Following.
GOTTI'S CHANCES BRIGHT.
ROME, July 24.— All interest now cen
ters In the coming conclave and Its re
sult. The gossip of the day may be
summed up briefly by saying that Car
dinal Gotti's chances of election seem to
have Improved in comparison with those
of other Cardinals who have been men
tioned as likely to succeed the dead
Pontiff, although ' there still exists a
strong feeling that some one hitherto
scarcely talked of may wear the tiara.
Much comment was excited o.t the Vat
ican by- a drive which Cardinal Oreglia
took through/the Vatican gardens this
morning. The Cardinal did not appear
to be satisfied with what he saw. He
shook his head, exclaiming dismally:
What decay! What nesleet. I could not
remain shut up In this melancholy .place. I
should die within a year.
v The gossips now wish to know if this
means that the Cardinal would not ac
cept the Papacy If elected. It seems that
the more probable interpretation of his
remarks would be that if made Pope he
would institute great !" changes In tho
gardens.
The nearer the conclave approaches the
more two distinct tendencies are shown
in the Sacred College, especially, among
the Cardinals of the Curia (that 1h to say
those living in Rome), but in which the
Cardinals from the provinces, as well as
the foreign Cardinals, cannot help par
ticipating. These two tendencies gnrlnn
The antl-Rampolla tendency has more
prominent candidates, such as Cardinals
Oreglla, Vannutelll, Satolli and Agllardl,
which will cause difficulty in arriving at
an agreement upon any one of them. It
is already foreshadowed that should the
success of their opjfcnents be probable
this group will center all their votes upon
Cardinal Capccelatro, Archbishop of Ca
pula.
It Is understood that the Prussian Min
ister accredited to the Vatican has re
ceived instructions to favor the election of
Cardinal Serafino l Vannutelli or Agllardi.
Bishop Kopp. Bishop of Breslau, who ar
rived yesterday, has been approached to
the same effect.
The Congregation of Cardinals haryiot
yet decided whether the note which
Sacred College intends to address to the
powers concerning the situation of the
papacy at Rome' shall be presented to
morrow, when the. reception of the diplo
matic body occurs. The diplomatists ac
credited to the Holy See will be presented
by M. Martins d'Antas, the Minister from
Portugal, who Is dean of the corps. Mon
slgnor Merry del Val will. reply as acting
Secretary of State.
At the meeting of the congregation to- 1
day Cardinal Satolli asked when the con
clave .would be opened. 3 Cardinal Oreglia
fepllelUhat he thought tnat on the e,ven-
Ing of Friday, the 31st, all of the Cardi
nals might enter their cells and be ready
for the first meeting; of the conclave on
August 1, a week from to-morrow. .'¦: -.-¦
• Monsignor; Farabullnck, "the ¦ r. famous
Latinist. whom Gladstone of ten consulted
and ; of whom the German Emperor - re
quested advice ; concerning Latin, r . . has
baen selected to write the "Oratlo Bre-
If Ramoolla finds that on the first bal
lot he has a considerable number of votes
he will try again. If he has few votes
and one of his opponents has many, he
will renounce his chance and he and all
his friends will support, first, Cardinal
GottI, with whom he now has come to
some such agreement, and attempt to
raise Gotti to -the supreme office, with
Rampolla as an ally. This would mean
the maintenance of Pope Leo's policy on
exactly the same lines and intrusted to
the same men. But Gotti inspires dis
trust, because, as he belongs to the re
ligious orders, he would render the situa
tion of the papacy extremely •llftlcuU at
the present moment, considering the con
ditions prevailing in France, Spain- and
the Philippines. It seems, therefore, al
most certain that if on the first ballot
It Is probable that Gotti cannot be suc
cessful, this section of the Sacred Col
lege-will decide upon Cardinal dl Pletro,
one of Rampolla's most faithful follow
ers. ¦ ¦ ;
Rampolla, being a Sicilian, can count
upon the two Sicilian Cardinals. One of
them, however. Cardinal Celesla. a Bish6p
of Palermo, is so old (almost 90) that his
relatives strongly oppose his going to
Rome. For political reasons, all Spanish
Cardinals are favorable to Rampolla, be
sides a dozen Italians, thus making a
total ' of twenty-five. But to be elected
Pope it la necessary to get altogether
more than forty votes, as of the present
sixty-five Cardinals not more than two
or three will be absent from the conclave.
from the personality of Cardinal Ram
polla, as the great struggle continues to
be in hi3 favor or against him.
LINCOLN. Nebr., July 24.— One of the
most daring robberies in the history of
the city occurred to-day, when a solitary
stranger robbed two Lincoln business
houses of $45, using a revolver to terror
ize the victims. He first entered -,the
rooms over the restaurant of O. E. Houck,
where the latter was taking a bath. He
commanded Houck to make no outcry and
rifled his pockets cf $7 50. The thief tlwn
went to Rhelnlanders' drug store and
broke in the rear door, while the clerks
were watching the parade of Ringling's
circus, opened the safe and got $38. A
clerk was standing behind the soda
water fountain at the time, but the rob
bery was not discovered until ten minutes
later, when the robber had disappeared.
Daring Burglar Robs Lincoln (Nebr.)
Business Souses and Escapes
Without Being Detected.
RIFLES SAFE WHILE
CLERKS WATCH PARADE
D. McDonald, former president of the
union, testified that the "secret" commit
tee had demanded $30,000 from the Brook
lyn stone dealers to settle the strike of
1902. and that $100,000 might have been de
manded. As a compromise the commit
tee agreed to accept $10,000, which was
paid.
Several other witnesses testified that
the trust fund was created by flnffi
against members of the union durlngwi
strike in 1838, when the fines were paid By
employers under agreement with the
union to end the strike.
John Boyle, treasurer of the Stone Cut
ters' Union, was recalled. Through him
the prosecutor identified a contract be
tween the six members of the Stone Cut
ters' Union and the Lawyers' Surety Com
pany, which was introduced to disprove
the testimony of yesterday that these
same members divided $9600 among them
selves. The document was a contract by
which the members of the secret commit
tee could not draw money from the Law
yers' Surety Company unless they filed
every two days a statement of their ser
vices rendered. Boyle testified that he
had turned over to Murphy the $1000 he
had received "for services to be- ren
dered" as his share of the $9600 trust fund
and that this fund had been deposited
with the surety company before the
Brooklyn Stone Dealers' Association had
paid to the union $10,000.
men Stone Cutters' Union in extorting
money from employers. There was a
crowd of labor men in court.
Execution Reach
San Quentin.
Papers for a Stay of
MEMBERS OF THE SACRED COLLEGE WHICH WILL ELECT THE SUCCESSOR OF POPE LEO XIII. IN THE
EVENT OF FAILURE OF THE MORE PROMINENT CANDIDATES TO ARRIVE AT A COMPROMISE THE
TRIPLE CROWN MIGHT FALL, TO ONE OF THESE CARDINALS. 3 t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN. RAFAEL. July 24.— The delay In
the trasmission of a document nearly cost
the life of Wilson R. Howard, the mur
derer, to-day. Howard was sentenced to
be executed in San Quentln Prison this
morning. at 10:30 o'clock. An appeal was
made to the Supreme Court last Tuesday
and on Wednesday evening the papers
granting- the stay of execution were given
to .the • Wells-Fargo Express Company to
be sent to Warden Aguirre.
. It was ions after the hour scheduled for
the execution when the documents ar
rived :at the prison. Warden Aguirre's as
sertion last night that he would hang
Howard unless the papers were received
before sundown to-day would have been
made good had not the publicity caused
by the announcement in the newspapers
called Attorney, General Webb to the res
cuf. The documents should have reached
the prison not later than this morning at
9 o'clock. They did not get there until
3:30 trrts afternoon, however. The instru
ment was delivered to Wells-Fargo Agent
Day in San Jose at 6 p. m. Wednesday.
It was delayed in San Francisco and ar
rived in San Rafael at 12:10 to-day. It
left here at 3 o'clock.
Warden Aguirre said to-day that the
law did not compel him to wait, and if
Attorney General Webb had not advised
him to defer the hanging he could have
gone on with it. Howard would have
been the first negro ever hanged in San
Quentln Prison.
Railroad Files Articles.
SALT LAKE, Utan, July 24.-Art!cles
of incorporation of the Western Pacific
Railway Company, with a capitalization
of J50.000.0o0. have been filed with the
Secretary of State. The fee for filing
was $12,508. the second largest ever paid
in this State.
NEW YORK. July 24.— A neat at th« Stock
Exchange was sold to-day for 560.000. The last
previous sale was at $t'.7,."00.
ehed, but at the second meeting Hoskina
was knocked down by Fletcher.
.Dr. Fletcher and his wife and child ar
rived here last evening and took apart
ments at the Palace lodging house. About
the same time Hosklns reached Petalu
ma, vowing vengeance on the wan who
he alleged had broken up his home in
St. Louis, and wrecked his happiness by
eloping with his wife. Hoskins reached
this city this morning, coming up on the
freight train from Petaluma. He at once
located the object of his wrath, and as
he started up the stairs to interview Dr.
Fletcher he was searched for weapons by
City Marshal George Severson. Hosklns
then changed his mind and w^nt to his
hotel. There he caused a message to be
sent to Fletcher that a person desired to
see him at the Occidental Hotel. Fletcher
replied that he would be over at once, but
before he reached the hostelry Hoskins
had retired and given orders that he was
not to be disturbed until 1 o'clock. Dr.
and Mrs. Fletcher and her child took
breakfast at tlie . Occidental, and then,
strolled around* town.- • '.
Just about .noon the men met on.Fourth
street and Hoskins requested an Inter
view. Fletcher declared that he did not
wish to talk to or have anything to do
with Hosklns, whereupon the latter re
turned to the hotel. Later Fletcher In
formed Hoskins that he could I have a
private interview with Mrs. Fletcher.
With her he walked three blocks on B
street, during which time Mrs. Fletcher
alleges Hosklns denied ever having stated
to any one that he was her husband. Mrs.
Fletcher confronted him with Gallant
Rains, proprietor of the hotel, and Hos
kins again said he had not called the
woman his wife. There were others
present to whom ho had told of a mar
riage to Mrs. Fletcher. He was asked
If he had not claimed the child to be his, 1
and answered that he would not reply to
that question. He was accused of having
said so and at this juncture Dr. Fletcher
took hold of him and shook him and then
struck him twice In the face.
Dr. and Mrs. Fletcher say that they
were married In Quincy. Illinois, nine
years ago, and that they have been on
this coast since December last. They de
clare that they never say Hosklns pre
vious to meeting him socially in San Jose.
They assert that Hosklns conceived a vio
lent infatuation. for Mrs. Fletcher and fol
lowed her to San Leandro, Palo Alto and
San Jose on her return to that city.
Hosklns relates a story of an outraged
husband and previous to being knocked
down by Fletcher rehearsed it to a unm
ber of people in this city. He stated
freely that he was married to the woman
with Fletcher in St. Louis on March 27
1900, and that he is the father of a son
born to her three years ago last May
He also says that he left St. Louis a
week ago last Wednesday to pursue his
wife and child. He states they left' with
Dr. Fletcher three months ago, and ex
plains the loss of time between their de
parture and his beginning of pursuit by
saying he did not wish his relatives and
employers to know of his marital
troubles. In contradiction of this the
Fletchers give their story, and declare
the young man was soliciting insurance
and acting, as 'a book, agent when they
took up their abode in San Jose.
vis," the. Latin eulogy upon the late Pope,
which will be buried with him.
The congregation to-day also heard the
secret reports from the Nuncios at Vien
na, Paris. Munich and Madrid. It ap
proved the charity bequeathed by Leo to
the poor, dividing it as follows: Ten
thousand dollars for Rome; 54000 for Pe
rugia, where Leo was for many years
Archbishop, and $2000 for Carpineto,
where the late Pontiff was born.
To-night the Italia sees alleged con
firmation of the story that Cardinal Gib
bons had succeeded in transforming Car
dinal Richard, the Archbishop of Paris,
into an opponent of Cardinal Rampolla,
in the alleged fact that Cardinal Gibbons
did not leave Cardinal Richard while In
Paris; that they left together for Rome,
traveled together and will lodge together
at the house of the Order of St. Sulplce.
A» a matter of fact, only the statement
that they will live together is true. It Is
known that they did not start for Rome
together. ' Cardinal Richard is coming via
Modane and Cardinal Gibbons via St.
Gothard Pass. The latter, la expected on
Sunday evening or Monday morning. -
Inside the Vatican the work of arrang
ing the apartments for the conclave has
been begun. The courtyards are
choked with carts. bricks and
building material for raising walls, mak
ing partitions, etc. The palace guards
and gendarmes will be transferred else
where, as their barracks are needed by
tho conclave. This afternoon Cardinal
Oreglla, escorted by the Swiss Guards, in
spected , the work. Cardinal Oreglla Is
increasing in favor daily, even in Gov
ernment circles.
The Congregation of Cardinals to-day
decided ;to ask Monslgnor Galll to de
liver'the funeral oration upon the late
Pope and Monslgnor SardI the oration
on the duties of tho college. In connec
tion with the selection of Leo's- succes
sor. These appointments, however, are
of a, tentative nature and have not yet
been" officially communicated to the ap
pointees. Monslgnor Tarozzl was in
formally asked to pronounce the funeral
oration, but declined owing' to bad
health. For a similar reason Monsignor
fH fieri, the confessor of the late Pope,
declined an' appointment- as confessor of
the conclave.
The report that Monslgnor D. J. O'Con
nell, rector of the Catholic University In
Washington, was obliged to leave Rome
on account of his. electioneering for Car
dinal Gibbons is pronounced absolutely
untrue. ¦ The fact .is that Monslgnor
O'Connell came to Rome, only, to present
his ' report on the condition" of the uni
versity over which he presides. ; Finding
the Dope at the point of death, he merely
submitted a verbal report to Cardinal Sa
tolll.
Body of Leo Will Be Consigned to Its
Last Besting Place.
INTEBMENT THIS EVENING.
ROME, July 24.— Again to-day, the body
of Leo XIII . lay in state in the basilica
of St. Peter's and about 30.000 persons
passed before the catafalque during the
day. This, probably, Is : a slight increase
over the number that viewed the remains
yesterday -and the augmentation was
doubtless due to the widely circulated re-
Woman Arrested for Murder.
SALT LAKE, Utah. July 24.-A war
rant for the arrest of Miss Ella Hodge,
also known as Allie Fisher, charging her
with the murder of William X. Ryan, a
spectacle vender, whose body, , tied hand
and foot and araKged, was found under
his wason near Murray about ten days
ago. has been Issued. Miss Hodsre has
been located at Denlson, Iowa, and the
authorities of that place have been tele
graphed.
ports that to-day would be the last upon
which the public would have an oppor
tunity of looking on the body of the be
loved Pontiff. Those reports proved to
be baseless and the body will continue
tii He in the chapel of the Sacrament at
least during the greater part of to-mor
row.
With impressive ceremonies the body
will be interred to-morrow evening in a
sarcophagus in St. Peter's, where it will
remain until taken .to its final resting
place In the Church of St. John Lateran.
Italian soldiers again to-day preserved
order in St. Peter's, where there was a
repetition of the scene and crowd of yes
terday.
The day was notable . for the solemn
masses celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Pontiff at St. Peter's and
other famous churches in Rome, which
were largely attended, despite the pa
thetic ceremony' which was occurring in
the basilica.
"The most significant mass to-day was
that celebrated in the royal chapel,
known as the Church of the Sudario, by
the court chaplain by order of the King
of Italy. When Pius IX died, four days
after his death mass was celebrated in
the. Sudario Church for the repose of the
soul of '. Victor. Emmanuel, then lately
deceased. To-day It was four days after
the death of Leo and mass was celebrated
for the repose of his soul.
NEGRO ESCAPES
GALLOWS ROPE
I There was nothing upon the remains by
| which they could be identified, but the
• body bad the appearance of that of a
! man 25 years old. He was dressed in
j cheap new clothes and his make-up sug
\ gested that he was a farmhand.
An empty buckskin, wallet with blood
'stains upon It was found, and It was evi
• dent that a thorough search of the cloth-
J ing had been made fcr money. Even the
j shoes had been taken 6tt and the stock
ings 'searched. The deceased had light
brown; hair, and a sandy mnsta'che. The
remains have been removed to the morgue
and await identification. The murder was
committed some time last night.
em .H r H">M"K-M-M":»M- 1 :¦!"!¦»
At first it "was thought to be merely a
case of drowning, but on examination It
was found that the man had been beaten
on "the head and a large trail of blood
marked the path over which the body had
been dragged from a point some distance
from the water. v
STOCKTON",- July 21.— The bod? of a
murdered man was found late this after
noon in McDougalds Canal, a shallow
body of water near the Santa Fe round
house.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The decision of the jury, reached after
half an hour's deliberation, was a com
plete defeat for the Drijgs side of the
case and a virtual declaration that the
alleged will had been forped. The jury de
clared that the name of the peculiar old
man had been Salem Charles, that the
<"harles family of Massachusetts Is en
titled to the estate, that the Driggs will
is not genuine and that it was not seen
nor signed by the deceased.
Immediately after the jury had returned
the .verdict Judge Wilbur Issued a new
warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Driggs.
She was taken into custody immediately
*nd, being unable to give a $5000 bond,
waa placed in the county jail.
At one stage In the proceedings the re
sult seemed to hinge upon whether
Charles Hill had a heavy head of hair or
was bald. Mr?. Driggs procured what
purported to bo a photograph of Hill,
showing that be had long hair. This pic
ture she showed to a juror between ses
sions of court. The Juror promptly re
ported the matter and Judge Wilbur
caused Mrs. Driggs' arrest for contempt
of court.
JTJIUm CAUSES AKEZST.
it was be^un. Even secret service oper
atives wr re celled into the case, and for
more than two months the- case has been
on triaJ.
The Public Administrator took charge
of the estate and his attorney went to
Boston, following a clew which had been
found in the old man's papers. The at
torney, after months of work, established
to his own satisfaction the fact that
Charles Hill's real name was Salem
Charles; that he was a member of a fa
mous Massachusetts family: that among
his relatives was the Hon. Salem D.
Charles, president of the Department of
Public Works of Boston, a man known all
over New England.
About the time the Charles family be
iran the necessary proceedings to secure
the e?tate Mrs. Gertrude B. Driggs of
Dayton, Ohio, appeared with what pur
ported to be a will executed by Charles
Hill, leaving the entire estate to her
daughter, Grace Driggs. She told a re
markable story to the effect that Charles
Hill had been a leader of a band of coun
terfeiters and had amassed his fortune by
passing epurious coin. On his deathbed,
sb* declared, he had written his will with
a pencil in her presence and before an
other witness named Manning. . She had
prepared «her ca.«e carefully and witnesses
came from many States to testify as to
the truth of her s-tory, for the alleged
will was no sooner tiled than a contest of
SEARCH FOB, AN HEIR
The stake which half a score of liti
gants were fighting for was a cash estate
of $142,000, left by a peculiar old man, who
a year ago died in a Los Angeles hospital
apparently without means. Three weeks
after his death J142/O0 in crisp greenbacks
was found in a safe deposit box in a local
bank, where the old man, who j was
known here as Charles Hiil, had deposited
the money. No less than COO persons laid
claim to the money, many of them en
deavoring to prove that the old man was
a relative.
LOS ANGELES, July U.— After a trial
which has been in progress almost con
tinuously since May 12, a jury in the pro
bate department of the Superior Court de
cided the famous Charles Hill case, one of
the most remarkable which has ever en
gaged the attention of a California court.
As a sensational climax, Mrs. Gertrude
Driggs, the woman who offered the al
leged will, was arrested von a felony
charge of having tried to influence a
Juror.
Fcpclal Dispatch to The Call.
Jury Believes That the "Will Offered
Was Forg-ed and Quickly Makes
an End of a Sensa
tional Case.
Marks on the Ground Indicate That
the Body of the Victim Had Been
Dragged for a Consider
able Distance. * ~ '
SANTA ROSA, July 24.— There were two
meetings in this city to-day between Dr.
O. O. Fletcher and J. E. Hoskins, the
alleged irate and armed husband, who
was in pursuit of Dr. and Mrs. Fletcher.
Both meetings ended in a lack of blood-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Body of an Unknown Man
Pound in the Shallow
iAf ater.
Estate of Salem Charles Is
for the Boston Rela
tives.
NEW'TORK, July 24.— Counsel for Law
rence Murphy, former treasurer of the
Stone Cutters' Union, now on trial,
charged with appropriating the organiza
tion's funds, continued his novel line of
defense before Judge Newburger to-day
In dragging from each witness admission
as to the methods used by the Journey-
Mrs. Gertrude Driggs
Goes to Jail in Los
Angeles.
Mysterious Crime Com
mitted at a Canal
in Stockton.
Physician Strikes Ener
;> . getic Pursuer in
Santa Rosa.
Murphy Trial Develops
More Evidence of
Extortion.
BLOWS FOLLOW
THE ACCUSATION
EMPLOYERS PAY
TO END STRIKES
WOMAN LOSES
AT LAW AND
IS ARRESTED
BLOOD TRAIL
SHOWS SIGN
OF MURDER
Papal Secretary of State Now the Center of All De
velopments in Rivalry for the Successorship
to the Throne of Peter.
FRENCH GOVERNMENT INDICATES PREFERENCE
FOR THE ELECTION OF CARDINAL RAMPOLLA
THE SAN FIJAlSrCISCO CAXIi, SATURDAY, . JTJI/XV 25, 1903.
3
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S HAIR.
Jta Great Profusion Was Always a
Cause of Wonder.
Even at the age of £0 years Queen Vic-
toria's hair was a marvel of luxuriance.
The court physician, following Professor
Unna'e discovery, undoubtedly treated
her Majesty's scalp with a perm destroy-
ing preparation that was not made pub-
lic It i« now known, however, that the
remedy for dandruff, the germ destroying
element, is embodied In Newbro's Herpi-
cide, the onlv hair preparation on the
market that does destroy the dandruff
Kerm. Without dandruff hair will grow
profusely and falling hair will be stopped.
"Destroy the cause, you rcmovp the ef-
fect." Sold by leading drupgisis. S*>nd
30c in stamps for sample to The Herpidda
Co.. Detroit. Mich. ' x •
People and grocers are equal-
ly interested in Schilling's Best
tea biking-powder • spic«
coSim fliyorinf extracts (oda
apart from the goodness of
them.
Moneyback dealing.
PR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Why cant we come over to your hons*
and play any more ?
papa gets so mad when w
make a little bit of noise.
• What makes him that way?
Mamma says it's dyspepsia males him
act so crazy.
That's about the way it strikes the
small boy. The dyspeptic has no idea
of his own unreasonableness or harsh*
ness. Little things are magnified and
seem to justify his quick acger.
There's health for the dyspeptic asd
happiness for the family by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
It cures diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
and restores perfect health and strength.
by enabling the perfect digestion ana
assimilation of food.
$3,000 FORFEIT
Will be paid by the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, Buf-
falo, N. Y., if they cannot show the orig-
inal signature of the individual volun-
teering tb* testimonial below, and also
of the writers of every testimonial among
the thousands which they are constantly
publishing, thus proving their genuine-
ness.
n I hare taken one bottle of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery for indigestion asd
liver complaint," writes Mr. C M. Wilson, of
Yadkis College, Davidson Co., V. C *Kave
had . no bad spells since I commenced taking
your medicine — in fact, have not felt like the
same man. Before I took the ' Golden Medical
Discovery* I could not eat anything without
awful distress, but now I can eat anything I
wish without having unpleasant feelings.*
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Friirti rirjfjhn
and regulate the bowels*WASHINGTON. July 24.— Walter C.'-Hamm
of Pennsylvania has been appointed United
Slates Consul at Hull. England.
Daylight Excursion
To Stockton or to Antioch and return,, 50c
Steamer Captain Weber will leave Washing
ton-street wharf at 0 a. m. on Sunday. July 26
returning at 7 p. in. For particulars. Inquire
Union Company, Washington-street
wharf." Phone Main 6724; ¦ • - ¦
Mary E. Nelson commenced an action
yesterday against the trustees of the
First Presbyterian Church to set aside
a deed made by J. C. Beideman in 1S54
conveying: to them property on Eddy
street, near Franklin. She ' claims that
because they failed to erect thereon a
church, as was stipulated by Beideman.
the conveyance should be declared null
and void. A similar suit was filed some
months ago by an heir of Beideman.
Sues to Set Aside Deed.
Helen M. Patterson and her four sisters
brought a suit against Charles A. Zin
kand yesterday to compel him to carry
out his agreement to purchase from them
a ranch in San Anselmo Valley. Last May,
they allege. Zinkand agreed to pay them
$25,000 for the land and paid $1000 down,
agreeing to pay the balance upon the re
port of the title. searchers. He now ie
fuses to do so, they allege, hence the suit.
Charles A. Zinkand Sued.
This week's News Letter contains- a- very
timely article upon the present relations of la
bor and capital from the pen of Greer Harri
son. It is thoughtfully written and in sure to
create eornewhat of a sensation. The stories
by the Looker On are brighter and more local
than usual, while the natlre of the Town Crier
Is at least a? biting as we usually get from
that ungeninl cynic. Trouble in society is clev
erly depicted in an article on the servant girl
¦ unction as it has lately made itself manifest
at Uurlingame, and there are other features
and stories which render this by far the most
readable of the local weeklies. . •
There were several lots of this grain
that Herman* Epplnger represented .in
storage In the warehouse mentioned, so
says the indictment, each b«lng of the
weight of 200.000 pounds. Altogether, as
set up,- there was a . total of 1,000.000
pounds. .All this property was described
in a warehouse receipt that was dated
December 11, 1902; and It was represented
by Herman Eppinger that all of such
said personal property and goods was
then actually deposited and stored In the
warehouse of the Pacific Warehouse Com
pany at Crockett.'
The Jury finds that the grain .was not
in the . warehouse, that none of the grain
described in '/the receipt was owned by
Herman Epplnger, Jacob Eppinger or
Bernhard Ettlinger: nor were there any
good or valid receipts forvthe wheat or
for any wheat, whatsoever, in this trans
action. The Bank of Monterey and P. E.
Bowles, so the indictment further sets
forth/were induced by representations of
Herman Eppinger to loan money on the
warehouse receipt of December 11, 1903,
and also on a promissory "note dated May
4, 1903, bearing 5 per cent per annum, for
$11,500. •
FACTS OF FRAUD.
No indictment was found by the Grand
Jury against Bernhard Ettlinger, of the'
llrm of Eppinger & Co. Detective Tom
Gibson has discovered evidence relating
to Ettlinger's agency In the affairs of the
concern and this will be brought before
the next Grand Jury. At. the same time
an indictment will be sought against
James Demlngs, who was the superin
tendent of the Pacific Coast Warehouse
Company's warehouses at Crockett at the
time, when the suspension of Epplnger &
Co. took place. Testimony will be pre
sented concerning the taking away of
the warehouse grain books from the
warehouses on the eve of suspension, in
which, it is alleged, Demlngs was'Con
cerned. The Grand Jury that found In
dlctmfnt.^ agralnst Jacob and Herman
Epplnger filed its final report last night
and was discharged.
The allegations in the Indictment that
was returned yesterday against Herman
Epplnger are of the same general purport
as those in the Jacob Eppinger Indict
ment. It is set up that Herman Eppin
ger, on or about May 4, 1903, by fraudu
lent pretenses and representations, did
willfully, unlawfully, knowingly and de
signedly .pretend and represent to the
Bank of Monterey and to one P. E.
Bowles. , who was the I- agent, servant,
employe, etc.. of the bank named, that
Herman Epplnger, Jacob Epplnger and
Bernhard 'Ettlinger, constituting the firm
of Eppinger & Co.,, were the owners of
goods, being grain, then stored in the
warehouses of the Pacific Coast Ware
house Company at Crockett, Cal.
About 5:30 p.* m. the Grand Jury filed
into Judge Murasky's presence with
District Attorney Byington. William J.
Bryan, fofeman of the Grand Jury, after
the usual preliminaries, handed up the
indictment. Henry Ach surrendered Her
man Epplnger to the Sheriff. Epplngrer
had his bondsmen ready, who are Simon
Newman, a grain dealer, and Max Stone
of the I X L. dairy. District Attorney
Byington requested that the bond be
made 112,000. the amount of money men
tioned In the Indictment as having been
procured by false pretenses being $11,500.
In the case of Jacob Eppinger last week
the bond was fixed at $11,000, the amount
mentioned in the indictment being $10,000.
Attorney Ach made no objection and the
bondsmen qualified and Herman Eppinger
left the courtroom In a few minutes with
his bondsmen, attorney and relatives.
ETTLINGER NEXT.
terey and P. E. Bowles. He knew
that he was to be indicted and, with his
attorney, Henry Ach, waited two hours
or more at the City Hall for the Jury to
make Us return to Judge Murasky. The
usual bodyguard of relatives, members of
the Epplnger family, 'attended'*' Herman'
Eppinger at court. The proceeding's were
brief. - - - ¦ f »
HERMAN EPPINGER was indict
ed yesterday by the Grand Jury
for obtaining money by false pre
tenses from the Bank of Mon-
SECOND MEMBER OF THE
BANKRUPT GRAIN FIRM TO
131"* I^» DICXED.
A watch was kept upon his movements,
but for a* time he escaped the vigilance of
the detectives. He was finally traced to
this city. Church thinks Hill fled to this
coast to avoid the consequences of some
other crime, committed by him.
Harry, alias Leon, W. Hill, who was ar
rested here about two weeks ago, will be
taken back, this morning to Jollet (111.)
penitentiary by C. E. Church, parole
commissioner for penitentiaries .In Illi
nois, and C. H. Pierson, a deputy warden
at Joliet. They arrived here yesterday
with the papers for Hill's extradition.
Church says that Hill escaped from
Jollet three years ago. He was sentenced
in Chicago to . serve twelve years for
grand larceny, and, being a druggist, he
was placed in the pharmacy at the insti
tution. After his escape he was traced to
Ohio arid arrested, but defeated efforts to
extradite him. • * - . • Vj
Officers Here With Papers for Ex
tradition of Harry, Alias
Leon, W. Hill.
MADE HIS ESCAPE FROM
JOLIET PENITENTIARY
Among the recommendations made was
one that an official shall be appointed to
take charge of the City Cemetery and
protect it from vandalism; and that the
office of the Public Administrator shall
be conducted on a salaried basis, the
Public Administrator being the only city
and copnty officer now depending upon
fees.
The order of the Board of Health under
which there was a wholesale removal of
plumbing from buildings was declared to
have worked hardship.
It was recommended that the number of
fire hydrants in the city be increased to
."•"00 and that large water mains shall sup
plant email ones; that the police force
shall be brought up to the full numerical
limit provided for under the charter.
The Jury found that by sending 2270 un
used desks to furnish outside schools
310,000 can be saved in furnishing and ob
viate the necessity of purchasing , such
supplies for two years. More accommo
dations were declared^to be necessary in
the outlying districts 'and new buildings
should be provided there. In the Rich
mond and Sunset districts lots owned by
the city and county and held for the ben
efit of the Fire Deparatment, It was de
clared,- could be used, thus effecting a
considerable saving to the School Depart
ment.
All the city and county departments not
mentioned in the foregoing as having
been censured met with compliments at
the hands of the Grand Jury. Several
recommendations were Included In the re
port. It was advised that the present site
for the County Hospital should be re
tained and the statement "was made that
the expenditure of J100.000 would put the
existing buildings into such shape that
the city would have a fine hospital, ade
quate for its needs for some years to
come. jJttSSl
Praise was given to the Fire and Police
departments, and Chief Sullivan of the
Fire Department was complimented very
highly. The Jury suggested keeping a
close watch on the spoilsmen who are
after the Fire Department. The following
i» from the report on that point:
In closing our report on this most Important
department of this city we are shaken with a
fear that the heretofore excellent manage
ment is about to be invaded by the resurrec
tion of the old spoils system from which so
many scandals were always In evidence, and
we think a watchful eve on the doings of this
department would not be amis?. The whole
people should be awake to any Innovation in
the Fire Department that would lessen its
present efficiency, and frown down any at
tempt to change methods that have proved so
satisfactory to the people of this city.
SOME WORDS OF PRAISE.
The Board of Public Works was de
clared by the jury to be "somewhat cum
bersome in Its ramifications and slow in
obtaining results that may have been
earlier looked for in the rearrangement of
this department."
In the attention giv*n to streets and' thor
oughfares the people have. just cause for com
plaint. The Item of street cleaning severely
appeals to the criticism of the public, who
witness the slovenly manner of sweating the
streets and removing rubbish. The large ap
propriation for this purpose is of ample di
mensions, calling for better service. a.nd we
think closer attention to this Important subject'
is demanded. Repair* to accepted ' streets are
also noted as deserving feevere censure: the
distribution of the large appropriation allotted
to the Hoar.! of Public Works is sufficiently
liberal in all direction* except the most - lm
portant one of repairs to accepted streets; the
shameful condition of many, of the roadways
paved with bitumen attests the insufficient sum
set apart for this purpoie; and we are of the'
opinion that so much of the budget as has
been apportioned for the use of the Board of.
Public Works should have been segregated in
such a manner that the Item of repairs to
public streets may not fall below the sum of
at least $100,000 annually.
Anticipating a large Inflow of funds into the
treasury by «n affirmative vote of the peopl*
on the several bond issues, elaborate prepar
ations in the shape of plans and estimates of
cost of the numerous buildings and projects as
designed show an Intention to disburse moneys
on a most magnificent scale, the actual necr-s
sltv for which does not at this time appear.
We think that the Board of Public Works
should be granted more time to perfect Its or
ganization, that its disbursements may show
better results for the money appropriated for
the department.
BOARD OF WORKS.
cause for objecting to this unbounded generosity
with the money of the people. There is a feel-
Ing of disappointment that so little of better
ments Is provided for in a budget of such
enormous proportions, and there is also a feel
ing of indignation that the main thoroughfares
of this boasted metropolis of the West should
be allowed to become a menace to the traffic
for which they were laid out and provided. An
nually the treasury of this city receives a sum
equal to the purchase price of the enormous
domain of Alaska: more than 17,000,000 yearly
is collected from the people, and as a return
they can gaze on streets badly swept and cut
up Into ruts, thereby endangering life and limb,
and this. too. while the funds are so bountifully
distributed to the extent of $4.0*0.000 In the
shape of salaries. And this Jury Joins with the.
general public in a protest and disapproval of
such an unfair distribution of the public funds.
The Beard of Supervisors was not for
rotten and the Grand Jury made the fol
lowing report concerning that body:
In legislating fcr the public benefit the tax
payer does not always appear to be in eight
before this honorable body. The free and very
literal appropriation for salaries rails aloud in
protest, and this Jury is of the opinion that the
honorable gentlemen i-hould give a more re
spr-ctful consideration to the pockets of thot»
who furn'.sh the fundt, and we agree with the
general objection to a budget whose component
part is two-thirds salaries. W> think that the
l>rcr>ortlon of wages to the whole appropriation
is so far at variance with strict business econ
omy (and especially so because of the bad con
dition of the strf-eti) that the taxpayer has Just
BOARD* OF SUPERVISORS.
Considerable friction has been engendered
between itself and other branches of the city
irovernmer.t to the subversion of discipline, and
this Jury :.- of the opinion that such controver
sies are ill advised, sometimes causing teach
ers to take sides and creating prejudices that
are net a part cf the studies of the public
schools. Tnere is large room for Improvement
In the management of the schools, and It could
be applied »lth profit to the scholars. There
has been much complaint because of the crowd
ed condition of some of the class rooms, and it
has b*^>n said tlict many pupils were compelled
to wait for a vacancy to aris*- before they could
b? seated, and thon the sudden acclaim goes
up for more schoolhouses. which seems to be
not in accord wi;h the actual condition then
existing, showing i2T3 more desks than there
were purlls to occupy them.
The Board of Education was reported
not to have covered the School Depart
ment with glory:
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
The above covers th» charges laid before, this
lury, and the result of Its Investigation, which,
is »«lore etatpd. did not violate ur.y uw u;>-n
« *-.lch we could take action, dr.: we therefore
ar* c<tij»o!'«-d to *>xor»erat»r the Oouuty Clerk
from th«- < I arges preferred.
Mans* objectionable features in the conduct
end management of that office wera apparent,
and trie whole atmosphere seemed to be load
ed with politics. A thorough and complete re
nrraR/tsment of the department, based on busi
ness methods, would yield a more eatlsfactory
ccnditlon. The charge that clerks were as
sessed to defend suits and help In election cam
paigns Is not denied, and shelter is taken un
der the statement that all such contributions
are voluntary- and have been the habit from
the time beyond the oldest Inhabitant. This
Jury i» of the opinion that the custom Is rep
rehensible and rhould be punished; yet we
are powerlf-ss In the premises, as we do not
find any Jaw under which we can act, and
must be content with the recommendation that
this department be taken out of politic* i.nd
Its employee placed under civil service rules.
References and charges were a!ei» brought be
for* us of irregularities In the law library
funds. A close examination was made of the
subject, and again we find a system that is not
In accord with buslne«s rules, and while no
chertage pt funds appears <all moneys up to
iate being accounted for), yet the temptation
is great. It has been and now Is the custom
to settle accounts of moneys received from
suits with the proper officer once every month,
during which period the fund is growing, and is
kept in the custody of the County Clerk until
prohably the last day. when, according to law.
It must be paid over to an officer authorized
by law to receive the same. In these days of
fast living and good fellowship the pr«-Eence of
funds Jn the drawer from which it is so rasuy
drav.n and a tag substituted is very aijt to
:^mjit the custodian of such moneys, and this
lury urges a change of method? in rtgarl- to
:he payment of this fund into the proper chan
ael.
BOASTS COUNTY CLERK.
After the prereding, attention was paid
to the County Clerks office in the follow
ing terms:
Re*;ardln* the Civil Service Commission we
%t* bound to i>ay that much can and should be
'roprovfd in the manner the examinationi) aro
held, and likewise deplore the fact that the
»»-vfral papers of examination are so willfully
Wiroyed. for certainly do we consider the
4&me public records, arifl as cuch. they should
se kept Intact for at least one year after the
•xaniinatlon was held.
Th*>re was vitriol mixed in with the
words of praise thai the Grand Jury filed
last evening relative to the departments
of the city and county government. A
"roast" was administered to Mayor
Bchmitz and also to the Civil Service
Commission as follows:
Hia Honor, the Mayor, we find attending to
!.> official duties, but we cannot refrain from
remarking; that he wae rather unfortunate In
the selection of come Commissioners appointed
ty him. and we would recommend that before
a Oomrals-slcner is named by hl« Honor
he t&ke pains to scrutinize the general reputa
tion of the respective party and not be aruided
In his appointments to reward political frtend
thir*. The welJai-e of the city certainly re-
Quire* that the important and responsible po
sttlon of Commissioner in every department
rhould be f.lled by men who are above eue
picion.
Words That Are Hasping Are In
cluded in Document' Filed as
Kesult of Some In- \
vestig-ation.
Mayor and Departments Are
Made Subjects of
Criticism.
The trial of Michael Nolan, another of
the gang of thugs, will commence on
luonday morning, and, as he has no
money to employ an attorney, the Judge
has appointed Attorneys McClellan and
.McCloskey to defend him. It is ex
pected that John Davis, the other thug,
will plead guilty. Docla Nolan, the in
stigator of the plot, is now under sen
tence of eight years, but it is anticipated
that a much more severe sentence will be
imposed upon Whltelaw, who was the
leader of the gang.
He has no local record, but the police
say he was arrested in St. Louis for
shooting and killing a man, but was ac
quitted. '••- ;. . ;<.
.It took thft jury In Judge Cook's court
only five minutes yesterday morning: to
bring: In a verdict of guilty against Ber
nard , Whitelaw, \the" thug who brutally
beat Mrs. -Emma V.-Mathews on the head
and face with the butt end. of a revolver
at the residence of her . daughter, Mrs.
IdaE. Tuttle. 543" 'Haight street, on the
afternoon of March 4 and robbed her of
a gold watch and $60 In cpln.'
;' -When the court convened at 10 o'clock
the Judge delivered his charge to the
jury, which; retired at 10:20 o'clock to con
sider the verdict. In less than five-min
uses the bell. In the jury-room was rung
and '; Bailiff Ryan was informed that an
agreement had been reached. After the
Jurors had taken their seats in the box
the foreman, P. Finegan, on being asked
If 'they had agreed on a verdict, stood up
and said the jury had found the defend
ant guilty as charged.
• Whitelaw's pallid face turned, if any
thing, a shade paler, but beyond that he
seemed as cool as ever. His attorney, W.
S..'Barnep,' asked, that sentence be post
poned for two weeks to give him time
to make a motion for a new trial, but
the Judge said the defendant would be
sentenced on Saturday, August 1. As
Whltelaw was being taken to the City
Prison he remarked: "Why, this is only
preliminary," meaning there would be
plenty of coin forthcoming from his
father In St. Louis, with which to take
the- case before the Supreme Court.
Man Who Beat and Robbed
*Mrs.;Mathews Will Get
•>;^vHis Dessert3.
Grand Jury ; Censures
Schmitz Regime at
Many Points.
Takes the Jury but Five
Miiiutes to Reach
L a Verdict.
POURS ACID
INTO FRESH
CIVIC SORES
THUG WHITELAW
IS CONVICTED
Grand Jury Files Indictment Against Him for Ob
taining Thousands of Dollars by False Pre
tences--Accused Arrested and Released on Bail
HERMAN EPPINGER MUST
STAND TRIAL IN COURT
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULr 25; l»03.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Wife of Heart
Disease and
Myself of Nervous
Dyspepsia With
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
and Nervine.
"If I had but known what medicine and
what physicians were reliable I would be
about f 1,000 ahead today, For years raj
wife had been troubled with fiutterinp; &nd
palpitation of the heart accompanied by
weak, nervous f pells. We consulted several
different local doctors and tried nc arljr every
patent medicine I heard of and my wife bad
almost eiven up in despair when mv druggist
advised her to rive ui. Miles' Heart Cure
and Restorative Nervine a trial. After tak-
ing one-half bottle of the Nervine sh felt
better than she had in twenty years. She
bought three bottles of each and is today en-
ioyinr better health than she did in all her
life. I know it is all due to Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine and New Heart Cure, I
think Restorative Nervine is the best medi-
cine cm earth. As a stomach remedy it can-
not be beaten. It cured me of nervous dys-
pepsia and if from any cause I feel nervous
and I think my stomach is goinv to trouble
me I just tike a few doses of Ntrvine and
Nerve and Liver Pills and I soon feel all
right again. Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are
the best remedy for headache and pains I
have ever used. I always keep a box in my
house. One Pain Pill will knock any pain
in thirty minntes. I have been using Dr.
Miles' Restorative Rtmedies . in my family
fifteen years and think they are the best in
the world."— Isaac Headley, Station Mas-
ter, Santa Fe R. R* Wichita, Kan.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhwt, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '¦^-'
The Tyfol4 Collar
The picture shows 'how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar comes
close together in fr6nt, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased"
if you wear one, «and you'll thank us .
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 2 5c each
Arrow Brand, 1 5c each
Cluett, Pcabody & Co. .
9^^^^^''^^^^<4W<sV^isV^^*lsV^^^0
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great <i
{MUSEUM OF AKATOMY,
9 W W511UlXlTW.lrt.8tU7la,8.T.0il.| I
A Ef ¦ The Laxjeit Anatomical Museum in the Vj
O ' J.111 ¦!_¦__ . World. Weaknestci cr inj contracted I r
L W?P fl diseaie t>»«lll"»ljrc»r«4hjrtheold"t '
O /B6 I SpeaalUt 00 the Coast EiL 36 years. 4 I
'4 $*j&& OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ Inn IB Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
§ I XfV fl Tr«aiment personally or by letter. A g
\ ¦ W \ ¦ r—ttiv* Cur* In erery cas« undertaken. T.
mPll tf Write for Book. PniLOSOPBlYct A
V ¦ a * niHMUNE, MAILED FREE. ( A ¥
X fl (} valuable book for men) - ,\
r DB.JOBDANAVO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. 9
, >-^sV^*<V^ .^ <> 4» .Hfc «^ ««V ¦>»§
~ ~~~ .. . . '"¦¦ ..'¦[¦:: . ¦.¦,.»¦; — ~'
J-_\ -M^^ •'. Those Bufferin* from weak-
: . W~ -nesses which sap the pleasures
* ¦ ¦ of life should take Juven Pills;
. 76/ One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. .This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizinz force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
orietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Masa,
¦ ¦
CALIFORNIA NOBTHWESTERN HY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAXXWAT OOUPASY.
Tiburon Terry, root of Market St.
BAN PBAHCISCO TO SAW BAFAISL.
WEEK DAYH— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00, ll:CO a. m.;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 0:10, 5:50, tf:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip'at 1:30 p. m. \
SUNDAYS — 7:30, 8:0«i, 9:30. ll:0Oa. m. ; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m. !
SAN KATAEL TO SAN rSAZTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50, 0:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:uo, 3:40, 6:00, 5:20.
C>:'2b p. m Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 0:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:S0, 5:00. 5:l'0, «:10, 6:35 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. f Slay 3, HH)3. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Dpsllna- I Sun- I Week
Da>s. I days. | tlon. | days. | Dajn.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a U:30a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 v
| .Tir^L?
! 7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 0:20 p 0:20 p
5:10 p 2:.'!0p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a 7:30a 10:2<>a 10:20a
8:00a 8:<»0a Fulton. 7:25p fi:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p I ~-'^> P
Wtnflsor,
7-30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg.. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| and Uklah. ' ( 7:25 p| 7:25 p
I "77?{0~aT~7T3O a| VVllllts. I 7:25 pi 7:25 p
8:C«a| 8:(K)a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:2t< a
2:30p|2:30p| Guernevllle. I 7:25 p| 0:20 p
S:C«)a| 8:00 al Ponoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 0:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 A 7:80 a] jlo72O a|10:20 a
2:30pr2:S0p| Sebastopol. [ 7:25 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qucntin. at Santa Roi»a for .White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cliver-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan -Springs. High-
land. Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda -Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. LJerly's, .Bucknell's. Sanhtdrln
Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs... Half-
way House, Comptche, Camp 8tevens, Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport,
Usal: at Wlllits for Fort • Bragg, • Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, • Laytonville, Cum-
mines, Bell's Springs, Harris,. Olsen's. Dyer,,
Garbervllle, Pepperwood,' Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . •
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. ¦
.Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Wa SnamUts hnj' Arrive '
Saa Fran. ' ft* «< aarkw K Saa Fran.
Wecx San- Sun- Week
? : iS A TSF (Sii^i T *^^^T^
i : f5 P ,J : 22 A Va$e$&9 l*-*0r3:30r
~~z^ vxi~
fctaTsayt salj, Man TctmbT •:SOr,arrtrt&J. ll:SOp
3SML i ** »«**«"¦ STm (North Shore Ka.lroad/
vnCBS I and Sausauto FsaftY Foot Market St.
EVERY WOMAN
=*^S5»ki is interoted and should know
•i^^^^V about tbe wonderful
«tt MARVEL -.TOBH" 0
ffttf 1 b / e new 7*»*"*1 Syrinee.
»Vu\S»UvSij l \lpi I»JfCtion and Suction.
\r<SCl/5i test— Safest— Most Con-
'^VO> -<V>ST^Saaw venient. ItCletDaei
'%^->> Inittatlj'
Aik year dmgrf.t for It. \, All&~~. ~<p^>-
IWABVBIj, accept no \V ''.^ J^«.
othtr. but lend ««mp for Hlui- \>. /^7s%2?T
tnterihook— aoa)l«>d. it flv»t full V* ¦§ WJr
partlcuUri »»•! dlrwtirn* in».ilu»b!e 0v?' I M
toladie- .MAKVRL CO.. **f
Room 203. Times Bdg., New Tork.'
California
Limitedw.,
ro CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
F^^^^^J For Those Who
Seek th " Best
SANTA FE TRAINS
Leave Market-street Ferry D*pot.
'. I Local 1 L.lm'd I Local I Ov'rfd
' 1 Dally I Dally | Dally | Daily
LiT, San Fran.. I 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:0O p! 8:0O p
Ar. Stockton... [10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p|ll:15 p
•' Merce.i 1:05 p 1:53 p | 1:»»
" Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a,
" Hantord .. 4:58 p 4:0" p 7:30 a
" VI*alla 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:00 a
" Uakersfleld .7:15 p «:00 p ":."."» a
" Kansas City \ 2:35 a 7:00 a
" Chicago ... .'¦ 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersdeld Local, stop-
ping at all potnt9 In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. daily.
ft:30 a. m. Monday and ThursUiv 13 the
CAXiXTOBXXA LIMITED, carrying; Pal-
ace Sleeping* Can and Dining Cars
through to Chicago Chair car rur.s to Bakers-
fiold for accommodation of local tint-class pas-
a«ngers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
S»:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited, Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and oan Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Daily is the Overland Kxpress
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleep«r, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and F.ast leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 041 Market street and In Ferry D*-
pot, San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DATS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t»7:45, 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20, «1:45. 3:15,
4:15. |3 : i5. ?tt:15. 6:45, 0, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAJfS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8. t*». r*-°- n « tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30 1*1:30,
2:35, *J:iO, 5, «. 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. J6:25, 7:40. 8:15, ;9:35
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45, 4:50. 5:30 tj-45.'
10:20 p. m. . *
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. tS:10. 9:40 110-53.
Jll:*5 a. m.. 12:60. 2:30. $3:25; 4:40 :5 : 5o
«:55. 7:35. 10:20 d. m. . *"-av.
Trains marked (t) start from San Ouonur,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN PR4 v"
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 6:40. 7:45. 8--k"
0;45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5io t^'
10:40 p. m. " '•"*••
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m i--ia,
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55, 6:05, 7:10. 10'lOn m '
THROUGH TRAINS
.ta 7 t : iona a " m ' ™* day »- CMad «"> *«d way
5:15 p. m.. week daya (Saturday! exceDtorH
Tomales and way atatlona. e «epted)—
,UUo 5 M D - m " Batunta »— C "««n» and way
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 8 a m. r.,
dero and way atatlona. ¦ .\" • tax *-
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a m T»m™.
Reyes and way stations. fw^ lv *• m.. Point
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market sL
FERRY-Foot of Marktt st.
THE WEEKlFcALL
Si oer Year,
BAILWAT TKAVEI^ ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Qfate Una. Toot of M>rtet 8tf«— >
|L»ATK - r»OW JP»» M. 1W». - AMMXT*
7.00a htairU. fcuUun, 2lmlr» u>4 S»cr»-
mento Z*S*
JXSOh. VseaTllle. "WlBterm. Ram»«y. 7-»»
7J0a KarUnes, Saa Buna. V»il«J*
Nt.r*. C>llstoc>, B»ntA Roam. !-££*
730a Stln. LMbrop. Stockton j^... 7.2S*
8 00a D»rl»,WoortUDd. KnUbU LuncMn*.
JJsrTsrllle. OrorlUr. (cunneet*
•tMarysTlllo for Orldle j, Blss* _ _
•ndCWeo) .IS*
I CO 1 A*:»nt)cEi?T««»-Ogden«nd Z*m%. 10.26*
JCO* Fort Cocta. Martinez. AntlocJi. By
roa,Trscy,Sto«ktoD.Sacruxt«Bt<N
Los B«no«. Men<Jot%. Iliaford,
VUalta. Portorrnio m4.28»
84X) a Port Costa. Martinez. I^lbrop, Ho-
drsto. Merced. Fresno, Ooshea
JoocUon, Banford. VlsaU.1.
BakcnfleM ...... 6.25*
8.30a StaaiM Express— Davis. WtllUms
(for Bartlett SprtoRs). Willows,
tFrnto. Ued EluC. Portlsnd 7455»
8.30a KHea. 6*a Jon. UTermore. 8toet»
ton, Ion e. Saeramejito,Pl»cenr01o%
M«rj»TlI5», Cbtco, Ued Bluff 425»
8 30a Oakdaie. Cbtnes*. Jamestown. 8o-
nor*. Tuolorone and Angela ..... 4ZM
9 00a Martinet and Way Stations B.65»
10.00a Vallffjo.. 12.2S*
H0.00* CrevcentClty Exprem.. Xaatbotind.
— Port Ccsta, Byron, Traey. L«p
throp, Stockton. Merced. lUy- i
rncr.d. Fresno. Haafcrd, VlasUa, 'fl
Bakenflrld. Los AngeVM and f
Ve-w Orleans. (Tffstboiind «f
rtres as Pactflo Cout Express,
via Coant Line) #1SO
tO 00a Tbe Overland Llmttad — Ugdea,
Denyer. Omaha. Chlca^a... ...... 8za»
12-00it Hayvard. Titles and Way Stattaaa. 3-25*
ti.OOr Sacmmento Rr»«r Steamers-.^. ..tii.OO*
iZOr Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Wocxlland, Williams. Colnns.Wn-
lows. KalKbts Landlnir. Marya.
*11>. Orovllle and way ncatloni.. 1059*
S-ZOr Harward.KIlesandWarSUtlont.. 7 66»
4 COp Msrtlne».S*i> Kamoa.VsIIeJo,I7apa.
CallstoK*. Santa. B<»a. 9-2S»
4C0r l{arttnes.Tracy.LaUtrop.Stoektoa. 10.25a
4 OOr- Nlles. Ll»*rmors. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25jt
4i0r Bayward. S'Im. IrTlnston. Ban I t8.«5A .
Jose. Lrvennore.. f t11.C«V»
6C0r Tbe Owl LiTDited— Fresno. Talare.
Bakeisneld. Los Angelee; con-
nects at Baorns for Santa Bar- '
bar*. t-58*
6.CCT Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, U»
Btnos l?2f*
tSSCP Ktles. 8an Jose Local M .. 7.25*
800r Bsyward.Nllea and 6«n Joae. 10 25*
tXOr Oriental Mafl— Ofden. DenveT,
Omaba. 6t. Lonla. Chicago an4 . - -
Eaat. (Carries Pullman Car naa>
itBKtn osly ont of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
Baisenffers take 7.00 r. at. tnln
to Reno, continuing tbenee ta
thf lr ears 6 r.if. trata eastward.. 4.23s?
Wr«tt>onnd, Sunset Limited.—
From New Tork, Chicago. Krv
Orlesns, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Yrt too. Berenda. Baymond (from
Yo«emlte). Manrnez. ArriTea.. 8 23*
7. 00r fian Pablo. Port Costa, Martiaes
and Way Butlons... .............. 11.2S*
S7-OOF Vallejo 7.66»
JCOr Port Costa, Benleia, Salsna. Davis,
Bscranipnto. Trackee, Beao.
Stops at an stations east of
Sacramento 7- 55 a
8C5r Oregon <k CalXorofa Kxprifs— Sao-
rameoto, MarysTille, Heddlag,
• Portland. Paget Boand and SasU 8-55 a
tS.IQr Bayward. Nllea andEan Jose (3anr
day only) tii^Ba
11^8r Port Coiita, Trsey. Lathrop. Mo- .
desto, Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semlte). Fresno 12 2F»
Han ford. Yinall*. Bakersflcld 6-l&>
COAST LINE (^rr.- flitp).
<Foot of Market Street.)
X7j»6a Santa Cr>u Excnrslcn (Svadaj ~~*
only) t8.10»
8-1Sa Kewark. Centarrllle. Ssn Joa«,
F«lton. Poolaer Creek, Bant*
Crn> and Way Stations.. ......... 8 2S»
tt.lSr Hewark. Centerrille. Saa Jot«,
New Alroadrn.Lo« Gatot.Feltoa.
Bonlder Creek, Snnta Cms aad
Principal Way Buttons 19 55a
4.1fc> hewark. gaa Jose. Los Gatoa ami
way ftatloas (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Crnx. connects at ye'ton for
Boulder Creek. Monday only
from Santa Cnn) tg.SB<
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 8 AN t UAH CISCO. >oot of Market St. (Slip©
_ — t7:W »:0O 11:00 a.m. 1C0 3 CO 6.15 T.M.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — r«:0O tt:«
t8:(B 10:U>A.M. 12 QQ ?QQ 4X0r.«.
COAST LINE (Uroad 6«sf a).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a Ban Jose and Way Stations 7367
t/.COA San Jose and Way Statlooa..... ... t-30r
/7 00a New Almaden ..... y 4.1 Or
37.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excnr .
slon (Sunday only) t3-S>
•8.00a CoaatLrne Limited— StopaoalySaa
Jose.Gtlroy.HolIlster,PaJaro.Ca«-
troTtUe. Salinas. Baa Arrto, PaM
Bobles. Santa Margarita. 6aa Lola
Oblspo, (principal stations tbeace)
¦ Eaata Barbara, and Lea An-
Celes. Connection at CaatroTlll*
to and from Monterey aad Facias
Grcrre and at Pajaro north boaad
_ __ from Cipltola and Santa Crni.... tO.tSf
WO*. Baa Jose, Trea Pinos. Capitela.
£ no ta Cmi.PacI nc G roTe. Saltnaa,
Saa Lais Obtspo aad Principal
lntermediat* Btatloo* 4.10*
Westbennd only. Paclfio Coast Ki-
Br***.— From Sew Tork.CnlcAf o.
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Los la-
, _ ,„ celes, Santa Barbara. Arrtrea.. 1-30>
iS 52* B * B Jote kad W * T Stations. t.20*
11 -30a San Jose. Los Gatos and WaySta-
. ___ tlona M^ 5.3S*
• «ST 8 aa Joa« aad Way Stations...^.... X700r
«A*!Sr Ssn Jose and Way Stations l&4aU
lU.OOrDcl Monte Kxprrs*— Ssnta C!«rv • .
. • • . fian Jc»e, Del Monte. Moaterey,
' Pacific Orore (connects st Santa
" Clara for Santa Cru, Boulder
_ _„ Creek and Narrow Gange Point*) M2.18*
«»••» BnrUngsme. Ssa Mateo. Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May field.
Moantaln View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jose. Gllroy (eonnes>
ticn for BoUlster. Tres Plnos),
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
MUe, Capitola and Santa Cn»>.
Pacific Grrre and way statlooa.
Connects at CsstroTlUe for 8a>
-__ Haas 10.48*
**-3Ot San Jose ttJ »T St»t!on 8-JflA
otSXOr Baa Jose. (•»!• Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wrlgat sn«l Principal Way
".-"' SUUona W00»
•i&SOr BaaJosaandPrlnOpalWayStattoaa 18.00*
•;S.16i" fiaa Mateo,Bcresford,Beln>ont.8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto f5.48A
- 8 JCf Ban Jose and Way Stations 8-3A*
•7.00F finnset Limited, Battbound.— Saa
Lois ObUro. Santa Barbara. Los
ABCsies. Demlnc El Pano. Kew
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrlresTlsSiinJcaqalnVaZley)... rSrg*
8. COT Palo Alto sndWay Sullon 10-Isa
¦11401- Umbrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tloaa 19^8*
•11-80* Mlllbrae, Saa Jose and Way Sta-
. Uon« t3.48>
A for Morning. P for AUcraooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
¦ ( Stops at at] stations on Snaday.
1 Sunday ezcepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. „
a Connects at Goshea Je. with tratna for EaaforC
Vlaalla. At frreino. for VUalli* Tla Siajos.
•Tla Coast Line. J Tuesday and Friday,
aa Arrive Tla Mies, a Dally except Saturday.
avVia San Joaquln Valley.
1 6tops Santa Clara south bound only. ConsMaaV
except Sunday, for all points Narrow Csoft.
gjjoei not ims at YaifB*:.?* ti.
ADVEBTISZ2OINT3. ¦ • ¦
I i s go ld a t all the principal I
notels and cares, oh steamships and I
ake vessels, diniiig cars, et c . , and j
by agents and brancn offices or I
Jrabst Brewing tiompany in^ne lead* 1
ing" cities. Pabst Blue Ribbon §
I is rlilwaulcee's choicest brew and I
I ii i ri i ii I
I most popular brand or bottled beer |
I • i /. * i 1 "D 1 1 • 7 j i
I m the world, i^bst beer is a/tmyj 1 pure. 1 1
i -¦'•'" ' ' ' Orders filled by * ,.;tr.-v'^. ' ' ; - • ; '^-Vi>."- ; . | n
B ¦¦"¦¦'¦¦'¦¦'¦¦¦ l * Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. *^ ™^™ l^ >^ 1^ ||
_ |r BAIIWAT TBATEL.
Who Travels
in Tourist Cars?
Farmers, business men, mechanics, miners,
professional men — everybody but the very
rich and the very poor.
It's the "people's way," and that they r
know it is proven by the fact that eighty
per cent of the men and women who cross the 3
* * continent do so in tourist sleepers.
Rock Island tourist cars Icav; San Francisco for Chicago daily |
via El Pajo; for St. Louis, Mondays; for Memphis, Wednesdays. |
_ "Via Colorado" can leave 8 a. m. Wednadayj, '
— j~^^SSBj]||- jjp Saturdays and Sundays.
Call or write.
F. W. THOMPSON, General Western Agent,
|MjjfesL*SBg™nJ|glj 613 Market Street, San Francisco.Impatient ,; Lover, Will Wed, Girl^ of His Choice
This Afternoon ; in the Palace Hotel, '/George
Dawson Acting in the Capacity of Groomsman
FITZSIMMONS YIELDS
TO WILES OF CUPID
EX-CHAMPION PUGILIST AND
CHARMING WOMAN HE WILL
.MAKE 'HIS BRIDE.
Tedie Florence Tobin filed a suit for
divorce against Thomas A. Tpbln yester
day, alleging intemperance. W. A. Leg
gat is euing Florence Leggat for divorce
for desertion. Judge Murasky granted an
interlocutory 'decree of 'divorce' to Mary
A- Rhoton from Frank J. Rhoton for
cruelty. • . .
-In the Divorce Court.
I Becomes a Sailor.
James F. Graham, fifteen, years of age.
desired to pnlist in the navy, but .was
not allowed to do so ui.ress he could se
cure the consent of a parent or a guar
dian. The boy's parents are both' dead
and he has no guardian. Judge Murasky
consented to make M. J.- White of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children the youth's guardian and the
aspiring boy is now on Goat Island learn
ing how to become a Dewey. -,v.
A deed covering the transfer of the San
Francisco Stock Exchange building on
Pine street, near Montgomery, was re
corded yesterday. The document shows
that the property is conveyed" to , Marion
Leventritt by the Company of Associated
Stockbrokers for a consideration of
$300,000.
Stock Exchange Building Sold.
COLUMBIA PARK BOYS' , ' "^
' CLUB ENDS ITS TOUR
Major Peixotto Brings His Youthful
? Charges Back to City in Ex
cellent Condition;
The sixth annual'.walking tour <ft the
members of the Columbia Park Boys'
Club terminated 5 yesterday, when they
returned to the city under the direction
of Major Sidney S. Pelxotto', drganizer
and director of the club, all looking
hearty and strong and in good spirts.
During the tour to Eureka, Cal.. the boys
gave entertainments at various points
which were largely- attended.
Following wereNythe members of, the
club who took part In the vaudeville per
formances during the'tour:-
Herman Stein. Joseph McKeon. '/William
Prangr, Bert ¦ Talbott, • Charles Norton, Harry
O'Day.. Abe Appleton. John La veil, Walter
Rosencr Eugene Richards, Adolf . Muhelm,
Joseph 'Moriarty. Edward Penaluna. George
Hammer Albert Schneider. William McLaugh
lin William • Scott and Master Weinberg.
WILL PAY NO ATTENTION
TO MRS. GREENAN'S CHARGES
Mayor Schmitz Says Ousted Teacher
. Should Look to the Courts
for Redress.
( f Mayor Schmltz stated yesterday, that he
would pay no attention to the charges
of ', perjury and J slander ¦ made .against
School ' Director 1 Ma rk 4 by Mrs. \ Rebecca
Greenan, a former, teacher. in; the depart
ment l who , lost*. her place . after . a hearing.
* The; Mayor ; said ' Mrs." Green an > had ' been
bothering him- for: more ' than a> year jpast.
She had . filed V hlnr a", transcript of
the testimony fpf, her trial .which he ; 'had
returned - to her notwithstanding her as
sertion to.the\contrary.. . , ¦ t •
...The Mayor says -that^he: matter is one
for the courts to decide. _
Total ¦ Assessed Valuation.
« Formal announcement was made yester
day of the corrections made by. the 'Board
of Equalization'; and^ the; Assessor on t the
assessment i roll, 'showing that ,/ the ' total
assessed' valuation- of all kinds of property
is $427,515,347. ;, The ; itemized .< list- of 5 ,cor
rections ,was -printed' in Wednesday's Call
and "shows an- Increase' of $63,237 oveiv, the
original figure, $427,452.110. . , - . _ • .
Slayers of . A. B. Chinn
; Pay Penalty, of
: Crime.
Trade Shows Less Than
Usual of Midsum
mer Dullness.
' LEXINGTON, Ky., July 24.— Claude
O'Brien, and . Earle Whitney, boys ' in
years and, whose faces indicated nothing
of the criminal, were hanged here ¦ at ' S
o'clock ' thfs morning for the murder of
A. B.' Chlnn. . . J./fv: . • .
The boys ate a hearty breakfast and at
7:30 o'clock were. dressed for the scaffold.
Both were so calm that they elicited com
ment' from all the' officials. Two priests
at 6 o'clock administered . communion.
Both the condemned said they felt better
and were ready to die. ,. Whitney smiled
from the \ scaffold at the crowd. They
shook hands j with ; the j priest. . O'Brien's
lips moved in prayer as the rope was ad-
Justed. Both replied : they did* not have
anything 'to say. , .. i .
Early on the morning of October 12, 1902,
O'Brien '-arid Whitney entered the home of
A. B. Chlnn. a. wealthy merchant^ and an
ex-Confederate soldier,' and with revolv
ers in hand demanded j his money. Mrs.
Chlnn , screamed. , .Asa Chlrin hurried to
the door j of his parents' • room and the
burglars began shooting. > Asa also opened
fire. The elder Chlnn, sitting on the side
of .his bed," was ' shot rthrough the- body.
The boys -then ran from the room, over
the form of- Asa-: Chlnn. /who had been
phot and .was lying on the floor, using his
revolver: as' best he could: Whitney was
wounded, in- th« ileftr knee. The elder
Chlnn got up put of '-bed and went to the
door, where "he . dropped ' ; dead. ¦ I
The : boys t were , captured , a " few days
latec^near.here, but- owing, to rumors, of
lynching • were removed to - Louisville . for
safe keeping. 3 O'Brien was j IS ' years old
and his home ; was '- in* Memphis. Earle
Whitney, one ; year his : senior, has rela
tives In Nashville. -Tenn.
.For weeks past artisans have been in
dustriously plying their trades in the
premises. of. the Bay State Cafe, conduct
ed by Max Adler, at 29 Stockton street,
with such effect that this., familiar and
popular restaurant has taken on a fresh
ness and brilliancy that could. hardly be
excelled if entirely new. Those who know
a good^French dinner, and there are many
in town who-, do, will readily recall when
Mr. , Adler .first opened the Bay State
Cafe ten years ago and the Instantaneous
success that he met with in establishing
the best medium priced dinner In San
Francisco. .-•: His success was noteworthy
from the start because he knew what the
public wanted and furnished it at a price
that was always reasonable for the ser
vice rendered. • v
To keep pace with his constantly grow
ing patronage enlargement and Improve
ment* have been necessary and so- to-day
the Bay State Cafe makes its reappear
ance-remodeled and rehabilitated. No ex
pense has been spared in the decorations
of the place. The furniture, rugs,
carpets, * draperies and .fixtures are
all of -the, latest pattern and the
most famous makes. Probably the
most' impressive feature - of the recent
improvements; because most conspic
uous, is the large and comfortable dining
room, where .an elaborate scheme of dec
oration was planned and, effectively car
ried out, resulting in one of the most at
tractive-dining-rooms of the West.
To-day Mr. Adler will entertain in honor
of the active resumption of business and
to that end' has secured an orchestra,
whose - leader, ; Pietro Marino, is favorably
known as a musician of recognized abil
ity. A. -choice list of musical selections
will gratify the senses. Artistic decora
tions will charm the eye and dellciously
served= viands so effectively appeal to the
appetite that to-day should be memorable
in the annals of . the Bay State - Cafe.
Aside from the high character of substan
tial . foods . that will laden the tables of
Mr. Adler he announces. a list of vintages
and b;ers that are famous and reasonably
low priced. All the domestic and Import
ed beers, -as Culmbacher, Wurzburger,
Pilsener, ...will be constantly on draught,
while the Cresta Blanca white wines and
the Asti Wine Company's red. wines are
too well known to connoisseurs to require
other indorsement. .
Mr. when he founded the Bay
State Cafe, determined that his cuisine
should be ; of the highest order and that
it has '.been well sustained is evidenced
by his greatly increased patronage. His
family trade is enormous, while the large
theatrical patronage, always 'critical of
cooking, and service, bears mute evidence
of his ability to please 'the most exacting.
The leading furnishing houses of the city
have contributed to the appointments ¦ of
the modern restaurant. Among the firms
are t Nathan Dohrmann & Co.. Thos. H.
Day -Company,. Bare Bros, and John G.
iis&'-Co. :•¦¦ . ¦'.:¦' ' '. ¦ -•¦ ¦ ¦¦: ." ¦*.
Says -Wall Is. Unsafe.
Secretary-Barrett of the Board of Edu
cation notified, the Boird of Works yester
day, that the', northern wall of the old
Metropolitan Temple building is a menace
to the lives of the pupils attending the
Lincoln .School. \The; board is requested
to have an ' inspector examine the wall.
NEW TORK, July 24.— R. G. Dun ft
Co.'s weekly review of trade will say:
The tenor of dispatches from every section
of the country Indicated that there Is less
than the customary midsummer dullness In
business and collections are more promptly
met than usual. Earnings of railways reported
for July exceed last year's by 12.9 per cent.
Farm work \still retards retalr distribution of
merchandise In Western sections. ' Foreign
trade at this port for the past week shows
a gain of $2,369,209" In value of Imports. -<aa
compared -with the same week last year, while
exports decreased $502,022. Good - news . aa to
the progress being made toward settlement of
labor disputes was neutralized by the decline
In securities In so far as the Iron and steel
Industry Is concerned. There were many In
dications that the Interruption from strikes
would be less frequent In the future and there
was a general disposition- to sustain prices.
Footwear factories have much work tn sight,
buyers having placed orders freely. Thus far
there Is no reflection of this activity tn the
leather market. The unexpected happened • In.
the market for . woolens. It w«s confldently
believed that new lines of staples, ciece In
the yard goods, would be opened at fully main
tained quotations, but the American Woolen
Company reduced prices to about the same.
level as existed a year ago, despite -the ma
terial Increase In raw wools and several other
Items In the cost of production.. The cut was
evidently made to secure business rather than
because of any weakness In the market.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
Stock market liquidations at the expense of
Industry most affects sentiment and Ignores
but does not conceal Improvement tn the corn
and cotton- crops, a change for the better In
industrial condition* at New Tork and* other
disturbed centers and a contlnued^eheerful feel-
Ing in Western and Southwestern ¦ trade cir
cles The markets for the cereals also reflect
selling, but here,. the moving . feature U the
good crop advance . at . home and abroad and
the pressure of the excellent quality of , the
new wheat arrivals. The Iron and steel mar
kets* and those for other metals feel the reflex
action of depression tn securities, and buying
is closely restricted, even with dropping values.
- Trade reports are In harmony with. crop ad
*' The partial end of the building strike at
New York leads to hope* of a better bustnefti.
Wool Is firmer at the East, as manufacturers'
enter the market to cover sales of goods for
spring delivery, which are Improving.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week . aggregate 2.781.»K8 bushels. « agatnat
3 65* TS4 last week, and 3.980,9t3> bushels last
vear ' For three- weeks of the cereal year they
aggregate 8.815,182 bushels, against 12,160,308
"corn exports' for the week aggregate 1.301 .
338 bushels, against 1.402.404 last week and
70 611 bushels a year ago. For three weeks of
the present cereal. year they aggregate 4,428.
82« bushels, against 395.421 In 1902. ; •
Business failures In the United £taUa for the
week number 133. against 173 last week and
17S in the like week of 19O2.
In Canada for the week they were 20, against
13 last week and 17 a year aga^B|HB|' •
. LONDON. July 24.— Baron de Bush fe.ll befor*
a train this ¦ morning 'n«ar: Northampton and
died shortly afterward. He was traveling to
Scotland/ accompanied : by his'. wife. 'who ma
Miss Pauline Joram, tho American ¦ prim*
ti>r,n. **- sK9m tflfBff
BOBBERS TAKE MONEY :
;, AND LEAVE -THEIB TOOLS
LINCOLN. : ' July 24:— L. B. Hlnman's
general '• merchandise store : at Sheridan,
Placer -County, -was .entered by burglars
last night,, the safe was. blown ope'n and
$200 wasstole'nl "Quarter-Inch burrowing
drills ? were' used.' The safe- was covered
with sacks of, barley, to ' deaden the sound
of 'an! explosion. . The postomce and the
office '; of the -."VVells-Fargo Company are
located In 'the store.* .; - ..
% The.. robbery was- not . discovered t until
late this morning, arid aside from the fact
that '. several ; suspicious \ characters had
been i noticed,, about town, .there, are ,no
clews. The burglars left their drills and
braces-. In 'tha. store.'.: . . > ,
A" Pleasure . Shared
Is ;a pleasure 'doubled. .Take a Kodak
wltVyo'u on ; your .'outings . arid photograph
the scenes ¦ for j your friends 'at home. A
full line , of .'photograph supplies in the
photo 'department, at Sanbornv& Vail's,
741' Market street; • • ;} :•
BOY MURDERERS
DIE ON GALLOWS
STRIKES BECOME
LESS FREQUENT
Elaborate Preparations
to Fitly Celebrate
Reopening. . ,
A FAMOUS
RESTAURANT
ENTERTAINS
I find the weathrr here oppressive, and ehall
bo very glad. in4e««l. to be back where, though
the thermometer doe* range a few degrees
hlgtier, it Is not «o very oppressive.
w> had a Urge turnout of the men of, the
Society of Santiago de Cuba upon the fifth an
niversary of the American troops entering that
city, and *verythin« rituuied off in a most *ati«.
factory and pleasant manner. Th« parade was
* great euecess: quite a contingent of the regu
lar army was here, trooi*. coming from-Chl
«a«Si Cincinnati. Washington and frAtn the
I hop* things are moving with you satisfac
torily. «o that our prediction and promises of a
good time for our oli companions wlU be fully
maintained.
The business that brought me to Detroit is
over, and I start back to-day for 'the coast,
ptorping a coaple «»f diys en * route. I hay«
;wn on my »*>• over and here •- great many
<>rand Army tn^n. and they all express the
nplnion that grvat numbers will come out' In
August- The way m which they were received
seventeen years ago has not been forgotten,
and en all f! !¦•.<¦ I he#r It enoken of. I have
assured them that I believe their reception this
ye.ar will be at gratifying to them as It was In
1RR6.
Major General William R. Shafter.
commander of the department of Califor
nia and Nevada, who was at Detroit.
Mich., attending the reunion of the Soci
ety of the Army of Santiago de Cuba, of
which he is the chief officer, sends the
following letter to General Stone, chair
man of the general committee of the na
tional encampment. Grand Army of the
Republic:
DETROIT. Mich.. July 20. 1903.
My. Dear General Ktone: - •
LETTEH FROM SHAFTER.
A sxand chorus of 1000 mixed voices,
the largest perhaps ever hearu in this
city, is now being organized under the
direction of John W. McKenzie and will
be. heard in the old war songs at the
great concert to be given in honor of
the visiting veterans at the Mechanics'
Pavilion on the evening of August 19.
The committee tn charge cf the reception
and entertainment to the Grand Army
re-quests all patriots who wish to contri
bute to the entertainment of the honored
quests to join In that grand chorus and
send their names and address as early
as possible, to John W. McKenzie, 303
Larkin street, who will notify them of
the first rehearsal.
ENTERTAINMENT FUND.
The *ollowing additions to the enter
tainment fund have been received at
Grand Army executive committee head
quarters:
Amount heretofore r*>r>orte<l. $14,370; Hart
ford Fire Insurance Company, $100; Royal Ex
change Insurance Company. $50; Commercial
Union Insurance Com;. any, $0<>; National and
fcjjongfield Insurance Company. $50; Insurance
ioinjjany of North America, JZo; Watson. Tay
lor &. Sperry. ?25; Eriward E. Totter. J25;
Manheim. Dibbern & <"o.. f20; G. M. Mitchell
& Co., *25; Mor.f-alfgre 6c Co., $20; Prager
Company. $50; The Yellowstone, *ao; Union
Urug Company, $10; W. J. Dingeo. $ick>; Blyth
&. Trott. fi'i; W. H. B*at»y. ?Uo; James L.
Flood, flow; W. S. Townwnd, $10; George
Haas A. Son. $30: E. O. I>nnistcn. $10; Gul
llxzon Brothers, $1"; FYiednian & Co. <second
contribution), $15; E. L. Wagner, $10: Ascher
& Proffe. $10: Alexander Yoet & Co.. $10; The
Winchester. $5O; Western Meat Company, $5O;
IJ D. Wats. $10: The Wonder. $10; WHliard
Brothers, f!0; total. $15,340.
Two reviewing stands have been decided
ci>on for the two great parades to be held
on Tuesday, August IK and Wednesday.
August I?. The principal reviewing stand
will be located on Van Ness avenue and
oolden Gate avenue, directly in front of
the old Mercantile Library Aiilding, and
the second Ftar.d, smaller than the main
one, w'll be directly across the street
from the former. The two stands will
have a combined seating capacity for
1W0 persons.
17. The formal reception of dele
gates and representatives of kindred soci
eties will take place at the Mechanics*
Pavilion Tuesday evening, August 18.
Mayor Scfcmitz. on behalf of San Fran
cisco, and Governor Pardee. on behalf of
the State of Calif ornja. will welcome the
visitors. Remarks wjll also be made by
Thomas J. Stewart, commander In chief
G. A. R-; William R. Shafter. commander
cf the 3epartm*nt of California and Ne
vada, and George Stone, chairman of the
general committee of management.
Invitations were sent yesterday from
the executive committee to Governor Par
dee and Mayor Schmitz. Many of the
veterans will arrive in this city a day or
two before August 17. Several big dele
gations are scheduled to reach here Sat
urday, August 15.
Ransome Post of St. Louis, escorting
the department of Missouri will arrive
Sunday. August 16. and will be escorted
from the ferry to headquarters at the
Grand Hotel by George H. Thomas Post
tit this city.
THE day designated for the opening
of the thirty-seventh national en
campment of the Grand Army of
the Republic is Monday. August
; will have a train of 400 or more persons
for whom no lodgings have been engaged, and
they will want them, but I am not authorized
n ? nR ?nV hem -,. Penwn « having lodgings .to
rent will do well to meet us on our arrival.
There will be no lee* tfian 3000 Ohio people In
your city during the encampment, v
In a letter to the hotel committee re
ceived yesterday from Dr. A. C.OTengllng.
commander of the Department of Ohio.
Grand Army of the Republic, the com
mander writes as follows: '
The California Division has secured
headquarters at the Lick- House. It will
have them decorated and keep open house
all week and dispense California hospital
ity with a lavish hand, supply the visit
ors with California flowers, fruits and
wine; show them the sights of the city
and the surroundings, . take them on ex
cursions in the vicinity of the city and
the bay. and try to impress upon tho
6trangers that San Francisco Is the ideal
convention city. The Grand Army has ap
pointed a committee to supervise the
functions of the Sons of Veterans and
General R. H. Warfleld Is chairman of
that committee, working In conjunction
with the committee of the' Sons of Vet
erans, with the following officers: Chair
man. Frank R, Handley; secretary. F. B.
Wilson; quartermaster, D. S. Cahen; com
missary. Bert McCoy.
The Division of California, Sons of Vet
erans, is making ample preparation for
the reception and entertainment of the
visiting Sons o% Veterans. About 500
members of that flourishing and patriotic
organization are coming to spend a week
in San Francisco while the Grand Army
Is in camp and be with their j-elatlves
who are Identified .with th& Grand Army
or its kindred societies, and will enjoy
California hospitality under the auspices
of the Livision of California. San Fran
cisco failed to secure the national en
campment of that organization, which Is
to be held at Atlantic City, commencing
September 24, and the delegates deter
mined to visit California and taste of Its
famed glories. Commander In Chief
Frank Martin of Indianapolis. Ind.. and
his staff will be here, also the fraternal
relation committee., which will act in con
junction with a like committee of the
Grand Army, for the purpose of deciding
whether the Sons of Veterans' camps
shall become auxiliaries to or shall be ad
mitted to the meetings of the Grand
Army posts. The Grand Army will take
action on that proposition at the coming
session and the Sons of Veterans will re
port to the commander in chief of the en
campment.
Now, my dear general. I hope to be back
before the end of the month, and will then get
In and try- and help you. which, up to now, I
have not been very diligent in doing. 1 think.'
however. th*t fifteen day* will be ample time
to organize and get In working order the re
ception committee, of which I am chaliman.
¦With kind regards to all. I am very sincerely
yours. WILLIAM R. SHAFTER.
SONS OF VETERANS.
coast of the northern part of New Tork. To
these was added the National Guard of Michi
gan, who presented a very fine appearance. I
also. had the pleasure of reviewing again the
battalion of the First Infantry, my old regi
ment, which, after a lapse of thirty years, re
turns here for a 6econd tour of duty. We were
further greatly honored by the presence in the
parade, of a large number of the veterans of
the G. A. R.. who. although they marched a
little slower than the youngsters of "P8 (veter
ans, they call themselves), nevertheless pre
sented a very fine appearance from a military
j standpoint, to say nothing of their courtesy in
j honoring us with their presence, which, I hope.
I we shall be able to 'return next month. .
MEMBERS OF THE LADIES' GENERAL. COMMITTEE OF THE GRAND
ARMY WHO ARE TAKING A VERY ACTIVE INTEREST IN THE
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE NATIONAL ENCAMPMENT.
The board also submits a table showing
that the total cost' of- the -bond ¦issues* in
cluding interest. for 40 years at 3Vfc'per
cent per annum, will, aggregate $31,162,
830 39.- The -interest will decrease each
year ; by. $15,86? 13. ' y.. '. ~- V>~
with a full knowledge of the facts.
The ag^r^trate of costs for children's play
grounds Is ?741,OOO. These ;areas can be. ac
quired at no time In the future any cheaper
than at present, and the necessity for healthy,
open air exercise Is such as to warrant the im-\
mediate expenditure of. the sum above named.
The library and site are estimated to cost
$1,647,000. of which sum an offer is yet avail
able for S75O.0O0 for the building. This mat
ter has been so fully discussed that voters are
fully advlFed regarding its merits and de
merits. This board expresses a preference . to
seeing the public and law libraries housed at
less cost. in a fourth story and under a new
roof to the City Hall. •
Additional park areas, aggregating five In
number, call for an expenditure of $1,684,000.
It has been considered best to submit to 'the"
people the proposition of acquiring the. lots to
the northeast of. the Hall of Justice, and to
extend this building over. them to Dunbar al
ley, and also • to acquire the lots one-half
way from Dunbar alley to Montgomery street,
for a City and County Jail. . . .
. George Dawson of Chicago, who has
supported Fitzsimmons on more strenu
ous occasions, will be the gromsman. Miss
Glfford will be attended, by Miss Bertha
Darrell, who accompanied her from, trie
East Both are members of the same
theatrical company."
Fitzsimmons secured the marriage li
cense yesterday from "Cupid'.' Danforth.
While this is not the pugilist's first ven
ture in the matrimonial ring, he felt: the
need of. assistance, in the present, affair
and was accompanied by Justice of the
Peace Daniels and by Stanley Fay, who
materially aided- him in the preliminaries.
. "Fitz" • cave . his residence, as Benson
hurst, N. Y.. and his age as 41 years arid
his prospective bride's residence as 'New
York City and. her age as 23. . Miss 'Gif
ford is an actress, who has been playing
throughout the East In the musical com
edy, "When Johnny Comes Marching
Home." • • .
The wedding ceremony will be celebrat
ed this afternoon at 4' o'clock.- ¦-. - :
After securing the .license Fitzsimmons
and his prospective bride went sightsee
ing, driving about the city for several
hours. ¦ • ' ¦. ' * ¦ i ',
ROBERT FITZSIMMONS. the ex
champion pugilist, , will wed Miss
Julia May Glfford this afternoon.
The ceremony will be performed
by Judge Daniels at* the Palace
Hotel.
The additions called for in the list submitted
aggregate twenty-seven new buildi-igs and i-x
tensive additions to three existing buildings.
These have an aggregate capacity of over 300
•classrooms, with a seating capacity of over
18,000 pupils. About one-half of these new
buildings replace existing ones, some of which,
like the Lowell and Polytechnic high schools,
will become available for schools of lower
grade. In seventeen schools which .are pro
posed to be rebuilt, or 'added to, the number
of rooms Is raised from 112 to 23K. and the
seating capacity Is raised from about 6200 to
about 11,800. This Is of course Included in the
figures • previously given.
The estimate for a n«"w hospital calls for an
expenditure of f 1.000,000. . The plans have
been made to fit a site on the westerly slopes
of the Almshouse tract, set apart on June 27'
"ISKK), by. resolution No. 551. The grades of this
site necessitate placing the main gallery upon
a grade of nix per cent , (6-100). with which
gallery the wards and other-bunding* connect
The site Is not so advantageous as others now
owned by the city: much as. better hospital
facilities are needed, there • may be . doubts as
to the wisdom, of expending, ao large a sum
upon the site set apart. ,
The estimate for the improvement of accept
ed streets calls for an expenditure. of $1,021 -
000. the details of which will estimate and the
onntemplated Improvements are fully set forth
In the report of the CityrEngtneer. .Voters are
fully apprised of the necessities, and can vote
NEW SCHOOL BUILDINGS.
The proposition to establish children's play
grounds haB received some attention during the
last few years. The city at present maintains
one on leased land at the northeasterly corner
of Seventh and Harrison streets. Should bonds
be voted for the purpose two will be estab
lished—one in the northern section of the
city, the entire block of land Just north of
Washington Square, and one south of Market
i street, easterly from Seventh to Harriet street,
between Harrison and Bryant streets. The lo
i cation of these playgrounds,' In both Instances
! close by a public park, the one south of Mar
ket street being separated only by Harrison
street from Columbia Park, will add to the
popularity of parks as well as playgrounds.
The proposed extension of Golden Gate Park
northerly to the Presidio is to be effected by a
purchase of the several blocks of land lying
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth avenues.
The Park and the Presidio would be connected.
If this purchase be made, by a broad parked'
way, with a street upon each sfd». having a
total length of almost one mile. Not Including
the surface of the streets crossed by the ex
tension It would add nearly , twenty-four acres
to the park area. . ' ¦
The park in the Mission will be directly in
front of the Mission High School. . It will em->
brace the two blocks of land which extend
southerly from Eighteenth street to Twentieth,
between Dolores, and Church. •¦ . . • i
The establishment of ft Twin Peaks ' Park
will Insure the preservation of the Twin Peaks,,
which form such a beautiful limit to the In
land view along Market street, and which, by
reason of their altitude, slightly In excess of
9<X> feet, and their commanding position In al-
I most the exact geographical center of tho
'city, command a view that -deserves to be
world famed. A park 4n this location as pro
posed, with an area, of 161 acres, would, when
¦ well Improved, be sure to prove a popular
! pleasure ground.
The preservation of Telegraph Hill without
detriment to the business and commercial In
terests of the North Beach section will result
from the establishment of a Telegraph Hill
Park, as now proposed. The lands to be ac
1 quired are contiguous to Pioneer Park," which
Is a small park on the hill summit, donated to
the city some years ago by a number of pub
lic spirited citizens. - • •¦
By acquiring ownership of the lands along
and including the steep eastern and northern
! declivity of the hill the city will be in a posi
tion to control its ultimate shape. A limit
will be set to the hillside excavations. The
rugged slopes can be beautified by the planting
of trees and vines. The hWtop itself will ul
timately be made accessible by a winding
driveway and by a number of stairways. The
proposed bond issue Is for the purchase of the
necessary land. , •
The acquisition of land for a public park
between California and Bush streets, easterly
from Dupont street, has long been under con
sideration, and if established will be known as
St. Mary's Square.
The Board of Public Works transmitted
a letter to the Board of Supervisors in
which certain suggestions are made with
the hope that they may serve 'to direct
the thought and Judgment of voters to a
full consideration of them, and not only
to segregate the essential from the non
essential, but also to consider whether
the best 'possiDle sites have been selected,
and whether over-generous measures have
been made of some of, the actual necessi
ties. The letter savs further: . ' .
• In 1000, at the beginning of the studies, di
rected by the charter, as to the acquisition of
public necessities and utilities, the water sup-,
ply very properly occupied the first place, and
received the most attention and study. The
results of these studies have not yet been laid
before the citizens In full published form, so
that they are in a large measure In ignorance
of the very carefully worked out plans for
meeting this most pressing necessity of the
city. This vital matter has In some way been
allowed to fall in the rear, and does not ap
pear at all in the . list of projects to be sub
mitted to the voters. Water supply so far out
ranks all other matters, both In importance
and cost, that they could well be allowed to
rest until the water question had been settled.
The sewer system ranks next In Importance.
Its conditions and necessities have been fully
set before the public, so that voters may well
judge of their action In this matter.
New and more modern schoolhouses are un
questionably needed. Since the new charter
went Into effect, very great additions and im
provements have been made, and accommoda
tions have been added tnj the extent of over
•3000 seats, and a new fAirteen-room' school
house is In process of erection in Noe Valley.
PARKS AND PLAYGROUNDS.
The City Engineer also submitted maps
designating the proposed improvements,
accompanied' by the following statement
concerning the character of '. the work
which has not been previously published:
The plans and cost estimates include four
eight-room -brick -buildings, eight twelve
room brick buildings, three slxteen-room brick
building*, five eighteen-room brick buildings,
three eight-room frame buildings, one ten-room
frame building, one twelve-room frame build
ing, a flve-room addition to tne Crocker Gram
mar School, a four-room addition, to the Rich
mond Primary School, the Lowell High School
building, the Polytechnic High School and
Evening Technical School of Architecture and
Naval Design building; an annex to the Girls'
High School.
Tom : $18,135,000
ENGINEER .FILES MAPS.
The. Board of Public Works transmitted
to the Board of v Supervisors yesterday,
the report of City Engineer Grunsky cov
ering the plans and cost, estimates of
public improvements aggregating the sum
of J18.135.000, to *be made by a proposed
bond issue upon which the people will
vote In | September. The first named
board In a 'communication declares that
it is of the, opinion that the proposed Im
provements should have been allowed to
rest until the question , of a municipal
water supply had been settled. The esti
mated cost of each of the twelve proposed
improvements is contained In the follow
ing table:
Sewer system ........$ 7.250,000
Repaying accepted etreett 1,631.000
Children's playgrounds IV'Sxx
Extension, of Golden Gate Park %£•%$.
Telegraph Hill Park I SI' < 52
St. Mary's Square, £5'£X
Mlseion Park . .... . 29f .000
County Jail
Twin Peaks Park ..." 1B&.000
Public ' Ldbrary •" 1,«47,OUO
City and County Hospital 1> 959'9?9
New schoolhouses and Bites......... J.695,000
Would House Public Library
in Another Story on
Board of Works Thinks
Water Supply Should •
Executive Committee of Grand Army Encampment
Arranges Plan for Great Reception of Visitors.
Further Contributions to Entertainment Fund
FILES ESTIMATES
FOR BOND ISSUE
GOVERNOR AND THE MAYOR
WILL WELCOME VETERANS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JXJLY 25, 1903.
5
THE 'OLD HOMESTEAD.
¦ •¦¦ . ". • BY-' :.i*V^v:- -V'
. HENBY P. S1GITH.
The Art Supplement with the
Sunday « Call . of - July •-; 26 .'.will ;
make a most attractive picture
if ¦" framed with - three or j four
inch Flemish dark green oak
and powdered ' gold ornament a-
tions. -
-'¦';•¦;:¦;¦. 'v-:- i^f. , : < ; advertisements.
'. / - _^^ .-¦'¦-' * . ¦ ¦
H Ibun^ MotAesrm
Young married women must remem-
bier that tHe experience of 'maternity should!
not I be approached without careful physical j
preparation. _ *l
r AV capable ; mother must be a healthy mother j the birth of tha !
first child is an especially trying experience, and nature needs all tho
help it' can. get." - Correct and practical counsel is of the most vital fan- i
portahce *-to the would-be mother. Mrs. Pinkham's advice at such
tunes; together with Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com pound* have
guided many a young woman" through this trying experience "with the
Happiest possible results. Her. advice is that of a mother with an ex-
perience with thousands of such cases, and given entirely free. i
I Byl special permission we publish the following three letters, show-
ing the absolute necessity of proper care and advice at the time of
maternity. That of Mrs. Sexton illustrates t^e dangers of maternity.
That of Mrs. Hanson the suffering during the period; and that, of Mrs.
Massey the troubles that may beset a young mother after child-birth;
and they: all illustrate the wonderful value of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound in such cases. - >
'>flrs. Lilie Sexton, Ashland, Ky., Boyd Co., says.^l
" Dbab Mrs. Phtkham : — I wrote toyou'in Sept., 1900. I had been married
two years and had two miscarriages, one at six months and one at seren. My
organs were very weak. You advised me to use Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable .Compound, and I began at once and used 13 bottles.
"In June; 1901, 1 again expected to become a mother, and now I have a fine
baby girl, two months 1 old. I took the Compound all the time during preg-
nancy. I cannot praise your remedies enough." - % .
Mrs. Karianna Hanson, Box 343, Worthlngton, Minn., says: \
"Dear Mbs. Pixkham : — I feel it my duty to send you my sincere thanks
for your kind advice and for the good Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound and your letter of advice have done me.
1 " When I wrote you I did not see a well day. I was to become a mother,
and had headache, dizziness, poor appetite, was nervous, had pains and
cramps in abdomen and swollen feet. .
t " After following your advice I soon began to feel better. . When I had
taken four bottles' of Lydia E. P ink ham's vegre table Compound I felt
real well. My baby when three months' old weighed over twenty pounds.
- " I- cannot; praise your wonderful medicine enough, and would advise all
suffering . .joicn to write to you and use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound." j
firs, n.n.riassey, Sulphur Springs, Texas, says: *
; ." Deab Mks. Pijtxham : — I^will tell you what I think about Lydia E.
Pinkham's -Vegetable Compound. I think it is a wonderful medicine.
I believe it saved my life.. ¦ >
" When one of my children was just five weeks old I took a set-back and
came near dying. I was in bed two weeks. The doctor attended me about
a week and I got no better. My bowels would nearly kill me at times, only
easy '.when under tho influence of opiates. It seemed at times there were
knots. in my bowels as large as my fist. I had such pain in my left side.-' I
suffered as much as I did when my baby -was* born.
"I got a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound one
evening, and by tho next day I was nearly easy. I will always praise your
medicine." ¦ -*,..,'
¦ ¦< -..>•:.€/...,•...¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦"*;—¦%¦
Surely such endorsement should dispel doubt from the minds
of all hesitating: women. After reading- such letters* if any woman
is willing to remain sick, we can only say it is her own fault and
she deserves to suffer; for the medicine that has benefited these
women and a hundred thousand others will surely help you.
AkPflftfl FORFEITifwa cannot forthwith prodttM tho original tetUrt aad rffaatarea of
.IS H 1 1 1 1 9 9 &boro testimonials, which will prore their *bi olutfc g«nnin<meu.
WUUUU : Ly*l» E. Ptnlih*m MedtHi.g Co.. »vnn. Mm*.ACID-RESISTING INK-Bobkkeeper
City. The following recipe for acid-r«5«
ing Ink is from the Pharmacist: To good
nut sail ink add a solution of Prussian
blue dissolved in distilled water The ink
is greenish blue on using, but turns black
when dry- ' f '
Lieutenant Colonel J. McE. Hyde, quar
termaster general of this department, has
been ordered to St. Paul. Lieutenant
Cdloncl W. S. Patten will relieve Colonel
Hyde. A scuadron of the Twelfth Cav
alry arrived at the Presidio yesterday
from Fort Clark. Texas. ' Bids for th.%
construction of new , buildings at Forts
Mliey and Baker were- forwarded to the
War Department yesterday.
News in Army Circles.
PHOENIX PARK MURDERS-K W
and C. City. The killing of Lord Caven"
dish and Under Secretary Burke in Phoe
nix Park. Ireland., commonly called "the
Phoenix Park murders." occurred about 7
o'clock in the evening "of May 6 '1SS2
Trolley Ride for Druida.
The members of Hesperian Circle of tha
United Ancient Order of Druids will en
joy a trolley ride over the electric lines
to-night. There will be a procession of
cars led by the Hermosa. in which will
ride the membors. thefr friends and *lh
vited guests. After going over a twenty
mile route the party will stop, at the
ocean beach, where a luncheon will be
served. The affair will be In charge of
J. T. Kldd. W. J. Anderson. L. J. -Blot
and Mrs. Emma Wedemeycr.
. REDWOOD PARK-D. S. A.. Berkeley
Cal. The index of The Call for twelve
years past does not show any article on
,"a , Colonel Armstrong of Sonoma, Cal
offering to the State a section of redwood
land fora park."
CANADIAN ANGLICAN SYNOD— B
H., City: The first general synod of the
Church-of England In Canada was held in
Toronto, Ont., In 1SD3, closing on Septem
ber 20 after a two weeks' session!
x "NEW: YORK, July 24.—Callfornians ; in
NewiYork:
_ From "Sari -Francisco— E.\ K. Darrin, G.
Challerley, \ at the Grand ' Union ; : Mrs. ' A.
Head, Miss Head, at the Albemarle; J/T.
McDevitt.'a^the Gllsey; I*,H. Naghel.. at
the Manhattan: _\V. P. Klrby. at the Sin
clair; J.VA." Ormond,' at the Rdssmore; ' J.
H. Hart, at the Grand ; Mrs. ; 8. Sache,- at
the Imperial; the". Misses" Steele, at the
Calif ornians in? New York.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Callfornians
iii Washington: At;. the Raleigh— M. D.
Smith of San Francisco; at the Arlington
Henfcln& and wife of San Diego;
at the' Shoreham— 'Hattie N., Rood of San
.Francisco; at -' the 5 National— Alfred
Goss of San Francisco.
Calif ornians in Washington.
•t William H. Bray, the well-known actae.
anrivedi here i last . evening, from' Chicago,
where 'he has been playing a successful
season in "When Johnny ' Comes . March
ing Home." He : ia out - here on a . short
visit to his mother and will- leave, next
week for New York and will appear with
"Ed" Harrigan In "Under Cover."
W. K. Harris, a merchant of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
;W. 'I. Stump, a mining man of Bodega,
is at the Russ. '
Rev. E. de Wilde of Napoleonville, La.,
is* at -the Palace. -
F. Howell, proprietor . of a hotel in
Merced, is at. the Lick. \
R. E. Putney, a groccrVof .New Mexico,
is stopping at the Occidental.
E. P.* Dunn, proprietor of the Arlington
Hotel in Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
Joseph =' Campbell Jr., the well-known
wine man, and wife returned yesterday
from a .visit to the north and are regis
tered at the Palace. v
Judge 'James B: , Ricks of Taylorville,
111., a member ofVthe Supreme bench of
that State, arrived' from the East yes
terday and; is stopping at the Palace. '•
NOT IN THE CALI^-M. L,. S., City.
The picture asked about was not printed
in. The Call. .
Edward Hillenbrand, a native of Ger
many and a former soldier in the United
States regular army, was accidentally
killed recently on the railroad near Corta
Madera. Papers in his possession Arhen
he met his death show that he served in
and was honorably discharged from th'a
Third. Artillery band and Twelfth. Sev
enteenth and Eighteenth United States
Infantry regiments. Word was sent to
Grand Army Encampment headquarters
yesterday that as no money for his burial
was found the Marin County authorities
were about to place hta body In tha pot
ters' field. The sum of $40 to meet tha
charges for * caring for the body anci
transporting \lt to the Presidio national
cemetery for-> Interment was guarantee^
by the Grand Army committee. Officers
of "the United States army were notified
of the action of the committee and replied
that arrangements for proper burial
would be made.
Marin County Authorities Were
About to Place the Body in
Potters' Field.
MONEY IS GTJABANTEED
FOB SOLDIER'S BURIAL
MR. WILLIAM RANDOLPH HEARST,
¦member from the tenderloin and candidate
for the Presidency; has, not favored his
anxious and waiting country with an original opin
ion since he made department stores a Democratic
principle. and bravely and frankly indorsed them in a
letter to the. Missouri Democracy. The wild enthusi
asm which swept 'over the party like colic through the
transverse 7 colon of a boy who eats the too too green
apple should have encquraged Mr. William Randolph
Hearst to! open his alabaster box-and squeeze out a
few more drops of the, precious ointment, of his
wisdom, instead of which he- hied honeymooning to
Europe." - . •¦- • *.• •-.¦ .-¦•.¦•.
Looking back upon his beloved country in per
spective he saw something going on which imme
diately alarmed him. The President proposes an
extra session of Congress to. deal, among other
things,- with' the problem of.emergency currency and
its, distribution 1 so that business men can economi
cally use their credit remote from the financial cen
ters. The keen of Mr/ Wiliiam Randolph'Hearst
immediately detected a plot. One/of the currency
bills before Congress were introduced .by Senator Al
drich, whose daughter is the wife of -John D. Rocke
feller's son, therefore John D. Rockefeller has spoken
to his daughter-in-law/to ask her father to increase
the currency : of the country in T order that there may
be more money for her father-injlaw to put in his
pocket!. It is an inspiration! What /Other eye ; could
have seen this plot, what other nose smelled it, what
other ear heard it! •'
. It will be observed that in revealing it Mr. William
Randolph Hearst has pointed plainly the way to the
undoing of Rockefeller. ' Instead of giving that per
nicious person more money to put in his pocket
knock him out by abolishing money entirely! - When
that is done the currency which -Mr. William Ran
dolph Hearst sees bulging out his pockets .will, be of
no value and John- D. Rockefeller will have to hit the
pike and live-on handouts. •
This is genius. We have now two planks > made by
Mr. William 1 Randolph Hearst, like the man made his
pig trough, out of his own lieVd. They are : v y.
: Resolved, 'That' department* stores are a, cherished
Jeffersonian Democratic-principle.; . ,". '¦'-.'¦*'£',"¦' /¦'¦¦¦
Resolved,. That to abolish capitalists; capita! 'must
be abolished. No money, no"; Rockefeller.: \" V .' ; ; I
A CANDIDATE ON CURRENCY.
•The collapse of the machine on the very eve ot
what was expected to be a demonstration of its value
is but one more in the long list of failures on ,the
part of the experimenters with flying machines, and
it can hardly be said that it was looked upon by the
public as a disappointment. In fact, outside a limited
circle" of. scientists, there is no very sanguine hope
of the speedy attainment of aerial navigation by
means of a machine heavier than the air and driven
in its flight by an engine' which it carries with it.
For a long time there has been a more or less*
heated controversy between the advocates of dirigible
balloons and the supporters of the theory that the
navigation oPthe air can be effected only by a flying
machine. In the argument the' scientists \ have had
the best of it. Men of eminence like Professor Lang
ley, Professor Bell and Sir Hiram Maxim have given
strong reasons for believing that the dirigible balloon
can never be much more than a toy, while the flying
machine may be eventually made capable, of carrying
a considerable weight through the air and of holding
to its course against a heavy wind. Meantime the
dirigible balloon men, though beaten in argument,
have had a large measure of -success in the "field of
experiment. Santos Dumont, Lebaudy and others
have actually directed their balloons'through" the air,
have made considerable trips and returned in safety
to. the place, of starting. Therr balloons may not be
of much use for commercial purposes, but they have
certainly served to show that a balloon can be guided
in a* definite course through the air. and is not com
pletely subject to the course of an ordinary wind.
Recent reports from Paris are to the effect that
the sailing of dirigible balloons around the city has
become. so common that the police authorities have
found it* necessary to establish regulations for the
use Of balloons just as for the use of automobiles.
It is announced ¦ furthermore that pleasure^ trips in
balloons is becoming one of the fads of the day, and
a company has been. organized to establish a line of
balloons for trips over and around the' city." Santos
Dumont has declared a conviction that it is now pos
sible to construct a dirigible . balloon capable- of
crossing the Atlantic and carrying passengers. He
insist? that if a balloon as big as one of the great
Atlantic liners were constructed it would prove suc
cessful and would soon command all first-class pas-^
sengcr traffic, leaving to the water boats only freight
business and steerage travel. . ,
The general public will leave the controversy as to
the comparative; merits of the two methods o£ seek
ing aerial -navigation tothp experts: on either side.
Judgment will be pronounced not upon- argument,
but upon i ..the, results of experiment. At present/the'
scientists-have shown by clear; reasoning^ that ;'a diri
gible balloon cannot equal ah aeroplane or an"aero
drome, but in tht field of actual achievement they have ;
DAMAGE done to Professor Langlejvs aero
drome by the stprm that overtook it oh its
wa}' down. the Potomac to the grounds where
it was to be tested must have been much more serious
than was reported, for the test seems to have been
postponed indefinitely. Of late nothing has been
heard of the machine nor from the inventor, and it is
fair to conclude that some part of the machinery has
gone wrong and much time will be required in. re
pairing it or replacing it.
BALLOONS AND PLYING MACHINES
-Another former- member of the St. Louis House
of Delegates has been sentenced to a term of seven
years in the penitentiary for bribery. If this sort of
thing keeps up we will have a reasonable assurance
that when we visit the great exposition , we. may be
robbed only under the strict forms of law. All of the
unauthorized crooks will be in jail.
The regularly organized authorities chosen to rep
resent California at the St. Louis Exposition have
begun the task of collecting the ores which will show
the mineral wealth of the State. The duty is a vitally
important one and if properly performed will be evi
dence sufficient that the Golden State is without peer
in her marvelous mineral resources.
The officers of the Symphony Society
are: James W. Byrne, president; Willis
E. Davis, vice president; Robert Tolmle,
secretary: Shafter Howard, business man
ager, and W. H. Crocker. Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, Ahn Parrott and Dr. Harry
Tevis, directors.
August. '
Scheel's success has been very great In
the Eastern States and in New York and
Washington he has been tendered tre
mendous ovations. He will leave the lat
ter city for this coast on July 31.
These concerts will undoubtedly be as
fine as anv that have ever been given
here. The programmes will be varied and
of a most interesting character.
The San Francisco Symphony Society
is arranging a treat for the loveN. of
orchestral music. In the appearance of
no less a personace than Fritz Scheel.
famous hern during the midwinter fair
and famous in New York now. It is the
intention of the society to give a series
of ten concerts, beginning the middle of
San Francisco Symphony Society Haa
Arranged for Appearance of This
Eminent Conductor Here.
FRITZ SCHEEL TO I/EAD
SERIES OF CONCERTS
L. Scatena and family are spending
their summer at Sausallto. They have
leased the old Thomas mansion for the
season and have fitted up a tennis court
on the lawn. • Last Tuesday a special
luncheon Was given in honor of Ml3s Stel
la Fox, who is spending her vacation with
them. Cotillons and coaching parties
take up most of the time and the Scatenas
expect to be about the busiest of enter
tainers up till September, when they will
take their departure for Europe.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Jack Ross and a party of gentlemen
friends will spend two weeks at Camp
Idlewood on the Russian River. Fishing
and hunting are to be the chief pastimes.
Mr. Ross has the reputation of being a
first-class story teller and an admirable
host.
An Interesting wedding to take place
next Wednesday is tha^, of Miss Loretta
Nolan, daughter of P. F. Nolan of this
city, and Thomas J. O'Hara. son of the
well known capitalist of Los Angeles. The
•wedding will take place at Holy Cros3
Church, Rev. John McGlnty officiating.
The groom to be is a Stanford man and
has many friends throughout California.
The young couple will reside In Los An
geles.
Mrs. Dean and Miss Dean will spend
August at Tahoe, returning to Hotel Ra
fael In September.
Mrs. Walter E. Dean was hostess at a
pleasant eucher party at Hotel Rafael on
Thursday afternoon. Among those pres
ent we're Mrs. I* L. Baker, llfs. South
ard Hoffman. Mrs. Gwin. Miss Carrie
Gwln,< Mrs. Frank Johnson, Mrs. Fred
Green. Mrs. Adam Grant. Mrs. Somers,
Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Toy, Mr9. Sonntag. Mrs.
Walter L. Dean, MlswPearl Landers and
Miss Mabel Toy.
Miss Marie Voorhles entertained Mr.
and Mrs. Taber of Denver and Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Gray at dinner pn Thursday
evening, after which the party proceeded
to the theater. Mrs. Taber is in the city
paying a. visit to her sister, Mrs. Harry
Gray. . '..^: c,;r.. f .^ r
Among the cuests entertained by Mrs.
Van Wyck were: Mr. and Mrs. Sidney
Van Wyck, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Miss
Rodgers, Mrs. James L. Crittenden, Miss
Thompson, Dr. Crittenden Van Wyck.
Mr. Garnet, Miss Nina Crittenden.
PERSONAL. MENTION.
Mrs. Crittenden Van Wyck entertained^
the members of the Jefferson Davis
Chapter o^the Daughters of the Confedr
eracy at her home on Thursday evenljig.
Mrs. Van Wyck has taken an active in
terest in- the affairs of this organization,
of which she Is the president, and finds
the success of the work very gratifying.
Mr. and Mrs. George B. Sperry and Miss
Elsie Sperry left yesterday for Humboldt
County, where Uhey will pay a six weeks'
visit to the Hiram Smiths.
Mrs. Chester Smith entertained a pleas
ant little party of friends yesterday after
noon at her residence on Pacific avenue
and Locust street. The affair was en
tirely informal, a few intimate friends of
the hostess. being asked by telephone to
come in for afternoon tea. ... • '
The following relatives were present at
the anniversary- celebration: Mj 1 . and
Mrs. L. Rudolph. Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Daily, Mr. and Mrs. W.'M. Riordan. Mr.
and Mrs. William Gregory, J. P. Hartt.
R. T. Allison, Richard Williams. James
Williams/ L. -T. Delano, William Slim
mens, Ba'rnett Wolfskill, 8. Arnold, Cap
tain A. L. Rockwood, Professor Christie,
Miss Margaret Riordan, Miss Alma Ru
dolph, Miss Mary Gill and Master Leland
Delano.
Mr. Allison is 81 years of age while
Mrs. AHiaon is 71 years old.
evening; July 21. A large num
ber of guests were hospitably entertained
and during the- reception a musical pro
gramme was rendered by Professor Chris
tie and Miss Alma Rudolpu. The decora
tions were pretty and in good taste. .An
excellent suoper was served. -
Mr. and Mrs. Allison crossed the plains
from Howard County. Missouri, in 1850,
arriving at Fairfleld. Suisun Valley, the
same year, where Mr.' Allison went into
the hotel business. They remained thera
until 1867, when they moved to Woodland.
Yolo County, -where they resided until
1S83. Thev then came to San Francisco,
where they have resided ever since.
Mr. and Mrs. Allison have had nine
children, of whom three survive, they be
ing Mrs. I* Rudolph, Mrs. J. M. Daily
and R. T. Allison, all of whom reside in
San Francisco.
YZlAT R- AND MRS. JAMT2S G. AL.L.I-
I^ll SON celebrated • their golden
All we<JdIn S at their residence, 1003
•*-*¦ "Washington, street, on Tuesday
AGED COUPLE OF THIS CITY WHO CROSSED THE PLAINS FROM
MISSOURI IN 1860 AND WHO^CELEBRATED THE FIFTIETH ANNI
VERSARY OF THEIR MARRIAGE LAST TUESDAY. '
RUMORS of war arc so common and have been
rife so long in this peaceful world of ours .that
but little heed is given when a new one rises
and runs its course. Consequently the strained rela
tions between Russia and Japan and the often re
peated announcements that they are going. to fight
has had little effect upon the public mind. It has
been believed that in these days when the concert of
Europe is so powerful and the influence of the United
States is so strong a war between two powers of im
portance is well" nigh impossible. Nevertheless it
appears that we may have before the year is over
another proof that it is always the unexpected that
happens. Russia is pouring troops into Manchuria,
Japan is arming, and the situation is so serious that
Secretary Hay is reported to have deemed it fcdvisable
for him to intervene and make an effort to avert war.
If the war come it will find neither country pre
pared for it and neither government desirous of it.
Both Japan and Russia are troubled by a lack of
money. A costly war would b» a heavy disaster to
the victor as well as to the vanquished, and wars in
these day< of heavy armaments are of necessity costly.
The British found that out in their war with the
Boers, and the financiers of the world have taken due
note of the facL Still it has been said by Burke that
history affords no instance of a high spirited people
delaying war on account of a lack of money, nor of
one being beaten because of such a lack./ When men
get ready to fight they will fight, money or no money,
and it looks as if the Japanese and the Russians were"
rapidly getting into that frame of mind.
The people of Japan are convinced that their wel
fare depends upon keeping the Russians out of Korea
at all hazards and out of Manchuria if possible. They
do not relish the establishment of a great military
power on the coast opposite to their islands any more
than we- would relish the upbuilding of a strong Euro
pean military power, in Mexico. . Furthermore they
are convinced that if the fight is to come it will be
well for Japan to force it at once, as she is now about
as strong as she can hope to be, while Russia will
gain in strength as the years pass.
Japanese jealousy of Russia, however! is not greater
than Russian jealousy of Japan. A Russian news
paper published in Siberia and supposed to represent
the opinion of the Government recently said: "Why
is not this hysterical demand for Russian, evacuation
of Manchuria accompanied by an equally peremptory
protest against the continued presence of Japanese
troops jn Korea? In SeouJ the Korean Government
is overawed and Koreans are oppressed by Japanese
soldiery. This fact is perfectly well known in London
and Washington. % We are asked to evacuate Inkan
forthwith. Russia will listen to the request when the
Japanese withdraw from Chemulpo, Mosampo and
Zinanpo."
Forty years ago a quarrel of this kind between two
such nations as Japan and -Russia would have been
regarded by the civilized world with indifference, or
at least with nothing more than the interest which
mankind always feels in a fight of any kind whether
between two nstions or a bull and a bear. That
time has passed. The ties of commerce and of finan
cial interest have become cosmopolitan. London,
Paris, Berlin and Xew York would be affected by a
war in Manchuria or Korea almost as much as St.
Petersburg or Yokohama. Furthermore there are
political and military alliances reaching out from the
Orient to Western Europe that have to be taken into
account. Under certain conditions France might be
called upon to send her fleets to the assistance of
Russia, and should that happen Great'Britain would
be bound to help Japan. The war once begun might
therefore spread and become a very great war indeed.
Hence Europe no longer watches those far off quar
rels with indifference. Nor does the United States.
Hence the promptness of Secretary Hay to offer his
services in the interest of peace. '
RUSSIA AND JAPAN
SATURDAY , JULY 25.
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
l<<rti% All Ccmmunlcatlon* to W. S. LEAKE. Manooer
Ask /or THE CALL. *The Operator Will Connect
¦yy^oix With the Department You Wish. < •.;>
ri'BLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Thlrd^ S. K.
EDITORIAL R0OM» 21T to. S2l Sterennon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct3.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms br Hall. Including Post*«« (Cath With Order):
DAILT CALL (inciudja* Sunday), on* rear «8.00
DAILT CALL ilncludlns Sur.<!ay). « montht..: 4.00
DAJLT CALL— B> Single Jlonth .'. 'Oc
SUNDAY CALL. On« Tear.... -- 80
WEEKLT CALL. On* Tt*r *- ot>
f'Dallr.-- fS.SO Per Tear Extra
,FOREION POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
' . T I TF*«Uly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
\, All Poitmaiteri are aatborlced to receive
subscriptions.
Bample ceplei will be forwarded when requeitwL
M*:i *ubecrlbere in ordering change of address should b*
psrUcular to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDKEPS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with tbtlr request.
OAKLAND OFFICR.
1118 Broadnar ....Telephone Main ios:t
• ? HERKBLBY jbFFICK .
2148 Center Street. ...... ..Telephone North 77
C. GEORGE ICROGM3SS. Manajcer Foreign Adrer
tlxlns. Mnrqofllr Hutldlnc Chiraso.
(Lock Distance Telephone •'Central 2619.* 1 )
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOBTOS E. CRAXE 1406 G Street, ST." W.
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATI\TC:
STEHinX II. SMITH 3O Trllinne Baildina;
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT-.
C C. CARLTO> Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astorta Hotel; A. BreaUno, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRASCH OFFICES—^27 McntKcroery. coiner of Clay, open
until 8.50 o'clock. 300 Hayen, open until 0:3<> o'clock. 033
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. Gift Larkln. open until
9:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, opes until io o'clock. 2'JCl
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh. » pen until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ur.ttl 9 o'clock. 1200 Flllnaorc. cpen until !> p. m.
The statement of Dr. \\*ley was of course intended
only as*a heat' reply to German criticism on the
new law^and is not, to be understood as a serious de
scription of it's nature; ', It was not Resigned as '¦ a
means of retaliation against any foreign country." > It;
is neither a law, of-; '/measure for. measure" nor ;of
"sausage fdn sausage." ; It: is a protection to the peo
ple of the United States .against the importation of
\ adulterated articles* of food or drink. ¦¦ Indirectly it
will benefit the American^ producer of v wholesome (
'goods by ridding him of an unfair competition, but
| otherwise it will .riot affect" trade, nor will it injure
I any legitimate, trade ; of, Germany or any. other na
tion. . " ..' • :••*';; ,- • " '¦''¦'¦'-/ ' "
It appears, however, that the Germans have been
j more extensively engaged than any other people in
j the export to this country of deleterious or falsely
i'labeled goods. They have sent to us large quantities
, of. stuff that the producers or manufacturers arc not
I permitted to sell in German markets. -The trade of
r that kind has been very, large. A. Washington re
' port says that under the new "law "German sausage,
sparkling and still wines, salt, beverages, beer and
other 'food products will be rejected, and ff not taken
back to the port from which the cargoes were shipped
j they will be.destroyed.rTow seriously, this will affect
i German trade relations with us may be. gathered from
! the, fact that imports of sparkling and still wines from
that country amount annually to more than $1,300,
000: imports of hops to more' than $600,000; of
malted liquors- to nearly $200,000; of sausages to
nearly $200,000; of sausage casings to $190,000,- while
various other imports of foodstuffs from Germany,
aggregating several millions annually, will be severely
To put a stop to that kind of traffic will not do
the legitimate industries of Germany any harm. Still
if some of them should suffer a little Germany would
have'no right to complain. It is well known that
American fruits and meats have been shut ; out of
German markets -time and again most unjustly un
der the pretense that, they were, deleterious. We do
not intend to put' any* such injustice' upon them, but
if we did, as Dr. Wiley says, it would be no more'
than a case of "sausage for sausage."
D-R. WILEY, of the* chemical bureau of the
\ Department , of Agriculture, having '¦:: been
, askedwhat, if any, right Germany has to pro
test-against the ..pure "food enacted at the late
session. of^Congress, replied that she has
none, and that so} far as} the two countries are ' con
cerned-fhe-3a\v. is simply a case, of ''measure for
measure,"* or "-''sausage for sausage. "- The Germans
have for. a long time excluded frbm > their- markets
several kinds^ of i American food products .-on the
groundthat they were :adulteratcd| x or were preserved
by the use of dangerous/chemicals, and now we are
about to apply 'a treatment to German
products. ¦ . . V . "'- • • :
SAUSAGE t OR" SAUSAGE.
Perhaps to .demonstrate that man holds nothing in
nature as- sacred -,a. tourist, profane, reckless and'ir
reverent, has entered the Yosemite in an automobile.
He 'Should have, hesitated- and -remembeFed that :his
machine belongs to other places, to suggest the dis
agreeable . and to enforce a thought of evil upon all
who see it. . s
According to the statements filed by the
company with Wolf, its total income for
1902 amounted to $9,660,473 49. Its total dis
bursements for the year were $5,054,337 58.
leaving a balance of $4,603.933 91.
The statement shows that after all lia
bilities are accounted for the company ha s
a gross surplus of $513,020 VI.
The late General Clunie was the general ad
viser of the company and he finally became
tired of the dilatory methods of Wolf. Thl»
company has always been willing and Is st.U
prepared to furnish Wolf with all Informa
tion he destres, but we cannot get a. definite
statement from him as to what ha objects to
and our enly resource Is to go Into the courts.
We have not been refused a license in\ any
other State In which we have applied for a
license to do business and we cannot under
stand why Wolf should refuse to let ua do
business In California.
GEN. CLT7NIE WAS ADVISES.
I am not satisfied with the statement of th»
company and until I am I cannot issue tha
license. I presume that the law allows me to
use my discretion In the matter, but I am
prepared to make my reasons known when
this matter comes into court.
C, M. Oakley. State manager for the In
surance company, said: '
" "We applied to Insurance Commissioner Wolf
last October for a license to do business la
California. For many years we operated a* aa
assessment company, but when we reorganized
aa a level premium compan> we desired to get
a license on that basis. We flied our applica
tion with Wolf and also a. copy of our financial
statement. This statement had been passed
upon by Francis Hendrlcks. superintendent of
Insurance of N>w York. The statement showed
that this company was perfectly solvent. Wolf
was not satisfied with certain of th« entries
and he asked us for more information. W»
furnished this to him. but he put us oft agala
and still claimed that he wai not satisfied
with our statement.
When Wolf was asked to give hid spe
cific reasons for declining to Issue a li
cense he replied that he did not care to
make them public at this time. He said:
The Mutual Reserve Company applied to ma
last October tor a license to do business In
California. It flled a statement of its business
wtth me. but 1 wu not satisfied with certain
entries. I aaked for an explanation, but -the
one given me was still unsatisfactory. I hav»
not refused to grant a license to th« company.
but feel that I cannot do so ufltli certain things
are explained to me. ,
WOLF IS l/0T SATISFIED.
The writ of mandate was issued by Pre
siding Judge Murasky and made return
able before- Judge Seawell on the morning
of August 10 at 10 o'clock.
In the complaint flied yesterday th? in
surance tomrany* claims that it had fully
compiled with the laws of California and
has. filed a copy of its assets and liabili
ties, ghdwing that It was fully solv-i-.it
ii&d tha.t the Insurance Commissioner ha*
declined to issue the license- as asked lev.
The claim Is also made that on a*coun*
cf the refusal of Wolf to issne tho li
cense il'v tempany has been daniijciU to
the extent of $50,000.
The Mutual Reserve Company was for
merly an assessment company, but In
1062 rt.was reorganized as a "level prem
ium company" arid secured a license in
New York to carry on its business.
- Insurance Commissioner m Wolf made the
following statement yesterday regarding
the suit:
The Mutual Reserve Life Insurance
Company of New fork brought suit yes
terday in the Superior Court against ota.*
Insurance Commissioner Myron Wolf.
as-king for an alternative wrlt^f man
date to compel Wolf to ls£i:e a license to
tlie company authorizing it to carry en
business In this State, and also to recover
th6 sutj of $30.0iX) damage j from Wolf.
AH of this keen. and able effort to injure. the Presi
dent is to be taken as the highest testimony to his
ability, courage and fidelity. He finds law,s which
enforced limit the power of the trusts for /harm
while leaving it unimpaired to do what they may be
capable .of doing. He has enforced the law, hence
this cunning attack upon him. which will not deceive
many people nor affect the result. •
Harpers' Weekly' advises that Mr. Bryan be treated
gently and politely. The party must win, it.Says.by
repudiation of his politics, but by' retaining his alle
giance and support. Therefore the' buffets'of politi
cal fortune which beat upon him must be softened by
praise of his great abilities and> flattery so»thing .to
his vanity. Every departure of the party from Bryan
ism is. hailed with gladness. The.- Iowa* convention
was quite smothered in. bouquets, and the hand of
the trust was never more plainly shown than in. the
apologv for the anti-trust plank in its platform. - It
was explained that the' Imakers of that plank were
aware of the impossibility of making it work in prac
tice, therefore it was adopted to soothe public senti
ment ?nd is to be considered as merely for decorative
purposes. . .
But these journals, daily, weekly and monthly, do
not, rely solely ;1p^n a negative position to reduce
the influence of lhc President. They, both push and
pull. The friendliest hand held out io the Democrats
is theirs. No opportunity is lost to commend the
conservative past of the .Democratic party and to
urge that it seek success by a conservative 'future.
Mr. Cleveland is constantly commended as the ideal
pf conservatism, and it is. repeatedly shown that he
or a candidate whom he will actively support .has «a
chance to carry the pivotal States of New Jersey,
Xew York. Connecticut and Indiana.
T> HE Harper publications, like the New York
¦Sun and,_scveral other popular -daily,' Weekly
and monthly journals in the East, belong to
Mr. ]. P. Morgan and other -gentlemen- who are
vitally -interested in the great capitalizations called
trusts. A study of the political' columns of those
'publications is of interest because it reveals the high
order of talent which their owners can command "and
the use of that talent, in the most-subtle manner,, to
undermine' President Roosevelt...
¦ ; When the court decided the railroad merger ad
versely to Mr. HjH the Sun treated it editorially in a
?,tyle that showed riot,'only talent but genius and was
aimed at the political! vitals of the President with a'
deadly intent. Since then the method of attack has
undergone a change, apparently with* a view of con
sulting public opinion and deflecting it by going with
it. instead,, of trying to head it off and turn it aside.
What fhe President /does is indorsed, but immediately
following, ..the indorsement it is pointed out how ; the
same thing might have been better done, or that the
suggestion of the method was derived from precedent
if the action were excellent.
The studied effort to minimize the personality of
the President, tc impugn his motives, and when credit
cannot" be withheld froni an act to represent it as
copied from some one else, is very apparent, and yet
'it is all ably done arid so subtly that theireader who
constantly absorbs it and is not on guard against it
is finally infected by its spirit and is "worked" just
as the promoters of this style of attack intend he
shall be. • JW \ .*'¦',:
THE VOICE OP THE TRUST
accomplished little: NProfessor; Bell with his; aero
plane kites has done wonderful 'things,- so haye : Lang
ley anfK Maxim with their models, but when the ma
chines "are brought "forth j^to fly something always
happens. 'It -seems., to be another case in which the
aeroplane may say: to- the balloon, "To-day is for. y-ou
and to-morrow for riie, 1 ' while the balloon will. reply,
"When will to-morrow ever be?'-' ; \Viv
COMMISSIONER
WOLF IS SUED
FOR DAMAGES
GOLDEN WEDDING DAY
JOYFULLY CELEBRATED
1HE.SAK FEAKCISCO CALL, SATUHDAY, : JULY 25, 1903.
Special information 'supplied dally to
business houses and- public men by th*
Tt&s Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia stre jt. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glaoe fruits and
candles. 30c a pound. In artlstlo fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
> Astronomers tell us 'thatUhe.tail of the newly,dis
covered comet which, is .wending ' its devious way
across the '.sky js.atjeast'threemillion hiiles long. .If
the erratic visitor should; slide our way what a lovely
lisbiue old mother earth miehVeet : from that* tail*
, Scarcely a week passes thatiwe do not receive some
new and encouraging evidence that Hawaii is im
bibing the spirit of. American institutions and thriving
into^splendid republican 'manhood.' It is now facing
a. governmental 'deficit that. 1 would stagger a Tepublic.
weather of the summer is the Polar bear, while the
only -one that has been prostrated is a Bengal tiger.
He is <jaqted as saying: "The bear doesn't lie around
on the icej he sprawls out in the hot sun and likes it.
The tiger -was brought up under a sizzling, sun, but
hV couldn't stand this.- He just keeled over and
pawed tiie'aiF." Philadelphia is now wondering
whether she ought to try to explain the paradox on
some scientific theory or call the' zoo man a liar" and
let it'go afihat."' ; >..
The keeper of the" zoo at Philadelphia says the
animal that has stood most equably the severe hot
An entertainment will be given at the
African Zlon Methodist Episcopal Church.
Stockton street, at 8 o'clock on Wednes
day evening, • July 29. the object being to
raise sufficient money wherewUh to re
pair the edifice. The church, in the early
history of California, was directed by the
late Thomas Starr King.
To Repair Historical Church.
FLAVORED TEA-M. C. Citv It I.
said that the Chinese flavor tea by nlae
Ing in the cannister an angel flower to
one pound of tea and keep the cannister
tightly covered:. that they also place jose
leaves in the cannister. or. to every pound
of tea add one drop of attar of roses'.
Navarre: J.F. Valentine, at the Broad
way Central.
From Los Angeles— L. s. Enderaon at
the Grand Union; J. S. Underwood, at' the
Kensington: H. B. Hall, at the. Herald
Square; Miss A. Keefe, at the ' Park'Ave
nue.'
- From. San Jose-R. Sweetman, at the
Rossmore. HI mi im Jin
6Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sau
Francisco Bay. • i>ubUsh*d *>> clfloial au
thority of the Suiysrinterulen*.' ¦¦ :
NOTE — The > high and jjw waters occur t.t
the city, front (Mission-j*tr«et wharf) about
twenty-five minutes late" than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is' the same at both places.
: SATURDAY, JULY 25.
Sun rises 5:00
Sun . sets .".* : ' 7 :20
Moon sets "....¦........ ......8:05 p. m.
0 Time ¦ iTlmel Time Timel
g..i Ft. 1 "Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H W| L W H W
25 5:81—1.112:63 6.3 0:561 2.3! I... .7
HW L W HW ••- L W
26 0:05 6.0 6:36—0.8 1:35 5.5 6:51 2.1
27 1-00 5.B 7:20—0.3 2:15 5.6 7:52 l.»
28 2:02 5.2 8:0« 0.3 2:59 5.7 8:58 , 1.7
: 2» 3-CS 4.7 S:56 0.» 'fl:4;i 5.6 10:00 l.«
30 4:16 4.3 0:50 1.5 4:32 5.e|ll:ll 1.3
1 NOTK— In '; the above ¦ exposition , of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column • and the successive tides of ; th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but. three Udet. as
fcometlmes occurs. The heights given art In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted ¦ from - the ' depth given . by
the = ¦ charts. . The . plane of reference U the
, mean of the lower low waters.
Pen -Comfort
Means pleasure, if you have bought a
fountain pen to fit your hand. To fit
your hand it is necessary to buy where all
grades of the best makes are in stock.
The "Waterman," "Swan" and "Mar
shall" fill every want. Prices, $1 00 to
$5 00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7U Mar
ket street. v
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrozranhlc Office. U." S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 24, 1003.
The time ball was not dropped to-day.
Mechanism under repair.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., nl charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
F. II. Leggctti Humbolilt .Hay I July 25
iltuUtWXUUkZi fc>aul«: |July 2<"»
Xewburg San i'edro iJuly 25
Pomona Humboldt IJuly 20
Argo Eel River Ports July 25
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. .'July 25
Rival Wlllapa Harbor IJuly 25
¦^ontara Seattle IJuly 25
Iaqua Humboldt Bay :..|July 20
Acme Sluslaw River July 2<J
M.^iv 'Oyster Harbor July 26
i!. Dcllar j Everett | July 2fi
Tltania 1 Nanalrno Uuly 2tf
Mlneola Tacoma | July 21
Fan Pedro... Huraboldt [July 2»>
Kureka Humboldt IJuly 20
Queen Puget Scund Ports IJuly 2U
>rc^ta C003 Bay & Pt. Orford. July 2(1
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor July 27
Phoenix Mendoelno & Pt.Arena July 27
Hamburg & Way Ports|July ' 27
S. Barbaf*... San Pedro jJuly 27
S.Monica San Ptdro |July 27
Chehahs Grays Harbor iJuly i~t
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... July 27
State of Cal.. San Diego tc Way Ports July 27
Coronado Grays Harbor July 28
North Fork... Htimboldt July 28
Corona Humboldt ...IJuly '2S
Czarina Coos Bay |July 28
Curacao Mexican Ports | July -2s»
City Para.... New York via Panama. July M>
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports July 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... July 20
Centennial... Seattle &. Tacoma July 2»
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way PortsUuly 30
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports IJuly SI
Siberia China «: Japan IJuly 31
Clavering..... China & Japan IJuly 31
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...'. |July 31
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. lAug. 1
Denderoh.... Seattle |Aug. 1
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria [Aug. 3
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom....JAug. 4
\ .TO SAIL.
I Steamer. Destination. Sai!s.| Pier.
"^ July 25. j
Samoa...... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pier -2
Newburg.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Chico Coqullle River 8 pm Pier 2
Olympic Wnatcom & Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla.... puget Sound Ports. U am Pier 9
City Sydney. N. Y. via Panama. 12 nt|Pier 10
Alumcda.... Honolulu Uam|Pler 7
Jnly 20.
S. Rosa..... San Dl*go & Way.. 0 am Pier 19
San Pedro.. Lea Anseles Ports. 4 pm Pier I
Jnly 27.
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Montara.... Seattle I 4 pm Pier —
Argo Eel Klver Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona. Huntoldt .|l:30 p|Pler 10
G.W.EUler.. Astoria & Portland|ll amlPler 24
Pt. Arena... Point Arena I 4 pmfPler 2
July 2S.
S Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Huraboldt U am Pier 13
Arcata...... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 4 pmlPler 13
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 0 am|Pler 10
Lothian China & Japan.... 1 pm|PUr 11
Coos Bay... Newport & Wa>.. U pmifler XV
Argyll Nome direct
.Inly 21>. ',
Arctic.'..... Humboldt ......... 0 am Pier 10
Phoenix.... F: Arena & Mnd'no 1 pm Pier 13
J. Dollar Seattle &.Tacema..|lo amtPler 2
Iaqua...... Humboldt | 0 am|Pler 2
Rival....... Wtllopa Hnrb^r....! 4 pni Pier Z
Jnly 30. I
Corona...... Humboldt jl:30 p Pier 10
State of Cai. San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 13
yueen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier v»
Jnly 31. ¦
North Fork. .Humboldt ......... 9 am |Pler 2
N Mam.... China & Japan.... 1 pmlPier 4W
Nevadan.... Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
August 1. ¦ ".
Ramotia."... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pl«r 10
Columbia... Aswla & Portland 11 amiPter 2*
Newport. ... N. Y. via Panama 12 m|Pier 40
Auaust 3. ¦ . "1
Centennial.. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 amlPler 2
.4nK»Nt -1. j. .......
City Puebta Puget ; Sound Ports. H am|Pier 9
Alliance.. .. Eureka &. Coos, Bay| ...... |..... ...
. FROM' SEATTLE. *i-*i
Steamer. \ i " 0T ' -\ V SalU.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 28*
Farallon. ..'... Skagway, & Way Ports. July . 20
Dolphin...... Skagway •¦ & Way Ports. July 2a
Nome City... Cooks- Inlet & Way Pts July. 2J
CttyTopeka.. Kkogway & Way Ports. July JO
Meteor. ...... Nome & St. Michael.".. July 31
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael... Au*. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. I
Altec. .. . . : . . Nome.. Aug. 1
Cottage City. . Skagway.& Way. Ports. lAug. 3
Spokane...... Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 4
Roanoke... . .. Nome & St. Michael... iAu*. »
Al-Kl. . .-. . . . . Skagway & Way Ports. I Aug. 4
•Dlrlgo..:..... Ska«way<A Way Ports) Aug. 4
Scnatcr. ..... Nome '. .': ............ . .|Auc. - .»
Bertha. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts| Aug. 7 .
Part of Pious Fund Arrives.
The subtreasury In this city has Just
received the sum of $223,000 In Mexicah
money as first payment on the Pious fund
of $1,420,000. The silver will be recoined
into Philippine dollars at the mint and
sent to Manila. . *
Why Not See the Stars?
A visit *to the Lick Observatory at ¦ Mt.
Hamilton is one of the trips that all Cal
ifornlnns should make. The big tele
scope is open to the public every Satur
day night. The trip to San Jose, stopping
at Hotel Vendome, the headquarters for
Lick Observatory, a delightful stage ride
to the summit of Mt. Hamilton and re
turn by moonlight— here is an experience
long to be remembered. It is getting to
be the popular thing to organize parties
for the "see the stars" outing. .
Disputes Are Settled.
The Supreme Court issued an order
yesterday compelling J. B. Doyle, Auditor
of Tuolumne County, to recognize G. L.
Adams as Sheriff. The petitioner did not
qualify at the proper time and was ap
pointed Sheriff of the county subsequently
by the Board of Supervisors. Doyle held
that the action was not legal. The court
also declared that the will of Henrietta
S. Calef was valid. Mabel C. Cootey con
tended that the testator was not sane at
the time a portio/i of the will was written.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 24— Stmr
Santa Barbara, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Sailed July 23 — Stmr Humboldt,
for Skagway. .. .
ASTORIA — Arrived July 24 — Stmr Columbia,
hence July 22.
Sailed July 24 — Br ship Rhuddlan Castle, for
Algoa Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 23— Schr Ed
ward R W€«t, for Cape Town.
Arrived July 24— Schr John F Miller, from
Ventura.
UMPQUA— Sailetl July 22— Schr Lucy, for
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed July 23 — Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco. July 24 — Stmr Alli
ance, for Coos Bay and Portland, Or; bark
Haydn Brown, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 24 — Stmr Iaqua, hence July 23;
Btmr Eureka, hence July 23.
Arrived Juiy 24— Stmr North Fork, hence
July 22: bktn James Johnson, from Honolulu;
bark Tidal Wave, from San Pedro; echr Bertha
Dolbeer. from San Pedro.
. Sailed July 24— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
KEDONDO — Arrived July 24^ — Stmr Santa
Monica, from Port Los Angeles; stmr Lakme,
from Eureka. ' -- -,
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 24 — Sttnr Santa
Barbara," from Port Los Angeles ; stmr Alca
zar, from Mendocino.
Sailed July 24— Stmr "Whltesboro. for San
FrancUco; «chr- Marlon, for Wlllapa Harbor;
¦chr Endeavor, for Port Townsend; echr Emma
Utter, for Coos Bay. : v
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 24— Bktn Arago,
for San Franctaco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS. July 24, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 10 miles p»r hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN
June 20. lat IS S, Ion 35 W. Br ship Aus
trasla. from Antwerp, for San Francisco, ant
not as before reported.
Stmr Scotia, Krlckson, Mendocino. ¦
Stmr Navarro, Weber. Blhlers Point.
Stmr Cella. Devltt, Albion.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, Monterey.
Ger stmr Herodot, Kagelmacher, Hamburg
and way ports.
Schr Bessie K, Mcrriam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Scar At>bl<\ Larson, Point Arena.
Schr Defender. Hellingsen. Mahukona.' : " ¦-,
Schr Jennie Thelln. Schmidt. Tillamook Bay.
Friday, July 24,
Ftmr Ramona, Eagle?, San Pedro.
Strnr Corona, Johnson, Eureka. ¦
Stmr Prentlsn, Ahlstrom, Snn Pedro.
Stmr (JiDsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
SAILED
CLEARED.
Friday, July 24.
Stmr Santa Rcsa, Alexander; San Diego; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co.
Ger stmr Herodot, Kagelmacher, Hamburg
and way ports; J D Spreckela & Bros Co.
Fr bark Falklrk. Heln-.s. Burrard Inlet; "W
R Grace & Co.
Schr Defender, Hclllngsen, Mahukona; Hind,
Rolph & Co.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka;
bound to Monterey; put in to land passengers.
Fr bark Brlzeux, Gourio, 64 days from Syd
ney.
Schr Helene, Christiansen, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Volunteer, Bressem, 6 dayo from Coos
Bay.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6 days from Umpo.ua
River. 1
Schr Wfn Bowden, Ferem, 31 days from
Honolulu.
Friday, J*ily 24.
fitmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
MrndcM im .
Stmr Prentlrs. Ahlstrom, 38 hours from Cres
cent City; bound couth; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Shea. CltJ hours from
Portland, via Astoria fiOVi hours.
Stmr Pasadena, RasmuFs:n, 16 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Chico, Jensen. 67*4 hours from Ban
don. Or.
Stmr CoQUllle River, Dart, SO hours from
Eureka.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Xo Chile — 170 bbls flour, 50 cs whisky, 6 ctls
wheat. 152 cs salmon. 50 bxs Foap. SIS pkgs
tank material. 107b pigs lead, 127 pkgs rope,
2 pkgs machinery.
To Holland— 2?.. Ill lbs prunes, 710 cs canned
fruit, 11 cs household goods.
To Belgium — 3120 gals apricot pulp and 20 c*
honey.
To Germany — (8t.931 lbs prunes, 68.143 lbs
assorted dried fruits. 7C0 cs canned fruit.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried cargo which was laden at Seattle and
Tacoma. valued at $24,151. and consisting
chiefly of Hour, lumber and coal.
To Peru— 250 bli'.s flour. 1120 ct'.s barley.
10S.SC0 lbs malt. 111 culs wine. 15 cs canned
goods, 2106 lbs shrimps, C7 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 102 bdls rope, 17,t!5tS'lbs tallow. 0
cs shoes. 15 drums sulphlc acid, 15,529 rail
road ties.
To Central America— 300 bbls flour, 1090 irals
wine, 30,000 lbs salt, 10 crts potatoes, 54 gals
liquors, «S gals whisky, 150 lbs meal. 4148 ft
lumber, 110 cs coal oil. 173 cs gasoline. 4 cs
tar, :tw oars, 1 «eam launch, 1 pkg agricultu
ral implements.
To Ecuador — 1775 bbls flour. 1350 rals wine,
47 cs canned goeds, 21 pkss grcx-eriea and pro
visions, 2370 lbs lard. 208 cs canned salmon.
i:toO lbs ham, 100 colls rope, 13 pkgs paper, 5U
bdls! brooms.
whisky, 20 gals 2 cs brandy, 108 cs canned
goods. 10 cs mineral water, 000 lbs Bpices. 10
Pkgs groceries and provisions, 457 lbs butter.
<?6,11S ft lumber. 12S0 bdis shocks. «0 bdls
laths. 17 pkgs Ice plant. 2 pkga machinery. 13
pkgs dry goods./ .765 kegs 42 rs powder. 1S3U
lbs raisins, 2144 Us lead pipe. 500 eheets Iron,
4 pes steel, in pkgs electrical supplies, 23S
kegs nails. U bales ba<r*. 42 pkgs mlllwork.
22sa lbs soda. 22 crts cakum, 47 pkga paints
and oils. "S pUgs shoo findings, 4 pkgs ma
chinery. •
Movements of Steamers.
The attention of the Government Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers has been called to the
morning races in which th» capttatns of the
ferrr-boats Tiburon and Cazadero have been
of late indulging. Both boats are due here
about S:3O. Each skipper tries his best to
make his slip first, and in the effort boats and
the lives of passenger.* are said to have been
seriously jeopardized fevers! times. Ths cap
tains of the Thoroughfare and Transit a short
while ago gave practical Illustration of the
fruits of this kind of Indulgence, and the in
spectors have been appealed to to enforce their
authority in curbing the recklessness of the
men responsible for the Tiburon and Cazadero.
Racing' of Ferry-Boats.
Rear Admiral S. W. Terry will leave for
his new station at Honolulu to-day, a passenger
on the Octanlc Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda. Rev. W. M. Kincald of the Central
Unlcn Church, Honolulu, will also leave on tne
Alameda, and among the other passengers will
be M. Hockheimer of this city, who, with his
wife, daughter and niece. Is starting on a tour
cf the world.
Alameda Sails To-Day.
The French bark Brlzeux, which arrived yes
terday from Sydney, came across In sixty-four
days, one of the smartest passages made in
some time. She brought 1708 tons of coke and
1115 tons of coal.
French Bark's Smart Trip.
Fire threatened the destruction of Ppear
strett wharf for a while yesterday afternoon,
but, through the prompt response of the depart
ment to the alarm, the loss was limited to
about (00. The fire was located underneath
the dock and, had it not been checked promptly,
the recent conflagration at Fremont street
would bave been repeated.
Fire Threatens Wharf.
Takes tho First of the Games Trans
ferred to Montana.
ETA^'DING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. Li Pet.
ls» Angeles.. r.4 :-: Cji|p a n Fraa 45 *:i .511
Butt* "'2 ".1 .<".12 Tacoma 3«> 60 .4I»
Spokane SI "I .*V*t Salt Lake... 7 11 .389
Seattle 45 4t» .51*3 Helena 30 52 .3C6
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. July 24.— The first
of the Helena.- Los Anir*>lMi frames transferred
here was an olever.-lnning affair. In the fifth
a wild throw by Dunn permitted the Callfor
r.lans to tie the score. A nuestionable decision
by Umpire Warner in rallir.s a foul ball fair
In the eleventh permitted the Angela to rccre
the winning runs. Score:
R. H. E.
Lc« Angeles 000 12 000003 — *i 11 3
Helena. 10 0 1 IOOOOO «>— 3 * 8 2
Batteries— StrickMt end Hildcbrand; Putt
tnann end Carrisch.
SPOKATCE. Wash.. July 24.— Roach waa
given a sever* drubbing by th* Indians this
afternoon. He was found safely oighteen
tim^s. Slael* held th«« visitors down to seven
tcattered hit«. Attendance 1033. Score:
Fpokane OOO202OO o — 4 ""is 1
Butte ©OO 1 t» © O o 0 — 1 7 0
Batteries — Slagle and Zalugkoy; Roach and
Swindells. Umpire — Hasten.
S.ALT LAKE. Utsh. July 24 — The feature
of to-day'e came waj" Marshall's wonderful
ovfT-the-ffnre hit, giving him a hom<? run.
Martin Oicndon pitched a grrat game and was
a<T"jr<Jed cood support. Atu-ndance. 2-T00.
San Francisco... O 0 2 4 0 0 0 0 x— 6' 14 1
Bait Lake o o o 1 O 3 o o u — 4 iu a
Batt'-rles — Glendon and Zearfosa; Lundbom
end Shea. Umpir* — Coglan.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 24.— The locals could
not hit St. Vrain to-day when hits would
fount. The Seattle team la badly cripple.
e.
F»-aUI* .I00O0O0O O—l 5 3
Tacoma 03401 HO 0 — 5 0 : ;' 3
Batteries— Maupin and Stanley; St. Vrain
and Jiycn. Umpire — 23ahaBcy-
CHICAGO, July 24.— Two fculldinga of the
Omaha Packing Company at Lumber and Hal
t<tead fctr»-«-is were destroyed by fire to-day.
Los*. tlUt.m/0.
LOS ANGELES A VICTOR.
General Tight Is Started at Portland
by Graham and Others.
rORTLAXD. Ju'.y 24.— Portland won to
fiay's game from Sacramento by bunching hits
off Cutter, while Thif-lman h«"M the Senators
down to eix ecattf-red hits. Croll -was put out
of the came In the fifth fcr v.rar.g!:ns and in
me seventh a general fipht was started and
Oraham was put off the grounds for striking
Umpire Levy. Score:
R. H. E.
Portland 0 0 0 3 0 0 3 2 x — 8 14 1
Pacranicr.to 10000000 0 — 16 3
Batteries — Tfaielman and Hf-ss; Cutter, Gra
hera and Ho^an. Umpire — Levy. Attendance.
3000.
SEATTLE. Ju!y 24. — Seattle beat Oakland
this af'.prnoon beca-jse of Lee's sifts of bases
en balls, mixed in with heavy hitting in the
fifth, after waich Cooper waa eubstltuted.
. Mohler'e work was a etar performance. Score:
R. H. E.
Feej.t!» 0 0003020 x — 5 9 0
Oakland 000 12 0000 — 3 9 3
Batteries — Sample ar.d Cornlscr; Lee, Cooper
and Lcbcan.
TJUPIBE LEVY ASSAULTED.
Totals. r.s 0 K»^c 14^
•Rcss out: hit by tatted ball.
RUNS AXD HITS BT [KXX2COS.
Los AT4rHe« 2 C 3 0 2 0 0 0 1 14
Base hits 2 3 4 1 2 0 0 O 3—15
Ean F-ancIsco <• 1 © 0 2 O 0 3 0 6
Ease hits I S O o 2 0 1 3 0 10
SUMMARY.
S-.clen base*— Hoy 2. YThc-*I*r, Smith. Dillon
3. Cravati. Thre<»-bfise hit — Cravath. Errors —
Herr. Krug, Cravath. Toman 2. Irwin, Kelly.
Two-hase hits— Meany, Hoy. Dillon. Smith,
haenfice hit— Wheeler. First base f>n errors —
Pan Francisco 2. L,?* Angelee 1. Fim base
on called balls — Off Hr-rr 2. off Hodson 1, off
«*ort*nt ". L«?ft on bases — San Francisco 3. Los
Anjrcle* 5. Struck out — F?y Hoison 1, by Ccr
l>ett 3. Hit by pitcher — Smith. Irwin 2.
Double play — r-illcn to Spies to Smith to Cor
tett to Dillon to Cravath. Passed ball— Kelly.
Ha.«e hits — Off Heir ft. off Hodson «. Time
«f game — Ore hour ZZ> minutes. Umpire —
lm-ln,Sb 3 1114 Smith.Sb C 2 2 2 4
Leaby.e 1 O O O 0 Dllla.lb 5 2 2 12 1
T>ch 2b-!f S O 0 1 4 Crav. rf 4 1 1 4 0
Kjt.lb-cf 5 1 1 a 1 ItoFS, If 5 0 2 1 O
r^l,lb-2b 5 2 2 10 0 T..man. a S 2 2 1 1
KI!y.c-lb 4 12 3 0 . c l>iem c 5 1 1 4 1
Uerr p.. 1 O 1 0 l;Corb*tt.p5 1110
"W'ri.ir-cf 4 0 2 10. Tota!s.42 14 15 27 12
Hdscn. p20OO0
ETAXDIXG OK THE CLTJBS.
<Pac!3c Coast Learue-)
W. U Prt.' ' CT '- I*- Pct 
!*>• Angeles.. «3 37 .<V.O Portland ....40 &4 .426
6*n Fran Cl 4S .."¦'• Seattle 42 57 .424
Eacramento. . .&6 47 .:/»! Oakland 45 67 .402
"vThat opened t:p like a rattling good
Ham© of ball turned out to be an. awful
delusion after the first round yesterday
afternoon at Kccreation park. Tommy
Leahy ¦wrenched his shoulder in tho first
inhtey in a vain attempt to slide back
to the safety cf tie first bag. This neces
sitated a chajipe all along the line of
the Karris defense. The Angrels simply
Trent through the line and battered It to
pieces to the music of 14 to 6.
The Angels opened the contest by bat
ting out a pair cf tallies. Then the home
team got busy in their half and it ap
peared something was about to come off.
£hay walked and Mcany soaked one for
two bags. Then Leahy hit to Dillon, who
whipped the ball to the plate. Shay was
run down. The baU was then returned
to first and Leahy fell a victim to the
wiles cf Dillon. Injuring himself while
eliding to the bag.
Then the whole team went to pieces.
It was necessary to put Kelly behind the
bat, Krug at nret and Whalcn in the out
field. This did not work well at all. so
Deln-.as was shifted to first and Lynea
came In and played second, Krug being
chased again to the outfield and Hodson
relieving Herr on the slab.
It was no use. for the Angels were
there 10 win and they batted In runs at
any cost. They stole bases at will, for
Kelly could not throw. The hotae team
hit Corbett hard all the time, btit he was
rot triyng to pitch when the Angels got
about ten runs to the good. The score:
San Francisco — j Los Angeles —
AB. B. EX. P. A. AB. H. H. P. A.
ffcay. s... 4 0 0 5 4 Hoy. cf 5 S 3^.2 O
Mocr.y.rf 4 112 0 Wh»^I.2b 3 3 10 5
Thp schooner Defender Palled yesttrday for
lionoipu and Puako, via Mahukona. with sn
assorted merchandise cargo valued at $13,0*5::
and including the following:
900 Mj!b flour. 101.V ctl« barley, 3«.2«7 lbs
bran. Su-tales hay, 10.470 lbs middlings, 105
ctls wheat, 4OS1 lbs oat£. 20 pkRs potatoes and
onion*. VJ pkgs frech vegetables, 446 lbs ham
and bacon. 1 pkg raisins. 22 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 7 pkgs mlllstuffs, i 1200 lbs
lard. 54 r* canned goods. 10 bales salt, 15 bxs
paste. 3442 lbs bread, Mi.'.O ft lumber, WUi
gals distillate, CO cs gasoline, 350 cs coal oil.
18 bdl« tank -material, 85 bales bags. 36 rks
coal. 10 colls rope. «Utt lbs zinc, 10<> bbls lime,
1 pkg machinery. S3 pkgs paints and oils, 800
bdls chingles. ISO bbls cement. 58 pkgs agri
cultural Implements. 23 ukgs steel and iron,
lUX) ft wire rope, 40 kegs nails. ."-¦{ pkgs mill
work, 4 pkgs drugs, 2 pkgs machinery. >-''.
The British bark Astoria is chartered for
lumlxr from Pucet Sound to Valparaiso, for
orders (Pteagua liance), at ."JOs;- Swedish ship
Afhild, same voyage at 32s Od (2s Od less dl-
A Cargo for Hawaii.
The Norwegian bark C. Tobias was char
tered T rtior to arrival for redwood from Ku
rf-ka to Melbournp, at 47s fid.
The rate of reinsurance on the Helen Brewer
ia; advanced yesterday to SO r*T cent.
«.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Captain Hyde of the freight ferry steamer
Lagunitas yesterday picked up a white- painted
gig off Kort Point. The boat w*s about seven
teen feet long, had rudder and cushion on board
and a two-inch painter. -The boat in Captain
Hyde's opinion is about six months old.
Bate Advances.
Picks Up Derelict Gig.
To Mexico— 218 bbl« flour. 321G lbs ham and
bacon, 1V-2 jralfc wine. 1481 lbs cheese, 13.OU0
lbs rice. £00 lbs beans, 2S7 pkgs potatoes. 12
pkgs onions. 18 cs salmon, 116 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 14 bxs pacte, 779 lbs bread. 14
pkra dried fruit, 41 pkgs fresh fruits and vege
tables. 1M» lbs xnlllstuffs, 119 gals 34 cs
The German steamer Herodot of the Kosmos
line sailed yesterday for Hamburg and way
ports with & general merchandise cargo laden
at this port and consigned to the port of des
tination and the crinclpal oorts of call. The
cargo waa valued at *T0.5:« and was dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico. $10,405; Cen
trsl America. $52<>4; Ecuador. $9757; Peru. $13..
l-.i.'i; Chile, fll,t>41; Holland, $3410; Belgium,
$380; 'Germany. $9513. . The leading export*
were as follows: ¦ •-
Cargo by the Kosmos Liner.
The schools close in the beginning of Juno
and open again In the latter part of July. As
so many families go to the country merely for
the benefit of their children, the result Is that
around the Fourth of July hoMdays the resorts
and summer boardlng-houee3 are taxed to tiwlr
full limit to take care of the guests. During
the week following many return, which con
tinues till near the month'* end. This relieves
the holiday congestion and the many who
could not be accommodated at that thn« can
easily be taken care of from now on.
No time ia better for an outing In Marln.
Sonoma. Mendoclno and Lake counties than
July, August and September. The evenings are
invariably j>le»*ant. There the San Francircan
can sit out In the open air till late, pleasure
he never enjoys at home. The water In tha
rivers, streams and lakes are wa'ra for bath-
Ing, and It ia a time when the fish bite moat
readily, besides/, till the end of August is the
open wascn for deer In . Sonoma County and
until the end of September In Mendoclno
County.
Those who could not be accommodated over
the holidays, and those who can now get away
from business, ran easily find a location for
their outing by consulting "Vacation l'M>3,"
Issued by the California Northwestern Rail
way. Hotels, . resorts, homes for cummer
boarders and camping spots are all given In
this book, together with the surroundings,
terms, etc. .To be procured at tho company's
offices or In answer to a mall request. •
«»|r^HE steam schooner Francis H.
! Leggett. which will be due here to-
II day from Eureka, is bringing the
largest cargo of lumber ever
brought down the coast by a ves
sel of her class. She has on board 1,300,000
feet of lumber. After discharging this
she will proceed to Portland and from
there tow to this port a huge raft of logs,
one of two just completed and now ready
for the ocean trip.
The last log raft which was towed here
is said to have proved not nearly so
profitable as generally supposed. The
raft arrived cr.d was to all appearances
Intact. Many^of the logs spared by the
waves, however, turned out to have been
riddled by teredos and Instead of mak
ing good piling material proved of value
only as firewood. The construction of the
raft occupied about six months and after
Its arrival here many of the piles re
mained long in the water. The teredos
wasted not a moment and with their busy
augers spoiled thousands of feet of sound
lumber and bored holes In the profits of
an otherwise successful venture. In view
of what happened to the last raft con-
Fiderable interest is being manifested In
the fate of the one now awaiting the Leg-,
gett.
In shipping circles generally there Is a
strong feeling against ocean raft towing,
owing to the danger the rafts, in the
event of breaking up, constitute to navi
gation. If the teredos' ravages should
act to put a stop to the practice the
hitherto despised worm will In many quar
ters be regarded as a beneficial parasite
fit to be classed with those friendly shore
bugs that are doing so much to rid the
State's orchards of destructive insects.
TATOOSH— Passed July 24— Stmr South
Portland, hence July 20. for Seattle.
Paaeed out July 24 — Schr Ok&nogan, from
Port Gamble, for Manila.
Paused In July 24— Stmr Edith, hence July
21, for Seattle.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed July 24— Stmr Arca
ta, for San Francisco: schr Guide, for San
Francisco.
FOKT BRAGG— Arrived July 24— Stmr Na
tional City. h«nc« July 23. I
CASPAR — Arrived July 24 — Stmr South
Coast, hence July 23.
! Sailed July 24— Stmr Samoa, for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived July 24 — Stmr
State of California, hence July 23, and sailed
for Ban Dt»co.
PORT TOWXSEND — Arrived July 24 — Bchr
Boreal Is, from Shanghai; bark Charmer, hence
July 2.
ISLAND POUTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 20-Schr Minnie
A Calne. from Newcastle, Au*; ahlp TUHe E
Starb>ick, from Newcastle, Aua.
Sailed July 23— Schr Mildred, fcr Port Town
send; Ger bark Paul Isenberg. for Taltal.
KIHEI— Arrived July 2t>— Stmr AVhlttier.
hence July H. with bktn Fullerton In tow,
hence July 8.
FOREIGN TORTS.
' DUNGENESS— Passed July 22— Br ship
Thistlebank, from Antwerp, for Port Los An
geles.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 22— Br bark
FoKarshlre. for Honolulu.
To «all Julv i5 — Sc-hr Commerce, .for Hilo.
Sailed July "4 — Bktn Labalna, for Honolulu.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 24 — Bktn Hawaii,
hence Julv 'i.; stmr Tremor.t. from Hongkong.
Sailed July 21— Br Btnir illowera, for Syd
ney.
HAKODATE— Sailed July 23— Bktn Ama
zon, for Honolulu.
1'OItT SAID — Arrived July 24 — Spanish atmr
Isla d» Luzon, from Manila,, for Liverpool; V>t,
stmr Queen Alexandra, from Norfolk, for Ma
nila.
CHEMAirCUS— Arrived July 24— Bktn Ha
waii, hence July '-.
T. J. Newman, proprietor of a" sailors*
boarding-house at 76 Jackson street, ap
peared before^ Police Judge Cabanlss yes
terday on a charge of battery committed
last Monday morning upon Arthur Cham
bers, a clerk in the office of the British
Consul, and during- his examination by
hla attorney. Archie Campbell, he made
serious charges against the British Con
sul. He admitted, however, • that he had
no witnesses' to corroborate him.
The complaining witness testified that
Newman went to the consulate on Mon
uay morning with some sailors from the
ship' Drummuir "who -were to be paid off
and Newman . used very insulting and
abusive language. When remonstrated
with he put his elbow against Chambers"
throat and pushed him. aside continuing
his abuse. Chambers denied that he had
ever spoken to the defendant before and
hadnothlnff to do with himl
Newman was called to the stand and he
claimed that the officials at -the consulate
Intended to 10b the sailors and he went
with them to protect their richts. He
said as a Drooof of the animus of the
consulate officials against him thai the
British Consul had called upon him sev
eral times and had told him that his sal
ary was Insufficient to keep up his social
position and suggested that Newman pay
him $5 for each sailor shipped from New
man's place so as to get the protection
of the consulate.
"I rejected this proposal." continued
Newman, , "and told the British Consul
that if there was any robbery of sailors
to be done I could do it myself. I ship
about 100 sailors a month and that would
have meant 1500 to the Consul. _ There
was no one present at these conversations
except myself and the Consul. After my
repeated refusals, letters bearing the
stamp of the consulate were sent to all
the British ship captains in port request
ing them not to send any men to my
place."
In cross-examination Newman readily
admitted that he had conducted himself
in a boisterous manner at the consulate
on Monday morning;that he had accused
the officials of .robbing sailors and had
pushed Chambers aside.
Three sailors of the Drummuir were
called to the stand and they all testified
they received their full pay at the con
sulate and had no idea of being robbed
till Newman had mentioned it to them.
The Judge said he would take the mat
ter under advisement till Monday when
the charge against Newman of disturb
ing the peace preferred by Vice Consul
Moore would be heard.
Testifies Under Oath That
Official Demanded
iMbney *'/•.'««
Then the Angels Start Send
ing Runs Over the Home
Plate.
Sailor Boarding House
Proprietor Fights
3 '' -Back.
Backstop Wrenches His
Shoulder in First
Inning.
NEWMAN ACCUSES
BRITISH CONSUL
HOPE VANISHES
AS LEAHY QUITS
THE KAN FBANCI6CO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1903.
Is Coming From Eureka With 1,300,000 Feet of the
Product of the Humboldt Forests, the Largest
Amount Ever Brought Down by a Steam Schooner
FRANCIS H. LEGGETT IS DUE
WITH BIG CARGO OF LUMBER
FRENCH VESSEL WHICH AR
RIVED FROM SYDNEY AF
TER A SMART PASSAGE.
7
Get one cake of it.
Nobody ever stops at a
cake.
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
Sold an«*cr the world. .
AMTJSElgENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
—THE BIGGEST POSSIBLE HIT—
X O - IN I G H T
EVERY NIGHT.
BAYMOND AND CAVEBLY
And Our Superb New York* Company la
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET
The 8ame Production as Uaed by the Roger*
Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC
PRICES— 28c. BOc. 75c.
TIVOLlSo^
TO>NIGHT
And Every Eventn* This "Week— Saturday
Matinee.
SPBCIAL ENGAGEMENT of
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLB
Who Will Appear In Smith and D« Kor«n'«
Bright and Tuneful Comio Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN." ;
EDTnN STEVENS AS FOXY QUILLER.
Annte Myers Bertha Davis. Ferris Hartman,
Arthur Cunningham. 1 Edward Webb. Alme«
Leicester, Oscar Lee and the Big Tiroll Cho-
rus and Orchestra Combine to Make the Pro-
duction the Event of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. «*. T3o
. Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. JULY 25.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, l(Xr.
NEW ATTRACTIONS!
Claude Gillingwater and Company;
¦ Ethel Levey; Orpheus Comedy
Four; Three Polos and the Bio-
graph. Last times of George W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison and Hodges and Launch-
mere.
fAbl TORN I A
1 . j MATINEE TO-DAY. 1&3D&
\jj To-night nnd To-morrow 8 1
V . Night. * ¦
SUCCESS
7^ or the Incomparable 7/5
• 4O KXILL-HOROSCO CO. '* "
tZ{\ Presentlnir Crawford's De- *%{*%
¦" u llghtful Romance. • fcfv/
95 IH THE PALACE 07 THTi KIH8- 7Jb
•*-* / TOPULAR PRICES. ***'
" Monday.
T HEARTS AFLAME. ¦*¦
Seats now on sale. Lg
IbULUQvlj^lM IMWQTKEH5
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And HER COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night, aleo next Tuesday, Wednesday and
Saturday Nights and Matinee Saturday.
Clyde Fitch's Latest Comedy Success..
"The Frisky _Mrs. Johnson"
Monday. Thursday and ' Friday Nights tnd
r Wednesday Matinee, Clyde Fitch's
"THE CLIMBERS."
August 3— EZRA KENDALL In "THE VIN-
B EOAR BUYER."
ALCAZAR m"
LAST 3 TIMES^MATINEE TO-DAY.
Overwhelming Success of MR.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evgs.,25c to 73c; Jdata.Thurs. & Sat., 15c to 60c.
SECURE SEATS NOW FOR
NEXT WEEK'S GREAT OFFERING,
THE MANXMAN.
- By Hall Calne, author of The Christian.
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
WHITE WHITTLESEY In the heroic part
of Peter Qullllam. heretofore played only by
Wilson Barrett and James O'Neill.
HANLON'S PANTOMIME COMPANY and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
DISPLAY TO-NIGHT.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 5c.
.CUTL-EHSy
"•'•'.'¦: ADVEETISEMENTS. £ , J \ ""¦
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signatured /g&e^g&Zzg
frkk?Sfl£if£fjfff'&
faEJg&SffljBS ' ' S fT gn I] Jam
JB%&&SS£?- A "soiutet y Cu re mM IB H UmSm
jtiBBBBjr biuoushess. mi B ... n
£%%£f$&A SICK HEADACHE. W<M H \ff jjm O
£/ffilj&%X\ TORPID LIVER. W§A ¦ W &¦ 1%
//MM \\ FURRED TONGUE. WM m.g m R #P%
fWtfm m INDIGESTION. MM S3 1 I 1 S SB
'/I j? CONSTIPATION jgyijfl
SALLOW SKIN. W amamssKm * mESfae V!Wm
vaiiau' If a \m ft=a g-rij Small Dot* I4
Th« y TOUCH the t. I V E, TS Wn ****
Genuine Wrapper Printed on " '¦¦.''.-.- -•*
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS V^&>^ 7
L00H for the 6!*«»ture rtf^^^^^tyU^Z^ZC
A "M 1 1 R y. Efl fifj^.
Ingleside
Coursing Park.
80=OpenStake=80
.Vf AND THB— • ;j
4l)= CONSOLATION =40
W STAKE * V
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
July 25 and 26.
First Rundown on Saturday, beginning at Xt
*• m. sharp. Sunday Cbursinr will begin at
10:30 sharp snd continue till list winning Has
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES--$755.00
THOMAS TTERN-KT. Judn.
EDWARD SHORSTAO, SUpper.
Proprietors.
Market at., near Eighth. Phone, Pouth 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Brilliant Young Actor.
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL,
Supported by the Superb Central Stock Com-
pany In a
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
ETA W IG2T*
The Wonderful "Brocken Scene."
The New and Startllnar Electrical and Me-
' chanical Effects.
PDTfTC EVENINGS.... 10c to 6<V>
rilllCd MATINEES 10c. 15c 23o
Monday. July 27— MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL
In "A LION'S HEART."
It's not at all queer why crowds nightly coma
here
To see .Fischer's great show, for no fakes Go
they fear.
The new bill needs mention, deserving at-
tention,
For the latest things oat In playhouse in-
vention.
FULL VALUE ALWAYS..
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE,"
Combined With
"THETHREEMUSKEETERS"
And that "Never Falling" "All Star" Cut—
Kolb and Dill and Bernard. Blake. Hennsea
and Whelan and Maude Amber.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. BOo and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
60c. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON-—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. 34.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
STTCJDAY ...8:S0 P. M.
LOS ANGELES VS, SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES* DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. S Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
,j.l. . ... ....... .- . .
STIHTWAT KALTii
Bunday Nlfrht at 3:13.
«§ffiii!$PN>ir *3 Fallowed by Exper'i-
nRAHMAN'^ SEVENTH AND
UK4\UlTM\n O JVIARKBT8T8,
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVTLLLE.
LESTER and CURTIN: HATHAWAY and
WALTON"; HANK WHIXCOMB; LITTLE
BLOSSOM; SAM AND IDA KELLY; THJJ
BURROUGHS: THE GREAT ZANO; CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Prices— Night. 23c. 20c. 13c"and 10c; Mati-
nees. 20c and 10c. Phona for Seats. Sontb
1022. \
PafcirA DON* 1 FAIL TO
I aiUVW eee the 'beautiful
f COURT. Lounguur-
afin room, the EMPIRE
flilU PARLOR, the
- PALM ROOM, the
ii r^ tin louis xv par.
lilalill LOR and the LA-
„ , -- DIES* WRITING
Hotels ROQ^THE annual cruise of the San Fran- '
Cisco Yacht Club up tb« Sacra- '
ireato River begins this afternoon. :
Commodore R. S. Bridgman In the sloop
O3WALD WEST, secretary of the
ninth annual Astoria regatta to
be held on August 19, 20 and 21,
rtates the principal rowing events will be
THE feature of the week's play on
the tennis courts will be the ex
hibition match between Profes
sionals Joseph Daily and Norman Hodg-
TIMID and elusive are the deer at
present In their mountain haunts
throughout the State. Although
an army of sportsmen are in the field in
Sausalito Pleasure Craft
Start on Annual Cruise
Up the Sacramento River
Canoeists From Vancouver
and Portland Will Take
Part in Several Events
Small Caliber Rifles and
Carbines Are the Favorite
Weapons of the Chase
First Event of This. Charac
ter Ever Held on the
Courts on This Coast
Regatta Committee Offers
Expenses for Fourteen
Bargemen and Scullers
Joseph Daily and Norman
Hodgkinson'to Meet in a
Special Match To-Morrow
Many of the Beautiful AnK
mals Are Seen, but They
Are Timid and Elusive
ASTORIA WANTS
SAN FRANCISCO
ROWING CRACKS
Yachts That Finish First
or Second Will Receive
Silver Cups as Rewards
OAKLAND YAWLS
TO COMPETE IN
TEN-MILE RACE
PROFESSIONAL
TENNIS EXPERTS
IN COMPETITION
SPORTSMEN SEEK
DEER IN THEIR
VARIOUS HAUNTS
COURSING FUTURITY DEVELOPS MANY HOUNDS OF QUALITY
In view of the approaching Grand Army
Encampment -the detectives are ¦on* the
lookout for bunko men. Yesterday morn
ing Detectives Ryan and Taylor arrested
George Stone, alias John Bell, and locked
him : up In "the tanks" at the City Pris
on.:. In -a room which- Stone occupied at
1104 Market street the detectives found a
satchel;- filled with all the paraphernalia
of the bunko man, Including blank check
books, cards, chips, a bank directory and
other articles. ¦ In 1896 he was arrested for
grand. larceny for tricking a stranger out
of ' '.$80," but the charge 'was -reduced to
petty larceny and he' was sentenced to
serve six months in the County Jail.
Bunko Steerer Arrested.
- The committees of the Ariel Rowing
Club are meeting -frequently 'to discuss
the plans for the new boathouse.
VALLEJO. July 24.— The Bay District Power
Company has laid a cable across the strait be
tween Vallejo and Mare Inland for the purpose
of lupplylng the navy yard with electricity for
light and power.
ter, Mass.. on August 14. If he is suc
cessful he will return to San Francisco.
The entertainment given by the Dolphin
Boating Club to Its members last Sunday
was much enioyed, the al fresco cook
ing on the beach being successful. Com
mittees from the South End and Ariel
Rowing clubs will meet a committee of
the Dolphin Boating Club to-morrow at
the boathouse at the foot of -Van Ness
avenue to consider the proposed adoption
of the four-oared shell In lieu of the four
oared barge at present employed by the
clubs in this bay.
CINCINNATI, July 24.-Tho recent
thousand-mile flight of the Queen City
Racing Pigeon Club has resulted in break
ing the world's record. On July 8 five
birds were expressed from Cincinnati to
La Junta. Colo. The liberator telegraphed
that they started at 6:30 a. m., July 12
The first bird returned to Its loft July 19
making 1000 miles In seven days, four
hours and twenty-nine minutes. The
best previous record for 1000 miles was
made In 1902 in eight days, three hours
and five minutes.
Homing Pigeon Breaks Record.
Nymphia Case Argued.
The suit of B. Ferner and F. j. Drake
lessees of the notorious Hotel Nymphia
for an order restraining the Chief of
Police from interfering with the premises
was argued in Judge Murasky's court
yesterday. It was continued until Tues
day in order to allow the plaintiffs to file
affidavits controverting the statements
made in the affidavits gled by the people
who oppose the opening of the place
VALLEJO. July 21 —The railroad company's
big transfer »te*mer Solnno. which runs be
tween Uenlcla and Port Costa. Is about to b«
withdrawn from actlva aervtce for extenslv*
repair.*, which will occupy two months. Whil
the Sola no la lal<» up eastern and northern
travel will reach Saa Francisco via. Vallejo and
Stockton.
On Monday afternoon, beginning at 2
o'clock, there will be automobile races on
the '- Del Monte track. The , first race Is
for gasoline machines only of 1200 pounds
or less, two miles, for a trophy given by
the/ Pioneer Automobile Company. The
second - race foe an open event for
machines of', 1200 pounds or less, three
miles, 'for a' silver trophy given by C. S.
Middl'eton. .Third race, five miles; open to
all '¦•¦ machines of * 1500 pounds . or less, for
a silver . trophy*, given by the White Auto
mobile .Company. One. mile, obstacle race
for a silver! trophy. Five mile race open
to machines of ; 20 horsepower or leas,
the prize being a silver trophy presented
by the .National Automobile "-Company.
Ten-mile ' J race: open -to all. machines'irre
spective of their "power or weight, the
AIJTOMOBl LISTS have perfected
their plans for the automobile
tournament at Del Monte. E.
Courtney Ford, vice president of the
Autobomlle Club of California, will be
captain of the run and will be assisted by
N. T.Messer Jr. and B. D. Merchant.
. The (automobile owners of this city will
run to , San Jose on the afternoon of
Thursday. August 6, taking the road
through San Mateo or Oakland, as they
please. If they wish to go. via Oakland
they will leave San Francisco by the 3
p. m. Oakland Creek ferry-boat. The
night will be spent at the Hotel Vendome,
San Jose. On Friday, August 7, an earJy
start will be made. In conjunction with
the automobilists of San Jose and Oak
land, for Del Monte. A rendezvous will
be held at San Juan, where luncheon will
be enjoyed and the question of the 1 route
to Del Monte will be determined, the
choice lying between going over, the San
Juan grade or by way of Watsonvllle. On
Saturday, August 8, the automobilists will
attend the last day of the polo and pony
racing tournament held under the man
agement of the Pacific Coast , Polo and
Pony Racing Association.
On Sunday, August .9, the automobiles
will go over • the . seventeen-mile - drive
along the shore of the Pacific Ocean. On
Monday morning, beginning at 10 o'clock,
there will be a hill-climbing contest at
CarmelHlll. open to all automobiles of
any style of weight, the prize being a sil
ver trophy, presented by "5. Courtney
Ford. '
It Is Expected That Half
a Hundred Vehicles Wiil
Take Part in the lAffa'r
Hill-Climbing, Competition'
Obstacle Race and Speed
Tests for Various Cars
Robert Johnstone, the professional of
the San Francisco Golf Club, and F J.
Reilly, the clever professional of the
Burllngame Country Club and holder of
the open championship of the. Pacific
Coast Golf Association, played a match
on the Burllngame links recently. Rellly
won 9 up and S to play.' Johnstone was
out of form. , , . > v
First and second prizes ar.- offered. Up
to the present time L. B. Edwards has
played the largest number cf rounds, his
scores being 47. 45, 50. 46. 50. R. I. Bent
ley has played four rounds, his scores be
ing 48, 47, 45 and 49. Rolla V.. Watt'/re
turns are 51, 54 and 52. R. B. Hale's
scores are 50, 49 and 48. jC. H. Bentley
has played three rounds (n 50, 49 and 48.
Fred J. Koster's cards show scores of 71,
60 and 66. Mrs. J. R. Clark, the only lady
competitor, has made returns for three
rounds of 49. 51 and 48. Reginald White
has played one round in 53: Marshall
Hale one In 56, and S. H. Boardman orre
In 03. R. D. Girvin is the only competitor
who has not handed In any scores. On
Admission day there will be a tourna
ment for the members of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club. This will open the win
ter season.
The qualifying rounds closed last Satur
day evening, the players who qualified be
ing matched agalsst each other as fol
lows: J. J. Crooks vs. Carleton Curtis,
Douglas Hardy vs. R. J. Davis, R. Gi'.
man Brown vs. Gustav Sutro and E. J.
Hooper vs. C. A. Belden. These matches
may be played. at any time convenient to
the contestants up to Saturday, August 1.
About a dozen members of the" San
Francisco Golf Club are taking part in an
early morning tournament on the Presidio
links. Rounds must be played before 9
o'clock in the morning and not later than
August 31. Each contestant is to play ten
rounds of nine holes each. When all the
scores arc in Robert Johnstone, the pro
fessional, will handicap those who have
not taken part In recent competitions.
It Is probable that some of the golf
matches in the opening round of the com
petition for the Midsummer trophy of the
San Rafael Golf Club will be played to
day.
MARIN GOLFERS COMPETE
FOR MIDSUMMER TROPHY
Eight Players Qutmfy for the De
cisive Matches of the San
Rafael Tournament. T\
AUTOMOBILISTS
PLAN TOURNEY
AT DEL MONTE
A. W. Pape is staying at Annisquam,
Cape Ann, Mass., the summer home of his
brother. Eric Pape. the artist. He is en
deavoring to regain his lost weight and
vigor, and, if he succeeds In doing so;
will take part In the regatta at Worces-
The iunior four-oared shell crew, with
W. A. King at stroke. Is practicing every
evening and will pull In the senior and
Junior races at the regatta of the North
Pacific Association of Amateur Oarsmen
at Vancouver. B. C. The members of the
crew left Portland on Sunday, • the 19th
inst., t for Vancouver, accompanied by
their coach. .
E. Gloss will represent the Portland
Rowing Club In the senior scull race, hav
ing beaten W. T. Patton In a trial held
on the Willamette River on Thursday
evening. th« ICth Inst. The water was
smooth and the scullers sot away to a
good start. For the first quarter of a
mile the scullers pulled evenly but then
Gloss began to gain and continuing to do
bo won bv three lengths.
It is likely Portland will be represented
by two four-oared crews at Astoria. The
Liiders crew may be changed somewhat
after the Vancouver regatta. For that
event it was made up as follows: George
L-uders, bow: Klrkley, No. 2; Montgom
ery, No. 3; and King, stroke. If the crew
thus arranged wins at Vancouver it will
be entered for the Astoria regatta. If it
loses an effort will be made to strengthen
It. ¦ '-> '¦
The committee at Astoria expects the
single shell race will be an unusually good
contest. The championship of the Pacific
Coast will be fought for by representa
tives of San Francisco. Portland and
Britfsh Columbia. The oarsmen from
Portland and British Columbia row in
four-oared shells-, whi'.e the oarsmen of
San Francisco bay pull in barges.' It Is
proposed to exchange boats so that the
San Francisco men may pull in the shell
races and the Vancouver and Portland
men In the barge events. A member of
the Astoria committee started on the^th
Ins?t. for Vancouver. B. C, to attend' the
regatta there and arrange for oarsmen to
visit Astoria. The British Columbians
are anxious to take part in the Astoria
carnival and good crews are expected
from that place. Oswald West and
Charles V. Brown of the Astoria com
mittee were in Portland on the ICth inst.
consulting with members of the Portland
Rowing Club about the Astoria races.
Besides four-oared crews from Van
couver, B. C. there may be crews and
single scullers from Victoria and Nelson,
B. C. Many conoeists will go from Van
couver, where canoeing is a highly popu
lar sport.
It is proposed to invite two four-oared
barge crews, two outrigged skiff men,
one single shell man .and one or two swim
mer?. The committee will pay the trans
portation, board and sleeping accommo
dation of the oarsmen while on the jour
nev and at Astoria.
the single shell, four-oared shell, out
rigged skiff, four-oared barge and single
and double canoe races. The secretary
writes that the committee has not secured
as favorable rates as was hoped from
the steamship companies and so will not
be able to entertain more than flffen
oarsmen from San Francisco bay.
Thetis will be accompanied by Vice Com
modore A. C. Lee's sloop Surprise and pos
sibly by A. D. Moves' sloop Halcyon. J.
Cprcoran> launch will also make the trip. ;
The cruise will last two weeks. During J
"the second wef-k the sloops Queen, Chal
l^ngor and Ariel will join the flagship.
J. R. Savory's sloop J uar.it u and F.' A.
Hyde's new launch Vladimir will proba
bly also make an up-river cruise.
It is not expected that the pleasure
craft will proceed higher up the Sacra
trsento than Courtland. On the return
trip it Is likely the yachts will sail
through the Three-Mile cut-off fr<5m the
Sacramento River Into the San Joaquin
and drop anchor at Antloch. The yachts
will make their moorings at Sausalito on
Sunday. August 9. It was hoped the
yawls Royal and Wave, with the sloops
Mitral and Curlew, might make the riv
er trip, but it seems they will not do bo.
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programme of the Corinthian Yacht Club,
but as the tide floods until 1;35 p. m. to
morrow at the harbor entrance most of
the fleet will run up Into the upper bay,
dropping anchor at Mc>T<?ars Landing or
Paradise Cove.
To-morrow the yawl race of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club will be sailed over a
triangular course of ten nautical miles,
starting from the Oakland broad gauge
mole. The time limit for the race Is four
hours. Light sails may be carried.
The yawl Io!a is the scratch boat, the
others receiving the following handicaps
in minutes and seconds: Gypsle, 11:30;
Arcturus, 12; Idler, .21:30; Nereid. 27; El
Rayo. 28; Bachelor, 28; Pilgrim. 33; Mabel
a; «.
All contesting yachts should be at the
starting line at 11 a. m. and the captains
should report to A. R. F. Erandes, chair
man of the regatta committee, at the
vhaxf for further instructions and start
ing time. The race will be In charge of
the regatta committee, the members of
which are August R. F. Brandes, Charles
W. Muller and Roscoe L. Eames. Silver
cups mounted on ebony bases will be giv
en for first and second places.
Robert Vinotnt's yawl Iola. the yawls
Pilgrim, Idler, and Mabel A have been on
the beach during the week, being cleaned
and painted for the race. The mainsail
of the yawl Iola is being altered, as it
<Joe« not set well.
The cutter Feu Follet of the South Bay
Yacht Club and the sloop Mist of the Cor
li.thlan Yacht Club have been at anchor
off the California Yacht Club house dur
ing the week. Dr. Spencer's schooner
Muriel, which was in collision with the
submarine boat McPlke, has returned to
Alviso after making temporary repairs.
The sloop Catherine, owned by J E
Back, returned last Sunday from a cruise
up the river, having made Sacramento.
The 6loop Nixie, formerly owned by ex-
Commodore George E. Billings, but now
by Fulton Berry, sailed to Santa Cruz on
the 2d of the present month, encountering
heavy weather, in which some of her
canvas was torn. At Santa Cruz it was
decided to continue the trip no farther
The owner took the train for his Inland
home and the sloop was sailed back to
the bay by the boatkeeper. Last Sunday
the was lying at moorings In Tlburon
Cove.
The following are some of the members
of the Automobile Club of California who
will take parties down to Del Monte for
the tournament: E. P. Brinegar, G A
Boyer, H. T. Bradley, J. Dalzell Brown
J. D. Grant, Walter Grothe, c. A. Haw
kins, F. A. Hyde. Joseph Holle. Byron
Jackson. H. S. Jerome. F. A. Jacobs R
C. Lennie, L. P. Lowe. C. C. Moore' B*
D. Merchant of San Jose, F. A. Marriott
J. S v Menasco of 'Watsonvllle Charles
Middleton, Sidney L. M. Starr. Jarre,
Spear, W. H. Talbot. William von Vo«
J. M. Wilkins and W. J. Wagner. From
the Alameda County Automobile Club
there will be John Conant. G. D Cum
mings, U A. Hicks. W. E. Knowies and"
H. Dana. Dr. J. L. Benettl. E. T Sterl
ing. Dr. E. Wlslockl and several others
will represent the San Jose Automobile
Mike Fisher appears to have hit the
tobboggan with some force in the north
and the webfooters are fattening their
averages at his expense. Mike is losing
prize being a cup offered by F. A. Hyde,
president of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia. Five-mile exhibition against time.
The last event on the programme wll)
be a flve-mi!e handicap, open to all ma
chines that have taken part in any of
the preceding events on the programme
On Tuesday. August 11, the automobiles
will leave Del Monte at 9:30 a. m. for
Point Lobos, where luncheon will" be
served and whence they will -return as
they please. On Wednesday. August 12
the automobiles will start on the return
home.
The only nine in the league that Is not
and has not been playing the game is
Oakland, the disgrace of the Pacific Coast
League. Since the first day of the sea
son the Oakland team has shown itself a
third-rater. It has been steadily going
down the line till Lohman and his bunch
ore at the botorn of the ladder, where It
is hoped they will remain till all Is over.
It seems a pity that a few good men
should be buried in such a ball team.
There are some high-grade players on the
payroll of Ewing, but they -never have a
chance to shine the way the team has
been behaving. Other managers have
been able to get ballplayers to strengthen
their teams, but Lohman says it Is im
possible, so no one can blame the fans
if they boycott Oakland whenever it plays
here. fZ ¦
San Francisco has an exceedingly good
chance to get first position by taking a
majority of the games from Los Angeles
this week and then by repeating the trick
at Portland next week. Judging from the
way the home team has been playing ball
for the past month, this feat will be
neither impossible nor difficult and is
liable to happen.
Then Portland and Seattle are rapidly
coming to the front and they may pos
sibly figure In the race before It is over
for keeps. Both teams are supplied with
the best men that can be had and both
are playing the game to a fare-ye-well.
There is no reason why they should not
do something before many weeks elapse.
NOT since the good old days
of the Ilalght-street baseball
grounds has there been such an
interesting and close race for the pen
nant as the present one in the Pacific
Coast League. Los Angeles, San Fran
cisco and Sacramento, the first three
teams, are all In a position to win out
and any piece of good luck or reverse in
fortune is liable to decide which club shall
float the coveted emblem when the season>
comes to a close.
Hollingsworth's Last Jump
a Signal for Uprisings
in the Rival Leagues
San Francisco Is Pressing
the Angels Hard and Has
a Chance for Leadership
PENNANT RACE
IS CLOSER NOW
THAN IN YEARS
Another surprise was the drubbing
Reuben Hunt received from Alexander,
the New York champion. After winning
the tournament so cleverly Hunt was
looked upon to have a chance for the
championship, but the score shows he was
completely outclassed, as he got but one
game in three /sets.
, The nineteenth annual tournament for
the championship of Southern California
will be held at Santa Monica during the
week of August 3 to 8. The following
events will be played: All comers' singles,
all comers' doubles, mixed doubles, ladies'
singles (open), ladies' singles (handicap),
junior singles, consolation singles. The
present champions are: Singles, L. R.
Freeman; doubles, L. R. Freeman and J.
R. Britton; ladies' slnRles, Miss May
Sutton; mixed doubles, Miss Violet Sutton
and S. M. Sinsabaugh.
Last year Drummond MacGavin and
Grant Smith went South and almost car
ried off the doubles championship. This
year MacGavin is in Nome . and the
chances are the North will not be repre
sented. Smith may join forces with
Harry Weihe, but tills Is little more than
a possibility.
Tho next tournament on the Park courts
will be a class singles. As Will Allen won
the cup for the third time in the last
tournament a new cup will be put up for
that class. The date of the coming
tournament is the 2d of August. If
the contemplated changes op the
public courts are made * before
August the tournament • will have
to be 'postponed until the courts are com
pleted, but it is not thought that work
will be commenced by that time. The first
and fourth classes will be played on the
2d and the second and third classes on
the 9th of August. There Is some talk of
forming a championship class at the park.
The present arrangement is to put Harry
Weihe, Will Allen. Robert Whitney and
Grant Smith In this class. Routh. Dunlap,
Griffin. Baker and Adams and the others
would be in the first class. A better
plan than this would be to divide the first
class into two division?, calling the first
A division and the second B division.
The defeat of Champion Freeman at the
hands of Alfonso Bell came as a great
surprise to the local players. While many
thought Bell might be able to win oc
casionally from the champion, the defeat
of the latter in straight sets was un
looked for.
Hodgklnson is a powerful young man,
who plays an equally strong game in all
parts of the court. In practice during the
week Hodgkinson has appeared to much
better advantage than did Daily.- The
latter, while beseems to have muclfof his
former skill, is somewhat off in his play,
being a trifle lacking in accuracy. Hodg
kinson depends more on speed than any
thing else. In experience Daily has a big
lead over his younger opponent.
Both have many admirers who are sure
tl:eir man will win. Dally represents the
old school and has been a clever player
in his day. Sunday's match will de
termine whether Daily is to be classed
with the "has beens" or whether he is
still a factor in tennis.
There have been matches wherein an
amatuer has been pitted against a pro
fessional, but this is the first Instance of
two professionals coming together, In
fact it is the first time there has been
two professionals on the coast.
kinson. The match, which is the first of
the kind ever held on the coast, will be
played to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. on the Cal
ifornia Club courts, Scott and Bush
streets. ¦
The dove season has opened under the
State law in a number of counties and
the birds are reported plentiful in many
localities.
Foster McDaniels secure., a buck near
Noyato which weighed 165 pounds,
dressed, - r. MrDaniels saw five or six
in me same neighborhood.
A. K. P. Harman was one of the suc
cessful men out during the past week, a
fine buck falllnc to his rifle. V
Alfred Broad and William Mersfelder se
cured a buck on the McAllister ranch in
Marin County.
The majority of the sportsmen this year
favor the 30:30 caliber rifle which has been
so r — 'ilar In recent years. It is light in
Weight and handy to carry especially in
carbine form. Tne ammunition also takes
up but little space. The :33 caliber has
been gaining In favor, proving an arm of
great power. The experts in the gun
stores have reslghted thousands of rifles
in anticipation of the opening of the deer
season. Few use .the regulation sights,
the majority of sportsmen having Ideas
of their own in this matter.
Many deer have been killed in Marin
County within but little more than ' an
hour's ride of this city. Lake and Men
docip.o counties are continuing to afford
excellent hunting, althougn the deer are
keeping in 'th* thick brush at present.
Next month they will be found more in
the open and will be easier to bring down.
Thomas' Pennington, president of George
W. Pjmnington Sons, and George Penning
ton, superintendent of the steel works of
the iirm. returned on Thursday from a
deer hunt in Marin County. Each sports
man brought back a trophy of the chase,
having secured two fine bucks, one weigh
ing 145 pounds and the other 120 pounds.
Both eentlemen are members of the
Point Reyes Sportsmen's Club.
quest of tnem but comparatively few
have been successful in bringing down a
buck.
MI AMIGO. CHARLES C. GRIS
WOLD'S PROMISING CANDIDATE
FOR THE ANNUAL FUTURITY.
The Los Angeles players now refuse, to
take part in any game that Hollines
worth plays* Worse than that, Rellly
is abotrt - to " set out an injunction and
Bucdale says he will do likewise. If
Hollingsworth could oniy get a Job on the
police force now. his troubles would be
complete. SG3S
A test does not seem to do southpaw
Llndsey any good, as was demonstrated
In Wednesday's game. Harris had been
saving the little one for the series with
Los Angeles and he had not worked for
several weeks. Bat as soon as he went
up against the Angels he was hit hard
from the start. Whenever he works
right along he is moie effective and can
generally be depended upon to win a ma
jority of his games asainst any club In
the league, especially Los Angeles.
Poor Hollings worth la having his trou
bles. He experienced them all season but
now he seems to have about reached the
limit In thN line. Holly at first signed
with Morley. He jumped and this caused
the press and the general public in L03
Angeles to have it In for him and roast
him. at every *^rn.
He had smooth sailing for awhile till
he bumped up against Reilly's business
manager. Then he became angry, was
released to Seattle but was again on the
wing, jumping to the Portland, Browns a
few days apo.
Golden Rnle Mollie Me, I-jrd Granard. To
ronto. Black Flush. Free Born. Yankee Boy.
iYometbeu!.. Jchn C. Heenan. McHenry Doe
S urn ?' T^? nnie Hu Shie. Medley. Master Clair.
Royal Friend. Pasha Pleasant. Una. Equator.
Laughing Water. n«misso Anlmo. Mav Hfinp.
stead. Bella Uoyd. Miss Brummel. Grace \V.
Silver ClouU. Lulu Girl. Real Pasha Idle F?l
!?.*;•. Erebus . Yukon. Little Lucy. Flora Belle,
Msklyou. Aggie W. Viking. Conroy. Pure Pearl,
loung Buck, Old Ironsides, Yellow Tail.
games simply because his pitchers are
being hit hard. Those youngsters of his
may do well for a time but he wJU be
compelled to get a couple of experienced
slabsters if he wants to be in line for
the flag.
Fair Oaks. Barg*, Iv>rd Brazen. Cluster
Rociclln Boy. Gambit. Real Article, Pato Alto.
Refa S. Haphazard. Full Moon, Gloamln?
Flaunt. Firm Fellow. Fair Tralee, Rector FotvT
tenoy. Red Rock. Liberator, Otto Traleo' Boy
False Alarm. Mickey Free. Manhattan Kin*!
Kuby feankey. Frisky Barbara, Eastlake Cas
cade, Tillle R, Clarice. tleno. Rubber Ankle*.
The coursing at Ingleside to-day will
commence at 11 o'clock. The first round
of an eighty-dog open stake will be run
first. The lesers will then meet in the
first round of a consolation number. The
coursing will commence to-morrow at
10:30 o'clock. On public form the likely
winners look to be:
The coursing at I'nion Park to-morrow
will commence upon the arrival of the
10:15 a. m. train. There will also be a
train at 1 o'clock. The likely winner*
look to be:
T. W. Bartels, a prominent coursing
man of Denver, has a litter of grey
hounds by Said Pasha, a brother of Emin
Pasha, and out of the noted performer.
Mac's Melody, winner of ICOOu. In her time
she has beaten all the great greyhounds
of the West. There are eight puppies in
the Utter, five being dogs.
Imported Parton won the class stake
last Sunday at Butte, beating Lady New
ark in the deciding course. Parton Is
from the famous Pilkington Kennels of
England. He is by Mellormoor-Thought
less Beauty. He is the only representa
tive of the latter great greyhound ever
brought to this country. The open stake
at the same meeting was won by George
MacDougall's Kallspell, which beat the
Imported hound. Dartmoor Dan.
Eugene Geary has a young puppy by
Narcissus-Bonnie Lass which is a promis
ing candidate for next year's Futurity
A. R. Curtis' Charta was killed by aa
electric car some days since. The same
owner's great blue dog Beacon will be
trained again in an effort to bring him
back to his championship form.
In order to bring out the young cours
ers It Is expected some puppy and sapling
stakes will be run next month at Union
Park.
James Sweeney has three eligibles by
Rocker-Fiery Face which have never
been seen in public. They are built on
racy lines and are highly thought of by
the ktnnel connections.
Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton was in the
city on Wednesday and reports his Fu
turity candidates as doing well. He will
start them In the next puppy stake to
give them experience on the field.
Pat Horgan of Concord has five by Wild
Tralee-Manila, which started once and
carried off all the honors.
Some months since Frank McComb,
with his five representatives of Fetter
Free-Motto, was thought to have a strong
hold on the Futurity. Since then Charles
C. Griswold has started his racy looking
black and white dog, Ml Amlgo. of the
same litter. His Impressive style has
made him one of the stake possibilities
which will have to be recokned with.
The friends of the veteran T. J. Cronin
think he will realize a long cherished am
bition by winning the stake with Fair
Tralee. This representative of Wild
Tralee-Falr Helen has performed bril
liantly on each of his public appearances
and will be a hard one to beat.
THIS year's coursing Futurity has
the most open look of any since
the rich stake was first competed
for by the best young greyhounds of all
the West. In other years there has In
variably been a prohibitive favorite, some
precocious youngster which showed un
usual class cither in private trials or la
puppy or sapling stakes.
Many Kennels Have Crack
Representatives in Train
ing for the Big Event
This Year's Futurity Will
Bring" Out a Collection
of Remarkable Coursers
YOUNG HOUNDS
OF PROMISE IN
RICH STAKES
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1903.
8Boxer Herrera Beturns.
Aurella Herrera, accompanied by his
manager, "Biddy" Bishop, returned to
this city yesterday, after -a successful
campaign in Montana, where he met and
defeated a number of good men
Ward and Ware Are Winners.
BOSTON, July 24.— Ward and Ware
practically won ¦ the Eastern- doubles
championship at Longwood to-day, de
feating Larned and Wright, who had Just
finished victories in the contest with the
W'renn- brothers. . r
Kanawha Wins Bennett Cup.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 24.— Henry R.
Rogers' faat steam yacht Kanawha de
feated the Noma, owned by William B.
Leeds, by 4 minutes and 56 seconds In a
sixty-mile race for the Lylistrata cup off
here this afternoon. The trophy, which
was presented by James Bennett,
must be won twice in succession before
It becomes permanent property. Bennett
added $2500 in cash for the winner of the
first series.
McChesney Shipped to Chicago.
NEW YORK, July 24.— McChesney, the
Western racehorse, brought here to con
test the championship with Waterboy at
Brighton Beach, but which went lame,
entailing the cancellation of the match,
is reported to have been shipped back to
Chicago. The horse is understood to have
nearly recovered, but it* is doubtful
whether the match will be run off at Sar
atoga. l(U*!' S
SHAMROCK III SHOWS
HEELS TO PACEMAKER
Outsails Old Boat Twenty Minutes
and Forty Seconds Over Twenty-
Nine Mile Course.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., July
24.— Shamrock III more than evened ac
counts with her pacemaker, Shamrock I,
to-day for the beating the challenger suf
fered yesterday. Sailing over a twenty
nine mile course the cup hunter beat the
old boat 8 minutes 11 seconds, running ten
miles to leeward; 5 minutes 10 seconds
beating ten miles to windward, and 7
minutes 19 seconds in a reach of nine
miles, 20 minutes 40. seconds in all. The
challenger's victory running to leeward
was flawless. Beating back Shamrock I
suffered a little of her loss in a calm
streak, and in reaching more heavily from
the same cause. Nevertheless the victory
was fairly earned, except that the differ
ence between the two boats was exagger
ated by the disadvantages the old boat
suffered.
.The Shamrocks will have a short race
to-morrow, after which they will be taken
out in drydock in Erie Basin and polished.
Srjec* al Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, July 24.-Nellie Waddell,
heavily backed from 5 to 1 down
to 6 to* 2, captured the light
weight handicap, the feature of to-day's
card at Hawthorne, by a length from
the fast coming Toah. The race was a
heavy betting affair and the books were
hard hit. I
Grand Opera, Smathers' new purchase,
won his initial start at local tracks in
clever fashion.
The weather was perfect. and the track
fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin. '
11 to 5— F. Wreath, 101 (W.Wldo) 7 M 1^
16 to 1— C Chlnn. 09 <B. Davis).. 4 12 2
4 to 1— Snowdrift, 101 (Otis) 9 3 3 2
• Time 1:15 2-C. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. R. Eaker & Co.'s br. f. by Fal
setto-Laurel Wreath... Courage .100. Merry
Flight 100 Jet 101. Anlmula 0«. Whiten 101,
Penance 96 Flossie B 101, Hedera 1U1, Edith
Mack 101 Miss Clancy 101, Florence H 101,
Corsica 101. also ran..
. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— N. Waddell. 112 (Domck). 11 11
1.1 to 5 — Toah, 125 (Wlnkfleld) 4 4 2 >-s
7 to 1 — F. Wentker. 114 (J.Bolnd) 2 2 3 2
Time 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won eased up.
Winner, Thomas Carey's, b. f. by Jullen-May
Wagner. Brulare 114, St. Tammany 105, Sem
per Vlvum 110, Golden Rule 138, Emathlon
110, Marchmont II 110, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse: 7 . .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to 10 — Q. Opera, 112 (Domnck). 2 1 1 %
12 to 5 — B. McCarthy, 97 (Adkins) 3 2 2 4
4 to 1 — Little Scout. 107 (Helgsn) 13 3
Time 1 :46 4-5. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner, E. E. Smathers* blk. c. by Wagner-
Bonnie Bird.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
selling:
Betting. Hor?<*. Weight, Jockey. Pt. *i Fin.
7 to 2— Airtight. 100 (Helgesen). .. 5 3 1 n
1 to 5 — Galba' 105 (S. Bonner)... 2 1 2 n
6 to 1 — Our Bessie. Ml (Adklns).. 14 3 7
Time, 1:55 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner S. S, Brown's b. f. by Lamplighter-
Sunbeam. Fading Light 95. Swift Wing 102,
Kentucky Cardinal 100, Ml Relna 05, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting Horse, Wright, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Flaunt. 102 (Adklns) 0 1 11
8 to 5— Alfred C. 102 (J. Booker). :i 4 2 llhi
7 to 1 — Cornwall. 114 (Henry).... R 5 3 1
Time 1 :4^i. Start excellent. vVon easily.
Winner. T. II. Ryan'n b. sr. by Forester-Dis
play C B. rampbell 102, Scotch Plaid 108,
Pronta 104, Frivol 103, Pompey 103, Myth
102, also ran.
¦ SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; purfe:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
6 to 5— Auditor, 111 (Helge?en).. :» 1 1 1
13 to 5 — M Crawford, 103 (l>.\Ylsn) 0 4 2 2
10 to 1 — Commodore, 10S (Henry).. 4 7 3 1
Time 1:01 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. S. Brown's b. c. by Ksh?r-Alcestls.
Blue Darter 110 Peter J. Somers 108. Mai
Wells 105, Alllsta 108, Martlus 108. Sciplo
110 Gus Heldorn 108, Codex 103. Qua Quarlea
10S| Polk Miller 105, also ran.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO July 24. — Weather clear; track
fast. Entries:
First race five and a half furlongs — Sweetie
101 Salto 104 Lord French 104, Buccaneer
110[ Miss Crawford 107. Pat Ilammon 104. Net
tle Dutchman 101.
Second race steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Ceylon' 103. Arlus 145, Paul Aker 13«,
Fallela 136, Hand Vice 135, Slap Dash 182,
Indian II 130. ,' t .
Third race one and a quarter miles, the
Northern handicap— John Bright 130. Nitrate
111 Luclen Appleby 1Q7. Otis 110. John Me-
Gurk 109 The Conqueror II 105, Hargls 105,
little Scout 10O. (Luclen Apple and Nitrate,
D. & H. t-ntrles.) •
Fourth race nix furlongs — Golden Rule 10!»,
Cruzados 107. John Peters 107. A. D. Gibson
100 I/Ktrenne 10 1 Talpa UX1 Kmma A M
102i Sylvia Talbot 100. The Major OS. Pride
of Galore. 03, Ahola OX
Fifth race one and a half miles, yelling—
Wing Dance" ltt!. Hayward Huntfr 102. Queen
Victoria 07. Compass 07. Erne 07, Little El
kin 94.
Sixth race, one mile — The Giver 105. Rag
Tag 103 Father "SYentker 105. Paul Whaley
104 Callant 104 Bard of Avon 104. Alum
Water 102. -
IIAAVTIIORMS SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Qcean.)
First Itaee — Mian Crawford,
Sweetie, Uuccaneer.
Second Ilnce — Falleln, Ceylon,
I'nul Aker.
Third Knee— John McGark, John
IlrUlil. Laden Appleby.
Fourth Race i.'n Ion, Sylvia
Talbot, A. I). GibBon.
Fifth Iince Little ElUIn, Ilnj-
Tvard Hunter, Compnnfi.
Sixth Race— The Giver, Bard of
Avon, Callant.
Smathers Gathers a Purse
With Grand Opera, His
Recent New York Purchase
Nellie Waddell, Plunged On
Heavjly, Wins a HigH
Weight Event in a Canter
BETTORS SCORE
ON A HANDICAP
AT HAWTHORNE
LODGING- HOUSE DAMAGED BT FIRE.— .
The lodging-house of Mrs. TUton at 1323 Bush
street suffered considerable, damage yesterday
by fire.. The conflagration started In th*
kitchen and soon sorcad to the rooms on th*
upper floors. The house and its content* ar«
amply Insured against loss.
Do You Wa*ht a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks
good and is good? Or a dress suit case,
valise, traveling set, a Netsuki purse or
a chain bar? E We have them all at low
est prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. ' •
Wins Liverpool Cup.
LONDON, July 24.— Captain Kettle, the
favorite, won the Liverpool cup (of 100
sovereigns, a handicap for three-year-olds
and upward, one mile and. tnree furlongs)
at the' Liverpool July meeting to-day.
Pain : Bis was second and Handlcapper
thlrd. v The betting against Captain Ket
tle was 2 to 1.
ST. LOUIS. July 24. — Weather clear: track
fast. Kntrles :
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Hugh McGowan »5, Ocvrohe 98. Wreath of
Ivy 103 Mafalda. 100, Mention 100, Sweet Note
103. Sealcer 103. MO&
HEAVY FINES IMPOSED
FOR QUEER DRIVING
Al Proctor and Vance Nichols Must
Fay $200 Each and Former
Is Suspended.
DETROIT, July 24.— As the result of
queer driving In the 2:13 pace to-day
Driver Al Proctor, who was behind
Darky, was fined $200 and suspended for
thirty days, Driver Vance Nichols, who
was behind Theoron Powers, was fined
$200. and all bets and pools on the race
were declared off. Summary:
2:26 trot, purse $1000 — Monro* won second
and third heats and race. Time. 2:14%— 2:15Vi-
Ellen Wood won first heat In 2:14fe.
2:0S pace, purse (1200 — Nonamie won second
and third heats and race. Time. 2:09 $4 — 2:09.
Carthage Girl won first heat In 2:08%.
2:10 trot, purse $1000— Billy Buck won both
heats. Time, 2:13% — 2:12)4.
2:24 pace. Chamber, of Commerce stakes,
purse $1000— Trilby Direct won both heats.
Time. 2:08H— 2:00.
'2:13 pace, purs* $1200— Theoron Powers
won third and fourth heats and race." Time.
2:12H— 2:13%. • Darky won first heat In 2:12.
Joe Rhea won second heat in 2:14H.
ST. LOL'IS. July 24.-An ordinary
card was offered at Delmar to-day.
The fourth race, a handicap at six
furlongs, with seven starters, was the
feature. Fitzkanet, although off nono
too well, proved to be much the- best at
the weights and held his field safe all
the way, easily running past Miss Mae
Day In the stretch. The latter was much
the best of the others. The weather was
clear and the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Moulin Rouge, 108 (Trcxlr) 1.1 In
20 to 1— Sadie Brch, 108 <D.Austln) 4 2 2 5
1C to 1— Enigma, 103 (A. W. Baker). 2 3 3 1
Time l:03U- Start good. Won driving. Win
ner E. S. Gardner's b. f. by Hlmyar-Monte
Rosa. Mrs. Malaprop 103, Lonlana 105. Sou
frlere 108, Banusla 108, Slgcorina 103, also
ran.
SECOND RACE 1 — One mile, selling.
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. } t Fin.
9tol(t-Plrateer. 101 (F. Smith). 6 3 11%
18 to ft— Cantrlll. 08 (D. Austin).. 4.4 2 >,*
12 to 1— Alflo. 101 (Brldwell) 11 1 3 2
Time l:43>4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner u! Z. De Armond's br. c. by Pirate of
Perizance-Make Haste. Memphlan 106, Deer
Hunter 90, • Ranchman 100, also ran.
THIRD RACEr-Four and a half furlongs,
BetUng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Dr. Cartledge. 110<F. Smith) 7 7 UU
9 to 2— Angelo. 100 (A. W. Baker) R 5 2 ltf
5 to 1— Don Alvaro. 105 (Shea).... 6 3 3n
Time :58%. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner J.'F. Daniels & Co.'s b. c. by Faraday-
Darevela. Rhyme and Reason 101. Quaker
Girl 104. Our Llllle 98, Hoedown 95. Grief 101,
EMERSON AND DIEHL ,-:
c;r WIN TENNIS HONORS
Defeat Former Holders of the West
ern Championship at- Cincin
nati Tournament.
CINCINNATI, July 24.— Kreigh S Collins
and L. H. Waldner of Chicago, the West
ern tennis champions, were defeated to
day at the tri-State tennis tournament by
Nat Emerson and Ernest Dlehl of Cincin
nati, 2-6, 2-6, 7-5. 6-2, 6-3.'"
In the finals In singles Collins defeated
Emerson, 6-2, 6-3, 6-1.
In the finals in ladles' doubles Miss Nona
Clostcrman and Miss Carrie Neely of Chi
cago defeated Miss Myrtle McAteer of
Pittsburgh the Western champion, and
Miss Mary Wilier of Washington, 6-3, &-«.
In the finals in mixed doubles Miss Clos
terman and Mr. Dlehl defeated Miss Cra
ven and R. H. Hunt, the Callfornlan, 4-6,
9-7.10-8.
St. Roche 104. Bird Pond 100. Minnie Johnson
109, Ringwalt 1C9, also ran.
FOURTH RACE^ — Six furlongs, handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Fltzkanet. 108 ( J. Sheehn) 7 4 13
16 to 5— MUs Mae Day. 10» (Trxlr) 112 6
7 to 2— Kindred. 107 (D. Hall) 2 2 3 3
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
W. L. Roger's b. h. by Fitxjames-S«>kanet.
Golden Glitter 91, Bridge 92, Stand Pat 99,
Lady Idrls SO, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One mil*, selllny.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 1— Hook Se Oka. 10O (F. Smith) 15 11
7 to 2— Our Lady. 100 (D. Austin). 2 4 2 1
7 to 2— Aules. 108 (Troxler) 8 6 38
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won handily. Win^
ner. R. C. Fanis & Co.'s br. f. by Scorpion-
Ten Ban. Neversuch 95. Mllas 108. Jack Mc-
Ginn 110, Mrs. Wlggs 89, Helen Hay 85. Em
ma Meyer 90. Beata 105, La Rouge 105, Roch
ester 107. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards, sell-
Betting. Horse. Weignt. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 1— Mrrls Vlmr.lO2(A.W.Bakr) 2 3 12
15 to 1— Weird. 90 (F. Smith) S\l 2n
10 to 1— Lunar, 105 (W. Watson).. 8^31
Time, 1:47 Vi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. T. Moore's b. h. by Devotee-Lacka
w anna. Henry of Franstamar 89. Rollick II
D7, Star Oaier 102, Pierce J 107, Galanthus 94.
Immortelle 83, "Tom Crabb 94, Felton 99. also
ran.
Second race, six furlongs, purw — William
Snlzer 107. Eisuka 105. Tloga 105, Mlmo 107.
Sid Silver 107, Swift Candle 105. Dolly Gray
103. Dottle Shute 103, Pettljohn 107. Olonets
107.
Third race six and a half furlongs. selling-
La Cache S3. Wellesl*y 101. Kingstelle 9».
Charles C 104. Reducer 101, Temptress 105.
Aylmer Bruce 86. Clalea 10«. Sister Lillian 98,
Northern Spy lOt. MacBeth 104, John Terkes
112.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Home-bred «takfa
— Zirl 85. Deutschiand 11.5. Crolx <i'Or 107.
Action 100. Bas 4'Or 110 (Crolx J'Or and Bas
d'Or. William Mulkey's entries).
Fifth race, one and a stxteenth miles, handi
cap — Orris 0*. Kenova 9O. Lady Strathmors
lOi. Light Opera ¦>>, The Messenger 92.
Sixth race, one and an eighth nilles. belling —
Judge Cantrlll 87. Ivernla 101. W. B. Gates
100. Lindenelta 103. Josie F 100.
Seventh race, on* mile and seventy yards,
nellln*— Ida Penzance 100. Little Lois 105. Joe>
Doughty 103. Eugenia S 99. Countess Clara 9^.
Lunar 102. Varner 10.1. Elira Dillon 101. Tony
Leppinir 102. Pamplona 103. Pierce J 103.
Brown Vail 103.
ST. LOL'IS SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
First Race — Mnfnldn, Ocyrohe.
5cm 1 per.
Second Race — Olonetx, Pettljohn.
Tloea.
Third Race — MacBeth, La Cache,
Aylmer Brace.
Fourth Race Crotx d'Or. B*S
d'Or, ZIrl.
Fifth Rac«— Kenora, The Mextea*
Brr, Lady Strsthmore.
Sixth Race Joule F, Jartsre Can*
trill. Llndenella.
Serenth Knee — riercc J, EUta
Dillon, Broirn Vail.
NATIONAL CHALLENGE
TROPHY IS ENGLAND'S
Victorious American Rifle Team Will
Sail for Home To-Day on
the Lucania.
BISLEY, England, July 24.— England
won the national challenge trophy to-day
with a score of 1S2L Wales was second
with 1S05, Scotland scored 1S04 and Ire
land 1733.
The shooting of the second stage of the
King's prize was concluded this after
noon. Private Gray of the London Scot
tish-Volunteers, who won the bronze
medal in the first stage of the competi
tion, won the silver medal after & tla
with three others with a score of 1S3.
LONDON. July 24.— The members of tha
American rifle team which won the Pal
ma trophy at Bisley recently, will sail
for home to-morrow on the Cunard liner
Lucania. They were entertained at tea
this afternoon by Secretary Whit© of
the United States Embassy.
Embassador Choate and many dlstin-*
gutshed persons of American and British
nationality were prpsent. HSSS
PUGILISTS and actors were as
I numerous as gopher holes in.
. the large field at Croll's Gar
dens, Alameda, yesterday aft
ernoon during a baseball bat
tle waged between the Jim Cor
betts and the Tom Corbetts. which lasted
four acts and five rounds. When the
gong sounded at the end of the final
round and the curtain fell, Harry Co
nard, who officiated as scorer, announced
that the Toms had tallied 31 runs Vhlle
the Jims had crossed the plate but 23
times. Conard's reputation for honesty
is above par, but there were some of the
Jims who wanted Harry's accounts ex
perted before a decision was rendered.
Conard asserted that before he would un
dertake to score another such game he
would give his right wrist a course In
FITZKANET WINS WITHOUT EFFORT
IN A HANDICAP SPRINT AT DELMAR
ticed Dill from Fischer's Theater; Yank
Kenny and George Fuller, fighters; Jack
Gleason. Ike Tuckler and Leo Nolan. The
latter disclosed his bravery by assuming
the role of umpire for a brief spell. Glea
son's pitching. Fuller's backstop work
and Tom Corbett's all around performing
were more than Brother Jim and his men
could overcome. Tom registered three
times In one Inning when nobody was
looking but Scorer Conard.
In the morning Corbett boxed with Ber
ger and Kenny and after that went out
with Tommy Ryan for a short walk and
confidential talk. Ryan, who Is staying
in this city, Is a regular visitor at Cor
bett's training quarters. The sage boxer,
who did much to bring Jeffries to the
fore in the pugilistic world, is Imparting
to shrewd Jim knowledge that the latter
will doubtless make use of In his coming
battle with the champion.
physical culture under the direction of
Professor Tommy Dare to enable It to
withstand the strain of much pencil
wielding.
In the Jim Corbett team with the ex
champlon were such players as Barney
Bernard and Kolb, from Fischer's Thea
ter: Sam Berger and Frankle Nell, box
ers; Horace Egbert and Al Veiller. Jim
tried his good right arm at twirling and
also frolicked around in short field. Ban
tam Frankie Nell wore the big glove and
mask and stood up bravely in front of
the straight from the shoulder volleys
that the heavyweight sent in. Veiller
played an errorless game. He did not
have a chance. Bernard and Kolb for
got funmaklnsr for a time and went Into
the game to do or die. They did the
best they knew how and both are alive
yet.
With Tom Corbett in his nine were no-
JIM CORBETT AND ONE OF HIS HERCULEAN BOXING PARTNERS IN A FRIENDLY STRUGGLE* AND SOME
OF THE WELL KNOWN SPORTING MEN WHO VISITED THE HEAVYWEIGHT YESTERDAY AT CR0LL"S
GARDENS, ALAMEDA, AS THEY LOOKED TO CARICATURIST WARREN.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— Benjamin G. Hill,
who killed his wife last November, was hanged
at the United Statea jail here to-day. Hill
was a Grand Array veteran.
fourth lost the game for New Tork, as the
Boston batsmen hit Griffith consecutively dur
ing: the remainder of the Inning and tallied
fiv« runs. Attendance, 2400. Score:
n. "H. u.
Boston 8 12 , \
New York ...2 '• 12 2
Batteries— Gibson and Criger; Griffith, How
ell and Crowetl. -
Maynard Easy for Young Corbett.
PHILADELPHIA, July 24.— Billy May
nard of this city was knocked out in the
first round by Young Corbett to-night at
the Industrial Athletic Club. The men
were to have boxed six rounds. Maynard
was In prime condition, but Corbett was
a trifle fat. The fight, as far as It went,
was fast and all In the champion's favor.
A few seconds before the bell sounded
ending the round Corbett caught Maynard
on the Jaw with a right, sending him
down and out. Maynard was knocked
down three times during the fight.
Acting under thp advice of his physi
cian Jeffrie?! will do network for several
days. A pet bear at Harbin Springs bit
Jeffries on the left lee last week. The
wound was hyaline until the champion
injured it twice, aggravating the wound.
Jeffries is In rugged health and a rest
until Monday Is expected to set him
r.?\.\.
Jeffries Nursing a "Wound.
Seven-sixteenth mile, trotting and pac
ing, two and three years olds— Walkover
for Alma in two heats.
Throe-eighths mile, handicap, for ponies,
had four Hartrrs— Clark's Oro defeated
Boes-eke'si Commotion by a length.
The prettiest and most closely contested
race of the day was the three-quarter
mile for horses carrying 150 pounds. The
starters wore C. W. Clark's famous De
coy. Boeseke'e Respirator and . Slack's
QulckM*>p. Decoy was the favorite at 2
to 1. Respirator came under the wire
fully three lengths ahead or the favorite.
MJle trotting rac*. free for all— Won by
Athavon in two wtraight heats; McKey's
Monroe Jr. second in each.
Quarter-mile for ponies — Boeseke's
Commotion won easily In :25 1-5.
SANTA BARBARA. July 24.— It was a
day for favorites In the running and trot
ting race* of the second day trophy races
of the midfummcr tournament. Several
of the best horses on the coast, driven by
owners, participated and there was some
heavy betting. In the first race, half-mile
for Galloways carrying 150 pounds. Wil
son's Deacon won in 'M 2-5.
Excellent Horses Take Part in the
Trcphy Races at the Tour
nament.
FAVORITES CAPTURE
SANTA BARBARA HONORS
SAN DIEGO. July 21.— The beau
tiful silver challenge cup pre
sented to the Corinthian Yacht
Club of San Diego by Sir
Thomas Lipton H undoubtedly
the most artistic trophy ever
owned by a Pacific Coast yacht club. It
is of ornamental design and stands on
an octagonal ebony base. The cup Itself
Is twenty-seven inches high and with^he
base Is thirty-two inches. On the sides
of the base are silver Inscription cards
for the names of the victors.
The bowl is a beautiful piece of work
manship, covered with nautical charac
ters, festoons of flowers worked In silver,
and other designs. On one side of the
cup are two racing yachts under full
DXXGGLEBY'S PITCHING
* SHUTS OUT NEW YORK
Philadelphia Hits Matthewson Hard
in Game Before Great Crowd
in Quaker City.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 24.— Duggleby fairly
outpitched Matthewson to-day and New York
was shut out. Attendance. 19.000. Score:
H. II. E.
New Tnrk " £ {
Philadelphia 3 "
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Dug
el eby and Roth. Umpire-Em«He.
ROSTOV July 21 — Willie 1 wildness, Tenny*i
tendance. 2100. Score: £
7 8* 2
Brooklyn *.'.[[ 3 12 S
and RItter; Wllli. and Mo
ran. Umpire— Johnstone.
PITTSBURO Pa.. July 24.— Leach won In
Pittsburg -• 4 12 o
St LouU
Batterie. - PhllMl- and Smith; M. O'NeU
and J. O'Xell. ; Umpire— Moran.
rim'AGO July 21.— Hard hitting in the
illHil
Attendance. 2S00. Score: r £
Chicago • I \\ I
Cincinnati °
Batterie.-Taylor and Kiln*; Hahn and
Berger. Umpire— O* Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 21. -Chicago had to
day's game won up to the ninth Jnnlnff. In the
ninth a triple by Carr. followed by three « n
glc«, tied the .core. For five Inning, after
that It wu a great, pitchers' battle between
KlMlnger and Patterson. In the fourteenth
McGuire'. eingle. followed by Cf«-« d^ ve o »jV°
rlBbt field, ended things. Attendance -<>0u.
Score: R. H. E.
Detroit • % \9, i
Chicago ••• * J " **
Batteries— Mullin. Kissinger and McCSuire;
Patterson and McFarland. '
WASHINGTON. July 24.— Washington won
Its first game of the season from Philadelphia.
To Wilson, the former Philadelphia pitcher. Is
due the lion's share of the credit. Attendance.
l0Sa SC ° re: R. H. B.
Washington 5 11 ; 1
Philadelphia. .4." .8 \,*
Batteries— Wilson and Ktttredge; Bender and
Shreck.
CLEVELAND. July 24.— St. Louis shut the
locals out In a well-played game, Sudhoff
pitching great ball. Wallace's fielding wus
the feature. Attendance, 4100. Score:
U. K. K.
St. Louis 2 12 2
Cleveland 0 o 1
Battwies— Budhoff and Kahoe; Dorner, Bern
hard and Abbott. , .
NEW YORK, July 21.— Ganzel's error in th«
sail, worked out in relief from the solid
metal. Below is an enameled shield In
nat'onal colors, and directly above the
emblem of the Corinthian Yacht Club
enameled in the club colors and crossed
with the initial letters, "C. Y. C". Around
the cup Is the lettering. "The Sir Thomas
Llpton Challenge Cup." On the lid is a
Spanish caravel, the Santa Maria. Sur
mounting the whole Is a winged figure of
Victory-
The cup was obtained through the ef
forts of Louis Blochman, who was for
merly commodore of the club. It 13 ex
pected to attract the attention of yachts
men throughout the Pacific Coast. It Is
likely yachts will come from northern
ports to try to win the tropny. The con
ditions accompanying the cup are detail
ed in the deed of gift, and are mutually
satisfactory.
GALLAGHER'S CLEVERNESS
TOO MTJCH FOR MORENA
Heavy- Weights Fight Four Cautious
Hounds Before Large Crowd
at San Francisco Club.
Andy Gallagher, the Olympic heavy
weight, used his cleverness to good ad
vantage in his little engagement with
Walter Moreno, last nieht at the San
Francisco Athletic Club. The men fought
four rounds as the main event of the per
formance and Gallagher won all the way.
The show as a whole was an exceptionally
good one and the tiny gymnasium was
crowded to almost twice its capacity.
Gallagher, by his victory last night, re
tains his claim to the amateur champion
ship of the coast. His opponer.t was a
trifle shy in the rush game and failed to
hustle Gallagher around as he should.
Andy displayed his remarkable cleverness
throughout and landed the only punches.
Morena was In splendid condition, while
Gallagher was about the reverse. Still
the latter always looked out for himself
in the tight places and did some pretty
blocking- For a heavyweight amateur
match' the fight was decidedly tame. Not
a solid wallop was landed by either man
during the four rounds.
Kid Parker returned to the ring again
and put Jack Hart to the world of dreams
in two rounds. Harry Tenny rushed
Chick Bowman around till the latter
dropped at the end of the first. Mike
Synfy knocked Harry Brown out In four
rounds. Billy Perkins was finished by
Frank Borsl In. two and Billy Desmond
lowered the colors of Joe Lewis In the
third. '
ARTISTIC AND VALUABLE CHALLENGE TROPHY WHICH SIR THOM
AS LIPTON HAS PRESENTED TO THE CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB
OF SAN DIEGO FOR COMPETITION.
6i>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
BRIGHTON BEACri. July 24.-Cay
Boy, owned by Clarence H.
Mackay up to the time of the lat
ter s retirement from the turf last year,
.won the six furlong handicap at Brighton
Beach to-day. It was the only event in
which tnere was anything like "class"
end not in a lone time has Gay Boy
looked so well. Hi? present owner, Fred
crick Gfbhard. was not present to see
the horse's victory. Gay Boy never was
In danger of being headed after the start,
and when he had passed the post first
and the time was hung out— 1:12 4-5— It
•was realized that the track was never so
fast before this year.
G. B. Morris, who was second with
Gravina in the Brighton Oaks yesterday,
protested thf» stakes to-day, claiming that
IJirchbroom. the winner, had been racing
In the West under the name of S. W.
Street. Birchbroom won the Oaks under
the name and colors cf James R. Kenne.
She is properly registered with the Jockey
t'iub and probably no action will be
taken. James R. Keene leased the run
ring Qualities to Dr. Street, whop© name
«=he has been running under In the West.
Pammarj 1 :
FIRST RACE— Fix furlong*; purse; 2-year
rvlds:
l<«*ting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. =i Fin.
JO to 1— Divination. 112 (Hicks)... 4 112
2 to 5 — The Southerner. 102 (Gan
non) 5 3 23
60 to 1 — Oetobtr Flower. 119 (Wll
fcerson) 3 6 33
Time. 1:13. Start rood. Won driving. Win
rs>r. Mexican Stable's ch. I. by Horoscope-
White Rose. Donnelly 102. Gold Dome 102.
Uijilomat luO. also ran.
SECOND RACE— HigfcTreight Handicap; six
Tur'.ons*:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin,
« to 1 — Gay Boy. 1US <Bu!lman).. 1112
jo to l— G. Whlttier, 116 (Gannon) S 4 2h
4 to 1— Ingold. 117 (Bum) 3 2 3 2
Time. 1:12 4-5. Start fair. Won cleverly.
Winner F. Gebhard's b. c. by St. Savior-Or
li«>. Flying Buttress 107. Syrlln 118. Neither
one l><2 ljemurr<>r 113. Monte Carlo 109, Oper
ator 122. Mary Worth 110. Orion" D7, Knight of
Harlem 105. Honner 120, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; 2-year-olds;
Ff.lijig:
Bfttir.K. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
l.> to 1 — Sailor Knot. 107 (Coch
rane) 6 6 12
7 to 2— Ishlana. 105 <Redfem> 112 2
*» to 1— Short Cake. 103 (Fuller).. 10 9 3h
Time. 1 :14 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner H. F. Meyers" b. c. by The Sailor
Prlnce-Seabird. Silent Water S9, Tendererest
S*0. Porr.pano 106. Revelation 99. Anna Hasting
IijO Fern Rock 107, Escobar HO, Mis* Shyloek
:(»»,' Luminosity K>7. Emergency :07, Extra Law
l<Ci. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap:
lietlir.g. Horf-e. Weight. Jorkey. St. % Fin.
in to 1 — Colonfay. li£» «Fu!ler) 2 111
6 to r. — W. R. Condon, 112 (Red
fern) 1 3 2h
20 to 1— Bar le Due. 102 <Conn*U). 5 4 3 1
Time, 1 :53 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. C. Daly's ch. c. by Inverness-Black
<ap. Satr.bo 117, Cogswell im, Flara. 100, also
ran.
# FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
T.-year-olds and up: selling:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to J — Cinrinnstus, Hi* (D» Sauza) 1113
7 to J — Homertead. Ill <Ful!er).. 6 4 2h
3."# to 1 — Lord Advocate, 107 tRed
rerr.) 2 2 3 3
Time. 1 :47. Start poor. Won easily. Win-
TiT, T. McGovern's ch. c. by Ornament-Emma
Primrose. Pctra II 110. Early Eve 9S. Courte
nay 100. L^lpfic lfSS. Anak 10». Merrymaker
Ji*5. Ijalsy Green 104, also ran.
SIXTH RACK — One and a sixteenth miles;
rujre; maiden 3-year-oMs and up:
P.<>ttsnir. Horw, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
+; to S — Hyland. 1C5 (Burns) ,. 5 2 12 1
'.'. to 1 — King Carter. 1C5 (Mat
thews) 7 4 2h
10 to 1— Amint*. |06 <FuI3er) 4 1 3 2
Time. 3 .-JS 3-5. Start bad. Wen ridden out.
fTlmaer. F. Clarkson* br. c. by Mirthful-Kau
mi*. Albany Girl 1<K». Roya! Pirate 102.
Thourhtlep* 1W». Ben Cotta 110. Lord Sterling
KC. X>d*Fbork H)2. Vartray 102. William Stead
l'«;. n. C. Earrett 107, also ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Weather clear; track
a<-t. Entries:
Fin-t race, five and a half furlongs, two
'ear-oM*—Petunia 109. Gold Tip 102. Ned
Book UO. liob Turpy 1J2. OradeJl 99. My Sls
*r 'M. H*-a<1 Lad 102. Hazel wood 112. Topic
«>2. Hr:i» of Wakefleld M>. Glad Smile 93.
hi-.M-r T--2. Deatter '•<"¦*. Ointment V9.
Seoon^i rac. Aintre* steeplechase, about two
md a half rr.ile? — Uavator 1C5. Tip Gallant 160.
vorhor.e 1". Fulminate 158. Judge Phillips
.42. Mar.ilian 130.
Third rare, six furlong*. Xeptunc- rtakes —
Midshipman 107. fi r Carter 107. Ormonde*!
fright 107. fellow Hammer 107. Juvenal
Maxim 1<«7, Peotaor 112. lOrraonde's Right
»n<1 Yrllow Wf«nmfr. Paget entries.)
Fourth rare, one and a quarter miles. Brigh
ton I>erby— Riv.r I'lrste 12<i. Charles Klwood
1<«. Rii-o<lon 12<i. Cardinal Wolsey 111. Tanta
lus Cur. l<"'. Slave it*;, ir.yria 115. (Rfgodon
sn-l Cardinal Woltey. Ketn»> entries )
Fifth ra.,>. one and an eighth miles. handi
cap—Lux Ca^ta 12". Sambo J10. Mackey Dwyer
HO. Sir Voorhies ltju. Lady Potentate 8S. Daly
W. Blue Victor «7. * .
Sixth race, five furlor.jrn, neUing— Roue 110.
Double Six 1<«. Forward inj. Oscood 102.
Rrunewick 110. Baike! loi. Huxton 1O5. Judge
Fulton »4. Interval ST. General Prig 105. Kht
:ai 111. Ifia 10S. May AU-n ir»4. Presentation
11«. F»ran:a?s 113. Our .Vu^ret 1C7. Locket
tl". Candling 113. Eloim lf>. Ascension 108.
nniGiiTox BBAcn selections.
<By «.he New York Telegraph.)
Flrnt llniT I'.Tuiiln. Glad Smile,
I'hHIMT.
Serond llarr—Tlp Gallant, Fnl
inlnntr. I.nini.rr.
Tlilrd Itof^^^Pe-nlatir. Ormonde'*
nicrlit. Vrllow llnintner.
Koorth flare Charles Kin nod,
$lavr. Itlcndnn.
Fifth Hn«-«- 1, tit Canla, MockfT
livrye-r. Sir Voorblei.
Sixth flare Double Six, Oar Xhr-
Ket, Forward.
Longshots Have a Merry
Inning, Only One Favorite
Catching the Judges' Eye
With 125 Pounds Up, the
St. Savior Colt Negotiates
Six Furlongs in 1:12 4-5
GAY BOY RUNS
IN FAST TIME
AT BRIGHTON
LIPTON CHALLENGE CUP
AN ARTISTIC TROPHY
Noted Irish Sportsman Presents Valuable Prize
to the Corinthian Yacht Club of San Diego for
Annual Competition Among Small Yachts
SPORTS OF THE RACE TRACK, THE PRIZE RING AND WATER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 25, 1903.
Champion Middleweight an Interested Spectator in the
Training of the Challenger for the Heavyweight
Title— Actors and Boxers on the Baseball Field
TOMMY RYAN SETTLES DOWN
NEAR CORBETT IN ALAMEDA
9League Holds Meeting.
The. Forty-first District Club , of the
United Republican League met at 2763
Laguna v street last night. President
Lewis J.Beedr was in; the chair. The
first speaker of the evening was * Judge
Bahrs. He was followed by Julius 1 Kahn,
who made a stirring speech, during which
he said that It was necessary to. have
harmony prevail In the Republican ranks
in order to insure success at the ; coming
election.
REDDING, July 24.— The office of Dis
trict Attorney Dozier, was forcibly en
tered last nisht and the safe was robbed
of $150 in cash and $3605 In checks.' Of the
checks $500 worth are Indorsed and as the
law firm has no record of the names that
amount will be* lost in addition to the
cash. ¦ v
Burglar Takes Coin and Checks.
DETROIT, Mich.. July 24. — Dr. Donald Mc-
Lean, one of the most noted surgeons in the
Pt«te. died t to-day from gastro-enterltls. in
l«70 Dr. McLean b'came professor of surgery
at the Jjnlversity of Michigan . and held the
chair until 1SS9. In 1SD4 he waa president of
the American Medical Association.
The president, Walter H. Harris of
Hanford, presided this : evening. The de
votions were begun by Miss Lily Hatch
of Sacramento. The address was by the
Rev. W. E. Story of Sacramento on "The
Young People's Movements Amid the
Movements of Our Time."
SANTA CRUZ, July 24.— The annual
convention of the Baptist Young People's
Union of Northern and Central California
commenced this evening at the Audi
torium and is attended by members of all
young people's societies In the Baptist
church of California. The officers of the
convention who have be.en. doing the work
during the past year are: President, the
Rev. Walter H. Harris of Kanford; vice
presidents, G. Lester, Alameda; D. W.
Thurstoh, Santa Clara; H. . A. Hoyt,
Corning; G. W. Fln!cy, Covelo; .F. r!
Jackson, Clovis; secretary, Miss Clara
Hayden, Red Bluff; corresponding -sec
retary, Mrs. Estella RekT Kemp, Oakland;
treasurer, Profespr J. LeRoy DIxon, Palo
Alto; educational leader, T. G. Brownson,
D. D., Oakland; superintendent of Chris
tian citizenship, N. L. Freeman, Vallejo;
superintendent of outstatlon evangelism,
L. H.- Wright, Woodland; superintendent
of Tenth Legion. C. S. Thomas, Stockton •
superintendent of Quiet Hour, Miss Lily
Hatch, Sacramento; superintendent of
Social Purity, Mrs. Nellie Scott Harris of
Hanferd. : '.v 1
YOUNG CHURCH FOLK
MEET IN CONVENTION
Annual Session of the Baptist Organ
ization Begins at Santa
. Cruz.
The proposed plank was adopted by the
club, after '. which an adjournment was
ordered. , . . .
We also promise to submit to the . people
an amendment to the charter, giving the Su
pervisors the right to establish rates and con
trol the business of the telephone companies in
the city and county of San Francisco to ' the
end that the unequal charges and poor service
of the telephone monopoly may be remedied. <
. The Democratic Municipal League Club
of the Thirty-seventh District held a
meeting last evening In Phillips' Hall.
Devisadero street. After speeches had
been made. Charles Wesley Reed pre
sented for adoption the following, with
the request that the delegates to the com
ing convention be Instructed to support
it and secure, if possible. Its Incorporation
Into the platform on which the party will
make ita fight: *^
We belfeve the paramount Issue of tne rom-
Inp election .to be the, municipal ownership of
public utilities. We pledee cur candidates for
Mayor and Supervisors to submit ti> t|i* people
of Kan Francisco propositions for the ownership
hy them of their public utilities, counting as
first in importance the owntng by the* city of
its own water system, having as Us source of
supply the pure waters of the Sierras, and
next the taking o\er by the city of its street
railways as- the franchises of private corpora
tions lapse, beginning, with th« Oeory-'«treet
road, whose franchise expires In November of
this. year.- Pending. municipal ownership we
pledfte cur nominees for Mayor and Supervisors
to effect a substantial reduction In the present
exorbitant water rates, and to revise the j. res
ent Inequitable water ordinance to the end that
poor water consumers .will get their water as
cheap as the : corporate "friends of the Spring
Valley Water Works, instead of pnying: double,
as is'now the case under meter rates.
We promise a reduction In the rates estab
lished by 'the Supervisors for gas and electric
lights, which have, been shown by -r<>cent
events to be much too. high. .
ADOPTS PROPOSED PLANK.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. July 24.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
Henrik Henrisken. San Francisco, 2S. and
Hulda M. Simpson. Oakland. 23: Manuel
A. de Avila, 23. ind Maria L. Sllva, 17.
both cf Alvarado.
LONDON. July 24.^Th« Stock Exchange
will be closed- Ausrust 1 and 3.
. The officers elected for the cominjf year
were: President, 'Thomas G. Plcton.
Chlco; vice president, R. E. Jope, Wil
liams, recording secretary, Mrs. Clara
GUIespie. Berkeley; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. McWUUams of Sacramento.
Sunday-Schools in Session.
SANTA CRUZ. July 24.— The State Sun
day-school Convention began to-day at
Gar field Park and It represents all the>
Sunday-schools In the' Christian churches
of California. C. W. Jopson of Los Gatoa
presided and announce' the committees
as follows: Nominating— J. C. Williams.
Gilroy: L. O. Ferguson, Modesto; M.-s.
Hiram Van Kirk, Berkeley; Mrs. W. F.
Reagor. Sacramento: F. H. Lawson.
Stockton. Resolutions and future work—
S. A. Nesbltt, Fresno; Thomas Flcton.
Chlco; I. H. Hazel. San Jose; L. A. Pier.
Santa Clara; Mrs. McMillan of Sacra
mento.
Miss Sutton says that she is not going
to make a case of "off with the old love,
on with the new," but will play tennis as
hard as ever and strive to wrest the
championship laurels from her sister at
Santa Monica and later at San Rafael.
-Miss Sutton's older sister, Miss Ethel,
was married very suddenly at the San
Rafael tournament last year to B. O.
Bruce of this cltv and the union has
proven a very happy one. v v<
. Miss Sutton won the Pacific Coast
championship at San Rafael two years
ago and was twice champion cf Southern
California. No one has defeated her In
recent vears, save her sister, . May, ».«ie
present champion. Young Hoag Is also
a tennis expert and a i reat traveler.
Since leaving Stanford | three years ago
he r-.s visited nearly every country of
the globe and holds the champ4onshlp of
Slam. - He had heard of the Sutton sisters,
whose reputation among tennis players
ia world-wide, and being In this part of
the country resolved to see them play*
at the tournament at Ocean Park July 2.
There he was introduced to the sisters
and straightway oegan paying particular
attention to Miss Violet. She reciprocated
his admiration but the ume was not suffi
cient for Cupid to complete- the conquest
and Hoag followed the Suttons to Santa
Barbara the following week. They stayed
at the Hotel Potter, where the soft sea
breeze blew, and he whispered words of
love to the fair young tennis champion.
She replied coyjy.and at length accepted
him and announced the affair among 'a
few of her dearest friends,, each one
promising to keep it quiet. They had
been acquainted less than a week when
they became betrothed.
PASADENA. July C4.— Local tennis cir
cles have be«n much excited by the an
nouncement of the romantic engagement
of Miss Violet Sutton. one of the well
known Sutton sisters, tennis champions
of the Pacific Coast, to Harold Hoag, a
wealthy young Engllsnman.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Miss Violet Sutton Will
Wed a Wealthy
Englishman.
PARIS. July 24.— Five witnesses ex
amined in connection with the Fair will
case declared that they had not seen at
the scene of the accident Moranne and
Mas, the cyclists, who testified In New
York that they were the only witnesses of
the tragedy on or near the scene of tho
accident. Mas has visited the scene with
counsel, with a view of preparing his de
fense In the present perjury charges
against him, and took topographical
photographs.
i •
Five Witnesses Declare They Did
Not See Cyclists at Scene
>. of Fair Tragedy.
DISCREDIT TESTIMONY
/ OF MORANNE ANT> MAS
The directors of the HIbbe . mine, near
Sheridan, Placer County, have decided to
begin active operations, so says the Re
publican-Argus.
Work has been resumed in part at the
Grass Valley Consolidated mine, so re
ports the Nevada County Miner.
Considerable Interest is manifested in
mining matters In Sierra County, so says
the Mountain Messenger. Chester Wright
ha3 purchased an\Interest in the Gold
Nugget placer mine, situated near Alle
ghany. Frank Gould of Oakland Is run
ning a tunnel In the vicinity of Fiddle
Creek, near Indian Valley, to tap the
ledge, which outcrops gold, silver and
copper. W. II. Corblere and M. D. How
ell, lessees of the Twin Eagle mine, six
miles east of Downlevllle, are reopening
an old crosscut and opening a new one
to tap an ore body. The owners of the
West Point Consolidated drift mines,
John Peckwlth and son and Henry
Spaulding Jr., have a tunnel in 1000 feet
and are in pay gravel. Up the* ridge a
mile and a half distant John Costa of the
Excelsior mine Is running a long tunnel
from the North Fork side to strike the
came channel that Interests the owners
of the West Point Consolidated mine. The
Telegraph drift mine Is erecting a stamp
mill. Good gravel has been struck, ac
cording to rumor, by Albert Labcree on
the Bouth Eide of South Fork. Laberee
is operating the Badger Hill gravel claim.
The Redding *Searchlight says:
A corporation has been formed to operate the
Yellow Rose of Texas mine, on Union Creole,
a tributary of Coffee Creek, In Trinity Coun
ty. It Is known as ¦ the Yellow Rose Gold
Mines corporation, and Its articles have been
nied with the Clerk of Trinity. County. The
officers are George L.. Carr, manager and pres
ident; Kred Grotefend. secretary; Bank cf
Northern California, treasurer, and J. C. Bod
diker, superintendent.' ,
IN HIGH SIERRA.
E. D. Brower. with a crew of men, has le^t
for Indian Sprinc*. where he will make the
preliminary errangrements for ihe drcJ^inir oi
the lands that have been bonded by Cli^ycnr.o,
Palmer &. Co.. through R. I. Thomas. He
will also examine other Kround which is f-ur»
ixised to be very valuable for gravel. This
land is two miles and a half In length, and i3
already horded to parties in this city, with
whom Messrs. Cheyenne and Palmer have b*en
negotiating for forac time. It is to be hci>«d
that the negotiations will be successful, as the
pro5pectlve buyers are said to be -men of
wealth and capable of sustaining this fmimr-
Unt venture. With the acquisition of the H"-
rltory In question the new company wou'd hav»
a stretch of ground that would reach from
Squirrel Creek to Deer Creek.
Dredger mining In Nevada' County Is as
suming large proportions, according to
the Nevada County Miner, which de
scribes recent moves to extend the field.
The Nevada County Miner says:
Tin City is six miles north of York and has
a I'opulation at present of about thirty per
rons. It !s so situated that vessels can be
loaded and unloaded by mean* of a cable. If
Tin City ha» got the tin to Justify the work
that i? beinK <5one and the improvements that
have been planned It w!l! be on the map of
the world before the close of this season.
come home from the Tork'tln resrion that the
people of Nome do not know much more about
the country than the inhabitants of Seattle.
Last season, wh^n it was reported that tin
lx"arinB rock : had been found in places, the
Dews r.-au received with a train of salt. But
thtt such a discovery has been made, and that
the ore is rich enough to mine, is strongly con
firmed in the report that Mr. Bartels le bring
ing in a thirty-fire thousand dollar smelting:
plant, and will begin the reduction of ore as
soon ae it can be erected.
The young man and the young woman
have been lovers for a long time, but on
account ci their youth their parents op
posed their marriage. In fact, that they
might forget each other, Mrs. Xepper car-
travelins hur.dreds of miles and
braving parental wrath did he succeed
in making Miss May Susan Nepper, for
merly of Salt Lake City, his bride. To
him Mrs. J. F. Nepper, the bride's mother,
owes the loss of her daughter, but now
that they have accomplished the deed she
has reconciled herself to the belief that
a man who will go to such lengths to
win a bride ought to make a pretty good
son-in-law.
B~ ¦ — ERKELET. July 24.— Henry E.
Monheim of Salt Lake City
knows what it Is to dare every
thing to win a bride. Only by
STOCKTON. July 24.-By a raid at an
early hour this morning the police fur
nished the city with a large-sized sensa
tion. Two alleged "stud poker" games
were pounced upon and the players were
taken to the police station. Among the
number arrested was Harry S. Dawson,
president of the City Council, and five or
six other men well known about the city.
The persons arrested were taken to the
police station at an early hour and put
up cash ball In order to obtain their re
lease. To-day formal complaints were
sworn to, the bail bonds were raised and
the arraignment was set for to-morrow.
Raid on a Poker Game in Stockton
Stirs Up a Great Sen
sation.
PRESIDENT OP COUNCIL
AMONG THE PRISONERS
Arriving here yesterday, Monheim met
Miss Nepper and they hurried to San
Francisco and were married. Later they
came home and told the bride's mother,
who accepted" the news with the best
grace possible. Mr. and Mrs. Monheim
are now on their way to Salt Lake City.
rled off her daughter to Berkeley and set
tled at 2226 Chapel street.
But separation did not quench the fire
of love. Miss Nepper informed young
Monheim of her new address and he made
up his mind he would do or die to have her
right away. No sooner had he made up
his mind to this than he acted, and leav
ing his position as electrical engineer,
took the next train for California. In
such a hurry was young Monheim to
catch* the train that he was nearly run
down by another train he didn't see ap
proaching.
CUPID CAPTURES
TENNIS EXPERT
AUSTIN, Tex., July 21.— The official
newspaper of the state of Mlchoacan,
Mexico, which is published under the di
rection of the Governor, says that the
most extensive and richest bed of copper
ore in the world has just been discovered
near the town of Tlnguindon, in that
State. The ore bed has been examined by
mining experts' and is said to cover an
area of 125,000 acres.
¦ Fourteen veins have been located. One
vein Is 200 meters wide and more than
20,000 meters long, extending on the sur
face of the soil. The discovery was made
by J. Ciceron Castillor, who has applied
to the Government for title to the prop
erty.
• **** •:-!"H«-K«K":"M":"i"H":":"i"i- •
Special Dispatch to The Call
ANDERSON. Ind.. July 24.— With on©
ounce of common salt, six ounces of pure
water, six ounces of 90 per cent alcohol.
all mixed In an ordinary glass dish, and
two ounces of aqua ammonia distributed
in five small plates and all covered by an
air tight glass tube. Dr. Charles W. Little
field of Alexandria, Ind.. this afternoon
declared that he had created life in the
form of thousands of atoms of animated
substances to well developed germs of life
and trllobites. According to Dr. Little
field only ninety minutes were consumed
while salt crystals were impregnated with
the hydrogen and volatile magnetism of
the chemical solution and transformed
Into living forces that Immediately sought
nourishment through mediums that Dr.
Littlefleld termed feeders, lacking any
technical names. It has not been deter
mined what the germs or atoms would
propagate. Dr. Littlefleld says he per
formed his experiments several times, all
with success.
Indiana Scientist Announces Success
of a Simple Experiment in
the Laboratory.
PHYSICIAN LAYS CLAIM
TO CREATION OP LIFE
Mexican Discovers Re
" markable Mineral
Deposit.
The court decided that title to the
property was not vested in the claimant
but in the Earl's son. William John Lyds
ton Poulett -who Is still a minor.
The defense denied the acknowledgment
by the late Earl of the claimant as his
son and asserted that on account of the
time tho Earl had known Miss Newman
prior to their marriage it was impossible
for the claimant to be his son.
The whole case turned on the question
of legitimacy of the claimant, whose evi
dence and also that of his witnesses was
that the late Karl adopted him as his
son by his marriage with Elizabeth La
vlnla Newman, whom he married In 1849
It was not denied that Miss Newman
prior to the marriage lived with an officer
Captain Granville. The claimant was
born after her marriage to the Earl It
was claimed that the birth was prema
ture, which was supported by medical
testimonv.
LONDON. July 24.-The Committee on
Privileges of the House of Lords to-day
decided against the claim of William
Tumour Thomas Poulett, Viscount Hln
ton, tha former organ grinder in the
streets of London, to the earldom o<,Pou
lett and in favor of the late Earl's son
by a later marriage.
Viscount Hinton Will Not Succeed to
the Poulett Estate and
Title.
ORGAN-GRINDER LOSES
CLAIM TO EARLDOM
Trie cadets are now making ready for
the last night in camp. To-morrow morn
ing decorating will begin. All the streets
will be beautified with bunting and Chi
nese lanterns. All the companies will
hava entertainments. The one at head
quarters will be the biff event of the
night. Taps will be prolonged until after
11 o'clock so that visitors may have a
pleasant night.
Many visitors from San Francisco and
other places are expected in camp on
Sunday. A military mass will be cele
brated in the morning by Father O'Ryan.
In the afternoon, shortly before the •"gen
eral" is sounded, which is the signal for
dropping the tents, there will be a dress
parade. A special train will convey tho
cadets to San Francisco and they will
probably arrive shortly after 6 o'clock.
The cadets are grateful to the good
Fathers of Santa Clara College for the
many courtesies shown them. The boys
are permitted to use the clubroom, gym
nasium, handball courts and shower bath3
and each day a large number of the Cath
olic soldiers devote an hour to exercise
and recreation. Their exercising is done
under the supervision of some of the
athletic priests.
themselves. The embryo medicos are al
ways on duty and are ready to give In
stant assistance to the afflicted. Dr.
Mogan is pulling teeth with regularity.
The regimental musicians visited San
Jose this afternoon and were the guests
of the Hotels Vendome and St. James.
They played a number of selections which
were enjoyed by the guests. Lieutenant
Williams has trained his aggregation
until they play with the skill of experts.
Colonel Power has had little sleep since
his arrival in camp. He Is a strict disci
plinarian and he stays up at night In
order to keep perfect quiet In camp. The
cadets fear his wrath and obey the com
mands of their officers with celerity. The
cadets regret that the "daughter of the
regiment," Colonel Power's pretty baby,
has not vlstted camp. The Colonel ex
pected his wife and little one down and
preparations were made to make their
stay a pleasant one.
A number of property owners within
the boundaries of the district proposed to
be assessed for benefits and damages for
the change of grade on Polk street ap
peared before the Board of Public Works
yesterday to protest against the improve
ment. The protestants, who Included ex-
School Director Denman, held that some
of the property to be assessed will not
be affected or benefited by the change of
grade and should not be assessed there
for. They argued that If the board per
sisted in ordering the grade to be changed
a much lareer district should be
assessed. Other property owners ex
pressed themselves In favor of . the Im
provement and the board decided to rec
ommend to the Board of Supervisors that
the work be done. The district to be as
sessed was left as originally agreed upon.
Board of Public Works Declines to
Enlarge District Proposed
to Be Assessed.
RECOMMENDS CHANGE OF
FOLK-STREET GRADES
tj -rj EADQUARTERS SAN FRAN
j—11 CISCO CALL, CAMP KENNE-
I I DY, SANTA CLARA, July 24.—
1L IX Franck's Hall presented an ani
mated appearance this evening.
It was crowded with officers and cadets
of the First Regiment. League of the
Cross, and the fair sex. It was the occa
sion of the officers' ball, which proved to
be the climax of an enjoyable week spent
In this place. The halt was beautifully
decorated for the occasion. The officers
wore white duck trousers and they con
trasted nicely with their blue ccats and
brass buttons. The invited guests came
from San Jose, and vicinity. As the long
line of dancers marched round the hall
to the stirring strains of the march played
by the reslmental band the spectators
applauded.
Colonel James E. Power was floor man
ager. He was assisted by Major George
Welch, Captain Will Hopper and Captain
M. Power. The reception committee con
sisted of the following oRlcers: Captains
Grlmley, McKlnley, Delury. Kendrick,
Mogan, Quinn, McCormlck, Eccles, John
son, Leonard, O'Dea, Rapp, Morey; Lieu
tenants Coghlan. Curtln, J. Welch, Mc-
Carthy, Thompson, Gallagher, O'Leary.
Meagher, Connell. Toomey, Smith, Fen
nessey, Hahley, Sears, MIley, Giddlngs,
Turnej*, Burke and Maloney. Refresh
ments were served and the dance did not
conclude until nearly midnlcht.
The camp was practically deserted this
afternoon. AH the cadets took rides to
points of interest In the vicinity. There
were many visitors and they examined
the tented homes with interest. Dress
parade proved, exceptionally good. The
officers and- men eo through this cere
mony without a break. The cadets have
profited by the drilling they have receive.d
under the direction of Sergeants Smith
and McCormlck of the United States
army.
The health of camp has been bet
ter than at any previous encampment.
Dr. Morrlsey and his corps of efficient
workers have had lots of time to enjoy
PROMINENT SHOULDER-STRAPPED MEMBERS OF THE LEAGUE OP
THE CROSS REGIMENT WHO HAVE CONTRIBUTED TO THE SUC
CESS OF CAMP KENNEDY AT SANTA" CLARA.
WILLOWS, July 24.— A violent earth
quake shock was felt here this afternoon.
The temblor had a twisting motion and
cracked a few walls.
COLUSA. July 24.— A severe eartbquaks
shock occurred uere to-day. It lasted
seven seconds, but caused no damage.
GRASS VALLEY. July 24.-One of tho
severest earthquake shocks ever felt here
happened at 10 minutes past 12 o clock to
day. The vibration seemed from south
west to northwest and lasted for ten sec
onds. Two seconds later a second shock
was felt, but it was very light. No dam
age was done.
SACRAMENTO. July 24.— A very dis
tinct earthquake shock was felt in this
city at 12:21 this afternoon. Windows ana
shutters were rattled, but no damage was
done. The shock lasted fifteen seconds.
CHICO, July 24.— Though the earth
quake which was felt In various towns of
Northern California this afternoon at 12:20
o'clock was of unusual severity here, no
damage was done. There were several
sharp vibrations.
Windows Rattle When a Terrestrial
Twister Visits the Sacra
mento Region.
SHABP TEMBLOR SHAKES
SOME INTEBIOB TO"WTTS
MARVELOUS BED
OF COPPER ORE
, . ; — ? "
CARACAS, July 24.— Order has been re
established at Ciudad Bolivar.
The following is a copy of the official
telegram sent by General Gomez, com
mander in chief of the Venezuelan forces,
who captured Ciudad Bolivar, to Presi
dent Castro, reporting the recent events:
On Sunday, July lf> the enemy cpened fire
en our lines. After n'fty hours' deadly strug
gle we reoccupled the city. The result ot our
victory is as Iol!ow3:
Inspecting the battlefield we find more than
1SWO men killed or wounded on both riiles.
Our side has to lament the dsath of General
Henrlpue Urdaneta.
On the side of the enemy General Aurello
Valbueno was killed and many otlicr officers
were captured, including twenty-<-lsht gen
erals, among them being Rolando Guzman,
Vasquez Farreras, Macedoledo and J-.uigo Sal
ae.iFui.-i, sixty colonels and many officers of
low rank. All the latter have been set at
libertr.
We also captured 3000 Mausers, six field guns
and 200,000 cartridges.
The traitor Ferr«ra» and other companions
escaped and are in hfdlns ia the city. .
Government , Commander Reports the
Capture of 3000 Mausers, Six
Field Guns and 200,000
Cartridges.
Each Sida Laments the
Lo3s of Many Braved
Leaded.
The shooting caused the horse to run
away and both women were thrown out
of the buggy, receiving further serious
Injuries. Mrs. Woods' husband, who had
quarreled with her. has been arrested.
\ - - ¦.• •
IiAK^CnTT. Colo.. July 21.— Mrs. Anna
Bailey and Mrs. Mary Wood were shot
from ambush last night about a mile
from town when returning from Lake
Shore. Mrs. Bailey Is mortally wounded
and Mrs. Woods Is In a serious condition.
The assassin, who was concealed among
rocks on the mountain side, fired a charge
of buckshot at the women as they drove
past. The charge struck Mrs. Bailey on
the right side of the face, neck and shoul
ders, cutting her wind pipe, tearing away
part of her nose and destroying one eye.
Many of the pellets penetrated Mrs.
Woods' body.
The forests and mountains will afford
vast quantities cf raw material. In the
valley straw Is plentiful for paper; hemp
is abundantly produced in Butte County
potatoes for starch-making can be grown
in large quantities; pugar beets thrive
luxuriously and with the advantages of
good climate and cheap power and un
limited raw material, sawmills, box fac
tories, paper mills and other establish
ments for making up articles from wood
will be established and this region ought
to become a vast center of manufacture
. A new tin country has. according to the
Nome Miner, . a fair chance to be de
retoped on the Seward peninsula. The
JUnfT says:
There l« everr Indication that before the
tUm». rit tfcU season Seward Peninsula, will be
*m* of the few regions of the world which
protw** tin. Captain E. L. West of the Meajn
*r (U*rm\n report* that he landed five different
parti"-* «fwl r-utflu <U York and Tin City dur
ir.jr H<« Urt trip. Among them is J. C. Nevln.
* w.ir.Ing #mrtn«-*r who. It U said, represent!
AMf-w Canif-Kl*: He will make an investiga
te *>1 thf tin pro«p«rta cf thl« district.
A f. • —.-.-» ':r !.'.M»«rt, at least of more lm
*-.*<»*t» fjr.f»"rta»<:-»-, I* what Captain West
my '.< fh* filan* of the company represented
Try Mr. ;:•¦¦'.'. Mr. Karuis chartered a
K!«/vr «"».»»¦ b l*fl Heattle May 20. ladea
»-!»R Jf/» U*r-* r/t mmthimry tor the construction
ftf m nrnfsxrf mt\A •»! *-t*Ktric plant at Tin City.
/ f<v?*# f/f rr,*?i rrmnn-iHl with th* Bsrtels
• ¦,...,-,. «p*t» J*»>4«1 at Tin City to begin the
P4fK f/i r>f"f»'firig tb» ledrc and preparing to
Jto r •'. - • r'j--r'.t '¦'¦ * ', o .*..". I rlir.g nature bavo
- The development of electrical power in
Butte County will greatly benefit part3
of the Sacramento Valiey. This power
w!51 be transmitted through a large part
of the valley and will be used for llsht
and power In various towns and for
pumping water for irrigating orange
groves, orchards and vineyards, with San
Francjsco as the greatest consumer of this
wonderful power. >
It is understood that when the West
ern Pacific Railroad is completed up
F«a.ther River to Berkwith Pass and the
Butte and I'lumas Railroad is built from
Oroville up tho same stream to the heav-
Jly timbered portions of Plumas County,
both roads will be operated In the moun
tain regions with electrical power.
It has become lately known that the
Truckec Lumber Company, which owns
very extensive timber tracts on French
Creek and its branches, is planning an
electric road to handle its lumber.
WIIX USE ELECTRIC POWER.
number of tributary creeks afford fine fa
cilities for generating electricity. Among
these streams are French, Berry, Chino,
Swamp, Camp, Dogwood, Flea Valley,
Rock, Butte and other creeks. Several of
these carry 2000 inches of water and fall
1500 feet in a distance of a few miles.
At Centerville. on Butte Creek, the Bay
County Power Company has a plant es
tablished which generates SOW horse
power. This power is transmitted to the
dredger district near Oroville, to Colusa,
Chico, Gridley and Willows and other
valley towns for light and power pur
poses. At Nlmshew, some miles above
Centerville and. on the came stream, this
company Is now building another plant;
a. storage reser\-oir has been constructed,
steel pipes are being laid from this to the
power-house on Butte Creek; this power
house is nearly completed and most of
the machinery Is in place. The road lead
ing from the power-house to the reservoir
is five miles long and is one of the most
picturesque drives in the State.
This same company has a number of
men at work on an additional plant at
French Creek. One of the features of this
plant is a storage lake. A large sawmill
for the purpose of utilizing the pine tim
ber growing on the tide of the lake will
be in operation by the first of August. A
read !:ve miles in length is being con
structed to get the machinery for the
power-house down to its location on the
river. The water will be carried from the
lake to the power-house in two thirty-
Inch pipes.
THE NIAGARA OF CALIFORNIA.
The "Niagara of California" properly
describes the vast property now owned
end controlled by the Western Power
Company, a. corporation incorporated in
Los Angeles with a capital of 55,000,000,
and among whose shareholders are some
cf the most prominent capitalists, and
financiers of this State, Chicago, Boston
and New York, who, under the advice
end assistance of the leading hydraulic
end electrical engineers of the East and
West, have been quietly securing the
preat property and water rights compris
ing the Western Power Company. The
corporation is, by outright purchase, the
owner of about 15.000 acres of land. This
embraces all of Butte VfilXey and all of
the eastern arm of Big Meadows, the
source of the Feather River, and has been
eecured as sites for two enormous reser
voirs. The B'g Meadows reservoir itself
•will be the second largest in the world,
being surpassed only by the famous
Assouan reservoir, now being completed
In Egypt. The company has also appro
priated 120,000 inches cf the waters of the
North Fork of the Feather River and
Butte Creek to be used for power purposes.
This, in connection with the plant to be
r-Etablished at the Sower <%<! oi the his- i
tcrical Big Bend on the same stream.
Where the famous Big Bend tunnel is be- 1
ing utilized, will give a maximum ca
pacity of cy.QW horsepower. i
The North Fork fall? in the flirt ten !
miles below Eig Meadows over 2000 feet. I
The plans of the development of this j
gigantic property which have been pre- i
pared by the Western Power Company's j
engineers have been submitted to and \
approved by the engineers of the General '
Electric Company. AH of the waters to
be used for the generating of power will
be convoyed solely through tunnels,
which, as in the case of the completed
Big Bend tunnel, are to be driven through !
the so!Id rock so that the construction i
and maintenance of costly and hazardous '
flumes, ditchfs and pipe lines are abso
lutely avoided and the consequent and
over-present ri*k of the suspension of
light and power through the destruction !
of such conduits by the winter storms and !
Incidental risks are. for the first time
In the history of electrical power In Cali
fornia by water, absolutely eliminated.
In addition to these large streams a
about 75,000 Inches of water at dry season
end drops a long distance through Butte
County territory.
Fork, or main Feather River, carries
great flow of water descending from high
altitudes. The "West Branch fs a large
stream affording exceptional facilities for
generating electrical power. The North
Of prime importance to the mlnlngr in
dustry of this coast 1« the supply of
available electric power. In no part of
California are more remarkable electrical
developments being made at the present
time than In Butte County. The Feather
River, cutting the Sierras in twain, has
four large branches in this county, each
cf which affords eplendid facilities for
generating electricity.
The Middle Fork, coming down from
Beckwith Pass and Sierra Valley, carries
about 20,000 inches of water ana has a
descent cf more than 2000 feet within the
borders of Butte County. The South
Fork is a smaller stream, yet it affords a
Facilities for Mining Use
Are Being Created
Extensively.
Hundreds Die in the
Conflict at Ciudad
Bolivar. . •¦
Cowardly Shot From Ambush
on Mountain Road
. in Colorado.
Butte County Is Scene
of Development on
Vast Scale.
One Victim Fatally and
the Other Seriously
Wounded.
Officers of the League of the Cross Regiment
in Camp at Santa Clara Preside Over a Pretty
Social Event: in the Famous Mission Town
VENEZUELAN
TROOPS WIN
GORY BATTLE
PROVIDES GREAT
ELECTRIC POWER
ASSASSIN FIRES
AT TWO WOMEN
BEAUTY AND CHIVALRY
AT THE MARTIAL BALL
BRAVES PARENTAL WRATH
AND WINS A FAIR BRIDE
Henry E. Monheim, an Electrical Engineer, Journeys
From Salt Lake City, Outwits Mother-of Girl of
His Choice and Secretly Weds in San Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^"^ULY 25, 1903.
YOUNG COUPLE FROM SALT LAKE WHO "WERE MARRIED SECRET
LY IN SAX FRANCISCO IN SPITE OF THE OPPOSITION OF THE
BRIDE'S MOTHER.
WILKESBARRK. Pa.. Jul- 24.— Misi-Jessle
Brader. aged 19. died last night from tetanus
She was the eighth victim of lockjaw lri
Wllke.barre since July 4. . J Wla
UKIAH, July 24— Medical Superinten
dent King of the Mendocino State Hospi
tal has appointed F. C. Hanuy steward of
that Institution. A vacancy was caused
by the resignation of E. J.NIles. Handy
is a prominent Republican of this county
and. has just, returned from Honolulu
where, he .was chief deputy in. the United'
States Marshal's office. - -
Ukiah Asylum Steward Named.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— The treaty provid
ing for the acquisition by the United States of
the Danish West Indies officially died to-day.
10
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
•¦ . t -..- i'l BY
HENRY P. SMITH.
The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 28 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four,
inch Flemish- dark green oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
tions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VJ>1jtL r ff^ySL. yR_ % -f *¦*»—^ i .# I t«C
THE ONE WITH THE IMP— How in the world do you keep your baby so quiet
and happy thl» dreadful trying weather ?
THE ONE WITH THE CHERUB-Why It's the easiest thing in the world. I take
a CASCARET Candy Cathartic every night at bed-time. It makes mother's milk
mildly purgative, keeps the baby's bowels cool and regular, stops sour 'curd
and wind colic. They work while you sleep, you know- greatest blessing for
surslng mothers. j^ :.' FRIDAY,. July 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ¦ Bid.Adk.
4S qr.coup.. — * 111W 4s q c (ncw).135Vil.10U
¦4s qr reg...tll lll»i 3a qr coup.,108U10U
MISCELLANEOUS.'
Ala A W 6s. — — Oak T-6b... — 122
Bay CPC 5s. — 105»i Do 5s — - 1141$'
CC G St E." — ; 107H Do con 5s.'— 105 •
Cal G A E g Oceanic SC5s — ' 8.1 '
m and ct5s — 100 Om C R tfs..!24 125
Cal-st C 5s. — — ' Pac G Imp4c 66' - — ¦•
C C Wat 6s. — .103 P E By . 8s. — 10S
Ed LA P 6s.l28 — P &,C R 6s. — —
F a R es.-..ll«ti •— , P * O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — { Powell-st 6s.in»Vi —
.H C&S 5WslO2^i '— v S E GAR5a. — 104 :
CHiSDt - 100 SF & SJV5S.12O —
Stock and Bond . Exchange.
"The Brunswick Con. Gold Mining Company
has levied an assessment Of 5c, delinquent Au
gust 28. The asuessnient on the North Shore
Railroad stock, of which so much has been
said during the past severaKdays. Is $5 per
share, and becomes delinquent August ; 24. :
The Mount Tamaloals Scenic Railroad has
declared a quarterly dividend of 1 per cent
payable August 10. The net profits during the
past year were $14, COO. .
In the afternoon . Gas and Electric fell off
to $us, while Mutual Electric was higher at
$13 50 and Pacific Gas Improvement at $32 6(w>
53 ?5. : ' ' / . - : -
The Boston and , Mbntana Copper Mining
Company has declared a regular quarterly
dividend CA $2 per Share. f *
The Tas stocks continued -firm In the fore
noon. Gas. and Electric, selling higher at Jusi
the certificates at $68 50©t» 12«4, and .Mutual
Electric at $13 25. Pacific Lighting was steady
at $56. There was rather more doing In the
Oil stocks. •
WHEAT — Chicago was not. • materially
changed, but the pit was bullish, with good
buying of Wheat- and Corn, the latter being
affected by the hot,- dry weather throughout the
belt.'. ,. It^ is this strength In Corn -that chiefly
renders Wheat firm at the. moment. ' Predic
tions are made .that Wheat will sell higher v
unless unfavorably affected by Wall street do
presston. Thfe news from 'some 'sections 'of 'the '
Northwest Is I less favorable, rains are badly
needed In Manitoba, and even Kansas reports'
the threshing returns steadily falling off Kan
sas Is the only State now in which any large
movement Is expected.^. Nebraska. Kansas and
the Southwest- all -report hot weather with
drying winds.*. Stocks In the United States are'
said to be less than lft fifteen years./ with one I
exception, >nd crop expectations' are' now for i
635,000,000'Or-e50.000.000 bushels, against C70 •
OO0.00O. July 1.- --Corn promises three-quarters
of last year's yield. , Bradstreet's gives exports
of Wheat and Flour for. the week of July onlv
2.7SO.O0O bushels, which Is small.: •
• In this market futures are higher, and the
cash, grain is firm. : .. ,- ¦¦¦¦,
New Wheat. $1 37%®1 .42^ for shipping and :
$1 47«®1 62H for milling. • PV * . ¦
" 1 • CASH WHEAT.
' California Cliib. $1 40©l 42 W; California.
White Australian. $1 50©l 52f4: Northern
Club. $1 40©l 42H: : Northern Blue -Sum.
$1 48H61 60: Oregon Valley. $1 47ft. .
¦< • -'FUTURES.; •.. '
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
/..' Open. ¦'¦-¦ High. •• '.Low. Close
December ...$l*ni .IJ.4.1V $1 431; $1 43fi
May 1-45% 1 45H- 1 45H 1 46(5
-,.:-. . 2 p.' m. Session.; ; -t = .
. Open. , High. Low. Close
December V.i$I 43H •< $1 43 % $1 43% - $143}4
BARLEY — Is firm,: with a< very fair demand
and higher futures.. ,.... . .
¦n .- -CASH BARLEY.
Feed.-" new; $l'02Uiai 05: n«« shlnolng and
• I ¦ _.. ..;.:;-
Wheat and Other Grains.
i stock market:
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— • Bid. Asked.
Caribou OH Co ,. ¦ £•»
Four Oil: lit'in
Hanford pn..: 1-100 .
Home Oil 2 w *W
imperial OH....- •• ».«>.
Independence Oil »« , W
Junction Oil _ £ l
Kern Oil * S^ •••^
Mo o nte°cViVto oii:::::::.*:::;: .^5 " i«vs
•Monarch Oil.. £j »f-
Oil city Petroleum....- » 31..
Peerless OU •.. " «J .....
Reed Crude Oil... • _ »| « ;
San Joaquln Oil •» £-*B£~3E&
Sterling Oil 3 «> -i-i:
Tbirty-fhree Oil *W
Twenty-eight Oil * 40
Union QU ••• «» J^
United Petroleum 11* 00
West Shore CHI 3 2a
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land and Improvement 1 2j
Alne^n^&::.:::::-:::w^ i£$o
American District Tel....- .". .
Bay Counties Power. .....
Cal Central Caa an.l Electric ¦ : -.; > l£r,^a
Cal Cotton MllU MOO ...^
Cal Jockey Club..... 105 CO
Cal Shipping CoV'...-.* '• 25 CO ¦ 30 OA
Ca Title In* and. Trust. . - . . .130 CO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland CO CO 63 ft>
Chutes Company. 8 30
City and County Bank . .....
Cypress Lawn Imp t Co 9 12*» .....
Eastern Dynamite
Kwa Sugar Plantation. ........... :....
Kqultable (Pool) Gas ' -..;:.
Ga.-* Consumers' Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar. ....' 10 CO
London and & F Bank (Ld.).
Mercantile 'Trust *£uwt«**r*9
Northern Cal Power HSjfr&TJfH
Nevada National Bank.. fifi* ••'• y H
North Shore Railroad * 00
Orpheum Company 15 80 '
Pacific State* Tel and Tel 122 50
Paraffin* Paint 33 00
Postal Device and Imp't..'.. . :.*. . ...;..¦
San Francisco Dry Dock 47.00 '
nmplo was the Mexican Central securities, in
»hirh the firm of W. T. Stow & Co. was Ir.ter
t-?te<t. Th* failure ¦ resulted In a drop of 7>4
m Mexican Central, from l&y to II. There
•tre quit* a large number of low-priced rail
road stocks In which similar downward
r-!ung»*. although not so extensive, served to
• rou*e fears of combing failures. The aitustlon
would be a large commitment In some stock*
with the stock already acquired flmiring large
ly a* collateral for loans ari-J with the funds
«-mplo>>(3 in the market support and manipula
tion of the price. Bankers and money lenders
hav«- \^cn keenly on the scent of Mich condl
tion* t.ack of the money they have out on
loans and have grown more and more exacting
In r»ir«r4 to collateral 00 Mien loans and more;
sollcuouc to have them closed out with the
rhrink&ge in **eurltles values and the unVr
minlng of confidence. The failure of Talbof J.
Taylor is associated with the name of James
R. Ke*ne. although his name don not appear
In the t>artn*r»hip of the firm. Hut a family
connection and the well-known fact that the
firm often arts for him will connect the failure
in the public apprehension with the large
nock market operations which h* has con
ducted. The market management of J th«
United States 6teel stocks during the period
of their flotation and the conduct of a pool In
Southern Pacific stock will be looked upon as
having m outcome In the failures. The South
ern Pacific pool was credited with holding at
one time some 300 000 shares of Southern Pa
cific stork and Its challenge of the control of
the Unlon-J>aciftc party la the property and Its
attempt to forr* the payment of dividends on
tt* etock art matter* of recent notoriety and
NEW YORK. July 24. — The announcement
late to-day en the Stock Exchange of the fail
ure of Talbot J. Taylor & Co. and of W. T.
Slow A. Co.. followed a day of suppressed un
• ..?::.• i-s and apprehension. The bears rushed
to cover their short contracts on .the selling
induced by the n?ws of the failures and a vlo
k8t n )»• jnd followed, to that a large part «,f
the <Jay'«*o*ses were retrieved and the market
closed with excited buying oa a rising »;«
of prices. Some of the leading active stocks
closed the day with net gains of a point or
mare. This, compared with declines below
Utt night's level at tht <>*riod of greatest
weakness of 1 to 3H f° r the active market
It-ao^r*. Among the rpeclalties there were
more iwvcre lo£*es. due in *ome cases, as the
••vf-nt proved, to the special commitments of
th* embarraaed fimr.s In those stocks. Ad ex-
New York Stock Market.
Sterling Exchange Is lower. Domestic rAtes
remain unchanged. Silver is a fraction weaker
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 st«4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 s«sf
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — 4 87«/*'
New York Exchange, sight .-... -05
New York Exchange, telegraphic" — - -»7U
Silver, per ounce .......; — '64%
Mexican Dollars., nominal ...... — . 42
Exchange and Bullion.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
¦- FOR FRIDAY. JULY 24. ' r :,'/ J
Flour, qr sks....ll.2f:0 l Hops, bales .... 9*
Wheat, ctls .... 2.tf30» Wool, sks^ 23
Barley, ctls .... 3.660 Tallow., ctls ... "•«
Oats, ctls 3.340 Wine, gals 71.45O
Rye. ctls S00 Powder, car 1
Beans, sks - W7 Quicksilver, flsks 33
Potatoes, sks .. 1,420 Sugar, ctls ..... 800
Onions, sks 345 Pelts. No '.".223
Middlings, sks .. 205 Hides. No 712
Bran. *ks ... .427 Leather, rolls ... 169
Hay, tons 890
OREGON. . -
Flour, qr sks . . S.S52J Wool, bales . " s«
Wheat, ctls .... 5.0tv Oat Groats, sks. 330
Barley, ctls 3.2U01 Feed, sks ...... 1,200
CURRANTS— MxfteOc per drawer.
APPLES— 75c$j$l 25 per box for choice and
fancy and 4UfrU5c fur common; Crabapples, iQy
60cfor wnall-boxes and 75c for large. . -.
PEARS— Bartletts. 40c@$l per box 1 to can
ners $:JO®35 per ton: Deal born Seedlings, 35{J
50a -per box ami 40(fi30c per basket.
FIGS^-50c®$l per drawer: large boxes from
the river. . ¦
PLUMS.r-33(g60c ver box .and 60ffi6Oc._ per
crate: to canners. $15020 :>er ton. . .
•PRUNES— Tragedy. ,40@5oc. per crate and
S5(B50c per, basket. . : ; •• . •
NECTARINES — 50@85c per box or. crate.
APRICOTS— WHgeSo per box or crate: to can
ners." $20<830 per ton., .. .
PEACHES— 40^00c per: box; baskets from
the river. 25©50c. ¦ . •
MELONS — Cantaloupes > from Bakersfteld.
$1 25@l"60 per. crate; from Winters. $W7fwS2;
from the river.. $2 50®3 00: Nutmeg. Melons
from the river. $l@t 50 per box; Watermelons.
$ei02O per hundred. ¦ ~ :
.GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Vaea-'
vllle'.il 25 per crate; other varieties. 5Oc0$t.
. CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 , G0$
2 60 per box; -Seedlings. $161 25; Valenclas.
$1 &0®3; St.' Michaels, $2®3; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 26@1 60; Lemons.. 75c© Jl for stand
ard. $1 25@1 75 for choice and $2@2 75 for
fancy: r Grnpe' Fruit. $1(81 25: Mexican ¦ Limes.'
$4 5OS5; Bananas.- $1 50®"2 60 per bunch " for
Central American and 75c@$l 60 for Hawaiian;
Plr.eapplea. $1 50^2 50 per doien.
The river boats arrived late with large con
signments of Peaches In baskets which had to
be disposed of quickly, and prices had a sharp
decline in consf-quence. Most of th« stock was
still on hand at the stores at the close. Choice
wrapped Pears snd Apples and -gooj hard
Plums a/id Prunes suitably packed for'ship
ping were wanted for shipment on the Pu««t
Sound steamer, and readily commanded full
figures. Peaches In email boxes were tn free
supply and weak and only fine shtpDlng stock
commanded the maximum quotations Apri
cots, too. were easy, both in small packages
and In bulk. The quotations for bulk stock
were unchanged, but the top Interests were
Indifferent buyers and were offering $20(ff25
per ton. with the latter figure an extreme. No
1 Bartlctt . Pears And Green Gago • Plums In
bulk sold well to the canners at the quot»d
rates. ' Prices of Figs were higher again un
der light receipts. There was very little sale
for Nectarines or Grapes. Cantaloupes and
Nutmeg Melons from nearby sections were
offering freely and were In fair request." Of
ferings from Coachella Valley were poar and
soft and moved slowly at $1 per crate. Ship
ments from that section will soon cease. Wa'erl
melons were fairly steady, with supplies suf
ficient for all requirements. Attractive lots of
Berries .continued to find ready sale at good
figures and the market v/as well cleaned up at
the' close. - Currants ruU<l firm at the recently
advanced quotations, receipts being light.
Oranges and Lemdns were steady and un
changed choice stock being well- cleaned up.
Mexican Limes were lower, the recent arrivals
having weakened the market. Bananas and
Pineapples were unchanged. ¦
STUAWBEHRIES-^*5<U)7 per chest for Long,
worths" and $3S4 for the larger varieties
RASPBERRIES— $5«7 per chest.
' LOGANRERRIES — $305 -per' chest. - -
BLACKBERRlKri — »2 '>«IS4 Mr chert.
" HUCKLEBERRIES— 10lgl2t4c per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet under a light demand and prices show
little change; common are quoted at 4®5VAc:
prime,- 5%@6c; choice, 6V4®«Hc; fancy, C)i®.
714c*- - ..-,...-¦ - ¦ ¦ ' " . - :
PRUNES— Spot attract a moderate Johblng
demand and are firmly held. Quotations
range from.Jlc to 7c for all- grades. ' • '
APRICOTS— Are quiet and about steady,
with choice -quoted at 7%®8i / jc and fancy at
10*/12Uc.'
PEACHES — Show little feature. Choice are
quoted at 7^7 He and fancy at £G10%c
DRIED FRUIT.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3 3-16c;
centrifugal. 90 test. 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar.
2 15-lflc: refined w»s firm. • . •• ' .
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5«£c: mild, quiet. The coffee market- cln*«<l
net unchanged to 5 points higher. Sales. 32V»
bags, including:- August. 3.(Wc: September,
ft.75$3.80c; November. 3.40@3.55c; March,
4.40c, and May, 4.55c. \
MOLASSES-
NczV York Grain and Produce.
NBW YORK. July 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25.800 barrels; exports. 22,098 barrels; market
fairly active and. steady.
WHEAT — Receipts, 98,200 .bushels; . spot,
'Steady; No. 2 red, 80',-Jc elevator and 81 %c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 92c f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, 93c f.'o. b. afloat.
Options were quiet, but generally firmer on
export rumors, continued t>roall receipts ana
complaints about poor thrashing returns. Near
the close they yielded somewhat to realizing
and disappointment over the export business.
Final prices were net unchanged to He higher.
No. 2 red, July and September, closed at 81 %c;
December closed at-£l%c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
TURPENTINE — Firm,- 6214953c.
•Balances paid in cash. **Not Included In
totals because of no comparison for last year.
•••Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearinrs.
Butter is quoted weak all along the street,
with a very poor demand. Prices are not ac
tually lower, but dealers arc shading the quo
tations. Cheese also rulds weak, with some
increase in stocks. Eggs ' show no change
Dealers are drawing cold storage Western and
California out of the ice houses and this Is
diminishing the demand for the fresh goods
Receipts were 60.000 lbs' Butter. 1053 cases
Eggs and 48,000 lbs Cheese. ' •
BUTTER— Creamery. 21Vj®26c; dairy, 22^49
24c; store Butter, 17@20c; Eastern, nominal.
•CHEESE — New.- 13c: Young America, UV,ft
16c; ¦ Eairtern. 14!a@15%c; >• Western, ueiOc
per lb. • .
.EGGS— Ranch. 26©27c for large white select
ed and 24$25c for good .to- choice; store. 180
23c; Eastern, 18@21c per dozen. . ; T
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
76tgc."a loss of %c from yesterday. Thfc late'
flminess'ln'c6rn'alsohelp6d' the~tone. — ¦» -<•
Lack of , damage reports resulting; from the
hot Kansas winds and more favorable weather
caused corn to lose much of; yesterday's
strength.' but there was enough support to hold
prices near -the opening figure.:" There was a
moderately large scattered, trade with plenty
of; activity on 'both sides. *: September closed
lower at 50%g>60*ic
Oats ' were quiet and Influenced • largely by
other grains. The : close , was at 1 i»c loss for
September , at 33%c- ; : V '
Provisions 1 showed a decline j. ln\ sympathy
with a lower hdgr market. The .'close was
weak with September pork 20c lower. Lard
was 22 We down and ribs off 15c.
The leading futures ranged . as follows : ¦
Articles — Open. * High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July. Old ...".. 761& ,76^. 75% 75T4
July, new ...... 7«H 76 Vi- 75»i . 75?*
! Sept.. old . . .'1 . 7«Mi ;' 76Ti .76% 76H
: Sept.. -new. 76U , 76» 8 ' 76»i . 76» s
Corn No. 2—
July 5C»4 50%. 49% . 5014
September ,.„..•'. '60H -, 61H -50H- "'.60%-
December .....* 50% '50^* ' 49% ' 50V&
Oats No. 2 — --
July..: 40»i , 42 . 40- 41
September 33H 33% 33 H XW,
December 33% : . : . 34Vs 33% 3St{
May 35% t 06 35H 35%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September r*.^.14 30 ; 14 30 14 00 14 12H
Lard, per 100 pounds — ' :
I September ...-. S 02»4 ; 8 02^ 7 85 7 85
; October.. 7 77V4 7 80 7 60 7 60
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September ..... 8 :\~Vi 8 40 8 25 8 27U
October. ,8 20 - 8 20 8 07VJ 8 07V^
Cash quotations were as follows:
No. 2 spring wheat, 80c: No. 3. 7D@79ct No.
2 red 77'.£e: No. 2 corn. 51$51Hc; No. 2 yel
low *&2H@B3c; No - 2 oat*. 32@33c; No. 2
white 41U#43ci No. 3 white.- 38,®40Hc; No.
2 Tye.-50@63e: good feeding barley, 41c; fair
to choice malting. 46<350c; No. 1 flax seed, ¦
92^c; No. 1 Northwestern. 06c; prime timothy
seed $3 30®3 35; mess pork, per barrel $13 85
#13 '90; lard, per " 100 pounds. «7 6007 65:
short ribs sides (loose), $8 lOSJs 25; dry «alted
shoulders (boxed). $7 5007 62V4; short cl«ar
side3 (boxed). $8 50©8 62^; whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 30. ,, .
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13*700 10.150
Wheat, bushels 39,700 2.5CK)
Corn'- bushels ........124,800 411.500
Oats." bushels 1S6.1O» 129,^00
Rye. bushels 5,700' . . ."
I Barley, bushels ¦.:........ 14,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market" was weak. Creameries/ 14®19Vic: Dai
ries 13@17c. ' Eggs, easy; at mark, cases In
cluded. 11&13C. Cheese, easy.; 10@ll>ic
Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . July. Sept. £>ec.
Opening .0 2% 6 2(j
Closing 6 2% 6 2>4
- PARIS.
- Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb.
.Opening 24 80 22 15
Closing 24 05 . 22 20
. Flour —
Opening 32 15- - 29 00
Closing .:. . .... 32 C5 20 DO
Nczu York' Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Spot tin was un
changed in I>ondon* at £125. 13s r but- futures
declined 7s 6d to .£122 -10s. Locally tin was
firm, being quoted at $/27 60(g28.
I Copptr was lower In London* spot there clos
ing 2s 6d lower at £56 10s. while futures were
7s 6d lower at £55. .Locally- copper Is quiet
and displays a sagging tendency. Lake and
electrolytic are quoted at $13@13 25. and cast-
Ing at $12 6716913. . /
Lead declined Is 3d in London to £11 6s 3d.
but remained unchanged here at $4 30®4 50.
Spelter alfto declined 2s 6d In London to
£20 2s 6d ' and "rerrialned quiet here at $5 87Vi.
Iron closed at 6-'g 3d In Glasgow and at 4«s
Od in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron ls-quiet. No.
I 1 foundry. Northern. $17: 60@lS;*No. 1 foundry,
i Southern. $17 50€18; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
! soft. $17 50«J18. • ~
! ' Neiv. York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 21.— Coiton opened
steady at unchanged prices to an advance of
i iSve points on all positions, except July-, which
started five points lower. Closed steady.
..Boston. Wool Market.
BOSTON. July 24.— The CommerclalBulletln
will say in,- to-morrow's issue:
"There Is no 'change In the .wool situation.
Tne market continues active and strong. East
ern operators bought freely of fleeces, Oregon
! and territory. Good authorities' estimate the
! aggregate sales of fleeces alone at fully 4.00U,
000 pounds, and of Oregon 2,000,000 pounds.
St. Louis Wool Market. ,
*ST. LOUIST July 24. ~ Wool', ' firm: medium
grades and combing and clothing, 18g22c; light
fine. 16@18c; heavy fine, 12®15c; tub washed,
1 2o#29«ic.
Eastern L ivestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July , 24.— CATTLE-^-Recelpts, '
¦ 4000. Western, steady. Good to prime steers,
$5 25@5 60; poor ' to 'medium. $4 2505 25;
' stockers and feeders $2 G0#4 40; cows, ?l CO'
®4 60; heifers. *2 25@4 S5: canners $1 BOff
2 90; bulls. *2 50^4 40; calves. $3@6 CO; Texas
fed steers. $3 60S5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 19,000; to-morrow.'
,10.000: left over. 3400; 5310c lower. Mixed
' and , butchers'. $5 65® 5 S5; good to choice'
heavy $5 65©5 76; rough heavy $5 30«5 CO;
light. $5'5CKR5 85; bulk of sales' ?5 £0©5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,(Xi0. Sheep, steady..
Lambs, steady to lower. Good to choice weth
ers. $;{ 7.V<i4; fair.' to choice mixed. $3ig3 «)0;
Western iheep. $.'$ 25<84 25; native lambs, $8 25
@6 23; Western lambs, $5 4005 80 ;'
ST. JOSKPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Ma. July 24.*— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 950; active. Natives, $4<g5 25; cows
and heifers. $1 75®4 85; stockers and feeders.
$2 75©4 35. , .
HOGH— Receipts. 6900; 5@10c lower. Light.*
$5 30*75 45; medium and heavy $5 25(Sj5 35
SHEEP— Receipts. 1600; steady to 10c lower.
1 Top native lambs. $6.
Northern Business. ¦ .^
SEATTLE. , July . 24.-rClearIngs, $570,019;
balances. $141,746.
TACOMA. July 24.— Clearings, ' $272,608;
balances. $55, SCO. Vt ¦ • : .
PORTLAND. July 21.— Clearings $471,640;
balances. $51,6(57. ' "
SPOKANE. July 24.— Clearings, $283,603;
balances. $171,834. • •• ' • ¦
Northern Wheat Market:
¦ • OREGON. . " *
PORTLAND, July 24.— Wheat—Walla Walla
77S78C; blucstem. 80c; valley. sOc. • . '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 21.— Wheat— Steady. Blue
stem, S2c; club, 78c. ¦ . .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead ' 60
6%c per l'o: White Lead. «©UHc.. according to
quantity. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb bars-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed," 5 75c"-
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Qranulated,. 5 60c :
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.50c: ; Dry GranuJafd
coarse, O^Wc: Fruit Granulated, B.50c; Best
Oranulated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C
6c; Golden C. 4.00c: "D.' # 4.S0c; barrels. 10c
more: half barrels. 20c more; boxes, COe reora
50-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. • Tablets —
Half-barrels. 6e; boxes, (5.25c per lb. So t>r
dcrii taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent. • •
BAGS — Grain Bags. -A.l^tHer San Quentin
3.50c; Wool Bags 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags. «V4c. 6^c and 7&c for
the three grades.. •• -
COAL— Wellington. $Sp«r ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Seattle. Stf 50; Bryant. J8 50; Roslyn
$7; Coos Bay. *5 5d; Grrta. $7; Wallsend. $7 50-
Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13-
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $s 50 per ton-
Coke, $11 :<onv.i per ton- In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL— Llnseel Is lower/at 44c for boiled and
42c for raw In barrels: cases. 5c more; Castor
Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 io<&
1 12; Lucol, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw-
In barrels; Lard Oil.- extra winter strained
barrels. 90c; cases, 95c; China Nut 57UCS2c
per gallon; pure NeMsfoot. in barrels 75c
cases. 80c; Sperp.«jpure. 70c; Whale Oil" nat
ural white. 50«55c per gallon; Fish Oil in
barrels 45c; cases* 50c; Coeoanut Oil | n bar
rels 68c for Ceylon and 53c for Australian
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal oil m bulk
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20Hc; Astral. 20«e-
Star. 20Hc; Extra Star. 24 i$c; Elaine. 26iic :
Eccene. 23%c: deodorUed Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c. In cases, 23»Ac: Benzine. i n - bulk
13c: in cases. 10«£c: SO-degree Gasoline in
bulk, 21c: In cases, 27i,4c> — - -¦•
TURI ENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
64c In drums and Iron barrels. . .. _
General Merchaxidise.
HOGS— Live Hogs. -14,0 to 200 lbs, 6U©6Vic
under 140 lbs. 5H©6c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off,' and StAgs, 40 -per cent
Off from ' above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Ffanclsco, leas 50
per cent- shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers, 8Q9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l<g5V4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4c: Ewes, 3^4@3?ic per lb
(gross weight). . ;
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75^*3 per head. , 7
Wholesale rates' from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: * . .
BEEF— tt@"c for Steeri and 5fi6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7<3Se; small. 9®9^e per In.
MUTTON— Wethers, figflc; Ewes, SfiSHe per
pound. • ¦
LAMB— Spring. 10@10%c per n>.
PORK— Dressed Hoes. 8H<89^ per lb. -
XIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Hogs are developing- some- weakness, being
le over the Chicago price, with receipts slowly
Increasing. Th«» local packers say that they
cannot cut up any at present values and are
accordingly not .buying many. Other meats
remain as before.- • t-. ¦ •-•
Meat Market.
. Receipts of Poultry were moderate and aside
from fine large young fowls, which moved off
fairly well, thore was very little business. Poor
Hens and small Broilers continued In free sup
ply and' weak. Prices, however, were un
changed. There was not much demand ior
Game and prices were easier. • Receipts were
large and consisted chiefly of Doves.
POULTRY — Live Turkey*, nominal; Geese
per pair. $1 25S1 50; Goslings. $1 25&1 50;
Ducks, $3®4 per doxen for old and $3 50©
4 50 fur young; Hens. $4fQ5; young Roosters
$t'@8; old Roosters. $4@5;' Fryers, $3 5O#4 50-
Brollers. $333 60 for . large and $2&2 60 for
small; -Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs. "
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25^1 75 per dozen; Hare
$1 25; Wild Doves. 50@75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25gl 75 per
sack; crates from A'.ameda, $1{?2; from
Berkeley. $1 25&1 60; Asparagus. $1@2 25 per
box; Green Peas. ttfjMc per lb; String Beanx,
lH®3c per ll>; Wax. 3®4c: Lima Beans, 7@8c
per lb; Tomatoes. 40®5Oc for small boxes nnd
$101 60 for large boxes from the river;
Summer Squash. 4C<3-"><'< 1 p«r box; Cabbage,
75c^i$l per ctl; Carrots. ¦ 75c@$l per sack; Cu
cumbers, 4Q(ft50c per box: Garlic. 2 1 i©.'5c per
Ittr Dried Peppers, 5c per lbv Green Peppers,
B0®8r>c per box for Chile and $lfjl 50 for Bell;
Green Okra. 6C©75c per box; Egg Plant, $1©
1 25 per box.
POTATOES — New White, 85c©$l 50 per ctl
In sacks and $1.10@175 in boxes; Early Rose,
75c<3*l; Uarnet Chiles, $1@1 15; old Burbanks
from Oregon, nominal.
ONIONS— 55^jeOc per ctl.
Traqng Tin "Vegetables was active for both
local use, and shipping, account, but supplies
of most descriptions were plentiful and prices
had but bIIs ht variation. Choice Green Corn
and Lima Beans were in somewhat light'sup
ply and continued to bring, good prices. Toma
toes were .in heavy - receipt and easy. Only
strictly-fancy ripe stock Jirought the 'maximum
quotation, $1 2.'> bring '«bout the top for. the
general run of offerings. I Summer Squash and
Cucumbers continued- to • decline - under In
creased receipts. Green Peppers arrived freely
and. Bell sold off well at good prices, while
Chile were neglected and ea*y. Egg Plant and
Okrarwere ' weak. .. • . :
tlecelpts of new POtatbes continued very
light, -and'asorders for shipment on the Puget'
Sound steamer, were f plentiful^ the market wa's
actlve'and ruled' flrm.at the previously quoted
prices/ A«"ffsual V;few lots . of • strictly fancy
stock- commanded a 'premium over the quoted
rates* ; Onions moved off-- fairly, but supplies
were ample and prices -were. unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Weather Report.
ri2f»ih Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July M — 5 p. m.
a s S O ~~» '
1 11 Ifil |a 1
etationb. « Aa5323 ? S
-7 3 £ — -1 —
: c c : : §
: - ? ? ;: : :
Baker '. .30.02 74 46 NW Oear .00
I'lreon 29. SS KO 42 VT Clear .00
Kurck* 30. 1« 58 50 N Clear .00
Fresno 29.72 »O 56 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.86 78 43 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.86 R6 «0 S Clear .00
Los Angeles. . .23.SS K2 54 W Clear .00
Mt Tama!raij.3O.O4 72 48 W Clear .00
North Head... 30. 24 60 M NW Cloudy .06
Phoenix .23.72 102 72 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 29.90 8C £n SE Clear .00
Portland 30.16 70 JA NW Clear .00
Point Reves.. .30.00 «0 fi2 NW Clear- .00
P.M Bluff 29. *4 KS &S SE Clear .00
RoaeburR 30.10 72 54 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.94 84 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake...:. 29. S6 »O eA SW Clear .00
Pan Franci*co.30.04 «'4 r>2 W Clear .00
i=an "L. Obispo.29.9S M 60 W Clear .00
San Diego. .29 80 74 62 W Clear .*.00
Fe&tt:* 30.20 70 M Sw Pt.Cldy .01
Fpokane 30.10 76 54 SW Pt.Clfly Tr.
Tatoosh 30.22 M 52 f=E Cloudy .IS
AVa'U Walla.. 30. 06 KO M W Clear .00
TVinntinucca .S».n2 K2 52 SW Clear .00
Yusr.a 29.72 104 7rt SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The depression over Idaho has moved rapidly
and has b**n followed by an area of
hiRh pressure over the northwestern portion of
.the country- With the exception of light
•fhrvwr-r* n<>ar Pujret Sound there ha« been no
rafn west of the Rocky Mountains. *
The temperature Is rising slowly over Cali
fornia and Nevada. In the great valley the
wpRiher is still die! for this period of the year.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 25 r
Northern California— Feir Saturday; warmer;
fresh northerly winds in /he interior, brisk
Mttcfly winds on the coast, with fog.
'Southern California — Fair Saturday; warmer;
Sight northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; continued warm.
ssn Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
trit-k westerly winds. »
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the tuer.ty-fcur hours ending .5 r>. m.
l^fnh niTldlan tim*". San Francisco. July 24:
2 2= » C "*•.
ETATIONS. j33 3 g^ f* : S :o
3 ! i? : : ** :
* ;.* • ' ?• ¦¦¦I •»¦.• - .• ¦
-v -i .¦ . 1 f • . ;
<7\o\ erdale SS 50 Clear
O>!usa 85 M .... Clear
Eureka r»S .V> Clear N 22
Fresno 9l» 5H Clear NW Lt.
Hanford M f>5 Clear
HoIMster M» 47 .... Clear
Independence .86 ©» clear S 14
King City 88 45 Clear N St.
I^vermore S3 48 Oear
r"*os Angeles... h2 54 <"l*ar W 10
.Vena S3 T.7 .... Oear SW ..
Nevir.an fl6 51 Oear .... ..
Palermo %tl 48 Oear — N Lt.
Port*rvll!e 91 M Oear NW L«..
Hed Bluff *8 58 Oenr SE Lt.
Riverside »3 48 Oear
Sarramento ...Hi 54 Oear S -.'.OS
f-an Di»go '74 <*2 Clear - W «>«4
San Francisco.. 04 r>2 Oear W 20
San Jose 7» 43 Clear
S. L. Ohlspo... 64 50 .... Oear W 10
Santa Maria. .. 75 4fi Oear W Lt.
Santa Roca.... fil 45 . Oear ... ' ..
f-'tockton K3 «1 Oear
Willows :. fr5 55 .... Clcsr SW ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. .
Hollister — Crops doing well; good projj>ocls
for a large crop.
Rivrslde — Grapes are excellent; promise
large crop.
Palermo — Plight damage has been doae to
•j»-an- by wind. - -
Hanford — Peaches excellent quality; larte
croji; grapes eaiae.
fanta Rosa — (,*rop conditions favorable.
Llvermore— Hop picking will begin at Pleas
enton about Aururt 24.
Oo^-erdale — Foggy mornings cau*<ng cllghi
mildew on grape*. .
S«nta Maria — Cold morning, windy day, but
no material change in crc-p condition*.
. Napa — Grapes looking fine, promising good
' Stockton— Plunr* being shipped East In large
quantities.
Willows— Large almon«1 crop ripening tap-
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. July 24.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
j July 23.' with the percentage of Increase and
I decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
J>* / Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. ' Dec.
•New York $1,319,067,144 13.9
•Chicago 166.365.H5O 5.9 ....
•Boston 163.177.014 1.2
•Philadelphia .... 124,203.818 11. «
•St. Louis 48,280,634 17.1 ....
Pittsburg 54,868,673 22.7
•San Francisco... 27.310,361 , 17. r ....
•Baltimore 2i.178.476' 12.5
Cincinnati 2l.8l4.75O.* 10.1
•Kansas City 19,272.743 2.9
Cleveland 16,390,414 5.3
•Minneapolis 12.420,892 5.5
•New Orleans 15.744,590 17.9 ....
Detroit ' 0,141.162 ...r 7.5
•Louisville 8.6SS.2H \ 2.2
Omaha 7,350.362 15.9
•Milwaukee 7,970.060 11.9 ....
•Providence rt.S01.200 U.S ....
•Buffalo «.»»«,{Kfi2 34.0
i »St. Paul 5.754.607 3.7' ....
Indianapolis ...:. «,799.780 14.4 ....
Los Angeles 5,658.332 21.3 ....
»St. Joseph 4,483,509 15.9 ....
Denver 4,915,485 20.1 ....
Richmond 4,C72,3Sf> 19.8 ....
Columbus ;. 4.749.100' 9. ft ....
Seattle 4,6*52.622 29.3 • ....
"Washington ...... 3,562.432 11.5
•Savannah 2.4«59,227 \... 13.8
Memphis ........ 2.878.0SO 37.5 ....
Albany 3,779.141 23.9 ...'.
j Salt Lake City... 2.829, 4!>2 10.2
•Portland, Or 2.SU5.97S 2S.7
I 'Toledo 3,008.004 ..:. 13.8
Fort Worth i 3,372.735 T».5 ....
Peoria 2.434.551 2S.7 ....
Hartford 2.871.398 . 6. ft ....
I Rochester 2.S60.807. - 14. ft
Atlanta .2.155.726 .31.2 .....
Des Molnes 1.381.345 3.S ....
New Haven.. 2.1»5.558 27.6- ....:
Nashville 2.3S2.2S9 -62.9 ....
Spokane, Wash... 2.101, 26»i 49.7 ....
Grand Rapids l,84!),O2O 21.1 ....
Sioux City......:. 1.178.032 18.6, .....
Springfield. Mass. 1.496.283 .... 5.7
Norfolk 1.439.260 .... 2.2
Dayton l,«U>,500 . 8.8
Tacoma 1,954,021 55.9 ....
Worcester 1.701,267- 2.5 . ....
Augusta. Ga 561.55O .... 27.6
Portland, Me 1.5«4.612 20.6
Scranton 1.765.007 .... ....
Topeka 1,1.15.746 11.8- ....
Syracuse 1.347.135 34.5
Evansvllle 1.041.119 .... 8.9
Wilmington. Del. 1.128.4S0 14.4
BirmlhKham 1.022.402 18.0
Davenport 763.180. .... ' 24.0
Fall River .^ K43.2S9 .... 24.1
Little Rock 8.J4.OH7 35.8
Wnoxvllle • 772.014 115.5
Macon , 614,000 34.0. ....
Wllkesbarre ' 8.32.4»5 34.t
Akron 704.700 .... 1S.1
Springfield. HI.... • IM1.120 7.8
KnoxviUe 772.014 115.5
Wichita 5H4.70O 1.2
Younsstown 775|S3« 32.4 .
Helena 501.001 5.0
Lexington 572.1:51 13. s
Chattanooga U74.388 2S.0 ....
I>owell .Vt9.64S
New Bedford ' 4S2.02W 2.2
Kala,maioo 7.r.,402
Fargo. N. D 425.685 7.0
Canton. O M17.000 C4.5 ....
(Jacksonville. Kla. 330.738 3.3
Grfensburg. Pa... 470.213 '..
Rockford, 111 545.152 39.0
Springfield. O 3S0.450 10.5 ....
Blnghamton 44S.8OO 23.4
Chester. Pa M0.«42 2«.S
Bloomington. III.. 29::.S03 13.1
Qulncy. Ill 3.1«,«50 8.3 .
Kloux Falls. S. D. 2S8.512 23.0 ....
Mansfield. O...... 227.487 ....
Jacksontllle. Fla.. 20S.fiW> .31.5
Fremont. Nebr 123.731 ..:.
Utlca 2,597.289 33.0 ....
Decatur. Ill 240.580 .... 3.8
•••Houston 12,078,500 15.fi ....
•••Galveston ..... 0.11S.C00 23.9 ..;.
••Beaumout. Tex. 8$9,6*9 ..... ...;
Totals U. S.... '.$2,155,130,877 .... . 5.9
Outside N. Y... 835,2C;.733 10.1-
CANADA.
Montreal ........ $2l.M8.948 '• 1O.« .....
Toronto H.204,293 2.1
Winnipeg 4.503.481t 39.4 • ....
Halifax 1.677,tlO» 2.0
Otvav.* '. l.!»0»,275 1.1
Vancouvtr. B. C. l.«6rt,3Sf? «W.4
Quebec 1,711.362 18.5 , ....
Humilton 1,970,667 15.fi
Kt. John. N. B... 1.200.023 40.7
Victoria. B. C 502.190 15.5
. "London 898..'.S0 ..:.
ToUls, Canada.. $50,001,208 11.0 . . A
All quotations.. under "this .head remain as
before. Wool rules firm. with a good demand.
Hides are easy and. Hops steady, with holders,
hoth'befe and In the country, insisting on full
figures. : ¦ v .:.¦*
HIDES AND EKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 104c; medium. 04c:. light. S4c; Cow
Hides. 84c for heavy and 84c for light: Stags.
7c; Salted KId; »c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. , 104c; dry Hides, 164c: dry Kip. 14c:
dry Calf. ; 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25©30c
each; short ' wool.' 40© 65c each; medium. 70if
90e; long wool. $1©1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for larse and $2 60 for medium. $2
for small and. Sue for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
tl 7.5 for. large and. $1*50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck skins— Dry
Mexican. 324c>.dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. *33c^' Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: large arid" smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;'
small. 2dc. • -. \, •:" : s "
TALLOW— No- -1- rendered. 5(35%c per lb;
No. 2. 4©44c: grease. .24©S4c.
WOOL-— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 9©
lie. -Quotations for. spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt' and Mentlodno, 18620c; Foothill,
defective, 11013c; Nevada, 12@15c; San Joa
quln. defective. . Dtflle pw lb: Southern. 09
lie: Valley Oregon, fine. 18©19c: do. medium.
16© 17c; do. coarse. 15©l6c; Lambs'. 15c per
pound. ¦ ' ¦-" ----- - —
HOPS — 174©20c to growers and 21©22c from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903, 164c bid for
the best. ¦ . ' ; . ' . ..
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
with th* eequel still pending In the 'courts.
Aside from the expectation of. the failures, the
realization of the fears and the revulsion of
feeling reflected In the niEh of the shorts to
cover with the bad news out, there were In
fluences perceptible In the market. News of
cooler weather In the coro -belt counteracted
the effect of yesterday's reports of hot winds,
and the liquidation In progress In the cotton
market was viewed with Bitisf action. The
week's movement of currency Indicates a cash
gain by the local banks of upward of $6,000.
000. and news was received of the shipment of
another $1,250,000 in gold from Australia to
San Francisco. The market resolves itself into
a list of price changes. Rumors Were numer
ous all day of financial embarrassments and
the field of these rumors was by no means
confined to the Stock Exchange or to New
York City, but ranged the country over. The
1 heavy selling of Amalgamated Copper was ac
companied by very specific rumors of money
troubles, which were not substantiated.
Bonds were wefck In sympathy with stocks.
Total sales (par value), $3,695,000.
X'nlted States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 53.100 64>£ 62»4 64
Atchujon pfd 2.400 S7»i 87 8S
Baltimore & Ohio.. 33.900 82H 82*4 82 H
Bait & Ohio pfd... COO !)0H «&9^ 894
Canadian Pacific.;. 20,800 123V 4 lio»4 122V3
Cent of New Jersey ..... 156
Ches & Ohio 2.400 32% 31 32U
Chicago £ Alton... 3,000 "22' l 1»T4' 2OV4
Chgo A Alton pfd. 100 e5 *«5 65
Chiro & G Western' 9.300 161, U% 14**
C & G W. B pfd... 600 33^4 32 X$H
Chgo * Nwestern;. 2.400 Itf2 160 160H
Chgo Term & Tran 600 11 10% lOVi
Chgo T & T pfd... ¦ 600 19 18 18%
C C C &.St Louis. 1.000 74 7Ui 74
Colo Southern. 8,600 13 10 lO'i
Colo So 1st pfd.... 900 M% 50 43
Colo So 2d pfd 100 20H 204 204
Del A. Hudson '1.100 104 161 1044
Del. Lack & W.... 1.400 239 230 2.15
Denver A Rio Gr. . ¦ 2.O00 23% 214 22
Den & II G pfd 300 7S4 774 " l i
Erie 45.400 29% 254 2S"S
Erie 1st pfd 16.500 67U C5»i 66T»
Erie 2d pfd 6,000 48 44 45%
Great Nor pfd..... , 100 173 173 J70
Hocking Valley.... «>00 7« 73. 75
Hocking Val pfd.-. ICO 84 . 84 - 83
Illinois Central 6.000 12»% 12S 12»U
Iowa Central 30<) 2f» 20 IS •
Iowa Ontral pfd... 200 34 32 33
Kans City So 400 2O ¦ is 1»4
Kans City So pfd.. 200 374 37 37
Louisvi & Nash... 4.800 . 103T» 101% 103'/i
Manhattan Elev... 0,000 irw% 131 132V4
Metropolitan St Ry 3,100 lltj 114 1144
Minn & St Louis.. 300 70 68 70
Missouri Pacific.,.. 32,800 9S4 95% 97%
Mo, Kans & Tex... 700 l<»4 18% l.v ; *
Mo. K & T rfd COO 37 37 30
Xat R R of Mex... 300 18 17% J8
Nat R R Mex pfd.. l.»«» liS^ 30% . 38
N Y Ontral 20.20O 11U 11«% 117»i
Norfolk & Westn.. 4.500 «S2 60>4 «iy 4
Nor & West jjfd .... - HI
Ontario & W«stn.. 9.6yO 224 21% 22%
Pennsylvania 66.700 122 119% ¦ 121%
P. C C & St Louis 67
Reading 104.000 48% 46% 47%
Heading l«t pfd * .... 80
Reading 2d prd 400 f» 66 .654
Rock Uland Co 51.800 24% 204 21%
Rock l.-land pfd... 1,300 64 61 614
St L 4: San Fran M
S L & S F 1st pfd 65
S L & S F 2d p/d. 1,100 50 48 45
t?t Louis Sowestn.. 400 14>4 13%' 1.1%
St L Sowestn pfd.. 400 ' 31 * 30 304
Pt Paul 67,fi00 1404 137% 140%
St Paul pfd 400 170U 170 170
Southern Pacific... 91.100 43'; :»4 41%
Southern Railway. 12.800 20% 20 204
Southern Ry pfd.. 300 844 84 S3%
Texas & Pacific 5,200 264 244 . 25
Tel. St L & West. «»0 1»4 IK IS4
T. St L & W pfd.. 6«K) 2S 27 .27
Union Pacific W.ftOO 75.4 72% ? 75
Uplon Pacific prd». 200 854 854 *"8<4
Wabash 2.900 20% 20 204
Wabash pfd 6.S00 3H',i 34% 36'.i
Wh*el & Lake Erie 2.CO0 15 12 13%
Wiscon»in Central. 3.500 17 1» -17
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 300 37 35% .37
Express Companies — •
Adame 221
American ...'....'.-. (78
United States 400. 100% 09% fin
Welts-Fargo ..-...' . . ., 185
Miscellaneous — .
Amalgam Copper. .. 9S.300 41 35% -39% 1
Amer Car & Found 5.400 32 31% 30%
Am Car £ Fpfd.. WOO 83 -834- 834
'Amer Unseed Oil ". 0
Amer Un Oil pfd.. ..... : 25
Amer Locomotive.. 2.200 .17 Ifi 1«%
Amer, Loco pfd ' &00 . S24 Rl -82
Amer Smelt & Ref. 28.000 42 . 374 41%
Am Smelt & R pfd. ._. »0i* 8» 89 -
Amer Sugar Ref.. «^».0O \U , 112% 114 .
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.500 «S 64 63
Brooklyn Rap Tran 34.W0 .45% 41 , 43
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,300 . 45% 41 424
Colum A Heck Coal 500 1S% 13% 134
Consolidated Gas.. 1.D00 1W4 IS14 ' tK.{i<,
(^neral Electric ... 5.000.158 153 ) 57
Intel ntl Paper 900 12% 10 104
Interntl Paper pfd. 1.400 . 67 65 i«Mi
Interntl Pump..... ...;. 40
Interntl Pump pfd .... .70
National Biscuit... 1,100 3fl% 36 35
National Lead 1.1C0 15 .11% H%
North American...- , 79
Pacific Mall 1.200 *21 19% 20
People's Gas... 9.600 94 !»2% «3%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.800 45 434 44%
Pressed R Car pfd. MO 834 SO 79
Pullman Palace Car 900 201% 200 200
Republic 8t«-*l «00 124 11 \o%
Republic Steel pfd. 3.800 67 04 Vi «54
Rubber Goodp...... 900 20 18% v 1S%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 300* 734 70 70
Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 13,000 .404 374 3^4
U S Leather 300 7% 6% 74
U S Leather pfd.. 500 SO 78% 794
\V S P.ubber S00 12 10% 104
U S Rubber pfd. * 200 45 -45 r45
U S Steel... 92.200 234 21% 23%
IT S Steel pfd 41.100 71 «84 09%
Western Union 900 83% 83 - S3
Total sales. . .1.307.400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 24.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 12,000 at
$70 50. •
NEW YORK BONDS. .
U S ref 2s r*g...lO6% LAN un'f 4s... 08%
Do coup 10tf%]Mexlcan Cen 4s.. 72
Do 3* re* 107%i Do 1st lnc 14%
Do coup 1084'Minn & St I. 4s.. H»4
Do new 4s reg.134% M K fc T 4» »tt
Do coup 1354 Do 2ds ' 77 -
Do old 4s rek. .111 N Y Cen gen ;<4s. 00
Do <*oup Ill N J Cen sen 5s. 128 1
Do 5» ree .101% Northern Pae 4s.. 09%
Do coup A 103 I Do 3» *. "....71
Atchison gen 4s.. 99%'Norf & XV. «m 4s. 97 !
Do adjust 4»... 87% Reading gen 4s.. «3%
Bait St Ohio 4e..l00% St L&I M con .",3.1104
Do 34s .". 814 Bt L.--&-S F 4?... 9(34
Do conv.Js 100 fit L 8 W lets... Ml 4
Can South tide.. ..10*5 I Do 2ds 74
Central • of 'G* 6s.lO.H9 San A 4 A 1> 4j. "
Do I«t Inc.... 704 Southern Pac 4s. 854
Ches & Ohio 44».I02 Southern Ry Ss.^113
<rhl & Alton .".4s: 73% Texas & Pac lst#114%
C B ft O new 4*. 8» Tol St I* & W 4s. 73 »
C'M&St'P gen 4n.lO6 ,!Unl6n Pacific 4s. oa% (
C & N W con 7S.130V4! Do conv 4s «2%
C R I &-P-4s... 97%iWaba«"h lsts ....114
iX-CASt L (ten 4s. 95 • Do 2ds .... 106
Chi Term 4b .... 79 . Do Deb n 57
rolo & South -4s. 87 West Shore 4s... 107
Denver & R O 4*. »7% W &"L Ette 4s.. 894
Erie prior lien «s. 06Ti Wisconsin-: Cen 4s. 87
Do gen 4s ...... $1 4 Con Tobacco .... 67
FtWiDC lkts,103%'C V-&' I. ...... .„ 80
Hocking Val 4 4S.104H (Manhattan ..100
Rock Inland ..... 74*4 U S'Steel ....... 7d
Pennsj»Aan!a .1.. 94%1 . \
NEW 'YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 08. Little Chief '. 06
Alice ... ...:.'... 17 Ontario ....... ..6 50
Breece '. ••• 15'Ophlr '.1 35
Brunswick Con ...: 04 Phoenix ...,...:.. 08
Comctock TunneL. ,.O8!Potosl .... ........I 80
Con Cal & Va 130 Savage 11
Horn Silver -. 1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 60"
Iron Silver ..A...1' 60 Small Hopes ..... 20
Leadvllle -Con- . . .« • 05 fc'tandard- . . . :. ... .3 00
brewing. $1 12VJW1 17% ; old brewing. »1 15©
1 20; ¦ Che^ller, 1 $1 2<Xffl 40 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :3Q, a., m. . •
• Open. High. . . Low. ' Close.
December ... M5*ic We 93Uc 95 T £a
. ¦ ¦ ¦ 2 p. •' m. Session. ; .
. Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... • WJc »«c »6Kc - »5%c
OATS — Dealers 'continue to repdrt a quiet
market at unchanged prices, with moderate
° Whit*,' . IUL 17^@1 25; Black.'; $l'10ai20;
Red. $1 12Va@117H for common, and $1 20®
1 25 for choice; Gray,' nominal. . - .. ¦ ¦ -
CORN— The prolonged scarcity has re«ult«d
In another advance, as will be seen; The Chi
cago market rules firm, with the crop being cut
down>3aily by hot. dry winds, and It Is not ex
pected to run over three-quarters Of last year *.
California large Yellow'. " it 50#l 55; small
round do,- $1 7»fl 75; White. $1 5631 65;
Kgyptien. .$1 45®1 50 for White and *i 4««
1 45 for Brown. ." ' '.".•."*::¦;
RYE— $1 10@l 15 per ctlfor old or n«w.
BUCKWHEAT— $2tf2 50 per ctl.
¦ . '¦¦..¦ j ¦¦' . ,
Flour and Millstufrs. f • |
FLOUR— California Family Extras. : $4 40©
4 65. usual terms; Bakers'. Extras, ,$4 30©
4 40; Oregon and Washington. $3 70S4 ptr
bbl for Famlly - ancL.j3.".O(3A.2O. for^Bakers'.
, MILtSTUFFS— Prices! in packages are!a»
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25p>r 100 lbs: Ry«
Flour, $3 25; Rye MeaU $3; . Rlca^Flour. $»; ,
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra , creanv do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Homtny, *4^4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50©4-75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat ;Flour,' $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. Su 75®S «0: In sacks. $tt 25©3 10;
Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, t?;
Green Peas, 55 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay~ arid' Feedstuff sT"^^*:
Receipts of Hay are now about sufficient' to \
smtlsf y the current demand, and ¦ conservative '
dealers are inclined' to ' expect a temporary
weakness to' develop before long, though none of'
them look for a permanent decline, as the yield-
Is not heavy and the demand is brisk and. prom
ises to continue so. Feedstufft rule firm and
unchanged. ¦ • • ,•¦¦ w *- . . ¦¦' '•
BKA.\-#24 50S25 per ton. ¦ •. • ¦ ">
MIDDLINGS— |27©30 oer ton. « - . • ¦
SHORTS— $24^25 per ton! ¦ , '.
, FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barlay, $22®2a : per.'
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2«@26 50;
jobbing. $27t|27 50; Coeoanut Cake.' $20(521,
Corn Meal. $27 50@28 60; Cracked Corn. $28 60
CT20 50; Mixed Feed. $22©23:.- Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.- . * • -
HAT — Wheat, $12®14; Wheat and
Oat, $11©13; Oat. $10^1-' 601 Barley. $s50&i*T-
Clover. $d@10; Stock. $8©9; Alfalfa. $S©10 per
ton. ¦ • ¦• .•.••'-•¦ ¦
STRAW— 33@60c per bale. ' -
Beans and Seeds, /
There is nothing new to report In this mar-'
! ket. Business continues quiet. .
BEANS— Bayos, ?3 «5O®3 7W; Pea. $3 25© .
3 50; Butters, $3 25; email White. $3 155*3 ."JO;
large White, $2 &0®$3 15; - Pink, $2 00®3;
Red, $2 90@3; Lima, K' 46#3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal; lilac-key e. $2 50®3 per ctl; Horse
Bean*, fl 23<ei 35. - ':!
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 90©2; Canary, 5 He
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape, li»itf2Vjc;
Tiraothr. 0@0%c:!Hemp. 3H®3Ue per Ib: Mil
let. 3®3^c: Broom Corn Seed. $lS«t20 per ton.
| DRIED PEAS— Green. $2@2 25 per ctL
.The situation continues weak, both here and
in the West. In thlsmarket Hams. Bacon and
Lard are He lower, all around and weak at the
decline. ' with lessened .demand. Stocks at
Western packing \ points - continue to Increase
and are- becoming burdensome. - ¦
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12Hc for light medium. 14Hc for light.
15c for extra lljht • 17e for ' sagar-cured and
18c, for extra sugar-cured; • Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 14H®15c: California Hams. 140
14i,c; Mess Beef. $11 50© 12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $12®12 50; Family *13 M: prim* M^os
Pork. $19; extra "clear. $26: Me«s $20; Dry
Sajted Pork. 12 tec; Pte Pork. $2S; Pigs" Beet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. ISc- per lb. ¦ . /
.LARD — Tierces . quoted at 7$»c per lb 'for
compound and 0\jo for pure; half barrels, pure.
9%c;10-lb tins. lOiic; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins,: lOHc -.-,•¦'¦.
-. CQl'loLENE-T-One half .barrel. 9%o; three
half barrels. O^c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
OVic; five tierces, OUc per ib.
Provisions.
Local securities quiet and not materially cJiangcd. "
Silver a fraction zvcakcr.- Sterling Exchange lower.
Wall-street stocks break badly, but rally at the closed
Wheat and Corn crops steadily diminishing: '
Barley, Oats and Rye steady to firm. '
Corn advanced under continued scarcity. -
Hay fairly steady. Feedstuff s continue firm..
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs none too iirnu . i
No further variation in Dried Fruits. ,
Jl'ool firm, Hops steady and Hides easy.
Hams, Bacon and Lard y 2 c lower and weak. '•
Hogs continue to show signs of weakness.
Linseed Oil marked down 4c per gallon. " " " ,
Potatoes in demand for shipment and firm. ' Onions plentiful.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted. ¦'
River Fruit boats late. Mexican Limes lower.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — / lWestlngh Com.... 85
Can loans ...'..2H®* Mining—,
Time Loans ...5 ©6 Adventure '.. *%
Bonds— Allouez 4,
Atchl*on 4s S>8 Amalgamated ... S9>4
MexCent 4s ...72 Bingham .... 21
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.40O .
Atchlton ...64 Centennial 13»J
Do prefd 87 Conner Range.... 39 H
Boston & Albany.245 Dominion Coal .. 88
Boston &.- Maine. 169 ' Franklin ....". .
Boston L 139 I«le Royale 6*4
! N TN H & H..104 Mohawk .. .. 32^5
Fltchburg .pfd ..131 Old Dominion ... 10
Union Pacific.-... 74 % Osceola 47
Mexican Cent ... 12>4 Parrot ,....16 '
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 85
Amer Sugar .... 113V4 Santa- Fe Copper 1
Do prefd ...... llSVi Tamarack 75
Amer T & T ...180 Trlmountaln 82
Dominion- 1 & S. 50 Trinity 1 . 4H
Gen Electric ...165 Unfted States .. 1"V*
Maes -Electrio .. 20H Utah , 22^
Do prefd ...... 80V- Victoria 3
United' Fruit.... 97 ~ Wlnona: -6-
US. Steel- 32?4 Wolverine 60
Do prefd 69% -.
LONDON CLO8ING STOCKS.
Consols, money . fll!6 N'T Central ...121*?
Do: account 91 H Nor. & ..West . . . 63% .
Anaconda „ 3»i Do prefd ...... 90
Atchlson 65 Ontario & West.. 23U
Dd prefd ...... 90 Pennsylvania :.. 02 H*
Balto & Ohio ... 64U Rand Mines ..... 0%
Canadian Paclflc.124% Reading '. 25
Ches & Ohio .. 33^ Do l«t pfd MI14
Chlcaga G W.... Hi% ! Do 2d pfd .'... 85
Chi M & St P. ..144 Southern Ry ... 24',i
DeBeera 16% Southern Ry pfd. 87
Denver & Ji G... 24% Southern Pac... 44 U
. Do prefd 81 Union Pacific ... 77
Erie 30% 5 Do prefd ...... 89
Do 1st pfd ... 6H»i U S Steel 23%
Do 2d pfd .... 48 - Do prefd 74^
Illinois Central ..133 Wabash 21.
Louis & Nash. ..109 Do prefd 38
Mo Kan & Tex. 20 >*
Bar. silver, dull, 2tt 5-16d per ounce. Money,
imtl% per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 2VJ per cent,
and for three months' bill 2% per«cent.
Hon R T 6s. — 108 S R of C Bs.llO&llSU
L A Elec 6s. — '— S P-of A 6s
L A By 5s.ll4 Vi — (19C0) — lesu
L A L C tts. — — <1910) 108H —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Os.lOe — U9C5)Sr A.103*it<Ht;
LAP lem 59.103^104^ (l»«lS»ar B. — 10SU
Mkt-st C 8s. 122 125 (1806) — 107
Do lem Sa. 1171,1 is (1912) 117UHS
N R of C 6s. — 1C3 SPC lcg3s.l20»4 —
Do 6s 119 120 Do stmpd.108 • —
N P CRR3S — lCS^'s P B R 6s. — 140
N C I* 5s. — lHh 3 S V Wat (hr.lffj —
N C P Ss.100 — Do 4s 2«lm. — 101
N S H 5s., — 10O Do 4s 3dm. 9ft*4HXHi
O G L H 5s.H0 — ftkn GAE Rs. » —
Ok W C g3s. — 100 .U G & E 5s.lO5 107
- WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 61 I Port Costa.. 64 66»-i
Marln Co .. 60% — | Sprtng Val.. So.H 86
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4%, 5tfiSac E G&R. M —
Eqult Gas... 4^' 5 S F G & E.. «8 — *¦
Mutual E L. 13 1.1 US F Gas 3 O'i
Pac a Imp.. M'i 53H Stkn G & E. 0 —
Pac L Co...»55H 56MiiU G A E... 34H —
' TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. !
S F G A E. 67« — ;/
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.K5 — / v
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon t P & A. 185 —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... 20O , 23O
Bank of Cal. — 575 Merch Ex... 35 73
C S D & T.142H16O S F Natlonl — —
First Natloni — — V:^r
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S * L. — 2275 |Sa\r & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — • — pec Sav Bk.40O SCO
Mut S Bank. — Union T Co.2150 • — '
8 F Sav U..600 730 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.109 203 jPtesldlo .... —^ '4S .
Giant " — »3 /Vlgorlt ..... 4 5^4'
Hana PCo..-^ 25c .Kllauea S C. 5 8
Hawaiian C. 44tj 45U Makawell S. — 241,
Honokaa S C 12t a 13 Onomea S C. 22% —
Hutch SPC 14!a 15U|Paauhau S C 15 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l49U130>,,Oceanlc S Co 6Ji "7<i
Cal Fruit A*. — 9Oij Pac A FA. .2% —
CaiWlxwAs.— 90 iPac C Borx.160 —
¦ '':" '" . '. Morning Session.
Board— /
2<> Alaska Packers' Association. ..150 00
150 Mutual Electric Light 13 23
40 Pactfte Lighting 56 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ; 60 00
* 175 SF G & E. trustees 1 ctfs «W 5<> .
50 S F G & E. trustees' ctfs «> 00
100 S F G & E. trustaes* ctfs » 12V»
50 S F G & E. trustees' ctfs 6S 87»»
50 S F G & E. trustees' ctfs 63 62Vi
• • * . Afternoon Session.
$21,000 Market-st Ry 1st Con 6s 117 75
150 Mutual Electric Light 11 30
25 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
75 Pacific Gas Imp 62 5t»
10 Pacinc Gas Imp S3 <»>
40 Pacific Gas Imp 53 25
Rrt 8 F Gas * Electric Co 68 6O
«. 30 S F Gas 4T Electric C» «8 25
Noo S F Gas & Electric Cft-..... # . «S 00
60S V Water .'.'. .....-; 83 23 j
Street — _ „ ¦ ... „ •
• »8,000 Market-st R R Con 6s Bonds.. 11. .5
Butter and E?;s are both dearer. Cheese,
shows no change. Meats. Poultry and Fl«h
remain about as before. Fruits and Vegetables
continue In .their usual summer abundance, at
normal prices.- Crabapples are added to too
llJt."
COAL. PER TON— *
Wellington .:$— <?10 00? New
Seattle $— @ 3 50| Wellington f— 4J10 *>
Roslyn $-h» 0 00 Coos Bay....*—© 7 BO.
Richmond ...I — 6 8 SOJGreta $ — 'd 9 CO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq5Offl«5C I Common Eggs 22B25
Do good .; 4iJ® 15 Ranch Eggs 25®a«
Cheese, Vni . . lJKi£C| Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern..20<@2n pound 13<520
Cheese, Swiss ...25@3C« Do extracted... 8810
MEATS. PER POUND-^-
Bacon 15®22 Pork Sausage.. 13H«13
Hams .".... .1631* Smolced Beef ....—©;»
Lard 15©— I
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail price* for
meats : *-
Roast Beef 1O«1S Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS«20
Tenderloin Steak. KVfMS Foreqrtr Mutton.. 8©10
Porterhse. do.l7%CF22% Leg Mutten....l2%«15
Sirloin Steak. .12»4^tl5 Mutton Chops. .12U»1*
Round Steak... 10@12% Mutton Stew .... $£10
Beef Stew .....— iftiORcast Veal 12©20
Corned Beef .... SQ ID Veal Cutlet! ...15@20
Soup Bones .... 4®— Veal Stew ....12%$15
Soup Meat 6«10 Roast Vork tt%$13
Lamb cnops . . . .— <g2u! Pork Chop* ....152 IS
ForeqrtrLamb 12%&liJ
POULTRY AND GAME—."...
Hens, each 50$ SO' Geese, each $1 23
Young- Roosters, {Goslings $1 BO
each 6C885: Pigeons, pair ...40<trso
Old ' Rosters. ea.5O965. Squabs, pep palr.35^30
Fryers, each 40-fr5O! Rabbits. «ach ..—©20
Broilers, each. ..23635! Hare, eatfi .....— ©20
Turkeys, per lb.. 23@24 'Wild Doves, da. .|1 60
Ducks, each 50@75
FRUITS AND. NUTS— .*."... /•' ;•; , -
Apricots, per lb. 4.Q * Huckleberries, lb— ©13
AUUtr Pears. ea.20®25 Limes, doa — ©15
Almonda MtrSt* Lemons, dox ...'.13©25
Apple* 4@ >• Loganberries, per
Blackberries. dr..2M|.T0 drawer ...: 2S'B4O
Cantaloupes 10®2W Nectarines, lb ..—#10
Cherries. lb...l2%tyl3jNutmeg Mel, ea.— ©10
Cranberries, qt.. .—©25' Oranges, doz ....20® 50
Crabapples. lb.... Vn n ! Plums, lb ....... 49 •
Currants, pr dr...G0<@75 Peaches, per lb. . 0® 8
Pecajis — <& 20 Pears, per lb ...— «5
Brazil Nuts S0$» — Pineapples. ea...35@t35
Bananas, dox .. — ©30 Raisins, per lb.. 8<S15
Chestnuts 15^20 Raspberries. drw2S@3O
Cocoanuts. each. — © 10 Strawberries.' per
Dried Figs, pr lb— ©U> drawer 33©3O
Fresh Figs, pr lb 8@10. Tangerines. d0S..13£2O
Grapes, per lb.. .2»1?r{0 Walnuts, jjer lb. 13020
Grape Fruit, d^-BO^U'Watermelons, ea.lO@3O
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz....10<a40 Lima Beans. Ib.lO©lS
Asparagus, lb . 8©12}i Mushrooms, lb .. — ©75
Beets, dozen 10«y— Onions, per lb. . . l<a 3
Beans, white, lb. 5<g> — Okra. dried, lb.. — ©25
Colored, per lb Mi> — Okra. green .; t. ©13
Dried Lima, lb... 6® S Potatoes, new.lb— 9'iVt
Cabbage, each . . 5©lo Parsnips, per di. 15*220
Celery, head 5®10 Rhubarb, la 3© 8
Cress, At bunch.l3«— Radisaes,ds bch»15&20
Cucumbers, dz...2fi<^25 b'age, dz bunches25®
Garlic .-..—© «¦ String Beans, lb. AQ 9
Green Corn. doz.25«4o'Summer Squaah.
Green Peppers, lb 5*9' & per lb ..:. S© 3
Dried Peppers : .1C©25 i Sprouts, per lb..— © —
Kgg Plant «<8 8' Spinach, per lb.. — © 5
Green Pea», p Ib... 6® alThyme.dx bnchs.23Q.JO
Lettuce, per dox. l«©20| Turnips, per dz..— ©15
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5©20 Tomatoes, lb ... ft® 8
FISH—' -
Barracouu —©13 Sea Bass .—©13
Carp 10©12i,4 Smelts —©15
Ca«J«h — ©12^ Soles 12%OIS
Codfish — ©12J, Skates, each ...10ffl3
Ftounders. ....... 10© — Squid ..—©10
Halibut 15<tv— Tomcod 12H0 —
Herring — «i— Turbot 20©
Mackerel .. — ©15 Trout. Salmon .. ©3.1
Do horse 15® — Trout —©40
Rackflsn — ©15 Brook Trout ... ©75
Salmon, freshen®! 3 Whltefish 1(V3—
Do smoked ...—©23 Clams gallon ..600—
Sardines 10@— Do hard»hell.lb &S10
Shrimps • — ft — Crawfish — & —
Shad ........... lOj* — Crabs, each . .12H«I3
Striped Bajm ... — ftl3 Mussels, quart. — ©12V«
Perch .....10© — Oysters Cal. 100.40©S<>
Pompinj 5<1©— Do Eastern. da. 30©4O
Rockcod 50©80 " .
NEW FRUIT— Apricot*, 1 . 788c' for Royals;
Evaporated Apples," 6%c; Peaches, 4tt$5c lor
fair to good stock; Pears, nominal at 7c. '
, OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4©5^c;
sun-dried.. 3©4c; Peaches.- AQ&Ac; Pears. 49
•I He for quarters and 5§t>VaC for halves; Nec
tarines. 4©Sd for white; Plums. 4$6c for pitted
and l@l%c fo r unpltted: Figs, 3^©ic for black
and 4S5c for white.'. ._ ¦
PRUNES— 1W2 crop. 2H®2Kc for tha tanit
sites, with H®lc premium for the, large *lzes.
RAISINS — 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-Ib boxes. 5V«c per
lb; 3-crown, 5*ic; 4-crown; 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. Sc: Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layeri, 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 3O; 4
crown fancy, clusters,' 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehee/s. 20-lb boxes; $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
2O-lt/boxes. $3; Seeded. • f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7#e; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%«13c;
No.^2. 10^®llHc; No. 1 hardshell. 11% itf 12c;
No. 2. 10®10%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10#©llc for I X L, 10©10%o for Ne Plus Ul
tra And 8®8%c for. Languedoc: Peanuts. 6@7c
for. Eastern: Pecans. Ilsgl3c; O-Koanuts. $4 60
©5. . - •••¦•,;•..¦
. HONEY— Comb, new. -nominal: new water
*Ki.«?, tracted ' 5 %®««: H*ht amber extract
ed, SjS5%c; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27«29e per lb. # -
Dried Fruiis' i Nuts;Raiiins t Honey
¦¦*"'¦¦¦'¦/>''¦¦--"¦- '.'¦''- '¦• ••¦ -" '> - • - ¦'"' - " ' -¦ '¦• ¦'?¦
THE SAN rKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -*JUJLY 25, 1903.
\FAMILY RETAIL MARKEl\
LOCAL MARKETS.
• Continued on Page Thirteen.
CHICAGO. July .24.— The ( Opening in wheat
showed an easier tone on tbe cables, but a
Rood demand, based on ' disappointing reports
of yield from the Northwest, forced an early
advance. September selling from ¦ the opening;
76H®76Uc to 78% @7«%c. Offerings became
free at the advance, however, and resulted In
a'breakto 75*i@75%C. The market was soon
of ersold and a better tone followed. : when : th«
trade started to .buy back and tha cIom was at
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN IBAyCJSCO CALL, sATURPAT^ J1JL.Y 25, :19O3.
12
HELP ¦ WANTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
1 520. SACRAMENTO ST.
¦ ."* . Phone Main 1191.
' ' 1 .'¦ SPECIAL — SPECIAL. •
OREGON OREGON 1
OREGON. ,
ON COLUMBIA RIVER NEAR
ASTORIA.
NEAR ASTORIA.
NEAR ASTORIA.
ON COLUMBIA RIVER.
No fake ..:....:.. No strike.
Good steady job.
This is the only office that ships. ¦
- Call and see us to-day. Big crowd going.
VERY CHEAP FARE.
VERY CHEAP FARE.
FEE $1— FEE $1.
• FEE $1— FEE $1.
BIG CROWD GOING ARE YOU ?
This is company work.
NO DISCOUNT NO DISCOUNT
. COMPANY WORK.
We want
75 laborers '. '. $31 50 and fQtind
75 rockmen. ?59 and found
Company work.
..Board $16 month.... .'.$16 month board
Climate and water Is excellent Come and
go with the crowd.
TO ASTORIA...... OREGON
¦ -: , :
• BUTTE CO CHICO
Fee $1— Fee $1. " '
50 teamsters, laborers and rodtraen. $2 25
to $2 50 day, „ very cheap fare.
We shto on all trains at all tlm *s, all over
the S. P. R. R .Co.'s own work, that Is
section and extra gang men. •
FREE FARE .'..: FEE $1.
2 beef * butchers, $70 and found: 2 sheep
butchers. $60 and found,; 10 hours; cheap
fate; boss here.
t ' '
We want miners, muckers, carm*n, laborers,
teamsters,, sawmill hands, sawmill and woods
laborers and mechanics, cooks, etc.
Night camp cook, small crew, free fare. $40
and found ; waiter, . camp, free fare, $30 and
found; dishwasher.
' Call to-day, get a free list from the
' PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
- . 520 | Sacramento st.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Dishwasher at New Golden Gat*
Hotel, '164 Fourth St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
PANTS- finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st. .
RELIABLE cash boys. » S. N. WOOD & CO..
740 Market st
_____ i
WANTED— For the U. a /Marine Corps, able-
• bodied, unmarried men." between 21 * nd 3 ':
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-wat
in all. parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
1 United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st. Ban Franciscd> Cal. : 222% N. Main"
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal. jft-.;^> ¦
WANTED — Dentist, licensed, good extractor,
good rat>ld crown and bridge worker, good
address and habits; uermanent; $30 to $40
week, according to ability and application.
Schlffman Dental Company, Los Angeles.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, . rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal., or room 14.
• 26 Montgomery st. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
¦ very profitable out'ng for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery «t. San Franciaco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete and secure positions 1 ;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
System Barber College. B35 Clay st.-
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 60 to $3 per week.
WANTED — Men for steamers and sailing ves-
sels; all parts of the world. W. B. SWEARS,
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush' 436.
EXPERIENCED building ana loan men; new
territory: salary and commission. Box 18'J6.
Call office.
WANTED— A bookbinder for all round work
In forwarding and finishing. Apply SAX-
BORN. VAIL & CO. 741 Market st.
BOY wanted to assist on cakes' In bakery.
17U4 Halzht st. :
EXPERIENCED primper salesman wanted.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
BOY wanted — 253 Stevenson st. between
Third and Fourth. .
WANTED— Shipping clerk: state age. salary,
references. Box 4913. Call.
BARBERS — 2 chair shop with lease In Mission,
living rooms; snap. Deckelman Bros.. Ellis st.
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age IS years.
533 Mission st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
• 50e up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Pr*«t Com. Geo. H. Thomas PostG.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel.- 44 Third st, near Mar-
. ket— 70O* rooms, . 35c night: reading rooms:
5 free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for CalP advertisements, and
. subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. • ' . ¦ '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly, damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. ' 1st ami 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 6C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d-sts.
. HORSES A\D WACO'S.
ON account of going to. build, entire stock, of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
10 GOOD horses from the country for sale
cheap. 327 Sixth «t _.'-"'¦.„
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
nnrt gocart for rule rh»nn. W2 Ml««<»n st.
" 'HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send, for j
circular. G.H.UMBSEX J- CO.. 14 Montgomery
4 ROOMS, stable. 4 stalls. Apply 33S Thir-
tieth st; large barn for 20 tons hay.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN *c HOWELL. 23 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
PACIFIC ave. — New and complete. This Is not
a cheap, old-fashioned place, but the finest
rental property In San Francisco. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. «4ti Market st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location ; 1373 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON &. BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
1 HOUSES TO __T — SU3TJ_SAH'.
WELLESLEY Park, near Redwood— 8- room
furnished bouse, bath, etc. MEEK, 909 Mis-
sion it. '
LOCKSMITHS ¦AHm . ___CTHJCX_KS.
Lc^wmUhTndelecTrical works; J "J^e and re-
pair anything. E.J.Schnetzler. 118 McAllister.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
GOTTLOB SCHUTZ— Your J\ money orders
found" amounting to $350. Taustmana
House. 737 ta Howard st. (
T o ot Along lower Oeary and Market sts..
Udy's go d watch with short chain; dog's
htad engraved on back. Finder will receive
- ?ewa-d by returning to cashier Call office or
.757 Fifty-ninth nt.. Oakland. !
TOST— \n IriSh terrier dog: docked tall; short.
"mT>- brown hair: answers to the name of
Pat Return to Calif. Safe Deposit & Trust
Co. 'stnd -receive reward. *
i n<iT— School bonds of Laurel district. Ala-
meda County, for $1600: somewhere between
Sausallto and broad-gauge boats; $20 reward
for return to J. R- CRAIG. Haywards.
t OST— Small purse containing $15 gold, two
rings and pin; liberal reward. 004 Laguna.
it will way to "Remember" that the California
%"atch-Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
rnW »n<1 < *" v>r tn ~» k> ry— watch es_»e» .
~~~~~~~ MEDICAL.'
MRS DR. WYETH. .specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
.years' experience. '728 Post at., near Jones.'
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troublea and lrregularitlea; Instant re-
lief- guaranteed. 100»?» Market St. opp. 8th.
DR O. W.'O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble -consult this . specialist .on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-'
tunate helped: the. most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
- specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.-
A maternity vtlla: private: secluded;. conflden-
tlal-Dr. E. Funke. -1410 Eighth st. Alameda,
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and^nxDOO HERBS-
I original method of treatment 1120 Market st
MEDICAL^— Conxinoed. '___'_
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk/nr. Van Ness— Expert
Jn obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs. exper'nee.
DR ROSEN, moved to 299S Folsom st». cor.
26tb; relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell at-, opposlt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS—- FOR SALU.
BOILERS engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; it will pay ycu to ex-
amine our roods and prices: established 1S3O.
LICHTENSTEIN BRO9-. 23 Stockton ,t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery. boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and .
exchanged See Sunday's papers. H.3.WH1TB
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale st.
A-Flne suits, $7 50; dress panU. $2 50. Orlg-
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors 239 Ktarny «..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DEKBY and fedora hats. $X 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 0 P- m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear mac finery en-
gines ¦ boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
TWO Irish national flags, cne bunting, one
silk, at half price U sold right away. Ap-
ply 1217 Market st. C. J. 3ARROX.
FOR sale— 300 light empty second-hand woodea
boxes. Box 4228. Call.
SLOT machines: all varieties. Dewey**. $50 po.
Eureka Novelty Co.. 1508 Seventh. Oakland.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY _ SONS. 109 VallaJo it.
MOVING picture film and ton* illdea. 109
Montgomery st. ' __———————
6 A FES— New and second-hand. _. B. BECK:
& CO.. 122 Market st. *
All bargains ; camp stools and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sties. J. E. DOAK. 49 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; ail
makes. ALEXANDER - CO.. '10 Montr y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving Vlo*
tnres. BULLARD - BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for II.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; h_sj|««
price paid. 322 «rant ave.: tel. Red 3033.
~~ " MON'EY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
601-e02-603 Examiner buildings
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
• Save expenses by dealing directly.
. Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; -legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
P» When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84U
Market St.. tell Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail roer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 633 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plano:no removal;
no commission: no publfcsity; $2."i up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
• LOAX3IFROM $1 to $10.000. >
AT cut rates on real estate, furnltuta or piano:
no commission. E. 'W. LICK. H>03 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70* Market; phone Main 816.
S F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold., silver,
diamcnd.*, pearls and precious staces bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on eacJi
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 1(1. ,
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
'v. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
>ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry - per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 60ft Examiner bid.
MUSICAL IXSTBUMEXTS.
A NUMBER of good pianos returned from
renters will be sold at greatly reduced prices.
Among these instruments axe several of ths
leading makes. Other bargains:
3 Chickerlngs $130. $183. $2U5
1 KImball. walnut upright, celluloid keys..$rt*
2 Emerson •' ?}f?* f 2 -?
2 Steinway $185, *'-?.>
I Heine .* **« to HS5
12 squares »i* tO 'I 70
10 organs *10 to $.3
Rents $2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano-players from $90 up; new
pianos from $117 ud. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary St.; phone Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163; great bargain. 23T Ge ;y st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vcse. Sterling. Jacobson. Schweehten.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Halnes, Everett and others; easy laymenta.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON.. l«-20 O'Farrell st.
No branches In San Francisco.
THIS week we give BIO BARGAINS Instead
of big' "ads." Oar prices are all right and
our terms easy. THE ZENO MaUVAIJ
MUSIC CO.. 7t» Market st.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Mttiwcld. Agt Pac. Coast. 278 CFarretl:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
FAMILY sailing for Australia offers at sac-
rifice handsome Steinway upright piano. 51t)
Eddy «t. ¦
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. KeenTe's.285 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. C60 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good upright; must 1 be sold at
once. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 309-312 Post st
SUPERIOR Tloltas. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE wltb large basement: near Kearny st
See owner. 636 Clay St. room 1. '
v _" '• PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittlngs-and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE. opMm and laudanum habits cured
st home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians: corre-
spondence strictly confidential: in plain, seale.l
envelope; call or write to-day. India Dru*
Cure. 201 Turk st: Bruce P. Klmmls. Mar.
WANTED — 999 men with scalp diseases; los«
• of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
8:3O lo 6. Sunday* 10 to 12. Prof. OEO. A.
GARLOW.- Specialist room 218. 997 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. |— -
proves Its growth: stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
.cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Ca.333Geary. .
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the* motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. /.
W. EVANS, agent. 10S1 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' -experience, cures per-
manently mcrphlne, cocaine habit. C»U or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Gnat »t«..
_, corner Sutter st: tt« moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
st, near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. •
AT Jess than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS:. London
Tailor. 721 Market st -. ' ' - ¦ ,
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: BO cants
and up per week; LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket it. between Seventh and Eighth. , .
BUREAU of . Practical Information— Formulas
- and recipes . for everything. Room 12. 331
Kearny st. -
SUITS to order on Installments. SI per week. -
Neubaus ft Co.. merch. tailors, 72T-729 Market.
ALL styles hairdressing. 25c; hair goods: mani-
curing 25c ,G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
.MURRAY & READY. '*:
' .', 634 and.636'Clay st. '". '•
PHONE, MAIN 6848. PHONE MAIN 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
•'-- THIS IS WHAT .
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
t . . MAN AND MAN. '
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL! *" "
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902, We gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000/ Men Work. .60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU . FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
- « ' — — _ - ' -V- '^-,* ¦
Ogden, Utah, •- ' . All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, ' Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, - • » Oregon,
San Fernando, '¦¦->,;>.- . Washington,
Los Angeles County, / Central America,
Arizona. Wlllits, Uklah,
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST. SOUTH.
;r T INCLUDING OG DEN,' UTAH.
Carpenters , and' helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and- machine
men.- corner -.and. bench hands, muckers,
chuck • tenders, car. dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks,- waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5 $4, $3 50. $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day. ' ' ' -
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? . ARE YOU?- ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 63tt Clay st.
WHAT IS IT?
» NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 , ITALIANS. FREE FARE.
153 , GREEKS. FREE FARE-.
155 -. AUSTRIANS. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves.*. Managers at our office.
¦ Eee them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-B36 Clay ft.
. GOLD. SILVER. '
COPPER. COAL, ETC.
186 miners, single and double hand, machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, - f urnacemen. etc.,
$90. $85, $75 and found. , . •
386 laborers (no experience required), $60
and $75.
Farce from ?1 60 to $5. Many managers at
our office. •
TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
186 drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $90, $75
and $60.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, tto experience wanted,
$42 found; fare $2.
Fcr stables.- 12 men, $60 to $75.' k - - .
For farms, 125 men. $30, $35, $40 found.
For orchards, 250 men. $2fi. $30 found.
Fcr dairies, 65 men, S30, $35, $40 found.
For chores. 30 men and boys. $30, $25, $20,
$15 found.
For hay harvest,' 63 men, $1 50, $2, $2 50
day and found.
36 FRUIT PICKERS. ?2tt AND FOUND.
¦ ¦>'¦¦• LOOK. .
39 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
¦ 655 laborers, country, $2. $2 60 day."
, Coachmen, cardeners. private choremen.
,> Married Help Wanted.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels,- sawmills, etc., $40, $50. $60, $70.
$80 and found. ¦
MURRAY & READY, C34-630 Clay St.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths, $3; engineer, $3 day. -. .
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 60.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4.
Carriage, makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
» brick molders, $3 50: Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
¦ SPECIAL — 12 two-horse teamsters.
. For a large lumber company, manager here,
, $60.. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks, all over California, $90. $S0. $75,
$60. $50. $40, $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, . res-
taurants, saloons harvest outfits, etc.
. 18 waiters, $35 $40, $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers, $35, $30, $20 and
found.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
. makers, $45 to $15 and found.
Crisp maker, $10; porter, city store, $40.
Second cook, mine, $40. also waiter, $30 fd.
Steward $50 found; third cook. Eureka. $30.
21 launarymen, all classes, $18 week up.,
G bakers and helpers. $35, $40, $60 and found.
12 boys to learn trades. '
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
155 COAL. MINERS. OREGON. Free fare.
155 COAL MINERS. OREGON. Going free.
155 TEAMSTERS, 4 BUTTE CO.. $1, $75
155 LABORERS. BUTTE CO.. $1. $67 50
155 AX AND WOODS MEN, BUTTE CO..
$67 60.
155 DRILL AND HAMMERMEN, BUTTE
• CO., $1, $75.
FREE FARE.' 55 MEN. .WILLITS, UKIAH.
. % TO-DAY.'
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
. FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. C66 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
'Santa Barbara Dist. Santa Cruz Dist.
Pan Luis Obispo Dist. Santa Clara Dist.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. Alameda Dist.
Solcdad Dist. Paso Robles l)l*.t.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Lob Angeles Dist. Fresno Dist.
Gulnda Dist. Cordelia Dist.
Madison Dist. Farmlngton* Dist.
Alto Hundreds of Different Places on Their
Divisions on Every* Train
NORTH. EAST, ( SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st_
" HUMBOLDT COUNTY. J2 50. i
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc.. $60 WAGES.
SANTA BARBARA— FREE FARK •
25 laborers,- MANUFACTURING PLANT:
ITS GOOD; *i $45 and found
To-night. TO ARIZONA. FEE $1. To-night
SANTA FE. $1 FEE. SANTA FE.
12 spikers. $2 25, 9 hours' work; 12 track
men, $2 25.'
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY? ¦• ?v
KG LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
| Located in - 4 • States
Managers Here 2 , Territories
FREE— FA RE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience . wanted,. $30 to
$70 arid found. ¦
• 186 experienced mill yard men, $40 to $150 fd.
383 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found. . »
Millwrights and stlckermcn. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths and woodturners.
• Barkers and . ,earloaders.
Tree fellers. ( . Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgjrmen
Oilers and engineers. - Saw filers
Pondmen. band sawyers. .Carriage doggers'
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders
Shingle packers, also janitors. Chute builders
$40, $50, $60, $70, $80, $90. $1CO to $150
month and found. • • , •,
3Srt woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle, post
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
Dig L . . MURRAY & READY
Truetti. ¦ C34 and 0.J6 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT] *
MAIL M PHONE TELEGRAPH
Cotk. sawmill, south, lew men, $40 and iound
2 -deck hands; dredrers. ¦
Section boss, lumber company, north. $45 fd
Pruner for ranch, fare $1.
WILLITS. URIAH
15 men. free fare. $67 50. l '
4 gold miners, boss at our office. $S2 50 fd
Woodworker, Fresno County, $3 50 day
Chef cook, mine, $70; vegetableman. -mine.
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
Steward. $U0; 3. waiters, same hotel, $30 fd
Stableman, country, $47 and found ¦
Cook, tamp. $45; waiter, camp. $23- both
lumber company. •
3 lumber pliers, $50 and found, exceptional
good mill..
Man and wife, ranch, Stan'.slaus Co * $70 fd
3 laborers, sold mine, boss here $«o
Butcher, all round work, fare $1 $;{3 found
Boy. drive derrick fork, fare $1. $25 found '
3 carpenters, boss here, free fare. $82 fou.id.
Machinist, lumber company, fare $•» 90 390
Blacksmith, camp, city, $."io"found. '
Blacksmith, shop, special good job, fare $1 \
$75 foi:nd. , w '
Blacksmith, 10c fare. $3 day.
Choreman. also stableman, ranch, fare $1 50
$»5o found. •. '
Handy man, city/ ?2 day; 3 waiters, coffee-
f houses, $10 week. Skt,i
Man/" take charge of boys' Institution. |30
1« boys and young men about stores, etc..
$40 and ?20 a month.
Picture framer: solderer. $2 75 day; buddcr
nursery.. ?40 found; 0 butchers, slaugh-
ter-house men. *30 to $60 and found
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK. '
. 12 laborers, board 'yourselves, $2 5O-dny
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA
MURRAY & READY, 634-030 Clay at.
: SPECIAL.
LATE ORDERS
Blacksmith, ranch. Santa Clara Co.. boss
here. $50 found; blacksmith's helper.- ranch.
$35 found; cook, 0 men. $30 to $35 found:
cook, dredge, 5 men. near city, $.10 to $35
found; 6 laborers, near city, $2 day; 5 labor-
ers, San Mateo Co.. f 60;. bellboy, city SIS
": found. ¦• ¦; ¦ - . < . « I
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. '
' ' . \'. ' -.520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191— cor. Leldesdcrff st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
. pair. • foot-form : shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
' shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
st.; Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Errand boy in . tailor ' store. 24
Phelan building. 800 Market st. "¦¦* ',- k.' :¦ >
WANTED— Man to solicit for picture - frames;
.60 I'grcenton >l.v 1000, Stockton «t. , .-. '
WANTED-^-Good, sober, quick.'.' steady man to
wash dishes: small restaurant. 52 -Eighth st.
WANTED— A I smart young bootblack j at 799
.-Geary st.'.' .-..¦ ¦, '. ¦¦'¦,.¦ ¦;,- >„; -¦..!--
TRY- our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form* shoes at $2 50; we pay express cr
" mall charges. 11 Third irt., Examiner bldg. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook and laun-
dress, wishes position in private American
family; likes children; $15 to $20; references.
794 Folsom 6t. ' / ; ¦'
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ing and ironing, by the day. Address 1203
i Vallejo st. .
: TRAINED 3 nurse, speaking French and Eng-
I . lish. will care for and travel with Invalid;
' terms reasonable; references. Box 4917. Call.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements;
'can give baths, rubbings or any care the sick
may require. Phone Scott 3151.
WANTED by middle-aged woman, situation
. as cook; small boarding-house or ranch cook;
no general housework; city, or country. Ad-
dresa box 4221. Call. ¦'
A RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wishes
work by the day washing or cleaning. Ad-
dre»s C. S.. 127 Second st. '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Futon's Bazaar. fi.T> McAllister st.
E M PLO YMEXT WASTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
¦ ' florist and gardener to take charge of "big
.place, either private or commercial; good
, ' reference. Addresa A. W.. box 1227. Call.
WANTED — Position by two rough carpenters;
country preferred. Box 4915. Call office.
A POSITION as cashier or assistant treasurer
In first-class hotel, or wholesale' or large
• retail dry-goods company, or large lumber
company. Box 4222. Call Office. : a . .*:
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-,
'perience; day work, preferred. ' Address. box
43. Petaluma. Cal. ' ¦¦;- / ¦:'.
RELIABLE, honest young man. German,
steady sober, wishes situation as bartender;
cltv references. Box 4200. <jall office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes position In
boarding-house or private family. ; Address
TOY. 002 Clay st. - ' ¦. .< -
SITUATION wanted in private family by first-
class Chinese cook; wages $40 'per month.
AH LEE. 1016 Stockton St.. city.
JAPANESE, good boy. wants a situation as
school boy In small family. K. UCHIYA-
MA, care Gospel Society, 725 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED adverlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. '
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Poet.
FLATS TO 1,1 :t.
HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantaee of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 2J5-'_5« Geary
st., on the square. ¦ •
PARK flats: new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
I ELEGANT new flat 5 rooms, all modern Im-
provements; low rent. 1050 Noe st. ; Mission
, and Twenty-fourth-st. cars pats. .\ ..
FRENCH flat, 5 rooms and bath. 349 Hickory
. ave.. near Laguna st. /
NICE 7-room fiat; new, tinted, sunny; reason-
able. 447 Broderick st.. bet. Hayes and ,Fell.
TWO new modern upper flats, 6 rooms each;
sun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
j VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 rooms: sunny,
, modern and up to date; marine view.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1397 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
$11 — COTTAGE of -4 sunny rooms, "yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
GREENWICH, 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open. '
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
A FLAT to rent and new furniture for rale;
bargain. 1553 Post St.: Inquire forenoon.
FUKNITURE FOK SALE.
EIGHT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
ing away. 1435 Mission st.
i FURNITURE WANTED.
, A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, children's home, $40; cook,
no washing, San Mateo, $35. see lady at
office, 10 o'clopk tQ-day; cook, no wash,
Mountain View. $35; 2 cooks, city. $30, $35; 3
second girls, $20. $25: 4 nurseglrls, $20, $25;
' cook for men on ranch. $25; housework. Men-
1 lo Tark. $30; 2 chambermaids. $17 50;-cham-
, bcrmaid, country, $-0; housework. Belvedere,
$'M>; housework, $30; second girl. Menlo Park.
$;U); 2 German governesses, $25 and $30;
houjsegh-ls at $20, $25, $30 and $.15, city and
country; call to-day. J. F. CROSETT &
' CO.. .T<4 Sutter st. t
' COOK and wife and 2 helpers for 115 men,
lumber camp, $175 and part fare paid; see
boss at our office this forenoon. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED-^2 waitresses for first-class cafe; $8
.week; da" off. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., «34 Sutter Bt.
• A WOMAN to cook for 10 men. $25; house-
keeper for two men, eee party here 10 o'clock;
woman with a child, $20; two second girls,
young ladles' school; chambermaid, $25; laun-
; dress. $30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
- HAIRDRESS1NO, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remt-val cf superfluous batr taught
. from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
• guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
) and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
• A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdressing
1 trale; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
" k-t St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve. class :call
¦I A — OPERATORS on ladles" underwear; good
t I wages: steady position. I. MAGNIN _ CO..
65« Mission st.
• A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' walsU;
i good wages; steady ' employment. 650 Mls-
' sion et.. I. MAGNIN - CO. *
i A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
I rants' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
t ' MAGNIN _ CO.. 656 Mission st. '
1 WANTED.
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT;
s GOOD WAGES AND STEADY 'WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY. CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION,
• CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
' WOMEN and girls wanted to work . on fruit
1 and canning; steady work; highest wage*.
Apply California Canneries. Co., Brannan
) et., between Third! and Fourth.
" GLCTVEMAKERS wanted; experienced sllkers,
banders and . makers. Carson "Glove Co..
123 Second St.
A — Practical Millinery School, estab. 14, years;
terms ea*y.'81tt O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
• FOLDERS— Experienced book fslders wanted.
> \F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st. ' r ; •-
- MARTHA KING, call at 2020 Green St.
- WANTED— Girls to learn , book-folding; : also
experienced book-folders and sewers, at Me-
INTYRE'S Bindery, 424 Sansoroeet.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
'WAGES; PAID .WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY ' AT
ONCE. *
AMES & HARRIS,
- 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST y
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN I ACTOR X
32*4 FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAU&S - CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
j" ; zzzr ~~ ~~
GIRLS, stay away from the bag factories;
strike- on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. 10(548. j
f _____
WOMEN and girls tp work on fruit: steady
employment- highest wages. CODE-PORT-
...WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
.for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve.. School only. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Franc.sco.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; large
wash given out; wages $25. Mrs. H.. Ross
Station. __________
GIRLS .for factory work; good'wages; no ex-
perience necessary; steady employment.
Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st.
WOMEN to *ew on buttons at LEVI BTRAUSS
& CO.'S shirt factory, 3rt^ Fremont St.;
take elevator. See MR. HINDSHAW.
REFINED woman, who has had some experi-
ence among the sick," for business position.
- Box 4210. Call. ¦
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE ¦ STS.
WANTED— Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. 1 Apply Girls' Directory. Central
' ave. and Waller st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
In bakery. 1794 Halght at. \
WANTED— Experienced demonstrator; give
particulars and salary. Box 4226 Call office.
GENERAL assistant In foto sludlo: experl-
' enced. JOHNSON. 10% Sixth st.
GIRL for housework; references; 420 per month.
629 Hayes. '
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Calh«dvertlsement» and
subscriptions has been established at lOttti
Valencia st. —
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. EMPLOYMENT
AGENTS.
429 Bush st j. ....'.642 Clay st
Hello Grant 185.
FREE FARE— SHIPPING DAY FOR
¦ Chatsworth Park; machine, ; tunnel men,
hand drillers ........$2. $3
(Bonus 25c day remain until work^ done.)
Pinole and Vallejo Junction, section hands..
(I 70
(Absolutely Free Fare for all Above.)
Harness cleaner, $70 and room; leverman for
dredger, , $00; blacksmiths,- carpenters, shoe-
makers, • carriage maker, $3, $3 50: stable-
man. $30; 3 teamsters.- free fare, $2 25.
25 Scandinavians, pile lumber. .$2 75 day,
country. , --
Chef, mining boarding-house, fare re-
funded ........ .$70
Chief cook, hotel, Nevada, • free fare.,.. $75
Second cook, springs, fare paid. $<J0; cooks,
broilers, fryers, seconds, city and country.
$40. $75; restaurant butcher, $(J0; French
cake baker. $50; bowling alley man. springs,
fare paid . $25; dishwashers, potwashers,
waiters. Santa Cruz, $30. $10; pantrymen,
dishwashers, waiters, bell and elevator boys.
$15. $25; butcher to drive wagon. $10 week:
. kitchen crew, north, $20. $15, $8 week, and
" numerous others. . - • ', » •
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. EMPLOYMENT
AGENTS *
429 Bush st 042 Clay st.
8 WOODCHOPPERS for mining co.. $1 50 a
cord; :l farmers and wives. $40, $50 and $55
and found; foreman for olive and walnut
orchard. $00 and found: farmers. $2t$ and $30
and found; milkers, $3Q and $35 and found;
butter-maker, $40 and found; chore boy lor
ranch,- $15 to $20 ami found: 4 teamsters for
lumber co.. $60; stable and chore man, 1 pri-
vate family. $25 and found; old man to care
for place. $5 and found; Ironer and polisher.
$45 and found: Iron molder, $3 day; miners,
laborers, quarrymen and others. J. F.
CROSETT ft CO.. tT-'S Sacramento St..
COOK and wife and 2 helpers for lumber crew
.- of 115 men. $17.\ part fare paid, see boss this
¦forenoon; 2 hotel waiters. ?-W and found;
j private family waiter. $35 and found; , cook,
country restaurant. $12 week; 2 restaurant
cooks. $70 and $75; colored porter, $25 and
found: dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT& CO.. 028. Sacramento st.
WANTED — An indoor servant; first-class
American family;; country: $35; call to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., ,334 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
, Dishwasher. $30; cook. $70.
GOLDEN West Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation — Male and female help on short no-
tice; 50 laborers.' $2 25 per day: sheep herder,
- $30 per month: 7 waitresses, $25 to MO per
month. PARKHURST & MAUPIN, 21
Drumm st.
FOR, sale — A good 3-chalr barber shop In th«
country. . For particulars apply at the Barber
Supply Dept. of the WILL & FINCK CO., 10
O'Farrell st. . \ ' . 'V
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall- charges. 11 Third st.. ¦ Examiner bids;;
BARBER Cor Saturday; close early. 100 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦'' .- : . ' . v
BARBER from 5 Saturday to Sunday noon at
.532'^. Third st. . . :
BARBER • wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
'2023: Powell' «t. .
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted: young man pre."
. frrred. 947 Flllmore st.. corner. McAllister.
BOY wanted;' butcher shop.', 2203 . Polk St.
MAN to do janitor work < for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A. Howard st.
TRY our men's shoes ; at ¦? $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 SO; we pay express charges. 11
: Third St., Examiner big.; catalogue »ent free.
BOY to wash dishes for a -small restaurant,
$5 a ,w«ek. Box 401S,', Call, office.- ¦¦ ;
A BUTCHER for restaurant; $55. .ANDRE'S,
317 Stockton st. . - ¦ ¦ ¦ -. .-,' ¦';::: 1
.WANTED — 2 : boy . ' feeders .* on - platen press.
Mutual' Label & Litho. Co., 2d and Bryant.
SAX FRAJV CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco '
CalU corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street [
corner Clay; open untU »:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CI5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m,
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. . j
2281 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 r. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. tn. •
1«>6 Valencia street; open until »P«l- _
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreeu; open until 8 p. m. •
2200 Flllmore street: op— 1 until * p. m. - >
CHl'RCU SERVICES. ,
FIRST United ProfbytTlan Church, cor. Golden
Gate ave. and Polk Ft.— Preaching to-morrow
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by the pastor. H. '
H. Bell. D.D. Morning theme. "The Deed of
Deeds." Evening theme. 'Seeking and Fina- ;
ing Christ." Sabbath -school at »:45 a. m. j
K societies at 5:30 and «:30 p. m. Strangers
cordially invited to all services. Pewa free. ,
tTourteous ueh<>rs. Come and bring your
frltnds. _______—_—_———• •
MEETING NOTICES.
PAST Masters' Association of Callfor- •
nla, F. and A. M. — Remilar monthly JTi
meeting THIS <SATURDAY) EVEN- /cSV
ING at t> o'clock. Hy order of the *-_»^
President. H. J. OWEN. Secretary. ,
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. O !
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- VV
NOON, at 2:30 o'clock; third degree; /V\ ,
Master Masons cordially invited. By j
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec. ;
IX)RIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— '
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) TCjC
EVENING, at 6:30 o'clock sharp; /?> J
third, degr*e; Master Ma_«ons cordially ;
invited By order of the Master. ;
J. R. GOLDSMITH. See.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. ,_«»_*_.
2 1 O. O. F.— Regular m»etlng -jtyjMBfjPw
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. 4«SJ?S?i?
First degree. '"SSSt^^
WM. B. CURTIS. P. — ¦
CONCORDIA LoSge No. 122. I. O.
( 1. F. — Tl.* nt-mtiTS of the fu-
r*ThJ committee are hereby noti-
fled to a#Eemble at Odd Fellows' -*5SjKc!^
Hall SUNDAY. July 2«. at 12:30 p. m. sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
ERNEST KLEVESAHL. deceased. By order
of W. MEYER. N. G. j
CHRIST. ROEBER. Rec. fcec. j
THE funeral detail of the a fcf»7» . >«^ !
K:KRer5 eni Stevedores' ¦_¦ _I V If. ,7*1 ,
Union Asffx-lttl^n. l.«"pin- b^tSSS^SjSSS? ¦
ring with the name of AL- •- <m rrt ¦ ¦
EXAXDER RYDER and ending wltb WAL-» '
TER SHEELE. will assemble at their hall.
C03 Front at., SATURDAY. July 25. at 1
P ».. sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, CHARLES YOUNG. By order
of THOS. F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
REBEL Cnrk Bene\-oler.t Association —
Will hold its seventeenth annual pic- \\X_f
nlc in Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on «vt*
SUNDAY. August 2. 1»H. Numerous CCW&
' pate end game prlzc-s. A Domestic 2~T_t
sewing-machine will be glvrn for a first gate
prlre. now on exhibition at 1021 Market Ft.
A first-class union band will be in attend-
ance. Boats leave, every half*hour for the
park. Buy )<>ur tickets for Shell Mound.
Don't forget the date, as this is the picnic of
the season — Sunday. August 2.
P. DEASY. Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary'-
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN L. _ IZXZ~
V. Society — Officers and rrKtn- VLjiJU
bers. y>u lire hereby notified to fmSsSgm
iiH-TrA'.f Gt 1321 Washington St.. tSCdfp'/S
on SUNDAY. July iv>. at 1 JWnfffa
o'clock r- m t-i^ri 1 . for th>- i-ur- lTis>Ip3,_
poee of attending the funeral <>f ltafipfW
our late brother. JOHN <;. VU- y^jMST
KOVICH; fire for non-attend- ~h_ts^
ence. By order of
JOHN KUKAVIZA. President.
M. G. STAN1SICH. £<ec.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of tbe stockholders of the Spreck-
els Sugar Company will be held at tbe office
cf the company. 327 Market st.. San Fran>
d«co, on MONDAY, tbe 27th day of July.
1903, at the hour of 11 a. m., for th* pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ecrulng year and for the transaction
of such other business as may com* before
tbe meeting. Tbe transfer books will close
on Friday. July 24. 1903. at S p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf th* stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Corcpary will be held at the
ctfl.ee of the company, 327 Market et., San
Frandsoo. en MONDAY, the 27th day of
July. 1903, at tbe hour of 11:30V. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for . the
transaction cf such other business *¦ may
ccme before the meeting. The transfer
¦bocks will cloae en Friday. July 24. 1903. at
8 p. m. W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for thi ensuing year and the transaction of
fuch other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
cf the company. No. 298 Eteuart street San
Francisro. on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gvet. 1903. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tte Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ACEXTS WASTED. ¦
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the encouragement, approbation
and blessing of bis Holiness by Mgr. .Bernard
O'Reilly. D. D.. LL.D.. who for eight years
lived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
tbe Pcpe. This distinguished American au-
tivor wa« summoned to Rome and appointed
I ¦>• the Pope as his official biographer. Ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
and all church authorities as the only of-
ficial biography of the Pope. Over 600
pages, magnificently illustrated. Published In
English. French and German. Unparalleled
opportunity for agents. Best commission
Elegant outfit free. THE JOHN C. WIN-
ETON CO.. 22S Dearborn st.. Chicago. HI.
ASTROLOGV.
Astrology taurht, horoscopes cast. ' Prof Ray-
tnond. boomore. <i49 Ellis. By mall if de^ ired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
BO8X. W. KINO. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
rm. Oil; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections; etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write-
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SC01.
PROMPT attention to all cases; dlvorce,e*tatcfe.
collections; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Fri.; est. IS yrs ED-
WARD ACKLEY. »27 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I. will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rates; no fees in advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St., r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick.qulet;
ro charge without success; established IS yrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market »t.. opp. Hale's. '
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneys, rs. nO9-lb-ll
Clunle bldg.. 503 CalifornU «t. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. «5o2.Mar-
ttet tt.. roorr. 23: legal advice; banl/refs.
, BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 each ;G>rman singing
canaries. $2; w« will try to pleace :'ou;every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
UUSIXESS CHAXCEsI '
WANTED — To establish an agency~for~"liiLn
Francisco and. vicinity for the sale of the
Carter -Acetylene. Gas Generators; are the
'pioneer* of the buFlnr-sf; have the most sim-
ple, efficient and economical machine in the
market ; favor&blft terms will be offered to
sn experienced party. Address Niagara Falls
- Acetylene Gas Generator Co.. Niagara Falls
New TorV.
K>700 — General express business in country town
close to city, including 4 horses. 2 wagons •}
eels harases, etc.; all In flrst-clafs condition
Address D.. care International Advertising
Agency. 130 Fansome st. ? .. .'
FOR SALE — Book* and stationery, cutlery* sit-
uated on prominent street down tocrn; long-
lease; £S years established. 226 California «t.
DRUG store for sale; located «-om rally in this
city: old established business; modern in all
its appointments; sales S2O00 per month- In-
ventory . $11,000. Address Granules, box
4223 Call. . '. ¦ . ¦'"¦.^
fcttOO— FIRST-CLASS corner .rrocery and bar-
kept by present owner 16 years; doing good
paying cash business; no agenta. Box 4914
Call office.
MAN. who know« the «-ountry wants man with
florae money to Join him on a trip to Alaska -
I references. 445 Eddy et. *
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale
Inquire hardware etore, 19th and Folsom «ts,
HalrdrwuslR* parlors ;cheap: value Jn eight ;good
location: retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7th-8th.
JSOOO — Saloon, well located, long established-
rood opportunity; retiring. Mossman. 8.>> Mkt.
$S6O— Delicacy, doing big business; better look
at this; rent $20. MOSSMAN. £50 Market st.
FINE saloon on Market st., (G500. : GEa
CLARK. 1067 Market et. / •
FOR «&le — Good paying restaurant. (250. 2723
Cutter st. -
SXit outside route for aale. Apply Call office.
Jl WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The 'Weekly C*ll.
16 pajres. In wrapper, for mailing, (1 per year
v * . ¦ • < v
If you're tired of. town life, with Ha soul-wearing strife.
Hie yourself to a farm with the babies and wife.
Find some place that will serve for a few weeks as home,
Where the pigs and the chickens in amity roam.
Where there's milk and good fruit, and the youngsters may play
In the fields and the woods and be happy all day.
The Call's circulation among farmers Is great;
Put a Want Ad. therein and not long will .you wait.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SA-E. .
100 ROOMS; house. for men; rent » 140 :;_y*«ooo
68 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
Cl rooms; corner; part cash: bsJ. e"y- »•">
11 rooms; good Income; ™nt $20. ._.... 552
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 650
~ 120 rooms: good lease; low ««}«••••••
B7 rms.;apartments; Western Add; rent.
Mccey loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
E1TEL - CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$175—9 ROOMS; 5 furnished; rent $30: 5 sub-
let at $28, on Ilth st; 3 of the 5 unfurnish-
ed. MOSSMAN, 650 Market et.
$4750—70 ROOMS; 3 years' lease; rent $350.
16 rooms- rent $45; clears $100; $1500; 8
years' lease. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg. —
Hotels apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.. A BI« FREftLISg 1 .
,\ SPIRITUALISM.
1 RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Hlstionic suggestion; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science. 105 Ellis st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle. Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1O00 Harrlron St.. cor. Sixth.
- clairv'o yaxts^_- _^__
aZ €all~at once andTave $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1* $1. $1. $1. $1. $1- $1-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco. .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false: to tell whom and when
j you will marry; in fact, I will Jell- you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yoirself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speety and ha PPy ™?-T
riares makes you successful and prosperous,
"ur« disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. ro.; Sundays 2 to 8. 32« O'Farrell st. 326.
MME. M. BERNABD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium. P«r~a-
Nnently located a^ 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and P° rt »y» tT^?P" dlB o
occur in the future; if you are in trouble dls- 1
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do- .
mestlc. love or business troubles. . co " s "" tn t 1 »
ureat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life- 25c tip: satisfaction guaranteel; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
A—CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant*
adem can be consulted regarding all matters or
business, love, marriage, divorce. Property,
speculation changes, law. reuniting eeparated.
etc.; eventhing revealed; secret power to
change. Influence or control any one or anything
as you wish in 3 to 2t days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007 H Market gt.. bet 6th and «th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian fyp«y. cl f 1 'T^ a ?, t _ p a , 1 J > t
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market ;
it cor! Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 Questions answered, $l;
full life. $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postornce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A^ImME PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Krmenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 432 Franklin, near Grove.
MADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
past, present and future life. 901 Buchanan
et.. corner Fulton; no sign.
A-Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
MISS GINSBERG, greatest clairvoyant; ladles;
25c; gents. 5Oc. N 33 5th St.. rm. 0. 1st floor.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^ Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CARPETVBE ATIXO A>D CLEAXIX G__
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 52o7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
B end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 4U.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.-tel, Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. W'ALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prlce3
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating 1 Works.
833 .Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS^^ _^
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
allmejjts of *he feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 65, 918 Market;
tel. Red €18; collections; gen'l law business.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. E5S0.
DEXTISTS.
DR~LUDLUM~hTlL. 1443 Marketnr.Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 60c; gas given.
DR C. W. RICHARDS, dentist. . has re-
moved from 47 Post et to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sta.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, gl 60 up; crown».$2 up; fllllngs,2jc.
GOLD fillings 75e. silver 25c, crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New .York Dentists. 069 Mission Ft., cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS * SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure.. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button - buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYXI-Gr AJTD CL-A-iko.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace ' curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. «315 Sacramento; pbone
for wago-. "Test 453. H. IIICKMAN. pres.
* I2DUCAT1OXAL.
A — CALDWELL Collego 'of Oratory. Acting,
i Opera and Authorship; largest In the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins oept. 7; day & evening claps; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1205 Market., "cor. Ninth.
! HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2* Poet,' S:
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
; day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
' hand and commercial course' to be had: In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13^2 Mkt.
• AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket etl; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
1 ehip. $50: day and evening sessions. I
! HEALD'S School of Mine* & EIectrlc:ty,24 Post
. et. 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
\ ¦ complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
' THE Berlitz School of Languages has Removed
• to 1000 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
- ENGINEERING-^-Clvil.. elec, min., mech..sur-
: vey assay, cyanide: day. eve. : est. 1864. Van
der'Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
f A RUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep>-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
' fall. S. F Business College. 1236 Market st
'•' SYSTEM, disclpllne^e-nd results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ;fllls every requirement
I DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
[; st. near Ninth; matiagement Prof. Foster.
• KENT Law School; day and night: Insures
: admission to bar; 0 Eddy St., cor. Powell.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arrlbas; classei
day and evening: private lessons. 834 Sutter.
i LESSONS given In Water Color or Oll-Palnt-
; Ing from Nature. CURRIER. S72 Sutter st
. ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon,nr.6th.
1 Chicago Business College. 1435 Markrt.nr. 10th.
1 PlttnAn shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
j EMPLOYMEJVT OFFICES. _.^
; GEORGE^AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135-^
t Japanese-Chinese employment - office; fur.
ntshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
; A — ORPHEUM Employment- Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
J A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. -Office. 418
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice r fcUk!ndshelp^315Stock__nj_Maln51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
r Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY" & CO.. C40 Clay.
_^__ :-'j4-»\ , "SimWASHINGTON, July -24.— Four ; indict
ments- resulting tt bnv- the -postal investi
gation ¦ are * likely : , to" be % returned by * the
.Federal^ Grand Jury In this' city-next
Monday.':^ ThV Jury has had the cases un
der consideration^ for a long. time. ,: -They
Involve ¦ contract ; matters'' closely "' related
to x transactions^ which * have already re
sulted in 'sweeping action on^the part of
the; investigating oJBc'lals.^ ItMs ; unfler-
BtoOd- that three" postal I officials -and, a
contractor- arei involved. , One % ofl these
parties is t not ; a resident " of - Washington.
Extra"! reticence ' has ' been observed * re
garding the- caees.-;-. :
GRAND "JUBY TO INDICT . ; ; •
;> ;^i THREE -POSTAL OFFICIALS
Investigation of Contract Matters De
v .velopsi "Evidence Upon Which .
:^^' v . ; ?^ctio^VWiir : B© Taken.\ "
Bausalito Land and Ferry....' 16 00 ......
Sperry Flour Company... ,. \
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 ' lft 00
Union Sugar. ; 22 5J) '
United Gas and Electric..... 34 50 .....
Western Fish Company. ,. .....
SALES.
'"j.i-: '' -' Morning- Session.
300 Home OIL-...."^ 2 95
200 Home Oil..... .'.'.:....:...:;.•...;.. 2 80
100 Sterling 3 10
,1 Hanfonl OH 120 75
"' 23 Hanford OH......' ;i2l 00
5Ot) Independence. OH : 17
1000 Oil City Petroleum 29
25 Sanitary Reduction Works 2 50
' Afternoon Session.
Board —
10O Sovereign OH 35
100 Monarch Oil , jw
100 Monarch Oil .' 53
• 1 Hanford Oil , 122 on
1000 Junction. Oil...: I ;»2
100 Home Oil ...:.... •» «
100 Home Oil. b 80 3 00
3000 Superior OH..-....,..'. OG
...Street— , ""
445 Monte Cristo Oil 05
400 Sovereign Oil. . . ; . 3a
400 Sovereign Oil, b !W» ( 4$
MINING STOCKS.'
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
V Following were the sales on the San Fran"
dsco Stock and Exchange Board' yesterday: -
Mornlne Session. - . v
1(V> Belcher 41 100 Mexican ai
100 Belcher ..:... 42 100 Oce|denUI 34
300 C C & Va ..1 40 200 Sierra NeV" £s
200 Con N T ...: 1« 200 Union Con "* 79
300 Gould & C . . 38 '
Afternoon Session. . /¦ v . -
400 'C C & Va '..1 50 200 8avage 1 * 15'
800 C C & Va ..1 60 200 Beg Belcher" 07
100 Gould * C .. 40 300 Sierra N«v 1st
; 100 Gould A C . . il 800 Union Con * M
- 500 Mexican 1 15 300 Yellow J ...* 73
300 Ophlr '.«..:. ..1 CO 300 Yellow J ..'. 72
'; PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE;
The following were the sales on the Pacific'
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.' .
800 Andes ./..... OS] 300 Ophlr ...;.;i S2U
800 Belcher 42 200 Overman 2I
200 Caledonia ..1 37*4 300 Potosl . . : . . . . 21
200 Chal Con ... 44 400 -Savage 15
600 C C & Va-..l 40 200,Slerra Nev .. M
200 C C & Va.l 42H 200 Union , Con ". . -82
MO Con Imp 03 . 200 Union, Con ..84'
'500 Mexican .....105; 200 Union Con .. 83
300 Ophlr ...... 1 47« I 200 Yellow J .... 70
200 Ophlr ...1 50| 50 Yellow J .... *7 2
' Afternoon Session. *
20O-Andef 09 200 Savago ...... 15
200 C C tc Va..l 47% 3CO Slerta Nev .. 57
300 C C & Va..l B2H 200 Sierra' Nev .. M
lOtJO Con Imp.. 1 ... 04 4C0 Sierra Nev ... «i
200 Crown P .... 22 300 Sierra. Nev .. eo
' 300 Gould tc C .. 40 300 Union Con '. . m
200 Hale-' I & * Nor. 53 . 200 Union Con . . 84
100 Hale A Nor.. 54 300 Union Con .. 87
' 500 Mexican . 110 200 Yellow J .... 72
SCO Ophlr .: IK . , .,
TONOPAH klNIXO EXCHANGE.
" The followhir - wtrt the salts . on th» San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
:'--•. .- *. • Morning Session.
6500 Esperansa ... 0«] 2000 Rescue ...... 13 ¦
. 10O MacNamar* . 20 300 North Star .. 6O 1
tlOO M0nt,Ton 861 -. .* ... :
.-' \ Afternoon Session. ,
, 100 MacNamara ,\ 201 ICOO Rescue ...... 14
-200 MacNamara .21 300 North Star 50
,60 Mont Ton . . 901 100 North Star. . . 31
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
July- 24—4 p. ,m.
Bid. Ask. Bu Ask
Alpha ...V... .03 06 Julia ©3 .,,4
Alta ......:.. 05 0« Justice -. ....... 14 '15
Andes .....".. 08 00 Ken tuck 03 ru
Belcher ..... 4L ~ 43 Mexican... M 20 1 25
Best A Belch. 1 85 2 10 Occidental ... 33 34
Bullion «« 05 Ophlr ....;..l 60 1 65
Caledonia ....1 40 1 15 Overman ..... 27 -28
Challenge ... 47 49 PotosP.-.r. '...-" 21 23
Chollar ...... 20 22 Savage 16 . 17
Confldeme ...1 2» 1 .» hcorplon. 04 05
Con Cal-& V.I 55 1 M) Seg.Belcher. . OS 09
Con' Imperial, 03 04 Sierra Nev... 69 60
Con NY.... 1« -in Silver Hill...- go 85
Crown Point.. 21 22 St Louis 18 20
Eureka Con.. — - 45 syndicate "... — * ;o»
Exchequur ... — * 01 Union Con... Ss 00
Gould & Cur. , 41 i 42 Utah 35 36
Hale ANorc. 50 B5 Tel Jacket.... 72 71
Lady Wtsh V. 0»<; '
.TONOPAH MlNfiS. .
Bld.Ask. j ¦}¦ Bid. Ask.'
Colehan ..'...: 15 IS Rescue ; 14 - ic
Ksperanza ... 05 O! Ton Bclmottt.l 85 2 00
Gipsy ' Queen.. 2tt 30 Ton <fe Cal... 37 "60
¦ Gold -Mt Con. 10 -H Ton Fraction. — 100
Lucky^Tom.: — lOiTon A Gt W. — 10
MacNamara . 23 ¦ — Ton Of NeT.. — 8 CO
Mizpah Ex.. — 45 Ton N Star.. 4d 61
Mont Ton.:.. 98 09 Ton Midway.. — "50
NY, Ton ....-• — '>. 25 Ton Union. ... — 85
¦ Paymaster .". — 20 Utopia — 55
¦»a*oron..-8o ..-rl'- ' ¦ • J
WASHINGTON, July; 24— Within Jhe
past few. weeks the: strength oCthe Jap
anese; and Russian navies ' in -Chinese
waters * has c undergone slig-ht change.
Japan is I still superior to \ Russia. | Here
are the latest" figures of the flghtinp pow
er; of ; two;, nations confronting
each other inMlinchuria:
Russia— Battleships, 6; armored •, cruis
ers,'4;-cruisers. .11; gunboats, 8; destroy
ers,, 12; dispatch". vessels, 2. :
' Japan— Battleships,' 8;" armored ; cruis
ers, Ci^crulsers, 11; gunboats, 25; destroy
ers,' 16; dispatch .vessels,' 4,
. Russia 7 . at i- last, reports.. was sending,- a
large 'number of 'destroyers to the scene
of contention^ and Japan Is said to be ac
tively hunting; for , ships In private yards.
Her Ships - in' Asiatic' Wafers Out
: • number Those of Russia. • "
JAPAN'S SUPERIOR STRENGTH.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
VALLEJO. July 24. — The work proposed. by
the Navy Department on the cruiser New York.
now flagship of the Pacific squadron, consist!
In the removal of her broadside elght-lncb guns,
twelve four-Inch guns and eight . slx-pounder
guns and replacing them with ten flve-lnch,
eight three-Inch fifty-caliber guns and four
three-pounders. 'The changes in the battery
will necessitate a complete rearrangement of
the magazines for increased stowage.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived July 24— Schr John F
Miller, from Ventura.
Sailed July 24— 8tmr G C Llndauer and brig
Lurllne. for San Francisco; schr Comet, for
Santa Barbara. *,*-V'*^
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 24— Schr
Mlndora, hence July 8.
' PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 24— Bark
Sea King, for Australia.
-OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 24— Stmr Bovlc.
from New York: stmr Germanic, from .New
York; stmr Hibernian, from Montreal, via Syd
ney, C B. •
QUEENSTOWN-«-Salled July 24— Stmr New
England, for Boston. -
r SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed July 24 — Stmr
Moltke, for New York.' via Cherbourg.
.^RECEIVES FRACTURED SKL'LI*— <Jus
Siebrecht, "who resides wltft his brother and
slste^ at 72 TUden avenue, was thrown from
a cart aV Market and Thirteenth streets-yes
terday afternoon and sustained a fracture of
the . skull, which may prove fatal.. He was
removed to the Central Emergency Hospital
and ; subsequently was taken to the German
Hospital, where he now lies In a precarious
condition. . Siebrecht formerly conducted a
bakery at Leavenworth and- Ellis streets.'
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
" -. ,. ' . ": I r Second Feet.
DATE. 1 •
1902. j 1993. S
July 12 6,."M0 ,* 5.6W>
July 1.1 .r...... t.MO ' 5.6TO -
Jnly 14 .: • ' «.X4O' 5.««0
July 15 .,......• 8.390 5.86O
Julyltf.: ».S»0 8.««0 '
July 17 . 8.10O 5.440
July IS 8.1CO 5.4t(T
P TUOLUMNE BIVER .AT LA GRAN.OE. *.
Second Feet.
' . DATE. ' 1 ~
1902. | ;i»l».
July 12 l,0«n C50
July 13 l,€fiO 560
July 14 950 I 5«0
July 15 S5f» " 4*0
July 16 950 410
July 17 S50. 410.
July IS >.....! 650 330 .
KINGS TUVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
i DATE.. . 1
1902. J 1903.
July 12 1.834 ( V738
July 13 1.642 1.834
Jnly 14 ..... v .r 1.548 1.734
July 15 1.450 1.842
July 16 ; 1.330, l.M«^
July 17 1.S10, / 1.54« .
July 13 1.240 1.450
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILI/fc.
•, "~~- Second Faet.
, DATE. 1 H
1902. j 1903.
July 13 45 44
Jnly IS-.'. - 39 41-,
July 14 39 39 '
July 15 34 37
July 16 30 35
July 17 30 34
July IS 30 32
NEW YORK, July 24.— Word was received
here to-day that General J. H. Hobart Ward,
a special-term clerk- of the Supreme Court, hai
been killed by bemg run over by an Erie Rail
road train In Monroe Connty. He was a vet
eran of the Mexican and Civil wars and was
80 years old. ' - -' • " * -.*t-," »-.-"¦
Same ' owner* with Schanz & Grundy (con.
tractor*),, architect same — Plumbing, eras fit
ting and Bewering for same on same; $1060.^_
Wolf Flelsher- (owner) with J. Olmo (con
tractor), architect Chas. J. Rousseau — Gntdlnfr.
concrete and cement work for a four story and
basement frame apartment- building on W line
of Laguna -Etreet. 87 :« N of Geary, N Mby
W 137:6. WA 231; $1550.
Adolph Brady (owner) with O. A. Craeraer
(contractor)..* architect William Koenlg — All
work fo* a , three-story, and basement frame
building- on- S line of Mission street 60 E of
Fourteenth.'^ 60 by E 25: $6650.
'Edwin 8. and Mary A. Belden (owners) , with
Fred MlllerH«mtractor> architect T. Psiterson
Ross — All work for a two-story, basement , and
attic frame. building (flats) on E line of Gough
street, 137:6 N of Vallejo, N 28:6 by K lO&Ttl;
$7655...,.., \ ¦ '-• ¦¦":¦ ' «¦,-• . i-. ¦
¦ V. Habenlcht (owner) with Carl Pchutt 1 (con.
traetor), architect T .gaterson Ross — Air work
except plumbing- and painting for a two-story
and basement; frame:* building ¦"^ and one-story
summer house "on SW corner of Hyde, .and
Chestnut-streets. 8 34 :2 by W 1W;- $99M ( . -
Builders' Contracts.
Albertlne C. A. or August* Mohlfeldt to
Adam Theysohn.' lot on W line of Julian ave
nue, 125 N of Sixteenth street, N 30 by W 100;
$10. •
Mary Richards to John E. Richards Jr.. lot
on W line of Guerrero street, 195 8 of Eight
eenth. W 100 by S 35; $0.
Bridget Dowling to Honor M. Lysett, lot on
E line of Valencia street. 35 N, of Eighteenth,
N 35 by E 80; gift. .
Emily Seller, (wife James, formerly Em41y
Cad well, formerly Emily Skipper) to Gus
Soher, lot on E line of Noe street, 25 S of
Henry. S.25 by E 85; $10. j :¦¦ -
Same to Philip J. Stolz, lot on E Une'of Noe
street, 50 S of Henry, S 25 by E 85; $10.
SIgmund and Doris S. Lelhkam to Augustus
S. Llllie, lot on N*llne of Twenty-sixth street,
260 E of Noe,' E 20 by N 114; $10.
El Dorado Loan Association to same, lot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 240 E Of Noe,
E 20 by N 114; $10. " ' • \ :
Charles H. and Anna. D. Jackson to Eugene
Dimmer, lot ¦ on S line of Clipper street, 280
W of Noe, W 25 by S 114, quitclaim deed; $10.
- Katherine A. -Rivers to Alexander W. and
Nellie', Richardson,' lot .on 8 line of Twenty
eighth street, 105 W or Castro, W 25 by S 114;
$io. ¦ --.. - ¦ ..-•¦.-.
Prudence 'Building and Loan Association- to
William Wieger, lot on 8 line of Twenty-third
street, 100 E.of Douglass. E 25 by S 89; $2400.
James M. and Rachel Ellis to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $5. ' - .... .
- G. H. Mangels to' William GIselman (trustee
C. F. . D. Hastings), lot on W-llne of Davis
street,*24 8 of. Oregon, 8 12 by .W 75, quitclaim
deed; $10. - . - •' ,
William Giselman (trustee C. F, D. Hastings)
to Louis Lercarl. same; $10.
' Gulseppt and Valentine Vlschl to Antonio Ca
lk-e. lot en 8E corner of Gerke alley and . Du
pont street. 8 25 by E 62; $10.;
¦ Paul and .'Anna Barbteri to Christen Nelsen.
lot on 8 line of Sacramento street, 81:6 W of
Leavenworth, W 31 by S 60; $10.
Sebastian .and X>oretta Gramllch to Leopold
Vlllegia, lot on NW line of Folsom street, 250
J»E of Ninth. NE 25 by NW DO; $10.
- Mary T. Lyon to Edward and Agne»*<Sinley.
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 175 S of Clement
street. S 25 by E 120; $«00.
J. Frank and Maria Walters to William W.
Naughton. lot on W line of Thirty-eighth ave
nue. 415 N'Of Cliff.' N 60 by W'120; $10:
I John and Annie Walton to Michael H. and
Mary J. Crtvstwaite. lot on N line of A street.
57:6.W of Sixth avenue.-W 80 by N 100; $10. «
' Union 'Trust Company to Maria J.^Earle, lot
en NW corner of Tenth avenue and O street, N
25 By W 107:6; $10. .
. William' B.-. Brooks- and as trustees .under
deed of ¦ Kate ,L. and Benjamin H. Brooks to
George H," Winterburn, *& of lot on BW corner
Forty-eighth avenue and 8 street, S 200, W
7:«. N 203. E 17:6; $10. . .- J ---' >
¦ Marten B. . Joost and Harry G. and Adam M.
Dahler to Anna Joost, lot on W line of Corbett
etreet. 334:5% S of Diamond alley, SW 40:11V4
NW1>9;-NB 52:9%. SE 109:3. lot 12. block 23,
Market-street Homestead; $10.- ; ' ¦. "..
• Anna Joost H toCharlea L. and Genoveve Ca
lame,'lot on W. line of Corbett street. 334:5%
S of Diamond alley and 49:11% SW from SE
corner of lot 8,- NW 109:3. SW 25:6. SE to
point 25 from beginning, NE 25, lot 12, block
23, same: $10. !
Mary .F. . McLaughlln to Joseph B. Coryell,
lots 2HRS and 2289. gift map 4: $10. - -
-- Frank and Annie E. Howard I to same tots
22«7 to 2269 and 2200 to 2292. same; $10.
Herman • and ¦ Clara Klepen to Bernhani and
LUzie Schneider, lot on 8 line of Lobo« street
525 E Of Plymouth. E 50 by S 125. lots 6 and
7. block N, Railroad Homestead Association 2:
$10. , . .
Albert C. Alken to Walter H. Robinson and
Emily H. ' Moore, lot on S corner of Bacon and
Gerard streets. SE 200 by SW 120, lots 1 and 2
block 11. University Mound: $15. • '
Bernhard and Rose Gets to Charles Colson.
let. on SE line of Madrid street, 250 NE of
Persia, NE 25 by SE 100. block 37, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. I . .
Francisco Garcia to Frank F. Garcia, lot On
N line of California street, 81:10 E of Devlsa
dero, E 30 by N 100; $10. - - ' "
Albert WV Levy to Agnes Levy, lot on 8
lino of Page street, 143:9 W of Central avenue, 1
W. 25 by a 137:6: gift. ': . -
v. Michael C. and. Elizabeth J. Haley to F. B.
Surrhyne, lot on 8 line of Sacramento street,
87:6 W of Locust, W 25 by 107:7%; $10.
Emma J.' Richards to David and Cella
ITecker, lot on W line og Woodward avenue
(Jessie),. 121, N of Fourteenth street. N 24 by
W 65: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
F. and- John P. Roche, lot on S line of.'Page
street, 55 : E of Octavla, 4 E 27:6 by 8 120;
; Jane . I. -.Waterman to Albert F.—Mlchaells
and (Annie M. Tracey (wife Herbert), lot on
N lines, of. Filbert street, 13T:6 W of Laguna.
W 27:6 by N 137:8; $10.
Frank 'i'eichmann to Elizabeth A.' Telchi
mann, undivided one-half interest in lot on
N UneorClfty Street, 148:6 E of Webster,. E
27:2 by N 127 :8V4; gift.- -- '
Philip and Bertha Anspacher to Clarence
Grange, lot on S line of Broadway, 177:ft TV of
Fitlmore. W 50 by S 137:6; $10. ¦' •
Henrietta Franklin to Harry E. Corbett, lot
on H line of O'Farrell street, 109:9% E of
Steiner, E 27:6 by N 120; $10.. .-». ,.'¦¦
Hlbernla'Bavlngs and Loan Society. to David
Murphy, - lot on S line of Greenwich • street,
137:tSW of. Pierce, "W 34:4^4 by 8 137:8; $875.
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Fishing has been better at Lake Tahoe
this year^ than for,- some time. Judge
Sloss caught a 10-pound trout with rod
and line. G. X. Wendlmsr took twenty
five trout from the lake in two days. 'j.~e
largest weighed eight pounds. William
Kent of Chicago caught two trout, each
weighing ten pounds, one seven-pounder
and one flve-pounder. A market fisher
man cauRht.two 16-pound trout In one
day. -¦ >-V:£- ; ¦ • '
; ". Colonel C: G. Young Is oa trie Truckee
at .present. He reports It should be at
Its best about August • \. The principal
fishing Is dona after 4 p. m. -Up to this
time the' fish stay In the middle "of the
stream. They .then come In for the bugs
which 1 drop from the bushes at 'the river
std*. The first four miles • of the stream
from where it leaves the lake Is reported
go6d. " ' • . .
Jeff Wells, the Leaf brothers and the
Batchell brothers are still on the Truckee.
Colonel Kelihor and Dr. Levison are at
La Moine. on the Sacramento — ver.
Frank Maskey roes to His lodge on Eel
River next week. The steelheads are be
ginning to run. There are many young
steelheads at Point Arena on the Garcia
but they are small, the average being
seven inches.
V J. A. Parlser and-J.J.' Bliss fisheUclast
Saturday, and Sunday at Capitola. They
secured fourteen • salmon, - the largest
weighing thirteen pounds. ( . Charles Miller
spent four days there. He caught "thirty,
thelargest weighing thirty-three pounds.
•' Dr.'Tl A. Vosre; an* ,Hn." A. B. Vogel
of San Francisco and Judge t>. F. Curler
of Reno. ' Nevada t caught - fifty-four sal
mon near Aotos some days since. They
ranged from ten to twenty pounds in
weight. Twentv of the fifty- four, were
landed bv Mrs. Vogel In less than five
hours.
'¦-. J. B. Kennlff, JJave Sachs and Mr.
Ashland leave for the Country Club on
the Truckee a week from to-day. They
will spend a week on the stream.
Trout fishlnc has not . reached its best
mark -up . to* the present tlme'nccordlng
to the practical anglers. It Is noV thought
the'iuo^week'.will show marked Improve
ment.ln the bisr streams. .V-
Beat Its Best Within the
. Neit^Weekl
The " Truckee Biver Is' Expected to
The following tables give a comparative*
statement for two years of the estlmated^Ao^;
of certain California rivers In cubic feet tax'* .
second, or ««cond feet. , one second toot . equal
ing 60 California miner's inches, or about 4ft '
Colorado miner's inches. The' figures for tils
last year may be, revised by later measure
ments. The figures ara by J. B. Llpplncott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TROUT FISHINO IMPROVES
ON M0T7WTAIN STREAMS
IXOW OF RIVERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, SATURDAY; > JUIiY 25;- 1903.
13
Mill Valley^ Advertisements.
' SIILL VALLEViREAL ESTATE. >
TERMS 10 PEbTcENT-CAsIi, ~" "
• BALANCE. $10 MONTHLY. .
Fine large lots right at the station o;j graded <
stree'ts; beautiful trees, charming vwws: no
hills to cllmbj prices very:. low; oniy $S 'to
$li! a front foot; will double In va!ue; r -jdon't
fail to see them;, over. 80 lots sold n>clntly:
money advanced for building purposes/ tend
for illustrated booklet: agent 3n* t:>« 'ground
Sundays. LYON &.HOAG. 116 ¦ Montgomery.'
OAKLAND
OBS1CE, 11 18, BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.' •
$3000 — NEARLY new. modern colonial cottage
" of 6 rooms, high basement, brick founda-
tion,- porcelain bath., sanitary plumbing;
all in fine condition: lot 50x140. (note the
size); streft work all done; stone side-
walks laid; open. lawn: choice residence
location near Grove St.: flne barn,- gravel
driveway, garden and a. few fruit. trees;
mutt be sold; owner away; cannot.be du-
plicated at the price; must be seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment If desired.
. GEORGE W. AU8TIN.
1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg. San Fran-
clsco. tor Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR* SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE following children have been received at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless-
Children/ 1534 MIeMon St.. since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght half orphan,
age 7 years; Martha Slebe. half orphan, age
10 years; Robert Slebe. half orphan.- age, 8
years; Flora Slebe .half orphan age C years.
HARRIET XV. MANNING. Secretary. " '
f SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 In EARS'
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st. ¦
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. noee and
throat. Removed to 428 Edly st.
STUTTERIXG AJf D STAMMERING. .
MELBOURNE System School. 'Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ' ,-i . s ¦
Joseph F." C. Watson, 31. 20B Lafayette
street, and Mary L. Lupton. 30, 20B Lafayette.
Robert Fltssslmmons, 41. Bensonhurst.'N. Y.,
»nd Julia M. Glfford, 23. New York City.
Perry A. Long, 20, 115 Hayes street, and
Agnes M. Cahlll. 20. Newark.
Thomas ' Wllken, 46. Benlcja, and - Josephine
A. Chettleburgh, 47, Benlcia.
Patrick H. Wlnter*on, 21, city, and Margaret
O'Keefe. 21, city. . ' . '
Frederick L. Averlll. 21. Seattle, Wash., and
Callle G. Shartzer. IS. 3719 Twenty-third »st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at eithes of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence, of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
: /"'?X' ' BORN-.
ABRAHAMSON— In Oakland, to the wife of
- Henry Abrahamson. a son.
GRUTZMACHER— In this city. July 16, 1903,
to the wife of W. Grutimacher, a daughter.
KATZENBACH— In East. Oakland, July 22, :
1903, to the wife of Charles Katzenbach, a
daughter.
STIMMEL— In this city, July 20, 1003. to the
wife of Mendel Stlmmel (nee Bernstein), . a
daughter. ' . ' ' . . • - . ' .
MARRIED.
BKUECKER—BLANCHARD — In^ this city,
July 22. 1903. ¦ by the Rev. R. Steinbach.
Charles D. Bruecker and Maud E. Blanchard,
both of San Francisco. f!
FARISH— FORBES — In this city. July 22,
10C3. by th» Rev. Mr. Bradley, rector of St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church, William A.
Farish Jr. of Denver and Nettle K. Forbes
of San Francisco. ; " , ' ' .r V-: .
died. ¦.;--¦ . .
Bagnasco, Pollcarpo Neumann, Henry
Banning. Joseph Nlcholls. Ernest A.
Baun, Catherine . O'Neil. Lizxle
Bostrqm. Mary II. Payne, ; Emm'ctt C.
Carroll. Michael Pierce, Mary . •
Cochran. Conley A. Prince, Charles G.
De Groot, Peter Rudy, Adeline C.
Krvln, Clara L. Sheridan; Thomas
Foute, Rev. R. C. Shortall, ThomAs ,*
Frances, Fanny : Smith, Arthur H.
Gardella, Giuseppe Smith, Isaac P.
Harrington, William Strel. Louise M.* • "-"""
. Klevesahl. Ernst W. Trefts. Edward C.
- Kllnge. Regina . Vukovlch, John G.
Lowry, Russell R.' Walker. Christopher
McCarthy. John / Young, Charles C.
Neleoh, George H. # *'-1"-»V; ¦'•'* ; - L v< ; : -"
BAGNASCO— In this city. July 23, 1003. Poli-
carpo Bagnaseo, dearly beloved husband of'
the late Marie Ursula Bagnasco, a native of
Italy,' aged 77 years 11 months and 13 days.
BANNING— In the City and County Hospital.
July 22, 1903, Joseph Banning, a native of
France, aged 49 years.
BAUN— In this city, July 24, 1J)O3, Catherine,
beloved wife of the^ate Jasper Baun, dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Frances Martin. Fen-
ton and Gregory Courtney and ' Jasper > and
May Baun. sister of Mrs. Margaret Walsh,
and slsier-ln-law of Mrs. M. R. Courtney, a
native of Sklbbereen. County Cork, Ireland,
aged 67 years and 1 month.
(CTFrlendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully 1 invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,, from her, late
residence, 4067 Eighteenth 6treet. near | Cas-
tro, thence to Holy Redeemer Chwreh for
eervices at 1 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. A requiem high ma*s will be cele-
brated Monday, July 27, at Holy Redeemer
Church for the repose of her ' sou 1 at 9
o'clock. Friends are invited. • . -.-.¦.
BOSTROM— In this city, July 22, 1003, Mary
H.; beloved ' wife of Peter Boetrom. and
mother of Mm. Lizzie Janen, Mrs. Bertha
Neleen and Charles Glesler, a. native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 52 years 7 months and
7 days. . (Eureka, Cal.,»papers. please copy.)
(CTFrlends'and aequJTntancea are ret-pect-
.' fully invited to. attend the funeral services
. to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of ..Craig.- Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkin
etreets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CARROLL— In this city, July 24, 1903, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of. the late Susanna
Carroll, and father ot Lyda and Genevleve
, Carroll and Mr*. C. H. La France, a native
/ of Ireland, aged 76 years. .
ICTThe funeral will take place to-m-*row
(Sunday), at .1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 753 Cpl« street. ¦ thence to St. % Agnes
Church for services. Interment private, in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COCHRAN— In this city. July 23. 1903. Conley
Alexander Cochran,' beloved father of Mrs.
L E. Tobtn Of -San Diego, J. A. Cochran of
Bakersneld. Charles A.. and W. W. Cochran
of Los Angeles, Mrs. M. Degener and Robert
E. Cochran of Ean Francisco, a native of
Virginia, aged 74 years.
CTThe • funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Care w & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. .,
DE OROOT— In this city." July 23. 1003, Peter,
beloved husband of Juliana de Groot, grand-
father of Mrs. ' H*rry Zltsch, and great-
grandfather of 'Anna Zltsch, a native of Hol-
land, aged 61 years 10 months and 4 days.
(Philadelphia, Pa., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervices
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at bia late
residence. 297 Pennsylvania avenue, corner
¦ Eighteenth itreet. . Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
ERVIN— In this City. July 23. 1903, -Clara
Louise (Lulu), . dearly, beloved' daughter of
Daniel W. and Alice Ervin, and beloved -sla-
ter of Alice, Anita and Clarence Ervin, a
native of San Francisco,- aged: 19 yeara 2
months and 20 dayp. ' ' /. '. . . > . .'
(OTFrJends and acquaintance* are respect*
fully Invited: to attend Uie funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the rest-
" dence of her parents, 472 Fourteenth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high ma*s will be celebrated for tha
' repose cf her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
• Interment' Holy. Cross Cemetery. • •
OFFICERS and members of . Yosemite Parlbr
No. S3, N. D. G.; W. — You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our- late sister, Lulu
Ervln, to-day (Saturday), at 8:30 O'clock,
from her. late residence, 472 Fourteenth
street. • MAMIE CONN, President. '
f £USIE-K.. CHRIST. Rec. Sec. ;.. v,.:^
FOUTE— In this city. July 23. 1903., the Rev
' Robert Chester ' Foute. - rector, of, Grace
Church, and , president of the standing com-
mittee of the dlot-ese Of California..
¦'..'.- (CTFuneral fronvGrace . Church t Saturday,'
{ , .y. N EABEST TH EXITV • : - -r^j
| OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST. jj
I' fc James McGinn. >* v»- - ¦ Henry' Hansen. g
, JAMES MCGINN & CO.. „ . I
. Formerly With McGinn Bros., S'.. I
——Funeral Directors ana " nmbalmers I
.214 Eddy. st.;. Tel. South 67B. . - I
OCEAN" TBAVEL.
• c75*v Steamers leave San Fran-
/»>J^ — *C^\. eisco ¦ as follows: <
-A^cl _ XiA • For Ketchlkan. Juneaa.
itf/ VwWfe Y*\ Ekagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
I I VB3Sa I 1 m - JuI - v 25 - so - August 4.
I \ Wwrfpit,' / Chans* to company's steam-
\*k \\ -j/fii "«r» •* Seattle. • <..
VSlN<_^^y For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, T«-
*¦ "^ coma, Everett. Whatcom— 1>1
a. m. July 25. 30, August 4. Change at S«attl#v
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma, to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hiimboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. July 27. August 2; Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
July 24.' 30. Augost 5. N •
For Los' Angeles fvla Port Los Angeles and
Redondo),- San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
Stata of California, Thursdays. » «. m.
For ' Los - Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfora
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooa Bay. 0 a. m.. July 24. August 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Tiay, 8an Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ro-
saJla. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of eacH
month.", •-¦¦;' • '
For further Information obtain folder. ¦
Right Is reserved to change steamersor saj»-
"^TXCXXT OTPICES — 4 New M*»tgora~
ery «tre«t (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 "•'arket street.
C. D. DTJNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O- R. & iV. # COJ^^
"Columbia" sails Aug. l.'ll. 51^31. "Qeorg*
W. Elder" sails July 27. Aug. \ --. 25.; Only
steamship lln« to PORTLAND. OR., and sh«rt
rail line from Portland to all points : East.
.Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear it. tt n a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st.: C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. XJ*pt.. 3 Montgom-
ery st. . ' .-»'.'-" •' '.
AMERICAN LINE.
XEW TOHK -SOUTHAMPTON- LONDON.
New Tor.Aur 5, 10" am! St. LouU.Aug. I9.10am
Pblla.Aug. 12. 10 am J New Tor. Aug 28. 10 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT UME.
NEW YORK— LONDON DIRECT.
Mln'tnka.July 25, 6 am'Mln'ha.Aug. 8. 5:30 ant .
Minn. Aug. 1. 11:30 am (Mesaba. Aug. 15. S am
Only Flrst-class Passengers Carded.
DOMINION LINE.
BOSTON— O.UEENSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
Commonwealth. July 20 (Commonwealth. Aujr. 27
New England.. Aug. « New England. .Sept 3
Mayflower ....Aug. lSlMayflawer^ Sept. IO
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea. passage.
Kensington .. July 25{Southwark ....Aug. 9
Dominion Aug. 1 'Canada Aug. 13 '
/ Boston Mediterranean wrect
AZOftES-GIBRALTAn-NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman... Sat.. Aug. 8 Sept.. 17. Oct 3t
i Vancouver ?#t.. Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LIK£. t
NEW YORK— BOTTEBDAM. VIA BOLLOGXB.
Sailing -Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam ....July 2t) Statendam Aug. 12
Potsdam Aug SlRyndam Ang. It
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Vadr'ld.July 25. 10 amlZeeland.A'ug. "». 10 am
'Krnland.Aug. 1. 10 sun Finland. Aug. 13. 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
, NEW YOBK— QCEENSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Celtic-July 24. 5 pmi Armenian. Aug. 4, 8 am
Oceanic. July 29,0:30am [Teutonic. Au<. 5, nooa
Cymric. July 31. 11 am (Arabic. Aug. 7. 8 prn
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast,
21 Pest st.. San Francisco. • •
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
8teamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets.: at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe. (Hiogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongklng with steamers for India, etc. No.
earKO received on board on day of sailing.
E> S NIPPON MARU Friday. July 3L 1908
S. S. AMERICA MARU. ¦
Wednesday. August 26. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARC (calling at Ma- -
nlla) Saturday. September 18. 100?
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, applz at Com-
pany's offlce, 421 Market street, corner Firtt.
-•-..- W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
ffamburg-Stmericani
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURO
Twia-Scrtv Czpnst tad Puuogt r Sirvln. .
Bluecher >. July 23 fPalatla Aug. 15
Pretoria ..Aug. llBIuecher .......Aug. 20
Moltke Aug. 6. Pennsylvania. ".Aug. 23 ¦
Waldersee ¦:::.. Aug. 8 A. Victoria.. ..Aug. 27
HAXBUB8-AXSRICAM LI5X. 37 B'vsv, S. T.
HERZOG A CO.'. 401 California St.. Gen. Agtau
OceanlcS.S.Co. '," n sws'
B S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. July Io. 11A.M.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Auk. «. 2 P. M.
8 S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Ausust 15.11 A.M.
iijfi£«Ei!»Hn.ci..iaa..rjctai3iiiM,643iamta
Fratfst 3ffiei.3M KirW IL.Par It. 7. tu^ tL
COMPAG.TIB GKJf EEALB TRAIf S4TLA5TIQU3 .
BIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -iOtfg*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «aBS^»*
North River, foot Of Morton street.
Flrst-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and -upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by -all Railroad Ticket •Ag»nts. .
Mars -Island and [ Vallejo St— wr».
" Steamer GEN. FRISBIE Or MONTICELLO—
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
?unday. 9:45 a. m., 8:3O p. m. Leaves Vallejo. .
a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday, sun-
. day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m.» Fare. 50 cents. Tel.'
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-it, dock. HATCH
BROS..
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
rr.RSO!tALV-Cnntlnnfd.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7~&0; dress pants $2 5u.
Mltfit Clctt-.tng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
H-hHRFLCOUS hair ar.d rr.oles removed by
*i«cti-ic r.e<*ile. Dr.&Mr».Traver*e.UTOMarket.
HAfrviUERADE cwtumw, play books, wigs.
<-cuntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
aU'HEDUM'S KsYpilan Henna restore* gr»y
ha'r to Its nature! color: $1: at a.11 druggist.
t-uperfiuau* hair & mo>s removed with e>c-
tnc n>-e<lie. Mrs. A Mi5» Eaton. Ill* fcutter.
VAmCOSE vein* and catarrh rfcred at home. J
O»H or write fcr testimonial.*. Dr. W IL.L-
lAVS rn.. HO O*»rv »-t . S. F j
PAL-'ltST^V. . '
ItEVjTs. »-icntiflc palmist and astrolo-
pim. offlr*. £6 luivs w^jj.. us Po« st;: *i
l-alrri -rc-sdln* a specialty; eppn Tu'-s^ay eve.
PAPEitatxcnG. pa i:\Ti.\G. htc
;:<>C1IS papered. »:; 00 up: tinting, yalr.tins
.' )isrtrr«rn Pslnt Co.. 3i'-> .'id >t.: tel. M«iT» 4H j
PHYSICIAXS AXU «IH»;EOXS. j
VTi. C cT"6'DONNELL-^6:flce sn.l residence.
_ lCa^ Market st.. bet. Sixth tad ewtBth.-w
REMOVED— DR. \V0NG~h7m. lerb doctor:
treats all fiisea^es cf t!ie human tody; for
r*« four years at 115-U" Mason: now lo-
<»ted «t 6C7 O«?ary st . near Le»venwortli.
DR. TONQ PO CUT ruccessor to Dr. H P»
Tsi. terb decter; cures «li di**a**sof human
by use of herbs ana tfs». 727 TH>hlngton st.
BLOOD ekin end rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1037 H Market st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor— All dl»-
*a,*e« etired* by Chir«-y« herbs. «46-« Cay st.
PROPKnTYJtVAXTEP.
HOCPE~wTuri8rg* in. n"t over $1000; north
cf Market «=t ' not too far out: others from
$2000 cr vy. M'.'SSMAN. 650 Market tt.
ROOMS FOR UOJL'SEKKpPWC.^
AT Mayflowir; cut r*tes cow for summer." SOS
3d et. ; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
ELEVENTH. Wfl — Two sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
FELL C2S — BnUST front con. suite, furn. for
housekpK: $It>; hath, gas range; adults.
GOLDEN GATE ave. 1004B— Two eunny con-
necting housekeeping rooms with water.
GOCGH. 70G — 1 or 3 unfurn. hskr>ng rooms:
sunny "corner; quirt: adults; call 1 to 3.
HERBERT <The) — Bunny apartments for
bocsekeepicg; gas ranges; Just cewly fur-
cithed. 1&30 Polk rt.
JEt-SIE. 533 — 2 eeparmte sunny front rooms,
furclshed housekeeping; $10. $12 each; gas
range* : sunny, clean bedroom, $6.
MISSION 061, rear Second — 2 eunny furnished
rooms for housektrplng; also sunny back
room, use of kitchen.
MISSION. 1P17 — Large furnished sur.ny suite
housekeeping ; ess range: other rooms.
OAK 117 — Extra, sunny furnished suite; sink.
pas rar.pe. hot hath, laundry; adults; $12.
STOCKTON. 12<JtV— Model house, r.ewly fur-
nished; froct housekeeping rooms; phone.
KUf. bath.
THIRD. 415A— Pleasant, sunny front room and
kitchen ; gai stove; reasonable.
VALENCIA. 187— Three large, sunny room*,
furnished complete for housekeeping; eeparat*
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no email children ; rent $22 50.
CLASSIFIED «4vcnisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Flltmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions tas been established at 10S»«
Valencia rt.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Infurn.
A. A.— Ctty P.ocm P.estlng Agency,
- 1104 Market it. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rocz-s 3 and 4. Fhon* Jessie 4471.
FREE FRES
W« locate ycu free of charg*
in P.ooms wiih or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms cr Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAXD — EUROPEAN
I LAN 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 2&0 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERT
noOM: RATES 75c A DAY CP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— BRUNSWICK Hcuse. 14S Sixth— Rooms
2&c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open &.U night.
AT •Tbe Almonte." £73 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 60 night;
SI f>0 tc $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3, 4 snd 5 room apart-
aerts for hkpir. ; etrictly mod. :-elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished rocrn for 1 or 2 r?nts;
bxth: running water; references. &S9 Post st.
hL'EKETT. l«iG Market — (old No. 1364) — Fur-
n'.shed rocrns. tu.tes, Etsgie; also furnished.
CLIFFORD. C04 Eill?. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furt-lshed tur.ny rooms: prices reasonable.
.FOLSOM. 15M. near Twelfth— Three un^
furcished rceme. ground floor, rent $12.
CXtAND Southern. 7th ana Mission — Rooms 502
to tl 50 night: $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL Et. Vincent. 541 Oth— New hr.use. new-
ly furnished rooms. $1 week up; aleo suites.
HYDE. 1C2S. corner Catlfornia-^cTean. sunny
roo.-r.; ga.«; suitable for gentleman; $6 50.
MAE'JN. 303H. near OFarrell— Upstairs nicely
turrlshed rooms.
OTAPJJELL, 20— Bunny furglshed rooms and
office*: elevator: elec. lights: day. week. mo.
OFAP.RELL. 671 — Newly furn. sunny rms..
•*atra!; quiet: tel.; b«.thc: moderate.
ROYAL House. 12*5 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading -room emoklng-room and Udles 1 par-
lcr: roo&s per r.ight. 20c to $1 50; week. $2
10 $8; month. tS to $30 : elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TO LET— A newly furnished front bay-window
rccia in new modern Cat with use of bath;
18 tr.!nute* from Third and Market sts. : north
*1fle cf Market: handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
H'RK. iltS. Reg'.Es.— Beautiful sacny suites A
tingle; latest lmpts; lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Ed<*y et.. near Market
--400 s!ng;« and family rooms; 25c to $1
nirht: $1 .5 to $<j week; elevator electric
ILghti; reacing-room; free bus and bajrgace.
"AN NESS ave.. SIS— P^novated; handsom*
tunny furclthed suites front rms; mod. conv.
'tVINCHEETER Hotel. 44 Zi tt.. near Market
Most convenient and respectable- 700 rooms:
25c to tl 50 night; f2 to $8 week- elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch effle*. 2200 Fillmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(UbscripUocs bas been established at 1C96 Va-
lencla «t. '
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD at a cozy, rrtttlly situated ranch clo<e
to city, perfect climate; no children; being
hlzh and dry: specially adapted for those suf-
fering from rb»-uma.ti?m or lung trouble. Ad-
dress box 84, Sunol, Alameda County.
]*MOT. THE »01 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly Crtt -class family hotel; sunny rocmi,
tuite or sincle; billiards: stead heat.
VAN NESS. 1714 — Select private bcardlng-
hcuse; rooms tingle or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences cf home. 1
OLD Ste\-e/ison Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California, st. — Attractive in-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard -room.
OCTAVIA, 60«, between II a ye* and JtcAUlster
—Itornns. $5 up; board $3 50 per week.
TAELE board In family hotel; xery cheap. C
P. H. bcx 1S30. Call.
THE JOHNSON. COS O'Farrell st.— Sunny
suites and dhgte rocmi. with board: refs.
•CLASSIFIED advertlsemepts and subsrTlpt'.oni
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fill.-nore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 1096
Valencia »t -
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
Bou&ehcld goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard rt.. near Third; r>h° n e Grant 16L
PlERCE-nODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Pest and Pom-ell sts. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 67L
CONKLIJC'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
<lge. 233 Golijea Gate sive.: phone East 12*.
COLDER West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
psr.y. 2320 Fillaore et.: phone Jackson SSL
EEKJNS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: UL Main 1S40. Fhipplnr at cut rates.
8EW»G MACHINES AXD SUPPLIER
$16 SO dmp-heaa oak. Kuaranteed: second - hand.
Io to $15; some nearly new; 60 days* exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange. 033; Mkt.
tt.. bet. Cth and Cth; phone South 433; «leva-
tor; brmnch. 2S5 Geary tt.: Uhone Main 750.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE^W'RrTERS^W*'
?ell better machines for le*s money than any
houre in the city; rentals $.1 The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California: telephone Main 2€«.
A FEW good typewriters at $S0 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
s;cmery rt. >
ID-HAND typewriters sold rented repaired, j
Webster Typewriter lasped Co.. 2« Eansom*. »
REXL^ESTATE CITY FORSALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO."" C3S Market et.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. „_
TUESDAY July 2S, 1903
At our salesrOLms. i;:i> Market St..
at 12 o'clock noon. _
FILTON 8TPEBT BUSINESS PROPERTY,
e line of Fulton st. 84 feet W ot Puchanan
«., Nos.- 717. 719. 721, 723. 725. 727. Improve-
ments consist of 2 stores and 4 new fijt»,
renting for 4$S 50 per month. Lot 27:6xS7:4.
Mortgage of $C000 can renjaln. This a most
excellent opportunity for afsafe investment.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
N line of Pine st. 112:6 feet W of Taylor
ft. No. 102a Lot 25x75.. Improvements con-
sist of an excellent 2-story house. 10 rooms
and porcelain bath, open nfodern plumbing.
This property is boi'nd to double lr * value
within 5 years.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING' LOT.
W line of Fillmote st. 40 feet S Of Chestnut
ft. 2 fine lots 25xS0 each. Excellent location
for flats.
MISSION FLATS. "il,!' >
W line of San Jose ave. 125 feet north .of
Twenty-fourth et. Nos. 118. 118A-B-C. rent-
Ing for $52 a month. 4 flats in excellent con-
dition. Very large lot 37:6x75. J30CO mort-
gage can remain.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
N line of Day «. 130 feet W of Crurcn St.,
fine level lot ready for building. '^5x114.
• I . NOE-STREET COTTAGE.
E line of Noe tt. 85 feet N of Twentieth et..
No. €57: extra size lot 2S:6xl05. This piece
of property will be sacrificed.
RICHMOND FLATS. •'".''
W line of Wood st 125 feet B or Point Lo-
bos ave.. Nos 135 135A. 2 absolutely new
flats 5 and 6 rooms arid bath. Always rented.
Tht? Is a very pretty portion of the Richmond
district: must be seen to be appreciated, -s
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
W line of Leavenworth st. 112 feet N of
Jackson st.. large lot 32:6xltf2:6. including
right of way to alley running 73:10% W ot
Leavenworth tt. through to Jackson st. ¦ Im-
provement* consist of 2 buildings used for
laundry purposes, renting for $31 50 a month.
POTRERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
E line of Florida st. 125 feet S of Eighteenth
ft.; large parcel of ground 108 feet frontage
by 100 feet depth. Old •Improvements, renting
for $12 75 a month. This is a most deslratle
site for manufacturing purposes.
EUREKA-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
W line of Eureka et. 248 feet S tf Seven-
teenth st. Extrfemely large lot 49x120 feet.
Property all sewered and street .work done.
This property could be improved with flats
which would bring in a handsome revenue.
For further particular* and catalogue see
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
THOMAB MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
INVESTMENTS IN NEW FLATS.*
I
$20,000— Rents $155 a month; 25x127 2-3: Jack-
son St.. in best residence locality; 3 new
flat* first class in every respect; key lot.
with unexcelled southern and western
exposure; all Urge, light and sunny
rooms; 8 rooms and bath; everything
complete.
$16,000— RentF $150: Sacramento St., north
side, 25x127 2-3i 3 flrst-class flats, Just
finished and not yet entirely rented; each
finely finished, with flrst-class mantels.
pas fixtures snd all latest and modern
conveniences; 7 rooms and bath In each;
street work and sidewalk all done; cars
passing; first-class residence locality.
$16,000— Rents $120; Fell st; will always stay
rented as It is in good renting locality;
41x120; 4 flats and 2 two-story houses;
• etreet work all done.
$15,000— Rents «106; Fell st.: lot 41x120 to rear
street: 4/flats and one two-story hous*
$14.000— Beuna VI#ta ave.; 2 new flats, upper
- . one having 9 rooms snd bath and social
hall, particularly well built «nd ar-
ranged to suit owner: has a flne view;
would bring $65 or $70 a month rent:
lower flat of 6 rooms and tath rented
for $35. \
$13,500— Rents $112 60; Buchanan St.. near
Sutter; 3 new flats, always rented; mod-
ern and complete in every respect.
$12,500— Rents $102 50; Sacramento st.: 3 well-
built flat* in good renting locality; cars
passing; 6 and 7 rooms and bath.
$9.750— Rents $T2 50; Baker et.; lu good por-
tion: two new flats. 9 rooms and bath
each; e\ - erything modern and complete;
a splendid Investment.
$6.750— Rente $55; Webster St.; 25x100; 2 flats,
only two years' old; very finely finished;
cars close by.
THOMAS MAGEE «: SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
I1S00 PAYMENT on 2 new flats on Mission
st.. rr. 30th : will pay 22 pr ct: rents $45 mo.
$1500 payment on 2 new flats on Army st..
nr. Mission: will pay 20 pr ct; rect* $3S mo.
D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission st. Open Sunday.
HOTEL and lot; 40 rooms; restaurant, bar and
billiard rooms; part cash. MOSSMAN. 850
Market st. ' ' -
LOT on Third st.; 2 small buildings; $15,000.
MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
- PANT. 511-512 Callagban building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house: email cash
payment: $8 per month pays principal and
interest on each $1000 of balance due.
"WHOLE block of houfes Just started near the
Park en Carl. CoIe.Ehrader A Parnassus ave.:
plans, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE A CO.. 137 Cart it.
NEW houses and fiats on Second ave. and C
. ft. for eale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to salt you: open. .
FCR sale — House S rms. ; high basement; sunny
side ltfth bet Valencia, & Mission; no re*a.
ofTer refused. Stephens & Co.. 221 Powell.
JI700— For quick sale; new shingle cottage;
cor.. 26:8x96. 5553 California, nr. 17th ave.
6-ROOM house on Twenty-first near Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder. . ¦' "
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Ctates or Canada one year for $1,
postage t»ld. * " _2__ £____
REAL ESTATE — Coantry — For fl»*g'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vinerartU; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue rent free? CM. WQOSTER CO.. 648
M»rVet «t-
SUBURBAN REAL. ESTATE.
MAPS and information of San Rafael, . Ross
Mill valleys and Marln County of CRO-
- KER & CO.. real estate agents. 137 Mont-
pomery st. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Furrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14C1. 1500 Park et... Alameda.
ALAMBDA HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.'
$12— SUITE of rooms; board if desired. Box
4P2O. Call office. .
BERKELET ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS and residence corner for sale la
Alameda: the NE. corner, of Central ave.
and Slxtn st*. 54 feet on Central ave. by
123 feet on Sixth sC. containing cottage/ of
6 room*, bath, patent closets, etc, Jon
Sixth «t-; also store building on corner with
living rooms; now doing a fair business; -8.
P. narrow gauge station opposite; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply or address
II C. BALLHEIMER. 601 Central ave., Ala-
xseda. on premises.
$2:«iO— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
hUrh basement; large lot: lovely lawn; ¦half-
block from cars; $300 cash, balance $20 per
month.
W. C. MO RAN, Lorin Station.
' Or C. C. Emslie. Ashby Station. •
$l»x>— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
high basement; nice lot; close to cars;, $100
rath, balance $15 per month. W. C MO-
RAN. Lorin station. C. C. EMELIE. Ashby.
BARGAIN— Well-built 10-room house; murt be
sold; owner leaving. 2433 Warring, st. . .
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in that
fntted States or Canada one year for $1.
FRUIYVALRADYERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL . ESTATE.
FOR sale — Cheap on account of going East this
fall; $S50; $350 cash, balance can remain on
mortgage; small house, stable- and chicken
houses: lot 100x150: Fitchburg, on Snell ave/
Take the Hay wards car ' or address to F.
BRANDT. .Elmhurst. Alameda Co.. Cal.
WATER front lots, near S. P. Co. terminal,
oil pipe line, etc.: ?5 monthly; map free; few
*naps. one at $150. In Santa Fe. A. W.
BELL. 417 Parrott bid., 659 Market Et.. S.F.
VUKO VICH— In ; this . city. July. 23, 1903. . John
G., -beloved 'husband of.. Lyda J.^Vukovlch
(nee Collins). - father of- Angeltne Vukovicn,
and brother, of Nikola, Mtta. Dusan * and
Milan . Vukovlch. Mrs. LJubo Mllojlvlch. and
;. Peter *S. Setencich. a.', native of Dubrovnlk.
. Dalmatla. . aged .32 years.; A member? or
Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. Society: Sla-
. V vonie - Illric ! M. 1 and B. 8oclety. • and Sea.
!-"Rock Court No ;45, Foresters of America.
. 'CTFrlenda, and acquaintances. are Respect-
fully invited to attendthe funeral" to-morrow
'(Sunday), iat 1 o'clock, from- his late resi-
'." dence,-. 1321 Washington street, » thence .- to
Greek-Russian Cathedral, Powell street. , near
: Filbert,, for services. Interment Servian
Cemetery, by carriage. . '. ..
WALKER— In. this. city/ July: 24, 1903, Chris-
topher Walker, beloved father of Mrs. J.. J.
Smith, a native of Dublin, Ireland, • aged 74
years.'- -* : ' '- \ •-" . ¦ ¦¦" ¦ . r * . .. • i ' .
C^Remaihs at the parlors: of the United
-Undertakers, JStttk-. Mission . street, between
Fourth and Fifth. ,; ,
YOUNG-^In 'this city. July 22. 1903. Charleo
"- Casper/ 1 • dearly v beloved husband of 8arah
. Young, beloved father of Charles Young, and
• brother of George and Peter Young and Mrs.
I Wjlltam Rehker. a native of Hull. England,
aged' 52 years 3 months and 22 days. i : • '
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited" to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his. late
. residence. : 112 Valparaiso . street, b-tween
Taylor and Jones. Filbert and Greenwich.
Interment 'Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦ *•*'
at 2 o'clock. -. Interment private,. Cypress
- Lawn , Cemetery." The clerical members of
the standing committee : and others of the
.clergy who may attend are asked.' to /bring
their vestments and to come to the Sunday-
school room of Grace Church; at 1:30 o'clock.
FRANCES— In Ihls'^clty, - Juljr 24, 1003. Fanny^
Frances, a native of A'lrglnla. ¦ " .: ..-.'^^
OARDELLA— In' this city.' July 24. 1903; /Glu-
• fPt>pe^ Gardella,:.- dearly beloved; husband 1 of
¦ , Jtiana«Ganlella, and beloved, uncle of Frank
Gardella, a native of Italy, aged 60 yeara 11
months and 6 ; days. . _''¦.. ' .. '
C7Friendij and acquaintance* are- respect-
fully . Invited .to (attend -the" funeral Monday,
July 27, 1803,Vat:l>:30 o'clock, from. his late
1 residence, 11.13 ' Lafayette" Dlaeev
Green and ; Union, o l>uj>ont -' and .^Keariiy
streets, thence to Ets. Peter, and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, where a. requiem high mass, will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,"com-
menclng'. at ' 10 o'clock. N. ¦ B. —^The funeral
cortege will start from Bts. Peter and .Paul's
Church at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
• Cemetery. ¦••'-.
HARRINGTON— In this . city, y July "22. 1003.
William, beloved pon of Mary and _ihe late
Daniel Harrlngtdn, and ' hrother of James
and Kosle '. Harrington and Mrs. •'William
'••Ward, a native of San Rafael, Cal; aged 31
' years 11 . months and ' 17 days. ¦ ¦
...E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-:
,' fully 'invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Saturday), at y:30 d'clock. from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. - 123» : Market street, be-
tween ElKhth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo •
\ -seph's -Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. „
KLEVESAHL— In this city. July .' 237 1903,
Ernst William, beloved husband of the late
Pophle'Klevesahl, and father of Emll. Henry.
Minnie. Fred. Julius and Sophia : Klevesahl,
a native of Germany, aged 74 years 5 months
and 14 dayx. A member of Germania Lodge
Nor 1718, K. of H., • and Concordia -Lodge
i N^JgS. .1. O.O. F. ¦ • .
i ' .'CTFrtehds and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to Attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at .12 o'clock, from his late resl-
deace.15 Twenty-eighth Btreet., near Guer-
rero, (and thence_to-the Odd Fellows' Hall,
corner Seventh and Market streets, where
' 'funeral services will be held at 1 o'clock un-
der the auspices of Concordia Lodge No. 122,
' I'.'O." O.' F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery... ' " . ( .
KLINGE— In this city. July 24. 1803, Regina,
beloved wife of the late William Kllnge.
mother of Henry Spellman and the late Mrs.
L. Adler, and sister of Mrs. M. Reuben and
» Mrs. B. Greenewalde of Bavaria and M.
, Hirsch of Sacramento, a native' of BavarU,
aged 74 years 9 months and 11 days. ', .-'
C7"Friends and acquaintances' are ".respect-
fully- Invited to "attend the funeral Sunday,
' Jnly 20, ' 1903, at 2 , o'clock, from her late
residence, 468 Hayes street, . thence, for Jnter-
. men,t : to ¦ Home of Peace Cemetery by car-
riage. -.. ¦ j - . : ¦;••:. ¦
LOWRY— In Napa, July 24, 1903, Russell Rob-
ert, beloved son of John E. and.Phenella M.
Lowry, ' and/ brother of Charles G.. Herbert
G. and Forrest D. Lowry, a native of Santa
Clara, aged 22 years 2 months and . 1 day*.
' (Tuolumne papers please copy.) . . '
CTTs'otlce of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— In this city. July 24.. 1903, John
McCarthy, beloved husband of Mary Mc-
Carthy, and father of Nellie and the late
Mamie McCarthy, "a native of County Cork,
Ireland, and late of Stockton. Cal., aged 65
years:- '
NELSON— In this city, July 23, 1903, George
Horatio, beloved husband, of Mary C. 1 Nel-
S3ii, and father of Jessie R. Nelson, Mrs.
James R. Leavell, Mrs. Albln R. Johnson and
W. -WaJlace Nelson, a native of Nelson, Scot-
land, aged 64 years 3 months and 2$ days.
C7 Frit nds. and acquaintance* are respect-
¦ fully Invited 'to attend the funeral services
Saturday, 'July 25, at 2 o'clock. -at his late
residence, 1»>1!> Thirteenth street, Oakland.
Interment, private.
NEUMANN— In this city. July 23. 1003, Henry
Neumann, beloved brother, of Dora von Sta-
den,' Sophie Rensche and Gretchen Lllken-
dey, a native of Bremervoerde, Germany,
aged 73 years S months and 18 days. .
C7Friends and acquaintances' are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the* funeral to-day
**V- (Saturday), at 1 o'clock," from the funeral
parlors of the H. F." Maass Company.' 917
Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
• Cemetery. ¦
NICHOLLS— In Spokane, Wash.. July 20. 1303.
Ernest A.-. - beloved son of 'Elizabeth J. and
the late William Nlcholls, brother of Wil-
liam J., Edwin, Lizzie and Albert M. Nlch-
: oils, and nephew of Mrs. James Buckett and
William and Thomas Pearce of Virginia City,
Nev.. a native of Virginia' City, Nev.,, aged
' 21 years' and 7 days.
(E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend' the, funeral, to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock,' from the ' family
. residence, 1022 Mission street, thence to the
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market/ for services. Interment LaurerHlll
Cemetery. * . -.
O'NEIL-rrln this , city, July 23. 1903, Lizzie,
beloved wife of the late John O'Nell. mother
of William, John and David O'Nell, and Sis-
ter of Mre.-W. H. Nolan and the late Annie
F.. Lennon and John and David Donahue,/ a
native .'of Boston. Mass., aged 42 years. 11
months and 23 days. • ¦» •• ¦< •. -' ¦
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral Sunday*,
12:45 o'clock, from Uie funeral parlorn of
. Porter & Whfte, 122 Eddy street, thence to
< St. Hose's Church,' Brannan' street, between
Fourth and *Flfth, ,for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ ;* '. . ,' "
PAYNE-r-In the i City and County Hospital.
July 23. 1903,. EmmettC. Payne, a native of
~ Massachusetts, , aged 76 years.
PIERCE— In , this city. July 23, 1903, Mary
•Pierce, dearly beloved wife of Frank Pierce,
beloved ¦ mother of Charles, Frank, Annie,
.Ignatius and Mary daughter of Sarah
A. McLaughlln and the late Cornelius O'Don-
nell. sister of Brother D. F. O'Donnell. 8. J.,
and' John' TV and, James. C. O'Donnell, and
stepsister of Sister Mary Pauli Sister of;
Mercy,' and 'Sadie McLautchlln, a. natlvt of
San Francisco, aged 37 years 3 months and
0 days. ~ . " ,
'C7 Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltt-<1 to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday),- at. '8:30 -O'clock/ from the resi-
dence of her mother, 2740 Folsom street, be-
tween Twenty-third • .and , Twenty-fourth,
thence to St. 'Peter's Church, Alabama street,
near 'where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
tfbul, . commencing .at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery./ ' -
PRINCE — In- Halfmoon Bay. Cal., July 23,
1603, Charles G. Prince, beloved *on of jh*
. late Charles H. Prince, and beloved brother
; of Mr«. B.. J. Horn and Louis I), arid .Fred
M. Prince, a native of- San Francisco.- aged
' 30 years 3 months and 23 days.
Z7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission etreet. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock trafn from Third and Townsend
' streets. -Remains at the parlors of Halsted
& Co. "-¦••' : ¦ ¦ ......
RUDY— In this city, July 24. 1903, Adeline C.
Rudy, dearly beloved wife of Edward Rudy,
beloved daughter, of. James and Lena. Cole-
• man, and niece of. Mrs. -Mary Slater, a na-
tive of San Francisco, I aged 25 years - 4
"months and 23 days. • (Seattle, Wash., -and
Santa Rosa ', papers please copy.) . , . - ¦
cyFrlends'a'nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 27, 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz. Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission : street, betweeir
Etghth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth,, where. a requiem high mass will be
' , celebrated for the repose of her eoul, J com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross
Cemetery. ." ',"' '.'.; ' -* ;- • .; — •; >
SHERIDAN— In this city, July - 23, 5 1903,
Thomas Sheridan, beloved father of Lillian
Sheridan, a native of Liverpool, England,
aged O."> years 11 months and 8 days. A
meniber.of Triumph Lodge No. 180, A." O.
¦ u.-w. . . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ : ..--'¦ ¦ .
ICTThe .'funeral will takei place to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1200 Golden Gate avenue, thence
to 'Holy. Cross Church, Eddy street, near
Sfcott, where a requiem high mass will be
-¦ celebrated for ? the -repose of 'his soul at 11
"o'clock. * Interment Holy Cross - Cemetery.
SHORTALL— In San,' Rafael, July 23, 1903,
Thomas/ beloved husband of Margaret Short-
all, and father of E. P., Mary A., Thomas
J., ..Gertrude, .William L. . and S Angelia R.
Shortalland Mrs. J.-J. Hayden, a native W
•Cashel, County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 62
years ' 8 ; months and 29 days, a member of
Hercules Lodge No. 63, A. O. U. w.
• ¦(nT'Frlends and acquaintances nrt> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral: Sunday,
July 26. at 1 :30 "o'clock, from ¦ the : residence
of. Mrs. J. A. Ledden, 1711" California etreet.
.-. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . > ..-
SMITH— In Alameda, 'July 24,^1903, Arthur
Hamilton. Smith, infant son Of' Mr. and Mrs.
A. H." Smith," a'natlve of Alamedaraged 6
months and, 12 days. , .
C^Frl^nds ah-i apquaintance* are respect-
l fully invited to att&nd the funeral Saturday,
- July 25, 1903. at 2 o'clock* from the family
residence.- 1418 Fifth street, Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
SMITH— In this city, > July 19; 1903, Isaao Platt
Smith; beloved brother of Albert C."" William
and George E. Smith, a native of New York.
. aged 58 tyears 3 months and 20 days. . - ¦
!¦ ,(C7Frlends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to "attend tha* funeral servicea
; Sunday, July 26, 1903. at' 10, o'clock, at tha
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1609-
, Mission . street, between Fifteenth and SU-
'.. teenth. /Cremation I. O. O. F. , Cemetery. •
6TREI— In.thls clfy, July 24. 1903, at her resi-
dence,' Louise Marie, "dearly.- beloved daughter
ot John H.. and Louise M. ; Strei, and sister
Of William E.; Alfred . J..^ Dorathea t'A., , Lii-
• llan N. . >,' Edwin H. . Violet y L. . • <Jeorge » A
'•-' and Grace , Strei and , Mrs/ T.v Hyland. a na-'-
> tlve of San Francisco,, aged 6 years 4 months
rind 8 days/ - ; o J : "V' : " <'
1 C7"lnternient private, : Sunday, July.26N
TREFTS-^In Stockton. Cal^'July 24,; 1903, Ed^'
-• ward \C./- beloved husband"of 'Mary. Trefts
'r-' and • father ' of. Charlotte . and" Lucy Tref u, a
native of ,; Johnstown, .Pa.,' aged 41 years U
''- months' and T4"days. - ' ; ¦. ¦ '. > , ..; :.-
r ':-*_ tj^fYiends and acquaintances "are respect-
: ; fully-Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
f . (Sunday). v at 1. o'clock, ¦ from Masonic • Tem-
ple, r South San Francisco, under the auspices
of South : San • Francisco .Lodge: No."; 212. sF/
'¦ and X: M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemc-
¦ 'terv;'-- 'V -.- "¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ . -- '*Zi' r 7bThe Mahoney Democrats of the Forty
third District outvoted McNab's followers
at a meeting held • at Golden . Gate Hall
last night, but the. latter would hot ac
cept the decision' and proceeded to or
ganize; the meeting, according to their
own sweet will. As a protest against this
R. Porter Ashe declared an adjournment
and with his followers ¦ withdrew from
Democrats Clash in Forty-Third.
' The Schmltz wine of the Union Labor
party organized a club at Garibaldi Hall.
Forty-fourth j Assembly District, last
evening. Major Schmltz and Thomas
Eagan addressed the meeting. The club
will meet Monday night next to select
delegates to the convention. ', .
The Democrats League ' Club of the
Forty-fourth District met at the Califor
nia Hotel last night and elected the fol
lowing officers: President, E. K. Camp-
Organize in Forty-Fourth.
The regular Republican Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District. A. K. Dag T
gett president, will meet at Stelmke
Hall, 2768 Octavla street, this evening.
Delegates to the convention .will be nom
inated by the club to-night.
Forty-First District.
The elephant has a trunk. Have you?
If not.' buy one from Lelbold Harness Co.,
Ill Larkln it. Ten per cent off for next two
weeks. All goods marked in plain figures.*
McKinley ' Circle .Will Entertain.
William' McKinley Circle No. - 31 ' will
give its first' entertainment and dance on
Saturday evening at .Hotel' Regina, 4W
Turk street. The, ladies of this adjunct
to the Grand Army of the Republic have
arranged a delightful programme of en
tertainment, which Includes dancing- att
9 o'clock, followed by refreshments.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Halght & Masonic av.*
» ? ¦
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
ye troubles. Never falls to win friends,
sed for Infant and adult. ! Murine don't
nart. Druggists and opticians. • ¦•
is said to be very large, to his ' widow,
Elizabeth Olive Cole and his eight child
ren. Mrs. Cole is left half the estate and
the other half is divided among the child
ren, share and share alike.
Held for Offering a Bribe.
Dr. W. C. Bruson of Oakland, a well
known mining man, was arrested yester
day by Detective Ed Gibson on a tele
graphic request from Sacramento, In
which it was said that a warrant had
been issued there for his arrest on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. He was released on $5000 bonds
fcy Police Judge Cabaniss, his sureties be
ing S. C. Denison and Bert Schlesinger.
his attorneys. They say that Dr. Bru
son was interested in an Iron mine in
Shasta County with a man named Tur
ner, who sold an interest to a man in
Sacramento. This- man was apparently
dissatisfied with the transaction and had
¦warrants issued for the arrest of both
Tiirnpr anri RruBnn
Nyg Ah Gong, a Chinese gambler at .126
Waverly place, was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by* Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of offer
ing a bribe in $1000 bonds. He Is accused
of having approached Policeman W. W.
Lambert of the Chinatown squad on July
10 and offering him $2 and a "rake-off" of
Jl of each $5 i won by him for the privi
lege of permitting him to . run a f antan
game without molestation.
¦ ' ¦ m »
No good dealer tries to sell imitation Bank
Stock paper. Mys^Il-RoHIns, 22 Clay, manuf. •
¦ m ¦
Cole's Will Is Filed.
The will of the late Nathaniel P. Cole,
the furniture man. was filed for probate
j-esterday. He leaves his estate which
Prominent Miner Arrested.
The \Democratlc League Club of the
Thicty-eighth District met In Powers'
Hall last night. There was a very large
attendance. The meeting was addressed
by Charles 8. Peery, Bert Schleslnger,
George E. Gallagher and others.
Delegates will be* nominated next Wed
nesday night— two {rom each election pre
cinct and six at large/ : \
Thirty-Eighth District Meeting.
The Democratic League Club of the
Forty-second Assembly D-strict met last
night and elected the following officers:
Chairman. Dr. D. H. Stone: secretary.
Joseph W. Cooney; vice president, D. J.
O'Keefe; second vice president. F. P.
Wehe; treasurer, W. W. Ackerson; ser
geant-at-arms, F. Schultie.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
United Republican League Club of the
Forty-second Assembly District in Sara
toga Hall a large and enthusiastic audi
ence were entertained by able addresses
on local issues. Notable speeches were
made by Senator Edward I. Wolfe, Wil
liam J. Henin, A. Ruef. Frank V. Kees
ling and George A. McGowan.
A resolution of indorsement of. the club
as the regular organization of the Forty
second District by the Republican county
committee was adopted.
The regular Democratic Club of th©
Forty-second. District will meet at Sara
toga Hall, 840 Geary street, next Monday
evening.
Will Meet in Forty-Second.
PostofHce Inspector Dennis Coyne arriv
ed yesterday from Upper Lake, having In
custody Edgar Burke, an 13-year-old
youth, and turned him over to the
custody of the United States Marshal on
a charge of attempting to break into the
United States Postofflce In that town. It
was discovered recently that several holes
had been bored in the floor. An auger
was used In the basement, the holes being
near the delivery window. Inspector
Coyne traced the work to young Burke
and obtained from him a confession, but
Burke denied that he intended to commit
burglary.
INSPECTOR COYNE GETS
- - A RUSTIC TEEPTNO TOM
"No, there you s«e, you don't know,
what I was going to say.'-t -replied Liver
nash. "The experiment is well known, to
every medical student.' . A frog's brains
are removed without killing the. frog and
acid is put on the side of the frog and
the frog will at once put up its leg and
attempt to scratch the spot that was
touched with the acid.'.' . - . .
Such questions /took up the time of the
proceedings yesterday afternoon. The
case will be^reopened Monday morning at
10 o'clock. •'¦'; .* "-'¦'.,• •¦.'•/..
"No, you seem to know all about it and
want to have all the say. You make your
little speech,'' said Llyernash.
"Well, everybody knows that, a frog's
legs will move after the head- is cut off,'J
proudly asserted Moore, leaning back. In
his. chair. ¦-.• .; " j ; -.-Y,
that the body would still have a certain
amount of intelligence.
"Oh, I know all about the frog," laugh
ed Moore. . . y
"Well, then, gp ahead and tell about it,"
said Livernash.
- "No, you go ahead and tell the story,"
said Moore. ' . #i . '
•"Resolved, that the selection of the
seventeen delegates to represent the Thir
ty-sixth Assembly District Club of the
United Republican League be referred to
the executive committee of the club for
selection and that they report their rec
ommendations to the -club at Its next
meeting for ratification.". '
The United Republican League of the
Thirty-sixth Assembly District held a
meeting' last evening at 1749 Mission
street. During the evening addresses
were made by General E.' S.' Salomon and
Marc Antony. ¦» The 'following resolution
presented by J. W. Rogers was adopted:
Thirty-Sixth Republicans Meet
the halU The McNab faction remained
and elected J. R. Pringle chairman and
T. W. Collins secretary. Henry Eickoff.
Joseph T. O'Connor. C. Samuels, N. T.
Duffy. Logan Erwin. F. Frawzer, Curtis
Hllliger. James R. Pringle. B. S. Taylor,
James W. Cramer, Louis F. Bartlett, L.
C Hunter, T. W. Kennedy. J. J. Drlscoll
and F. Spencer were selected as delegates
for the district at the coming primaries.
The meeting adjourned until next Mon
day night. July 27, to meet at the sam«
place at 8 o'clock for the purpose of se
lecting delegates.
bell; first vice president. Joseph Kelly;
second vice president, L. H. Heeb; secre
tary, Thomas H. Conboy.
James P. Devlne, William T. Kearney,
Joseph G. Gallagher, Charles S. O'Byrne
were appointed to nominate delegates to
the convention. •
A Democratic League Club was organ
ized In the fhirty-nfth District last night
at Excelsior Hall, 2337 Misslop street.
Permanent organization was effected by
the election of the following 'officers:
William May, president: Henry S. Rich
mond, secretary and Charles M. Crystal,
treasurer. - .
In" the Thirty-Fifth District.
The. United Republican League of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District met
last. evening at 257 Second street. The
chair appointed J. A. -Barr, Waiter Lar
son, E. W. Haughey, 'ihomas Phipps,
Cha'rles W. Merrltt, George Cooney, E. F.
Daugherty, Richard Grimes, Frank John
son, M. M. Miller, George Sweeney, Wal
ter Spillman, William Fitzgerald, Thomas
Westoby, James .Moffat, H. Peterson,
George Rowe apd John J. Connolly to the
executive committee. During the evening
the meeting was addressed by Judge D.
W. BIshard. . .
Twenty-Eighth Republicans Meet.
Attorney. Moore here suggested that the
matter had gone far enough. Livernash
was explaining to Broder that a frog's
brain might be severed from its body. and
"No, sir, I do not," admitted Broder.
He also confessed that reflex- action was
a matter that he had not given as much
study to as to his present calling.
• "Then, sir, you don't know that con
siderable knowledge is stored in the spinal
column?" asked Livernash.
LOCATION OF WILL POWER.
/'Don't you know, sir, that muscular
exertion must be under the direction of
will power?" asked Livernash.
"Now that Mr. Moore has instructed
you to answer," said Livernash, "do you
know that impressions are stored away?"
"I do. not know," replied the witness,
evidently attempting to control his tem
per.
"What college did you attend, elr?"
snapped Livernash.
"Lafayette College, for four years,"
proudly replied the witness.
"Did you take a metaphysical course
there, sir?" asked Livernash. -
"I did not," replied Broder. ... ¦
NO PIANO PLAYERS.
"Well, take this case,", continued Liver
nash. "A man who has played the piano
for a year can more readily pick out the
notes at the end of the year than when
he first started in, can henot?" ' . -
*'I don't know. We don't have any
piano players out in our workshops," re
plied Broder.
This upset Livernash, who reddened and
complained that the witness was lni
pudent."
In the afternoon matters looked as If
there. would have to be an adjournment.
Livernash sought to get Broder to admit
that' all persons possessed stored experi
ence, and that they would thus with prac
tice become mechanical In their work.
Broder refused to answer the question,
and replied in the negative only upon the
suggestion of Attorney Moore, because
Livernash threatened to adjourn the pro
ceedings until he had communicated with
the arbitrators and asked them to instruct
that Broder should answer the question.
"Oh, you had better answer the ques
tion, or. any other," suggested Moore.
"We don't want any delays. 'Answer. any
thing he asks you." '. ¦¦';"• j,
"Do not laborers become more pro
ficient with a chisel after they have used
one for a year?'* he asK&d.
Broder replied that the laborers in the
yards under his control did such rough
work with a chisel that they could use a
chisel as good in three days as after they
been there months.
In the arbitration proceedings between
the carmen arid the United Railroads yes
terday considerable time was spent in the
discussion of subsidiary .questions. These
related to metaphysics and like studies. .
Livernash wanted to show the supreme
value of experience, so he split hairs and
dealt In .physiology, biology and mental
science He contended that gripmen
store experience in their spinal columns;
this because a frog's body appears * to
retain intelligence after the brain has been
removed. Attorney Moore thought the
point irrelevant.
Reflex action . was the theme of the
carmen's counsel, and he tried ! to con
fuse I the railroad company's witness
by plying unique questions. The Issue
throughout the wrangling and examina
tion concerned the Inquiry as to the ex
perience necessary to enable men to do
manual work or handle streetcars. There
were, * as usual, several petty verbal
clashes during the examination. Once an
adjournment was threatened. v .
"j Attorney Livernash peeviBh
when the railroad's witness minimized the
amoupt. of skill required, and he con
tended with spirit that • experience was
vital to the successful handling 6t street
cars. He went so far as to hold that re
flex action is essential in all work, and he
examined the witness of the day with
reference to attainments in metaphysics,
particularly with reference to what he
knew about decapitated frogs. \ . v. . .
When. Master Mechanic F. F. Broder
started to testify LJvernash's temper be
gan to rise, for his rage flamed high
every time Broder intimated that operat
ing cars is not 'a work of skill. The at
torney ran the gamut of the various tools
us"ed by mechanics, and when the chisel
was Introduced he^ went after the wit
ness thus: ¦ *¦ ¦
The registrar desires to call the atten
tion of all political - committees desiring
td participate in the primary election
'August 11, 1903, to the fact that those de
sirous of having the name of the candi
dates for delegates, to the various party
conventions printed on the tally sheets,
semi-official and official returns, must file
their lists in his office not later than July
31, 1903. , .„ .
The commission, also adopted a resolu
tion directing Henry C. McPlke, attorney
of record in the case, who has appealed
to the , Supreme Court from the writ of
mandate commanding the commission to
recognize the Harders-Berger petition, to
dismiss the appeal and to discontinue all
further proceedings » In behalf \ of the
board. ' ;* '
..The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday^ rescinded its previous action
W, recognizing the petition of the Ewell-
Aubertine faction , of* the Union ; Labor
party by adopting a ' resolution granting
the petition of the party named, signed
by August Harder and George Berger, for
a place, on the official primary ballot in
accordance with Judge Murasky.'s decis
ion.. • , -
Cites Unconscious Jumps of
Brainless Frogs as a
Good. Point. f
District Olubs Propose Names
for Delegates to the Con
vention: •
Livernash Locates Or
gan of Thought in
Gripmen's Spines.
Election Commissioners
Accept' Murasky
Decision.
STREETCAR CASE
GROWS CHILDISH
PREPARATIONS
FOR PRIMARY
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JULY, 25, 1903.
14
I tt l_i rr o T"" i i r^ t^^^^t^ n D CT I
I I i g |— Bl II 1 l~" r*^ /,,,.\ yc -¦'. r 1 "" [isSp^ I™"™ * § r\ i"
I \ Our. Repository, Market and Tenth, streets, contained «¦ eight :^ hundred and sixty-fpur vehicles . the nigh^ of the fire, July |
| 8th Two hundred and fourteen , of these were a total loss. One' hundred: and sixty were badly damaged. Four hun- |
I dred and ninety vehicles are^damaged by smoke^ and water only, and are ready to run.: In this lot are Buggies, Carriages, Carts; |
| Open Delivery Wagons^ Top Delivery Wagons, and in fact. evefything-oli wheels. . . |
¦%¦ Every vehicle in the building bears a tag showing the former price a Some are marked to sell at y I
% . ten per cent ot the first cost, some more and some less. The sale of these. venicles^ begins / |
I 1 TUESDAY MOANING, JULY 28th, at Half Past NineT) |
'%'. and will continue diiringHhe week until every .vehicle! in the bujlHing^ is'spld.. , * v - . . ¦'. 1
| An -opportunity equal to this has never occurred. on the ; Pacific^ trust it will never " |
l g occur again. We advise as many as-can" to bringMh them ; a;competentjcafriage mechanic; as you w find in most instances that a §
:g- ' few dollars' repairs expended will give you#.veHicle^ : . /':,-- . \ ,
'% ' Terms of Sale, CASH. Goods will be: readj^fpr delivery as soon as the sale ends-: ¦ i
1 STUDEB AK,EF( BF^OS. COMPANY Op CAL. [
BUTTER!
TO-DAY ONLY.
BEST CREAMERY, per squax* 400
, RecuUr 45c-50c.
50 LBS. GOOD FLOUK ~...$1.OS
/Makes "U'hlts Bread.
2 DOZEX'BEST EGOS 55«
3 CANS TABLE FRUIT 26o
2 BARS BEST FREXCH 8OAJ? 4»o
8 LBS. SAOO OR TAPIOCA. ." 25c
1 LB. BEST BAKING POWDER ...35e
B.McCOY&SON
• 156 Ninth St. Phona FoUom 233.
ADVEBTISEMBNT3. > : :__J
S Lost Days of Our Clearance Sa/e |
I A Most Attractive Special Sale |
9 The main aisle will reveal a beauty show of brilliant summer • ¦
¦ ribbons to-day at prices that'will startle all. 'O CV. ¦
o Our regular Ribbon Department will also display just as many .¦
* attractive fancies of the looms. H
° Ribbon Bargains Summer Underwear Re-m
S 1(\~ Fan °y Wasli Ribbon ' 4 duced io Almost One-Half m
5 lUC inches wide. Regular D
¦ t-r vd price 20c. ." 10^, Ladies' Merino Vests, long ¦
¦ * iOv sleeves, high neck, fleece g
g Cp Taffeta Ribbon, 2 inthes lined, medium weight. Reg- B
SB vv w ide. Regular price 10c. ufar price 25c g
¦ per yd. E
U 1C Fancy Striped Dresden and HZ r Ladies' Vests, lisle and a
¦ ISC Liberty Satin Ribbon, 5 to I JV woof mixed, colors gray ¦
5 Bervd. 7 lnches mde - Sofdregu- , and white, pants to match, B
¦ lar/y at 40c and 50c. all sizes. Sold regularly H
b $1.25. g
a VfiilS 38C nr^. Ladies' Vests, silk and wool 5
d f^^£<&^pg^f 20 desen 7t)v mixed, pants to match, all ¦
n h^H\^^^ff%7 ewffen r>t*p« colors, fancy top. Regular S
¦ //, *-.Si-^ 30 <i«y at asr. g
¦ X I V9? — ~r PARIS L^N" • ' g
II V'J^^ ~' DESIGNS. 1H At I »
3 .^ d8 . l^ n f; Neckwear n
a £~Gr£si 10^ Colon to Suit . ¦ -, g
a .^t^K ct. neruiar -|A Fancy Collars as illustrated, 5
¦ A \s. prices 50c anJ lip . , . . , H
g X 75c lUv lace or embroidery, variety a
B 1 • of patterns to choose from. ¦
q Hosier/ Regular price 25c. a
¦ ICr Boys' Bicycle Ribbed Hose, «* Embroidered Stocks, trim- m
M lDw extra long, double knees, [y{J me( f w /f n insertion and ¦
a all sizes. Regular price 25c. medallion tabs, tab and stole q
gto^ Ladies' Black Lisle Hose, , effects, all colors. Regular*
g lOw best quality Hermsdorfs, '- pr / cgs 25c and 35c. 5
S all sizes. Sold regularly ¦ R
a at 25c. ¦
n M # - Outing Skirts |
¦ Belts , * LttL . . vS
¦ c%tz~ c a- a u • -it Cft/^ Jaunty Duck Skirts in blue B
| 25C Satin Belts, n a variety of bhck d M g
¦ 35C designs, n the very newest v polka dots, regular price $1. \
m effects. Reg ufar prices . * * 5
a ouv^ 5Oc^ 75c and j f00 Ljnen Crasff Walkjng skiffs, S
¦ tlCH h io-da/s Safe Price for V3C ¦
g $1.3U our U sJ a , ,3.00 Silk Em- *™ '""hr stitching g
¦ broidered BATISTE WAISTS, front Regular price $1.75. B
¦ and back formed of clustered tucks. fr\ rf\ White Pique Outing 3
a Graceful sleeves. TAB COLLAR. J1.3U Skirts, trimmed with a S
jg These trim and tempting waists neat pattern of embroid- ¦
B come in tan and champagne, with ery insertion, tailor fin- £
B red or white polka dots. Regular ish. Regular price B
% price, $3.00. $2.50. - ¦ : ¦
'a t^ 0^ fs to ~ da y'* Sale Pnce for our usual $6.50 Walking Skirts ¦
Q $u»/U made of the very latest mannish mixtures. Stitched yoke. "
B Kilted effects. -Weft seams. These skirts are all elegantly m
¦ tailored. Were quick sellers at $6.50. All sizes. B
I ~ Corset Sale £
¦ $I.OO to-day for all our $1.25 Corsets. Ask for any make. S
| Thousands of wearers testify to the goodness of our corsets. £
B Stylesto suit every figure, even the most exacting. Money refunded fl
on any corset bought at our store which proves unsatisfactory. S
a Trading stamps given with every purchase. Send for our iff us- B
¦ trated catalogue. a
3 MARKS BROS. \
m 1220-22-24 MARKET STREET. Between Taylor and Jones. S
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BMMMBBMMBBBBBMMB
HAXE'S ' f SALW3 '
Sale Sample Neck Ruffs
At y 2 and Nearly y 2 Their Worth.
> First time to-day. . ¦
Beauties, of fine liberty silk— even a few of net. Fine full necks
and capes with long ends, trimmed with juby trimming and narrow
liberty ribbon. All black,. black trimmed with white and white
trimmed with' black.
A lot one of the very best makers chose to represent his stock, and
when he was through with them (after they had sold thousands for him)
he could afford to -make a loss. So he marked them all at apneeto save
as a. great big plum for some of his best customers to pick. When our
buyer heard about it it didn't take him long to pick it.
* Now they're here for you at half and nearly half price. We don t
expect them to last through the day. Advise early buying. .Very latest
ideas and most popular styles. Sale starts at 9 a. m. ,
Tuscan Hats 15c Eton Jackets $2.95
On sal. first time fuU-flSwiS d«rm-
My! How they went! The best on te Carlo style; round collar,
values of the season. Genuine Tus- trimmed with four rows black and
cans, floppy as can be. Almost im- white cord. One of the biggest sur-
... / . . it _ t, ... prises of the season. 5a-95'
possible to break them. Regular v Along with - thcm co<nc5
aac value, 15c to-day. Second floor. One of Covert Cloth. 2 ;^, Sr rJ^^
J ¦ * ble- breasted, lined with satin surah.
r^ '-* popular ball shaped sleeves. This Is in
* j "' tan only. - .
Toilet Helps/- We're doing things in JwJ**™jr
* — clearing the way for fall «ocic.
Buy to-day and save this way at an d with a right good will. No
Hale's- measures too strong for us to take
Violet Witch Hazel. 35c Bottle: 8- to prevent carrying things over
ounce bottle: witch hazel with the Youil -find some big savings m inc
odor of woodland violet. cloak department in , blacK suk
Dentonax. 15c Box. Saponaceous; coats, too. and P on _ gccs ~~?S m u
splendid for beautifying the teeth; pre- you'll surely want to share. VVisll
serves them, too. we had room to tell you about them
Face. Powder, 50c Box. Woodland a n.
violet; flesh and white. ¦ —
Florentine OttIs. 25c large box; for '~n- \\r^i^4-tf
sachets. New 50c Waists
Perfume. 50c ounce bottle: 23c %- r t -
ounce bottle. Woodland violet, triple ¦> go want tQ tell about
Iliill
exquisite— odor* of wild violets. second floor to-day at 50c.
Market Street, . (^^^^^5fc W j&9^ StST*
OpSwite 8 oSden W^^^^^J^^ Oppoiit. Golden
Gate Avenue. J&l -^^G»~~ r .-r~- Qat * AT<ntt *'
ADVEBTISEMEImTS.
ism
TREATMENT
For the Hiair
anid Scalp
Always Best With
Shampoos of g
And light dressings of Cuticubi, pur-
est - of emollient skin cares. This
treatment at once stops falling- hair,
removes crusts, scales and dandruff,
soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies
the roots with energy and nourish-
ment, and makes the hair grow upon
% sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp,
when all else fails.
Complete Treatment
Tor Twtaring, Dliflirarinf Hamonrt, eoi«iitlir
ofCtrricnu 6oxr (2Sc), t« cleanse the tkin of
craita and tcalta, »ud soften the thick »n«d eutl-
ele; Cuticbra Oimtmkmt (Me.), to JniUntly
M*j ltchlnt.»nd soothe »nd heal; and Cctico ra
R»boltekt Piixb (lie), to cool and eleanae
'the blood, may now be had of all druggiiU
for one dollar. Curti made in tummtr are
tpttdy, permanent and eeonomieal. - '
Bold thronjrhomt th« world. Cotlenm So»p, JSe., OlnV-
Meat, Me.. HnolTent, We. (In fora of Chocolate Ceatet
Milt. Me. ptr rial of 60). DcpoU i Leadan. V Charter-
koBM t\.\ Parii. I Ru« de la Pals i Bettoa, Iff Colna-
>•• Are. Potter Drue ft Chen. Corp.. Role froprlttera.
m~ Bead for "All About tha Skia, Scalp aad li»ir."