• LONDON," Aug.; 10,— The Bulgarian, sit
uation • has assumed a more , serious 'aspect
In the eyes of tho British "authorities. , No
official; statement of, the British . attitude
can bo obtained ? pending the 'receipt . of
Balkan ' Situation.
Government Awaits' Developments in
ANXIETY IN, GREAT : BRITAIN.
The chiefs of the gendarmerie and the
police cf Ealonica have been dismissed.
It is officially reported that fifteen Turk
ish villages in the vilayet of Okhrcida
have been burned by the Bulgarian revo
lutionists. There were many victims. The
Turkish troops arrived too late to save
the villagers.
FALONICA. Aug. 10.— Further fighting
occurred near Sorovlch yesterday, the
Turkish troops coming into collision at
the village of Kallar with a large insur
gent band. Twenty-four Turkish bat
talions have been ordered to proceed to
the revolutionary districts In Macedonia
from Anatolia, Russi Pasha passed through
Salonica with two battalions on bis way
to Monastir.
FIFTEEN VILLAGES BURNED.
Revolutionists, Active Throughout
the Vilayet of Okheida.
The statement further says that three
Christian villages— Smllevo, Krouche arid
Bolno, near Monastir— have been ' com
pletely destroyed by Turkish troops.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Aug. 10.— The repre
sentatives of the Macedonian revolution
ary committee have published .a-, state
ment saying that the number of insur
gents tn the district of Monastir is'SOUO
and that they are armed. with rifle's pur
chased in Greece. It also states that, on
August 2. COO Insurgents destroyed three
detachments of Turkish troops, number-
Ing altogether 100, and attacked the town
of Kltchevo, but failed to occupy It. • The
insurgents, however, destroyedthe Turk
ish village of Drougovo, whose Inhabi
tants had co^ne to the assistance of the
garrison of Kitchevo.
ments of Turkish Troops.
INSURGENTS CLAIM VICTORIES.
Report Destruction of Three Detach-
Hake Overtures to Russia for a
World-Wide Increase of
Prices.
LONDON. Aug. 10.— The Daily News
this morning prints a dis-patch from War
saw, dated last Friday, which says that,
an American association, said to com
prise S7.000 farmers, has addressed jtself
to the Russian Ministers of Finance and
Agriculture requesting their assistance in
raising the current prices of agricultural
produce, particularly wheat, and saying
that the association projects a great union
of the wheat growing countries of the
worldTor the purpose of fixing an annual
minimum selling price. In view of M de
Witte'B abhorrence of trusts, the corre
spondent adds, It is doubtful whether he
will accrpt the bait.
AMERICAN FARMERS PLAN
AN INTERNATIONAL TRUST
Practically.- the ¦ whole 'country north of
Monastir Is in revolt. The. Turkish official
reports state' that revolutionary forces In
considerable- numbers 'have"crossed "the
frontier from Bulgaria during tho last" few
days. The local Bulgarian ofnclal3, how
ever, deny this, and declare that . ; the
strictest watch , is. being .kept along; the
frontier. . .. . . ....-.¦: v._^, :._„ . . .
According ' to mair advices from • Monas
tir dated August ; 5 'the Insurgents who
recently occupied the little town of Krus
hevo, twenty-three miles north of Monas
tir, numbered 900. They killed the garri
son, consisting , of .fifty-two soldiers, . dy
namited and burned the government head
quarters ardholsted on a hill a red flag
bearing on ¦ one side "a 'lion with the In
scription "Death or liberty, '•• and on the
other the words "Courage, brethren/'. The
rebels were ptill in possession of, the town
when the letters were sent. 1 •
Tha/ murder of 'the Russian Consul has
caused Inteiise'excttement here and. Is the
sole topic ,Vf conversation "In , the streets,
cafes and public places." The general.be
lief Is thafthe-lncident is bound to ' con-,
sldoxably^ aggravate the already serious
situation in Macedonia,' arid It Is felt that
It will? undoubtedly .cncourawi the Bui 1
garlans to • support >¦ the • Insurrectionary
movement, * which Is " spreading rapldfy",
notably to the southward-of Monastir.
Orders Trial of Assassins and Dis
misses Vali of Monastir.
.CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 10.— The Vail
of Monastir' has been dismissed andJIus-'
sein Hilmi Pasha, formerly Governor of
Yemen, Arabia, has been appointed as his
successor. /An Imperial Irade ..orders a
court-martial to assemble at 'Monastir to
try the assassin of •- M. Rostkovoski and
report on the of the author
ities In the.murder of the Russian Consul.
TURKEY MAKING REPARATION.
head and hip. '-'The horse drawing the
carriage in -which- the Consul was rid
ing received .two bullets and shots were
fired at the coachman also.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
- LONDON, Aug. 10.— The social revolt In
South Russia continues to spread and Is
everywhere taking the shape of strike
riots on a great scale. Dispatches just re
ceived from Nicolalcff tell of a severe
fight between 10,000 strikers and a mili
tary force from Odessa. The strikers
were ordered 'to disperse, with the alter
native of having ball cartridges fired at
them. They . refused and thereupon vol
leys were fired straight into the mob.
Twenty- persons were killed and 300 seri
ously wounded. ';''W ~y\-
The Cossacks were then ordered to
charge the strikers. —They rode up and
down through them, wounding many.
This occurred on. August 5, but the
strike was still maintained and the town
is .in a state of anarchy. The central ad
ministrations of Industrial towns through
out a great area are completely at a loss
to know how to deal with the present
labor rising. •
The general strike at. Odessa marks a
"new era In the economic history of the
nation. . The tramway 'employes there
have resumed work' on the appointment
.of a, commission by the Governor to de
cide, their grievances. The steamship
companies. It is believed, will take a sim
ilar course. An order, has been Issued
¦from" St. Petersburg to the Governor of
tho Black Sea and Batoum district re- %
questing the heads of '. Industrial estab
lishments to direct their, workmen to ab
stain .from work on holidays. Artisans
must not work except In cased of abso
lute necessity on Sundays. On • tho other
hand Jews may bo required > to Hvork on
Sundays arid' Christian " holidays.
. Working days nHJst.be strictly' limited
to ten hours -for adults and eight hours
for apprentices under the age of fifteen.
Business In Odessa Is being slowly re
sumed. Only a , portion of the men are
returning to work In the factories at
Baku.
SARAFFOF GIVES WARNING.
Revolutionists Will Use Dynamite on
the Railroads.
VIENNA. .Aug. 10.— Officials here real
ize tho" gravity of the situation arising
from the murder of M. Rostkovoski. but
believe that Russia, in spite of the provo
cation, will maintain a peaceful attitude
as: long. as possible.
According to' reports received here, tfie
Turkish population in Macedonia is form
ing bands to fight the Bulgarian revolu
tionists.
It appears that the insurgents captured
three cannon'at-Krushe'vo.
•Boris Saraffof. .the active leader of tfie
Macedonian Insurgents, - has warned the
directors 'of the Oriental Railway not to
sell passenger, tickets, as all tho railways,
he says." will be destroyed.
"According to a dispatch from Salonica,
the insurgents last evening blew up with
dynamite ; the custom house at Zlbevche,
on th^ Servian 'frontier. Thero were " no
fatalities.
LONDON. Aus. 10,-Thc report on the
amendments to the Irish land bill were
read ip the House of Lords to-night and
the bhl probably will be pasied to a third
reading to-morror.-. Jnhn E. Redmond,
Nationalist, said to-night:
"The Irish land bill may now be re
garded as past all danger. We may look
upon it as an accomplished fact. If it
vorks as it is confidently hoped it will,
there is no question that it will effect a
revolution in the condition of Ireland.
I feel quite sure that the national move-
ment is now on the high road to com
plete BUCCPE3."
IBISH LAND BILL IS
NO«T PAST AXL DANGER
•John E. Redmond Says Measure Is
Safe and Will Revolution
ize Ireland
v— — —^ g -*
Czar Demands Full
Reparation of
the Turk.
BULGARIAN WAR SCENE AND
.LEADING FIGURES IN LATE
DEVELOPMENTS.
Meanwhile tens of thousands of anxious
persons gathered' about the station. 'AH
of the police and fire" engines were on the
spot and the excitement was Intense.
Finally the firemen succeeded In flood-
Ing the burning mass and shortly after
ward thev were able to enter the tunnel.
They brought up the corpses of nine men
and two women, all belonging » to the
working class. There are believed to be
many more bodies In the tunnel.
LONDON. Aug. ll.-A dispatch from
Paris, timed 4:15 o'clock, says that. in the
underground railway disaster many were
killed and that ele\-en bodies have been
recovered. Three empty trains were burn
ed and a fourth was full of victims.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— An awful catastrophe
occurred last evening on the Metropoli
tan Electric Railroad, which runs mostly
underground, in which many persons lost
their lives. Up to 3 o'clock this morning
eleven bodies had been recovered, and the
search continues. ¦ -
One of the trains broke down at Monil
montant, which is in a po6r and popu
lcus section of the city. This train was
promptly emptied and the train which
followed was ordered to push It to the
repairing sheds. On the way these two
trains caught fire, but the employes suc
ceeded in cscaains.
Meanwhile a crowded train reached Les
Charonnes, the preceding station,' and the
officials, seeing smoke pouring out of the
tunnel, gave the alarm. A panic ensued,
the passengers struggling to escape from
the tunnel. Amid the Increasing smoke
many attempted to return along the line
toward Belleville and were suffocated.
The officials seem to have lost their heads
and are unable to say how many passen
gers went out. The firemen for several
hours were unable to enter. the station or
the tunnel, owing to the dense smoke,
which poured out in black. clouds. -. ? •;
PARIS, Aug. 11— C A. M.-Elghty-two
bodies have been recovered from the
trains which were destroyed by fire yes
terday on the Metropolitan Electric. Rail
road. The total number of victims Is
estimated at nlnetv.
ThV^Brltlsh'Govcrriment^concluded Bal
four, , did f not : desire to see such", a policy
succeed^ .Its policy ".was to t aid Austria
and in Introducing the elementary
principles " of sound [ government,';; which
for the 'present "constituted "th"i?b"est means
of dealing with the deep-seated evil."
Balfour. acknowledged the ill-success of
the efforts of Europe In the Macedonian
question since' the signing of the treaty
of Berlin, but he thought that' the
of ¦ English- diplomacy- should "not forget
the extraordinary complications* ahd;dif^
ficultles of 'the task." There '• were 'grave
grievances • arising from a ' deep-set '. dls :
ease. Ho '. deplored the non-success of
their "' effort's to" deal with ¦ the, situation,
but', he 'was still hopeful, that; the'. plan
recently designed by Russia and Austria
.would prove, the best way of dealing with
the problem. It was therefore \ the. duty
of the "rest of Europe to support them as
long *as .their, efforts were dlrected-ln-no
ambitious spirit to the amelioration of the
lot of the population' of iuacedonia. "
• It' must sorrowfully be ' admitted, he
said,", that 'the revolutionary bands'. them?
selves;were:one of the chief obstacles' to
the success of Europe's efforts. * ;• ¦
The. picture -drawn; of -the condition of
Macedonla-by his' Interrogator 'was not
painted In ' colors . any f too* dark. Between
the" outrages deliberately' planned .by the
revolutionists . and ; the license or Turk
ish troops ;' the historical- truth required
him to. say that the balance of criminal
ity lay rather with the revolutionists than
with, the Turks.
Balfour said everything possible . would
be done . to impress the Porte with the
necessity of keeping • Its troops well In
hand and every assistance would.be given
to the Porte In. carrying out, that object.
He. believed, that the, Porte: was keenly
alive • to the present necessity .of repress
ing, the excesses 'committed- by ¦ the Turk
ish troops. Unfortunately, "Europe ; had
not . the- same; opportunity of " bringing
pressure to bear on the rebel; bands. ; The
latter's deliberate and avowed object* was
to : make • the - condition - of • Macedonia - so
impossible. that, lat* whatever, cost- to the
peace of , tbo world. . there • must . be some
Intervention* on the_ part- of Russia v or
Austria, ! 6r' both. -^ / ":- \ '*.' - . .'.
information regarding the length- to which
Russia will go in exacting 'reparation for
the murders of the- Russian Consul at
Monastir. It Is expected, \ however, ¦ that
the Russian demands for the punishment
of. the murderer and the responsible of
ficials will .be. followed by others . of
greater -International Interest and' affect
ing, the general Balkan question. '.,.,. .',.-'
It was stated to-day by an official. In
a position. to know tlic Czar's policy that
the Emperor had no Intention of precipi
tating a war and that before dealing .with
tho international situation In Turkey
Kussia would communicate with Austria
and acquaint the : other signatories of the
Berlin treaty with at least part of her
plans, j '. -
The state. of affairs in Macedonia was
brought up In the House of Commons, but
Premier,. Balfour ¦ declared he was unable
to give any satisfactory assurances re
garding the situation. The latest news
reaching the tJove'rriment; . he said, was
far from reassuring, i'
"His. Majesty has received a telegram
from" the Sultan expressing his deep re
gret at the death of the Russian Consul
at Mor.astlr. When I showed the tele
gram- to, the Emperor his Majesty gave
orders that you 1 should. not confine your
self to receivinsr explanations" from the
Grand Vizier, but should make tho most
energetic demands on the Turkish •'Gov
ernment .for "full' satisfaction and Imme
diate and. exemplary:, punishmerft both of
'the murderer and of all the military and
clftl 'officials, on whom responsibility for
the audacious crime may.' fall." r , '.
; According to' the. report made by. the
official now In charge or the Russian
consulate , at Monastir, tho murderer. Is a
gendarme. The Consul had '; asked - his
name because, in defiance of instructions,
the gendarme did not salute • him!' : The
gendarme thereupon fired several shots,
mortally wounding '• the Consul in '' the
In reply Count Lamsdorff, the Fo'relgn
Minister, telegraphed to the Embasnador
on AuKtist 9: • ',.•
from hi* post."
The assassination of the Russian Con
sul at Monastir, M. Rostkovoski, was the
second murder of a Russian Consul in
Macedonia within a few months, and cre
ated intense indignation here. In report-
Ing the occurrence to the Foreign. Office
the Russian Embassador telegraphed on
August 8 from Constantinople as follows:
"The Russian Consul at Monastir .has
fallen the victim of an atrocious crime.
The Grand Vizier and the Turkish For
eign Minister have come to me with ex
pressions of regret In the name of. the
Sultan.; Fcrld Pasha, the Grand Vizier,
Informed me that the assassin was a gen
darme named Hallm, and that he will
be subjected to the severest punishment,
nnd thn Vail of Monaetir will be removed
st. Petersburg; Aug. 10.— The czar
has demanded the exemplary punishment
not. only, of the murderer of the Russian
Consul rat Monastir, who' was killed last
week -by Turkish 'gendarmes, but of all
the military and ciril officials In any way
responsible for the crime/
Requires Punishment of Officials as
• ¦ Well as Assassin.
CZAR'S SWEEPING DEMAND.
The plan of Saraffof, as understood, is
to bring about European Intervention by
provoking the Turks to a massacre and
the murder of the. Russian- Consul at
Monastir. M." Rostkovoski. is considered
here to have played into the hands of the
revolutionists in this respect.
"TT**. OME, Aug. 10.— It is stated here
Bj that there has been • an ox
j»V^ change <>f vfcws between thn
• in Macedonia and that apparent
powers regarding the situation
ly j the ; powers have decided to support
Austria and Russia in efforts to re-es
tablish . peace. Reports previously re
ceived here from Italian Consul3 In the
Balkans predicted the present revival of
the insurrection, which the Consuls con
sidered to be almost entirely the work of
Boris Saraffof, "the Macedonian agitator,
who is now in command of the Insur
gents, It being pointed out that the atti
tude of the Bulgarian Government Itself
had been correct since receiving Russia's
admonition.- : . > ¦ ;
Kill T^
Wound Three g
Hundred.
Catastrophe on a
French "Under
ground Road.
Russia and Jfustria
to Have Joint
Support
Revolution Spreads
Throughout the
Peninsula.
COSSACKS
FIRE UPON
STRIKERS
ENTRAPPED
PASSENGERS
DIE IM FIRE
New Order Will Prevent In
terference by Reason
of Strikes.
Now the Government will make itself
responsible for the proper carriage and
delivery cf this mail, and to this end will
commission and pay salaries to trainmen
over and above the compensation received
ty them for their rr-sular work.
The policy adopted by the Government
is really an amplification of the system
which has been in use for some time by
publishers of papers, who serve subscri
bers en rural free delivery routes where
the mail train facilities are limited. It
has been the custom of these publishers
to intrust bundles of papers to trainman
on trains which did not carry United
States mails, with instructions to throw
them off at certain points. This system,
however, has been very unsatisfactory.
Postmaster General Payne and Second
Assistant Postmaster General Shallenber
ger have had the plan under considera
tion for months. The agitation, however,
which really led to the adoption of the
r.ew policy has been growing for several
years and, like eo many other important
*t+pa «.j. i-:. d *>>• the PosiofUce Depart
ment in late years, this is a result of
the tremendous growth of the rural free
delivery service.
The purposed step will be accomplished
by commissioning railroad conductors,
baggage Aasters and other trainmen,
¦wherever desired, as employes of the
United States, postal service and empow
ering them to handle a desired class of
mail.
WASHINGTON. Aug. lO.-Postmaster
General Payne decided to-day to issue
slt, order which "will have the effect of
making practically every train in the
"United States a mail train and of plac
ing the railroads in their entirety under
the protection of the United States Gov
«":.iaem. Incidentally this will obviate
the possibility of interference with inter
state commerce and passenger traffic by
strikers, as in times past.
Special Dissatch to The Call
WIU Be Commissioned
and Paid by the
Government.
Railroad Men to
Act as Postal
Clerks.
ALL TRAINS
HILL CARRY
THE MAILS
MURDER OF RUSSIAN CONSUL IMPELS THE EUROPEAN POWERS
TO THRUST SULTAN ASIDE AND RESTORE PEACE IN BALKANS
MONEY KING
TO CONTROL
LEAD MINES
Rockefeller Joins
in $30,000,000
. Merger.
Wants to Consolidate
Coeur d'Alene
Properties.
Combines With Capitalist of
Spokane to Put Through
the Big Deal.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SPOKANE. Aug. 10,-Rockefeller Inter
ests have joined hands with Charles
Sweeny of Spokane In forming the Fed
eral Mining and Smelting Company, with
a capital of J3O.OOO.O0O, to control the Coeur
d'AIene lead mines and engage in the
smelting business. The deal, which is
now being perfected in New York, is the
most important merger that has been at
tempted In the mining Industry since the
flotation of Amalgamated Copper. John
A. Finch, representing the Standard and
the Mammoth mines of the Coeur
d'Alenes, which will go into the combine.
Is now in New York perfecting details of
the transfer.
A. B. Campbell, Finch's partner, said
to-day: "It looks now as if the consolida
tion will go through. I feel confident
that the Rockefeller interests are behind
it. The deal will take in the Rockefeller
mines (the Monte Cristo) and the Ever
ett smelter, which are owned by^ them.
The deal is on the stock of the Standard
Company and Is not .for the property it
self. I am not particularly anxious to
see it go through, and I have not given
any kind of an option to my personal
holdings in the Standard. However, If
looks now as if It will be closed. I under
stand that there is $300,000 on deposit in
New York now as an initial payment on
the deal. The options which Mr. Sweeny
holds will expire September 1. I do not
care to state at what price the properties
will be turned over. I understand the
capital is JCO.OOO.OOO."
The Standard Company owns a three
eighths interest in" the Mammoth and
the neighboring property, which Is also
under option to the Sweeny- Rockefeller
interests. The Mammoth is perhaps fh«
most valuable silver-lead mine In the
Coeur d'Alenes and It is held at about
J2.00O.O0O. It has- been paying dividends of
from J20.000 to J4O.00O a month for the past
three and a half years. The Standard
Company has paid up to date J2.S50.000 In
dividends In ten years.
It is expected that the Standard will be
turned over to the now syndicate on the
basis ot about $8 a share, or J3.000.000 for
the company's holdings. That surplus
above $1,250,000. to be paid for the re
maining five-eighths Interests tn the
Mammoth, would make the two properties
stand a little more than J4.00O.O0O.
The consolidation would Include also the
Tlger-Poorman group at Burke, Idaho,
and the Last Chance group at TVarda«r«
Idaho, owned by the Empire State- Ida no
Company. It has an issued capital of
$5,500,000 and is paying dividends of 6 per
cent a year.
* The three properties under one manage
ment would form the strongest silver-lead
combination in the Coeur d'Alenes, which
produces about 60 per c?nt of the argen
tiferous lead mined in the United States.
The options on the Standard and the
Mammoth were secured by Senator Tur
ner, acting on behalf of Charles Sweeny.
Consul Rostkovoski Delighted in Dis
playing Authority.
AEROGANCE COSTS HIS LIFE.
BELGRADE. Servta. Aug. 10.—Accord
ing to the latest reports received here re
garding: the murder of the Russian Consul
at Monastir. M. Rostkovoski abused the
Turkish gendarme, who was doing sentry
duty, for not saluting him. and called him
a "pig. of a Turk." Then he struck the
sentry with his whip, saying at the same
time, "Perhaps you will know me." Tha
gendarme thereupon fired on the Consul.
It is said that M. Rostkovoski was
hated by. th« Turks on account of his In
tense arrogance.
M. Rostkovoski has been In Macedonia
for twenty years. He knew the Inside of
almost ev«ry village In the province and
was regarded as a friend of the Chris
tian^. He was a belWver In the tradition
that an overbearing manner was best In
dealing with Orientals. , .
Last May the Consul had an experience
apparently similar to the ,incldent which
led to his death. He went to the village
of Mogil. six miles north of Monastlr. to
Investigate the Turkish excesses there.
The Turkish troops had cordoned the vil
lage and a sergeant seized the brldlc3 of
M. . Rostkovoskl'3 horses and attempted to
stop the Consul. ' The latter raised h!3
cane and struck the sergeant. His action
placed him In Imminent danger until hl3
identity was revealed.
Xords Pass the Sugar Bill.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— The House of
Lords to-day passed the sugar conven
tion bin. which was adopted by thm
House of Commons last Thursday. _.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 72.
BAN FRANCISCO; TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903^
The San Francisco CallPeat : haB about . half o? the .heating
power of coal and double that of wood.' i
EUREKA. Aug. 10.— The British bark
Graemere, carrying the fourth cargo of
redwood lumber shipped to the United
Kingdom, was cleared for London : Satur
day and sailed to-day. ' She carried SCO .049
feet of rough clear redwood lumber, val
ued sat more • than $25,000. This cargo
makes a total of 3,311,343 ' feet, valued at
186,073 49. ¦ ¦ ;. . .
Redwood for the United Kingdom.
Jacob Samuels, at present great senior
sagamore, will be advanced to great sa
chem..and C. S. Davis of Angels Camp
will become great senior sagamore.' There
is to be a contest for the position of
great Junior sagamore, which ig the
starting position for the' highest station
in this reservation. Upon retirement from
the great sachemship J. , R. Tyrrell will
become creat prophet.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. lO.-The thirty
eighth Great Council of the Improved Or
der of Red Mpti will open in the State
Capitol to-morrow. More than 250 dele
gates, representing eighty-six of the
eighty-eight tribes in California, will -be
in attendance. Delegates arrived on all
trains to-day and to-night a delightful
open air concert was given at the Plaza
in their honor. To-morrow night there
will be a reception at the Crocker Art
Gallery. On Wednesday night a team of
Cosumnes Tribe of this city will give an
open air adoption in amplified form at
Sutters Fort. There will be a vaudeville
show and open air ball at Oak Park on
Thursday evening and a moonlight ex
cursion on the Sacramento River Friday
evening. In conjunction with the council
of the Red Men, the women's branch of
the order, the Degree of Pocahontas will
hold councils in the Capitol building and
will assist In entertaining the visiting
members of the order and its auxiliary
Great Sacjiern^ J. B. Tyrrell of Grass
Valley will open the Great Council, and
the report of the committee on creden
tials will show a healthful Increase in
the membershla of the order since the
holding of the last Great Council eleven
new tribes and 3000 members having been
added. Several important amendments to
tho constitution of the order are to be
submitted, and Great 8achem Tyrrell will
have some recommendations to make for
the advancement of Its interests ', in the
State. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call. \
Will Open Convention
at Capital City
RED MEN WILL
HOLD COUNCIL
SALT LAKE. Utah, Augr. ; 10.— Frank
Hoffman and Burton Downing, two of
the best-known riders on the local bicycle
track, are suffering from diphtheria and
will not be able to ride for some time.
Both are from California.
Cyclists 111 With Diphtheria.
Excursions With Reserved Seats.
Beginning Sunday. August 23, a serie3
of popular $1.50 excursions to Cazadero
and the Russian River redwoods will be
Inaugurated by the North Shore Railroad.
The reserved-seat feature, which- mot
with such general public approval in pa*t
yeara,- will .be continued under the per
sonal direction of Excursion Agent LocH**.
Sale of tickets begins next Monday at «*
Market street, opposite Palace Hotel.
Only a limited number of tickets wil! bo
sold for each event. Parties of twenty
eight or more may secure a private car. •
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 10.— The Society of
Arizona to-day \ adopted and . forwarded- to
General; Nelson A. Miles resolutions In
recognition of his forty- two years'- pub
lic-service,, referring his
conquests., of the Indian tribes of the
Rockies from British Columbia to Mexico;
the perpetual ;pcaee. to Arizona and New
Mexico by the capture and removal, of
Gcrohimo "and his Apache Tigers to the
Atlantic Coast. , '
Arizonans Honor General Miles..
Accept Plans for Library Building.
PALO ALTO. Aug. 10.— The plans of
Dodge & Dolliver of San Francisco were
to-day unanimously accepted by the
board of trustees of the Palo Alto library
for the new Carnegie library, to be built
at a cost of 510,000. The style is an adapt
ation of the Florentine renaissance ' arid
combines beauty and economy of space.
Search for Bodies of Drowned Men.
VALLEJO, Aug. 10.— The ctew of the
United States torpedo boat Davis dragged
the; bottom, of Carqulnex Straits . to-day
in the hope of finding the bodies of Her
man Salomon, William Hanson, K. ChU
cne and David Wilson. 1 who were drowned
yesterday by the sinking of the yacht
Heine. Eight attempts were made with
out success and to-day two torpedo boats
will resume the search. :"":
RIVERSIDE, Augr. 10— The room in
which Murderer Fischer committed the
awful crime last April, for which he was
recently hanged, was the scene this after
noon of another tragedy. To-day Pro
prietor Stewart set carpenters to work
making repairs in the apartments. Harry
Slmms' neck came in contact with a live
electric wire oft which the insulation had
been burned by the Fischer flre and was
instantly killed. Slmms came her© a few
weeks ago from Muskogee. I. T. Ha
leaves a wife and five children.
Electric Wire Kills Carpenter.
VIENNA. Aug. 10.— In consequence of
the assassniation of King Alexander and
Queen Draga and the subsequent attitude
of the Servian military officials, both
Russia and Austria have decided to send
home all the Servian officers studying in
their military schools. Russia has for
bidden her officers to have official or so
cial intercourse with Servian officers
! BELGRADE, Aug. lO.-King Peter's
children. Crown Prince George. Princess
Helena and Prince Alexander, arrived
here to-day from St. Petersburg. The
King awaited their coming at the station.
The Premier welcomed the Crown Prince,
who expressed his delight at arriving on
the soil of his forefathers. The royal
party, subsequently attended a Te Deum
at the Cathedral.. ¦
Would Punish Assassination of Alex
ander and Draga by Military
and Social Boycott.
RUSSIA AND AUSTRIA SEND
SERVIAN OFFICERS HOME
AUBURN, Aug. 10.— Two of the con
victs arc believed to have got off at Lin
coln, on the Oregon road, last Saturday
night, and the officers are investigating.
The Sheriff's office here received word
this morning to the effect that Fahey and
Miller had been seen in the vicinity of
Rocklln. The information came from
William Taylor, who claims ta know Fa
hey personally. Under Sheriff. May and
Jailer Fulton were out Sunday in the vi
cinity of Loomis,- where Seavis said he
had hid his rifle in the brusu. The offi
cers believe Seavis was honest In his as
sertions that he hid his rifle In the brush,
but think he was mistaken in the plape of
hiding.
UNABLE TO FIND RIFLE.
Infernal Machine Explodes.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 10.— An In
fernal machine in the form of a box filled
with dynamite was sent from PhlHlpop
polis to Uskub, timed to explode at the
latter place the. moment that two passen
ger trains coming from and going to Sa
lonica were due to pass . through. Fortu
nately the train upon which the machine
was sent w%s detained at the frontier de
pot at Zlbiviche, where it exploded to
night, damaging the station but injuring
no one.
Macedonians Are Concentrating.
LONDON, Aug. 10.— A news agency dis
patch from Constantinople says the Mace
donian insurgents are concentrating be
tween Prillp andDlbra for the purpose
of intercepting the Turkish reinforcements
from old Servia.
Soldiers Are Kept Busy.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 10.— Soldiers at
Camp Dickinson and Camp Stone to-day
began real work. There was battalion
drill this morning and this afternoon
dress parade guards paced their beats in
regulation military fashion. Every visitor
is required to take off his hat to the 'flag
that floats in front of the headquarters.
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. Aug. 10.—
Brutally rawhlded by men who took turns
at raising great welts on his naked flesh
with horsewhips, then rolled In beds of
tar weed .which filled his body full of
countless prickles and finally sent on the
run out of camp to the tune of rifle balls,
a harvest nand named Ray appeared
here this mornlns. weak and angry. He
tells a cruel story. Hla fellow hands,
he says, accused him of attacking the
threshing outfit cook, pulled , him from
bed, "trussed" him to a header box wagon
for the whipping and otherwise misused
him. He did not adhere to his original
Intention of having the gang arrested.
but has sought work elsewhere.
THRESHING OUTFIT CREW
MISUSE A HARVEST HAND
According to previous reports, the trop
ical worm disease has attacked 20,000
Westphalian miners. The Government
commission investigating the disease re
ported that only those miners who rarely
see the sunlight are afflicted. The dis
ease is fatal.
. BERLIN, Aug. 10.— The Government's
efforts to check the tropical worm disease
among the mine operatives In the Essen
district has proved unsuccessful. The lat
est reports indicate that the disease is
spreading. Its presence has Just been dis
covered in the colonies of Pranziska and
Bergmann, in the middle of the Ruhr
region, which hitherto has been exempt
from the disease.
Effort to Eradicate Tropical Ailment
in Essen District Declared
."V Failure.
FATA^, WORM DISEASE
CANNOT BE CHECKED
That such means employed by . the , respond
ent have done and arts doing great and 1 Irre
parable Injury to complainant, and a perpet
ual injunction Is asked for, , enjoining the re
spondent or his agents from telling cigars
under the name of "Sanchez" or any other
name similar. In sound or appearance.
. Affidavits are made by many leading whole
sale as well as retail dealers, all engaged in
the cigar and tobacco trado here, each of whom
states that < he -has carefully examined the
brands and trademarks of the "Sanchez y
Haya" cigars and compared them with thoa»
of ."Li. Banchez y Ca." and considers that the
latter are well calculated to deceive the or
dinary purchaser of the genuine "Sanchez y
Haya" "cigar.
That the respondent, II. Rinaldo. with Intent
to deceive, and to deprive the complainant of
its just rights, has knowingly and willfully of
fered and sold since the beginning of April
last, and continues to sell spurious cigars In
imitation of those of the complainant, and
bearing counterfeit brands and labels In imita
tion of theirs.
That in the year 18b7 the original firm adopt
ed and their successors, the complainants, have
continued to use designs, labels, trademarks
and trade names so that their cigars might
be readily distinguished from all others.
That said brands ani labels -were duly regis
tered by Sanchez y Haya In the year 1S7S In
the United States Patent Office and registered
:n the year 1696 in compliance with the laws.
Thar by reason of their long experience In
the manufacture of cigars, of the good quality
of their product and the extensive advertise
ment thereof the Sanchez & Haya cigars have
become widely known and have acquired a high
reputation throughout the United States and
elsewhere, and are commonly designated as the
"Sanchez" cigars. .
The Sanchez y Haya Co., a Florid* corpora
tion, have taken action by causing to be filed
In the United States Circuit Court here a bill
of complaint against H. Rinaldo of this city.
wholesale distributer of La Flor de Sanchez
cigars, requiring him to appear and show
cause .why he and his agents should not b«
perpetually enjoined from offering these goods
In the manner they are presently doing, and
asking for a temporary injunction pending the
decision of the suit.
The complaint, covering some 25 typewritten
folios, sets forth the Incorporation of Sanchez
& Haya Co. in the year 1S95 under the laws
of the State of Florida.
The confusion and dissatisfaction that have
been created in this market by the Introduc
tion, under a similar brand, of a substitute for
the famous and popular clear 'Havana clgara
of Sanches & Haya have at last culminated in
the submission of the matter to the courts.
TEMPORARY INJUNCTION
SOUGHT.
Sanchez & Haya Bring Suit Against
H. Rinaldo & Co. for Substitution
1/ of "L. Sanchez" Cigars.
MORE SUBSTITUTION IN CIGABS.
Undertaker's Assistant
Commits Suicide at
San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 10.— Garfield Mayden,
who was better known here as Billy
Woods, committed suicide early this
morning by swallowing carbolic acid.
Mayden had been employed by Whltson
& Co. for about a year, having come here
from Northern California. He disappear
ed from his place of employment nearly
a week ago and was not seen until short
ly after midnight last night.' when he
approached the watchman at the flre de
partment engrlne-house on the plaza and
handed him a letter. Mayden then cross
ed the street. The fireman, after he had
'glanced at the letter, followed Mayden
and found him lust arter he had swal
lowed carbouc acid. Four physicians were
called, but they were unable to save May
den's life. ' •
Mayden, or Wood*, is believed to have
a brother J. T. Mayden, in Sacramento.
One of Butte Escapes Caught.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 10.— James Martin,
one of the six prisoners who broke from
the County Jail last night, was captured
thirteen miles back in the mountains to
day. Martin is under sentence of death.
Macedonian Delegates State Their
Grievances Against Turkey.
SOFIA, Aug. 10.— The delegates here of
the Macedonian committee have . ad
dressed the following appeal to ea£h of
the representatives of the Powers:
Your Excellency— The delegates of the Mace
donian committee have the honor to bring to
your notice the following resolutions, with the
request that you communicate them to your
Government:
The Mussulmans', systematic persecution has
compelled the Christians In Macedonia and
the vilayet of Adrianople to institute a gen
eral rising. They have had recourse to thla
extreme measure . after exhausting, all pacific
means to secure the Intervention of Europe
to enforce the provisions of the Berlin treaty.
At the present moment intervention is the
only means of remedying the evil and stop
ping bloodshed. The sporadic efforts of the
powers to secure reforms have failed; they
have resulted merely in a recrudescence of
Turkish fanaticism and greater oppression.
It is evident that reform measures, to be ef
ficacious, must Include .the appointment of a
Christian Governor General of Macedonia —
some one who has never held office under the
Porte, and who must be' Independent of the
Turkish Government in the exercise of- his
functions— and the further appointment by the
powers ef a Joint permanent administrative
board, with full power to deal with *ny dis
turbance.
Having published the foregoing facts to the
civilized world and made known the causes
which have driven the Macedonians to despair,
the committee for the Macedonians now In
arms proposes to continue the fight until the
object of their uprising has been attained. >
For the committee;
TATARTCHEFF,
- CHRISTO,
MATOFF.
APPEAL TO THE POWERS.
CARBOLIC ACID
ENDS HIS LIFE
Dear Mr. President: Acting In accordance
with the suggestion made by the Secretary to
the President. I yesterday telegraphed you my
approval of the communication you have seen
fit to address to me under date of August 6. In
doing this I proceeded on the well warranted
belief that the commendation you have so gen
erously accorded to my official acts was only
incidental - to the broader purpoce of your ad
mirable letter. ' which Is a moving appeal to
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Aug. lO.-Gov
ernor Durbin to-day sent a formal reply
to the letter ' from President Roosevelt
concerning the recent mob at Evansville:
Governor Durbin says:
Governor Durbin Sends Formal An
swer to President's Letter.
replies to roosevelt!
1« — _« — ., . — ... .... — «- v
the conscience and the patriotism, destined. In
my opinion, to profoundly affect public senti
ment on a vitally Important national problem.
The effect of such an appeal from suuh a
source is certain to be salutary In its wide
spread Influences. 'In this Instance, as In other
emergencies, you have spoken with the cour
age of conviction, with the eloquence of earn
estness and under the inspiration of the clear
understanding of and devotion to the duties
and responsibilities of American citizenship.
_J' feel that you have struck the keynote of a
national neceenlty when you say that all pub
lic men, all writers of th£ press, all clergymen,
all , teachers, all who have a right 'to address
the people should with energy Unite to sup
press such crimes and support those engaged
in putting them down and declare the corelated
dectrine that we must show that ths law is ade
quate to deal with crime by freeing it from
evpry vestige of technicality and delay.
Your stirring words will serve to press home
upon the people a responsibility which, reaching
beyond all those In authority Is, after all, es
sentially their own. To arouee the realiza
tion of that responsibility and all that it im
.plles will be to entirely eradicate oonditions
which otherwise may become soon, as you point
out so cleverly, tin ¦ Imminent menace to the
vry life of tl>« republic. . ,
GKORGIA'S GOVERNOR. WHO
INDORSES PRESIDENT'S AN
TI-LYNCH1NG SENTIMENTS.
The elopers were traced to the town ot
Gares, where they were endeavoring to
stow away the seventeen youngsters and
themselves in a three-room cottage. They
were brought to this city and lodged, in
jail.
Kingsley never -suspected anything
wrong until an elopement occurred last
night. The loss of his wife 1 was bad, but
the quietness that reigned throughout his
once noisy 'homo when it was occupied
by seventeen little Klngsleys was more
than he could stand. ¦
ROCHESTER. N. \\. Aug. 10,-Joseph
Bauer is fond if children, and. although
a widower with three boys of his own, he
felt lonesome. Mrs. Louise Klngsley, wire
of George T. Kingsley. a piano fin
isher, possesses a family, of seventeen
hale and hearty youngsters. Bauer fell
violently in love with Mrs. Kingsley, who
is short, fat and 50i'and her flock at first
sight. '4" t' " ?*
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Seventeen Children Go
With a Runaway
Couple..
On the Nogales branch a hundred foot
bridge at Patagonia was -washed away
Sunday night and k long bridge at Hua
chuca Siding on the same line was burned
so that tranic has been blocked for forty
eight -hours and passengers are being
carried to Nogales from Tucson by stage.
On the El Paso Southwestern road traf
fic has been blocked by the washout of
an important bridge at Lewis Springs. On
the Southern Pacific a cloudburst washed
out a long stretch of track west of Red
Rock and through trains were delayed
for hours. Passengers on the Crescent
City express were without food until the
arrival of the Sunset Limited, carrying a
dining-car.
The Southern Pacific expects to have
the bridges rebuilt and trains running on
the Nogales branch by Wednesday. The
main line opened' this afternoon and the
delayed trains, which had been annulled,
were continued as extras. The rains
which have continued during the past few
days have been the heaviest and most
general of the season.
The Sonora Railroad and the Nogale3
branch of the Southern Pacific are the
greatest sufferers and traffic has not yet
been resumed on these lines. Half a mile
of track at Morena, near Ortiz Station,
on the Sonora Railroad, was swept away
by the storm and special work trains had
to be sent out from both Hermosillo
and Guaymas carrying men and material
•with which to rebuild that stretcn of the
line.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 10.— A severe
storm swept over Southern Arizona and
Sonora yesterday and last night. Rain
fell in torrents and in some places the
skies fairly opened and poured torrents
of water over the mountains and plains.
Railroad traffic on all lines was paralyzed
by the storm and cloudbursts washed
away long sections of track and bridges.
All through trains over the Southern Pa
cific were deldyed from twelve to twenty
four hours and' on other lines trains were
delayed at small stations, where some of
them yet remain waiting for the track
to be repaired or bridges to be rebuilt.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
To the correspondent of The Call Keck
showed letters to prove that Llttauer had
sent him at least one check as a reward
for "fixing" his bid for a lot of gloves at
a figure that would not interfere with
the bid made by William Top, whose fac
tory here was practically owned by Llt
tauer.
- Previous to 1836, when Llttauer was first
sent to Washington as Representative in
Congress, Xeck had been a contractor,
dealing with the Government with more
than fair success. In ten years he had
had twenty-five contracts for supplying
gloves and caps for the army, every ona
of the contracts having been obtained
after an open competition and an award
ing to the lowest bidder. Since 1S96 he
ha3 had only three minor contracts,
though on several occasions he has sub
mitted bids lower than those of his com
petitors. He charges that favoritism has
been shown, and though It is Impossible to
prove that it was done at the suggestion
of Littauer, the contracts have been
awarded to men who are little more than
Littauer's dummies, at figures above
those sbumitted by other bidders. Ha
gives dates to proye what he says and he
gives figures.
Keck charged .Llttauer with having con
spired with himself and others to keep
the price of gloves for the army at an
unnecessarily high figure. So far as it
was possible. Keck supplied proof of his
allegations and said that he would make
affidavits. He hopes that the investiga
tion which has been ordered by President
Roosevelt into contracts in which Lit
tauer is believed to have had an Interest
will be thorough and he bas given the
names of various manufacturers ot gloves
and others, who, be says, can give in
formation that will be of value if the in
vestigation is not for "whitewashing"
purposes.
JOHNSTOWN, N. T., Aug. 10.— In the
most direct manner possible, Timothy
Keck, a prominent citizen and well
known manufacturer of this place, to
day charged L. N. Llttauer, Representa
tive in Congress from this district, with
having had an interest in various con
tracts obtained from the Government.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
The fish hatchery has been doing an
immense business this year and only
recently 300,000 young trout were planted
in Mendoclno County Btreams. Of these
73.000 were placed In Reeves Mill Creek
this week. There are countless thousands
of young trout ready for transplanting
and they are being sent out as fast as
possible. water in the streams of
Mendocino~ County Is unusually low for
this season of the year, which is a dis
advantage in the placing of young fish.
- UKIAH, Aug. 10.— For- some time past
there has been a strange species of
fish noticed ; In a pool near the fish
hatchery here. One of the same was
gigged recently with a common
hay fork and thrown from the spring
which is the source of the pool. The
specimen was taken to Colonel LaMotte,
at the hatchery, who Is regarded as an
authority on things pertaining to species
of fish. He at once pronounced it an
Austrian mirror carp. This is one of the
most toothsome fish known, but tho man
ner in which they came to be planted in
this spring is not known. Old settlers
have known of this fish being in the
spring for many years, but did not give
'it '"sufficient thought' to ascertain its
species. In color it is golden, has a
decidedly pretty contour and is almost
without scales. The few scales possessed
by the fish are a dark golden color, mak
ing a decided contrast with tho lighter
hue of its body. Colonel LaMotte in
tends to make an investigation and de
termine if possible the manner in which
the species came to be transulanted in
that vicinity.
It is interesting in this connection to -note
that the numerous lynchlnKs In the North ami
Northwest of late have brought forth such an
expression from the President, while the num
ber of them In the South has been so few
within the same -period as to attract little or
no attention.
« TLANTA, Ga.. Aug. 10. —Governor
y\ Terrell to-day indorsed the con-
J—i \ tents . , of President Roosevelt's
" letter to Governor Durbin of In
diana in regard to the recent ac
tion of Governor Durbin to prevent lynch
ing* in that State. Governor Terrell gave
the following signed statement to the As
sociated Press:
I think President Roos*v»lt is on the rijrht
line, and I am in h<»arty accord with the views
h» pxprespei. The majesty of the law should
be and fhall be upheld, but at the same time
there should be a prompt and epeedy trial of
the offenders in that crime which frequently
excites the ancer of mob? and leads to lynch
ing*, and the r>uni*hment should not be de
layed by technicalities.
No law however *trfctly enforced will ab
solutely stop lynchings for rape, but Fpee«ly
trials tend to lessen the number and' practi
cally perve as a preventive of lynchings for
ether offenses. -- .
Toothsome Variety of
Pish Discovered Near
the Hatchery.
Direct Accusation of
Fraud Against the
Congressman.
Railroad TraflSc on All
the Lines Is Badly
Crippled.
AUSTIN CARP
IN MENDOCINO
LITTAUER PAYS
FOR FIXING BIDS
SEVERE STORM
SWEEPS ARIZONA
ELOPERS TAKES
ENTIRE FAMILY
HONOLULU. Aug. 10.— The Supreme
Court to-day rendered its decision in tRc
disbarment proceedings instituted against
prominent attorneys by Attorney General
Andrews. The court disbars ex-Circuit
Judge A. S. Humphreys and Georgo A.
Davis. Frank Thompson is suspended
from practicing for one year. Attorney J.
A. .Magoon is exonerated. Justice Gal
braith rendered a dissenting opinion in all
of the cases. The court holds that
Humphreys is guilty of attempting to in
duce Magoon to betray. his client,; Sum
ner, and also of opposing his ex-clterit,
Sumner. Thompson is found puilty of op
posing his ex-client. Davis i3 found
guilty of , abusing a legal process. It
was alleged that he forced the aged Sum
.ner to pay him an exorbitant fee through
intimidation.* Justice Galbraith says, that,
Davis and Thompson aie deservitij; of
lighter punishment and that Magoon,, on
the charge of collecting an exorbitant
fee. is deserving of some punishment.!
- The disbarment proceedings grew but
of the case of John Sumner, an aged cap
italist, who was obliged to defend himself
against the attacks -of relatives who/al
leged that he was ; mentally Incompetent
and unable to handle his property. Mfiny
attorneys w^re engaged In the, case and
some of the lawyers, after defending gum
n*r in one proceeding, opposed him at
subsequent stages of legal action. *ffhe
fees collected from th,e weak old' man
became a public scandal and Humphreys
and Davis were denounced from the Cir
cuit Court bench. For a few months of
litigation Sumner paid out $50,000 in law
yers' feos< . , ¦ ' ,:.-¦ - :
Ex-Circuit Judge Humphreys
Loses His Right to
Practice Law.
Decision Bezidered'From
" Supreme Bench at
Honolulu.
COURT DISBARS
TWO ATTORNEYS
. ROM£, Aug. 10.— The names of the men
who attempted to assassinate M. Combes
A he French "Premier, at Marseilles yester
day, seeming- to be Italian, the author
ities here -looked up their list of Italian
.anarchists anfl verified them. Many mes
eagea of congratulation were thereupon
*ent tp-M. Combos, including one of- an
warm character from the
Foreigjl Minister,' Vice Admiral Morin
¦Berne Authorities Look Up the Kec
',: ord> of the Would-Be
-i . -.„•> Murderers.
ASSAILANTS OF COMBES
•'•ABE ITALIAN ANARCHISTS
BERLIN. Aug. 10.— An agitation in fa
vor of o-'Ceneral strike is making head
way amors the coal miners in the Essen
district . At, a large meeting of. miners
held.arStockura. near W'itten, Herr Nue
the recently elected Socialistic member of
the Reichstag, said the strike must begin
within, a few weeks unless the chief de
mands ef the miners are satisfied.
5 Essen Miners May Strike.
MANILA. Aug. 10.— David P. Barrows,
chief of the.JBure^u of non-Christian tribes,
has "been appointed successor to General
Superintendent Bryan of the Bureau of
Public Instruction, who has resigned the
position on account of illness. The new
superintendent is a native of the State of
Illinois. He was appointed to the bureau
which he has Just vacated In September.
Succeeds Bryan at Manila.
MANILA. Aug. 10. -The Filipino, Span
ish and International Chambers of Com
merce are strongly opposed to the pro
posed bill regulating" the classification and
pressing of hemp. They now urge the re
moval of the majority, of the restrictions
which would be placed upon the export
trade by the bill under . consideration,
while opposing the proposed reduction of
the fine of $1000. the present penalty for
the fraudulent packing of hemp, to 11 per
bale., • - .
To Foster Hemp Industry.
Thp Constandinidis* divorce suit raised
the question tit the legality of Dakota di
vorces tri England. The husband charged
his wife with bigamously marrying Dr.
liinco, t"he famous physician. Mr. Con
tfandihkil secured a. divorce from his first
.wife in 1S37. John Lawson Walton, coun-
for. the petitioner, explained the sub
sequent proceedings as follows:
.' "This deiicately nurtured lady of Bel-
STa\ia went to a wild district of the
earth, emigrated to the half-settled State
of Dakota, became an American citizen,
stayed £ix months there, fraudulently ob
tained a so-called divorce, and married
the co-respondent there, thus using the
iax Dakota laws for her own purpose."
The jury. July 25, found against the re
spondent and co-respondent and awarded
5125.000 damages against Dr. Lanco. It
also found the petitioner guilty on a
counter charge.
LONDON. Aug. in.— Sir Francis Jeune,
president of the Divorce Court, to-day
granted D. S. Constandinidi a divorce
from his wife, a daughter of Stephen
Ralli, a member of the firm of Ralll
Bros., on the ground that Mrs. Constan
•rtinidi's conduct led to the misconduct of
her h'usband.
British Jurist Does Not
Recognize Dakota
. Divorce.
FAULTS OF WIFE
EXCUSE HUSBAND
His eld Venetian frteods agree that the
Pope' looks ten years older than he did
before his e'.ectioa. -but that his affable
and Eiirule manner ha? not changed.
The Pontiff allowed all of the mem
bers of the delegation to kiss his hand
snd called by name those whom he knew,
ju^J as he baa when he met them for
merly In Venice. He said to them:
I. am. a poor mortal, too weak for tfc» heavy
c-css which GcvJ fca? givpn ot But his will
!>• 6m*. 1 will carry it a* best I can and you
nurt all rnv to car Ix>r>i to give me th*
IX3NDON. Aug. 11.— The ¦ Chronicle* 6
Home correspondent says this morning
fhat «n authority which is frequently -well
Informed asserts that Cardinal Sebastlno
M4rtlneUJ Trill be appointed papal secre
tary ct stat*>-
BOME, Aug. 19.— To-day being St. Law
rence day, the name day of Abbe I»
reiizo Perrosso. the director of the Sistine
Choir and * close friend and protece of
EiUS X the Pope sent him his personal
gr^etirgs. accompanied by an autograph
nore congratulating him on the music
Sivrn by the Sistine Choir durinc yes
terday's coronation ceremony, most of
which vras composed by the abbe.
Pius X had another fatiguing day, a?
he received all of the delegations which
Kad coin* to Rome to attend the coro
nation ceremonies. He accorded a lengthy
to about thirty persons from
Venice, receiving them In the Clementine
Hall. ' ..
Pius X Fasses a Fatiguing
Day in Reception of
Delegations.
Cardinal May Be Given
Post as Secretary
of State.
PAPAL PORTFOLIO
FOR MARTINELLI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ITJE SD AY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
Governor Terrell of Georgia Indorses Contents of Roose
velt's Letter to Indiana's Chief Executive, but Thinks No
Law Can Stop Summary Punishment of Infamous Crimes
SAYS LYNGHINGS IN NORTH
PROMPTED THE PRESIDENT
2
, ., Instructions for. framing ,
"THE OLD ARMX QHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
* .ART .SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish* brown* arid burnished, gold^
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO PAY.
Your druggist' will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm. Tetter
Old Ulcers and Sores, Pimples and Blackheads
on the face, and all skin diseases. 60 cents. •
' f> {._':^_l _* ';';[._ ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ .-£,7'. -' ' ' ':. Pl new/
¦0: For Next to Nothing.
_..T WO carloads of pianos in' a railroad wreck; damage to case only.
Kailroad claim of 50 per cent allowed on the entire «amount. This makes
KZ**** ?30o piano cost only $150, and first callers will get first and best
choicetof these instruments, which, are scarcely damaged in any way. This
iS9ti opportunity ypu- cannot afford to put off, as the best bargains will
go'^jrst.^ There are some pianos badly damaged, but these will not be put
on .sale, until they arc thoroughly repaired.
Pianos' "rented from $2.00 up with privilege of allowing the rent to ap-
ply-on purcba&c- price. ; Installments $4.00 up. Cash discount on all pur-'
jchfltts if paid. lor in two years. ' Great bargains in piano players. »
-•Jlcinc-Piano Cov Heine Hall, 2JS-237 Geary street, phone Main 5744.
Largest wholesale and retail exclusive piano establishment on the coast.
¦ • \ . ADVERTTSETlirKNTa.
CHOICEST imported
hops, carefully selected
1 r i f--"r • •/• 11
barley, scietitmcially
perfect malting, that's
Always pure — pleas*
ing —palatable.
* Orders filled by
I 1 am,, 1 Thftm9e W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149-Many alO-cent dog has been stolen for
its! $10 collar.' . \
NEW; YORK. Aug. : 10.— The entry list
for the thirty-first annual regatta of the
New York Association of Amateur Oars
men, to be held. on Lake Quinslgamond,
Worcester, Mass., August 14 and 15. has
been issued., A. .WV Pape will represent
San Francisco in the association single
sculls. \_
Pane . to Row at Worcester.
: SAN JOSE, Aug. 10.— Preparations have
began for the entertainment of the hosts
of\.\lsiting Grand -Army men on Santa
Clara County day, August 22." Fifteen
hundred dollars is to '• be raised ' to .defray
the expenses. A lunch will be served In
St, James : Park "and the . visitors will be
taken for arlde about the .'city. , Excur
sions are i to be >un from San Francisco
and Oakland and about 5000 are
expected.'^ There, will be music In the park
and short' addresses. ; A special invitation
will be .'extended General Miles to "„ visit
ain Jose. .
San -Jose Preparing a JVelcome.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Aug. 10.— As a result
of a neighborhood feud • William Cooper
and. his son, James Cooper, are dead and
Samuel Barrett severely wounded. 'They
were farmers living near Oleta. Wood
ward County. The parties met at a pub
lic well, and in ' the altercation young
Cooper shot Barrett .in the head with a!
load of fine shot. Barrett then seized a
shotgun. and killed both the Coopers. The
slayer. is *ln- jail at/Woodward.
Kills His Two Assailants.
One of the other . hold-ups occurred
Wednesday night at Lombard and Stock
ton streets and the victim was relieved
of several dollars In money and a watch.
The following night another man wa3
robbed at Montgomery avenue and Broad
way. Both of these latter hold-ups were
committed by two men apd the descrip
tion given by their victims tallies with
that furnished of his assailants by True
worthy. One is said to be a large, heavy
eet man with a slouch hat, with a hag
gard face 'and close-cropped- hair. The
other is said to be smaller, wearing a
derby hat and a small dark mustache
and who looks like an opium fiend.
After the second robbery was reported
Captain Martin concluded that the per
petrators might have been Gordon and
some companion and accordingly the
three watches of patrolmen were notified
to keep a sharp outlook for men answer
ing the descriptions given. Since the
robbery of Trueworthy extra precautions
have been taken and four detectives are
engaged in endeavoring to apprehend the
footpad*. It appears altogether likely
thet Gordon has sought refuge in this
city, which would prove his best hiding
place if he managed to reach here In
safety. If he be concealed here, it Is
likely that his desire for opium . would
stimulate him to the commission of just
such crimes as these to obtain mone" for
the purchase of the drug. ,
Three hold-ups have occurred within
the last week on the North Beach dis
trict and the police department Is con
siderably exercised over them, believing
that there Is a possibility that the per
petrators are "Red Shirt" Gordon, one
of the escaped Folsom convicts, and a
companion with whom he has sought
refuge in this city.
The last robbery occurred Saturday
night, when Alonzo Trueworthy, proprie
tor of the Palace Baths at 715 Filbert
street, was halted by two men armed
with revolvers on Leavenworth street
near Union and $35 and a valuable gold
watch were taken from him. Trueworthy
had been at the Baths making up hid
accounts and started for his home at
1414 Green street about 11 o'clock. As he
turned into Leavenworth street he was
halted by, a command to hold up his
hands and found himself facing a brace
of revolvers In the hands of two men.
One of them kept him covered while the
other searched v him. When they had fin
ished they ordered him to proceed and
not to look back under penalty of death.
After he had gone half a block he turned,
but the robbers had disappeared. The
following day he reported the matter to
Captain of Detectives Martin.
North Beach Robberies Point to Con
vict's Presence.
GORDON MAY BE HERE.
BUDAPEST, Aug. 10.— Count Heder
vary to-day Informed the lower houaa
of the resignation of the Ministry and
announced that Emperor Francis Joseph
was coming to Hungary to form a new
Cabinet. Pending the formation of a
new Ministry the House adjourned.
Hungarian Ministry Resigns.
BOISE, Idaho, Aug. 10.— Word reached
here to-day that P. S. Bennett, a New
York capitalist, had been killed while go
ing into Thunder Mountain by the upset,
ting of a stage. Bennett was on his way
to vlsit ; mfning properties In the district
and w;as accompanied by Dr. R. M. Cra
mer and S.B.^Whlttler.of New York and
O. J. Gaige'of Philadelphia. The accident
occurred In an isolated district and de
tails have ' not -been received.
Killed by the Upsetting of a Stage
\ While Going ' to Thunder
. Mountain.
1{EW YORK CAPITALIST
PERISHES IN IDAHO
WASHINGTON, Aug. 10.— Driven from
his quarters ' at, the Quantico Club at
Wldewater, Va., by the criticisms ot
Truxtun Beale and other members of the
club, and taking exceptions to^hat they
declared was his monopoly orthe club
house. Professor Langley "of airship fame
has directed his chief assistant, Manly, in
charge of thejlying machine experiments
and the force under his command to move
to Clifton Beach, eight miles below Wide
water. Professor Langley hopes thereby
to get out of the reach of reporters and
conduct his experiments in absolute se
crecy. His new headquarters are eight
miles from a telegraph station. The news
paper men at Widewater have prepared to
follow him to Clifton Beach and continue
their vigil over hla operations. 'tv..
Would Conduct His Flying Machine
Experiments ¦ Where Reporters
Cannot Reach Him.
PROFESSOR LANGLEY MOVES
FORCE TO CLIFTON BEACH
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 10.— Thomas
Turnbow. who was shot Sunday rqornln*
at Garfleld, Wash., by J. E. Brown, un
derwent a surgical operation here this
morning. The bullet was found pressing
against the spinal column. Turnbow will
probably recover. Brown Is In Jail at Col
fax. -Some talk of lynching was heard
at first, but no trouble is expected at
present.
Prisoner Will Not Be Molested.
' The man who' had overheard the con
versation -reported : the matter, to the
police and nil freight yards and. cars were
searched ': by '/ officers .and all • trains
watched.'. One or-; two suspects were taken
into custody, ¦ but no known fugitive from
Justice was captured." ; The police aro still
closely watching a\li incoming trains and
all ,: camps -of hoboes are visited - several
times .daily >by plain clothes v men. .
LOS ANGELES,. Aug. 10.— Believing
that convict ( Howard had made his way
to this city after the capture at Davls
ville of his- partner Roberts, every train
and electric car which has left this city
since yesterday morning has been
searched. by officers. This activity by the
police; and .detectives was caused , by a
report j made to them by a citizen who
stated that while'. he was' in a pool room
two- men ¦ entered an adjoining compart
ment. He heard them talking about some
fugitive' and one said the man about
whom they were talking had ju3t reached
Lcs Angeles in a box car after two days'
travel' without ! food ? or water. ; They in
dicated by their conversation that they
intended ' to get : the man to ¦ some can
yon on the first' car which left the -city
that morning, saying that once 4n /the
canyon; he' could be- safely hidden until
means 'could* be Jtound of getting him
out of the country. They did not men
tion .the name ;'ofi the fugitive "and. soon
left the' place. 1 ¦.
Los Angeles Police Believe Escaped
' Convict Is' in Their City. .' ¦
SEARCHING FOR HOWARD.
The- following additional contributions
to the encampment fund were received
yesterday:
A. P. Hotallng & Co.. $100; G H. Luch
slnKer. $25.- Harry Creswell, $20; John Sroufe
& Co.. $20;. Sing Fat Company (additional),
$20; Puritan Restaurant, $25; Indianapolis
Furniture Company. $25; Sweet & Loop, $10;
Consumers*. Ice Company. $10; George S. Crlm,
$10; Sanger Lumber Company, 550; Albion
Lumber «1ompany. S50; Pacific Lumber Com
pany. $50;. F. A. Hyde. $25; T. H. - Collins,
$25; Collateral Bank of San Francisco. $25;
George D. Gray.- $25; Thomas Pollard $25; Bay
Reception- to the G. A. R. by the Span
ish-American War will be held
during all of the encampment week and
active measures have been taken by. the
younger veterans to make this a, great
success, i
• Camp Reinhold Richter No. 127. Span
ish-American War Veterans, will parade
in a body as part escort to the G..A. R.
on August 18, and a uniform drill corps
is now being organized for that purpose.
Each member of the dorps will wear a
khaki suit and campaign hat "and leg
gings. . . .
New Montgomery street. Colonel S. T>.
Thurston, acting chairman of the com
mittee of registration and information,
requests the comrades already in this
city to register, so that the bureau may
be free to attend to the crowd when the
rush sets in. The. committee also desires
to' have comrades of the Spanish-Ameri
can War Veterans and Sons of Veterans
who have volunteered their services to
report at once at headquarters so that
they may. be assigned to duty. The loca
tion is .convenient, within half a block
of Market street, adjacent to the prin
cipal hotels and close to the business
center. .
; The Sheriff: and Deputy Jack Winters
will take Convict .Roberts to . Folsom
prison to-morrow. Roberts; beyond- ex
pressing himself -as- well-. satisfied with
the record he has made, has little to say.
and pompously disclaims ' his Intention- to
confide in newspaper reporters. »
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 10.— Quiet per
vades the offices. of. the Sheriff. and Chief
of Police to-night and the escaped con
victs seemed farther' away than ever.
Sheriff Reeae said* to The Call correspond
ent to-night that he could see nothing to
do but await developments.' The Sheriff
has personally engaged In the hunt for
the past two weeks, having relaxed only
one day from. the task. He said
he had placed much faith! in the story
which reached him last night that two
of the convicts. Fahey and Davis; had
been seen at Sailor Bar, above Fair Oaks,
but the most vigorous search had failed
to locate the suspects. . Sheriff Reese said
that merely beating, the brush will' not
locate the men, for, : as he expressed.it,
there is enough brush within a mile of
Sacramento to shelter all the convicts in
the State. Word was received to-night of
a visit to Meister's dairy, near the road
leading to the American River bridge,. of
two suspects, 'who •¦had'* called .'for/ milk
and then appeared to be waiting for an
outgoing train. ' Deputies j Sheriff Edward
Reese, Wittenbrock and Detective Fisher—
the latter detailed by Chief of Police Sul
livan—went - out in • search - of these ¦ sus
pects, but up to a late hour to-night'they
had not discovered them.
CONVICTS DISAPPEAR.
Sacramento Sheriff Unable to Locate
Fahey or Miller.
Major S. J. Loop, chairman of the com
mittee on veterans of the Mexican War,
announces that permanent headquarters
for the -organization have been estab-
Thousands of visitors are on their way
to San Francisco and the prairies of the
Middle West, the canyons and mountain
passes of the Rockies and the fertile val
leys of the Pacific Slope are traversed
by trains puffing their way to this city,
the Mecca. of the veterans.
TO MAKE VETERANS HAPPY.
Throughout the bay cities there Is the
stir of preparation and everywhere com
mittees of citizens and coteries of the
G. A. R. are devising plans to make the
sojourn of the veterans one of the pleas
antest memories of, their lives.
Many veterans and other visitors from
the East are already In the city and the
hint Is given that the exercised at the
pavilion this evening will afford them
special pleasure. . .
Money derived from the sale of tickets
will go into the Grand Army fund to as
elst in defraying thejsxpenses of the en
campment.
Twenty-eight wrestlers will appear, un
der the direction of Professor George S.
Miehling: twenty-four boxers will battle,
under the direction of Professor Van
Court, and Professor Robert Lenndo will
have charge of a force of thirty acrobats.
The Tatter will go through all kinds of
gymnastics.
A notable feature of the entertainment
will be the appearance of Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Fitzsimmons. Mrs. Fitzsimrr.ons
will sing. This marks her first public ap
pearance in San Francisco. "Bob" ritz
simmons will box three rounds with
George Dawson.
The sale of seats for the affair has
been very large. The club members will
turn out In large numbers and the fund
will be greatly benefited by the attend
ance.
VOCALISTS of renown and -famous
athletes will appear at the Me
chanics* Pavilion this evening. It
is the talk at the Olympic Club,
under whose auspices many de
lightful entertainments have been given,
that the concert to-night will be. one of
the most - attractive performances ever
given in San Francisco.
Tickets in great numbers have been
sold, but as the auditorium of the pavilion
is large c vast audience can be accom
modated.
The club will send put its best athletes
to perform for the edification of the
spectators. There will be a chorus of
more than 200 voices, under the leadership
of Professors Wallace A. Sabin- and W.
B. Stadtfeld. The Third Artillery band
of the Presidio will render patriotic music
during the evening. After the regular
entertainment there will be a promenade
concert.
¦Several trains by way of. this~ route are
scheduled to arrive here to-day, among
them "one from Iowa and .another, from
Pittsburg, but the. railroad officials are
not confident that they will reach here
on the.- originally, arranged time. The
trains coming by way of the Rio Grande
system 1 Include about 130 carloads or about
500) persons. Thousands will of course
come on the regular trains and no efforts
will' be. made by the railroad. company to
keep track of them, this duty being left
to-cthft local Grand Army committee of re
ception. _~
So far the Southern Pacific has been-ad
vised of the coming of about seventy-five
special trains, of «whlch forty- four will be
turned over to the company by the Rio
Grande system at Ogden. About sixteen
trains will come through under the super
vision of-the Union Pacific and the others
will come -by way of the Sunset route or
be turned over by the Santa Fe road at
some point near Los Angeles. In fact the
latter' road will not have many through
specials, the majority of its Grand Army
traffic, being booked on the western trip
to San Francisco by way of Los Angeles.
It is with considerable effort that the
passenger department of the Southern
Pacific is gaining correct Information re
garding the west-bound trains. In fact
the only direct information that it has as
yet received is concerning the trains com
ing by, way of the Denver and Rio Grande
road. According to the reports made by
that company the greater number of its
special ..trains will be delivered to the
Southern Pacific . Company at Ogden on
August 12, 13, 14 and 15, and will be hur
ried along as fast as possible, arriving: in
this city on the 14th, 15. 16th and 17th. A
number of. the excursion parties have ar
ranged to • stop over In Salt Lake long
enough to see the sights of the Mormon
city, rfnd this will delay their arrival here.
According to the schedule of the Rio
Grande-system the trains to, be handled
over its lines wlll'arrive in San Francisco
on the days given below, about thirty-six
hours after arriving in Ogden:
, Wednesday, (to-morrow)-— Columbus party, 2
cars. 4:"5 v- »n. Y
Thursday— Missouri Valley.
Friday — First Iowa party. New Hampshire
(Concord).' Wolcott Post. Milwaukee.
Saturday— First Illinois party (Chicago), «ec
ond Iowa, Cleveland, second Ohio (Lima), sec
ond Illinois ¦ (Aurora), Hoffman (St. LouU;,
Minneapolis, Kirmlnjrham, Toledo.
- Sunday — Indianapolis., New Haven, New
York First Michigan" (Detroit). Ftrst Massa
chusettt (Boston), Montpeller. second Michi
gan third lown, St. Paul. Washington,- To
peka, v Ransotne Post (St. .Louis), Denver. Port
land (Maine). Massachusetts, G. A. . R. Club,
McLaughllnPosf <Mansfleld,'Ohlo).
• Monday— First Ohio (Salem).- Chicago, Lin
coln Post (Newark, N. J.). Newport, R. I.,
second Ohio (Oreenvllle). third Michigan (De
troit).. .., . " ' .;-"". ¦¦¦-.•;v^". ..
The officials of the passenger and oper
ating departments fit the Southern Pa
cific and Santa Fe 'companies are Lurry
ing to completion the arrangements for
handling the westward-bound Grand
Army Encampment traffic. The burden of
this task falls upon the Southern Pacific
officials, .for the majority of the visitors
from the East are coming by way of the
Central Pacific line and its tributaries,
mainly the Rio Grande system. >
Railroad Officials Gathering Data
Regarding Westbound Veterans.
HOW TRAINS WILL ARRIVE.
The general received many old friends
at the Auditorium Annex. He will be
joined to-day by Colonel H. A. Adams of
New York. • Among -the prominent - mem
bers of the general's staff during the re
bellion who are with the Miles party are
General Nathan Church, Major John D.
Black (Valley City, N. D.). General John
S. McEwen (Albany, N. Y.) and Major
Alexander J. Sweenev. #
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— General Miles, as
the guest of the Maryland delegates,
passed through Chicago this morning on
his way to the national encampment at
San Francisco.
Annapolis. 600 Bush street: Nebraska, Palace;
New. Hampshire.- Palace; New Jersey. Palace;
New York. Palace: North Dakota. Palace;
Ohio. Palace: Oklahoma. Langham; Oregon,
Occidental; Pennsylvania, Palace: Potomac,
Palace; Rhode Island. St Nicholas; South Da
kota Palace; Tennessee, Palace; Texas, Grand.
Utah. Grand; Vermont. Palace; Washington
and Alaska. Grand; West Virginia, Palace:
Wisconsin. Grand.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 10.— State Prison
Directors Wllkins and Felton appeared
before the Mann County Board of Super
visors this afternoon and asked that ths
county road between San Rafael and San
Quentin, known as the "Hill Road." b»
abandoned as a public highway and made
a private road.
"This," said Director Felton. addressing
the board, "will not only insure the resi
dents of Marin County from an outbreak
of the convicts, but will also materially
assist us in preventing ex-cenvlcts and
others from 'planting* opium where trus
ties can smuggle it Inside the walls. We
have plaps whereby It will be practically
impossible for any convict to escape from
San .Quentin and if we get the road asked
for our guards will have far greater Juris
diction and can stop the smuggling o"
contraband goods. We will build another
road for the county leading to San Quen
tin, but on a more circuitous route. Our
plan?, when consummated, will make Saa
Quentin one ot the finest penal Institu
tions in America. Folsora at the present
time is no more than a hotel or picnic
grounds, and 13 practically unprotected,
but our plans will also render that place
a prison to be admired and not ridiculed
as It Is to-day."
Director Wllkins to-night, in speaking
of the concession asked for to-day, said:
"Our beard has plans for a great many
changes in San Quentin. In order to carry
out ,our plans we will try to get a targa
appropriation from the next Legislature.
One of the greatest changes inside th«
walls will be the demolition of the larg*
brick building formerly use 1 as a furni
ture factory. We will erect in its stead a
lcrge number of cells. More watch tow
ers will be built and the scope of terri
tory for the guards to 'cover will be In
creased. We have had a great deal of
trouble with 'Hill Road.' Ex-convlcts
and others' unknown have bo*n continu
ally using that read as a means of smug
gling contraband goods into the prison.
We have found opium in large quantities
buried alongside > the road as well as re
volvers and dynamite at different time*.
Our guards, as It now stands, cannot
stop this cacheing. as they cannot molest
people on the public highway." *
The Board of Supervisors have signified
their intention of investigating the mat
ter. .
Strengthen San Quentin.
State Prison Directors Now Flan to
WANT TO CLOSE "HILL ROAD."
MAY ABANDON SEARCH.
The country through which the outlaws
and peace officers traveled is the wildest
in California. Progress is difficult for
With this story as a clew a posse pro
ceeded toward the summit this afternoon,
but the general feeling Is that further
pursuit would be useless. Tho profes
sional trailers who joined the 7ZI Dorado
County posse yesterday separated from
the peace officers and each other to-day
in order to pick up the tracks again.
W'yatt and Gignac took different courses
in the heavily timbered section to the
kft abd Co!bin turned to the right.
The convicts were headed due east at
last accounts. The last actual trace of
the outlaws was at the old Plummer
fhtep ranch, where Berue and Bowman
v ere held up and robbed Saturday. Many
of the posse are certain, however, that
the convicts had surely been tracked to
Devils Elide. Norman would enter this
I>lace with his men, as though the El
Dorado County man-hunters were positive
that the fugitives had taken that course.
The Amador County posse was well provi
sioned at the time and comparatively
fresh, but the Sheriff was inclined to
think the quarry was going to Silver Lake
and took that course himself after argu
ment.
The Placc-rvlile officials are puzzled at
Norman's conduct on the chase.
The man-hunters to-day obtained what
•was considered reliable information con
cerning the location of. the convicts yes
terday afternoon Sxora W. . J. Rhoades,
who is in the employ of Easton, Kldridge
& Co. at San Francisco. He is camping
in the mountains with several companions
a few miles west of Silver Lake. In con
versation with a Call representative to
day Rhoades said: "About 3 o'clock yes
terday afternoon I went to the door of
oar cabin and looking up the hillside
eaw a man Etep cautiously from behind
a big pine tree and take a survey of the
surrounding country. I thought he acted
suspiciously, particularly as lie did not
approach our cabin, which Is the only
one for miles around. People always stop
there in pushing through this region. I
went to the rear of the house and called
to my companions to come and take a
look at the stranger. When we returned
to the door he dodged out of fefght and
dfd nut appear again. The innj\ «ai
armed with a rifle, but I could not tell
much about him."
TRAILERS LEAVE POSSE.
The Amador County and El Dorado
County pcsFtS met and compared notes
to-day* and it was decided after ¦ lengthy
conference that Norman and his detach
ment of mountaineers should travel as
fi.st as possible by a short cut to Silver
LalieTwhich uiay be the objective point
of the fugitives, while Cook anl his men
will resume the chase at a slower pace.
C. E. Fcrrell, in charge of the blood
hounds, stated to-day that if the convicts
¦were r.ct located by to-morrow he should
advise that pursuit be abandoned.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 13.— Tho El Do
rado County posse, commanded by Gilbert
Cook, has practically abandoned pursuit
of the five convicts, who are hastening
toward the Nevada line. The peace offi
cers are nearly exhausted and the* trail
was becoming blind this afternoon. Sher
iff Norman of Aniador County and his
posse have gone to Silver Lake to head
off and arsbush the outlaws. The fugi
tives traveled faster than the pursuers
and their present whereabouts is again
only a matter of conjecture. Cook's
posse started out en a fresh trail yes
terday shortly after daylight and con
tinued the pursuit all day with little rest.
The convicts showed remarkable' ability
lo travel and steadily increased the dis
tance between themselves and the Sher
iff's deputies.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Convict Case, Who Is Known to Ba
CSick, Is Believed to Be Hid
ing In Vicinity of
Placeiville.
Deputies Are Disheartened
and the Pursuit May Be
Abandoned.
SAN JUAN. Pcrto Rico, Aug. lO.-The
people cf the island are alarmed over
the high southeast winds which are blow- '
ing. Hurricane signals have been set by
order of the weather bureau. Barbadoes
reports that a hurricane is headed north
west, c
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Aug. 1(X— Tn«
tail of a hurricane moving over the An
tilles struck the eastern end of the is
land of Jamaica to-day and did great
damage to the banana properties of th«
United Fruit and the Jamaica Fruit
companies. The hurricane appeared to
be moving northward in the direction of
Cuba. '-;.
Several other towns on the island suf
fered. The storm moved in a northwest
erly direction.
Hundreds of houses were unroofed and
several palling vessels were badly dam
aged.. No fatalities have been reported.
The streets are encumbered with debris
from the tiled roofs and the roads are
impassable on account of fallen tree*.
which were literally torn up by the roots.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique. Auf.
10.— The island of Martinique was swept
'by a hurricane of great violence last
night. Its duration was ten hours and
It was particularly severe during two
hours at Fort de France, where It caused
much destruction.
Martin says the robber was about five
feet seven or eight Inches tall. His hair
was black and there was about three
weeks' growth of beard on hi* face. Ue
wore no coat. His trousers, originally of
light material, were torn and grimy with
dirt. He was armed with a rifle and re
volver. He looked worn and haggard.
Frank Slinger claims that he saw a man
of the same description ir the same ppot
yesterday. He thought nothing particular
cf it. having seen so many wornout look
ing men with arms traveling through the
country lately.
Bosquit says that as Case is sick and
a dope fiend as well, there should be lit
tle difficulty in capturing or killing him.
The miner needed no second invitation,
and started down the read at a brisk
pace. He gave the .alarm immediately.
The scene of the hold-up was near John
Rawlins' house, and Sheriff Bccqult and
posse went there as soon as possible. The
ravine is covered with brush and timber
and affords many excellent hiding places.
It became dark shortly after the arrival
of the man-hunters and the pursuit had
to be abandoned. -
SEARCH MADE FOR CASE.
Sheriff Bosquit and his deputies feel cer
tain that Convict Frank Case is near this
city. A man answering his description
was seen yesterday, and again to-day.
James Martin, a miner, was held up by a
man supposed to be the convict at 5:30
o'clock this afternoop and robbed of a
dinner pall filled with food. A posse was
sent out and made rough but fruitless
search of the locality where the robbery
occurred. Pursuit will be resumed to
morrow. Martin is employed at. the I-an
decker mine. He set out from what is
known as Upper Town, In Placerville, and
was walking leisurely toward the mine,
in Cedar Ravine, which is less than a mile
southeast of the postoffice. *In a lonely
section of the road a man stepped out
from the bushes a few feet distant and
said. "Here, there, you fellow; come
hire." As the stranger had a rifle and
seemed determined Martin obeyed. The
highwayman grabbed the dinner pail and
said, "Now, you go, and go fast."
Devils Slide Is worthy of its name.
Those who have visited the locality state
that the place is filled with hiding places
and that at many points two men could
stand off fifty. Food and animal life is
scarce there, and human beings could not
remain there long unless supplied with
provisions from the outside. Devils Slide
13 about fifty miles east of Placerville.
men on foot, and other methods of travel
are impracticable. Gigantic granite
bowlders, many of them as large or larger
than The Call building, are strewn, on
every hand, and lava from extinct volca
noes covers much of the ground. The
timber is heavy and the undergrowth is
almost impenetrable. The convicts have
supplies sufficient to last several days.
Cook says he will stay with the chase un
til the last vestige of hope has disap
peared. Many of his companions are con
vinced that the hunt should be aban
doned.
Word was conveyed to the men at work
and they followed the women to compel
a speedy return. Words were of -no avail
and resort was Jiad to force. The men
used the whips they had for their horses
and oxen and the unclad cortege was soon
broken and in homeward flight. Many of
the women were badly injured by the
blows of the lashes.
WINNIPEG. Aug. 10.— Ever since the
Doukhobor outbreak of a year ago, when
more than 2000 started on a pilgrimage in
search of Jesus, only to be called to a
halt by mounted police, driven into a cor
ral and bundled off to their homes on
closely guarded trains, religious excite
ment has been smoldering in the far
away villages of the colony of this'
Btrange Russian sect. About a week ago
a woman agitator named Sophia Stor
boloff managed to obtain a following
in one of the settlements back of Swan
River. The men were away at work in
the fields some miles from their homes
and in their absence she wrought up the
females to such a pitch that they all dis
carded their clothing and prepared to'fol
low her on a Journey in search of the
Christ.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
There was a profound silence in the
court room during Madame Humbert's
declaration, but her final words again
putting off the promised disclosures
aroused derisive laughter.' When the
court intimated that the statement was
vague, Maitre Laborl answered:
. "But Madame Humbert engages herself
to speak at the close of the hearing."
The court then began the examination
of the ninety witnesses j called, outside
the family, which will occupy many days.
Madame Therese's declaration that the
Crawfords actually exist \under another
name is generally regarded as only an
other of her ruses to gain time.
The Judge, interrupting her, asked:
"Then where are the Crawfords?" Ma
dame Humbert replied:
If the Crawfords do not come here I will
give their name and that will suffice. I have
already told Maltrtf Labor! that when the wlt
nesses—-have been heard and the hearing is
concluded I will tell all.
1 have tried to C. 1. the Crawfords and their
millions. I have not succeeded in finding the
money, but I have found the Crawfords. They
have made a terrible revelation to me. I have
told Maitre Labor! all. He knows the real
name of the Crawfords. for they do not call
themselves by the name of Crawford. No one
will suffer any loss. 1 will pay every one.
Perhaps the Crawfords may not appear, but
they exist. It is only their name that _, does
not exist. :
Madame Humbert here made another
declamatory statement, protesting her
complete innocence. She said:
The examination of Romalne d'Aurlg
nac, Madame Humbert's brother, brought
out nothing new.
Romalne d'Aurignac testified that Ma
dame Therese commissioned him to trace
the whereabouts of the Crawford broth
ers. Once, he said, when Crawford vis
ited his residence he followed him to the
Grand Hotel de Louvre and located the
room occupied by Robert and Henry
Crawford. The former was sick in bed
and refused to get' up, but Henry came
to the door and after a brief conversa
tion accepted copies of some legal papers.
The Judge sought to bring out that Ro
malne himself impersonated the,Craw
fords and instituted suits in their name.
The defendant denied ever impersonating
the Crawfords or writing the letters
signed by the Crawfords.
"WILL FIND CBAWFOBDS.
Frederic' Humbert testified lengthily re
garding the affairs of the Rente Viaegre,
the insurance concern which the Hum
berts started and In the crash of .which
thousands of poor people lost all their
savings. , He .-maintained, that the opera
tions were conducted in good faith and
claimed that public prejudice a aroused
against the Humbert family ' brought
about the failure of the concern. He de
nied the Judge's statement that the
rooms in the palatial residence of the
Humberts in the -Avenue de la Grande
Acmes were connected by a system of
secret telephones. Madame Therese here
also -exclaimed: "Lies; more lies." Fred
eric Humbert said he had devoted most
of his time to art and poetry, leaving
the entire financial operations to hid
wife.
FBEDEKIC TESTIFIES.
The Judge, however, proceeded with the
examination of the other defendants,
despite M. Humbert's constant interrup
tions. During Judge Bonnet's searching
interrogation of her husband, Madame
Therese dramatically exclaimed: "Mon
ster le President: You are clearly show
ing by your manner that you are against
ur. You should disguise your feelings
and try to appear impartial."
The spectators were greatly amused at
this outburst. The Judge orderedN Ma
dame Humbert to be silent, but she again
shouted: "You are continually showing
your prejudice."
PARIS, Aug. 10^-The Humbert trial to
day drew another large crowd to the
Palais de Justice. Madame Therese
Humbert continued to dominate the pro
ceedings and created several scenes
when the court attempted to examine the
members of the family. M. Bonnet, the
presiding Judge, insisted on examining
Frederic Humbert, her husTxind, but
Madame Therese, rising, said: "I de
mand to be heard. I am strong to-day
and will explain where the millionaires
are." .'
Jamaica and Porto Rico Feel
the Effects of a Hur
ricane.
Escaped Felons Thought
to Be Heading for
\ Nevada.
Once More Declares Ability
to Produce Missing
Crawlord3.
lished at the City Hall, room 142. first
floor, and will be operr every day and
evening during the Grand. Army Encamp
ment, beginning Monday, August 17. Vis
iting comrades are requested to call there
and register on arriving in this city. All
Mexican War. veterans will assemble at
these headquarters at 9 o'clock sharp on'
Tuesday morning. August Is, to join, the
parade. Carriages ,-wlll. be provided for
all Mexican War veterans who register
in time and declare their intention ., to
parade on that day.
The bureau of registration and informa
tion will be opened this mornine at 19
State Cafe $25; The Odeon (second contribu
tion); $25; *W. T. Garratt. $25; New York Un
derwriters and Teutonia Insurance Company.
$26. " Heretofore reported. $22,083 25. Total,
$22,723 25. .
National headquarters of the Grand
Army of the Republic, Thomas. J. Stew
art commander in chief, will be ¦ at the
Palace. The departments have been as
slsrned as follows:
Alabama Palace Hotel; Arkansas, Palace;
California and Nevada. • Palace ; Connecticut,
Palace; Florida Palace; Georgia. New Western
Hotel; Illinois, Palace; Indiana, Palace; Iowa.
Palace; Kansas Palace; Maine. Palace; Mass
achusetts, Palace* Michigan, Grand; Minneso
ta, Lick House; Missouri, Grand; Montana,
Irate Husbands Turn Fanati
cal Pilgrims Back to
Their Home3.
Doukhobro Women Cru
saders Soon Come
to Grief. ,
Great Damage Is Done
on the^ Island of
. Martinique.
MadameTherese Creates
Several Scenes in
Courtroom S
STORM SWEEPS
THE ANTILLES
MAN HUNTERS
LOSE TRACK
OF OUTLAWS
MEN WITH WHIPS
ROUND UP WIVES
HUMBERT TRIAL
ATTRACTS MANY
OLYMPIC CLUB WILL GIVE CONCERT
FOR VETERAN ENTERTAINMENT FUND
Trains From All Parts^ of the. Country Traverse Mountains and
Valleys, Carrying Thousands of to the Mecca of the
Surviving Veterans— Citizens Prepare to Make Crowd Happy
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, '1903.
DISTINGUISHED WOMEN WHO
WILL. BE PROMINENT AT
COMING ENCAMPMENT. -
3
j / DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
ENGAGED.
Marriage is very largely an acadect.
In few cases do men or women set op *
standard of manly or womanly excelleneo
and. choose by it. In most causes people
become engaged as the result of pro-
pinquity rather than because of any deep
rooted preference.
And so it often _ mt _ .
happens that the aBa^-i
wife enter3 upon j£^'&*5t
the obligations of
maternity just as £^^^0^>>
thoughtlessly as v^S^^f^P
she entered on the uvvti&//
marriage relation, i&sS^**
because no one aSaSE*
has warned her fgfKy TV
women become JfSjfM jlf/ft''fk
to this large body W /. IiIavI
I of women that Dr. W (I V li I f Al\
Pierce's Favorite m H
Prescription ¦ ¦ . "^. r—
comes as a priceless boon, becanse ft
cures wocfanly ills.
"Favorite " estaMTahm
> regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
' inflammation and ulceration asd cures
j female weakness. It makes weak women
strong, sick women well.
I "After my first child was bora," writes 2ffr».
li Jordan Stout, of Pawcettgap. Frederick-Co.. Vm~
I "my health was tctt poor for a loo» tim«, sad
I last winter I was »o bad with pain down m beck
I could hardry more without rreat suffering.
My husband got me a bottle of Dr. Werce's Fa-
vorite Prescription and a vial of hla ! Pleaaaot
Pellets/ which I used as directed. In foar dav»
I was greatly relieved, and now. after wsinr th«
medicine three months. I seem to be entirely
well. I can't see why it Is that there are a»
i many scfierinj women when there is sach an
easy way to be cured. I know yotn medicine*
I are the best in the world."
I Dr. Pierce's Pleaaant pellets the fb»
I vorite family laxative. One 'Pellet* «
I laxative, 'tup* Pellets* a cathartic fan.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WRONG DIAGNOSIS
Prompt the Use of Worthless Bern-
Even an experienced physician will
Fometimes make a mistake in diagnosis,
in which event his rntire treatment i3
vasted. and may even be Injurious to the
patient.
The advocates of all other hair restora-
tives save Herpicide have wrongly diag-
nosed the cause of dandruff and falling
hair.
They figure on a functional disease,
vhereas it is now known and generally
accepted that hair loss is due to a para-
Fitlc germ, which Newbro's Herpicide de-
stroys.
There is no substitute for Herpicide— ac-
cept none.
Bold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
Ftamps for 5ample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
BEERS
I The Highest Priced but g
the Best Quality. |
SOLD CVCRYWKERE. t
UXLBKUT lllSKCANTILK <X>..
Pacific Coast A stub.
Without Schilling's Best,
there is difficulty in gettinr
good
t:a baiting-powder *?z:n
coffee flavoring extract! %rji.x
and money goes further with
Schilling's Best.
At yoar gr:txx't; moutybaclbGeneral Coolidge will leave the Presidio
in about ten day*, but will continue to
live in San Francisco, having secured a
handsome residence at the corner of Lom
bard street and Van Ness avenue.
Colonel Thomas C. Woodbury, who suc
ceeds General Coolidge in command of
the Dost and the regiment, is a West
Pointer, having entered the academy in
1868. He is regarded as a soldier of ex
traordinary gallantry and merit. Before
being assigned to the Seventh Regiment
he was a major of the Nineteenth , In
fantry. It is confidently expected by his
friends that he will soon succeed to a
full colonelency and bis present subordi
nates sincerely hope that he may con
tinue in his present command.
Remember that the modern soldier will re
quire greater Intelligence and physique, more
perfect drill, discipline and Individuality to cope
with the soldiers of other nations, than has
ever before been necessary to win victories
over our foes; and that only by Incessant toil
and Implicit submission to all ' requirements,
both bodily and mentally, will you ever be
able to achieve success. "Farewell."
CHARLES A. COOLIDGE.
The undersigned having been promoted
brigadier freneral. relinquishes command of
the regiment with deepest regret, but proud
to have been the colonel of a regiment- with
a century's historic record in the annals of
our country from Fort Harrison In 1S12 to
Samar. P I., 1902.
While the names of its battles have been
removed from lu color*, they will ever live in
the hearts of its soldiers and stimulate them
to emulate the achievements of their prede
cessors and by strict drill and discipline to
qualify themselves for additional glories when
shall come their opportunity to prove their
valor and leav« behind them plmllar inscrip
tions on the tablets of the Seventh Infantry.
After thirty-seven years' service with the
regiment through all grades (excepting that of
lieutenant colonel) the undersigned desires in
parting to express bis appreciation of the
spirit with which the officers and men under
him liave continually endeavored to perform
their duties and maintain the high standard
of regimental discipline for which the Seventh
Infantry has always been noted, and he feels
that it will continue to be maintained so long
as they cherish the memories of the past.
every trade with the Seventh Infantry,
except lieutenant colonel, which rank he
occupied with the Ninth Infantry. .
ISSUES FABEWELL ADDBESS.
On the receipt- of tho news of his pro
rriotlbh"to be brigadier general he Issued
tho. following address to hl3 former regi
ment: . •
New Chief of the Xiowas.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Aug. -XL—Dave Tohee,
only brother of the late murdered chief
of the Kiowa Indians, has been elected to
the chieftainship of the tribe. The place
has beon in the Tohee family as long as
there Is any record of the tribe. The new
chief tain 13 a member of the church, well
educated and progressive.
"Surely."- he Fay?, "we cannot deny the
rlpht we claim— the right to organize—
and It is not aside from the probabilities
that through this era of organization may
come the era of peace."
The report refers to the arbitration
agreement with the American Newspaper
Publishers' Association, which has been
fn operation for more than two years, and
pays that all but two disputes have been
settled )n a fairly satisfactory manner
and that there is much better genera!
feeling existing between the two organ
izations. The International Typographi
cal Union, he says, wax -the first to nego
tiate a general arbitration agreement, and
adds that thus far the union has. car
ried it out faithfully and with an earnest
desire to promo»fe and secure industrial
peace with their 'employers.
"If, however." the report says, "the
arbitration agreement is juggled with by
unscrupulous individuals and made the
vehicle for unjust and questionable de
cisions, through the . connivance of any
interested party, thus the cause of arbi
tration and necessarily the cause of in
dustrial peace will receive a' blow ifrom
which recovery will not be possible for
years."
The report expresses regret at the ten
dency on the part. of the trade unionists
to make light of the unions of employers
and questions whether it would not be
better to display a tolerant spirit toward
them in the hope of establishing friendly
relation?.
The report of President James M. Lynch
Tva8 presented. He says the past year
has been a notable one, not only for the
International Typographical Union but
for organized labor in general. During
the present industrial crisis, brought
about bv the vast increase in the num
ber of trade union adherents. Lynch said,
the International Typographical Union
has been fortunate in preserving its equi
librium and has pursued \ a calm and
peaceful course.
President James M. Lynch responded
to the welcominz addresses. He ex
pressed thfl opinion that In a few years
the union would number 100.000 members.
WASHINGTON. Aug. lO.-The forty
ninth • session of the International Typo
graphical ¦ Union began here to-day.
Chairman Whltehead of the local com
mittee on arrangements '^resided, while
by hf« tide sat Secretary Cortelyou of
the Department of Commerce and Labor,
Public Printer Palmer and a number of
other prominent men. Commissioner llc-
Karland and Willis Moore," chief of the
Weather Bureau, welcomed the delegates.
Mr. Moore, who formerly was a printer,
congratulated the union upon its strength
and sr>oke of the President of the United
States" as a friend of labor-
Willis Moore of the Weather
Bureau Welcomes the
Delegates.
Annual Session of the
International Typo
graphical Union.
PRINTERS MEET
AT WASHINGTON
COMMAND OF THE PRESIDIO
CHANGES HANDS AT MIDDAY
General Charles A. Coolidge Receives Notification of His
Retirement and Relinquishes Authority Over the Post
to Lieutenant Colonel Woodbury— -Reception at Night
THE \SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11. 1903.
• BT PAUL Aur. 10.— The dismembered and
headless irunk of a human body was found
floating. In the Misjlsslprl niver near tha dun
of thvbt. Paul Boom Company. It has not
been identified. .
SALT LAKE. Utah. ; Au*. 10.— Mrs. Aurora
Ho£ge • was .' to-day 'taken"- Into court • and for
mally arraigned ontha charge of having mur
dered William X. Ryan, an aged spectacle
perldler. near Murray last month. Mra. Hodge
pleaded not rullty. The - preliminary hearing
will be held ¦ next Monday.
The tragedy occurred shortly after the
pair arose. Mrs. , Stowe had attended to
her infant daughter, after which Stowe
took the baby and carried it down stairs,
giving It over to his mother's care. Re
turning to the bedroom Stowe shot his
wife through the back of the head, kill
ing her Instantly. He then went to the
bed and shot himself. The police can find
no motive for the crime. The married life
of the pair, their parents declare, was
happy. The family physician Insists that
Stowe was temporarily insane. He had
suffered from malaria and at times was
much depressed.
Stowe was a graduate of the Boston In
stitute of Technology and was employed
by the Lake Shore Railroad. He was U
years; of. age and his wife was 20. The
marriage, an elopement, the police say
occurred before he left college. 8towe
was a grandson of James Tillinghast. at
one time vice president of the New York
Central; Railroad. ..
BUFFALO, Aug. 10.— Kent Stowe shot
his wife, Pauline, dead In their bedroom
at their home in this city to-day. Stowe
then turned the revolver against himself
and sent a bullet through his head. He
was removed to a hospital, where be died
to-night.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Aug. 10.— The two
members of the Martin gang of outlaws
who engaged in a fight on Saturday with
a posse of deputy sheriffs in the Osage
Indian nation, died to-day and their bod
ies are being brought to this city. Deputy
Marshal Haines, who was shot, is improv
ing. The other members of the gang es
caped, but are still being pursued.
The Martin gang has committed many
depredations in the past few months.
Two months ago they held up and robbed
nearly 100 travelers on a lonely road.
They are also charged with killing a citi
zen in the robbery of the railroad station
at Hennessey, O. T.; with killing City
Marshal Cross of Geary and with robbing
the postoffice at Hopeton. The officers
have been following them ever since the
wholesale hold-up, and it was during this
chase that Cross was / killed. L . Heavy
storms , in the Territory, especially dur
ing the past twenty-four hours, have
prostrated wires and details of the fight
are lacking. • . : - *
The names of the two dead outlaws are
not known. Officers have been subpenaed
from all portions : of the Territory in an
attempt to Identify the bodies/ , , '0
Bodies Await Identifica
tion at Guthrie,
Oklahoma.
Then Blows Out His Own
Brains With Same
Revolver.
BUFFALO MAN
MURDERS WIFE
10 CAPTURED
OUTLAWS DIE
General Coolidge is a product of the
ranks, having first Joined the army as
a private of the Sixteenth Infantry in
1862. His first commission was bestowed
for gallantry and he becam« second lieu
tenant of the Seventh Infantry. He is
one of the old line fighters, and in 1877
was brevetted. major for conspicuous gal
lantry in an engagement with Indians at
Big Hole, Mont., where he was wounded
three times and still continued at the
head of his company. He went through
. ; .¦ I ,¦ I ¦, H ,¦:¦¦;¦¦H.^:.H¦¦I¦.^.M,^!¦^I^^^^I^^;^¦;^^;
CAREER WAS BRILLIANT.
General Coolidge, formerly colonel of
the historic Seventh Infantry, was noti
fied Friday by telegraph from Washing
ton that he had been elevated to a briga
dier generalship. His^ promotion was be
stowed with the understanding that his
application for retirement would be fa
vorably acted upon, and yesterday he re
ceived a telegram from Assistant Adju
tant General Hall informing him that
he had been retired and ordered to his
home. Thereupon he turned over the
command of the post to Colonel Wood
bury.
Last night an informal reception was
tendered General CoolidKe at tho quar
ters of Colonel Woodbury by the officers
of the Seventh Regiment, at which he
was presented with a magnificent loving
cup from his former comrades. The mod
est auarters of Colonel Woodbury had
been turned into a bower of blossoms
during the afternoon and the rooms pre
sented a lovely appearance at the re
ception, burled amid a mass of flowers
and American flags. General Coolidge
was overcome by the last ceremony in
parting with the command he has held
so long and honorably and had difficulty
In responding to the presentation. He
succeeded finally in voicing his thanks
in a terse, soldierly fashion.
WITHOUT any further cere
mony than a grasp of hands
and the cheery greeting.
"You're In charge, Tom,"
General Charles A. Coolidge
yesterday at noon turned over command
of the Presidio reservation to Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas C. Woodbury of the Sev
enth. Infantrv.' ._ . . '.. \ ._,. .
FABM LABORER TURNS
BURGLAR AND IS CAUGHT
Porter in a Suisun Hotel Detects Him
in the Act of Bifling a
8UISUN.Aur.-ia.-The Capital Hotel
was entered by a burglar early this morn
ing and the cash rcRlster robbed of a
few dollar* which had been left for
change. When Andrew Jacobson an em
ploye of the- place, entered the barroom
about 4 o'clock he found the burclar in
the act of rifling the safe. whic\i had been
left unlocked, as it contained no money
Tho burglar attacked Jacobson. who was
unarmed, and after chasing hUn from the
room mmlo his escape. The burglar was
later arrested by the officers. u e EaV e
his name as Jo«enh West He has been
working rs a farm laborer In this vicin
ity for several months.
rini.ArKi.rm/.. Aug. 10— c*ptain Louis
Chnsteau. chief of the Fatrmount "Park
poUc« of this city. Is dead, aged 76 year*.
Captain Chastrau claimed to be tha oldest
Morse telegrapher In the world, and Is satt to
have sent the first message from Baltimore to
Philadelphia,
Fourth Cl: '• Postmasters Appointed
to Oregon Offices — Major Appel
Ordered to Philippines.
WASHINGTON*. V. C. Aujr. 10— Postmaster
coinmlsjiJcneJ: Calif ornla— Joha* B. Merrill.
Manhattan.
Fourth class pest masters appointed: Oregta
— C. C. Sturtevant. Crow. Lane County. Tic*
C. ir. Varney. resigned: William Lloyd Smith.
Ktngsley. Wasco County. Ylce E. P. William*,
resigned; W. J. Powell, Stafford. CIackaa:.n
County. vice O. Reutter, resigned.
Army order— Major Daniel M. Appel. sur
geon, frcm Denver. Colo., to San Francisc?.
theuc* to rt»»rrin*a.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
VETERAN OFFICER WHO RETIRED YESTERDAY FROM COMMAND
OF THE UNITED STATES TROOPS STATIONED AT THE PRESIDIO.
\ AND DISTINGUISHED SOLDIER WHO SUCCEEDED HIM.
4
TIIQPAM MINERAL
lUOUMIi SPRIN6S
Located tine miles northeast of R*d BlaS oa
the l!n» of the Soutnern Pacific Ral.rcad.
The undersigned begs to Inform the puo:!^
that it has s«iece«-«!ed to the ownjjsnip an-l
management of these famous springs, ana i.
Is their fiiipcr? tn conducr them In s> manner
that will lnsw» such care and comfort to it*
patronj as will be thoroughly satisfactory. I ar-
tlcu'ar attention will be given to the cul«n»
and djrlng-room service. Furthermore, it i»
the Inienticn of the new owners to extensively
improve and b*autify the property — wntcn ;
a<Mo.-l to the marvelous curative properties U
the varlooe sprins* In ca»»9 of Gont. Rheuma-
tism. Catarrh of t?»e Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles. Skin Diseases Dyspepsia. Cystitis an-1
Blood Dis»as#s cf every description will plac*
t*e "TUSCAN SPRINGS" tn ths front rani
cf th» famous m'neral springs of the world.
Cas^s of RHEUMATISM GOUT AND ALL
DI-OOL> DISEASES WILL, BE ACCEPTED
VNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILT,
HE CURED AVITHIN A SPECIFIED TIMS
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
Thes* wonderful iprlngs can be reach»4 fry
the £outh«rn Paciflc Company's system cf rai..
nay: ar.rl its connections throughout tha
United Statea.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at th» sprir.es.
Stag* trsr.sfer service between Red Bluff ani
Tuscan Springs.
Fur rst^w cf fare and routes of travel apply
to any Scuthw Factnc Rallrea<l Agent.
fs-HOTEL CAPIT0UW
CAPXTOZ.A, CAI..
The Seaside Besort of Central
California.
Only tnree and a half boors from
Ban Francisco. Sound trip rat*,
$4.50.
Boating; on Elver, risninff. Surf
Bathing-, Naphtha Launches. Or-
chestra. Band Concerts, Bowllngr. .
Board Walks. Special Amuse-
ments for Children,
•n Ang-ast and September Ideal
I Months.
v Salmon Flaninsr now at Its
heig-ht. Electric Sail way to Santa
Cruz, fonx miles.
|. | Mort U-fonnatiou and descriptive boc it
E3 by calling on Peck's Bureau. 11 Most-
•1 gomery St.. San Francisco, or by ad- f
dressing Hotel Capitnla. Capitola. Cai. |
Santa Catalina Island
3^i Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1003.
Cor Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING, BATH-
ING, F1SH1NQ. GOLF. ETC
Toe Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
"With an Entirely New Eoulstneac . ta Shady
Gror*.
HOTEL, METSOPOTJ!,
With Modern Appointments. Always Op«a.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH 8PR1NO ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO SPRINGS
XOSTSBET COUNT T, CAT*.
The leading; Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, 1 , or San Francis-
co Agent, II street.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tatioe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Out patrons of last season eay: "Ta-
hoe Tavern I* the equal of any rammer
resort hotel in the world, 1 *
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. - Visit os
and' provs statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.30 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of room* address Tabo* Tavern.
Taho* City. Cat .- ¦ ¦ - •
Adams Springs
LAKE cbuNTT. - CAIfc / •
BTI'rTr HAS T**r- ' CXOWO.
BEST "WATER.
SUPERIOR, SERVICE.- "
During the -month of August Um celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full unirorra will b*
at the springs. - :*•'""
. . PR. W..R. PRATHER. Prop.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hct baths, wonderful stomach waters.
awtmming pond, games, livery: $9 to 114 per
week. Booklets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery »t..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
OWN A HOME LV T ? F E A U -CAMP MEEKER
Free from feg and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boatlag. bath-
ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, (ttore. r.
O. Sausalito ferry. M. C MEETTER. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County. |
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah. Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only placa
in the world of this class. FUatog- *» ua "n*>
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table flrst-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER t CO.. Props.
PESCA3EBO.
Swanton House, under new management.
popular hotel of San Mateo Ca Commodious
cottages, beautiful crounds. famous pebbli
beach fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phon«.
Rates; *3 and $10 per week. W. L. 8TEVEN3,
Proprietor.
T-n-fiv.'MA-a HOTEX*
Auburn Placer Co Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. El«ctr!c bells. Electric light*.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN * WALSH. Proprietors.
BEKQESXEXM — In the Santa Crm red-
woods- $7 and $9 weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs. E. Wtlken. R- V. D.. box 121. Santa Cru*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ST/\T_2yV\_SlNT
CONDITION AND AFFAIES
OF THE
Gleaufiiitps
RRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 81st day of December. A.
D. 1902. and for tha year endlnc on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnlsned by the Com-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
In Cash ........ $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... .' 64,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds owned by Company.. 880,179 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledgo ¦
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. . 5,000 00
Cash in. Company's Office 3,025 00
Cash in Banks 65.837 45
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,162 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ; 1,089 97
Premiums In due .Course of Collee- -
tlon ' 331,817 78
Rents due and accrued 400 00
Total Assets ........$1,410,101 60
LIABILITIES. ~~ Z
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $24,906 93
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 69,102 C9
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1,200 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,115,- - :".¦-;-
995 70; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 671,735 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running" more than one year,
$50,703 67; reinsurance pro rata. 80,123 79
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 70,000 00
All Other liabilities 49,927 63
Total Liabilities $806,996 79
INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums $938,897 60
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2,712 22
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 21.466 74
Received for Rents 4,830 43
Total Income i $967,906 09
EXPENDITURES. ~ ==5=
Net amount Paid for Fir* Losses
(Including $81,143 10, losses ¦ of
previous years) ,... $394,687 50
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
¦ (Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) 2,196 31
Dividends to Stockholders 12,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 161.740 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 28 162 74
Paid for State. National and Local ,
taxes .." 11,16133
All other payments and expendi-
tures *.. 17.826 81
Total Expenditures ........... $617,275 10
Losses incurred during ths year. . $104.710 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums!
Net amount of Risks ,
written during the
year •,••£••£• 193.823.082 $1,333,753 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the *
y«ar 60.180,922 803^99 29
N't amount in force
December 81. 1902.. 77,171,609 1,166.701 27
E. C. . JAME8ON. PresT"
LYMAN CANDEB, Bee?
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of January, 1903.
W'M. h. LINDSAY, Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
41 1 and 413 Calif onla St.,
8 AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SX/¥TE7VVE_:iNX
.OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Agricultural
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commlceloner
cf (he State of California, pursuant to the
prcvislocs of .sections <5l0 snd Cll of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
- < - CAPITAL.
Amcnnt of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash 00
AESETS.
Rod Estate Owned by Company.. $344,503 00
Loans oo Bonds and Mortgages.. SM.71S 07
C— h Market Value of all Stocks
ard Bon— owned by Cocnpany. 885.189 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
ccllatersl 321.202 4fl
Cath in Company's Office 13.834 21
Cash in Banks 178,732 76
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans 14.948 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mort*:a*es 10,177 71
Premiums In due Course of Collee- •
tlon •• 208,023 14
Due frcrn other Companies for Re-
Insurance en losses already paid 1,273 46
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance 2,663 33
Tctal Assets _v2.S<J6,266 78
LIABILITIES. '
Loctes adjusted and unpaid $41,604 79
Losses in process of Adjustment
cr in Suspense 62,831 32
Losses resisted, including expenses 12.821 32
Gross Premiums on Fire Ricks
running one year or less. $&02,-
7S1 00; reinsurance 50 per cent. 431.375 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$1 WJ.303 00; reinsurance pro
rata \"^L 822,077 01
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 47.183 03
Reinsurance premiums 10,873 17
Total liabilities .$1.449.189 10
' . :' . . INCOME.
Net cash actually received Xcr Fire -
premiums , $1,221,705 42
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 37.471 82
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, 6tocks, Loans,
and from all oth*r sources...... 54,674 01
Received for Rents 4.592 68
Received from all other sources.. 114,412 73
Total Income $1,462.856 56
. " ' ' EXPENDITURES. ===
Ket amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $&8,934 70. losses of
previous years) .: $619,257 00
Dividends to Stockholders. 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or . - .
Brokerage •- 338,279 73
Paid for- Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 88,027 71
Paid for Mate, National and Local
taxes 47,353 36
All other payments and expendi-
tures 119.734 29
Total Expenditures .$1.262.652 09
• • Fire!
Losses Incurred during the year.. $G48,218 00
Risks and Premiums.|Fire Rlsks.l Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the
year |163.845,700 ! $l,781.5S3 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 158.849,100 l.«14,816 00
N*t amount In force
December 31. 1&02. 245.003.200 .2,454.054 00
A. H." SAWYER, Prest.
W. H. STEVENS. Seer.'
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January. 1903.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN -SONS, Gen'l Agents,
411 and 413 California St.. S. F. Cal.
GCO. H. MURDOCH _ SON; City Agents,
412 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
j^5l?^*Jv about the wonderful
,*H»k MARVEL WBB"°
V ¦¦¦{ 'ASH >W&;M 11 Injection and Suction.
V v *aS^©^«J Best— Safest— Most <>>n-
'*-&ASvjGn>_ii»^ venient. It Cleanses
X>|g_^^r~^») Hutaatly
A*V yocr inn lit for It. \t. MiL —.¦, ,<C^~*"~
If he t »nnot «uppl]r th« >vM^*T '¦W/yfl/7j*C
MARVEL, secept no ~ \f- ' ""*>^<fev-—
oOiet. Inrt *end ttamp for Clio*. • v ; w '^'w-iPy j
ti»tfdhook-s;«i|c«i. Itti"«Wl l \* ; / '"/f
p»rtlcu!«r» «nrt aim tion< inraluabl* I m
t*.l»di«- 9fAUVKI.CO..
Room 203. Times Bd«.. New Toric **"«llia^
WEffiLf.GEL
16 Pages. SlperYeaP
ST/\TE7V\IBINX
CONDITION AND AFFAIES
— or the: —
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN* THE STATE OF
P«r.n»»!vanla on the 31rt day of Downier.
A. D I»rt2 and for the year ending on that
day. as rr^ifie to the Insurance Commissioner
cf the Elate of Ca.Mcrr.ia, pursuant to the
rrovUicns of sections £10 asd €11 of tfce Po-
litical Code, condensed *s per blank furnished
by the ComrEissJoiier: ' . -- .
CAPITAL.
A 7rc« t «h r . CaP . !^!. 8 . tO ? k :.f. aI3 ..^ _$702.ST5_£0
ASSETS."
Ileal Estate owned by Coa:;*ny... JSW.rjOO 00
Loses en Bonds and Mortgage*.. 11«.TOO CO
Ca*h MarVrt Value cf all Stocks „_,.-_..
and Eon«» owned, by Coai;>ar.y. S71.0C2 8»
Airount of Loan* secured by pledge
of Bonds BtorJcs and other tnir- ' --
k. iai> securities as collateral.. 225.000 r/>
Ca«h la Company's Office £•£
Caeh la Backs ».»« 22
Interest due nnd accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 11.873 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
ind JSortcari 1,730 02
Pr«r.lurr.« la c--e Ccrur»< of Col- . „„ „, '•
Action I59.7S3 51
Bill* receivable. not Matured.;:
takra for Flr« and Marine Risks. 2.. 31 W
Tlests due and acrrued ' 341 «7
Perpetual prersluir.s uncolleeted . . 801 W
Tctal Assets ¦ 9Uf& h^* 7l
LIAEILITrES.
Z>csres adjusted and unpaid $1,875 00
l/w»*s in rTore*s cf Adjustment
or in £uepen*e «.£« 00
I-' f-f re«l*t«r. lEciudlng »i»ft»M 3..8J 09
Groes pretr.tum* on Fire Elsks run-
ning one year or less.r tVA.-
1)27 fi\ : reliwurance 50 per cent. ZEZ.063 00
Crock prMElunis on Ffre Rl^k* ron-
nlng mnt* than one year. ?081.-
70* W; relnrursnce pro rata 239,128 Cl
Ar.r -r: reclsimable by the In-
sured en perpetual fire Insurance
; .^ ;.-.-• 113.222 97
Ca*h d'i-.-»d»nds remaining unpaid.. 77 00
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 27.5<!3 S3
Total Inabilities $818.»0 87
INCOME. ~~
N-cf-cadi actually received for Fire " _*
premiuir.s '. - $73T,li5 49
Received for lntcreet «a Bonds and .
Mortgages — 5,606 42
P.eceJ*ed for lr.terert eji'l dividends
on Bonds. Stacks. Loans, and
from all ether sources ' 4fl.739 W
Received for Rents . »,«33 S3
P.ecelv*d from ail other sources.. - 123,440 17
Total Income "..:.. VntJAO m
EXPEXDITTTRES. . . . "~
X»"«t svmoont paid for Fire Losses • 1 .
including $ . lowes of pre- < -
vlous year*) fiOl.387 3S
TaSd cr allowed, for Commission
or Brgkerare' 179,576 97
rail] for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 60.SC4 48
X'ald for State. National and Local
tsxes 21,765 34
All other payments and erpendl-
lurt» .¦¦•.•••¦•• — —;"v 63.726 2S
Total • Expendlturea $717,810 63
. ' Fire.
Xx>sses Incurred during the year $387.187 11
liUkc and Prtelums. Fire Risks.' Premiums.
ICtt amount of Risks . •t^J--
writtro during the
year $S3.2C4,»05 $1,017.223 22
Utt amount of Rlrks
during the
y 7ar 77,235.015 683,274 52
Krt amount In force
December SI. 1902- . 112.946.190 1.257, «36 76
" CHARLES H. TARNALL. Vies PrwsU
HENRY LYLBURN. 6«?cretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of January. 1W3-
RICHARD EL RETLLT. Notary PubUc
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS. •
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
PAUL M. r NIPPERT. City Agent. - . ¦ \
y^&BB&zB MENANDWQMEfr.
<QmJsr^'l H t r*^sH Vf Big O for unilateral
/msm, i. in j.t^B diicharcei.icflanimations.
iU^/ uwuM IB irritations or ulceratiom
flfUTV c«t ta «uietirt. of mtcom raembranei.
IT < rr»^«ta r««u«v«. Pain".e§i. and not aitrta*
BT^THEErtHSCKEWOLCO. cent or polionoui.
V<\ anKIIU71,e.J^fl »cld by Druggists,
\iy, X. CS.A. 593^ or sent in plain wrapper,
_^BRA *>t ezpreM. prepaid, for
»1 .00. or 3 bottles t2.75.
% ¦* Circular sect on r*o.ae«l
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
——————^—_^^—__^______
rSESH ASB BAZ*T KEATS.
JAS ROVF^ Ir Cft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3. DUIC3 U \AI. guy. TeL Main ITH.
_____ , __
LCBniCATTNO OILS. LEONARD A ELLI8.
«1« Front ft. S. F. Phone Ualn 1719.
F C HIIfiHF? PRINTER,
\T\ Hi J*
DoveShootingj
: Is Good (Vow i
! — AT — *
Paso Robles ;
Hot Springs |
1 For Particulars Write i
I W. A. JUNKER.
i Lessee *nd Manager, *
Paso Robles. Cit.
Or Call On i
< THOMAS CXMDK & SON. .
«23 Market Street. I
i San Francisco. T
1 Information Bureau. Southern Pacific. T
'613 Market Street. ,
j , « « « « »»«.«»¦» ».«»».. ¦ T- —
NAPA Napa Count],
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal, |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Boda Springs. Situated 1000 feet aboT*
the beautlfnl Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains daily. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. .McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
Del Monte
The only xolf links In California with full
lS-hole course equipped •with perennial turf
greens. This course Is provided exclualTely lor
the guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBIUNQ, £^J
QOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates. $3 60 per day and op.
Special rates by the month on application to
OEOROE W. RETXOLDS, Mgr.
AUGUST AHD SEPTEMBER SHOULD BZ SPZVT AT
JETNA SPRINGS.
Here everything: combines to make an Ideal
pleasure place. Mountain air and health-
glving waters. Splendid table service and
homelike rooms. Fishing-, iwlmmlng, bowline;,
drlvin*. Buy tickets to Aetna Springs and re-
turn $7 round trlD from San Francisco.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPANY
Aetna Spring:*:, Napa Co., Cal.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
' HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSS. CAL.
SWXMMXNCL
BOWLINO.
:.%:.. ATJTOMOBILES.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MAHIPOSA BIQ
TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA * INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. .
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New buildlnc: up to daU
equipment; over, a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished: large dining-room; rooms en suits
with private baths: hot and cold water; elec-
tric liehu: first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of tha
deer hunting and fishing- of Mendocino County.
|2 to $3 M per day: $10 to $19 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager. W1I-
Ilts. Mendocino County, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. BISKITOU^CO.. CAI*
Finest fishing, hunting and l*alth resort on
the coast. Send for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
IS hours' rail to Boca; stags for springs con-
nects 8 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding- stage. $14 60. good for season, Rates,
$10 per week.
BOINISIE NOOK
Altf 4000 ft.; bait ml. sta.; cottajrea tents
boating, bowling, elect. lights. H. X>. WIARD*
Towle. Placer County, Cal. • '
6ARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 6A: J A^ SB '
Hydrotherapy, electricity. X-ray, massage, eta
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
DEER PARK INN ZL"%&\ •£• £»
EAGLE STARfcES UkU £- *<»"««. camp.
» iZZJ T7 ADC " «j. hunters. Write toll
A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
ffJfjfPyfG^ypjffjHjjPfr^t?'*— ~^^^^?^^?^^35y.>J^fig^l^^^^^^{Q^^y j^ — =M^^" '. _ \
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. __^_ m
¦Hg^^g^^§j^^^^^3^s3HSS^S^^^^^S^S^^E^S^^^^^^^s^^sSs^S3^3
1 * t£ ffij^i Sf §? For Infants and Children.
| The Kind You Have
l^feia^HI A| W ays Bought
I /togeteblc Prepawlionfor As- *§ ' a
i simitatingtteFordar.dllcguIa- m —. ... S
(tag tfce Stoasi^z^ Bowels of Jj JJeaiS tJl6 F \
. nessarsdRcsuContainsneilher «d . n f ffL JSF f §F
I Opium.Morphine nor Mineral. §j Ul Jrj\\}J
Kot "Narcotic. ,« . IvWiy*
j*^eof0UI)rS6MUn.RrCHER j | \^\*^
Mix Sevut \ Jl \jf% H
/^V I '% IN rTi» fill
*&**-> ) %m X siqq
A perfeel Remedy forConstipa- S I ¦ V WWU
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca \kj
j Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- £ 1 WT r A u lilfOL^
i ness and Loss of Sleep. lUI UVul
TarSimite Signature of "' •
B3SMp^yTs«ss»aBMaspy«siiwspy»i»qa 'O •* -
TMt CtKT«t» COMFAHT. NEW TO»« CITY.NEW TORK. Aug. 10.— All work was at a
Etandstni In the manufacturing Jewelry trade
to-day as a result of the' lockout by the New
York Manufacturing Jewelers' Association. .
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— The police , were
called this afternoon to take charge of
V. P. Mitchels, a sign painter, who was
found ln a vacant lot at Twenty-fifth
street and San Pablo avenue, apparently
under -the Influence of liquor. He was
taken to the city prison, being booked
there at 4:40, o'clock as drunk. The jail
ers noticed something wrong about the
man and sent for Health OflJcer Von
Adelung, but at 6:30 o'clock, twenty min
utes before the physician arrived, - Mit
chels was dead. The Coroner took charge
of the body and will hold an autopsy to
morrow. Mitchels was 40 years old. He
resided at 1804 Market street.
Sign Painter Found Dying.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— The condition of
William D. English, manager of the
Contra Costa Water Company, who is
critically ill at East Bay Sanitarium,
showed very slight improvement to-day,
although there was no gain that could
be reckoned as permanent. Since the
operation last Saturday the patient has
been in a semi-conscious state and all
of the symptoms show a very severe
prostration from, the shock of the sur
geons' second attempt to relieve the
serious disorder In the abdomen. With
a temperature that remains normal, the
pulse is very rapid, an indication of quite
unfavorable aspect. "Vitality generally,
however, is at a low stage and this gives
rise to fears very grave Jndeed for the
final result of the heroic efforts to re
lieve the sufferer's, serious affliction.
.While the attending physicians, Dr. D.
D. Crowley and Dr. Frank Adams, are
not ready to give a decision upon the
outcome, they do not announce any posi
tive declaration of hope for recovery.
The patient's chamber is closely guarded,
nurses being in constant attendance and
none other than physicians or members
erf the immediate family are permitted
there.
Little Improvement Is Shown in
Patient and Surgeons Give
Small Hope.. .
ENGLISH'S C6NDITI0N \
. ¦ CREATES GRAVE FEAR
GUTHRIB. O. T., Aug. 10.— William
Henry, who was sent to the Illinois peni
tentiary in 1901 to serve a fourteen-year
sentence for forgery and who escaped
shortly afterward, was arrested in this
city to-day. He married here a short time
ago and quarreled with his wife, who in
formed the Sheriff of Christian County,
Illinois, of the whereabouts of the fugi
tive.
Wife Informs on Fugitive.
There is large Interest being taken by
the musical and x -lashlonable sets in the
Scheel symphony concerts, the first of
which will take place next Friday after
noon at the Grand ODera-house at 3:15
sharp. The affair promises to be a so
ciety event as well as a musical festival,
applications for tickets having come in
from the traveling fashionables from all
quarters. The local sale of seats has also
been highly encouraging, and a notable
success for the series Is confidently hoped
for. Rehearsals for the concerts are now
In active progress. Herr Ferdinand Stark
has been appointed concertmeister and
an orchestra of seventy is ranged under
Herr Scheel's baton. The programme is
excellent and runs as follows: Overture,
"In Spring." Goldmark: Symphony No. 2,
C major. Schumann: Suite Op. 43, No. 1,
Tschalkowsky (first time); overture,
"Tannhauser" (by request).
Seats for the concerts are on sale at
Sherman & Clay's, and applications /or
membership in the San Francisco Sym
phony Society may be made to Shatter
Howard, room 91, Crocker building.
This man who was lifted from a wagon to a
position of $4000 a year and smote the hand
which raised him. says with a humor all hi*
own that he U» content with his present sta
tion. But wha^ will Casey do to-morrow night
when the votes arevcounted? (Voice, "Commit
suicide.").
We have contended that It was for the In
terest of ourselves to preserve this Union La
bor party as a club to be used against the ag
gressions of capital, and we believe the man
who would countenance the disintegration of
this party to be a traitor to our cause. Now,
Casey and his followers know this, but . they
are endeavoring to deceive you and to deliver
over to Phelan and McNab the party to which
Walter Gallagher arose, despite repeat
ed shouts for Schmitz, and gave Casey a
sound verbal drubbing. In part he said:
ONE COURSE OPE2T.
Thomas F. Egan of the Painters* Union
was the next speaker. He said in part:
' After having chosen for our utandard-bearer
end elected for Mayor "that gallant champion
of labo?, Eugene E. Schmitz. must we turn
back to official corruption the city now dom
inated by friends of labor? I *ay we must
go forward, and there must be no middle
ground, no compromise. There is no other
hope for the wage-earner. : '¦-'-'
No official in the older parties dare stand
for labor. Then why should we look to either
of these parties for relief? Can it be urged
that the entire community has not profited by
the election of Eugene E. Schmitz?
The simple proposition Is: Has the adminis
tration of Eugene E. Schmitz been such as
to lead you. to continue him in office? If not.
you allow us to be dragged back to the con
ditions existing two years ago. and place us
again under the domination of Gavin McNab
and Phelan.
under Casey and they must do as he pleases.
That is why they passed a resolution de
nouncing Mayor Schmltz. The people na\e
been deluded by Casey and his faction.
The county committee appointed a commit
tee of three to draft a constitution for the
district clubs and all delegates elected by the
district clubs had to be submitted to this com
mittee, which had the power to accept or
reject the delegates. ?
A committee of five was also appointed and
called a committee on qualifications to pass
on the merits of the delegates elected by th«
district clubs. That committee was composed
of Casey Mott. a teamster for the Board of
Public Works; Superintendent McLaughlln or
the Street Sprinkling .Department: Secretary
Berger of the Almshouse. and • Assistant Sec
retary Meeker of the county committee
Now you can understand that Michael Casey
was the entire committee and the others had
to do his bidding. One man had the po »er to
pass on all delegates. If Casey had any sense
he would be ashamed of himself.
One district club had Its entire list of dele
gates rejected by Casey. I demanded to Know
why the list had been rejected, but could get
no Satisfaction Do you know why these men
ww rejected* They were rejected because
Ui£ favored Mayor Schmitz. Then It was
that I decided to resign «n»,tl« "»"»««¦
mittee. Casey was the whole works andlt
was time for decent men to quit his coro
nanv Are you going to stand for Casey to
S his owT delegates, who shall later on
choose the men who will stand for election
'V'e^deVded'in that county committee to get
a resolution passed that the Union r P«;
b y utTh°r?e S Xt i r^%ur t n^rwn Ot >y% t a y s
party over to the Democratic party»at the first
"T&ve'briefly expressed the true condition of
attain In th/ Union Labor party under the
supporting Mayor Eugene E
Schmltz is the true wing of the Union Labor
nartv and If It is successful at the ijolls to
morrow it will only nominate a Union Labor
ticket for election. We cannot afford to go
back to the Republican or Democratic parties
lhoueh Llvemash seems to think we can. I
a^k you all to go to the front to-morrow and
place our leader. Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz.
In line for another term.
SCHEEL MUSIC
IN SYMPHONY
STIRS PUBLIC
you belong. They know that if they acknowl
edged this fact their ticket would not receive
200 votes In this city. Their Intention Is to
elect a Democrat for Mayor and Michael Casey
or some of his Ilk for Sheriff.
When Mayor Schmitz was elected he pledged
that policemen would not be allowed on the
cars in case of a strike. Has he kept that
pledge? (Cries of "Yes, Yes"). Then If he
has failed in everything else, for that and that
alone, every worklnsrman In San .Francisco
should vote for him this year.
MAYOR SCHMITZ SFEAXS.
When Mayor Schmitz arose at the in
troduction of the chair a perfect pande
monium of cheers broke forth. Women
waved hats and handkerchiefs and - men
stood on chairs better to voice their en
thusiasm. He said in part:
If It needed any evidence to show your con
fidence In behalf of my administration an
Mayor of the city of my birth, tha reception
you have given me to-night amply furnishes
It. I stand here to-night not as Mayor, but as
a native born son of San Francisco, and from
the bottom of my heart I thank you.
A great deal has been said to-night of Mr.
Michael Casey. I do not wish to speak 111 of
any man. I do not wish to bolster up my
cause by tearing 'down another. In the words
of Shakespeare, <"God made him for a man;
therefore . let him pass." But I do want tr>
say that the contests brought about In the
ranks of the Union Labor party were engineered
not by the friends but the enemies of the
party. . I am content to stand before th« peo
ple of San Francisco and be denounced by the
bosses and vile sycophants who are now abus-
Inc me.
We stand on record as being pledged to put
a pure Union Labor ticket in the field, ard
the delegates sent out by the faction I repre
sent have the audacity to pledge themselves
to my renominatlon as Mayor. That la the
whole issue. If you are satisfied with my ad
ministration, if' you believe in my efforts to
bring about a better understanding between
employer and employe. If you believe I hav*
done . anything- to engage your support, then
vote for the delegates put forth by the faction
I represent.
Much has been said of the carmen's Ktrik*
in this city and of the part I took in it I
wish to say here that whatever be the atti
tude of the president of the Carmen's Union
In thin present flKht. I have not lost the least
faith In the carmen themselves, and I am con
fident that ninety-nine out of one hundred will
cast their votes for the ticket representing me.
I want to say in conclusion that I am will-
Ing to place myself In your hands. I am will
ing to leave it with you as to whether or not
I shall continue my service. I sincerely be
lieve that my renomlnatlon Is for th« best In
terest of the wage-earners of San Francisco,
and if I did not not. I would not seek renom
lnation. I am content to leave my fate in
your hands, and I shall be fully satisfied how
ever you may d^nl with me.
At the conclusion of the address the
quartet sang a campaign song and then
the audience was dismissed by Mayor
Schmitz. 1 - ' i;>
(Eppinger Demurrer, Submitted.
Argument was had In the United States
Circuit. Court yesterday in the matter of
the demurrer in the cases of the Bank
of Monterey vs. Henry Wadsworth as
receiver and the American National Bank
of SaVi Francisco vs. Wadsworth. Greg
ory & Van Ness appeared for the banks
and Lillenthal & Sutro for the receiver.
The grounds of the demurrer were that
the complaint failed -to aver that the
negotiable warehouse receipt was present
ed at the time the banks demanded the
grain, such representation being neces
sary before the demand could be consid
ered of any effect.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— Frank Myrtha. »
veteran theatrical manager, died. to-day after
a short Illness. At various times h« was
manager of the Old Comique. the Globe, Niblo's
Garden .the New York.-th« Windsor and ths
Murray Hill theaters.
Attorney W. J. Bajtnett, who represents
the Western Pacific Railroad Company,
will also attend the hearing, as'lhe navi
gability of the Mokelumne River Is likely
to affect freight ratos of the corporation
when it is ready for business.
The matter of the navigability of the
river has been agitated by Fred Harvey,
a large landowner, and the Supervisors of
Sacramento and San Joaquin counties are
opposed to having the river declared
navigable, as it will entail considerable
expense to build a new bridge at Benson
Ferry or convert it Into a drawbridge to
allow the passage cf a dredger. Sacra
mento County will be represented by
Chairman of the Board of Supervisors M.
2. Dillman, Supervisors Thomas Jenkins,
County Surveyor J. C. Boyd, Judge H.
McCune and Peter Glann. Fred Harvey
is thought to be back of the agitation, for
it is said he wants a job of dredging, or
has axes to grind.
San Joaquin County will be represented
by Supervisor Kewton. District Attorney
¦of the county, Arthur Thornton, and a
number of witnesses will also be on hand.
The question as to whether the Mokel
umne River is navigable is to be taken
up to-day before Colonel W. H. Heuer in
his office in the Flood building, when tes
timony pro and con will be heard.
Colonel Heuer represents the United
States War Department and he is also a
member of the Debris Commission of Cali
fornia.
lipht. When the committee of fifty ad
journed it did so subject to the rail of
the chair.
l.usiness with him, they required Eppin-
BtT to furnish" gilt-edged securities. Otis
and Tilden did not consider that the ap
plications of Eppinger and Mott should
be treated seriously. P. N. Beringer's
application was looked upon in the same
President J. E. Baker of the Bank or
Alameda said that he considered the time
pfemature to offer the Southern Pacific
valuable franchises for nothing.
At the suggestion of Dr. G. A- Moore,
Miichrll. who had moved an amendment
to eliminate the JjOO stipulation from the
proposed ordinance, withdraw his amend
ment and the ordinance as outlined by
i he executive committee will be perfected
by the City Attorney and presented to
the City Trustees.
With respect to the applications for the
franchises filed by Herman Eppinger Jr.
and Robert B. Mott. Chairman Frank Otis
<>f the executive committee said the spon
sors gave the committee no satisfac
tion as to their financial standing and
ability to install a local train and ferry
service, and he did not consider them re
liable. Chairman Charles L. Tilden of
the committee of fifty reported that he
had gone to several banks in San Fran
<isco to ascertain how Herman Eppin
por Jr. was rated, and was Informed that
w hile several of the institutions had done
ALAMEDA. Aug. 10.— Plans of proce
dure in disposing of the applications for
the two local railroad franchises— as out
lined by the executive committee of the
citizens' committee of fiftyj-were ap
proved by the general body at a meeting
held in the city hall to-night.
Cfcairman Frank Otis of the executive
committee, which held several confer
ences with the officials of the Southern
Pacific and the City Trustees, reported
;hat the committee recommended the sub
mission of an ordinance to the City Trus
tees granting the Southern Pacific the
two franchises on the following condi
tions:
TT.at the frar.chisrs be for twenty -flve years;
that the company be required to pay Into the
¦ uy treasury $.*i00 a month for the privileges
• i*ii\eyed in' the franchises; that the present
loct.1 service be not curtailed, and that com
muters be e! v *"n *'l l * le conveniences that are
now afforded; that no local stations be re
' moved without the permission cf the City
Trustees; that ample train and ferry depot
accommodations be provided; that a 2 4 -cent
lare be inaugurated within the city limits ;
that Alameda be allowed terminal freight and
vaescnRf-r rates the same as are given !>in
Krancihco: that the stations removed from
Webster street an<i Sr-cond avenue be re
iilaettf that the tracks on Railroad avenue
Vert r.f Ninth street be taken up; that any
violation by the Southern Pacific of the terms
in the franchises result in the revocation or the
franchises-.
U Bront Mitchell, one of the committee
of fifty, wanted to have the stipulation
that the Southern Pacific be required to
pay $500 a month for the franchises elim
inated from the ordinance to be submitted
to the City Trustees. In giving his rea
sons. Mitchell said:
We are here to do the best we can for Ala
meda have to do business with the
i^outhert? Pacific. It is th» only railroad that
has done and is doinc business with the people.
AVe <Ju not want the f."«' a month so much
f,s we want cood traveling service. Let the
fianchise be granted for twenty-five years, but
!'ave no condition about the payment of any
money in the franchises. Let eood service be
trie principal stipulation. If we cannot have
this the city of Alameda will be Injured be
>ond redemption. I spoh<* »' itn Attorney
Frank Shea of the Southern Pacific and he told
me that Manager Julius Kruttschnttt said his
company would never consent to pay one cent
jor trie Alameda franchises and that he con
sid»re<l that phase of the negotiation as a
closed inclflent.
Testimony Is to Be Heard
by a United States
Official.
Determined Effort to Make
: Southern Pacific Buy
Privileges.
F. W. Aitken relinquished his position
as secretary and^his place was tendered
to and accepted by D. L. Fitzgerald.
Aitken received a hearty and unanimous
vote of thanks for his labors during the
period of his secretaryship.
It was announced that carriages will
be at the disposal of voters and J,' M.
Wilkins also announced that his auto
mobile will be at the service of the club.
At the conclusion of the meeting cheers
were given for the club and the party,
every one promising to put forth' every
energy for the cause.
F. W. Cornyn stated that Charles S.
Bmndage, George H. Makinson and
Thomas H. Lundy had stated that they
were not members of the Citizens' Repub
lican Club, but instead would be sup
porters of the ticket of the United Re
publican League Club.
It was also stated that Marshall Hale
would give his support to the United Re
publican League Club. . E. Owens said
that Albert Shrumpff had stated to him
that the use of his name by the opposi
tion ticket was unauthorized.
Dr. E. R. Bryant in a hearty speech
gave the utmost encouragement, and
other speeches were made by J. W. Wil
kins, G. A. Blank, Colonel Tom Robinson,
D. L. Fitzgerald, John T. Williams, W.
H. Mitchell, J. F. O'Rourke, J. B. Whit
ney, J. B. Sykes. Edward Glnley, E. A.
Sarle, J. E. Atkinson, John Martin, E.
Owens and George R. Fletcher explaining
the missionary work that had been done
in the district and the support that had
been promised.
Reports of Various committees prompted
the gathering to believe implldtly^ln the
success of the ticket of the club, as prom
ises of support were made on all sides.
The United Republican League Club,
Thirty-ninth District, held a meeting at
Richmond Hall last night that was en
thusisatic from the beginning until the
cnJ. I. D. Buxome was in the chair.
The object of the meeting was to devise
ways and means for carrying the prima
ries.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
Dr. Philip King Brown, Randolph C. Miller.
IMdor Gutte. Jeremiah J. Hurley. Dr. Thomas
N*. Iglehart. Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr. Mon
tague T. Moses, Dr. William H. Newell, N.
B. Greensfelder. Thomas C. Van Ness Jr.. Wil
fred Page, Benjamin Armer, David Augustus
White.
The name and picture of Franklin K.
Lane adorn the document.
There is a deal of confusion in Demo
cratic circles or the Fortieth Assembly
District. M. Jasper McDonald, chairman
Democratic County Committee, comes to
the front in a campaign document which
certifies over his signature that the fol
lowing is the only regular Democratic
County Committee ticket in the Fortieth
District:
¦> I am and always have been a stanch Repub
lican and am at present employed as a copyist
in the County Clerk's office. Very truly yours,
HARRY S. JONES.
It is reported that the Horse and Cart
tickets embrace the names of several Re
publicans. The following notice was re
ceived at The Call office last night:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 10, 1903.
To the Public: My name appearing upon the
official ballot of the Twenty-ninth District
Democratic League as filed with the Registrar
I desire to state that It Is entirely unauthorized
and without my being consulted.
The Democratic vote at the primary
polls to-day will be larger than first ex
pected. It transpires . that Kelly's fol
lowers in districts where the opposition
to the United Republican League is fee
ble have joined hands with Sam Ralney
to help the Horse and Cart Democrats.
Affairs are pretty badly mixed in the
Democratic camp. Disinterested observ
ers of the situation predict that Gavin.
McNab's followers will elect a sufficient
number of delegates to gain control of
the convention.
advanced at headquarters last
night that the league tickets would win
in every Assembly district. No denial,
however, was made that strong opposi
tion confronts the league in the Twenty
eighth, Thirty-fourth, Fortieth, Forty
first and Forty-second Assembly districts.
Late yesterday afternoon opposition was
put forward in the Thirty-seventh Dist
rict. The polls will open at 6 a. m. to
day, although M. Jasper McDonald,
chairman of the Democratic County Com
mittee, announces 6:30 a. m. as the open
ing time. There is some little confusion
concerning the opening hour, but all au
thorities agree that the polls will close
at 5 p. m.
The fight in the Union Labor camp is
extremely bitter. The onlookers incline to
the opinion that the Schmitz wing will
down, the Casey faction and capture the
party machinery. Schmitz had a bigger
meeting at the Alhambra last night than
Casey had at the same place last Satur
day night. The Casey reserves, however,
may come up in time to save the day at
the polls.
DEMOCRATIC VOTE.
THE active promoters of the United
Republican League are very con
fident of success at the primary
election to-day. The claim, was
THE United Republican League is
efficiently organized In every As
sembly District of San Francisco
and the indications are that a ma
jority of the delegates proposed by
the league will be elected to the Repub
lican Municipal Convention. In several
districts tickets headed "Regular Repub
lican" and secretly backed by Martin
Kelly have been circulated.
The United Republican League Clubs
have nominated in the several districts
enterprising citizens of • good character,
who fwlll endeavor to secure the nomi
nation in the convention of men 'who
will promote the welfare of San Fran
cisco. In order that Republican voters
may not be deceived by spurious tickets,
The Call here republishes the . list of
delegates proposed by the United Repub
lican League:
Twenty-eighth District— J. C. Kirkpatrick,
Walter Macauley, John A. Barr, James Mot
fat. William J. Harrington. Edward W.
Hauchy, Klchard Grimes, Walter Larsen, . J.
J. Fanning, Fred J. Hopper, John F. Runge,
George Copney, H. W. 1'eterson.
Twenty-ninth District — James J. McQueeney,
Leon Samuels, John F. Mitchell, Charles H.
Goldbeck, Richard Cox, William H. Cannon,
William L. Rhys, James N. Nelson, Hyman
Levy, Wailam Koehler, John S. Elliott, John
H. Nagelmaker.
Thirtieth District — Joseph Bertram, Harry
Hall, Thomas M. Walsh, Francis McNamara,
F. E. Wallace, Frank Roach. Louis Claveloux,
L. M. Mailings worth. Edward J. Dunning. Isa
dore Erb, Frank Daunet, William J. Walsh,
Harris Bernard, Thomas F. Roberts, James
F. Lawler.
Thirty-first District— T. C. Duff, George
Wimmer, William J. McDonnell. W. S. Covey,
Thomas Sullivan, George I. Raychester,
Charles M. Erlckson. James Hlggtns, James
Moran. Henry M. Ryan. David Kenny, Ed-,
ward Early, George R. Crary.
Thirty-second District— John B. Rider. Hal
lie B. Davidson, L. C. Cull, Joseph T. Norton.
Edward Wessllng, Thomas Cavanaugh, Ed
ward Alkcns, Frank J. Mitchell, George C. Ja
cobsen, Frank J. Fltzpatrick, John J. Hen
nessy, Fred W. Zimmerman, R. G. Rock,
Frank J. Weiss. ,
Thirty-third District— John F. Feno, James
J. Ryan, John Hogan, W. H. Cole. Charles
F. Daley, J. L. Taaffe, John F. McGowan,
Joseph W. McTigue. Fred J. Melncke.
Thirty-fourth District— Edward M. Rltter.
Alonzo Davidson, William J. Gullfoyle,— Fred
Ritchie, Joseph S. Nyland, George A. Merrill,
William Gleeson, John J. O'Brien, John J.
Hore. A. Duffec, Fred Severance, Robert
Strahle. John S. Drew, E. B. Ring, H. A.
Bllay, J. H. Belter.
Thirty-fifth District— John J. Daly. John S.
Partridge, W. H. Smith. E. Trlttenbach. F.
Berna, Ralph L. Hathorn, George W. Elder,
H. N. Hall, E. J. Lynch, Clifford McClellan,
Charles B. Kltch. William H. Cobb, R. H.
Stafford. Edward F. Treadwell, Morris J. Win
ter Jr., E. R. Pease, Thomas C. Maher, John
H. Dawson, Joseph Windrow, William Metz
ner. David J. (freamer.
Thirty-sixth District— Charles H. J. Truman,
Charles A. , Quinn, John Tonnlngsen. M. V.
Taylor. Charles R. Burke, H. W. Fraser,
Charles de la Fontaine. H. J. Alexander, John
H. W. Muller, Charles W. Baker, Frank M.
Stevens, William J. Wtnterbottom, F. W. Bur
nett. J. A. Plymlre, Walter R. Van Loon,
Zachary T. Barber, James Hannon. . ¦ . .
Thirty-seventh District— C. B. Perkins,- R.
V. Lucy, M. J. Waldhelmer, Anthony Gal
lagher, Thomas B. Haven, H. T. Slme, H.
Blume, John R. McGufflck, I. Wertheimer, Jo
seph de Forest, W. J. Young, F. Bockman Jr.,
H. Newburgh, . Fred C. Jones, E. L. Cook,
John E. Green. S. Bloom, James Cairns, W.
S. Dennis, George W. Schell, James Stevens,
J. C. Cullen, Charles F. Craig, Lee V. McDon
ald, Fred W. Franks.
Thirty-eighth District — Isidore Golden, . Dr.
Thurlow Miller, John J. O'Brien. M. W. Mc-
Intosh. J. M. Adklns. Dr. Joseph A. Welsh,
David B. Faktor. Max Goldberg. John A.
Gernns, Julius Samuel, Martin Tledemann
Jr. Frank J. Murphy. A. A. Frledlander. Wil
liam Marks Jesse Mayer. • A. L. Well. . James
Geddes A, Van der Nalllen Jr.. J. T. Nourse.
P. A. Bergerot, Samuel H." Beckett. A. M.
Currie < M. W. Dlnkelsplel. Jbhn.J. Sullivan,
Myrtle Cerfv
Thirty-ninth District— R. H. Countryman,
Joseph Rebstock. John R. Altken. Joseph A.
Masterson. C. S. Ewlng. J. B. Whitney. J. T.
Williams Crawford W. Douglass. William B.
Craig, J.B. Sykes/ George R. Fletcher T. E.
Atkinson. I. D. Bluxome. Frank, W.- Cornyn.
Fortieth District — Henry Ach, Joseph G.
Glesting. William S. Wood. Charles G. Clinch,
Edmund TauRzky, John Henderson. George F.
Mero Jr..' Sol Cahen. Thomas P. Woodward,
Ira C. Hayes. Emile E. Kahn. Abraham Levy,
Stephen S. Edmonds Jr.. Charles E. Barling,
Sanford Eelgenbaum, Thomas Brodie, M Ed
ward McNalr, Maurice L. Asher. Randolph J.
Garrlty, Aaron H. Powers. Marion D. Conn,
Samuel McBirney. - •
Forty-first District— H. O. Beatty. Legter G.
Burnett Charles A. Murdock. John C. Currier,
Albert E. Castle. Henry J. Crocker. MIHon H.
Esberg Isaac F. Kydd. Robert. N. Frttk. Louis
S. Bee'dy. ¦ Maxwell McNutt. Willla* Barton,
Horace J. Perazzl. George M. Wlllcox, Wil
liam ¦ B Colllgan, Charles A. Son. Charles L.'
Barsotti. Myer Josephson, , Adolph F. Schwarts.
Kor"y%econd District — Ed. N. Ayers. John
A Clover. James F. Cosgrove. Milton M. Da
vis, Don R. Dunbar, H. Galey. P. M. Gopche
vltch Jacob Greenbaum, : Robert A. Grler,
Thomas M. Gannon. Jesse D. Hannah, William
J. Herrln. Frank V. Keesllng, E.-G. Knapp.
Charles T. LIndsey, George A. McGowan. P.
de la Montanya. Dr. W. A. McQuitty, Harry
E. Pratt. Charles , H. Sagehorn. George . E.
Wellington, Charles A. Westcott. S. A. White.
1 Forty-third District— Thomas D." Rlordan.
Walter S. Brann. Luther Elklns, ' Samuel H.
Kent. James D. Brown. Philip J, Hasklns, O.
M Marsh, Charles Sonntag, I. J. Truman Jr.,
William H. Gallagher, Thomas K. McCarthy,
John B. Rellly., P. -A. Lelch, Henry Sexton,
Charles Kaullman. > Walter Hanley. . D. J. Be
ban. A. -A^ .Gnarlnl, Marc : Anthony, . Norman
H. Hurd. - Dr.-. T.- B. De Witt, George ' Walton.
Melville W. Hermann.. . •¦ ..;-,.-, >
1 Forty-fourth District — J. George Eoyne,
It Is not difficult, to see through the crooked
acts' of ' the so-called leaders of the Union La
bor party who . are opposed - to us. I know
what I am talking about, for I was a mem
ber of their county committee until two weeks
ago I knew that there was dissension and
strife' but I thought that the opposing fac
tion would finally return to the support of our
standard-bearer. Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz.
I was mistaken and that is why I have left
them and hav£ thrown my lot In *wlth Mayor
Schmitz and his lollowers. It has been. said
by the other faction that we are pirates and
lob-chasers. - They lied. They are like the
thief who seeks to divert attention from him
self by running down the street and calling
an honest man . a thief to fool the pursuers.
The other faction Is composed of Job-chasers,
and I will tell you why.
MJchaer Casey is a hypocrite and a traitor.
The Mayor made him chairman of the Board
of Public Works and that position placed him
on the Board of Health. Casey no sooner was
In power than he swelled up and got the big
head Michael Casey the teamster was a far
different being from Michael Casey. Commis
sioner of Public Works and member of the
Board of Health. He showed his crafty meth
ods at once. He saw the opportunity to build
up a. political machine and he made a combine
with the Board of Health, and you know what
a Board of Health It was. The attacks made
on the Board of Health bv a certain newspaper
ceased just as soon as Michael Casey became
a member Casey also made a combine with
Manson of the Board of Public Works, who is
a Democrat. Then Casey came to a meeting
of the county committee of the Union Labor
Darty which he controlled, and he tendered
the committee a long list of the places he
desired to fill with his own supporters. This
committee which calls us pirates and Job
chasers, grabbed at that list like a hungry
cat after a piece of liver. tThey went down
.1,. - ti ne . and as each place was ¦ mentioned
there was an applicant for 1U Some of the
best lobs Casey did not, tender to the commit
tee They were too eood for the members of
the' committee and Phelan Democrats got those
O The OI maJoritV*of that committee Is working
Martin W. Brady. E. S. Strauss. William
Blakeley - 1. - Ellas, Richard Ryan, Thomas HT
Lindsay Dr. Walter N. Jackson, John Breen.
Daniel H.' Sullivan,' Lincoln E. Savage. M
Raggett M . M." Blum, Augustus Johnson.
John J. Green,' James D. Shay.' James Carr,
A Grasso. Samuel J. Robertson. Alex Camp
bell Jr. A.' Kaskell, James McNalr. .' v>-
Forty- fifth District — A. -Ruef; E. M. Buck
icy John H. Nelson, Dr. Campbell Ford, Louis
Strohl. A. Bardet. - Charles H. Sommerlau,
Richard ¦ Demlngs. ¦ Joseph .Barbetta, "Walter
Hanna, Frank; Marlni. Alexander Campbell,
William Clark, John Christenson, Jules Ber*e.
School Director A. Roncovieri was then
introduced to the gathering and ho re
ceived a hearty welcome. In part he said:
I rejoice to see this great outpouring of the
followers of unionism and supporters of our
valiant and true standard-bearer. Eugene B.
Schmitz. This meeting is a rebuke to those
who seek to destroy the Union Labor party by
dividing it into factions. The few misguided
men and traitors who have created the op
posing faction seek . to turn you against our
true and loyal leader. If you take their ad
vice and turn down the Mayor, you invite de
feat "and disaster to the union cause.
True unionism means the betterment of
American workmen, and it is necessary for all
lovers of unionism to march In solid array and
solidify our principles. There is no better
way to do this than by giving all our support
to the valiant standard bearer who led us to
victory two years aco.
I believe In unionism being in politics, for
it is most necessary. There is nothing our
workmen can ask If they will only stand to
gether at the polls. The ware-earners have
been buffeted between Republicanism and
Democracy. The time has now arrived for
the permanent existence of the Union Labor
party and It must bo preserved and perpet
uated in San -Francisco if you desire peace
and prosperity. Its defeat at the present time
will be a sign of weakness, and If the enemy
can defeat our leader the party will be de
stroyed. We shall and must elect Eugene E.
Schmitz. for we have every reason to feel proud
of him and what he has done. You cannot
without disgrace and base ingratitude with
draw your support from him at this time.
He has proven his worth and you must stand
by him. By his election trades unionism now
receives its proper recognition on all sides.
This condition should prevail all_ over the
country If Mayor Schmitz Is riot re-elected
the Union Labor party will never be heard
° He^has been faithful to all his pledges and
he has well stood the test of public . of flee.
None can say aught against him. He stands
clean and pure in public and private life and
he has been a faithful man to all.
Where would Michael Casey be If the Maypr
had not taken him from obscurity? TVhere
would Richard Cornelius be but for the firm
stand taken by the Mayor during the streetcar
strikes? Would the streetcar company and
the telephone company be ready to arbitrate
their differences but for the attitude of Mayor
Schmitz? The Mayor refused to allow the
hlrelmgs of the corporations to be armed In
order that they might bludgeon and perhaps
kill the men who went on strike.
Remember these things to-morrow when you
go to the polls. San Francisco, has never had
a Mayor who arbitrated so many dif ncultles so
satisfactorily as Mayor Schmitz has done. The
prosperity and high wages now existing in
San Francisco are mainlydue to the confidence
following the election of Mayor Schmttz. He
gained the confidence of all. and It is the duty
of every voter to Indorse his administration
and vote for the delegation pledged to secure
his re-election. • ..- , •
Show your strength and rebuke the renegades
and traitors who seek to destroy our party.
Our motto should be, "One for all and all
lor one," and long life to these United States
and the liberty of brotherhood.
CONNOLLY GRILLS CASEY..
J. J. Connolly of the Plasterers' Union
spoke as follows:
R0NC0VIERI WELCOMED.
SCHMITZ THE ISSUE.
In calling the meeting to order Chair
man Mlllmore said:
I have been requested to act as chairman this
evening, and It affords me great pleasure to
do »o and to have our worthy Mayor on this
platform. There Is much discussion as to
which faction of the Union Labor party Is
the right one to support and which one Is in
the right. Your gathering here to-night shows
which faction you evidently think is the right
one. As chairman of the first convention
held in this city of the Union Labor party, it
gives me pleasure to preside here to-night.
There is no need for me* to eulogixe the acts
of Mayor Schmitz. for you all know what
he han done since he assumed office. He has
faithfully carried out all the pledges he made
before elecjUon, and has given special privi
leges to none and equal privileges to all. I feel
sure that the teamsters of this city will not
forget the man who kept the police from being
armed and placed on the street cars during
the big strike, despite the claims of certain
so-called labor leaders. By your votes to
morrow you must announce that Eugene E.
Schmitz shall be Mayor of this city for an
other term, and thus support him as our
valiant standard-bearer of the Union Labor
party.
THE wing of the Union Labor party
supporting: Mayor Eugene Schmitz
In the pending: campaign lield a
ratification meeting last, evening
at the Alhambra Theater, which
was crowded to its capacity.
The various speakers who addressed the
gathering dwelt . upon the qualifications
and record of the Mayor and. vehemently
denounced Michael Casey, who is at the
head of the labor faction that is opposed
to the re-election of Mayor Schmitz on
the labor party ticket. ¦ .
Previous to the opening of the meeting
a band discoursed popular airs in front
of the theater, and a large quantity of
campaign literature was distributed to
those who entered the theater. A large
number of police officers was on hand to
preserve peace in case members of the
opposing factions might clash, but there
was no sign of disorder, either inside or
outside the theater. A man who was dis
tributing circulars which contained an at
tack on Mayor Schmitz was arrested for
violating a city ordinance. Beyond this
incident the meeting was not disturbed in
any manner.
The /eftrences by the speakers to Mayor
Schmitz*"were all loudly applauded, while
the mention of the name of Michael
Casey drew hisses and groans from all
parts of the house.
Joseph Mlllmore presided at the meet
ing, and among those on the platform
were Alfred Roncovleri, Powel Fredrick,
Thomas F. Egan, Captain George Krump
hoff, J. J> Connolly, James de Succa,
James Coffey, Senator Bunkers, George
Duffy, James Quinn, George A. SIskyral,
James Wilson. E. J. Deaver, D. Moriarity.
J. P. McGee, George F. Aubertlne and
Supervisor Walsh.
Alameda's Executive
Committee States
Its Demands.
Other Views on Mokel
umne Taken by Two
Large Counties.
The Unite'd Republican
League Followers
Expect a Victory
Schmitz Is Greeted
With Cheers and
Casey Is Hooted
CITIZEN WANTS
RIVER DREDGED
FRANCHISE HOW
REACHES FOCUS
PRIMARY ELECTION TO-DAY PREMISES
HEAVY VOTE IN SEVERAL DISTRICTS
THE % SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
EVENTS of the last
forty - eight hours
seem to have awak
ened considerable public in
terest in to-day's primary
election. ' Last night careful
politicians- predicted that
30,000 voters would partici
pate in the contest.' There is
talk that 2000 votes will be
cast in the Forty-first Dis
trict. This district is agi
tated by rumors that the Re
publican ticket put in the
field by Mike Smith, in op
position to the United Re
publican League and the
Dibble-Daggett tickets, has
lost its backing. The report
goes that Smith's followers
have gone over to - the
Democratic camp to assist
the Horse and Cart man
agers. -•¦•¦•
• • In the Twenty-eighth A's
sembly District Boss Martin
Kelly's henchmen are put
ting'up a hard fight against
\the United Republican
League. In this district the
league ticket is headed by
Harbor Commissioner John
C. Kirkpatrick, and is. sus
tained by property-owners
and representative citizens.
There are indications that
Jesse Marks will have the
battle of his life to maintain
his supremacy in the Forty
tieth District. Many of the
able workers who fought
under Marks in former po
litical campaigns have es
poused the cause ' of the
United Republican League.
5
••^•••••••••••OM«««« •••••••••••••••••••••••
• "WARMS ME DP " v** -S^fSJ^S- 5
0 IT iilVlfltJ lllL* . VI • have been cured, or •
* t*4^^ \ - J3I/ Nervous i>et>ui'y 5
0 >4*Oeji§B /^*^^/ **•" ? - \ wno have been 0
J? p^^mjBfa ¦ • - # , * . ' yy had no confidence q
m W'^M&mL 4 '** ' '* * -^. -S^^-sJ&m ln themselves at 2J
© sJSSsjJ "" *V*»? x*-^ ****-""\A ~* « I are wea3t now "^ •
5? ffC^-^SJ? * **C ?"^•**W''m- that ¦ you ¦ ¦ ¦ wer* ". Z
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. 5
• DR.' M. C. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: The nervous weakness! complained of tha O
A ¦ -last six or seven months has entirely cone. Tour Belt cured me In two months. . The G '
Z B#lt has also done wonders for my son. who bad a bad case of rheumatism. Slnc« a
-2-' my cure I have praised your Belt to many doctors a« well as. others, and will con-
• tlnue to do »o. Tours sincerely, . H. W. TOCNG, Port Harford. CaJ. J
O ¦ - '" ' They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet In tils 9
.0 country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt. 0
Ck Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what .yon ought to O
f| be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there a remedy which Is as 0
a simple, as easy to use,. as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlln's Electrio a
2 Belt? I have not seen one. Tou must try it. In Justice to yourself and to those J?
.9 .who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a> V
# matter ought not to be delayed. ©
0 It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no troubls. 2
0 Tou feel the gentle, glowing heat from It constantly, but . no sting, no burning, jus In O
£_- old-style belts. Q
£) Call to-day or send for my beautiful book of the things a man likes to read if 0
A he wants to be a strong; man. I send it sealed, free. Cut out this ad. q
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlih, 90 SsL 8t> !
a Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. , 0)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAT^R DESTOOYS^THE KIDNEYS
Was Miserable — Could Not Stand Up or Walk—
•'-'¦- ; " Pe-ru-na Cured.
tied ln the pelvic organs, ( ..„-. ,«. M _— . I
making life a burden and ) v. JAMXS M. POWELL. J
giving me little hope of »-\^-^-*^«-^^.^ *^-^--^---^-->— -^--^ — v«-»—^«»-w>»«->^
recovery. I spent hundreds „
of dollars in medicine which did me no No other systemic catarrh remedy has
eood. I- was persuaded by a friend to try as yet been devised. Insist upon having
Peruna I took It two weeks without Peruna. There are no medicines that can.
much improvement, but I kept on with be substituted.
it and soon began to get well and strong If you do not derive Dtpmpt and satis-
very fast Within two months I was factory results from the use of Peruna.
cured^and have been well ever since. I write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
am a strong advocate of Peruna."— C. full statement of your case and he will
Hershman be pleased to give you his valuable advice
Peruna cures catarrh of the kidneys, gratis.
liver and other pelvic organs, simply be- Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
cause It cures catarrh wherever located. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
i>ou Die The wood is maplCj nicely fin .
ished. It makes ideal bedroom fur-
l^^^l niture and is used extensively. '
Bed measures 6 feet 3 inches(
. high and 4 feet 6 inches wide.
J& Dresser measures 70 inches high
and 43 inches wide.
The mirror is a genuine French
/v/\rm/l bevel plate and measures 24 by 30
gooa inches
We're not doing the pieces jus-
C! I T C±f\ Ce * n tte P* cture above— they lot>k
so muc h n i cer on e floo n
k Come in and see them — you are
i\ ¦'* USt aS we^ come to 1°°^ as to buy.
957 to 977 JWarUL&t St.GOVERNOR APPOINTS
V DELEGATES TO SEATTLE
Names Citizens Who Are to Repre
sent California at Trans-Missis
sippi Commercial Congress.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 10.— The following
appointments were made public at the
Governor's office to-day. Delegates to the
Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress,
to be held in Seattle August 18 to 21—
Frank D.' Ryan, Sacramento; Colvin . B.
Brown, Sacramento; C. B. Booth, Los An
geles; H. D. Loveland, San Francisco; M.
C. Nason, San Diego, and Hugh Craig,
San Francisco. James A. White of Plac
erville, guardian of the Marshall monu
ment and grounds, vice Francis Nlcholls,
term expired. The Governor has named
Judge F. B. Ogrden of Oakland. to hear
certain cases in the Superior Court of
Cake County, Judge Crump of that coun
ty having died. *
CIRCUIT COURT UPHOLDS
ACTS OF INDIAN AGENT
Declares That Expulsion of Pros
pectors From Reservation Is
Authorized by Law.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Aug. 10.— In the in
junction suit of M. F. Gibson vs. Indian
Agent Anderson. Judge Hanford of the
United States Circuit Court has handed
down a decision upholding Agent Ander
son in expelling Gibson from the Spo
kane Indian reservation, where the lat
ter had located mining claims. Gibson
contended that under the general law he
could locate claims previous to the Presi
dent's proclamation withdrawing the land
and hold them in spite of that order. The
ruling Involves much valuable mining
property, claims to which are now de
clared worthless.
FEARS SALMON PACE
WILL BE A FAILXJBE
Manager of the Pacific Sealing Com
pany Says the Outlook Is
. ; Discouraging.
SEATTLE. Aujr. 10.— With only 97.700
cases 01 sockeye salmon on the Sound
and Indications pointing to an early close
of the season, there is every reason to
fear that the saimon pack this year will
be a practical failure. This is the opin
ion of Charles Corby, manager of the
Pacific Sealing: Company.
The pack of less than 98,000 cases this
year shows a shortage of almost 125,000
cases as compared with the catch last
year at this time.
VOLCANO OF XHjATTEA
BESTJ1EES ITS ACTIVITY
Much Smoke Rises From Crater and
Intense Subterranean Heat Is
Again Manifested.
HONOLULU. Aug. 10.— The volcano of
Kllauea, on the island of Hawaii, tha
movement of which was suspended a few
days ago by a lava slide into the pit of the
crater, has resumed its normal state of
activity. A considerable Quantity of
smoke is rising from the mountain, and
intense subterranean heat Is again mani
fest In the neighborhood of the crater.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The following
Californians are In New York:
San Francisco— J. H. P. Atkins, at tha
Everett: J. Brower. J. F. Sheridan, at
the Grand Union; F. F. Conner, B. Lipp
man, at the Herald Square; B. Doble, at
the Grand; G. J. Henry Jr., at the Im
perial; W. S. Llndsey, at the Continental:
G. 8. McKenzie, W. W. Pulllan, at the
Victoria: W. Rosenthal, at the Metropoli
tan; T. T. Williams, at the Holland.
Los Angeles— C. V. Sprague, at the
Grand Union: Miss A. Wessell. at the
Imperial.
San Diego— H. E. Griswold, at the Marl
borough.
Californians in New York.
L. Hopkins, chief artist of the Sydney
Bulletin, is a guest at the Palace. He went
toy Sydney some twenty years ago and
has been there ever since. He is now
making a tour of the -world and will re
turn home by way of the Red Sea.
Benjamin Turner, vice president of a
large paper company In Plattsburg, N. Y.,
is at the Palace, having arrived yesterday
from British Columbia, where he has been
looking over a site on which his company
purposes to erect a big paper mill.
James A. Beaver, former Governor of
Pennsylvania and now Judge of the Su
perior Court of Bellfonte, and his legal
associate, John M. Dale, who have been
In Southern California on business, came
north yesterday and are stopping at the
Palace.- Judge Beaver has not visited
San Francisco before In sixteen years.
George L. Fish, formerly a wholesale
grocer of Oakland, who, for several years
has been engaged In mining In Nome,
arrived from the north yesterday U
at the Palace.
Bernard Moses, for many years pro
fessor of history at the State University
and latterly a member of the Philippine
commission, arrived from the East yes
terday evening with his wife and is reg
istered at the Palace.
"W. A. Blssell, assistant traffic manager
o; the Santa Fe road, returned yesterday
from a three months' visit to Lake Tahoe.
Charles S. Orpin, business manager of
the Dally Humboldt Times of Eureka is
at the Lick for a few days on business.
Dr. John Gallagher and Dr. Wilbur M.
Swett have returned from a three weeks'
trip to Mendocino and Humboldt coun
ties. They killed six bucks.
Perslfer Frazer Jr.. a member of one
of Philadelphia's leading families, is
among the latest arrivals at the Palace.
E. A. Bullard, manager of the Ameri
can Slate Company of Boston, ia at tho
Grand.
Dr. John G. Cecil of Louisville is at the
Palace.
Dr. A. J. Rice of Detroit is at the Pal
ace. * ,
Dr. John L. Burkhart of Manila ia at
the Occidental.
Dr. A. F. Schafer of Bakersfleld Is a
guest at the LJcfc.
Dr. Clark Coones of "Washington, D. C,
ia at the Occidental.
T. J. Field, one of Monterey's bankers,
and his wife are at the .Palace.
James H. Peabody. Governor of Colo
rado, is expected In the city next week.
J. P. O'Brien, District Attorney of
Troy. N. Y., arrived from the East yes
terday and Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
When young Gonzalves learned that
transportation had been sent to him at
Chicago he said he would wait in Council
Bluffs for It. He said he will have no
difficulty In identifying himself when he
finds his mother and believes she will
recognize him. The boy says he has a
number of wealthy relatives, one of
them, an uncle, living in Honolulu.
Young Gonzalves' father left auite a
fortune, of which he will not come Into
possession until he is 21 years of age.
The police here expect to hear from his
Oakland relatives in a short time.
COUNCIL. BLUFFS. Iowa, Aug. 10.—
August Gonzalves, the Portuguese boy
whose mother in California has made an
extraordinary effort to locate him, was
picked up in the Chicago and Northwest
ern freight yards in this cfty early to
day, having Just arrived from Chicago
en route West He was taken to the po
lice station, wheref 1 he made known his
identity and a wish to reach Oakland.
He carried with him a Chicago paper
detailing the ' story recently published
about his travels and family connections.
He told of his wanderings since Ms fath
er kidnaped him I in Oakland, and said
he had been a cabin boy and his father's
ship carpenter during most of his ocean
trips, which included voyages to Portu
gal, the Madeira Islands and South Af
rica. >/^ ' :V / :
CITY OF MEXICO, Aug. 10.— The erup
tion of Mount Colima showed increased
activity last night and to-day. The seis
mic disturbances which accompanied the
eruptions added to the terror of the pop
ulace. The earthquake shock was felt
throughout the country bordering on the
Pacific, from Mazatlan to the isthmus
of Tehuantepec. Severe damage was done
to buildings in a nuixsber of pueblos in
the state of Guerrero, tut no loss of life
Is reported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
IOWA POLICE
FIND KIDNAPED
OAKLAND BOY
EARTHQUAKES
IN VICINITY OF
MOUNT COLIMA
The Board of Education has resumed its Sway over
•the schools, newly opened, and not a single sugges
tion of nepotism or scandal has yet marred the scene.
If experience be any teacher this is. probably the lull
before the storm. We can always rely on the School
Board for several sensations during each school
term.
The young lady of Oakland who has been forced
by the police, at the intercession of her mother, to
stifle her ambition to go upon the stage, is hardly
old enough to realize wfiat a sweeping benefit has
been won to her and an enduring public. Some day
she will reflect what some Oaklanders have done to
the stage and she will be glad that she was not an
accessory.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S letter to Gover
nor Durbin of Indiana commending him for
his resolute action in upholding the law of the
land against a mob of lynchers'will do much to con
firm and to augment the growing public sentiment in
favor of dealing summarily with violent offenders
against the good order of society and the dignity of
American law. ,
It is to be noted that Mr. Roosevelt writes not, as
President of the United States but as a citizen. His
opening words are: "Permit me to thank you as an
American citizen for the way in which you have vin
dicated the majesty of the law by your recent action
in reference to lynching." That of course is the
proper way .for Mr. Roosevelt to> speak. Our system
of government does not admit of a President so far
interfering with State affairs as to either condemn or
approve officially of what a Governor has done or
left undone, and accordingly Mr. Roosevelt carefully
avoided all captious objections on that score by ex
pressly stating that he wrote hot as President but.as
a private citizen, exercising the American right of
declaring his conviction on every subject of public
concern. «
While the people will recognize the tact of Mr.
Roosevelt in avoiding anything like an official super
vision of the conduct of the. Governor, they will none
the less bear in mind that he is after all President of
the United States; that his letter is an expression of
the commendation of the chief magistrate of the re
public, and as such the great mass of the American
people will approve and indorse it. — ¦'
In truth the frequency of' lynching of late ; has
become a matter of serious import to the country.
As the President says: "The well being— indeed the
very existence— of the republic depends upon that
orderly liberty under the law which is as incompatible
with mob violence as with any , other form of des
potism. Of course mob, violence is simply one form
of anarchy, and anarchy is now, as it always will be,
the handmaiden and forerunner of tyranny." •> That
truth isone which for some strange reason consid
erable numbers of people* seem to have forgotten. It
is therefore imperative to have it reasserted sjgainfarid
again by every man whose voice commands public at
tention. ¦ ¦ '
ROOSEVELT TO DURBIN.
P^ ROFESSOR LANGLEY and Thomas A. Edi
son are men who have done much, but each of
them has promised so much more than he has
done that they may be rightly spoken of* as the two
most promising men in America. If we could have
had prompt realization of all the promises of these
gifted men we would ourselves as a people have been
gifted by this time, and fish would not be in it with us
as navigators of the under depths of the' sea, nor the
birds as travelers along the trackless wastes of air.
For a long time past Professor Langley has been
promising a flying machine that would make the
dirigible balloon look like a summer toy with a
string on it, and only a few days ago he went down
the Potomac to "make good." With much curiosity
and some large expectations the public waited for the
next news. First we learned that a storm had come
along and shaken some of the mechanism of the craft
out of gear. Next came a report that certain bel
ligerent clubmen had ordered Langley to take his
machine out of their house and their grounds. Then
came the climax. The machine when released on her
experimental trip rose gallantly and swiftly in the
air. For as much as three minutes the experiment
was a grand success. After that time something hap
pened. The spectators saw the soaring machine sud
denly turn her tail up and her nose down and make
a plunge for the river. Driven by her powerful en
gines she struck the water with such force as to cleave
clean through it and bury her nose so far in the mud
that if took a dredger to get her out.
So disappointing a result from an experiment of
which so much was promised would unquestionably
have saddened the American people for at least nine
days had they been left to meditate upon it. Fortu
nately no meditation has been permitted them. The
same day that brought the news of the failure of
Langley's promise brings us news of another promise
from Edison, so we can turn from the spilt milk of
the flying machine to enjoy the cream of what prom
ises an automobile for every family and two for those
who are greedy.
Mr. Edison now promises to construct immedi
ately a motor and a battery of such a design and so
light that it can be fitted to the body of any existing
four-wheeled vehicle and which, when thus attached,
will drive. that vehicle over an ordinary country. road
at a rate of twenty-five miles an " hour. There is a
promise big enough to console us for the loss of our
expected flying machine. Perhaps Mr. Edison may
in a few weeks try his motor. .Then we shall see
MEN OF PROMISE.
It is expected that in a few days a Seattle news
paper man will have finished a trio around the world
in fifty-five days. Even the extravagance of tha
riotous imagination of a Verne was not equal to the
possibilities and wonders of modern progress.
A new plot of murderous design has been hatched
in Servia because the assassins of Alexander and
Draga have not been honored by promotion in of
ficial service. It is not altogether improbable there
fore that King Peter, reflecting that murder placed
him upon a throne, may decide that the same expe
dient shall keep him there.
It is not a far cry back to 1896, only seven years,
but what greater change could be than the abandon
ment, even by silver countries, of the divine ratio of
r6 to I insisted upon by Mr. Bryan as necessary to
the prosperity of nations and the industrial salvation
of the world!
His party proposes to repent of its sins of that
time. But when one measures the offense by its pos
sible and natural consequences had it been crystallized
into a policy by the success of its advocates it rises to
such awful stature as to require that repentance be
impressed by penance, probation and apology.
In the progress of the commission through Europe
there h2s been no manifestation of life in the free
silver movement. The followers of'Henri Cernuschi
in the states of the Latin union have all disappeared.
In the honeymoon of Mr. Bryan's career he was
actively supported by that school, and even Balfour
in England moved uneasily and unwisely toward the
Nebraskan's position. European socialists, too, were
impressed by the arguments of the Democratic
leader. But now there is no like sign from any quar
ter. The 1896 phase of the issue, which had such
sympathy and support abroad, has been settled by the
United States in favor of the gold standard. Since
that world adjustment was made there have been
steady accessions to the roll of gold standard coun
tries. As soon as an international ratio is settled it
ma? be expected that more recruits will come. Ap
parently .Mexico is only waiting for that event. In
every capital visited by our ratio commission its
members have found the representatives of China
keenly and intelligently alive to the issue, and it may
well be that that vast empire^ will begin its needed
internal reforms by following Japan into the gold
standard camp.
titments arc cut out to the clean question of ratio.
The gold standard countries use, as we do, silver for
currency and for token or subsidiary coins. Like the
United States they arc all subject to the fluctuations
of silver bullion, and as their coinage ratio at present
is so far from the commercial ratio they find their
silver currency an element of disturbance.
Our commission finds the European powers quite
ready to discuss the question and reach a solution
which will leave less margin between the artificial or
coinage ratio and the average commercial difference
between the two metals. There is a general conviction
that actual values will never again closely approxi
mate the former and existing coinage ratio. For a
long time France, even under the gold standard, has
stubbornly insisted that her ratio of 1S 1 A to I Was the
best that could be reached. The other gold countries
have disbelieved this, but have made no move for %
ratio reform. France now seems to willingly give it up,
and ;vith the others agree that silver will never again
have the commercial value of $1.2929 per ounce as
when she set her existing ratio. It is reported by our
* ...
commissioners that she assents to a new ratio of 31
to I or one-half her present standard.
The attractive reason for a new ratio, offered by the
American*, is that it is necessary to the financial' sta
bility of the Oriental countries. The leading Euro
pean nations and the United States have a partnership
of interests in the Orient through territorial pos
sessions there, and all have a community of interest in
the Oriental trade. For both reasons they should
desire a ratio that will for a long time closely approx
imate the actual value relation of gold and silver. The
commission has found encouragement in London,
Paris, The Hague and Berlin, and is in St Petersburg
to sound the Czar on the subject. If all those nations
agree with us upon a ratio there will be nothing in
the way of its adoption.
THE United States, with the sympathy of Mex
ico, has a commission abroad to arrange an in
ternational coinage ratio for silver and gold.
NEW GOLD AND SILVER RATIO.
TUESDAY....* AUGUST 11, IQQ3
;0hN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. £
litmt All Communications to W. S. LEAI^E. _M°«^B^
TELEPHONE.
Afck for THE CALL. The Operator Will' Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCnLICATIOX OFFICE... Blarket and Third. S. F.
CUrrOItlAL. ROOMS... r . 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 73 Ct=.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terras by Mali, Ircluflla* Pc«Uge (C«sh With Order) :
DAJLT CALL Occluding Sunday). on« year "'I!!!
DAILY CALL (Including Bnaday). « months 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By Eicxle Month.... 7 °«
SUNDAY CALL. On* Year 3 "*»"
WEEKLY CALL, On* Year XMO
f Dally... ?S.8O Per Year Kxtra
FOREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly. . 1.00 Per Tear Extra
All Pontmaatera are anthorlied to receive
¦ultucrtptlons.
Eatrple ccpJea will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* in ordertne chaajre of a/idreM ahould be
particular to five both XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
10 Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requect.
OAKUM) OFFICE.
II1S Brood way Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE. ,
M<8 Center Street Telephone Iforth TT
C. GEORGE KROGM2SS. Manaffer Forelsrn AdTer
ll.inc. Marqnette IJuil.llnjr, Chlcuaro.
'Loss Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CllAAB 14OC G Street, If. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fcTEPHEN W. SMITH 3O Tribune Dulldlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARL.TOX Herald Square
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of CJay. open
until 9:S0 o'clock. SOO H&yea. open until 0:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:SO o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
P SO o'clock. JM1 MUslon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
keel*. cj*r. unu; » ©"clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. N»- corner Twenty-iecond and Kentucky, open
BKtri *• ¦'rtock. 'J2vo Flllmorc. open until 9 p. m.
Alaskan wildernesses will be brought into connection
with one another. When that is done the task of
uniting the systems of America with those of Asia
by the northern route will hardly be more difficult
than that of connecting the North American , lines
with those of South America across the mighty
mountains that interpose. Neither project is to be
expected speedily, but each is within the scope of the
energy of the century which has opened with such
great expectations and some of the children of this
generation may live to make the grand all rail trip
from Paris to Buenos Ayres in first-class cars and
at a rate of speed that will admit of making the jour
ney as a mere holiday trip.
AMONG the many vast enterprises which now
engage the attention of speculative men none
are more imposing " in their dimensions or
more interesting in their possibilities than the two
great railway projects now before the American
people. One of these projects aims at the construc
tion of a Pan-American railway extending from Can-^
ada to Patagonia, while the other aims at the con
struction of an all rail route from New York to Paris
via Alaska and Siberia.
Neither project seems feasible to the conservative
mind, and yet no intelligent man will, pronounce
either of them to be impossible or even impracticable.
As a matter of fact the only serious obstacle in the
way of either is one of finance rather than of engineer
ing. Capitalists abstain from undertaking them solely
from a well grounded .fear that they will not pay
interest on the investment. If it could be assured
that a railway across the wilds of Alaska and Siberia
would pay dividends right along there would be no
great difficulty in finding men to embark upon the
enterprise. * """
As a matter of fact it appears to be quite probable
that the Pan-American road will come of itself, as it
were, without waiting for any grand combination of
capitalists to finance it. The Canadian railway sys
tetr. is closely connected with; that of the United
States, and our system has close relations with the
Mexican lines. Several of the South American lines
are within reaching distance of the isthmus and a
few connections here and there, made from time to
time, will eventually bring the systems of the two
continents nearer and nearer to a common meeting
point.
Recent reports show that considerable improve
ment is going on along the South American lines
even now. A summary of the work going on in that
continent says:
"The Government of the Argentine Republic has'
pushed the building of its railway lines from Jujuy,
formerly the northern terminus, till they are now
close to the boundary of Bolivia, and Bolivia also is
encouraging the extension of its system south along
the route of the intercontinental survey so as to con
nect with the Argentine system. Chile, which has a
most extensive railway network, is encouraging the
trans-Andean project that will bring Santiago into
through rail connection with Buenos Ayres. Peru
is also having an era of railway building, some actual,
more in prospect. By the. end of the present year it
is likely that the gaps between New York and Buenos
Ayres on the intercontinental route will not aggre
gate more than 4700 miles, as against 5200 miies when
the last reports were made."
The grand project of an all rail route from New
York to Paris appears much more formidable and
impracticable than the Pan-American, and yet it may
prove to be less so. Russia has now in operation a
line across Siberia. Canada is talking ' of a great
northern road to extend her lines to Dawson and the
Klondike country. American energy has built several
lines in Alaska. It is not improbable that at a time
not very far distant those scattered roads in the
BIG RAILWAY PROJECTS.
The two triple-screw ¦ cruisers Columbia
and Minneapolis are being fitted out fcr
service* at sea after, a rest of nearly five
years,, during which they. have served as
receiving ships at New York and League
Island. They are not, as some naval ex
perts in this country assert, failures, but
they are unquestionably uneconomical as
cruisers." The triple-screw system," while
apparently' abandoned in our navy, has
grown In favor In the navies of France,
Germany and | Russia, and all the recent
battleships and armored cruisers of those
powers are fitted with triple screws. The
defect in our two cruisers is due solely
to the Doilers, : and not to the . principle
of dividing 22.000 horse-power between
three engines. . The slightly - increased
space, weight and 1 personnel required are
fully -compensated for by decreased liabil
ity, of breakdowns and saving in fuel
when using only one engine or.one-thlrd
power under. ordinary cruising speed. In
foreign navies, except that of Great Brit
ain," these r; latter advantages evidently
outweigh all other alleged drawbacks,
and it is to x be : assumed that the 'foreign
naval experts have thoroughly ! studied
the military and "economic i value of the
triple-screw ¦ system. :1*gjg?jlBfflHHI
The cost of the new Naval Academy at
Annapolis will far exceed the original
estimated cost of $4,000,000. Considerable
progress has been made on the buildings
proper, such as officers' and cadets" quar
ters, but the contracts for accessories
have not yet been awarded. Bids were
opened last month for building the chapel,
the lowest being $365,000. The gymnasium
bids ranged from $222,800 to $230,000, and
the building .of 'a sea wall will require
$141,000. The total cost of the entire In
stitution will be very close to $3,000,000
when finally completed.
The President has Issued an > order In
creasing the pay of enlisted men serv
ing, in gun crews. Heavy gun pointers,
from 13-inch to 7-inch, are to receive from
$10 to 56 a month extra pay. 'Thos.2 of
7-lnch to 4-inch, or intermediate gun
pointers, $8 to $4, and secondary gun
pointers, comprising batteries of 3-inch
down to 1-pounders, are to have $4 to $2
a month extra pay. New ratings of lead
ing men of gun's crews are also estab
lished f with corresponding ; pay. Chief
turret 1 captain, $60 to $70; turret captain,
first class, $50, and enlisted men ; in pri
mary batteries serving a gun captain will
get $5 a month Increased pay. This order
goes. into effect October 1 next."
Two light draught river gunboats are
being built at Elbing Intended for service
in the German possessions In China. One
of these boats, named Tsingkau, ia near
ly ready for shipment. It is of 200 tons
displacement, 164 feet in' length, 26 feet
3 inches beam and draws 2 feet fully
equipped. The armament consists of one
12-pounder, one 1-pounder^ and three ma
chine guns. The motive power is by twin
screws developing about 1400 horse
power, giving a speed of 13% knots, and
the coal supply is sufficient for steaming
2000 miles at 12 knots. The complement
is 53 officers and crew. The several naval
powers have of late years built a num
ber of these serviceable river craft which
acre likely to put a stop to the depreda
tions of the pirates infesting the rivers
and coast of China. .
* ;- ¦#:.: - «
The French naval budget for 1904 is $62,
586,365, which is a decrease of only J107,
935 on the amount for, the current year.
This slight reduction affects the ship
building programme mainly. Among the
many changes made in the administration
and regulation of naval affairs the most
important one is that reducing the term
of service of crews to two years. It was
adopted by the Senate by a vote of 217
against 23.
The French armored cruiser Sully, 10,
000 tons and 50,000 horsepower, built by
contract at La Seyne, has made its full
power- steam trial and developed 20,110
horsepower and 21.4 knot speed. Its nat
ural draught trial of twenty-four hours
failed. 00 account of the breaking of a
cylinder head. The Desalx's full power
trial had also to be discontinued on ac
count of damage to the port engine. The
Marseillaise fared even worse on her trial,
owing to the carelessness of a workman
who had left some tools' in one of the
cylinders, causing a general smash when
the ship got under steam.
The change in propellers of the armored
cruiser Drake made quite an Improve
ment in the speed. With the first propel
lers, having a" blade area of 152 square
feet, the highest speed was 23.05 knots,
with 30,864 horsepower.. The new pro
pellers have an area of 210 square feet
and gave a speed of 24.11 knots, with 31.4C0
horsepower.
According to the London Times of July
17 the new armored cruiser Donegal of
9800 tons averaged 22.3 knots for thirty
consecutive hours and averaged 23.73
knots in four runs over the measured mile
course. * /
John Thornycroft & Co. of Chiswick,
England, have made another Irecord in
shipbuilding. On April 3 last the Japan
ese Government placed an order with the
firm to build a shallow-draught river gun*
boat as quickly as possible. The vessel
was launched July 14 and made its steam
trial on July 23, making a speed of four
teen knots, or one knot over the contract.
The boat is a duplicate of the British gun
boat Woodcock, built In 1898, and is 145
feet In; length, 24 feet beam and 2 feet
draught fully loaded.
An airship of war is being built in Eng
land, under direction of the War Depart
ment, and is expected to be ready for an
experimental ascent during the month.
The hull proper of this ship Is 180 feet in
length, 75 feet in height and 50 feet wide.
It is composed of an arrangement of
bamboo poles lashed together with ropes
and wires. This framework will riarig be
low the balloon and will carry, in addi
tion to the crew of five men, three fifty
horsepower petrol motors, working a set
of fans on each side of the ship. Each of
these fans has screw blades twelve feet
in length, turning at 1000 revolutions a
minute. The steeripg- is done by a rud
der twelve feet In length. The balloon
has a capacity of 200,000 cubic feet and is
calculated to lift seven tons.
This makes a total of 191 vessels-of-war
of .all types, besides auxiliary crafts, such
as dispatch vessels, colliers, etc. The to
tal complement will be about 4S.0O0, of
which 9000 will be drawn from the Naval
Reserve. .
Thirty-two battleships, including three
old ones for torpedo operations; eight
armored cruisers, including one of an old
type; seven first-class protected cruisers;
twenty- four second-class protected cruis
ers, nine third-class • protected cruisers,
U..rteen torpedo gunboats, sixty-one tor
pedo-boat destroyers, thirty-seven tor
pedo boats.
The armored cruiser 'Berwick has ex
ceeded her calculated speed of twenty
three knots during a continuous run of
eight hours by .613 knots, with 22,000
horsepower. Under one-fifth power the
average horsepower was 4676 and the
speed 14.85 knots for thirty hours, and un
der four-flf ths power the average was 16,000
horsepower and 21.64 knots during thirty
hours. The coal consumption during these
runs was 1.92 and 1.97 pounds for the
thirty hours' trials and 2.10 pounds per
unit of horsepower during the full power
trial. The ship is fitted with Nicclause
water-tube boilers, and their performance
proved quite satisfactory, giving econ
omic results fully up to those. of any other
water- tube bo Jlers and better than the
old Btyle box or Scotch type.
The British naval maneuvers are to be
on a larger scale than ever before, as will
be seen from the following number of
ships that will take part in the opera
tions:
A Washington gambler, who, in order to test the
constitutionality of a law which made gambling a
felony in the State, brought a test case, has been sent
to the penitentiary for a year. This possibly suggests
an exception to that rule which provides that every
man should have the courage of his convictions..
Every city and county election is a matter of im
portance to all citizens, but this one is especially so.
Propositions to issue bonds for large sums of money
for various public improvements have been submit
ted to the popular vote, and it is quite probable that
many, if not all of them, will be carried. That will
mean a large extraordinary expenditure in addition to
the ordinary expenditures of city and county admin
istration. The spoilsmen of politics see before them
ah opportunity for obtaining richer spoils than were
ever before possible in San Francisco, and very nat
urally they will do their uttermost to get control of
the offices for the ensuing term. Their schemes can
be defeated only by the energy of good citizens.
Apathy and indifference to-day may mean a loss of
millions of dollars to the city. It may baffle all the
movements tending to municipal progress and im
provement and bring about a period of stagnation or
worse.
While there are evidences of vigor and of hopeful
ness in the ranks of all parties the general prospects
of the time are more encouraging to Republicans than
to either of the rival organizations. The nomination
of a good ticket by the Republican convention would
virtually assure victory for the party. It therefore
behooves Republicans to make sure of good nomina
tions by electing honest, independent and public
spirited men to the convention. That is the issue
confronting them to-day, and no loyal member of the
party should permit any private business or pleasure
to interfere with his performance of his political duty.
The choice submitted to Republican voters in the
different districts is not a difficult one. The United
Republican League, which was organized to unify the
Republicans of the city and to eliminate factional dif
ferences and boss control, has done its work well by
proposing in every district a list of candidates who if
elected will worthily represent in the nominating con
vention the best traditions of the party and the best
hopes of the city. It is to be borne in mind that the
gentlemen proposed by the United League are
pledged to no faction and are subservient to no boss.
They will have no other aim in convention than that
of nominating a ticket which will merit the support
not only of all loyal Republicans but of all inde
pendents who sincerely desire the welfare of the city.
The opposition tickets are either directly controlled
by ward bosses or are indirectly playing into their
hands. For Republicans then the issue is simply that
of voting for genuine Republicanism as represented
by the United Republican League or voting for
bossism.
The appeal of the league to Republican voters says:
"Do your duty as a citizen and interest yourself in
the selection of delegates to a convention which will
name a ticket to command the respect and confidence
of the community, which will stand for a new and'
better San Francisco, which will give us an admin
istration based on business principles, which will im
prove our streets, 1 our schools, our hospitals and our
other public institutions instead of wasting our taxes
on extravagant and unnecessary salaries, and above
all will be the advance guard of the battle for con
tinued prosperity to be fought under the leadership
of Roosevelt in 1004."
To that appeal The Call has only to add an appeal
to voters of each party having candidates in the field:
Go to the primaries, vote against the bosses, elect
honest delegates to your party convention. Let us
have clean politics and good men to the front all
along the line in the campaign that awaits us.
UPON the voters of San Francisco there rest|
to-day the important duty of attending the
primaries and doing their uttermost to pro
cure the election to their party conventions of dele
gates who can be relied upon to nominate fit men
for every office to be filled at the approaching elec
tion. The duty affects equally men of all parties. It
is a duty inherent in the citizenship of a free country,
and the man who ignores it or evades it fails in one
of the essential characteristics of genuine American-
CONSTRUCTING
AN AIRSHIP FOR
WAR PURPOSES
what will happen. Of course we must count as'usual
on the unexpected, and therefore it will not be safe
to predict that as the Langley flying ship made a bee
line for the mud the Edison motor car will strike for
the skies and blow up beyond the moon.
THE DUTY OF TO-DAY.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,, AUGUST 11, 1903.
GIBRALTAR. Aug. 10. — Th* Amsrtcaa
squadron under Rear Admiral Cotton has ar
rived hero from Lisbon on Its way to Vtlle
tranche. Southern France.
Special Information supplied dally to
business nouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call-,
f ornia street. Telephone Main 1043: «¦ •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artlstlo fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 713 Market st.. above Call bids. •
-WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 10.—Ar
rivals. New Willard— Edward Kelly. San
Francisco; A. P. Boetz, Sacramento.
Californians in "Washington.
6
THE CIVIL WAB IN
PICTORIAL PANORAMA
IN all the gamut of human emotions there b nothing that stirs the
inmost soul of man like the clash of war. Civilization may cul-
tivate lamblike virtues, but it does not eradicate the instinct for the
heroic and the ferocious. In music it is the crashing martial strain that
makes the strongest appeal to the greatest number. In mythology the
greatest warriors are given most reverence. In history the battle cry
ever sounds the loudest, most sensuous note; while in art it is the wild
scenes of blood and carnas:e-^of daredevil attack and desperate defense—
in the awful shock of contending forces that rouses all the passions to
fever heat. And thus it is that around the spirit that will do and die for
a principle the tenderest sentiments ever cling. And thus it is. too.
that the coming Encampment of th« Grand Army of the Republic in
our city stands as the symbol of all America's present grandeur.
To those whose names make up its roll of honor that stupendous
struggle must ever be a vivid reality, but to those of the younger gen-
eration the hope and despair of that fierce conflict must be seen through
the eyes of the artist and the painter. And it is a remarkable fact that
some of the best battle scenes ever painted are those depicting our great
Civil War from beginning to end. •
* ; It is this fact that has enabled The Sunday. Call in its special
G. A. R. Edition next Sunday to present its readers with the best pic-
torial panorama of fiercest . battles of the war that can be offered by a
modern newspaper^ Beginning with General Grant's victory at Fort
Donelson, these pictures carry you through the entire war to its, spec-
tacular close with the surrender of General Lee at Appomattox. which
scene alone, replete as it is with historical characters, is one of the most
notable pictures ever reproduced on a modern color press. There is
"The Battle of Shiloh." "Chattanooga." "The Siege of Vicksburg."
"Sherman's March to the Sea." "The Battle of Gettysburg," "Grant's Ca-
reer From West Point to Appomattox," etc
And in the line of fiction the greatest popularity has ever been given
to tales of love and. war. Just think what themes the Civil War had to
offer! And what sentiment, 'too! There is "Forty Years After" in the
next Sunday Call, for instance. It is a story of the wavering tide of
battle at Vicksburg. *with a thrill ingly pathetic denouement in this citv.
Then there is "A Girl of the South," "Fate's Pence." "A War Vision"
and "Trying Him Out." which latter will bring back the most stirring
memories to any one who knows anything about war.
And in a different way, how many know anything about the
speeches that created that awful slaughter. There are two pages of fervid
eloquence that will simply amaze you who* read them now,- so many
years after.
. And even more strangely appealing are the two pages of. anecdotes
from the hospital, the bivouac and the battlefield told by women who
consecrated their lives to ''nursing. It is war— actual war— from the
point of view of over fiftv of these ministering angels.
And last but not least, there is that magnificent Supplement — t-nder
sentiment crystallized into color— "The Old Army Chest." wherein a
hardy Vairtor of the rebellion is showing his treasures to his beautiful
fair-haired daughter. Just register a deep- voiced complaint with your
earner if you do not get this picture with your G. A. R. Edition of the
next Sunday Call. .Robert T. Baker, drayman, 857 Bryant
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest
of Felix Quedro and Richard Green, two
of his teamsters, on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. He said that they
had a dispute on Saturday and Quedro
and Green attacked him with a pair of
scissors and an Iron bar. , They were ar
rested and each released on $25 cash bail.
They said that Baker was the aggressor,
and Quedro complained that S Baker had
Kitten him on the nose.
Draymen Have a Fight.
A United States civil service examina
tion is announced for August 26 and 27
to secure elisribles to fill a/ vacancy in
the position of drawing teacher at the
Carlisle School at $720 per annum. Age
limit 20 years or over. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C or to the secretary,
of the Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street, for
application form 1312.
graphs of Mr. Lynch's signature, both
genuine and forged, and tried to make the
witness admit that they might have been
taken at an angle and therefore failed to
reproduce truthfully . the minor char
acteristics of the writing. The 'expert,
however, explained that the sheet of pa
per containing the signature and the plate
of the photographic camera were on
parallel vertical planes arid that the en
larged reproductions were exact copies of
the original without distortion or exag
geration •'. of anv kind. ~
Mr. Shortridge asked whether what a
man wrote in the morning would not ex
hibit some difference when compared with
the same matter written in the ¦ evening;
whether . there would • not : be considerable
difference", in a man's signature on the
morning after ho had attended a late ban
quet' and-' on the ¦¦ morning after- having
gone to bed sober and early on the even
ing of the preceding day. The expert re
plied, to make a stronger illustration of
his idea, thatif axnarffrmade^his signa
ture while seasick " orj riding " on horse
back ¦" or in any .' other . awkward , position
the individual peculiarities of, his writing
would be exhibited; all the more strongly;
that in fact the more -awkward or con
strained the position '. the , more " salient
would >be •¦ those characteristics. " He
added that * business ; men * never change
their handwriting, unless designedly, and
for the purpose of disguising it.'
THE MARTIN CASE.
Mr. Shortridca than put a hypothetical
Drawing Teacher Wanted.
An Interesting lecture on the subject of
handwriting, as exhibiting the individual
ity of the writer and the modes by which
a forged signature may be distinguished
from a genuine one, was delivered yester
day forenoon\in the United States Dis
trict Court, with Carl Eisenschimmel as
lecturer, Samuel M. Shortridge as teaser,
United States District Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth as backer, United States
District Judge de Haven as peacemaker,
a jur.y of twelve as referee and William
H. Dillard In the blackground as the
prisoner at the bar, accused of forging
the signature of Internal Revenue Col
lector John C. Lynch to fraudulent Chi
nese certificates of registration.
Expert Eisenschimmel had testified on
the preceding day of the trial, that the
signatures of Collector Lynch on four
teen of the fraudulent certificates were
forged. Mr. Shortridge, on cross-exami
nation, attempted to break the force of
the testimony by impugning Eisenschim
mel's motives, as well as attacking his
competency. The expert, however, was
cautious in his replies as well as posi
tive, and took pains to impress the jury
with the fact Xhat x he had made up his
mind after careful examination before
giving his testimony, and that on the sub
ject of which .he had spoken he was as
Infallible as the Delphian Oracle." Not
withstanding that the witness appeared to
be of a nervous, excitable temperament,
he avoided the trap set for him by the
<*>unsel and kept well on his feet during
the whole time of the seance. Mr. Short
ridge asked him whether he did not tes
tify always in favor of the side that em
ployed him, and the reply was given that
such was not the fact, that he had often
given an opinion adverse to the hopes of
the persons who Had called him in and
thereby lost the opportunity of employ
ment at a good fee.
CHANGE OP OPINION.
"Have you not sometimes' on further
examination changed your opinion as to
the genuineness of ' a signature?", ques
tioned the lawyer. • .
"Never, sir," was the emphatic answer
of. the expert, "because ray opinion Is
based up<Jn careful \ investigation aria
therefore cannot be changed."
Then the lawyer proceeded to attack
the truthfulness 'of the enlarged photo*
Testify in the Dillard
Trial Regarding Sig
natures.
Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
yesterday by Thomas S. Williams against
Ellen E. -Williams, Mary Stevenson
against George T. Stevenson and Mamie
S- Kafouri against Abraham Kafourl, ana
Marian "Van Zandt against Reuben Van
Zandt and Maud I. Bradford against
Frank F. Bradford for neglect.
Yesterday Alice C. Hawkes was granted
a divorce from C. E. Hawdes for deser
tion by Judge Kerrigan. She was also
awarded the custody of their two chil
dren. She accepted $1000 cash in lieu of
monthly alimony. Divorces were granted
to Lillle Westphal from Ernest H. A.
Westpiial for infidelity and Richard Chen
oweth from Elizabeth Chenoweth for de
sertion.
MRS. HAWXES GETS DIVORCE
AND CUSTODY OF CHILDREN
She Waives All Claims for Alimony
Upon the Payment of
$1000.
EXPERTS GIVE
THEIR VIEWS
The objects of the society are the acqui
sition of knowledge of American history;
to help preserve the places made sacred
by the men and women who forwarded
American Independence; to ascertain the
deeds and honor the memories of children
and youth who rendered service during
the American Revolution; to promote the
celebration of all patrl6tic anniversaries;
to hold our American flag sacred above
every other flag on earth, and to love,
uphold and extend the institutions of
American liberty and patriotism and the
principles that made and saved our coun
try.
Mrs. Warren, who is the curator of Se
quoia Chapter. Daughters of the Ameri
can Revolution, feels highly honored at
the distinction conferred upon her by the
national society, and brings to her new
and responsible position patriotic zeal and
enthusiasm, which will no doubt result in
the formation of several local societies
throughout the State.
Mrp. William Ashburner has been ap
pointed one of the State promoters, to
fill the vacancy caused by the death of
Mrs. William Alvord.
In 1S35 Mrs. Leland Stanford, Mrs. Wil
liam Alvord, Mrs. Jessie Benton Fre
mont, Bishop William Ford Nichols, Sen
ator George C. Perkins, Martin Kellogg,
LL.D., Colonel A. S. Hubbard and
Colonel J. C. Currier were appointed
State promoters for California, and on
February 22 following a local society, the
Valentine Holt, was organized at the Oc
cidental Hotel, with Mrs. A. S.- Hubbard
as president.
Mrs. Charles A. Warren of this city has
been honored by the National Society of
the Children of the American Revolution
of Washington, D. C, with the appoint
ment of State director of the society for
California. This office bears the same re
lation to the Society of the Children of
the American Revolution as does the
State regent -to that of the Society of
Daughters of the American Revolution.
The society was organized in Washing
ton, D. C, April 5, 1S35, and has branches
in nearly every State and Territory in
the Union, with a membership of upward
of 10,000.
Mrs. C. A. Warren Honored by the
Society of Children of the
Revolution.
CALIFOBNIAN NAMED
AS STATE DUtECTOS
Charles C. Navlet, the San Jose florist,
who Is defendant In a suit to recover
property filed in the Superior Court here
by his wife, Marie A. J. Navlet, demanded
a change of venue yesterday. He wants
the case heard in the Superior Court of
Santa Clara County. ' _
Havlet Seeks Change of Venue.
An ordinance giving public notice of the call
for a special election on October 8. 1003, when
the proposed bond issue in the sum of $710,000
for the acquisition of the Geary-street road
will be voted on by the people was passed to
print. • • •
Accepting the tender of Charles L. Patton
to sell to the city for $1500 land for the open
ing of EaBt Park street and Rlchland avenue,
easterly to Andover avenue.
¦ Authorizing an expenditure of $976.75 to be
paid to the Hasiell Audit. Company for expert
ing the books of th» County Clerk.
Authorizing the Police Commission to ap
point a hostler at the Seventeenth-street Follce
Station at a salary of $75 per month.
Granting the Jackson Brewery and The Old
People's Home permits to erect oil storage
tanks.
City Attorney Lane- advised th« Board
of PuWlc Worka yesterday that it alone,
and not the Board of Supervisors, has
charge of building construction, subject,
however, to the ordinances' of the last
named board. The opinion grows out of
the fact that the Supervisors repeatedly
have granted permission by resolution to
individuals to construct, alter or repair
buildings In a manner which is by the
general ordinances prohibited. Lane re
fers to a former opinion of his on the
subject, which says:
. There la no power In the Board of Super
visors to make laws denying a. privilege to the
people at large and granting to one or more
Individuals the right to disobey the general
law. It is within the power of th« board to
amend the tire ordinance so as to permit
broader privileges than those therein granted,
but such amendment must be made applicable
to all and subject to the same conditions.
Instead of proceeding upon the assumption
that the Board of Supervisors Intends to go be
yond lta legal authority, let me suggest that
you confer with said boardta* to the enacting
of such legislation as wouiu obviate any con
flict and clash of authority.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Imposing a license of $100 per day on ev*ry
owner or lessee of a circus.
- An- adjournment was taken until this
morning at ; 10 o'clock, when' Kytka will
ba further cross-examined.
Shortridge: expressed gratification that
the question was asked the witness, as
it gave him an unlooked for opportunity
; to* show, a few facts. He proved ; by Kyt
ka's own ' lips . that the expert would have
acted .as exoert for the defendant had
Shortridge been able to pay -him a retain
ing fee of $50. Kytka said he was ready
and willing to accept the employment, but
had received an i offer '. from the Govern
ment and 1 had accepted. ¦ -, ".
¦ Kytka r testified it took him two days
to discover that the signatures were for
geries. '¦ : ¦•* v: :'• t&sSSSQBSB&B&BfBBtM
This unexpected reply surprised Short
ridge and caused the Jury to smile. Eis
enschimmel was allowed^ to depart, and
Theodore Kytka, another handwriting ex
pert, was called by the United States Dis
trict Attorney.
• Attorney Woodworth asked Kytka
about various exhibits handed him, and
the witness said he had examined them
and v/as of the opinion they were for
geries. Counsel for th# Government turn
ed Kytka over to Shortridge and the lat
ter asked three or four preliminary ques
tions, when Woodworth interrupted and
asked leave to put a question to the ex
pert.' * v = » ¦•".'..
'."Didn'P Mr. Shortridge try to employ
you in this case?" asked Woodworth.,.
"Yes, , sir," replied Kytka.
OFFER FBOM BOTH SIDES.
"Do you know David Carvalho and Pro-'
fessor Ames, the eminent handwriting ex
perts?" asked Shortridge.
"\es, sir," replied Eisenschimmel.
"Did they testify against you in the
Davidson will case?"
The court interfered again, and Short
rldRe took an exception. In order to have
his exceptions noted in the record Short
ridge asked:
"Do you know Professor Max Gum
pel?"
"Very sliphtly," was the reply.
"Is he an expert?"
"No, sir: he's a fraud.".
JUDGE DE HAVEN rOBJEGTS.
Judge de Haven refused to allow the
expert to reply. He said it was an im
proper question, and Shortridge took an
exception to the voluntary ruling.
The attorney for the negro defendant
attempted to belittle Eisenschimmel's tes
timony by asking him about cases in
which he had appeared as an expert and
the, result had been against his testi
mony. The court sustained all objections,
but Shortridge succeeded in getting,
enough before the jury to weaken Elsen-'
schlmmel's testimony.
Eisenschimmel reiterated that John C.
Lynch's original signature was full of
life and animation, whereas the "C" in
the two forgeries showed that they were
slowly manufactured and full of artifi
ciality. The expert stood before the black
board and lectured like a college profes
sor. Ho was vehement in his statement
that Lynch's signature had been forged
and attempted to prove, it by illustra
tions. The jury was greatly amused at
Eisenschlmmers earnestness. The expert
grew irritable when interrupted In hl3
analysis and Shortrldge had to appeal to
the court for the right to take a hand.
Eisenschimmel was in his element before
the, blackboard and he made the most of
his' opportunity.
"Children in -/.school," returned Mr. Eis
enschimmel, "».re not taught to write.
They are taugfit to draw letters. After
they reallv le.*rn to write the physical
characteristics { of their handwriting do
not chanKe. Take twelve boys in the
same class, taught- by the same teacher,
and you will llnd that the handwriting
of each of thein varies from the rest. It
will be found that the style of each one
of them has Its individuality." .
At this stage; of the trial a recess was
taken until 2 t>. m.
In the afternoon Eisenschimmel was ex
amined very minutely as to his ability
to te.ll a genuine signature from a forged
one. The witness claimed the right to
avail himself of his memoranda before
answering the interrogations put to him
by Shortridge.
"You have had considerable experience
in cases where handwriting was in dis
pute?" asked Shortridge.
"Yes, sir," replied the witness.
•'You were a witness in the George N.
Martin case?"
"Yes, sir. That was the case where
Martin disguised his signature to a rail
road pass and was thrown off the train
at a lonely station and suffered locomotor
ataxia. He sued for $75,000."
"And did not the jury give him a ver
dict of $25,000 against your testimony?"
question. "Suppose," he : asked, "that a
child eight years of age were taught to
write bv a certain teacher in a certain
style, and that after he had reached the
age of 12 years his father placed him
under another teacher and had him
taught to write in a different style, would
not his later . handwriting be different
from the first T;'
The Health Board submitted a progres
sive report of the work done in China
town, showing that forty-nine structures
were, condemned and destroyed, 105
plumbing nuisances were actually abated
and thirty-five buildings were vacated un
til renovated and repaired.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee yesterday referred to the Board of
Public Works the communication from
the Bay Cities "Water Company. The let
ter calls attention to the company's ex
tensjfve water sheds and adequate and de
sirable reservoir sites and water supply
centralizing in Santa Clara County within
sixty miles of San Francisco and invit
ing an examination of its water facilities.
The board named Is requested to in
vestigate and report upon the availability
of the source mentioned for the purpose
of furnishing this .city with a sufficient
supply of pure drinking water.
The Barber Asphalt Company was
granted an extension of ninety days from
August 18, 1903, within which to complete
its contract for widening and repaying
Third street, between Mission and Berry.
The extension is granted because there
have been numerous delays in the prose
cution of the work due to the reconstruc
tion of the railroad tracks and the reset
ting, of poles, - conduits and gas mains,
matters over which the contractor has no
control. The Pacific States Telephone
Company and other corporations were di
rected to remove . and reset such poles,
mains or conduits as interfere with the
work of repaying Third street.
The Bdard of Works was directed to
set aside out of its "county road fund"
the sum of $500 for the repaying of that
half of Buena Vista avenue abutting
Buena Vista Park provided the property
owners of the other half contribute an
equal amount. > ' .
The following ordinances were passed
to print
Ordering the construction of a> eewer . ia
Fine street, between Mason and Taylor.
Granting permission to tM Sanitary Reduc
tion Works to lay a spur track on Rhode
Island street.
Changrins and establishing trades on Polk
ttrtet and Chestnut street, and on certain
streets qn Parnassus Heights.
Notice Given of Bond Elec
tion for the Geary-Street
Road Acquisition.
Third Street Widening to Be
Completed .Within Ninety
Days.
Lane Says Only General
% Ordinances Are Ap
plicable.
Board of Works to Scan
Offer of Bay Cities
Company.
TO INVESTIGATE
WATER SUPPLY
SPECIAL PERMITS
ARE NOT LEGAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; AUGUST 11, 1903.
7
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people^of refinement
for over a quartet of a ceatnry
PREPARED BY
mm!
0M«jtPP».*.^r , ,1,1- Jm ' ,^~ p i i jil* *
Body 80 inches lone. 7 lncbea deep; m-lnch
axles, lo&x: diftuncc; wbeeU 1^-incb: A-pra.de
rr.nr.rs. ol! tampered; nicely trimmed and fln-
fe^., 1^ S49.50
Allison, Meff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Frasdsco, Cal.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOHY^
/. Qh :::: nzsircr. lei. £:»"£. cr:ii.^
' rjr The Largest Anaxonucal Museum in tbe \
fi —J^——. *' v '' r 'J Weiksessci or my cutitracted A
» 'f'SS 'liica-.t p^sHiicly r«r»>4 hy the olaeit T
Jj /^ S| I h P tt:iikt on t!:e Co»st Ls^3i years. O
A if$f\ CR. J3RDAN-D1SEASES OF HEN , I
a ffti^ftn Cor.viltation free and ttrirtlj pririte.
A I X»V/ fj Trratmert penon»i:r ot by letter. A , I
* m irSlw J '°""" CuT ' '«"¦ erery case laderttken. '
A* I It 0 "><" for Book. PBILOHOPHV »f , |
V • 'I I" BAUnXACK. MAILES FKEE. ( A. \
/ U J v »'^i ! ' ; f bock (or tars) i
V DIt JOBDA.V & I O.. 3 Ml Market 8L. 6. F.J '
0'^^^» < <sV^^^» <^' <^'^^^^^^V^<
EVERyBLADE.mRRANTED
t STRONG &.ZO.J0&X*
ff r <^ • '/.ft- rr . — ! j: — -f w^J5"y C 4V«
WEEKLY CALL f $1 PEB TEAH.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
4t7&££rJs&* fuUy u " ed by lead *
/j¥tSs lrg actreaBea » 'la*-
£jg*EL_ fitjgjL ' ers and womea ot
KqS? it 9 \^Q fashion for more
te^ «j p than 25 year*.
V<5 mI Wherever applied It
*"« / ' i> Instantly absorbed
B jgf through ths pores ot
Jf i tbe akin, and lta
j& V wonderful nutrttloa
f' feeds th* wastlas
" '/ " tissues.
fort. t|> Removing Pimples
vSf'/VL^ tt A» If t>y ma«ic. on*
™i NT>5L-^ ' V-I appltcaUon o(tto
* I rTMl ' M* showing a remark-
***LvY$£rXI able Improvement.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD J« Jf" 1^
the only preparation known to ln m^i cl tLfS l "i^?
that will round out hollows In the »*«* J£*
produce firm, healthy flesh on tain cheek.,
arms and hands. _____ —->_>_.''- »
FOB DXOT-G OFXHO THE BUST .
Or breaata ehrunken from nursing lt_ baa the
hlkhest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are often sufficient to fcake tha buat flrxn,
laree and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORItTM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of thia SPECIAL. OFFER and
¦end ua one dollar we will aend two (2) boxes.
in plain wrapper. ¦
Fnpc — A sample box and oar book,
KDC "ART OF MASSAGE." fully Il-
lustrated, will ba sent free to any lady sesdlas;
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DB. C-AKLE3 CO., 19 Tut fltoe. N«w Twk.
PfllW DON'T FAIL TO
1 UldWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
Sflii room, the EMPIRE
dliU PARLOR, the
r : - PALM ROOM,the
lira fin louis xv par.
lliaUU LOR, and the LA-
u . f DIES' WRITING
Hotels J g °Q M
AMUSEMENTS* Si£\.
S 0 LU mBS A IWI.1Q mm
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Comedian You All Know,
EZRA IENDALL
In the License to Laugh,
THE VINEGAR BUYER
Last Time Next Sunday Night. '.
Commencing Next Monday, Aug. 17,
Seat Sals Next THURSDAY at 9 O'clock.
- HENRY . v V . MARGARET
MILLER and-ANGLIN
.•-ii* First Play — Oeorse Bernard Shaw*»
"The Devil's Disciple*'
No Orders for Seats Will Be Considered In
Advance ot the Opening .of the Regular Sale.
~ J3ik !
But "OH, A1Y,* What a Hit t
Never Equaled Even by Our Productions.
I "QUO VASS ISS" and I
"THE B1C LITTLE PRINCESS" j
'Funny. Magnificent. Startling.
Get Your Seats Hurriedly.
Our All-Star Cast, Including:
KOLB and DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
, » - "W1NFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERM9EN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS,"
ETC., ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. 60c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
60c. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
FRITZ SCHEEL, 'SSEESBL
Auspices S. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
' Concerts at 3:15 p.- m. ' FRIDAY, Auirust 14.
THURSDAY. August 27, and every THURS-
DAY following up to and Including October 8.
BALE OP REASONi TICKETS BEGINS ON
MONDAY. AUG. 10, AT BHERMAN
& CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
Prices of Keats — Season. Orchestra, $1 25:
Dress Circle, first four rows, $1 25; last four
rows, $1 : Family Circle, 79c. 25c oft each sea-
son ticket to members of . th* S. F. SYM-
PHONY SOCIETY.
¦ Single tickets for these concerts on sals on
And after Wednesday. August 12.
,,__ MISCELLANEOUS. '•'' _"_ ___¦-;¦ . r^:v.-^- ',;„,'¦,';,,;,. -,',
~ . "i 1 1 11 ¦¦ 1 ¦ ' in 1 ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦«¦ ¦^¦n 11 delivery in niii 1 r n 11 inmi imn nrmrn rr ¦ihimm ¦ ¦imssmiiiiiimiiiii miwiiiinwi
PlTTOQSEf^Q I THE BIG FURNITURE STORE DATTilCIEII PIT
irnnUoklio fac^Ri ES rAMUMt.il.:- tUi
I THE BIB STORE, Sixteenth and Mission. MANTEL FACTORY, Folsom, bet. 18th and 19th. PARLOR FURNITBRE FACTORY, Capp, bet, J5th and 16th.
MATTRESS FACTORY, Capp, bet. 15th and 16th. WAREHOUSE, 16th and Harrison. ' \ "MISSION FURNITURE" FACTORY, Folsom, bet. 18th and 19th.
A steady, honest effort to do better for our customers than any Qther store can do is the key- *
I stone of our success. The only inducements we offer to gain and retain patronage are BEST .'' : ;/
GOODS, LOWEST PRICES, COURTEOUS TREATMENT and a GUARANTEE OF PER-
And all this because we sell for CASH ONLY— no discounts, no installments, no credit, no
commissions. We would be glad to have you visit us this week ; then you can see for yourself.
Sale of Sample | ==r^^ = |S8 l 50 OAK FOLDING iBEDSfe^^^
n Metal Beds. iToTtiifr * |2Ya1ue AT hatp Wite i^J^r^
| A large new line of Metal Beds is • , p* ABSOLUTELY ilALr ilvlLC J '.lQ # '"MBK'HVt KpP
I coming to us, and we now will clean out J2 iUiTOr'sL VT ,, . »- ',*. -n. * la 1 ' V V ' \\ !' -f \ '"¦ i
I all our samples at original cost. H44HMiMh g , T" f °f , ? ' * ul I J JLks^ ¦JC : I
P I _nH^ r lt 'J. II ..?" ' ¦£ ff in lots of 1, 2 or 3 of a pattern, some with K |» ¦ g f - t fr^ -^rt I ' ffl
($3 Bea now.... f 3.75 \ 100 Bed now.. fSO.OO fi^SS^^^^SS^-^-^Ga mirrors, some plain backs. All are made I ,13 i|! ; M | |
$25 Bed :. >w..*I7.OO J12 Bed now...$S.75 t^TT I frff • \tfi\ « of soMd oak of the V ery best quality. H ! i jmL f * . . /I'^gf^Ev
f22 I,r-' n w..?15JIO $30 Bed now. .921.00 \X yjj pQ r^ ~jM J^ ; We expect a ncw shipment ->f Beds by S i-| I ©af | it ' 1 'i "^? EP i
JS Bfd now $5.15 f40 Bed now..$2S.5O \\J-j i 2, E It _*. LO i_i tne en a o f the week, and nee^i the room ¦ '| B ffi.l . ¦; :¦• -.¦ "ffill I
the rlpht is one that has been accept- >j | 1\ . X ordinary reduction to clear tljern out of W !|CMMp, Ir^^^'Hk
ed by the buying public as the (fn CA l*Vi-V '¦ f ,,,,»/ iJi Jn ij i our wa>% > ' B '. ~ 1|m " v""^:ji'? I .
best bed for $12 ever sold. It XX "\|l 2fcTfv\: ii' V?V?if 4flMy « _ _ , , tno **„ ,. ,.,». I I i *» ' I
I nv/r VU™ hrntL« U l,,^ d %li5 $Z 1+ L ,#W S-Re|ular price $38.5O-Half price. .. .SlN^S Nj , '
B u , ??* broken suits. The*' \£ v 3-^1^ f v - \~\ * J^i^ 1* a 4-Regular price $35.00— Half price.... JU7.5O ___ tt t ttrthatbT! FOTTiTwn.
I sell at this sale as low as.... VV"*> ffi-^ * —^_-A--*>-^ 1-R , a r , ce $420^ Half ice , 1><M) THE IttUSTBATED P01D1KQ
I . _ 3— Regular price $46.00— Half price.... *23.OO BED— Mirror back, the oak panel
I " — — — — ~ ? 2— Regular price $w. oo— Half price.... i uo.oo front makes it very attractive;
!^—> /"¦ ¦ — fc B~~fc WTN ¦ 3— Regular price *H5.5O— Half price iju7.7<S fine woven wire mat- Afr /*
V /-% r^ f~~^ r* j \ C^» NOTE— These prices hold till a a are sold. tress;S regular price ' 3)19,0U
Still another advance shipment of the new fall patterns is* |-Nr> r\ l~^yT^ f**^ fflli^Ci
here. It came Saturday and will.be shown this week. Even *— '* \/~^t~^MZL/ A vlJCLC^*
{though we lead in the introduction of the new goods, our We submit to-day 3 few of the best values^ ever given at a sale,
prices remain the same. The prices have been ctlt to figures that will ne^er be again quoted.
NO COMBINE CAN ALTER OUR DETERMINA- ** *C % Pair for senuijie Scotch ** CA a Pa»r.* : 100 pairs. 5 different
. TION Td SELL THE BEST AT LOWEST PRICES. $2-25 JhSiiroPiBo^. 11 * dS $3.50 i^SilrTe^t^^i^
_ >^__ Ttitr » A. n c- P ... . w est designs, dainty pattern*, fine net, rococo effects, on best quality cable
READ TlilS CAREFULLY * ast edges, only some slightly soiled; net; sell elsewhere for $4.60 and $5.
" 26 per cent saving-. 18 per cent saving*. regular $3 and $3.50 valuos. Ag a a a pair, 60 pairs, wide elabo-
{WILTOH VELVETS - DonWe BEST QUALITY TBIAXD'l.JX- §A 75 Po^n^Arabe Curtains, French* «PO.VU blrgains^wo^'th uj^TcfYfs^a
width, with or without border, new OLEUM — There is only one best ; iy*»iu designs, beautifully corded; pair; on sale oily while the 60 pairs
fl->ral and Oriental aesipns; small fig- that is this one. The com- £| ir this sale only. last,
ures for hall and stairs; covering bine's price is J1.S5. Our jM.4tl j » T ¦ ¦* ** • « -_ntTT»T "p-x 1 hawvti VTHt/rwr rTTHTArwsi
average hall and stairs without a price, square yard V*»W ITflflCltfli 7k SiSSFt ?ill^? f E i^?^n
1- K«am. The combine charges CliA 25 per cent ssvingr. tllUSUal Jp6C121 li^fF^ *t & tUl Li mn^*. / P -
*i u(\ r»nr r>rir*f> oniv \t Al\ i*Tf»T'T Ofxr AifTi iowrtL ax. . ¦ ana bottom, the latest ana most a^ /p
'..->--. sn^TERS^-rtrm inc T-fturns In popular window decoration ouered this week at a reduction of 25 >7 t\fk
21 per cent «aviagr. floral and Oriental effects that are per cent, prices ranging from J5.25 to t
SAVOXTXTEBXE A Z MI ITS TEES — A pleasing in the parlor, bedroom, * — — ; ;
pretty parlor and dining-room cover- ing-room or library; with or with- TUIO I'IDDAni/ -ririi r
ir.g. in a number of Ori.-r.tal and out border. The .combine /f| pa Ho I llll\Zll\I I/IHI I
floral designs, witti or without bor- charges you $2 for it. Our \\ f)ll ¦ IIIV LIUI » rtl » ¦ IHULL
der. The installment com- rn price •••¦•••••••••• •••_;;•• • Solid Oak. nicely finished In golden color, top measured 25x42 in.; cer- ff/ , nr
Price. 8 p^ $ ya?d f ? r .. iU ... OU r *LdV boXBuI^TA^Es'tSeS - TU, in8taUment 53.75
23 per cent saving". famous carpet in the new patterns Same table with i drawer, $4.25. '
lyGBATg riLIinrO— Best quality; costs you $1.20 at the installment OTHERS, ranginff in price from $50 down to S2.65 U ~ A '
rod. grem, tan and blues. In- np combine stores. We sell it £»« a a , * , .
| Ftallmont combine price is 09C at> lH ' r yard dl«UU " Fl" r "J Tr'3^~Y-^
ALL OTHER CARPETS 20% Under Combine Prices. | ,„ ,,m\^" S ,,, r"™^, i^.^, wl p ~~~^Ljtr
; COUCH BARGAINS. DAVENPORTS. tress * 8 - 50 Kfj^^^^^^^^^.
Lace pattcrns-^ur guaranteed make, fftft 11^ fil^jggwMJphol..' AU Sr *" B6df with dr °P sWes . SI 7& i I
FAXTTASOTE COUCH — Cl^ Ofl tered in pretty figured C97 Cft 956.75 * tr\ PT \ B>1 Jf
Wears better than leather «?¦**• W velour s>£.£ .%)\J • f IF $ B I if?
EPEISTG EDGE COUCH— -Golden oak *50.00 FOLDING BED DAVENPORT Willow Wur««ry Chair, great bar- I J& } |LJ t
I frame, rich verona cover ticfe jTes't work!!" 8 . "'. $37.50 ** ln • ••••*1.OO Jp «
TAPESTETCOTEHED COUCH, with 51^ *?££* *f2rt25?2 S <****' convertIble Int0 ««- - 4 U
fringe around base S8 00 oak frame .../ rlage $2.15 »> . 1
»-•"¦ v*"*'*' J150 SOI>II> MAHOOAITT SAVES- L- O W
OEBTTHrE LEATEES COUCH — The POST — A magnificent 0>|ma a a willow Eoeker stronir and nrettv ' ' • ftOTl" J
u . p . h ?!^V.:.v. $40.00 ;»!... °. f ...^ h .°. ls^ $120.00 !V. !^ e ..?.«2?5o 8 $3i/5
fi HOTELS AX* FLATS-The great DflTTOOlCM OR IT PAYS T0 TRADE '' \
saving that can be mad./ this week 1*11 I 1 I |A I I" |M I .B ... TMr „,,.,.„ Sco supplement to this ad in Sun-
U by buying for apartment houses, etc.. I fll I UUIlill UUl IN IHt MISolUN. day's Chronicle, Monday's Examiner
I c m h a a - S rs hUndredS Ot d&UarS l ° PUr " ,^ and Wednesday's Bulleiin.
b c " asPrs - J 16th and Mission Sts.
APVEBTISEMZNTS.
CARTERS
j£ga&j Wti i ILLS
SICK HEADACHE
PosiUvely cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
(fact remedy for Dizziness, Jfansea, Drowst
aess, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongna
Paia ia the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose*
Small Price
I I V ULI HOUSE*
TO-NIOH 1 ! and Every Xifht This 'Week.
SifTURDAY MATINEE.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
As LADY CONSTANCE SINCLAIR In tM
Great DeKoven Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
With the Special Tivoll Cast Throughout.
EDWIN STEVENS AS FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham. Annie Myers. Edward
Webb. Bertha Davis, Aimee Leicester. Ferris
Hartman and the bis Tivoll company, with
the orchestra under Paul Stelndorff.
The Next Attraction Will E-»
"THE FORTUNE TELLER."
POPULAR PRICES^-23c. 60c. 73c
Tslephone — Bush 0.
BLFIB FAY,
"The Craiiest Soubrette ca the American
Stage."
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Wlnslow;
The Great. Kaufmann Troupe;
Dooley and Tenbrooke; Boberts,
Hayes and Boberts; George Austin
and Macart's Dogs and Monkeys.
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chalra. COc.
fAblFORNTfT
U[ TO-NIGHT— AIT TMs W>eTi~l&rt
Moat iwwejful orsanizatlea fl
of Its Kind In America. p ¦
sxxur-xoaosco co. __
.It) Pprarnttng th* Comedy B»- .(O
JjO a. botax. Tfi-yrrr.T 50
n e Barptn Matinee TTiiiL'^aajL, o -
XJ 23c and SQc JLO
Next StzsdaT — To Greet tbe
NaUon's Heroes.
T. SHS2TASSOAXC . P»
Greatest of aU War Draxaaa. &,
CENTRAL^
Market at., near Eighth Fhon# South 63X
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK Oi^hY.
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday.
Magnlflcent ProducUon'of the New York and
London Success,
"Man's Enemy"
The Greatert of Scenic Sensational Melo»
dramas.
Dealing- With th* Evils of Drink!
DDTPPC Eveninss... ..„.«....,.... 10c to WVj
rKlLCD Matinees _~....10c 15c. 23«
Grand Army Week. A»r. IT.
The Famous Civil War Drama. .** : \ y
>6l"
ALCAZARX^i
TO-NIGHT— TXREVTELL WEES 'OF 1
WHITE WHITTLESEV
Aa D*Arta<nan In a Great Production «C :
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Evg., 23c to 75c; Mat. Thar. A Sat, 13o to 60a,
NEXT MONDAY— Belasco A Mayer's great
special presentation of tha quaint rural coined/,
THE DAIRY FARM.
A» Given 1200 Time* In the East.
—First Presentation in San Francisc*-«
" - SEATS NOW ON SALE.
GRAND SSBSS
ONl^T MATINEE BATUKDAT.
TV HARVARD 13 UNDOUBTEDLY THB
BE^T PERFORMANCE OF THE PRESENT*
SEASON AND MADE AN iMMEDIATB
HIT. — Examiner.
Ts-s-lVinHT— I
EVERT- NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company, ta
In Harvard
PRICES^ — 25c, 50c, 75c.
LESTER AND CURTIN: LITTLE BLOSSOJt
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING in THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY,
IN THB INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
— ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6<: 7
Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
mt 1
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT-GRAND ENTERTAINMENT.
Antpioii Olympio Club MECHANICS' FAVILIOS.
MRS. ROBERT FITZ3IMMONS will atnir.
"BOB* FITZSIMMONS will spar with GEORGE
DAWSON.
100 Olymple Clsb's B«s . Athletes will P»rtieij»t».
Third United State* Artillery Band and Chorus
of 25O Voices.
MRS GRACE DAVIS NORTHRUP and MR.
S. HOMER HENLEY. Soloists.
Admission 60c. Reserved Seats |1 (Admitting
Lady and Gentleman.) Doors open at 7:3ft
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THR
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and ;
atxanxth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market. , 'ST. LOUIS. Aug. f 10.— Wreath of Ivy
captured '¦ the' feature event at Delmar
Park to-day, defeating Rainland and
Forehand handily .after a - mild drive
through the stretch. . of dol
lars was' poured into tie ring on Rainland
and Forehand, the others not being given
a' thought. :.\
• The first ; race developed the closest fin
ish of the day, Kings Court winning from
Aransas by a neck at the wire. As usual.
Lady ¦ Strathmore was a top-heavy favor
ite,; and, >as usual, she ran ' second: : Sum
mary:\;; vii%IJipgBffl|
ni IR^ T RACE — One . mlle and seventy yards.
Betting, r Horse. Weight." Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
¦• 5 to !— Klngi ; Court.104 (Watson) 2 2 1 n
25 Joj— Aransas, (09 (Gullett). ... 112 10
• 8 Ji o x — Y ar "* r « . 1 04 (Sbeehan) 4 » 5 v 3 %
. Time, l:«Ji. Btart good. , Woa driving.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Public ; Loses . Heavily
on Forehand and
/ Rainland.
WREATH OF IVY
TAKES HAMDICftP
• The sale of seats for the Corbett-Jeffrles
contest Is the largest in . the "annals of
¦puglllsm^in this city. There Is a certainty
that the heavy-weights will box before a
crowded house. It is almost assured that
the gate : receipts,, will amount, to $30,000.
Visitors are coming in from all quarters
of the country and are buying seats for
the fight.,' They are being Bold very rap
idly, and. every seat will be sold before
the doors are opened. -
*The heavy-weights. will be in the ring at
9 o'clock" Friday, night. "-. Corbett is coming
over from Alameda on the 7:15 "boat and
will be driven at once to the Pavilion. He
will be handled by .,' Tommy Ryan, the
great ring general; f'Yank". Kenny and
Prdfessor Dare. .^Brother" .Tom and
Sammy Berger .'will also be in his corner.
Corbett will occupy the southwest corner
of 'the ring, and \ will be in the
southeast corner.'', V -.
The gallery doors will be thrown open
at 6 o'clock. The doors leading t to the
downstairs portian of the building will be
opened at 7 o'clock. Chief Wittman will
have a large. force of police on hand to
keep the big crowd in order.
Harry ( Forbes > arid : Frankie Nell : are
ready ; for. . championship •. battle,
which will.be held in Mechanics' Pavilion
on Thursday, evening. Both' men are down
to^weight.: George Hartlng, official 'time.'
keeper for the Yosemite Club, will visit
the -i training quarters of Forbes •; to-day
and weigh him. . Forbes ; and Neil .have
agreed to battle atll6 pounds, weigh. In at
Discuss the Matter of Securing a Suf <•
the Town.
ficient Water Supply for
TBTJSTEES OF SAUSALITO
HOLD IMPORTANT MEETING
SAUSALITO, Aug. 10.— At a meeting of
the Town Trustees held this evening the
much discussed question of securing a
sufficient supply of water came up for
consideration. The committee of citizens
appointed to confer with the different wa
ter companies in the county reported that
at least two of the companies were will
ing to supply all the water required If the
town would build a necessary storage
reservoir and lay water mains. The
building of a reservoir and the laying of
mains would necessitate the bonding of
the town. ,
After a lengthy but Interesting discus
sion a resolution favoring the bonding of
Sausallto to secure the needed water sup
ply was passed by a majority vote of the
Trustees.
FRESNO, Aug. lO.—To give fixity to the
local labor market the unions connected
with the Building Trades Council hava
agreed upon the following wage scale un
til May 1, 1904, this scale to come up for
confirmation at the meeting of the coun
cil on Wednesday evening: Bricklayers
$6, carpenters $3 50, painters {3 50. paper
hangers H, electricians $3, plumbers J4,
tinners $4. plasterers $3. mortar wheelers
$4 a day and lathers $3 50 per 1000.
Agree on a New Wage Schedule.
oT. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 10. — Weather clear: track
fast. Entries: . \
First race, one mile, selling — Varna Fonso
06. Lord Neville 110. Brown Vail 114, Great
Star 1J3, Carley"s Dream 106, Eufalla 101,
Una Price 114. Tenny Belle 114 Weird 116
Dominis 111, Alborac 106, Maghoni 06.
Second race.-- six furlongs, selling — Verna
Rice 107. Sting 105. Wild Katie 100. Syphon
107. Halmis 105. Fugurtha 105. Tom Crabb
107. Algareta 100. Ben Hullum 107. One More
107. Armand 1C7. Star Gazer 107. Sweet Dream
105.
Third race, five and a half furlongs purse —
Cano«sa .100. Always Faithful 1WJ, Wootsey
Wenlerd 1C0. Allegrette 100. Easter Walters
100. Grief 106. Our Lillte 100. Pinky B 100
AUle C 106. Lonlar.a ICO. Blue Ring 106 Enig
ma 100. Cap and Gown 106.
Fourth race. ' six furlongs, handicap — Miss
Mae Day 100. Pourquol Pas 02 Joe Lesser 108
Fltzkanet lie.' Malster 107. Croix d'Or 104
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Edna Lowe 101
Aunt Bettie 101, Burlap lft; Whaleback 113*
Little Lois 114. Chandoo 117. Eliza Cook m
Emma Meyer 00, Goo Goo 06, Mllas 111 Hy
drophobia 114. Prince Herman 103
Sixth race, seven furlongs, purse — Alflo 103
King Rose 102, Orleans 107. Jake Weber 104*
Golden Glitter 102. Joe Goss 109 Captain GasI
ton 104. Doeskin 102. Ada N 107.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Brown Vail, Eufalla
Weird. :t >£;'
Second race — Tom Crabb, Sweet
Dream, Fugurtha.
Third race— Easter Walters, Our
Lillie, Pinky B.
Fourth race — Malster, Miss Mae
Day, Croix d'Of.
Fifth race— Emma Meyer, Burlap
Little Lois. t '
Sixth race — Joe Goss, Ada N, Or
leans. '
and second place to Dr. Kellogg's buck
board.
¦ The last race was a five-mile handicap
for owners "exclusively. G. Fuller drove
his Winton car. and Dr. W. H. Kellogg
his: buckboard. The Winton car got the
best of the start and won In 9:42 1-5. The
buckboard was much retarded by a flat
tened tire, but won on its handicap.
• The track; while soft in several places,
turned out' to be. in better condition than
had been expected. The races were un
der the management of the governors of
the Automobile Club and- the following
officials: Referee, E. Courtney Ford;
starter, C. ,C. Moore; clerk of the Course,
R." C.Lennle; judges, J. D. Spreckels, R.
P. Schwerln, Mayor Johnson of Monterey
and S. G. Buckbee; timekeepers, P. Lowe,
R. L. Bettner, Dr. D. A. Stapler, W. G.
Irwln.E. J. Coleman and W. H. Taylor;
scorer, C. E. Matthewson; clerk of the
scales, Dr. D. A. Stapler.
After dinner the prizes were presented
to the winners by F. A. Hyde, president
of the Automobile Club of California, the
winners being cordially applauded by the
audience.
• At a meeting of the directors held at a
late hour on Sunday night J. D. Spreckels
was. elected a member -of ' the board of
govemers of the Automobile Club of Cal
ifornia/ . . / ¦; .
The hill-climbing contest takes place to
morrow on the hill between Monterey and
Pacific Grove, beginning at 10 a. m. About
a dozen competitors have entered for this
event. . " . ": ...
In the third heat Dr. W. H. Kellogg
drove his buckboard, J. B. Keenan a To
ledo'and Caesar Luckhardt a Rambler.
The buckboard got the best" of "the start,
the Toledo car. being Becond and the Ram.
bier third., -The Rambler, ; which ; was
stripped to a'sktleton, .won in 8:57 2-5, the
Toledo being second in 9:08 and the buck
board last in 10:01 4-5. . ' - ¦
jj The handicap committee ¦ awarded : first
prize to Walter Grothe In the White car
SALE OF. SEATS FOR BIO
FIGHT IS VERY- LABGE
Hewson won In 7:48 2-5. Arnold's time was
8:29 2-5. " r
! The seventh , event was a five-mile ex
hibition against time by George P. Whit
tell in his Mors machine. The miles were
covered in 1:16 1-5, 1:16, 1:16 2-5, 1:15 4-5 and
1:16 4-5-total 7:37 4-5.. Whlttell won the
cup offered by the Automobile Club for
any machine beating 1:18 for one mile.:
. The eighth race was a; five-mile handi
cap, open to any machines that took part
in the earlier events." In. the first, heat
George P. Whlttell drove his Mors, Lew
Andrews a Peerless and Walter Grothe a
White Stanhope. TheMors took the lead
with the Peerless second and the -White
last. . The .White passed, the Peerless at
the half-mile. . The Mors covered the sec
ond, mile in 1:16, and the whole : distance
in 6:2S 4-5. Grothe's time was 7:45 4^5, and
the time of the Peerless. 8:27. . : ¦ .
In the second heat George Fuller and
8. D. Hewson drove Winton cars and C.
C. Eib a' Stevens-Duryea machine. Hew
son; driving F. C. Hotaling's Winton, won
in 7:55 4-5, G.- Fuller being second in 9:13.
Eib withdrew. .
Winners at The Meadows.
SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— The Meadows
summary:
2:30 class race, best two In three — Reta H
¦won in two straight beats. Tidal Wave second
Portia Knight third. Best time. 2:17»£.
Four and a half furlongs— Colonel ' Bogey
won, Crigli second. Louis Mac third. Time,
Six and a half furlong* — Rarp won. Yellow
stone eecond, Casdale third. Time, 1:21 K
One mile and 100 yardo — Milwaukee won
Homage second. Pettlgrew third. Time 1 -4O'i'
Five furlong*— Misty' s Pride won. Bee hof*?
water secrwid. P»*tierew third. Time, 1:01%.
Weven furlongs — The Pride won, Colonel Van
second. The Miller third. - Time, 1 :27.
Big California Gelding an Easy Win
ner on the Circuit.'
MUSH HAS SPEED TO SPABE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The Metropoli
tan Grand Circuit season opened to-day
at the Empire City track with 5000 spec
tators present, a fast track and ideal
racing weather. In the opening event,
the 2:18 pace, Funston sold at %:/) to $:J0
to the field, but only was a moderate
second to the big California gelding,
Mush, which won In straight heats with
speed to spare. Summary:
The New York atake, $5000; 2:09 class trot
ting—Monte Carlo won the first and third
heats In 2:07%, 2:07%. Dan T won. t ho 8 ec
ond heat In 2:07%. Wllque. Dan\Vllke«
Dulce Cor. Walnut Hal, Mazine, IdoIlU, Ida
Hiehwood. J D and Baron de Shay also
Ftarted.
2:1S claps, pacing; purse. $1000 — Mush won
two straight heats in 2:0894, 2:11>$. Funs
ton. Joe Grattan and Rector also started.
2:15 class, trotting; purse. $1000 — George
Muscovite won two straight heats in 2:10»4,
2:Cy?i. Xorrie, Prince Oreenlandfr, Musette
Ben Hal, Jim Ferry, Sonata. Hleboy, The
Questor. Direct View, Earline and Lucy Lee
alfio Ftarted. • ...
2:12 class, pacing; purse, $1000— Donna Mc-
Gregor won the second and fourth heats In
2:(WV4. 2:17'/4. Dary won the third heat In
2:083*. Beauseant won the first heat in 2:06%
and was distanced In the second. Jessie S.
John F, Dlablato. Frank Y, y oakum and
Shorty also started.
Strathcona Takes Second Race.
TORONTO. Ont.. Aug. lO.-The second
race for the Canada cup was won by
Strathcona, the defender, by more than
eight minutes elapsed time. The Cana
dian yacht's superiority in windward
work was Fhown at the start and she led
all the way.
SELMA. Aug. 10. — John Sturges. a Bon of
City Trustee Kturge?, was drowned Sunday
afternoon while bathing In Kings Ri\er
Accuses an Agent of Larceny.
NAPA, Aug. 10.— Mrs. Annie Oscher has
sworn out a warrant for the arrest of O.
E. Evans, charging him with grand lar
ceny. Evans is an agent of the Pacific
Coast Savings Society. The complainant
alleges that Evans induced her to buy
five shares of stock in the society and
collected $3 as first membership fees and
$105 as advance payments on the stock.
It is alleged that Evans was entitled to
collect but $3 and that he failed to turn
fai the 5105 to the society. Mrs. Oscher
declares that the society refuses to recog
niz^ his receipt.
Try to Escape Doing Army Duty."
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 10.— Natives of Lower
California are crossing the line into the
United States at Campo In large numbers
because of a general conscription that Is
now being carried on for the Mexican
army. Rurales are busy rounding up the
natives for a five-year term in the army.
The pay is poor and 'the men object to
the conscription. . >
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Aug. 10.— W. L Darling
chief engineer of the Northern Pacific road'
has resigned to accept : a elmllar position with
the Rock Island. President C. - S. Mellen has
ar pointed £. J. Pearson acting chief engineer.
HBHHHMBH& a
TWO OF THE SUCCESSFUL CONTESTANTS IN THE AUTOMOBILE
TOURNAMENT- AT DEL MONTE, AND INTERESTED SPECTATORS
GATHERED AT THE LINE TO WATCH AN EXCITING FINISH-
First race, six furlongs, handicap three
year-ol(Js—Savable 126, Duke of Kendal 113.
Ada Nay 113, Yardarm 111. Molly Brant 111,
Pansienne 108. Wild Thyme 10S. Forward 105
Damon 103. Futurita 104. Lass o' Linden 100.
Second race, five and a half furlongs two
year-olds — Silver Slipper 101. Winifred A 101,
Gantnopie lpl. Gold Saint 104, Gay Lothario
1'X. Afabell 104, Jim Kelly 110. Collector Jes
eup 110.
j Third race, one and a sixteenth miles on
turf, selling, three-year-olds and upward
Scoffer 100, Nevermore 1C3 Rostand 111 John
Barleycorn 101. Peninsula OS. St Sever 103
Flara 101. Birch Broom 103.
Fourth race, one mile, the Delaware handi
cap, three-year-olds and upward — Mastennan
116. Knight of Rhodes 107 Thcssalon 90 Gay
Boy 110. Sir Voorhies 92. Sheriff Bell 98 'Glm
crack 02. Hunter Ralne 111. Highlander' 108
, Fifth raxv. five and a half furlongs selling
two-year-olds — Stormy 104, The Buck 107
Briery 109. Ked Light 101. Sir Walt 104 Silver
Meade 100. Lowcut 109. The Globe 109." Long
ppur 112. Redman 1C». Ocean Tide 109 Ex
oentraJ 104. Klnjrsboro 132. Sea Gate* 104
Sailor Knot 112. Lady Ananias 112. Extralaw
112. Russell Sage 112. Toi San 109, Short Cake
Sixth race, one mile, maidens, three-year
olds a-nd up — N*un 105. Dorset 107 Albany Girl
105. Beverly 107. Pan Lougin 110 Stonewall
110. Polit* 107. The Dancer 107. Russell Gath
110. Tarn O'Shanter 107. Gates 107 Pass Book
107.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Duke of Kendall, Sav
able, Yardarm.
Second race— Collector Jessup, Jim
Xelly, Silver Slipper.
Third race — Birchbroom, Never
more, Rostand.
Fourth race— Gay Boy, High
lander, Knight of Rhodes.
Fifth race— Ocean Tide, Shortcake,
Redman.
Sixth race— Tarn O'Shanter, Al
bany Girl, Stonewall.
' SARATOGA. Aug. 10.— Weather clear; track,
heavy. Entries :
SARATOGA ENTREES.
.The final heat was between S. D. Hew
son and W. S. Arnold, both in - Winton
cars, i Hewson got away in the lead and
gradually . increased v It, \ leaving - Arnold
nearly a half-mile -behind at the finish.
After the fourth race an" Intermission
occurred and the spectators returned to 1
the hotel for luncheon. . ' ,.-
The fifth race, ten miles, open to any
machine, irrespective of power or weight,
which opened the afternoon's sport, was
looked forward to with great interest, as,
It was the first in which George P.. Whit-*
tell's Mors machine of forty horsepower,
with a French chauffeur, made its ap
pearance. Walter Grothe, 'in a White car,
was the only other contestant, but he
made . an excellent display against - his
powerful competitor. The Mors machine
won in 13:211-5. Grothe's time being
14:061-5. ,
The sixth race was over a distance; of
five miles for gasoline cars of twenty
Jiorsepower or less. The : competitors In
the first heat were Dr. W. H. Kellogg, In
his buckboard Orient; Lew Andrewi.tn, a
Peerless, and S. D.' Hewson, in a ' Winton.,
The Peerless car retired without finish
ing and the buckboard was beaten - by a
wide margin. Hewson on the Winton car
won In 7:44 1-5. Dr. Kellogg's time was
10:08.,
In Che second heat J. B. Keenan drove
a Toledo and . W.* S. Arnold " a : ' Winton.
The Winton car won in 8:471-5. The time
of the Toledo was 10:25 2-5.'
WHITTELL GETS TIME PBIZE.
The fourth race was open to all ma
chines of twenty-horsepower or less, over
a distance of five miles; In the first heat
George Fuller and S. D. Hewson drove
Winton machines- and Walter Grothe a
.White car. Grothe won in 7:31V4. S. D.
Hewson, in Fred Hotallng's car,' was Bec
ond in 8:06 and George' Puller half a mile
behind the winner. In this event Walter
Grothe covered one mile In 1:19, winning
the cup offered by C. W. Clark for the
fastest mile made in, the morning. ' In the
second heat F. A. Garbutt drove a.White
and W. S. Arnold a Winton car. Gar
butt got a good start and continually in
creased his lead, winning In 7:29 3-5. The
final heat, between F. A. Garbutt and
Walter Grothe, in White machines, was
won by Garbutt in 7:44 3-5. Grothe's
time was 7:53 3-5.
GROTHE WINS A CUP.
The second race, two piles, open for
machines 1200 pounds and under, brought
out five competitors: Caesar Luckhardt,
on a Rambler; Dr. Kellogg, on the buck
board; C. C. Eib and J. Campbell, on
Stevens-Duryea rigs, and "Walter Grothe,
in a White steam car. Walter Grothe
won in 3:34, Caesar Luckhardt taking
second place.
v In the five-mile open race for machines
1500 pounds and under, C. C. Eib drove a
Stevens-Duryea and F. A. Garbutt and
Walter Grothe were in White ' steam
cars. Eib got a good start, but soon lost
it, falling farther behind- at every mile.
Garbutt won in 8:35. Grothe was second
in 8:43 2-5. • .
various races being well con
tested. The only accident of the day oc
curred to a four-horse brake driven by
C. W. Clark. On leaving the track after
the morning races Clark drove into a
fence, overturning tha^ vehicle and upset
ting all Its occupants, who were , sBaken
up and bruised a little, but not seriously
hurt.
It is estimated that the races were
viewed by more than 1000 people, who sat
in automobiles or in the grand stand.
The morning was chilly and foggy, but
toward noon the weather brightened.
The first race at 10:30 a. m., for gaso
line machines, 1200 pounds, and under,
brought out four contestants. These were
Dr. W. H. Kffllogg's buckboard auto
Orient; the National Automobile Com
pany's Rambler, driven by Caesar Luck
hardt; a Stevens-Duryea machine, driven
by C. C. Eib. and a rig \ of the same
make operated by J. Campbell. The dis
tance was two miles. The race was won
by Caesar Luckhardt, who led , all the
way, Jn 3:44.
EL, MONTE, Aug. 10.— The first
tournament of the Automobile
Club of California passed off
most successfully to-day, the
Philadelphia Is Outclassed and Loses
Witli a Score of 2 #
to 7.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTOX, Aug. 10.— Boston outclassed the
Athletics here to-day. For seven innings the
Phlladelphians went out in order. Ground
rules were necessary, owing to the crowd. Da
vis retired on account of Ulness. Attendance,
1O.C0O. Score: R - R
Boston I *<> ©
Philadelphia 2 5 3*
Batteries— Young and Criger; Plank and
Powers.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10. — For the sixth con
secutive time Washington went down before
the locals to-day. Moran, at short, was the
hero of the day. his work being little abort ol
marvelous. Attendance, 2029. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 6 18 0
Washington 1 6 2
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Wilson ani
Klttredge. •
CLEVELAND. O.. Aug. 10. — Cleveland hit
Patterson hard to-day and won easily. Chi
cago could do but. little with Moore. Attend
ance. 2100. Score:
s R. H. E.
Cleveland 10 13 2
Chicago *. 2 4.Vv-»;
Batteries — Moore and Bemis; Patterson and
Slattery. . . , .
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 10.— Falkenborg was
wild, but kept the hits well scattered. Mc-
Farland pitched a good game, but was given
poor support. Attendance. 32C0. Score:
K. H. E.
Pittsbur? 7 13 2
St. Louis 4 6 5
Batteries — Falkenbur* and Weaver; McFar
land and J. O'Neill. Umpire — O*Day.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 10.— The New York Na
tionals followed up their double win of Satur
day by defeating Brooklyn to-day. Matthew,
son would have shut out the local men except
for a passed ball In the ninth inning. Schmidt
also was effective. Attendance, 4500. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 6 2
Brooklyn 1 5 S
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Schmidt
and Jacklitsch. Umpire — Hurst.
TEN THOUSAND ATTEND
GAME AT BOSTON" DIAMOND
Time, 1 :X>1. Start poor. Won driving. Win.
nrr. J. R. Drake's b. g. by Charade-Ljdia
Belle. Lcrd Advocate 81, also ran.
SIXTH RAC&— Selling; one and a «txt«cnth
miles:
Hetun?. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5 — Conundrum. 1O4 i O'Neill).. 2 11%
'2 to 1 — Klcrh'm Qn.. 85 (McCfTrty) 3 4 2 1
if to 1— rat y fctrtet, 103 U. Martin) 4 3 3 1
Tim?, 1 :2u 2-5. Start good. Won -easily.
Winner. W. M. Scheftel's b. c. by. Wagner-
Uhdedded.
Time. 2:1<>. Start cood. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. G. Lang's b. c. by Charaxus-Nlone.
FIFTH RACE — Handicap; two-year-olds; eix
furlorgs:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
r.io2— Wotan. 112 <Hlck») 2 3 14
Jii to S — Bevellle. 1O4 rR*drem)... 12 26
1 to 1 — Calcine. 115 (F'uller) 3 13
Time, 1:32. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. c. by Ben Strome-
Ileniietta. Castailan 107, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Handicap; all ages; one
and a Quarter mlies:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
1 1 to 1O— Circus, -Jii (Redlern; 2 a 13
1«? to JS — Irascible. 92 tH.Callahan) 3 124
2 to 1— Carbuncle. 1OO (J. Martin) 12 3
3 to 1 — Amur. 135 <aiora) 1 2 1 h
9 to 5 — Ftexhunter, 156 <G. Green). 7 1 2 30
3 to 1 — CaJlcr, 13S (Donohue) 4 3 3^
Time, 4:06 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
"Winner. J. W. Colt's ch. g. by Bob Miles-
Ar.ad.em. Manilian 130. Your Grare 130. Hol
land 139. l'y-.e Gun 155, Ohnet 140. also ran.
The last four tell.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; CatakiU sell
ins crakes:
Petting. Horse. Weifht, Jockey. St. "4 Fin.
11 to &— Highlander, 111 (Redfern) 3 2 14
7 to 1— H!sie U, 10« (Hicks) 4 4 2 2
4 t« 1— The Musketeer. Ill <FuIlr) 1 1 S «
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; handicap;
diort course:
Betting. Horse! Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Ttsie, 1:112-5. Start rood. Wen ridden
out. Winner. S. P&get's b. g. by St. Gatien-
Tunaoil. Divination 111, Coal Black Lady
105. also ran.
SARATOGA. Aug. 10.— What promised
to be an excellent day's sport when the
entries closed on Saturday afternoon was
spoiled by the heavy rainfall of Sunday
and the fields were v*yy smalL
By far the most interesting event of the
day was the steeplechase, in which
"Jimmy" Mara again proved that he is
worth his weight in gold as a rider of
steeplechase horses. He had the mount
on J. W. Colt's Amur, only recently sold
by John A. Drake to the present owner,
and on which Drake wagered heavily. The
top weig-ht, Foxhunter, one of the hand
somest henses in training, made the run
ning, in company with J. E. Widener's
Caller. The latter retired after two-thirds
of the race had been run, and then Amur
went on, in company with Foxhunter.
The two fought it out desperately to the
very last Jump. They appeared to be
dead tired. By main strength Mara kept
Amur's head in front of Foxhunter. and
the two passed the finishing point almost
locked together. Ten or a dozen lengths
behind came Caller, which was stopping at
every stride, but managed to last long
enough to defeat Manilian a bead. Sum
mary:
FIUST HACD— Fire and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Welcbt, Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Qren&de, 111 (Q'NelU). .- 3 2 12
•9 to 10 — <?ra«*?r ul. Ill <Cochrane) .2 1 2" H
3 to 1 — Hippocrates, 102 (Redfrn) f- 4 3 1
8pec!aJ Dispatch to The Call.
inf^s £?' . fl^« furlon es. selling— Freckman
108. Eva Clalr 106. J. W. O'Neil 105 Durbar
JSt ' S?"" 0 *, 1 ??; AllCe Con »"oner 103,' Shaitan
103. Miss McMeekin 101. Outwal 100 Golden
£° y ?^'J :ropple 97 ' Alamode 96, Frances
Yowell 06. Banwell 95 Elie 92 -
,^ e<^ n^ . I ? ce -,Si x furl °nss. selling— First Past
122. Galathee 122. Rabunta 114, Spec 112 John
n°vKf 8 \\l Pirat f 112 - Gus Lanka "2. The
Rabbit 112. Angelo 112, Morendo 110 MIfs
Mafiners 110. Little Mission 110. Ladv Chariot
H2r* °^^ Dreala 105 - Ire »e Mac 105. Snow
Drift 103.
/ Third race, one and a quarter miles. handi
cap—John McGurk 108. Aladdin 104 Little
?»?"!.»¦ • B ? nda S e 102. Bessie McCarthy 90.
(Aladdin and Scout. ; Bennett entry.)
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards — The
Giver 113. Callant 107. Wainamolnen 113. Co
lonial Girl 103. Prbdigal Son 100 Barca 100
Springstead 100. Airlight 95. Ancke 95
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Never Fret
£?.?- Pa ,t Morrissey 119. Haydon 119. Balm of
Gilead 122. Lute 117. Eva's Darling 117, Wolf
ram 112. Bay Wonder" 112. Safeguard 112
Hickory Corners 112. Bardolph 115 Beautifui
and Best 110. Floral Wreath 110. Christina A
110, Martinmas 107. Naulahka 105.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles sell
l acan 'S h^A.L ,5rT n » 1C £i Glve An 1° 7 - 'Aline
Abbott 105. Kunja 100. Gracious 100 Frank
Me 100, Galba 98. Mamyelle 97. Florestan 98
HAELEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. -
First race— J. W. O'Neill, Golden
Boy, Banwell.
Second race — Galathee, Angelo,
Irene Mac »
Third race— John McGurk, Bond
age, Little Scout.
Fourth race— The Giver, Callant,
Colonial Girl.
Fifth race — Wolfram, Bardolph,
Floral Wreath.
Sixth race — Galba, Kunja, Mam
selle. .
i> HAELEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— Weather clear; track
Blow. Entries:
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin
4 to 1— Cornwall. 106 (Pollak)... 5 211
5 to 1 — C.B.Campbll. 102 <L.Wlsn) 16 2 3
10 to 1— O'Hapen, 105 (Miller).... H 7 3 u.
Time. 1:41 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J H. Slack's b. h. by Faraday-Alta
B . lue ;.» Knmorle 94 - The Forum 96. Port Jar
via 112. Bab 100. Prodigal Son 97. Louisville
10», also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Puree; five furlongs:
BetUag. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. fc Fin.
9 to 2— N. Hodge. 110 (L.Wilson) 1 1 1 h
5 to 2— Witchcraft, 110 (Robbins) 4 4 2 2
«_jo 2— Detcrm'tion. 100 (P.Phpe) 3 2 3 n
Time. 1:00 2-«. Start good. Won driving,
pinner. \\ . W. Darden's ch. f. by Rosslng
ton-Mrs. Lane. Maiwells 101. Maggie Ltc
ber 104, Donee 10C. Susie Christian 100. Flor
ence Fonso 100. Seven Oaks 100, Voila 100,
Falcon's Pearl 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Purse: one andr a six
teenth miles: «
Betting. Hcrae. Weight, Jockey. St. 5i Fin.
9 to 2— Hargls. 105 (Helgescn). .. 7 4 12
1 to 2— Brags, 107 (Kn^ipp) 12 2 1
C J° 1— w «"?« Nicht. 101 <Adkins) 3 d o 2'A
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won easily,
dinner, L. Corrigan's ch. h. by Hanover-Ex
tra. Brulare 105. Bessie McCarthy 9S. The
Conqueror II 106, HuzzaU 80. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Riverside Stakes; one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
3 to 2— Orsina, 02 <H. Phillips). . . 1112
8 to 1— Postmaster Wright. 114 (S. ¦
Bonner) 3 3 " 1 1£
00 to 1— Lady Matchless, 03 (Knpp) 2 2 3 1
Time, 1:41 3-5. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner. P. Dunne's blk. f.' by Orsini-Sloe
Serge 98. Oronte 1)3, also ran.
Time. :S:34 4-5. Start good. Won driving
Winner. Mrs. R. Bradley's b. g. by Aloha-Pink
H. Lingo 130. Imperialist 14a. Mr. Kose 125
also ran. Golden Link 106, fell.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
O to 1— Paulaker. 137 lOBrien) 3 111
5 to 1 — Falella. 134 (Johnson) 2 2 2 1
•J to 2— Duke of York. UM (Cairns) 6 4 3 12
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Orslna, the Califor.
nla filly which caused C. L,ind.&' Co. to
be ruled off following her defeat the last
time out, easily won the Riverside stakes
at Harlem to-day. She led all the way
and won by two lengths, pulled almost to
a walk. The stake was a selling affair
and was worth $2280 to the winner. Orsina
was entered to be sold for $900, and was
run up to $2500 and bought in by- Pat
Dunne for the customary extra $5. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half, furlongs;
puree:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 10— W. Wright. 108 (Helgesn) 1 1 1 »*
11 to 2— Instructor. 115 (Williams) 6 3 2 2
7 to 1— Chockayotte. 112 (Wilson) 8 2 3 n
Time, :05. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. E. Cushing's b. c. by Boundless-May be.
Sky Pilot 118. Alamansor 115. King Ellsworth
US. Charlie Slade 115. Bill Walters 115, Louis
Kraft It*. Van Hope lls. Kleinwood MS, Pond
115, Oleometer llg.^also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• _ •
Time. 1.-15&. Start good. Woo easily.
Winner, J. F. Daniels & Co.'s ch. g. by Front
man-Popgun. La Cache 05, Ranchman 105.
Harry Griffith 95, Aylmer Bruce $>S> Dotty
Shute 108, Budweiser 100. Cressida 86. Darcy
100. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Hor»e. Weight, Jockey. St. •% Fin.
5 to 1— Custus. 105 (F. Cmlth).. 12 12
2 to 1— Sid Silver. 1C3 (A. Booker) 4 12 5
8 to 1 — Tangent. 10S (Sheehan)... :; a 3 h
FIFTH RACE— One -mile: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2—1 Know, 103 (Louden) 1114
3 to ii — L.Strathmore. lw.'» (Shehn) 2 2 2 8
17 to 1— G. Glitter, 103 (Welckert) 5 5 3 lij
Time. 1:41*4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. E. Burnett's ch. m. by St. Charles-
Assistance. Menace 103. Water Edge 105. also
ran.
Time, 1:15 V«. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. S. Price's, b. f. by Henry Young-
Laurel. Wreath. Folies Bergeres 100. -Sadie
Burch 03. Milkirk 100. Tom Kilcy 105. also
ran. . -' .'
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs: handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
ft to 1 — W, of Ivy. as (Shilling). 5 4 1%
f> to 1' — Forehand. 115 (Troxler)... :t 2 2 1
5 to 2 — Kalnlar.d. Um (Shcehan)... 7 5 S 1
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yards, sell
ing:
Bettinic. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. .% Fin.
16 to 5— Immortelle. 01 (Bridewell) 4 2 12
10 to 1— Exapo. 8.8 (Howell) 5 6 2 1
15 to 1— Certain. 104 (Sheehan).... 7 3 3 1
Time. 1 :48>i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. J. Nplan> br. f. by Pirate of Pen
zance-EIla F. Howling Dervish 107. Tickful
107. Pay the 'Fiddler 100. Chandoo 107. Class
Leader 08. Daddy "Bender 06, Peaches 104,
Professor Neville 103. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse.Welght. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5 — Athena, 100 (D. Austin)... 2 111
7 to 2— Hav<>n Run, 109 (Watson) 3 2 2 n
10 to 1— Leech. 100 (Sheehan) 5 4 3 5
Time. 1:04. Start fair. Won easily. Win
n&r, T. P. Hayes* b. f. by Halma-Bessle
I-ee B. Port Warden 1C9. Bride 10«, Lona S
10*;. Sweet Myrtle 95. Lila Noel 100. Sweet
Note 103. also ran.
Winner, J. B.- Mitchell & Co.'s ch. g. by King
Krft-Mary T II. Ultra Vires 88, Sister Lillian
OS, King's Sister 01. Margie S 102, Miss,- Eon
01. Eliza Cock 102/ Dr. Jones 106, Discord 97,
First One 09, also ran.
| .
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 10.—Moun
tain fires in this vicinity made the heat
almost unbearable, notwithstanding
which Jim Jeffries worked hard in the
gymnasium for more than an hour this
afternoon. He pounded away at the
punching bag until dripping with perspir
ation and then indulged in three severe
rounds j of tugging and wrestling with
Joe Kennedy and Jack Jeffries. While
both of his trainers were well winded at
the close Jeff showed slight signs of
fatigue. To-morrow and Tuesday he will
again * indulge in gymnasium exercises,
but boxing with his sparring partners
will be eliminated. Wednesday morning
the champion and his camp followers will
depart for Oakland. Thursday afternoon
Jeff will strip at the Reliance Club, but
will not put on the gloves.
In his corner Friday night the cham
pion will be looked after by Bob Fitz
-simmons, Manager Billy Delaney, Joe
Kennedy and Jack Jeffries. A club man
from San Francisco, who Is a visitor here
at the springs, said to-day that the re
ports of Jeffries partaking of an occa
sional bottle of wine and otherwise
slighting his training had caused plenty
of short end money. to come to the sur
face. Inferentially the club man said he
would bet 1100 against $200 on Corbett.
Almost immediately Jim Hayes, proprie
tor of the springs and unquestionably
the most enthusiastic admirer the cham
pion has, offered to bet $1003 agafnst $500
that Jeff would win and the discussion
ceased. Hayes thinks the contest will
not go ten rounds, so impressed has he
become wfth the champinon's fast work
and terrific punching power.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
As the hour of the battle draws nearer
Corbett is easing up in his physical
labors at his camp in Alameda. Yes
terday he boxed twelve rounds in the
open air with Yank Kenny and Sam Ber
ger, taking each man one alternately.
After pulling oft the gloves. Corbett went
into his gymnasium and took a turn at
the various muscle developing machines
and wrestled with the large leather bag
filled with wheat, which is much heavier
than Jeffries and bulkier. In the after
noon the big boxer took part in the usual
baseball game.- Corbett expects to con
tinue work until Thursday morning, but
If the mood strikes him he Is apt to in
dulge in light exercise Friday morning.
"Jim thinks that he will weigh about
1S5 pounds when he clambers through
the ropes Friday night." said Professor
Dare, "but it is my opinion that he will
be closer to 1SS. He is now in fine form
and as his general disposition 13 Jovial
he will pick up a few pounds with but
little to do before Friday night."
Professor Tommy Dare, to whose abil
ity as a conditioner more than to any
other person James J. Corbett owes his
present splendid physical condition, ven
tures ! the statement that the ex-cham
pion will enter the ring Friday, night to
do battle with Champion James J. Jeffries
weighing:' close to 188 pounds. He flgurea
that with the discontinuance of vigorous
training work Corbett will take on several
extra pounds between now and gong
time. Yesterday Jim tipped the beam
at 1S6 pounds, and that after he had
taken a fourteen mile run on the day pre
vious and sweated off Jthree pounds.
Mara's Superb Ride Lands
Amur Winner of the
Steeplechase.
Big Fellow* Is Scheduled to
Arrive in Oakland
To-Morrow.
Is "Boosted" Fourteen Hun
dred Dollars Above'
Entered Price.
Professor Dare Says Famous
iv Fighter Is in Fine
Trim.
Heavy Rainfall Again
Puts Track in Bad
Condition.
Heat From Mountain
Fires Fails to Deter
Jeffries. v
Will Weigh Close to 188
Pounds When He
Epters Ring.
Filly Easily Wins the
Riverside Stakes.at •
Harlem.
SCRATCHES MAR
SARATOGA RACES
ORSINA REGAINS
FORM SUDDENLY
CHAMPION DOES
FINISHING WORK
CORBETT EASES
UP IN TRAINING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
Track, While Soft in Several Places, Turns Out to Be in Better
Condition Than Had Been Expected and the Various Races
Prove Highly Exciting to the Many Interested Spectators
AUTOMOBILE CONTESTS AT DE MONTE
ARE MOST SUCCESSFULLY CONDUCTED
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism
Is Not a Skin Disease*
Most people have an idea that rheumatism is contracted like'a cold, that the
damp, chilly air penetrates the muscles and joints and causes the terrible aches
and pains, or that it is something like a Bkin disease to be rubbed away -with lini-
ment or drawn out with plasters; but Rhuematism originates in the blood and is
caused by Urea, or Uric. Acid, an irritating, corroding poison that settles in mus-
cles, joints and nerves, producing inflammation and soreness and the sharp, cutting
pains peculiar to this distressing disease.
Exposure to bad weather or sudden Bowling Green, Ky. i
chilling of fhe body will hasten an at- b o ut a year ago I was attacked by acuta
?act nf P licnmnticm aftAr 4«. m j rhonmatism in my shoulders, arms and
tack of Rheumatism after the blood and ler* below the knee. I could not raise my
system are in the right condition for it arm to cfcmb my hair. Doctors prescribed
to develop, but have nothing to do with ? op me for OT ?F « W t mon i n 5 'Jt**"* 1 * ?!?:
rtii-»al tnm rano*»« of !»*.-„«!*• in» me any relief. IsawS. 8. 8. advertised
the real true causes ;Of Rheumatism, and decided to try it. Immediately I com-
' whicn are internal and not external. menced its use 1 felt better, and remarked
Liniments, plasters and rubbing to mother that I was glad I had »t last found
•Brill sftmntlniflB «j,,». rt.i.i s um« relief. I continued its use and am
will sometimes reduce theinflamma- entirely well. I will always feel deeply
tion and swelling and ease the pain for interested in the success of 8. S. S. since
a time, but fail to relieve permanently il did me BO much good.
because they do not reach the seat of 8U "^ st * MBS * HOBTON. *
the trouble. S. S. S. cures Rheumatism because it attacks it in the blood, and
in-- 1 i~"i ii- **"* Uric Acid poison is neutralized, the sluggish cir-
fl^Nj f#"N| |C"^ culatioa stimulated and quickened, and soon the sys*
:^^^V : ;^ ." ;i^ -.tern is purified and cleansed, the aching muscles and
l^^l |^J J 1^1 joints are relieved of all irritating matter and a lasting
C^T .CS/ cure of this most painful disease effected.
V, , .- _ ' --- S. S. S, is a harmless vegetable remedy, unequalled
as a blood purifier and an invigorating, pleasant fcanic Book on Rheumatism will
be mailed fx*
| ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is there any soap but
* Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third?
Sold all orcr the wwlAVICTORIA, R. C. Aug. 10.-H. M. S.
Amphion left Esquimau to-day, for
Portsmouth, England, via the South
American coast ports. The steamer Amur,
which arrived; to-night from Skagway,
had three passengers on board who were
from the new gold fields recently discov
ered on Arkell ' River. 180 miles from
White' Horse. They say 400 claims have
been staked; . No one ¦ has reached bed
rock.-.The .majority -of the stampedere
were like themselves, being forced to
come out owing to the fact that they had
no provisions or tools. _-
Return From New Gold Fields.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 10. —Major
Weaver to-day personally interested him
self in the Investigation into the cause
of the collapse of the promenade at the
Philadelphia National League Baseball
Park, on Sunday, which caused the death
of nino spectators and the serious in
jury of nearly 200 others. In compliance
with an order from the Mayor, the Bu
reau of Building Inspection appointed a
special committee of expert builders to
examine the broken promenade. Their re
port: will be submitted to the Coroner.
Robert Cling, died at a hospital to-day
from - his injuYies, making " the ninth '. fa
tality aa a result of the accident. _ .^ ,.
To Find Cause of Collapse.
Monday. August 10 . *
Br ship Dundonald.. Milne. 142 days from
Newcastle, England. . - ¦ \. .. .
. mark Kaiulani, Colly, 17 days from Honolulu.
Bktn W H Dimond, Hanson. 20 days from
Honolulu. , .
Schr Wn • Renton. Anderson, 10 days from
Whatcom. ' ¦ •¦
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— Au» 10—12 Dm.
6hlP ! F *"' D^MlsTIC PORTS. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Augr 10—
Bktn Retriever, hence July 23 for Port Had
lock: schr Polaris/hence July IT for Port Gam
ble; schr-Ludlow, from San Pedro for Port
Arrived Au* HV— Ship Hecla. from Port Had
lock. for San Francisco;, bktn Hawaii, from
Ch^mainus for. South ;Africn. ¦ . • '•
MENDOCINO — Arrived Aug- l>— Stmr Pasa
dena,- from San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Auk 10— ?• — Santa
Monica, for San Pedro. . ,.-V ;.•-..;
Arrived Aug 10— Stmr San Pedro, hence Aug
6. via Eureka.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
BOSTON, Aug. IO.-A man believed to
be from Stockton, Cal., was killed on a
tram last night, his head having been
crushed by a bridge. The body was
found on top of a baggage car. In the
man's clothing were found time cards
made out by the Union Pacific Railway
Company payable in Nevada to S. A.
Norris and 'a -letter .to Mrs. A. C. Norris,
112 East Main street, Stockton, Cal.
Stockton Man Killed by Train.
Hooley's meteoric financial career and
failure were the sensation of London a
few years ago. ,v': s
LONDON, Aug. -10.— Application was
made to a magistrate in the Marlborough
street Police Court to-day for a warrant
for. the arrest of Promoter E. T. Hooley
on a charge of having fraudulently and
by false pretenses obtained signatures to
checks and bills of exchange amounting
to more than $630,000. The magistrate
reserved his decision. On Saturday At
torney Finlay Instructed the director of
public prosecutions to investigate some
of the transactions of Hooley in connec
tion with the Sapphire-Corundum mine
of Canada.
APPLIES FOE WARRANT
FOR PROMOTER HOOLEY
OAKLAND. Aug. 10.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Morrison E. Mer
lam, 35. Chlco. and Annie L. Maiden. 31.
Massachusetts; Joseph B. Batten. 34. San
Francisco, and Evangellne L. McLeod, 2D.
Alameda; Charles S. Cu3hlng. 33. an»i
Anne L. Sessions. 34, both of Oakland;
Mathews -Hamilton. 23. and Elizabeth
Stokes. 28, both of Salinas.
Marriage Licenses.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— Clinging in her
dying hours to the name which she had
chosen to save an honorable Southern
family from the disgrace of the life Into
which she had been led, Mary Lytle. who
shot herself on Saturday evening In the
Auditorium, gave an ante-mortem state
ment to the police this afternoon,' signing
to it her adopted name of "Marie Gordon,
Montgomery. Ala," The statement Itself
is a mere catalogue of the events of her
stay in Chicago since her arrival on July
29, which the police and public already
knew something about, but In occasional
explanatory remarks made to detectives
who were standing about her bedside she
revealed the tragedy which blighted her
life and brought sorrow and disgrace
upon the Lytle family of Tennessee, Into
which the late ex-President Benjamin
Harrison married.
A trip through the red light district
with her brother, W. R. Lytle,' his shoot
ing of a porter and her own attempt at
Miiclde form the last chapter of her sad
life.
In her younger days Mary Lytle was a
belle of Murfreesboro. Tenn. Among her
admirers was a young man now said to
be prominently connected with a South
ern railroad. Whether through his Influ
ence or not she did not say, but at all
events she became involved with a fast
set and finally became a social outcast,
moving at last to Montgomery, Ala.
Despite her downfall, she etill retained
her affection for and admiration of the
man for the love of whom she sought
death in her room at the Auditorium on
Saturday evening. Their attachment was
the talk of their circle of acquaintances
In Montgomery. Then he deserted her
and she left Montgomery in the .' latter
part of July with the avowed intention of
coming to Chicago to find him or to kill
herself.
MONTGOMERY. Ala., Aug. 10.— Under
Instructions from Superintendent of Po
lice O'Neill of Chicago. William Lytle,
said to be a brother of Mamie Lytle,
alias Mamie Gordon.^ was arrested here
to-night. The Instructions from Chicago
simply stated that Lytle was wanted
there on the charge of assault to murder.
The young man was arrested at the house
formerly occupied by his sister.
Lytle 1« wanted by the Chicago police
In connection with the shooting of Jacob
Smith, a negro porter In a South Side .re
eort. Lytle visited the place In company
with his sister, and as they were leaving
the place he engaged In a quarrel with
the negro and, Jt is charged, shot him.
India's Crop Prospects Good.
LONDON. Aug. 10.— The Viceroy of In
dia has telegraphed to the India office
that the crop prospects arc good, except
in a few districts where the rainfall was
scanty and the monsoon late and weak.
Many Veterans in Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10— The advance
puard of the G. A. R. veterans bound for
The Grand Encampment at San Francieeo
was conspicuous* in Los Angeles to-day.
ThP arrivals up to to-night included Penn
sylvania, 253 strong: Illinois. 70; Utah. 40,
and Bma.ll scattering delegations from
i>t her States. McDowell Post of Phila
delphia, with 300 members, will arrive to
morrow morning on a special train.
Former Southern Belle
Shoots Herself in
Chicago.
The Chief of Police at Vallejo tele
phoned to police headquarters early yes
terday morning that three suspicious look
ing men had left by the steamer Sunol. It
was thought they might be three of the
prisoners who escaped from Folsom peni
tentiary. Detectives Ryan. Taylor and
Free! met the vessel on her arrival and
saw the three men hiding among the
freight parcels. They were taken to the
Central police station, where it was dis
covered that they were three stevedores
who had been In the country on a vaca
tion and were "beating" their way home.
They were released.
They Were Not Folsom Escapes.
ST. PAUL. Aug. 10.— Word was received
by Union Pacific officials that the missing
hurtle In which $7500 had been sewed by
Mrs. Lucy Van Cerke of Shawn ee and
which ehe supposed she had dropped from
.i train while en route to St. Paul, had
Urn found. Mrs. Van Cerke In the hurry
of leaving her old home had forgotten the
valuable article, and returned home just
in time to save It from being burned as
rubbish by new tenants of her house.
§750O Bustle Becovered
REVEALS TRAGEDY
ON DEATHBED
ALAMEDA CITIZENS WHO ARE
PREPARING FOR GRAND
ARMY DAY.
WOODLAND, Aug. 10.— Mrs. John Wil
son of 1201 Laguna street. San Francisco,
visited Woodland to-day and in company
with the Coroner had the remains of the
man killed by the officers near Davisvllle
exhumed. The body was not that of her
oldest son, who escaped from the Stock
ton State Hospital about four weeks ago
and has not since been seen.
Another woman, whose identiy was not
disclosed, arrived on the train to-day at
noon and also viewed the remains, but
stated that the body was not that of the)
person of whom she was in search.
NOT THE BODY OP WILSON.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10.— E. T. Fetch and
M. C. Krarup to-day completed a SO0O
mile trip from San Francisco to this city
in an automobile. They were entertained
tqr a unmber of automobile enthusiast*
and ¦will stay In Chicago until to-morrow,
when they -will continue their journey to
New York City. The travelers left San
Francisco June -0, arriving at Denver on
July 29. Although BMght mishaps befell
them on the trip, nothing of a serious
nature was encountered.
To Chicago by Automobile.
GEORGETOWN. Colo., Aug. 10.— Judge
Frank Owers to-night issued an injunction
against every member of the Citizens'
Protective League, restraining them from
In any way interfering with the eighteen
members . of the Idaho Springs Miners'
Union who were driven out of town Just
after the blowing up of the compressor
of the Sun and Moon mine.
Immediately after the issuance of the
temporary restraining order, attorneys
representing the eighteen miners and the
Western Federation of Miners filed crim
inal complaints against the members of
the Citizens* Protective League of Idaho
Springs. Warrants against each of them
were Issued and the Sheriff was instructed
to start to-morrow and arrest all of them
that he could find and send them at once
to Georgetown to appear before Judge
Owers.
Swear Out Warrants for Citizens
Who Drove Them From
Idaho Springs.
EXILED UNION MIirEHS
OBTAIN AN INJUNCTION
The National Educational- Association
not being an institution clothed with leg
islative Dowers, it took no official action
on any of the questions Involved. Presi
dent Wh«eler made' an effort to have the
next convention come to Spn Francisco —
an effort that is likely to bear fruit. St.
Louis is the natural place for the con
vention, but as the world's fair will be
In progress there next year there will
probably not be room to accommodate the
delegates. Seattle is also a candidate for
the convention. . _, , 4 •
MEETS . GBOVEB CLEVELAND. \
During hia journey President Wheeler
met former President Cleveland at his
home in Princeton. From Mr. Cleveland
he gathered that the former President
would not be a candidate for re-election,
though he expressed satisfaction that
the Democracy was returning to its old
time conservatism and was likely to again
become, a power in politics.
Regarding the changes that would oc
cur In the faculty of the University of
California this year. President Wheeler
said there would not be as many new
men as last year. For the vacancy in
the civil engineering department he said
he had secured Professor Charles Der
leth of the University of Colorado. The
two vacancies in the history department,
due to the resignations of Professor K.
C. Babcock, who has accepted the presi
dency 'of the University of Arizona, and
Professor G. T. Lapsley. will remain un
filled for the present. Professor Lapsley's
place will remain vacant until after the
present term, but Professor Babcock's
place will be filled In September.
k-k-m i I'M-n; ; : i h-m : h-w
Yale and Princeton and most of the lancer
universities and State universities are satisfied
with the four-year course. They are all willing
and anxious, however, that Harvard should
try the three-year course. It Is recoirnJred
that there is too much of nameness In the
character of the American colleges. Wo have
(tone too far In leveling out the Individuality
cf our institutions. We ought to find some uni
formity of standard, so that students may h»
abl* to movi^from one Institution to another
without beinic hampered by a great many petty
restrictions In the way of requirements to bo
met. When a student comes to us we ask
"what has he studied?" but it seems to me it
would be far more rational to aek If the etu
dent is able to go on with the work he wants
to do.
President Eliot's theories were not convinc
ing enough for the convention anil the general
feeling of the representatives of the State uni
versities was that the four-year course should
prevail.
ment that the lengthening of the high school
course to four years really shortens the bacca
laureate term by one year. His ideal of cul
tural studies is, however, not the literary stud
ies to much as the scientific studies, and hU
culture is not bo much in the humanities as in
the control that comeS from scientific culture.
It is reported from Sedalia that thirty
persons were injured, but that none were
killed. The -passenger train was known
as the "Katy Flyer No. 6." It was due
in Btl Louis at 7:30 o'clock this evening
and is a through train from Texas points.
It is Impossible to obtain details.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aup. 11, 3:13 a. m.
—A diepatch from Sedalia. Mo., reports
the Missouri. Kansas and Texas Flyer No.
6 ditched near Schcll City.
PRESIDENT OF UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA. WHO HAS
RETURNED HOME.
NEW YORK,, Aug. 10.— A small army
of. dockyard employes . besides her own
crew and some of the crew of Shamrock
I, swarmed about Shamrock III as she
lay in drydock in Erl© basin to-day fcnd
began the task of putting: her In trim
for the cup races. She will be cleaned,
repainted and re-enameled., Captain
Wringe does not expect to get her out
of drydock before next week. On Wed
nesday, the day before the first race with
the Reliance, she probably will be, meas
ured by the official measurer of the New
York Yacht Club to ascertain her facing
length and whether cither boat will have
to give the other time allowance.
Washington Township — C. F. Homer, Dr.
James Walrhe. Rev. J. H. McCullough.
Haywards — John McCoy, Charles W. Heyer.
San Lorenzo — Gove Roberts.
Alameda — Joseph Knowland, Major C. L.
Tilden. Dr. T. Carpenter.
Murray Township— Dr. 8. 'I* Savage, W. A.
Wright. T. W. Harris.
Transportation committee — Theo. Gler, Ed*
win Stearns. I. A. Beretta.
Preparing Challenger for Race.
Oakland— Mayor Warren Olney, Theo. Gler
3. C. McMullen, John A. Britton, J. D. Henne
berry, Charles L. Smith.
San Leandro— L. C. Mor«house. J. N. Frank.
Berkeley — J. W. Richards, H. B. Griffith,
F. W. Richardson.
Berkeley — J. W. Richards. Captain J. T.
Morrison, Friend W. Richardson, H. B.
Griffith.
Alameda — Dr. Thomas Carpenter, Colonel R.
A. Daeue, Major C. L. Tllden. Joseph Ford
erer. Colonel George 8. Babcock. - ,
• Haywards— Mayor Charles W. Heyer, A. -S.
Jones. A. L. Graham, P. Wilbert. John W.
McCoy.
Livermore^ — G. Kennedy. Dr. 8. L. Savage,
"W. H.- Wright.
San Leandro — Joseph Barberria, H. F. Eber,
S. Huff.
Pleuanton — Frank Lewis.
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Oakland — Mayor Warren Olney, J. W. Evans.
W. S. Palmer. D. Edward Collins. Theo. Gler,
J. C. McMullen. John A. Brttton, I. A. Be
retta, Charles L. Smith, James I>. Henneberry,
H. D. Rowe. J. Tyrrel. J. W. McClymonds.'
It is the intention of the committee to
have a special boat run from' San. Fran
cisco direct to the foot of" Broadway,'
where the veterans and their families
will be met by the members of the recep
tion committee and escorted to the "Wil
lows," on the shore of Lake Merritt,
where an open air lunch will be served.
If the necessary funds are subscribed
to cover the expense of the entertain
ment, the ladles of the various auxilliax
ies of the Grand Army posts in Alameda
County will be requested to assist in
serving the refreshments, but owing to
the uncertainty of the committee as to
the programme, no official action 'has as
yet been taken In the matter.
Arrangements will be made with the
Oakland Transit Company whereby every
veteran will be presented with a ticket
entitling himself and the members of his
family to transportation to any of the
following Berkeley, Alameda,
Haywards,* San Leandro or Fruitvale,
over any of the lines of the company.
The committee does not intend to have
any parade as it would only result in an
unnecessary amount of fatigue to the old
soldiers, but it may be decided later to
have a line of march- from the foot of
Broadway to the lake shore.
In appointing the citizens' reception
committee Mayor Olney endeavored to
avoid, as far as possible, the appoint
ment of members of the Grand Army, for
the reason that he as a member felt that
the members of every Grand Army post
In Alameda County should consider them
selves members of the reception commit
tee and U6e every effort to make Alameda
County day a success.
The finance and executive committees
will hold a meeting to-morrow at 4
o'clock and It is likely that the pro
gramme for Alameda County day ' will
be finally decided upon.
Mayor plney, who initiated the plan
of. getting the soldier visitors from the
East to this side of the bay. has recog
nized all sections of Alarneda County In
his committees which are as follows:
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
penses incurred by the citizens'
committee on the Alameda County day
reception to the Grand Army of the Re
public. -'" - ' .' -, _ ¦'¦ ." ' V J;>^ 5 **
The. total subscription to date'aTriatjftif'
to $6J7 SO, .and this added to the approV;
priatiori of the "Board of
makes a totai'-qf .111*7 SO-'XitceadT'lp^ttitt'
hand? of the finance cornmIttee.'*Thls:_.is.
less "than half , enough, however, '¦¦ as "it
has been estimated that the expenses' of
the reception will amount to about $3000.
OAKLAND, Aug. 10.— A resolution
wae adopted to-day by the Board
of Supervisors, appropriating $»0O
to be used In defraying the ex-
Fast Express Ditched
on the Missouri and
Texas Road.
The maple rrtom' of- the Palace will con
tain a bewildering display of cartoons,
ideal heads) landscapes. 'marine views,
pictures .of news events, portraits, senti
mental studios .in the, first . annual exhi
bition of the Newspaper Artists' League.
The artists will be represented by their
best work, embracing subjects of world-'
wide interest and worked;. out in every
medium from pen and ink to water colors.
•_Thfe--most clever conceits are ¦, the result
; of their -labor, arid the eargernesa to ob
tain these studies is largely responsible
for tl\e. popularity of these displays. From
present, indications this jfirstv exhibition,
¦which wni^epenfoh ¦0ctob6r;S. will be a
brilliant success. The patrons at this
time Include the .following gentlemen:
' H*nry T.~ Scott", Louis Blocs Jr., J.- A. Kolger,
•Edwin Goodall. George P. Cooper. 8. J. Hendy.
J. S. Tobln. William' Dingee,. Marcun Gerstle.
James Kelly, W, M.< Pierson/ Charles J. Heg
karty, Emll • Baaer. >: Judge W. P. L*wlor.
James C. McKlnstry, Dr. Washington Dodge,
Hon. James D. ; I'helan,' M. S. -Wilson. Alfred
J. Smith. William Alvord. Judtre G. H. Ca
banlps W. E. -Dean. Judge V. J. Murasky. W.
fci. Wood. Kdgar Felxotto. I. W. Hpllman Jr..
A. K. 'Buckingham, Edmund Godrhaux, Wake
field Baker. R. V. Watt, Dr. Window AndfT
*on, Colon* 1 . A. Andrews. Arnold Detune, ICd
ward J. Smith. Hon. Julius Kahn. F. W. Dohr
mann. Julius Kruttschnltt. A. H. Vail, Dr. W.
F. McNutt. Daniel Bixler, Thomaa Alton. Hen.
William H. Beatty. Herman Shainwald. H»nry
Payot, J. A. Morrow, JudftP Jam»i< M. Seawell.
Horace G. Platt. Judse C. T. Conlan, Peter
F. Dunne, William Sproule. Arthur G. Flsk.
Frank P. Deerinjt, Ludwlg Hoefler. Alexander
Vogelsang, L. F. Byington. Dr. Georjr« K.
GoodfeUow. William Rlx. F. .McG. McBean,
Frank J. Devlin. Hon. Tirey U Ford. Gavin
McXab. J. R. Jlowell, P. Cornwall, George
Tyson. Edward Bosqul, Allan Pollock. W. C.
Van Fleet. Louis liazet. H. G. Murphy. Homer
8. King. William A. Blssell, Charles A. Mc-
Lane. W. W. Foote. J. H. Ames. Irving B.
Moulton. G. T. Marsh. James Moffltt. Dr. E.
R Bryant, A. Ruef, James W. Reid. Robert
Fitzgerald. William Corbtn. Rudolph Herold
Jr.. Robert Oxnard, Judge Carroll Cook. George
H. Mastick. Edward L. Braytcn. M. J. Bran
densteln. Thomas Addlson. W. D. Biles. F. W.
Zeile. Percy T* Morgan. Dr. J. Stow Mallard.
George H. Shreve. R. H. Countryman, C. C.
McDougald,' Alfred Sutro, George W. Spencer,
John Breuner, Gustave Gutsch. Harry M. Gold
berg. Henry Schuxsler. C. F. Runyon, Henry
Ach. Thomas P. Woodward. Milton J. Green.
W. E. Dargle, William Babcock. C. M. Bel
shaw, H. D. Morton. J. O'B. Gunn. W. G.
Stafford. Dr. Paola de Vecchi. Dr. G. J. Buck
nail. George W. McNear. John Lloyd, William
R_ Daingerfleld. Dr. Owen Buckland John
Lackman. William" L. Goodfellow, Colonel
George PJnpy, William C. Murdock. George
D. Gray. William Cordes. J. F. Maroney. Major
General William R. Shafter, Donzel Stoner,
David Rich. Frank S. Johnson, R. J. Davis,
W. B. Tubbs.^H. T. Lally, Franklin K. Lan?
Charles Page. Cutler Bonestell, H. W. Phelps
Leon Slow, Henry J. Crocker. C. K. Mulllnc.
Andrea Sbarboro, Ed B. Heald. .Alexander
Hamilton, W. E. Dennison, Henry Elckhoff M
H. Cook. John Bermingham. G. W. Kline*. C*
Osgood Hooker. J. C. Campbell. E. Lande. c'
H. Llndley. William H. Mills. Thomas Price.
Clever Drawings 'arid Caitoons : to Be
' Exhibited in Tttaple Room
V at Palace Hotel. , :
NEWSPAPER ARTISTS. TO v
' EXHIBIT ' ".THEIR - WORK
THIRTY INJURED
IN TRAIN WRECK
The retiring president. ex-Attorney Gen
eral Tirey I... Ford, was given a hearty
vote of thanks for his indefatigable la
bors in the Interest of the organization.
During the reception Miss Watson de
lighted the society with an Informal talk
entitled "Modern Egypt." There were
atso vocal selections in which several
Missourians took cart.
The election of officers for the ensuing
year resulted in the choice of the follow
ing: Frank H. Short of Fresno, presi
dent; Dr. J. B. Hodzen. first vice presi
dent; William Lowe, second vice presi
dent; R. O. Osborn. third vice president:
R. B. McNutt. secretary, and W. A. Ja
cobs, treasurer.
There wa* a large attendance, and
among the distinguished Mlsaourians
were Major Salmon, ex-State Treasurer,
and E. XV. Stevens, editor of the Colum
bia Herald.
The Missouri Society of California met
last night to commemorate the third an
niversary of the organization and the
eighty-second anniversary of the admis
sion of Missouri into the Jf.'nlon.
State Into Union.
Observe Eighty-Second Anniversary
of Admission of Their Native
MISSOURIANS MEET AT
INTERESTING EXERCISES
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 10.— Kansas re
ceived heavy rains this morning, with ad
ditional showers to-day. The Kansas Riv
er has risen .almost four feet since Sun
day, and a still greater rise is expected.
Driftwood and trees coming down indi
cate tha risa above.
Packing companies near the river are
unloading dirt in the river at their plants
to-day and clearing the basement of
goods to be ready for an emergency.
Most of these companies suffered during
the M«v flood. :\:'
Advices from over the State say > the
streams are generally rising. The Smoky
Hill and Blue are especially, high, and
will cause the Kansas River to get much
higher. The temporary bridges erected
after last spring's flood are In danger and
It is possible that another bridge "famine
will be the result of the present flood.
Not much damage has bc.n done to the
crops. Corn is in good condition.
River Rises Four Feet and Packing
Companies Are Preparing for
Coming Inundation.
HEAVY BAINS THREATEN
KANSAS WITH MORE FLOODS
SAMENESS IN" COLLEGES.
President Eliot of Harvard was strongly op
posed to this plan. He ttands for a baccalau
reate course of three years/ making the argu-
The most Interesting session was that in
which the baccalaureate degree was discussed.
This Is a question upon which the "University
of California . has already taken a
decided stand. I was glad to • note
that thts general, trend of opinion
was directly In line with the solution of the
question as practiced here — that is, toward the
maintenance of the four-year course, with the
distinct demarcation at the ejid of the two
college years. By making this sharp division
of the college course the two first years are
devoted to general culture and the two last
years to specialization, these last being also
the basis for a professional career. This plan.
I believe, corresponds more truly to the actual
demands of the facts In American education
and offers the genuine American solution. .
"That Embassadorship story must have
been suggested by my visit to the White
House," he said. "There never was any
thing of the kind thought of either by the
President or myself."
"How about President Eliot of Har-_
vard? They say he is going to retire and
you will probably take his place?"
"Well, that's the first I've heard of it,"
replied President Wheeler. "The last
time I saw President Eliot he was in ro
bust health and 1 am sure there's no pros
pect of his retirement for a long time."
President Wheeler then seemed to think
he ought to make one sweeping, unequiv
ocal statement as to his position and.
after pausing to gather himself together,
he proceeded to unburden himself of thu
words quoted above.
The primary purpose of President
Wheeler's Eastern trip was to preside
as chairman of the sessions of the Na
tional Educational Association at Boston.
This is an immense institution, including
as It does representatives of every edu
cational Institution in the country,' the
membership being about 40,000 people. Its
progress was watched by educators ev
erywhere, as Its conclusions have an im
portant part in shaping the conduct of
all educational institutions. Speaking of
the gathering. President Wheeler said:
EMBASSADORSHIP STORY.
In (his brief but unmistakable state
ment President. Benjamin . iA} Wheeler,
just after his return this morninsr from
a two months' absence. in. the East, set at
rest, for once and: all the' rumors that he
•contemplated, retiring * from \ the univer
sity to accf'pj'* a diplomatic or some other
university position: .V ¦ ~.
Rumor' always takes liberties with
Presfdent^wheeler when he Is in the East
and. during . each of his., three annual
absences from the Pacific Coast his name
has been coupled with all sorts of absurd
possibilities, ' Ills' visit to President
.Roosevelt, with.. whom he. spent a night
at 'the White HouVe this summer, started
the rumor that hf had been offered the
post of Embassuojr to Frame, though
there was no ¦ vacancy there, or likely to
be. A little later hi* visit to Harvard
University set a rumor a-going that
President Charles W. Eliot contemplated
retiring and that President "Wheeler was
being sought after by the trustees of the
university for the vacancy anticipated.
Thess absurd stories followed President
"Wheeler all through his. travels this sum
mer and he smiled when the representa
tives of the press, to whom he gave audi
ence this morning, asked him to deny or
affirm them.
•|—^. ERKELEY, Aug. 10.— "Just say I
1»=4? nm devoting my life to educa-
LJ/.tlon in California; and I never
will think of any other career."
Just before the shooting Folsom-street
car number 1005 passed on its way to the
ferry. Motorman W. H. Bookman and
Conductor I. Watsoti consulted for a mo
ment, then ran the .car to the scene of the
shooting and" took Sample to the Harbor
Hospital. Their presence '.of ,'mlnd en
abled the wo'unded man to reach the hos
pital and -make' a dying statement.- It
is believed he'- will --die #arly to-day r ,. ;¦.•;.
Sample's dying statement was taken by
Assistant District Attorney Flood. He
pai<l .the two men were lighting a third,
who was a boilf>r-maker> When he tried
to break up the fight h*» was atacked and
shot down. Dr. Miller said Sample could
not live.
The suspects werfi taken to the Harbor
station, where Sample lay.in great pain,
a bullet wound in his brain, his face
powder burned. He identified Sullivan as
the man who fired the first shot, possibly
the second, though of this he was not
certain.
The prisoners are men of scare 21 year*
of age.
\ The combatants at once attacked him
and Sample fought back with his club.
During the struggle two shots were fired
and Sample fell to the sidewalk. The dis
turbance made a great noise and Patrol
men N'obman and t Clark, and Special
Bcatty arrested ' Powell and Sullivan as
they ran from the scene. !
Robert Sample, a special policeman who
lives at 4330 Twenty-third street, was
fatally shot at a late !rour last night, and
John Henry Powell and Charles Sullivan
were arrested for the crime. Sullivan was
once arrested for robbery, anu he bears a
hard name. . '•» .¦•'¦*¦.' ¦.
The shooting occurred ; •- on Folsom
street, between First arid Second. There
had been a political meettngJn the vicin
ity, and after the crowd had dispersed
Powell and Sullivan got into a' fight.
Martin Kelly, It is, said, told Robert
Sample that the men were fighting,
whereupon Sample attempted to separate
them. .,'¦-.
Capitalist Charles R. Lloyd never for
gave his son Frederick for the • stand
t: . latter took In connection with th«
shooting of Lloyd by his nephew,
William Boxall, at San Bernardino last
January, and In his 'will, which was filed
to-day with the County Clerk, the senior
Lloyd expressly states that he makes no
provision for his son Frederick. The will
was dated June 19. 1903. and was mada
Just prior to the senior Lloyd's sailing for
t! ? Orient. He was under $100,000 bonds
to appear at the trial of his nephew on a
charge of assault to commit murder.
Representatives of Lloyd's estate say
he was worth close to Jl.000,000. The will
was filed to-day by Attorney Arthur W.
Goodfellow, who, with Thomas Addlson.
Is named as executor. The entire prop
erty is left In trust to them for ten years.
One-third of the Income Is to go to the
widow of the deceased and the other two
thirds Is to be divided among: three of his
children. Charles R., Mabel F. and Ethel
Mary. At the end of ten years me prop
erty is to be divided in the 3am« propor
tion. In alluding to his son he says:
"For my son, Frederick XV. Lloyd. I ex
pressly make no provision." There Is no
allusion as to the reason why Frederick
is said to have sided with the Boxall
forces in the troubles of the capitalist
last winter.
Certain small legacies are left by Lloyd
as follows: To Matilda Buttner of Sunot.
$500; to Lcie H. Wilkinson of Los Angeles.
$500; to Elizabeth M. Nix. wife of Samuel
Nix of Oakland. $3000, and her mother,
$1000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Aug. 10.
Early Morning Affray on Fol
som Street Will ReVulb'
in Death: ;
Will Leave His Estate to Hi3
Widow and Three
Children.
Citizens of Oakland and Other Towns of the County Will Exert
Themselves to Make the Visitors Happy, and an Open Air
Luncheon Will Be Served on the Shores of Lake Merritt
Ruffians Fatally Wound
Special Who , Was
Quelling Fight.
Charles Lloyd Expressly
Disinherits One of
His Boys.
ALAMEDA DAY WILL BE MEMORABLE
FOR VETERANS OF THE CIVIL WAR
ROBERT SAMPLE
IS SHOT DOWN
NEVER FORGIVES
SON FREDERICK
THE, SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
President Wheeler Returns From the East, Disposes of
Rumor That He Is to Accept Office From Roosevelt
and Tells of National Educational Association" Session
DENIES HE IS TO ACCEPT
FOREIGN DIPLOMATIC OFFICE
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To restore vigor to the system,
promote sound sleep and assist di-
gestion' you should take a dose of
the Bitters before each meal. It
will cure Sick Headache, Ner-
vousness, Indigestion, Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and Kidney Trou-
bles. Be sure to try it.
DENTAL BRIDGEWORK
Made for the Cost of Material at the
COLLEGE CLINIC.
AH work under the personal supervision of
the professor of Crown mnd Bridge work, and
Euarar:te»<i 22K told and th« b«t materials.
EXTRACTION Free. PAIXLESSMethod,.
CLEANING Free. GRADUATES Only.
Week Days. 9 to 9 Sundays. 0 to t.
POST-OitADUATE DENTAL COLLED*
' Saa Prancitco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington 8tr««fc
Saa Joie — 45 East Santa Clan Strtft,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Long Sick and Nerv-
ous Headaches.
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain
Pills Cured Me.
They Gave Me Instant
Relief.
The coEmon affliction of all mankind is
headache. From it few are entirely free.
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills will cure and in
most instances prevent headache of any kind
or decree. If you cannot enjoy theatre going,
car-ridinc, dznrin*. if you are subject to
nauaea from nervous excitement, the f atirncs
of travel or s-.fht- seeing, Uke an Anti-Pam
Pill before an attack comes on »nd you will
find that you can successful!/ ward ott all
disagreeable symptoms. AnU-Pain Pills are
the best of remedies for backache, neuralgia,
sciatica and rheumatic pains: .co^ 1 *" 1 no
opiates, non-laxative; never sold in bulk.
"With the greatest pleasure I recommend
Dr. Miles 1 Anti-Pain Pills to everyone who
suffers from nervous or «ick headache. All
my life long I was troubled with headaches
of a very severe natare, and have tried many
powders and other remedies without success.
By chance I tried Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain PUU
and they gave immediate relief.
*:nce the first dose have I been troubled
with headache. Whenever I feel it cominir
on I take one or two Pain Pills and it all
disappears."— WH.UAM Brown, Genesee,
Idaho.
This is to certify th*t I have used Dr.
Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for neuralgia and neu-
ralgic headache and have found them to give
relief— E. D. Weed. "Ex-Mayor and tx-
U. S. DiiL Atty.. Helena, Mont.
All druggists sell and guarantee Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills. They are non-laxative: con-
tain no opiates, never sold in bulk, 25 doses,
secerns. Dr. Miles' Medical Co, Elkhart,Ind.iSAN JOSE, Aug.? 10.— Within the "past
twenty-four; hours f San Jose has experi
enced several slight earthquakes. Lick
Observatory,; reports: one. a few minutes
past 8 o'clock . last » night ; and one this
morning at. 2:51:07 and- another. at "3:01:10.
.There were .several pother very light
temblors ' experienced Mn the" city- after
daybreak. ¦
|« Slight Earthquakes Felt at , San ! Jose.
SAN PEDRO. Aug, lO.-Captain Smith
of * the- schooner ;Maria' E. .Smith, which
arrived last night from Ballard, Wash.,
reports the loss on the 5th inst. of Charles
Henry •Xoveland,.a" sailor, 22 years of age.
Lpveland ; fell from the 'mainmast - peak
to the deck, a distance of sixty feet, and*
rolled Into the sea. Efforts to recover
th'ebody failed. Loveland's home was In
Boston. . „ . '." .. .'.-'
Falls Overboard and Is Drowned.
. SEATTLE, Aug. 10.— News of three ac
cidental deaths during the past week
were brought down by the steamer Hum
boldt from Skagway. Three men,* name*
not known, were killed in a -mine acci
dent, at Trcadwcll and several more were
badly injured. Three tiers of . timbers
were loosened and crashed down on the
heads of. the workmen. The bodies were
buried at Treadwell. ",. .
Several miners have heen killed in the
mines at Treadwell during, the past year.
Miners Killed by; Falling Timbers.
SAN JOSE. . Aug.* 10.— The j automobile
house at the Vendome Hotel was broken
into Saturday night and .a' Cadillac ma
chine taken and wrecked. The thief evi
dently did not understand running the
machine and it got beyond his control be
fore he had gone a hundred yards. The
springs, lamps and axle of the auto were
broken and it will cost 5300 to repair the
damage. An employe of the Hotel, who
has been missing since Saturday night, is
under suspicion of being' the gu!lty party.
Automobile Is Stolen From a Hotel.
TO SAIL.
"WOODLAND. Aug. 10.— A joint meet
ing of the executive committee of the
general committee appointed by the
Board of Supervisors and the Women's
Improvement Club and a committee.rep
resenting the Chamber of Commerce was
held this evening, at which- it was de
cided that an exhibit of Yolo County pro
ducts will be made at Uhe State Fair.
This display will probably , be made up
of the Yolo exhibit for the St. Louis ex
position, the Yo!o exhibit at the Grand
Army Encampment' and- additions made
thereto by the committee representing the
Chamber of Commerce.
Yolo Will Exhibit at State Fair.
Steamer. . From. ' Due.
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahulul. . Aug. 11
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Aug. .11
Bt. Paul Nome via Seattle Aug. 11
Czarina Coos Bay I Aug. 11
Alameda Honolulu lAug. 11
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. | Aug. 11
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Aug. 12
Argo F.el River Porta Aug. 12
Pomona | Humboldt Aug. 12
City Panama. New York via Panama. Aug. 12
Chlco Coquille River Aug. i:>
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Auk. l^C
Santa Rosa... .San Diego &. Way Prts. Aqg. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
Atholl .... China & Japan Aug. JK
Edith Seattle ..* Aug. 14
Centennial . . . Seattle & .Tacoma Aug. 14
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Auk. 14
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor ; Atlg. 14
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 11
R. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 15
S. Barbara...) Seattle & Olympla Aug. 15
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Corona Humboldt Aug. 15
Claverlng China & Japan Aug. 15
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 15
Chehalls ' Grays Harbor Aug. 10
North Fork. . .; HumUoldt Aug. 17
Sli-rra ; Sydnt-y.A Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Connado : Grays Harbor Aug. IS
Enterprise Hilo •• \us. IS
Loos iiay Newport & Way Ports.|Aug. IS
Amer. Maru.. china & Japan. ...... .Aug. IS
Silesia.. J battle .\...|Aug. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria. . .Aug. J8
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports I Aug. 20
Acapulco New York via Panama; Aug. ,20"
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 10. 1903:
The lime ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e.. at nooa
of the lLVth meridian, or at S p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C BURNETT.
/ Lieutenant. U. S. N., lnyCharge.
More men are coming to the encamp
ment dally, the total number now being
more than 600. Target practice was the
special fgature of the morning. On
Wednesday morning a detachment of reg
ulars from Fort Rosecrans will entertain
the guardsmen with an exhibition of wall
scaling, and in the evening a ball is to
be given in the big hotel by Company B
of this city.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 10.— Hundreds of vis
itors from this city went over to Camp
Last this afternoon to witness the dress
parade of the Seventh Regiment on the
big grounds near Hotel del Coronado. The
officers of tne camp 'to-day were the
guests of Colonel Vogdes, commanding
the United States regulars at Fort Rose
crans.
Detachment of Regulars From Fort
Rosecrans Will Entertain .
the Guardsmen.
VISITORS TO CAMP LAST
WITNESS DRESS PARADE
CLEARED.
Monday, August 10.
Etrcr Columbia. Doran, Astoria; Oregon Ry
Shipping Intelligence.
AKKIVED.
Monday, August 10.
Ermr Gualala, Johnson. 11 hours from Bow
en? L*ndinp.
Ktmr Ceniralia. Ertckson, 36 hours from Re
el ondo.
s?tmr Whitesboro. Olsen, 14 hours fm Green
wood.
i-'tn-.r Que»n, Cousins. 59 hours from Victoria.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, 11 hours from Most
Landing.
Stmr State of Calilcrnia. Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diero.
titmr \Yh:tti»r. Macdor.ald, 40 hours from
Ventura. Vv river direct.
Stmr Eureka. Jesi"»n.. 26 hoars from Eureka.
Rr ftmr Atholl. Torter. 31 days from Kong
k'jnR. via Yokohama ltt day».
Br ship Slieve Bawn, Eerguson, 82 days from
Newcastle. Aut.
Br ehlp Balascre, Lloyd, l"0 days from Ant
werp.
Br f-hip Quren Victoria. Baker, 152 days fm
Antwerp.
Fr bark Jacoteen, De Heronval. 1S1 days
fmm Liverpool, vie Hobart 74 days.
Fr bark Amlral Courbet. Glocher. 145 days
from tilaEjrcw, via Roth^say lXt days.
6<hr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega. «
Hehr Bella, Jann^cn. S'4 days from Sluslaw.
Tug Tatoosh. Bailey, b'~ days from Astoria,
*> itb loe raft in tow.
Tug Sea Lion. Manter, S'4 days from As
toria, with Iok raft in tow.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tldcn of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide o£ the
day, when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The helzhts given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus < — )
sign prec*des the heights, and then the number
given is substracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the "mean
of the lower low waters.
The Fteamer Umatilla sailed on Sunday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consipnpd to various British Columbian ports,
valued at fSO.CSO and inrludinif the following:
21 «® pkfcs fre*h fruit. O> r.kgs fresh vegetables.
ll.W»O lbs raifin*. 2U,.'J73 lbs driM fruit, Oti.970
15* malt. H;r> pkp* onions. 27.."!2S lbs beans.
2.« cs canned roods. 40 oa syrup. 75£0 lbs 50
c* millstuSs, Kui" lbs cheese. S"0 lbs sugar.
7.*.0 lbs nops, f«01 bxs paste. «^".O lbs chocolate.
14 cs honey. 420 1b* nuts, 150 kegs pickles.
4«>0 !bt ehrimr*. 225 eais 21 ra wine. 7 c*
epiees. 31 pkss and provisions. ll.Sfl.'t
pkjtB njlnirjf mal-hinery. 5 i>kg£ dry poods. 89
j.fcgf arms and ammunition. 25 cs axle Krease,
6 cyls gif. 17 ikg? paint?. 415 lbs sheet zinc,
>« ; i.ps drugs and chemicals. IS ca patent med
icine. 7S0 tins matches. 40 cs oil. 10 coils wire.
£; pkes iron, 1W7 piss lead.
Merchandise for the North.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights -of High and Low
Waters at Fort Pcint. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by ofJlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hirh and low waters occur at
the cltv front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
y TUESDAY. AUGUST 11.
Sun rises 5:21a.m.
Sun sets T:09 p. m.
Moon rises 8:40 p. m.
D ITbnei Timel JTime Tlme|
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft. .
? II \vl L Wj |ll W L. \V
U T'oTj 4.7 7:00| 0.7|' 1:55 5.01 7:29 2.1
12 1:35 45 7:351 1.1 2:22 5.0 8:19| 1.0
13 2:22 4.3 S:14 1.5 2:54 5.1 0:07 1.6
14 3:20 4.1 8:57 1.0 ZOO 5.2 10:l<}| 1.3
15 4:35i 3.0| 0:4-| 2.3| 4:15 5.3U:18| 1.0
10 (5:01 3.SI10M7! 2.C 5:09| 5.4i I
L, W IH Wl L, Wl |H \V|
17 0:24, 0.6 7:2S 3.9jll:55 2.S 0:101 5.5
The British shii* California and Marion
I. :c l . •;•>;. will load general merchandise here
for Llverrxxri.
The French bark PieiTe Ar.tonine. on Puget
Sound, was chartered prior to arrival for lum
ber thence to Port Pirie. at 3<»s.
The German Ehio Sirene. in Puset Sound.
was chartered prior to arrival for wheat
thence to Cape Town at 23s Od.
Charters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Swedish bark Aifhild was cleared yes
terday for Valparaiso, Chile, via, Port Town
•end. with 45,136 feet cf lumber, valued at
f2C0O.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN."
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The army transport Lo^an. which arrived
Sunday froni the Philippines, docked yesterday
at Fol«om-«trwt wharf, where such of her
:• ..•:.. r passengers as did not lar.d«at the Prt
fidio went ashore.
Logan Is Docked.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. lO.-Owing to an
Increase in its assessment of more than
$100,000, the Marin County Water Com
pany, Is at outs with the city of San Ra
fael. The company will make strenuous
efforts to have its taxes placed at the
same figure as last year, while the mem
bers of the City Council who are opposed
to the corporation will put forth every
endeavor to have the assessment In
creased over former years. ' .
William Vanderbilt, City^Assessor, in
making up the assessment roll for the
present year, appraised the water com
pany's property at J11S.0OO more than It
was appraised last year.
The Board of Equalization met in the City
Hall to-day to examine the assessment
roll and to listen to San Rafael taxpayers
who had grievances. Several large prop
erty-owners asked for a reduction of their
assessment,' but the water company made
the "strongest plea for a cut. Attorney K.
B. Martlnelli appeared in behalf of the
corporation. In asking for a decrease Mr.
Martlnelli stated tljat the company had
not improved its property to warrant any
such increase in the valuation, and as
the Council would not permit the cor
poration to raise the water rates. Its in
come was, he said, necessarily decreased.
For that reason, he argued, that the prop
erty should be assessed' at the same flg
ure as last year.
The matter was taken under advise
ment.
ASKS FOR REDUCTION
OF ITS ASSESSMENT
Marin County Water Company Is
Not Satisfied With the As
sessor's Figures.
The rates of reinsurance on the two overdue
'¦¦¦t-r-r'.f at present on the board took a Jump
y«tterday. The Mllion Park was advanced to
03 per cent and the Helen Brewer was
marked up to SO v>er rent.
Reinsurance Bates.
der Growe, from New Tork.
MOVILLE — Arrived Auff 10 — Stmr Mongo
lian from New York for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Cym
rls. from New \Tork.
GLASGOW — Sailed Aup 10 — Stmr Corinthian,
for Montreal.
SEATTLE. Aug. 10.-A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Dawson says that
Ed Manthei, the man who perjured him
self and sent Helen Wagner, an Innocent
woman, to the penitentiary from Nome
last summer, has been captured in Dawson.
While her case was on appeal Miss Wag
ner died of a broken heart in a Seattle
hospital. Manthei has been a .fugitive
from Justice for more than a year.
• ¦!¦¦:¦; m ; i n i n u : i : n I'M-* •
Justice Overtakes a Perjurer.
The BritiBh ehlo Slieve Bawn. Car>uiia Fer-
Fuson. which arrived yesterday. 82 days rrom
Newcastle. Au^traiia. wef two weeks making
the last WX> miles of her voyage. When with
in tht» distance from jKirt strong northerly and
easterly winds were encountered and for four
teen days the Klieve liawn fought her way to
ward the land. She brought 2102 tens of ccal.
Tvro Weeks Off the Port.
Ore cf the largest leg rafts that has ever
be«n towed into thi« pen arrived from Puget
Pound yesterday. It was moored on Mission
flats. The tags Tatoo«h 'and Sea Lion left
Astoria en the evening of August 1 and brought
the big raft through the Golden Gate, The
raft Is made up cf piles. It is £25 feet long.
64 fe*t In beam and 21 'i feet deep. It con
tains more than S.OOO.COO feet of lumber. ¦
Log Baft Arrives.
A Japanese was found dead in a boat
yesterday near Kanaimo. -His partner
turned up to-day and said that for five
days he had been floating around the
gulf with the dead body, fearing to throw
it overboard and unable to navigate into
the Fraser River. ¦
Not only did the small boats suffer dur
ing the night. /Several scows, which were
veritable floating fishing stations, were
carried away from their moorings and
swept, ud the crulf.
VANCOUVER.. B. C. Aug. 10.— A storm
swept down the Gulf of Georgia early
this morning while 3000 fishing boats were
out and it is estimated .that a Rcore of
Japanese were drowned. Thlrty-flve boats
failed to report at the canneries this
morning and each of these boats con
tained two men. Later in the day it was
found that eight or ten of the boats had
sought shelter in the small bays among
the islands, but It Is probable that at
least ten of the fishing craft were either
overturned or else = battered against the
rocks and their occupants drowned. The
identity of many of the lost men may
never be discovered. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Five deep sea. vessels arrived yesterday
fiom almost as many foreign ports. The
British ships Qur-en Victoria and Balasore
reached here from Antwerp, the Queen
Victoria out 132 days and the Balasore 130
days. The French bark Jacobsen arrived,
74 days from Ilobart and 1S1 days from
Liverpool, and the French bark Admiral
Courbet, which got in during the after
noon, was 1S3 days from Rothsay and 143
days from Glasgow. They all report un
eventful passages except the Balasore,
which for eIx days encountered heavy
gales in the English Channel.
OCEAN STEAMERS. •
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr L«on
XIII. from Naples, etc.; stmr Ryndam. from
Rotterdam.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Kais'r
Wllhelm der Grosw. from New York, via pjy.
mouth, for Bremen (and proceeded).
Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Koenlgen Luis*, 'for
New York. .i
GIBRALTAR— Passed Aug 10-^-Stmr Oanfa
from Seattle and . Tacoma. via . Yokohama
Hongkong and Singapore, for London.
PLYMOtTTH— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Patricia
for New. York. ¦ - ¦ - ¦ ;
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 10-rStmr Frifdrlch
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 6— Ger etmr 'Luxor
for tan Francisco.
FLlTgHlNG— Passed Aug 7— Br ship Clan
Robertson, from Antwerp for .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug'0— Br stmr Do
ric, hence July 23.
NEWCASTLE. NEW— Sailed Aug 8— Br etmr
FMtiden*'. for .
GUAYMAS— Arrived Aug 8— Schr Lottie
Carton, from Eureka. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
1ION'OLT T LC— Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Rosecrans.
for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Santa !!¦ ra. hcnce< Aug 9. and sailed for San
D!*ko.
PORT IjOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 10— Ger
thip I'ranla. from San Diego.-
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Montara, hence Aur 9- * .
Sailed Auj 10 — Stmr Ramona, for San
Pedro.
• TATOOSH— Parsed out Aug J«V— Chil bark
Etna iAjisa. from Olympla for .Valparaiso.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed • Aug 10— Ship
Hccla, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 10— Schr
Oceania Vance, from San Diego. •
Sailed Aug 10— Schr John G North, for San
Pedro. ¦
EI.'REKA— Sailed Aug 10— Br bark j Grass
mdT, for London. • ,
MENDOCINO — Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Pasa
dena, from 'Pan 'Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug I;— Stmr Pren
tls«. hrnce Aug R; ftmr Greenwood, from Al-'
Won: *<*hr Bangor. from Grays Harbor; sehr
Maria E Smith, from Ballard. .
BALLARD— Arrived Aug 10^-Schr Wempe
Bros, from Port Townsend.
and Kav Co.
Stmr Rainier. ,Hansen, Seattle: Pollard S S
Co.
Swed bark Alfhild. Fwar.sen. Valparaiso, via
Pert Townsend; E T Bowrlng.
SAILED.
Monday. August 10.'
. D S Ftmr Alert. 'Klmball. cruise.
Scl-.r J M Colman, Peterson, Astoria, j
Ftmr Aberdeen, Uaniels. Portland.
Stmr Coquille River. Dart. Eureka. /
Rtmr Mackinaw, Storra. Tacoma. /
Schr C A Thayer. Monsen. Falrhaven. '
titmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle 1 .
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
fitmr Ontralla, Ericcson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Mendoclno.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Navarro. Weber, BihUrs Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 10. 10 d m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles an hour.
"SPOKEN*.
July 15— Lat 13 S 33 W. Fr bark Neuilly.
from Rotterdam for San Francisco.
July -JO— Lat 3 S 31 W. Fr bark Genevieve
Molinos. from Hull for San Francisco.
Per Fr bark vacobyon — Aug 9, off Point
¦ Reyes, ship Falls of Clyde, from Hllo for San.
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
i REDONDO—^Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Aure
lla. from Port Harford; stmr G«o Loomis,
! hence Aug 8.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Aur 9— Schr ICov
: elty. hence July 17; schr Wawona, from Kan
-Pedro.
COOS BAT— Arrived Aug 10— Bktn Chehalls,
hence July 25.
Sailed Aug 10 — Stmr Signal, for South Bend.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug »— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
Sailed Aug 0 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco; ecfcr Rer>eat. fcr San Francisco; stmr
Alliance^ for Astoria.
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Bonlta. fm
Juneau: Ger ship Slrene. from Rotterdam.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Humboldt.
from Skagway.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 8— Jap stmr Tosa
Maru for Yokohama.'
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Expansion,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug » — Br stmr Telcmachus, for Liv
erpool via China.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug 10 — Bktn
Retriever, hence July 23; schr Ludlow. from
San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 10 — Schr Wempe Bros, for Bal
lard.
WKSTPORT— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Newt- !
boy h*-nce Auc 8.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Aur 10— Stmr \
Grace Dollar, for Usal. with lighter in tow.
BANDON— Arrived Aug a— Stmr Chlco. he
Auk EL
. GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug S— Stmr G C
Ljndauer. for San Francisco. 0 — Schr Henry
Wilson, for San Francisco; sohr Jennie Stella,
for San Francisco; ttmr. South Portland, for
San Francisco. . '
Arrived auk 9— Echr E T Alexander, from
Honolulu. . .
It)RT HADLOCK— Arrived Aug JO— Bktn
Retriever, hence July 23; schr Ludlow, from
San Pedro.
This decision gives any party to litiga
tion a right to enforce the taking of
depositions of the' opposite party before
a notary.
That part of the decision in the Leztnsky
case which holds that the power to punish
for such contempts Is not given to the courts
In which the' action Is pending by the provis
ions of sections 1B8S-1891. Code of Civil Pro
cedure. Is Inconsistent with this conclusion.
Thore sections do not attempt to give such
power In the case of depositions, except to the
officer taking the deposition, but in so far
as that case holds that the court in which
the action is pending baa no power, under
section 1209. to punish as a contempt of its
authority a refusal to obey the subpena of a
notary engaged In' the regular proceeding of
the taking of a deposition In the action com
manding the attendance of a witness for the
purpose of. giving his deposition, we are of
the opinion that it is founded on too restricted
views of the nature and origin of our courts
of general Jurisdiction, and of their powers
as set forth in the Code of Civil Procedure, and
that it should be overruled.
It follows from the reasons we have stated
that the court below had jurisdiction of the
proceeding for contempt, and the writ of re
view should be denifd and the proceeding of
the court below affirmed, and It Is so ordered.
SUSTAINS LOWER COURT.
Thin question was decided in the negative in
the Lerinsky vs. Lezlnsky case. There can
be no doubt that the decision has been the
caute of great and numerous obstructions to
the proceeding of our trial courts In the ad
ministration of Justice. That it has not met
with the approval of the profession Is mani
fested by the frequent attempts that have
come to the notice of this court to compel
obedience by resort to ¦ other methods. The
effect of nuch a rule Is that the power of a
court to compel a witness to testify Is limited
to those cases where he is required to be per
sonally present at trial. In the matter of giv
ing his deposition a witness may exercise his
own pleasure and may obey or disobey the
subpena of the examining officer as his con
eclenoe or inclination may dictate.
The conduct of the petitioner in refusing to
answer the mbpena. Issued by th^ notary and
willfully refusing to attend at the time and
place fixed for the taking of the deposition
was an Interference with that proceeding.
The Supreme Court yesterday rendered
a decision reversing the decision in the
Lczinsky case. The opinion was written
by Justice Shaw and was concurred in by
Justices Henshaw, Beatty and Van Dyke.
In the case of the Union Collection
Agency vs. the Fire Dispatch Company it
was sought to take the deposition of one
E. O. Burns before Notary Public A. J.
Henry. Burns ignored the subpena, and
an order of the Superior Court was made
directing Burns • to show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt of
court for refusing to appear and give
his deposition. The court thereupon ad
judged Burns guilty of contempt of court
and the matter was taken up to the Su
preme Court on certiorari to review the
order of the Superior Court in adjudging
the petitioner guilty of contempt The
higher court said:
The Question is whether the Superior Court
in which an action is pending has the au
thority to punith for contempt a witness who
refuses to obey the subpena of a notary. Is
sued in pursuance of regular proceedings un
der the code for the taking of his deposition
to be used In the pending case.
ANNOYING DECISION.
TACOMA. Aug. 10.— A special from
Port Townsend says that preparations are
under way at Forts Flagler, Worden and
Casey, commanding the Straits of Fuca,
tOv prevent the Pacific squadron, under
command of Rear Admiral Casey, from
entering Puget Sound waters unknown to
the forts named. Under instructions from
Washington, Colonel Grimes, command
ant at'Fortw'lagler. is on the lookout for
the cruiser New York and other vessels
in Admiral Casey's -eet. The mimic war
fare'in contemplation has for its object
the determination of the alertness of the
officers and men at the forts command
ing the entrance to Puget Sound. The
test will be quite as difficult as those re
cently made on the Atlantic coast, and
especially since dense fogs prevail almost
daily on the lower Sound at this season.
The Pacific squadron left Bremerton
several weeks asro for a practice cruise
in the Notth Pacific Ocean and inciden
tally to select the most available site on
the Aleutian archipelago for coaling sta
tions to be visited by warships coming
and goinc from the Orient. The entire
absence of telegraphic communication
precludes all possibility of intimation
either as to the movement of the fleet
there 'or the possible date of its return.
These ideal conditions are thus being
made use of by the Washington authori
ties to determine whether a hostile fleet
could run the sauntlet of the triangle
of defensive works off Port Townsend and
capture the Bromerton navy yard.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Livernash replied that Moore's chair un
occupied was as pleasing a sight to him
as when the lawyer was present.
The hearing will be resumed this morn
ing and should be closed by, the end of
this week.
During the afternoon Livernash began
filing statements of several hundred car
men who complained of the raise in their
rent. This action on the part of the
carmen's counsel brought out' a. strong
protest on the part of Attorney Moore.
He said these statements should have
been tiled when Livernash. was handling
his case in general. The filing of the
statements took up too much time and
overfilled the records, he said. . He wound
up by sating that he did not intend to sit
at the desk and . listen while Livernash
read from the big mass of documents in
front of him. . .
MOORE BECOMES WEARY.
The strurmre of this Government rests upon
the broad base of popular rights and culture.
T.'io ancient Siatfs, for the most part, did not
contemplate the elevation of the people, antl a
competency %nd culture were the privileges sf
the few. The Egyptian and Roman monuments
•¦•/ere largely constructed by slave labor. Their
civilization was top-heavy and superficial and
hence not deeply rooted. The American Idea
Is to diffuse these benefits and not concentrate
them. The Government rests upon the lntelll-
K?nce and morality of the people, because man
hood suffrage la the aource . of all political
power. • . • ¦¦
I therefore consider the effort Inaugurated
by lab*:r to procure more leisure and the
means to meet a higher standard of living, al
though it be selfishly made, results In advanc
ing; and preserving American civilization. This
demand cannot go any further than the ability
of the country In Its resources and business en
lerprl.-es to meet it. without discouraging anu
embarrassing production and manufactures. So
long as it servce the purpose of effecting a
more generous distribution of wealth, leaving
ample ar-.d legitimate, though not excessive,
pronto to th<* employer, then and In that event
it preserves and promotes the i>ermanent lnt«^r
cbts of the cmintry.
POPULAB RIGHTS.
The greater the number who. may pessess,
c\en In a small degree, the leisure and the
meanc of enjoying cultivated life, or of Im
proving themselves, the greater is the commu
nity's contribution to -civilization; and, I be
lieve that every man«who haa the industry to
work, should claim leisure as a right to Im
prove hlmrelt outside of the employment In
wrlch he is enrased. and that It is the Inter
tf.t of the community to see that he Is pro
tected in that right.
If it Is possible for more '.work to be done In
this climate in comfort the year round, that
fact should not wholly be used for greater
productiveness, but should also serve to confer
stradler employment and greater leisure. In
other words, the people and the community
should b* the beneficiaries, not only In a mate
rial sense, but In an education and patriotic
sense, of the favor of nature.
Third — The remunerative employment of the
people leads to culture and civilization. In
which every member of the community has a
right to participate. Where a country Is rich
in natural resources or made prosperous by
the enterprise of Its citizens In commerce,
trade or manufactures, reasonable leisure anil
the means for culture should naturally follow.
Families of workingmen are better cared
for and educated and there Is, comparatively
spesking. nc evidence of life in the slum*,
which, unfortunately, is a part and parcel of
metropolitan. existence on the Eastern seaboard
and in Europe.
I think the people of this city live more out
of doora on account of the favorable climate,
and that the standard of dress and the need
of nourishing food are more exacting on that
account. The care, dress and education of a
family imposes considerable expense upfin the
wase-earner, and it would be unwise to check
this expansion of culture and civilization.
NEEDS GREATEB HERE,
Livernash followed with his rebuttal,
which* included more affidavits from car
men to the effect that their rents had
materially increased In the last few
months. Livernash also filed statements
from Dr. Jerome A. Anderson. Dr. "Wash
ington Dodge and James D. Phelan in ref
erence to carmen and the cost of their
living in comparison with Eastern cities.
Ex-Mayor Phelan's statement follows: ~
I desire to »ay. drat, that aus compared with
other ulaces which have come under my ob-
KTvutlon. the present material situation of
the working classes In general In San Fran
cisco is good. In most employments wages
nave beep. Increased to meet the Increased coat
of living.
Second — The standard of living Is hither In
San FrancUco than In the cun/tested districts
ot the East and Bur&pe. There are better
men • enmloyed In, for instance, street-car ser
vice of San Francisco than In New York. Phil
adelphia cr Boston, for the reason. I believe,
that It requires courage and thrift to bring
thorn to the remote West, seeking to better
their fortunes; and men of California nativity
are affected by the higher standard which our
remote position and other circumstances have
created. - • ¦
The arbitration proceedings between the
carmen and . the United Railroads opened
again yesterday morning . after several
days' suspension. Attorney Moore on be
half ofc^lhe street car corporation filed a
number of affidavits relative to the cost
of living and also. in reference to the num.
ber of unemployed men In. San. Francisco
at. different times, and then rested his
case. 7. . ¦ - '. : V.;.'- :
Reinsurance Rates on Over
due Ships -Take a
Big Jump.
Important Decision s Under
Which Depositions May ?
Be Enforced.
Will Attempt to Prevent the
Squadron Entering Sound
Waters Unnoticed.
Scows Are Torn Prom Their
Moorings and Smaller
Ez-Mayor J. D. Phelan Makes
Gallery Play to Labor
Parly. :
Five Deep-Sea Sailing
Vessels Anchor in
the Eay,
Officers at Fort Plagler
on the Lookout for
Casey's Fleet.
Subpenas of. Notaries
Public Must Be
Obeyed.
Score of Japanese Meet
Deatli in the Guir. ;:
of Georgia.
Livernash Enters Court
Loaded Down "With
Affidavits.
WINDJIMMERS
ARRIVE IN PORT
SUPREME COURT
UPHOLDS HENRY
FISHING BOATS
CAUCHT IN STORM
MIMIC WARFARE
IS CONTEMPLATED
CARMEN FILE
MORE FIGURES
THE SA{N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
Steamer. ] Deslnatlon. I Sails. I Pier.
AnRiiMt 11.- ¦'
North For.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix MendocInoCy dlrct 1 pm Pier 13
Arctic Ix>s Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
'Ccrona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Columbia... Astoria &• Portland 11 am Pler*24
AiiKtint lli. • '
Eureka Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
Rival. WiMapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier ' 2
J. Dollar... Seattle & Taconia. 10 am Pier 2
, AujruM 13.
Newburg... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Dlcgo & - Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 19
Olympic Whatcom & Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
AoKuni 14.
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier ..
Queen Puget Sound Porte. 11 am Pier "9
Pomona Humboldt ........: 1 :.5O p Pier U
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier- 2
¦ AnnrnHt 15.
S. Barbara. I-os Angelps Ports. . 9 am Pier 2
Chlco Coquille' River .... fi pm Pier 2
Arcata Coc« B.&Pt.' Orford 2pm Pier. 13
Han Jose.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Marlposa... Tahiti direct .11 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu lKnra Pier 7
at. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Ple.r 27
. AtiRUwt HI. -
g. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
G. >V. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
AagnRt 17. ' ' .-• ¦
llonita..... San Pedro & Way.. 0 am Pier 19
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
AngruNt. IS. .
Al)lenc«.... Eurrka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt ..... 10 am Pier 2
Coptic;. ....China '& Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm pier 10
i . .- .. Amcnnt 10. . . ¦
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11. am Pier 9
Centennial. J Seattle & Taonma.. 10 am Pier 2
Ati«rn«t 2O. • :., 7
Mlnnewaeke New • York - direct . . ...... Pier —
• • Anfftiftt 22.
City Panam N. Y. via Panama|12 m Pier 40
Bllenia Hamburg & Way.| 2 pm Pier 27
. . - ¦ FROM • SEATTLE. -..-.. .-,..,
• bteamer. . " For.: V Sails. !
Farallon Ska r way & Way Port* Aug. 11
Humboldt . . . . Skagway * Way Ports Aug." 12
City Topeka. . Kkagway & Way Ports Aug. 1 1
Al-KI Skagway & Way. Ports Aug. - 15
Cottage City. . Kkagway & Way Ports Aug. , 15
Oregon Nome ~. : Aug. l»j
Santa Ana.... Ccok«' Inlet A Way Pts. Aug." m
Dlrigo -. . 'Skagway :&¦ Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle.:. Skagway .&¦ Way Ports Aug. 21
Nome City... Cocks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. St
10
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
California
3 imifpn
To CHICAGO
Ideal Tiuin
l^^H^^^l or oss Who
SA1TTA FE TRAINS. '
Leave Market-street Ferry. Depot. '
j^,^ i L , m . d l,,^, Qv'rl'd
, Daily | Pally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30 a 0:30a .4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton..... 1 10:40 a] 10:01 p(-7:10p 11:15 p
"Merced ...... 1:05 p 1:65 p ....;.. 1:28*
"Fresno 2:40p 3:20p. 3:15a
"Hanford 4:58p 4:07p:...... 7:S0a
"Vlsalla ...... 4:6Rp 4:4Sp .'...... 5:0Oa
" Bakersfleld .. 7:15 p 6:00p....... 7:35 a
"Kansas City..: 2:35 a ........ 7:00a
"Chicago-...: ". 2:15 p .-..;. 7. 8:47 p
a for morning: p for afternoon. • ' - '¦ •¦• . •
7:30 a. m. Dally ia Bakersfleld Local' stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquin Valley* Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m.'.- Monday and Thursday Is. the
CALIFORNIA LIMITED.; carry! me
Palnce Sleeping Cars and Dining- Cara
through to Chicago. Chair car rttns to Bakers.
field for accommodation of local flrst-clasa pas-
sengers. . No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. -Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p, m, Tuesday and Friday.
¦9:30 a.' m. Dally, .Valley Limited/Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between . Bakers-
fleld : and" San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at" 11:10 p.. m.-' dally. •• -v.
, 4 :00 : p. m. • is Stockton ¦. Local. Corresponding
train arrlvea at .11:10 a.' m. daily .
8:00 p. m. : Dally la the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair > Cars to 'Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding, train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally 1 -
; Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and ; East leave San. .Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at • 8 p. , m."
. ¦¦ Offices— 641 ; Market street and In Ferry De-
pot, San Francisco;' 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
I (Main Line. Foot of Market Street > >.
LUTl — faOM AC8CST 1. la03. — AMITI
7-OOa Benlcia. SuUua, Elmira and Sacra-
mento Z-jf*
7.00a Vacayllle, wmteni. Rumser. 7-25*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Callstogn, San U Kosa 8-25r
7.30* Ulles. Utermore, Lathrop. Stoclt-
ton 7-25*
8.00a DaTta.WoodlaD<l. Knights Landing.
MaryiTllle. OtovUIi-. (connects
at MarysTlUe for Grtdley. Biggs
. ~andCblPO) -Z'55*
800* Atlantic Expre»«— Ourten and Ea«i. 1 0-Zb*
8.C0a FortCiwta, Martinez. Antlocb. By-
ron, Traey.Siockton.Sacramento,
Loa Banos. Mendota, Haaford.
ViMlla. Portenrille "•4^5»
B.COa Port Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modcmto, Merced. Fresno.
Gomhen Junction, Hanford, Vl-
salla, Bakoraneld 5-25r
8.30a Enmta KxpTess — Darls. wniiama
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
tFrnto. ned Bluff. Portland 7-53?
830a yiles. Saa Jo*e. Llrermore. Stock-
toD.lone.8a«r»niento,P\acerTllle,
MaryiTille. Chlco. Bed llluff 425p
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne and Angels 4Z5P
9.00a Martinez and Way Station*. 8 56 r
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
«"IO.0OaEI Pa*o Passenger. Eaitbonnd.—
Port Costa. Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced. Itaymoad. Freino, Han- •
ford. Vlsalta, Baknrsfleld. Lot
Angeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrlTes via Coast Line)... «1-3O
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Ogden,
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 82§f
12.00m Hayward. Nile* aad Way Sutlona. 3.2aP
UOOr Sacramento RlTer Steamers til.CC?
HQr BenlcSa, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, William*. Colusa.Wll-
lows. Knights Landlox. Marya- ''-'-^
Tllle. Oroville and way stations.. 10 55*
330r Hajward.NllesandWay Stations.. 7 55*
4.00F MartInez.Sann*mon.ValleJo.Nap«,
Callitoga. Santa Ito»a 25a
4-00* Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. lO'sf*
400* Nlles. Lirermore. 8tockton. Lodl.. 4-25*
430r Hayward. Klles. lrrlngton, 6aa { +8.55*.
Joie. Ltvermore f Jl 1.55a
SCO* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Uaiersfleld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at 8aagns for Santa Bar-
bara. 8.53a
6 CO* Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Banos 12-25*
t5 30* Hayward. N'llea and San Jose 725a
8.00* Hayward, Nl!ei aad San Jose 10 25*
6X0* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denrer.
Omaha. St. Loots. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Cv pas-
sengers only out of Baa Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and eoach
paaiengers take 7.00 r. x- trata '
to Reno, continuing thence la
their cars 6 p.m. train eastward.. 4.25*
Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
From New York. Chicago. Xew
Orlesns. £l Paso. Loa Angeles.
Fresno, Berenda, Raymond (from
Yosemite), Martinez. ArrtTes.. 8 25a
7.00* Ean Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations. 11 25a
J7X0* Vallejo.... 7.66»
7X0* Port Costa, Benlcta. Suisun, Davis,
8acrameato, Trnckee, Keoo.
Stepa at all nations eaat of
Sacramento 7-55a
8X5* Oregon ft California Ezprets— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Reridlag.
Portland. Puget Sound and £a«t. 8.55 a
29.10* Hayward, Nile* and San Jose (Sun-
day only) t11 55*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
deito. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semite), Fresno, Haaford, VI-
salla. Baxerstteld 12 251
COAST LINE (Marrow Uangej.
¦ (Foot of Market Street.)
}745a Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday *
only) iS.10*
8-1 5a Newark. Centerrllle. San Joie.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations i 25*
tZ-15* Kewark. Centerrilte. Ssn Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos,7ellon,
Boolder Creek. Santa Cru and
Principal Way Stations 10 55a
4-16* Kewark. San Jose. Los Gatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs toroacrb. to Santa
Crnz; Monday only from Santa .
Crnz). Connect* at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek t855 t
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. "
Trom SAN irKANCISCU. Foot of Market St. (Sllpo
— 17:15 8:00 11:00 a.m. 1C0 300 5 15*.*
From OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — t«:0O {3:i"4
18:03 1H:OU a.m. 1200 200 400 *.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad uan«e).
VW~ ri'nird i»O'l lO^naenii Streeti.)
6.10a Ean Jo*e and Way Stations 75c*
17 00a Ban Jose and Wny Stations 630*
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frid.) /4.10*
:7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Er<-nr
•Ion (Sunday only) *... {330*
8.00a Coait Line Limited— Stcpsonly San
Jo»e.Gllr«y.no!ll»ter.Paj»ro.Ca»-
troTllle. Saltnan. San Ar<io,Ps»o
Kohles. Santa Margarita. Ean Luis
l)bispn.(prlnrlpalntat!ons thence)
P tnta Barbara Saugus and Los A n-
er lei. Connection at Castrort'la
t<» and from Montr rry ami Paclfla
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
trom Cap!t«Ia and SaataCmz 10-45*
¦ ¦COa 6an Jose. Trcs Plnos. Capitola,
SantaCrtlz.Pac!uc Grove. Sullen*.
Kan La's .Ubfcpo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
Wenhound El Pa*o Passenger —
From Chlcsiro. El Paso, Lus An-
.-_. gelfs. Santa Harbara. ArrlTes.. 1.30*
V?sS A Sin Jose and W«y Stations LltJ*
11 .00a Cemetery P««»rnaer — South Saa
- _ Francisco, San Bruno 1.CC»
1 1 JOa ssn Jo»e, Los Gatos and Way Sta-
tions 5.3C?
««2 F Ssn Jose and Wiy Rtntlon x7 0(T*
2.0C* 8an Jose and Way Stations 59 40a
Z.dur Cemetery Psuena-er — South Saa
.____ Francifco. San Bruno 4.35*
T la-CC* Drl Monte Rxprens— Santa Clara.
Ean Jw*r. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Sum*
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
. -- Creek and Narrow Gausre Points) fiZ-lS*
0-4C* BnrUagame. San Maieo. neilwuod.
«i MenloPsrk. l'*U> Alto Mayneld.
• _ . Mounuln View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jone, Gllroy (connec-
tion for Holil4ter. Tres Piaos).
Pajaro (connection for Wat»on-
' vtile. Capitola and Santa Cruz),
Pacine GroTt- aod way itattons.
Connects at Castroville for Sa-
-¦¦¦«L Unas... 1045a
4.JC* 8« a j oie , Dtl way Buttons 838a
TO.OO* san Joie. (?!• S»nr* Clara) Los
Uatoa. Wright and Principal Way
._¦"' Stations zL'-- »900a
15-30* SanJoteanilPrlncfpiiIWayStaUons t3C0A
t8-15r San Mateo, neri-sford.Delmont.San
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. TaloAlto t848A
P3Dr San Jo«e snd Way Stations 836*
7 CO* Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa -i.
Lais Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angele*. bemlnir. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
arrive* via San Juaqufn Valley)... w82S*
8. CO* Palo Alto an.1 Way Stations...:.,.. 10-15a
• 11 31p Mlllbr % e. I'alo Alto and Way Sta-
tloni t9 45*
a1U0*MilIt>rar. San Jo»e and Way Sta-
lions tU dSv
A tor Morning. f iur Atleruouu.
> Saturday and Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations oa Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. 1 8an&iy only,
a Saturday only.
at Connects at Goshen Jc with trains for Haaforl
VUalls. At Fresno, for Vlsalla via, Sanser.
• Via Coast Line. / Tnesdsy an<t Friday.
1 ' eiCep * S * tUrd -'-
t Stop* Santa Clara south bound only. Conaeeta.
rxcept Sunday, for all points Narrow Gange.
tar-Only trslns •topping at Valencia St. smthbeen*
are «:10 A.a~ 11:00 a.m.. rsfty.n. and 6:S0 *.m.
The W^y Call
•$1 pep Year.
When You
Go East
Let me attend to the details <?f your
trip, and relieve you of all the respon-
sibility and worry. That's what ocr
office force is here for — at your ser-
vice. Through glorious Colorado from
Salt Lake City to Denver, and then on
to Chicago, St. Locis . and Boston.
That's the way we take you. It's the
' rao3t intensely interesting rids ia '
America. \
Kindly let me hear from you.
W.D.SANBORN.Gen'l Agent Burlington Route.
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
690 Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
'^AN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAY 0O3SPA2TT.
Tlbuxoa Ferry, Foot of axaxkat St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SA2T XiAFAEX..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, S:00, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 5:50. 0:30 aad 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:C0. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 8:10 «:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEL TO SAW FSAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 6:60. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a, m.: 12:50. •2:00, 3:40. 5.00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m. «
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, »:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:60. 5:00, 5i20 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco, f May 3. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day*. I tlon. ' | daya. } Days.
7:30a • I 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a I.naclo. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:Wp 2:30p 6:00p 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:10 p lti:2»p 7:25 p
, I 7:25 p
7:30a 7:31a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a , Petaluma. <>:20p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
. . 5:10 p Santa Rosa. | . '. -
7:30 a 7:30 a 110:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. I 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p ) 7:25 p
Wlndaor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Htttldsburff. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton. ,
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyservJIle. 7:25 p| 7:23 p
¦ Cloverdale.
7:30 ol 7:30 al Hopland. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| and Uklah. f 7:25 p| 7:25 p
Tlioal 7:30 a| Willlta. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I K:4O al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p; 8:20 p
STAGES connect at " Green Brae for San
Qaentln. at Santa- Rosa for Whlto Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Spring?: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skaggs >prlng»: at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Spring, High-
land Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Hoda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs
Upper l^ake. l*omo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot fprinca. Half-
way House. Comctche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins Mendoclno City, Fcrt Bragg, Westport.
Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood." Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Cum-
mings. • Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Garterville. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket o:flce. 650 Market street, Chronlcla
building. - .;...-.-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
|jB^*g§gg| TO SAN RAFAEL
S^^PIjI san ouentin,
Illlllll^ MILL VALLEY,
«^^^ CAZADERO, ETC.
WKEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
4:15. t5:15. •6:16. «:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
"SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
ts M t'10 11. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30 V1:S\\
«-35 •3-BO * 5 «! 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
"'TValns marked <•) run to San Quentln. Thos«
marked (t) «o Fairfax, except 6:15 p. m. Satur-
!?ay«. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
tO FBOM*SAN RAFAEL TOSAN FRANCISCO
— WtelT days— 5:25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:15. »:35.
11:05 a. m. 12:30. 2:20. J3: 45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45.
1O SIJNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. «:10. 9:40. J1O:55,
±11-45 am.. 12:50. 2:30. $3:25. 4:40. :5.5a
t-55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
"Trains marked- U) start from San Quentin.
FlfoM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days— 3:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
9:45; lf:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 6:10. floa!
10-40 D. '»¦••• ¦ ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1«S.. 2:40. 3:43, 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p.
1 THROUGH TRAINS. . • - ¦
'- 7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations. -~-y •'¦•¦' M
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted)
Ton- ales and way stations. ;
• 3:15 p. ra., Saturday! — Cazadero .and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. tn.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market at.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tia Snaalit* f«rry Arrive "
SaaFran. PojuI Barkn 8L _ SanFran.
Week Sun- , . Jja. ¦ ~»an- We«S*
Da y- J2ZL- JsSmffiP^ day, Day,.
1: f- f iS ! 22 A »«:30f3:30f
!^ P ll-3oi 3;30p O :50f
UtmUyi ealjr. k»ti TtrtoT 9;3Or, arriTtlf.'': TzSOr
T iSKL' 1 « Masot St^ (North Shore Railroad/
omCB I and Sausauto Pekky. Foot Market St.
,,...._ . / BAU.WAY TBAVE21
L-6w ToPointe
pv.fp East and Back,
*xdtc One
CXCUr = par e
SlOflS Aug. 18X25, 26.
Full particulars, Call
llljlBlMllmf or .Address 623 Mar-
IfflKAsSiaJI Mi C - A< RUTHERFORD.
|^^^@ Dist. Pas'g'r Agent.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Truth Back of All Our
Statements.
as to our laundry work.. The more 'you
investigate the better you will be "pleased
I by our work and methods, comparison of
which we peek. Truth to tell, it would
be difficult to find any one who would
£}»eak ill of oty way of laundering linen.
No saw edses. , *
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MARKET BTEEET,
Near Powell.
Coal Reduction
j 2000 Pounds
j Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $fO
Sola by All »elUbl* Dtaltm ,^' FLOUR— Calif ornia Family Extras, $4 80ffl
4 83, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 C0@4 60;
Oregon and : TVashlngton, • $3 9004 20 per bbl
for family and |3 80@4 40 for. Bakers'. .
• MILLBTUFFS— Prices in packages are : as
follows: Graham, Flour, $3 60 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, '¦ $3 25: Rye • Meal. , $3;- Rica fFlour, v ; $7i
Corn Meal. |3 BO; extra cream • do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 BO; Hominy, $4 25O4 CO; Buckwheat
Flour. ?4*60©4 70; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa-
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO, Aug. 10.— Wheat opened with a
good show of strength. Influenced ty higher
cables, continued small movement and'.-un
favorable weather. September being WQr%c
higher at 80%®80%c. The early, market was
active, with considerable profit-taking in the
December and May- deliveries, - which caused
an easier feeling during, tha first hour, but
the news in general favored the bulls and
private estimates on the new crop being more
pessimistic than the most' enthusiastic bulls
had anticipated and under this influence the
market again became strong j toward the -noon
. hour. During the - last hour there -was I quite
heavy liquidation, due to the report that the'
private . estimate on the crop *¦ prospects was
altogether too low, and despite tho efforts of
the. bulls the market' receded,: September, sell,
Ingr off to 7994079HC and closing at 70%g80e—
a loss of %eilc.' - ".....-.
Corn ruled strong early in the 'day in sym
pathy, with strength In wheat and In' higher
cables and cold weather in « tbe corn - belt.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 6%®0o for Royals
and »®10c ' for 'Moorparks: -Evaporated Apples.
5%06ftc; Peaches, 4H©7c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal , at 7c
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4®5Hc;
tun-drled. 3@4c; Peaches. '. 4©5%c: Pears, 4©
¦J^c for quarters and 6©OV5c, for. halves; Nec
tarines, 4©3c.for white: Pjjims, 4i?<Jc for pitted
and l@l%c for unpitted; FVgs. 3^@4c for black
and 4®3o for white. ,:*-•--*•-.. -,.;¦.¦¦, « ¦ _i
PRlJNEB — 1002 crop, 2%©2%o for the four
sizes, with %!tflc premium lor the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1002 crop - are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 80-lb. boxes, 6Hc per
lb; 3-crown, S%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels,' Be; Seedless Sultanas. 6c; Seedless
Thom psons, 6 14 c ; 2-crown . Lonaon Layers, 20-
Ib boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown. *1 60; 4
crown fancy ¦ clusters, 20-Ib boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. %1 50; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, $;-):< Seeded, f.a b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons. 7%c; choice, 7HQ... .„,,«.»
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 sortshell. 12'A(pl3c;
No.' 2, lOWSHHc; No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c;
No. 2, lO@lo^c; new.Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10% c for I XL,: 10«/4c for Ne Plus Ul
tra . and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts,. 6@7c
for Eastern; Pecans,; ll@13c; Cocoanuts, ii 80
«B. ---¦-.- ¦. --.".".¦ ¦' '' > ¦:¦-. ••¦ •'
HONEY— Comb', new, 12>/i@13^c for white
and llo for amber; new water white extracted,
5 V4@«c;. light amber- extracted, 5®5Hc; dark,
4H#4%c. '•¦•' . ¦ • •
BEESWAX— 27©29c" per lb. •
Dried Fruits, Nutsfeaisins, Honey.
• inc. and its weakness and that of Atchison
!:ad a f-ympatbetic effect in draugggrlng the whole
Mat backward to below Raturdajr night'* level.
This Jlgulfiatlon had apparently cpent Its fore*
toward the latter part ci the day, and confl
o< nc* was renewed as by the absence of fail
ures. The market turned strong In the latt
hour, and the early top-le\-el was generally ex
'«*-ded and the active clocks rose from one. to
'«ro points over Saturday's closing level.
t'nion Pacific was consplcuouEly etroac and
advanced 2% over £atur4ay to 70. The clos
log was (jui^t and.tteady, with th« advances
**!1 maintained. ;
Oeaerel news was ignored in the day's move
ment, whirh hinged upon the character of the
i-vj-i&ff and the a«llii>£. There was less forced
Thi» was notably the case In Missouri Pa-
:;an Pacific etock, and that stock loaned at &
ptenhua for use over night, which offered In
ilucerocnts to refrain frcm forcing the ehorls
:* ci>v«r comxileu-ly. The etork. after being
:-ufhe<J un «lx points. ea.«cd off. The demand
. .-r •¦..!¦•¦•!¦ was v«iry cone:;!cuous also in Union
Pacific. SouthcrtJ Pacific and Metropolitan
Hired Railway, which, n will be remembered,
were very fiercely raid<-d by the bears on Sat
ur<!ar- The fear that the Haturdsy slump had
uncovered weak rpots again which would force
¦..•-•¦<¦!. n< :ii- was i.i:i,« t -i by the announcement
ltt the • :.n of the :;im hour of trading that uii
1 back ti.i-f.t- had ;¦:>••¦ .-d thraamh - the Clearing
Huuse. Tti« dJpciijllne administered ' to tbe
!><-ar* by the upward flurry In prices had the
•Xect ct somewhat subduing their ardor for
i.ttack. The markfct was not frfe from points
¦<f weakness, however, and liquidation waa r«
¦ ..<•<! from time to time in different parts of
thr Ufct.
NEW YORK. . Auk. 10.— Measures were
adopted in Wall tUvet to-day similar to those
of last Thursday, when the demoralized break
in stocks vu controlled by tbe opportune pro
tective measures of large banking Interests
ejid market manager* for various etockB. There
vae a similar burrylnc back to the financial
<1!ytrift by men in the financial world to re
pair the 'damaee by Saturday's violent break
in prices. The downward plunge of prices wes
flMfcked for the time, but there was no such
»--jsta-lned tendency to recovery as was the case
.;.n Thursday, and the «entlroent regarding
th<? market continued feverleh and unsettled
throughout the day. The early dealings gave
'I ear indication of the large part played by
1 1 of*? fcional operations on the short side in
• ausing Saturday'* slump. When It became
i'-ar this morning that effective measures had
. -«-n taken to bold price* at tbe start, there
i.f Kotnetbins of m. acramble among- the
li-jrts to cover their outstanding commitments,
hlch caused a strong rebound in price*,
•ftoir demand was notably urgent for -Cana-
New York Stock Market.
Yokota Denied a Landing.
The special board of inquiry connected
with th« 'United States Immigrant Bu
reau at this port completed an examina
tion \esterday Into the matter of the ap
plication of Y. Yokbta. a Japanese shop
keeper, oh returning from a visit, to Ja
pan. A petition signed .by 100 Japanese
residents -was . received stating that To
kota was engaged in an immoral and.
unlawful occupation— that ©f a. procurer.
The evidence tended to substantiate th« .
charge and -the board recommended that*;
he be denied a landing. 'The findings and
recommendation of • the :• board were ap»
prove* by * Commissioner North.
Yokota.haa been keeptns a. Japanese .
bazaar on Post street, opposite Union
Square. '
Seeks Custody of Ward.
Anna M. Phillips, guardian of Sarah
Lawrence, a minor, applied to Judge
Troutt yesterday for a writ of habeas cor
pus. She says the child te being'unlaw
fullyrrestralned of her liberty by ; F. H.
Hackett and his wife. The Hacketts Mto
at 1108 Santa Clara street, Alameda.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con.
tlnues quiet, but attractive fruit is held at
full late Drices and the tone of the market
remains steady. Common are Quoted at 4©
5%c; prime. 6%@6c;- choice, «»48C%c, and
fancy at 6%©7%e. >, . .
PRUNES — Spot prunes remain firm, though
the averase sales are of a Jobbing character.
Pric«-s ranee from 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Firmly -held on spot and tome
buying of futures is reported. Choic*. 8@8%c;
fancy, 10® 12c. .
PEACHES— Quiet; choice, 7@7%cr fancy,
SSlOifcc. : ,\v;cv:j +!:¦¦¦'¦
NEW YORK, Au*. 10.— FX/DUR— Receipts,
29,600 barrels; exports, 15,700 barrels; market
ttrm and held higher. < '
WHEAT — Receipts, 85,375 bushel*; exports,
30,081 bushels; sales,- 2/600, 000 bushels futures.
Spot market, firm; No. 2 red, 85*4 c f. o. b.
elevator and 80%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 02c t. o. b. anoat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, O5V4c f. o.- b. -afloat. Most of the
session was active and stronjrer, with shorts
nervous over prospects ' for a bullish Govern
ment crop report, higher cables, small Russian
shipments and a bullish estimate of the North
west croD helped to advance prices. In the
last hour however, realizing weakened prices
and the close was l%c lower. . May, 87U®
88c, closed at 87%c; September, 85 G-lG®
86 l-16c closed at 85%c; September, 85%®
bC^c, closed at 85%c.
HOPS— Firm. ¦ :
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL- Quiet. ' . , .
SUOAK— Raw. firm: r«flned, firm. >. , •
COFFEE— Spot, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
5 3-16c. Futures closed steady, net 5016 points
lower; total Eales, 24,000 bafs, . Including Au
gust 3.70@3.76c; September, 8. 75@3. 85c; No
vember, 3. 95® 4.05c; December, 4. 3504. 40c;
January 4.45c; April, 4.76c; May, 4.75<g4.80c;
July, 4.80@4.65c.
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower. The world's shipments
1 for the week were as follows in quarters-
Russian. 109,000; Danublan, 66,000; Argentine'
140.000. The American visible supply de
creased 310,000 bushels.
j Chicago sold higher at the opening, owing to
expectations that the Government report would
be bullish. The Commercial West, too issued
an estimate cutting down the anticipated crop
of the three Northwestern States to 147,000 000
bushels. Low temperatures in the Northwest
were another bullish factor. The Southwestern
markets reported a good cash demand
This market showed a' continuation of the
easy tone noted at the close of last week and
futures were lower, but the cash .grain' re
mained unchanged. ,
CASH WHEAT.
. California Club, $1 45@1 50; California
White Australian, $1 50®l 62%; Northern"
Club, $1 45: Northern Blue Stem. $1 65- Ore- ,
gon Valley, fl 52%\ '
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • Higrh. Low. Close
December ..$14-4 $1 48 $1 47% $1 47%
: 1 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 47-)i $1 47% ?l 47% |1 47%
BARLEY— Futures were lower, but previous
prices ruled for the cash grain. A report
from, Stockton said that thousands of tons had
recently been purchased In the surrounding
country for export. : ' .
CASH BARLEY. /
Feed, $1 OB®1 07%; new Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12U@l 17%; Chevalier. $1 20®l 40 for
fair to choice. ,
FUTURES.
Session U to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. " Close"
December ..$1 00% $1 06% $1 05% $i 05%
\Vt.- '-:• •' '¦ 2 p. ' m. Session.
'•': Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 O5V4 $1 05% $1 O5V4 $1 05%
OATS— Show no change. The market is
quiet, but well held.
White. $1 2001 30; Black. $1 12%@1<27U'
Red, ..si 12%®1 17% for common and «1 204*
1 SO for choice; Gray.: nominal.
• CORN— Offerings are still light. Quotations
show little change.:
California", large Yellow. $1 67^01 62%
small-round do. $1 7OQ>1 75; White, $1 65;
Egyptian,, $1 45@1 50 tor White and $1 40®
1.45 for Brown. " - -'.¦¦¦¦'¦
RYE— $1 17%@1 25 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $2 26©2 60 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ Bid.'Ask.l ' •"• •• Bid Ask
4s qr coup... 100 110 Us q c (new)134 K-,
4s qr reg.... 100 110 |.3s qr^coupT: - imv,
¦ / . MISCELLANEOUS/ ;' .*\
Ala A W 5s. — — ' Do coniis "— ! 10 1 :
Z a Z £ P f£t. ~ - 105^ OWC*. 5s. — lOO
C C G & E5s — — Oceanic SC5»*— 83 .
Cal G & E g . .. Om cTlt 6» — 128
.¦ m & ct 6s — 100 Pac Gimp 4a 95 100
Cal-st C 5s. — — P E Ry 5s 10ti«10rtT'
CCWat6s.l01 103 P'leK-^"
Ed L& P 6s. — — P & O R tis *™
;F Cl R^Cs.116% — Powell-st 6s.llOVi —
Geary-BtR 5s 40 60 g E GAR 5s. lfW-v
: h c&s 5%..io2% - sf & G fjv^:ii9^i^r:
L 1 Ry C 5i S> li2% - (1909) * * • -WTOIOSK
1* AL Co tis — — ' <1010) ••-108% —
£2 ftrt Ba'l06 — «9O6)Sr A.103% —
LA^P fem <1905)Sr B. -*105 W
Mkt-st C 68.122 — {lEioJ Yyiv ¦
Do lcra 5s.ll7^ — „ <J " 2 > • V-HIJ* ~
¦M T» Vif P tis 106% B P C ICg 68.120% — •
vT&VofO fa' -- 120 «mpd.lO7% —
r- Rv 5s — 114$ S v w *t 6S.107U103
I? r P^5s — 100$ »o 4s 2dm. — —
X k T H fiVllO — " Stkn °* E •" »7%102
O T to.- "• - 122^ U G & E 5S.105 107
Do 5s .... — m
WATER STOCKS.
..... ro«ta — CO I Port Costa.. 64 66 Vi
Marin C?A 80% - I Spring Val.. 83% 84
Mann w GAg and ELECTRJC
r-»nt L & P — 5 s * c E G&B - M —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F ' IJf BURANCK,
Firem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Niitl Bit 125 — Lon P & A.163 —
g a aDiT.:i42V41W S-r Nation!. - -
First nl - vl - Gg l BANKS .
Oer S & L.. — 22'«5 J Sav & L So. 02% —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
MuU-al Sav! 05 — Union T Co- 2i50 . . -
S F SaV U..6U0 750
; r STREET R.AILROADS.
California . .200 (Presidio .... 35 45
Geary — 60 J ...
POWDER.! -
Giant, 6S 70 /Vigorit 6 . 6%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. ¦— 10c Kllauea SC* G'.i
Hawaiian C. 44 46 Makaweli C. — 24 >
Honokaa 8 C 11 13 - Onomea S C. 23 24 ¦
Hutch S P C 13 — Paauhau S C 14 15
/-.,«. MISCELLANEOUS..
Alaska Pack.142%145 Oceanic S Co 7 —
CiU Frwlt As — J<>V; Pao A FA. 2% —
Cal Wine As — • 07% Pao C Borx.lBC —
Morning Session.
Board— .
25O Hana Plantation Co 10
¦ 40 Oceanic S S. Co 7 25
$5000 Contra Costa Watet; bonds ...,.103 00
\ Afternoon Session.
' Board — .. ' ¦: V-'V •" '
750 Hana Plantation. Co ............ 10
¦¦ 10 Hutehlnson " S P Co - ..:,:. .... . . 13 00
'" 30 Oceanic S S Co' ,;.....:... 'TOO
• 40 Trustees* Cert (S F G A E)... 65 00
Stock and Bond Exchange.
' MONDATJ.* Aug. 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .¦
Stiver and Sterling Exchange are both lower
Domestic Exchange is as before quoted
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 b-iii.
Sterling Exchange, sight ......__ 4 »6
Sterling Exchange, cables ..... 457
New York Exchange, sight...;.. 71/
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ] 0
Sliver, per ounce — 5 _jV/
Mexican Dollars, nominal 42
Exchange and Bullion.
The ohlyMhlng new In local securities was
a further shrinkage In Hana Plantation to
10c. Business was -extremely dull. The oil
stocks were neglected in the morning, : but
sold rather better in the afternoon.
Ex-dlvldend. yesterday: Giant Consolidated
Powder Company, regular monthly, 60c- per
share, amounting to $10,000. California Wine
Association,, regular, monthly, -60c per .share
amounting to $26,023 20 r -¦ . - "¦ -
a a = ¦ * B-r-'<
-¦* Ha »2. -;* sr «•
-= -c a-" £g ¦-¦= is
STATIONS. |2i 3 |i V MT
£ 5 I? : : :
Cloverdale 83 49 .... deer
Coiuea !»« f,9 .... Clear
I'ureka 50 4s .... Cloudy W Lt
Fresno 0 1«2 70 Clear W 6
Hanford 100 Ti7 Clear .... ..
Hoilistet/ 72 47 Lt Fog W
IndepenSence .. :>2 «S Clear SE
King City .... K2 W> Clear N Lt.
LJvermore . KJ f.0 Clear
lx»s Angeles . . 82 6'» .... Clear W 10
Napa 73 £0 Clear S
Newman lf"2 P7 Clear
Palermo 83 66 .... Clpar S
Portervilie ....103 O Clear W
Red Bluff 92 CS .... Cltar SE Lt.
Sacramento ... SO 54 .... Clear S 14
Fan Diego .... 72 C4 Clear W S
Ean Francisco. «X) 4<s Pt Cldy SW 18
S. L. Obispo. . 74 6« near W Lt.
Santa Iiosa . . 72 49 Clear
Ftockton ...... M Cl Clear
Willows S3 Cl Clear BE Lt.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Peach drying commenced in river
orchards.
Coluea — Estimated prunes trill be about half
crop, large elre. *
Hollister — Hops doing well; prospects are
good for a large crop.
Palermo — Fir crop is looking well.
Cloverdale — Foggy tnornings; Sweet water and
iluf.catel grepes ripe.
Hsnford— Hay and grain being shipped; cf
finest quality Potatoes ecarce.
Stockton — Grap* crop Is not up to expecta
tions as to Quantity; quality good.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions same.
L4vermor» — Warm weather ripening bops
rapidly at Pleasanton.
Napa — Apples and pears good crop.
A. G. McADIE. 8ection Director.
SEATTLE. Aug. 10. — Clearings, $6"1 01*>
balances. $117,210. . , '
TACOMA. Aug. 10.— Clearings, $352 234
balances. $.14,322.
PORTLAND. Aug. 10.— Clearings, $785 OSS
balance?. ?.VS.914.
SPOKANE. Aug. 10. — Clearings, $420 558
balances, $35,452. "
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Wash.." Aug. 10.— Wheat— Un«
changed. Bluestem. SOc; Club, 68c.
POHTLAND, Or.. Aug. 10.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 7OS7Sc; Blufstem. 79«Slc; Valley, 80c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
FIGS— $1 P«r box. ¦
PLUMS— 60®75c per crate and . 40@50o per
box; large open boxes, 60@75c; to canners, |20
@25 t>er ton. ' ¦
NECTARINES — Nominal.
APRICOTS — $0&50c for smal boxes and 50®
75c for large; In bulk.' $10@20 per ton.
PEACHES— 25@50c for small boxes and 35@
65c for large; baskets from the river, 2O#4Oc.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, 75c©$l for small
crates and $1@1 75 for large crates from Win
ters and the river; Nutmeg Melons. 35@50c per
box or crate; Watermelons, $5@18 per hundred.
GRAPES — Fontainebleau, 35@COc per box or
crate; Seedlers, 00c@*l per box or crate; other
varieties. 50cP$l per box or crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 60ft
2 60 per box: Seedlings, $10125; Valenclas.
Si 50«3: Bt. Michaels. $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 25<fipl 50; Lemons, 80c®»2 50; Grape
Fruit $1@1 -"•: Mexican Limes, • $4@t 50; Ba
nanas *1 50@2 BO per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c#$l 60 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
(1 60@2 50 per dozen.
With ths exception of Figs and choice Plums
all descriptions under this head were In ample
supply and there was not much change In
prices. The situation In Bartlett Pears
showed some improvement. The river boats
continued to bring large shipments of contract
supplies, consigned direct to canners, but sup
plies In the open market, while plentiful, were
less liberal and choice lota in bulk continued
to command good prices. . No. 2 stock moved
off more freely, owing . to the shortage oX
higher grade offerings, and the wharves were
pretty well cleaned up. Choice Pears in wrap
pers from Martinez and highly colored • Four
tier Gravennteln Apples were . in fair request
for ubisment and readily commanded the top
limitation. Good Plums, too, were wanted for
chipping, and desirable lots found quick sale
at full figures. Peaches Rnd Apricots were in
free supply and unchanged. Only a few small
boxes of Figs came In and they were quickly
disposed of. The cool, cloudy weather checked
trade in Melons, and as supplies were large,
prices ranged lower. Cantaloupes and Nut
meg Melons arrived freely from the river and
the /carry-over from Saturday was 1 large.
There were eighteen cars of Watermelons on
the railroad track and It was rumored that
the' Growers' Association would, shortly com
mence to cut' prices." Grapes 'wers dull, even
the very best offerings being hard 'to dlspos;
of. Berries stood about as previously quoted,"
the demand and supply about balancing;- . :,
A car of choice and fancy Valencia Oranges
v.as on sale and cleaned up well at $2@3 per
box. Otherwise there was nothing new to re
port In Citrus or Tropical fruits.'
STRAW BERRIES — Longworths. nominal;
other varieties, ?3®5 per chest. "
RASPBKKKIES — f5@7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— 12 5OSI4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 6®Sc per lb.
APPLES— 85ct«$l per box for fancy, C0@75c
for good to choice and 35(5 50c ' for common;
Crabapples, 30@50c for small boxes and 50<g-65c
PEARS — Bartletts. 85c@$l 10 for wrapped;
large open boxes. $1@1 25 for No. 1 and 25<}j»
60c for No. 2; to canners. $15035 per ton;
Dearborn Seedlings, 40@5Oc for large open
boxes. ' ' ¦ '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. - Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 OOfjtilia 02 04
Alt* 05 0« Justice 13 15
Andes 19 20 Kentuck 0.1 04
Belcher 35 :« Mexican 1 20 t 25
Best & Belch. 2 00 2 05 Occidental ... 35 37
Bullion .. 04 OSOphir 170 175
Caledonia v -4 25 1 SSOverman .... 24 25
Challenge ...' 33 40, Potosi IS , 2«>
Chollar IS lOSavago 1SV *>
Confidence ...1 20 1 25 Scorpion .... ©4 05
Con Cal & V.I 35 1 40 Seg Belcher. . 13 14
Con Imperial. 04 05 Sierra Ner... 64 65
Con NY 14 1« Silver Hill... 78 8O
Crown Point.. 18 20 St Louis .... IS 23
Eureka Con.. — 43 Syndicate ... — 06
Exchequer ... 04 05 Union Con... 85 Srt
Gould & Cur. 38 33 Utah 31 3^
Hale & Norc. 49 50 Yel Jacket.... 65 60
Lady Wash .- — OS .
TONOPAH MINES.
BM.Ask. Bld.Astc.
Colehan IS — Rescue 11 12
Esperanza ... 04 05 Ton Belmont.l 85 2 flo
Euta Con ... 25 — Ton & Cal... 37 30
¦Glp«y Queen. . 27 is Ton Fraction. — 75
Gold Mt Con.. — 20' Ton Grt W«st — 07
Hannapah Mt. — 25 1 Ton of Nev.. 9 50 8 CO
MacXamara . 20 26 Ton N Star.. 49 51
Mont Ton ...1 05 — Ton Midway. 42 49
N Y Ton.... — OS; Ton Union ,. 40 —
Paymaster ... — 2Q_Utopla — OS
MONDAY. Aug. 10— 4 B.,.in.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were" the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 1 S0U0O Sierra Nevada. 70
100 Mexican 1 25i6C0 Utah 33
10O Ophir 1 75|
, -V Afternoon Session.
; roo Ajta O7f30O Mexican 1 2O
* loo Andes I:!.:... lfe Ophir 1 70
COO Challenge Con. 41(200 Seg Belcher... 14
300 Con Cal & Va.l 40i:)00 Sl'.ver Hill.... T»
300 Con New York 16; 200 Union Con.... »
300 Gould & Cur.. 40[400 Utah 32
100 Hale & Norc 50j
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes ...... 20 1300 ro;oH ...... 2<>
200 Chollar 20 300 Sierra Nev. . iO
r>00 Con N York. 16 200 Sierra Ne*.. 71
2OO Con N York. 17 2OO Union Con... to
100 Mexican :...l 3O 200 Utah 33
100 Ophir ...... .1 75 200 Yellow Jack. 03
' 300 Overman . . . ' 25
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes ...... 20 600 Ophir .1 TO
200 Chal Con 41 200 Potoal 19
20O C C & Va...l 42% 30O Sierra Nev.. 67 ,
300 Con N York. 15 20O Union Con.. 88
200 Gould & Cur 40 300 Utah ....... 31
300" Mexican 1 20
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the) Baa.
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchanse yes
terday: -¦*
Morning Session.
1C0O Esperanza ... 05 500 Ton N Star.. 51
100 Mont Ton..l 07!-i 500 Ton N Star.. 60
100 Ton of Cal... 38 50 Ton of Nev..." 23
100 Ton N-Star.. 62 150 Ton of Ner... 7 00
. •* Afternoon ' Session.
400 MacXamara . 20 ICO Mont Ton..l 07«i
600 Montana. Ton. 105 3'X> Tono N Star. 50
224 Mont Ton..l 02% ICO Rescue ....... X2
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 10.— WOOL— Easy; medium
ffradeg. combiner and 'cloth, I65J2H3C; light
fine, ICiJllSc; heavy fine, HW15c; tub-washed.
2Qi&29%c. . v.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Flour, qr sks. ...22.829, Wool, bales.../. J. 147
Wheat, ctls 'S.MROiHay. Urns. ..-....• 1 *S5
Barley, ctls...;. 9.12l>;Feed, sks...... l'ooo
Oats, ctls 3,«0jTallow, ctls..... 230
Corn, ctls ¦¦ 135|Pelts, No 415
Rye, ctls 5W| Hides,- No.. 640
Beans, sks 116, Quicksilver, fiks.' - 76
Potatoes, eks... 9,600; Leather, rolls... 21,
Shorts, eks 460iWlne, gals 63 3t*\
Onions, sks 300; Lime. bbls...... 'jjgi/
Bran, sks "1.S1 5 Chicory, bbls..; ss<
Middlings, sks.. 1.39H
AVqfcST 10.
FOR MONDAY.
Receipts of Produce.
I Fit the twenty-four hours ending 5 pm.
I-'th meridian time. San Francisco* Aug. 10:
frmf and Wheat Bulletin.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, August 8, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, was as fol
lows : /
Wheat 13,099.000 bushels, decrease 316.000
bushels; corn 6,758,000 bushels, decrease 233.
000 bushels; oats 3,60.1,000 bushels, . decrease
179CKW bushels; rye 678,000 bushels; decrease
71,000 bushels; barley 400,000 bushels, increase
62,000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
The proportion of the oat crop last year still
In the hands of farmers is estimated at 7.4
per cent, as compared with 4.2 per cent of
the crop of 1901 In farmers' hands one year
ago and 5.0 per cent of the crop of 1900 in
farmers' hands two years ago, and an eight
v«?ar averase of 7.4 ner cent. ¦ ,
The averace condition of " barley ' on ~ August
1 was 83.4, against m;.s one month ago, 90.2
on August 1, 1902, 86.1* at the corresponding
date In lvtOl. and a ten-year average of 85.3.
The acreage of buckwheat is less than that of
last year by about 500 acres, or .01 per cent.
The condition of buckwheat on August 1 was
iCJ, as compared with 91.4 on August 1, 1002,
Iil.l at the corresponding date in 1901, and a
ten-year avera«ce of S9.8.
The average condition of flax on August ¦ 1
was 80.3. as compared with 86.2 one . month
ago. The averace condition of tobacco on
August 1 was 82.5. as compared with 85.1 a
month ago.
The average condition of potatoes was 81.2
on August 1, as compared with 88.1 one
month ago and 04.7 on August 1, 1902.
Preliminary returns indicate an increase of
.03 per cent in the hay acreage.
The average condition of the oat crop on
August 1 was 79.5; as compared -with. 84.3
one month ago. «9.4 on August 1, 1U02, 73.6
on August 1, 1901, and a ten-year average
of K2.0. / '
The average condition of spring- wheat on
August 1 was 77.1. as compared with 82.5
last month, fc9.7 in Ausfust, 1902. £3 on Au
gust 1, 1901. and a ten-year average of 82.
The condition in the State of Washington
of spring wheat Is 74 for August 1, 1003, 82.5
on July 1. 1903, 03 -on Augtist 1 .last year..
iK> on August 1, 1901, and a ten-year average
of 91. • - . •' r* ris ::.:. , .
XEW YORK. Aug. 10.— The cotton market
opened steady net 2 .point* higher to 2 points
lower and closed steadv mt 4 to 6 points higher
on the new. crop and net 24 points higher on
August. . ¦ ,
New- York Cotton Market.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c; dairy, 22%@
23c; store Butter. 17@20c; Eastern, 22@22}ic. '
CHEESE— New, 12®t2%c; Toung. America,
13%(6l4%c; Eastern, 10%@I6c; Western, 14^
15c per lb. !.-•¦• - ." ,
EGGS — Ranch, 27%©2Sc for large white se
lected and 25® 27c for good to choice; store, 18
@24c; Eastern, 18®21c per dozen. . - - . >.
There was less steadiness to Butter yester
day, and stocks were more liberal, with deal
ers disposed to meet buyers. Quotations, how
ever, remained as before.
The supply of' Cheese, here continues large
and the market is dull and easy at previous
prices.
Kggs have shown no change for some days,
the demand ab<ipt -balancing the supply. • -Most
dealers have ajl-they want to "carry. ¦ ..*-'..»¦;
• Receipts w«-re :{J>.S)OO lbs Butter,' C70 cases
Egss and 4800 lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, Aug. 10.— Spot, tin declined
£1 to £1.1$- 10b in London to-day and futures
dropped 17s 6d to £123 "s 64. Locally, tin was
about 40 points lower at ?2S 7u«$S9 12%. ;
, Copper was 5s lower In London, closing at
£57 tor spot and at £55 5s for futures.. Lo
cally, copper wan nominally unchanged, with
lake quoted at |18$13 12%, electrolytic at $13
and castinc at $12 75. \
Lead was Is .'Jd higher in London at £11 Is
3d. but unchanged here at $4 20.
Spelter closed in London at 520 2s Cd and
in New York at $5t7.">ti5 87%. .
' Iron closed at . r .2s In Glasgow and at 54s
4%d in Middlesboro. Locally, iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is. quoted at $17 50®
18;: No. 2 do, $16 50#17; Xo. 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. 1 do soft, ?16 75'gl7. Warrants
nominal. . " ¦ • . .
Nezv York Metal Market.
A par of Western Poultry was on sale and
cleaned up well at steady prices.. Another
ear is close nt hand and will be' "marketed
to-day or to-morrow. Prices of domestic stock
were largely nominal, he receipts were Insig
nificant an<l the demand light, as is usual on
Monday. Game arrived freely and good qual
ity offerings cleaned up well.
P0UI.TKY — Live '.Turkeys, -nominal;- Geese,
per pair, $1 25@1 60; Coalings. $1 25(81 50:
Ducks,' $:;@-l per dozen, for old and $3 f-O-a-t 50
for young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters. *tj®S;
old Roosters. $4 50®5: Fryers, S4@4 50;
ers, $3 50^4 for Barge and $2 604f3 for small:
Pigeons, 21 50 per .dozen for old and $1 50® 1 75
for Squabs.
¦ GAME — "Rabbits. $1 2501 75 per dozen; Hare,
51 25@1 50; Wild Doves. $1 per dozen.
Poultry and GatQe.
c EL c ' ' c (?
; »q v< m : n s
1 . s m s -g- Ua
P
) STATES. - - w S ~ - w ,
« S 2 3 ¦
• ¦ : '. • ¦ n
_:._ J !_
Illinois 74.o' 7S.o| 05.0! 61.0 87.0
Iowa........ 72.0 74.0 i. 93.01 67.0 86.0
Nebraska 75.0 75.0fl0l.0i 4«.O 79.0
Kansas -67.0 73.0jl03.0j. 19.0 77.0
Missouri 71.0 74.0 100. Oi 2».O 87.0
Texas 95.0 88.0 3S.D - 48.0 74.0
Indiana 75.0 76.0 S»7.0 07.0 00.0
Georgia 88.0 .f5.0 70.0 S1.0 89.0
Tennessee 83.0/86.0 78.0 17.0 H7.0
Kentucky 59.0] S2JI S6.O1 53.0 87.0
Ohio 73. 0| 79.0 91.0 73.0 88.0
Alabama 1M5.0 92.0 52. 0| 77.0 84.0
North Carolina 83.0 82.0 87. 0| 74.0 01.0
Arkansas 80-0 77.0 91. OJ 37.0 81.0
Mississippi ....... 92.0 04.0 55. 0( 06.0 79.0
Virginia 85.0 84.0 63.0 07.0 *9.0
South Carolina 78.0 7'J.O 82.0 tiU.O 85.0
Bouth Dakota 89.0 .87.0 SS.O 65.0 81.0
Oklahoma .- 71.0 S5.0 00. OJ 25.0 «6.0
Pennsylvania 80.0 S4.0 92.01 92. 0| 69.0
United States 78.7 79.4 SG.5| 54.0) 84.4
Preliminary returns indicate a winter, crop
of about 410,000,000 bushels, or an average
of 12.4 bushels per acre, as compared with
13.8 buEhels last year. ¦
The following table shows the estimated
average yield oer acre In the twelve principal
winter wheat States in 1903 and 1902.
STATES. 1903. 1902.
Kansas 14.0, 8,7
Missouri -¦. ... S:i 18;2
California 12.8: ,15.0;
Indiana ,. 10.0. 15.0
Nebraska. 10.4 J 22.0..
Ohio., : 13.7 1U.0-.
Illinois < S.4 16.0
Pennsylvania - 15.(! j 15.0.
Oklahoma 14. « ... ll.<>,
Texas •• l: }-± 9 ,-°.
Tennessee ;.... 7.1- 6.6
Michigan ...* 15.5. 17.4
United States 12,4 j 1& S
HAGS— Grain Bag*, 5®6%o: . San Quentin.
5.5.V; Wool Bags. &2@35c; FJeece Twine, 7%0
Sc; -Cotton Fruit Bags, 6! t c, G%c and 7}i c for
the three.. grades. -• >.< - - -* .:>.•
COAL—Wellingtoni *8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $8 50;
Beaver - Hill,- $5 CO;:. Stanford. • 17; Roslyn.
$7: Coos Bay, $5 50: i Oreta,-, ~*7; Wallsend,
(7 50;, Richmond. - $7 JJOi - Cumberland. $13
in bulk.- and .$14 25 In sack*; Welsh.' An
thracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel,
$8 50 per.tjjoi Cqke.lll 50S13 p.e.r ton In hulk
and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$3 45 per 2C00 lbs and iH 50 per ton. accordios
to brand. j,." - ' . .. . . .'. .. .
' OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' A A. 11 1001 12; Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 3flc for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra.: winter strained,, barrels,' 9dc; cases, 93c:
China Nut. 57% G62c per gallon; pure N'eats
foot,-In barrels. 75c; cases. SOc; SpernV pure,
70c:-. Whale Oil., natural white, 60035c, per gal
i Ion; Fish Oil. in barrels 45c;' cases. 60c; Co
; coanut Oil in. barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65o
for Australian. , .. •; ..-..-..
COAL OIL— Water. White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl OU in cases, 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c: Elaine. 2«%c;
1 Eocene 23%c; deoderized Stove Gasoline, in
! bulk. 17c; in cases, 23%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c: 86-degre« Gasoline. In
: bulk 21c; In cases, 27%c. . .- ¦ : •
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon in cases and
67c In drums and Iron barrels,- -.- ii ¦ ¦. -
: RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6®
C%c per lb; White Lead. 6®6%c, according to
quantity. ' ;. •- >:,. • ..
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlnir Com
pany Quotes as follows, per lb; in 100-lb bags:
j Cubes, A Crushed and ! Fine . Cru&hed, 5.75c;
6.6t>?; Candy Granulated. 6.60c; Dry
l Granulated.' fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c; Beet Granulat
! ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A,
i 6.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C, 5c; Golden
C. 4.90oi,"D." -4.80c: barrels. 10c njore; half
barrels, 20c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels,
6c; boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
CHICAGO, Au»?. - 10.— OATTLE— Receipts,
2S.000; Western. *tea<iy to 10c lowsr: good to
prime steers, $5®5 45; poor to medium, JO®
4 SO; stockerg and feeders. $2 PO^M 25; cows.
$1 50@4 50; heifer?, $2©4 S5; canners. ?1 50®
2 70; bulls, $204 20: calves, ?2 50(g« 75; Texas
fed steers, S3 I'5?f4 50; Western steers, S3 50®
4':i7%. .'•
HOGS — Receipts to-day, . 30,000; to-morrow,
27,000; left over, 4000; strong to- 5c higher,
closed easier; mixed and butchers, $5 10®5 70;
good to choice heavy. ?5 50® 5 70; rough heavy,
$5 10@5 40; light, $5»40@5 SO; bulk of sales.
?5 30@5 CO. 4
'SHEEP— Receipts. 25.000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, S-l 40@3 g5;
fair to choice mixed. $2 50@3 25; Western
sheep, $2 75iJ?3 75; native lambs, $3 25@0;
Western lambs, $4 50@4 65.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
a BSD 2 Si
3 Iff SB ,-| H §
STATIONS. J •§ *g |§ |- £
•eel - §
: 3 3 : : :
Eaker 29. S2 84 54 NW Clear iw
Careen 25*. SO f>6 54 W Clear .00
Eureka. 29.96 56 4S W Cloudy .(0
Kresno 29.76 106 70 W Oar .00
Flagstaff 29.K6 80 62 N Rain -IS
Independence .2».72 f>2 «>8 SE Clear .00
Lo« Angeles. .. 29. 9t» 82 60 W Clear .00
Mt TamaJpals.29.S0 70 60 SW Clear .00
¦North Head '.. C2 ...
Fhoenlx ».78 96 72 W Clear .00
Pocatello 23.74 00 54 W Clear .00
Portland 29. SS ' 82 62 MV Clear ,.00
Point Reyes... 28. KS 54 48 6E Cloudy .00
P^d Bluff 29.64 S2 C8 BE Clear .00
Iloe*burg 29. M M 60 XE Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.80 R» 64 S Clear .00
Salt L*ke 29.72 »0 64 N Clear .00
Fan Francisco. 29. B2 60 48 SW Pt.ClfJy .00
8an L. Obiepo.29.Jt4 74 50 W Clear .00
Fan Diego 23.34 72 64 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.99 78 C2 NW Clear .00
Fpokan* 23.78 SS 66 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh .." 23.98 56 60 SW Cloudy .00
WaJla Walla. .29.78 »0 CO S Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.76 »2 66 NW Clear .00
Vuraa 23.74 100 62 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There ha* beifn a client rise in pressure
along the co&Ft of Southern California. No
rams have fallen !n California, but winds ere
In general from the southwest and low lying
c!ouds are reported generally along the coast
north cf £an Francisco.
A Sonora storm overlies the country between
the Rio Grande and the Colorado. R&lnc con
tinue in Southern Utah. Northern Arizona and
Northwest Texas. Thunderstorms are reported
• •t Modcr-a. Flagstaff and El Paso.
Coder weather prevails in the Sacramento
alley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
lioure ending midr.ipht, August 11:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
>-i Tuesday, possibly light Fhowcrs along the
northern coast; light southerty winds. '
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday: ehow-
Mti in the mour.tBins; light southerly wind
Nevada— Fair Tu*5day, except showers in
hnRziciu portion, cooler.
San Francisco an<! vicinity — Cloudy Tuesdav
'^sh SOStbVest winds.
. ALEXANDKH G. McADIE,
District Foiecaster.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec
Opening 6 5>i 6 4% 6 6W
Closing « 5'i 6 4% 6 5%
PARIS.
• Wheat — Aur. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ." 22 B5 21 85
Closing 22 45 21 70
Flour —
Opening .^ SO 75 ' 29 55
Closing ..'. 30 10 20 85
Foreign Futures.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • Mining — ;
Call loans ..,.....3@4 Adventure ; 6%
TJme loans .'..'..4%@0 Alloues 4%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 39%
Ai'h*i'n 4s ...... 97 Daly West .88
Mexican Cen 4i.. 70 Blngham 21%
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.430
Atchlson ..'..".... 66 Centennial ....;... 14%
Do pfd bOUiCcpi-er Range . . 40J a
Adams Con 14 Little Chief ...... • 08
Alice 17 Ontario .... 6 60
Breece lSjOphir 1 65
Brunswick Con ...03% Phoenix- 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 1 05 Potosi ...'. i«
Cot C & Va......l 40 Sierra Nevada ... 64
Horn Silver .1 00 Email Hopes ..... 20
Iron Silver .......1 60 Sundard .... ....3 00
Leadrtlle Con 02 ,
Do 1st in* ... 48 Southern Pac 4s.. 84
Ches & Ohio 4%s..K)2% Southern Ry 8s..lI2tf
Chi & Alton 3%s. 70 Tex & Pac lsts. 114
C B & Q n 4b 87% To| St L & W 4s 70%
C M A. S P g 4s.lO6% Union Pac 4s ... »9%
Chi A N W c 7s.l2» Do conv 4s ... 01%
C R I & P 4s... 100 Wabash lsts ....114Ti
C C C & S L R 4s. 06 Do 2ds 103
Chicago Term 4«. 71% Do Deb B .... 53 «
Colo & 80 4s .... 85 West Shore 4s ...107
D & It G 4s 97% Wheel & L E 4s. 86
.Erie prior Hen 4s. 96Vi WIs Cent 4s .... 87%
Do gen 4n .... 81 Con Tobacco B5
Ft W & D C lsts.104% Colo Fuel tt. I.. 77
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4%tManhatUn ... 77
Rock Island 73% U S Steel 100ft
Pennsylvania .... 94 j
NEW YpRK MINING STOCKS.
U S ref 2s reg.106% L N Unl 4s.. 08%
Do coup 1WH Mex Cent 4s .... 71
Do 3s reg 106% Do 1st lnc .... 15
Do coup 106% Minn & Ft L 4s. 97%
Do oUJ 4s reg.. 134 M K & T 4s 05%
no coup 134 Do 2ds 73%
Do old 4s reg.. 109 N Y Cent g 3%s. 85
Do coup 109 N J Cent g 6s. .126%
Do 5s reg .....101% Northern Pac 4s. 99%
'Do coup 101% Do 3s 71
Atch gen 4s »8% Nor & West c 4s. 96
Do adjt 4s 87 Reading Gen 4s.. 94
Balto & Ohio 4s..l00% St L & I M c 5s.llO
Do 8%s »1% St L & 8.K 4s... Oft%
Do Conv 4s ...100% St L 8 W lsts... 91%
Canada So 2ds ..IOC Do 2ds %. 64
Cent of Ga 5s ..107% S A & A P 4s... 72
Total sales 756.200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 10. — United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 2000 - at
175 ZTA: 5000 at $75.
NEW YORK BONDS. -
selling en the closing out of collateral, and
there were indications of Investment buying
and of buying on a large scale by influential
capitalists. There was said to be an important
investment demand for foreign account. This
was a factor in the further . weakening of the
exchange market, which renewed talk of pos
•ible gold Imports. Fears of an unfavorable
Government crop report to be published after
the closing was an influence in weakening
Missouri Pacific and Atchison. The success
which attended the effort to check demorali
zation, following the similar success of last
Thursday, had an encouraging effect and there
was a more cheerful feeling at the clobe of the
day without an entire passing of nervousness
and apprehension.
Bonds were heavy. ¦ Total sales, par value,
$2,600,000.
I'mtt ii States old 4s and new 4s, registered,
declined % and the new 4s, coupon, % per
cent en call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Hlch. Low. Close.
Atchison tSl.UOO M% 64 56%
Atchison pfd 3.900 b5<, 84% h5%
Baltimore & Ohio . 2,1)00 79 77% 78^,
Bait & Ohio pfd... l.ttuo 85% M% *5%
Canadian Pacific .. 64,500 llili 123 1^4
Central of N J 154
Cher & Ohio 1,900 29 27% 2S%
Chicago & Alton.... «00 19% 19% 19^
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 61 61 61
Chicago & G W.. 1,600 14% 13% 14
Chi & G W B pfd 26%
Chicago & N W 1.900 15«% 155 156%
Chicago T & Trans. tKK) 9% 9 8
Chi T & T pfd 500 17% 17% 17%
C C C 4 St Louis. MX> 67» 4 66 00**
Colorado Southern . 2,400 11% 11 11%
Colo Su 1st pfd .. 3W 44% 44 45
Colo So 2d pid 500 IS 17% 18
Delaware &. Hud . . 5.4U0 153 149 152
Del, Lack & W 2o5
Denver A: K t; .. 400 23 2O 22
Denver & It G pfd. 700 73% 72 7:i'i
Erie 34.WO 24 T» 23 24%
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 04 62% «4
Erie 2d pfd 200 44 44 45
Great Northern pfd . . . .- .... 105
Hocking Valley 64%
Hocking Val pfd... l,7"O fco SO 79
Illinois Central 1.WJ 1^S* 4 127 127 J ,a
Iowa Central 200 1U 16 16
Iowa Central pfd 31-
Kansas C Southern 19
K&ns C So pfd bUO 34% 34% 34%
1 Louisville & Nash.. b;.M) 100 S»S>. 8 00%
Manhattan L H.200 130 127V* 12*?«
MttroiKjliian St Ry. lo.yoO 110=!* lttt 110
Miuneap A: S Loute. 21.2'>U M 4« 54
Missouri Pacific .... M.&OO KS'i K*>% S8
Mo, Kar.s & T 1,000 17 l -j lli% 17Vi
Mo, K. &. T pfd.. 2.400 'M'% Boi»i 'M%
National of Mx p'd 1,1U<> So :14V* 35
N Y Central ; 8.600 llS'i ll»i» 4 117%
Norfolk & Western. 4,4<X> 5:» « 4 MVs 59vi
Xor & \Ve*t jifd. .. Tie* *v>- +>5 J»5
Ontario & Western. «.700 'JO 1 - 1«% -*0*i
Pennsylvania 4ti,500 12«> J , ll'J'ra 120^
PiUsbuiT.CC St L. .,.„ ...'. 50'
Reading ;..«. 2S.7W -47Vi *5'-- 4*5%
Mending Jut pM... 200 79'i 79% "'-Hi
Reading 2d pfd 05 .
Rock Island Co.... 13,300 21 WVa' 20%
K Island Co pfd... 1,:JOO 57 3 i C»»S 57%
St L & S F let pfd. .'. 78
tl h & S F 2d pfd. WO 44'j 42^ 4.iU
St Louis S W 300 i:j's 12^ jaVi
. JH Louis S W pfd. 1.500 25% 24 2oS
St Paul 33,500 ViZ\ 13-{% 135%
.^t Paul pfU JOO 1US J.0S 16S
Southern Pacific .. 27,«X»O 41% aa$i 41%
Southern Railway. . 14,300 IS** 17V» lb%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.2UO 7yi* 7l>' 77 ».
Texas & Pad He .. ti,W0 121% 20 'i 21
Tol. St L & \V 100 IS 18' 1«J»4
T, St L & \V pfd.. • »i
Union Pacific 61,000 70 C7H t»W
Union Pacific pfd. 7oO 84 &iy. 84
Wabash 1,700 lfl«4 17% 1S«£
V. abash pfd 3,100 31^ 2y»£ 31
Wheel & Lake E... 100 l^Vj 13% 13%
Wis Central 900 lOVj 15Vi 15%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 400 35 7 B 35^ 35^4
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 200 171 171 171
United States 90
Wells Fargo 105
' Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 14,200 3OV4 37% 39^
Amer Car & F... 1,100 31 30 30ft
Amer C & F pfd.. 400 Sl" 8 Sly, S7t 4
Amer Lin Oil ... 400 9 8% 84i
Amer Lin Oil pfd ¦,
Amer Loco 1,900 17 15»4 17
Amer Loco pfd ... 200 SOVi 80% SlU
Amer Smelt & Ref. 4.C00 42^ 39>4 42
Amer J5 & R pfd.. 600 87^ 86»i m\b
Amer Sugar Ref... 14.C00 111U 10S% HOy.
Anaconda Min C6.. 600 «8i4 C«i4 68*
Brooklyn Rap Tran 11,900 40 ' 37% 3q%
Colo Fuel & Iron ¦ .... 41
Colum & Hock C. . 300 12*4 ll^i 12%
Consolidated Gas... 12,900 lfiS** 164 166H
General Electric ... 2,700 15lk 146V4 163'
International Papers 300 10^4 10^4 10
Inter Paper pfd... 300 65 . C4K 64
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pump pfd .- 74
National Biscuit -• 1,100 34t-i 33% Zi%
National Lead .... 13
North American .. 1,000 71% 70% 71>4
Pacific Mall 1,300 20 19^ 19 '
People's Gas 3,600 02 90^ 01%
Pressed Steel Car. 2,000 35% 33 25
Pressed Steel C pfd 1,000 79-78 78
Pullman Pal Car.. 200 208« 208>4 2o8
Republic Steel . . . 1.600 J0% 10 - 1OV4
Republic Steel pfd. 2.000 61 CO «0
Rubber Goods .... 1,200 14 12% 13U
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 65 65 C5
Tenn Coal & Iron. 4.91W 34% 32% 34W
U H Leather 3.100 7% 6% • 7
U 6 Leather pfd.. 4,100 77 74% 75Vi
V 8 Rubber 600 9 9 9Vi
tJ S Rubber pfd.. 500 34 33 34
U S Steel 37.000 21% 20% 21%
U S Steel pfd ... 20,900 68% -67 . 08%
Western Union ... 300 62 81% tH%
$3000 Pacific Electric Ry 6 106 75
Street—
$10.C00 S F & S J V bonds, cash 120 00
/
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 85
Four Oil "... 70
Hfcnford Oil #,.130 00
Home Oil 2 80 2 90
Imperial Oil 19 CO
Independence Oil 18' IT
Junction Oil 20 23
Kern Oil 6 25
Lion Oil 04 06
Monte Cristo Oil 90
Monarch Oil 63 68
Oil City Petroteum 30 ....
Peerless OH 14 00 ....
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San Joaquln Oil 6 75
Sterling Oil •: 3 00 8 10
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 00 4 60
Union Oil .... 63 00
United Petroleum 11* 00
West Shore OU 3 60
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp .... 125.
Alameda Sugar .... 29 00
American Bl3cuit 05 00 100 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00 ...-.
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder Si'il
Cal Shipping Co ..-. 30 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland ... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company 860
City and County Bank *± ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co ..... 800 ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation JL'iX
Ga 3 Consumers" .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 18 50
London 4 S F Bank (Ltd).. .... ....
Meercantile Trust •-••
Northern Cal Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad TOO
Orpheum Company -••••: ,L, 22
Pacific States Tel & Tel... .... 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ....
Postal Device & Imp .... ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 0O ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry... 16 0O
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric •-• 1« 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 ltt 00
Union Suitar 22 50
United Gas & Electric »4 BO ....
Western Flsb. Co . • • • • • • •
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board— . „
1000 Associated 25
S00O Occidental *»
20 Hanford 130 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Home 2 85
-300 Home * 2°,
200 Home, b 30 2 80
8050 Independence *J
300 Pittsburg *»
60Hana Sugar - flrt =0
WASHINGTON. Aug. 10.— The monthly re
port of the chief- of the bureau of statistics
of the Department of Agriculture will show
the condition of corn on August 1 to have
been 78.7 per cent, as compared with 79.4 on
July 1. 1903. 86.5 'on 'August' 1, 1902, 54 at
the corresponding date in 1901, and a ten-year
average of 84.4.
. The following table shows for ?¦ach of the
twenty principal corn States the condition on
August 1 of the last three years and that on
July 1. 1903. with the ten-year average:
Condition of the Corn Crop.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 10 — 5 p. ra.
Hogs are weak. Receipts are somewhat
larger and the ¦ local packers are not using
many at the moment. ' ,
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 607c for Steers and 5©6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7C8e; small, 909% c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©9c; Ewti, 8©8%c per
Spring. 0%©10%c per lb. -
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8t4@8%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good.- sound
Livestock, - delivered in Ban Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: - -
CATTLE— Steers. 8<?9c; Cows and Heifers,
708c; thin Cows. 405c per lb.
CALVES — 4@6%e per }b (gross weight). - •'.
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%03%c per lb
(gross weight).-' ¦ • -
LAMBa^Sprtn*. $2 7503 per head. ,
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 200 4bs. . «%c:
under 140 lbs, 5%S6c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, . 50 per cent off, and Stags, -40 per cent
off from above Quotations. . - •-
Meat Market.
POTATOES — New White. 75c©$l 35 per ctl
in sacks and $1 2501 50 in boxes, with soma
fancy higher: Early Rose,' 7£>c@$l; Garnet
Chiles. $1©1 15; Sweet Potatoes fror- the river,
2@2%c per lb. * ¦ '• '
ONIONS-^75@85c per ctl.
VEGETABLF.S— Green Corn. $l@l 50 per
pack; crates " from Alameda, $12502;. from
Brrkoley $1 25; Green Teas. 2%©).T.iq per lb;
String Beans 2@3c per lb: -Wax. 2ft:»c: 'Lima.
Beans. 2@3%c per lb; Tomatoes. SO^tiSc for
large boxes from the river; Summer Squash;
20(?t:{5c per box; Cabbago. 75c@$l per ctl; Car
rots. 75c@$l per sack ;. Cucumbers.. 35<§;30c per
box; Garlic. 2&3c. per lb; Green Peppers, 25$i
40c per box or sack for Chile and ."•5<£i50c for
Bell; Green Okra, 50@G5c per box; Egg Plant,
4O@G0c" per box. |
Receipts of Potatoes for forty-eight hours
were large, aggregating nearly 10,000 sacks.
Prices weakened under the increased receipts,
but trade continued active, the demand for
shipping and local use being steady. Two
cars of Salinas,, were received and sales were
reported at $1 r 60©l 75 per ctl. Sweet Pota
toes and choice Onions were steady at the
previously quoted rates.
Receipts of Tomatoes were somewhat light
land choice lots of fresh stock cleaned' up
promptly at firmer prices. Some poor and car
ried-over stock sold below the quotations. A
small consignment of bay Tomatoes came in
and sold at 65075c per boxi Choice offerings
of Green Corn continued to command good
prices, but common and inferior stock moved
slowly at easy figures. String, Wax and Lima
Beans were in free supply and easy. - Fresh
offerings of Peppers. Cucumbers and Egg Plant
were in fair request, but old stock was abund
ant and weak. ¦ - - . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Dealers quote previous prices for Beans,
with a steady market for most kinds, and a,
firm ton* in Pinks, which- are wanted for th«
Southwest. ii
BEANS— Bayos, $303 25; Pea, $3 25; But
ters $3 25; small White, $2 65©3 10; large
White ,$2 65®2 90; Pink, $2 85@3 10; Red,
$2 90@3; Lima, $3 2C@3 00; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye, $2 C5©2 90 per ctl; Hors»
Beans, $1 2501 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 7001 80; Canary,
505%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
1%@2%c; Timothy, 6®6%c: Hemp, 3%®3%o
per lb; Millet, 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®
23 ter ton. -
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Wall-street Stocks ratlter higher on the day.
Silver and Sterling Exchange somewhat lower.
Wheat and Barley cosy, with lozver futures. ¦
Oats steady. Corn and Rye still firm.
Hay weak under continued heavy receipts. Feedstuff s firm.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Butter easier again, with free ofhrihgs.
Cheese. plentiful and dull. Eggs steady..
Provisions as before quoted, here and elsewhere.
Hides declining in sympathy with the Eastern markets.
Hops rather higher, firm and active.
Hogs weak, with increasing receipts.
Poultry and Game cleaning up' well.
Potatoes lower under very heavy receipts.
Omons and Vegetables in ample supply.
Fresh Fruits in liberal receipt and not materially changed.
Local Stocks and Bonds still very dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Hides are very weak and the market con
tinues to decline in sympathy with the East
ern markets.
Local Hop handlers are quoting a firmer and
active market at little better quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 0c: Salted Veal. 0%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c
each; short wool, 40®50o each; medium, 70®
90c; long wool, $101 50 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2 2502 BO for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $101 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 26c: dry
Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium.
85c; small, 20c. . . . • ...._
I TALLOW— No. I rendered. 4%©4%c per lb:
No. 2. 4©4 %c: grease. 2% 03c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San - Joaquln Lambs*. 90
12c: Foothill. 10012c; Middle County. 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follow*: Hum
boldt and Mendodno. 18920c; Nevada. 13@15c;
Valley Oregon, tine. lS019c; do. medium, 179
18c: do. coarse. 16017c per lb. -
HOPS — 16018c to growers and 18020c from
dealers to brewers.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Boston & Albany. 245 Dominion Coal .. 83%
Boston & Maine. 16a Franklin 8}i
Boston Elevated.. 135 Isle Royale 6
N Y. N H & H.105 Mohawk 35Vi
Fltchburg pfd ..133 Old Dominion .^. 11%
Union Pacific .... C9% Osceola .. 40%
Mexican Central. 13',i Parrot" 17%
Miscellaneous — Quincy 90
American Sugar. .110% Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd 110 Tamarack 78
Amer T«"l & Tel. 128 Trimountaln ..... 19
Dom I & SteeJ... 8% Trinity 4%
General Electric.,150 United States ... 17U
Mass Electric 20% Utah 23%
United Fruit 05 Victoria 38?
U S Steel 21% Wlnona 6%
Do pfd 68% Wolverine 62
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... 91 IN T Central 122
Con* for acct ... 91 % Norfolk & West. 61
.Anaconda 3% Norfolk & W pfd 88
Atchlson 57 %i Ontario & West. 20%
Atchlson pfd .... 89 Pennsylvania .... 02
Bait & Ohio 80% Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Paclflc.126% Reading 24
Ches &¦ Ohio .... 20% I Reading 1st pfd.. 41
Chicago G W f '. .. 14%| Reading 2d P* d -- 33%
Chi, M & Et P.139 Southern Ry 19%
D«, Beers 19% Southern Ry pfd. 83
Denver -& R O.. 21% Southern Pacific. 42%
Den & KG pfd. 76 Union Pacific ... 71
Erie 24% Union Pao pfd.... 88
Erie 1st pfd 65% U S Steel 21%
Erie 2d rfd 47 US Steel pfd ... 70y 4
Illinois Central ..132 Wabash 19
LouUville & N...102% Wabash pfd .... 31
Mo; ' Kans & Tex. 17%
Bar silver, steady, 25%c per ounce. Money,
2@3 per cent. The rate of discount In the open
market for short bills is 2%@2 11-16 per cent,
and for three months' bills is 2 11-16@2% per
cent.
September closed a shade lower at £>2%@52>4c.
Oats were firm early, but free selling by
some of those houses which were selling corn
turned the market easy. ¦ The close was at
about Saturday's. closing, figures, September a
shade lower at 34 #c.
Although trading In provisions was quiet
prices ruled firm, due to a better tone in the
hog marked Locals . were the best buyers.
The close was firm, with September pork 10c
higher at , $13 42^6; September , lard was up
5c while ribs were 5@7V4c higher. ' V
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ¦ Open. High. , Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Sept. (old) 80%. 80% 80% 80%
Sept (new) 80% . 80%; 79% 80.-
Dec. (new) ..81% 8JJ4 # 80% 80%
May 83% 83^/1,82% 82%
SeSSnbervT.. 52% Kj% .52% 52Vi
December 52% 52% 62 32%
May ../ 52% 52% 52 62%
Sep^mbe?' .*77 l . S4% 34% 34% 34%
December. 35% S3% 35% 35%
May 37% 37% 37%, 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl — -. » .
September .....13 37% 13 42% 13 27% 13 42%
Lard, per 100 lb« —
September^ 8 02% 8 10 8 02% . 8 07%
October 7 SO 7 80 7 77% 7 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - f _' : ' " ¦
September ..... 7 92% 7-07% 7 92% 7 07%
October 7 75 7 82% 7 75 • 7 80
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
firmer; No. 2 spring wheat. 81@82c; No. 3. 77 j
©81c; No. 2 red. 78%@79%c; No. 2 corn. 51%c; !
No 2 yellow, 62%c; No. 2 oats. 35@35>4c; No.
2 white. 36c; Na » white, 33%@30c; No. 2 rye,
51%<S52c; good feeding barley. 47®53c; No. 1
flaxseed 94%c; No. 1 Northwestern. 98%c;
prime timothy seed. $3 40; mess pork, per bar
rel, $13 30&13 35; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 92%
@7 05; short ribs sides (loose), $7 SO&T 75; dry
6alted shoulders (boxed). $7 5OQ>7 62%; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 12%(S S 8 25; whisky, basid
of high wlnea, $129; clover, contract grade,
$12@12 50. -
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels. .1 17,800 V 11,100
Wheat, bushels 129,800 ~'10.700
Corn, bushels. 124,500 273.800
Oats, bushels..:-. 27(5,000 497,900
Rye, bushel*...*. 5,700 ....;..
Barley, bushels - 4,400 ....... .
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14@l9c; dairies,
13®17c. Eggs. • firm. 12%@14%c. Cheese,,
steady, 10@ll%c. ..,
Heavy offerings of Hay kept the market
weak, but prices showed no change. Feedstuffs
remained; as before quoted. ,f
BRAN— $24 5U©25 50 oer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27®30 D«r ton.
SHORTS— $24025 per ton.
PEEDSTHFFS- Rolled Barley. $23024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60;
Jobbing, $27027 60; Coooanut Cake, none Here;
Corn Meal, $33 60@34 60; Cracked Corn.-$34@
35; Mixed Feed. $23®24; Horse Beans, $30 per
t° n - ¦ . ~ \
HAT— Wheat, $11©13 60; Wheat and Oat.
$10©12; Oat. $6®12 50; Barley. $M"11 ; Clover.
$8 50@ll; Stock. $809; Alfalfa, $8 60©10 50
STRAW— 60060c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
18%c for ! extra ' jaxar-curedr - Eastern niM*
cured Hams. 15%c; California Hams, 15j4c:
Mess Beef. $11-60012 p«r bbl: extra Mess. $120
12 80; Family;: $13 50; prime Mesa Pork. $19;
extra clear. $25: Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12V4c: Pig Pork. $23; Pigs" Feet.- $5 25; Smoked
Beef. ISc per lb. ¦ • ?
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%o per lb for
compound and lOeiOUe for pur*; half barrels,
pure, 10%ei0%c; 10-lb tins, 10&911cf* Wb
tins. HKc:-'8-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%e; three
half barrels. 9^o; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8V4c; five tierces, 9%e per lb.
rlna. $4 80; Whola Wheat Flour. v 13 TBrRolled
Oats, bbls. |7@8 60; In sacks, $6 60®8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, 17: Green
Peas. (5 60 per 100 lbs. ' *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago was rather higher on ' thfe day, but
the : general situation was .'unchanged. ' There
was nothing new in this market; ;
' CURED MEATS — Bacon. • l2ttc . per lb . for
heavy. . 13c * for light- medium. ¦ 134 for. light.
lOHic for extra light. l"M>o for sugar-cured and
Provisions.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe fe
AUCTION SALE
TUESDAY, Aug. 11,
11 A. M., at
114O Folsom St M
Of WAGONS. STJRRETS. CAMPING Otrt-
FTTS. RUBBER TIRES and- CARTS, and
also 40 sets of SINGLE and DOUBLE HAR-
NESS and 25 bead of all PURPOSED HORSES.
£ft> ,£*$ Jt£$
Auction Sale 120 Horses
August 17, at xi a. m., at '
J. B. HORAN'S STOCKYARD,
. Cor. 10th and Bryant Sts.
By order of G. H. MKISS of Montague. Ca!..
X will sell- at public auction 12O brokaa and
unbroken horses; also a carload of fine year'
ling and two-year-old colts.
. S. -WATKiyS. Anctloneer.
AUCTION SALE of 40 good horses. Aread«
Horse Market. 327 Sixth St.. Wednesday. Au-
gust 12. at 11 a. m. Every borsa must b« aa *
represented or no sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Anctloneer.THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 11, 1SH>3.
12
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve, school only. 143 Stockton st., rm. 13.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hairdressing
and manicuring; paid while learning. Apply
at HALE BROS. 1
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477|
and 478. Parrott building. '
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
pay; steady position. 656 Mission St.. 3d floor.
GIRL for plain cooking and general housework.
1440 O'Farrell st.
TALENTED amateur . performera. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL to help to wait on table from 11 to 2.'
615 Valencia street. *
WANTED — Hairdresser and , manicure. Apply
at HALE BROS.'
COMPETENT nurs*ry maid; neat and willing;
some second work. Call 1441 East Sixteenth
St., near Frultvale ave.. Frultvale; carfare
allowed.
ITALIAN lady who can speak- English wanted
/to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller »t.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; »7 per week. 1071 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced lace saleswoman. Ap-
ply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1907
Lyon St.; good wages.
WANTED — Women to work In cannery. Apply
Webster St.. near McAllister.
WANTED — Lady as business agent: itout pre-
f erred; good salary. Box 4640, Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5V4 Kearny st.. room 17. top floor.
HELP WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff et.
Al SPECIAL.
STBAMSHIP SAILS TO-DAY.
STEAMSHIP SAILS TO-DAY.
Call early to-day, with blankets and baggage.
Call early to-day, with blankets and baggage.
TO ASTORIA— NEAR PORTLAND.
Astoria. Oregon, on Columbia River.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY.
20 laborers. $51 RO and found.
20 rockmen, $59 and found.
Company work — No strike — Fee $1. No dis-
count—Fee $1— Fare $3. Fare $3, Includ-
ing berth and meals. Better call early to-
day and go. Yes. you.
GOVERNMENT WORK
NEW CAMP NEW WORK NORTH
25 laborers and drillers f2 50 day
NO DISCOUNT Special rote of fare.
ARIZONA— FREE FARE
4 stonecutters, company work....$J 50 day
WILLITS ... NORTH ... UKIAH ROUTE
2A laborers and teamsters. $2 25 Jay..FEE $1
FREE FARE FREE FARE
BOSS— HERE TO-DAY
BUTTE CO.. CHICO, DIAMOND MATCH CO
FEE $1 Very cheap fare
50 Is borers 1 . 2-horse teamsters, muckers and
woodchoppers, $fi7 50; 50 4-horse teamsters
and rockmen, $75. Ship to-nlt'.it.
TUOLUMNE CO.. $1 50 fare, balance free.
20 laborers, mills and yards.
SISKIYOU CO.' ..Ship to-night.
BIG LUMBER CO— Al JOB
10 laborers, mill, $2 40 day; 10 lumber pliers,
$2 75 day; 10 boys, box factory, $1 75; screw
setters. >¦•'" 50 day; 10 crosscut sawyers, $52
and found.
NEW sash and door factory. .CHEAP FARE
8 young men learn trade, $1 50 to $2 25 day.
BIG TUNNEL, near city 8-hour shifts
10 muckers, $«7 50; li> tunnelmen, $S2 50.
MISCELLANEOUS
20 miners, all over. $2 25 to $3 day; 50 labor-
ers and muckers, $2 to $2 50 day; 10 laborers,
furnace, $2 25 day; 50 laborers, ctty and
country, $2 to $2 25 day; 15 farmers, all over,
$20 to $10 found; dishwasher, $10 found,
camp, ifree fare; cook, ranch, $20 found;
dishwasher, mine. $25 found; bell boy, $10
found; second ,cook, city. $50 found; 20
laborers, cheap fare, large sawmill, Hum-
boldt County. ?.""5 found; 50 woodchoppers and
shingle bolt cutters, Humboldt Qjunty.
Men, call and read our bulletin boards;
also get a free list of Jobs at Pacific Employ-
ment Agency, 620 Sacramento si., corner
Leldesdorff.
WANTED — Man and wife as care takers; man
to be familiar with gardening and general
work about country place; a good home for
the right party; must have best of references
as to character and habits. Answer, box
4«08, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
shoes. £:: 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
st.. Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Cavalry horses and riders to par-
ticipate In "Shenandoah" next week. Apply
ROBERT MORRIS, stage door California
Theater, 10 to 12 a. m. * ¦
YOUNG man experienced In figuring factory
cost as assistant bookkeeper. Address, in
own handwriting, giving city references, box
3314. Call office. . .
WANTED — A first-class coat and pants maker
at the Presidio Post Exchange; military
workers , preferred; flrst-claas wages and
free shop.
THY our men's shoe*, union made, at |1 pair;
foot-form shoes at 92 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.; Examiner bldg.
WANTED — A purchaser for a fine two-chair
barber shop; big bargain at once. Call or
address 1607 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
"BOY. 10 to IS years old, to learn grocery busi-
ness; wages $e week to begin; no bar. Ad-
dress t>ox 3318. Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco Construction Co.- • •. .
BOY or girl i to strip tobacco. Apply at 431
Montgomery st. M.' CLARK.
"WANTED — Good clothing man. Box 330:1, Call
office. -.-.¦-,-¦
WANTED — Good bootblack at the California
Hotel barber, shop.
MAN to do general work. Girls* "Directory,
Central ave. and Waller st.
TAILOR bushelman wanted. Aptfly ready for
work. S. N. WOOD & CO. . ; -. ,-.-;.•¦
WANTED— '¦A" lunchman; must be a good
carver.: 20 Stockton st. - . .
BUSHELMAN and presser . wanted. Golden
Eagle, 104 . Kearny . st. . • .
WANTED — Wagon boys. Apply between 0 and
11 a; m. at HALE BROS'.
PORTER wanted In oyster house. 460 Seventh
-st.," Oakland. > • ".-;
ERRAND; boy wanted. 110 Olive ave., bei.
"Ellis and O'Farrell sts., oft Polk. ,.
FIRST-CLASS ealoon porter wanted at 152
East st. : call early.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SMALL, refined family can get a sunny fur-
nished flat In a most desirable locality rent
free for owner's board. Box 4967, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED. '
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
WANTED — Second girl. San Jose. $30, see lady
office to-day; 3 second girls. San Rafael. $30.
$25. gee ladles to-day at office; chambermaid.
$30. private family hotel. $20; 3 chamber-
maids and assist waiting, city and country.
$20. $25; 3 second girls, city. $25; 2 wait-
resses, $9 week; maid, for old lady. $25. and
r>0 housegirls $20, $25 $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT &' CO.. 334" Sutter st. ,
WANTED — Cook, private boarding-house. $30;
cook for h»lp, hotel, $35; 2 German cooks,
¦ $35; 2 cooTls. $30; cook, restaurant. $10 a
week; luncb cook, $S'week; 2 housegirls.
country, $30; laundress, $30; laundress for
hotel. $25; laundress boys' school, $30. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
WANTED — A cook for boys' school, country,
see boss, office 2 o'clock to-day. $40; 3 first-
class nurses $25; also German and French
nurse. $25. Apply to J F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st. _^
A, NURSE, $25; waitress, $30; 6 cooks, $35
and $25; 2 second girls, $25; ranch cook, $25;
German nurseglrl, one child, 8 years old;
chambermaid, $20; woman for housework,
sleep home, $25: laundress. $30; housegirl,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — 10 WAITRESSES; new hotel; city; first-
class piace ." $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush.
6 WAITRESSES for flrft-class city hotel:
wages $30: 'no room; short hours. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
GIRLS ABOUT 18 YEARS. TO RIVET
OVERALLS.
STEADY WORK. PAID SALARY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32>$ FREMONT ST.
MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
¦ guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared. .
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jonos, room 94: positions secured
at' highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
PICK hops! Excursion to El Robles ranch
on Russian River fixed for August 18 only
. Instead of August 25. as previously adver-
tised; call Immediately for El Robles tick-
ets; excursions to Horstville and Perkins now
going daily f families and yougg people pre-
ferred; heavy crops; excellent pay: beautiful
camps; plenty amusements. E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St., S. F.; office
fop^n till 8:30 to-night. '
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK: GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILB LEARNING;
BTEADY EMPLOYMENT: EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES A HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fru!t
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
i ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'3
FACTORIES. 32*14 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING, CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
WANTED— Womon who has had experience in
taking care of children, to take charge of n
baby about a year old; this Is a Rood place
for Mjme one who appreciates a good home;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3:JI5, Call office^
¦WANTED — Operators on women's- and chil-
dren's hand-mr.de worsted skirts. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in care of
baby; references; wages 515 month. Apply
2200 Webster st. j
WANTED— Millinery apprentices. Apply Su-
i perlntendenfs office. TUB KMPOItlUM.
WANTED — Millinery makers. Apply Super-
Intendent's office. THE EMPORIUM.
Experienced bow-maker. Apply
' SuiMTlr.temient'a office. THE EMPORIUM.
EXPERIENCED hands on silk waists: steady
work and good pay. KonlKsteln. 28 First st.
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 50 Columbian building.
GIRLS wanted In bookblndery. C. CLUNDT,
632 Market gt.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
410 O'Farrell St., rear. -,
TAILOKESS wanted on fine custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 533 Natoma at.
COMPOSITOR— Apply this morning 10 o'clock,'
com p. rme. Rrteder & Sportsman_30Gear>.
GIRL for cooking and housework for 3 adults,
In flat. $20. 34J^Clay tt.
WANTED — Fitters stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main st.
MANGLE and Inexperienced hands at CAS-
CADE LAUNDRY. 175 Tenth «t.. city.
GIRi.. for general housework. 1053 Market st.,
upstairs. ' ¦¦ ' ¦•••-,.
WANTED — Four girls for candy store, during
I encampment week. r PARRY'S. 1304 Market.
WANTED — Reliable woman to l^ake charge or
rent small . rooming-house. ¦*! « Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS nn!sherN?n pants. 1223*& Bush
street. ' ; ~~- -
GIRL for bookkeeping and general office work.
E. S. KNOWLES. 24 Second St.
Driving glove makers and banders and sllkert.;
steady. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
PANTS finisher and operator: also girl with
some experience In operating. 245 Seventh at.
WANTED— 20 experienced cherry pitters.
. FLEISCHMANN & CO.. 503 Front St. .
GIRL, to address envelopes (after 1 p. m.). : M.
; J. KELLER CO.. 1028-1030 Market St., S. F.
JAPANESE girl for housework and care of ln-
fanty 2217 Webster at;
A— OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and ¦ coats; ¦ good pay; steady position.' * 656
Mission st.. 3d floor. ¦
EDUCATIONAL— -Contlnned.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years; 1412 Polk at., bet.
Pine and California; adult olass now open;
children's class will open Sat, aft.. Aug. 15.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin et.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.:
THE Berlits School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. .
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech-.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der KalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION" Day and
PARTTNGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class
ErANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. S34 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Paint'
ing from Nature. CURRIER. S72 Sutter et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttznan shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $3 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st; teL Butfh 135—
Japanece-Chlnei* employment office; fur*
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. »te.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. T»l. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce^ — Best help at
Leon Benng's. 411 O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG girl wants position as second girl;
speaks German; neat sewer; some knowledge
of hairdressing; city or country. Box 4670,
Call office. ¦ . ¦ .
TOUNG Swedish girl would like situation to do
general housework In a small family. 714
North Point St.. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth.
A TOUNG German girl wishes to do light
housework In a good family; no children;
wages $15 a month. 525 Shotwell st.. rear.
ETEADY and reliable woman wishes second
work and waiting at table in private fam-
lly. Apply 431 Eddy st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing houeecleaning; $1 50 a day. MRS.
SIEBOLD. S20 Folsom gt. ¦
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
houseclraning tor Wednesday. 1050 Howard
St.. room 3.
A WOMAN with a child wants position as
housekeeper or chambermaid. Apply 811 Mis-
sion st. «-»
RESPECTABLE middle-aged American; 2 In
family; small wash. 371 Minna Et., near
Fifth; $15. .
GERMAN girl wishes place as cook; flrst-
claFS references. 607A Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; cleaning or
washing. Apply 31 Cedar ave.
GOOD cook wants work or will do second work
450 Sixth St.. room 36.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments; $1 50 day; references. Box 4999, Call
JAPANESE girl, Just arrived, wants employ-
ment in email family. Address 1225 Fulton
et., rear.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER— First-class stationary steam en-
gineer, also' Is a first-class electrician, de-
sires a situation in city or country; has all
tools; first-class references; married; speaks
English. German and Spanish. Box t'JOb.
Call olflce. $
RELIABLE young man wants to deliver goods
for a store; will furnish good horse; work 7
liours a day. Saturday 12, tor, $12 a week;
bond If required. Address box: 4677, Call.
WANTED — Work in Christian family, night
and morning, for board and room, with time
for study. Box 3310, Call office.
YOUNG man, aged 24, desires any clerical po-
sition; has 10 years' experience. Address
box 4678. Call.
FIRST-CLASS office man and collector wants
position. Box 3313, Call.
A YOUNG man with 15 years' of city refer-
ences wishes a position with a reliable firm,
taking orders and collecting; cash bond
given If required. Box 3304, Call office.
YOUNG man would like position on private
place doing chores and working in garden;
can milk; city or country. Address box 810,
Call office. Oakland. ¦
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
more setB of books to keep; afternoon or
evening; competent to straighten out an>J class
of accounts; city reference; terms reasonable.
Box 4ttt>6. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate worker; good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Address box 808, Call office.
Oakland. _______
ERIGHT. energetic, strictly first-class young
man desires to represent reliable firm as col-
lector ur solicitor; speaks English and
Swedish. Address box 809. Call. Oakland.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation tn grocery store and barroom;
flret-claaa rets. W. Bohllng, 417 Kearny Et.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man, want& work;
small Jobs and contracts taken. Address
Painter, 1121 Webster gt.. city.
YOUNG man wants position as bookkeeper;
good references; good experience. ISox 4067,
Call office.
COACHMAN — German, capable, experienced
and sober, wishes position; city or country.
Box 4071. Call.
GARDENER — German, good, reliable: handy
with tools; city/ or country- • Box 4872, Call.
JAPANESE wants position as schoolboy,
couple of hours, or day work. Ring Green
250, H. J.. 317 Mason Et.
JAPANESE man and wife would like situa-
tion to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1900 Killmore »t.
CHINESE, excellent, first-class cook, wishes
position, $65 per month; meat and pastry
cook, hotel. board'.nK-houBe or private family.
$40 per month; give good references; satis-
faction. C22 Sacramento st; C. W. F.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been . established at 1090
Valencia st. • ¦ ¦ ,
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accented for services. Set.d for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMKNT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET. ~~ -
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt., on the square. >
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room fiat, basement;
half block from Market et.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. S943 Seventeenth at.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth its.: new, sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe st. : modern Improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Ca_-
tro-st. cars; rent reasonable. -
A SUNNY middle fiat, 6 rooms and bath. 1040
Page fit., between Stanyan and Shrader.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and yard. 132
Ro;e ave.. bet. G(*"|gh and Octavla, nr. Mkt.
ELEGANT fiat; 0 : rooms, bath. 630 Golden
Gate ave., near Van Ness; modern; cheap.
LIBERTY. 221. near Dolores— Flat of 5 rooms,
bath, gas; cheap rent. .
NEW upper, 0 extra large r. A b.. cor. Ful-
ton & Scott; fine view; sep. entrance; sunny.
POLK, 2500. cor Filbert — Lovely sunny corner
flat. 7 rooms: marine view; rent $35.
SACRAMENTO. 1365 — Bay-window flat"* of 3
rooms; separate entrance; rent $12 50.
SACRAMENTO. 2S50-28(K>— Swell, sunny 7-room
flats: Juet completed; seen to be appreciated.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 18U7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post St. , "
TWO new fiats. R and 0 rooms. Beaver et.. be-
tween Noe and Castro. ¦ ¦ " •¦ ¦¦-
4 NICE rooms, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1017 Geary st.
FLATS FOR SALE. — FURNISHED.
A- NEWLY furnished' flat of 5 rooms and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going East; rent
.. $25. Call' at 060 Oak st.. 11 to 12 a. m.,' or
7:30 to 0 p. m. ; no dealers.
SUNNY flat, 7 rms. ; good place to rent rms. ;
must be cold; bargain. 612% Leavenworth.
8- ROOM flat, furnished; must be sold at once.
Apply at 114A Ellis st.
DUSIXESS, CHAXCES — Contlnned.
FOR sale— A few shares of Paclflo States Tele-
phone stock. Box 3305. Call office.
$600— SALOON: between Fifth and Sixth. How-
ard and Market eta.; long lease. 021 Howard.
TOR sale — Good-paying laundry route. In-
quire W. AIKEN. 3372 Mission at.
RENT $15; space to let for cigar stand. In-
quire 416 Dupont st. . -
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this 'paper for sale.
Inquire hardware etore. 19th and Folsom sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receded at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
DOIXG - HOti8ES _ FOR SA3UBj
100 ROOMS; house fcr men; rent $140.... $4000
rs rooms; eouth of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; rood income; rent S20 350
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.: apartments; Western Add; rent. 230
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
CAKl*_ r {-BEATI.MJ AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8.,, F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main fl237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 356-357 Tehama at. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero gt.. tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 14S2 Howard ;South 218
ADVANVK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 SutUr St.;
tel. Main 394. QEO WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison it.; tel. Mission 268.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
,. SPIRITUALISM. £
RETURNED
Mrs J. J. Whitney, trance clalrroyant
buaine'ss medium and life reader. 416 Turk
et.. room 2. first floor (Hotel Reclna). r
MRS. HARLAND'S circles, eves.; to-night. 10c;
devel. claes, Man.; readings dall. 148 6th.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c. 619 McAllister; comefokeptlcs.
W G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings, 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
MME. SWANSON, spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRYOYAXTS. *
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.-
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes epeedy and happy mar-
riagee, /.takes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 am. to
K p.nr: Sundays 2 to 8. 320 OFarrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; the reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are In trouble, dis-
I contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; Z5c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569. f
CASHMIRE.
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vise.* on love, law. business". speculatlon'«*nd In-
vestments: as a ten in the readings she will
tell your full name, address and occupation;
she reunites the separated, causes a speedy and
happy marriage with the one you love; In fact,
ehe advi&es on all troubles pertaining to hu-
man nature; locates hidden treasures and
mines. 1H07H Market st., bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turin private readings daily, 10 a,
rn. to C p. in. : readings by mat! as satisfac-
tory as In person; S qnestions answered. $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't s#nd currency. Sind postofflce,
WWls-Fargo mc\ey order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Elsht: tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 5Oc; g*-nte. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant eittlng; Jl BO. 126 Turk »t.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant.
, card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
¦ achort time only; when Others fall try me to
{} convince yourself. 402 Franklin, mar Grove.
MISS D. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant,
palmist; tells life cradle to grave; 50c, by
n>ail or person. 217 Eddy st., room 9.
A— Mm*. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 8 4th st , near Market
MME. MARSEAU, clairvoyant and card read-
er; love, business, marriage, 25c. 545 Minna.
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist, 55 Third St.;
ladles. BOc: gents. $1; hrs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents, 50c. 951 Mission et., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26^ Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents Sqfr,
MRS. SHAFSR, clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. GO Geary— All
ei:m»nt« of the feet cured; corns, buntons.eto.
COLLECTION* OKK1CI2S. ~
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected ipeedTly. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85, 910 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for tt; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgoraery. rooms 9-10: tel. S5S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE for the rent— $12 50 per month. 5
r. & b. ; en Nevada ave.
$20 per month. 5 r. & b., 1245 Sanchez st.
$2o per month, 5 r. & b.. on 2eth st. I with
a email payment down. Your friends.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 MlsBlon st.
~~ DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
rcade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. SOc; gaa given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, COc;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Slith st.
GOLD filling, $1; silver. 50c ; crowns. $2. Elite
Dental Inct., 83S Market; open evenings.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kenrny, cor. Busti —
Eet teeth. $1 CO up; crowns, $2 up; fill ings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, eilver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimate* fre«.
New York Pentlrts. 969 Mission «t.. cor. 6th.
UZlKSSaiAK—RS at SEA31STH.1-SSKS. '
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 10*19 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
J DTEIBTG AND C-iEA-TIXrO.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALUWEU, College or Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day A evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
EAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
easleit. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. 8.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches:
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
AYRJ-S. the lcdlng business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ment*; handsome catalogue free: Ufa scholar-
ship, $50: day and evening sessions. i
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electricity,24 Post
St.. B. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue tree.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslo Conser-
vatory; lessons 70c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
IJJf FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean FrancUeo
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
cctl! 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner day; open until 8:3d p. m.
SCO Hayes ttreet: open until 9:30 p. rn.
€59 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra.
CIS Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. m.
1»41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
-261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cxttu 0 u. m.
108 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1008 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore «trf<-t: open until 9 p. ra.
MEETING NOTICES. [
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 3, 11. A. M ; . _S_. j
will meet THIS LVtN- YV
ING. August 11. at 7:30 o'clock. R. /yf\
A. degree. By crder of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge NO? 30 ' F. and I A -55
M.— Called meeting THIS iTUESDAT) >%Qf
EVENING at 1 o'clock. Third de- /VA
gree. Ey order of V. M.
EDWIN L METER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. -»
M.— Third degree THIS 'TUESDAY) >_V
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /?>
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. _j_3_2__
r. — Initiation cf four < abdicates -?*#_3JK[\
~HI? (TUESDAY) EVENING. 'Zg.ggS&J
E. R- MOSS. Noble Grand. "*Wa2&*-
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
< OSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. L .o>»__23«_.
> i O. F.— Initiation WEDNES- -^J^aSS 5 *
HAY EVENING, August 1-. vl »-^S"SfffSs»
i;crs cordially invited. "^iffnwf^
GCETAVE A. HUEBNER, N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEARY. Recording Sec'y.
ALTA Lodge, No. 205, I. O. O. F.
— The officers ar.d members of
Ah*. Lodge are resulted to at- ¦y?|3ft3£_?
t«ad the funeral of Bro. Umhalt ¦"CfiMfB^
from Odd Fellows' Hall. TUESDAY. Aug. 11,
at 2 p. m. ALF. VOLIGNY, N. G.
TO the officers and members of Locals Jfc*,
222 ar.d 230 I. L. M. and T. Asrocia- __£.
tion — You are- hereby notified to attend the
Joist meeting of above locals to be held at
Turic-st Temple IfT Turk St.. on WEDNES-
DAY EVENING August 12. at 7 o'clock.
B> order of JOS. DE MALDER, --
Chairman Joint Committee.
L E RICHARDSON. Sec. for Local 222.
HENRY JEND. Rec. Sec. Local 230.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SECURITY SAVINGS BANK—
Notice U hereby given. in pursuance
of a resolution of the Board of
Director* of the Security Savings Bank, a
corporation organized and existing under the
lawe of the State of California, passed and
adopted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July.
1903. at a regular meeting of said Board, duly
held at Number 223 Montgomery street, in the
City and County of San Francisco, in the
State of California, the aame being the prin-
cipal place cf business of esid corporation,
the Security Savings Bask, and at the build-
ing where the Board cf Directors of *ald
corporation usually meet, that a meeting of
the stockholders cf said corporation, the
Security Savings Bank. Is hereby called for.
end will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
street, in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the «&xr.e being the principal place cf
business of eald corporation, and being at
the building where the Board of Directors ol
feid corporation ucuaily meet, on Wednesday,
the 23rd day of September. 1903, at the hour
cf three o'clock in the afternoon of eaid day,
for the purpose cf considering, deciding and
acting upon the preposition to increase the
capital etock of said corporation, the Security
Savings Bank, and to increase it to the
amount of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it — ! proposed to increase the said
capital etock is One Million Dollars. By
order of the Board cf Directors. Dated. July
14th. l»03. FRED W. RAY.
Secretary of the Security Havings Bank.
AGENTS WANTED.
"HOW to earn $100 in thirty minutes": no
canvassing; no telling: scr.d name and ad-
dress to secretary, room 202. Spreckels An-
nrx, San Francisco.
WANTED — 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
pood position for first-cla— s men. Apply at
1114 Washington et.. Oakland, bet. 9 and 12
a. m.. room 3.
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
<77 and 47S Parrott tldg.
APABT-XESTTS TO LET.
"EL MONTERKT." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north eide of
1'lne et.. betwe«:n Hyde and Leavenworth; a
fuperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the convenience* of hotel life; for
t'30 per month you can eecure here an unfur-
nished 3-roora apartment, consisting of lartce
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub <hot and cold
water): this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
BEAUTIFUL Haddon Hall. 951 Kddy st.. bet.
Franklin end Gouph: a few high-grade fur-
nished and unfurnished apartments now to
be had; 4 rooms and bath; kitchens unusual-
ly large and have gas ranges; telephone In
each apartment; gas and electric light; steam
ar.d g£« heat; watchman on duty all night;
elevator service day and night: ref. required.
APAETKEHT HOUSES.
THE VON NYDACK, 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartment* cf 4 rooms and bath each, in-
cluding free Janitor and elevator kervice;
hot and cold water throughout; Fteam heat;
octan water for baths; electricity: a roof
j garden and house eystem of phones: sunny
and modern. For terms apply oc premises
or to SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Et.
THE MANHEIM. CS2 Sutter st.. bet. Mason
ana Taylor, odp. Golden Gate Hall — New
house, newly furnished, opened July 20, 1903;
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
ing; tunny rooms; direct car to ferry. Cliff
H"U«e and park.
; ASTROLOGY. ~
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
tcond. bookftore.643 Ellis. By mall If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW*.
ADVICE FREE — ALL LEGAL, MATTERS.
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in adx-ance — No charge without
Success; estates attachments damages.
R. C. ADAMS. '
Room 316. third floor. Examiner building.
r.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rrn. 611: a!l ( as. s. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
Ire*. no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red S601.
ADVICE free — I will advance con in meritori-
cus cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no feff* !n advance: open every evrn-
ing. J. M. THURSTOX. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick. quiet-
no charge without success; established 15 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market tt.. cpp. Hale's.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckcls bide.. 927~Marl
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys rs 3O9-1<M1
ClLinie bldg.. 503 California st- ; tel. Main 727.
llIItDS. DOGS. KTC.
YOUNG talking p_rrots,$5 cach;German singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you;every-
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSIAES- CUAACKS. — -
A— f&OG; SALOON, with 10 furnished rooms;
place fcurroundc-d by breweries and malt-
houses; rent H": a good business, but dis-
agreement of three partners 1e cause of sale-
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny.
A— tliliG; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: estab. many years, and known as a
flrtt-class paying business. See It. G
WILKE. 26% Kearnji et.
A— $ii_D; ItESTAURANT aad coffee ealoon. on
Po*t et.; rent *3U; average daily receipts,
?lh; a bargain. U. G. WILKE. 26V» Kearny.
85.'»0— COR. grocery * n <S l>ar; 5 living rooms.
Fruit Mores from $100 up.
Two cf far stores et $?00 and $900.
«.>fflc* business for sale cheap.
<JCCIDKNTAL, REALTY CO.. SIS Kearny st.
FOR eale — Good paying dentists' business?
town £500; Inquire promptly; may refer to
Dr. I'. G. Ualrd, cecty. tftate Board Dental
Kmmin'rf. &Q2 Sutter st.
WANTED — To sell good shoe shop. Write or
call at once. l">"7 £hattuck ave., Berkeley.
FOR eale — Upholstering and carpet cleaning
business; good trade; sickness cause oi seii-
lng. Hox 3307. Call office.
WANTED — Good corner saloon, downtown-
$1000 to $3000; no agents: must stand Investi-
gation. Addreer box 44392. Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale. Box 3308. Call office.
Hairflrefslng ].>ar!crs;cheap;v_lue In sight; po^d
locAtiun; retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7th-StIi.
EALOON— Mu«t be sold to-day; $375. 204
Fourth St.; rent $25; no agents, j
FOR' r— le — Saloon clock and fixtures. 117
City H*ll ave.
RESTAURANT: eeatlnr 62; snap; no Sunday
work; departure. CC6 Fourth et.
FIRST-CLASS bowlSng alleys In lively- bay
tows for rent. Address box 463$, Ca!l.
HELP WASTED—MALE— C«m.
, ' MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. . '.
Our office half block long: 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant w» publish a
fre« bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE T-tS FA^tlOUS.
W« Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME. '¦'
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give*
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, ' . Oregon,
San Fernando. Washington,
Los Angeles County. Central America,
Arizona. WilUts. Ukiah,
And AH Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile driven, fence*
' builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men. cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc..
$5. $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY A READY.
2 634 and 636 Clay «t.
". ] GOLD. SILVER. ':
COPPER, COAL.
26 machine miners, southeast mine $90
88 tingle and double hand miners, $90, $82,
$75.
86 timber -furnace men, also muckers, $90.
$75.$60 and found.
16 car men for good, mines $45, $60 found
COME AND SEE.
268 laborers, no experience, wanted, located
everywhere, / $75. $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS, OLD -QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California. $80. $.5.
$60 and found. COMB SEE.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
89 milkers and butter makers. $40. $35, $30
and found. . - ¦
186 ranch hands I $45, $30. $28 and found
THRESHING OUTFITS.
38 men about threshing machines, you 11 do,
$45 and found.
26 hay balers, located all over, 20c, 25c ton.
BIG WAGES. GOOD JOBS.
FOR STABLES. 2« men, $«0. $70, $50, $35 Id
~ FOR CHORES. 39 men, $35. $30, $20, $15 fd
Coachmen, gardeners, private family men.
sheep herders.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country. $55 found, excejj-
tional good Job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mines, etc, $40, $50, $60 found; come
s«e, WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all over
California, excavating, mills, factories, waC-
lng. etc., some In San Francisco. $2. $2 oO
b'oYS. BOYS. BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work to factories,
$5. $6, $7 $9 week. - - '
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here, $45 and found.
12 brick wheelers, boss here, $35 and found.
16 brick setters, boss. here. $2 50 to $3 day.
26 laborers, brickyard, boss here. $60.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work,
JOT 50 month.
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK— COST $1.
186 teamsters and axmen, $75.
1S8 laborers. $67 60.
1S6 drillers, rock, hammersmen. $70.
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE.
26 HEADERMEN. TUNNEL. FREE FARE.
$J>2 25.
GOING ARE YOU. TO-DAY? FREE.
25 GROUND LABORERS FOR TELEGRAPH
COMPANY. STATE OF NEVADA ? STEADY
JOB; ALL '"OVER PACIFIC COAST; $35,
board and lodging.
FACTORY— EXTRA GOOD— $60.
16 laborers; you'll suit; steady Job, near
city; $60.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company, free
fare. $50 and found.
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers: you'll suit: lumber trust. $72 50.
2 screw setters, $105; 15 off bearers. $R2 5O.
25 laborers, pile lumber; you'll suit; $82 60.
16 cross-cutters for woods, $•;<> and found.
•» 2tt boys for box factory; anybody will do;
$o2 50 and found.
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGIONS— FREE.
65 laborers, anybody will do, R. R. fare
free $42 and founitp
NORTH— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc. fare
paid ?"."» and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOC— TO BUTTE— $1.
196 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75.
FREE— OREGON— FREE.
26 woods and mill men, regular Oregon big
wages — WAGES.
FRUIT PICKING — AS YOU LIKE IT.
65 men, you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $1 $26 and found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal miner*— OREGON— FREE FARE.
WILLITS— UKIAH— FREE FARE.
26 teamsters and laborers, others going-
Are you? $75.
DO YOU KNOW? FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All. yes all. divisions.) Laborers,
extra gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANT*V BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY A READY,
~- 634-636 Clay st.
' MECHANICAL. \ "
READ CAREFULLY.
0 bench hands. $3 50; f> helpers, bench Job.
$60; country Jobs.
16 rough carpenters, fare $3, 6 months* Job,
$73 to $00.
12 plain carpenters. 60c fare, steady Job. $9Q
2 carpenters, one as leader, 50c fare, plain
work. S'V day.
BLACK8MITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $90 up.
ELECTRICIAN FOR MINE. $90.
i 10 coopers, lie barrel 2 carriage makers. $4
5 brick molders, $3 SO; carriage painters.
$75 to $90.
6. machinists. Assayer for mine. $6 day
Sandstone quarry— an. $3 day up; stonema-
son, country, $GO found.
/ BUTCHERS.
6 all-round butchers. $40. $60. $70 found
:: experienced factory butchers, across bay,
$3 Jay.
3 helpers, slaughter-hous« work, fare $1, $30
and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" WHERE ARE THEY?
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES,
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
t>95 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found. '
lMi experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$15<> and found.
:\:<.\ woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
fctickermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers. trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jack screwers.
Log loaders. Shingle tawyern.
Dot beer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Paw fliers.
Pond men. band sawyers, carriage doggers,
. sorters, graders and peelers, chain tender*.
shingle packers, also Jointers, chute' build-
ers, $40s $50. $60. $70. $S0. $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
3SB woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post.
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
\ visions found.
\BIG L MURRAY A READT.
TRUSTS. „ C34-63G Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK. ~~~*
1.15 Italians. ,:.».. FREE FARE
155 Greeks. FREE FARE
1D5 Austrians. FREE FARE*
Board yourselves; managers at our office-
see them. • '
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC. ~~~~ :
37 cooks, all oVer California. $90. $S0 17K
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotel,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes re.'
taurants, saloons*, harvest outfits etc -*<>ri«n
maker, $10; porter, city store. $40-"«e«md
cook* mine, $40; also waiter. $30- steward
$50 and found. *^* " leward .
18 waiters, $35, $40. $.10 and found
30 pot and dish washers, $33, $30 $ < »b anH *a
. r ;. b t'i» a to d $i e 5 Ie an a rfo&
6 butchers. $40. $50, $60. $30 and found •
12 laundrymen. all classes, $is week un
6 bakers' helpers. $55. $40. $30 _ nd found
12 boys, learn trades. ""•
We publish a tree bulletin of labor dallv '
containing 10,000 positions; B et one y>
MURRAY A READY
¦"--- • .634-636 Clay st.
" SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT '
MAIL, PHONE AND TELEGRAPH
Blacksmith, 25c fare. $3 day. > -»«t«-
Cook, few men. ranch, boss here fare si
$30 and found. ™ Iare * K
Cook, threshing outfit. 20 men, $i«> w »»v »a
Baker, city Institution, $40 and found
Cook, haypress, fare « 20. $35 and found "
Porter, city, saloon. >42 week- 3 beiihni.
$15 and $20 and found. *
Cook, ranch, fare $1. $50 fd.. extra eon* i^k
3 farm hands, hop yard, fare ?1 »§_&0 m'
BANKING SYNDICATE
26 fruit pickers and handy men' far., u
$20 and found. * rare * 1 '
Laundryman fare paid, north: 6 bed makers
3 porters, $30 and found. ma*ers.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & Tivatw
BEST WAGES AT 6J4-63tt Clay 1£ Y>
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
WANTED— Office assistant willing to work 1*»
hours a day and Sundays. Box 3317, Call.
A. BEDMAKER wanted at 560 Howard st.
HELP WAIfTEP— MALE— Con. .
AT C. HANSEN CO.'S Employment At cy
429 BUSH ST. «..«43 CLAY ST.
Hello. Grant 183.
Shipping Day To-Day — FREE FARE— for
WilUts. via Ukiah. Mendocino Co.
Hamtnersmen, laborers $2 23
CHATSWORTH PARK Tunnel. L. A. Co.
Machinemen. drillers $3-$3
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
RYNDON. Tunnel. NEVADA.
Stonecutter, drillers, muckers ....$--$4 day.
2 high bridge carpenters $2 50
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
CHICO, PLACERVILLE.
Laborers, teamsters, hammersmen... $2-$3 80
RATE FARE.
SAW MILL. NORTH
Crew of 50 men ,...$42-S72 found.
10 men to handle lumber, near city. .25c hr.
2 rough carpenters, same place $3
Brick burners, setters and wheelers
$33-$45 found
Laborers for quarry $2
Blacksmfths, carriage makers, hay balers,
choremen, farmers and others.
French chef $125
¦ '"" German cook, $65; German cook. $40; Aus-
trian cook, $60: fry cook, country hotel. $60:
-..broiler, city. $50: second cooks. $35-$30: _
lurchmen. city, $40: baker. Institution. $40:
* dishwashers, bedmakers, porters, housemen.
.- vllvermen, pantrymen, city and country.
$25-$35.
25 waiters, hotels and restaurants, city and
country, $25-$45.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agcy.
420 Bush St 642 Clay St.
AN' office boy. who lives with his parents:
must write a good hand; steady place: good
chance for advancement. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 429 Bush st. »
ASSISTANT laundryman for Institution. $30
and found; 10 teamsters for country. $30
V and found, fare paid; stableman for coun-
N try. $35 and found ; gardener $30 and found ;
milker for Santa Barbara County, $30 and
found, fare paid: 6 lumber pliers. 25c hour:
stableman and driver.- company wortat $50;
choreman. $15 to $20 and found: 2 sheep
herders. $30 and found; 3 farmers and
wives. $40. $30 and $55 and found: black -
, smith. $3 day; miners. $3 day: laborers for
mines and quarries. $2 and $2 SO day and
$1 60 day and board; 8 woodchoppers, $1 50
cord, and others. J F. CROSETT A CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
BAKER for Institution. $40 and found: cook
and helper, small hospital, $50; cook and
wife for institution. $50 and found: restaur-
- ant cook and wife. $16 week; bellboy. $15
and found; porter. $9 week: dishwasher, $25.
and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. C2S
Sacramento st.
WANTED^-American young man as office as-
sistant clerk: typewriting: advantageous; $4O
and board. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st. » "
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery/ r. 12.
Pantryman. $45; barber for hotel: night
clerk. $25: broiler. $50; second cook, $t>0;
steward. $75.
WANTED— Jewelers, at 17 Lick place. Lick
House. ¦¦_
NEAT boy. for printing business. KNOWLES.
24 Second st. v':--r»
WANTED — Under presser on . vests. 230'i
Ninth st., opposite- Clementina..
WANTED — Good errand boy; $4 a week. 228
Seventh St.. upstairs.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; 4 living rooms at-
tached; old stand; no opposition: can ba
bought cheap. Full particulars STOLTZ, TZi
Market mt. i
ONE or two capable boys. IS or 18 years old,
can secure home and education In Srst-class
private school In return for duties after school
hours. Address box 3306. Call office.
1-CHAIR barber outfit for sale cheap. 303*j
Broderlck st.. near Oak.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 BO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third ¦-. j^xamlnar bHg.
PICK hops! Excursion to El Robles ranch
on Russian River fixed for August 19 only
instead of August 23. as previously adver-
tised; call Immediately for El Robles tickets:
excursions to Horstville and Perkins now
going daily: families and young people pre-
ferred: heavy crops; excellent pay; beauti-
ful camps; plenty amusements. E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. S. F.;
, office open till 8:30 to-night.
YOUNG man or girl as stenographer and type,
writer: one with knowledge of bookkeeping
preferred: for wholesale house. Box 4(87.
Call office.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. V. PER-
SON. 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
2 MEN to do Janitor work for tuition. West-
' era Barber School. 647 Commercial st.
BARBER shop; four living rooms; carpeted;
old establishment. 229 Hayes st.
BARBERS — 2-chair shop and living rooms;
snap this week. 23C8 Howard street. '
WANTED — Two successful solicitors, where
possibilities are great to earn from S20O to
$40O per mi >nth; past representatives of build-
Ing and loan and life Insurance companies
preferred; on favorable evidence of ability
and reliability moderate advances will b«
->. made for expenses. Apply to T. W. GRIF-
FIN, between 2 and 4 p. m., daily except
Sunday, room 9, 9 Powell st. ,
WANTED— For the U. 8. Marina Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read aad writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations la th«
United States. Apply at recruiting effle*. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.; 223 tf N. Mala
St.. Los Angeles. Cat., and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Educated young man or woman to
14 sVn our business and take responsible and
permanent position as soon as qualified; city
references required. STODDARD LEC-
TURES. 210 Examiner building.
WANTED — First-class furniture man who un-»
derstands polishing; also one thoroughly fa-
miliar with setting up stoves and work about
furniture. Apply JACKSON FURNITURE
CO.. 523 TweKth St.. Oakland.
A GOOD underpresser on v«ats; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a young
man to learn underpressing. Apply S. N.
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics tft kno—
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 80 to $3 per week.
A CHANCE for a. Christian man to start with
the real estate business lr% the country. Box
4604. Call office.
WANTED — First-class body makers on car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co.. Loa
Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— A good, strong boy, $1 a day. Mu-
tual Label and Litho Co., Second and Bryant.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
CO.. 24 Sutter st. .¦_
THREE laborers, pick and shove'* 14th av*.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st. can.
YOUNtJ man In .tinshop learn trade; ag« 14
years. 533 Mission st.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In 3. 7.
B-rber School. 741A Howard st. __
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europ* _nd
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart it.
•
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-band army shoes.
COc up; soling aheap. 823 Howard »-. nr. Wtu
PENSION 'atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40,'Phslaa
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Po»t.O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 T-lrd «t-. n_r M*r-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from fsrry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25e
to 50c. 563 MUslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AJTD "WAGOJIS.
TEAM roan mares, city broken, weigh 2750:
one doctors' horse: 2 business horses. Santa
Clara Stable. 164 Golden Gat* av.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons buggies and harness must be sold -C
sacrifice. Corner 13th and Valencia sta.
RARE chance — 4 good hones for dale cheap.
327 Sixth st. _________
OKE fine buggy, fruit wacon. cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 82& Harrison st.
¦¦
Al EXPRESS wagon, light* camping wagoa
and yocart for «ale cheap. 833 Mission st.
~~~ HOUSES TO IJET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. Q.H.UMBSEN A CO. J4 Montgoraery
FINE h"ou»e. Nineteenth st-. bet. Mission and
Valencia: grown family preferred.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
SACRAMENTO. 24tJ8. near Fillmore — I rooms
and bath: large yard: $17 SO.
HOUSES TO LET — Fl'RMSHEO.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location; 1373 Masonic av*.
Apply UADISON A BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
$571—6 ROOMS and bath, furnished complete;
nun all day: rent $37 ."rf>. 2QQ Hyde, cor. Turk.
%. LOFTS TO •• LET. '
LOP3" to lease— «5fi. Mission St.. NW. corner
of {Annie: -light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: will least
for a term: r«nt reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEF. A CO.. - 213-220 Montgomery s-I
; Mills bulldlas.
B___i _ __ w__ Bsfffe_ ( *K0_*j/ / _^*3ss£sjE^Gf 1 I *_^
V_ ' ' N^J^^^ \- V /^ I Ij
It Is vexlngr, no,dou6t, to a breakfast set down
Where the coffet Is weak and the steak's done too brown.
But then you are to blame, since 'tis very well known
That good cooks can be had through Call Want Ads alone.
:':¦•{'. So don't scold at the wife, but in gentle tones say
That you'll write out an ad for this paper to-day.
The breakfasts thereafter will be e'er a delight.
With the coffeeifull strength and the steak browned just right.Helena Schlestnger to Henry Mohr. lot on W
line of Polk street. 30 S of O'Farrell. S 30 by
*B ¦ and Marie Bernou to the Lambla
Realty Company, lot on S line, of Geary street.
M W of Bucbaran. W 30 by'S 95; $10.,
Wfnd*ll Eastcn to Mary A. Regan, lot on E
line ofSteiner sireet. 07 N of Waller. N 0J&
y Edith A." K. Lyman to J. L. Lewison, lot on
S line of Pacific avsnue. 228:6 W, of Scott. W
0:6 by to 127 :SK: *l«0- ¦ , _ „"';
Painter & Company (by A. O. Colton.- re
roivert-to J B- Painter Company <a corpora
tujn) lot on SW corner of Twenty-fifth and
Bryant streets, ;S HO by v W 100; also lot on W
line of Kentucky street. '2C0 N of Army (Co
lusa) N 50 by W 100: also loU 368 to 'MO. gift
maD 1- also lot 34, blcck 12. Flint Tract Home
.t?ad-'al«o lot on S Una of Farallones street.
JsO \V of CapitoU E 180 by S 125. lot 5. block
l Railroad Homestead Association; S7301.
•j h painter Company ta George D. Gruenig,
Jot onV line of Bryant street, 65 S of Twenty,
firth - s 25 by " 100; ?io.
RobeVtTc. Bolton to Walter B. Cope, undi
vided third of the following: Lot on Nff cor
ner of California and Webb stieeu. W 62:6. X
™9, W «2:«. N 76:3,*E 30. S w 7:«. E »«:6; S
1T7-6- also lot on N line of Merchant street.
v« : 6'wcf Montgomery. W 31:8 by N «2;6;
also' lot on SE corner Of Leavenworth and North
Pofnt streets. S 137:6. E 137:6. N 21:7Vi. NW
lM-9'i WU; also lot on w line of Jonw
street'. 62:6 N of Greenwich. N 75 by W 112:«;
' l u»ry M. Smith to Pletro Pierini.- lot on S
line of Greenwich street. 37:6 W of Kearny.
W 25 by S 87:6: $10. _ _ _
E J f Zimmer and F. W. Eaton to Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company, lot
on S line of Washington street. 25:10 E of Du-
P °jo t nn E Aa^m y to AngeloDelmonte. lot on w'lln*
of Trenton street. 112:6 N of Jackson. N 55 by
John J. snd Alice Stofen to Horace J. Pe
raxzi. lot on W line of Leavenworth street.
7?" S of Lombard. 8 SO by W 01; J10.
' ¦ Bridget Stryker to John and Annie Healy. let
on SE line of Silver street. 212:6 SW of Third,
SW 3«:6 by SE «0; $10. - . . ,» :•
Solomon and •• Dore , Schloss - to Helena Schle-
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. AUGUST 10. 1803.
The following tables eWe a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal,
tne- 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure'
ments. The figures are by J. B. LJpplncott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
I Second Feet.
• PATE - —55r~a55r
July 2tf MS0 5440
July 27. X®° 5=0
Juv 2S ,~ 5S80 5220
July 29 MSO 0220
Jnly MSO 5220
jSy M 68S0 5220
August 1 • SSSO «0O
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
' Second Feet.
Jatv 28 560 25
jSly 27...... *% «
July 2> .•...."........ . 410 M
jnl? 29...'. r .T ..,- 4^ 35
July 30.... «*> •
July 31..;.. W0 T
August 1 .-- 300 0 .
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
J Second Feet.
DATE. .
1902. 1903.
i July 26 1O«> 1040
jSly 27...... . "05 »T3
jSly 23 "05 • »H>
July SO •• 1040 f »IO
July 31. ••• 104© 910
August 1. .........:.¦¦¦-.. 010 910
TCLE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
July 26.......... : 29 >27
July 27......... 30 2* ,
July, 23...... : 30 25
July 29.... 20 2«
July 30 27 24
July 31.... 2« 24
August 1-. 23 21
PLOW OF BIVEBS.
Alice Phelan Sullivan (owner) with C. A.,
Injcerson (contractor), architect William Cur-
Utt—Brick. carpenter, gtass. roofing and plas
tering for addition to residence on SE corner
of Van Xess avenue and Washington street;
$1130. ;-f -t 7: ¦-'-."- '-/ :
Builders' Contracts.
singer lot on SE line of Howard street. 223
SSW of Fifth. SW 28 by SE 80; $10. -
Herbert H Moore to Swift & Co., lot on \V
corner of Fifth and Townsend streets. SW 100
b5 A*lbert V and Marie Lehrice- to James . H.
and Katie McHush. lot on W line of Pennsyl
vania avenue. 125 N of Eighteenth street. N 23
by E»len *S& George S. Fife to .WUUan* F.
Ahren« lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 150 S
of Lake street, fe 23 toy E 120: »1O: -,
McEwen Bro». (a corjioratlon) to Loulee Ke«
non. lot on E . line of Twenty-fourth avenue.
SCO's of Clement strtet, 8 20 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Ge*z to Frederick E. and
Marv Fox lot on W line of Eleventh avenue.
150 N of J street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Lovell and Laura L. White to Gustav and
Elizabeth Palm, lot on SE line of Pomona
street 50 SW of Bay View (Parnassus avenue).
SW 00 by SE 100. porUon of lots 5 to b. block
B. Silver Terrace; $B00. • -
Elbndg* J. and Mary E. Bailey to Herman
M Kuhn. lot -on SE line of Edinburg street.
"5* SW of Brailt avenue^ STV 25 by SE.-IOO.
block 46. Excelsior Homestead; $10. /
John H. and Ellen O. Grady to S. M. Llne
kln (wtdow). lot on W line of NaUck street.
15-> -iH S of Chcnery street. S 25 by W 123.
portion of block 1. Falrmount Homestead As
sociation; $10.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Aug.. 10.— The Su
preme Court - to-day denied the writ of
supersedeas asked for by a Bremerton
saloon-keeper permitting him to ran his
saloon pending a determination of an ap
peal from a decision of the lower court
upholding the Bremerton Town Council
in its contention that it had a right to
revoke a saloon license prior to its expi
ration. Though the ca3e was. not tried
out on Its merits and will not be. -the de
cision was in effect final. - >
Bales Against Saloqn-Keep«r.
SAN* BERNARDINO,. Aug. 10.— "Man
found one mile south of Helen. Think
was killed by train." is the message re
ceived this evening by the Coroner from
Oro Grande, a station on the desert side
of the range. Helen is a siding a few
miles from Oro Grande. Coupled with the
telegram is the fact that the conductor
of an incoming overland train to-day was
short a passenger upon arriving here.
The name of the passenger is unknown,
but he came from the East and was
ticketed for Temecula and should have
changed ears here.
Body Is Found on Bailroad Track.
GILROY. Aug. 10.— Herman R. Eschen
burg, a prominent merchant and master
of Keith Lodge. F. & A. M., was accident
ally shot while hunting deer this morn-
Ing in the vicinity of Bells Station «n
.company with John F. Guiinamet.' He
was on a steep hill when two deer were
sighted. Both men dismounted from their
saddles. Guilhamet's horse shied a;id fila
rifle was discharged, the ball entering
Eschenburg's right side, passing through
the urethra and coming out of the left' leg.
The wounded man bled profusely and was
conveyed in a wagon to this city, thirty
miles distant. He is resting easily In Dr.
ClaTka sanitarium and the surgeons say
there is a chance for his recovery.
Herman R. Eschenburg, a Merchant
Of Gilroy, Is the Victim, of a
Serious Accident.' r»r?r --•
DEER HTJNTEB- IS SHOT
BY HIS FRIEND'S BITLE
Deputies Prevent lynching.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Aug. 10.— A dozer
deputies have been sworn in by Sherlfl.
Smalley to resist any attempt at lynch
ing Tom Horn and Jim McCloud, con
demned murderers, who yesterday made
an unsuccessful break for liberty-. • Th*
city is quiet and. orderly to-night:
BUTTE, Mont.. Aug. 19— The mystery »ur
rounding the disappearance of Eugene B.
Cooney. the 13-year-cld son of E H. Cooney.
city editor of the Great Falls Leader. wa»
cleared away to-day by the- discovery of th»
youth's body floating in Lake Sewall. twehts
miles from • here.
A franchise asked for by the San Jose
and Santa Clara electric road over the
same routes on Market street from Santa
Clarar street to the depot will be sold next
Monday. There 13 much speculation as to
whether Beggs will bid on this.
Many believe that the Germanla Savings
Bank of San Francisco, which owned the
First-street road here, was trying to block
Rea's road. Beggs would not say whom
he represented, . but declares it was not
the First-street road. He says outside par
ities with plenty of money wanted the
franchise and were prepared to build the
road.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 10.— President James
W. Rea of the San Jose-Los Gatos Inter
urban Electric Railway, was forced ta
pay S5C3O for a franchise at the meeting
of the City Council this afternoon in or
der to secure a city terminal for his road.
This is fifty times the usual price of fran
chises in San Jose. It is considered a big
price, as the franchise only extends three
and one-half blocks from Santa Clara
street, down Market street to the broad
pau=re depot.
Rea had submitted the usual Jl<» bid.
but when it was opened William M.
Beggs, an attorney of this city, raised
It the required 10 per cent. ,
Rea responded with a like bid, and
Beggs kept bidding until it reached $49001
Rea then raised it to $5290 and the fran
chise went to him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 1».-Mrs. A. C.
Drayeur, wife of the aged wine maker
whose mysterious death in Healdsburg-'
Saturday is now being investigated by
the authorities, to-day confessed to
Sheriff Grace that she and her husband
had quarreled last Thursday evening and
came to blows, and that after he had
struck her she finally felled him with a
stick cf stovewood. According to her
story Drayeur soon regained conscious
ness. On Friday he arose from his bed
and started to walk across the £oor.
when he suddenly fell backward strik
ing his head violently against the win
dow sill. She elaims that it is from the
effects of the latter blow that death re
sulted. . An autopsy reveals the fact that
death was caused by a fracture of the
skull. The woman la being detained by
the authorities and in all probability will
b« arrested to-morrow. The couple lived
at Healdsburg near the cannery and for
years have quarreled and drank to ex
cess.
Gives Fifty Times' the Usual
Sum for a Much Needed
Right of Way.
of Firewood.
Admits Striking Him on the
Head With a Piece
James W. Rea Is Forced
to Outbid Attorney
Beggs.
Death of Her Husband-
Being Investigated
by' Officers.
WIFE MAY FACE
MURDER CHARGE
PAYS BIG PRICE
FOR A FRRNCHISE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 11, 1903.
13
' LOST AXD FOLWD. j
t/ alI~LL^ ! !f b T k Wtth the Hlb-mia Savings i
-ncer » t n please return to bank. !
U< rf3»^ -*S; i^ Jre a'asioad ring. A suitable j
to rterk^rf r^if*". ftnder on <»«»verte» Hire !
*o cicric cf California Hotel. Bu*h st. 1
U ?f£7:l n vac » n t house. 1307 Octavla. box ccn- !
I-fSi?,,^*"* P m * nd other things. Return j
1.03 Hugh et.; liberal reward.
I3!&* fc £ ach of keys; near Van Ness ar.d
Market. Return SI Van Ness ave.
X> iluT L *V h * r P urte « containing money, valu-
•Wh?/^ S™^*- R«um to R. A BOOS.
L<^ T ~A small open-faced pold watch with j
rnonoeraei R h J. Finder leave at 753 1
Market gt. and receive suitable reward.
* ><?5 "r — A black covered col'.ectir.c tv>o_ con-
tatmeg laundry bills. P.eturn 4T2 O^ary st.
IT T wi!1 i p*' p *<> '"Remember" that the California
v * atcn Case Co.. 2_0 Sutter st.. needs oUi
sTC.d and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAJL.
VALPEAtTS female pill*: best r»-gu'.ating pills
•eld; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price f2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
broadway. Oakland. _______________
A— Mrs. Dr. Sweet take* ladles before and dur-
ir.g coc&reniest; intant* adopted; $15; S3
rocnis A beard; U3 years' experience. 2S2 7tn.
»1RS. DR. WTETH. fpecialist for all female
cc_e__nts ; lnst_rt relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 72S Post st.. near Jones.
CR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble comtuit this epectallst on female
«*o— :pl_ints ; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the mcst <S!fScult case* treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
ilBE. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
t-ale trouble* and i -regularities; Instant re-
lief ruaranteed. 10C?>>^ Market rt.. opp. 5th.
_4RS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— ReUable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and <i_rtng
ccn£Lne_>est: b*Ft medical care; low fees.
£>— . Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp. ;23 yrs-expertence.
r>R. ana MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBs"
ericlr-ai method cf treatment. 1125 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2393 Folsom st.. cor.
I6th; relief 110; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 319 Powell St.. opposit*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
HIKES AXD aiM.VC.
<V VALUABLE PROPERTY.
Investigate at cr.ee; It wtl! pay you; 7H-
foot led?*; assay value $4 13 to J« 10; de-
velopment new being rapidly pushed forward.
WTANDOTTE MINING AXD MILLING
CO.. 17 Chronicle bldg.; hour?. 10 to 3 and
7 to 8.
MISCELL-XEOl'S— FOB SAJLL-
X3OI_ERS. engines. 2rha=d machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watc—es and
Jewelry frcm us is that you need cniy pay a
email weekly payment en all purchases; ail
roo—. del:vere<J en first payment. Call and
examine our roods even if you don't care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stocktoo.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
F.epair it with elaterite; in rolls easy ta lay;
retds no painting cr coating; goad over old
lrcn tin cr, efclng'.es; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
A— *1ae euits. »7 50; dress pants. S2 50. Orlgl-
ttal MieSt Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny St..
rear Bush: cpez to 9 p. ra. Eunday to nocn.
A-43 50 DERBT and fedora hats, fl 73. Pcp-
el_r Price Hatters. S30 Kearny et.. near Pine;
cpen Ul! 3 p m. Sunday to noon.
A— EUTS. sells cr rests gear macMnery. «o-
r*.ne*. bribers, wtter p!p«. ehaftlng. pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW, 2U-223 Spear st.
TRY cur BCB'a shoes st $1 rair; fOOC-CprBI
*h'*s et $2 50: we r*y exrr»*s charges. 11
Tt-.rd Ft.. Examiner bid.; catalogue rent free.
SECOND mach'y. boUers. engines, pumps.
»cod and iron working — achlnery. bought.
sold and rented, n. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
'AS er._1ne for sale at a bars^ln: 8 HP. ;
firrt-cia*s cne. Apply VON £ERK£T. 618
Clay et., Os-land.
r.EMlNOTON tji*writer and c>»k; nearly
new; also efftee desk; bargain. 411 Parrott
builfiirg.
FOR *a:«? — A ticket t<> DenveT: *20; good to
October 19. Bex 4664,' Call office.
MOVING pictures mag:c lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
M!LE« cf r:p« and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILET A SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture £:_ asd song slides. 109
51-ntccn:eTT et. •
SAFES — New and secenc-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;c£ir.p stools and chairs, hammocks.
—•ta! beds, mattresses. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture — *cfc:ces. films. Baclg—upt. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
tl! i:ict. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at.
SAFES— New and seccnd-han_ THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacraaento st,
A&K for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
-ak«_ ALEXANDER * CO.. 110 Montx y.
MXSCELLAXEOL'S WAJtTS.
73LTON wants g3od sec-nd-hand clothing and
'h'-arrlral goodf. 1T4 Oth ft.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
BI3.VEV TO LOA.V
AAA— JSERMAN MI'RPHy] ~^
601-C02-O.3 Exiniiner building.
&uick s*ttl»nwnts; no disappointment.
Sa^e rxjwnses by dealicg directly.
Kr-.ates. second mortgages, undi\-idte<l inter-
ests, assignments of rents property in trust.
•«tc:« legacies. Hit estates' and undivided in-
t«T-e f ts in vrcv+rt? purchased.
Court«-out treat— <?nt. Strictly confidential.
Wh— 1 You Need Money
{?ee HERMAN MIT.PHV.
HIGHLT re«p*ctzbie private riace to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
l<5w<?rt ,1*1^8. BaMwin Jewelry Store ' 646
Market st.; Ul. Main 1644. Branch. 19 fhird.
iJUNEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, trtmslfrf. boarding-houses, without
ra-CJirity; etty payments; largest business in
46 prlacipal cities. Tolman. 5.^; Parrott bldg.
A — 1 p**- cert on furniture cr piano ;no removal;
no coEmiFslon; no publicity; t^3 up; quick.*
quiet, confidential. :<5 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANfc FROM |1 TO SIO.OUO.
AT cut tmtea on real estate, furniture or piano;
no ccir.mUsion. E. \V. LICK 1C03 Mutual
Esv. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main hlC.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCT— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan en low inter«-st: gold, silvr.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth gt.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. "W.
MILLER, room 74. f.rth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
>:¦••¦. any security. 3«J2 Montgomery, room l«t.
Z"> ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room S.1. « Eddy st.. floor 4.
________ — — — ,
ALL loans en tflans one's and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. GCS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co cf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Ek.bld.
. ,
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
in_ors«r. MORRELL. €09 Examir^r bid.
ML 1 SIC AX lASiTIllMEATS.
A NEW clano for next to nothing; two car-
Icads cf pianos in a railroad wreck; damage
to caste only: railroad claim of •'<> per cent
allowed aa Xiw. entire amount; thik nako a
good $300 piano cost only f ISO and first ci;i-
ers mill get Cr*t and beet choice of these in-
struments, wtuch are scarcely damaged in
any way; this Is an epportunity you cannot
aKord to put off. as the best bargains will gt>
first; t_«re are stocae pianos badly damag-ed.
but these will not be put on sale until they
are thorcegfcJy repaired.
• ...r.:* rented from $2 up. with privilege
ot aiiowins; the rent to apply on purCbae*
price; installments, $4 uj>; cash discount on
all purcbases If paid for tn two years; great
».arg_ln« !n piano players. HEINE PIANO
CO.. -S5-S37 Geary at. Largest wholesale
and retail exclusive piano establishment on
thg Coat.
ASSORTMENT cf some •nprignt barg-ina.
S Chlckenng »150. $1W. $233
1 Klmball walnut upright, celluloid keys.SCS
2 Emerson «•** |215
2 t-telnwa/ V^.'« Jlfc5 ' 5^2
4 Heine .$233 to $593
12 square. *l?« tO $ Hi
10 cr__ns $10 to $.3
Rents <2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $«X) up; new
p-.ar.os from $117 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
225-237 Geary St.; phene Main 5744. -
$63 — LEFT on sale; FlUher upright plana 237
Geary st. -
tTEINWAY oprlsht. left by private party.
*'•»-"¦: a crest bargain. 237 Geary et.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitebead's Storage. 1630 MarVt-
BKAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinwsy upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe*s,285 OTarreu.
Famiiy sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
ft-rtd»omc fuiawajr uprig-ht pla.no. CIS Edcjr.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
y <i~J ! S. Steamers Ieava> Eas Fra _-
/e^^-^DJy dKO u (oUowi: . ......
firi^ - xiffV For KetcMkan. - ¦ Joneau.
ft/ Tli3?5$t \"*l S*ay~ay, etc., Alaska. — 11 a.
I ! \^2»3L I 1 »¦. August 4, 9. 14. 13. 2*.
I \ YWbk*fa/.i 23. Sept. 3. Chasie to ccsa-
yj>\ \\ 7,0/ pany's steamers at Seattle.
\5*vJ_^6^y For Vlctcria. Vancouver.
N^aisAvS^ . Port TGwnaend, Seattle. Ta—
coma. Everett. Wbatcom — 11
a. m.. August -4. 9. 14. 19. 24. ». S«pt. X
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. R7.
For Eureka <Humbcldt Bay>— Pcmcna. 1:30
p. m .. August 2. 8. 14. 20, 2«, Sept 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. August 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Ancdes (via Port Los Anxele* a&4
Redcndo). San Dte_o and Saata Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Lcs Acgelea (via Saa Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Saata Crus, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Lois Oblspo). Veatora and Haeneme,
Coos Bay. * a. m .. August 3. 13. 21. 23.
Sept. 6. . - -.
Kamona. 9 a. m.. Au— 1st 1, 9. IT. 23, SepC 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlaa. Altata, La Pas, Sasta Ro-
salia, Guay— as (ilex), 10 a. vs., 7t_ of e&an
month. •
For further Info— nation obtaia folder. ¦
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
ies dates. ¦ - mb
TXCJCETT O~~1CXS — 4 New ilontgoa-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street aa<S
Brcadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN Gesera) Passenger Agnrt.
Z ... 10 Market St.. Saa Fraaelsco.
O. /?. «£ TV, CO.
••Columbia" Mil* Aci. 1. It. St. 31. "O— r»
W. Elder" soils July 37. Ac*. 6. *». M. OntT
steamship Use to PORTLAND. OR., aad short
rail Uae froa Portland t* an points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rsJL or steaa-
•tip and rail. v *t LOWEST RATES.. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. ex. ~. T. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pasa. Depc. 1 Montgomery »t. ; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. I apt-. S Monty:— -
ery at. '
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBK-SOUTHAMPTON-LONDOX.
St.Loul9.Au?.19. 10am ;Phila...Sept. X tOarn
N. York-Aus. 2«. 10 a— .St.Louls.Sept.- »,10 atn
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT Uf.E.
NEW IORK- LONDON PIREfT. '_--
Min't'ka.Au*. ¦ 22. 3 am'Mtn'bx. .Sept B 4 pm
Min'p'tls.Aug.29. 10 am-MesaJbs.Sept. 12.. 9 am
Only First Class Passengers Canted.
OOMiNION LINE.
BOSTOX^UEENSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
Commonwealth. Aug. 27fColumbus(nrw)Sept. .17
New England Sept. 3 Comm .on wealth. Sept. 2*
Mayflower Sept. 10' New England. . .Oct. 1
Montreal — I4verj ?ool — Short sea passage
Canada .' .Aug. 22;Domiaion .....Sept.* .1
Kensington ..:Av?. 23 Southwark ...Sept. U
bo* 100 Maditarranaan »««.:
- AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Aug. 29. Oct, . lft. . Xov _t
Cambroman Sat. Sect. ' 19 ' .Oct. 31. Decl 12
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YOBK T BOTTEKDAM..VIA BOULOGNE.
: "•--, SalllEg Wednesday at 10 a. in.
Ryndam .... Aug. 19. Rotterdam Sept. 2
Noordam Aug. 28; Potsdam ..... Sept. 9
RED STAR LINE. -'
v--r Y*"*W— AVTWF.RP— PARIS.
Vaderi'd.Aug. 22,10 am Zeeland. Sept. 5. 10 am
Kroonl'd Aug'.29 10 am; Finland. Sept. 12. 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
XEW YOE_-QUEEXSTO~\\-_lYEltrOQL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays. L.
MaJestlc.Aug 19. noon j Oceanic. Aug. 28. S am
Celtic. ..Aug. 21. 4 p— ! Cymric. Au*. _S.0:30am
Victorian. Aug. 25,7 am! Teutonic. Sept. 2. noon
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Facias
Coast. 21 Post st.. San Frs mciaco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers wlU leare- wharf, corner First andl
Brannan streets, at 1 p. to., for TOKOHAM.v
tad HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkon* with steamers for India, etc. Na
carco received on board on day of calllns.
a _ AMERICA MARU.*.
Wednesday. Angtut 29, 19Q3
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 19C3
8 S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tlcketj at radaced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Co— .-
oany's offlee. 421 Market street, corner First.
v^ W. H. AVERT. General Aeeat.
VVVUUIV47«WVV> oma a,* UH[r _
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15 11 «. m.
c' s ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. 13, 11 a. 03
«" S SD2RRA. for Honolala, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Tharsday. Aug. 27. 2 p. ra.
ULin Eciiis isxiJ.a,i4tj^rx_jtrrc»,!43i__5Si
F^tK&kUSIiTkitIL.Pivli.7.PaaSeSL
ffamburg-/}merican.
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
T-ia-3er«- Ex?— « asd Punn^r Ssrries.
P Siirtsmund ..Aug. 13 Patricia Au*. 23
Bluecher Aug. 20 Moltlto .Sept. 3
Pennsylvania ..Aug. 22 Palati* Sept. 3
A Victoria Aug. 27 F. Bismarck. .Sept 10
* H__aC33-AXKKICiS LETS. 37 BTwar. H. T.
HERZOO * CO.. 401 California St.. Cea. Agta.
C0XPA65IS fixxxuxs nuvsiT-urnaffi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVR£-PARI3. _Mt»,_
tailing every Thursday. Instead ot^fjjSg*
Saturday, at 10 a. m .. from Pier 42. «i*-K_ja
North River, foot of Morton street.
Flrst-cUa. to Havre. $70 and upward. Sea-
end-class to Havre. (43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES ANO
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUOA21 * CO.. Partflo Coast
Arenta. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max* Island and ya_UJo Ht«s_ns— *.
hteamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MOXTICELLO-'
9:43 • m-. 3:13 and 9:30 p. m>. exese* Sunday.
Eusday 9:43 a. m.. S:3O p. na. Leaves Vsiiejo.
7 a ia.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. £un-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 30 cants. Ttl.
Main 1508. Ftar % Ululoa-st. docX. - KAXC-I
K&OS.
gPECIALlBTg. ' V "
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
gTORAGEAXD^WAREHO OSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72»-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sta.; tel. Priv. Ex. B7L
HOUSEHOLD goods and bric-a-brac packed for
storage or shipment. Call or address 370 Fell.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture, and merchan-
dise. 333 GoldenGate^v^^^hTOs^EastlM.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
.- Mission st. ; tel. Howard j>41._ F. W. Zehfnas..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
, St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
LEGAL APVERTISE3IE.VTS.
NOTICE of Dissolution of Copartnership — The
firm heretofore existing under th« name and
style ot Golden Gate Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company, doing business in the city
ar.d ccurty ot San Francisco, " State of Cali-
fornia, is thi:,day dUioived.by mutual con-
sent, MARSHALL C. HARRIS having pur-
cbafed the entire Interest of WILLIS . G.
WHITTER in the concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER.
July 17. 1903. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
and distributing apparatus for the University
of California — Notice to contractors, builders
• and material men — Notice Is hereby given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tube boilers,
each to contain one-half the heating surface
required to furnish steam for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
cross-compound, non-condensing engine, to
be arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary fsed pumps,
feed water heaters, steam separators, traps
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete. In-
cluding all necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping between tanks, etc.. the plant
to be furnished and installed complete at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Said sealed bids or pro-
posals will be received at. room. 16. South
Hall.! at the University grounds. - Berkeley,
on or before 3 o'clock p. m. ot the 17th
day of August. 1903. And notice "Is hereby
further given that clans and speclflcations
for said construction - have been made 'and
adopted and are placed in the engineering
offices, room 7. 331 Pine street. San Fran-
cisco, where the same may be peen and ex-
amined during each day from 8 o'clock a. m.
until 4 o'clock V- m. from this date until
the 15th day of August. 1903." No bids. or
proposals will be considered unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer* equal to te- (10) per
cent of hhs proposal, with sufficient sureties,
conditioned that if said bid or proposal shall
b» accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into a proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
Obligations in accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
1 and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice Is given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California,'
approved March 23, 1S68, and an act.
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March' 2S, 1972, relating to the construction
o; buildngs." approved March 3, 1S97. By
order of- the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings ot the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN Secretary of the Board of
Regents of the University of California.
PROPOSALS for Iron Pipe. — No. 3« New
¦ Montgomery Et., San Francisco, California,
July 13, lSXO.— Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m..
August 12. 1903. for furnishing about 'J00
. tons cast-iron pipe and 12,000 feet galvanized
Iron pipe, with fittings, delivered at ships'
tackle in San Francisco. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and blank proposals furnished on appli-
cation. Envelopes will be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Iron PlDe," and addressed Major
C, A. Devol. Quartermaster. U. S. Army.
Depot Quartermaster. - ;-*.'•« '.
SEALED proposals for furnishing armor for
naval vessels will be received at the Navy
Department until 12 o'clock noon Thursday,
October 1. 160S. when they will be publicly
opened. Forms of proposals and all neces-
sary Information may be obtained from the
Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, Navy De-
i partment. Washington. D. C. CHAS. H.
DARLING. Acting Secretary of the Navy.
August 3, 1003. '\t
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
: yesterday:
- Edward C. Haln. 24. city, and Maud Farmer,
18, city. ¦
Joseph C. Trask, SO, city, and Mattie Jones,
30. city.
George S. King. 29, Seattle, and Lena L.
Haugen, 29. city.
John J. Beusan, 2S. 1061 Mission street, and
Mary Stanich. 23. 405 Fifth street.
Fred E. Smith. 23. Denver, Colo., and Agnes
L. Cornish, 21. Denver. Colo.
Thomas E. McGovern. 23. 1057 York street.
and Mary Nelson. 21. 3*35 Twenty-fifth street.
David E. Richards, 21. 232S Folsom s-.reet,
and May L. Skinner, 19. 605 Greenwich street.
Carlos J. Briceno, 40. 757 Bush street, and
Tlllie Muensate. 21, 757 Bush street.
I Rudolf G. Smith. -a*,- 170 Perry street, and
Clara Gustafson. 37, 139 Perry street.
Albion Desmond, 21, Bakersfield. and Emelie
A. Wild. 1J*. city.
Terence O'Brien. 20. 2320 Humboldt street,
and Nellie Sullivan, 30, Ocean View.
Albert Waldstetn. 27. 1013 Hayes street, and
Minnie C. Extrom, 26. 33 Turk st.
Percy E. Green, 21, C10 Capo street, and
Edith M. Parrtsh. 20. Denver. Colo.
George F. McGrath. 27. Port Costa, and
Emma Estas. 20. Port Costa.
Abe Levy. 34. city, and Sydney E. Taylor,
: 24. city.
Lowell M. Lee. 22. Palace Hotel, and Isa-
belle Erhardt. 21, Palace Hotel.
Patrick Ferry. 40. SOW Thirteenth street, and
Mary A. Harkins, 35. 227 Shipley street.
Sebastlen £erff. 25, Santa Roea, and Marie
! Orenberger. 35. Santa Rosa.
Jean Lalanne, 43, city, and Terese Sallcn,
43, city.
George W. Ryan. 23. 2120 Folsom street, and
Daisy M. Born. 20. 2S34 Twenty-second street.
William T. Brouseau. 25, Oakland, and Ella
Klley. 24, Oakland.
Fltzhugh O'Fallon. 23. 114 Ellis street, and
Sybil Hoeking, 24, 1*4 Ru«s street. *
Burt L. Davis. 21, city, and Camilla C.
Lund. 18. city.
Charles E. Scott. 21. Belvedere, and Zetta
G. AIsip_18. 1135 Oak street.
Chee Dan? Sun, 4O. W)7 Jackson street, and
Yut Sin*. 22. 716 Jackson street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofQces and be
indorsed with th«r name and residence of per-
sons autborlzed^to have the same published.
Boiiir.
DEVLIN— In ¦ Vallejo, "August 4. 1003. to the
wife of Frank R. Devlin, a daughter..
JOHNSON— In this city. July 10, 1003, to the
wife of A. O. Johnson, a daughter.
McNULTY — In this city. August 9, 1903. to
the wire ot George H. McNulty. a daughter.
MARQUARD— In this city, August 7, 1903, to
the wife ot R. Marquard, a son.
JENSEN — WHITE^ — In Oakland. August 7
1003. John VV. Jensen and Camlla D. White!
SCHWARZ — HEINE — In this city. August 4
1003. by Rabbi A. B. J. Brown. Charles
Schwarz and Rosalia Heine, both of this city
SEITZ— TURNER— In ' this . city, August io!
1003. at Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis-
copal Church, by the Rev. John Stephens
Leonard G. Seitz and Jessie M. Turner both
of San Francisco.
ZELINSKY— SCHAARY— In Oakland. August
5). UKKJ. by Rabbi A. B. J. Brown of San
Francisco, Abraham A. Zellnsky and Esther
Schaary, both of San Francisco. . '
„_ __ DIEI) -
Bacon. Edwin Henney. James
Bunsien. Henry A. Kane. Elizabeth
Cathcart. John J. McArdle. Abbie
; Crosby. Brigld McKenna. John
Curry. Ellen . - , Murphy. Timothy
Ehlert, Jennie ¦ Regan. Annie L.
Fegan, John H. Rolin. Bridget
Flynn. Jennie Smith, John S.
Green. Marvin W. . Smith, Margaret
Haslett. Leah - Umhalt, Julius
HawB.sley/ James H.
BACON— In this city, August 9, 1003, Ed Win.
beloved husband of the late Esther A. Bacon
and father of Mrs. F. C Immel and Charles
R. Bacon, a native of -Massachusetts, aged
7ti years.
BUNSEN— In this city. August 10. 1903. Henry
A. Bunsen, a native of Ohio, aged 31 years.
E~ Remains st. the chapel of Charles H
J. Truman & Co.. 1900 Mission street. . be-
tween Fifteenth and sixteenth.
CATHCART— In this city; August 0,1003, John
Joseph Cathcart, ' dearly beloved son of Ellen
Cathcart. and brother of. 'Charles, William
and Frank, Cathcart. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 30 -years 0 months and 2t5 days
. C7 Friends *ud acquaintances are respect-
• fully - Invited : to attend the funeral . to-day.
August 11. 190B. at, 11:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com- t
pany, 406 Powell street, thence to St. Mary's
' Church, corner • of 1 Dupont . and : California
streets, where funeral cervices will be held.
MCSICAL I.XSTRUMEXTS Con.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vase, t-terling. Jacobsen. Schnecn-
ten, ¦ Sherwood, Weser. Marshall tc Wendell.
Halnes. Everett. Knabe and others; easy
ravments. BENJ. CURTAZ & :*OX. l^ 20
O'FarreU. No branches in San Francisco.
; UNTIL Aug. 17 we will sell all pianos at spe-
cially low prices, then our regular low prices
will be resumed: take advantage of these
low summer prices. THE ZENO MAUA AIS
MUSIC CO.. 7IJ9 Market st.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coart. 27S OFarrell;
Fkilltul repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sola.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 210 McAllister st.
' KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and oldest piano house^
1 EEST renting piano in city for $-1 per month.
PIANO CO., 5C0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good upright; m Ust be sold at
once. SCHMITZ «V CO-, l« McAllister st.
FOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. CecilUn piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and I new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FERSOXALS. ' _ •
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. • .
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birth-arks,
fmallpox ratings and .cars *; w " t i?_*» \\ y *£
moved without cutting, mascage. electricity or
nwd.cines: special aew 0 " 5 . 1 ™ 0 ™ 9 £1* Geary
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Oeary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray
Proves its growth;stops falling ;cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or *t^' n « s -
oleaas-g scalp^t druggists', h 1 '^ 1^.^. 1 ? '^
_ cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo^MSGcmry .
WANTED— 999 men with scalp dlseaw^>: loss
of hair and baMness prevented (can treat by
mail blank for stamrV. con*u Ita tion 1 Tree,
8_0 to 8. S-KU- 1" to 1^,^ ro < ii- 0 1 ,?5 > rVp A t -
GARIXJW. Specialist, room 21S. 99 1 Market.
ANNIE HORI. a lady giving _ treatment to la-
dies frr rheumatism, has her. of flee at the
«»lden Gate House. 526 Kearny sr room 10;
she spesks tfree languages— German. Bohe-
mlun and English. -
TO Whom It May Concern: I hereby give no-
tice that frcm and sfter this date I will not
be in any way n-s^-JMibl* for any debts
contracted by my o^P M «ggjg^-
VOT how cheap but h^w good. Is the motto of
th- manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Sfiflard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, ajent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manentlv mvrphine. cocaine habit. Call or
address "Central Pharmacy. 2M Grant ave.,
corner Sutter ft.; fee rr:o«ier»t».
DAN'nXG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
tJun<lay evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
»t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT l^s than cost, uncalled for suit*, overcoats
»'d trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St. - ' "
ELEGANT suit* on easy installments: 50 cents (
. and up r*r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. betw-en Seventh and Eighth. j
THE highest price raid for ladies' or gent*'
cast-ofT clothing- and all articles of value at
WEINBERGS. 114A Ellis «t. ¦
SUIT? to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch.tallorg.727-723 Market.
ALL styles hairdressing. 25c: hair goods: mani-
curlsg 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pant? $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mr-.Tra verse. UTOMarket.
MASQUERADE rostum»s. play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
AI-FREDUMP Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists' .
Superfluous hair anfl moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Mtss Eaton. 111» Sutter.
PAPERHA.NGI.VG. PAIHTPTG. ETC.
F.OOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st. : teL Main 413
REAL. ESTATE— CITY-— FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $1250; corner lot. 2-story house;
let 25x114; 1S4 Clipper st. See owner on
premises.
BUY A HOME; STOP PAYING RENT.
Ixv-V at tho»« five cottages on Prectta avw..
west of York et.; take Folsom-st. carr lot
30x150: prices small; t«nns easy: open from
e tt> 7 -30 p. m : Sunday. 3 to 5 p. m.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery *t. •
JIOOO— 2 new flats. 29th and Mission sts.:
will rent for $40 per month.
S.15OO — 2 new flats en Army St.. near Mis-
sion. Your friends will loan the balance for
the rent.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR sale— House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia A Mission; no reas.
cfTer refused. Stephens A Co.. Union-sq.. Mkt.
FOIi salt — Neat cottage; mod. imps.: tame aa
rent. Apply SE. cor. Alabama & Monte— an.
V W CORNER of Folsom and Eighteenth
* st*. ; 50x100. Apply at 213S Folsca st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA '¦'"'», stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C M. WOOSTEE CO.. 648
Market st. ¦
1 10 nco— 40 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Llvennore. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Llvermore.
ItOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$Zl*jO — MODERN hen-.e; S rooms and bath:
over half acre of srrounds: shade trees; 30
fruit trees In bearing: large stable and out-
houses- located in that particular spot in
Res* Valley that is Tree from asthma; 6 min-
utes' walk from San Anselmo station. In-
qqlre R- R. agent at San Anselmo.
I'OIST RICHMOND KEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
map? phcto*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
i ' ==
KEAL ESTATE TO EXCHA.NGC.
P.EAL estate to exchange; free printed list.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau. SSO Market st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SCFPLIES.
g^at~bXrgains in" typewriters— we
sell better machines for less money than *ny
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £3« California telephone Main 2*6.
A FEW good typewriters «t $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. _ M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moai-
gcn-.ery st. '_ ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. !
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 200 Sansoms.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
c«,jyo_j{ouSE cf 6 rooms; lot 45x100; street
work complete: house nearly new; cost
$_5Ou; will take lot in part payment.
$2000 — 6 rooms and bath; lot 6Oxl20; street
work done: modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$400— Lots talf block from Grove-st. Caroline.
•3500 7-room house; barn; large lot: on street
car line: exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
$1630 — 6-rocm house, near ColJeg? ave. ; lot 40x
120.
Acreage property adjoining university grounds
from $400 to $700 per acre; fine view of
San Francisco Bay.
CHENEY & BERRY. . ' '
P. O. Block Berkeley.
$4000—1507 PRINCE St., near Santa Fe R. R.";
Large 8-rooza house; .high basement; t ta-
ble ; cow barn; 7 booses for chickens; lot
160x132; street work complete;, call and
taspect. ¦ _.'.•.<¦¦?¦;
• W. C. MORAN ft CO..
2131 Scat tuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE new, handsome cottages: up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1550
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $16 CO per
month.
W. C MORAN. Lorln station, or
.¦¦ - ( C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
AN opportunity seldom met with — I' have a
new 2-story 7-room house. 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, etc.; on an improved street:
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In monthly
instsUm ents; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J." MASON. Real Estate.
Ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center, Berkeley.
«550 COR. lot. 40xSO; nr. Berkeley station.
J0OO— Cor. lot, 40x100; Grove st.
$2*00 — 8-room new house, nr. Adeline sta;
$2tOO— «-room new house, nr. Ashby eta. .
$5500— 8-room new house. North Berkeley.
CO per ' foot — Splendid building lot on im-
proved street, near Berkeley station.
pro E. E. NEWTON. 21S1 Center.
FOR sale — New <5-room, house In Berkeley; one
minute walk" all trains and ears: lot 150x39:
street work done; price $1730". terms if de-
sired. H. D. IRWIN. South Berkeley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
! ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JCST WHAT YOU^ARE^L^OKJNG^FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded- by flowers and fruit tree*: near
train and schools: only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPAXY. j
Tel Grand 14<U. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
$2700— FOR Sale— New house of 6 rooms;
choice lot: 1400 cash, balance $35 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, builder.
1243 Part St., Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD HEAL ESTATE.
$4,250 — Reduced from $6000; owner compelled
to leave Oakland on account of a busi-
ness change and prefers to make sacrifice
and a quick sale; house of S rooms, al-
most new ; ¦ the latest style of archi-
tecture; finished la first-class, workman-
like manner; built for a. home and has
every possible advantage; lot 50x116. with
driveway, trees, palms, phrubbery and
a small summer-house; neighborhood is
first-class and near the business center;
fSOO cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE K. AUSTIN, !
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$5,000 — Would cost to duplicate, $6500; new,
colonial house in East Oakland: high and
Flghtly. with a fine marine view; finished
in curly redwood; dining-room 23 ft. j
long, with bookcases and china closets
built therein; ni<-kel and open plumbing;
lot 50x145 (note size); 13 homes surround-
ing it within a block, ranging in price
from $7000 to $15,000; terms only $500 i
cash", balance monthly.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
JESSIE JONES TRACT.
Lots $50 each, $5 cash. $5 monthly. It is
seldom you find such property for the money;
lflOxino for $200; our new tract Jessie Jones,
and It's a beauty. Com* and see it.
$75, $5 cash. $5 monthly: as level as a pancake,
and the good Is there. Size 25x100. or any other
sire you — ay wish for up to 26 acres. Jessie
Jones tract, fronting on High st. boulevard, 90
feet wide, adjoining East Oakland: soil the
best: view is grand; no fogs nor raw winds;
near car and school: a delightful home site.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opp.
Broadway station. Oakland. Carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
SPECIAL BARGAINS—
$3,0G0 only for a fne 7-room house; large lot;
al! street work done; easy terms.
$1,100 only for a 6-room cottage- in healthiest
location, cf East Oakland; easy terms;
" • must be sold this week.
P. C. LASS EN & CO..
466 10th st.. Oakland.
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.: modern; 857 37th st.,
rear Syndicate bank and station; a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Address
Builrer. 931 60th et., Oakland. Cal.
ALEX MUBDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco', for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FCRXITCRE FOR SALE.
TO^ORROW^the^oay for bareainTTir^urnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
*1OOM3 FOR Ht>CSEICEEPI?IO.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping: gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1S30 Polk st.
MISSION, 2024 — 2 cr 3 sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
OFARRELL, 1516 — Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
WEB5TER. 430—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
partly furn. basement rooms; cor. flat; yard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
Itncla ft.
BOOMS for HOUSEKEEPING — Country
Hous»keeplng accommodations, short time, on
ranch ;2 women or man & wife. Box 3302,Call.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and I'nfura.
AA — City Room Renting Agency. ¦ . ¦ - -
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE '.-• FREE
We locate you free of .charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a large, sunny and comfortably furnished
room, with private family, one block from
cable and electric car lines and 5 minutes'
walk from park entrance; references. Box
4953, Call. ¦ ¦ ¦ -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per ulght. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 wrek: house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath: running water; references. SS3 Post st.
BaRTLETT, 21S. cor. 23d — Sunny furn. rooms;
gas, bath, laundry.running water;warm belt.
BELVEDERE, 152— Furnished rooms; near the
park.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 13d4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suttes. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FELL, BOO— To let, furnished front bay-win-
dow room; references. - -."• '¦
FIFTH 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms; $1 50. $2 50 to $4 per week.
FOLSOM. S75 — One large, eunny front room.
FOURTH, 223 — A nice large housekeeping
room; also sinjle.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 527— Nice sunny fur-
nished room; running water; rent $3.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms &0o
to $1 60 night: $2 to (6 week; readinsr-roorn.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE... V
ee Geary St.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths md ningles.
MISSION. 1607 — Large, sunny front room;
gas. bath; reasonable; other eunny room.
MISSION. 2901A — 3 front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also front room for gentleman.
MODEL House— Unfurnished front housekeep- j
Ing rmt. 1206 Stockton; $5. $12; gas; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo. 1
THE Ferndale. 7 Grant ave. — Nicely furnished
rooms for gentlemen; ?2 50; transient.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
—400 single and family rooms; 35a to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electrla
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Mcst convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
Sfic to $1 CO night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
i . , ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
': ___—__—__¦_____——— ______—_««——— —____—
ROOMS A.VD BOARD. %
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite cr single; billiards; steam beat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, odd. Grace Church,
with annex, 807 California st. — Attractive In-
terior: exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 027 Market St.—
Office to let: rent $15; light, heat, janitor and
telephone. ASHTQN _ GARDINER.
ETORE to let with steam connections. ¦ 512
Front «t. -
FALAIIST3Y.
HUE. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
Kist. Office, 26 Ltebes bldg., 139 Poet rt; $1
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
PUVSICIAAS *A5D SURGEONS.
DrTc. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
lfJl »¦» Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st. •
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT, successor to Dr. LI ' Po
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay gt.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other.- Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles."
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.-;
WATER : well* bored through any formation
with the C & C. Company's patented power
drill. Call or address C Eddy st.. room 50.
. Interment Holy , Cross Cemetery by funeral
> car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CROSBY— Entered into rest, in this city. Au-
gust 9, 15*03, Brigld Crosby, beloved t sister
of Patrick . Crosby. Mrs. Margaret^ Fitzge.-
ald, • Mrs. Mary GUltgan. Mrs. Kate Mc-
Donald and Mrs. Thomas Caulfleld. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged €5 years. ¦
CTThe funeral will take place *o-w
(Tuesday), at »:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul.' commencing at 10 o «oc_-
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURRY— In this city. August 8. 1903. Ellen,
wife of the late Patrick Curry, and mother
-of Kate, Luke and Margaret Curry and Mrs.
John L. Mahoney. a native of Ireland, aged
65 years. .
CTTlie funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 0 a. m.. ' from her late resU
dence." 3182 Twenty-third street, thence • to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
" high mass will be celebrated for the repos*
of her soul at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Thirtieth and Guerrero streets.
EHLERT— In the City and County, Hospital.
August 10, 1903, Jennie Ehlert. & native of
Australia, aged 51 years.
FEGAN— In this city, August 9, 1903, John
H.. beloved husband of Catherine Fegan,
father of Jonn and Christopher Fegan. Mrs.
J. Fagan. Mrs. F. A. Hornblower and Mrs.
W. B. Birdsal I, and brother of Joseph Fegan,
a native of Ireland, aged 67 years 1 month
. and IS days. . ¦
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2490 Howard street, corner of
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. v "
FLYNN— In this city. August 9, 1003, Jennie,
beloved wife of William E. Flynn. and
mother of John H.. Gertie, Willie, Viola.
Charles.- Edward. Robert. Jennie and Alice
Flynn and the late May Flynn. a native of
San Francisco, aged 42 years 4 months and
3 days..
CTFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeraj
parlors of James McMenomey & Son. 105»
Mission street, opposite new Postofflce. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, August 10, 1903, Mar-
vin Wheeler Green, beloved husband of El-
vira Green, and father of Edwin. Lola,
Wheeler and Warren Green, a native of New
York, aged 02 years 11 months and 9 days.
HASLETT— In this city, August 10. 1903. Leah,
beloved daughter of David and Elizabeth j
Haslett. and sister of Robert. Nathaniel, j
Ruth and Jeannett Haslett. a native of San j
Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 6 days.
HAWKSLEY— In this city. August 10. 190.1.
James Horace, beloved son of Charles and
Jesste Hawksley. and brother of Alexander j
Hawksley. a native of Aurora, 111., aged IS
jtears 8 months and 16 days. (Aurora. 111., j
papers please copy.)
CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
t»nd the: funeral services Wednesday, at 1
o'clock, at his late residence, 353 Alvarado
street,- near No». ¦ Interment private. . ¦
HENNEY— In 'this city. August 10. 1903.
James, beloved son of. Martin and Catherine j
Henney, loving . brother of . Michael. Martin.
Thomas and Frank Henney and Mrs. John
Walsh, and uncle of Rose and Virginia
Walsh, a native of New York. .
E7Fri«nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late :
residence. 8 Hunt street, off Third, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of Mb
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
.-Cemetery. - " ¦--
KANE— In this city, August 9. 1903. Elizabeth,
beloved daughter of the late Charles and
Elizabeth Kane, and sister of Mrs. A. Mc-
Devitt and Mrs. C. McDevitt «? San Fran-
cisco and Andrew, Catherine and Annie Kane
of Philadelphia, a native of Ireland.
(C^Frienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. C. McDevitt. 3743 |
Twenty-sixth street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
McARDLE — In Jh!s city. August 9, 1903. Abbie
McArdle, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 73
years. •
McKENNA— In this city. August 10. 1903.
, John, beloved son of John and Catherine Mc-
Kenna. and brother of P. J.. Jennie and
Mary McKenna and Mrs. J. M. Kerr, a na-
tive of Brooklyn. N. Y.. aged 3tt years and
4 months.
C~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, .717 Webster street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. August 10. 1903. Tim-
othy, beloved son of Timothy and Hannah
Murphy, brother of Catherine. -John, Hannah.
Patrick and the lats t Dennis Murphy, - and
nephew of the late Patrick and Michael Des-
mond, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years and 4 months.
E~Tb« fuaexal will take' place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock. ' from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
. REGAN— In this city. August 8. 1903. Annie
Louise Retan, dearly beloved wtfe of Jere-
miah Regan, and beloved mother of Charles
and Timothy Regan. Mrs. Edward Man-
seau, Mrs. Charles Molloy, Mrs. Gecrsc D--
veg-gio and the late Mrs. Mary Parks and
', Jeremiah Regan Jr.; a native of New Bruns- ,
wick, aged 62 years 9 months anil 25 days.
(Providence. R. L. papers please copy.) •
C~f riendi" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ill Landers street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. ¦ Church and Dolores, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high rna»s will -be celebrated for the repose
of her soul commenoinjr at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriages.
ROLIN — In Oakland. August 9. 1900.: Bridget,
beloved wife of Henry Rolin, and sister, of
the late Mrs. Ellen Callashan. a native of
County Fermoy, . Ireland." -¦ -
Eyrhe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2203 Adeline street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where- a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at »:3O o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SMITH— In this city. August 10. 190S, John S..
beloved husband of- Untie .Smith, father of
Elverton, Stanley and Annette Smith, broth-
' er of C. J. and J. M. Smith, and son of Mrs.
C. H. Spencer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 40 years. : ..' '
t~Funeral private.
SMITH InWIHlts. Cal.. August S. 1903. Mar-
garet beloved wtfe of John Smith, a native
of Scotland, aged 52 years.
UMHALT— In thU city. August 8, 1903. Julius,
beloved husband of Gesine Umhalt. father of
Julius, Albert and Alma Umhalt, son of
Anna and the late Julius Umhalt. and
brother of Mrs. Ann Huntero ann and Charles
and Andrew Qualllns. a native of Memphis.
Tenn.. aged 41 years 5 mefcths and 13 dajs.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 'i23^ Francisco street, thence to I.
O O. F. Hall, corner of Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Alta Lodge No. 205. I.
OOF commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. _^
IT N E AR ES^Tlj^CJTY__|
iFy_l_r~y8^^"^^y_iHr^T*^iQ _T jr» >> J8 f
I OFT ICE: 916 MARKET ST. j(
F J Monahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUfERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.No tired #jes If Bank Stock paper is uaed. Get
the real thing. Every sheet has the watermark*
¦ Mrs.' Annie Dahl. whose strange actions
in the . Grand Hotel . last Saturday aroused
the curiosity < of passersby , : was adjudged
Insane' 1 yesterday jby; Judge Kerrigan and
committed to the Hospital for the Insane
atUklah.
Declare Mrs. Dahl -Insane.
The cases of Herman and Jacob Ep
pinger, charged with obtaining money by
false pretenses, . were assigned to Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday. The cases were
placed on the calendar and the defend
ants will appear before the Judge to-mor
row for arraignment.
Eppinger Cases Assigned.
The suit for damages brought by Fred
erick Marriott against Thomas Williams
and Truxtun Beale. which grew out of a
shooting scrape participated In by the
plaintiff and defendants, will come up for
trial before Judge Sloss September 1 at 10
a. m. Judge Sloss set the date yesterday.
Marriott Damage Suit Set.
The • Merchants* Association yesterday
addressed a communication to the Board
of Public Works in which it states that
the safety station. recently erected at the
Junction of Market, . Kearny and Geary
streets has met with the public approval
and demonstrated the necessity for more
of; such . conveniences at crowded Inter
sections along Market street. The com
munication also calls the attention of the
board to a resolution adopted by the
Board of Supervisors, which directs that
a similar station be erected at the Junc
tion of Market, Powell and Eddy streets.
The f. Merchants' Association earnestly
urges -that the Board of Public Works
'attend to the building of this new sta
tion as soon as the meeting of the G. A.
A. Is. over, as the necessity for providing
a safety station at this Junction becomes
greater every day. The association also
suggests that the new station be built
ten feet longer than the one at Market
and Kearny streets.
Action in a Communication to
Board of Public Works.
Merchants' Association Urges Such
ASKS BUILDING OF
NEW SAFETY STATION
The Campbell 'brothers, clever. Indian
club" Jugglers and expert bag punchers,
appeared for the first time in this city at
the Chutes yesterday and made a great
hit at both performances^ with their novel
entertainment. Loa Durbyelle," a dextrous
shadowgrapher, produced startling and
amusing, pictures with her digits: Little
Blossom, the renowned coon song shouter,
changed -her.. ! selections, and Hank Whit
comb varied his imitations of birds • and
animals. , Lester - and Curtln. the acro
batic comedians;. Hathaway and Walton,
singers; and -dancers,'; and the anlmato
scope, with ' new ; moving pictures, com
pleted an ; excellent bill. ; The amateurs
will appear on Thursday, night. .
Chutes.
Those who witnessed the production of
"InHarvard" at the Grand Opera House
last .night were evidently . very well
pleased. Judging from the number of re
calls ¦ tho principals In the- piece were
given. .The choruses were, particularly
good, especially in the second act. Budd
Ross and. Anna Wilks scored a decided
hit with their duet, "My Red Carnation."
The latter also won the house with her
song, "My Palm Leaf Maid." *Cheridah
Simpson' has an opportunity to sing sev
eral songs as well as to do a few. stunts
on a piano. Sho does both In a clever
manner. •
. Grand . Opera-House.
. White Whlttlesey- commenced the clos
ing week of his starring engagement at
tho Alcazar Theater .last night In the ro
mantic play, "The Three Musketeers."
The house was crowded, but there was a
lack- of the enthusiasm that has usually
greeted the star on tho opening night ot
a new play. Although his D'Artagnan
was a creditable effort, 'the part was not
exactly suited to him, . and the - support
was not. what it should have been. How
ard Scott as Cardinal Richelieu was most
effectlve,;.and George Osbourne, Fred J.
¦Butler and Clarence Baker were happily
cast; as .the. three .musketeers, but the
other male characters 1 were weakly sus
tained.,- Miss Bertha^ Crelgh ton gave a re
alistic interpretation of.'the part of Lady
de Winter, the agent of I Richelieu, and
Miss Juliet Crosby's. Anne of Austria was
finely, portrayed; in -every respect. Miss
Oza Waldrop was 'sweet and charming as
Constance, the foundling. The piece was
magnificently staged and the costumes of
the ladies were exquisite. .,.
Alcazar.
Anton Hansen. a sailor, living at 28 Sac
ramcr.to street, was held up by two men
on Washington street, near early
yesterday morning. They struck him on
the face, knocking him down, and took
about $1 In small change out of his pock
ets. He- was cut on the face and was
sent lo the Harbor Hospital.
Beat and Rob a Sailor.
Stabbed in Saloon Row
Eczema thoroughly eradicated by the
use of Koenisr^tein's Red Salve. •
G. H. Umbsca & Co. sold real estate at
auction yesterday. Nos. 428, 430 and 432
Eddy street, between Leavenworth and
Hyde, with lots 26x137:6 feet, the improve
ments consisting of five fiats, were sold,
subject to the approval of the court, for
$29,800. Nos. 405 Gough street and 317 Ivy
avenue, with two houses and lot 30x75
feet, sold for 59000. subject to confirma
tion. . No. 4067 Eighteenth street, with
dwellings, between Noe and Castro, was
sold for $2500. No. 34 Bluxome street, a
three-story building on a lot 25x120 feet,
brought $7500. Lots on Folsom street,
near Fourth, sold, for $1000 to $6000 each.
Lots on Shipley street were bougTit for
$1250 to $1650 each. Lot and dwelling on
Elliott Park, the lot being 22x82:6 feet
and 308 feet from Stelner street, was sold
for $2450. Lots belonging to the J. B.
Painter estate, on Bryant and Twenty
fifth streets, ranged in price, according to
location, from $950 to $1650 each. A lot on
Kentucky street, near Twenty-sixth, was
sold for $2000. Lots were sold . on Faral
loncs street from $100 to $2S5. Lota in
Gift Map No. 5 brought $65 each.
Lots and Houses in Various Portions
of This City Are Bid In
by Purchasers.
SELL MANY PROPERTIES
AT FALL OF THE HAMMER
A- really great event will be the co-star
appearance next Monday night of Henry
Miller and Margaret .Anglln,, two of the
most popular players who visit this city.
They will be surrounded by , a powerful
company and as the first play of the
season will present ' George . Bernard
Shaw's great- work,. '.'The*;Devil's;Disci
ple."' It will be the first production here
of the piece and Miller intends", to " give
it a superb presentation. , There ' will » be'
over 100 people on the stage. The settings
Ezra Kendall's second week . at ' the
Columbia, Theater • Is now on and the
prosperity that marked the first week of
the comedian's stav etlll continues. . Tho
star and bis very amusing production. of
"The Vinegar Buyer" will play a blgon
gagement, as the comedy has met with
popular approval and nothing so amusing
has been seen herein a long time.: The
final performance will bo given- Sunday
night. .
Columbia.
Possibly- Blake has it in sheer, classic
Eilliclsm. In his white baby dress, with,
its pale blue sash, his golden curls tied
up with baby blue and his infantile, foot
gear, Mr. Blake's six feet are an 4 un
limited "license for laughter." He lives
up to -his get-up.. bravely, with a joyful
grotesquerie that governs the whole per
formance. , ...
Bernard -as Miss Pinchin is excruciate
ing. His make-up stopped the perform
ance for several hilarious seconds. He
looks like the schoolmarrri our dreams
used to make after* we had 'played
hookey, in his sour black gown, vicious
collar and ill-tempered wig.- He acts.it,
too. with unctuous relish. •
Dill is another delight, as the naughty
Erminegarter. who never learns her les
sons. He takes off his beard, but leaves
on his accent for the occasion, and looks
too sweet for anything in his rosy wig,
organdie frock and ' striped * stockings.
His prowess with the "spit ball" aroused
a ruck of reminiscent-admiration.
Kolb as the serving lady, Specky, adds
yet another to the figures of fun and has,
perhaps, nevc,r been more^ comically cast.
Maude AmOer, too, . as the little prin
cess, Is fetching as usual, particularly
well cast, in fact. ¦ She has a charming
song, "Bug-a-Boo," that is most "prettily
chorused and set and tastefully sung. ;
There are many smaller parts, all well
taken, and a spirit and gayety about the
performance that is of the best one gets
at Fischer's. .The chorus,- dressed as
schoolgirls, looks Its prettiest,? sings its
best and adds largely to thclnterest.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
, / y^. UO VASS ISS." the "first
fi II round " of tne n - w bin - at
\l it Fischer's, is good for five
minutes, its first live. But
it is not worth, hurrying din
ner for. "The Big Little Princess," that
takes up most of the evening, however,
spells another stunning success- for the
house. It is a burlesque, on .Mis. ; Bur
nett's new play of "The Little Princess.'"
and as the original has not yet left, New
York the management thoughtfully pro
vides Its synopsis.
The mere_mentlon of the cast .will sug
gest the" possibilities of "The Big Little
Princess.". Everybody,' to' begin; with, is
In it. The parts are all "fat,", and dealt
out with inspiration. Barney. Bernard's
Mary McLean evidently brought the Misa
Pinchin. an acid s'choolmarm, upon him.
Blake is Rottie. the .schoolboy. , Kolb
does the school slavey. Dill Its : en/ant ter
rible and Maude Amber the 8i.nr pupil,
who is turned down by the mercenary
Miss Pinchin "when papa loses his. job
as Chief of Police.'. • : ~-
• "The ¦ Highwayman'! entered ¦ upon : Its
last week 'at: the -Tivoli last evening, and
with fully as large a : house as greeted the
initial * performance ' of < this j DeKoven mer
rymaker. The ground floor and ; the gal
leries' were well' filled and applause came
from all sections of the building very f re •
quently. Camille ; d'Arville was in better
voice ; than at . the . beginning : of her : pres-.
cnt -'engagement, //which is' saying much..
She was cleverly * second •- by Cunningham, -
Tivoli.
At the Central Theater the gallery was
In its element last night and the orches
tra was almost as demonstrative In it3
enthusiastic appreciation of the scenic
sensation/ "Man's Enemy."; The, play
abounds in .thrilling situations and. the
interest never" lags for a second, during,
the four acts. The hero of this melo
drama .struggles against the hereditary
curse of drink, and "Man's Enemy" de
scribes the course; of the "downward
path" from step to step with a vividness
that is startlingly effective. Tho play
show3 drink as a source of tears, an
guish, poverty, .crime, murder, and as a.
contrast to sin and its- folly -the glory of
virtue is happily illustrated. The pathos
of the piece is relieved by an abundance
of genuine humor,' but the whole play is
certainly a moral sermon In action. In
dealing with the drink . evil, the author
has held- "the mirror, up' to jiature." The
glamour and agreeable colors. that often
surround . temptation are ' set forth, and
the retributive effects are portrayed with
a master hand. "Man's Enemy" is a big
hit and will be'a strong drawing card all
this . week. Herschel Mayall, as Harry
Stanton, gavo-'an impersonation that was
strongly realistic. Stanton "goes the
pace," weds an adventuress, is disowned
by his father, but. is 'saved on the brink
of the abyss by the love of a noble
woman. Eugenia Thais Lawton, as Grace
Lisle, the girl whose self-sacrificing love
**d angelic influence achieve the reform
ation of Stanton, was charmingly sympa
thetic, while Genevieve Kane portrayed
the adventuress In a strikingly clever
manner. Henry Shumer made a ¦ vUIaln
effective enough, to ; a rouse the. wrath of
a hero-worshiping house. Elmer Booth
was excellent in a Hebrew character, and
Myrtle Vane, as the ray soubrette,. and
Ollie Cooper in a '.'child's, part,', earned, ap
preciative, applause.; The- whole Central
company shows to remarkable advantage
in "Man's Enemy." <
Central.
¦ The Orpheum was packed to the doors
again, last night and every number on
the new bill was received with acclaim.
Elfle Fay. "the craziest soubrette on the
American stage," created a laughing fu
ror. Her art is indescribable and she is
already the talk of the town. Miss Wynne
Winslow's sympathetic soprano voice
gained her repeated encores. Lew Haw
kins was Immensely amusing in : his
stories and parodies, and Sidney Wilmcr
and his company in FA Thief in the
Night" scored a hit. The Kaufmann
troupe of bicyclists and four othei? excel
lent acts completed one of the strongest
programmes offered at the Orpheum in
months.
Orpheum.
will be quite out of the ordinary and will
be specially built for this run of the play.
Other plays to be, staged during the Mil
ler-Anglin season are -The Taming of
Helen." a new version of "The Forge
master," and a new production "ot
"Camille." The advance sale of seats, for
the tirst week will commence 'Thursday
morning. The management announces
that positively no, orders ¦ for'-'seata will
be' considered in advance of that date.
feature of the play. Lillian Kemble re
ceived most of- the applause for the grace
and .naturalness of her acting. and added
a few more links of steel to the popular
ity in which she has been held since her
appearance ! with this company.
Frank Mac Vicars, the Cardinal, is a good,
easy going man and one most acceptable
to the lovers as an assistant. -The Louis
Seventh of Thomas Oberle is '.a surpris
ing performance, and rather 'deranges
one's Ideas as to the style of a King who
speaks ; in the delightful chappie dialect,
"Don't you know." It Is a disappoint
ment that Elsie Esmond is cast in a part
that docs not afford her an opportunity
to display her surpassing merit as a
soubrctte. But s=he is welcome just the
same. The comedy has caught on to the
popular appreciation and will continue to
draw good houses for the remainder of
the week.
Held' on Robbery Charge.
Judge Cabaniss yesterday held Harry
Goldsteiii to answer before the Superior
Couit for robbery. The bond was fixed at
J2000. He was accused of knocking down
and robbing F. B. Veirs, a decorator, liv
ing at 1&9 Pine street, at Stockton and
Ellis streets on tho morning of July Z)
and taking a gold watch valued at $100
from him.
Jesse Clarence Campion.* 10 years of
age. ran away from the Peabody School
on Mission street last Friday" afternoon
and his whereabouts is still a mystery.
The Associated Charities is tryinp to lo
cate the missins boy. When he left
srhool Campion was attired in knee trous
ers, checkered black and red: white shirt
waist with deep collar, plaid bow and a
black and white straw hat.
Small Boy Is Hissing.
CHARMING SOUBRETTE WHOSE CLEVER ACT IS THE TALK OF, VAUDEVILLE PATRONS AND ARTISTS
IN COSTUMES AND POSES WHICH WELL ILLUSTRATE THE VARIETY" OF THE PLAYS WHICH ARE
NOW ENTERTAINING AUDIENCES AT THE LOCAL THEATERS. - '
John Smith, a boy IS years of age, came
from the East recently and found a friend
in James Cokley, an old peddler, living at
45 Dame street. Cokley took him to his
hot{ie and kept him there for a few days.
Last Friday Smith stole a purse from the
old man. It contained $135. The victim
notified the police. When Smith was ar
rested the money was found on him with
tho exception of 10 cents. He was charged
with grand larceny, but the charge was
reduced to petty larceny yesterday by Po
lice Judge Cabanlss, and Smith was sent
to the County Jail for slxly days.
Robbed His Benefactor.
Patrick O'Connell. superintendent . cf
horses of the Fire Department, yester
day serured a writ of prohibition from
Judge Sloss to restrain the Fire Com
missioners from interfering In any way
¦with O'Connell in the discharge of his
duties. Fire Commissioner Parry has per-
E'stently sought to have O'Connell re
moved from his position since the time
that O'Connrll testified in the charRC?
agair.st Parry wherein the Fire Commis
sioner was accused cf having sold a colt
belonging to the Fire Department and
keeping the proceeds. The writ of pro
hibition Is returnable to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock before Judse Sloss.
Enjoins Fire Commission.
ing was entirely without provocation.
Scoular -was taken to the Park Police
Station and charged with an as&irlt to
commit murder, and Fira was treated by
Dr. Boskowitz in the Park Emergency
Hospital, who extracted tl»e bullet from
the fleshy portion of the thigh.
Fira, who lives at 5154 Stevenson street,
was removed to a private hcspitaL
W. A. Scoalar While Drunk Hakes
a Target of an Inoffensive
Saloon Porter.
Wtile ir.<Julgfcs in oce of h's periodical
sprees, W. A. Scoular, who rooms at the
Golflcn West Hotel and who Is said to be
a remittance man from Australia, yostcr
<lay sh }t and seriously wounded a Japan
ese naxn<_d Moriklch Fira in the Bismarck
saloon at CM Star; van street. The shoot-
SHOOTS A JAPANESE
WITHOTTT PROVOCATION
Manager Newman of the Russ House
yesterday had his first experience with
the more serious side of managerial re
sponsibilities.. At an early hour in the
morning seven of -the house chamber
maids refused to proceed with their daily
duties unless an advance of salary was
forthcoming, and failing to get it they
walked out of the establishment. An
emergency corps ti composed mainly of
guests of the hotel and headed by Mrs.
Newman, was organized, and within an
hour's time the affairs of the Russ House
were running along smoothly.
Just about the time, however, that Man
ager Newman was congratulating himself
upon the ready manner in which he had
been able to overcome the difficulties that
had confronted him the lunch hour bad
arrived, and with it developed new and
more serious troubles for the new pro
prietor of the hostelry. The waiters had
decided that they should have more
wage3, and so informed Manager New
man. They would not take no for an an
swer, and five minutes after the noon
hour, while guests were pouring into the
dining-room for their meals, the waiters
were filing out through a rear entrance.
Again was \ the quick wit of the man
ager's wife brought into play. Marshaling
her husband, his brother and a score of
clerks, bell boys and porters into line,
she led them into the kitchen, whence
they were deployed out into the dining
room, and with words of encouragement
from- Mrs. Newman, and many of ths
guests the amateur waiters managed to
serve the hotel patrons, who were per
suaded to accept the inconvenience they
experienced In a good-natured way. In
the evening a new crew of waiters had
been secured and the day's troubles for
Newman were at an end.
CHAMBERMAIDS AND
WAITERS ON STRIKE
Russ House Help Walks Out and
Forces Manager Newman to
Issue Emergency Call. )
"On Saturday," she said, "he followed
me from my home, and at Hayes and
Polk streets he pulled a revolver out of
his pocket and said he would kill me. I
took refuge in the doorway of a house
on the corner and some people took me
inside. We heard OroSsman declaring out
side that he would kill me. and I am
afraid he will carry out his threat."
She told the Judge she was married on
July IS, and that ever since then Cross
man has been making her life miserable.
She had known him for five years and
had been engaged to marry him, but they
had a quarrel, after which she married
Vliet.
Mrs. Mary Vliet, 104 Grove street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of Fred
Grossman on a charge of threats against
life. She said Crossman was an electri
cian, employed by the National Electric
Company, and lived at K3 O'Farrell
street.
Mrs. Mary Vliet Secures a Warrant
for the Arrest of Fred
Crossm.an.
DISCONSOLATE IX>VEB
THREATENS HEB LIFE
The second night of the brlgh^ romantic
comedy, "A Royal Family," was wit
nessed by even a larger audience than
that which greeted it on the preceding
evening, and the performance ran as
smoothly as a railway train down hill.
Although cast for a secondary character,
that of the Dowager Queen Ferdinand,
Phosa McAllister remains . the artistic
California.
The wound, while not serious. Is a paln
fi.1 ere and will Inconvenience Miss Kane
fcr several days.
Dr. Armistead, who was in the theater
at the tiynp. was ca!!ed badi of the stage
and after dressing the wound bad Miss
Kane seat to her home.
Tfce actress admitted that the accident
was due to her neglect to folloxr her in
structions ts rehe2r?ed.
In tha closing sceae of the drama
•'Man's Encsiy." ihe play that wxs given
Its first production at the theater last
eight. Gcaevieve Ivane, in the character
of Sarai Drake. Is supposed to be stabbed
to deaih by Henry Shumer, the villain of
the play. In trying to avoid ihe assault
the actress threw up her ana to protect
fcerself just as her assailant made a raur
<Jerous plurjfe with his dafrpcr.
Miss JCaae's movement fcist night was
in coi^lict -with the manier la
which tiiat particular scene was re
hearsed and Shumer realized at ence the
daAser. He palled back his arm to lessen
th* force of the thrust, but sol, hovrever.
before the sharp LLade had reached his
¦victim's arm and had cat an ugly wound.
Miss Kane fell lo the floor as fcer par.
called Sot and remained there quite a few
minutes before the curtain fell. She \rss
taken to her firefslns^-room. where It vrss
fnuad she was bleeding profusely. i
Patrols of the Ccrtral Theater \rit
sesseA a bit ot realism on the rtage at
Jast r.ljht's performance that can* near
CTJdlrvs la a traisedj".
The boy was carried to his home, a
block away, and left to the care of his
little sister. Her young mind grasped
the situation and the emergency spurred
her to action. Without hesitation she
started in search of medical aid. The
boy could not walk, for his foot pained
him and his ankle was already swelling.
With unusual foresight, gentleness and
devotion, she lifted her brother into a
toy wagon and started for the Park
Emergency Hospital, nearly a mile away.
It was a. peculiar party that halted be
fore the door of the hospital In an im
provised ambulance and requested the aid
of the doctor. After his wounds had been
dressed John and his sister departed for
home.
Trembling with fear, her girlish face
wet with tears of anxiety, little Kather
ine Walsh pulled the toy wagon contain
ing her injured brother John up to the
Park Emergency Hospital at 7:30 o'clock
last evening and sought the aid of the
physician in charge. '
Little John had been playing with-some
other children around the McAllister
street cars, and in some unaccountable
manner he fell in front of one that nearly
cost, him his life. The car was quickly
brought to a standstill and the crew,
aided by the passengers, pushed the ve
hicle back and extricated the little fel
low from his perilous position. On ex
amination It was found that his leg had
bten. bruished and his ankle sprained.
Alfred Schiele, a machinist, aged 32
years, who roomed at the home of Mrs.
Julia Schroder at 2026 Folsom street, sent
two pistol balls into his body yesterday
at noon acd died on his way to the City
and County Hospital. Schiele committed
suicide when he was about to be taken
into custody charged with an attempt to
commit an assault on the 15-year-old
daughter of his landlady.
At noon when Mrs. Schroder, at whose
house Schiele had been rooming for the
last feTT years, was away from her home
attending to her duties as a Janitor in one
of the public schools, her. daughter Ber
tha was alone In the house with Schiele,
who was in bed in his room. He asked
the girl i! she would aid him in placing
& plaster on his back, and when she con
sented he attempted to take improper lib
erties vritn her. After making her escape
she inforacd a Mrs. Crosby, who lives
next door, who in turn Informed Corporal
A. F. Ward of the Mission police district.
Ward arsd Patrolman George de Bloise
went to the man's room and rapping on
the door informed him who they were.
As they did so they heard the report of a
pistol shot. They broke Into the room,
ecd just as they were about to reach him
he fired the pistol again into his left tem
ple. He was taken to the City and Coun
ty Hospital in a paUoKwagon, but died
on the way. The first shot entered his
left breast above the heart, and the sec
ond lodged in his brain.
The tender of the We3t Richmond Im
provement Club of $1 per year for twenty
years' lease of two lots on Twenty-third
avenue, near California street, upon which
it is proposed to erect a clubhouse, was
referred to the Finance Committee.
D'Ancona held that the suppression of
the bulletin would look as'though there
is an attempt to conceal the true sanitary
condition In the city, but the Mayor dis
agreed with him and the discussion came
to an end.
"I have vetoed the appropriation for
the bulletin in the budget." said the
Mayor, "and I have refused to sign a de
mand for stationery for the purposs be
cause I think the board haa other funds
it can use."
The board ordered that the dome of tEe
City Hall be illuminated on the night* of
August 17 to 22, Inclusive.
D'Ancona desired to know the status
of the matter of the publication of the
monthly bulletin by the Health Board.
Mayor Schmitz answered that the board
had sufficient money -for the purpose of
printing the monthly bulletin without
making specific provision for it.
Mayor Schmitz then selected Super
visors Loughery, Braunbart and Rea to
act on the -committee.
Mayor Schmitz said he had arranged for
a conference of the interested parties.
It will be held at his office to-mor
row afternoon at 4 o'clock. His Honor
urged the adoption of the resolution, as
it would empower him to appoint a com
mittee of Supervisors that would act in
an official capacity and aid him in an en
deavor to adjust the differences.
Whereas, at present differences exist be
tween the Pactflc States Telephone and Tele
graph Company and certain ot its employes,
known as linemm; and
Whereas a sp**dy termination of tne matter
U cf vital Importance to the interests of this
community, boih public and private: therefore
Resolved. That the Board ! of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco hereby
respectfully calls upon the parties to the con
troversy in a spirit of fairness and with tne
interests of the city in mlad. to amicably
settle the same; and be It further. --'^ '-
Resolved. That his Honor tne Mayor be and
he Is hereby requested to appoint a commiuea
consisting of three members of the Board Vf
Supervisors, whose duty it shaJI be to endeavor
to arrange an early conference with the re
spective Interested parties for the amicable
settlement and adjustment of the existing dif
ferences.
With a view to effecting a settlement of
the differences existing between the Pa
clflc States Telephone Company and Its
striking linemen, the Board of Super
visors yesterday adopted the following
resolutions:
McAllister Street Car Hits
John Walsh and Hurts
His Foot.
Fires Two Shots Into His Body
When Policemen Beach
His Boom.
D'Ancona Tries to Secure
Publication of Health
Bulletin.
GenevievB Kane Is Slashed
by Henry Simmer Dur
ing a Play.
Lee and Fogarty. The advantage In run
ning an opera several weeks was mani
fested by the absolute smoothness of the
whole last evening. "The Highwayman"
will be on during the remainder of the
present week, but will give way to "The
Fortune Teller" next Monday evening,
when Anna Llchter will appear.
Stevens, Myers, Webb, Hartman, Davis,
Alfred Schiele Goe3 to
His Grave to Escape
Disgrace.
Heroic Little Girl Trun
dles Her Brother to
Hospital.
Supervisors Will Co-op
erate With Mayor
on Subject.
' Healism Nearly Ends in
Tragedy at Central
Theater.
STAGE VILLAIN
STABS ACTRESS
TAKES HIS LIFE
TO AVOID ARREST
USES TOY ICON
FOR AMBULANCE
SEEK TO SETTLE
LINEMEN'S STRIKE
THE SAtf FRANCISCO OALIv TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
Merry Comedians- Convulse Audience at riscner s-— Ezra Kendall
Sets Columbia Crowd on a Roar With His % Quips— California
Gives Fine Production of "A Royal Family"— Orpheum Packed
"BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" FURNISHES
BURLESQUERS A FINE OPPORTUNITY
o. ii. unittcr is* lyjnp at tho Eracr
peney Hospital in a precarious condition.
He is suffering from knife wounds which
he is said to have received whilp "pray
fully scuffling" with a bartender in a sa
loon -at the comer of Merchant and
Kearny street?. Whittey refuses to give
the name of his assailant. The police are
investigating.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELEVEN ULCERS
On One Limb Excruciating Palo
Physicians Little Value.
CURED BYCUTICURA
" I wish to say that my mother haa
been a rictlmto nlceis from yaricose
J yeins for thirty-five years. Eleven of
these terrible sores have existed at one
time on the limb affected. Excruciating;
pain and intense suffering was endured
with all sorts of remedies on trial and
nnmberless physician's calls and pre-
scriptions applied, but all practically
with but little benefit. However, at
last the remedial agent was foand In
Cuticnra Ointment which surely proved
its weight in sold, alleviating pain and
causing healing processes to commence
and a cure speedily effected.
"She has also used the Cuticnra
Ointment with marked benefit in ery-
sipelas of the face and eczema. The
Cuticnra Soap has also established a
record only as the best; cleansing, puri-
fying and healing In its nature, hav-
ing proved itself a most excellent and
valuable auxiliary to the Caticura Oint-
ment. I would remark that this tes-
timonial is entirely unsolicited, being a
voluntary contribution for humanity's
sake, and the commendation of the
Cutlcura Bemedles to the fullest con-
fidence, being satisfied of their purity,
genuineness and almost miracles
¦v H. L. Morse,
March 26, 1833. Cabot, Vt.
JUST 5 YEARS LATER
Mr. Horse Writes, March 4,1903,
that Mother Could Not Live
Without Cutlcura.
'• Your letter of the 28th February
received and will say'in reply that my
mother having used Caticnra Ointment
for twenty years or more, and havis?
used other remedies, has found that no
other remedy will ease the pain tnd
heal varicose ulcers like the Cuticur*
Remedies. Mother sajs she could not
live without them."
H. L. Mobsi.
i No one ever deserts the Caticura
Soap, Ointment or Pills. Once used,
always used. In fact they have become
domesticated in every household they
have entered.
1 Sold throazhoat &• »ecU. Cntleotm ItMahrimt. *>e.
frTtoi fciiTf ClSwUU Co.** rill^ tie. per *fi»t •*.
hntmnLMe. so«D t5c Depot*: Londoa. V Charter.
IlastweekiI
2 GREAT S
g SACRIFICE O
! Auction!
1 PERSIAN I
i RUGS I
• DAILY. AT 2:30 P. M. •
J* Positively your last chance to buy 2l
•J rare antiques at your own price b<- 5
9 ti ro my Ue^arture. 9
! mihran's !
|205 Post St. !
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
If Colonial Chairs and Rockers ]
1 at 25 Per Cent Off. \
M Now is a good time to pick up a, few odd pieces i ;
| for the den, hall or general use. We have taken 25 i :
|:« per c*nt off the regular price of every Colonial chair I
¦¦jj and rocker in the store. They are made on quaint, i
M Colonial lines of dull mahogany, with heavy rush I
d scats. They are odd, yet beautiful ; strong but not r!
ji cumbersome. Glad to show them to you any time, i
: ..8 iioss • Iron. Beds t
\ 11 Mattresses Reduced I
\ V At lower prices now. It Just a few to be closed =- :
I is a part of a plan to get out . |
'A vou acquainted with our ~,, >' f ! ,. £
! Silk Floss Mattresses. If l»ey are splendid beds |
I I you buy one you'll buy in b^autiful designs and $
\ I two — that's why we enamel is ,thc kind that ;. :
\ p make these low introduc- wears. We have them •'
I g tory prices. Tncse mat- i n both the- double bed I
K tresses arc made of the nnA 4U . '¦¦¦
I best silk floss and put to- !! d .size. \
\ fi gcthcr right. lncv were considered *
! 1 $7.00 Single Mattresses s P ccial values at the reg- |
jj $8.00 Three-quarter Mat- .$25.00 Beds now.. $17.50
•^ tresses now $6.25 $29.00 Beds now. .$23:50 .1
[1 $10.00 Full-size Mat- $28.00 Beds now. .$23.00 ?
|( tresses now $7.50 $14.00 Beds now. .$10.00 H