VOLUME XC1V—NO. 174.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
CHICAGO IS AGAIN QUIET
AHD THE STREET RAILWAY
STRIKE MAY END TO-DAY
REYES DECLARES
COLOMBIANS ARE
IN BELLICOSE MOOD
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 20— Hon. John A.
Hockaday. Judge of the Ninth Judicial
Circuit, who has been a prominent Ju
rist In Missouri for twenty years and
was presiding Judge in the trial of Ed
ward Butler at Columbia one year ago,
filed to-day at Mullanpby Hospital.
The body will be taken to Fulton, the
aosne of Judge Hockaday, for burial.
Well Known Jurist Dies.
Well-Xnoiro Composer Dies.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. CO.— Hart P.
Dank?, a musical composer of national
repute and formerly a noted- singer.
was found dead to-day In his boarding
house here. He was 79 years old.
Danks was the composer of many old
time songs. Including "Silver Threads
Among the Gold."
Harvey Rice Dies at Suisun.
SUISUN, Nov. 20.— Harvey Rice, &
well-known resident and a large^rop
erty owner, died at his home here to
day at the age of 84 years., He was a
single man and had no near relatives
in- California. ,
Brother of Comptroller of New York
V Is Held Up" by a Highway^ ~ *?*
¦ ¦',<*¦- ¦- . ¦-..--;¦
man. " - j ; - -_- • ¦
OGDEN, Utah, Nov.' 20.— Charles H.
Grout, brother of ", 'Comptroller* "Grout
of s New York, was held ;up; last^nigtit
and robbed of $6 and a gold .watch.^Th'e
robbers" escaped. ' Mr. ; . Grout I is
tary-treasurer: of /a'i commission' house
arid ; was on his v way home when the
robbery, occurred. • {
ROBBERS -\ SECURE ; SIX . { / . r
U. ' DOLLARS ; FROM i TREASURER
FORT WORTH, \ Texl. Nov. . 20 —The
National Livestock Exchange ':: to-day
elected George W.. Shannon of Chicago
president. St.- Louis was chosen for the
convention of 1904. The report of the
committee on' retrenchment, which was
adopted. reco~mmended that ¦ local live
stock exchanges, composing the*mem
bership of th~e" national body,, a d O p t
rules abolishing solicitors ' for commis
sion '-men and . abolishing the .paying of
shippers' telegrams. "These changes are
regarded as the" most radical in. the his
tory of the exchange.
National Order Decides, to Abolish
Solicitors and the Payment r of
Shippers' Telegrams. - -
LIVESTOCK EXCHANGE
ADOPTS RADICAL CHANGE
MARSHALLTOWN, la., Nov. 20.—
Compelled to remain in their homes un
der threat of being shot, the residents
of the village of Green Mountain, ten
miles north cf here, heard three explo
eiGTis before daylight this morning. The
explosions wrecked the Green Mountain
Bank building. Three robbers ran
through the streets, warning the people
to keep Indoors and shooting wherever
a light appeared. The robbers secured
SiOOO and escaped on a handcar.
After Blowing Up a Bank Bandits
Warn People to Stay
Indoors.
ROBBERS "USE DYNAMITE
TO FRIGHTEN CITIZENS
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— The Twentieth
United States Infantry, which has been
stationed at Fort- Sheridan, left to-day
for San Francisco, on the way to the
Philippines. The regiment will stay in
the Eastern islands two years. Four
special trains . carry the regiment,
which has 1000 men with cooks, sur
geons, nurses and other attendants.
The troops will sail from San Francisco
December 1. Colonel William S. Mc-
Caskey Is In command.
Regulars Start to Philippines Frora
Fort Sheridan in Four Special
Trains.
TWENTIETH INFANTRY
TRAVELS IN COMFOBT
EUGENE, Or. Nov. 20.— A report was
brought here to-day from the mouth
of the Sluslaw River that the tug
Ocean Spray had gone ashore near
there, but that she had not been dam
aged. Further than this nothing can
be learned regarding the mishap.
The mouth of the Siuslaw is about
100 miles due west of Eugene.- Or.,
which is its nearest point of communi
cation. It has neither telegraph nor
telephone, its sole means of access be
ing by wagon road and small coasting
vessels that stop there occasionally.
Siusla-w River Is i Scene of tho Dis
aster, but Particulars Are
Meager.
TUG OCEAN SPRAY GOES ..
ASHORE ON OREGON COAST
Amidtables on which' lay a score* of
human bodies, many of which had been
disfigured by ; the students' knife, 'the
firemen fought the blaze, which proved
to be a stubborn one.* The south wing
of three too floors of the building was
destroy ed. Interior decorations and fur
nishings which cost upward of $150,000
were marred and water-soaked..
CHICAGO, Nov. 2O.-The law and
medical department of the Northwest
ern University narrowly escaped de
struction to-day. The flames started
from a defective electric wire on the
fourth floor of the building, which was
formerly, the Tremont House.' and af
ter burning out a; lecture room crept
up an elevator shaft to the seventh
floor, where a clinic room was destroy
ed. The loss Is 535,000. - *
Firemen Fight Heroically to.Sava
Northwestern University
Building.
MEDICAL SCHOOL IS
•/... ••;; ' DAMAGED BY FIRE
The theory of the Coroner's jury was
that some person had deliberately
planned the murder and arranged to
give the killing the appearance of sui
cide. Saunders carried 52000 insurance
in the Order of Artisans, and under the
terms of his policy his family can re
cover nothing If his death was self-in
flicted. In this Sheriff Colbath finds the
reason for the attempt to give the kill-
Ing the appearance of murder.
Sheriff Colbath says that Saunders
carried^ the extra revolver fully loaded
I and dropped the one with which he
fired the shot for the purpose of mak
ing it seem Improbable thnt the re
volver which fired the shot was his.
For a similar purpose, says Colbath,
he fired into his left temple wipi his
right hand, while he clutched a hand
kerchief In his left hand. Several times
during the evening, Saunder? -remarked
having seen a strange man who acted
queerly and had a false beanl. Sheriff
Colbath was unable to find "any one In
ButtevlUe who had seen; a stranger in
town that day and he believes that
story was made up by Saunders to lend
color to the murder theory. •
.Mr. Colbath says there are powder
marks on Saunders' face, showing that
the revolver was held dose when it
was flre£
SALEM. Ore., Nov. 20.— Although the.
Coroner's Jury decided that L. B. Saun
ders, the agent for Lilienthal & Co.. the I
hop buyers, was murdered by persons
unknown, it seems certain that the
dead man deliberately planned to com
mit suicide in such a way tha't it would
appear that he had been killed by rob
bers.
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
Lilienthal's Agent
Fakes Murder i
. . Evidence.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 20.— The
steamer George R. Vosburg arrived at
Astoria from Tlllamook late Wednesr
day night and reported that she had
attempted to tow the schooner C. A.
Klose from there to the Columbia Riv
er, when, arriving outside, an easterly
gale was blowing and she had to drop
the schooner and could hardly get in
side herself. The C. A. Klose recently
left San Francisco in tow of the steam
schooner Acme, but during a gale off
Tillamook the hawser parted and to
prevent going ashore the schooner was
headed into Tillamook Bay, which she
reached In safety.
Now she is again out alone in an off
shore gale. She Is a fiat bottomed craft
and Is . unable to make any headway
to windward, so she will probaoly keep
going until she falls In with a south
erly or -westerly wind to drive her back.
She Is under charter to load lumber
at the mills of the Tongue Point Lum
ber Company for San Francisco.
Strong Off-Shore Gale and Heavy
Seas Buffet the C. A.
' SKlose.
STEAMER REPORTS SCHOONER
IN". TROUBLE WITH ELEMENTS
O'Day Is said to have stolen thlrty
flve head of, "C Y" horses and is now
at a rendezvous near Kaycee in the
Powder River country >y where he "has
prepared to give the officers a fight.
Sheriff Webb' and his men left Wednes
day night, determined- to bring in
O'Day dead or aliye. . - . - i ¦/
O'Day is an expert with the rifle and
Is known to be one of the most desper
ate men In the West. It is certain that
he will fight before submitting to ar-i
rest and that' means that* a* bloody:
battle, will be fought. People in
Carpar are getting anxious, for , it;
was known yesterday that, {he officers
were close upon O'Day and his party. .
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Nov. 20.— A re
port reached Caspar to-night that a
battle was imminent between Sheriff
Webb and posse of Natrona county and
Tom O'Day, the notorious desperado
and ex-member of the Curry gang of
train robbers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOP BUYER'S
DEATH DUE
TO OWN SHOT
VI may propose when in "Washington
a plan contemplating the re-entrance of
Panama Into the Colombian Union and
the moving of the Colombian capital to
Panama City. I am sure that this idea
will receive the . support "of all Colom
bians. ' " I ¦• do not \ Just know what my
course of action \ will be, but *I ami go
ing to .Washington in the .Interests' of
Colombia' and I of civilization."
;f Asked ./ whether Colombian . troop's
could ' reach ' the/ isthmus by L land, Gen-_
eral rieyes answered :j,"Yes:. I can get a
hundred thousand men; build roads and,
if It "were not" for the 5 Americans, > could
subdue (the* isthmus . In -a "fortnight. ,' I
"would! rather -die* for ; the honor; and j in
the' defense of the integrity of my.coun
try I than : sit vwlth s hands - f olded and see
her lose the isthmus.- I will do all I can
at '- Washington , to effect a diplomatic
.; "The Government of Colombia is re
ceiving the sympathy of all South
America, which is fearful of further
American "territorial aggrandizement in
this \ direction.
"Colombia Is In desperation. I doubt
if the Washington government or Pres
ident Roosevelt, for whom I have the
highest respect, realizes the seriousness
of establishing this precedent. The
large German colony in Rio Grande do
Sul, Brazil, Is declared to be inclining
a • revolutionary movement for inde
pendence, which the success of Panama
will* stimulate. • ;^;#/'
COLOMBIA IS DESPERATE.
' <Tnl s morning Admiral Coghlan In
formed me* officially that the United
States would prevent "the landing of
Colombian troops on any part of the
isthmus. . I promised Admiral Coghlan
that Colombia would not take such ac
tion until I reached "Washington, whith
er I am proceeding via Port Umon and
New Orleans. . _ '. .
"I also told Admiral Coghlan that If
my efforts at "Washington * failed to
bring about some action concerning the
present situation on the isthmus satis
factory to Colombia the United States
would have to,flzht the entire, Colom-,
bian people and' that it»would be a sec
ond Boer war.
¦ «I am going to Washington for the
purpose of ; doing my utmost to amica
bly arrange affairs.
COLON, Nov. 20.— After much diffi
culty a press correspondent succeeded
this afternoon in Interviewing General
Reyes, the distinguished Colombian sol
dier, who came to the Isthmus on' a
peace mission representing his Govern
ment. General Reyes said: : .
"The day I left Bogota,, which "was
on the Hth lnst., United States Minis
ter Beaupre and Secretary of Legation
Snyder were well, though a little anx
ious. I assured your Minister that he
was in no danger, and to-day I am'able
to give the same assurance to the presa.
At the time I left Minister Beaupre wia
preparing to go down the river.
Gun Fight Expect
edWithHorse- \
Thief.
SALINAS, Nov. 20.— There threatens
to be serious trouble in Chinatown be
tween Japanese and Chinese over the
forcible abduction this morning about
8 o'clock of a 12-year-old girl. Gut Harr
daughter of Ling How, a widow. Joe
I. Tanaka, a Japanese, said to be an ex
convict, is the culprit. As was her cus
tom, the little girl arose early, lit a fire
and began sweeping the street in front
of her house. While so employed Tan
aka drove up In a buggy, seized; and
placed her therein, then drove off rap
idly. The mother noticed the girl's ab
sence, but thought she had gone to the
postofnee, but when she did not return
at 10 o'clock the mother notified the
Sheriff, who sent out an alarm. Inves
tigations set on foot show that Tanaka
hired a buggy yesterday at Gilroy for
four days and that this 'morning at
10:30 he was in Gilroy with a little girl
and had his horse changed. Then he
started north. Chinese here offer $50
reward for the return of the girl and
say If harm has been done her. they will
kill Tanaka and all his associates. The
Chinese Japanese Consuls General
have bfc«>n ; notified. •
Boldly Steals Child, Drives to Gil
roy, and Race Feud Is
Brewing.
JAPANESE ABDUCTS YOUNG
CHINESE GIRL AT SALINAS
PROMINENT ME.V IN COUNCIL,
ENDEAVORING TO SETTLE
CHICAGO STRIKE.
Ready to Fight to
Uphold Their
Dignity;
- General Reyes to-day sent - a cable
gram to Bogota advising his Govern
ment that It wa3, impossible to reach
any agreement with the Government of
Panama and hence that Colombia's re
lations; with that Government were
severed* and that he, accomoanied by
the other commissioners, was proceed
ing to "Washington to fulfill his mis
sion. .Questioned as to the rumor that
the departments of Cauca and Antio
qula were anxious to Join the republic
of Panama, General Reyes said:
"The report of dissatisfaction in these
departments Is not. only untrue, but I
am 1 prepared to say the entire republic
REYES STILL BELLICOSE.
arrangement ~ if \ such be possible. I
know, the sentiments of my country
men."
, The statements made by Commander
.Hubbard give a* detailed official de
scription of what already has been told
In. the. press dispatches.
•*» In concluding his report Commander
Hubbard incloses a letter, dated N6
vember - 9, from _ Commander Diehl of
the Boston, at - Panama, who repeats
the substance of an interview he had
the previous day with the British Vice
Consul, 'Mr. Rhodes, and the agent of
the Pacific Steam Navigation Company,
Mr. Peebles, regarding the British ships
Manivl and Quito, th$n at Buena Ven
tura. The British Vice Consul ex
pressed the belief that there was dan
ger, of x these vessels being seized by
the Colombians to be used as trans
ports, and' that If they started with
troops under convoy of the Colombian
gunboat Bogota the provisional govern
ment at Panama would send out gun
boats : and sink them.
• Commander ; Diehl adds: "I told, him
to keep, me informed of the movements
of the steamers and I would attend to
the . matter." v '{':*;£
. Commander Diehl says he requested
Senor Qbarrio, who controls both the
army and the navy for the provisional
government of Panama, not to move
hlg gunboats for any . hostile purpose.
This was acceded to by Senor Obarrlo,
who at the same time pointed out that
if the Colombian forces ejected a land-
Ing at some distance from Panama, say
In Parita Bay. at the villages of Chlri
qul or Tomasillo, which he thought
probable, it would result in a long cam
paign to dislodge them, with possible
defeat at the end.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The Navy
Department to-day made public the
report of Commander John Hubbard,
commanding the Nashville, on the re
cent operations of the men under him
at Colon since the revolution on the
Isthmus of Panama was started. The
reports -cover the threatened firing on
the city; of Colon by the Colombian
troops .under General Torres, which
was prevented, by Commander Hub
bard, and the arrival and subsequent
departure I of the Colombian gunboat
Cartagena with 400 or 500 troops
aboard.
DESPERADO
NOW AWAITS
THE BATTLE
Report of Hub bard
Made Public at
Capital. •
AMERICAN NAVAL. OFFICER AND
A GENERA1. ; 'IN • THE ARMY OF '
COLOMBIA.
Second — That the company shall
formulate the methods by which griev
ances of its employes shall be adjusted
In the future.
The understanding is that the com
pany laid down these two proposals as
the basic principles that must be
granted by the union before further
negotiations could be entered upon.*,!. •
Darrow submitted the company's
proposition to the union, after which
he said that the strikers had accepted
the proposal of the company with Im
material modifications.
In their turn the men submitted a
proposition on the routing of cars. This
is the matter that will come before the
board of directors of the company to
morrow for its consideration.
Mayor Harrison and his Aldermanic
peace commission, after laboring for
three days, succeeded to-day in getting
a representative of each of the contend
ing parties to meet In conference. All
th£ conferences heretofore have been
separate, but at the suggestion of May
or Harrison this afternoon the oppos
ing sides agreed to meet. E. R. Bliss,
general counsel for the company, was
authorized by President Hamilton to
act for the company, and Clarence S.
¦ Darrow, counsel for the strikers, was
given authority to act for the strikers.
•An hour later the two attorneys held
a conference in the office of Colonel
Bliss and discussed a basis of settle
ment. The result of the conference
will' be submitted to the directors of
the road to-morrow morning for full
action. The decision of the board of
directors will then be sent to Mayor
Harrison and the Aldermanic commis
sion, who will submit it to the execu
tive board of the strikers' union.
After the conference between Bliss
and Darrow it was learned that the
company had made two propositions
to the- union. Colonel Bliss submitting
them to Darrow. The propositions
were:. First — That the company shall
have the right to discipline and dis
c*harge its employes as it shall choose,
¦but this shall not be construed to mean
that any discrimination is made
against union men or non-union men.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— But two points
, prevented a peaceable adjustment of
the Chicago City Railway strike to-day
and the indications to-night are that
•these obstacles will be finally over
come and that a settlement will be
reached to-morrow. A virtual cessa
ti&n of hostilities has been declared' by
both sides while tho present peace ne
gotiations are in progress, and as all
the interested parties appear to be
makir,g every effort to bring the strug
gle to an end there seems likelihood
that all differences will be modified to
such, a degree that arbitration will
follow.
Two Minor Points
Remain to Be
. Settled.
The Grand Duchess of Coburg, moth
er of the divorced Grand Duchess of
Hesse and of the Czarina, is using all
her influence to utilize the present sad
event to bring about a reconciliation
between her daughter and the Grand
Duke of Hesse.
Her efforts have availed nothing so
far, since the mother of the dead
Princess is said to be too deeply in love
with Grand Duke Cyril of Russia, her
cousin, who may some time mount the
throne of Russia, to accept any pos
sible overtures from ¦ her former hus
band.
This was evident at the funeral when
the divorced pair touched hands across
the coffin of their child and then went
apart as before the affliction that had
brought them face to face for the first
time in three years.
It had been said by the physicians
that the symptoms resembled cholera,
and later the official statement was
amended to appear that the Princess
had died of a particularly malignant
attack of typhoid fever.
The accounts given of the Illness of
the Princess tally with the suggestions
of poison, but not with that of typhoid
fever, which was latterly announced as
the cause of death.
BERLIN. Nov. 20.— Sinister rumors
came from Skiernewice, Poland, ac
counting for the sudden death of little
Princess Elizabeth of Hes3e, niece of
the Czarina of Russia, at the moment
of a family reunion. The little Princess
and her father were guests at Skierne
wice of the Czar and Czarina, and it
is now said that an attempt was made
to poison the whole royal party.
The Princess was the only victim, al
though the Czarina was made very ill
and the Czar was more or less affected
by the poison. There was some wonder
that the Czar and Czarina did not at
tend the funeral of their niece, but .it
is now explained that they were too 111
to be present.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Judge Roesch said he had no doubt
the kidnapers had become so alarmed
that they had decided to do all they
could to prevent a further Investiga
tion. The Justice has purchased a re
volver.
The Justice himself had the night be
fore received a letter /which gave him
no little concern. The letter received
to-day looked precisely, like the others.
The envelope was addressed in a fair,
round hand, far different from the dis
torted and disguised hand in which the
main body of the letter., was written. •
All the residents of /the . building soon
knew, of its receipt anjjjfor a while r tt(e
nelghborhovd sh^rdr "In the r terror.*
Several Italians agreed that^ the letter
is In the Neapolitan dialect and that in
meaning is as follows :-'"Father Cirrin
gione: More explanations. No more
talk. You lose your life. Same as this
made to Judge Roesch. Save your life.
Now will be against you. (Signed)
A. B. C."
NEW YORK, Nov. ,20.— Terrified by
another threatening letter. received to
day from the dread Mafia, the father
of the Rev. Joseph Cirringione declar
ed that he would gladly abandon all ef
forts to bring the kidnapers of his son
to punishment if they 'would only de
sist from sending threats. There are
daily hints from the- Mafia now and
the house of the pries.t and his father
is in a state of terror.- .
The last effusion was delivered at 8
o'clock this morning and became the
subject of official attention this after-^
noon, when it was taken to Civil Jus
tice Roesch.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Police Are Inclined to Be
lief That Kidnapers ¦
Are -Frightened.
Emperor and Empress Are
Stricken, but Quickly
Recover.
Daring Attempt Made
to Stop Further
Investigation.
Probable Attempt to
Poison Whole Royal
Family,
Mystery in Death
of Elizabeth
of Hesse.
Father of Missing
Priest Is Now
Threatened,
FEARS MAFIA
WILL TRY TO
MURDER HIM
SEEK CZAR,
BUT KILL
PRINCESS
. IBB TELEA.TXUS. y', ««^
Alcazar— "TCia itUnb's^Baby." /
California "Sftjgfrpfc&M.?
Central' — Tadctlis P*Ur Star."
"Xri*." : ~
Columbia — Matin* •
Benefit fa Aid of Theatrical"
Manaffers' Charity FTmrt.
Plscher's — "Eubea and Boies."
Grand — "B«n Hut." ¦/ .-;¦-
Orpheura — Vaudeville.
Tee Csntes — "Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.
The San Francisco Call.
~ ? * T2CB "WX ATH2D5L
~ - K * ¦
rcrecsjrt xrtiui* at Baa ftiB>
ciico f ox ¦ thirty boors «a&ixix
mirtatgfct. XTorembax 81 1
8sa Pr&acisoo and ,vic£aitx-—
Cloudy. tuurettlBd weather S»V
nrfiay, with oecasloaal mixowtst;
i reai soTtthtrly wlaAi.
A. O. aCoASZS,
District For«cast«r.CARDIFF. Wales,' Nov. 20.— Joseph
Chamberlain addressed a great au
dience here to-night. On his arrival in
this city, he was greeted enthustically,
thousands of persons lining the car
riage route from the railway station to
the town hall. The hall was packed,
and 'surrounded by hundreds who were
unable to sain admission.
Chamberlain Is Popular.
Resume Debate on French Budget.
PARIS, Nov. 20.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day debate was continued
on the budget estimates for the sup
port of the Foreign Office. M. d'Estour
nelles de Constant protested against
the imputation that those who Initi
ated the 'policy pt arbitration were ad
vocates of immediate disarmament.
They believe it essential J.o arrest the
steady Increase of European arma
ments, but they realized that this
should be done gradually.
CREW OF DISABLED METEOR
ARRIVES IN SEATTLE
Steamship . Eureka Brings News of
Disaster and Sailor Sur
. *. :' vivors.
SEATTLE, Nov. 20. — The steamship
Eureka, Captain John O'Brien, which
picked ud the disabled freighter Me
teor in Bering Sea and towed her to
Dutch Harbor, arrived this evening
from the latter port. She brought
twenty-two of the Meteor's crew, In
cluding First Officer Harrlman, who,
with three sailors, made his way to
Nome in an open boat, conveying the
intelligence of the disaster to the ves
sel. Captain Ames, master, and nine
of the crew are still with the Meteor,
which is to be towed to this port
Off Cape Flattery, the Eureka ran
into southeasterly gales, which held
her three days before she could enter
the straits.
RUSSIANS ARE SARCASTIC.
Editors Write of Acts of United
States in Panama.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 20.— The
officials of the Foreign Office eay Rus
sia doubtless will recognize Panama
in due time and will welcome the con
struction of a neutral canal, as her
commerce will share , in , the general
benefit derived therefrom.
A portion of the Russian press is sar
castic in the tone of its comments on
the part played by the United States
in Panama. The Novoe Vremya re
gards .the whole proceeding as being
the last evidence needed to prove the
imperialistic tendency of the United
States. . It intimates that \t will be
another Roman empire and recalls
Lord Palmerston's remark: "Who con
trols the Pacific controls the world."
The paper scoffs at the Idea of the
neutrality of the Panama canal in time
of war in which the United States is
Involved, if the canal Is built by the
United States, on the ground that the
canal will be subj ect ' to her sover
eignty.
Battleship Ordered to Colon.
NEW YORK, Nov. 20.— Orders to
proceed to Colon have been given to
the commanders of , the • battleships
Kearsarge and Massachusetts, which
are now at Brooklyn navy yard.' All
officers : have been telegraphed for and
those who are here have been told they
must remain on board. Stores and
ammunition are being taken on day
and night.
Emperor Will -Not Visit Rome.
ROME.Nov.. 20.— The rumor' to the
effect that Count Nigra, the Italian
Embassador to Austria, is in Rome ar
ranging for a visit to the Italian capi
tal " of Emperor Joseph, is entirely un
founded.'
RECOGNITION FROM FRANCE.
PARIS, Nov. 20.— The text of Foreign
Minister Delcasse's note to * United
States Minister Porter, acknowledging
the receipt of the information that the
American Government had! recognized
the government of Panama, which was
cabled yesterday to the State Depart
ment at Washington, \ adds: .
"On its side the French Government
has decided to recognize the republic
of Panama and has consequently au
thorized its agent at i Panama to enter
into official relations with the new
state.
Yellow Fever in Texas.
LAREDO, Texas, . Nov. , 20.— The offlcial
yellow fever bulletin issued to-night
shows: .' ;.-'•. • ., c_
.'. New cases, 19; deaths,' none; total num
ber of cases to date, 1001;. total number of
deaths to date, 06.
A . Guaranteed Cure : for Piles.
Itching. Blind, . Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist ' will ¦;¦ refund \ money if ,v pazo
Ointment falls to curt you In 8 to 1« d&yi. 00c*
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 20.—Per
ry Queenan of Seattle and Charles Sie
ger of New York fought twenty rounds
to a draw to-night before a big crowd.
Queenan had the' best of the bout most
of the rounds. Sieger was very strong
and forced the fighting for the first few
rounds. Then Queenan took the heavy
end and all but had Sieger out. The
"iron man" came up pretty fresh In the
eighteenth and was in no danger to the
end of the fight.
Draw for Queenan and Sieger.
PARIS, Nov. 20.— Official advices
from Constantinople confirm previous
reports to the effect that the Russian
and. Austrian Embassadors there have
jointly Informed the Porte that unless
an acceptance of their recent reform
proposals for Macedonia is given to
day they will apply directly to the
Sultan for his response.
WANT PORTE TO ANSWER.
The McKinley Orphanage, whose quar
ters are. at 3841 Nineteenth street, en-
Joyed its annual Thanksgiving enter
tainment at Trinity Methodist Episco
pal Church last evening. Though the
weather was anything but inviting, a
large number of friends of the orphan
age and members of Trinity Church
congregation gathered to assist in mak
ing the bright little parentless children
believe that at any rate they are not
without friends.
Their gladdened eyes looked upon
huge parcels of dainties and bags of
fruit and packages of toys arranged at
the foot of Trinity's pulpit which had
been deposited by thoughtful people
for the edification of the orphans.
The Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, pastor of
Trinity Methodist Church; Matron L.
R. Courneen, Mrs.- Haskell, Mrs. J.
Lewis, Miss P. Allen and Miss L. E.
Best had charge of the tots, forty in
number, the balance of the little ones,
numbering twenty, not being allowed to
venture out owing to the trying
weather.
ADDRESS OF WEI*C0ME.
"With a bright song of welcome by the
children, the programme opened- and
then followed a gracefully delivered ad
dress of welcome by Mollle Davis. Fan
nie Waits and Gussie Hall then gave
evidence of the vocal talent of the or
phanage by singing the duet, "Home
Eternal." and then came a recitation
entitled "Five Little Fairies," delivered
In a most intelligent manner by tiny
Miss Ella Dullon. Reta Fisher fol
lowed with a song. "Up, Up In the Sky."
and Mary Springer came next with the
appropriate recitation. "Thanksgiving."
¦ Much to the delight of the audience
Mollle Davis and Viola Klose rendered
the duet, "What Does, Little Birdie
Say?" and then the orphans were
marched to the platform and saner
"Tiny Little Snowflakes" prettily, win
ning a storm of plaudits. Other chil
dren who distinguished themselves
were Esther Klose, one of the pets of
the orphanage, who delights in the
nickname "Mousie": Allan Davis, Liz
zie Entzmlnger, Victoria Brooker and
Llllie" Davis.
FEATURE OF EVENING.'
One of the features of the evening
was the increase of the audience dur
ing the course, of the entertainment,
eaqh visitor bringing offerings for the
orphans, and as the packages of good
things were handed to Dr. Wilson they
were piled up beside the pulpit with
the presents that had been received ear
lier In the day. It was suggested that a
collection might be made for the or
phanage and after the plates had been
passed round a- goodly sum, It was
found, had been donated. The Rev. Dr.
Wilson expressed his gratitude on be
half of the little ones, who were all
smiles and happy in contemplating the
fine things that await their appetites
on the forthcoming Thanksgiving day.
Salmon Record Is Broken.
REDDING, Nov. 20.— The manage
ment of the United States fishery on
Battle Creek In this county predicts
that the take of salmon eggs this sea
son will exceed that of 1898,< when 48,
000,000 eggs were taken and the Battle
Creek flBhery was made the largest
salmon egg taking station in the world.
Already more than '25,000.000 eggs have
been taken this season, 2,560,000 in one
day. It is figured that the total take
will reach 65,000,000 this season. Sal
mon are so thick that the use of ordi
nary : rlfets V is impossible, so fish are
dipped In ¦ hand nets.
ment. *
CAPE HAYTIEN, Nov. 20.— A rumor
is current here that the people In the
south of the republic who were in favor
of Jlminez have pronounced against
him.
Several engagements between Gov
ernment troops and insurgents, have
taken place. V-\- ',
SAN DOMINGO, Nov. 19.— The French
cruiser Juriu de la Graviere arrived
here to-day and landed guards for the
protection of the consulate. Severe
.fighting was begun to-day. The insur
gents are bombarding the town, and
their attack is being vigorously resist
ed by the forts. No great injury has so
far been done.
The United States cruiser Baltimore
will be compelled to leave Saturday,
and another American warship is anx
iously expected. Fighting continues to
the south, but the results so far as
known are favorable to the Govern-
Reports Bombarding, Severe Fight
ing and Jiminez's Loss of
Friends.
PRENCH CRUISER BRINGS
NEWS OF CIVIL WAR
Will Give Banquet.
. The St. Andrew's Society will cele
brate the forty-first anniversary of the
organization of that society by giving a
banquet at the Palace Hotel on Mon
day evening. November 30.
SYNOPSIS OF THE TREATY.
Important Articles in the Convention
N With the New Republic.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— Although
the entire ' Hay-Bunau-Varilla treaty
has in substance been published the
Associated Press publishes herewith
the text of the first five articles of the
convention, which have to do with sov
ereignty:
Article I. The United States guaran
tees and will maintain the independence
of the republic 'of Panama,
Article II. The republic of Panama
grants to the United States !n perpetu
ity the use, occupation and control of
the zone of land and land under water
for the construction, maintenance,
operation, sanitation and protection of
caid canal of the width of ten miles,
extending to the distance of five miles
on each side of the' center line of the
canal to be reconstructed; the' said
rone beginning in the Caribbean Sea,
three marine miles from mean • low
water mark, and extending to and
across the isthmus of Panama Into the
Pacific Ocean to a distance of three
marine miles from- mean* low water
mark, with the proviso that the cities
of Panama and Colon and the harbors
adjacent, to ..said , citles,-;whteh:.are- in-,
eluded within the boundaries 'of the
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 20.— The county
board has decided to sue the First Pres
byterian church to make it pay»the de
linquent taxes amounting to over $1000.
One of the trustees, W. McCamont, un
dertook to fix up with a Deputy County
Clerk, the late XV. G. Stimson. two years
ago. Stimson interpolated in the Journal
of County Commissioner a forged order
which pretends to authorize the settle
ment of the taxes for $500. and McCamont
in behalf of the church paid this amount
to Stimson. The latter pocketed the
whole sum and the county never received
a dollar of it. No petition for a com
promise of the taxes was ever presented
to the County "Board and none of its mem
bers had any knowledge of any money
having been paid by the church. The
whole transaction between McCamont
ami Stimson vas surrounded by suspi
cious circumstances, which might have
put the former upon his guard, but he
made no inauiries and Stimson got the
money.
Novel Action for Taxes Will De
mand Attention of the
Courts.
OREGON COUNTY BOARD
WILL SUE A CHURCH
McGuire was arrested some time ago
and pleaded guilty to his share of the
crimes, and Boylan will now have to
explain his share in the proceedings.
The arrest was effected by Policeman
Frank Smith.
William Boylan was arrested yester
day and two charges of grand larceny
entered against him at the City Prison.
It is claimed that Boylan, in company
with a man named Philip McGulre, has
been giving storekeepers In the Mission
a great deal of trouble lately. It is al
leged It was the custom of the pair to
enter a store together, and while one
of them engaged the proprietor in con
versation the other would slip behind
the counter and rob the money drawer
of its contents.
Arrested for Robbing Tills.
McKinley Orphanage Is
Given Thanksgiv
ing 1 Treat.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 20.—
Charlie Selger, the^'Iron Man," of New
York, to-night went through a repeti
tion of his experience with Britt in
San Francisco. His punishment was
not so severe, but Perry Queenan had
it" over him all the way for twenty
rounds. Seiger showed up well until
the sixth, but after that, although the
Eastern man did m.ost of the leading,
Queenan had him outpointed. Selger
stood the punishment Hvithout murmur
and certainly took a lot of it. In the
seventeenth he was all but out. Both
men fought a fierce finish, but neither
was strong enough to land a knockout.
Perry Queenan and Charlie Seiger
Show Vancouver Good Fight of
Many Rounds.
IRON MAN OF NEW YORK
TAKES MUCH PUNISHMENT
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 20.— John
L. Means, a well-known mining man of
this section, has died in a Los Angeles
hospital, leaving his mining properties,
amounting to $30,000, to Mrs. Lucy An
drews of San Francisco. Means was an
old-time prospector, who was taken ill
several weeks ago. At the time of his
illness he was poor, despite his rich
possessions, his idea being to hold,, his
mines, which are east of here, until a
higher bidder should arrive from the
East.
As the days went on and, he did not
improve, nor did a buyer appear, he
began to realize that should he die his
ownings would go without the neces
sary assessment work, whijCh would al
low their jumping at' the end of the
year. In order to prevent this he deed
ed his entire ownings to Mrs. Andrews.
Since that time he has died, and now
the San Francisco woman comes into
possession of the estate.
Rich Mineral Possessions Become the
Property of the Lucky
Devisee.
OLD MINER WILLS FORTUNE
TO -SAN" FRANCISCO WOMAN
The presentations were, made by Sec
retary Hay. The call was brief, the
visitors desiring merely to- pay their re
spects to the President.
At 2:35 o'clock this afternoon, accom
panied by Secretary Hay and Minister
Bunau-Varilla, the commissioners
called at the White House and were re
ceived by President Roosevelt in the
blue room. . ¦ •
The State Department received to
day a cablegram from United States
Minister Thompson, dated at Petropo
lis yesterday, stating that the Brazilian
Minister for Foreign Affairs had in
formed him that the Brazilian Govern
ment was ready to recognize the new
republic of Panama whenever applica
tion is made in due form.
Embassador Tower from Berlin made
a similar report as to the? attitude of
the German Government toward Pana
ma. It is now evident to the State
Department that there will be no
withholding of recognition by all' the
powers, as their representatives seem
to be convinced of the stability of the
new republic.
After these felicitations the Secretary
and commissioners discussed the future
of the republic. It was pointed out by
the Minister that the Junta felt that it
must first accomplish the mission to
which it was called by the entire people
cf Panama, namely, ratify the treaty,
and that then it would turn its atten
tion to the equally important "though
less immediate" work of establishing a
more usual form of government. The
Secretary expressed deep interest in the
future of the new state.
_ WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— The com
mission from Panama, accompanied by
the Panama Minister, M. Philippe
Bunau-Varilla, was received at the
State Department to-day by Secretary
Hay. The Exchanges, while informal,
were most cordial and were in English.
Dr. Amador informed the Secretary
that the commissioners had carefully
inspected the Hay-Bunau-Varilla treaty
and desired to take this opportunity of
expressing their entire satisfaction with
its terms. Dr. Amador assured the Sec
retary, that no time would be lpst in its
ratification by the Panama Govern
ment. He then paid a tribute, to the
service which the Panama Minister had
performed in so promptly negotiating
the convention. ...
Representatives of New Republic
Visit the State Department.
HAY BECEIVES COMMISSION".
A dispatch from Los Angeles sayB
that Goldman has been sought by the
Los Ar.£-?'.cs police for several months,
lie firct appeared in that city during
the latter part of September and repre
sented himself to be a traveling agent
for a cloak and fur house in New York
Etylcd James 1. Cohen & 'Co. To oth
ers he pretended to represent Ross
Bros, of New York. By a display of
money an<3 credentials alleged to have
been lorsp'i h<» secured the confidence
of S. B. r.p.iley, a jeweler on Broadway,
and from him secured a diamond ring
valued at $"00. In payment therefor
he pave a Fight draft on James I. Cohen
& Co. of New York, and having se
cured the ring sn]d it the same <3ay in
a pawn shop for $125. Then he left
town.
He was not heard from ag'ain until
arrested yesterday in this city. He will
be held until a man from Los Angeles
can be sent in take him to the scene of
his thieving operations.
CAUGHT YESTERDAY.
Last August he was arrested again
for an attempt to pasa worthless checks
on Eton Bros, and the Hotel Argyle of
this city. Again he secured his release
by paying' the amount of his bogxis
drafts. All of the drafts were drawn
on the mythical firms in the East he
claimed to be drumming for.
On September 29 last he married in
this city pretty Bonita Hayen. a young
lady of 21. who came of an aristocratic
Cuban family from Havana. The cer
emony was performed much against
the bride's parents' wishes. The two
went to Seattle immediately after the
marriage. They had been there but a
month when Goldman was arrested for
swindling the proprietor of the Hotel
Cecil. His young wife was so over
come with grief that she fell ill and
died a creek later. The physician! at
tributed her death to a broken heart.
The discovery of her husband's crook
edness was more than she could bear.
"While In jail in Seattle Goldman at
tacked a fellow-prisoner with a knife
and another charge was placed against
him. Although wanted at that time
for similar operations in Los Angel£s,
the wily crook again went free after
paying the amounts of his bogus
checks. Owing to a technicality he
could not be extradited to Los Angeles.
ARRESTED IN AUGUST.
Fred M. Goldman, alias Frank Gold
man, alias C. P. Goldman, under arrest
in three cities of the Pacific Coast dur
ing the last six months for the paesing
of spurious checks, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on Haight street by
Detective Taylor, to be detained for
Chief Elton of Los Angeles, who has
a charge of obtaining money under
false pretenses against him.
lie is the same Goldman whose bride
of seven weeks died in Seattle of a
broken heart when she discovered the
true character of the man she had wed
ded, j ,
' Goldman, who posed as a commercial
traveler for mythical houses in the
East, succeeded in passing several
worthless drafts in this city last May.
He claimed to be a drummer for the
glove firm of Richards & Lotus of New
York and also a representative for an
Eastern tobacco house. He passed a
spurious draft on Ottinger, the cut
rate ticket broker, and paid hotel bills
at the Russ, Lick and Palace hotels
with his worthless checks. He was ar
rested on May 4 as he was about to
depart for El Paso. At the time of his
arrest he *vas wanted in Butte. Mont..
and Salt Lake City for forgery. .He
subsequently secured his release by a
technicality, as it could not be proved
there were not such firms in the East
as he claimed to represent.
GLADDEN HEARTS
0F TINY WARDS
The rival concern is directing Its
business from San Francisco and has
traveling men in , different sections of
Oregon. Cut .rates 'are beln? offered on
all the products of the concern. They
include candies. As the noliday. orders
usually tax the factories of the com
bine* to their utmost the inroads, being
made by the Mutual of San Francisco
and the Inland of Spokane are not,' so
noticeable, but as soon as the Christ
mas trade is supplied the business be
ing done In the field claimed by the
combine will be fought for.
• Just whether the three firms in the
city that* are now in the combine to
keep up prices will stand together or
make- separate rates the managers de
cline to. say. They are all desirous of
preventing a cut being made at all,
but admit that something will have, to
be done by January.
PORTLAND, Nov. 20.— Christmas
trade ia too good to warrant the
cracker combine declaring war upon
the firms outside of the trust at once,
but all , indications point to a new
schedule of rates being presented to
buyers as soon as the new year arrives.
The Mutual Biscuit Company of San
Francisco is said to have established
a branch house in Portland, but careful
inquiry fails to locate it.
Special - Dispatch to Tha Call.
The place where they claimed to have
been with Hulse is about six blocks
from the scene of the crim«. The wit
nesses giving this evidence are Ed Pot
ter, formerly a streetcar motorman.
and John E. Caldwell, a cattleman
from Linns Valley. Both men are
known to have been stanch friends of
the dead outlaw McKinney, Potter hav
ing known him in boyhood and con
tinually boasted of his friendship for
him up to the time of his death. Both
were arrested after the crime, but re
leased for lack of evidence. The at
torneys for the people closely cross-ex
amined both as to statements they had
made at the time of their arrest, which
were taken down by the official re
porter. To-morrow it is expected that
an effort will be made to introduce evi
dence to impeach them. Several other
witnesses, mostly disinterested citizens
of unimpeachable character, testified to,
having seen Hulse on Chester avenue
a short time after the crime, but it is
maintained by the State that he Jhad
time to get there from the Josshouse
after the shootinsr.
The evidence of all the witnesses who
saw the man near the josshouse sup
posed to have been Hulse is that he
left there before the wounded officers
were taken uptown, the time when
Hulse was seen on the street. The rest
of the evidence Introduced by the de
fense is chiefly of a negative character,
consisting of the statements of a num
ber of persons who were in Baer's drug
store when the dying statement of Tib
bet is said to have been made and who
did not heaf it. To-morrow the prose
cution will introduce evidence in re
buttal.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 20.— The at
torneys for the defense in the Hujse
case to-day succeeded in establishing
an alibi for their client by two wit
nesses, who, if their testimony ia to be
believed, met Hulse In the Crawford
saloon, on Chester avenue, about twen
ty minutes before the fatal battle at
the Josshouse and were in his com
pany continuously up to the time the
wounded officers were brought down
town for treatment.
Sptcial Dispatch ?» The C&1L
SAN JOSE, Nov. 20.— The sensational
divorce suit of Eugene T. Russell
against Laura E. Russell was decided
to-day, when Mrs. Russell was granted
a decree on a counter complaint charg
ing her husband with cruelty. Clarence
T. Urmy, the well-known poet and
musician, was named as a co-respond
ent in the husband's complaints. Rus
sell, who is a traveling man, formerly
had his home in Idaho, and claimed
that Urmy's verse had been the means
of enticing his wife away from her
home, and wrecking his happiness. A
couple of years ago Mrs. Russell came
to this city irom her home in Idaho, to
live with her mother, Mrs. Mary T.
Spangler, and to study music. She was
a pupil of Urmy's. After a while Rus
sell induced his wife to return" to Idaho
and everything was progressing lovely
until one day he went home and found
his wife reading a poem by Urmy in
one of the magazines, and which de
fendant claimed Mrs. Russell said ap
pealed to her to return to San Jose.
Before tha case came to trial Rus
sell was charged by his mother-in-law,
Mrs^-Spangler, with perjury, in that he
had falselysworn in the complaint that
he was a resident of this city. Russell
disappeared, and the officers have
never been able to locate him to place
him under arrest.
Mrs. Russpll filed a cross-complaint
denying all - the charges made by her
husband, and asking for a divorce on
the ground of cruelty. The couple had
been married about ten years, and
there were no children or community
property to dispute over. Russell made
no defense to the cross complaint, for
had he appeared on the scene he would
have been arrested on the perjury
charge.
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Novi 20.— Gim Sing, a
Chinese mine owner, worth $250,000, be
ing the wealthiest Individual "of any
race in Trinity County, was killed on
Thursday by a cave-in at one of his
placer mines in Eastman Gulch, in
Trinity County. The, body had not been
recovered this evening. One of Sing's
laborers was killed at the same time.
A third man, a Chinese laborer, was
held by the debris all day Thursday,
but his head 1 was out, so he was not
suffocated and is found to be not seri
ously hurt. A fourth Chinaman start
ed on horseback this morning to Lew
iston, a distance of four miles, to tele
phone to Weaverville : for the Coroner
and physicians. En route the horse
he was riding slipped on the trail and
rolled sixty feet down the steep moun
;tainslde, ; crippling the rider.
The trouble resulted from Gim Sing,
who visited' the Eastman Gulch prop
erty Thursday morning, desiring a
crew of twenty Chinamen to repair a
flume at a point one mile from camp
where it passes through a cut In gravel
twenty feet deep. Owing to recent se
vere storms loosening the gravel all
but two men were afraid of just such
an accident as happened. So the two
employes started to work unaided. They
had hardly more than started when a
hundred yards of the twenty-foot bank
fell in, killing two and partially cover
ing one. Their fate was not known un
; til that, night, when; their failure to re
turn caused an investigation. The
courier who rolled down the mountain
side was not so severely injured but
that he could crawl into Lewiston to
day and have the message telephoned.
Alleged Crook, Whose Bride
Died of Broken Heart,
Is Arrested.
Northern Territory Wiil Be
Scene of Commercial. ,
Battle.
lous Escape . and Courier
Is Hurt.
One Survivor Makes Miracu-
Suit That Set San Jose Agog
Is Settled Without
Any
Cattleman and a Streetcar
Motorman Will Help
Defendant.
Bogus Drummer Is Held
for the Police of
Los Angeles.
His fellow-commissioners and other
members of his party believe that the
general Is inclined to accept the situa
tion.
The excitement at Barranqullla and
Cartagena and along the river is sub
siding. There was great excitement,
however, during the passage of the
Canada, as the people believed that
General Reyes and his companions
were bent on a warlike mission. There
is more excitement to-day at Barran
qullla than anywhere else, but It is re
ported the people everywhere are be
ginning to view the situation 'philo
sophically.
The reports emanating from Buena
Ventura of the conditions in the de
partments of Cauca and Antloquia. ap
pear to have been exaggerated. The
last reports from these departments do
not .bear out the sensational stories.
Senor Bustamente is the Liberal lead
er and Senor Ospina is the Conservative
leader of Antioquia. There has been a
limited discussion on the part of the
Liberal and other discontents In An
tioquia and Cauca- of . inaugurating a
revolutionary movement Such talk
may be expected at any time in almost
any department of Colombia. The Lib
eral revolutionary party is still strong
and Panama's success was bound to
stimulate such talk.
During the trip down the Magdalena
River General Reyes was everywhere
received with enthusiasm. The people
told him they were ready and willing to
enlist in a fight for the recovery of the
isthmian territory- General Reyes al
ways discouraged this warlike attitude,
declaring it better to act through dip
lomatic channels, which he told the
people was the purpose of his mission
to the isthmus.
It Is reported on good authority that
General Reyes countermanded prepara
tions which were being made in Buena
Ventura and Earranquilla for a march
on the isthmus. The general, no doubt,
recognized the futility of any such
tempt in view of the protection given
hy the United States to the new re
public.
General Reyes la to-day the strongest
and most intelligent feature in the re
public of Colombia. He Is very popu
lar and it is believed that the course of
the government of Colombia in the
isthmian matter will be very greatly
influenced by whatever attitude Gen
eral Reyes may decide to take.
STOBIES NOT BOBNE OUT.
The power with which he is vested
was conferred on him by President
Marroquin. .
General Reyes is what is termed lo
cally "President in campaign of Co
lombia."
The Colombian commissioners asked
permission to disembark for a. prome
nade through the streets of Colon. Gov
ernor Melendez communicated the re
quest to the Junta, and it was promptly
granted.
Then the Panaman and Colombian
commissioners left the Canada togeth
er and, arm in arm, they walked to the
end of the dock, where a hundred sol
diers of the new republic formed in two
lines and presented arms. As the com
missioners passed through the lines
drums were beaten and bugles sound
ed. The members of the party then
seated themselves in rickety carriages
and drove through Colon unguarded,
and returned to the Canada after an
hour. In every way the. Colombian
generals were treated as distinguished
foreigners.
The questions of Colombia's recogni
tion of the republic of Panama and Co
lombia's possible equity in the canal,
railroad and other interests on the isth.
mus were not broached.
The conference ot the commissioners
was continued informally this after
noon, when a document was drawn up
and signed by all the commissioners,
setting forth the details of the confer
ence. General Holguin of the Colom
bian commission asked, finally, if the
Colombians could do anything what
ever to regain the isthmus, and Senor
Arias answered tr«t it was. decidedly
and absolutely impossible. He, how
ever, expressed the desire of the isth
mians for close and friendly relations
with Colombia.
General Reyes, who was a candidate
for the Presidency of Colombia, issued
a decree dated at Barranqullla, Novem
ber 16. addressed to the members of the
electoral college at Bogota, which said:'
"Haying accepted a military mission,
empowered with all presidential facul
ties in almost all departments of the
republic, at a moment when my coun
try is preparing for a Presidential elec
tion, I deem It my duty to relinquish
my candidacy. Hence, I renounce ir
revocably, offering my services to my
country in other positions."
General Reyes' attitude Thursday
night, as indicated by his remarks, was
more or less bellicose. Though still
bellicose, he Is more hopeful to-day.
He seems disturbed, however, by the
rapid march of events in the United
States and Is fearful that Congress may
ratify the canal treaty with the new
republic. He appears despondent over
the general outlook of his "mission.
SETTLEMENT . IMPOSSIBLE.
is united in its determination to restore
the isthmus to the union."
Trust Is Now Too Busy
to Fight Its New
Rivals.
Caving Bank Carries
Him and a Com
panion to 'Death.
Important Witnesses
in the Josshouse
Murder Case.
Eugene T. Russell Pails
to Appear When
Case Is Called.
CRACKER WAR
DUE NEW YEAR'S
Article III. The republic, of Panama
grants to the United States all the
rights, power and authority within the
zone mentioned and described in arti
cle II of this agreement and within the
limits of all auxiliary lands and waters
mentioned and described in said arti
cle II which the United States would
possess and exercise if it were the sov
ereign of the territory within which
said lands and waters are located, to
the. entire exclusion of the exercise by
the republic of Panama of any sover
eign rights, power and authority.
Article IV. As rights subsidiary^ to
the above grants, the republic of Pan
ama grants in perpetuity to the Unit
ed States, right to use of rivers,
streams, lakes and other bodies of wa
ter within its limits for navigation, the
supply of water or water power or
other purposes, so far as the use of
said rivers, streams, lakes and bodies
of water and the waters thereof may
be necessary and convenient for the
construction, maintenance, operation,
sanitation and' protection of the said
canal. . •
Article V. The republic of Panama
grants to the United States in perpe
tuity a monopoly of the construction,
maintenance and operation of any sys
tem of communication by means of
canal or railroad across its territory
between the Caribbean Sea and the
Pacific Ocean.
zone above described, shall not be in
cluded within this grant. The republic
of Panama further grants to the United
States in perpetuity the use, occupa
tion and control of any other land and
waters outside of the zone above de
scribed which may be necessary and
convenient for the construction, main
tenance, operation, sanitation and pro
tection of the said canal or any aux
iliary canals or other works necessary
and convenient for the construction,
maintenance, operation, sanitation and
protection of said enterprise. The re
public of Panama further grants to the
United States in perpetuity the use, oc
cupation and control of all islands
within the limits of the zone above de
scribed and in addition thereto the
group of small islands in the bay of
Panama named Perico, Naos, Culebra
and Flamenco.
GOLDMAN AGAIN
LODGED IN JAIL
RICH CHINESE
MINER KILLED
WIFE SECURES
DIVORCE DECREE
Colombia's Commissioner
Not Hopeful of Success
SEEK TO PROVE
ALIBI FOR HULSE
THE SAN KBANCJSCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21. 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Senator Dietrich Will Appear.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.-Senator Die
trich will start .for Omaha to-morrow
morning to surrender to the authorities
in that city because of hl3; indictment on
a charge of conspiracy in connection
with postofflce patronage. Senator Die
trich reiterated to-night the assertion
that he would demand an immediate
hearing.
2
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
Jgg| 8|ward
Backed op by over a third of a centnry
of remarkable and uniform enres, a record
encb as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Fierce'*
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
money of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
sus or Falling: of Womb which they can-
not'eure.. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure.
«I used four bottles of yonr 'Favorite Pre-
scription ' and <«e of ' Golden Medical DIjcov-
erv^" writes Mrs. Elmer D. Shearer, of Mount-
hope. Lancaster Co, Pa., "and can say that I aat
cured of that dreaded disease, ntenne tronble.
Am in better health than ever before. Every-
one who knows m« U surprised to see me look
so welL In June I wu eo poor in health that
at times I could not wait. TcKJay I am cured.
I tell everybody that Dr. Kme'i medicines
curedme."
Fiuas. Dr. Piexce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pav expense cf mailing only. Send 31
one-cent stamps for the cloth-bound volume.
Addrrse World's Dispensary. Mjcdical Asso-.
iaatjoa. Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y. .
MATBmONIAIi
. COMEDY OP THE
THANKSGIVING v .
TTTBKEY
You'll Boar With Laughter. at
; This Story in the
: NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars the hap-
piness of life.
It's a weak stomach, a stomach that can
not properly perform Its functions.
Among its symptoms are distress after
eating, nausea between meals, heartburn,
belching, vomiting, flatulence and nervous
headache.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Cures a bad stomach, indigestion and dys-
pepsia, and the cure Is permanent.
Accept no substitute.
ECHOBaaSA AHD BBI3AEY BXSC3A23KI
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S aRCAi-i
{BUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
0 C|) iKiHA2iX7s?.trt.s*a7a.e.*.:>i.i
\ Cf TheL*rge»tAn»tMnle»!Mo!«eMm!«ihe \
Q —-rfi-i-. World. WeakMiM* or any contracted Q
. K£Z{£f\ ditsate p**ltlT»l7car«H4r>7theoldc\t T
O |£»T| ipeaaliJtonUieCout EM. j6 rev* Q
6 Q&£?h OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
\ I <$2?i)B Cofunltation free «nd sii.ctly pri»»te. \
O I OWB Trsanneni peuonally or by letter. A §
\ I V SlB i^Mi«w cW»oieT«ryc*»» undertake*. T
BVS »# Writ, for B*>k. *¦«•••«*¦¦* «ti
V • If 11™ ninaucE. mailed rxu. (Af
A (i /J. »a!uable book for m«i ) \
V DB JOItDA.N A CO.. 1051 MarScet St.. a. F. 9
JA Those suffering from werik-
*•' nes3es which sap the pleasu/es
¦ I ¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
j5» One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating:, vitalizing force than ha* ever
been offered. Sent by mall in clain package
only on receipt of this adv. and XL
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Ca. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. Lowell. Mas*.
W*£S£^zA MENANDWOMEft.
<3*g**?3trJlE3' i *fe53 C*»Bi««fornnnatu«l
£GS*sT\n ltoi 4»n.\(l d'scU»rgei, inflammation*.
tfcyrf Gamrtauwl 41 irritations or uleeraUoai
EfSy oat t» iiriotai*. of Dracom membrane*.
j* S Pr»t*«* C..t«u». Paln;«*i, «nd not »«trta-
ffTSlTHEETMSCHEMICALCO. gent or poi«onoui.
*^A eiSCtSKATl.0 -HSU Sold by DrasxUU,
TO&Ek us. a. 2sar or ** nt ia p' ain wr »p?* r «
.KgfaBk^ by expr«><«. prspald. IMC
TraSSSSfS'V B * l(w - •>» S bottle* 12.75.
t» ¦ Oreolav met oa recaast.
¦ AVIinfl H C»r*d to STAY CLUED. C»W»
fl O I list*! ft rro>OT«L Health rentomi. A»v
11 X I T% Sm1 11 t»ck IB «rerr»tnrn. fc»thmrtUj
nil 8 1 jj If jfl Sl«p»llni s h^do»aythlnj. jo
¦ ¦ W ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦1 » n ywh««fc .No tanker v*<4 «
mtxiiriara. Book 60 FREE. Ninsty mrM. sllabmit
Aatluua&dUftjf'avK. P. Haxoia Hay«», Bu2alo, If ,T«CHICAGO. Nov. 20. — To-day marked
the fortieth year of consecutive service
on the bench in Chicago by Judge Joseph
E. Gary. Such a lengthy public career Is
said to be without parallel, either In the
United States or Great Britain among
elected officials. Judge Gary has pre
sided at many memorable trials, notably
that of the anarchists who were executed
for bomb-throwing in Haymarket square.
Though 82 years of age he retains the
vigorous mind and firmness of decision
which have been his pronounced charac
teristics during his long term as a Jur
ist. His bar associates to-day gathered
at his courtroom In large numbers to
pay him their respects in celebration of
his anniversary.
Judge Gary Celebrates His Anniver
sary Surrounded by Many of
His Friends.
SERVES FORTY YEARS
AS JURIST IN CHICAGO
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Nov. 20.
-John L. Beard, formerly State Sena
tor from this county, died yesterday at
his home near Alvarado. Death came
suddenly and was caused by heart
trouble.
Mr. Beard was born in Lafayette,
Ind., June 13, 1843, and came to Cali
fornia with hi3 parents in the gold rush
year of 1849. They settled in the lower*
part of Alameda County, near the old
Mission San Jose. Mr. Beard's father
was associated with John il. Homer,
father of present County Supervisor
Homer, In the ownership of 30,000 acres
of land in the vicinity of the Mission.
A part of that immense estate descend
ed to and was In possession of the son
who has Just passed away.
In 1S67 Mr. Beard moved to a point a
few miles from Centerville. where he
engaged In farming, fruit raising: and
viticulture, having first, however, re
ceived a preparatory school training in
the college of California in this city,
and subsequently graduating from the
University of California at Berkeley.
He married the daughter of a pioneer
farmer named Harvey and then moved
to a home about three miles from Al
varado. He was the father of two chil
dren, Jesse and Eldridge L. Beard, and
was widely known throughout the
State.
The funeral will be held Saturday
from his home.
Deceased Was a Pioneer and
Widely Known Through
out California.
Ex-State Senator of Ala
meda County Passes
Away.
DEATH CLAIMS
JOHN L. BEARD
. SAN JOSE. Nov.* 20.— Louis Garcia, a
boy who * has been driving a delivery
wagon for. O. A. Hale & 06. of this city;
was arrested "to-day, on a charge of'mis
demeanor ¦ embezzlement. "¦¦ He is charg-ed
with. collecting; and withholding 66 cents
on the delivery of a package.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— P. C.Dlbert, at the Im
perial; Q. H. Patterson. • at the Astor
House; Mrs. G. A- Rogers, at the Belve
dere; W. ; W. . Treat, .at the • i Ashland
House: A.McD. Riddell. at the Winsonia;
A: :, K. ; Andrlano, J. Littlehaler, at the
Hoffman. < -
U)s Angeles— Lu- T. Garnsy. at tha Nor
mandle." "¦
Pasadena— A. Gleason, at the Navarre.
Californians in New York.
; Chief Jacob Burckholder and Firemen
Frank Fiegler, Charles Douglass \ and
Albert Walters were seriously injured.
BUTLER, Pa., Nov. 20.— The Park
Theater building, the Central "Hotel,
the Butler Business College and several
adjoining buildings were destroyed by
fire early to-day. Loss, $300,000. ,
Butler, Pennsylvania, Has a Disas
trous Fire in Which Several Fire
men Are Injured.
THEATER IS DESTROYED.
A large audience attended a lecture
entitled "A Narrative of a Trip
Through the White Mountains of New
Hampshire." by Albert J. Le Breton,
at the Alhambra Theater last night.
The lecture was under the auspices of
the California Camera Club, of which
Mr. Le Breton is a member. The lec
turer announced that the scenery of
the mountains, slides of which were
remarkably perfect, was not unlike
English mountain and lake scenery.
The White Mountains, he said, were
not as Imposing and majestic as the
peaks nt the Yosemite and Canadian
Rockies, but, said Mr. Le Breton, they
had one advantage over them— they
were more frequently visited by the
400 and have been in society longer.
The lecture throughout was Instructive
and humorous.
ALBERT LE BRETON GIVES
AN INTERESTING LECTURE
Former, Police Commissioner George
A. Newhall o* the well known local
commission firm and president of tha
Chamber of Commerce, who has been
abroad for several months on his wed
ding tour, returned to the city yester
day with his bride. .
Grant Snyder, a mining man of Ken
nett, is at the' Palace.
J. L. Hackett. a wealthy resident of
Louisville, is at the Palace.
Samuel Ho'chhaus, American corre
spondent of Lie Matin, Paris, is at the
Palace.
Attorney Frank McGowan leaves to
day for Salt Lake, where he Is to rep
resent the Southern Pacific Company
in several cases coming up In the Fed
eral courts of Utah.
PERSONAL MENTION.
DENVER, Nov. 20.— Joseph Sorice.
who was shot Wednesday night in the
desperate struggle with Father Lepore
succumbed to his wounds early this
morning. Sorice refused to make any
statement and the secret of the tragedy
was probably lost forever' when death
claimed both men.
Sorice Dies of Wounds.
The Verdi monument fund is to be
swelled by a benefit to be given In Its
behalf at the Tlvoli Opera-house on
Monday night, November 23. The per
formance is given through the kindness
of the opera-house management and
the Italian arrists who have been sing
ing here for the last three months. Se
lections and acts from a large number
of different operas will be rendered.
The fund already amounts to $2400, and
It Is. expected the proceeds of this en
tertainment will increase the sum to
$3000.
It is the intention; to erect a monu
ment*to the memory of the brilliant
composer in Golden Gate Park as soon
as $10,000 shall have been raised.
Seats are now on sale at the Tivoll
box .office and the usual iopular prices
will prevail. '
Italian Opera Company Offers Ser
vices in Long and Varied
Programme.
ARTISTS WILL AUGMENT
VERDI MONUMENT FUND
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 20.— The re
cent tungsten ore swindle at Skagway
had its ending yesterday at Sitka when
J. R. Rollins, its promoter, was sen
tenced by Judge Brown of the Alaska
District Court to two and one-half
years' imprisonment at the McNeil Isl
and penitentiary near Tacoma. Rollins
pleaded guilty to two counts of ob
taining money under false pretenses
and was sentenced on one count alone.
Judge Brown stated that additional
sentence would probably be rendered
on the other count later in the week.
Rollins represented to Rkagway busi
ness men that he found a mine of
tungsten ore along the White Pass
Railway and that fortunes would ac
crue to everybody who held stock in
it. He sold a number of adjoining
claims, also supposed to contain tung
sten. According to his story, the Krupp
gun works and Carnegie Steel Com
pany both wanted tungsten ore at high
prices for use in manufacturing armor
plate. He accordingly had 100 tons of
the supposed ore shipped to the Skag
way wharf for shipment to Pittsburg,
exhibiting telegrams purporting to
show that the ore had been bought at
fancy prices. One of the Investors sent
samples of the ore away for analysis,
thug exposing the swindle. Rollins'
wife accompanied him to Sitka.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Nov. 20.— Julian A. Keb
ler. president of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company, died suddenly of apo
plexy at his home in this city to-night.
Ke had returned home from his office
this afternoon apparently in his usual
health. No one was with him when he
died.
Julian A- Kebler Is Stricken by
Apoplexy at His Home in
Denver.
COLORADO COAL
MAGNATE IS DEAD
Rollins Must Serve Time
for His Tungsten
Fake.
The fire is supposed to have started
in the scenery back of the stage of the
theater. The losses to the tenants will
be heavier than ordinary, owing to the
high insurance rate due to the construc
tion of the building and because it con
tained a theater. There were seven acts
on at the theater this week and the
people presenting them lost their effects.
The theater is owned by Colonel John
D. Hopkins of St Louis. The building,
which was, erected In 1864, is a total
loss. At one time It was the principal
theater of Louisville. Nearly $40,000 in
improvements has been spent on it re
cently.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 20.— Fire
early to-day destroyed the old Masonic
Temple, occupying half a block In the
heart of the retail business district.
The loss is about $250,000, among the
largest losers being the. Masonic Tem
ple building, $125,000, insurance $65,000;
Hopkins Theater, scenery and property,
$20,000; J. W. Fowler Drug Company,
$36,000; Rodgers & Krull, Jewelers,
$40,000.
Fire Destroys Historic Building in
Louisville, Causing a Heavy \ .
Loss.
LONDON, Nov. 20. — It Is understood
that as a result of the conference yes
terday evening between Foreign Min
ister Tottoni and Foreign Secretary
Lansdowne a . perfect accord was
reached between Great Britain and
Italy on matters affecting their foreign
politics.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The visit of the
Italian sovereigns to England practi
cally terminated to-night with a ban
quet to the monarchs and their suites
in St. George's Hall, Windsor Castle.
In spite of the fact that eighty-six per
sons were present the banquet was a
quiet and almost a family affair. There
were no speeches, but the conversation
was cordial.
In view of the announcement of the
result of the conference yesterday be
tween the Italian Foreign Minister,
SIgnor Tittoni, and the British Secre
tary of Foreign Affairs, Lord Lans
downe, it Is generally conceded that the
visit of their Italian majesties will sub
sequently aid the solidltary of the
great powers and do much toward pre
serving mutual friendship In Western
Europe.
The visit has been marked through
out by the cordiality of the English
people toward the Italian sovereigns.
Whenever they appeared In public King
Victor Emmanuel spoke in English and
all during the stay here made a mark
edly friendly impression on every one
of the deputations whom he received
in audience.
t Queen Helene has been the object of
general admiration, her personal beau
ty and kindliness closely corresponding
MASONIC TEMPLE AND
THEATER ABE BURNED
Army orders— Lieutenant Colonel George
H. Torrey, deputy surgeon general, assign
ed to membership on examining board to
meet at the Presidio, San Francisco, vice
Lieutenant Colonel H. S. Kilbourne, or
dered to the Philippines; First Lieuten
ant Robert B. Grubbs. assistant surgeon,
from the Presidio of San Francisco to
Fort Wright, Washington, relieving Cap
tain Irving W. Rand, who is ordered to
ordnance barracks, California: Lieuten
ant Colonel George W. Adair, deputy sur
geon general, now at San Francisco, to
St. Paul. Minn.; Colonel Alfred C. Glrard,
assistant surgeon general, from the Phil
ippines to San Francisco for orders; Major
Louis Brecheming. surgeon for ordnance
barracks, ' Monterey. Cal., to San Fran
cisco, relieving Lieutenant Colonel Louis
M. Maus, In charge of the medical sup
ply-depot there, ordered to Fort Riley,
Kans.; Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Torrey, from medical "> supply depot at
San Francisco to company duty as chief
surgeon of the Department of California.
Navy orders— Midshipman W. W. Gal
braith to Independence, thence to Ta
coma. .
Washington— Lincoln E. Hiatt, Slsco
Snohomish County, vice George K. Hiatt'
resigned.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Oregon— Allen O. Adams. Cascade Rocks!
Wasco County, vice Elmer P. Ash, re
signed. ¦: '¦¦
WASHINGTON. D.C.. Nov. 20.-Orders
have been Issued by the Postal and War
Departments as follows:
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon-
May E. Ham, Lone Rock.
Washington— Lulu Y. Gazzam, Crystal
Springs.
Departments at "Washington Order
Many Changes in the Army, Navy
and Postal Service.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The King entered into the spirit and
purpose of each delegation, and talked
entertainingly on the growth of Italian
commerce and shipping. He said that
Italy's desire was for a world-wide
peace, and he showed considerable fa
miliarity with electrical affairs. He
appeared, however, to be the most
keenly Interested In the delegates of
the Numismatic Society, as he is the
greatest collector of coins among the
royal personages of Europe.
The arrangements for the departure
of their Majesties at 9 o'clock to-mor
row morning are practically identical
with those which obtained at the time
of their arrival. The Life Guards will es
cort King Victor Emmanuel and Queen
Helene to the railroad station, whence
King Edward's special train will con
vey them to Portsmouth. They will
spend to-morrow night aboard the royal
yacht Victoria and Albert at Cherbourg,
from which place they will leave for
Italy Sunday morning.
to those traits. of Queen Alexandra
which have endeared her to the Eng
lish people.
To-day's recreation of the sovereigns
of the two countries consisted of a
pleasant drive in Virginia Water. A
lunch followed in a pavilion erected at
the water's edge, at which the British
princesses were also present.
King Victor received four deputations
at Windsor Castle this afternoon, In
cluding delegates from the Peace So
ciety, the Numismatic Society (who
presented to his Majesty a gold medal
struck in honor of his visit), the elec
trical engineers who were recently en
tertained by King Victor Emmanuel at
Rome, and a deputation from the city
of London.
FOREIGN SECRETARY OF THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT, WHO IS
REPORTED TO HAVE REACHED AN AGREEMENT WITH THE
REPRESENTATIVE OF ITALY ON IMPORTANT MATTERS.
A card was found indicating that de
ceased was the son of B. M. Fredendell
of Guilderland, N. Y., and a telegram
announcing the death was sent to the
father.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 20.— The strange
suicide of a young man startled the
people of Lakeside Station on the
Cuyamaca Railroad this noon, when
E. Fredendell, who had been working
on a ranch near that place, threw him
self In front of a train and was ground
to pieces beneath its wheels.
Very little is known of the young
man more than that he came here sev
eral months ago in poor health and
had been in a local sanitarium most of
the time.
While at the sanitarium he showed
that his mind was affected by sickness,
but he improved and was able to leave.
This noon he appeared at Lakeside
Station and sent a telegram to parties
in New York, asking them to send him
$10,000 at once.
He then left the depot and walked
up the track a short distance, then de
liberately threw himself in front of an
approaching train. Engineer Bogue put
on the brakes and reversed, but he was
not able to stop the train until the en
gine and several cars had passed over
the body, mangling It in a frightful
manner.
WASHINGTON". Nov. 20. — Rear Ad
mfrsJ Cotton, commanding the European
.Bisatlon, has been authorized to leave
Beirut with the flagship Brooklyn and
the cruiser San Francisco, and is expect
ed to Ball in a few days for a cruise in
the Mediterranean preparatory to com
ing to the United States to take part in
the r.aval maneuvers in the Caribbean
about tha end of December.
The withdrawal of the American fleet
from Beirut, after a stay of several
months, is made with the consent of the
Secretary of State on the general ground
that there is no longer any necessity for
their retention !:i that quarter.
A2IEHICA1J WABSHXPS
VJTUL, LEAVE BEIBUT
Departments Believe Their Presence
Is No Longer Needed in Turkish
"Waters.
DENVER, Nov. 20.— Governor Pea
body to-day ordered a detachment of
the National Guard to proceed to Tel
luride for the purpose of affording pro
tection to men who may be willing to
work in the mines and mills. Major
Zephi T. Hill will be in command.
Governor of Colorado Sends Detach
ment to Telluride.
MILITIA FOB PBOTECTION.
Despondent Young Man
Rushes to Death Un
«
der Wheels.
ORE SWINDLER
IS SENTENCED
The Democratic Senators at a caucus
held to-night decided to consider the Cu
ban bill on its merits and confine the dis
cussion to the bill itself without bringing
in collateral questions. This means that
no tariff amendments -will be offered and
that the tariff Question will not be dls
cusFed.
The conclusion was reached at the end
of a lone conference.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The Senate
held its longest sitting of the session to
day, beginning at noon and concluding at
3:15 d. m. The entire time was consumed
in debating a motion to refer the Cuban
reciprocity bill to the Committee on For
cien Relations. The political line was
sharply drawn in the discussion, the Re
publicans advocating such reference and
the Democrats contending that the meas
ure should go to the Committee on Fi
nance. The motion prevailed without di
vision.
Bill Is Under Debate.
Motion to Refer Cuban Reciprocity
LONG SESSION OF SENATE.
In view of this announcement of the
Speaker and House leaders it is expect
ed that the Senate will begin the con
sideration of the Cuban bill, even
though it should not conclude its work
before the expiration of the special ses
sion.
ers.
The suggestion "was first made by
Senator Kelley (D.) of Texas that the
Finance Committee of the Senate
should take the bill, report it next
Wednesday and then the Senate and
House would adjourn until December,
when the regular session begins.
When this suggestion was laid before
the leaders of the House to-day there
was an emphatic protest. The proposi
tion was indorsed by some of the old
time Senate leaders, many of whom
have three times defeated reciprocity.
They all wanted to go home for
Thanksgiving. Meantime the Demo
cratic Senate leaders v/ere Influenced
to call a caucus and see if the minority
party would not also agree. The posi
tion as expressed by Speaker Cannon
was that the House had discharged its
own duty and It would not be a party
to any further delay. He said such an
adjournment as proposed would be an
insult to the President and a slap at
the Republican party.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 20. — With a re
sounding thwack Speaker Cannon to
day brought his fist down on the table
and told the Senators that the House
would not agree to terminating the
special sessions next week. In this he
has the support of all the House lead-
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Reagan came here some time ago
from Seattle, where he fought several
bouts with different pugilists. In Van
couver he was defeated by Dick Case
of Seattle. Other men were put on for
the preliminaries this evening at the
Seiger-Queenan contest. The manage
ment carefully announced that owing
to unavoidable circumstances Reagan
could not attend.
The prisoners claimed that although
they were in that neighborhood that
evening for some time they knew noth
ing of the hold-up. The magistrate re
served decision.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 20.—"Ter
rible" Reagan and "Dutch" Chamber
lain, two lightweight pugilists who are
known all over the coast, are reposing
in police station cells this evening in
stead of being the star performers in a
couple of fistic events preliminary to
the Selger-Queenan fight. The men
were billed to appear and their pictures
have been decorating the bill boards,
but now the police have beveral charges
of highway robbery bookc-3 against
them and it is not improbable that they
will be counted out of the fighting
game for some little time to come.
Two bold hold-ups occurred in the
east end of Vancouver on Wednesday
night. They were the last of a series
that has been terrorizing the neighbor
hood. In both instances Reagan, It is
claimed, was recognized as the man
who held the revolver and this after
noon In Police Court very direct evi
dence on the subject was given. H.
Slater swore that Reagan stopped him
and pressing a revolver to his cheek
told him he would shoot if Slater made
a move. Reagan and his partner are
alleged then to have gone through Sla
ter's pockets while the latter's hands
were in the air.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
At the afternoon session of the com
mittee Major Rathbone submitted a
transcript of the records of the courts
of Havana, showing that General
Wood as military governor gave orders
to the courts as to what they should
do In the matter of giving bail ar<J the
conduct of some other business.
Major James E. Runcle, now prac
ticing law in Havana, has sent a cable
gram to a member of the committee
stating that he will sail from Havana
to-morrow and will be in Washington
Tuesday. He will be examined by the
committee in reference to his statement
that General Wood inspired an article
in the North American Review reflect
ing on the administration of Major
General Brooks, his predecessor as
Governor General.
Conant went to Cuba as an attache
of the evacuation commission, and
while there he acted as legal adviser
of General Ludlow, in command of the
Department of Havana. Later he
served General Wood In the same ca
pacity.
Another ¦witness summoned to-night
by the Military Affairs Committee is
Herbert J. Brown, a newspaper man,
who was In Cuba during the American
occupation. He is said to have made
an Inquiry into the character of the
Jai Alai company.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 20.— A sum
mons issued by the Senate Military Af
fairs Committee was served to-night
on Ernest Lee Conant of the New York
law firm of Pag* & Conant, citing him
to e&pe&r before the committee to-mor
row in connection with the charges
against Brigadier General Leonard
Wood cade in an effort to prevent bis
conflreiailoii as major general.
Ccnant has been in "Washington sev
eral days prosecuting Cuban cases be
fore the Spanish claims committee. It
is' understood this subpena was Issued
at .the request of Major Rathbone, who
learned late to-day of Conant's pres
ence in the city. Conant win be ex
pected to give testimony as to the char
acter cf the Jai Alai. the alleged gam
bling establishment which General
"VTood is charged with having given a
ten-year concession to operate in Ha
vana.
THROWS HIMSELF
BEFORE TRAIN
The present trial began last Monday
morning. The Jury retired shortly after
3 o'clock this afternoon, and rendered
its verdict after deliberating six hours.
It is understood that a majority was
for acquittal from the start, and that
It took some time to go over all the
documents that had been submitted In
evidence before a unanimous verdict
was reached. It Is generally under
stood there was doubt as to Miller's
connection with the transactions be
tween Johns and Ryan. The Govern
ment officials state that this case was
not like any of other postal cases
that are pending, as this case simply
dealt with the action of Miller when he
was an Assistant Attorney General in
the Postofflce Department.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 20.— D. V. Miller
of Terre Haute and Joseph M. Johns of
Rockville, Ind., were" to-night acquitted
of the charge of conspiracy to extort a
bribe from John J. Ryan, made by the
Postofflce Department. The verdict of
"not guilty'.' was received by the crowd
with demonstrations that could not be
suppressed by the court officers. As
soon as court was adjourned and Judge
Thompson had retired pandemonium
broke loose among the jollifying friends
of the defendants from Indiana and
others, and continued for some time.
Miller and Johns and their attorneys
were overwhelmed with congratula
tions.
Those Who Wanted to Go
Home for Thanksgiving
Are Disappointed.
Friends of the Accused
Exult When Verdict
Is Given.
Concession to Alleged Gam
bling Establishment
Investigated.
Prisoners Deny All Knowledge
of the Crimes Charged
Against Them.
Members Refuse to Ter
minate Extra Session
Next Week.
Solons Are to Probe
Deeply Into Charges
Against Wood.
Vancouver Police Accuse
Them of Being High
way Robb9rs.
Johns and Miller Are
Found Not Guilty
of Extortion.
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne and Foreign Secretary Tot
toni Hold a Conference at London, and/It Is Reported,
Have Reached an Agreementon Various Matters of Policy
TWO PUGILISTS
UNDER ARREST
HOUSE DECIDES
NOT TO ADJOURN
JURY ACQUITS
IN FRAUD CASE
SENATORS SEND
FOR WITNESSES
BRITAIN AND ITALY ARE IN
ACCORD ON FOREIGN ISSUES
THIS PAN FBAiNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, KOYEMBER 21. 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R00SBR05?
Direct Attention to These
Attractive Offerings
for Boys and Children
-~— •
jiff PARENTS will find the
i iBa B present a good time to
eg E buy the young folks'
mS I necessary Winter Cloth-
ing, before the holiday
rush begins. Call at once
and examine these attractive offerings.
A A. 4k "5 FA
CHILDREN'S SAILOR SUITS
One of our popular offerings — These wool serge
sailor suits for the little fellows of 3 to 10. In
navy, royal, brown and red — embellished with rows
of soutache braid and embroidered emblems.
BOYS* TWO-PIECE SUITS
Another favorite with wise mothers is our regu-^
lation 2-piece suit for boys of 8 to 16. They come
in blue and black cheviots and mixed tweeds, with
double seats and knees. A most satisfactory bar-
gain. ,7^;'.
At $5
BOYS' OVERCOATS
i Maybe the boy needs an overcoat. Fit him with .
one of these long Oxfords. He'll be snug ' and
•warm. in it and look like a little man.
BOYS' LONG PANTS SUITS
The larger boys of 12 to 19 will like these man-
nish suits with long pants, and parents i will be
pleased with the quality. of the goods — these blue
I cheviots, mixed tweeds and fancy cassimeres.
YOUTHS' LONG OVERCOATS
Here's a line of natty overcoats for the large
boys of 14 to 19. Your choice of Oxford grays, fancy
cheviots or tweeds. Some have the new belted
backs, and all are long and well draped. Built like
the men's.
ROOS BROS.
KEARNV AT POST
MATRIMONIAL
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TURKEY
You'll Roar With Laughter at
This Story in the
NEXT SUNOAY CALL
4 +
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THAT THANKSGIVING
INVITATION
You've accepted demands that you pre-
sent yourspjf in your best attire,
Mak» sure that your linen is in proper
condition — that is, that It bears the U.
8. Laundry's imprint of excellence, and
. you can b« at ease and wear with con-
fidence "the emlle that won't come off."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
omen 1004 market stbeet,
Near Powell.
— — JJ
It is a beautiful thing for a
grocer to do, to sell Schilling's
5*est ; for the goods are good
and the dealing is high; there's
nothing higher in business."OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Samuel H. Mor
riKh, 29, and Ruby M. Egleston, 23, both
of Berkeley; George E/Shouburg, 2»,
Ban Francisco, and Vera G. Hoffman,
XI, Oakland.
Marriage- Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Mrs. Johanna
C. Thompson, who for several years
has. been an active supporter of the
Seamen's Rest on Fourth street and
Broadway, di«d Wednesday night at
her home, 914 Twenty-second street.
The funeral will be held at 2 p^ m. Sun
day from the First Methodist Episco
pal Church. The deceased was 64 yiarg
of T age and leaves a husband, two
daughters and a son. \
Mrs. Johanna C. Thompson Dead.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The ladies con
nected with the King's Daughters'
Home for Incurables desire to announce
that the sale of fancy articles, home
made candies and Jellies which was to
have taken place to-day, but was pre
vented by the inclemency of the weath
er, will occur at the rooms of the Mu
tual Benefit Club on Friday afternoon
and evenine and Saturday ..afternoon,
November 27 and 28.
Sale Is Postponed.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The officers of
the Alameda County -Sunday-School
Association, who will serve during the
ensuing year, were elected last night
at the annual convention held at the
First Presbyterian Church. The fol
lowing were elected:
President, I. N. Halliday; secretary.
Mrs. Lillie Baxley, 818 Sixteenth street;
treasurer, H. H. Gribben; department
superintendents (primary), Mrs. A. A:
Davis, (home) Mrs. L. E. Munro and
(normal) Rev. Madison Slaughter.
The members of the nominating com
mittee were Rev. F. H. McCollough,
Mrs. J. L. Lyon, Rev." H. B. Mowbray
and B. F. Edwards.
OFFICERS ELECTED FOB
THE COMING YEAR
Professof Stubenrauch of the depart
ment of agriculture of the University
of California had been requested to
rive an informal talk and his remarks,
drawn from a fund of experience, were
full of Interest for the ladies, who
have the beautifying of the city at
heart. He said that the planting or
sidewalk trees Bhould be a public work
and should be subject to supervision in
order to prevent Irregularity in the
kinds of trees chosen and also In their
arrangement. Evergreen trees, he said,
should not be planted in streets run
ning east and west, as the shade kept
the streets from drying up as rapidly
as they otherwise would In the rainy
season. Professor Stubenrauch gave
the committee a list of trees that might
be desirable for civic planting, the first
choice being the European white birch.
Mrs. Cora E. Jones is chairman of
the tree-planting committee and Miss
M. Tyrrell is secretary. - The committee
includes about twenty-five women.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The tree-plant
ing committee of the Oakland "Wom
an's Civic Improvement Club held a
meeting in the reception room of Mayor
Olney's office this afternoon and, not
withstanding the downpour of rain,
there was a good attendance.
Professor Stubenrauch of State Uni
versity Talks to Oakland Ladies
Upon. Street Improvement. S
THEE PLANTING SHOULD
BE TJNDEB, SUPERVISION
edge and Fanny French. N
Decorations— Reubena Jess, Georgia
Rattan, Rose Morkowitx, Dahlia Spen
cer, Eda Reichenbach. Myrtle Crom
well, Sadie Sturtevant, Cora La Salle,
Arthur Cooley, W. W. Mott, George
Young, Jack Levy, J. A. Neighbor and
Jeromo White. . • ,
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— The senior as
sembly attracted a big crowd to Hearst
Hall this evening, and everybody had
a good time until the last light was put
out, after 12 o'clock. Nobody was al
lowed to show his or her face, inside
the door unless he or she brought store
clothes and a nasal twang. The com
mittee stood at the door to see that
none but farmers got in. There were
poke bonnets and mother hubbards and
seedy whiskers and trousers tucked in
boots and all sorts of agricultural cos
tumes. The decorations were in keep
ing with the character of the affair and
excited as much comment as the
"rubes."
The first part of the evening was
given over to "gossip" and "lntroduc
ings." Then there were songs and reci
tations for a while. The dancing be
gan after 10 o'clock and kept up until
after 12 o'clock.
The senior assembly is a new thing in
college. It is designed to bring the se
niors closer together. It is purely in
formal, and Intended for the reception
of all seniors. The committees In
charge of the affaif to-night comprised
the following names:
Reception— MiBses Sadie Weed,- Carol
Day, .Edouardo Howard, Jessie Parks,
Ava Earle, Alice Graham, Beatrice
Snow and Mabel Games: Herbert
Evans, Scott ¦ Hendricks. Richard
O'Connor, Arthur Price, J. W. Geary,
Philip Carey, Hart Greensfelder and A.
R. Traphagan.
Refreshments — Misses Tallulah Le
Conte, Marian Stone, Elizabeth Mills,
Dorinda Whitten, Luella Morgan, Faith
Shoup, Portia Ackerman, Belle Cool-
FIGHTS FLAMES
SINGLE HANDED
Fred Seulberger Saves
His Home Prom
Destruction.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
That the residence of Julius Seul
berger, the well-known florist, at 164
Athol avenue was not destroyed by fire
Wednesday night, is due to the presence
of mind and quick action of Fred Seul
berger, the son of the owner of the
house.
On the evening mentioned the family
were all absent at the German Ladies'
Relief Society ball. Before leaving the
house Miss Daisy Seulberger had used
a small coal oil lamp to heat a pair of
curling irons, and in her haste forgot
to extingush the lamp and left It burn
ing on a stand near a partly open win
dow. After the family had left the
house the wind must have blown the
lace curtain against the lamp, Knock
ing the chimney to the floor, where it
was found broken, and setting fire to
the curtain, which blazed up and set
the window frame on fire.
The blaze was just gaining headway
when the son. who had returned home
before the rest of the family, entered
the house. He at once attacked the
fire, and after a hard struggle , Suc
ceeded lh extinguishing it. In the bat
tle "with the flames Mr. Seulberger* s
hands were painfully burned.
Celebrate President's Birthday.
OAKLAND, - Nov. 20.— A reception
was given by the students of Mills
College last Wednesday evening in
honor of the birthday of Mrs. C. T.
Mills, president of the college. Among
those present were Rev. and Mrs. R.
C. Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. George Mont
gomery, Professor and Mrs. Keep, Mrs.
and Miss Gilbert, Mrs. and Miss
George, F. C. Damon and Dr. Bertola.
On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Mills will
receive the college alumnae at Sorosls
Hall in San Francisco. . '
tary, Miss Katherine F. Byrne; financial
secretary, Miss Margaret Gallagher;
treasurer, Mrs. John Caherly; marshal,
Mrs. -Marius; guard, Mrs." Freitas; execu
tive committee. Mrs. C. E. Finney, Mrs.
M. A. Powell, Mrs. P. A. Rowe and Mrs.
Graves. .
The ladies of the Christian church gave
a social last evening at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Titus of 2500 Dura nt avenue.
After spending some time in amusements
refreshments were served to the assem
bly. ' . >¦*¦;-;••.';'«; ¦• ' ¦¦*---
The choir of the First Presbyterian
Church will- give a choral concert next
Tuesday evening for the benefit of the
building fund of the church. The choir
will be assisted -by Walter Manchester,
violinist, and Miss Lucy D. Hannibal, pi
anist. .';">•.• :¦¦'• <r
FOUR POPULAR UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CO-EDS WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE PART IN THE ARRANGE
MENTS FOR THE ANNUAL BALL WHICH WAS GIVEN LAST NIGHT BY THE SENIORS IN HEARST
HALL. • i . , < — -
The programme will include a scarf
drill by the Sunshine Club, a rainbow
selection by the Helping Hand Club,
a violin solo by John Roberts, "Tink
ers' " chorus by Leslie Jackson, Gatty
Jones and Sam Roberts; recitation by
Beryl Troxell, Chinese song in costume
by Joseph MacDonald and Charlie
Bailey, fancy dances by Stella MacDon
ald and Gertrude Chapelle, recitation
In Welsh costume by Laura Bailey, and
a Bong by six little girls.
Icecream and cake, candy and lem
onade will also be for sale.
The affair is under the management
of Miss Ida Fox, Miss Anna J. Parsons
and Miss Ethelwyn Mills. The children
xrill be assisted in their entertainment
by tome of the pupils of Miss MacDon
ald's school of grace culture.
The children, who range in age from
4 to 15 years, are greatly interested in
the bazaar, which is an annual event,
and is always attended with great euc
cess.
OAKLAN'D, Nov. 20.— Two little clubs
—the Sunshine and the Helping Hand
Club— which are composed of children
in the Unitarian Sunday school, will
give an entertainment to-morrow after
noon and evening for the benefit of the
Good "Will Free Kindergarten. The en
tertainment will include a bazaar where
fancy articles of all kinds, the work of
the little ones In the clubs, will be of
fered for 6ale.
TWO LITTLE CLUBS
TO AID KINDERGARTEN
Children Plan Entertainment, Pro
ceeds of Which Will Go to
Worthy Cause.
BERKELEY. Nov. 20.— The newly elect
ed officers of the Catholic Ladles' Aid So
ciety were installed in office this after
noon at Pond's Hall by Mrs. Carr, grand
president of the- order. The ladies were
Inducted into the following offices: Presi
dent, Mrs. James Dora n; vice president,
Mrs. Frank Elwell:' junior vice president,
Mrs. Hugh McEvoy; corresponding secre-
The William Mollers. accompanied by
Misses' Ernestine and Lillian Moller, are
in Washington, en route to Oakland.
• ; -,.' • r :i *
Miss Florence White of Alaxneda invit
ed a few friends to meet Miss Marlon
Smith at luncheon to-day, covers being
laid for Miss Smith, Miss May Burdge,
Miss Isabella Hooper of Alameda, Miss
Jacqueline Moore, Miss May Coogan, Misa
Florence Hush, Miss Ada Kenna, Miss
Viva Nicholson, Miss Florence Nightin
gale.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Taft expect to leave
for the East as soon as Mr. Taffs health
will permit. Miss Taft and Miss Dorothy
Taft will accompany their parent3.
• - • •
Tha Paul Lohses have taken up their
residence for the winter at the Albany
Hbtel, having rented their Webster-street
home. fii.Vr <$';?
Miss May Coogan entertained the Tues
day Club this week. Miss Lucretla Burn
ham winning the prize.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Butters have .re
turned to their home in Ciaremont after
a prolonged visit to Europe. Mr. Butters'
Eister, Mrs. Dudley Field of Stockbridge,
Mass., will be their guest for socie time.
Mrs. Grace Cooke has returned from an
extended visit to Honolulu.
The "ZW Club wag entertained last
evening by Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Clift,
among the players being Mr. and Mrs.
Robert S. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. Willard
Forsythe Williamson, Mr. and Mrs.
George E. de Golia, Mr. and Mrs. Seth
Mann, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lovell, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank C. Watson and Mr. and
Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham. •
Mrs. Beach Eoule will entertain a few
friends at an informal sewing- bee next
•week at the Metropole, where Mrs. Soule
is making her home.
• • *
Mispeg Xicholson and Mrs. A. A. Long
were the hostesses to-day at a very pretty
r^d luncheon in honor of the Misses Dun
phy. Covert were laid for Misses Dun
phy, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeia. Mrs. James
Tyson, Mrs. Roy Mauvais. Mrs. Wickham
Havens. Mrs. Frank Watson, Mrs. Ed
ward W. Edks, Mrs. George E. de Golia,
MIes Noelle de Golia, Mrs. Frank Pren
tirs Deering, Miss Huff, Miss Jennie Huff,
Mips Mamie Huff, Mrs. Bush Fennell,
Mrs. A. H. McKay of Santa Barbara,
Mrs. Frederick W. Morse, Mrs. William
S. Gagp. Miss Ena Langworthy, Miss Lil
lian Pomberthy, Mrs. Churchill Taylor,
Mrs. J. I.oran Pca*e, Miss Bertha Young
and Mrs. D. A. Proctor.-
On Thursday and Saturday evenings the
chief attraction will b'e "Tom Thumb's
Wedding," which will be enacted by the
Little Workers' Club, a band of children
organized to sew for the orphaned Infants
in the Home.
The annual doll show, which is always
one of the bis events of the early winter,
will take place this year on the 3d, 4th
and Tjih of December at Maple Hall. It
is for the benefit of the West Oakland
Home, and a large number of prominent
society women of Oakland are actively
interested in the affair.
The alliance is now divided into small
"working clubs" of ten or a dozen each.
Mrs. Donald MacN'icol is chairman of the
cIud which will be in charge next Tues
day. Her associates are ilrs. X. C. Ken
dall, Mrs. S. M. Tillson, Mrs. S. X. Wilder,
Miss Cobb, Mrs. Shattuck, Mrs. John
Conanl, Mrs. Kirkland, Mrs. A. fi. Jack
son and Mrs. George Meredith. Mrs. H.
L. Courtain is president of the alliance.
The ladies will also have for sale dainty
collars and aprons and home-made deli
cacies that will be suitable for a Thanks
giving dinner.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The Woman's Al
liance of the Unitarian Church will begin
activities for the winter next Tuesday
with .1 luncheon and sale. The luncheon
will be served at Wendte Hall from. 11:39
a. m. to 1 p. m. and will consist of real
home-cooked dishe*. The members of tho
Woman's Alliance have lengr been famed
for their excellence in the culinary art,
and the luncheons which they serve fre
quently during the winter are always well
attended.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
"The Southern Pacific Company does
not intend to charge fares between its
local stations. There is absolutely no
truth in the report that it would do
bo. It has never been discussed and has
never even been thought of."
Superintendent Palmer's positive lan
guage sets at rest all rumors as to the
company's future intentions and a good
many people, who use its line, but do
not travel on the new one, will be
pleased to know that they can enjoy the
free riding privilege awhile longer.
The rumor that the Southern Pacific
Company would charge fares on its
Berkeley local trains between stations
turns out to have been made without
authority. The company will continue
to carry free the people who prefer to
ride on the new ferry line and pay their
transportation to it. No less a persona
age than W. S. Palmer, division super
intendent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany on this side of the bay, denies that
the big corporation intends to make its
rival's passengers pay. Here is what
Mr. Palmer Baye about it:
Berkeley OJflce San Francisco Call.
T14S Center Street, Nov. 20.
Southern Pacific Official Says
Gates Will Not Be
Closed.
W. S. Palmer Settle3
All Doubt About
Free Rides.
The heirs are Sally McKee Pierce, the
surviving widow; Henrietta Watkinson
and Josephine Pierce, ' sisters of de
ceased. What the share of each will
be cannot be determined at present, as
It will depend upon how much of the
estate is declared to be community
property and how much the deceased's
separate property. Of the community
property the widow -will receive three
fourths and the sisters one-fourth, di
vided between them. Of his separate
property the widow will get one-half
and his sisters a half divided between
them.
Among the documents left by the late
Orestes Pierce nothing in the form of a
will has been discovered and to-day
two papers were filed with the County
Clerk in regard to the disposition of the
estate. A request was filed, signed by
Sally McKee Pierce, decedent's widow,
asking that Sam Bell McKee be ap
pointed administrator of the estate.
Accompanying this was McKee's peti
tion, stating that there was no will and
giving in brief the character of the
property and the names of the heirs.
According to the petition, the estate
consists of stock in the Willamette
Pulp and Paper Company, of which the
decedent was president; stock in the
San Francisco National Bank and other
corporations, bonds and promissory
notes and real estate. The value of the
property, it is said, exceeds $10,000, and
conservative estimates by men con
nected in business transactions with
the deceased state that it Will reach
$500,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
RAILROAD DENIES
STORY OF FARES
Property Valued at $500,000
Will Go to Widow and
Two Sister3.
No Will Can Be Found
Among the Papers
He Left.
ORESTES PIERCE
DIES INTESTATE
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— The enter
tainment of : the Columbia Park Boys'
Club by the Berkeley Junior Cadets,
which was to have taken place to-mor
row, was postponed to-day on account
of the rain. The entertainment will
take place next Saturday instead.
Postpone Junior Cadet Day.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20. — George Hart
and Henry Hampton were arrested to
day on the complaint of Joseph Ber
nard, who charges them with petty
larceny. They were employed by him
as cooks in his restaurant and he claims
that last night they robbed his cash
register of U 20. City Justice R. B.
Tappan will try the chefs Monday.
Cooks Bob Cash Register.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Salvador Roc
co, a youth whose family lives at Mar
shalls, Marln County, was sentenced to
a year in San Quentin to-day for steal
ing a horse, and an extra three months
for stealing a bicycle.-
George P. Taylor pleaded guilty to
stealing a bicycle and was sentenced
to six months at Folsom.
One Youth Appropriates a Horse and
Buggy and the Other a
Bicycle.
COURT SENTENCES TWO
YOUNG MEN FOB THEFT
Funeral of Dr. Esterle.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The funeral of
Dr. Albert M. Esterle was held this af
ternoon from 572 Thirteenth street.
Rev. E. R. Dllle, pastor of the First
Methodist Church, conducted the ser
vices. .The pall bea»ers were TV. H. H.
Graves, Emil Fritsch, Fred L. Button
and Mr. Hall. The interment was pri
vate.
Well Known Clergyman HI.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Rev. John
Bakewell. pastor emeritus of Trinity
Episcopal Church, has been ill for the
last two months, but is now recovering.
He" recently returned from Pacific
Grove, where he went to recuperate.
The meeting of the Associated Graduate
Students was not held last night on ac
count of the rain. It was postponed until
next Wednesday night at the same place.
South Hall. Professors Gayley and Clapp
will bo the speakers.
The winners of the preliminary trials of
the second annual ethical test for the
Bonnheim prize are announced as fol
lows: Max Thelen, president of the As
sociated Students and winner of tho Car
not medal: Robert L. McWilllama and
Irving S. Metzler, seniors in the college
of social sciences; Leo D. Bishop, a junior
in the college of sciences, and HJalmar J.
Ix)ken, a senior in the college of letters.
The trophy offered by M. J. Keller of
Oakland for the debaters of the Students*
Senate and Congress has been put on ex
hibition In the library.
Professor W. A. Setchell Informs a
friend at the university by letter that he
has been studying sea weeds in the col
lection of the University of Lund, Sweden,
for several weeks. He is ibout to v'sit
Christiania, Upsala, Stockholm, St. Pet
ersburg and Dublin for the same purpose.
The Boating Association has contracted
with a San Francisco builder to construct
a new pair-oared boat suitable to carry
a cockswain. The old wherry, which has
been in disuse at the clubhouse for five
years, will bo repaired by the same build
er. The club is considering the construc
tion of a new barge to duplicate the one
now in use. The money for these ex
penditures will come out of the fund re
cently raised by the Idora Park enter
tainment.
BERKELEY, Nov. 20. — Edmund H.
Twight, assistant professor of viticulture
and enology, in collaboration with Ray
mond Dubois, viticulturist to the Govern
ment of Cape Colony, has just. published
a complete translation of the second edi
tion on the teratise on "American Vines,
Their Adaptation, Culture, Grafting and
Propagation," by P. Vialla. professor of
viticulture at the National School of Ag
riculture, Montpeller. American vines
whose roots are proof against harm from
phylloxera are now being used in all tho
great wine-making regions of Europe.
The wine growers of^California, during
the last few years, have re-established a
great many of their vineyards on these
native resistant stocks. The work pub
lished by Messrs. Twight and Dubois gives
Information of great value to vlneyard
ists in regard to the properties of resist
ant vines. ,
Mayor Warren Olney departed for the
north to-day on a tour of investiga
tion, particularly with relation to the
conditions of water supply In the cities
of Portland. Seattle and Tacoma. In
cidentally the Mayor will collect all
the data available in those cities on
the subjects of garbage disposal, street
Improvements and other matters of
municipal government which are receiv
ing special attention at this time in
Oakland.
The trip will occupy about ten days,
and Mayor Olney expects on his return
to receive the report of Desmond Fitz
gerald, the eminent hydraulic engineer.
on the results of his investigation of
the Bay Cities Water Company's prop
osition to sell a municipal water sup
ply to Oakland.
Before his departure Mayor Olney
made the official statement that as
soon as Expert Fitzgerald's report has
been submitted immediate action would
be taken to submit all of the pending
bond issue projects to a vote of the
people.
During the Mayor's absence George
W. Dornin, president of the City Coun
cil, will act as executive head of the
government.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Will Investigate Condi
tions in the Large
Cities.
MAYOR DEPARTS
FOR THE NORTH
During the two months Miss Lanigan
acted as housekeeper, "Widower Neeley,
she claimed, proposed marriage to her
and was accepted. But the recently
bereaved husband insisted the engage
ment should be kept a secret until the
year of mourning had passed. At the
expiration of the twelve months Nee
ley, according to the plaintiff, refused
to wed her. Hence the suit.
The trial had been on for two weeks.
Arguments were concluded late this
afternoon and the case was submitted
to the Jury shortly before .6 o'clock.
The fair plaintiff that recovered thi3
substantial verdict had a long story of
mfsplaced affections to tell as the basis
of her claims against the aged capital
ist. Miss Lanigan declared that her
family and that of Neeley had been
close friends for forty years. When
Neeley's wife was stricken with what
proved to be a fatal illness, Miss Lani
gan went as a nurse into the Neeley
home until her death.
Afterward, Miss Lanigan said, she ar
ranged to return to the residence in San
Francisco of Mrs. Katherine Dougher
ty, her mother, but Neeley prevailed
upon her to remain at his hou3e until he
could straighten out his domestic af
fairs.
A Jury to-night in the Superior Court
gave a verdict In $8000 in favor of Miss
Mary Lanigan, who sued David Neeley,
a well-to-do Berkeley nurseryman, for
alleged breach of promise, an 8-months
old child figuring in the case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Josephine Stevenson has been given
a divorce from Alfred Stevenron on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
Minnie E. Ecker has been awarded
a divorce from Georg£ L. Ecker on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
Emma Drake has been given a di
vorce from James N. Drake on the
ground of desertion and was awarded
the custody of their child.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Celia Farmer against Robert Q. Far
mer on the ground of desertion.
Alfred Todhunter, a San Francisco
newspaper artist, was granted a di
vorce to-day from Sonora Todhunter
on the ground of desertion.
Nellie Leveque was granted a divorce
from George Leveque on the ground of
extreme cruelty.
A mother who would not be com
forted and a father who was attempt-
Ing to take his Infant" proyeny from
their mother's arms through due pro
cess of law occupied the stage In Judge
Hall's department this afternoon. The
matter is the outcome of the divorce
proceedings b^egun by Bert M. Landon,
a railroad foreman In the employ of the
Santa Fe, against May Landon, whom
he accuses'of being fond of the society
of me.n other than himself and in this
he Bays she Is cruel.
The Landons have been living at
Point Richmond, where he is employed
as night foreman. He nays his wife
went to parties with me* while he
was away. Prior to bringing the di
vorce suit he took their two children,
both under three years of age, to his
mother's home In this city. Yesterday
the mother sued out a writ of habeas
corpus and the children were produced
in court to-day by the Sheriff, where
there was much weeping on the * part
of the mother and her children. Pend
ing the disposition of the divorce pro
ceedings the Judge awarded the mother
the custody of the children.
Louise M. O'Rear was granted a di
vorce to-day by Judge Melvin from
William 'L. O'Rear on the ground of
infidelity. They have been married less
than a year. O'Rear conducts a sport
ing goods establishment in This city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Many Decrees of Separation
• Granted Unhappy Hus
bands and Wives.
Mary Lanigan Wins Suit
Against David Neeley,
Capitalist.
Jury Decides Breach of
Promise Case for
Plaintiff.
Much Weeping Disturbs
Oourt in Landon
PARENTS FIGHT
OVER CHILDREN
GIVES VERDICT
FOR THE WOMAN
'OAKLAND; Nov. 20.— William John
son, 27 years old, residing? at 37 Fre
mont street, fell from a newspaper tug
boat, early this, , morning „ at Broadway
wharf and was not discovered cling
ing; to the piling until after the boat
departed on Its return trip } to "San
Francisco. "Newspaper carriers rescued
the drowning man, who was taken to
the City Prison and dried out.
Narrowly Escapes Drowning.
Petitions are In circulation along: the
avenue for the signing of 'contracts at
twenty-two and. a half cents a square
foot for a pavement equal to that put
in on Clay street between Seventh and
Seventeenth, which is a model piece of
wor.k. The same contractors who laid
Clay street pavement have the Tele
graph" avenue matter In hand. V
Whereas. We are assured that tha property
owners along Telegraph avenue did, heretofore,
pave said street, expecting that the tame would
be accepted - by the Council, which was not
done;: and
Whereas. The property owners are disposed
to fix the street again In first-class shape; now,
therefore, as an act of justice to said property
ownsrs, we' are In favor of accepting Telegraph
avenue, between Sixteenth . and Thirty-sixth
streets, provided sewering and proposed street
work be done In accordance with specifications
adopted for said improvement. Signed:
B. C. CUVELLIER.
EDWIN MEESB,
GEORGE W. DORNIN.
ALBERT H. ELLIOT.
. -' ¦ N . ¦ G, E. AITKEN,
ALEX McADAM.
J. T. WALLACE,
B. H. P10N DLETON. u\'<?.
Eight members of the City Council
have signed an agreement to vote for
the acceptance of Telegraph avenue as
a public thoroughfare after the prop
erty owners renew the bitumen pave
ment on that main highway from Four
teenth street to Thirty-sixth. The
three members of the Council who have
not had an opportunity to sign are in
sympathy with the move and will, It
is understood, line up with the other
members.
It" was the property owners' desire
that assurance Should be given of ac
ceptance of the avenue after com
pletion of the work because of the
enormous* expense they have hitherto
been put under in the original bitumen
izing of the thoroughfare. That work
proved a complete failure, the rotting
out of the surface having left the
street in a dangerous and almost im
passible condition.
Efforts to induce the property own
ers to go to the expense of repaving the
avenue were checked for a long time,
because of the fear that the city would
not assume the responsibility for fu
ture repairs. \ That objection has been
overconie by the following agreement:
• OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 19, 1903.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 20.
Councilmen Sign a Con
tract as to Telegraph,
Avenue.
AGREE TO CARE
FOR THE STREET
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
Last-Year Students, Garbed as Backwoods Farmers, and Co-Eds,
Disfigured by Poke Bonnets and Mother Hubbards, Gather
Together in Hearst Hall and Enjoy, a Rollicking Evening
SENIOR ASSEMBLY AT THE UNIVERSITY
ATTRACTS A PICTURESQUE GATHERING
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin;y r ;
Have you used Pears'
soap ?
JL*J ; «$ . r V- Sold all over the world.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC FOR THE POOR.
Open Sundays and Evenings. Teeth «*- ,
tracted fre*. Graduates ot dentUtry. SmaijT
charse for material only/
POST-GRADUATE DEjrTAIi COLIZOS
San Francisco— 3 Baylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Watninarton Street.
Son Jos*— 45 East Santa CUra Strict.
Sacramtnto — I07V4 J Strtat.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.CHERBOURG, France, Nov. 20— The
military authorities hero have caused the
arrest of a man giving the name of Al
len. said to be a naturalized American of
French birth, on the charge of seekin*
to obtain Information regarding the mili
tary defenses of Cherbourg. Allen has
been under close surveillance and It Is
claimed .that he mingled with privates be
longing to artillery regiments and other
soldJers seeking to obtain details, of the
armament of the forts, and that he made
the friendship of a gunner, who reported
the facts to the military authorities. The
latter charged the gunner to secure evi
dence. It is claimed that Allen made two
written requests for information concern
ing the national defenses. His arrest fol
lowed. Allen will be expelled from
France.
Officials Suspect Stranger of Spying
to Learn About Cherbourg's
Military Defenses.
INQUISITIVE AJIEBICAN
EXPEIXED FROM FRANCE
EMPEROB TO SPEND
WINTER IN THE SOUTH
Kaiser Will Escape the Rigorous
Weather in Germany During
January and February.
BERLIN, Nov. 20.— Emperor William
may spend a portion of ,tha winter In a
southern climate.
The Potsdam agency which gathers the
court news says the Emperor's general
health "seems to require his escape dur
ing January and February from the un
favorable German winter," and the pro
jected trip if taken has nothing: to do with
tho recent operation. It Is added that the
healing of the wound Is now nearly com
pleted and that it is taking a normal
course. Precisely where the Emperor is
thinking of going is not communicated.
He went out for a walk to-day, although
it was cold and rain was falling-.
DUCKS!
Extra Hunters' Service on the Santa
. Fe.
Owing to stormy weather and rood shooting
between hero and ¦ Stockton, the Santa Fe has
extra cars for hunters on train leaving San
Francisco 4 p. m. Saturday and leaving: Stock
ton 2:55 p. m. Sunday,, to arrive In San Fran
cisco 6:25 p. m. .
A«k about ehoottne rrounds at 641 Market
street. '.•¦.-,'•;-- • .
Former Governor Passes Away.
CENTERVILLB, Colo., Nov/ 20.— F. M.
Drake, ex-Governor of " Colorado -and
founder of Drake University, 1 who . has
been ill at his home bere some time, died
at 10 o'clock this morning. '.
BERLIN, Nov. 20.— Naval Designer
Zopke reported exhaustively on the
uses of the telephone at sea before the
Shipbuilding Technical Society yester
day and exhibited a new stentorian mi
crophone, whereby a commander is
able to give audible commands to the
crews of six guns simultaneously. The
instrument at the same Instant is sus
ceptible to the faintest sounds and ex
periments are being made In the detec
tion of the approach of ships not yet
visible by placing v the instrument un
der water.
Designer Zopke also gave a demon
stration of • new fortification instru
ments, notably a call apparatus, which
Is as loud as a trumpet. ¦ '
The audience displayed special inter
est in explanations of Elisha Gray's
telautograph and the wireless tele
phone experiments of Professor Simon
of Goettingen.
Naval Designer Zopke Exhibits New
Instrument Before Shipbuilding
• Technical Society.
CAN TELL WHEN SHIPS
. NOT SEEN ABE COMING
Impost Id creased on Ar
ticles From Non-
British Territory.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand. Nov.
20.— The preferential trade bill, adopted
November IS by the House of Represen
tatives, places a duty of 20 per cent on
the following goods now free from duty,
when corning from countries outside the
Eritish Easpire:
Bicycles, gas engines, oil engines,
gunboats. Iron and steel cordage, sheet,
bolt and bar Iron, printing paper, rail
road and tramway rails, sail cloth, can.
vas and duck cloth and surgical and
dental instruments.
The bill doubles the present duty on
cement and adds 50 per cent to the du
ties on the following goods when from
non-British territory:
Basketware. bicycles, bcots, candles,
carriages, chinaware, clocks, cordage,
cream of tartar, earthenware, stone
ware, fancy goods, toys, firearms,
potted fish, furniture, cabinetware,
glass and glassware, hardware, iron
mongery, hops, nails, lamps, pianos, pa
perhangings, paper, platedware and
pumps.
The duty on tea grown within the
British dominions is removed.
The bill comes in force immediately
after it passes the upper hcuse, which,
it is said, v.ili be to-day.
besides providing increased duties on
foreign goods stated, the bill provides
for reciprocity with foreign countries
rocking concessions to New Zealand
products.
It is estimated that the increased du
ties will yield $350,000 to 5400,000,- against
which is th<» remission of the tea duty,
amounting to $200,000.
Famous Detective Says Scout Was
One of the Bravest.
AS PINKEBTON KNEW H0B1T
"While Horn may have committed
many crimes during his long experience
as a range detective for the cattle
men, there is one thing that I may say
for him, and that is he was as game a
man as ever lived."
William Pinkerton vouched for the
courage of Tom.Horn, for he had tried
the frontiersman and found him true.
It was while discussing with a number
of friends at the Palace Hotel last
evening the hanging of Horn yesterday
that the well-known detective, who has
been in this city for several days, made
xeference to the man's bravery.
¦ "Yes, sir," continued Pinkerton, "I
doubt whether Horn during his whole
life pn the frontier ever experienced
The airship, which was the one that
made the recent remarkable flight from
Moisson to Paris, ascended this morn
ing from the Champs de Mars, a crowd
of people witnessing its graceful as
cent. The airship maneuvered well
and moved against a brisk wind to
ward Meudon. When about to descend
there a current of air drove the ship
into a treetop, the branches ripped an
enormous hole in one side of the bal
loon and the latter collapsed, leaving
the framework of the superstructure
dangling from the tree. The two oc
cupants of the airship, M. Juchames,
an aeronaut, and Rent, the engineer,
were for a time in great danger, but
they succeeded In climbing down with
out sustaining any injuries.
The performance of the airship be
fore the accident was most creditable.
A distance of eight kilometers was cov
ered In twenty-seven minutes against
a brisk southwest wind, as calculated
by the Eiffel tower experts.
PARIS, Nov. 20.— The Lebaudy air
ship on descending to-day near the
ballooning grounds at Meudon struck
a tree and blew up. The whole airship
was completely destroyed, but the oc
cupants, a pilot and an engineer, were
uninjured. M. Lebaudy was not on
board.
Lebaudy's Aerial Craft
Is Destroyed in a
Collision.
AIRSHIP STRIKES
AND EXPLODES
Armstrong killed his sweetheart, Min
nie Ensminger, on Christmas night of
last year, shooting the girl twice. When
on trial he confessed the crime.
SALEM, Or., . Nov. ' 20.— Because
Pleasant Armstrong, the confessed
murderer of Mianle Ensminger, waa
not hanged In Baker County under the
warrant of execution Issued March 31,
it is now possible he will escape the
gallows altogether. This ¦ comes about
through the Interpretation of the law
given by Attorney. General Crawford.
Armstrong was sentenced' March 31,
but an appeal was taken and the death
penalty was not carried out. While
the matter was before the Supreme
Court the new law became operative
requiring that the death sentence be
carried out at the State prison here.
Armstrong: having been originally sen
tenced under the old law now prevents
him being punished under the new,
while the new law is held xo preclude
the possibility of his meeting death
under the former sentence, as the date
has expired and the prisoner would
have to be condemned a second time.
Habeas corpus proceedings are to be-'
gin at Baker City to release Armstrong
from the jail where he has been con
fined for almost a year.
The choice of death by shooting or
hanging is given the condemned in
Utah, and Mortensen chose to mee,t his
death by the bullets of the prison
guards.
PROFIT IN NEW
TARIFF BILL
Hay left his house shortly after din
ner that evening, stating he was going
to Mortensen's to collect some money.
That was the last seen of him alive.
December IS Hay's body was found
buried in a shallow grave in the middle
of a pasture not far from Mortensen's
house. A bullet-hole through the head
showed the manner of death. Morten
sen was immediately arrested.
Soon afterward Mrs. Mortensen left
Salt Lake with her children without
calling on her husband to say good-by.
The laws of Utah do not permit a wife
to testify against her husband, but it
was learned that Mrs. Mortensen con
sidered him guilty of the murder, be
cause of the fact that he had gone out
with Hay that night and remained over
an hour. When he returned he was
ghastly pale and cautioned his wife
not to tell any one he had left the
house.
A strong chain of circumstantial evi
dence was wound around Mortensen at
the trial and he was pronounced guilty
on the first ballot. The most sensa
tional incident of the trial was the
testimony of James Sharp. Hay's
father-in-law, who stated that he knew
on the night before the body was dis
covered that Hay had been murdered
by Mortensen. because '"God had re
vealed it to him." This so-called
"revelation" testimony was made the
basis of an appeal to the Supreme
Court for a new trial, which, however,
was denied, the jurors stating that
this had not influenced their decision in
any way.
This was the first legal execution In
Utah for seven years. Mortensen was
Fhot to death for the murder of James
R- Hay on the night of December 16,
390L The day following a report was
circulated that Hay, who was secre
tary of the Pacific Lumber Company,
had absconded, taking with him 53800
collected from Mortensen on a bill due
the company. Mortensen was indebted
to the company for material used in
his contracting business and had been
urged to make a payment. On Decem
ber 16 he called at the office of the com
pany, said lie had the money in gold
concealed in his cellar and asked Hay
to come around that night and get it.
The men were neighbors.
Mortrnsen refused to see ministers,
either of his own belief, the Mormon,
or any other denomination, and also
refused stimulants, saying he needed
neither.
Mortcnsca waa killed Instantly, the
four bullets from th« rifles of the exe
cutes sjcad concealed behind a thick
curtain la the door of the blacksmith
shop, twelve yards distant, piercing
the whlto target pinned over his heart.
"\\T.en the shots rang out. Mortensen's
body lunged forward In the chair, his
head dropj>ed on his breast and his
hands, strapped to the chair, quivered
a moment and thea were still. Exam
ination showed that all four bullets
had grone clear through his body and
Into the boards behind the chair. Mor
tensen's remains were later turned
over to his relatives for burial.
To the very last Mortensen asserted
his ir.nocer.ee of the murder of Hay.
"I did not kill Jimmy Hay," he said
to the newspaper men whom he sent for
Just before he was led to his death. "I
am innocent of this crime. Neither
here r.or in the hereafter will I forgive
those who have sent me to my death."
ing his courage to the last, he walked
to the chair, placed against the heavy
etor.e -wall of the prison yard, without
•weakening and bid the guards and
Deputy Soeriffs good-by \rtth no
tremor In his voice.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 20.— Peter
Morter.pcri, the slayer of James XL Hay,
waf f hot to death in the southeast pas
yape of the State penitentiary yard at
10:31 o"clock this morning. Maintain-
Attorney General Holds That
Death Penalty Cannot
Be Inflicted.
Squad of Executioners Fire
From Behind a Heavy
Curtain*
In Just sixteen minutes after the
drop Horn was pronounced dead by a
physician and his body taken down.
It was turned over to Charles Horn, a
brother of the dead man, and taken
by him to Boulder, Colo., for burial.
Tom Horn was born in Scotland
County, Mo., November 21. 1860. He
was a celebrated army scout, Indian
fighter and cattle detective. He was
the scout in charge of the party that
captured Geronlmo and was chief of
scouts under General Miles in his Por
to Rico campaign. In 1892 Horn par
ticipated in the raid against the cattle
rustlers of Johnson County, Wvo.
Horn was a self-educated man. He
spoke German, Spanish, Apache and
a number of Indian languages fluently.
Last summer he wrote a 160,000-word
history of his career. This book he left
to h!s stanch friend, John C. Coble of
Bosler, Wyo.
Horn was suspected of having com
mitted several murders besides the one
for which he was hanged.
There was no answer. The specta
tors passed out, each shaking hands
with Proctor and commending him for
the faultless execution.
noose.
Dr. Rafter prayed earnestly for the
salvation of the departing soul.
Proctor took up the black cap and
slipped it over the doomed man's head
and in this he was asisted by Horn's
movements of the neck.
Cahill and Smalley lifted Horn on
the trapdoor. Instantly water began
to run from the tank and in fifty sec
onds the trap fell.
"He sure died game," said Charlie
Irwin a minute later.
The condemned man coolly ducked
his head and thrust it through the
Proctor picked up the noose at 11:05
o'clock and started to place It over
Horn's head.
"What's the matter, Joe? (to Cahill,
who was rubbing his chin nervously.)
Ain't losing your nerve, are you?"
HELPS THE EXECUTIONER.
"I'll have to have a hand to get on
that thing," said Horn with a ghastly
smile.
Horn's hands were then securely
pinioned to his body and he was all
ready for the final strap on his feet.
Between Smalley. Proctor and Cahill
he walked out on the platform with
short steps and stood looking at the
noose.
"Well, Tom, a man's got to die only
¦ once, and it has to be, so be game.'"
"You bet I will."
"It's as well first as last, you know."
"Yes; it's all right."
"Well, good-by, old man. I wish I
could do something for you. Is there
anything you want me to do?"
"No, I wrote Coble this morning."
"Good-by."
"Good-by."
The two Irwins passed around back
to the lower floor in the front, where
they were within five feet of the drop.
Proctor began to fasten the straps.
Horn turned and twisted to suit the
executioner.
"Well. Joe," he said to Cahill, "I hear
you are married and doing well; that,
you are County Clerk. Is that so?"
"Yes, Tom, it's true," answered Ca
hill.
"Well, I'm glad to hear it."
"Tom." said Charlie, "did you make a
confession to the murder of Willie
Nickel?"
"No." /
Charlie and Frank Irwin then sang
that old cowboy railroad song. "Keep
Tour Hand Upon the Throttle and
Tour Eye Upon the Rail."
The rich yet untrained voices of the
two brothers rang through the corridors
and brought tears to the eyes of the
spectators. When the song was fin
ished Proctor said:
"Charles and Frank Irwin will pass
around to the left and come above."
"Thank you, Ed," said Tom, and the
two brothers were on the balcony In
another moment.
COWBOY SONGS FOB. H0B.N.
"Hello, Tom," said Irwin, with a
pleasant smile and a wave of his hand.
"Hi, Charlie," answered Horn with a
smile.
"Charlie Irwln will sing." said Proc
tor, as Horn neared the edge of the bal
cony and looked down.
Horn «rot up off his couch and walked
out of the door. He was pale and thin
from long confinement, but he was
same.
"Ain't losing your nerve, are you.
Joe?" said Horn. Then the cap was
adjusted and he stood with clenched
flats Trailing for the drop.
When tho spectators had been ad
mitted to the Jail the Rev. G«orge H.
Rafter climbed up a ladder to the tier
la which Horn was confined and opened
a prayer-book. The massive Iron doors
opened as Under Sheriff Proctor, Sheriff
Smaller, Cour.ty Clerk Joseph Cahill
and Deputy Sheriff Leslie Snow ap
peared.
PTank and Charles Irwln sang a sen
timental cowboy song and were allowed
to shake hands with Horn. Horn's last
word was to Joseph Cahill, County
Clerk, who assisted on the scaffold.
CHETENXE, Wya, Nov. 26.— Tom
Horn died at 11:0$ a. m., game to the
last and smiling. His neck was broken
by the frJl of the trap* ,
Horn <tenied that he had ever con
fessed the murder of Willie Nickel, but
told his spiritual advisers he had been
guUty cf crimes, but not willfully so.
Ten minutes before he was bound for
the scaffold he lay on his cot smoking
a eignr and looking out at the specta
tors.
"When the war broke out Horn re
ceived an order from General Miles to
organize a squadron of packers, and he
gathered together a picked lot of cow
boys and Indians, who reported to him
to St. Louis, where they were fitted out
and finally shipped to Cuba. There they
remained until the end of the war, do
ing good service. Horn returned to
New York an invalid from yellow fever
and broken down in health and he was
sent to a hospital in Montauk, L. I.. It
was there my brother, Robert, found
him, and after securing his release, had
him sent back to the West.
"While a deputy United States Mar
shal, engaged In ridding the Western
cattle ranges of its desperate bands of
rustlers, Horn showed himself to be a
most courageous fellow, never faltering
for a moment in the face of the great
est danger. He was credited with 're
moving' forty or fifty of the worst of
the men who were engaged in the
stealing of cattle. Some say that men
who undertake this kipd of work are
not particularly game, but I will say
that Horn was game, although I do not
approve of his methods of getting rid of
objectionable characters.
"On my way out to San Francisco
this time I stopped off at Cheyenne
with my nephew apd tried to see Horn
at the Jail. I felt that the least that I
could do, knowing that he was about to
be hanged, would be to call on him and
bid him good-by and give him a few
cigars or some other comforting arti
cle, but they told me that no one was
allowed to visit him. When I first saw
Horn he was a stalwart fellow, weigh
ing over 200 pounds, but they told me
at the Jail the other day that he had
fallen away to less than 165 pounds and
had become emaciated from long con
finement Drink waa his ruin. Had he
abstained from liquor, Tom Horn,. ln-_
stead of going to the gallows to-day,
would have lived to enjoy a reputation
that few men can boast of."
"At night they raided the place and
captured one McCoy, whom they
strapped on a horse, and riding back
twenty-five miles the prisoner was put
aboard a train In charge of Shores and
conveyed to Colorado. Horn went back
to the shack alone to % capture 'Peg-
Leg/ and after a wait of thirty-six
hours was gratified in sighting his man
approaching across the prairie. When
the horseman came within shooting
distance Horn covered him, and a few
minutes later 'Peg-Leg' was a captive.
As had been done with the robber's
pal, Horn put his man on a horse and
again made tracks for the railroad,
where he caught a train and without
a warrant succeeded in getting his
prisoner back Into Colorado.
"Later, Horn went south and cap
tured another of the gang, all of whom,
by the way, are now serving life terms
in the penitentiary in Detroit. Unfor
tunately, Horn got to drinking and I
was forced to threaten him with dis
missal if he did not quit. The last time
I saw him we'were bound westward on
a train, he for Ogden and I for this
city. He was drinking then and I told
him that it was his last chance and
that instructions had been left by me in
Denver to dismiss him if he showed up
drunk again.
"Shores took quite a fancy to Horn,
and It was on tho recommendation of
the former that Horn finally secured
employment with our agency In Den
ver. I remember distinctly fourteen
years ago I saw Horn for the first time
In Denver, when he came In from Ari
zona for a job. He was a big, loose-
Jointed fellow, with long dark hair and
a sort of Indian cast of features, that
attracted my attention. After a short
trial we sent him to the ranges, and he
did good work there. It was not, how
ever, until the McCoy gang held up
the De'nver and Rio Grande train In
the Wet Mountains, near the Utah
border, that Horn was given. a chance
to prove his gameness. Bands of men
were roaming the country in all direc
tions looking for the notorious robbers,
but, as is usually the case In such cir
cumstances, they were accomplishing
little good. We finally decided to dis
patch Horn to the front, and he sent
for his friend Shores. Together they
started on the trail of the McCoys, and
with their experience as woodsmen
were soon close on the gang, which
they had trailed across Colorado, Kan
sas and into the Indian Territory. One
day they came upon a shack in which
they discovered that 'Peg-Leg' and an
other of the McCoys were putting up
with several Cherokee Indians.
the sensation of fear, and I say that
In full knowledge of the fact that for
years he traveled about a marked man.
He began his remarkable career on th*
borders of the Western Territories, and
eventually, as a scout under General
Crook and later under General Miles,
he proved himself a valuable man to
the Government. "With Sheriff Shores
of Gunnison, Colo., Horn played an Im
portant part In the capture of Geron
imo, and later made a splendid reputa
tion for himself In running down some
of the worst criminals the "West ever
knew.
Change in Oregon Laws
Blocks the Wheels
of Justice.
Utah Murderer Legally
Shot to Death in
Prison*
BULLETS END
CRIMINAL'S LIFE
Murderer's Old Companions Sing Cowboy Songs While the
Noose Is Being Adjusted, and Occasion Is Made One of
Grim Fun by Condemned Man While He Waits for Drop
MURDERER MAY
ESCAPE GALLOWS
DEFIANT AND JOCULAR, HORN
WALKS UP TO THE GALLOWS
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 20. — Th*
transfer of Embassador .Surousoff .from
Paris to Ronie. and that of Embassador
Melidoff from Roma to Paris are gazettted.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— A bill was in
troduced to-day by Senator Blackburn of
Kentucky providing that the Secretary of
the Treasury be authorized to settle the
claim of Queen Lilluokalanl in full satis
faction.
ASKS KING VICTOR'S
OFFICES FOB PEACE
Bt. Hon. Leonard Courtney Urges
Italy's Sovereign to Further
Cause of the Hague.
" LONDON, Nov. 20.— After shooting
in Windsor covers this morning King
Victor Emmanuel " received addresses
from a number of deputations, includ
ing one of the Peace Society, headed
by the Right : Hon. Leonard Courtney,
thanking the Italian King for his ser
vices in ~ the cause of arbitration and
praying him Jto use his influence toior
ward the ' work of The Hague confer
ence with the T view. • of reaching some
YORK. Pa., Nov. 20.— The plant of the
New, Freedom Wire . Cloth Company, a
short distance from here, was destroyed
by flre to-day. Loss, $75,000; partly in
sured.
Wire Cloth Plant Destroyed.
Unknown Man Attempts to Take
the Life of Senor Briesta of
Spain.
MADRID. Nov. 20.— An unknown man
fired three times with a revolver to-day
at Senor Briesta. one of King Alfonso's
tutors, who was slightly wounded. Tho
attempt on the tutor's life is believed to
nave been the outcome of a private quar
rel.
KING ALFONSO'S TUTOR
IS SHOT BY STRANGER
agreement between the powers, "which
may bring relief from the crushing
burdens caused by the Incessant in
crease of armaments."
THE SAN FBAJS T CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
GIBRALTAR. Nov. 20.— The Colum
bia, the sailing boat, nineteen feet long,
in which CaptainEIsenbrawn left Bos
ton August 11 alone for Marseilles, has
arrived here. Vr.'-.vi-- -,,
Columbia Arrives at Gibraltar.
5
THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM v'V
To begin in a befitting manner this year's wonderful holiday display of French, German and x
Austrian dolls and toys, we have planned a children's day for the big store. This is the day. To-day, ]$
Saturday, November 21, the store belonjs to the little folks. A dazzling show awaits them on the second J
floor— the largest, the most beautiful collection of imported toys that we have ever shown. Thou- x
sands of flaxen-haired French and German dolls; wonderful hill climbing locomotives and automobiles; £
perfectly working mechanical traios with stations, signals, everything; whole menageries of animals X
true to nature; a treat indeed for the fortunate young folks who will visit the big store to-day, »and the «
older people are going to have a good time, too. '
• * * ***•••••••*•*•* • •• • • x
. And Most Wonderful of AN *
the Smallest Living People on Earth $
Will Be Here to Greet Our Young Visitors |
Juan and Martina De la Cruz, who arrived here from the Philippines last week on'theirway*to x
the World's Fair, St. Louis. They are brother and sister — the young woman being 31 years old £
and 27 inches high, the man 29 years of age and 29 inches high. Positively the -smallesttsmall^people, X
you have ever seen. We have any number of dolls taller than Juan and Martina are. %
These marvelous little folks will be on second floor, where the principal exhibits are, from to to T2 •£
a: m. and 2 to 5 p. m. to-day \ the first lime they have ever been seen in public in America, and no X
charge will be made to see them. %
• * *••* * • •* • *********** •* j|
All of the special sales to-day are of goods for children. Prudent mothers J
will appreciate the savings indicated by the prices quoted in this ad. Many#other J-
values equally as good that space will not permit us to^mention. J
School Hats 59c Beaded Necklace 15c I
For Little Misses TT Chlldran's Day Only |
Hundreds of Rough Scratch Felt Hats, trimmed Hundreds of pretty chains of black and : ;
with ribbon streamers, and some with silk cord, colored beads, the kind that sell regu- £
and tassel; the colors blue, tan, brown and larly from 25c to 50c each; on special g
red, that were si. 00, ready for szQg* sale in main aisle, to-day only, at 15c 5
mothers to-day at %*%*%* ' "x
Girls' Scratch Felt Sailors— Trimmed with rosettes Sale Qh&foJelifflO Bat/S £
of felt and streamers of felt; just the thing for Sizes Suitable for Girls '«
the rainy season; colors blue, red, Cht%tn> «
tan, and brown; were $1.50, now. . W*» Chatelaine Bags— In silver and gun metal, fin- fr
., . A . , ished with long chain and chatelaine attach- «J
Main Aisle. £ ments; tQ . day X
'£**+§** Hn^jammfnMMnmj***** 1f%*% Chatelaine Bags — In silver and gun metal finish, %
&&B& rGrlUBFMGry I%JC with hook attachments, larger size than above; {
Various Articles for Children to-day 49c ';
Children's Holiday Package, containing one bottle Cha^ a i ne , Ba .? S T Of + silver «, n me * al £«**• $
of good- perfumery and twosmall cakes of nicely W1 h hook attachments, good size, pretty -design, |.
scented soap; special for children's * n * extra finish; to-day 69c %
day only— box . . *t#5* Main Aisle- X
Wrist Bagi— Red, blue, green, morocco 2SO Ati4g%ni«shinn l/sifl^OC "5
Music Rolls-Calf skin, a.so.ted color. 7SO MSWOniSMny V 3IUCS J
Writing Portfolios— Grain leather, rxtra value. .. 75O t^ k Erh4t'% mzya +9 '*
Chalelains Bags— Morocco and genuine sral . ... 500 V MUEkMBMBIJ X
Perfums Atomizers — Colored Bohemian glass . . . SGo _ ,»„-.«_ a A ~ i~. c- «r
Fancy Perfume-4 bottles in pretty carton . . ,.. . 2So Boys\Lon*-Cut Overcoat-And very looje-fittmg.-warm '«
Holiday Perfume— Colgate's; 1 soap, 2 perfumes . 25© Oxford gray material with, velvet collar and tlash pockets. Other % %
Work BOX -Celluloid finish, very handsome. . . . 7SO stores will show you the tame styles but not a: the same price, or X
Work Baskets-Satin lined, with work tocls. .. $f.0|J anywhere near the pr.ee. We far all sum &*> VJ fiT *
' Handkerchief Boxes— Hand-painted celluloid top. . 50O from 4 to 15 years at mp^im-T+P j,
Olive Wood Inkstand— With penho'derand pencil.. BOo Boys* School Suits — Ofvarious colored twrcis, good stoat X
Autograph A'bum — Celluloid front, large sze. . . 4OO Ubt.cs, well made, donble-breasted sack coat & <f 0£? X
Scrap A bums— Embossed fancy liaen cover. . . . 25O ani knee pants; sizes from 8 to 15 years .. . '%
P01UI Card A'bums — Linen cover, heavy leaves . -75O _ , .. , ,„ - ., n» »««J m ?-.:,7 :_ — 11 1 j c
Black-Eyed Su-an Necklaces-a yards long . . . 6O0 NorloU f, Suits— Of good materials, » well selected .5
J " colorings, well made garments that will n: and give 4f JS
In Rotunda. . satis "action, sizes 9 to 14 yean; complete suit. .^Pmm%fm&
_ y \^x Boys' 3-Picce Suit— D«t tweed effects, military^cut coat. X
rjoII SalG ¥*i$\ shape!y ' u P- to - da " » nit * f ° r b °p 8 to 15 /fcr x
'*~** mm tc4feH9sf years +JS^* M^r^f X
For Children's Day £f^\}: Long Pants Svlts— For ages 1 1 to 19 years, single or jc
, ] J~J 'T> double breasted coats. We study the young man's tastes very care- 5 '
This 12^6-inch Indestructible Doll, >A \\ fully, and bs he given to Kdate or extreme patterns in hi» clothing, «£
with glass eyes, curly mohair wig, ft V ™ the m m^ ** ° f """ $5*00 «
dressed in a fancy Cloth chemise, jjjj _ \ Svits-For yean'our label has been worn by |
will be On Special Sale in the main & ~ . I a large majority of boys who have donned nautical attire, 'and we X
aisle to-day while quantity <a <g^ w" TV "'V MU^ ro!t tha£ ** f' c • atiihctor r j*fi x
" / ~ W mmS j 1 1 \ • We offer the new Peter Thompson suit with long trousers, made of ,U
laStS— eaCn •• (JV navy blue Washington cheviot, chevron on sleeves* and white braided *X>
mmmmmm mmmmmm.mmmm~-mmmmmmmmmmmMmMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm-mm—mmmmmmmmm Cellars and Cuff), emblem On ih'ield, 3 VeTJ jaunty SUlt altogether; "5 '
Densiow's "Night Before -^ ; t ; UV^JfSE ||
Christmas" - - - for 65c «i« st^oo ||
The famous "Night Before Christmas," by Clement C. *%m -mm m m* *i
Moore, made into a book and illustrated by W. W. GhllUPCn S rUJPS *j
Dcnslow, regularly $1.35 each,^ will be found on Nothing is more appropriate for presents than 5|
special sale in mam aisle, on children's fig-^ pretty fur sets for children and misses, and there g
. day only, at %*%*%* Js scarce j y any thing that the little ladies like bet- g }
Popular Books for Young Folks— • 'Birds* Xmas Carol," by ter to receive. We show the largest variety and § '
Wiggins; "Captain January," by Richard,; "Little Button Rose," choicest Stock of these at Very reasonable prices. § '
by Louisa M. Alcott; ••Nonsense Song," by Lear— -»-» K 5
e ; c h 39C Children's Angora Sets — X, i
SL Nicholas— Bound, for i 9 o 3 ; * vols $3.35 98c, $U0, $1.98, $2i 0,52.75, $3.75, $iS0, $5.00 and $7^0. JS
Sunday for Children-For 1904 $1.00 Misses' Fur Sets— Up to . .•.'•^: . . .$18.50 Si
Chatterbox— For 1904 9Oc __ — S
"Two Little Savages "-The new book, by the author "Wild Ct3SStSff*OfS S SmSOQS *
Animals I Have Known" $1.75 „ A n ... %r a * X '
¦ « Best Possible Values x.
Childl*en'S> UntlePWear "vid -kid, with patent leather ti^fand^and |
and Hosiery 25c tur s"« ijSJfjair . . 750 5 * s, p^ . . $uoo \
Children's ixi and 2x1 ribbed Australian lamb's wool Infants' and Children's Shoes— Patent leather, with J
Hose, fait Mack, mrrino heel tnd toe, sizes 5 to 9; o — dull kid tops, either lace Or button Style. 'j
pair. . • . •"; '• • • **>C Sizes I to 6, pair . $1.QO 5 to S', pair . . $i25O %
Children's ixi and 2 xi. ribbed fast black cotton Hose, Infants' Velvet Top Shoes — A pretty little novelty jf
extra hravy 4 thread, double knee, heel tnd toe, sizes c lace shoe. X
6toio-pair . . . . £OC Sizes i to 6, pair . $1.00 5 to 8, pair . .$1.50 %
Children's Underwear— * Ssn 9 f}f Misses' and Children's 5
. Extra heavy, jersey rib- '^ :£ JU%^ f X * * — " Sh0€S — Vici kid Or *
bed, fleece lined; vests, calf, lace Style, X
pants and boys' draw- CA uf Ornia . s largest, jff ,, M spring heel. $
ers; silver gray color; > GBANDEST 8TORE Sb« j# to „. $ U25 \
sizes 20 to 34; per - . ¦ . xi# to a . . . S/.5O 5
o — Special Sale Goods ordered by mail or 5
garment.. . . £OC telephone will not be sent C O. D. At Main Entrance. X
¦ SEE THE : FULL PAGE
PHOTOGBAPHIC T-v-'
PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.I' Some people pay starve to death wares
and then want to kick out the corpse.
. The singing society of the Mission
Turn Vereln will . present a German
operetta in two acts/ entitled "Der
Frelschuetz von Kamerun," at their
hall : on Eighteenth street, near • Valen
cia,, on Sunday - night, November 22.
Professor , C. Hoffman will be the musi
cal director and Hans Veronl the stage
director. . The entertainment will be
followed by a dance.
Will Present Operetta.
The members of the Emiliana Mu
tual Benefit Society of San Francisco,
an Italian organization, have elected
Gugllelmo Marconi as honorary pres
ident of that society. He has accepted
the compliment conferred on ( him and
the society is now about to send him
a handsome testimonial. It Is in the
style of a diploma and is wrought on
parchment and beautifully illuminated
in gold and brilliant colorings.
' The border Is of most graceful design
and interwoven therein are the coat of
arms of Italy. ; the United States, San
Francisco, Naples, ' Sassarl, Genoa,
Florence..- Turin, Forll, ' Modena, Pla
cenza. Bologna, Regglo Emlllo, Raven
na, Ferrara," Milan, Venice, Leghorn,
Palermo" and Rome. In the center the
following inscription Is engraved:
"The Society Emiliana of Mutual
Benefits of - San Francisco proclaims
that! Gugllelmo Marconi has been made
honorary president ; of the order." *
The . testimonial _ is ; the .work of Al
bert • Portia. It 'will; be forwarded to
Rome next week.
Italian. Residents of This City Pre
sent Him With Beautiful Illumi
nated Testimonial. :
MARCONI IS HONORED
W? BY A LOCAL SOCIETY
A" big crowd gathered yesterday in
Justice of the Peace Van Nostrand's
court ln the expectation of seeing Mrs.
Mande Waters try on- a dress made by
Miss ; "lf. Ostrander, a dressmaker,
which the former declared did* not fit.
On that account Mrs. Waters had re
fused,* to pay $C5 75 balance dufe on the
dregs arid Miss Ostrander sued her for
the amount. . . : .
• Mrs. Waters had declared her inten
tlori to array herself in the suit to show
that it was a bad fit. The curiosity
seekers, however, were disappointed, as
Mrs.* Waters' attorney announced that
his client had changed her mind and
would not try on the dress. On that
showing Judge Van Nostrand was con
strained to give Judgment In favor of
AIlss Ostrander, who averred that the
dress was a perfect fit.
Urs. Maude Waters Changes Her
- Mind .end Judgment Is Given ;
Against Her.
EEFT7SES TO TRY ON
• 3--3J THE DEESS' IN COXTET
Nine members of the crew of the
steamer Edith filed a. suit in interven
tion yesterday in the libel of the Pro
greso Steamship Company against the
steamer Charles Nelson in the United
States District Court for their share of
the' salvage of $35,000 sued for.
United States Commissioner Morse
In : the libel of S. '*F. Weeks Company
vs. the schooner Glen reported to
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday that he had found that In
tervenor the Pacific Marine Railway
and Ways Company was entitled to
$100, and Intervenor Hay &" Wright to
$200. ;
In the . same court Police Patrolman
E. C. Gould arid A. O. Jouel and John
J. Callaghan were awarded $100 each,
the informer's fee in the case of Gavan
and- Kirk, convicted of smuggling opi
um from the City of Puebla. The drug
was sold by auction. and brought the
Government $700.
Informers in Opium Smuggling Case
Receive Pee of One Hundred
Dollars.
LIBELS AND AWARDS IN
U. S. DISTRICT COTJBT
George Roundy stated that some of
those who had signed as opposed to
the extension did not reside in the dis
trict affected, but L. Ferreri declared
that the list of names to whom no
tices were sent had been verified by
Houndy. The committee decided to
canvass the names to ascertain if the
signers lived in the districts before
making any recommendation. The
milk dealers are opposed to the ex
tension of the limits, as they say It
•will Interfere with their business.
A poll of the residents in the Uni
versity Mound and Bay View districts
taken by the Supervisors' Health Com
mittee developed yesterday that there
were 508 votes against the proposed or
dinance extending the limits within
¦which it is prohibited to keep more
than two cows and 143 in favor of the
measure. The committee had taken
this means to determine whether thfe
ordinance should be passed by the
board.
BIG MAJORITY OPPOSES
EXTENDING COW LIMITS
Supervisors' Health Committee De
cides to Canvass the Vots on the
Proposed Ordinance.
Manager Root of the New York-
Pennsylvania* mine has bonded the
Seven -Thirty and Bowery claims near
Grass Valley. The Ethel quartz claim
in the Washington district has been
bonded by stockholders of the Murchle
mine. A company has been incorpo
rated to operate the Conlon mine near
Grass Valley.
A combination has been effected of
all the claims on Cooper Hill lii Plu
mas County. It is supposed that one
main crosscut tunnel will tap them all.
The eastern extension of the Galena
quartz claim near Groveland, Tuol
umne County, has been bought by F.
Danford of Los Angeles. Th_e Mlyah
poo quartz claim hear Columbia has
been bought by A. M. Divoll.
Veith and Pallaton placer mines near
Mokelumne Hill by S. T. Allen for
$20,000, and the purchase by D. Fri
cot of the Wade Johnson placer mine
near San Andreas.
Psi VtJpsilon Banquet.
The seventieth annual banquet of the
Psi Upsilon .Union: will take place at
the California ; Hotel next . Tuesday
evening. "'¦ All" the members of the union
are invited : to. be present..
A party of well known San Francis
co people, under .the corporate name
of the . Tonopah Fortune^ Com
pany, has bought the property in Ne
vada known as ,. the ,. Eaglevllle mine.
It. is near Eaglevllle, Churchill County.
The ore is principally gold bearing. As
a result of several thousand feet of de
velopment a strike that is reported to
run $54 to the ton has been made on
the 260-foot level. - A large amount of
ore is reported to be in sight. The ex
perience of the San ; Francisco com
pany is attracting attention to that
part' of Nevada as a possible large
gold producing section. : r
; The Garibaldi placer claim on the
south fork of . the , Calaveras River, has
been leased to F. H. Juchter j of San
Francisco. Among other recent deals
in Calaveras County are the sale of the
Johnston , hydraulic, mine" on, Willow
Creek, for J3200;., the, bonding .of the
Section 1 — Wherever any patent for mineral
lands within the State of California, Issued
or granted by the United States ¦ of America,
shall contain a statement of the date of the
location of a claim or 'Claims upon which the
granting or issuance of such patent ls based,
such statement shall be prima facie evidence
of the data of such location.
In accordance with the recommenda
tions of the proper committee two bills
have been drawn to provide that all
patents for mineral lands hereafter
contain a statement of the date of the
location of the claims. The first sec
tion of the proposed State law is as
follows: . . yT'^
In view of these facts the committee
recommended that Instead of any long
er continuing to urge the appointment
of a Secretary of Mines and Mining,
which it seems impossible to obtain at
this time, it should be urged upon Con
gress to create a distinct and separate
bureau under the Secretary of the In
terior or the Secretary of Commerce
and Industry, which will have full
charge of collections of mineral statis
tics of the country, and also of all mat
ters relating to the entire mineral in
dustry, the head official of which shall
be known as the Commissioner of
Mines and Mining. . . ;,,-,
TEXT OF NEW BILL.
When the United States Geological Survey
was formed they began about 18S2 to collect
figures of products of all mineral substances
except the precious metals. This has since
continued. That la. there are two depart
ments of the Government, one working 1 on
gold and silver, and the other on other min
eral substances of which there are ln all sixty.
This work, could as well be done by one de
partment, and ln fact better results, would
accrue.
It rhould be stated that in 186", and up to
1S76. the United States had a United States
Commissioner of Mining Statistics, but as the
industry was at that time of comparatively
little Importance, the office was abolished ln
1ST6. and nothing regarding the mining in
dustry was published by the Government un
til in 1S80 when the matter of collecting sta
tistics was turned over to the Director of the
Mint. Even then he obtained figures for gold
and silver only.
HISTORY OP MOVES.
according to the Ideas of Conjrrew. It mat
ters little to us which one phall be relegated
to oblivion. Possibly the United States Geo
logical Survey may best perform the Bervlces,
pospesslnR as it does do many skilled men.
trained to the work, and with a larger annual
appropriation than th» other divisions.
The juveniles in the neighborhood of
the settlement are given means of
amusing themselves through the good
ness of the ladies of the settlement.
Twice a month interesting lectures,
Illustrated by stereoptlcon views, are
given and the other two weekly meet-
Ings are devoted to concerts.
Last night the concert was 'a par
ticularly good one. • Miss Ardella Mills
and George McBride rendered solos
that were keenly appreciated. Miss
Turrer played a selection on the violin
and Miss Marie Wilson gave a piano
solo.
The little ones present clapped their
hands and the success of the ladles'
attempt to amuse their wards was evi
dent.
Much credit for the successful enter
tainments given by the settlement is
due to the chief worker. Miss Luclle
Eaves, and the council of which Mrs.
Mary W. KIncald is president. Owing
to the Christmas season coming on
next month the December concert will
be omitted, the next one being given in
January.
The South Park Settlement gave its
regular bi-monthly concert last night
at the Settlement Home In South Park.
The short but excellent programme
was thoroughly enjoyed by the young
folks present.
Efforts of the Ladies Who Af
ford Them Amusement.
Young Folks Thoroughly Enjoy the
SOUTH PARK SETTLEMENT
GIVES BEGUI«AR CONCERT
"When a man boasts that he never kicks
his brain Is too soft to yank up his legs.
The division superintendents of the
Southern Pacific Company from all
over the big "Western system have been
in conference with General Manager
Kruttschnitt and Manager Agler for
several days regarding various matters
pertaining to their particular branches
of the road, and especially as regards
needed improvements. These matters
will be reviewed by General Manager
Kruttschnitt before - President Harri
man when he arrives here ne.xt week.
Superintendents Confer.
Relief for Commuters.
For the convenience of Its patrons
and with a view of saving much time,
the Southern Pacific Company has Is
sued instructions to Its agents in Oak
land and at the mole that hereafter
they are not to punch commuters* tick
ets. The holders of commutation tick
ets when boarding the trains and pass
ing through the ferry gates on that
side of the bay will simply show their
tickets. Returning to Oakland the
tickets will be punched as heretofore.
Much delay in traffic has been experi
enced through the inconvenient neces
sity of punching tickets and the new
rule will no doubt be welcomed by the
traveling public.
Clergymen Plan Retreat
The Episcopal clergymen of the dio
cese will Join Bishop Nichols in a re
treat at Belvldere, commencing Tues
day, December 8, the first week In.ad
vent. Services will be held In the
newly constructed chapel.
Host Rev. P. W. Riordan, Archbishop of
Sar Francisco. 1100 Franklin street, City —
Your Grace: Herewith pleaee find' inclosed
a copy of the agreement executed upon be
half of Mrs. Donahue by . Mr. Wallace, her
attorney In fact. We hold the original. Very
truly. GARRET W. McENERNEY.^
These letters were not admitted as
evidence in the former trial before
Judge Morrow. The terms of settle
ment are regarded as satisfactory,
therefore further litigation has been
averted.
Most Rev. P. W. Riordan, 1100 Franklin
street. City*- Your Graces I learn that the
agreement made by Mr. Wallace that the
$23,000 beaueathed by the Donahue will for
the erection of the fountain . shall not be
deemed "a charity," as against the legatees
who Joined In the community agreement has
not been reduced to writing. It has been
arranged between Mr. Wallace and myself
that I shall draw the asrS^ment durinsr the
week, and that he will thereupon execute It
for Mrs. Donahue, under her power of attorney
which he holds. Upon" the execution thereof
I will send you a copy, as desired. Very
respectfully. GARRET W. McENERNET.
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1», 1804.
9 ¦¦ ¦ . . .
The four suits In favor of Roman
Catholic charitable institutions, which
have been pending, against Mrs. Belle
W. Sprague, . former wife of the late
J. Mervyn Donahue, were settled out of
court yesterday. By the terms of the
agreement Mrs. Sprague has agreed to
pay to Archbishop Riordan $16,000. The
original amount Involved represented
$21,969 68. "When the settlement was
announced the two suits pending in the
Superior Court and the one in the
United States District Court were" at
once dismissed. ?
The suits involved ' were as follows:
(a) By ArchblshoD Riordan for dis
tribution among the Catholic char
itable institutions of San Fran- ¦
Cisco $15,151 61
(b) By the Roman Catholic Orphan
Asylum at South San Francisco.. 3,030 30
(c) By St. Vincent's Orphan Asy
- lum at Sah Rafael 3,030 30
(c) By St. Joseph's Infant Asylum
at San Francisco 757^57
Total $21,060 6S
The bequests were all made in the
will of the late J. Mervyn Donahue and
the dispute arose out of two contracts
made by Mrs. Sprague. Mrs. Sprague's
contracts were in writing, signed by
her brother, Ryland T. "Wallace. Mrs.
Sprague resisted the payment of the
money on the ground that there was no
consideration for the agreements and
that her brother had no authority to
act as her attorney, as he did not have
the power at the time the contracts
were Issued.
At the trial "Wallace swore that he
issued the contracts when his sister,
Mrs. Sprague, was in the State, and i
when he had no power of attorney to
act for her. He claimed that the con
tracts were issued between April and
September, 1893. In contradiction to
this Attorney testified that
the agreement was issued between Jan- |
uary 3 and February 19, 1S94, and he
produced the following letters between
himself and Archbishop Riordan to sub
stantiate his testimony:
Et. Mary'« Cathedral, ilOO Franklin street, San
Francisco, Cal.. Dec. 29. 1893.
Dr. Mr. McEnerney: The document which
I wish to have is not the one you send me,
but a contract drawn up between Mr. Hayes
and Ryland Wallace In reference to the dis
tribution of ?2T>,000 agreed on between them.
Have the kindness to look this up and send
it to me. Truly yours, P. W. RIORDAN.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 2. 18JM.
Applicants for positions as teachers
in the Los Angeles schools have re
cently attempted to secure certificates
on the strength of the possession of
credentials from other States. The
matter was referred to Attorney Gen
eral "Webb,, who says that applicants
holding county certificates from other
sections of California may be set at
work pending action by the Board of
Education, but that outsiders are not
eligible until they have been so de
clared by the proper autnorltles in this
State.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Thomas Kirk has asked If the recently
enacted "high school law" means that
one-third of the annual appropriation
shall be divided among all the high
schools In the State according to num
ber or, whether cities where there are
more than one such institution shall
be given credit for one high school only.
The Attorney General states that
where the high schools have been sep
arately established each shall receive
its apportionment. San Francisco, Los
Angeles and Oakland will be particu
larly benefited by this decision. "Where
there are two branches of a high school
the institution will get but one share
of the appropriation.
The Attorney General alsj declared
yesterday that the Supervisors of Plu
mas County are not entitled to mileage
while acting as road commissioners of
their respective districts. It Is held
that the Supervisors* salaries are in
full compensation for all services ren
dered, In accordance with provisions of
the county government act of 1901.
The Political Code would permit of the
collection of mileage by Supervisors
while serving as road commissioners,
but the later law is considered by the
Attorney General to have repealed con
flicting sections of the former* provis
ions. It Is also declared, incidentally,
that the members of the Board of Edu
cation of Plumas County are not en
titled to mileage.
There •was no allegation that John
Nelson committed murder or man
slaughter, merely that he was convict
ed of manslaughter and acquitted of
murder. There was no allegation that
David knew John, or that John had
committed any murder or manslaught
er, but simply that.it was known that
John had been charged with murder
and acquitted and convicted of man
slaughter. The information was fatal
ly defective, even if it had been ac
companied by an indictment, and even
In that event the writ would.be grant
ed and the prisoner discharged.
In the present case a demand had
been made, but It was not accompanied
by an indictment nor an affidavit made
before a magistrate and certified to by
the ' Governor. There was stmply an
Information filed by the District At
torney containing a copy of the infor
mation against John Nelson and sworn
to as true.
The Judge in giving his decision went
fully into the provisions of the extradi
tion laws and numerous decisions upon
points raised. It was essential, he said,
that certain facts must be shown* to
exist before the Governor of the State
where the prisoner was arrested should
issue a warrant of extradition. It
must be substantially shown that an
indictment had been found against the
prisoner or an affidavit made before a
magistrate that an offense had been
charged against the prisoner and the
affidavit certified to as authentic by the
Governor of the demanding State.
INFORMATION ALONE.
A requisition had been made for his
return on a charge of being an ac
cessory to a murder, but If there was
anything he might be charged with it
would be as an accessory to the crime
of manslaughter, John Nelson having
been acquitted of the crime of murder.
Assistant District Attorney Harris
argued that as John Nelson had been
charged with the crime of murder and
had been convicted of manslaughter,
taking all the circumstances into con
sideration, there was sufficient in the
papers to warrant the prisoner being
remanded.
REQUISITION MADE
Attorneys Barnes and McCloskey rep
resented Nelson, and when the case
was called yesterday they argued that
no public offense was charged In the
papers submitted for Nelson's extradi
tion.
The argument on the application for
a writ of habeas corpus for the release
of David R. Nelson, an attorney of
Coffeyvllle, Kans., was heard by Judge
Cook yesterday, and the Judge granted
tb« writ and ordered th« prisoner re
leased from custody.
Nelson was arrested about two w««ks
ago on a circular from Sheriff Andy
Pruit of Montgomery County, Kansas,
that ha was wanted there on a felony
charge. It developed later that the
charge was for being an accessory
after tha fact to murder. Nelson's
brother, John, was tried on a charge
of murder in Coffeyvllle and was con
victed of manslaughter. Nelson was
accused of hiding his brother from of
f.eers of the law.
Charles Querbock, alias Charles
George Smith, by the verdict of a Cor
oner's Jury, rendered yesterday, was
formally charged with the murder of
Mrs. Annie Wilson, whose dead body
was found on November 1 lying bruised
and bleeding on trfe floor of her resi
dence, No. 6 Capp street.
The case 13 one of strone circum
stantial evidence connecting Smith
with the injuries sustained by the
woman, but the autopsy by Morgue
Surgeon Luigi D. Baclgalupi showed
that the beating and kicking did not
Inflict sufficient Injuries to cause death.
The "heart, liver and kidneys of the
decedent were diseased, and it was the
opinion of Dr. Bacigalupl that heart
disease had killed her, death being has
tened by the fright and the shock. Fol
lowing ls the verdict as brought by
the Coroner's Jury:
"That the said Annie "Wilson came to
her death at 5 Capp street on Novem
ber 1 from hypertophied dllltation of
the heart with fatty degeneration, en
larged kidneys and liver, contusions of
the body, hyperemia of the brain; said
contusions being the result of kicks
and beating of the said Annie "Wilson
by a person known to the Jury as
Charles George Smith, and we, the
Jury, charge the said Charles George
Smith with the crime of murder."
Before thi3 verdict had been ren
dered the case against Smith had been
stricken from the calendar in Judge
Fritz's Police Court. Later In the day
he was booked for murder.
NATIONAL SUPERVISION.
* At present there are three divisions or de
partments of the Government collecting- data
a« to the mineral products, viz., the United
Ftates Geological Survey, the United States
Census and the United States mint.' This
work could ba better done by one .division or
department. If we cannot succeed In 1 obtain
ing the consent of Congress to ¦ give us a
Cabinet officer, let us then take the next
best thing and ask for a Department of Mines
and Mining. In which shall be concentrated
these. different division* or departments now
•enfraged in similar work. •
That ls to say. if we see we cannot get
Congress to give us a Cabinet officer, then urge
upon it the necessity of creating a mining de
partment with a commissioner such as ls at
present the United States Commissioner of the
General Land Office > under the Secretary of
the Interior, who shall be United States-Com
missioner -of .MuUcf _ under -the - same secre
tary,' or under the Department . of - Commer.ce
and Industry. Then we shall 1 have the offi
cials «f - the -United 'States Mint, the United
States Census and the United. States Geological
Survey working together to a common end.,In
stead of each working Independently to the
confusion of- the others.
Let these separate divisions be regulated
Much general Information that con
cerns the mining Interest of the entire
country was gathered by the, commit
tee on mines and mining relative to the
relations of the' Government to the
miners. Some unpublished extracts
from the report of that committee,
which was submitted by W. C. Rals
ton, are also given, as follows:
This would give Immediate protection against
injury from all sources and would afford equal
rights to mine by the 'hydraulic process under
the law throughout the mining belt.- We
ir^&V ec< l min , en . <1 that *" appropriation of
£500,000 be asked for from the national Gov
ernment and.a like amount from the -State,
to be expended as above outlined, and that this
association take Immediate steps, to secure
action In the premises through our Senators
and Representatives In Congress and" the mem
bers of the Legislature -of this State.
Then let the amount secured from the State
be used for tha construction of the . smaller
storage dam*, forming part of the plan* pro
posed in tha aforesaid reports, and also for
the purpose of building any section of the
work on the larger systems. > •
To avoid possible delays, such as followed
the first appropriation by Congress for the
Yuba system. It might be advisable to secure
the Federal appropriation free from the con
dition that the State would appropriate a like
amount.
RECOMMEND PROCEDURE.
Instead then of urging one system at a desig.
rated place on any of the said rivers or on
any of their tributaries, let us endeavor to
secure action on all the proposed sites In sec
tions; otherwise the present generation may
not live to eee th» plans suggested by the
Mendell and Biggs commission reports become
accomplished facts. »*«"«=
These reports emphasize the nc-cessity for
action to the end that the constantly moving
mass of debris, not the result of illegal min
ing, but of mining, natural erosion and other
causes of years dating back to the early his
tory of the Ptate when regulation was not
considered, might be held In check and pre
vented from Injuring the navigable waters
These reports are comprehensive and set
forth rcommendatlons for storage of debris
in selected sites on each of these streams and
nf ' ii"., P Sf ctl . Ta trlbut *«ies. The machinery
that T«,^fJi a i mOtl0n °° the Tuba Rtver ' *»
J,t£.J £ * ls I ? one y to Proceed with the
others Our duty Is plain and the necessity
for action Imperative. The long delays in
the past have worked Injury to many com-
S2«ii " * nd . hav ? we » «'«*» made the hy
ho^» min «-» heart sick with "deferred
Let us appeal to Congress and to the State
f «" appropriations to carry out the provisions
of the law and put Into execution what art?"
engineers have officially proclaimed a neces
sity. Experience on the Yuba River eystem
shows that construction must proceed In sec
tions, each complete In Itself, and each able'
to serve a beneficial purpose in restraining de-
The Bear, American. Cosumnes. Mokelumne,
Calaveras. Stanislaus and Tuolumne rivers, to
gether with the respective tributaries of each,
have received the seme attention as that given
to the Yuba and Its tributaries in preliminary
work aiming to accomplish the purposes to be
served by the Yuba. system of debris restraln
ment. Besides the act of 1603 has specially
adopted the plans suggested by the Mendell
0 ' 1SS2< and of the B1 &*s commission
of 1891 for all these streams, and made them
the basis of future operations whenever ap
propriations are made therefor.
The time has come for this association to
take up a new line of work and urge operation
not only In one place, but throughout the hy
draulic mining sections. In doing this It will
follow the recommendations submitted to the
War Department under the sanction of the
laws of Conerefia.
NEW LINE OF WORK.
No better or more effective labor can be
performed by this association than that of
meeting any opponent la unwarranted war
fare not only airalnst the mining communities
but against the Interests of the valleys as well.
This association should not. and we are as
eured will not. defend any violators of the
law, nor should it sustain any person who
does not in good faith abide by the terms of
any permit to mine by the hydraulic process
Issued under existing law. liut it should be
distinctly understood and proclaimed that it
will back up any legally obtained permit i«o
long as it remains unrevoked and the holder
thereof honestly complies with its terms.
MAKE PREDICTION.
There Is every reason to predict that with
the completion of the Yuba system, designated
by- the commission as "the project of 1899,"
end like systems on the other streams affect
ing the hydraulic mining field, the percentage
of tbe>»e failures, email even now, will grow
less by reason of tha greater protection af
forded by the eettling baslne forming part
of the proposed works.
Another unfulfilled prediction made was that
the miners would not in good faith observe
the law. This commission now reiterates the
statement contained in some of its official re
ports that but few cases of Illegal mining
have be«i reported. The^e ceased upon
proper notice being given, the parties con
cerned in most cases applying for and obtaining
the necessary licenses.
Threatened litigation, constantly held before
tha public, is accountable for the small num
ber of applications for permits reported by
(-ail commission. It produces timidity on
the part of intending investors and retards
the prosperity of many w-etlons of our State.
That tht-re Is no Just ground for the same is
amply proven by the results already attained,
notwithstanding that settling reservoirs re
main unfinished.
Much of Interest to miners in Califor
nia was contained In reports that were
submitted by committees of the mining
convention of the last week, of which
the limits of space necessarily prevent
ed publication in full. Debris dams led
the way in Importance as a subject of
discussion and action. A long report
was made by A. Camlnettl for the com
mittee on debris dams. Some extracts
are herewith supplied that have not
been published.
The report opened with the state
ment that the committee, following its
custom to visit the California Debris
Commission, had received from the
commission statements regarding the
work performed under the act of 1S93.
Then It was predicted that the process
of restraining debris on the Yuba River
will be in operation to a considerable
extent during the present season. The
proposed cut at Daguerre Point will
not be completed in much less time
than two years. The committee re
ported as follows:
The prediction that regulation of hydraulic
mining would not be made effective Is fully
disproved by tha authority of experienced and
able engineer*. It is cause for congratula
tion that the commlFElon now, end for some
year* part, ha« placed itself on record on this
subject In saying that "no considerable fall
,ure" of Impounding barriers- built or main
tained under its license has come to Us notice;
that while oecaslonaly a break occurs, the to- |
«I number of failures has been "comparatively
email" and that "no large percentage of tha
debris Impounded has escaped by reason of
such failures."
Coroner's Jury Brings in a
Verdict and Accused Is
in Custody.
Judge Cook Orders His Re
lease on Writ of Habeas
Corpus. ,
Money Is to B9 Devoted to
Various Catholic Char
ities in City.
Text of Debris Dam Com
mittee's Findings Is
Given.
"Supervisors, Teachers and
Schools Separately
Considered.
Lester Good and his cousin, E. L.
Good, did not appear to be well named,
according to Judge Cabaniss. He sent
them to jail for five months on the
charge of carrying^ concealed weapons.
The defendants were originally arrest
ed in connection with the hold-up of a
car on Hayes street one week ago. The
policemen who took them Into custody
found them with revolvers in their
right-hand coat pockets and their
hands tightly gripping the weapons.
Cartridges were also found In their
pockets. The police failed In the at
tempt to convict them of the car hold
up, but showed 'that the two men were
hiding in the shadow of an unfrequent
ed street. They could give no explana
tion for their presence with loaded re
volvers, and both of them were given
the limit on the charge against them.
Charles Taylor, the colored man who
insisted In taking his "Dixie Queen" to
supper under the pressure of a razor,
was sentenced to 100 days in Jail by
Judge Conlan yesterday. The defend
ant pleaded hard for more considera
tion, but the Judge thought he was too
Impulsive a character In his love mak
ing, and should be given time to re
cover his faculties.
Manuel . Moreno is a sailor from
Mazatlan. He shipped on a bark and
was landed in" San Francisco. On the
streets of the city he met Henry Val
lejos, a traveler from the deserts of
Sonora. The co'mmunlty of a common
language made them friends. Moreno
was without "shelter and Vallejos took
him to his "casa" at 1313 Dupont street,
where he fed his new acquaintance
liberally on the slender stores of a
Mexican household and brought forth
the blankets of his grandfather for him
to sleep on. When the family awoke
they discovered that nearly all of the
valuables of the house were missing,
which Intrinsically were not great. A
warrant was sworn out and Moreno
was found wasting the proceeds In
wine-»bibblng and roistering by night.
When he appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday he was sentenced
to three months in the County JaiU
"As an evidence of good faith," said
the Judge, "you may take another six
months in the County Jail. Thank you
warmjy for your gratitude."
Garibaldi Is one of the types of the
crooked days in the political life of San
Francisco, ar.d he rose to eminence be
cause he controlled a large number of
votes in the Italian quarter. His
prominence was too large for the
capacity of the man and for fifteen
years he has spent the greater part of
his time In the custody of the police.
Garibaldi wanted to see the Judge
personally, and he got his wish yes
terday. "I believe you wanted to see
me, Flynn, the other night,", said the
Judge suavely. "What was the matter
which you wanted to adjudicate in that
press of people?" , ~
"I wanted to thank you for that last
six months' sentence you gave me,"
answered Garibaldi.
Garibaldi Plynn, historic character of
the city, was given six months In the
County Jail by Judge Conlan yesterday.
One night during the present week
Garlb v aldi was doing his regular trip on
Kearay street, Insisting that passers
by 6hould contribute to his exchequer
Judga Conlan drifted along, warmly
wrapped in his rain coat, and Garibaldi
hailed him. The eminent jurist was
compelled to climb a car to avoid
violence.
Mrs. Laura Trevor was made a free
woman by a Jury of twelve good men
and true yesterday. She was accused
of stealing $3 from the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, and con
ducted her own defense before Judge
Mogan. The trial lasted all Thursday
and yesterday, and was one of the sen
sational features of the Police Court.
The Jury remained out nearly an hour
and finally brought In a verdict acquit
ting the woman. Until the adjournment
of court she was compelled to sit in the
prisoners' dock to adjust several fines
which had been Imposed on her for
contempt during the course of the trial.
She was finally allowed to go on her
own recognizance, and will probably be
dismissed when she appears for fur
ther sentence. Judge Mogan relaxed
into his usual good nature when the
trial was ended, and Is figuring on a
vacation to restore his shattered nerv
ous system.
• • ' •
Judge Cabaniss concluded yesterday
that a water spaniel dog should be ex
ecuted. It is not often that he passes
on cases of capital punishment, and he
shudders at the Idea. The defendant
on trial was A. Govaniti, who main
tains a butcher shop at Market street
and Rose avenue. For the last three
rrionths he has maintained a well-man
nered dog in addition to his business.
He testified he had always found the
dog kind and affectionate, not only to
himself, but to the customers at his
shop. The complaining witness. James
O'Toole, told the court that his little
boy had been bitten by the dog,- and
the Judge assured him that the dog
should be killed.
Robert W. Mitchell, general agent of
the New York Life Insurance Company,
who made a complaint against David
Baird, the degenerate inheritor'of his
father's millions, because the latter in
sisted that Mitchell should drink with
him at the point of a revolver, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday to
explain why he had not prosecuted the
complaint. He told the Judge he had
been 111 for several days, but failed to
give a satisfactory explanation for his
avoidance of the process of court for
several weeks. He received a lecture
and promised to appear at the next
calling of the case.
Fred Rlley and Thomas K. Batson
tired of the rain and the food In an
Oregon lumber camp and decided to
come to San Francisco. They were' ut
terly without the stipend^ that the rail
road people exact for journeys of this
kind, so. they climbed into an empty
box car, bound south. Their intent to
change locations was commendable,
but their method of locomotion in
volved them in trouble. A man with
a strip of tin sealed the" sliding doors
of the car, and they were prisoners
for two days without a chance to get
food or water. Even cattle suffer and
lose weight under such conditions.
When the railroad officials found the
cargo without vouchers they had them
arrested on the • charge of vagrancy.
The itinerants Bhowed the result of
their experiences when they appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday. Neither
had any money, and in compassion
they were held over for one day bo
that prison fare might fill out the
wrinkles In their loose-fitting clothes.
As soon as a tendency for normal obes
ity develops In them they will be given
their freedom, with the congratula
tions of the court.
Proceedings for His
Extradition Are
Quashed.
Reports of Convention
of Week Are Now
in Review.
Archbishop Riordan to
Be Paid $16,000 by
Mrs. Spragua
Is Held Responsible for
Death of i Annie
Wilson.
Attorney General Hands
Down Important
Opiniona
Old-Time Politician Gets Six Months' Sentence for Being
Too Persistent — Mrs. Trevor Is Acquitted on Charge of
Petty Larceny by Jury— Other Items of Police Courts
NELSON'S FIGHT
IS SUCCESSFUL
MANY DETAILS
CONCERN MINERS
SUITS SETTLED
OUT OF COURTS
MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST SMITH
GARIBALDI FLYNN ACCOSTS
JUDGE TO HIS DETRIMENT
EXPLAINS LAWS
TO QUESTIONERS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
6
SEE THE " FULL PAGE
PH0T0GEAPHIC -
PHANTASY
IN. THE
NEXT SUNDAY "CALL'S
BEAtrTIFDIi
THANKSGIVING
ApyjsRTiSETyrTiTsrTS.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE ___ob" THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS *
;,": ")¦ ;';L OP THE OF THE
AssurajicoCompany National Standard
OF AMERICA INSURANCE COMPANY
O p N .^.rK TO . B A>» I ? 1 .t I £ E r JraSW" OKTC, 1 8J5u».™ s ,£™? r * »y
A D 1902. and for the year endlnr on that 1002. and for the year ending em that W 7*
day. a. made to the Insurance Commissioner made to the Insurance CommJs.Joner of th!
of the State of California, pursuant to the state of California, pursuant to ZprnL™
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Poll t- or gectlon* 610 and 611 of th» P^uSTcod?
leal Code, condensed as per blank furnished condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com*
by the Commissioner. mlssloner: ' *-om-
CAPITAU * CAPrTAI*
Amount ot C«Dltal Stock, paid up A u! > !rw. Of CaP " al St0Ck « pa!<1 °»
ln Cash $200.000 00 la Cash 1200. OOP qq
ASSETS. ASSETS. ==
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and Cash Market Value of all Stock, and
Bonds owned by Company $4S4.277 80 Bonds owned by Company $442.077 50
p-.v !n -Ranks 1 6,824 47 uun In Banka ; 104 ft^T t»
Interest due and accrued on all Interest due and accrued on «U
Stocks and Loans : 1.C29 82 Stocks and LoansN 1548 68
Premiums In due Course of Collec- Premiums in <lu« Course of Colleo- W
tloa - .5.663 12 tloa 8S.o«9 «2
Total Asset- $608.394 91 Tptal Assets $634 131 04
LIABILITIES. *.V . LIABILITIES. "~
tyy,,., in process of Adjustment or Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense * 4S> Ii5 52 T ln Su8 P en9 « $«,033 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 830 00 Losses resisted, Including expenses. 735 00
Gro«s premiums on Fire Risks run- Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $381,125 M: nlng one year or less. $388,424 86;
reinsurance 50 Der cent 190.563 97 reinsurance 80 per cent 194.212 43
Gross premium* on Fire Rleks run- Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more t»>an one year. $80.- nlng more than one year $76.-
347 31; reinsurance pro rata 44,867 89 279 05: reinsurance pro rata.. 42.2S2 6«
Commissions and Brokerage due and Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 15,066 83 to becoma due 18.049 «a
AH other Liabilities ? 17,734 14 All other llabllltiee ..., 3^288 S3
Tctal Liabilities $317.816 83 Total Liabilities $324,310 33
i I-, '. "_y. INCOME. INCOME. ~
Net ca*h actually received for Fire Net cash actually received for FIr»
premiums $423,538 72 premiums Ji"fC<r* > Ti
Net cash actually received for Ma- N«t cash actually received for Ma-
rlne premiums * ** rlne premium* * 7 -
Recelved for interest and dividends Received for interest and dividends
on Bond*. Stocks. Loans and from O n Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13.459 21 all other sources nm n
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 13.204 81 Received tor profit on sale oi Bonds! io"ll7 l£
Total Income ....$456.205 58 ToUtl Incoma $447.9*8 la
EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES =====
Net amount paid for Fire Losses . Net amount paid for Flro Lo'ssea
(including $ . lo«e. of pre- (Including $1 . losses o f pre v£
vlous years) • - - wj CU9 years) •<?«« •»«» ti\
Net amount mid for Marine Losses Net „,„ tof Marine" 'Loi;;;* " *°
Ud vefrs1 ' 89 IS ««Iudta« <= . losses SfTrev*!
PaM^° k fo™ ! SaUriesVFeeVand 'oiher ™'™ W p^f^^ViVW •-"" H<U»7 72
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 1.4S3 00 Pa J5.i° r ?* larl £?- Fe * 8 , and other .
piAIr State. Nation,, and Local r^ST B^^S&^Si £cai M °°
666 09 All^heV-p-aymenU-and-Wpe-ndi- *»,*!
tures • 4,963 43
Risks and Premiums. Risks. mlums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount . of RUks . ?*% 'rX
¦written during the • ®WP«SS5! written during the
yew . . . . ."..*. • • • • • $32.S5».14S $609,016 24 JW $33.««M.629 $743,347 CS
Ne y t amount of. risks . *%£%?*},£ **%*
expired durlnjr the expired during the
¦ year : •• 64.642.080 643.060 07 v »«*r 56.354.413 683.36138
Net amount in force De- . *••* amount In force
cember 31. 1902 36.665.190 461.473 25 December 31. 1902. S6.9S4.502 464.703 91
I Marine | Pre- Marina
Risks and Premiums. Risks. miums. Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks Net amount of Risks ~
written- during the . written during the
year... •"'•• ** *4 y ear * $9 49
Net amount of risks Net amount of Risks
expired durlne the expired during the
year 4 74 year a a<%
Net amount in force De- . Net amount in force
' cember 31. 1902 None. * December 31. 1902.
•d^OTffir^.TSS tO b6f0re 21St darST^oruar? OT "'
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public CHRIS.' BAMBACH. Notary Public.
O A. HENRY & CO.
General Agents Pacific Coast Department *
215 SANSOME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— Mrs. J. Lins
key's attemDt to take her life in St.
Mary's Cemetery here yesterday proved
futile, and to-day she is declared out
of danger by the hospital surgeons.
Her son proposes to have her taken to
San Francisco to-morrow to their home
at 1214 Larkln street
She has not been In a condition to
make a statement as to the cause of
her act. the lysol poison she took hav
ing burned her throat to such an ex
tent that she is unable to talk. She
has regained consciousness and is now
on the high road to recovery.
Sirs. J. Linskey Brought Back to
Life and Now on the Way to
Recovery.
ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE
PROVES UNSUCCESSFUL
BERKELEY, Nov. 20.— Charles Keyes
of 2221 Atherton street, a young man
of good family, wns arrested at his
home this afternoon by Detective Quig
ley of the Oakland Police Department
on a complaint charging him- with
grand larceny. Keyes made an effort
to prevail upon friends to furnish -bonds
In the sum "of $2003 for his reltase, but
falling was taken to the County Jail.
Keyes' accuser Is Mrs. M. A. Abbott
of 1422 Franklin street, Oakland. She
charges that she gave Keyes two dia
mond rings worth $150 so that he might
ascertain v their value. He took the
rings, but failed to return them. When
ehe asked for them he said they had
been pawned, but could not produce the
tickets. She swore to the complaint
against Keyes, but he disappeared be
fore it could be served. Keyes returned
to Berkeley a week ago and has been
going about since claiming that he had
"squared" the case with Mrs. Abbott.
Charles Keyes Arrested Upon the Ac
cusation of Mrs. M. A. Abbott,
Who Lost Her Rings.
WOMAN'S PLAINT LANDS
A YOUNG MAN IN JAIL
The display will be under the aus
pices of the Oakland Poultry Associa
tion, the Pacific Collie Club and the
Sa.n Francisco Cat Club. The members
of the managing committee for the
show are: Charles R, Harker, San
Jose; L. N. Cobbledick, Oakland; Nor
man J. Stewart. San Jose; O. J. Albee,
Lawrence, CaL. and J. C. Williams,
Fruit vale.
OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— The Oakland
Poultry Association will hold its next
annual disnlav at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion in San Francisco. The destruc
tion of the old Exposition building at
Twelfth and Webster streets has left
the association without an available
building on this side of the bay in
which to hold their show, which will
be on from the 1st to the 5th of De
cember, Inclusive.
NEXT POULTRY SHOW
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Oakland Poultry Association Will
Sold Next Display at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
HEAVY RAIN RAISES RECORD.
Registers Three Inches for Twenty-
Four Hours.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— With a record
of three Inches In the rainfall for
Oakland for the twenty-four * hours
ended at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
With a record of 3 Inches in the rain
fall for Oakland for the twenty-four
hours ended at 1 o'clock this afternoon,
the weather sharps were given some
figures upon which to cast calculations
for the season as well as to hark back
to the phenomenal marks in the past.
The storm, and it showed at 11 p. m.
no sign of breaking, gave at 1 p. m. a
total for this season of 6.32 inches of
rain, as against 5.19 Inches to corre
sponding date last year.
Nearly two and a half inches of rain
fell last night during tne twelve hours
ended at 7 o'clock this morning, accord
ing to the Chabot Observatory records.
During the heavy torrent last even-
Ing the Twelfth-street dam. recently
constructed, was caueht in a flood of
water too great for the capacity of the
outlet conduits that had been con
structed. Something had to give way,
and the first break occurred about mid
way across the dam on the south side,
where a long section of the earth bulk
head fill carried away, sweeping with
It a stretch of the new bitumen side
walk.
Superintendent of Streets Charles F.
Ott was notified of the break by one
of his patrolmen, of whom there were
fifteen covering the . danger points
throughout the city during the night.
Relief conduits were speedily construct
ed to-dav and the great rush of storm
water "was carried off Into the estuary.
Thoueh much damage was done by
the 'opening up of leaky roofs, the
Street Department escaped luckily, not
more than a dozen or so minor breaks
and caves-in In streets and sewers be
ing reported. Superintendent of Streets
Ott had his force of men at work and
well In hand to make repairs. During
the storm a force of inspectors will
patrol the city day and night to catch
breaks as they occur.
FARM75RS ARE REJOICING.
Heavy Rainfall Is 'Recorded in the
Interior of the State.
SONOMA, Nov. 20.— The rains this
month came at a most opportune time
for the farmers and dairymen, the pre
cipitation for the month up to the pres
ent time being 4.72 Inches. The rain
fall for the Beason to date is 5.06 inches
against 9.44 for the corresponding pe
riod last year. In so far as old So
noma Is concerned the farmers and
dairymen have fared better by this
lack of early rainfall than otherwise.
Last season the rains were not only
early, but excessive, and the dairymen
suffered a loss of dry feed which they
escaped this season. The farmer, too,
was benefited by the rainy season
holding oft until November, as It ena
bled him to harvest his late grape and
j)ther crops and prepare for the win
der season. Taking It all in all no sea
son has ever started in more auspi
ciously for" the Sonoma Valley farmer
and = v dairyman.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. . 20.— The ; hea
viest rainfall in years, for a short pe-
The ladles having the musicale in
charge were as follows: Mrs. W. L.
Woodrow, chairman; Mrs. Leo Archer,
Mrs. W. B. Hobson, Mrs. J. L. Benepe,
Mrs. W. P. Dougherty, D. Hunt. Mrs.
William Simpson, Mrs. Mitchell Phillips
and Misses Genevleve Chambers and
Esther Macomber.
The programme was as follows: (a)
"Nymphs and Shepards," Purcell; (b)
"The Seasons," Cowen; (c) "Oh! That
We Two Were Maying" (by request).
Nevin: "Most Wondrous It Must Be,"
F. Ries; (a) "The First Violet." Men
delssohn: (b) "Arn ufer des Manzaur
es," Jensen; "Morgens am Brunrten,"
Jensen; "The Girls of Seville." (by re
quest), Denza; "Coquette." Stern.
The singer was obliged to respond to
a number of encores. Dancing fol
lowed.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 20.— Society was out
in force this evening to aid In the
musicale at the Hote* Vendome. given
for the benefit of the Associated Char
ities. Mrs. Lillian Werth Fruhling of
Los Angeles was the soloist of the
evening. The hall had teen handsome
ly decorated, and the audience present
was one of the most fashionable ever
gathered In this city.
Mrs. Fruhling was formerly a res
ident of this city, and has a large
number of friends here. She was
chosen from a large number to sing
"The Star Spangled Banner" at the
reception tendered President Roosevelt
at Los Angeles.
Entertainment Given for the Benefit
of the Associated Charities Is
Largely Attended.
GARDEN CITY SOCIETY
ENJOYS THE MUSICALE
The storm was particularly severe In
the northern counties. Part of the rain
bearing clouds have gone east, but the
greater portion of the storm remains.
The wet weather will be of Immense
advantage to the agricultural section
of the State, McAdie says. Last night
the storm was clearing at the southern
end and we may see a clearing of the
skies this afternoon. The course of the
storm Is as yet uncertain, however, and
those who hone for pleasant weather
may be disappointed.
The rainfall In San Francisco for the
twenty-four hours preceding 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon amounted to 2.3S
Inches. The November rainfall thus
far amounts to 4.07 inches. The aver
age November rainfall for fifty-five
years Is 2.75 Inches. Professor McAdie
of the Weather Bureau adds that there
is still more rain coming., Showers
were both frequent and heavy in the
northern half of California yesterday.
HEAVY RAINFALL.
The old mission at Eighteenth and
Dolores streets was flooded yesterday
and some damage was done. Every ef
fort was made to prevent serious dam
age and the work of the laborers
showed good results.
The Presidio presented a doleful ap
pearance yesterday. The rain came
down in torrents and it was all mud
and mire underfoot. The old quarters
leaked and the inmates, suffered great
inconvenience. The soldiers who are
living in tents also suffered. The rains
beat In through the entrance flaps and
also leaked in through the canvas. The
men huddled around their stoves to be
comfortable and in many instances had
to seek dryer quarters.
Lights were out In the vicinity of the
Seventeenth-street station Thursday
night. The station is located in the
lower portion of the city and the flood
water of the Mission district flowed
toward the police rendezvous. Officers
had difficulty in getting in and out of
the station. Water surrounded the
place and it measured three feet in
depth.
PRESIDIO SUFFERS.
ered the tracks and the passengers
imagined they were on a ferry-boat.
Traffic on the street car lines was
exceedingly heavy throughout the day.
Defays were frequent, however, as the
motor and grip men had difficulty in
bringing their cars through the flood of
water alone their routes.
Horses stabled In the stock yards at
Tenth and Harrison streets had a nar
row escape from drowning. The stock
yards are below the level of the street
and before very long a river was rush-
Ing Into the yard, and It continued, to
flow in untl! the place was flooded.
The horses became frightened and the
stablemen had difficulty In taking them
from their stalls to a safer place.
The trackB of the Southern Pacific
Company between the Valencia-street
station and Townsend and Third streets
were covered with water and the engi
neers took no risks. They brought their
trains. through the city. at. a slow pace
and were glad to arrive without being
ditched. In some places the water cov-
Water backed up at Sixteenth and
Folsom streets yesterday and flooded
the Glass Works located there. The
water mixed with the oil and caused
considerable damage. The damage is
estimated at J1000. A little chophouse
at Sixteenth and Folsom streets was
also flooded and the proprietor and his
help worked energetically to clear the
place of mud and water.
Sidewalks, fences and everything
movable is floating around at Bryant
and Eighth streets. The flood has done
considerable damage in the vicinity.
The small boy devoted his leisure to
paddling over the lake. ' The water has
reached a depth of four feet..
Breaks in sewers were also reported at
Bush and Stockton streets, which flood
ed the sidewalks; at Bryant and Main
streets, which were impassable; at San
some and Sutter streets, at Front and
Halleck streets and In other localities.
In all fifty breaks were reported to
the street bureau, which took Imme
diate measures to prevent further dam
age. A large number of overflowing
cesspools at various corners were also
reported to the street bureau.
The raina caused a cave-in along the
Southern Pacific Railroad tracks on
Harrison street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first streets. The San Jose
train arriving at 8 o'clock went over
the break safely, but the next train,
which was due at 8:30, was stopped by
George W. Brown, as stated, and a
wreck averted. The passengers were
compelled to alight and take the street
cars to arrive at their destination. All
subsequent trains were stopped^at the
Valencia street station until the cave-
In was repaired.
RESIDENCES FLOODED.
The basement of the warehouse occu
pied by the Friedman Furniture Com
pany at Eighth and Brannan streets
was flooded with six feet of water, and
as a result many thousands of dollars'
worth of furniture was floated about on
the water, causing a great deal of
damage.
A serious overflow in the sewer at the
corner of Fourteenth and Harrison
streets, as a result of the heavy rains,
was brought to the attention of the
Board of Public Works yesterday morn
ing, and Superintendent of Sewers
Brandon with a force of twenty men
was dispatched to the scene at once.
Brandon learned that the overflow was
caused by the high tide forcing its way
up the Channel street sewer, which
prevented the escape of the storm
waters through the main outlet.
The water rose to a height of four
feet In the immediate vicinity of the
overflow and was fast entering the low
er floors of the surrounding dwellings.
Brandon realized that nothing could be
done to stop the overflow, and he di
rected his men to remove the furniture
In the lower floors to the second stories
of the surrounding houses before much
damage was done.
MANY SEWERS BREAK.
But fcr the thoughtfulness and cour
age of George W. Brown, who lives at
2429A Harrison street, the Southern
Pacific Company might have lost
thousands of dollars, and passengers
bound for the city their lives. Brown
was on his way to work when he saw
opposite his house a great excavation.
He saw the danger to the incoming
trains as the water had washed the
road bed out from beneath the track.
More than twenty feet of track was
resting on the wooden ties, which were
suspended over the hole. Brown had
no time to send word to the Railroad
Company. He heard the engine whistle
in the distance and knew that the train
was due. He rushed tip the track to
ward the oncoming train, waving his
hat and ' doing everything to attract
the engineer's attention. He was suc
cessful in his efforts, as Engineer 1|LE.
Montgomery succeeded in bringin^his
machine to a standstill within two feet
of the gaping hole. The passengers
filed out into the rain, and when they
discovered that Brown had saved their
lives they wanted to make up a
purse and give it to him, but he de
clined the offer. Instead of waiting for
the praise due him. Brown went to his
work. Half an hour later a wrecking
crew was on the scene repairing the
break.
Heavy rains during the last forty
eight hours flooded the city and did
great damage. Sewera were broken,
and debris flowed into cellars and
lower apartments. The Mission Dis
trict suffered most by the storm.
Streets were flooded and pedestrians
and vehicles had difficulty In gaining
passageway. It was the first heavy
storm of the season and the men em
ployed by the Board of Public Works
had their hands full. Reports came
from every section of the city about
the inadequacy of the sewers to carry
away the superfluous water.
The Fourth-street bridge had a nar
row escape from destruction early yes
terday morning. The water In the chan
nel had risen to the planking and there
was every fenr that the bridge would
give way. Passengers on incoming
trains had difficulty in reaching the
street cars. The Townsend street
depot was surrounded by water and
people had to wade through the water
to reach the cars. Prompt steps were
taken by the Railroad Company to get
rid of the small lake, and by noon pas
sageway had been secured.
SAVES RAJXROAD TRAIN.
"I hid his gun. He threatened to
shoot me earlier in the day. I had on a
black skirt. All my skirts are plain.
After I struck him I stayed there. This
ain't the first time we have had trouble.
"Mrs. Distrell burned the stick in the
kitchen stove. I stayed home and didn't
go out. After I struck him he fell and
stayed down. He struck me first and
then I ran into the kitchen and got a
stick of wood, with which I struck him.
I make this statement voluntarily with
out any promise of reward."
It Is the theory of the prosecution
that Drayuer was killed on Thursday
evening. August 6, by a blow on the
forehead, which caused a fracture of
the skull at the base of the brain, and
that Mrs. Drayuer remained in the
house with the corpse until Sunday be
fore notifying neighbors of the death
of her husband. Mrs. Drayuer con
tends that the blood on her garments
was obtained at a time when she as
sisted her husband to a lounge after
she had struck him down with the
stovewood.
"I hereby confess that Mr. 'Drayuer
and myself had trouble Thursday even
ing. August 6, and he struck me in the
face. I had taken more wine than I
ought to. In the front room the trouble
occurred. He was very hasty. I hit
him with a stick and burned the stick.
He struck me first. I hit him with a
piece of stovewood. I did not know
where I struck him I was so mad. He
fell down after I hit him. He seemed
crazy and fell to the floor.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 20.— At the trial
of Mrs. Sophie Drayuer. charged with
the murder of her husband, the prose
cution to-day continued to weave the
web around the accused. The story of
the scene In the death chamber was
told to the Jury by Deputy Sheriff Ben
H. Barnes of Healdsburg. John Winder
and other witnesses. The blood-stained
garments worn by Mrs. Drayuer on the
day she had the trouble with her hus
band were introduced in evidence and
admitted by Judge Lawler. A state
ment made by Mrs. Drayuer to Sheriff
Frank P. Grace. Deputy Sheriff Barnes
and City Marshal Parker of Healds
burg. reduced to writing and signed by
the accused, was identified and intro
duced in evidence against objections
by the defendant's counsel. This state
ment is as follows:
6p*ctal Dispatch to The Call,
A week has passed without any fur
ther reduction in prices of Iron and
steel and sentiment in the trade favors
stability at the present position.
Failures this week were 249 in the
United States, against 266 last 3'ear, and
17 in Canada, compared with 64 a year
ago.
There is not the complaint of traffic
congestion that was bo frequent last
year at this time, railway earnings be
ing 6.1 per cent higher than in Novem
ber, 1SK)2, testifying to the increase of
facilities.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow win say:
Colder weather over the greater part
of the country has gTeatly stimulated
retail trade and incidentally quickened
the jabbing demand in seasonable lines.
In soir.e sections inquiries for holiday
poods exceed last year, the feature be
ir.g the high grade of materials taken.
Interior retailers, helped by propitious
agricultural conditions, are reported
meeting obligations more promptly.
Farming interests are apparently in
good financial condition, an inference
that seems to be evidenced by the fact
that they display unwillingness to part
with their surplus products at anything
!<\<=s than what they deem satisfactory
prices, though the movement of cur
rency to the Interior continues, but on
a smaller scale than for some weeks.
Southern conditions are especially good.
While the foregoing are the favorable
developments of the week, the fact
must not be overlooked that labor trou
bles, the gleomy situation for building,
the closing down of iron and steel mills,
blast furnaces and leather tanneries,
nr.d the continued hesitancy in the buy
ing nf practically all commodities, are
factors that mar the industrial as well
as the commercial fabric.
It is a buyers* market in iron and
steel and kindred products, with the 1
general tendency toward a lower price ;
level, but quotations have not exercised
much ir.f.uenee en purchasers, who l
seem disposed to loc-k for further con
cessions. Not much business is doing .
in wool. Buff hides are firmer, but or- j
ders for leather in the leading market
continue of a hand-to-mouth character.
Wheat, including flour, exports for :
the week ending November 19 aggre- '
gate 2.SS4.2ST, against 3,569,523 bushels j
last week and 5.277,672 this week last
year. Business failures in the United
States for the week ending with No
vember 19 numbered 228, against 250 last
week and 201 in 1902. ¦
In Canada failures were 16 in num
ber, against 13 last week and 19 last
year.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade to-mor
row will say:
Labor organizations are accepting re
ductions in wages witho-ut controversy,
which removes one threatened indus
trial factor, and in several branches of
business orders are more numerous, but
in the steel industry there is little ex
pectation of liberal buying until 1904.
Construction work is decreasing, despite
optimistic reports of more building per
mits issued last month than a year j
ago. Mild weather etlll checks distri- j
bution of merchandise, usually in brisk
demand at this season, which check is
reflected in restricted activity at woolen
and worsted mills and clothing facto
ries.
Labor Troubles Are Still
Factors That May Over
throw Predictions.
Written Statement Made by
Defendant Is Introduced
in Evidence.
Traffic Is Delayed in
All Parts of
City.
Damaging Testimony Is
Given in Drayuer
Murder Case.
Outlook Is Good in All
Parts of Country for
Lively Season.
WEAVING A WEB
AROUND THE WIFE
Streets Are Made
Impassable by \
Floods.
RAIN REPORTS
FROM STATIONS
IN CALIFORNIA
The following are the seasonal
rainfalls to date, as compared with
those of the same data last season,
and the rainfall In tne last twen
ty-lour hours:
Last 24 This Last
Hrs. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 ? 13.15
Bed Bluff t. 34 7.70 10.08
Sacramento .1.32 3.45 3.69
San Fran 2.38 4.24 3.68
Fresno .0.38 0.64 2.67
Independence.0.00 T. 0.39
S. Xi. Obispo.. 0.28 0.42 3.40
Los Ang-eles.0.00 0.43 2.47
San Diego.. . .0.00 0.05 3.36
COLD WEATHEB
BRIGHTENS TRADE
HEAVY RAINFALL DOES CONSIDERABLE
DAMAGE THROUGHOUT SAN FRANCISCO
Brave Citizen Pre
• vents a Train
wreck.
Residents Sustain
Heavy Losses by
Water.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— F. C. Williams
has brought suit for $150 damages
against Mrs. Julia Taylor,. a neighbor,
who set out strychnine in her yard for
a cat and poisoned his dog. Justice
of the Peace Georffe Samuels has the
matter under advisement.
Dog Got the Poison.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 20.— Because her
father objected. Miss Jennie E. Kil
patrick, a popular young lady of GI1
roy, was quietly married to A. C. Rich
ardson at the Hotel St. James to-day.
The bride Is the daughter of S. W. Kll
patrick, for sixteen years superintend
ent of the Glenn ranch near Gllroy. He
objected to the marriage of his daugh
ter to Richardson, but a few weeks ago
he went to Honolulu. Mrs. Kilpatrlck.
however, favored the suit, and as soon
as the father was out of the country
she and the daughter planned for the
wedding which was performed to-day.
Richardson is well known In Gllroy,
where he has lived for a number of
years.
Weds the Han of Her Choice.
A woman in Brooklyn applied for a di
vorce because hubby had a weakness for
snakes that he trained to do all sorts of
stunts. It's bad enough for a man to see
snakes, but for a weman It's awful!
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 20.— Captain C
H. McKlnstry, engineer corps, U. S. A..
has arrived in this city from Washing
ton. D. C. to relieve Major Willard, la
charge of the local United States En
gineer's office. Captain MeKlnstry to-day
accompanied Major Winard to San Pedro,
where the Government harbor work 0*
which he will have supervision was In
spected. Major Willard has been ordered
to Newport, R. L
Will Supervise Harbor Work.
SANTA MARIA. Nov. 20.— The Knights
of Pythias lodge of this place, accompa
nied by members of the Uniform Rank,
will go to Paso Robles on a special train
Saturday afternoon for the purpose of in
stituting a new lodge of the order. Four
hundred Knights are to be initiated and
the Santa Maria team will do the degree
work. This it is expected will take all
night. Knights from San Francisco and
many other places will be in attendance.
Big Initiation of Pythian Knights.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 20.— Wilhelm
Grote, an aged German, who believes
he is a son of Emperor William, was
committed to-day to the Agnews in
sane asylum. Grote. who was em
ployed In an Ocean View garden, ter
rorized his neighbors by arming him
self with a revolver and threatening
to shoot those around him. He was
finally disarmed and turned over to a
constable.
Believes He Is Son of Emperor.
SALINAS, Nov. 20.— Emil von Delmer
stein, the alleged horse thief who tried to
commit murder when captured, was ex
amined last evening by physicians as to
his sanity. It developed that he had a
terrible temper, which Is aroused at ths
slightest provocation. During temporary
lucid intervals the prisoner claims to be
the eldest son of Freiherr Graf von Del
merstein of Lubeck, Germany, and was at
one time a student in the university there.
He says he was expelled for the space of
one year for fighting a duel. He was
committed to Agnews Asylum.
Prisoner Is Sent to Insane Asylum.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 20.— Sheriff David
Reese, accompanied by Deputy Sheriff
William Lowell, went u:> to the Folsom
penitentiary last night after Convicts
Leverone, Roberts and Meyers, who were
recently held to answer on a charge of
having murdered Guard William Cotter
on the day of the great break at the pris
on in July last. Thomas 'Wilkinson.
"Warden of the prison, would not permit
the Sheriff to take the convicts away
without an order from the Superior Court.
Refuses to Surrender th« Convicts.
WOODLAND, Nov. 20.— The stormy
weather will delay the contractors In the
construction of the Yolo County Consoli
dated Water Company's ditches. One of
them needs but two or three days and the
other not to exceed ten to complete their
contracts, after which no further efforts
to extend the sysem will be made this
season. By the close of 1904 It I3 expected
that The ditches will be extended into
8olano County and nearly all of northern
Yolo will be under the system. So far
the efforts of representatives of the Gov
ernment to purchase the rights of the
company have come to naught.
Storm Delays Irrigation Work.
SELMA. Nov. 20.— Selma's light and
power system Is to be modernized by be
ing made a Dart of the Huntingdon elec
tric system, which I3 fast taking in all
the large cities and towns of the San
Joaquin Valley. M. C. Osborne. repre
senting the Huntington interests." was
here this week experting the plant of the
local light and water company and It is
said found the business here of sufficient
magmitude to Induce the Huntlngton com
pany to ask for a price on the plant. The
local company asks .$6O,0CO for the plant
and the early purchase of the same is an
ticipated. Osborne refused to state
whether the proposed system of electric
road would be built to this point soon, but
this Is a feature of the deal that will ul
timately be carried out.
May Buy Selma's Power Plant.
No one at Steilacoom knows how the
rumor started, but some of the papers
snatched eagerly at it, and without Inves
tigation told the story of the girl's death
and of her career. She was originally
Florence Story, daughter of a wealthy
New Tork physician and became the wife
of Del Bartino. an actor well known to
the Pacific Coast years ago. She was a
graduate of the Boston Conservatory of
Music, and as Mrs. Bartino delighted con
cert hall audiences sixteen years ago.
Drink was her ruin, and she was well
known to the police In the restricted dis
trict.
"Nobody enjoyed reading those stories
of her death more than did Annie Rooney
herself," said Dr. C. M. Parks, superin
tendent of Steilacoom Hospital, to-day.
"She has been here now five or six weeks.
Is doine well and was much surprised to
read that she was dead."
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 20.— Several Se
attle newspapers told under large black
headlines the story of the death of Annla
Rooney, a character well known to the
under world of Seattle and Tacoma. Th*
story was told of her death a week ago
Wednesday In an insane asylum at Stella -
coom. where she had been sent five weeks
ago as the result of her devotion to the
whisky bottle.
ANNIE ROONEY'S OBITUARY
WAS READ BY HEBSELF
Weil-Known Character's Demise Was
Prematurely Announced by
Sound Papers.
SAN JUAN, Nov. 20.— The quarter
annual convention of the Central Cali
fornia Coast Counties Association was
held here this afternoon with repre
sentatives of San Mateo, San Benlto,
Santa Clara, Monterey. Santa Cruz and
San Luis Obispo counties in attendance.
The delegates were delayed fcr several
hours by a washout and as they did
not reach here until 4:30 o'clock the
meeting was rather brief. Considerable
business of general interest tc the peo
ple of the six counties emoraced In the
association was transacted, however.
Samuel Canfleld was chairman.
Under the head of new business the
matter ot making a grand display of
the products of the central counties at
the St. Louis Exposition was taken up
for consideration. It was the unani
mous opinion of the delegates present
that an elaborate display should be
made at the exposition ana steps were
taken to carry out the work. The sev
eral counties Interested in the display
will be thoroughly canvassed and by
means of posters every resldr-nt will be
invited to co-operate and assist to make
the exhibition one that will thoroughly
advertise the varied resources of this
section of the State.
The visiting delegates were enter
tained at dinner to-night by the San
Benito members of the association.
Special Dispatch to The Cfcll.
SUISUN. Nov. 20.— During the past
twenty-four hours there has been a
rainfall here of three inches. The rain ¦
was needed and the farmers and or
chardists are rejoicing.
WOODLAND, Nov. 20. — The showers,
which began Wednesday night, contin
ued throughout Thursday and Thurs
day night and with but few intermis
sions to-day. The 'outlook is good for
a continued storm. The farmers and
fruit growers are in splendid condition
for it. All crops have been harvested,
summer fallowed land Is ready for
seeding and the orchards are ready for
a thorough soaking. - Indeed, the season
has been an ideal one. .The weather
wise in this locality predict a heavy
rainfall this season. Red berries have
ripened several weeks earlier than
usual. This is considered an Infallible
indication of a wet winter.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 20.— Cloudless,
crisp weather continues In this county,
with no indications of rain. Showers
would be welcome, to farmers and would
do no damage, but they are not espe
cially needed at this time. *
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 20.— The heaviest
rain of the season fell last night, caus
ing the river to rise. . The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours up to 7 o'clock
this morning was 2.50 inches, making
8.07 inches for the season.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 20.— The first heavy
storm of the season visited this city
last night, the precipitation amounting
to .73 of an inch, making a total of 2.18
inches for the season, against 4.33
inches for the corresponding period
last year. The storm Is not yet over,
for it has been showering all day and
the sky Is still overcast with the wind
from the south. The gale last night
played havoc with telephone wires.
Many went down and a' large number
of boxes were burned out. The farmers
and orchardists are delighted over the
downpour. It comes in the nick of
time.
VALLEJO, Nov. 20.— The rainstorm
of the past twenty-four hours has been
the most severe of the season and has
netted a precipitation of one and a
half inches, making the rainfall of the
season about three inches. The ground
is thoroughly saturated and farmers
and stockmen are feeling very jubilant.
STOCKTON, Nov. 20.— Rain has been
falling in this vicinity since last even
ing and there are no signs of a let-up.
Already this season there has been suf
ficient rain to more than equal the rec
ord of last season, though this season's
rain has corne much later. The rain is
very welcome to the farming Interests,
and it means an increased acreage of
grain, with particularly bright pros
pects for summer fallow.
riod, has been recorded in this city.
More than .three inches has fallen
within the last twenty-four hours and
the downpour is steady. Reports from
all over Marin County indicate a
heavy precipitation, while from some
points many acres are inundated and
some damage has resulted. Several
small landslides on the county roads
were reported with attending damage.
As yet no trains on either suburban
i road have been delayed, but if the
! storm continues washouts are expect
i ed. The precipitation for San Rafael
and vicinity the last twenty-four hours
was 3.12 inches, 6.64 for the storm and
7.41 inches for the season. Other points
for the twenty-four hours are as fol
lows: Sausalito, 2.98; Mill Valley, 3.10;
Tiburon, 3; Belvedere, 3; San Geronimo,
2.82; Ignacio. 2.95; Novato, 2.90; To
males, 4.06; Bolinas, 3.16; Point Reyes,
2.84; Tocaloma, 3.04. Indications point
to a steady downpour for the night.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 20.— More than
six inches of rain has fallen in Santa
Rosa and vicinity since Wednesday
morning. The precipitation from
Thursday morning at 7 o'clock to 7
o'clock , this morning was 2.34 inches.
Between this morning and 1 this after
noon 1.55 inches fell and a similar
amount fell during the afternoon. The
Russian River is out of its banks at
several places and it is probable that
some damage has been done. Santa
Rosa Creek rose rapidly all day and to
night great quantities of water are go
ing toward the sea. Culverts and sew
ers in this city have been insufficient
to handle the falling water and it has
backed up and flooded tne streets.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 2o.— A heavy
rain fell last night and to-day through- j
out the Sacramento Valley and in the
mountains and foothills. In many
places in the upper part of the valley
the precipitation amounted to more
than two inches during the twenty-four
hours ending at 7 o'clock this morning.
The heaviest fall was at Dunsmuir,
where 2.71 -was recorded. The fall was
heavy on the west side of the Sacra
mento River. Fourteen inches of snow
fell at the summit of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains. The rain is pleasing
to farmers and stockmen. It will en
able the former to plow and feed will
commence to spring up rapidly for
stock.
Yeatman had evidently prepared the
trap, which consisted of hew^d timbers,
and had been in the act of testing it
when it sprung and caught him. Un
able to raise the weight fram his legs
the man met a slow and cruel death
from cold and hunger. Th? ax with
which he had made the deadfall was
lying buried under the snow just out
of reach of his hands.
A search of eight days for the missing
man was ended tofday by the receipt
of a report from Indians that his body,
bruised and emaciated, had been found.
Early on the morning of November 10
Yeatman, with his sixteen-year-old
son, left their home on Valdez Island
for the mainland to hunt. They sep
arated early in the day In a mountain
valley, the father promising his son
that as soon as he had visited a num
ber of bear traps and deadfalls he had
further m> the mountain side he would
return to the shore inhere their boat
was moored. The lad returned at night
fall, but his father did not arrive. That
night ten inches of snow felJ and a
blizzard prevailed. The boy was found
next day by another party of hunters.
He was half dead from cold and ex
posure and it took the men a day to
get him home. Then they starred to
search for the father. Fresh snow ob
literated all tracks and hampered their
movements. This afternoon, however.
Indians arrived with the news that the
body of the man was found in a dead
fall.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 20.— With
his legs and arms pinned In a trap he
had built to catch a bear. F. C. Yeat
man, a northern coast rancher, per
ished some time during the early part
of this week from starvation and cold.
Resources of That Section of
the State to Be Well
, Advertised,
Bruised and Emaciated Body
Is Found by Party of
Indians.
Central Coast Counties
to Make a Display
at St. Louia
Caught in Bear Trap He
Perishes From Cold
and Hunger.
RANCHER MEETS
TERRIBLE DEATH
WILL EXHIBIT
AT EXPOSITION
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVE31BER 21, 1903.
WUly-We don't know yet. His will
wont be read till after the funeraL—
Catholic Standard and Times. •
Mr*. McCaJl— So your dear old uncle i
has cone to heaven? j
1 OAKLAND. Nov. 20.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners to-day
appointed the following substitute pa
trolmen: Thorwald Brown, Charles E.
Kord and Wlllfam F. Kyle. These men
hre eligible to fill vacancies on the
regular force as they might occur.
Name Substitute Patrolmen.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— Next Monday
night the grand president, grand secre
tary and several of the grand directors
of the Ycung Ladles' Institute will visit
this city to organize a council of the
order here. The exercises will occur
in Lafayette Hall. Forty applicants
have already signed the charter rolL
Will Organize 7. L. I. Council.
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— The masses at
St. Columbus Church in Golden Gate
will b*» celebrated at the regular hours
next Sunday — S o'clock and 10:30 a. m.
The last mass will be celebrated by the
Rev. Father Serda of Sacred Heart
Church, and he will also preach the
sermon.
Services at St. Colomba's Church.
7
WATCH FOR THE
BEAUTIFUT. PICTURES
IN THE BIO
THANKSGIVING
EDITION, [
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
1 ADVERTIST^rRNTS. '.....- . _ _Vvj/'
jOZmdf^&S^ A MILLION GOOD FELLOWS havo |
learned that "a OASOAilET at night
Bex nia^eo you feel all right— in the inorn-
Wf .rf^^^v*\tt» togl" And they have told other good
fflLnfc"^&-^ fellows, until the sale of CASCAR-
TgT^gW *-"~*^ 5#VS ETS Candy Cathartio la over A MIL-
IxSirvffV^Sfc SUP^ LION BOXES A MONTH. Nature
fi^JiPw *5*HW punis Qe 8 ©very excess,and over-eat-
tT js§?£ph^JjjSMr •kf/ing, over-drinking, under-sleeping
WsKrSsSSill / result I 11 stomach, liver, kidney and
wragEi 9P§! !,/ bowel troubles that aro liable to be-
VT»1§SF § ' fy come very serious. It is very unwise
vlf^' 71 ¥ *° wait until the digestion is stop-
mHgg^ // I ped, the bowels constipated, the
T§m vj& / I tongue coated, the breath offensive,
"Thmy TS$C_^yi/* 0 ~~\ and the nerves tortured with a rack-
makm V tog sick headache. To prevent all
Te\ 1 to «n .^^A tllis » t * lce a CASCARET just before
sood." £t* \ going to bed. and wake up in the
JB^ \ morning feeling fine and dandy,
f X. ready for work or play. Best
<.,d£S2mf;\\f for the Bowels. All druggista,
|If -*/fflr 1O°> 25c, 50a Never sold in bulk. The genuine
JBBS&gsLilSr tablet stamped COO. Guaranteed to euro or
ffr**wafMf your money back. Sample and booklet free.
Bgy Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANT,
laiiy Chicago or New York.
CATHARTIC \A
AftfUUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES
Greatest In the World «*JUniversity of Arizona.
The University of Arizona Is a stand
ing evidence that Arizona means, very
soon to become a State oh- the level of
the best, for no self-respecting State in
these, days would dare to start out'
without at least one, State institution
of college grade. It might almost be said
that the practical wisdom of the State
makers is measured by the degree of
concentration of these efforts. At any
rate Arizona has followed the excellent
'example of California, and Minnesota
in placing all its interests under one
management, and so the University of
Arizona, at Tucson, comprehends the
college 'of agriculture and mechanic
arts, the experiment station, the school
of " mines and a sub-collegiate depart
ment, pending the further development
of the secondary school system of the
Territory.— Sunset Magazine.
Rumors are rife that there is likely to be another lynch
ing in Modoc County. The none too remote lynching
spasm through which the county passed is indication safe
enough to predict that sinister designs are being hatched
upon the lives of some of the leading citizens of the county.
It must be consoling to neighboring communities that
county lines are respected in these little affairs.
A certain liquor dealer In this city
whose name shall be nameless for the
present has decided that it was not
wise to try and cheat Uncle Sam out
of his Just dues in the matter of whis
ky tax. This is how it all. happened.
Our good friend is a German and has
all the native German warmth of soul;
therefore, when two young men with
frank, open countenances came to him
one day and mysteriously stated that
they had a good 'proposition which they
would like to let him in on he led tha
way to the private office immediately"
There the two, honest young men pro
duced a flask and asked the genial li
quor merchant to sample it. "We've
got Just one barrel of that stuff which
has come straight from the Cumber
land Mountains in Kentucky and a
Government official never saw the bar
rel, either," said they, with a knowing
wink. . b
It looked good to our German friend
and he paid for the forty-gallon bar-^
rel at $2 a gallon right on the spot
The goods were delivered in ship-shape
order the next day and the liquor man
chuckled at. the thought of beating the
Government out of 51 25 per gallon
Forthwith he went. below and tapped
the new keg for a gallon; yes, it tasted
Just like; the sample— there was no skin
came there. Then for a no ther gallon.
- A local lecturer painted a very pretty picture a few nights
ago of modern Mexico. It is well that, our southern neigh
bor is prospering in the arts of peace and progress, that her
courts are just and her people sane in an ambition to take
their places among the leaders of nations. All of this helps
us !to bear with fortitude and patience the little, idle, spit
firing brawlers who encroach upon her southern borders.
The Latest Dodge.
r A Trite Sea Dog.
Jn these days of much traveling it 13
nothing unusual to run acro33 persons
who have crossed the Atlantic forty,
fifty or even a hundred times. But the
record of the most assiduous of these
voyagers pales to Insignificance beside
that of Thomas Klnsey. who is a purser
of the American Steamship Line of
New York. Mr. Klnsoy has Just com
pleted his eight hundred and twenty
seventh Atlantic passag?. which i3 un
doubetdly more by a hundred or so than
any other man alive can show. As Mr.
Kinsey Is by no means a man of ad
vanced age, and as he is regularly
making two tripa every month, it la
likely that he will accomplish a total
of a thousand or more crossings before
he retires from the sea. The veteran
traveler first crossed the ocean as a lad
of 10 years in the City of Manchester,
one of the earliest of screw steamships.
Since that time he has seen steamships
multiplied In size tenfold and the time
of the ocean Journey cut down from
twelve days to six. He has made the
ocean journey with many of the promi
nent men of both hemispheres.— Leslie's
Weekly. ..
The Berlin Boerse took its annual day off not long since
and devoted' the time to meditation and prayer. This prac
tice, so delightfully ingenuous, ought to be refreshing, even
as an experiment. It is highly probable that everybody else
having, anything to do with the Boerse prays -every other
day in the year. .
MR. BELL, new Democratic Representative from the
Second District of California) has made a speech in
the House against Cuban reciprocity. In this he
declared that the farmers of California need the measure of
protection now afforded them by the Dingley bill, and that
the sugar-beet growers demand this. He warned the Re
publicans that California is not surely in the Republican
column because of the feeling of the people on this question.
Sugar beets, however, are not the only product of Califor
nia that has and needs protection. Mr. Bell will doubtless
come home and run again next year, as a Democrat. The
planters of this State have protection, and need it, on. citrus
fruits, olive products, raisins and wool. In Mr. Bell's dis
trict the citrus planters of Butte, Yuba and 'Suiter,' and the
raisin planters of Yolo, and the olive planters all over his
territory, like the wine-grape growers, - want the protection
afforded by the Dingley bill. -
When Mr. Bell runs again will he stand by his declara
tions just made in the House? • Wil< he agree to stay out
of his party caucus and refuse to commit himself to the de
struction of that protection which he now says is necessary?
In the event of his party getting Champ Clark's majority in
the next House, .will he pledge himself to oppose the election
of a Speaker who will organize the Committee of Ways and
Means £or the removal of that protection to California in
dustries which he now declares is necessary to their exist
ence? ' «-Jr^*'*i '¦*¦¦" ., :
Mr. Bell may occupy some of his leisure in preparing his
answer to these inquiries. It is one thing to oppose a Re
publican administration measure of reciprocity, by. praising
the Republican policy of .protection, but it is quite another
thing to stand by protection on the stump as a Democratic
candidate for Congress. Mr. Bell isra statesman or he
would not be in Congress. The Republican members who
are with him in opposing' reciprocity will next year.'and the
next, stand by protection. Will he? Or will he turn his
party policy of free trade loose in the vineyards of Napa and
Sonoma,, the citrus orchards .of' the .Sacramento Valley, the
raisin plantations of Yolo, the sheep • ranges of Lake and
Mendocino, the olive orchards oLButte, to uproot them all?
It is part of the wisdom of_ statesmanship to" leave open a
BELL ON PROTECTION.
The Great Lacking.
A sculptor in old Venice long ago
In marble shaped a statue, so divino
In concept, that he said: "This work of
mine
Shall win the praise of Michael Angelo."
The master "came, and, searchingly and
slow.
His keen eyes marked each curvature
and line —
The god-like pose — the draperies
traced so fine —
"It lacks one thing," he murmured soft
and low.
Years passed, and then the gentle, sooth
ing hand
. Of Death was laid upon the sculptor's
brow;
But ere he passed he called unto his
bed
Great Angelo; and. from the border-land.
6aM 8 taS e e n now7'? ray ' What laCks
." I L£g?.a!. BiftOf "P-eV^th.
. ' G. N. LOWE.
For the discovery of things new and strange and for con
ditions which pass understanding even to the point of in
credulity, Watsonville has taken a leap into popular favor
only second to the fame which came to her after President
Roosevelt made a speech of international significance. She
has found a man who has $30,000 in the bank, but doesn't
know which bank.
Count Tisza.
Count Stephen Tisza, who for the sec
ond time has undertaken the duties of
Austro-Hungarian Prime Minister, is
reputed one of the ablest public men in
Hungary,' and certainly the ablest of
the younger generation. He is sup
posed to represent a policy of "the
Btrong hand" and to be rather inclined
to crush than to outmaneuver a foe.
.Like many men of ctrong character, he
is not popular, and he has never con
tented to court public favor. He Is a
vigorous partisan of the dual system,
and is one of the few Hungarians cred
ited with possessing a comprehensive
knowledge of international relations
and of Hungary's true international
horizon and an accurate perception of
its position In relation to the rest of
Europe. He is not devoid of ambition,
! and his friends express anxiety lest his
career should be wrecked in a vain at
tempt to solve a situation which many
believe to be Insoluble under present
conditions. "Hungary," says a Vienna
correspondent of a London newspaper,
"is not overstocked with great men,
and a second fiasco, 'which would stamp
him as the fruitless candidate of Vien
na, would damage his prestige to an
I extent from which' even his youth
might not enable him to recover. It is
therefore .'to be hoped that his attempt
may succeed and that the Impulse
which has made, him throw himself
into the breach may not prove to have
been as futile as it was generous."
PROFESSOR STEWART'S address before the Coun
cil of Jewish Women on "The Musical Needs of San
Francisco" is a valuable contribution to the discussion
of a subject which ought to be taken up seriously within the
near future. It is quite possible indeed that the address will
prove the beginning of a vigorous campaign of education on
the subject and lead to action. At any rate the plea appeals
to a sentiment already formed and the response to it from
the public will be as prompt as was the applause from the
audience.
As a rule American communities have given little atten
tion to genuine musical culture. In fact so slight was" the
study. given to the art in times past that for many years Bos
ton managed to maintain a high reputation as a musical cen
ter merely by erecting a big organ and supporting an ora
torio society. The influence of the French, German and
Italian elements that have been infused into the population of
our larger cities of recent years has had the effect of enor
mously stimulating the study of music and elevating the
popular taste in regard to it, but still in most American com
munities very little has been done to provide adequate means
for either musical instruction or musical performances.
So far as popular taste and public appreciation of good
music go San Francisco ranks as high as any other city in
the Union and probably higher than any other, yet even here
the provisions for musical culture and for musical perform
ances are far below the level. of what they should be. The
suggestion that the two universities establish and maintain
chairs of music is a good one and has doubtless long ere this
engaged the attention of the presidents of those institutions.
Even were it carried out, however, as of course it will be
eventually, the musical needs of San Francisco will be unsat
isfied. We may confidently expect all our needs of this kind
to be supplied .in the future, but an incessant discussion of
them by persons of recognized authority will have a good
effect in hastening the coming of that time.
OUR MUSICAL NEEDS.
Arrests in New York.
According to a New York paper In
the three months ended June 30, the
record of which has Just been pub
lished, 48,966 arrests were made by the
police of New York. Of them 35,341
were In the boroughs of Manhattan
and the Bronx.
Ot those arrested in old New York
8553 were apprehended for disorderly
conduct, 7146 or intoxication, 1095 for
petty larceny, 2186 as suspicious per
sons, 3304 for violating corporation or
dinances, 1387 for violating the liquor
tax law and 1819 for intoxication and
disorderly conduct. Many other arrests
were made for violations of statutes or
ordinances not amounting to a felony,
and when it Is remembered that many
of the arrests are made without Just
cause, the victims being discharged in
court immediately on arraignment, the
number of criminals of really serious
Importance captured by the police is
seen to be relatively smalL
How Comes the End?
Speculations concerning the manner
in which life on the world •will come to
an end are as varied as they are Inter
esting. Here are some of the latest
theories, according to a writer in Har
per's Weekly: As the interior of tho
earth grows gradually cooler, the wa
ters on the surface will sink and be
absorbed until the exterior of the globe
is a parched and uninhabitable desert.
Another theory is that the water will
encroach on the land, eating it away
until the oceans entirely cover the sur
face. A more picturesque theory holds
that our world Is bound eventually to
collide with one cf the Innumerable
comets that are tearing lrrespor.siM/
through space; or the sun's heat may
suddenly become so intensified that tka
earth will be shriveled up like a moth
in a candle flame.
Thirteen thousand five hundred people paid more than
$25,000 to see the intercollegiate game of football between
Stanford and Berkeley. Out of this army of spectators how
many arc willing to swear they know who the individual
players were, what they were doing, what the whole thing
was about or how the result was won? But it was a glorious
game, just the same.
Rubbers.
The spectacle presented by a certain
treasurer of a theater here in town as
he lay back in his high chair in the of
fice of the theater the other day and
laughed uproariously, almost caused a
stampede In the long line of people who
were waiting an opportunity to pur
chase seats at the window. He laughed
until tears ran down his cheeks and the
attaches of the theater were beginning
to think that his brain was softening.
He evidently could not control him
self and he flnallr called, an assistant,
surrendered his chair .to him and
walked out.
Then he explained. "When I came
on duty this morning at 9 o'clock," said
he, "the line of people waiting for
tickets extended a full block.- The / most
noticeable figure in the line was a great
big fat German. He was standing away
down the line when I first saw him.
Well, I used him for a sort of gauge,
and I figured that it would be about 11
o'clock by the time he got to the ticket
window. It was just 11:15 when he
showed ud and I, figuring that a man
of his proportions and very evident
unwieldlness, who could stick to such
a tantalizing job as waiting for a
chance to buy a couple of seats de
served something pretty good, pre
pared to hand him out the best in the
house.
"You can Imagine how I felt when
he poked his head through the window
and said. 'Mister, did you vas find my
rubbers here last nide?' "
Beardslee? 's Record,
Rear Admiral Beardslee. whose death
at Augusta, Ga., Tuesday has been
noted, had seen much service, and soma
of its early Incidents were of uncom
mon interest, for when a midshipman
on the sloop Plymouth on what was
then the East Indies station, he was
one of those who landed with Commo
dore Matthew H. Perry at Kurihama.
Japan, July 14, 1833, and was present at
the interview between Perry and the
two Princes representing the Mikado,
who received foSfhlm a letter from
President Fillmordiwhlch opened Japan
to commerce. When he revisited Ja
pan in 1900 'he suggested that a monu
ment should be erected on the site of
that memorable meeting, and such a
monument was put up by the Japan
ese and was unveiled on the anniver
sary in 1901. In the course of his ser
vice in the east he also was in the
fight with the Chinese Junks at Shang
hai. In the Civil War he took part in
the attack of the Ironclads on the de
fenses of Charleston harbor and the
capture of the rebel steamer Florida
at Bahia, being at the latter event lieu
tenant commander and commanding
the Wachusett. The next particularly
interesting bit of service he had was
taking to China in 1870 the tug Palos,
the first vessel flying the Stars and
Stripes to pass through the Suez canal.
He was retired by age limit in 1S93, be
ing at that time second ranking of
ficer of the navy and president of the
examining and retiring boards at
Washington. His home fn recent years
had been at Beaufort, S. C
Mountain Destruction.
BY GEOHGE FREDERICK K. WRIGHT,
A. M.. LU D.
{Author of "Ths Icp A^f in North America."
•'Man onii the Glacial Period." etc.)
The comparatively recent age of the
highest mountains is most conclusively
ehown from the simple fact that they
have resisted the vigorous .denuding
agencies which are everywhere at work
to tear them down; that is, the fact
that they exist at all shows that they
are young. For the moment a wrinkle
of land rises out of the water
the winds and rains and frost
begin to act upon it, tearing
it to pieces and carrying it back into
the sea. The higher it rises the more
active become all these agencies. The
Hanks of the slowly rising mass are
soon plowed into gorges and ravines
by the torrents of water which flow
rapidly down them, while the rocks
above are cracked by the alternate ac
tion of the heat of the sun's rays and
the cold of the rarified atmosphere at
great heights, so that a vast talus of
rocky debris collects about all the prec
ipices, while glaciers in slow but ma
jestic movements pick up the debris
and carry it down to lower levels, at
the same time grinding a considerable
portion of it into powder, bo that it can
be easily carried off by the floods re
fulting from the melting of the ice.
Calculations as to the rapidity with
which these denuding agencies are at
work in all high mountains would
show some startling results. At the
4 ate at which these agencies are at
work in the Alps they will lose from
10,000 to 12.000 feet of their height in
the course of 1.000.000 years, and there
fore be reduced to somewhat such pro
portions as we have in the Allegheny
Mountains or in the mountains of New
England. But the greater masses of
mountains of Central Asia and in
Western America would resist these
agencies for a much longer period, and
will remain in lofty heights long after
puch narrow ranges as the .Alps and
the Caucasus have dwindled into in
significance. The principal evidence
upon which Professor Russell relies to
prove the very recent elevation of
Mount St. EMas is that its flanks show
bo little sign of erosion. The streams of
water and ice coming down from It
rave scarcely begun to eat into its
side*, as they have done upon most
other mountains of that height.
The picturesque features of mountain
scenery are mostly due to the erosion of
mountain torrents, and are consequent
ly a feature of their youth. In their old
age mountains become subdued in ap
pearance and generally lose much of
their ruggedness, consisting merely of
bosses of harder rock moderate in
height which have resisted erosion
more puccessfully than other portions,
and which are now perhaps more than
half buriod in the debris that accumu
lated about their bases. The Piedmont
region of our Southern Atlantic States
and large portions of New England
are striking illustrations of this effect-
In Europe the Ural Mountains are an
other illustration, which now consist of
a moderate elevation of old rocks ris
ing but 1000 or 2000 feet above the gen
tly sloping plains of sedimentary rock
which stretch long distances both into
Europe and into Asia.
While the majority of the mountains
of the world have been formed by the
slow elevation of vast continental areas
and the subsequent erosion of their
sides ar.d softer portions, there is an
other class of great interest directly
connected with volcanic forces. Vesu
vius and Mount Etna are familiar ex
emple* in the old world of mountain
heights which have been formed by
the Fuceessive and long-continued
eruption of lava and volcanic ashes
piling up a cone about the opening (in
the case of Etna to a height of nearly
30,000 feet), while :n North America
we have extinct volcanic cones, formed
in a similar manner, in Mount Shasta
(U.440 feet in height). Mount Ranier
(14.444), Mount Popocatapetl (17,784),
and various -peaks in South America,
rising to a still greater height. Mount
Ararat and sevrral other peaks in that
vicinity are similar volcanic cones, ris
ing to a height of 17,000 foet. Fujiyama.
in Japan, is another, rising in beautiful
conelike proportions to an elevation of
12,000 feet from a region that is dotted
o\-er with many other volcanic cones of
emaller proportions. But most impres
sive of all to thj? scientific imagination
are tboEs towering volcanic cones like
Teneriffe and Maujia Loa, which, while
rising many thousand feet nbove the
level of the sea, have their bass at 'an
equal depth on the bottom of the ocean
below.
but the tap refused to leak a drop.
Yet the barrel was heavy and the
liquid inside swashed with an inviting
sound. Turn it this way and that,
there was nothing doing, and finally
the wise liquor merchant attacked the
barrel with an ax.
Ah. sad revelation! Within the bar
rel there was a gallon tube connected
directly with the spigot, which smelt
of the whisky which had flown. "The
other thirty -nine gallons were Spring
Valley water.
THE recent attempt to injure a young woman by en
ticing her into a vacant house in this city adds another
to the vacant house tragedies here. They are all of
the nature of the church tragedy in which two young women
lost their lives. We have now five such mysteries, though
fortunately in this last attempt the intended victim saved
herself and escaped.
It is no use to publish warnings to people, for they are for
gotten at the critical moment. If the young woman in this
last case had answered the thug's request that she enter the
house to help take care of his sister, who had fainted, by
telling him to call a policeman she would not have walked
into danger as she did. There is, however, one means of
preventing these peculiarly gruesome and revolting trage
dies'. It is the habit of owners of vacant houses that are for
rent to leave the key with a house agent or at a nearby store
of some sort and to advertise where it may be found on the
rent placard on the building. Any one goes to "the place
where the key is and secures it as an intending renter to in
spect the building. In possession of the key a criminal has
control of the premises for any purpose. He may duplicate
the key in order to get access to the house and rob it when
it is occupied or he may use it as a temporary shelter for
crime.
This custom of giving up keys to strangers should be stop
ped. It will cost the owner of the premises or the agent a
little trouble perhaps, but no more than is required by ordi
nary prudence in a freeholder. The present custom opens
the way to crime that may be committed without possibility
of detection. The custodian of a key seldom makes such
inspection of a proposed renter as to serve for identification
of a suspected thug, and a criminal wretch is as safe by such
methods in a large city as if he were in an unpeopled wil
derness.
The Police Department should admonish all house owners
and agents to cease the habit of giving up keys, which proves
to be an impenetrable Shelter for crime. Not only may
women be the victims, %\t men may be enticed into vacant
houses, robbed and murdered and the criminal leave no
trace. No house owner should want people going into his
building alone any way. It is imprudent to permit it and a
moment's thought will convince any onelthat it is wrong to
the owner' and may cause greater wrong to the innocent,
who are made the victims of an opportunity for which the
owner is responsible.
VACANT HOUSE TRAGEDIES.
The announcement has been made- in complete but baf
fling seriousness" that Corbett and Fitzsimmons have been
matched for a prize fight. If a public, indulgent to absurd
ity, can swallow this contest it seems that the prize' fight
promoters of San Francisco are overlooking a golden op
portunity in not putting agents* in our old people's homes
to look for candidates for fistic easy money.
ATTORNEY GENERAL WEBB has decided that the
law empowering horticultural officers to destroy trees
and vines which are infested with scale and other
noxious insects does not apply to trees and vines that have
diseases not traceable to the presence of insects. California
is much interested in the sanitation of orchards and vine
yards. Entomology has wrought mightily for this State in
discovering beneficial insects which prey upon their pre
daceous brethren. The importation of the ladybug, due to
the efforts of the late Frank McCoppin, saved our citrus
industry by eradicating the white scale, and it was followed
by the introduction of other insects which clean up the black
scale, and, we believe that even the San Jose scale is now un
der control.
But wherever nature plants exceeding capacity for any
form. of production there she plants also checks upon it. We
may complain that nature proceeded in defiance of economic
principles in providing insects and diseases to limit our fruit
product. But nature is unheeding of that criticism. Her
arrangements are anti-monopolistic r:id extend through all
forms of life. Existence has been defined as a struggle to
eat and avoid being eaten. It is the rule throughout all
forms of animate and inanimate life that where physicalcon
ditions favor any form and promote its maximum develop
ment there is the destroyer to hold it in check.
The decision. of the Attorney General that diseased trees
and vines may not be destroyed by any authority now con
ferred by law brings vegetable pathology to the front as a
science of the greatest importance to our fruit industry. It
is probable that there are not five completely equipped vege
table pathologists in the United States. The Agricultural
Department at Washington succeeded in securing one and
was permitted to pay him $1800 a year. The Government of
Japan heard of him and promptly secured him on a long con
tract at a salary of $8ooo a year. The Agricultural Depart
ment has found itself compelled to educate and train its own
experts in vegetable physiology and pathology and the
process is slow. Our schools are training such a surplus of
lawyers, doctors and pharmacists that they might well turn
their attention to giving us a few vegetable physiologists and
pathologists. California wants them, for here we have pecul
iar vegetable diseases.
When Eugene Sue described the use of a fungus to kill
men it was supposed to be a creation of the imagination. He
described the administration of ,a powdered fungus in the
drink. The victim felt no immediate ill effects, but finally
the fungus grew and sent its filaments into all the nutritive
and vital organs and killed men just as the parasitic fungus
is now known to kill vines and trees. In our vineyards we
have the Anaheim disease that has baffled allefforts to cure,
and also the California disease, both believed to be peculiar
to this State. It is not known that they are contagious, for
it seems probable that they arise in conditions that are not
communicable by contact. They have a destructive com
panion in the asparagus disease, which threatens that im
portant crop. Now it is probable that these diseases are
caused by a fungus, which enters the sap of the plant and
germinates there, just as Eugene Sue's fungus entered the
blood of men and sprouted and grew.
If these pests be non-contagious destroying the plants will
not eradicate them. They are part of nature's anti-monopoly
compaign to prevent too great abundance of any one form
of vegetable life. Where must their cause be sought? Is it
in the soil, the sunshine, the air? Only patient pathological
investigation can find the secret of their origin, and where
are the pathologists?
It must not be understood that we say that California is
alone in having these obscure vegetable diseases. The field
crops of the East and the trees and vines there have these
troubles. The great enemy of the Eastern peach is the "yel
lows," which has never appeared here, fortunately for our
peach growers, for it is the despair of the vegetable doctors.
It is probably of fungous origin. The wheat and corn crops
are attacked and injured by rust and smut, both fungi and
allied to the mushroom, which we eat with satisfaction, and
the toadstool, which we don't eat at all if we know it. When
we leave the orchard, garden, -vineyard and field and go into
the- forest we find the timber that guards our water supply
sick abed with these vegetable parasite diseases, and when
the whole field of nature is surveyed it is a vast hospital of
sick plants, calling for the services of the vegetable patholo
gist. Where is he?
Out of the Rain.
The first time I ran across her was
one stormy \night last winter. She
.begged 10 cents for a cup of coffee. I
hesitated. Beggars asking alms I met
nightly as I wended my way home af
ter my long hours* work. They were
mostly men, however, and as* I looked
at this poor, decrepit creature on
crutches, standing before me in the
rain, her slight body shaking with a
hacking, consumptive cough, I was
deeply touched. I fumbled In my pock
et for a quarter.
As she reached to get it a coin drop
ped from her hand. I immediately be
gan to upbraid her for being a profes
sional beggar. Tears filled her eyes as
she hurried to explain that she had a
little girl sick with a fever at home
and was endeavoring to get money
enough to 'get her some medicine.
"God knows I wouldn't ask you for
this if my child was not in need of
medical aid," she said. "I can't get
her a doctor. I can do no work my
self, bo I am compelled to beg. Oh,
you don't know how it hurts me."
I went with her to the place she
called home, more out of curiosity than
anything else, to see if she had been
telling the truth and really had a sick
child there. In a hovel way down on
the south -side lay the child. It took
but a glance from one not even versed
in medicine to tell that the child was
fast going beyond all medical aid. Poor
little thing, she stretched out her puny
arms and a flicker of a smile lit up
her wan face as her mother came into
the room.
I got a physician, but the little one
passed away during the night. "Ag
gravated case of scarlet fever," said
the doctor. The woman's grief was
pitiful. We took up a subscription
among the boys and we buried the
body. I could see In the mother's eyes
that longing for death, death which
alone brings relief from trouble. She
had nothing for which to drag out her
miserable life now. We gave her a
couple of, dollars and never met her
again on the street.
One night I bad occasion to go to the
Morgue for a story and a deputy cas
ually told me there was an unknown
woman down stairs. I went down
stairs to see the corpse. There lay the
crippled woman. I fancied I saw the
remains of a smile on the cold face.
She had found the death she sought
and had gone to the little one she
loved.
rious matters useful or injurious to the
body— the former to be utilized, the
iattcr to be excreted. Thus we see
that the blood is" the great intermedi
ary, the great medium of the body.
From :t ell the organs obtain their
fcod; into it they cast their excreta.
Now, in the human body, as we have
said before, "things are seldom as they
seem." The body appears to be solid,
a homogeneous whole. In reality it i3
merely a vast mass of infinitely small
cells. The blood appears to be a simple
red fluid. In reality it is not red, nor
is it simple. The blood consists of two
portions, the plasma and a solid por
tion, the cells. The plasma, or liquor
Esr.guinis, is a transparent, colorless
fluid, in which are floating an immense
number of small bodies called
cells. These cells constitute near
ly one-half of — the total weight
of the blood. They are of several va
rieties, although, so far as known, the
work of the blood is performed by cells
of two kinds, the red blood cells, or
erythrocytes, and white cells, or leuko
cytes/. The red cells, as they are called,
are not really red, but when floating in
a thin layer of blood fluid, plasma, they
are seen to be of a pale straw color.
It is only when they are thicRly massed
together that they appear red.
Let us get clearly in mind a picture
of the blood stream propelled by Its
central pump and entirely filling Its
complex system of tubes. We can Im
agine the blood sweeping round and
round, making a complete circuit of
the double loop three times in each
minute. In the lungs it gives up its
load of poisonous matter and takes up
fresh oxygen with which to feed the
tissues. Then it goes back to the heart,
and the powerful contraction of the
left ventricle sends the blood in a great
gush, seventy-two to the minute,
through the complex maze of tubes
forming the circulatory system. In the
course of its journey through the body
the blood does many things. In the
stomach and intestines it absorbs di
gested food for its own replenishment-
While passing through another organ
this absorbed food, till then simply for
eign matter floating in the blood, be
comes actually a part of the blood. In
other organs red and white cells are
born. In others the dead cells are left
to be carried out of the body. Again,
certain products are consumed to keep
up the weight of the body, and certain
waste matters left behind in the rapid
sweep of the blood through the tissues.
Lastly, the blood, exhausted of its oxy
gen and heavily loaded with waste and
poisons, reaches the heart, from which
it is sent to the lungs to be purified,
and so commences another cycle. When
we remember that the blood stream
makes an entire circuit of the lungs
and the tissues in about twenty sec
onds and that it travels at the rate of
seven miles an hour, 160 miles a day,
we can realize something of the mar
velous work performed by it.
And all this work is done by the
blood cells, the -red cells (the erythro
cytes) and the white cells (the leuko
cytes). The red cells are the carriers
of the blood. These cells contain a
substance which has the power of ab
sorbing: oxygen, which is given out as
required 'during the circuit through the
tissues. These red blood cells are very
small — so small that it would require
3200 of them placed Bide by side to
reach one inch. Their number is enor
mous, there being no less than 70,000.
000.000 of them in a cubic inch of blood.
Their functions, however, are compara
tively simple. The great worker, the
most wonderful worker In the body
and the most Interesting cell known
to science, is the white cell of the blood,
the leukocyte. These remarkable crea
tures, often called phagocytes, "war
rior cells" or "devouring cells," are
possessed of such powers and are so
important as to deserve an article to
themselves, and we shall discuss them
in our next.
TREE AND VINE 'DISEASE.
line of retreat. Where is Mr. Bell's line? Will he venture
to say, now that he has the privilege of the floor, f what he
will do when the policy of protection is again before the
people of California for indorsement or rejection?
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.. ........ .Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ~ ....'. fi^HPH^ Third, and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY • V.....r..:......i :.............. ....NOVEMBER 21, 1903
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 21, 3903.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic flra
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main lOtt. *
The denizens of a New Jersey city are up in arms to cap
ture a~ mysterious marauder, dubbed the "Kisser," who
disturbs the peace of mind of the fair sex of the town. For
the fair fame of the locality it is presumed that the ladies
want it emphatically understood that the kisser is simply the
wrong man in the right occupation. .
The Life Fluid.
BT T7. R. C. LATSOX, M. D.
(Editor Hralth Culture Magazine, New Tcrk.)
Of all the vital organs of the human
body the blood 1* the most interesting
and the most important. "The blood ia
the life" embodies a truth that is not
merely metaphorical. It is actually
true. To some It may ceem strange to
refer to the blood as a vital organ. The
fact that it is fluid seems to make it
seem less important. Eut in reality the
blood is the center o* all life activities.
As regards the human body it may be
said that into the blood all things en
ter; out of the blood all things come.
The digcsted_food and the oxygen,in
haled by the lungs are absorbed into the
tlopd and from that same blood mil
lions of tiny filters extract- air the va-
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe Commissioners discussed at some
length the merits and demerits of the
several statues in Golden Gate Park.
It was the Judgment of the board that
the Starr King monument, designed by
Daniel Chester French, represented the
best work in that line In the park.
This monument is , seen by but few
visitors, as it Is in an out of the way
place and . very nearly concealed, by
foliage. President Spreckels and Su
perintendent McLaren were requested
to submit to the board an estimate of
the cost of placing the monument' in a
conspicuous position in the park.
The incident was reported that a
committee of the Grand Jury recently
visited Golden Gate Park and sampled
the pie at the children's quarters. The
secretary reported that the expert did
not accompany the committee. V'l .'.,
money on hand to build the fountain,
anyway, so Brandenstein is In the air.
The question of entering into the
half-yearly contracts for coal, lumber
and hay was discussed. The board de
cided to advertise for proposals for
supplying these commodities up to
March 1, 1904.
At the suggestion of Commissioner
Lloyd the secretary was instructed to
furnish an estimate of the quantity
and quality of tea, coffee, groceries,
milk, etc., for the children's quarters,
so that competition In furnishing such
supplies may be solicited.
STARB KINO MONUMENT.
Disagreeable weather .is apt to make
one cross, but the home that has a gas
range la the kitchen is always bright
and sunny; no trouble there. . Buy one
from San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. . •
John Mortality, who was convicted of
burglary, and Alexander Hagan, who
pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary
in Judge Dunne's court, appeared for
sentence yesterday. They were each
sentenced to serve two and a half years
in Ban Quentin. On October 9 they
boarded the schooner General Banning
end stole the ship's compass.
Sentenced for Burglary.
"WILLIAMSTOWN, Mass., Nov. 20.—
Another case of typhoid at Williams
College, making eight since the out
break, was reported to-day. The latest
victim is Eugene H. Leaning of Glo
versville, N. Y. There are three other
suspected cases in the infirmary, but no
new ones were admitted to-day and the
college officials believe that the threat
ened epidemic has been averted.
Typhoid at "Williams College.
Rev. Father Richard P. Brennan, who
has been dangerously ill for the past
week, was a trifle better last niffht Dr.
W. F. McNutt and Dr. C, F. Buckley met
In consultation over the case last evening
and decided that from hi£ symptoms the
patient had sained slightly during the
day, but chances for his recovery are
very plight, as his advanced age of 78
years is very much against him.
Aged Priest Slightly Better.
Deceased was 55 rears of age and
leaves a wife and two Bons. Howard
C. and R. Lloyd Rowley. He resided
at 2955 Buchanan street
Brainard N\ Rowley, editor of the
California Fruit Grower, fell dead— a
victim of a.porjlexy— in his office at 320
Sansome street yesterday afternoon.
His father-in-law, Edward A. T. Gal
lagher, and L. R. Andrews, an em
ploye, were in the adjoining room and
heard the unfortunate man falL They
rushed In and found him dying:. Dr.
Kenyon was summoned, but when he
arrived Rowley was dead. In falling
he struck his head against an iron
prating and fractured his ekull. Death
would have resulted from the apoplec
tic stroke alone, however.
BBAIKARD N. E0W1EY
DEAD FROM APOPLEXY
Editor cf California Fruit Grower Is
Stricken While in His
Office.
The Fresno City Railway Company
wants the Park Commissioners to give
away some of the elk of the Golden
Gate Park herd. Discussion as to
whether Fresno should have elk dis
closed the fact that the municipal au
thorities of Tulare have not acknowl
edged the receipt of two elk sent from
Jthe park some time ago to that place.
The secretary was Instructed to write
to Tulare and ascertain if the elk
reached their destination.
Superintendent McLaren wa3 directed
to elve the San Francisco Fruit and
Flower Mission an extra quantity of
flowers from the park for distribution
on Thanksgiving day.
A suggestion from Commissioner Sul
livan that the board reconsider Its ac
tion in accepting a fountain design re
cently submitted by M. Earl Cummings
caused an animated interchange of
views and the display of some warmth
on the part of Commissioner Altman,
the Artist member of the board, it ap
pears that Mr. Brandenstein of the
Board of Supervisors has been talking
to his Democratic brethren, Sullivan
and McDonald, telling them how
money for the maintenance of the
parks can be expended by the commis
sion and how it cannot be expended.
Brandenstein holds that all commodi
ties shall be open to competitive bid
ding. Commissioner Altman insisted
that the design of the fountain accept
ed bv the commission should not be
rejected. He did not believe in throw
ing cold water on a Californlan artist
who had Just returned from Europe.
Commissioner Altman made the point
clear to the understanding of Commis
sioners McDonald and Sullivan that
Cummings waa a Calif ornian— as good
a Californlan as Sculptor Douglas Til
den or Sculptor Robert Aitken. Com
missioners Spreckels and Lloyd were
so deeply Impressed with the earnest
ness of Mr. Altman that they voted
against Mr. Sullivan's motion to recon
sider the acceptance. There Is no
A letter from "William Alv<y<3 of the
bankers' executive committee thank
ing the commission for courtesies and
flowers was read.
A letter from A. C. Roblson was read.
He offers to give the commissioners
pheasants in exchange for 100 quail.
Superintendent McLaren said there
were several pheasants in Golden Gate
Park. President Spreckels remarked
that there was a large number of Mon
golian pheasants on his ranch twelve
miles south of San Jose and offered to
let the commissioners have for the park
all the birds that they could trap. Mr.
McLaren was authorized to engage a
trapper and get the birds. Mr. Rob
ison's proposition to exchange was de
clined.
Letters from Frank Dillingham,
United States Consul General at Auck
land, New Zealand, brought out the
fact that Sir John Logan Campbell re
cently save to the Memorial Museum
relics of the KT~t San Francisco fire
of 1E51. A letter from Sir John de
scriptive of the fire is as Interesting as
the eouvenirs of the conflagration.
Speaking of the enterprise of Califor
nians in 1S51, he says that a restaurant
which was completely destroyed by fire
on Sunday was reopened for business
on the Wednesday following. Sir John
says he dined there on the occasion of
the reopening and the "menu was as
long as your arm." This eminent New
Zealander, who cave to Auckland a
beautiful park, is 87 years young. A
two-mile Jaunt is auite within the
range of his walking strength. The
Commissioners yesterday decided to
give Auckland some mineral specimens
in exchange for the fire relics given
to San Francisco by Sir John Logan
Campbell. Thus Is the spirit of inter
national reciprocity refreshed.
"ELK. FOR FRESNO.
Professor Gruber was thanked for the
gift to the memorial museum of a pair
of wingless rail. Reuben H. Lloyd
remarked that Baron Rothschild re
cently paid $1000 for a pair of these
birds.
George B. and George A. Dow, re
plying to Inquiries propounded by Com
missioners McDonald and Sullivan,, said
there was no private understanding
with any commissioner that the Dow
pump should be used. It was further
shown that Brown's employment at the
Dow works did not begin until a month
after work on the pumps for general
stock had been ordered. Brown, after
leaving the Dows, went to work for
Stillman. Pierce & Smith. Withdrawal
of the accusation of favoritism to Dow
being complete the subject was dis
missed and the rival pump makers gave
one another the glad hand of peace.
Reports submitted indicated that the
profits of the " children's play ground
for the month of October amounted to
$418 24. The profits of the Japanese
garden were $110 85.
THANKS FOR EAIL.
The Park Commissioners met yester
day afternoon at the office of A. B*.
Spreckels, president of the board. All
the members of the commission attend
ed the session. The commissioners ex
pected that J. H. Brown would be pres
ent to explain why he mada the asser
tion that work on the duplicate pump
for the Dutch windmill was in progress
at the Dow works before the contract
had been awarded. G. W. Ingalls, rep
resenting the firm of Stlllman, Pierce
& Smith, reported that Brown was out
of tow-n. ' Records of the commission
were presented to show that all pro
ceedings in connection with the pur
chase of the pumps were regularly
taken in open session. Moreover the
order book of the Dowa vras produced
and the entry therein showed th»t work
on these pumps for general stock of
fourteen was begun January 3, 1903.
Commissioner Lloyd explained to Mr.
Ingalls that the charter required the
commission to give home manufactured
articles the preference. Mr. Ingalls,
being convinced that everything con
nected with the award of the contract
to the Dow works was fair and open,
apologized to the board for Brown's
statement.
The promotion committee yesterday
received a letter from Robert Simmons
Lee, a wealthy publisher of Boston,
ivho stated that his perusal of "Cali
fornia Addresses by President Roose
velt" left such an impression upon his
mind that he intended to purchase an
orangre orchard near Redlands.
President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University and President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California have notified the California
promotion committee that they will
eerve on its advisory board. The ac
quisition of these eminent educators
means an Incalculable strengthening of
the organization that is doing so much
to advance the material interests of
this State, as each is noted for activity
in any field of endeavor he enters.
The work of the promotion commit
tee Increases apace with the publicity
attained by its purposes and methods.
The headquarters are deluged with
written Inquiries from all parts of the
United States and delegates from Ore
gon, Texas, Hawaii, Tennessee and
Louisiana have come to investigate the
methods with a view to applying them
in their respective localities.
There is a remarkable demand for
the book, "California Addresses of Pres
ident Roosevelt," published by the pro
motion committee. The work has al
ready gone through several large edi
tions and another one must be issued
to meet the demand. It has been favor
ably reviewed by more thaa 300 news
papers published outside of this State.
One Insurance company yesterday or
dered 900 copies for distribution among
its agente in all parts of the world- The
book has had a large sale at the stores
and through private orders, and the
railroad and steamship and other cor
porations interested in the advance
ment of California have boomed it ex
tensively.
Of course. If "California Addresses
by President Roosevelt" were not an
entertaining and instructive book
would not ha\*e the vogne it has at
tained. It "makes good" all that the
publishers claim for it, and its best
advertisers are the people who have
read it. President Roosevelt grasped
the salient points of the progress and
development of this State, and ex
pounded them in his characteristically
comprehensive way. So the book is not
only an invaluable medium of adver
tising California, but affords a con
spicuous illustration of American pa
tiotism.
Miss Virginia Harned appeared as a
Russian Government agent who had
been assigned the task of preventing
the transmission of a state document
from the British embassy at St. Peters
burg to the Home Office in London, and
the scene was laid in a lonely house
near Berlin, whither tne Queen's mes
senger (Mr. William Courtenay) had
been enticed by the Slav siren. She
succeeded in drugging him and obtain
ing the document, but, womanlike, re
lented when she saw that he was de
termined to kill himself rather than
face the disgrace that awaited him if
he should return to London without the
dispatch. As a medium of bringing out
the best artistic qualities of Miss Har
ned the playlet is useful, but it cannot
be honestly pronounced a valuable con
tribution to the world's dramatic liter
ature. Mr. Courtenay played the
strong- weak English gentleman with
good discretion.
The "Village Choir" quartet, from the
Orpheum, and Queen, Stowe and Feely,
acrobats from the Chutes, rounded out
the long programme.
A ONE-ACT DRAMA.
The opening number was a grotesque
acrobatic act by the three Zolars, from
the Orpheum, and then Miss Harriette
Keycs, soprano of the "Ben Hur" com
pany, sang two numbers that gave her
opportunity to display artistic control
of a really good voice. From the Tivoli
came .Principals de Spada, Welsh,
Russo, Borghese, Dado and Cortesi and
the full chorus, and they sang the glo
rious sextet from "Lucia" with an ardor
that won them a mighty curtain call.
Paul Steindorff directed the orchestral
accompaniment to this number.
A very brief intermission was fol
lowed by the appearance of Mr. Wil
liam Kelley of the "Ben Hur" com
pany, who recited "Wallace's wonderful
description of the chariot race with a
correctness of phrasing and dramatic
intensity that were rewarded with three
thunderous recalls. Then the Central
Theater corps played the strongly me
lodramatic second act of "At Valley
Forge," and after a funny turn by
Warren and Blanchard from the Or
pheum the Alcazar company dampened
the eyes of the congregation by its pa
thetic presentation of the tfcird act of
Pinero's "Lady Bountiful." The Brit
tons, a couple of clever colored people
from the Orpheum, gave a singing and
dancing "stunt" that restored gayety to
the audience, and then came the only
purely original act of the series — a one
act drama by J. Hartley Manners, en
titled "A Queen's Messenger." It was
the first production of the piece in
America.
The performance was continuous
from 2 till C o'clock, and no better In
dorsement of Its excellence was needed
than the tenacity with which the seats
were held until the final curtain. Pretty
girls from the various theaters sold
souvenir programmes, and with time
honored absence of mind neglected to
return change to the indiscreet pur
chaser who tendered any coin of less
than the denomination of'$L But. no
body protested against the overcharge,
for every one knew that all the money
taken in would be put to charitable
use. All the performers and ' stage
hands donated their services, and
Messrs. Gottlob & Marx did not charge
for the use of their theater and Its ap
purtenances, Including* lights. The aug
mented orchestra included -the famous
Orpheum Harmonium, which made its
first appearance outside of the O'Far
rell-street home of \ vaudeville. And
Professor Rosner played It
A VARIED BILL.
About $2000 was contributed to the
charity fund of the Associated Theat
rical Managers of San Francisco by
those that crowded the Powell-street
playhouse yesterday afternoon. The as
semblage got much more than its
money's worth of varied entertainment,
to say nothing of the comfort conveyed
by consciousness of having helped a
deserving: cause. ' . . ; .
A splendid physique, a square Jaw,
denoting determination, and eyes that
are unflinching, give Father McGrail a
striking appearance. He is a graduate
of a Paris college, an interesting con
versationalist and thoroughly enjoys
the life of a sailor.
"Later I did duty along the coast of
Maine, and finally gratified my roving
disposition by getting transferred to
the Orient. It is not a difficult task for
a chaplain to get assigned to the
Asiatic squadron, for the majority of
the twenty-eight chaplains of the navy
are married men, and prefer to be sta
tioned nearer home. One advantage I
gain by going over to the other side is
that at the end of two years I will be
entitled to six years shore duty."
Rev. JoseDh F. McGrail, one of the
six Roman Catholic ' clergymen per
forming service as chaplain in the
United States navy, arrived from the
East yesterday, and is registered at the
Palace Hotel. He Is' en • route to the
Orient under orders to report to Ad
miral Evans of the 'Asiatic station, and
expects to sail for his new post of duty
on the next steamer.
Father McGrail is only SO years of
age, and has been two and a half years
in the navy, having succeeded Father
Chid wick, who was known as the man
most beloved by the men who went
down with the Maine on that ill-fated
night In the harbor of Havana. Dur
ing his career in the navy Father Mc-
Grail has been constantly on the go,
and has visited nearly all the Im
portant ports on the globe, except those
of Australia, He has been assigned to
the Asiatic squadron at his own re
quest. *
"I was first assigned to the Panther,"
said the chaplain last night, "and we
touched at nearly every port of Im
portance In Europe, going afterward to
Northern Africa and then to the West
Indiej. Immediately after the eruption
of Mont Pelee I was ordered aboard the
Dixie, and fourteen days after the
island of Martinique had been devastat
ed we landed. Such a horrifying sight as
greeted me on that day I hope' I will
never witness again. Such terrible suf
fering we beheld Is beyond description
by the pen. In fact the stories that
were, abroad of the awful disaster,
while true in the main, were far from
picturing to the mind of the sym
pathetic world the correctness of the
situation.
Commissioner A. Altman
Goes to the Rescue of a
Brother Artist.
Bock of Speeches by Roose
velt a Great Aid to Im
migration.
All the Playhouses Contribute
Talent and the House
Is -Full.'
Prefers the Roving Life of
the American Sailor to
. -j Shore Duty.
New Site for Starr King
Monument May Be
Chosen.
Two Thousand Dollars
Netted From Enter
tainment.
University Presidents to
Serve on Advisory
Committea
Father Joseph McGrail
BouDd for Asiatic
Squadron.
Miss Frances Allen gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday for Miss Christine
Pomeroy. Red was the color scheme
of the decorations, which included can
delabra with shades of the same color.
Among those present were Mrs. Shep
ard Eells, Miss Newell Drown, Miss
Helen Chesebrough, Miss Margaret
Postlethwaite, Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss
Anna Sperry, Miss Lucy Coleman, Miss
Elizabeth Livermore, Miss Margaret
Wilson, Miss Natalie Coffin.
Mrs. Seward McNear held her first
reception of this season yesterday af
ternoon at her home. The drawing
rooms were made artistic with violets
and chrysanthemums. The hostess
was assisted by the following friends:
Mrs. John Shepard Eells, Mrs. P. B.
Bowles, Mrs. G. "W. McXear Jr., Mrs.
Herbert Moffltt, Mrs. Harry East Mil
ler, Mrs. Harry Knowles, Mrs. "Wyatt
Allen, Mrs. A. E. "Whitney, Miss Ger
trude Eells. Mrs. McNear's reception
will be held on Friday, November 27.
Dr. Redmond Payne, George A. Webster, J.
H. Morton. C. J. Bandmann, Edward T.
Houghton. W. F. Mau, George Lewis, Dr.
Louis Deane. Ersklne Allison. W. L. McLaine,
Dr. Tracy Ruscell. Arthur Mau, Douglas Mac-
Bride and H. J. Kaufman.
Mrs. Mau and Miss Julia Mau gave
a large tea yesterday afternoon at their
home on Broadway, at ¦ which Miss
Lulu Bothih made her initial bow to
society. The young and pretty debu
tante is a cousin of Mies Mau and the
two are most congenial. The decora
tions were elaborate and artistic. The
halls were lined with palms and the
drawing-rooms were 'made beautiful
with roses, carnations and chrysanthe
mums. Several hundred callers were
received during the afternoon and the
receiving party was entertained at din
ner afterward, together with a corre
sponding number of men. An Informal
dance followed in the evening. Those
who assisted In receiving were:
Mrs. George A. Webster, Mrs. James Hamil
ton Morton, Mrs. ! James Irvine, Mrs. Joseph
M. Maeten. Mrs. William H. Morrow, Mrs.
Frederick H. Hood. Mrs. Charles J. Band
mann. Mrs. Richard JClelnachmidt, Mrs. Wila
11am F. Mau, Mrs. Herrmann J. Sadler, Mrs.
Thomas Morffew. Mrs. James L. Martel Mrs.
John Charles Adams, Mrs. Redmond Payne,
Mrs. Edward T. Houghton. Mies Jennie Mc-
Millan. Miss Emma McMillan. Miss Caroline
Huffman, Mies Ida Voorman. Miss LUlle Feld
man, Miss Alice Johnson. Miss Ulna Miller,
Miss DolUe Fritz, Miss Agnes Sadler, Miss
Edith Mau, Miss Pearl Sabin. Miss Mabel
Luce. Miss Alice Treanor, Miss Carmellta
Brlttaln and Miss Grace Bailey.
The gentlemen invited for the even
ing were:
• • •
Mrs Leonard Abbott. Mre. W. B. Collier,
Mrs. Sper.cer Buckbee, Mrs. William Hinckley
Taylor. Mre. William Thomas. Mrs. Henry
Glass. Mrs. John Boyd. Mrs. Henry B. Bothln.
Mrs. Hall McAllleter. - Mrs. William Tevls,
Mre. Mountford Wllscn Mrs. George Plnck
ard. Mrs. E. 8. Breyfogle. Mrs. L. L. Baker,
Mre. Currey. MrB. Walter Dean. Miss Gwin.
Mrs. Albert Dlbblee. Mrs. ! George Boardman,
Mrs. E. B. Cutter. Mrs. Jamea Carolan. Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury. Mrs. Mlddleton. Mre. Ed
ward Dlmond. Mrs. Bowle-Detrlck. Mrs. Wll-
Ham H. . Irwln. Mrs. Norman McLaren. Mrs.
Hyde-Smith. Mrs Garceau. Mrs. Russell Wil
son. Mrs. Charles Bancroft, Mrs. Philip Klny
Brown. Mrs. George Moore. Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker. Mrs. Grant Selfridge. Mrs. Pelham
Ames. Mrs. Camlllo Martin. Mrs. McLennan.
Mrs. E. P. Farnsworth. Mrs. Ryland Wallace
and Mrs. Thurlow McMullln.
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen was hostess
at a delightful card party at her home
on Pacific avenue yesterday afternoon.
The guests, who numbered forty, spent
a pleasant afternoon playing for the
handsome prizes. Six-handed euchre
was the game. The rooms were pret
tily decorated with red berries and
grape leaves in the prettiest autumn
colorings.
The hostess was assisted In keeping
the scores by the following: Mrs. E.
G. Schmledell, Miss Christine Pomeroy,
Miss Sara Collier, Miss Grace Martin,
Miss Lucy Coleman and Miss Sophie
Coleman. Among those present were:
PARK AFFAIRS
ARE DISCUSSED
EDUCATORS JOIN
STATE PROMOTERS
THEATER PEOPLE
ASSIST CHARITY
SOCIETY NOT
DAUNTED BY
BAD WEATHER
NEW CHAPLAIN
FOR BOB EVANS
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
9
WATCH FOE THE
BEAUTIFUL PICTTJBES
IN THE BIO
THANKSGIVING
EDITION,
NEXT SUNDAY OALL
AMUSEMENTS.
TIYrVM row**
I I V ULI HOUSE-.
Positively th* X-urt of th* Performance at
th* Old TiTOlL
•— — TO-HGHT— —
Last Performance of Bellini's Romaatio Opera,
"I'PURITANI"
To-Day** Matinee and Bandar HlsM.
X-xmoe.TaJlo'e Greatest Work.
"ZAZA"
Monday evening, November as-
Grand farewell performance for the
benefit of the Verdi Monument Fond.
Selections from operas of different
composers. All the artists will ap-
pear. Seats now on sale.
Prices a* usual. 25c, 60c. 75a.
Telechone Bash 9.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SATURDAY). Nov. 21.
Parquet, Any Seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c Chil-
dren, Any Part Except Reserved. 10c.
EPICUREAN VAUDEVILLE.
Wright Huntington and Company;
Three Zolara; Serra and Bellarosa
and the Brittons. Last times of;
Bellman and Moore; Warren, and
Bl anchor d; Jack Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters and the "Village
Choir" Quartet.
L.CALIFORNIA..
— -MATI1TEE TO-DAT
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT,
ROSE MELVILLE,
"' The Original
Sis Hopkins
To-morrow — "AT THB OLD CROSS
ROADS." With Kstha Williams, Jane Cor-
coran, James Brophy, Julia Blanc and
others. Delightful Play. Great Cast,
First Tltna Here. ¦
OQLUMjBiJl ulouowBi
MATINBB TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WUXK.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVINO DAT.
Charles Frohman Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. W. Pinero's Masterotec*.
"1"RTQ"
The Most Talked Of Play of th» Past Decade.
Reserved Seats, $3. $1 CO, $1, 76e, SOc.
Nov. SO— "WAY DOWN EAST."
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST 7 NIGHTS— LAST 4 MATIITEES.
To-nleht and All Next Week.
Evrs. at 8, Mat. Wed. and Sat. at 2.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of Gen. Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by WHllam Young.
Music by Edgar Stlllman Kelley.
Poettirely Last Performance of "B«a Hur"
Saturday Night. November 28.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
You'll ~ Mark
Miss It! ii This!
If you fall to ih
| RUBES AND ROSES |
A really - charming-, funny burlesque.
MONDAY. NoTsmber 80, .
{" f O Ml 99 jj
aooaasa i i i , i ==3=B=seo=i=n=Bes=J
Strictly local and great.
BEATS NOW OK BALE.
MATTNgE ON THAXKSaTVTNQ.
Racing l3^L^ Racing I
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
. Commencing; NoTember 14.
Racing- Each W*ek Day, Rain or ShJaa,
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commenc* at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
< For special trains stopping at the track takt
S P. Ferry. - foot . of Market street, at 13.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking tn
last two : ears, which ' ar* reserved for ladUa
and their escorts.
Returning, trains leave track at 4-.13 aad
4:45 and Immediately. after the last race
« -« THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President,
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. .
The Weekly Call
f* 451 pep Year.
THB MODERN SPECIFIC THAT M00U0E* '£ 3S &3S.
HP*' STRENGTH! fef
' (x3l£ Brery man and woman wantg to '
Tfcl* '^ei possets these and thero la Jf* 'x^
C3 *w - remaon ubv tbcv should not. f -
The great nerve tonic and blood rsmedr. produce Iff B flr^ 6 (¦"" m W a tf^
plumpnen. round out hollownaia, bring: tbe bloom of H fi» |_JI g ¦_. 9
youth to tbe chseki. end til who uka tbem enjoy 1 fij_ H | P g
contain all tho elamenu of life. Positively .
CVRB KIDNEY AND BtADDBR TROUBLES. Rheumatism, All Dlteate* OttUo Blood.
Bdckacme. and Nervoua Dyspepsia, Clear tie Complexion and Atd Dlgettlon.
Give you a good appetite, renew life cells In youotf and old. Permanently restore youthful
vigor and vitality. They tone up the whole system and make yon feel like a new person.
No remedy in the world to equal them. Take s few Nervan Tablets and note tbe wonder-
fU - efte ALCOHOL IN ALL LIQUID KIONEY ANO RHEUMATIC REMEDIES CONDEMNS THEM
An ignorantly compounded remedy, containing alcohol, r» nearly all liquid kidney remedies
do, will stimulate them so violently that an inflammation will be «e.t up. and Instead _ol at™*
raer«v lazy, the kidneys will become diseased. Alcohol congests the kidneys witn blood and
rC ""There it no alcohol In Nervan Tablets to Interfere with the removal of sU hanniul sedi;
ment from the body. The Tablets eoothe and heal the kidneys when they are irritated and
inflamed. ,Ttfey cure the kidney diseases that make >on dizzy, restless, sleepless sad Irrita. ble:
that make you pass water often during the day and night; that cause rneumatisni, catarrh of
the bladder, pain in the back, joints and muscles; that make your head ache and cause mat-
gestion, stomach and liver trouble and a sallow, yellow complexion.
Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago, III. Dear Sirs:— I desire to inform you that I bay* taksn
Nervan Tablets for Rheumatism and Kidney trouble and think they sre wonderful. Don't,
believe they can be equalled for the cure of diseases they s.re intended to cure. _
< '. My wife was troubled with Rheumatism, was in bed several days. I had her take pur
remedy and in three days she was up and doingher work and is now entirely well. We ootn
wish you. uccess. Verytruly. A.t.WMis™.^ CWcaj0>TIK
No matter how many other remedies you may have tried and found useless, remember the
great modern remedy. Nervan Tablets, the peer of all remedies. >.
' FDPE 1 A Liberal Trial Package (Enoug ft to Do Yon €ood) Will Be Sent to
pKLt -< nyone Upon Receipt ot 1 0c to Corer Mall Expentet.
Every %\ box sold with guarantee to refund your money should they fall to do all we claim
for them. Sold and recommended by * . . . . ....
UNION DBUO COMPANY'S STOKES J .
214 Kearny Street. - . , Stockton and OTarrell Streets. -
Market Streert and Van Ness Avenue. Sixth Street, corner Mission. '
" 318 Montgomery Avenue! -. - • 400 Sutter Street.
Valencia i Street, cor. Twenty-Third. - - California and ¦ PiUmore Streets.
POSTUM CEBEAI..
HOME TESTING
A Sure end Easy Test on Coffee*
To decide the all Important question
of coffee, -r nether or not It Is really, the
hidden cause of. your physical alls and
approaching fixed disease, one should
make a test of ten days by leaving off
coffee entirely and using well made
Postum Coffee.
If relief follows you may know to a
certainty that coffee has been your
vicious and killing enemy. Of course,
you can take it back to your heart
again If you like to keep sick.
A lady Bsye: "I had suffered with
stomach trouble, nervousness and terri-
ble sick headaches ever since I was a
little child, for my people were always
great coffee drinkers and let us chil-
dren have all we wanted. I got so I
thought I could not live without cof-
fee and I would not acknowledge that
it was causing my Buffering.
"Then I read so many articles about
Postum that I decided to- give It a fair
tri&L I had not used it two weeks In
place of coffee until I began to feel like
a different person. The headaches and
nervousness disappeared and wljere I
used to be Kick two or three days out
of a week while drinking coffee I am
now well and strong: and sturdy seven
days a week, thanks to Postum.
"I had been, using Postum three
months and had never been sick a day
when I thought I would experiment
and see if It really was coffee that
caused the trouble, so I began to drink
coffee again and inside of a week I
had an awful sick spell. I was so ill
I was soon convinced that coffee was
the cause of all my misery and I went
back to Postum again In a. hurry, with
the result that I was soon again well
' and strong and determined to use Pos-
tum th« rest of niy days and to leave
coffee alone in the future." 1 Name given
by Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look In each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
WellvlUe." . \
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
. . HATS OFF.
Facts About the American Indian's
Healthy Hair.
The American Indian, accustomed
from time Immemorial to go bareheaded
In all kinds of weather. Is never troubled
with falling hair or baldness.
The close atmosphere caused by our
"civilized" headgear is conducive to the
breeding of Infinitesimal germs which
dig into the scalp and thrive on the sap
of the hair root.
This true cause of baldness is of recent dis-
covery and explains the non-success of all hair
vigors which treated baldness as a functional
disorder.
Newbro's Herpicide is a direct exterminator
of the reran "It destroys the cause and per-
mit* the hair to grow as nature Intended.
Sold by leading; druggists. Send loo In
(stamps for sample to The Herplclde Co., De-
trolt. Mich.
GENERAL CHARLES KING
HIS LATEST SUCCESS
An Apache Princess
NOW READY
au loerauiu os
• THE HOBART CO., NEW YORK CITY
¦a /,-, \Rw U r I B- H H 9 B
'UgwA H -\M El Id Pi B B V
mmmmmm
i AMTTSTTIffENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
96-DOG
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
November 21 and 22.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11:30 o'clock sharp. .Sunday coursing; will be-
gin at 10:30 sharp and continue till last wtn«
nin*fla* K oesup.
TOTAL PRIZES-^ $860
•
{ ' ¦ - -
All Mission-street can transfer to Guerrero
care, which go direct to tbe park.
* THOMA8 TIERNKY. Judjre.
EDWARD BHORTSTAO. Slipper.
ALCAZAR "pSS*
_____ Cfceral Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAT AND SUXDAT.
The Club's s%js
Immeati
• •••DdUy....
Evgs.. 23c to T5e: Mats. Sat. A San. 13c to 80ft.
Next Monday— First Stock Production of So]
Smith Russell's Great Success.
"A POOR RELATION."
Quaint Bnmor — Exquisite Pathos. I
Tbe Songs and the Children.
A Delightfully Human Play.
EXTRA MATINEE THANgSQTVINO.
CENTRAL^?
Market st.. Near Eighth. Phono South 533,
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO DATS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW. |
Tbe Gorgeous Dramatic Spectacle.
UNDERTHE POLAR STAR
Introducing Esquimaux and Esquimau Dos;
Train or KoltchofTs Arctic and Alaskan Ex-
hiblt. en route to St. Louis World's Fair. -
GREATEST ATTRACTION OF THB WEEK,
nntprc. Evtnlngs 10c to 00a
IIuLlj. Matinees 10c. Ue, 234
Monday. Jfor. 23 — "Midnight tn Chinatown."
nra&xsxDS AUToasoun-E baces
¦ SHOWN IN" MOVINO PICTURES
AND A OREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENINO IN THB THEATER. *
6EH THE COLORED BABT IN THB
\ INCUBATOR.
HAMADBYAS XV TBS ZOOt
LOTS OP FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
AMATEUR NIGHT NEXT WEDNESDAY.
¦> Admission. 10c; Children. Bo.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS,
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE,
JUDGE SEPTIMUS J. HANNA, C. S. D.. of
Colorado Springs, Colo.,
j A member oC the. Christian Science Board et
Lectureship ot the First Church ot Christ.
Scientist, in Boston, Mass.,
Will Give a LECTURE on '
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE In th* AUIAMBRA
THEATER MONDAY EVENINO. NO-
VEMBER 23. at 8 o'clock.
The lecture Is (rea and all ar* cordially in.
?lted.
Paiarp DON'T FAIL TO
raiaWW , ce the beautiful
4 COURT Lounging
/•fl-i room, the EMPIRE
G« U PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lira no louisxvpar-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
D . i DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 Sq° m -
-*fg?».OEWEY.STRONS &C0.^5^ '
(* J
MARKET Sr.S/.^SSr
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must to
.Fac-simile Signature of /g^ggZ^ \
V3Q@Sw^9f# ¥*ssP Jf_% Er*^?^ "ttr* cy^^w ?^'¦¦"¦fisV m^^^fr
SICK HEADACHE. fe|| i \ff E? EJ
TORPID LIVER. p^f ¦ w *¦ 8\
mM \M FURRED TONGUE. P|| _ g fl n £t>
l&fJM SS INDIGESTION. Eggj O| |! | E3
*&l I -J CONSTIPATION JBlll ¦ _^_SeS
SALLOW SKIN. ¦™™ SM^ H " fflllflBIH " BB^ HB
3 m4 U pin.
twtouch«. LIVER iKss •
Genuine Wrapper Printed on i ytf \t —*
BED .^«_^««2S_,/e%8-^^^_f¦ A rolling stone may knock the pins from
under any man. ...
The Supervisors' health committee
yesterday decided that there was no
justice in the complaint of W. E. Dubois
of the Market Street and Eureka Val
ley Improvement Club that Gray
Brothers . had . not . lived up to . their
promise to place smoke consumers on
their brickyard plant on States street.
). Gray Brothers presented a petition,
signed by some of the -original com
plainants,-to, the effect that' a marked
improvement had .been made in the al
leged nuisance caused by the smoke.:
No Justice in the Complaint.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold its
annual masquerade ball to-night at
Saratoga Hall. Geary street. Prizes are
offered for the best costumes. The
committee of arrangements consists of
E. L. Smith. G. W. Ross, J. von Sta
den, G. Goodwin, H. Meyers, J. Lewis,
J. A. Geddes, N. A. Denvlr and T. Dun
ning; floor manager, J. A. Geddes;
floor committee. C. Davis, J. von Sta
den, N. A. Denvlr, G. Goodwin, L.
Meyers and H. Lester; reception com
mittee, E. J. Lynch, *T. F. Doran, I E.
Murphy, J. I Hardy, A. Keegan, W. T.
Howe, E. Hannan, J. Riley, M. Berwln,
W. Hund, D. O'Connell, J. O'Connell
and $ J. Wilson. The profits resulting
from, the dance will be added to the
boathouse building fund. '
At • the next regular meeting of the
members of the Ariel Rowing. Club, to
be held on Monday night, December 7,
the election of officers to serve . during
the coming year will take place. The
following nominations have been made:
For president, J. A. Geddes and N. A.
Denvir; financial secretary, Eugene
Flanders; recording secretary, Thomas
Doran; treasurer, Judson. Hardy; cap
tain, William McKee; lieutenant cap
tain, Ed Murphy; directors, William
Howe, Ed Smith, George Ross, Joseph
Lewis ¦ and Charles Wilson; delegate
to the Pacific" Association of the Ama
teur Athletic Union, E. J. Lynch.
The Alameda Boating Club will hold
an amateur boxing tournament in Ala
meda on Wednesday night, December
2. Though 'he Board of Trustees of
Alameda has always shown a disin
clination to permit boxing bouts in
that city, it has granted a free license
to the Alameda Boating Club for the
tournament, which is exciting much in
terest among the inhabitants of the
island. The board recognizes that the
Alameda Boating Club is an excellent
institution that does much good and
deserves encouragement.
E. B. Thorning of the Alameda Boat
ing Club is ready to pull a race against
any amateur oarsman on the bay in
the outrigged skiff, and would specially
like to meet F. J. Sherry of the Dol
phin Club.
Thorning and Sherry have met in
several races in the outrigged skiff,
but the outcome of the contest has
never been satisfactory either to the
scullers themselves or to the specta
tors.
E. B. Thorning of Alameda
Club Wants a Race Wkh
F. J. Sherry of Dolphins
SKIFFMAN
EAGER FOR
A CONTEST
English ' Champion. Boxer Dies.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— Ted Pritchard,
at one time middle-weight boxing
champion of the world, died to-day of
pneumonia.
Hughie, Rector, Jerry Wright, Dorothy
M., Reta S., Colored Lady, Wedgewood,
Oiir Motto, Maid of the Glen, Rock and
Rye, Mount. Rose, Viking, Fenii, North
ern Lad, Roxana,* Pasha Pleasant,
Lady Menlo, Cloverdale, Haddlngton,
Homer Boy, Commercial Traveler, Cu
banola. • • .
Chinese ginger and other Oriental
luxuries in jars in the cargo of the
steamship Korea were ordered to the
appraiser's stores last Wednesday to
be searched for smuggled opium. A
thorough search was made, but no opi
um was found. .
False Smuggling Alarm.
Jeang Poo was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective McMahon and
Corporal Sylvester on r warrant charg
ing him with grand larceny. He is ac
cused by Chang Way, his roommate
at 1014 Stockton street, with stealing
163.50 from him. When Jeang Poo was
searched a loaded revolver was found
in his pocket and an additional charge
of carry a concealed weapon was book
ed against him. Both Chinese, the
police' say, nre highbinders.
Highbinder Hobs Another.
The fans will enjoy a long rest dur
ing the winter. This year we will have
no Eastern stars breaking in on our
solitude. This will be a good thing, for
the game and the players in general,
for the public sees baseball \ enough
during the progress of the league sea
son and an exhibition series, prolonged,
is likely to hurt the game in time.
8am Mertes, the noted center fielder
of the New York National League
team, Is one of the few players in the
game to-day who does not believe in
practicing. Mertes says that practice
never improves his form in the least
and: if anything it hurts both his bat
ting and fielding. Mertes Is certainly a
wonderful fielder and a headliner with
the bat, and therefore his opinion Is
worth something.
"All I want is Just enough practice to
get used to the sky and Judge the dis
tance of the field," says "Sandow."
"Whenever I start in to work hard be
fore a game I always fall down at a
critical moment. I never feel like tak
ing hold of a bat until, It is my turn
to step up to the plate, and I think the
man who tires, himself out running
after stray balls for hours every day
never appears at his best, when he is
in the game. Of course, I do not, want
to say that practice. is of no value, for
all players need a certain amount of It,
but too much hurts many players."
The strong bid for honors made by
the Portland team a few weeks ago did
not last quite long enough, so the
northern aggregation will not finish
with the first division as was expected.
At any rate, the men under the con
trol of Fred Ely have made good with
the fans of Portland by their good
sprint and perhaps if the team was
hooked up with any other aggregation
save the Angels for two weeks straight
there might have been a slight change.
Los Angeles will finish the season
with the largest per cent of victories
made by any club on this coast for
many years. Last season Oakland had
barely .600 per cent and yet the team
was considered invincible. Of course,
the Angels had everything coming'right
for them during the season and did not
run up .against adverse fortunes as
Oakland did last season. However, the
Angels played good ball throughout
and are deserving of anything they
have won.
From the baseball outlook at the
present time it would appear that San
Francisco might run about third in the
pennant race. About three weeks ago
almost any fan along the line was will
ing to bet a piece of gold against a
Frankfauter sandwich that the natives
would come in next to Portland and
Sacramento. Since that time things
have broken a trifle better for Uncle
Hank.
-An unusual number of "cans" were
seen in the upper bay, near Black
Point, last Tuesday.
E. K. Taylor, George Emmons and
others- are having difficulty with j the
owner of the Alameda "marsh -preserve
they secured for this season. 'The
thrifty; owner ; of the . land Is said to
have leased it to two different clubs. ._.
Reports from the Klamath Lake
country are to ' the effect that ducks
were ; never seen there In such num
bers as are there now. When the lake
freezes over next month these birds will
come south to delight the sportsmen
here. . ?••;•
Otto Feudner, Bruce. Bonny and
George. Storey killed 134 ducks on the
Stewart *pond last Sunday.
Some members of the Field and Tule
Club visited the preserve on Wednes
day. They did not expect good shoot
ing, but J. C. Coleman secured forty
two, A. Dalton Harrison twenty-eight
and Colonel McMahon twenty-three.
Billy Murdock and E. Klevesahl en-
Joyed a good shoot on their preserve
near Tubbs Island some days since. ,
Jim MaynanJ, Ed Schultz and Pete
McCrea found the shooting poor on the
Alameda marsh last Sunday. >
James P. Sweeney was down on
Wednesday and had a good shoot. The
ducks were plentiful, but with only one
roan shooting there was nothing to
keep them in motion, or the returns
would have been larger.
The party which will go down to the
preserve to-day will Include F. S. Ju
dah, J. B. Hauer, Dr. George. G. Gere.
C. A. Bennett, J. Peltier^ L. H. Allen,
F. Blair Turpin and others. The "cans"
and bluebllls have appeared on the pre
serve and excellent sport is expected
from now on. The members are com
menting on the fact that during the
present season every variety of ducic
known on the Pacific Coast i has been
killed pn the preserve. These Include
such rare varieties as the gadwell, cm
rlamon teal and wood duck.
The extensive Improvements to the
grounds since last year in the matter
of fresh water ponds are providing an
attraction for the ducks.
The members of the Empire Gun Club
were among those agreeably surprised.
They thought conditions were against
good shooting on their Monterey pre
serve last Sunday, but 180 ducks fell to
eight guns. The shooting party was
made up of Con Roman, Dr. George G.
Gere, C. A. Bennett, Bert Patrick, Dr.
A. J. Sylvester, F. B. Surryhne, George
Batchelder and Frank Houpt. The bag
was made up principally of sprig and
widgeon. • f ¦ ;
The vagaries of ducks are beyond the
understanding of the best Informed
sportsmen. During the unsettled weath
er of the past ten days the members of
a number of clubs owning preserves
have been surprised to find conditions
on the marshes the opposite to what
they expected. When they left town
counting on a good shoot the birds
had vanished, and when they expected
no shooting the sport was at its best.
Vice Commodore Charles P. Doe
made a trip in the early part of last
week in his schooner Challenge to the
southern waters of the bay, near Bel
mont. A good sailing breeze was en-
Joyed and plenty of rail and curlew
we're bagged. Except for occasional
hunting trips the members of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club are enjoying a quiet
time.
Last Sunday some of the yacht own
ers of the California Club who have not
yet stripped their craft for the winter
were engaged at the anchorage on Oak
land Creek in drying sails. Port Cap
tain Julian Altendorf found that the
southeasterly storm had created some
work for him to do, and he was busy
most of the day.
The well-known sloop Pactolus,
which is one of the most thoroughly
equipped yachts on the bay, has been
sold by her former owner, Allen M.
Clay, to S. B. Conner of Alameda. She.
•will remain on the roll of the Califor
nia Yacht Club. Ex-Commodore Allen
M. Clay has been seriously -ill, but Is
recovering and expects to be out again
early next month. For the present he
has no intention of getting another
yacht, but he will probably not ' long
remain absent from his favorite recre
ation. The new owner of the sloop Pac
tolus was out for a sail on the bay
last Sunday, there being a light breeze
and favorable tide.
Vice Commodore A. C. Lee of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, owner of the
sloop Surprise, has bought the large
sloop Ariel in ' conjunction with Al
phonse Hirsch. Mr. Lee will be a can
didate for election as commodore next
year. He will retain possession of the
sloop Surprise.
Peer Tiffany, keeper of - the grey
hound studbook, announces that vol
ume 9 will go to press on January
6. All registrations and changes of
ownership should be attended to before
January 1.
The coursing at Ingleslde Park will
commence to-day at 11:30. The run
ning will be resumed to-morrow at 10:30.
The draw for the Thanksgiving Day
stake will be held on Tuesday. The
draw for the regular weekly stake will
be held Friday night. The likely win
ners to-day look to be: Beacon, Gold
Lily, Golden Rule, Idleness. Rich Ar
cosy, Yankee Boy, Belfast, Free Born,
Pure Pearl, Don Pedro, Slievenaman,
Braw'6 Hill, Roy Hughie, Little Lucy,
Lord Granard, Full Moon, Special, Lily
Wright, Half Moon, Sofala, Irvington
Tralee, Flora Belle, Money Musk, Mar
guerite, Intruder, McHenry, Bonnie
W. Creamer has purchased Helen
Hayes, a fast greyhound by Gold Hill-
Granvale.
P. J. McCarthy haa bought Sisklyou
from P. Mullarky. HL Dillon has re
purchased Fancy Free, by Fetter Free
rDawn. E. Leas well has Glancing Pas
ka again In his kennel.
Dupont P. Lyon. a brother of Cecil
Lyon of Texas, will Bend a string of
greyhounds in his own name to com
pete here this winter. It will be made
<up entirely of Eastern dogs. Cecil
Lyon Is Bending a string of his own
breeding.
Mr. Jackson took his string from this
'city to Oklahoma to the Waterloo and
was surprised at the . improvement in
the stock in the past two years. He
6aw twenty-five greyhounds which he
believes could hold their own'in any
company. California has long been the
home of the greyhound in America, but
in the future the breeders here must
look to their laurels, as Eastern men
are drawing on the English kennel for
greyhound blood.
Elaborate preparations are being
made for the running of the John Grace
cup at Union Park on De
cember 5 and 6. The park will be closed
.until that time, which will give the
crack greyhounds a chance to recup
erate after their hard running recently.
•Speed will be the factor In coursing
from now on as, with the coming of
green feed, the hares will not stand up
aa they have been doing for several
months. An unusual number of East
ern dogs will start In the Interstate
Club's big event.
Blake and Smith of Butte, Mont.,
will send Confidence. Northern Express
and Parton Imported expressly for the
"John Grace cup. Parton is by Mellor
Moor-Thoughtless Beauty and repre-
Iresents the best blood in England. He
Is said to be as fast as anything here.
The sportsmen of the Middle West
who are interested in the sport of the
leash are rapidly raising the standard
•of their greyhounds until they begin to
class wjth those raised on this Coast.
This is the opinion of Frank Jackson,
trainer for G. Lacy Crawford of St.
Louis.
Eastern Breeders Are Im
proving Their Kennels in
a Most Marked Manner
Not Finish Near Leaders
Portland Fails to Sustain
Winning Streak and Will
Sloop Pactolus Changes
Owners, but Will Remain
on California Club Roll
When Shooting Conditions
Are Considered Poor the
Birds Prove Very Plentiful
DUCKS FOOL
SPORTSMEN
ON MARSHES
HOME TEAM
LIKELY TO
LAND THIRD
YACHTSMEN
ENJOY DAYS
OF RESTING
GREYHOUND
STANDARD
IS RAISING
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF EMPIRE GUN CLUB ENJOYING THEMSELVES AFLOAT AND AFIELD ON THEIR EXTENSIVE MONTEREY COUNTY PRESERVE
Andrew C. 'Douglass, a mechanic of
San Francisco,^ filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United • States
District Court. : Liabilities, • $1480 ; as
sets, $300. - .--¦- ¦ . .... .. . .
Insolvent Mechanic.
.The Grand Jury met yesterday and
began the preparation of the reports
of Its investigation. The various com
mittees will complete their reports at
next Friday's meeting, when they will
be made public
Grand Jury Meets.
Thomas Enrlght pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbery in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and was ordered to ap
pear for sentence this morning. His
accomplice in the crime, George Hyde.
was tried and convicted and sentenced
on September 4 to serve fifteen years
in San Quentin prison.
The crime committed by Hyde and
Enright was the holding up and rob
bing of Daniel J. Sheehan, a machinist,
of $80, on' Minna street near Fifth on
the morning of June 9. Sheehan's
cries for help were heard by Policeman
Krueger, who saw the two footpads
running away. He started in pursuit
and fired three shots to make them
stop. They were arrested on Howard
street near Fifth, a stableman assisting
the officer. They both showed fight,
but were quickly subdued. When
searched the . stolen money was 'found
upon them. They had divided it be
fore running away.
His Accomplice Is Now Serving a
Fifteen-Year Term in San
Quentin.
ENSIGHT PLEADS QTJTLTY
TO CHARGE OF BOBBERY
In the second class George Janes and
Harry Rolfe look to have the best
chance. The Hotchkiss brothers have
not played much of late and probably
will not get far along.
. In the mixed doubles tournament all
the best" women players from both
sides of the bay will participate. The
similar events held on the public courts
proved successful.
The California Club's handicap sin
gles will be one of the biggest events
of the year on the courts. It Is for
club members only and all the best
players In the club will enter. There
will be four prizes, one for each play
er reaching the semi-finals. S Entries
will close on the 25th inst. The follow
ing have entered up to the present
time:
• J. D. MacGavln, F. S. Mitchell. Will
Allen, Dr. Lovegrove. A. Ames. Sidney
Smith, A. E. Beyfuss, Dr. Hill, Dr.
Noble. R. B. Daggett, W. S. Dole, Her
bert Long, W. Spring, E. P. Robblns.
Bradley Wallace, R, B. Cornell, Ray
Splivalo, Homer Parker, C. G. Kuehn.
A. W. Worthington, W. F. Bull, Harry
Rolfe and Herbert Schmidt
It is extremely doubtful If. Grant
Smith, the State champion, will be able
to- play any more tournaments. Smith
has been confined to his bed all week
and his attributes his condi
tion to unusual exertions on the tennis
courts. His heart is all right at pres
ent, but another year of tournament
play would be almost sure to make
him follow, in the footsteps of George
Whitney and Louis Freeman. Smith
will play in no more .tournaments.
The next two weeks will be busy
ones on the tennis courts. Four tour
naments are scheduled, one for to-mor
row, two for Thanksgiving day and
one for the following Sunday.
To-morrow's event wlU be held on
the Golden Gate Park courts and will
be a class singles for first and fourth
class men. The Thanksgiving day tour
ney on the public courts will be an
open mixed doubles event. On the Cal
ifornia club courts there will be a han
dicap singles tournament next Thurs
day. On the park courts a week from
Sunday there will be a class singles
for second and third class players.
The first class at the park has a larg
er entry list than usual, several of the
second class men having been promot
ed. J. D. MacGavln and R. N. "Whit
ney are entered, but it is doubtful If
they will play. Will Allen and George
Baker are the strongest players out
side of these two and first class honors
should fall to one of them. In the ab
sence of Allen the last tournament was
won easily by Baker. Clarence Grif
fin did not make much of a showing
before, but may prove a surprise to
morrow.
On the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club on Thanksgiving day there will
be a handicap over nine holes for la
dles and a handicap over eighteen holes
for men. R. J. Davis of the San Ra
fael Golf Club paid a visit recently to
the San Francisco links and, In com
pany with A. S. Lilley. went round la
46. 44. total 90.
for each round of the match play
Beginning at 2 o'clock this afternoon
there will be the mixed foursomes over
eighteen holes, medal play, with handi
cap, on the course of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club. The competition will
be concluded next Saturday afternoon,
beginning at the same hour.
A lively season Is expected by the
members of the San Francisco Golf
Club. It Is probable that nearly a doz
en players will take part in the com
petitions arranged by the tournament
committee for the members of the la
dies' annex, while a score or two of
men are available for the various tour
naments in which they are interested.
On Thanksgiving day on the course
of the San Francisco Golf Club there
will be a handicap, medal play. The
scores for the first eighteen holes will
be reckoned as the qualifying rounds
of the competition for the Council's
cup for men. There will be first and
second prizes In the handicap. Com
petitors must tee oft at 9:30 or at 10:30
a. m. The players who make the low
est eight scores will take part In the
opening match round of the Council's
cup contest. One week will be allowed
Several Tournaments Are
to Be Played on Course
of San Francisco Club
Park and Club Courts Will
Be the Scenes of Marked
Activity for Two Weeks
TENNIS MEN
PLAN FOUR
TOURNEYS
GOLF LINKS
WILL DRAW
DEVOTEES
MYRIADS OF DUCKS AFFORD SPORTSMEN FINE SHOOTING
THE 5AK jFBAE CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 2»u3.
10THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Second Rac©— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
5331 Avenger (J. F.-Schorr Jr.) 103
First Race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; sailing:
5322 'Redwald (W. P. Magrane) ." 05
6338 'Grand Sachem (J. J. Moran) 05
4754 Bedner (J. A. Cruia) 100
5322 •Billy Moore (C. T. Rector) .,.. OS
5318 Marello (J. Qulnlan) '. 103
5200 Max Bendix (B. Schreiber) 1O«
'4758 'Matin Bell (A. Joseph).. «5
6101 *Burdoc (T. J. Park) .101
5338 Greenock (J. Woods & Co.) 103
son.
. Gibraltar ran away while being
warmed up and was scratched by order
of the Judges.
Bob Fleming, who is connected with
Bill Jackman in the booking business,
returned from New York on Thursday,
after a very successful season on the
metropolitan tracks.
, Harry Birkenruth is here and will
probably be. seen in the saddle to-day.
Jack Martin appears to be slow get
ting away from the barrier.
Targette will win a race before many
moons pass, and there will be price
enough. She Is a fine looking filly and
fast E
ENTBIES FOR TO-DAY.
Ing price of $400 by J. F. Newman, own
er of Bay "Wonder. It was at first sup
posed the bidder was one of the Ring
ling Bros. Moshier & Co. retained the
acrobat with the customary $5 bid.
Sam Wolfson and three or four more
new booking firms will hang out their
slates this afternoon.
The first 2-year-old race of 1904 will
be run at Oakland on January 4.
The California Jockey Club has fixed
the following dates for the season now
in progress:
Ingleslde — December 14 to January 2.
Oakland— January 4 to January 30.
Ingleside— February 1 to February 27.
Oakland— February 29 to end of sea-
•Apprentice allowance. .
PEOBABLE WUIAISSS.
First race — Burdock. Bedner, BUIy
Moore.
. Second race— Don Domo, Avenjrar,
Bear Catcher.
Third race— Bard Boni, Canejo, Oa
1 an thus.
ronrth race — ZTlffrette, Horatlus,
Eonlc.
Tlith, race— Matt Hosran. Tower of
Candles, Fort Wayne.
Sixth race— Miracle Z2. Colonel Tan,
Sodle S.
6307 Don Domo (J. F. Newman) 112
£325 Ahydos (P. Ryan) 102
4374 Bear Catcher (T. G. Ferguson) 103
R.J37 Sol Smith (M. A. Cooper) 10.H
Wlnefreda (J. Post) 102
Third Race — Seven furlonffs: four- year-olds
and up; selling:
532S Ernt (J. Curl) 103
James J. Ccrbett (M. A. Cooper) 10-'J
5334 Canejo (S. JMdg") 100
510S *Mountebank\ (Keating & Co.) 05
5313 »Quiet (H. E. Rowoll) 05
f-33:: Harry Thatcher <Mrs. Hastings) 100
5322 Sugden (W. H. McNames).... 10O
5330 •Flourish (F. Polk) ICO
6334 •Galanthus (Mrs. J. Coffey) 98
5308 Bard Burns (D. 8. Fountain) 103
Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth miles:
three-year-olds and up: handlcao:
5309 Eonlc (C. Toung) 107
,'.•29 Bragg (J. Curl) loi
5309 Horatlus (J. J. MeAUster) 10«
631« Ysllow Tall (J. Hackett) 10S
6309 Nigrette (W. B. Jennings tt Co.) Ott
Fifth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds an.J
up. selling: I
5315 'Lord Melbourne (Bend'r & Co.) 100
5226 Tower of Candles (C. Toung) 100
5300 *The Fretter (F. J. O^Rourke) 101
"kiCfi Captivate (P. HUJreth) Iftl
«5340 'MUdrpd Schulta <H. J. Wilson) 101
5310 »Fort Wayne (T. Ross) a:
5310 Martinmas (C. Henshall) 1W
5335 »Oro Viva (Ward & King) «•»
4802 Halnault (Thomas A Reavy) ,...1C«
4.V>5 Sir Preston (S. MrNaughton) 90
5332 Matt Hogan <W. P. Magrane) lOCt
Silurian (3. Martin) 98
Sixth Race — Mile, four-year-olds and up:
selling:
5333 Miracle II (J. Curl> 00
R328 *Dodle 8 ($. G. Morton) • 10O
5328 »Rio Shannon (Mrs. J. Coffey) 97
62S2 Col. Van (Cy Mulkey) 10»
5317 'Diderot (J. P. Atkins) 10<>
5311 Constable (Stockton Stable) 09
OAKIAHD BACETBACK — FRIDAY, Nov. 20. — Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
6330. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-dids and up; value to Cr«t. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. ¦ *i • H^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. CU
6049 Florinel II, 6 (H. W. Hoa^).. 07 7 ... 4 Vt 3 1&5 112 HUdebrnd . « 4
6318 Pickaway, 3 (A. J. Jackson).. 02 3 ... 1 1H1 4 1 1*42 2*4 Reed 5-2 7-2
5308 Arthur Ray, 4 (Clayton Co.). 110 11 > 7 B 4 n *1 3 IVi J. Martin.. ft 4
5324 Egg Nogg, 3 <S. G. Morton).. 101 12 ... 112 04 62 4 5 Foley ..... 4 •¦ T.
6303 Roltalre. a (Kirk & Co.) 102 8 ... 3 1 « 4 :i 1 5n J. Lewis... 20 3O
4456 Handpress, a (Magrane) ..100 9' 6 l»iT 2 8 4 « 2^ W. Colemn 8 13
6312 Batldor. 3 (W. P. Fine) 09 -0 ;.. 0 1 5 h 10 2 7 2 Chandler .. 10 18
6313 Educate, 5 (C. W. Chappell) . . 102 2 .. . 2 1^2 ?i 2 ij 8 2 J; T. Shehn 1O> 12
47U5 Little Sister, a (Graffort Co.). 07 6 ... 6-H 8 2 7 *» '•> 2 w. Daly... 20 «O
(4767) Pure Dale, 3 (Thomas & R.). 106 4 ... 10 2 11 2 0 VjlO 2tj Donovan ..10 10
,I6B4 Mike Murphy,. 4 (J. Nell)..... 102 .1 ...12' 12 114 W. Dugan. 20 4O
81S0 Jack Richelieu Jr.. 5 (Quick). 1107 10 . . . ; 8 h 10 1 11 5 12 Stuart 15 CO
Time — --:26, :52, 1:14H. At post 8 minutes. Off at 2:22H- Florinel. place. 2: show. 1.
-Pickaway, place, 6-5; show, 3-5. Ray, show; 4-5." Winner, ch. g. by Fonso-La Bella
III.- .Trained by.H. W. Hoagr. Start perfect.- Won cleverly. Next five driving: hard.
Pickaway tired and Florinel coming from behind -won impressively. Arthur Ray
, - ' away poorly. So was Egg Nog. Handprtss requires stronger. riding than Ccleman can
furnish. Educate quit suddenly, j Pure l>ale was Donovanized.
B337. SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to- first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. H- %• 6tr.-Fln.-j Jockey. . Op. Ci.
5*314 Judge (M. J. Daly) Ill 9 ;.. 7 1%8 H 4 1 ff IJ. Daly..:.. 8 8
5314 Sol Smith (J. M. Cooper).... 1C8J 2 ... 1 % 1 2 HJ 2% Jd. Hall 4 7-2
5307 Military Man - (Ferguson) 10816 ... 4 h 4 ty 5 1 3 l^IJ. Martin.. 10 15
5307 Padua (A. Josephs) Ill 3 ... 5n 3 1^3n 4 4 1: Poweil... 2 11-5
4591) Florlana Bell (Miller & Co.).. 1021 7 ... 8 1H« 2 6 1 5 2H Connell 40 60
6314 Felipe Lugo (E. J. Baldwin).. 112 ,5 k ..^ 3 lUSrn 2h 6 4 See 8 8
6T.25 Instrument (McAlester & Co.). 105 1 ...101093 92 in. Adklna 6 20
(5525) Ananias (J. F. Schorr);.. 102*8 ',.'• 8 n 10 10 8 M 8 4* Reed ...:.. A* 7
5319 [Targette (J. S. Gibson) 102 10 ... - 9 2Va7 *slO 6 09 Hlldebrand 12 10
5314 ]Yg Pepper (F. J. U"Rourke). 102|'4 ...2%2h 7 2 If* 8 Haack 15 20
(Trivial i L.Jenness) U02!ll ...11 11 11 11 Holbrock 20 60
Time^- :24ft. 50^4, l:C3ij.. At post 4^; minutes. Off at 2:i7U: Judge, place, 3; show, 8-5.
• Smith, place, 6-5;, show, ¦¦ 3-5. Military Man. show, 3.- ¦ Winner, blk. c. by Atheline-
Judy. Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched^-Captaln . Forfee. Start good. Won going
•¦away. Next three driving. . Judge won like a good one. Military Man showed improve
¦ ment. Padua only a fair one. Felipe Lugo tried to run out the stretch turn. He will
do to run down. Ananias and Targette ran cheap races. Pepper not hot enough for ta«
company. ¦ %£•• ; . ' -
5338. THIRD RACE— Mile and 60 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; xalue to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ' WtlSt." Vi. H-.3i.-Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CI.
6324 Man of Honor, 6 (Hamilton). 101 ¦ 4 2 1^2 2 1 n 1 n 1 n J. Martin.. 7 0
6324 Man of Honor, tf (Hamilton) 101 4 2n 3 «i 3 ?;• 21 }i2 6 I. Powell... « So
40R5 Lady Kent, a <T. Wellman). .. 102 2 4 Vi * h 4 14+2 3 3 Hildbrand 8 8
53CS Buccleuth, 4 (Schreiber) 107 6 6 Vi 5 2%5 t= 5 4 4 3 D. Hall 8 8
5323 Prince Blazes, a(E. Her*).... 101 1 1 V* 1 H 2 2%:f v, 5 1H Ferrell .... 3 3
41SS Dr. Bernays, a (J. Conway) . . ICO 3 74 82 74 62 6n |Aflkin» 2 2
5317 Fk,- Woods 6 (Gar. C. Stable). 101 7 9 6 l'&ft % 7 1 7 5 W. Dugan.. « 8
5323 Gr. Sachem, a U. J. Moran).. D€S8^i9 985 8IO IMoran 15 30
6318 |Del Vista. 6 (G. S. McKenzle). (XI » 5?i • h 81 » 9 IKunz 3f> «•
Ml" |Ma. Hooker, a (Larsen & Co.).1105j » ; lHaack 13 30
Time— :2«',4 :32. 1:18%. 1:4CV'. 1:40^. At post 4Vi minutes. Off at 3:104. Man. place. 3;
show, 6-5. Greenock. place", 10; show, 5. Kent, show, 7-5. Winner, b. g. by Siddartha-
Myrtllla. Trained by J. Glvens. Scratched— Achilles. Brisht Moon. Start bad. Won la
a hard drive of three. Winner had nothing to beat but an old veteran. Buccleuth will be
bucking Into a purse before long. Footing too hard for Prince Blazes. He stopped. Dr.
Bernays was sore and Adkins did not kick jilsmedlclne chest to pieces. *Le£t^rpst.
533J>. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and upward: value first. <40O.
Index j Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % . ¥ 3 . %. Str. Fin. [ Jockey. Op. CL
5300 Schwalbe. 4 (B. Schreiber)... 100 1 ... 1 1%1 1^1 2 12 «D. Hall 2 7-5
(5280) Prin. Titania 3 (J. D. Mlllin) 107 2 ... 22 2»i2n 22 Chandler .. 11-5 4
(5321)Uloula. 5 (Lamasney Bros.).. 115 3 ... 3h 3 2«S !H3 4 Adkins .... 8-5 ; ;. 8"
link, 3 (Lamasney Bros.). .. .jlOl 0 ... 6 6 4 1H* -»H Foley t""'I"
5321 iMuresea. 4 (Mrs. C. E. Miller) 99 .8 ... 5 1'4-t % 5 3 3 3 Ferrell .... 5 5
4fit2 llshtar. 4 (A. Josephs) 98 4 ... 4 1 5 V, 6 6 |Reed 20 18
Time— :2*i-4 :49 l:10'i. At poot 4 minutes. Off at 3:38. Schwalbe. place, 1-2; shorw,
out Titania' place 7-5- show, 3-5. Albal.i. show. out. Winner, br. m. by Halo-
Gratitude. Trained 'by W. Whalen. Start good. Won handily. Next three drlvtn*
hard. Schwalbe appears to have shaken her soreness and had the race won all the
way. Princess did w«ll ln going which she Is not partial to. Albtila outfooted. Thosa
' who played Ink did right well. Muresca no account. Ishtar no account in the mud.
•Coupled with Albula. _^^_^-w-, ,-w^_J..^---i- —
C34 «>r"*FI FT H RACE — Futurity course, selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first $325.
inle^ Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. %¦ Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. CL
5316~ Albemarle. 3 (Mahler Co.)... 102 6 ... 5 2 3 Vt 2 V, 1 h JL. Spencer. T 5
.. Bay Wonder, 3 (Newman).... 105 2 ... 2h 11^1142 5 |Ferrell .... 8-5 2
5310 Mil Schultz. 4 (H. I. Wilson). 108 3 ... 3 1%2 2 3 1*3 % |C. Sloan... 9-2 3
3681 Plan, a (W. Fisher) 106 9 ... 95 82 «2 44 II. Powell... 10 12
(5312) Step Around. 3 (F. Devln).... 102 1 ... 1 n 4 2 4 % 5 % J. Martin.. 15 2J)
4*582 Ballroom Belle. 3 (Josephs)... 92 7 ... « % 6 % 5 n 6 1 |R. Coleman. 8 12
4000 P. Morrissey, a (T. Wellman). 109 10 ...10 10 83 7 2 ILlnton .... r> 20
(3278) Maresa. 5 (R. E. Dolan) Ill 5 ... 4 1^5 3 7 2 8n |See ........ • 7 8
. L. Knight, 4 (Lamasney) lift 8 ... 8^9110 94 D. Hall.... 12 2O
5127 Xanbn. 8 (3. Polk) '. 108 4 ... 72 72 9 2 H> |Fell 2O 20
Time :23 :5O, 1:13. At i>ost 5 minutes. Ott at 4:11. Albemarle. place, 2: show. 4-5.
Wonder place, 1} show, 1-2; Schultz, show. 1-2. Winner, b. g. by Deceiver- Fable.
Trained by F. C. Moshier. Scratched — Velma Clark, Gibraltar. Start fair. Won in a
drive of four. Albemarle was rubbed off the mlslng and overdue list. He arrived. Bay
Wonder only weakened the last 1C0 yards. Mildred is a good mudder. Too short for
Plan. Maresa had worked well. Nanon will be staged *^ter Inthejseason^^^^^^^^
5341. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: all ages; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. . 1 WtlSt. hi. %. %j Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5.-ios~ Anvil, 3 (C. E. "Murry.Co.)...! 02 1 1 1 >i 1 2>il 5 13 14 IHildebrnd . 7-5 I
5315 I O U. 4 (C. W. Charpcll)....|107j 8 5 2&S t%a 2^2 H 2 2 |j. T. Shehn 8 «
. IDungannon, 2 (Knebelkp) ) 84| 4 4 1 4n 2 H 3 1%3 7 |Knapp 6-5 8-3
5315 Invlctus. 5 (Mrs. Gabriel)..... 1021 » 61 63 53 48 46 (Kunz 8 15
MOfl Iras. 3 (J. T. Strlte) 92| 7 7 7 « 1«« 10 5 5 |J. Lewis... 12 15
(5125) Resigned, 2 (McDonald) 81 2 3 4 2 % 4 2 5 lii« 20 |W. Daly... « SO
5325 |St. Yusef, 1 (Kentucky Sta.).| S4J 5 2 «j 3 2 7 7 7 jRcHl ) 15 30
Time— -26H, :51»i, 1:18. 1:46. At post, 1 minute. Off at 4:27. Anvil, place, 1-2; show,
out. I O U, place. 2; show, 7-10. Dungannon, show, 1-3. V.lnn<*r, b. f. by Brutus-
Grandezia. Trained by C. E. Murry. Scratched — Dorice. Start good. Won easing up.
Next two driving. Anvil breezed. I O U showed Improvement. Dungannon never
looked dangerous. Resigned will do to watch.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Nov. 20.— The
California University to-day asked for
a New Year football game on the Pa
cific Coast with the University of Mich
igan,*: but the • Michigan faculty . seems
to be disposed to refuse the request. .
Michigan ;, Not j Anxious.
Jockeys 2>. Hall and Ferrell Are Al
most Head and Head for First
Place Honors.
At the conclusion of six days of rac
ing at Oakland track Caesar Young
heads the list of winning owners with
$3150 to his credit. The win of the val
uable Opening handicap by Eonic sent
the Oakland bookmaker off in the. lead.
Barney Schreiber Is a fair seeppd, his
horses having won $1800. J. F. New
man, the Texas horseman, has begun
the campaign. well, Don Domo, Burnie
Bunton and Bay Wonder placing $700 to
his credit. P. F. Ryan comes next with
$6. r .O, this sum representing the two
purses pulled down by Ben MacDhul.
When he defeated Beau Ormonde,
Warte Nlcht won $500 for Puerl Wllker
son. Burns & Waterhouse have taken
but one purse so , far. . Many stables
have won amounts . from $455 down to
$25.
The race for first place honors be
tween the riders Is very close. D. Hall
leads by a narrow margin, with Ferrell
second and Adkins a gooa third. Both
of the first named riders, though, have
been in the saddle oftener than Adkins.
Following is the standing of the fore
most riders:
' let. 2d. M. Unpl."
I>. Hall I I ? U
Ferrell « \ \ «
Adkins • % i ? 5
Reed *• 1 x 7
Hilderbrand ........•••••• 3 13 0
Chandler ••••••••••••* i % J
J. , Martin £-fiv} ? .?; "
J. Lewis 2 1 1 0
1^. Jackson ».••;•? 2 2 I
Powell } 2 2 , C 6
J. Daly ••••• J 0 I-
W..Knapp'.v 1/ * B 0
The following is a list of the jockeys
riding at Oakland, . the lowest weight at
which they can ride arid their employers:
Lee Jackson, 08 F. W. Doss"
Frank Ferrell. OS.. J. F. Newman
Iva Powell 106 ' ... . . . . . ...... .'. • . .T. Ramsey
Eugene Hllderbrand. 85...' ...V. Gilbert
•P > .'Mor&n — ................ .J. J. Moran
•Jeddle Lewis. 83 • • • • -•• J. Ellerd
George Frawley. 106 . ..... .... "Frisco" Hoag
•Lewis Kunz 85 .George Strobel
•William Daly,'82 ............ ...M. J. Daly
Johnny Daly. 106 M^ J. Daly
J. T. Sheehan.- 95 ......../ P. Donaleche
W. Dugan. 68 S. J. Jones
W. Knapp. 75 V. .... . ........ .......... . . J. Curl
•Harvey Larsen,' 95 ............. R. A. Smith
•Crosswalte. '80 ....... .....L. A. Blaslngame
Marion Adkins. 103 ......::.... Tlchenor & Co.
C. Sloan. '108....... Free lance
D Hall, 105 .................... ..B. Schreiber
Frank Reed. DO . . . .' '• • • •" • • • • J. F. Schorr
H. Btuart.\ 104 . . ............. C ' W. Chappello I
CAESAB YOUNG'S STABLE
HAS WON MOST MONEY
Five miles for machines of 1800 pounds
or under— Ryus won easily, C. A. Haw
kins second. Time, 6:25.
The race for the Huntington perpetual
challenge cup, valued at $1000, at seven
miles was the last on the card and was
won by H. D. Ryus, whose machine was
added at the last minute. Ryus made a
runaway race of it. F. A. Garbutt wa3
second, W. F. Winchester third and W.
E. Saunders fourth. Time, 6:06.
Ten miles, free for all. $250 cup— Barney
Oldfleld led from start to finish and lap
ped every other machine in the race wheti
he had covered nine miles. The interest
centered in Oldfleld's attempt to lap Saun
ders. Result: Oldfleld won^ Saunders sec
ond, Ryus third. Hansen and Siebel also
ran. -
Against time, $500 purse— Barney Oldfield
covered two milt*;, the first ln :55 1-5. the
second in 55 seconds flat, breaking the
record.
Australian pursuit race— W. F.JSVinches
ter of San Francisco' overtook AV. G.
Hansen and R. C. Hamlln in the first
mile. The race was a farce.
Seven miles, for California owners onlyr
no restrictions as to gear: $250 cup to
first, $50 cup to second— W. E. Saunders,
San • Francisco, won by a quarter of a
mile, Bruno Seibel second, an eighth of a
mile ahead of "vV*. G. ' Hansen. third.
Time, 5:52. H. D. 'Ryus' machine caught
fire shortly after the ato.n and he drew
out.
Five miles, for gasolines, 1200 pounds or
under, $50 cun— "W. F. Winchester won, W.
G. Hansen second, W. K. Cowan third.
Time, 7:11%.
Five miles, open for twenty horsepower
or under— N. W. Church won, going over
the course in 7:0S. Frank Garbutt's ma
chine broke down at the start and he
dropped out.-- ~~ 'p~ . - » >
Five miles, for gasoline machines of
twelve horse power — W. K. Cowan, Los
Angeles, won; W. G. Hansen, Los An
geles, second. Time, 7:43.
: LOS ANGELES, Nov. 20.— Barney
Oldfield clipped four-flfths of a second
off the mile record for automobiles at
Agricultural Park this afternoon, re
ducing the time from : 55 4-5 to :55 flat.
His trial against. time attracted. 10,000
people to the park. The races were giv
en by the Automobile Association of
Southern California. Oldfield expects
to reduce the record still further at to
morrow's trial.
After making a warm-up circuit of
the track, he was given the word. The
big machine, "Bullet No. 2," i leaped
into a terrific pace and rounding the
first turn appeared to be running on the
wheels of the inside ; only. -: Oldfleld did
not slacken the pace for the turns,
but drove the machine to. the extreme
outside of the track and within two feet
of the fence. The first mile was made
in :55 1-5. He gave the machine a little
more power and it slewed around the
turn of the comparatively narrow track
at a dangerous angle. The second mile
was covered in :55 flat and Oldfield
slowed up and quit for the day. He ex
pressed himself as satisfied with the
trial and said that he felt confident of
making the mile in :53 to-morrow.
! The track was in perfect condition. It
had been worked and -rolled until -it
was as smooth and as level as a billiard
table. ' The only fault Oldfleld had to
rind with it was that it was a little nar
row on the turns for the tremendous
speed of his machine. ' He did not ap
pear to slow down for that reason, how
ever, and the way he struck the curves
caused the big crowd to hold its breath
in fear of an accident." Nothing" ~oc-'
curred, however, to mar the afternoon's
sport. • ¦ •
The time made in the competition
races was very fast, but close finishes
were the -exception. The. winners fin
ished from one-quarter to one-half mile
in front of the field in every race.
SUMMARY.
Ten Thousand People Wit
ness Daring. Exhibition
at Park in Los Angeles
W. See. 100 ".'....Free lance
J. Martin, 100 W. B.* Jennings
¦Charles Connell. 01 .8. MrNaughton
W Karvaez 105 Free lance
F. Otis, 106 Buckley A Bailey
H. Waterbury. 105 Free lance
Lester Spencer. " 08 ' B. Schreiber
•T. Oliphant. 90 .- ;..... .Sidney Bender
J. Donovan. 104 .....Free lance
•Latson. 08 ....Woods
•W.Haack. 102 :..D. Hanlon
James Boieman. 108 Free lance
A. Henderson. 103 ."...J. Weber
•James Foley. 00 E. J. Miles
Ike Tullett. 105 ...........
•W Coleman. 06 , W. P. Magrane
A. Alarie. 108
L. , Melntlre.' OS ...................J. D. Dunn
K Holbrook. 00 George Went worth
Noble. Lewis, 1<MJ J.-H. Bennett
M. Fell. 10S ..............'. ... S. Polk
R < Wilson, 80 .....Ray Wilson
H. Birkenruth. 105 ...... '. ...G. L*nka
•J Jones 80 .....Frank Regan
•J. Booker. 87 ..S. G. Morton
•Apprentices. \ '.."..,
Charles Chandler. 08 ..C. Young
3:44i4. ', '
Second race, five and a half furlongs —
Jim Ferrin won, Trovator second, Rhyme
and Reason third. Time. 1:10.
Third race, seven furlongs — Jigger
won; One' More second, Eva's Darling
third. Time, 1:30%..
. Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase,
short course — Galba won. Volantlne sec
ond. Faraday Jr. third. Time, 3:03.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Princess Lu
vllle won. Eccentric second, Vallarambla
third. Time. 1:0514.
Sixth race, : one mile — Lubin won,
Drummond second, Kllmorie third. Time,
1:44. - .
Second race, maidens, five • furlongs,
Columbia course — Master Prime won,
Conkling second, Belle of Bellmeade
third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, mile and three-quarters,
hurdles — Goldsby won. Draughtsman
second, Allene Abbott third. Time, 3:27.
Fourth race, one mile, Columbia course
— Alpaca won, Dramatist second, Mono
graph third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, Columbia
course — Merry England won. Buttons
second. Time. 1:29. (Two starters.)
Sixth race, maidens, mile and seventy
yards — Pompano won, Misa Mellon sec
ond. Yellowhammer third. Time, 1:49 3-5.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 20.— Latonia re
sults: •'
First race, one mile — Choice won, Bar
ney Burke second, Moor third. Time,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 20.—Ben
nlngs summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs,
Columbia course — Judith Campbell won,
Rfid Damsel second, Sam Craig third.
Time, 1:23.
"Frisco" Hoag, trainer of Florinel,
did not see the gelding win, for he, too,
is laid up with a severe cold.
M. J. Daly, owner of Claude, is still
another horseman confined to his house
with a mild attack of pneumonia.
The stable of M. Z. de'Xrmond arrived
at Oakland last night from Chicago, ln
the string are Palm Reader, Standard,
Homily, Nellie Bawn and Card "VVelton.
Albemarle, winner of the fifth event,
was boosted $400 over his entered sell-
SUMMABY OF EVENTS
ON EASTERN TRACKS
George Frawley, the Jockey, is lying
dangerously ill at a hospital in Oak
land, suffering from pneumonia.
It certainly looked as if Dr. Bernays;
if worth 30 cents, could win the mile
and fifty yard race, decided under sell
ing conditions. But the Doctor seemed
afflicted with rheumatism and made a
miserable showing. After a long drive,
Jack Martin on Man of Honor, a 10
to 1 outsider, received a neck decision
over Powell astride the 30 to 1 shot
Greenock. Lady Kent ran a fair third.
There was a lingering fear of some
sort that Bay Wonder would be downed
in the fifth race, and he was. But the
Texas sprinter ran a good race on his
California debut. He- ruled, favorite,
and after making all the running was
nabbed and led by the judges a head
by Albemarle. The latter horse had L.
Spencer in the saddle and was backed
from 7 to 6. Mildred Schultz, a con
tender for quite a way^ran third.
Backed from 7 to 5 to evens, Anvil
made a rag-time gallop of the final mile
selling affair. I. O. U. came from be
hind, leading out Dunganrion for the
place.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
"Frisco" Hoag's pony, Florinel II,
took the first event, _a Futurity course
sprint, from a field of eleven. The lit
tle gelding's odds fell from 6 to 4,- and
after moving along from fourth place
he collared and beat the favorite, Pick
away, two lengths. . Arthur Kay came
from far back, finishing third.
.Padua, on some very-' nice morning
workouts, became so higTiiy touted that
the colt was Installed a 2 to 1 favorite
for the two-year-old scramble. He did
his best, but was outclassed. Mike
Daly's colt, Judge, an 8 to 1 shot, grad
ually wore down the leaG of So) Smith,
winning easily by two lengths. Mili
tary Man finished ahead of Padua in
the show.
Surprise parties continue to be the
fad in society racing circles at Oakland
track and no doubt will continue to
be until there is a cessation of rain
and the track recovers its normal con
dition. Florinel, Judge, Man. of Honor
and Albermarle may not have figured
as well on paper, as some of the other
more fashionable entries in their re
spective races, but they won at re
munerative quotations and that is suf
ficient. Had Schwalbe and Anvil, two
stanchly supported favorites, not land
ed there is no telling what might have
happened the talent. The unpleasant
climatic conditions kept the attendance
down, but business in the ring was
brisk. .
The handicap at six furlongs, which
was worth $400 to the winner, attracted
a field of six to the post. - Schwalbe,
the I Schreiber entry, carrying 103
pounds, was poumied down from 2\% to
7, to 5, and, ably ridden by Hall, came
through all right without creating a
ripple of discord.. The black mare ap
peared perfectly at home in the slushy
going and. possessing the footing, over
Princess Titania beat Caesar Young's
mare ve^/ handily in l:lCVi. Lamasney
Bros, started, two, Albula and Ink, and
the former, assigned top weight, 115,
finished third.
Four- Fifths of a Second Is
Clipped Off Automobile
Time by Barney. Oldfield
Bay Wonder Beaten
Out a Head by
Albemarle.
SCHWALBE AND ANVIL SAVE THE DAY
FOR THE FIRST CHOICES AT OAKLAND
MAKES NEW
RECORD FOR
A MILE RUN
BRITT BEATS CANOLE IN TWENTY-FIVE FIERCE ROUNDS
Tide Turns in Favor of the Winner in Last Three
Rounds, Canole Weakening Under Punishment.
Continued on Page 18, Column 5.
CANOLE STAITDS - TTFBIGHT.
Britt's plan of campaign was to send
his left to the body, following It with a
right to the head. Brltt crouched
throughout, while Canole affected an
upright style. It waa a treat to watch
the latter's footwork which, was as be
wildering as that of a ballet dancer.
He did not seem as rugged as Britt,
but Btill took a lot of punishment The
fight showed that Canole was no two
to one shot In the betting:. He was ap
plauded as he passed the ten and twen
t round 4k marks ln safety, as there waa
tErse betting on these. Canole un
doubtedly *cted Kroggiiy in the earlier
Etages of the flght as he recovered un
expectedly after each spell. The worst
blow Britt received was a right to the
law as the twenty-first round ended.
Ct nearly, lifted him off hla feet. For
Canole was practically defenseless,
but Brltt In his eagerness to score a de
cisive victory was swinging wildly,
wasting his most effective blows.
The twenty-fourth round was all
Britt's, but Canole showed great game
ness and the ability to stand punish
ment. Britt redoubled his efforts in the
last round, but Canole was there fight
ing. Brltt had him staggering about,
but the Boston man made a dying
ptand and cent a left to the body. This
was the last blow struck in the flght.
Ileferee Welch at once pointed to Brltt
the winner.
J^ The attendance wafe unexpectedly
large, the big cars of the San Mateo
' electric line being crowded for two
hours before the contest." The pavilion
Is without windows and the air was
stifling. The gallery, which Is the beat
• vantage point from which to view a
contest, was packed t to Its capacity,
even the rafters carrying their quota
of acrobatic epectatora.
For the epectators the contest was
one of the most nerve-racking: ever
seen here. First one and then the other
boxer would seem to have the lead. In
an Instant the scene would change and
the weak»r man would be the ag
gressor. Canole was always the first to
lead, his favorite blow being a stiff left
jab to the head, which worried Brltt
et times.
BBITT IS OVEB ANXIOUS.
Brltt scented victory ahead and the
•long faces of his seconds and of his
friends commenced to relax from the
strained look they wore up to that time.
Jimmy saw Canole did not have a dan
gerous punch left in him and sailed in
viciously. He kept slamming In his
left, which up to that time had seemed
to lose Its effectiveness.
For twenty-two rounds it was any
body's flcht. First one and then the
other would caia a Blight lead. Early
in^the twenty-third round Britt Bent a
crushing left to Canole's stomach. The
glove struck Canole's glove and was
deflected, landing low. CanoJe claimed
a foul, but Brltt kept right after him
and rained a lead which he never re
linquished. The claim of foul was not
allowed.
Jimmy Britt carried off the long end
of the purse in his engagement with
Martin CanoJe last night at Colma in
one of the fiercest, most stubbornly
contested fights ever seen here.
Britt was the harder hitter, but Can
ole proved the cleverer of the two box
ers. He was in and out and seemed
never still an instant. He kept up a
continual peppering of Britt's face with
his left hand, nearly shutting the Cal
ifornian's eyes and cutting Jimmy's
face in such a manner that he will not
want to visit a photographer's for some
time. Britfln return knocked out one
*-f Canole's front teeth early in the.
fipht and the injured member bled
profusely until the end.
Round 1— Brttt assumed a crouching posi
tion, but Canole stood up. Canole poked out
his left twice and touched Brttt lightly on the
faee. Britt tried' hla famoua left for the body
and landed lightly. Canole ducked Into a left
swing and they clinched. Canole tried a shift,
but missed. Britt «*nt left to the head and
body and clinched. ¦ Brltt sent a left to the
head through Canole's guard and Canole re
taliated with a left to face. Brltt Jabbed with
left and Canole kept backing away. The Bos
ton bov came back a moment later with a
straight left Jab to Brltt'B nose and Jimmy be
gan to fight wild.
Rrund 2— Britt opened up with a left to the
head and Canole countered. Canole ducked a
vlcloua left. Britt ducked a vicious left for
the head and countered hard on Canole s body.
Britt sent his right over, but was too far
away to be effective. Canole staggered Britt
with left to the Jaw. They clinched and Ca
role landed his left repeatedly on Britt b body.
Canole started using bis left like a piston rod
and kept tapping Brttt on the face.. Britt
managed to stop many with his glove but a
number of them landed on .his forehead. Ca
nole was cheered as he went to his corner.
Round 3— Canole kept Jabbing Ms left to
Brltf* face, knocking Brltfa head back and
making Jimmy angry, Brttt staggered Canole
with a hard left to the body. **•.}*»* »*»'
tried to follow It up. but Canole slipped away
from danger. Brttt followed Canole. landing
a heavy left swing on the Boston boy a head,
and the latter seemed to be in distress. Britt
eent his right over, but Canole blocked clev
erly. Canole landed a lett hard to the body.
Britt came back with a left to the body anfl
Canole countered to the head. Canole stag
gered Britt with left to the head. Britt was
the aggrersor In this round, but Canole e clever
work aroused a great deal of enthusiasm.
Round 4 — Britt was after Canole from the
tap of the gong. He planted a left on the
body while Canole kept trying for the head.
In a mlxup Canole sent a hard left to body,
doubling Brttt up. Brttt rushed Canole and
•ent a left to the head, 'but got a bard one In
return. Canole tried a left uppercut and then
placed his glove hard on Britt's stomach and
the crowd yelled. " Brttt tried for th» body
and a right to the head had Canole a little
groggy. Canole fought . back desperately and
in th« mlrup sent a hard left to the body.
Near the close of the round Brttt ' landed a
hard right on Canole's Jaw. .-•¦¦¦-
Round C — Britt forced Canole around the
ring and landed a left to the body. Canole
tried his shift > and sent a , stiff left to the
body. Canole repeated the shift a- moment
later and tried a right for the head, but Brltt
Following is a description of the flght
by rounds as seen by an expert:
THE FIGHT BY BOUNDS.
Billy Jordan announced that the
bout would be fought under straight
Marquis of Queensberry rules and that
the pair would protect themselves in
the breakaway. He also said the men
would battle twenty-five rounds and
would break at the order of the ref
eree. Referee Jack Welch was intro
duced. The bell clanged the signal for
the opening of hostilities and the pair
began fighting.
The familiar figure of Billy Jordan
was seen entering the ring at 10 o'clock,
and he was greeted with cheers by the
uncomfortable spectators. He was
immediately followed by "Cute" Eddie
Hanlon and Young Corbett, who are
scheduled to box next month before the
Hayes Valley Athletic Club. The pair
were greeted with wild cheering, and
Corbett was appealed to to make a
speech. He declined. Both lads bowed
their acknowledgments to the big
crowd and left the arena. "Sandy"
Ferguson and Jack Johnson, the
heavy-weights who are to contest be
fore the Colma Club, were also intro
duced.
Brltt looked serious as he sat in his
corner. He first took the southwest
corner of the ring and then changed
t* the northeast. After a little wait
Jimmy then went to the northwest cor-'
ner andoccupied It during the contest.
Behind Britt were "Spider" Kelly,
Tim McGrath, Curtis Richardson,
Frank Rafael and Sam Berger. Canole
had Alec Greggalns as his chief ad
viser. Harry Foley. Dave Barry and
another youth assisted him.
It was after 10 o'clock when the con
testants in the main event entered the
arena. Britt was clad in overcoat and
trousers. Canole came in dressed in
sweater and trousers and wearing a
hat.
BOXERS ENTER THE BING.
round after round Britt's body' blows
did not seem to hurt Canole, but to
ward the end he weakened perceptibly
under them.
From the tenth to the twenty-third
round the pair put up a beautiful ex
hibition. Canole blocked many of
Britt's heavy swings and used his left
hand with great skill. Britt kept forc
ing Canole and the latter was often
forced to break ground. He had Britt
guessing by the way he shifted from
right to left. Canole had Britt bleed-
Ing from the nose and from a bad cut
over the left eye in the seventeenth
round. Canole kept playlnpr for the
sore eye and landed repeatedly. Brltt
kept after his man and kept wearing
him down. At* the end of the twentieth
round the pair were fighting viciously.
Up to that time the contest was even
up. In the twentieth, twenty-first and
twenty-second rounds Britt had the ad
vantage.
Round 23 — Britt sent a left to the " body.
Canole kept backing away and shooting his
left out. Britt bored In and staggered Canole
with a rlnht on the Jaw. Canole clinched to
*ave himself. Brltt kept forcing the fight.
He landed a hard left swing on Canole's Jaw
and Canole sidestepped out of danger. He
soon recovered hla wit* and Decked away at
Brltt with hla left. Brltt kept after -his man
and landed a left to the body. Both men
¦lugged In the middle of the ring, forgetting
science. Britt overreached himself and Canole
landed a ¦tlfC left on the jaw. Brltt rushed
Canole and forced him to his knees with heavy
lefts and rights. Canole was up immediately
and clinching. Brltt triad left and right, but
fell short. Canole appeared to, bo .getting
weaker and Britt more aggressive. Canole
tried a left shift, but fell short and clinched.
Brltt swung wildly with hlf left. . Britt
rushed Canole and the latter slipped In his
own corner. . The fight seemed to bo -¦ going
Britt's way as the round closed.
Round 24 — Britt rushed and Canole met him
with straight lefts. Britt sent his I right to
the body and took a straight left on the Jaw.
Britt rushed and missed left and right swings.
Brltt landed a heavy right on the Jaw. ' Brltt
tried to finish Canole, but the latter; cleverly
ducked his left and right swings., Britt tried
another left swing for the head ¦ and Canole
ducked cleverly. Brltt waa eager..- to finish
Canole but the Boston boy showed great game
ness and ring generalship. r
Round 25 — Both men walked briskly, to the
center of the ring and shook hands. They
itparred for an opening and Britt led first,
landing a left 'swing on Canole's head. They
clinched and Canole kept using his left In the
clinch. Canole Jabbed Britt with' hla left.
Round 8 — Canole staggered Brltt with a left
hook and tried to follow It with a left upper
cut but missed. Canole landed a straight left,
forcing Britt'B head back. Brltt crouched
lower and tried a rlgbt swing, but missed.
Brltt landed a left swing which caught Ca
nole flush on the mouth, bringing blood. Ca
nole, landed a left uppercut on Britt'8 body
and 'repeated It a second later. Britt landed a
left on the body and followed with a heavy
right to the Jaw. Brltt rushed and Canole
broke ground. Brltt kept after his man and
had Cnnole distressed at the end of the round.
Round 0 — Brltt tried a left for the body, but
fell short. Jimmy tried again and they
clinched. Brltt landed a heavy left on the
head as Canole rushed In. Canote staggered
Britt with a left to the head. Britt rushed
wildly and Canole fought him to a standstill.
Brltt landed "a heavy left on the body. Both
landed rights to the head as the gong sounded.
Round 10 — Canole shifted and shot his right
at Britt but the blow glanced off his head.
Canole bbered nl * *«»nds and began u«l«g
his left. sending It In with great accuracy,
but without doing any damage. Canole Jabbed
Britt hard In the face and Jimmy smiled. Ca
nole forced the fighting and Britt held on. It
was Canole's round.
Round C — Jimmy opened the round with a
left to the head. Canole kept playing with left
for the face. ¦ Brltt crossed Canole but the
blow \vas a glancing one. Canole eent la a
stiff left that grazed Brltfe Jaw. Britt re
taliated with left and right to head and body.
Canole tried his shift end blocked a left swing
as they clinched. Canole cleverly ducked a
left swing and came back Immediately with
a left Jab on Brltt's nose. Brltt tried a left
for the body but was short. The spectators
cheered Canole as he went to hla corner.
Round "—Britt sent a left to the head. Ca
nole tried repeatedly with his left but failed
to find an opening. Britt's crouch bothered
Canole and he tried uppercuttlnr. Britt sent
a rirht to the head and kept forcing Canole.
Canole kept ctlngine Brltt with his left. Ca
nole shot his right over and landfd heavily
on Britt's head. Both men engaged In heavy
slugging. Canole mis*ed a right uppercut.
Brltt was wild and walked Into » hard right
uppercut. Canole »ent right to the Jaw and
leff to the body. Britt tried a left for the
head, but it was blocked. The round closed
In the Boston lad's favor.
ducked out of danger. Brltt sent two to the
hfad and clinched. Britt tried for the body,
but Canole blocked. Brltt landed a left to
the body. Canole kept Jabbing away with his
left and had Brltt worried. Britt landed a
heavy left on the body and Canole came back
with left and right to the head. Canole side
stepped as Britt rushed and James went into
the ropes. Canole poked his left In Britt' s
face and the latter planted a light left to the
body.
CLEVER LIGHTWEIGHT BOXERS WHO FOUGHT TWENTY-FIVE OF THB FASTEST ROUNDS EVER SEEN IN
A CALIFORNIA RING AT TUG OPENING EXHIBITION OF THE COLMA ATHLETC CLUB, BRITT WIN
NING IN THE LAST THREE ROUNDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
11
ADVESTISEilENTS. <
r"a [j|?| CQ lEgra fSI En fffPSr»
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHEREContinued from Page 11, Column 3.
BBITT BEATS CAHQLE,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographle - Office. U. S. N- Bier
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. ¦ Cal..
- November 20. 1903. . • *
The Time Ball on tbe tower of the Ferry
Time Ball.
.The schooner Ocean Spray. Captain Peterson,
bound from this city for Bulalaw, J Oregon," went
ashore on * the North- Spit at t the entrance , of
that -harbor yesterday and • will . probably be a
total loss. • . r . .\ • . .... • ,
Schooner Ocean Spray Ashore.
Acre Treaty Is Signed.
RIO JANEIRO, Nov. 20.— The treaty
settling the Acre dispute has. been
signed by the representatives of Brazil
and Bolivia.
An additional manifest was filed at the Cus
tom-house yesterday, representing an addition
°., th / carKO of the bartt s - °- Wilder, which
called yesterday for Honolulu. The manifest
was valued at $1144. and Included 10,545 lbs
pll _cak« meal. 160 bale* hay. 6412 lbs 05 pigs
lead and 108 lbs tin
An Additional Manifest."
NOTE*— In the above expoMtlon of the tides
the early morning tides are given in- the left
hand column and the successive tides of , the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes .occurs. 1 ' The - heights -given' are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
' at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is the same at both placea.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21.
Sun rises.. 6:56
Sun sets 4:55
Moon sets ....7:13 p. m.
O |Tlme Tlmel Time Time
g. j Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
? |H W| L W H W ¦ L W .-.
20 0:51 4.9 5:26 2.7 11:40 6.8 6:261—05
21 1:39 5.0 6:08 2.0 12:17 5.6 7:07—04
22 2:27 4.7 0:50 3.0.1:01 6.3 7:49—02
23 3:15. 4.8 7:48 3.3 1:50 6.0 8:30 0 1
24 4:02 4.9 8:55 3.3 2:38 "4.6 9:13 0 4
25 4:44 4.9 10:08 3.2 3:33 4.2 0:57 08
28 6:25 .4.0 11:20 ,.2.9 4:39 3.9 10:45 11
27- 1 6:07 6.112:20 2.6 5:53 ." 3.8 11:43 14
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 20.— The
Russian Foreign Office displays no con
cern over the numerous reports from
the Far East. It declares that it is
not Informed of the reported objection
of the Russian Minister at Seoul to the
opening of Korean ports.
Russia Is Not Alarmed.
The French bark Babin Chevaye is chartered
for wheat and barley to Europe at 11s 6d: Brit
ish chip Monkbarns, same business, at 11s 3d;
rrench bark Montoalm, same, at 17s 6d (Port
land loading).
The schooner Annie E. Smale Is chartered
for lumber from Portland to Shanghai at 35s,
with option af Taku at 37s Cd.
The bark Anni* Johnson returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
•WASHINGTON, Nov. 20.— The Dem
ocratic caucus to-fiay agreed on the
minority's representation on the sen
ate committees. Senator Newlands of
Nevada has been assigned to the com
mittees on Education and Labor, Gov
ernmental Survey, Interstate Com
merce, Irrigation. Mines and Mining,
Territories and Industrial Expositions.
Democrats in Caucus.
The barkentlnfe' Aurora, which recently put
Into Sydney In distress, has been ordered to
discharge her deckload In order that a satis
factory survey of her damage may be made.
The order to discharge was made by the sur
veyors after a diver had made an examination
and reported on the vessel's condition bel6w
water. , ijvr;
Must Discharge Deck Load.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Nov. 20.— Miss
Mary Elizabeth Moorenead, daughter
of James A. Moorehead, died to-day
at her home In this city, aged €7 years.
Miss Moorehead's life rrom early wom
anhood was devoted to charity and
work for others. She organized the
work that developed into the Fruit and
Flower Mission, and during the Civil
"War was an active member of the sub
sistence committee.
Death, of a Benefactress.
Lieutenant Duke and Sergeant Ellis of the
harbor police yesterday raided a poker game
at S25 Drumm street. The proprietor of the
place, W. CoEtudio, and John Kolunlo, Antone
Martin. Lucio Lunls and Manuel Knos were
placed under arrest, and a deck of cards, $20
In coin and a pile of poker chips were gath
ered In as evidence. The men claim that they
were playing for chips and that the finding cf
the $20 on the table was merely a coincidence
and not In any way connected with the game.
Bald a Poker Game.
A New Bureau Needed.
"Another Invitation to a wedding!" ex
claimed a professional man— bachelor— as
he opened his mall the other morning.\"I
wish to goodness my friends would stop
getting married or forget me when they
are sending out invitations. This one
means a present. I don't begrudge the
money, but I do confoundedly hate' to
have to rack my brains deciding what to
give, and nine times out of ten striking
on the wrong thing. We have bureaus
for so many purposes I think It would be
an immense saving of gray matter if
dome clever individual would establish a
bureau where an unmarried man like me
could go and give an order for a wedding
present with the fair chance of having
something suitable selected and have
nothing more to do than pay the bill."—
Brooklyn Eagle.
Bishop Scott's Semi-Centennial.
The Right Reverend Thomas Fielding
Scott, the first Bishop of the Episcopal
church ! in Oregon, was elected to that
office October " 22, 1S53. The semi-centen
nial of his consecration will occur in Port
land January 8 ' next. Bishop Scott was
formerly a resident of this State, and be
fore going to his new field he secured a
donation . of $1000 from William Aspin
wall toward building a new church in
Oregon.— New York Commercial.
The rate of reinsurance on the British steam
ship Hardwick Hall, out 30 days from Dela
coa Bay for Calcutta, was advanced yesterday
to 40 per cent. The rate on "the Thalia was
marked un to 83 per cent. The other overdues
are quoted as follows: Charlonus, 10 per cent;
Klfeshirt, 45 per cent; Paris. 35 per cent;
Cadwgan, 15 per cent: Llndisfarne, 10 per
cent, and La Bruyere, 15 per cent.
Reinsurance Bates Advance.
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 20.— The Uni
versity of "Washington team defeated the
University of Nevada eleven this after
noon by a score ' of 2 to 0. The victory
gives Washington the championship of
th© coast. Washington outplayed the
visitors In practically every department
of the same except that Speldell was
clearly outpunted by Friezell.
Washington Defeats Nevada.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 20.— Monte Attell
knocked out Jockey Bennett in the
eleventh round of a hard, scientific battle.
In the Eixth round Attell landed a Jab on
Bennett's eye that swelled that member
close, and from then on he had all th6
best of it until the end came in the be
ginning of the eleventh round, when a
swing on the jaw eent Bennett down for
the count. He came up, but a shower of
blows ended him. The two preliminaries
were interesting. Billy Donahoe made an
Ideal referee and the Acme Club's open
ing card proved the best ever given In
this city.
MONTE ATTELL KNOCKS
OUT JOCKEY BENNETT
Eacramentans See the Best Fight the
City Has Had in
Years.
F. W. Lewis, Inspector attached, to the
searching force of the United States customs,
slipped on the deck of the steamship Gaelic
yesterday and received injuries which rendered
him temporarily hors de combat. It was rain
ing heavily and the inspector was running for
shelter when his feet found a slippery plank.
He struck the deck almost at th» Identical
cpot where Mrs. Sadie Adams, a woman In
spector, was bowled over by a flying bundle
on Wednesday. Mrs. Adams is recovering
from the effects of her mishap. . Inspector
Lewis will be able 'to resume his duties to
day. ' •
Customs Inspector Injured.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Colon will
sail to-day for Panama and way ports. Her
cargo of 2500 tons includes 2000 barrels of Cali
fornia wine, 350 tons of lead, 600 tons of
flour and 400 tons of prunes for New York.
The Colon will also take EUppHes to the ehipe
of the Pacific squadron at present stationed at
the isthmus.
Will Take Big Wine Cargo.
Maurlo Herrera was given the de
cision over Fred Landers after ten
rounds oJ fierce fighting:. Herrera did
the cleaner punching and landed with
frequency on his opponent. Lander's
only bid for public favor was his abil
ity to assimilate punishment. He
proved a second Seiger and like the
"iron man" knew little about the art of
boxing. Landers was wild in his work.
Whenever he rushed he was off his
balance and Herrera would pick him
to pieces with rights and lefts. Her
rera showed fear during the lively mix
ups and covered a la Hanlon. Referee
McVey was slow to give his decision at
the end of the battle. He would; not
decide until he was out of the ring, and
the specators were forced to guess that
Herrera was the winner. -The battle
was a lively preliminary to the main
event..
Herrera Defeats Landers.
Canole smothered a hard swing to the stom
ach. Canole missed a wild swing. Bsltt up
percut Canole and they clinched. Canole
kept Brltt at bay by threatening him with a
left shift. He held his left far back and as
they came together Canole let fly and caught
Britt a hard left on the etomach. Canole re
turned to. the shift and Brltt stepped In and
landed a right hard to the body. Canole re
peated the shift and landed a heavy left to
the stomach. Britt swung with both hands,
but was wild. The gong sounded and Referee
Welch placed his hand on Britt's shoulder as
an Indication that the local lad had won.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ' From. | Due.
Olympic San Pedro... Nov. 21
Arctic I Humboldt Nov. 21
Centralia i Grays Harbor Nov. 21
G. W. Elder.. I Portland & Astoria Nov. 21
Nicaria Seattle Nov. 22
Hero Oyster Harbor Nov. 22
Phoenix ' Mendocino Nov. 22
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 22
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 22
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 23
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Xov. 23
Chehalis San Pedro Nov. 23
Coronado San Pedro Nov. 23
Mariposa Tahiti Nov. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports Nov. 23
State of Cal.. ' San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 23
H. K. Maru..J China & Japan Nov. 24
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 24
Lothian China & Japan Nov. 25
Corona Humboldt Nov. 25
San Pedro Grays Harbor Nov. 25
Newport N. Y. via Panama Nov. 25
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 25
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 26
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 20
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2tt
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 28
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 27
Hawaiian New York Nov. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 28
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 28
Abydos Hamburg & Way Porte. Nov. 28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30
.S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Nov. 30
City Para.... In. y. via Panama [Pec. 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
Xovembcr 21.
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 20
A\ . Kmeer. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 28
Chico Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m| Pier 40
.November 22.
F. Leggett Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla. .. Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier. 9
November 23. J
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm I Pier 20
Nevadan... Honolulu 12 m Pier 23
Phoenix..-.. Mendoctno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor Pier —
Olympic Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 20
Xovember 24.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier' 3
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 25. .
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pl-r 13
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay Pier 18
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China & Japan ... 1 pm Pier 40
Nicaria Hamburg &,Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
November 20.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
November 27. . . '
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Queen Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 28.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu n am Pier T
C. Sydney.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Xovember 20.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma>. 10 am Pier 2
December 1.
Mariposa. . . Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer, j For. Sails.
Dirlgo.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov 24
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov 27
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec. I
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha, i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec. 7
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Luca
nln, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Nov 20 — Stmr Cymric.' for Liverpool.
GLASGOW — Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Cartha
genlan, from Philadelphia. :
HA VRE— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr ; La Gaa
cofene. from New ' York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov 20 — fitmr
Campania, for Liverpool, ¦ and proceeded. .
Sailed Nov 20 — Stmr Romance, '. from Liver
pool, for Boston.
GENOA— Sailed » Nov 20— Stmr Lugurla, for
New York. : • .
MOVILLE— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr. Astoria,
from Glasgow, . for New York, v -
• LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr • Domin
ion, for Halifax. .. . -
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Victor
ian, for New York. »'||W iWV»«»»ijiP I I'llM'"*
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov. 20— Stmr 8t
Louis, from New .York... . • . ..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SHIELDS — Arrived Nov 19-^-Br ship Ra
hane. from Tacoma.
CARDIFF — Sailed Nov 19 — Fr-ahlp Asnleres,
for Honolulu^
NEWCASTLE. Encland— Sailed Not 19— Br
ship Luctpara, for Seattle. - ¦¦';• ',':%-
NEW YORK— Cleared Nov 19— Bark Nuua
nu, for Honolulu. '. . ¦ .-
FOREIGN PORTS. . ;..;•. ..'
EASTERN. PORT.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Fulton,
hence Nov 17; stmr Noyo, from Fort Bragg.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Farallon,
from Skairway. Nov. 20— Stmr City of Puebla,
hence Nov 17. • *
Sailed Nov 19— Stmr DolDhln, ' for Skagway.
Nov 20 — Stmr Queen, . for . San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Eureka, . from Dutch
Harbor. . .
Sailed Nov 20 — Ger itmr Nlcarla. for San
Francisco.
CLALLAM BAT— In \ port Nov 20— Schr
Golden Shore, from Everett, for. San Fran
cisco; Br shlo Vincent, from Vancouver.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Artec,
hence Nov 16. .'
Sailed Nov 20 — Bktn Quickstep, for San
Pedro. . . ' ., . •
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Not . 17-r-Schr Jennie
Thelin, for San Frand«co. ¦ ,"
TATOOSH— Passed In Nbv 20— Br bark Hara.
gOBsa, hence Nov 13, for Port Townsend.
Passed in Nov 20 — Schr Mary E Foster, from
Honolulu, for Port Blakeley;' schr William
Olsen, hence Nov 11, for Port Townsend; utmr
Valencia, - from Skagway; itmr Montara, hence
Nov 17. for Seattle. , ( .
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Not l^Stmr
Santa Cruz, hence Nov 18. " ' .
Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Santa Cms, for San
Francisco. * ' ' ¦ ' ¦ > ¦ •
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Nor 20— Schr
Sequoia, from Seattle. ¦ -. ¦••-'• -¦¦
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Nov 19 — Stmr Olympic,
for San Francisco; stmr Mandalay, for San
Francisco. ' ¦ ' •
Arrived Nov 20— Btmr Fulton, from Re
dondo. / . ,
Sailed Nov 20— Schr Dauntless/ for Grays
Harbor; achr W. H Smith, for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 20 — Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 20 — Echr C A' Klose, hence Not
6, via Tillamook. ¦ ¦ - ' ¦¦ .
EUREKA— Arrived Not 20— Stmr Brooklyn,
hence' Nov 18; stmr Pomona, hence Nov 18.
-. Passed south at noon — Tug with a bark In
tow. , . . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per stmr Rival— Nov 16, .9 d m, 20 miles 8
of Cape Neares, tug Sea Rover, with ship
Two Brothers In tow, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 20. 10 d m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Reported ealllng of stmr Czarina on the 19th
was an error. • ••-¦*..
CORRECTION.
Ger ship Magdalene, from Newcastle, Eng
land. ... . . ,
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
• Friday, November 20.
Stmr Santa - Roaa. Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.. .
Stmr Bonita. Alberts, San • Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. < . • ¦
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, Portland; E T
Kruse. ¦• •¦ •-
Fr ship Champi^ny, Boju, Havre; F A
Henry.
SAILED.
Friday, November 29.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. '
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma. ,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Saqfta Crux.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldsett, Ventura and Re
dondo.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenson," Eureka.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy. Honolulu. .
Br stmr Wvefleld, Watson, Nanalmo.
Bktn S G Wilder, . Jackson, Honolulu.
CLEARED
Friday, November 20.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 32 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 4 days from As
toria.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 66 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fosen, 38 hours from
San Pedro. • ...
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 58 hours 'from Eureka.
Stmr Rival, McClements, 99 hour* from Wll-
Japa Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
SUMMARY.
Horn* nin— Spies. Two-bas« hits— Gray
Shields (2) Eager. Sr.i<* <2j. Hoy. Clark. Sad
rtflce hits— \ an Buren <2). First base on er
rors—Portland 3. First base on balls Off
Gray 3. off Shields 5. Double play — Blake to
Freeman to Blake. Struck out— By Shields 4.
pitch — Gray. Hit br pitcher — Wheeler.
Time of same — 2:00. Umpire — Euck Fraccks
Los Angeles 0 0 0 5 0 4 0 2 0—11
Base hits 0 0 14 0 4 0 3 1—13
Portland 2 3 0 0 0 7 0 0 1—13
Base hits « 3 1 0 1 S 1 0 2—20
Totals S3 11 13«28 17? Totals 45 13 20 27 12
•Clark out; hit by batted ball.
ROTS AND HITS ET QTOXKGS
Los Angelea— j Portland—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB R H P A.
? , e tl-?K ! 1 ° ' ' Fremn.lb 6 3 6 12 1
Smith oh 4 2 12 2,R!ake.3b 6 1113
Spies lb. 4 1 3.12 l!Andsn.2b6 2 2 2 3
Cravhrf 4 10 2 ONadeu.lf 4 12 4 0
Ross. If... 4 l i 2 1 Francis. s 5 12 12
Raymd.s 4 2 14 6 Butler, rf 5 12 2 0
Eater.c. 5 12 10 Clarke. 8 0 2 5 0
Oray.p... 5 110 S.Shields.p 4 3 3 0 3
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 20.—Agricultu
ral Park was not the only place where
records were broken in Los Angeles to
day. At Chutes Park the local ball
team broke its record for poor fielding
and the Portlanders broke their batting
record for the season. It was one of
those games where one team was af
flicted with ennui and the other batted
better than it knows how. The only
feature was the batting of the entire
Portland team except Van Buren.
Spies, who played first base in place of
Dillon, was also very strong with the
stick. Score:
LOS ANGELES SCENE
OF BECOED BREAKING
Poor Fielding and Good Batting on
Chutes Park Diamond Cause
Surprise.
The Corona, which reached^port late
Thursday night from Eureka, was more
than 12 hours late. She used all her
regular supply of coal and had burned
30 of her 60 tons of. reserve fuel before
she passed in through the Golden Gate.
Seas swept her decks and the staunch
little coaster had all she could do to
keep moving against the force of the
tempest.
The steam schooner Del Norte, which
usually comes from Crescent City In
S3 hours, arrived yesterday after 56
hours cf hard -battlinc with the ele
ments. During one stretch of 24 hours
she made only 15 miles headway. Al
though the wind piped freshly in the
harbor yesterday and at times kicked
up quite a boisterous sea, no damage
resulted to tbe shipping, as those in
charge had made good use of the ample
warning given by the United States
weather bureau.
The southeaster which has been
rollicking down the coast for several
days and which yesterday swept past
Point Reyes at the rate of 49 miles an
hour, has been giving coasting craft
a bard battle. No serious damage has
been reported, but recent arrivals from
the north all tell of high winds and
heavy head seas which made progress
slow and traveling a discomfort. '
Movements of Steamers.
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of. the lower low waters.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in Charge.
Wise Is the man who doesn't sign his
name to a friend's note or his own love
letters. '
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S CORONA. WHICH HAD A HARD TUSSLE WITH THE SOUTHEASTER
ON HER LAST TRIP FROM EUREKA, REACHING PORT WITH ONLY THIRTY TONS OF COAL IN HER
BUNKERS. .
Bed hangings are again In fashion.
The daintiest and lightest of colorings
are used for them, from white madras
nets, tambour muslins, soft Indian silk,
to brocades in all their exquisite pastel
shades. There are also the esthetic and
quaint colorings, both of design and
dye, or the more conventional patterns
that will ever retain a meed of popular
ity. The textures for the hangings are
beautiful. Tambour sets are delightful
with draperies of the same. The French
white work is exceedingly decorative,
with curtains of a much thinner ma
terial. Japanese fabrics are always
popular and can be had in pure white
with a knotted fringe or in tan or tea
colored silk edged with lace of the same
shade. Bedspreads and pillow shams
of lace over colored linings tone with
the hangings. Spreads of old hand
woven linen with borders of antique
lace are being used again by those who
are fortunate to possess them. Many
shops are showing entire spreads of
renaissance and Marie Antoinette lace,
which go so well with the flowered
chintzes. But these are costly. There
are countless other pretty and inexpen
sive designs to be seen, however. — Lon
don Express.
Bid Hangings in Vogue.
At the regular meeting of the Building
Trades Council of San Francisco held last
Thursday the following resolution was
adopted by a rising vote of 62 for and 6
against:
That it Is the sense of this council that the
statements published by the Varnishers' and
Polishers' Union and Painters" Union No. 19
In the press on November 17 and November
19 respectively, are malicious, misleading and
faise in every particular and calculated to dis
credit and injure this council, and criticizes
Its president. P. H. McCarthy, -whose life has
been devoted to organized labor. That said
statements are a direct and unwarranted In
sult to this council. That the secretary be
and he is hereby directed to communicate this
actiorX to the eald unions. Inarming them
that further Injury to the council will be dealt
with in accordance with the constitution of
the Building Trades Council.
Sutro's Baths will be the scene of the
all day performance in aid of the Ac
tors' Union to-morrow. An excellent
programme has been arranged for the
occasion.
Robert Laurin and W. M. Page, offi
cers of the Painters' Union, deny that
the painters of this city are' going to
strike for $4 a day.
The Bartender^' League has disclaim
ed any connection with the ball adver
tised by the Bartenders' Social Club for
November 28 at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Ed Rosenberg, ex-secretary of the
Labor Council, has received the unani
mous vote of the Sailors' Union as dele
gate to the Labor Council, vice An
drew Furuseth, resigned.
President. P. J. < Crowley. P. W. Buckley,
W. P. Delaney. R. I. Wisler; vice president,
J. T. Monaghan; recording secretary. L. L.
Gutnmon; financial secretary. H. P. Healy, C.
AV. 1 Meyer; treasurer. F. Minedew; conductor,
A. A. Hogerdoon. J. E. Hooper; trustee, A.
Headman; auditing committee. \V. J. McCon
nell. L. Gelssberper. T. Trieber: business agent.
\V. R. Hagerty; delegates to the Labor Coun
cil. R. I. Wisler. P. J. Crowley. M. A. La-
Polnte J. A. Kelly. VV. P. Delany. T. B. Han.
bridge W, R. Hagerty. C. Welberg; delegates
to Iron Trades Council, W. R. Hagerty. J. A.
Kelly. J. Mendia.
• The Teamsters' Union, through its
officers, filed a protest with the Labor
Council last night urging that body to
enter an objection with the Board of
Supervisors against granting the right
to erect a spur railway track from the
Belt railroad line on the city front into
a warehouse at Filbert and Sansome
streets. The protest of the Teamsters'
Union Is based on the claim that if
this sour track is constructed over 100
men will be thrown out of employment.
Lodge No. 68, International Associa
tion of Machinists, has made the fol
lowing nominations for officers of the
association for the ensuing six months:
The Indians are coming to California
to play the Perris Indians at. Riverside
on Thanksgiving day. To p!ay two or
three games would suit them better
than or.Iy one and so they are willing
to come north if the terms suit them.
If the negotiations do go through the
Indians will meet an All-California
team, drawn from California and Stan
ford universities and the Reliance
eleven. The personnel of that eleven
has not yet been given any thought,
but it is presumed that ihe universities
and club will be about equally repre
sented. It will take some time to get
such an eleven into shape, so that it
Is unlikely the game will be played be
fore Christmas or New Tears.
The Carlisle team this year is almost
as strong as the famous '93 eleven of
that school. It only lost to Harvard
by a sccre of 11 to 12 and it defeated
the Pennsylvania University b> a large
score.
The preliminary surveys for the pro
posed new football field on the Hille
g-ass tract, opposite Hearst Hall, have
been begun and a report as to the feas
ibility of a plan for building the
grounds will soon be submitted to the
executive committee of the Associated
Students. The plans for trie new field, ,
as outlined by Architect John Galen
Howard, call for the excavation of an :
area large enough for the field and sur- <
rounded by an embankment fifty feet
high. This will be done at .-in expense
of some five or six thousand dollars.
It has not yet been decided upon, but
is more than likely to meet with the
approval of the university authorities.
There is a very good chance that foot
ball enthusiasts will see the Carlisle
Indians play in Northern California
this winter. Negotiations have been
going on between the Indians and
"Pete" Smith, manager of th<> Reliance
team, for the last two weeks and the
prospects are bright for an agreement
to play a game either on Christmas or
New Year's day.
Berkeley Office Saa Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Xov. 20.
BOSTON, Nov. 20.— Samuel Gompers
will be opposed for the presidency of
the American Federation of Labor
when that organization elects officers
to-morrow. The socialist element in
the convention held caucuses during
the noon recess to-day and decided to
name Delegate Ernest Kreft of the
Philadelphia Typographical Union as
a candidate for the presidency of the
federation.
The/eature of the proceedings to-day,
the eleventh day of the convention, was
the acceptance of the report of the
committee on executive councils
on the Brewery "Workers' trouble. The
committee's report recommended that
the Cincinnati agreement, so-called, be
reaffirmed and this was done. ./;V :
All - California Team May
Meet Them During
the Holidays.
Socialists Will Name Ernest
Kreft . of Typograph
ical Union.
Philadelphia Man Seeke
Presidency of Labor
Federation.
"Peta" Smith Negotiat
ing With the In
dian Kickers.
COMPERS WILL
HAVE A RIVAL
TALK OF PLAYING
CARLISLE ELEVEN
THE SAN FE ANCISCO . CALL, SATURDAY, KOYEMBBR ' 21, 1903.
Steamship Corona Has Hard Tussle to Make Port and Arrives
With Only Thirty Tons of Coal in Her Bunkers™ Del Norte,
in 24 Hours' Steaming at Full Speed,- Travels but IS' Miles
SOUTHEASTER ROLLICKS AT A LIVELY
GAIT AND SHAKES UP COASTING CRAFT
Board of Suparvisors to Be
Asked to Refuse "
Permit.
Claims Building of Spur
Will Throw Men
Out of Work.
UNION PROTESTS
AGAINST TRACK
12
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
S CALIFORNIA 1
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
| Leaves Mondays and Thursdays S
H at 9:30 a. m., through In 8 days* |
H with diner and all trappings. a
Other Bants Fe Trains:
V™ ?' S' I '<" Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield*
• : 00 J.' Si ) Merced » Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. tor Stockton.
8:00 p. ra. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot, S. 7. Also 111) Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCU ANU NU8TH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. V.,
Tionron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BATAXL. •
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:0O. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5-0O. 6:20. 11:30 i>. m.
SAN BAFAHL TC SAN TBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:19
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. *».
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 0:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destina- j Sun- t Week
Days. I days. | tion. ( days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00a 9:10 a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10p 6:00p 7:35 p|
7:30 a 9:10a! 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:4Oal0:20a
3:30p 9:30a Petaluma 6:05p 6:20p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ' 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyszrvllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a) 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| WUllta. |7:S5p|6:20p
7:30 a) 8:00 a! . 110:40 a|10:20"a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p[ Guernevllle. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30a] 8:00a| Sonoma. I 9:10a| S:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| ' Sebastopol. I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qucntin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter* Valley. John Day' a. Riverside. Llerly's.
Buckneir s. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
een*s. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. ' <
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
e ¦^ av j- TJ»Sia»ata?«rr7 Arrive^
SanFrandaco Foot of lUrkit &. San Francisco
Week Snn- - • " TO - Sun- I Week
I**±- da y» JtSsmEtK for* Days.
T, l: !l A *2 : 22 A &£«£&&& 13:OftP 107401
5:15plO:OO A wSkxSSf >:50f S:5Op
" : ?? A \S§<$3^ 4:fl0 ' > 9:50 '
l:45p VUBjr 5:8Op
-3:15* T:5Op .»._>.
*Cmaiet yia itig* &r * Mpom ta« TBlry Of
""¦" j 626 Markkt ST.,(North Shore Railroad/
O'«C J3 ( and Savsauto Fiuy, Foot MirVrt Sb
THANKSGIVING OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE .BUSQEAB.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story You EverHeard
of in the
NEXT. SUNDAY CALL.
_ BAH/WAY TBAVEL. . Vi
The North Western*
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities tor. »n f
economical *adsans6ctory journey to <
; ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
. Personally conducted parties leave
i San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
; Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
| Choice of routes. j
For full tnformatloa apply to or address -
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH. '
Cenertt A^ent, Ceal Agent Pm'i Depfc.
Chieasro 4 North- Western Rjr. Union P»eloc R. R. j
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. »
'southern pacific
> Ynim Usv« mill are du» t» arrive tit
SAX KUAN CISCO.
I (Main Line. Foot of Market Street >
J t»»T« — y»OM OcrOBKBJl. VMS. — AKSITI
j 7.00*. Benlcta. Sulsun. iSlmlrm aud Sacra- "
i mento 7.25i»
: 7.00a VacaTllle. Winters. Bum»ey 7&ar
; 7.30a Martinez. San Kainon. Vallejo,
I Kapa. Callstoza. Santa Roaa B-25?
I 7.30a Nlles, LlTermore, Tracy, Lat&rop.
I 6tockron 7-25?
8.00a DaTla. Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
Muryfvllle. Oro»U)e 7.85r>
> 00a Atlantic Expres»— Ogflen »nd Ra»t. 10.2s*
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocb. By-
ron.Tracy.Stocktoo.Sacramentoi.
Xt-wman. Los Uanos, Mendota.
Anaona. Lemoore, lianford.
i Vlsalla. PorterYllle 4.2S*
I B 30* Port Coma. Martinez, Tracy. Latn-
I rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gosnen Junction. Lemoore, Han-
ford. VUalla. Bakersncld 4 55?
8.3Ca Shasta Express — Davts. Wtlltame
' (for Eartlett 6prln<r,s). Willows,
tFruto. U«d Bluff, Portland 7-55P
8.30a Klles. Saa Jose. LlTermore, Stocfc-
ton.Ione.8acraraento,l*lacer»me.
: MarysTllle. Cbtco. Bed Bluff 4.23*
> 8 -30a Oakdale. Cntnese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolnmne and Angels Z?5 F
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations ,S2? P
1000a VsJieJo ...„..„ 12.25?
10.00* *
Tort corta. Martrnr*. Byron. »
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton, J
Merced. ICaymond. Fresno, llanr "^
ford. Vlsalla. Baker»n«ld. Loa
Angeles <We»tr
bound arrrres rta Coast Line)... *l-35?
1000a The Overland Limited — Of den,
DenTer. Oin»b», Chicago §*5 F
12.00k Haywarri. Ntles and Way Stations. 3.Z3*
tl 00f Sacramento JttTer Steamers tl 1.00*
3 30r Benlcta. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Kntfchta Landing.
MarysvUle. OroTllle and way „„„
stations 1 25| 4
330? Hsvward. NHes and Way Stations.. 7 55?
3. 30>* fort Costa, Martinez. Byrun,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Coita 12-23*
3 30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lo.U... 102Sa
4.00* Mirttnez.SanlUmon.VaneJo.Kapa,
Callntoga. Santa liosa 925a
4 CO* Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25?
<30* Dayward. Klles, IrTlngton. San » t8.55A
Jose. LtTermore I *1 1.55*
600* Tbe Owl Limited— Newman. Los
lianos. Mendota. Fresno. Talarew
Bakersfleld. Loa Angele* ........ 8.55*
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton. ...... 12-25*
1 6 50r llayward. Vlies and San Jose ..... 7.25a
6 00? Hcyward. Nlles and San Jos*. 10 25*
6-COr Oriental Mall— Oplen. DenTer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
Km i. Port Coata, Benlcla. Sul-
san. E'mlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn. Colfaz.
Truckee. Boca. Reno, Wads>
worth, Wlnnemncea, Baul*
Mountain. Elko 4-23*
6.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » .„
7.00r Vallejo, Sunday only f ' 09r
7.00* ban Pablo, Port Costa, Martinet
and Way Stations. 11.25a
CCS* Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marytrllle. Beddlnc
Portland. Paget Sound and Eoat. 8.69a
9.10* Hayward. Nllea and Saa Jose (Sua>
dayonly) 11-SS*.
COAST LINE (Mrriw u»»ji).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15* Newark. Centerrille. San Joss.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations.... 5-53*
12.15* Newark, CentenrUle. San Jose, -^sj
Kew Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton,
Bouidcr Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10 55*
4 15* Newark. San Jo«e, Los Oatos and
¦ . way stations t8.55*.
.19 30* Hunters Trr.ln. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Los Gatoa .... XT 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN t I'.A.S CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sl!a*>
-t7:13 »:C0 11:00 Ajl. 1.00 300 5.15 7.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:OU S:tt
tS:03 10:00 a.m. 12.00 2.00 400 r.M.
COA?T LINE <Br»ad tiaage).
jy (faint and Tuwnsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations • 3O
700a San Jose and Way Stations f.38r
8-OOa New Almaden (Toes.. Frld., only), i.IQf
8 00a CoastLJne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Eol-
lister). Pajaro. CastrorUle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Boblea.
Santa Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoe) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Lot Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTliie to and front
Monterey and Pacific Grore 10-45*
• 9.00a 8an Jose, Tres Plnos, Capltola.
SantaCruz,PaclflcOroTe.SaItnaa,
. •¦' f San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Station 4.10*
10.30a San Jose tod Way Station* I.ZOr
1140a fianta Clars, San Jote, Lot Gatot
and Way Stations 7.30*
1-30r San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
3.00* Pacific GroTe Express— SantaClara
S*n Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacinc GroTe (connects at Santa
• Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
¦t Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
. r*j Plnos. at CastroTllle for Sallnu. 12.15*
s-iOT Gllroy Way Passenger. ......'. 110-45*
t4 45* San Jose. (tU Santa Oara) Los
Gatos, and Prtnctpal Way Sta-
.__. tlons (escept Sunday) f9 28*
10-30* eanJoseandPiinclpalWayStatlons 18-OUa
' S.COr Sunset Limited. Eastbonnd.— San
Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Los
Anceles, bemlcg. El Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
„ „ arrlTesTlaS»nJoaqnlnVan«y>... * 9-25* A
¦ ti.15* SanMateo.Beresford.Belmom.San <l
Carlos, Bedwood, Fair Oaka,
_ ,._ Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-48a
6.30* Ban. Jose and Way Stations. 8-38*
11.30? South San Francisco. MMbrae.Bor-
llngame, San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Mtnlo Park, and 1" « o Alto 9-45*
¦11.30* Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sanny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose.q...... - *9.45*
" A for Morning. I p for Afternoon.
X Sunday ou'.y. ' •
I Stops at all stations oa Snnday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
• Via Coast Lino. «r Via S»n Joaquln valley.
f^OnlT trains stopping «t Valencia St. »outhhoui)4
•»«»:10a.h..«:C0aji ..11:30 A.«.,S:M*Ji.and«:30*.x.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Deoart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00., 8:00.
?00 ™0 0O llTu) a. m-. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO »AN FRANCISCO
-Dally-S^. 6:3."07;40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 1S:VK l:*3. 2:53. 3:43. 4:43. 5:45. 6:43.
8: FROM 2l MiLE" VALLET TO SAX FRAN-
' Cl^co— Daily— 3 ¦•¦?5. «:35. 7:52. 8:53. »:55.
H-'O a m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7 06 »:00. 10:-» P- m.
1 " THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. ru. week days — Cazadero and way
¦tatlons.
5:15 p. rn. week days (Saturdays excepted.) —
Tomalea and way stations.
¦ 3:15 p- ra. Saturdays — Cazadero and way ata-
tlona. , j
Sundays cnly — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
•tatlons.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market »t.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market rt.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year ;Wool rules dull at previous prices. Hops
are steady and unchanged, and there Is noth
ing new In the. Hide situation.
' HIDES vAND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations.' Heavy salted
Steers. «c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides,
7?4c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags, 6c;
Ealted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOViOlle; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@3Oc each;
short ¦ Wool. 40®6Oc each; medium. 70990c;
long Wool. $lffil 60 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for Ura-e and ?2ff2 50 for medium. $1 23
®1 75 for small and. 60c ¦ for Colts; Horss
Hides' dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50. for me
dium, $1@1 26 for. small 'and BOc for. Colts.
Buck Skins — Drv Mexican, 32c; "dry ealted
Mexican. 25e; dry Central American. 32c- Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c : large and smooth.
50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
; TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No
t,' 4c: grease. - 2^®3c.
WOOL — Fall dip — San Joaquin Lambs'. OO
Hides, Wool, Tallozv- and Hops,
'The only thing new in this market Is an im
proved tone to Pinks, which are meeting with
some demand. The other descriptions continue
dull and more or less weak,
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 40; Pea, $3®3 25;
Butters." $3 25: small White, $2 7533; large
White ' $2 35(ff2 60- Pink. $2 40@2 60; Red.
$303 25* Lima. *2 75®2 95; Red Kidneys.
$4^5; Blackeye. $2 15@2 35 p«r ctl; Horsa
Beans $1 f>0@2. ' ' •
SEEPS— Brown Mustard, $3; -Yellow Mus
tard $2 6502 S5; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
6fi5',*c for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll©14c: Rape.
j£@2Uc; Timothy, C^Hc; Hemp, 3K@3Hc
per lti? Millet. 3®3tte: Broom Corn Seed. $20®
" 3 D^IED n pEAS— Green, $1 80®2 per ctl., ,
Beans, and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato* market was qulte^active and had
a firmer tone. \ Salinas and Oregon Burbanks
continued to meet with a steady local demand
and stocks were closely cleaned up. Receipts
of, river Burhanks were light and prices ranged
higher under brisk ¦ buying by speculators.
River Reds were in demand for seed purposes
CHICAGO. Nov. 20. — The demand for De
cember wheat from short interests was ex
tremely urgent owing to critical situations in
the Northwest, and with but small offerings,
the market ruled strong throughout the en
tire day. The sentiment was bullish from the
etart. higher cables and small receipts In the
Northwest being Incentives that brought out
a rood demand with the opening sales. De
cember was a shade lower to a shade higher
at 70c to 79VsC, but with active buying by
shorts and the local traders the price advanced'
rapidly. On the advance there was selling to
secure profits and some sales for short account
which resulted in the market easing off slight
ly at times, althoufh the tendency was con
stantly toward a higher level. The report Of
a big decrease in the stock at Duluth. for the
week .was an added cause of anxiety to thn
shorts, who are beginning to fear .they w411
experience considerable difficulty in securing
wheat to apply on December contracts. . A
private estimate showing, a greatly reduced
crop in the Northwest was also a bull factor.
The strength in December helped May, but
that month did not show as much advance as
the nearby delivery. After selling up to 80Hc
December closed l%o higher at SO»4@8OV4c
Corn for December delivery was especially
strong, owing to a scarcity of offerlnieB, while
at the same time there was a good demand
from cherts throughout the day. December
closed Hi@l7»c higher at 43%®43HC : > -
Oats advanced shsraly on buying by a lead
ins bull, which was accomplished by large
Chicago Grain Market.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24 50@25
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26<Sf26 50:
Jobbing, $27@27 50;. Cocoanut Cake, $21(32:.':
Com Meal. $30031 : Cracked Corn, $30 SO®
81 50; Mixed Feed. $22 50(323 50; Horse Beans.
$30@40 per ton.
HAT— Wheat. $14@1C SO; Wheat and Oat,
$13 50016 00; Oat. $13@15; Wild Oat. HI IOQ
13 60; Barley. $U«13; Stock. .$10911; Alfalfa.
$10012 60 per .ton.
STRAW— 40®65c per bale.
SHORTS — $20«21 per ton.
¦ The rain continues to stop all trading In
Hay, and Feedstuff s are quiet, hence the mar
kets are dull all around at the moment.
BRAN— $20021 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2<J©2S per. ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4000 Including 400 Western. Steady. Good
to prime steers. $5 10® 5 50; poor to medium,
$:; 50S4 W>; stockers and feeders. $2@4 15;
cows $1 60®4 25; heifers. $2@4 60; canners.
$1 5C%2 40; bulls. $2@4 35; calves. $2 50@7 25;
Texa* fed steers, $2 75«3 6O; Western steers,
3 HOGS— Receipts to-day, 26.000; to-morrow.
J^OOO- 6c lower. Mixed and butchers. $4 60
©i 77%: good to chttlce heavy. $4 C0S14 70;
rough lieavy $4 3504 65; light, $4 456>4 C6;
bulk of sales. $4 6504 65.
SHEEP— Recetpte. 10.000. Sheep and lamba,
rteady Good to choice wethers, $3 «0®4 25;
fnlr to • choice mixed. $2 75?J3 75: Western
sheep, $2 75@4; #tlve lambs, $3 i5@5 50;
Western lambs. $3$5 75. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Board —
C Alaska Packers' Ass'n 147 00
10 Alaska Packers' Ass'n 146 OO
5 Cal. Wine Ass'n, «90 94 00
20 Mutual Savings Bank. s. 20. ...100 CO
75 S. F. Gas and Electric Co.... 6S 75
10 8. F. Gas & Electric Co 68 S71£
ftO Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
$5 000 S. P. Of Arizona (1909) 107 62%
$4000 S. P. of Arltona (1009) 107 73
Street—
$10,000 S. P. of C. 6s (1012) 114 87^
$10.000 8. V. 09 T. 108 23
Afternoon Se«sl*n.
Board —
$3 000 Cal. O«n. Gas & Elec, 5s 106 00
50 Honokaa 13 00
20 Makaweli 23 75
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal. 5s 114 tCH
• 2CO Paauhau S. P. Co 15 00
60 S. F. Has ti Elec. Co .1... 6ft 00
60 S. F. Gas it Elec. Co ea 1214
15 Spring Valley Water Co 39 75 -
25 Spring Valley Water Co. ....... 40 OO
' 163 Spring Valley Water Co 3D 87%
Mornln: Session.
Alaska Pack'.145 — Oceanic S C. — 6
Cal Fruit Co. 02 03 Pac A F A. 4 .,.8
Cal Wine As. 90 Ol'i Pac C Borx.167 —
MISCELLANEOUS,
Hana P Co.. — 80c Kllauea 8 C. — 6
Hawaiian C 43 45 Makaweli C 23% —
Honokaa S C 12*4 13U Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch S P C 10 lO'/g Paauhau S C 14% 15&
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..80 85 Mer Trust ..230 —
Bank of Cal.451 460 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152& S F Nation!. — {—"£,
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & t, So. 05 100
Hum S & L» — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav.. — 110 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio .... 39 H —
Geary — 60 J
POWDER.
Giant 65 68 /Vlgorlt — 4%
/.-.:>< ' SUGAR^SV"'
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50<S>4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 9O@4 20 per bbl for
Family and S3 0004 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. »7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4,5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina,\$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats V bbls. $7 2S@S 60; In sacks, $0 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley, ftt: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
COTTOLENE-^-One half barrel, 0%c; three
half barrels, 9Hc; one tierce, OV»c; two tierces,
6c; five ilercea, H','*c per lb. j
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium. 14^c for light.
15V4e for extra light, 18&c for sugar-cured
and 20©21V4c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Kama, 144c; California Hams,
13 %c; Mess Beef. <H 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12®12 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, SIS;
extra clear. 924; Metis, 910: Dry Salted Pork.
12e; Pig Pork, $28; Figs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 10c per lb." • "
' LARD — Tierces quoted ,at 7>Jc per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
9VJe; 10-lb tins, 894c; 5-lb'tins, 9%c; S-lb tins.
10c. .
Chicago was somewhat higher, with a good
cash demand and a steadier market. It was
reported that large export sales have been
mf.de at Milwaukee lately. .
This market continued Inactive and feature
less.
Provisions.
MONEY— Comb, ll<S13o for white and 0©10c
for amber; water white extracted, 5@3>4c; light
amber extracted, 4Vs@5c; dark, 3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27©2«c per lb.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
6%c per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 614c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%e: do floated. 4*4c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4Vjc; Thompson's. Seedless.
BV4c. London Layers— -2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 0-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, i
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 6%c; Valencia
Cured. 4H*: Paciflc do. 3%c; Oriental do. 2*4c.
Seedo.1 Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy, -So per
lb; choice. 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy, G%c;
choice, 6%c; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 77ic
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13»4@14c;
No. 2, llH@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13%c;
No. 2, ll@llHc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%c for I X L. lOHc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for I^anguedoc; Peanuts, C@7c for 'East
ern; Pecans, lliiK'.c; Cocoanuts, $4 50Q3; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb.
Raisins are extremely dull. The demand
has almost* ceased and over hatf the crop re
mains unsold. Present indications are that un.
lees the market improves there will be a heavy
carryover. It is said by officers of the asso
ciation that sales to date are 10,000 .tons less
than the board of directors had figured on.
Fruits are also dull, with quotations easy.
, FRUIT— Apricjts, 7^8%c for Royals and 0@
lie for Moorparlfs; Evaporated Apples, 4@5^ic;
sun-dried, ' 3 v$ @4c ; Peaches, 4V4@ttV4c; Peare,
6@10c; Nectarines, 4g5*4c; Figs, white, 4@4%c
in boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted, 0§'.»c per
pound, '
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2>«J2Hc for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues rather easy with prime fruit for future
delivery of day around 6®Sc. Common, 5H6>
6*;c; cholc*. e@6>4c; fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Are rather more aotlt* and ruled
about steady at a Slightly lower range from
2/ A^klCOTS-^Qufet; choice. 9U©fl%c; extra
choice. 10«10V4c; fancy. HSlSc.
PEACHES— Quiet; choice. 7>i®7%c; extra
choice. 7?46SUc; fancy. 0H@10Vic
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW- YORK. Nov. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,500 barrels; exports. 13,500 barrels.' Sales
15.eOO packages. Fairly active and held
higher.
WHEAT— Receipts, 46.B00 bushels; . ex
ports. 22,600 bushels. Sales, 1.870.0CO bushels
for futures. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 87%e fle
vator; No. 2 red, SS%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 90%c f. o. b. afloat. There
was a strong bull movement in wheat to-day
on light Northwest receipts, general covering
and bull support. December closed %@>%o
net higher. No. 2 red. May, 82 ll-ie@83«ic,
closed 63%c; July clewed SOc; December, 87V*
@$7%e. closed 87 %C.
x j(*irtc c »r ¦» A v
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice, 6c;
mild steady. Cordova, 7*i@7>4c. Futures
closed steady at a net decline of 5®10 points.
Total ealee. 56,600 bags. Including : Decem
ber 5.40©5.43c; January, 6.50c; March. 6.55
©5.85c; May. 5.85c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; renned,»steady. ¦
New York Grain and Produce.
Nciv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20. — Prices of stocks re
ceived a setback to-day after a further moder
ate upward movement during the early hours
ai the session. A plausible reason for the
reaction wa* a flurry in tall money rates,
which ran up to S per cent late in the day,
<«iusins an apprehension that to-morrow's
Ij&nk statement might reveal tome unfajiorable
development*- So far es the currency move- |
meet cf the week is concerned there Js nothing !
to show an important lo*s of strength by the j
banks, the apparent decrease in cash being
ilrr.ired to a *ew hundred thousand dollars. I
Tfcs loss by transfers through the Bub-trtasury
end on sub-treasury operations piupet uere
almost ctfset by the receipts of n-w gold, in-
Oudln? fcreiaTi sold imported, and a small
gain on the direct Interior movement. The
last named \ras but a trace, but is regarded
ec hlelfty significant in view of the turn in
the currency indicated. The dubious point of
to-nioricw'6 bar.k statement is the loan Item.
There »as some lar^e callinr of loans to-day
by scverai 01 the Kr«;at banks, which necesal- 1
tated thi chiftlmc of leans and caused the rice I
in the money rate lo 8 per cent. The pur- j
l-os« of this call or leans was explained somc
v.hat vaguely as due to eyndiccte requlre
lutr.ia, iccludlr.ft- the United States Steel
»i • . i- oonv*reioa synalcatc. The call loan rato
r»n off to 5 pat cer.t s^aln before the close.
The crhuaratine effect upon the stock specu
lation <.f yrsterday's announcement that the
sarngtote conversion c! 1,'nlted States Steel
rre'errcd stock into second bonds would be
disciintinucd. was still manifested this morn
in«. but It t\*-T.i its force in the course cr the
day. OiAnl^j trcnsactior.s in United States
fctce! prtTenxd «.nj In the bonds were on an
enormous scale. The bencs were at one time
2 points above ia«t nicht, but closed with on!y
talf a no.r.t gain. Ur.tted States Steel pre-
CCncd Jell as low as IV uncitr last night, and
.•rade a net loci of a point. The silence In the
formal Statement of tlie • 1 »:.-.k of operations
of the tjracicait en certain points left a busy
Held for conjecture, notably ea to the actual
i.oiainss of the bends remaining In the hands
if the eyndicaf to be marketed. The good
f-frect of yesterdays ounces* ion in freight rates
riy thv rallroa.dK was partly offset by contin
ual unfavorable forwa.!>ts for the trade. South
? rn Pari'c cerne Into the foremcet place in
Bpecdathrit attcnUcn ci:d was lifted an ex
irtnse 2Vi oolnts. There was no news to ex
piain this mwement beyor.d the general mjp
jioeitlon that the prc*« nt rate cf extraordlnar>'
evpcndltarim wit cr earr.iTirs will rxt be In
<iffinitely continued, and that extensive rt>
rundlnftoT r.isli rate boa'is Is an early r>ot
t-:ii::l>. The rtrcLSTth cf this etcck was takru
advecvoge cf to realize cUtT.ht-re. and Ulerc
was more cr less *u»jiicion that tta rire was
manipulated to help the profit-taker*. Thi
mnrkc-t ciosc-d dull and rather heavy.
The bond market became sorrer. hat irregular
in rrr. pathy with Lhe reaction in stocks. Total
*ale* U-ar value). $4.177.tO0.
United Ftate« twos decline *£ per cent on
l+.e list call.
JfEW VORX STOCK LIFT.
Stork— Sales, inch. Low. Close.
Atchs^n 21,*» tZ% M% C4'4
Atct!*oa cfu 000 00 u 09 tfj^ 4
UaiUmorc & Chin. »,GtjO 7C" H 75'i "!U%
ilt.ll & Ohio pfd.. 100 87?, &% t>7
<-a:.^CiSii I'acirtc... I.UCO 11« llS(g J1SU
«>ntra» of N •>•-¦• I" 0 1 5!J IM 154
ffces & Ohio J.300 7^ SOU 30
chlcapo & AH^n... 1.U00 32 SO'.j :JO»4
Ohio A Alt pid — :wo ««% ca co
Chgo & G Wcrtf-rn. S.'.HW 3i T s 15% 15 14
C & G VI', a pfd.. 300 27"J 27% 2C«,i
<*hgo & Nothrv.!.tn. I.feOO ltXivfc 1C5% 1C5%4
cyisu Terrr. & Trn fcij <
<•«!.«> r <t T pfJ... S00 15U 16«i IS
CC,C&etI 100 73Vi 73'i T:\i
Colo Southern »iO 13% 13 12^
Col* So let pfd .;'„; :.:»'.« XiZ\i !C>?
Colo S5 2d p.'(J 21 \ s
I>cl & Kudw.1 UK) 157 I.V5'4 13C
lie! Lack & W 1.100 240 239?4 237
De.cvfr & HiO Gr.. COO 10'i 1»£ IU%
1i 6c It <i pfJ «"0 6S% CS «7'i
. i-ne 1<J.7oO 27»i 2ti"i 2eTii
l«tpfd Tfni UC,* t CK\ «J!t>,
i.rif -J6 vtii 2.400 4'J|i' iS' g 4«U
Orrat Northn T'W 1«JO
HfKkSliff VeJl*y 1.7OT 72*^ 70% 72Vi
Hork5r.K Val pfd... h r ><) M*, KJii B3%
Illinuli" Central s«k> ICj-j 12:«% 12a »4
Iowa <>ntrai '. rov* 1
Iowa Ontral pfd 3^'i
Ka.ic City Eoutbrn. ICO lb'.i 1SU 1$<4
(12f*n MerH'.an— Paciflc Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 20—5 p. m.
The fV<!!ow-lr!K are the eeasonal rainTaUs to
<3.ite, as corr.rared with thoF* of same <lat<
last eeatoi and rainfall fn Uft twenty-foui
hours:
Last This Lftft
F'atior.s — 24 hrmrs. Feason. Feafon.
Eureka 0.10 0.0O 13. 25
ru><l B'.nff 2. '.4 7.70 ¦ 10.08
Farramento 1.32 3.4.*> 3.«'.<
fsn Francisco 2. as 4.21 3.«tt
Fresno 0.3«» o.«V4 2.07
Itdeprndenc* fl.OO Tr»ce O.S9
Far. Luis Obiepo O.£f> 0.42 3.40
1st Arg'l*s 0.0O 0.43 2.47
fan Diego 0.00 0.05 3. 30
THE COAST RECORD.
= K s tr » t
3 5S 51 Bf *\ I
FTATIONS. I ;| =§ if- |
• c c : : g
: ? ? : : :
V.nvJ~r "f>.ii 4* 30 S Rain J^2
Ormn 3o.ir2 M 44 P Rain ."1
Kurek-* 29. KS «4 -. f=E rioudy .10
F3ra!lon :;0.<H BS f^ S Rain .29
Kro.no SO. 34 64 .1* SR- floudy -S 9
KiEBf-taff 30. 1* 5K 2S BW Clear .00
In<1.-jN'r.<}<'nre "0.26 £2 -"i4 PE Pt Cldy .00
I.-* Ansreie<«. ..'(0.16 74 5<» W Pt Ody .00
Mi T«maipa!s-3«».<ni t>2 rs> SE Rain 1.97
N>rrh Heal ..2»>2 .'2 40 E cloudy .40
Phoenix .10.10 7S 44 N flear .00
Tooat.llo .10/20 TO 22 E Cloudy .00
PortianJ 2'.».'<*'t 44 34 Nff «'lou<ly .54
Point Bcres..2».<M .V? .%4 S Rain .47
I'.»d n:uff 2H.M4 6« . r .2 FK Rain 2.34
Roswtumg 23.S* M 44 N\V Cloudy .44
S+mmevtio ..:tft. 10 5<i sk Rain 1.34
Salt Ix«k» M "2 S Clear .ftO
Fan Frarriyco.^O.CS f2 M SE Rain 2.3S
P. L Obisro.-.'JO.co «.4 r.4 S Cloudy .2<5
S-M m.^o .'10.12 74 SO N Clear .<O
Seattle 2".».04 f.2 H8 E Ooudy .2H
Hrv.kcne r:0.12 R»(" 2« XE Rain ."2
Tatr«ifb 2».7s f.4 42 E Cloudy .54
Welia \V*5la...:>».10 »4 2« P Foggy .06
V."ir.nemuoca .-'5O.12 TC 40 N Clear .00
Yun.a S0.08 SO 42 NE Clear .00
V.EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« temperature haF risen rapidly over the
•resteni hall cf the cox*ntry. although there has
heen a slight fail at Eureka durlrp the past
twelve hours.
Ha!n has fallen in perilous amounts over
Control and Northern California.
The t^ rrrrstur* h*s risen elowljr in the
rx^ramento and .'¦'an J.-«gutn valley*.
Th»- following h:jth vinds are reporteiS: Point
Reyes, 4* mile* j«r hour, from the south;
Southeast Farallon, 44 eouth. and Sacramento,
:,^ v^-jtheast.
F«irecast rr.ade at San Frar.risco fcr thirty
hour* eniling mitfn'.jcht. November 21. 19Ci3:
Nonhern California — Showers Saturday;
frrh southerly wind.
South"m Califcrnia — Fair Saturday; light
vecterly wind.
Nevada — Rain or snow Saturday.
Hsn Frarri^-o and vietr.iyt — Clo-jdy. unset
t>ei n^ather Patunlay. with occasional ehow
< t f; fresh southerly wind.
. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Contra Costa 40 42 \' t I Port CoeU.. — —
Marln Co 61 — |Sp V W Co. S9% 40
GAS AND, ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4, SF.O 4 G. 68 «9%
Mutual E L. 9% — S F Gas L. 3 —
Pac G Im.. 65 65% Stkn O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% — U G 4 E... — —
Sac E G&n. — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.. CH —
• INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.320 — "
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.] Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...H0%lll% 4s q r cp new.l34mS5^i
4s qr reg llO%lllV4l3s qr coup...l07%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Do 5s 1CS%100U
Bay CPC 5s. — 103%: Do con 5s. — 105 '
Cal C G 5s.. 105% — O W G 5s. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic 8 5s. — 75
Cal-st. 5s — — OcCR 6s... 120 123
m & ct 5s. — 102% Pac O Im 4s — 87
C C Wat 6s. — 100 P E Ry 5s.lC6%lC8
E L & P 6s.l20 — P ft C H 6s. — —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P A O R 6s.ll6%120
Geary-st 5s. 45 90 Powell-st 6e.ll3% —
If CAS 5%s.l01 — S E G&R 5«. — 100%
H C & S 5s. — 100 SF & SJVos.116%117
Hon R T 6alO4%lCH> S R of C fls.112% — •
L A Elec 5s.lO4%105V. S P of A to
Ii A Ry 5s.. 112 113V« (19C0) ....107%lCS
LALCo 6». — — (1910) ....108H1CS&
Do gtd 6s. — — S P cf C €s
Do gtd 5s. — 104 (19C5)Sr A.102%103U
LAP lem 68.100 — <1905)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-st C 6s.llS — (1906) .... — 105
Do lem 5s. — 114 (1912) 114%114%
NRR of C6s. — — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s ....114% — Do stmpd — 107
N P C R 6s. — 157 S P B R 6s.- — 134
NCR 6S...109 — S V W 6s..l05%106%
NCPC6s. — — Do 4s 4dm. 9S% 90%
N S R R 5s. — 95 Do 4s 3dm. 97% 8»
O G L H 5».1O7 — IStkn G&E fls — 102%
O T Co 6S..116U118 |U O &. E 5s. — —
WATER 8TOCKS.
FRIDAY. Nov. 20—2 p. m
Stock and Bond Exchange.
2 p. m. Session.
. No sales. • ¦
OATS — Are easy at" the decline mentioned
yesterday, though feed shows more weakness
than seed descriptions. .
White. $1 20©l 30; Black. $1 40®l 60; RevJ,
$1 10@l 22% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray, nominal; none here.
CORN — Che market continues flat and unin
teresting. The demand Is poor and the ten
dency Is toward lower quotations.
Western sacked. $1 27%@1 30 for Yellow,
$1 30 for White and $1 25@1 27% for mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 80®l 35; sman
round do, $1 40@l 60; White. $1 25@1 30 per
ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 60 per ctl.
Feed. $1 11M@1 13%; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 17%@1 22%; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES. •-*
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 09 $1 0(»% $1 09 $1 09-%
May 1 0«% 1 07% . 1 06% 1 07%
CASH BARLEY.
Open. - High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 35U $1 35% $1 35?i $1 35%
BARLEY — Everybody expected a weak mar
ket yesterday, owingr to the rain, but to the
general surprise the tone was very fitm and
futures advanced. The only assignable cause
was the filling of shorts. The quotations for
cash grain remained about the same but
$1 12% was the ruling price for Feed. '
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 34% $1 35V4 $1 34% Si 85}i
May 132% 133% 132% 1334
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:80 a. m,
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian. SI 5OS1 55; Northern Club. $1 40®
1 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50S1 55; Oregon
Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
WHEAT— There was nothing new from
abroad. Bradstreet's gave the exports for the
week. Flour Included, at 2,974.000 bushels,
which is under the normal.* Northwestern
news was strong. Flour sales were heavy,
both at Minneapolis and in the country.
There was nothing new in this market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, etxty days.... — $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 84%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars .....V..''; — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
On 'the Stock and Bond Exchange. Spring
Valley Water advanced to $40 and Alaska
Packers sold lower at $1479146. These were
the only changes worthy of note. Business
was fair. The oil stocks were neglected, as
usual.
Ex-dlvidonds yesterday: Monte Crlsto Oil. lc;
California Powder Company, regular monthly.
50c per share, amounting to $15,000; California
Fruit Cannera" Association, regular monthly.
60c per share, amounting to $17,109 CO.
The A. & G. Oil Company of Bakersfield has
levied an assessment of 2 mills per share de
linquent December 21; California Combined Oil
Companies of Oakland has levied an assess
ment of 3c. delinquent December 3.
President Dlngee of the Contra Costa Water
Company says that as yet the negotiations for
the sale of the bends of this company have
not been consummated.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. $2@"
3 50 per box; Navele. $2^3 60; Seedlings. $2®
2 25; Lemons. $1®2 50 per box; .Grape Fruit,
$1 5O®2 50; Mexican Limes, $4@5; Bananas.
$1 25@1 75 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2 50
@3 for Central American; Pineapples, $2^2 50
per dozen.
GRAPES — M®60c for small . boxes. 50®S5c
for crates and $1@1 50 for large open
boxes.'
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $11311 50; Jer
seys. fl0@10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 5003
per box.
APPLES — Fancy Spitienbergs, $2 25 per box
for Oregon and $1 50® 1 *75 for California;
other varieties, $1@1 25 for fancy. 75@85c for
choice, and 25@50c for common; Christmas Ap
ples, $1 50@2 60.
.PEARS — $1 25@1 60 per box for fancy Win
ter. Nellis and 50<g:75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — 40060c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 75(585c for small boxes
and $1 5O@2 CO for large.
PERSIMMONS — 50©90c per box.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $5@10 per
chest; large berried. $1 6063 per chest for
Malindas and $5(S6 for other varieties.
RASPBERRIES — $5^8 per chest.
The fruit market was devoid of feature and
although receipts of"' all descriptions were
light, prices showed no improvement, as trade
was very quid owing to the* inclement
weather. Receipts of Grapes In small pack
ages were light, but carried-over stock was
abundant and sold at a lower range of prices.
Large open boxes from Martinez came to hand
too late for the regular trade, and the bulk of
the receipts had to b« held over. Receipts, of
large Strawberries, although light, proved too
much, and several chests were sold to can
ners at the minimum quotation. Raspberries
and Longworth Strawberries were In light re
ceipt and steady. The Apple market was heav
ily.supplied and rather quiet at unchanged
rates. Supplies of other tree fruits were well
•jp to requiremtnts and prices were without
quotable change.
Citrus and Tropical fruits were dull and
featureless.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qreks... 10,850 [Screenings, sks. 200
Wheat, ctls 92otSBorts. sks 200
Barleyi ctls .... S.8I0 jTallow, ctls . . . 256
Beans, sks ....'. 3.107 iPelts. number.. ISO
Potatoes, sks .. 1.32S|Hldes. number.. 995
Onions, sks .... 99.1; Raisins, bxs - .. 1,200
Bran, sks 1,065 Qnlcksllver, flsk 27
Middlings, eks.. 4UiLeather. rolls... 285
Hay, tons 20.'; Wine. gals.,....10A.40n
Straw, tons .... 5|Brandy. gal* ... 5. 700
Wool, bales .... 24 sugar, ctls .... 2.350
Feed, sks 818iUme. bbls 631
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20.
Receipts of Produce.
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS. Nov. 20.— Wool,- steady; med
ium grades combing and clothing. 17@21%c;
light flna. 15©17%c; heavy One. 14%c; tub
washed. 20@30c. « ' - v
Northern Business.
BEATTLEs Nov. 20.— Clearings, $690,854;
balances. $129,454.
TACOMA, Nov. 20.— Clearings, f 341,879:
balances. S88.070.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2A— Clearings, $561,510;
balances, $94,836.
SPOKANE, Nov. 20.— Clearings, $379,252;
balances; $41966.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 20.— WHEAT— Walla
WaJla, 74c; blucitem. 78c; vaJley._77@78c.
TACOMA. Nov. 20.— WirEAT— lc higher;
bluet-tern, 60c; club, 76,c
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The cotton mark«t
opened weak at a decline of 9 to 11 points
and closed easy at a net loes of 7 to 10 points.
New York I Cotton Market.
BUTTER— Creamery, 81©32%c for extras
and 26@2de for seconds; dairy, 21@25c; store
Butter. 17%@19c; cold storage, 24@2Cc; East
,ern. 23@25c per lb.
CHEESE — 12$12 %c for the general market,
13c for select mild new and H@lV%o for
lower grades; Young Americas, 13@14c; East
ern. 16%@16%c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
.. EGGS — Ranch. 62%g56c for choice and 45@
48c for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage, 28@32%c; Eastern, 26<g2Sc
for cold storage.
Ranch Eggs continue as scare* as ever, and
some dealers i are 1 selling at 65c. The heavy
handlers, however, are not generally asking
over 62 %c. because they want to keep their
floors bare In order net to get caught with a
stock on hand when the market ' turns down
ward, and- besides they want to protect their
regular customers and let them have & share
of the profits. These two interests make a
wide range In quotations, as will be seen.
Receipts were 60,700 lbs Butter, 670 I cases
E#g3 and 16,600 lbs Cheese.
There was considerably more Butter on the
market yesterday, ' and as the weather wa»
rainy and soft buyers were disposed to let the
market alone as far as possible and purchase
only to fill the day's needs. There iras no de
cline, but the market* was weak and sluggish,
and larffe stocks were lett on hand at the
close. Cheese continued weak and plentiful,
as usual.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Wheat- 1 - — Nov. Mar.-June,
Opening 20 95 20 95
cffiST.: . ! • • • • • • • •; • • — • v 20 95 20 95
CfTniag -"••• jg ?» 28 30
Closing 29 10 28 10
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— pfiy ¥»"*• M?L-
Opening « *H « *% « |%
Closing * r t» 6 *li 8 2%
PARI8.
Foreign Futures.
Weather Report.
Bar silver, steady, 27Ud per ounce. Money,
2Vi©3 per rent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 4% per cent, and
for three months' bills 3%£4 per cent.
Kans City Po pM.. 300 34 33% S3
Ixmisvl & Nsshvl. 6.400 102H 101% 101%
Manhattan Eiev... 3,000 139% 138T, 138«4
Mftr.jpolitn Ft Ry. r>.C-<X> 115% 114% 1149,
I Minn & St Louis.. 100 61 61 60
Missouri Pf.cific... 12.900 91 90 90
Mo. Kans * Tex.. 700 17H 17 16?4
Mr. Kans * T pfd. 400 36*, SB 35* 4
Nat R It Mex pfd 36%
New York Central. J.2fH> 117*4 H*H 117%
Norfolk & T.>Ftn.. 1,100 5<5% 55% SMi
Ncr Ar West pfd S3
Northern Securities 87%
Ontario & Western 1.S00 2(>%, 20^i 20^
Pennsylvania R7,7f>0 116^ 113«i 113?*
P. «\ C * St L 67
Rf-nding 2.1.000 41'4 40% 40%
I Rrafiing in pit... 100 76 7'J 75>4
Reading 2d pfd.... 100 59 59 53
Rock I.«!and Co.... 21.500 25% 2iK 24%
R Ielar.d Co pfd... 100 59% 69% 68%
Bt X. A 8 F 1st pfd 60
et L & S F 2d pfJ- 100 45 4ft 44%
Ft Iyouis Pcwestn 13%
Ft L Bowcsta pfd.. 100 31>; 31?* 31
Ft Paul 20,000 139% 133 1.H8
St Paul pfd S172>-i
Houthera Paciflc. .107.SOO 45 43% 44H
Southern Railway.. 6.000 1*»4 1«>4 18V*
Southern Hy pfd... 900 76% 75% 73Vi
Texa* 4r Pacific 1,900 23»i 2i% 23
Tol. St L & Wcet.. 100 20 20 19«i
T. St L & W pM.. 900 33% 31 *i 81%
Union Paciflc 32,600 7'i'* 72» g 72>i
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 8« 86 S6
Wabash 1.000 20 10V4 19%
Waba*h x>fd 8.000 25% 34% 34%
Wh^el & Lake Erie 600 15 14% 15
Wisconsin Central. 700 17?» 16^, 1*%
CTsseoa sin Cen pfd. 1.100 38*4 37 37
Exprees Companies —
Adams 220
American 190
United States -100
Weil*-FarKO 195
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop . 23.SOO 39*j 3«VJ 38Vi
Ampr Car & F 2.400 2O»i lf>% 19%
Amer C & F pfd... POO tS% 68 67
American Lin Oil : .... 9
Amer L Oil pfd 25
Aitur Locomotive .. 1.600 14% 13U 13%
Amer Lnco pfd .... 100 79 " 79 76
American S & Ref.. 2.1* > 44% 44% 4 4%
Amer S & R pfd 87
American Fug Kef.. 4.700 119 117»i 11«
Anaconda Min Co ftfl
Brooklyn R Transit 11,100 .1!)% 3S% 38»,
Colo Fuel & Iron... 400 30 29% 2«*J
Columbus & H Coal 200 1O* S lOli 10» 4
Consolidated Gas... l.tiOO 175«% 177 177%
General Electric ... 1.300 157% 157 1S5%
Inter Paper 300 llii 11 11
Inter Paper pfd C2
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd ; 68
National BI«ruit .. 200 36% 36'4 36
National Lead ... K 100 11*4 11*» 11
North American .. 300 72% 72 71
Parlflc Mail 23%
People's Gail *j 2,<*-00 95 93% 92%
Pressed f-tcel Car.. 1.300 29 2« 28
Pressed £ far pfd. K« 6fl% 09% C*i%
Pullman Palace Car 100 215 21.">. 210
Republic Steel 2.90O 7'» 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 6,rt00 62 40 4,'>s 4
Rubber Goods 200 14% 14% 14
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 «9% 69% 68%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. . 500 29% 2i« 2K%
U R Leather 200 7% ~,y t 7
U S Leather pf d 2W 77 77 76^
U S Rubber 8%
V S Rubber pfd 3«l'i
V S Pteel 2S.S00 12% 11% 11%
D S Steel pfd 97,500 a% 51% 51%
Western Union 200 &4Vi S4U 84
Tctal sales 023.000 shares.
UNITED RA4LROADS OF BAN FRANCISCO.
NEV.' YORK, Nov. 20— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: 1000 at
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2e reg. . .10fi>4 'L & N unit 4s.. 9SH
Do coup lrm^jManhat con g 4s.lO2%
Do 3s .re 107>,VMexican Cen 4». 71Vi
Do coup 1074! Do 1st Inc 14%
Do new 4s reg.l34V4,iMinn & S L 4s.. 67
Do couo 134HJM K & T 4e OS^
Do eld 4s r»g..llo% Do 2ds 75%
Do coup 110% |Nt of Hex ccn 4s. 75%
L>o 5s reg 101^ X Y Cen ga 3%s. ftO
Do coup 101 Vi N J Cen ren 5s.l20>,i
Atchison pen 4s. 100 Northern Pac 4s. 102
Do adjust 4*.. 86% I Do 3s 70U
Atlantic C l> 4s.. 92>i'Norf & W ccn 4s. 97
j Bait & Ohio 4s..lOO%:Or S L 4s & part. fi2
l>o U%» 95 ipenn conv 3%*.. 05 Vt
Central of Ga 3s.li).1%iReadlng gen is... 97'i
Do 1st inc «5 JKt L&I M con 5s.llO»i
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 Bt L & S F fc 4s. 82 >i
Cbi & Alton :,Uj<". 73%;Kt L & S W lsts. «3^i
C B & Q new 4s. (1.134 ! Seaboard A L 4s. 72Vi
C M&StP ren 4s.lOU 'Southern Pac 4s. as ,
C & N w con 7s.l30% Southern Ry Ss..U2%
C n I & P 4s... 72 Texas & Pae lsts.118
Do col 5s 75 Tol St L & W 4s. 71
CCC&St L gen 4s. 07 Union Pacific 48.102%
Ch! Term 4s 76% Do conv 4s 94
1 Ton Tofcarco 4s.. D3%|U S Steel 2d 6s. 70%'
Colo & South 4s. M jwabash lsts 11:5%
I I>nver t R U 4i«9 Do deb B 1X1%
trie prior i.en 4s. i(S W & L Erie 4s... 86V4
rJ^^'U 4 ' 4 ••" 84 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 00
I? I & , D C UtB 1W C F & I con 5s.. 66%
Hocking Vcl 4%e.lO5T4 '
NEW YORK MINIXG STOCKS.
Adams Con CO Ontario 6 00
A»ce U'Ophlr 12^
» rMce 10Phc^»ix 08
l.oir.«tock Tutintl.. 05 Potosi 07
CDB Cal & Va 87 ravage • " 11
tt^Th,^..-.::: S: blM dard :2^
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ( t)o pfd Ms;
Gall loans sg<j Westlnghouse .... 67
Time loans t&0 Mining—
Bonds— !Ad venture ....... 3%
Atchison 4s 83Vi'AIIouez - . 4
Mexican Cen 4«... «3 ;Amalgamated '.'.'. 38%
Railroads— .../Wy West 33%
AtchiBon 64-;i5ingham ........ 21U
Do pM .. ..... . Wt 4 calumet &. Hecla.440
Boston & Albany. 24S 'ft nter.nial 15
Bc*ton & Maine.. 170 Ifoppor Itanse "' 4TU
BosUrfi Elevated.. 14S !j.omini 3 n Coal "" 7314
N Y. N H & H...19S ilranklin 714
Kitchburg pfd ...139 jlsle Royale R14 I
Union Pacific .... 72>J jMohawk ... ' sqi' :
Mexican Central. 8ft 'Old Dominion'" nil i
Miscellaneous — Otceola' 5«
Amir Sugar 117*i 'Parrot 10S
Do pfd 119% Santa Fe Copper! IK
Amer Tel & Tel. .mii .Tamarack . 05
I Don-.lnlcn I & S.. 9% Trinity ;.-, 5
j «Jo«ieral Electric. 13% l.'nlted States . ;;i|
?!a* s K'.ectric .... 18 Utah i;i/
Do pfd 1«% Victoria . «U
i:nlted Fruit 07 Wlnona 7^
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 4<j*
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Contois. mcney.S8 9-J6iN Y Ceatral ...121 14
Do a<-ct SS%.Nor i Western.. B8U
Ansconda 3%j Do prefd m
Atchiton C7%iOntario & West. 21%
i Do prefd 9-'J Pennsylvania jtfjij.
i Palto & Ohio ... 78% Rand Mines !)&;
I <"ujiadiMn Pac ...122'i Reading 21 u
Ches &. Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd ... 3a
Chicago U XV 18li Do 2d pfd .... 30
Chi M & St P...I41V t Southern Ry .... 19
r>eBeers 20H Do prefd 70
D*nvfr & IX G... -*0>-i Fouthern Pac ... 45«i
Do rrefd O»U Union Pac ...... 74%
Crie 2S«,I Do prefd Kfl
Do Irt rf<l ¦•• «i«C S Steel 12^
Do I'd r>rd 50%! Do prefd r.5H
' liiinois Ccnir?l...i:W iWabash 20>i
litiuls & Naiji ..100U Do rreXd sou
8UGAR^ — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. B.S5e;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100-Ib bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C, 5.10c;
Golden C, 5c;. "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 23c more; boxes, SOc more; 60- lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.33c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.60c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrel* or Its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6®5%c; Can Quentln.
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32335c; Flee«* Twine. 7J4
©8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c, 6%c and 7&o for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6',4©7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 60: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $3 60; Standard. $7: Roalyn. $7; Cooe
Bay, ?5 60; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich,
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel, $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60^
13 per too in bulk and $13 In tacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47o for
raw In barrels; cases 6c more; Castor Oil. In
cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers* AA. $1 10©l 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil,, extra winter strained, barrels.
83c; cases. 00c: China Nut. 63&T0o per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels, 75c; cases.
80c; Sperm pure, 75c; Whale Oil. natural
white. 50©55c per gallon: Fish Oil. In barrels.
60c; cases. S5o; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c; Pearl Oil in cases, 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c; Extra Star. 26c: Elaine. 28c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline In bulk. 17c;
in cases. 23%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In cases.
19%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
cases, 27%c
TURPENTINE— SOc .per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITfc LEAD— Red Lead. «%«
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%©7c. according to
quantity.
General Merchandise.
The car of Western Poultry that was ex
pected had not arrived up to a-late hour, but
was reported close at hand and will probably
be marketed to-day. Domestic stock continued
firm under light receipts and owing ,-to the
jion-arrival of the car of Western. There was
a good speculative demand for live Turkeys
and prices ranged higher. Twenty-three cases
of dressed stock came In and met wlth,ready
sale at the previously quoted • rates. >Q
Changes In Game were alight.' . Receipts con
tinued liberal, but the demand - - was brisk
and the market cleaned up well. ¦ . , r>
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 21<g24» per lb;
live Turkeys. 19321c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1 75<£2; Goslings, $2©2 23: Ducks, $4 60®
5 60 per dozen for old and $5 50@6 50 for
young; Hens, $S&6 for small and $6 K0@7 50
for large- young Roosters, $6(36 60; old
Roosters, $5@5 50; Fryers, $5^5 50; Broilers.
$4g?4 50 for large and $3 50@4 for small;
Pigeons, $i@l 25 per dozen -for old and $29
2 26 for Equabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3(jT4 per doxen;
Canvasback. $4^0; Sorlg $2 60®3; Teal.
$1 50(31 75; Widgeon, $1 7&S | 2; small Ducks.
$1 50; Gray Geese. $3: White Geese, $1@1 60;
Brant, $125 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, $5 for large and $3 50 for small;
English Snipe, $3; common Snipe, $1 75; Wild
Doves, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 75<g2 for Cottontails
and $1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 23*1 50.
Poultry and- Game.
NEW YORK. Nov. 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, show* the-liank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
( November- 19, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
lnc we#k last year:
Percentage*.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,224,363.55'.) 31.0
'Chicago 178,709,025 0.1
•Boston 139,100.355
•Philadelphia .... 114.1S1.202 12.1
•St. Louis 64,448.401 6.9
Pittsburi? 37.363.117 -14.4
•San Francisco .." 33.7S2.438 .... 7.6
•Baltimore 22.042.105 11.5
Cincinnati 22,131.700 .... 9.8
•Kansas City 22,690,055 8.6
Cleveland 15.020.206 1.4 ....
•Minneapolis 20.59.1,988 0.9
•New Orleans 23,801.179 36.7
l>trolt 13,739,729 8.3
•Louisville 9.905.692 .... 1.5
Omaha 8.035.720 7.3
•Milwaukee 9,089,743 6.5
•Providence 7.00S. 000
•Buffalo 6,790,993
•.St. Paul 7.8-85.592 13.9 - ....
Indianapolis 0.43C.601 11.7 ....
Los Angeles 7.988.270 26.0
•St. Joseph 4,467.350 1.2 ....
Denver 5.492.69« 2.1 ....
Richmond 4.630,531 . 8.5 ....
Columbus 4,859.300 1.9 ....
Seattle 4,438,632 4.5
Washington 3,R33,S84 1.9 ...4
•Savannah ....... 5.3G0.963 3.6
Memphis 7,443,117 25.9 ....
Albany .: 4,304,752 10. 1
Fait Lake City .. 4.824,855 30.6 ....
•Portland. Or 3.838,127 9.0
•Toledo 3.181,265 6.6 ....
Fort Worth 4.900,459 15.1 ....
Peorla 3,223.449 2.7
Hartford 2,337.234 .... 7.9
Rochester 2.629.141 4.«
Atlanta 3,501,970 0.8
Des Molnes 2.080.223 0.7 ....
New Haven 1.627.355 6.2
Nashville 2.472,319 14.1 ....
Spokane.' Wash... 2,495,032 10.2 ....
Grand Rapids ... 2.647,203 14.7
Sioux City 1.366,173 20.7
Springfield, Mass. 1.474,123 20.2
Norfolk 2.014,810 4.0 ....
Dayton 1.727,165 15.3 ....
Tacoma 2,272,958 W.2 ....
Worcester 900,755 .... 48.2
Augusta. Ga. 1,6S9,766 .... • 23.9
Portland, Me 1,612,894 .... 2.0
Scranton 1,643.421 2.4-
Topeka 1.449,090 42.9
Syracuse 1,2»9,551 .... 6.8
Evaneville 1.383,863 22.2 ....
Wilmington. Del.. 1.251.475 0.3 ....
Birmingham 1,222,502 6.6 ¦....
Davenport 903.124 . 3.8 ....
Fall River 1.133.175 24.9 ....
Little Rock 1,644,159 4.8 ....
Knoxyille 955.857. 1.1 ....
Macori 1.00?.000 ' 5.2 ....
WIIkesba.rre f 60 1?O
Akron 748,300 22.0 ....
Springfield. IH 654.7G3 19.5
•Wheeling. W. Va. 7S3.S3S .... 1.4
Wichita 808.119 7.6 ....
Youngstown 630,854 0.8 ....
Helena • 673,405 8.4
Lexington B95.46H 2.0 ....
Chattanooga " P*«,6S>5 21.0
Lowell 090,079 11.7 ....
New Bedford .... 711.027 12.6 ....
Kalamaioo 680,908 12.5 ....
Fargo. N. D 760.756 1.5 ....
I Canton, Ohio 611,000 21.1
I Jacksonville, Fla. 763,544 09.6 ....
• Greensburg. Pa... 442,578 .... 4.0
Rockford, 111 663.860 13.2
Fpringfleld, Ohio. 416.310 1.4 ....
P.Inghamton- 45!>.70O 2i;0 ....
Chrner. Pa 455.952 21.1 ....
Bloomlngton, III.. S02.387 18.8 ....
Qulnry. Ill - 3OS.918 15.8
S'oux Falls. S. D. 32fl.64O 12.8 ....
Mansfield. Ohio .. 227.94S 0.3
Jacksonville. III.. 22S.«*W 21. « ....
Fremont, Neb.... 152.2)2*'- 20.4 ....
Decatur. Ill 203.329 8.1 ....
••Houston 21,225.508 22.4 ....
••Galveston 14,622.000 68.8 ....
Charleston 1,358.039
Guthrie 608,147-
Totals. IT. S... $2, 112.872, 192 21.4
Outside N. Y... 888.603.633 .... 2.3
CANADA.
Montreal $24,014,302 2.8
[ Toronto 15,975,057 .... 3.9
t Winnipeg 6,770.844 19.0 ....
Halifax 1.870.875 6.3
Ottawa 2,a54,180 13.0 ....
Vancouver. B.C.. 1,702.59.1 38.9
Quebec 1,7S8.ST>5 2.4
Hamilton 1.247.458 24.2 ....
St. Johns. N. B... 1.919,817 9.9
Victoria, B. C. ... S33.013 26.9
London 816,470 7.0 ....
Totals, Canada. $58,405,476 1.0
•Balances oald in cash.
"Not included In totals because containing
other Items than clearinzs.
Bank Clearings.
Xrzi' York Stock Market weaker again.
¦ Local business in Stocks and Bonds quiet.
Xot much variation in Silver or Exchange.
1 Wheat quiet, zdth higher Futures. Barley unexpectedly firm:
Oats easy. Corn weak and dull and Rye neglected.
No further change in Hay or Feedstuits.
Beans and Seeds still inactive and unchanged.
• Buffer easier under heavier, supplies. Cheese depressed.
Eggs st ill scarce and selling at fancy prices.
Raisins neglected, with half the crop unsold.
Provisions firmer and in better demand at Chicago.
Wool dull and accumulating. Hops steady and Hides quiet.
Packers again reduce their prices for Hogs.
Potatoes, Oniojis and Vegetables firm.
Poultry firm under light receipts. Game cleans up ivell:
Fruit market very quiet, owing to the rain.
Lead regained Is 3d of yesterday's loss In
linden, closing at £11 Is 3d. but remained
<;uipt and unchanged here at $4 25.
Spelter declined 2s 6d to £20 12s 6d In Lon
don, and ruled eaqy in the local market at
$5 C2%.
Iron closed at 48s 4d In Glasgow and at 46s
in MIddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry Northern. $15(716; No. 2 foundry
Northern. $14#16: No. 1 foundry soft and No.
1 foundry Southern at $13 503 14.
• ¦ . - •
r.t $12 75. Copper was 5s 7%d lower in Lon
''¦.¦¦¦ s\. with ££>ot quoted at £55 5s and
at £53. • '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
The packers have again reduced their prices
for Hogs, and say that they are getting all
they want at the decline. Receipt* are not
really heavy, but the demand Is slack.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaugnterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 4% 06c per lb
f0 VEAl^-Large. 7%e8%e: small. 8%©9%e
Wethers. 7%SS%c; Ewes. 808%c
per lb.
LAMB— ©%®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%<?9o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in Sal» .FrancUco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: \
CATTLE— Steers 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
768c: thin Cows. 465c per pound.
CALVES — iS4%c per pound (gross weight).
1 SHEEP — Wethers, 8%@4o; Ewes, 3%©3%o
per pound (gross weight). ,
LAMBS — 4%65c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lb«. 6%c- over
180 lbs, 6c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Bear*. 60 per
cent off, and Stags 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
Meat Market:
Aztec 20
California Standard 10*
Caribou 100 ....
Central Point Con 63 68
Chicago Crude 19 ....
Ctaremont • 24 3O
I Esperanza 153 1 6O
I Four 65 63
Fulton 4% ••••
Giant 2O
Hanford 1 S7
Home 03 1 CO
Imperial 1S0O
Independence 16 17
Junction 19
Kern 4% 3t;
Kern River 13 00
[Lion 03 04
i Monarch, of Ariz 49 SO
: Monte Crlsto 8© ....
¦Occidental of W. Va. IS ....
i Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 13% 14*1
Pittsburg ¦ SO
Reed Crude, old Issue 40
S. F. & McKlttrick 2*i ....
San Joaquin O. & D 4 00 ....
Senator 65 , ....
Sovereign C:» ....
Sterling 2 7O 2 9O
Superior 04 06
Thirty-Three TOD S OO
Toltec 22 ....
Twenty-Eight 4 00 ....
West Shore 290 ....
Miscellaneous—
Atbr L. t Imp ISO
Alameda Sug*r 28 0O
American Biscuit 93 00
Cal. Cotton Alills S8 00
Cal Jockey Club 103 OO
Cal. Shipping Co 23 CO
Cal. Title Ins. & Trust 13O 0O 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 0O
Chutes Company - _ S 00
Cvpresa Lawn Iras Co....... 8 50 ....
Fischer's Theater 3 23
Gas Ccn. AS3OC 22 SO
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 19 00
Northern Cal. Power 0 00
Orpheum Company 18 23
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 00
Paraf fine Paint 330O ....
S. F. Dry Dock 47 OO ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 3 00
Eausallto Land and Ferry.-. IS 00 ....
, Sperry Flour CompanyX . . . . 27.50 SO 00
Standard Electric .... 19 OO
Tesla Coal Co 32 60
Truckee Electric 13 23 ....
Union Sugar 2250 ....
United Gas and Electric... 34 50 ....
Q If Wfl
Morning Session. ;: :
Board —
50 Independence Oil IS
400 Caribou Oil ....105
Street —
90 Kern Oil 4 73
40 Paauhau Sugar ......13 00
10 Makaweli Sugar 23 30
Afternoon Session.
COO Superior Oil 03
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fr&a-
Cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Con N Y 03/ 100 Sierra Nevada 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Best ft Belch. 1 33] ICO Occidental ... 43
400 Con N Y.... 03 300 Seg Belcher., to
200 Crown Point. 1*1 800 Sierra Nevada 23
500 Gould & C... 211 100 Ytllow Jacket 3J
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ; ~.;V.
200 Con Cal & V. 03 200 Occld«ntal ... 51
300 Con Cal A V '04 10O Ophlr 1 33
30O Gould & C... 21 300 Savage 14
200 Mexican 64 500 Sierra Nevada 27
Afternoon Session.
20O Belcher 17 BOO Sea; Belcher.. 04
ICO Challenge ... 19 300 Seg Belcher. . 06
17CO Hale & Nor.. 48 100 Sierra, Nev... 24
200 Hale & Nor. . 50 200 Union Con... 37
200 Hale tt Nor. . 49
" TONOPAH MIN1NO EXCHANGE.
Following were the rales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza .01 (600 Mont Tt>n...l lT»i
00O Mon Ton...l 12%! 500 T Midway.. 34
Afternoon Session. '
2CO Draper 14 1 100 Mon Ton. ..1 1O
- 1CC0 Esperanxa . 01 11100 Ton N 8tar 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. November 20.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha <W 'Mlrulta 05 fl*
XHa 01 MiJustle* 10 13
B-t'hV 1 ::::-; ft ISjSS^ 2ig
££2 E£. 07 1 8£3S£S:::ij § ¦ S
Caledonia ... 91 a»,Op hir »»*»
gSo!la? Ke . . co . n -IS &poi£ aa .:.v/. S lo
Turkeys' per lb.23tfr2SJ Honkers. each..40&<3V3
Ducks, each 75<-ff$l!Teal Duck, ea..— #25
Geese, each..— <6*\ Sn'Mall'd Duck. ea.50@*0
Goslings »2 OOjWJdg'n Duck, ea.— «2»
Pigeon* pair ... — 660 Sprig Duck. ea.40<f?.V»
Squabs per pair.— #«0| Small Ducks. •*_— «h'5
Rabbits, each . ..20«p25 Canvaabacks. ea.«>g73
Hare, each ....— ®20'
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea. — 0 — Llmea. do« lO^lS
Almonds 1.V2C0 Lemons, dos ....15<&C3
Apples 3@ 5 Oranges, doz ...3»?f73
Cranberries qt.,15fi-20| Persimmons lb. — -a 9
Pecans — 920j Plums, lb e® 3
Brazil Nuts ....20® — |Pomegr*tes. 4os.30^73
Bananas, dor. .. .2.MI50 Pears, p«r lb... 6@ H
Chestnuts 15®cn Pineapples, ea.. .25^30
Cocoanuts each. — trio Quinces lb 39 S
Dried Figs. lb. . — @10.Ral3ins per lb.. 9^15
Fresh FJjr*. lb. .— <i|l0' Raspberries. dr..40JC0
Grapes per lb... 54} 8 Strawberries, per
Grape Fruit d2.75cg$l| drawer 20U7.1
Huckleb'r's. lb.l2%gl5lWalnuts. per »>..1J#2O
N VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, dor.. 75^85' Onions, per lb.. 19 2
Beets, dozen ....10.^ — Okra. dried, lb... — 023
Beans, white, lb 6<5 — Potatoes, lb 114^2
Colored, per lb. 50 — Parsnips, per d2.15@20
Dried Lima, lb.. 6^ SiRadishes.dx bchsl5S20
Cabbage, rich... 5i§10 Sage, dz bunches2T>^ —
Celery, head 5©10' String Bean*, lb. 8S10
Cress, dz bunch-lS© — j Summer Squash.
Cucumbers. dz..A'ti'23 per lb 59 "
Garlic ....... lO912%c Sprouts, per lb.. && A
Green Peppers, lb — © 3 Spinach per lb. — @ S
Dried Peppers... 10(923] Sweet Potato**.
Egg Plant 5® 6 per lb — <T 2
Green Peas lb... «# 8 Thyme. da bnchs.23®30
Lettuce, per doz. 15^20 Turnips per da.— <S13
Leeks, dz bunch.l31J2i7 Tomatoes, lb ... 5Q10
Lima Beans, lb. 8@10'
FISH—
Barracouta — 5J15 Kockcod —4^13
Carp 10^12% Sea Bass — ©1A
Catflsh — ©12% Smelts — ©13
Codfish — @12Vilsole» 10012%
Flounders ...... 10@-— f Skates each ....10@15
Halibut 15@— Squid — «—
Herring — @ — Tomcod 12%® —
Mackerel — @— -.Turbot ...20<a—
Do horse 13®— iTrout .....— <S—
Rockfish — ©12%|Brook Trout .... — <® —
Salmon, fresh.. 12% 9 15: Whiteflsh 10$ —
Do smoked ....15®2o! Clams, gallon ..50^—
Sardines 10$ — Do hardshell, lb 84$ 10
Shrimps — @10 ' Crawflsn. lb ..12%® 15
Phad 10©— I Crabs each —®—
Striped Bass' ...15^20 Mussels, quart. — ©12%
Perch 10@ — iOysters. Cal, 100.40<33O
Pompino — #75) Do Eastern.dz.30940
MEATS. PER FOUND—
Bacon lS^SjPork Sausage.. 12*48 13
Hams 16®lSj3moked Beef ...—©20
Urd 12%0— I
Th*» San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following- retail price* for
meats:
Roast Beef 10320 Hlndqrtr Laxab..lMftO
Tenderloin Steak.l5©19 Foreqtr Mutton.. «#10
Porterhse. dol7%©22i4 Le* Mutton ... 12*401*
Plrloin Steak.. 12%1Z15 Mutton Chops.. 12%«J1 I *
Ronnd Steak .. 10^12 V» Mutton Stew 8910
Beef Stew — #10 Roast Veal 12-320
Corned Beef 8^10 Veal Cutlet* 15-320
8oup Bone* ....'4® — Veal Stew ....12%©15
Soup Meat 5010 Roast Pork ...12%«1*
Lamb Chops ...—£20 Pork Chops .....133 IS
Foreqtr Lamb. 12%® 15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50©75|W11d Dore*,. ds.$l 5O
Youn* Rooster*. English Snipe, d*.$4 50
each 75000'jack Snipe. do*..S2 5O
Old Roosters ea.5O«H5 : 0ray Geese, each 4<vs.'O
Fryers, each ...«5<§75| White Gees*, ca. 1302.1
Broilers, each ..BOS CO Brant, each 2C<t?V.
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter choice. sq-SS-QfiS 1 Common Eggs...35@5O
Do good 4<*}5O Ranch E*g* ....55<0«>
Do packed, lb. — «30 Eastern Eggs ...30033
Cheese Cal 15«20!Honey. comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.20©25| pound —®2O
Cheese Swiss. . .25O33I Do extracted.. 8U1O
Some kind* of Poultry are scarce and are
quoted higher, but meat descriptions are un
changed. Game and Meats have not changed
for some time. Fish Is plentiful and Is still
selling at the familiar quotations.
Fruits and Nuts are In good supply and
prices have changed but little §lnc» last
week. Melons have disappeared and are
dropped from the list. Stock* of vegetable*
are steadily decreasing and several kinds are
higher. Corn and Green Okra are out of the
market.
COAL. PER TON—
¦Wellington .$—£10 00 'New
Seattle %—Q 8 SO; Wellington $—©19 00
Roalyn $ — @ » 00 Wellington
Richmond ...*—© 9 50; Nut $— « 8 CO
Greta $— 9 9 COlCoos Bay ..$— 0 T 50
Fresh Ranch Fggs are very scare* at the
moment, and prices have advanced 5 cents per
dozen. Common California and Eastern are
higher In tympathy with ranch. Butter and
Chees« stand exactly the same aa quoted last
week.
\f'AMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
lie: Middle County. 11612c: Northern Free.'
11 ©12c; Nqrthern Defective, 10® lie; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, I2@14c; Nevada, 13®15c; Ore«
gon, fine, 18®19c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19®22o per lb for California and 10Q
22c for Oregon. . ,
and ruled firm at advanced . rates. Sweets
were j steady and unchanged. Fancy Onions
were In limited supply and flrm.The Aus
tralian Brown Variety found quick sale at
$1 50 per cental, while Yellow Danvers met
with a good demand at Slftl 25. Common and
inferior stock was abundant and very dull.
Trade in vegetables was active and freshly
arrived lots of Peas String and Wax Beans
met with prompt sale at firmer prices. Lima
Ecans were in ample supply and steady. There
was continued firmness in Cucumbers and
Summer So.uash under light receipts and a
steady demand. Tomatoes were rather weak
than otherwise ai>d j-rlces had a wide range
as to quality, with- only a small percentage
of thi receipts bringing the top quotations.
Garlic was firm at higher prices, with stocks
very light.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 65®
$5o per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 45 per ctl;
Oregon Biirbanks. 85c@>$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds,. C0@T5c per ctl; . Sweet Potatoes. $1 25
per ctl. ---
ONIONS--$1#1 50 per ctl for fancy and
50i875c for lower grades. < „
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@5o per lb;
String Eeans. 4$6c per lb: Wax, 4ff6c;
Lima Beans. 3%@&o per lb: Tomatoes, 50c(gtl
per box: Summer Squash. $1®1 25 per box for
bay and 75©S5c for Los Angeles: Cabbage. 60c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, $1
©1 60 per box for bay and 65©75c for Los
Angeles; Garlic. 6@8o p«r lb; Green Peppers.
25«40c per box for Chile and 35g5Oc
for Bell; Egg Plant, 40<ff50c per box; Marrow
fat Squash $10@15 per ton; Hubbard, $15<g20.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
¦ Wheat No. 2— "
Dec, new 79H 70% 79^ 79%
May 78* 70H 78H 79
July 74% 74% 7414 74
Corn No. 2 —
December 42% 43% 42^ 43%
May 41% 42% 41% 42%
July 41% 42% 41% 42%
December* 34% 35% 34% 35%
May ., 35U 36% 35% 36%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .......11 50 11 60 11 62% 11 60
May ......11 60. 11 72% 11 60 11 72%
Lard per 100 pounds —
January. 6 C7% 6 70 6 67% « 70
May 6 70 6 70 6 67% 8 70
Short ribs per 10f> pounds —
January ....... 6 12% 6 15 6 12% 6 15
May.V. 6 22% 6 27% 6 22% 6 27%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour firm: No 3 spring wheat, 7»tj'81c; No.
2 red 83@8r>c; No- 2 corn, 43%c; No. 2 yel
low, 4«<S46%c; No. 2 oats. 361,4c: No. 3 white,
34>/'#39c: No. 2 rye. 54c; good feeding barley,
3G@3Sc: fair to choice malting. 47#58c; No.
1 flaxseed. 07%e; rrlme timothy seed. $2 92%:
mess pork, per barrel. $11 50@ll 62%; lard,
per 10O pounds. S* 90©« 02%: short ribs sides
(loose)' $9 752" 00; short Clear sides (boxed).
$6 60<af6 62%: whisky, bapls of high wines,
|1 25; clover, contract grad.e. $10 50.
Articles^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 22,000 22,800
Wheat bushels 143,400 97.400
Corn 'bushels 106,100 483.000
Oats' bushes . 200.100 152,600
Rye bushels 87.700 5.800
Bariey. bushels 126,300 - 23.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. But
ter market was firm. Creameries, 15#22%e;
Dairies 14®l»c. Cheese, steady. 10@10%c.
Eggs,' firm. 23@25c.
purchases ror' short accounts December closed
l&lKc higher.
Provisions were a shade easier at the start
owing to a" decline of from 5c to 10c In the
price of hoss at the yards. There was some
buying of lard for foreign account, but the
selling orders from packers' were in larger
volume than buying from all other sources
and prevented the market from responding to
the -advance in grains. The close was about
steady, January pork, 2>;c higher and lard
and ribs 2V»e lower. .
'.'The leading futures ranged as follows:
THfc SAjS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 21, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stocks — Bid.'. Asked.
Alma ..'•¦ 1 40
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Cert......... .... 29
Copper remains unsettled h«re and prices
are mere or Icj-s nominal. ' Uke Is Quoted at
|12 DoQlJ. electrolytic at $12 S7JS and casting-
KEW VO!iK, Nov. 20.— Tin advanced 2s «d
In London' to £11C J2s 6d for spot and £117
17« O3 . for futures. Ideally tin was a Ilttlo
firmer. *:;<ot clcsinfi at $25 4OQ125 CO.
New York Metal Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
EASTERN MARKETS.« ¦ ¦ - __ _ r\r\r>
TEE FAN FBAKCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY, NOVEMBER Cl, 1903.
14
A— _URH : AY " & READ Y.^CJ I -OeT Clay 'stT
Phone Main 5813.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
1902 we gave 19O3 we'll give
43,000 men work. 60, COO men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and- Santa Fe systems- free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN
Section hands, muckers, drillers.' extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES
Farm, and orchard hands, $30, $35 $40 fd.;
milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs $30 to $G0.
365 wopdehoppers.
-~~ 2S7 tletnakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS
Cooks, hotels, restaurants camps mines an<i
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country $23 to $45 [
• and found; butchera, different Jobs $40 $90
MURRAY & READY. 6S4-C3C Clayst.
CABINETMAKER. $3 50 DAY.
Sticker hand. city. $4 day; planerman lum-
ber company. $75 found.
HEAD DONKEY MAN. WOODS, SOUTH.
Striper and letterer. all round painter, $3
day.
2 coatmakers, $5 per coat.
, Married farmer, $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting. $5.
OLD MEXICO — FREE FAF.E.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, north. $65
and found.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Married waiter and chambermaid, hotel, fare
$1. $50 found.
Man and wife, man as section hand, wife as
cook few men. $1 60 day; $30 per month' for
woman.
2 plumbers, north. 3 months' Job, $3 50 day.
2 bench hands, planing mill. Palo Alto,
$3 50 day.
Driver, light delivery wagon. $9 week.
Young man or boy. clean castings, machine
shop, $5.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-630 Clay st.
STABLEMAN and wife, country, wife for sec-
ond work In private family. $65 and found;
blacksmith, shop, south. $2 50 day; cook,
lunch counter 15c fare, $15 and found.
MURRAY _ READY. C34-636 Clay at.
155 GREEK laborers, $60. MURRAY _
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
2 WAITERS, helps' hall, flrst-elara hotel. $23
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st. "..-"•'%>¦-
BARBER trade taught In one month; new
method. Address W. C. B.. 647 Commercial
St., or room 24. 206H S. Broadway. L Ang.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50o
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third St.?
WANTED^ — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery ft-. San Francisco, or Masonlo bullU-
lng. Sacramento, Cal.
BOY between 15 and 19, who Is anxious to
learn good business In down town house:
state age and salary expected. Box 4590,
Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fifth floor, 305 Larkin st., for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc;
day or evenings.
YOUNG man willing to work for his tuition.
California Business College, 30S Larkin st.
WANTED — For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war la all parts of the world, on land in our
Island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 18 years; height,
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia st.. any
evening between C and 8 o'clock.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions: catalogue .
mailed free. MOLER System College. 633
Pay at. j
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know |
that Ed Rclkln, Reno House proprietor, h_»
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 30c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st_ ; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 Commercial at.
A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. Ap-
ply g. N. WOOD & CO.. 940 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard it.
PENSION atty E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelaa
blSg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat.G.A.R.
McDONALD _ PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st. j
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- j
ket 700 rooms, 33c night: readini? rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
FOR SALE — Two-chair barber 6hop. cheap.
127 Clay at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan _ Church sta.
ALL s.'zes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting; 25o
to 50c. 8B3 Mission st.. t>tt. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXDjJWAGOXS^^^^-
A ~ FINE chance; horse and express wagon;
eventhlng complete; established business; n o
competition; good »*•"*. -^"SXrfg. 1 "
gelling: cheap. E- J. *ATES. S. Berkeley.
A LOT of cheap horses, wagons, carts, bug-
*lee and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
St™: closing out. 1140 Folsom at.
HARNESS~"and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. Ean Francisco.
ONE light business wagon, harness also bug-
gy horse. 15 Dame St.. off Thirtieth.
WILL caR and clip your horses at your stable.
Address 70 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horse*.
327 Sixth «t_
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and'gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest aseortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hnrnesff.work.dflvlng horses. lSth-Va?encla
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED lUt of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
* this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square. *-.
NEW house, 8 sunny rooms, fine yard. $32 50;
new flat, S sunny rooms. $2.0. House 131,
flat 130 Second ave.. near Sacramento st.
HOUSE, 1303 Waller st.: » rooms, bath, and
billiard-room: modern; rent $50. .
BEFORE moving pet our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN' ft HOWKIX. 25 Pot st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house. 12 rooms. Cal-
if ornia = _nrPleree : _Apply37<3__jnb!an_blds.
UUt&GS R'KMSUKU FOR SALE,
J90O— 12 ROOMS, beautifullv furnished: near
transfer corner: rent $57 60. 1421 California.
lost axd fouxd.
~~~~~~~~~~ " : lost.
At football grounds, or between there and
Junction of Market and Taylor, a gen-
tleman's purse containing money and lur»e
diamond ring. 1 diamond shirt stud. 1 plain
gold ring. etc. Finder please return to _»
Sansome st. and receive $300 reward. Includ-
ing money and purse.
LOST— Fox terrier: female: last year's llrens*.;
reward. Blrxrkhawk Stables, 10Oi> Valencia
st. Tel. Mission 15. _______
LOST— Brindle and white bulldog; tag No.
4B. Return to MISS JOHANNSEN. 42y'j
Oak st.. and receive reward.
i PURSE containing money and lodge buttons.
Return to 902 Halght St.: reward.
LOST — Draft and two cheeks payable Ramon
Diaz. "Return New Western Hotel ; inward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch- Case Co., _0 Kuttrr st.. n*»da old
-old iinti sliver tr> tn»>» new -.iirh r»»»«.
~ .IMC 1)1 CAL.
MUM. nil. WYKTII. apeculiat " 7cfr all "Tiro*!*
...mplnintp; Instant, relief guaranteed: -i>
y»ar»" «»pTl»no<: r«mov«it to 830 Post st.
Mlt* til. KO1IU rolUbU vprri.iiui for «U (•¦
iiuiU irnufal** ami trr«suUrtMta; Instant r«-
Htf «\ araniw*. 'POHifr Marhtt »t.. opp. nth.
im". 7»Tw. O'UONNKLL— All who are sick or
in «i.Mii.irt .oir.nit thl» «r m-uiiM «>n rem-te
i..t»H'l««iiiU: positively corrected; th» unfortu-
!•.••<• Itrli'r.i; (ha meal difficult c:i*ea trc-t«d:
•Hvj''* it*: ,wfo^J|_l^_M»' 1 *-*< «t.
ln» u.u.iwln, lartTuik. nr. Van N««*— Export
in i«tat»ttlt«i -f«tna.l* compUIn*; Intt. r»lUf;
_th»*tm»n> * tl>; '|_y,'.f°, tn ft! * s >**• >»P*t.
MttsT Pi A mTk.N. II Id M»r*«t-n«U*bl» ladlos-
•i«»«'i«i|«t: a private htni* before an.t during
tenftti«nt«nt; best tuottlcai cart; low tt**.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-— MAJLIS.^
ENGINEER'S position wanted, city or coun-
try, by an experienced engineer and machin-
ist holding a U. S. Inspector's license ; ref-
erence. Address Engineer, 201 San Jose ave..
city. >
WHAT big company has boarding-bouse, feed-
ing 100 to 200 men, and wants good Eastern
cook, and wife as second cook or waitress.
Best references. JOHN RAYBORN. 12
Cleveland at. j ft.-..--i
BARKEEPER, well recommended, flrst-class
mixer. New York and San Francisco experi-
. ence, wants position; city or country, box
4557, Call. v '
ALL-ROUND mechanic, general blacksmith,
woodworker, upholaterer, cobbler, etc., In in-
stitution, public- or private, or elsewhere.
D. W. J.. 1704 Fifteenth st.
A RELIABLE young man, 22 years of age
would like position in electrical line; has had
considerable experience. Box 4565. Call offlce.
YOUNG German (24), Industrious, willing to
do anything, wlshea position. Box 4564, Call.
YOUNG man having 7 years' experience In
China, speaking Mandarin dialect fluently.
good knowledge written language, desires
permanent position • with some mercantile
house. Box 4501. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dlnavlan on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594. Call offlce.
A SITUATION desired on good private place-,
city or country, by thoroughly experienced
young man (Danish); capable of taking care
of horses, garden, etc.. and is a flrst-class
driver; references. Box 3451, Call.
WANTED — By a flrst-class mechanic, painting,
paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract; all tools furnished. R. D. MAR-
EIIALL. 429 Douglass et.
JANITOR work by an experienced young man;
windows cleaned, carpets relatd and beaten;
v/ood cutting and splitting by the day or
hour. Box 45S0. Call offlce.
ELECTRICIAN: steady, sober young man
with some experience would like position in
electric power or sub-station. Box 2076,
Call offlce.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced in both
mechanical and structural draughting and
design, desires permanent position. Address
t box 2957. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man would like to work In an auto-
mobile shop to learn the business. Box 457S.
Call office. .
MAN, aged 33, wlslfes work; good house cleaner
and scrubber; good home more an object than
wages; reference. Address box 3450, Call.
WANTED — By experienced retail grocery man,
a few hours' work dally; cigar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4593. Call offlce.
HONORABLE German gentleman desires posi-
tion; energy, executive ability. Address box
4500. Call offlce.
HONORABLE man. German, desires position
as bartender; experienced. Address box 4593.
Call offlce.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
TO publishers — Practical printer and Journalist
wishes management of publication. B., 765
Market st.
COMPETENT, reliable coachman, wife flrst-
class laundress, dentres a position; good ref-
erence. T. S... 77 Ninth st. (
FRENCHMAN, speaking Italian. 8panlsh and
a little English, wants employment. V.
• PELLET, general delivery, San Francisco.
WANTED — By flrst-clase telegraph operator,
position with private concern; good letters.
Address "Operator." box 2081, Call offlce.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes a situation
private family; all round handy; best refer-
ences. Box 3440. Call offlce.
PAINTER, paper hanger and plasterer wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP. 434
Fulton st.. near Octavla.
YOUNG man and wife would like to take care
of a small hotel or reaOrt for winter; refer-
ences. Addreu box 849. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy or half day work. M. NONAKA.
807 Polk st.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as a school-
boy, clay or country; speaks English. . OGA-
WA, 600 Bush st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. II. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent, 322 Emma Spreckels blilg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an. Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you tlma and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st.. on the square.
¦ ¦ v
TWO beautiful modern flats. Just completed;
all the very latest Improvements; northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts. ; 6
rooms and bath each; every room ' sunny;
grand marine view; swell -location; walking
distance from town; rent reasonable; open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FL'RNITURIJ
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
• lutely free.
ELLIS, S24— Sunny, 5 rooms: Just finished;
electricity for light and power; $45. htm
HAYWARD. 2, off Harrison. ( near Eighth —
Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $11.
$7 00— Lower flat, 726% Harrison st, bet.
Third and Fourth. "
WALLER. 130314. near Masonic ave. — Modern
0-room flat; rent $35. «•
3 LARGE rooms to let at 669 Hampshire st.:
S1-t: no children.
FLATS TO LET — FURBISHED.
MISSION, 1143 — Elegant front flat; 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; piano If desired.
rAOIAIi MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES Vemoved: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 80c. M. LUTON, manl-
curtng parlors. 764 Larkin St.; phone Polk 17.
j FURXITURE FOR SALE,
SOME rare old easy chairs and bedstead; rose.'
•* wood and mahogany. 2231 Mission ' st.
FURXITURE WANTED. ; .__
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdst. . _ H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402,"
buys, rents, repairs, pack* furniture, carpets.
HELP AVAXTED FEMALE.
WANTED- 2 German style cooks, $35; 4 sec-
ond girls. $20. $25; 2 laundresses. $30; 3
nurseglrls. $15. $20, $25; companion to old
lady, $25: 2 nurses for institution. $20; dorm-
itory girl. $20; nurseglrl. Alameda, $20;
waitress, small delicatessen. ?20; 2 restaur-
ant waitresses, $3 week; waitress for com-
mercial hotel, country. $25. fare paid; 44
general housework girls, city and country,
$20. $25, $."50. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. 334 Sutter Et.
A— LAUNDRESS. $30; cook. $35; 4 second
girls. $25; Swedish woman to take care of
Invalid, $30; housekeeper. $20; lady's maid,
$30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
A—
2 strong, young Swedish girls for Institu-
tion, city, to learn nursing, to commence,
$20; Swedish or German girl, wait and par-
lor maid. $25; nurse, 7 months child, city,
$20; housegtrl. San Jose, light. lady here,
$20 to $25; 9 housegirls, best homes In city,
$25; second girls and wait, best homes In
city. $20 to $25.
THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
88 Union Square building. 233 Geary st
UPSTAIRS girl desired quickly; good place for
right kind of girl; wages from $30 to $35
per month. Call In person with references
at 1403 Jackson at., corner Nineteenth. Oak-
land.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdreaslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hatrdresstng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket at., cor. Jones, room f»4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32>X FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Reliable girl for light housework
and companion; no washing: family of two.
Call 9 a. m. to 2 p. m., 523 Jones «t., Oak-
• land.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for laces and em-
broideries. Apply Superintendent's Offlce,
Emporium.
EXPERIENCED nnd Inexperienced operators
wanted on all parts of shirts. ULMAN,
SEELIGSOHN & BROWN. 10 Battery st.
GIRLS experienced at labeling: steady work;
good wages. The JOHN F.OLLMAN CO.,
corner Front and Pacific xts. '
STENOGRAPHER wholesale fruit house; must
be competent; 6tate wages. Box 455!>, Call.
GIRL for laboratory work. 2304 Van Nesa
avenue.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
German or Swedish preferred. 1S6 Russ st.
BY a leading wholesale house. 3 traveling
saleswomen; first-clue? positions. Box 4587,
Call offlce.
FACIAL end manicure artist: state experience
and wages expected. Box S50. Call. Oakland.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call hrn-nch offlce. 2200 Ftllmore.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A — MAN and wlfo to work around a doctor's
offlce; woman must do little cooking; refer-
ences. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sut-
ter st.. nea* Powell. ..
WANTED— Fruit farmer and wife, $45: first-
class coachman, country. $.33; errand boy.
$.1 a week; second oysterman. $40. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Ftrst-class drr.«s goods salesman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' .
WANTED— Thoroughly competent fancy goods
and notion man. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— By wholesale grocery house, bright
young man to start »s offlce boy: good
chances for advancement; references re-
quired; apply In own handwriting. Box 456i.
Call offlce. . * .
GOOD salary and expenses paid to an energetic
man; ambitious and willing to work; respon-
eiblo position; good references and security
required; splendid chance for tho right man.
Address box 271, Sacramento, Cal. —
WANTED~Two rcen~of genteel' appearance,
for about one hour each day for next two
weeks; liberal compensation. Apply, room
170. Russ House, 12 to 2, Saturday.
WANTED-^A."n~Rll around bookbinder; one who
can do forwnrding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO..
741 Market st. ' < "¦
WANTED— For good posUlfp." an energetic
man of good address wh<f wants to work.
-.. Apply between 0 nnd 10 a. m. Saturday, room
80. 473 Fourteenth st.. Oaltland.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 00 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 W. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Marktt.
BOYS for cash and errands; youths for wrap-
ping parcels. Apply Superintendent's offlc*.
Emporium.
WANTED— Boy to work In down town drug
. store; state, references and wages expected.
Address box 4572. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber foTliaturdny and Sun-
'day. $0 and car fnre If nultabln; steiuly Job.
004 Broadway, near Eighth St.. O»klan<lj__
APPRENTICE to photographer wanted; mu«t
be honest, aober and Industrious. Box 4370.
Call offlce.
BARBER wanted. 225 Montgomery nv*.
BARBER for Saturday noon and fUinday ftt
428 Broadway.
GOOD barber for Saturday nlRht sn.1 RumlHy
morning. 1415 Valencia pt.
TRY our men's shots, union tnad*. at iT"i>M
$1 80 pair; foot- form shots at $3 fu>i> w» IM/
express or mall chnrgew. tt n<\ »>.. Kuw, blti,
FOR sale— narber shop ; n «t»aily rhntriiT*^'*
bargain. Western Realty Co., iOOTvi M«fh»t.
WANTED-J-An experienced wranpor. Apply nl
S. N. WOOD „ CO.'B.^tS -M«rk»| St.
BUSHELMAN and pnnu m»k«r jfoV^Vunl?^
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Butter at.
\ CLAIRVOYAXTS — Continued.
A— L-I-V-O R-N-O. ~~I r "~
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
The World-Renowned Palmist x
and Crystal Gazer,
31 KEARNY ST.,
I Owr Hammersmith- Field's. Phone Black 2435.
I Three questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
Captain Slgsbee of the Maine pay*: "Mme.
Llvorno's reading of my hand was remarkably
clever." See portrait of Llvorno and original
te? tlmcnials at entrance.
i ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
! palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to Op. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fnrgo money order or registered letter.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ ,
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Ltarn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. VELVA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names riven; 25c and 50c. 655B Minna St.,
below Elchth. '
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours lla. in. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason: no sign.
MRS. AVERY. clairvoyant card reader. 040
! Howard et. ; ladles only; 25c; no sign.
K< ,
j OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city. \
26H Kea:ny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 60c. B20 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader: sit- '
tings daily.- 448H Jessie St.. bet. Cth and 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Calif 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET JUEATlXCr AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
eratfl. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
pend for SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prlcej
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsalon 263.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
CBIDIT CLOTHXCBB.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
ehoes; everything up to* date at cash 'prices.
Credit for all. 3fti Mason st. '
CUBES RTTPTU__.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you auffer?
DEXTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5~-C Callaghan bWg7T~Marlwt
and McAllister ets.. uses the Basford Obtun-
c>r. the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offl<*o. *
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
I A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
I warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 30; fillings, 5Oc;
i plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
i HKESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
! ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure leve.cla**. 101f> Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' ' S "BUSINESS 1 COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a 'horough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now op?n for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handpome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions. >
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-'
structlon. Write for* illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan-bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting. th»
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Native
Sens' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market St. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
* day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD' S School of Mines _ Electricity,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SOPRANO Just from the East wants church
position; gfx>d reader. Box 45C2, Call.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL* OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing. -
etc.: day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 JVllgslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOVMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st rteir~BuslT_5—^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; 'i fur-
nlfheg best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japane«c-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emu. Office. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all klndx help. 315 Stockton: Main 3188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel, Main 10f>7. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
Telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter et.
A LADY with a child 7 years old wishes a
position for general housework; family of
n (In Its nreferred; no objection to a short dis-
tance In the country. Call or address MRS.
D. J., 845 MUslon St.
A YOUNG lady, educated, of good family,
wishing to have ' her expenses paid East,
will go a3 lady's companion, nurse or In
almost any capacity. Box 455S, Call.
YOUNG lady who has had training In a sani-
tarium would like to care for Invalid lady or
gentleman. Address "A." Call offlce, San
Jos<", Cal.
WANTED— Educated, capable woman stenog-
rapher would like Dosition whole or half day;
salary reasonable. Box 4503, Call.
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posl-
tlon as housekeeper for a email family. Ap-
ply or oddrcs3 Mrs. V. P., 10S0 Pacific st.
GIRL dealrea position at general housework;
small family; good plain cook; good, refer-
ences; wages $20 to $25. Box 4356, Call.
WANTED — By a reliable woman, houseclcan-
ing by the day. Apply Mrs. R.,*3355 26th st.
A YOUNG colored cIt! would like a situation
to do light housework and plain cooking
Box 45S3. Call offlce. ¦_, . .-¦
AN experienced stenographer wishes to do out-
ildo typewrltlr.g; terms low. Phone R-d 1657,
0 a. ro. to 12 m. and 1 to 3 p. m.
ELDEKLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper. 136 Fifth St., between Howard and
Mission. , '
YOUNG Swedish girl wants position to do
general housework; wages, $20 per month.
1015 Carolina, st., bet. 20th and 26th.
A WOMAN wants wcrk ¦ by the day; under-
stands general housework and laundry; ref-
erence. Address 1435 Pacific st. '
A FIRST-CLASS laundress; can do children's
clothes In a flrst-class style. Call 2 Regley
place. Pierce and Greenwich sts.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $1 25 per day. Please address MRS.
E. 'Iv.. 0£J Mission st. ¦ , .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan k. Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, «33 McAllister. at. >
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1098
Valencia st. -
MED.'CA^-Contlnoed.
DR. ROSEN resides 2505 Folsom St.. corner
2Uth; ladies, relief or' no fee; $lo.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112f, Market s:.
DP.. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. oppostt*
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
3IILLI.M3RY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from: lea«a
sold, must vacate February 1. 19O4: sa»«
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
PRIVATE millinery; hats remcdeled: U-iie7
own material used: prices reasonable. Wja
Turk st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines 2d-hanJ machinery. McIN-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 103-187 Fremont at.
_________________ „
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls eaay to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good o\er oil
Iron, tin or shingles: beat for new roof_
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 71.1 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers eng!n?s. pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;' see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y Co., 130-132 Beal* nu
A — Fine suits. $7 30; dress panM. t- 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothlnn Parlors 238 Kearny »C.
near Eu?h-. open to S» p. m. : Sunday to noon.
A— $3 30 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. naar
Pine; open till I> p. ra. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 23-'5-2i5 Spear st.
2 72x18 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 151 Fremont St., San Francisco.
TYPEWRITEitS. slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalo*
aent free. R. — . Revalk — Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our znen'a shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges* 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S18
Market, ab Van Nesa. RICHARDSON BROS.
GASOLINE engines for sale. Bay City Iron
Works. 3d and Washington sts.. Oakland.
BILLIARD table. BrunswlcU-BaJke __ke; al-
most new; _S. Baldwin Annex.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. prosses. motor cutter.
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2936. CalL
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY* fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
8. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hasd; all
sizes; new. B. B. BECK — CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market at.
MOVING pictures m&glc lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard „ Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all stzes. "EC-
GENE RILEY _ SONS. 106 Vallaja at.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery at. /
8AFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
„ CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;carnp stools and chain :hair.mockr,
metal beds. mattressea.J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edlsoa phonographs, records, supplies, movlnc
picture machines, films. B__galupl. 933 Mitt.
GASOLINE! engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 Montg"y.
MISCELLAXEOrS AVAXT3.
WANTED — A 12 gauge shotgun cheap for
cash. Address box 4573, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. IIOLMEsi
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oSX
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at. : tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskin?: send pcstal.
25 Storktcr. ?t : phnr.'' Ru»h 4*4.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eoi-eoi'-tiua Examiner bulld!n«.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undividwl lnt?r-
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge or
employer: lowest rates: no cornnilsslon. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. es and C3 Donchoa
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos cr to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 10. Phelan bid., tel. Mala 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SJ'J
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. VJ Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. r»tail mer-
chants, teamsters. beardlng-ho_*s without
security; easy payments; largest business la
40 principal cities. Tolmaa. .VK Parrott bidg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture cr piano: no reinov.
al. no commission, no publicity :$23 up: quick,
private, confidential. 2*i Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ava.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; cold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stcnes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 31xth st.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow mere money on your fnrnltur*
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 655.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy; no commission: Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new. simple plan. Room 50. 819 Markat,
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. Bth floor. Chronicle bid?.
Z% ON furniture _ pianos; $13 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy »t.. floor 4.
1 PEIl cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Ma-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
saUrlederapIoy*». R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CA«?H loaned salaried people on notes without
lndnr»er. MOHELL. fOft Examiner bldg.
.MUMCAL y X ST R U3IEXT9.
RENT a piano fcr $3 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price If you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the Instrument for nothing; If the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any Instrument in our stores; with such good*
as the McPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtaa
"BIJou." the smallest full scale piano la San
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
6C0-62-64 Hayes st.
ALL uprlthts on cur bargain slate t.vday—
Collard. $.X'.; Fllsher. $30: Sherman _ Hyde.
$100; Wrber. $03; Kimba'.l. $113; Mansfield St
Notni. »123; H.iynes. $150: American. »163;
Chtckerlng. $167; Emerson. $172; Miller.
$175; 2 Stelnways. large and s_ all size. $133
and $20O; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up. upply on purchase; In-
stallments it up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. BSdg. Larsest exclu-
slve wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
UNTIL December 1 wt shall offer special In-
ducements to cash buyers on all pianos and
•mall tends now In Ptock. We are special
agents for the cele^ated Behr Bros, and
Baumelster pianos. Easy payments for th-js-a
who Utstre. Call and see. THE ZENO
MAUVA13 MUSIC CO.. 7(3) Market «t.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $.V>
up. Including such muku .n Checkering.
Vose. Kro»«er. Curtaz. Klrkham. Peas*.
Ilardman. Marshall A Wendell. Wxan ami
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. Irt O'Far-
i«ll tt. No branches In Saa Ftanctscow
BAND ln«truments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
rju« Maltvalri. Agt. Pac. Const. 279 C Funr»»» ?
sttillful repairing; 2J-hani1 Instruments »oM.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two hanks of key» and p«*dal bass; cost $750;
your own price. BOWERS _ TON. II Mason.
A STErK urrlsht mnhocany. nearly new;
must bo solJ. :itf McAllister st.
ALMOST new iipritht: cheap; rssh or tnstall-
m«nt. SCHMIT7. - CO.. 18 McAllister at.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pcdal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; w»crlflce. Ke*fta's.2»3 O'Farr'll.
Unredeemed storage pianoa and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltrh«-wd Storage. 1630 Market st.
BOIIMER. nvron Mv.izy pianos. Cecl'ian. piana
playtr. BY RON MAUZT. 3C8-312 Post st.
PUPEUIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.'
MULLCR. mnk»r. repairer. 2 Latham placo.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
$3.v— Larg* store: good business place and 3
rooms. tCCrt Howard. Apply bet. 10 and 3.
BTORE with large basement: b«low Kearny
st.: rent $30. ADDly 63G Clay si. room. 1.
THE CALL
JOKic P. SF_._C_--3. Proprietor.
K-?ss [cgE— lg-35 13 IQHI -fllOGHT, Miiagsr
TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nc.t Tou With tn« Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Par Week. 73
Ct». P«t Month. Single Copies 0 Cents.
Terms by l_sil. Including Postage (Cash Wit*
DAILY CALL (inrlud. Sunday). 1 ye*r..$S.OC
DAILY CALL dnclud. SundaJ). 0 mos.. 4W
XMILT CALL — By Single Month <6e
KriOPAT CALL. 1 Year *•»•»
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Y^ar ___
_-,„_,„.. f Daily... $8- SO Per Year Ertra
£?£??%£ * B«__V« 4.10 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. iiv«eklr.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
miaatafl
Mail sur*cr!b«— In ordering _ehanre of «d ;
«res» rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to »*»»"*
prompt anfl correct coror'.laace with their re-
quest.
«_ Broadwa^^^HepTon. Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SI 48 Center Street Telephon* Ncrtn 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. V CRANE.... H03 O Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
XT alflorf - Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
Union £«uare: Murray Hill Hotel: Flftb-ave-
cue Hetel «r.fl Hoffman House,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa House: P., O. News Co ; : Gr*at
Nor hem Hetel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palir.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Buiia g.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central Z61». >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAR-TON Herald Square.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 8:30 p. m. .
800 Hares street; open until 8:30 p. m.
CTS McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
t\T- Larkin street; open until 9:50 p. m.
1041 Miff ion street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Stxteentn. open
until r> p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
inw« Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast ccmer Church and Duncan street!.
cpn until 9 p. m. ,
Northwest corner of Twenty - second ana
Kentnrky streets: open until 8 p. tn.
gyo Fillmore street: open untll_9_P : _nv__^^ —
chirch KEn J_l c , f i?!j:
FIRST** United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.— Preaching
to-morrow (Ssbbath) at 11 a. m. and . p. ru-
by the Dastor. H. H. Bell. D. D. Morning
theme. "A Strange Diet'; evening the J^i
¦AS Unerrtns: Detective." Ssbbath school
» 45 a- ir..; C. E. societies at 5:30 and 6:30
p. m. Strangers cordially Invited to all ser-
vices. Pews free. Courteous ushers. Come
and fcrln* your friends.
MEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commendery No. 1. K.
T -Special assemblies THIS AFTER- fSgp
NOON at 2:30 and THIS EVEN- tt|
ING at 7:30. Order of Temple. Al'.
fraters courteously invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. I». HENDERSON. Recorder. _
GCLDEN GATE Lodge ICo^ 30. F. end 8
A M— Called meeting THIb (SAT- ]lQr
VRDAT) at 1:30 p. m. Third dtgree. /?>
By or*er r>< W. M-
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F". and •
A M— Called meeting THIS (SATLR-Vy
DAY) EVENING «tt 7:30 o'clock. Third /VA
degree. THEO. FROHCH. Sec.
MlP?iON Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ft
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) VV
EVENING, at 7.30 o'clock. Second /?A
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. »
212 F. and A. M.. meets THIS (SAT-VV
URDA.Y) EVENING, at 7:3u o'clock. /VN
jor degrees. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the Master.
E. C HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— «
Second degree THIS (SATURDAY W
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. By order o /VN
the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
KING SOLOMONS L^lge No. 260. F. o
and A. M. 1R3» Fillmore st.— Third WV
degree THIS AFTER- /V\
NOON at 1 o'clock and THIS
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of
California Harbor No. 15. •gf_»g lrTT
A A 'of M. * P.. are .El'Sjyfrfy— •
e»rri»M'y re-qu**t*d to at- mfr^*
tend a special me«ting ™
SATURDAY. November 21. at S p. m., at
their rooms. Grand Captain J. C. SILVA
will attend and address.
D. S. AMES, Worthy C
R. N. PIPPEY, C. C.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
re»» from Onjega Placer Mining Co., in
Omega Placer Mine, near Washington. Ne-
vada County. Cal., draining Into Ecotch-
Scotchmans Creek, which reaches Yuba
River; from W. H. Murchle, in Murchle
Mine, near Nevada City, Nevada County,
CkL. draining Into Deer Creek, which
reaches Yuba River: and from W. I. Wad-
lelgh. in Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, near Dutch Flat. Nevada County, Cal.,
draining into Stump Canyon, which reaches
Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will
be held at room 96. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1803. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near >
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal.. draining into
Spring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, elves notice that meeting will be held
¦ t roeni 96, Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal.. November 30. 1803. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTORX_YS-AT-L.AW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Pbone South 743.
Eult 222, Emma Epr«ckels building.
Divcrcts quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; da_are* secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. B.
ADVICE FREE. ~
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLtTMBIAN LAW _ COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 88. 91« Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter bow small,
attended to: attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C226. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an Interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Ee» me and save money; no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ee'*bll*hed 22 yrr.; rn_. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5, «st fl.
1122 Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice fre*. all matters. Detectives employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory. Inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice In all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 511
611 A, SUB Crocsley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission ets. ; tel. John 2926.
ROBT. W. KING, a'.ty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room fill; all canes, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, tie., consultation
free: no advance charges: call or writ*;
«-v*nlngs by appointment. Tel. Red SC01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merltorl-
cus catea. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
inc- J. M. THURSTON. 610 Market su. r. 31.
DIVOP.CE — Cons. $12; «iuick. quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market et.. r. 301.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: ©pen
evening*. Examiner building, room 315.
*U 6. CLAP.K. Emma Epreckels bldg.. QTi Mar-
ket lit.: ror.fultatlon free; no fees In advance.'
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenlnss: tenants
ejected. K. 016 Market, r. 62; phone Black CS1
ADVICE free; no charge unless tucce«s!ul; all
law business W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
niZtUS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds cf song and fancy birds; goldflsh. ceed
eagea, etc. Give ut a trial; we will plea»»
yog. IMC Market e*. .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $<: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery. room< 0-10: tel. 6588.
COTTAGES TO -ET.
|27 _v— S-KOOM cottage to let. Hey at Park
House. 2304 Fulton •_
DITSIXESS CirAXCES.
R G. WILKE. Keal Estate and Business
Agent {e«tnblli>ted 14 years). V6% Kearny |
st.i rooms u aud 10.
A flCOO coffee saloon* and restaurant on
the water front, clcus to Mnrkn st.: dally
receipts about $W: business clearing $:)00 v-t
month; trial given; a eplendid offer; Investi-
gate at once. Fee R. Q. WILKE. _'3'-i
Kearny et.
A — $3100; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms alwayn
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Compf.ny; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears )e«s than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kear-
ny st.
A — $000: SALOON on water front, with S fur-
nished rcorcs: S Iron bedsteads In each
room; 2H years' le&ce; rent $30; rooms alone
pay $70 per month and saloon doing * Rood
busings. See R. O. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
A — $*00; C3GAR frtand. close to Market Et. :
stock will Invoice the price; dally receipts
$16; rent $30. Call R. O. WILKE. „**
Kearny at.
A CIGAR stand close to Market and Ellis
tte.;.rood will; $700 stock at Invoice; rare
chance: best business location. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $10&0; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary «t. : this etore is kept by pres-
ent owrer 16 yeara and will stand closest
lnvcftlgatlcn. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $3iO; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a gocd
bueiness; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 28^4 Kearay at.
A — $4000; ELE«A>'T and first-claea salooo
close to Unrleet et.; net rent $126: Vt years'
leaae. Particulars It. O. WILKE, 26Vs
Kearny st.
A— $360; CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. Q. WILKE. 20H Kearny at. ;
A— $2<J60; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. O. WILKE. 2ti%
Keamy et.
A— $1600: HALF Interest In one of the beBt
corner saloons on water front; !esse; disagree-
ment of uartners cause of saJe; wll! eell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 H
Kearny st. .
A— $1250, CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. cloee
to S. P. freight sheds: S furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good Daylng business. See
It. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. -
A — $*OO; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
Etore; rent $22: business clears above $10i)
per month: living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St., about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his interest for $1000; disagree-
ment cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 26 •£
Kearny st.
A— $1200. ceffee saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan bldg.; a 'good-paying business, but
must be sacrificed on account of owner being
eick in hosoltal. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26 Vi Kearny at.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
A business man with $5000 cash can secure
Interest In established business that will pay
him 100 per cent on his Investment; closest
Investigation solicited.
GEP.MANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market et.
HOTEL for sale In Healdsburg; parties going
East; price very reasonable; don't ask about
It. but come and see it. The Union Hotel;
lease three yeata.
STOCK and fixtures for sale cheap; delicates-
sen store. Box 4566, Call.
WANTED— A man with $500 for half interest
in good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4370. Call office. I
$10,000 WILL bur half Interest Sole Agency !
United States two Imported waters. Ad- i
dre-fs box 4677. Call office.
A— PARTNER WANTED. "'
A your.g man with 10 years' grocery experi-
ence in San Francisco desires to meet man or
woman who will Invest $2000 In the business;
highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
$900 — SALOON; liveliest country town; 30
mllee from San Francisco; best corner and
bet-t equipped saloon in town; 5 living rooms i
and 2 side rooms; rent $-*?0; 2 years' lease.
Address box 3447. Call office.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner '
who will Invest from $100 to $*30.0fi0; we '
have a large number of desirable applicants
oa our book* seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$600 — PARTNER In a well paying and Increas-
ing bu.'lness: will stand thorough investi-
gation; payable within 3 months; no agents.
Apply 510 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen Ftore; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 living rooms. Box i
45Cf», Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying paper and laundry
route In country town, near city. Address
News Agent. Mill Valley, Cal.
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE ~
BTORE FOR SALE; a nire clean Ftock In the
best town In California; invoice about $4C0O;
low rent; iong lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market ft.
FOR SALE— A -weli established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market St.. or write to box -63. Chlco.
DRESSMAKING parlors, completely fitted;
ilviJig-rooms furnished; $125. 1005 Larkin.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures half-Interest
In established Installment house; Investment
secured and $50 weeklv assured
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit C21. Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED — Energetic man. no experience re-
quired, with $1000 to $1500 cash, to share
«-qually in profits of established moving pic-
ture circuit; rare chance for person with
satisfactory references. Novelty Theater,
Oakland.
PARTNER.* small capital. In butcher shop do-
lr.g good business: man fine habits; investi-
gate. Box 4588. Call.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business opportu-
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest Investigation, and we can place
you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or,
1n fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL_i
BEET bargain In a large, dependable rooming-
house; very centrally located; CO rooms and
all large, light and airy; furnished splendidly
nnd in most artistic taste: lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
Is clearing $300 per month, guaranteed; price
$6000; electric elevator; hot and cold wst?r;
modern Improvements; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business;
will sell or exchange for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner building.
" SEE
TETLOW _ DEACON,
Pbone Folsom 2057,
1023 Market St.. between Cth and 7th,
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A— $"000; PRIVATE bcxrdlng-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; r?nt $.15: cheap. $f>00; large list of
houses. C to 200 rooms. EITEL — CARROLL.
212 Keamy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; etamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phono Scott $87.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Men.; Elttings dally. 3i eth et.
EDWARD EARLE. 1032 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4: seances Sunday nnd Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The Flirt Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Franc'soo.
I to hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
tsake no charge if I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false: tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business. Epcculatlon, mining, health and
lest vitality, etc. : bours'10 a. in. to s p. m.
32C — O'Farrell. St.— 32C. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. ¦ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; sh* reads your life correctly, gives an
Kccurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the- future: If you are tn trouble,
discontented or not ratlsfled In life, or hava
domestic iJve or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of ;:>; _Vc up; ratisfactlon guaraa-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 45«>.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted ctair. _ palm.
has second , sight; a wonderrul prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and flnanci.il - success named.
_. 60c: G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
aunts given; £5c ud. 6 1th at.. n~ar Market.
The rich codger, as seen, has a bloominB young br^e.
And to get such a one for long years he had tried;
Till at last he bethought him the best way of all
To secure such a prize was an Ad In The Call.
- So he told of his charms (they, are many, you see).
Ind he mentioned his wealth (which is way up in G).
Tho result is displayed in the girl by his side,
Who is lovely in face and possessed of great pride.California Sugar Refinery to Independent
Electric , Light and Power ; Company, - lot* on
NE corner of Twenty-third and Georgia streets.
E 200 'by N 433,. quitclaim deed; $5.
< Same to same, lot on E line ¦ of Illinois
streeA. 24. N v of Humboldt.' N 2 by E 200; $5.
Wullam 8. Downing to Emma M. Qulllinan.
lot' on NW. comer of Twenty-first avenue and
Lake street. W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
- Alfred P.-HAmpton to Elizabeth C. Cunning
ham. • lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 200
N of California. street, N 25 by"E 120; $10.
. W. J. Gleason to John S. Hanna, lot on E
llneof Ninth avenue.' 212:6 S of Point Lobos
avenue. E 120 by.S 75; $10. r -.
— Frances W. Crawford to Charles W. Cross, ,
lot on ¦• W : line of • Fourteenth ' avenue.' 414 :3 . S
of • J' street • N- 45. -"W; to land of Crockry and
Howard, NE to land of Boston, ,E 187; $10.'.
Home Investment Association to Jeremiah F.
tMary A.Lydon to Francis M. Birdwell lot
on SW line of Laskle street, 226 NW of Mis
sion. -NW 24:6 by SW 85; $10. -
Real Estate and. Development Company to
Olivet Presbyterian Society, lot on SW. corner
of Nineteenth and Missouri streets S 60 by
W 100; grant. ' , .
Katherine Dougherty to Elisabeth Kane lot
on SE line of Minna street. 147:6 NE of
Seventh, NE 60 by SE 80; $1100.
Elizabeth Kane to Jessie W. Robson. same;
?10,000. - ¦• ' * - *
Same to Margaret C. Hill (wife of John E.).
lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 125 E of
Church. E 25 • by N 110: $10.
G. T. and Annie Knopf to Fred E. Ogle lot
on E line of Bryant street, 63 N of Twenty
first, N 25 by E 75; $10.
Eleonore Martin to Francis P. Masson un
divided sixth of lot on w line of Powell
street, 22:9 S of O'Farrell, S :5& by W 137;«
»10.-
Henry and Alice Kabn to Charles E. Han
sen, lot on \V corner of Second and Sliver
streets, NW 70, SW 00, 6E 47, NE 30. SE 23.
NE 60; $10. - '
John F. Sims to Knut A. Lundstrom, lot on
SE corner of Twenty-flrst and Howard streets.
8 41. E 80, 8 25, E 42:0, N 60, W 122:6; $10
Elizabeth Butler to Isabella H. Benson, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street. 180 E of
Guerrero. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Sarah A., Mortimer C. and Sadie K. De
witt to Howard A. Nauman, lot on N line of
Fifteenth street, 100 E of Church, E 25 by N
110; $10.
David and Annie Cohen to Marcus Sheftel,
lot on S line of Bush street, 27:6 E of Web
ster, E 55 by 8 87:6; $10.
Isidor and Berthe Llpman to Stephen 8.
Herrlck, lot on E line of Middle street, 112 - 6
S of California, S 60 by E 89; $10.
•Margaret McDonald to Oustav H., Charles
W. and Ernest H. Schilling, lot on S line of
Clay street. 143:9 E of Fillmore, E 25 by 8
127:41/6: 'f UK
Agnes'" E. Menzles to 1 Mercedes Company
(corporation), lot on SE corner of Turk and
Buchanan streets, ¦¦ E 65' by S 00, ' quitclaim
deed; $5.'
Mary, Peter J., Anna, William H., Rebecca
B., Emma li.. Mary I., Elizabeth E., Martha
J. and Minnie Martensteln to kme, same; $10.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company to
Charles L. Barrett, lot On N line of Bay
street, 106:3 E of Webster,' E 100 by N 275; $5
Leon Frank to Clara Frank, lot on E line of
Webster street, 60. S of Filbert, S 25 by E 100
gift.
Estate of Isaac Sellg (by Frederick Sellg,
executor) to William Wolf, lot on NW corner
of O'Farrell and Gough streets, N 30 by W
137:6; $18,000. -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.f Bid- Ask.
Colehan — 1$ Paymaster ... — JO
Esperanza ... 01 02. Rescue Oil 05
Gold Mount.. — 05;Ton Belmont. 75 95
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton & Cal... — -21
Lucky Tcm .. — OS Ton Nevada. . 5 J5 6 <j
llaeNamara . — 13 Ton N Star. .. 32 34
XTizpah — 20 Ton Midway.. 33 — ¦
Mont Ton..l 10 1 12'»,Vnlted Ton... — 12
H Y Ton — C5l • - . . - ¦ ¦ ¦
Confidence ... 50 6dSavag8 14 15
Con Cal 4Va W 05 Scorpion- 01 £J
Con Imperial. 03 0."S Scg Belcher . . 06 ©rt
Con N Y 02 03 Sierra Ner... 27 29
Crown Point. 13 14 i Silver Hill ... 51 • 53
Eureka Con.. — 50, St Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer .. *ll 12, Syndicate .... 04 Ort,
Gould & Cur. 20 22 I'nion Con ... 3.V ,i,
Hale A N'orc. 50 51 Utah 11 12
Lady Wash .. — 01 Yellow Jack.. 32 34
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
OAKLAND, Nov. 20.— Jose LjeQn # an
aged Cuban, who for more than four
teen years has been an Inmate of tha
county infirmary, died this morning.
Leon is supposed to have been nearly
100 years of age. ¦' : • :
Aged Native of Cuba Dead.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 20.— The Manual
Training: and Drawing:. Teachers* Asso
ciation Vrlll meet in convention Jn As
sembly. Hall of the Alameda High
School to-morrow morning at half -past
10 o'clock. President A. . B. Clark of.
the organization will direct the delib
erations of the meeting.' School Super
intendent Fred T. Moore and Principal
A. "W. Scott of the Alameda High
School will welcome the visiting peda
gogues. „.. .•• . .' ¦. -¦ '-:•:
Convention of Teachers. \
Christian J. and Henrietta Smith to E. R. |
and Elizabeth Patterson, lot beginning at SW ;
Mary Cone (wife of John) to Annie, Charles,
Kathryn and Lovell Cona (children), equal
shares, lot on W line of Poplar street, 273 S
of West Tenth. S 23 by W 115, lot 40. block
C50. map blocks 549 and 550, portion of block
564, Oakland; gift.
' -Berry-Bangs Land Company (corporation) to
U. M. Thomas, lot on W line of Regent street,
110 N of Stuart, N 60 by W 140. lot 3, block
E. Berry-Bangs Tract, Map No. 2, etc, Berke
ley, deed and agreement; $10.
Johanna C. Brombacher (widow) to Frank
Glmbel. lot on W line of High street. 100 N
of Jones. N 52 by W 130, lots 16 and 17, block
46, Tract . B. Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association. Berkeley: $10.
J. C. and Mary E. Me Mull en (wife) to Alfred
C. >Rulofson Sr., lot 82. block 4, map Grove
etreet Line Tract. Berkeley: $10.
George and Nellie M. Schmidt (wife) to
Mary E. Griffin (widow), lots 23 and 24, block
65, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $10.
Charles, Andrew, William H., . F. p. and
J. M. or Jdfeeph Summers and Eleanor O.
Stanley to Mary E. Summers, undivided
eighth of following: Lot on S line of Twen
tieth street, 125 W of Castro. W 25 by S 100.
block 294, Board man's map, Oakland; also lot
on S line of Twentieth street, 115 E of Brush.
E 35 by S 100. block 294. same map, Oak
land; $10. -- \ ?
Same to Isabel Summers, undivided »$ Inter
est in fame, Oakland; $10.
Minnie J. and C. w. Davis to w. C. and
Sarah A. Barrett, lot on N lino of Thirty-sixth
street. 803:6 W of Telegraph avenue, N 150,
W 38:7. 'SW J50:0%. E 86, portion plat 11,
Kellersberger's map Ranchos V. and I>. Peral
ta, Oakland: $10. • ¦>-
Jane Short (widow), to Fred and Lewis
Relchhold, lot on S line of Forty-third street.
140 E of Linden, E 50 by S 1C0. lot 6 block
2004, Aldan tract at Temescal, Oakland; $10.
. Minnie Gaston to Eddie L. Hays, lot on S
line of Santa. Fe avenue. 801.15 — from West
Ban Pablo avenue, W 80 by 8 10C. 63. lot 48
William M. Butters tract No. 2, Oakland: $10.
C. L. . and Mary Sturm to Karl H. Nickel,
lot 20, block G. Map No. 2. Linda Vista Ter
race. Oakland; $10.
Calvin H. and Mary I* Wlnchell to Ella May
McKenzle. lot on SE corner of Blake and Ells
worth streets." 8 44:10 by E 8T, portion lot 14
block B, Leonard tract, ¦ Berkeley; , $10. .
• Ella M. and Andrew C. McKenzie to Calvin
8. Winchell, lot 12, map 'Hardy tract, Berks
j'udson and Catharine: Wheeler to James L.
Barker and W. J.- Mortimer, lot 12; block 2
lots 13 and 14.: block 1, lots 7 to 9. block 5
amended map portion La « Loma Park and
Wheeler tract, Berkeley: $100. •
Fanuie A. and Isaac D. Wood (husband, as
attorney) to Margaret Chedd (wife Joseph), lot
on S line of Thirty-fourth street. 241 W of Mar
ket, W 37:6 bv S 100. block P. property of Cen
tral Land Company. Oakland; $10.
Margaret H. Baker and MUllcent H. Baker
(single) to Kate M. White (wife J. E-). lot on
N line of Laurel street. 367:1 E of Telegraph
avenue. E 50 by N 11S:4, lot 11. Lincoln Home
stead Union. Oakland; $10.
Calvin A. Shaw (single) to Myra Whidden
(wife Myron A.), lot UUVa and E 8:3 of lot 99,
amended ma? of subdivisions of Mosswood
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Mary C. Young to Charles E. Young (hus
band) lot on W line of Filbert street. 114 :<i S
of West Twelfth (since widened to 80 feet), 8 75
by W 123, block E. Oakland Central Homestead
Association, Oakland; gift.
A. D. and Amelia E. Wilson (wife) to An
drew Johnson, lot on S line of Forty-fifth
street. 100 E of Watts, E 50 by S 123. block 5.
map of portion of Coggeshall Tract, West San
Pablo avsnue, Emeryville. Oakland Township;
$10.
Same to Jens K. Jensen, lot on S line, of
Forty-fifth street. 150 E of Watts. E 50 by 3
125, block 5. same map. Oakland Township;
$10.
Joseph L. and Mary E. Gorman (wife) to
Arthur M. Lucas, lot on N line of Durant ave
nue 275 W of Fulton street. W 50 by N" 130.
block 14, Map block 14, College- Homestead
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Hannah Emslie. H. A. and Charles C. Emslle
(sons) to J. A. Marshall, all Interest lot on SE
corner of Dana and Derby streets. S 179:4. E
161:0 2-3, N 186:2, W 211:66, lots 3 to 8 and
portions 2 and 9, block N. Leonard tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Auguste E. Laldlaw (executor estate Julia
E A. Hinz) to R. W. Miller, all interest being
an undivided V* Interest In lot 56. Villa Home
stead. Berkeley; $75.
Oakland Transit Consolidated (corporation) to
Sarah A. McKee (widow), beginning at point
on W boundary land conveyed to Oakland Con
solidated Street Railway Company. 457 D. 42.1,
said point bearing SW 16O.3O distant from NW
corner block E. thence along eaid W boundary
line of said land. SE 67.50 to SW corner said
land thence NE 65.52. etc.. NW 67.6a SW
C5.46 to beginning, block F. Paradise Park:
also lot on S line of Felton street, distant SW
119. IS from NW corner block E, at SE corner
Felton and Grove streets, etc.. thence along S
line of Felton, SW 26.22, SE 43.2O. NE on
¦ curve to left radius 2941.50 feet. 50.53 feet to
beginning of block F. Berkeley; $10.
John A. and Mary L. Nowell (wife) and
Emily A. N. Bland Nowell (wife George A.) to
James Wllllson (married), lot on NE corner
of Bay or Dayton avenue and Paru street. E
147 by N 50. lot 18. block Q. Oak Park. Ala
meda;- $10.
Harry L. and Nyda W. Holcomb to Edward
C. and Harrison S. Robinson. lot on S- line of
Sherman street or Old County road, 188.67 NE
from SE line ol Adeline. NE 81.88. SW 333.27,
NW 09. NE 289.17, Brooklyn Township; $30.
Irene B. Woodhams and N. A. Judd (trustees
under will, of Elizabeth G. Judd) to Lester C.
and Edna Richmond, all Interest acquired un
der decree of distribution October 30. 1890, lot
on N line of Williams street, 100 W of Tele
graph avenue. W 100 by N 89:6. Oakland;
Sarah F. and David W. Swain to Denis H.
Kehoe. lot on N line of ,Thirty-second avenue.
533:6 E of Grove street. E 33:6, N 152.83, W
33:6, etc., S 115.55. portion of lots 9 and 10.
block 2043, Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
liam Cook, three acres beginning at point S
57U. W 150 feet distant from NW corner of
John Everding's land, said corner at NE corner
of land formerly of William Schmidt, thence
SE 862:8. SW 155:9, NW 842:», NE 153:4 to
beginning-. Berkeley, quitclaim d«ed: $10.
Frank F. and Cora M. Dodge (wife) to Octa
vius H. Hull, lot beginning at point on NW
line cf Redwood road, 8« SW ol Davis street.
SW 56. NW 124.33. NE 55.6, etc., SE 12S.0D.
lots 7S and 79, block C, Fruitvale Villa Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emma and C. A. Bettllyon and Lewis E. and
Maud Dabcld (by Herbert F. Patterson, com
missioner) to Continental Building and Loan
Association, lots 47 and 4S. block A. Fruitvale
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $1200.
Hannah L. and Frank Severio to George M.
.Clover, lot on B line, of Park street (before,
widening to 80 feet). 54:4 S of San Jose ave
nue S 26 by B 132:1%. block 16. Alameda
Park Homestead, except strip 1O feet wide
along NW side taken to widen Park street,
etc.. Alameda: $10.
J. Frank and Carrie M. Hose to O. L. Hose,
lot on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 190
E of West, E 23 by N 100. lot 52. block 202 1,
map No. 2, Whltcher Tract, etc.. Oakland:
gift.
J. F. and Elizabeth Lougbery (wife) and
Ellen Loughery (widow) to L. G. Uorpee. lot
on S line of Thlrty-ftrst street. 197 :tt E of
West, E 32:6 by S 140, portion lets 14 and
15, block 2031. Oakland: $10.
Harry L. Holcomb to Harrison S. Robinson,
lot on N line of Thirty-seventh street. 340 W
of Telegraph avenue. N 150 by W 'JU, portion
J. B. Bon Tract, also portion plat 11. and
being E 3<> feet lot 2, Roosevelt Terrace. Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to J. Charles Harris,
lot 15, block S. Alpine Tract, Oakland, deed
and agreement; $10.
William M. Butters Jr. (single) to Emma
C. Searles, lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue,
"S'A.i:> W of San Pablo avenue, W 30 by 3
106.62. lot 67. map- No. 2, William M. Butters
Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to Claudina
II. Stocklrd. lot on N line of Carleton street.
163 E of Dana. E 38 by N 134:5, portion lots
15 and 16, block L, Leonard Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
B. Kelseyto Andrew Andersen or .*_r.^erson.
lot 11, block 770, Syndicate Investireat Com-
pany's subdivision block 751, etc.. Levy and
Lane Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim
deed; ?5.
Andrew I* Anderson (widower) to William T,
Fleming, lot on S line of Orchard street or
avenue. 358.27 E of New Broadway. SW 139-93
SE 8.32, SW 63:3*3. NW 20:8. NE 199:8, SE
32 to beginning. Academy Homestead. Oakland ;
$10. s^
Hattie F. Dewing (widow) to~"John Conant,
lot on N line of Thirtieth street, 115 E of West,
E 150 by N 110. lots 24 to 2tt. block 2034. Row
land Tract, Oakland: $10.
Dormer and Bertha J. Walsh to Mary A.
Tomllnson, lot on X line of Hancock street.
350 feet W of Telegraph avenue. W 60 by N
110. lots 41 and 42. Drexler Tract. Oakland;
$10.
August and Johanna M. or Johanna Mary
Rohrweber (wife) to Elmus A. Chappell. lot
on SW corner of Salem street and Wallace
avenue or Forty- fifth street. W.137. S 299.55.
E 137.55, N 213.75. lots 6 to 8. and an un
numbered piece of- land marked Metcalf map
Coggeshall Tract, E San Pablo avenue, Emery
ville, deed given to correct description 923 D.
384. Oakland Township; $10.
R. M. and Laura. C. Fitzgerald to -J. L.
McLaren Jot on NW corner of Telegraph ave
nue and Haste atreet. X 95 by W 117, Berke
ley; 810.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Charles F.
and Emrr.a Moll. Pond, lot on N line of Ridge
road. 100 W of Bonte avenue, W 50 by N 140,
lot 13, block 19, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley,
deed and agreement; $10.
Same to Ellen J". McHenry, lot on N line of
Ridge road. 100 W of Bonte avenue, W 23 by
N 140 being E half of lot 11. block 19. same;
$10.
Christian and Christian Schlake Jr. to Wil-
Alameda County.
, \Martha H. Sllverthorn to O. B. Rlvara, lot
on S line of Broad street. 322:0 Y7 of Capital.
W €2:6 by S 123. block F. Railroad Homestead
Association; $350.
Arethusa and Frank J. Kortlck to Thomas
H. Korttck lot on B line of Chenery street.
355 N of Randall. N 31. B 120. S 31: W 125,
lot 14. block 29, Fairmount: also lot on \V
line of Southern Pacific Railroad Usck. 23*
N of Randall street. W 176:0. N 102:6. E 1«8.
S 125 lots 5. 6. 7, 11. 12 and 15. block 29.
earner grant. ' J
Sullivan, lot on E line of Thirty-first avenue*
173 N of Q street. N 100 by B 120; $10.
Ferdinand L. or F L. Kielmann and Flor
ence Kellmann to Annie Poole. lot on.SW line
of Mateo street. 50 NW of Chenery. NW 25
by SW 112. lot 184. block «. Falrmount: $10.
corner land formerly conveyed to second par
ties herein, 7S» D. 252.' tbence W 2S by N
265.M, Brooklyn Township; $10. .
James A. and Maude E. Marsro. to, Charles
L. Taylor, lot* 0. 11, 13 and 14, map subdi
vided Jot 30, Fasktng Park. Alameda: $1O.
Delia J. F. Wood (executrix estate William
El Brown) to •James Tyson. ¦ all interest in
lots 20 and n. Bay Side tract. Alameda; $2023.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER. 21. 1903.
15
PERSOXALS.
A BPECIAL KATE.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have, made prices to since Jan.
1. 1003, and for the ensuing SO days only. I wUl
snaJcc a liberal t-eduction from all price* for my
¦pecial ar.3 inimitable deep-wrinlue treatment.
The lady who bas been on exhibition for some
tin* past In the drugstore windows may be seen
at xr.y clfiee tt'.t week from 10 to 6. in order to
accommodate ttcse who have requested to ex-
air.lne the face more thoroughly la private.
I teach ir.y profession. M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 CfarreU ct.. near Larkin.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its gTowth,«tcps falling, curt* dsndruS
and Itching isctlp; r.o rta'.n 'or stickiness;
c:«.fi.r.ns scalp^t druggists'. hairdressers' ; ao-
cept r.o substitute, gtar Remedy CO..133S Polk
WRINKLES and an facial blemishes removed
toy new Parisian method: superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolys-ii- : lesson* Rlvert In man-
icuring; tenr.s reasonable. MllE. H. EAST-
WOOD. r. 7C2. Alto bids.. Eush and Kearny.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the iwwlng-macfcln* of to-day. J.
W. EVANS. Egret. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently mor/Mne. cocaine habit. Call or
*££rccs Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner gutter tt,; fee moderate.
DRCVKE.VNES8. morphine and all drags <Ils-
»«kj positively cured* by Willow Bark Co.,
1S39 Polk st. ; consultation free-; call or write.
AT less thaa coet, uncalled for suits overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market »t.
UQUOR habit cured In 2 days .or no charts;
«:uaxarte*d. Acme Li<j»or Cure Co. 097 Mar-
ket «t.. room 2C3.
ELEGANT suits on *ary Installments- 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh end Eighth.'
DAN'CINO Tuesday. Tfcur-sday. Saturday. Sun-
«ay evgs.. Teuionla HaU. Howard St., nr.
Up; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
country orOers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and ir.sj!<juer-
aie costumes rented. 28 O'Farrell Et.
BClTS to order on Installments. Jl r*r week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch.tallora. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS haJr & moles removed by elec-
trtc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered cr rei«.lred Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; &ree • pants $2 .'.0.
Mjsfit Clothing Parlor, cor. EuJh aad Dupont.
ALTREDUK'S Egyptian nrana restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
EuptrCuous ha'r ar.3 rr.oles removed with elec-
tf.c needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and b**t In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to «ny address In the
T'nited States or Canada one year for $1,
nofftmre paid.
PALMr&TRY.
MME. DEVAS. tcienlaic palmist and astrolo-
girt: palm readings $1; S Questions by ex-
preag. >i ; opx-n Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGAARD has moved to her new
bigg., 2i2 Pcst;phone James 1; mail readings.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor Ft., neur Geary. Phone Black S61.
PAPERHAXC1XO. PAt.VTIXG. ETC.
P.OOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartrr.arin Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; UI. Main 413.
PHVSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELL — Offlce and residence.
». 10C1H Market rt.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar fct •<¦-•. ti :i paid to diseases of wnraen.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG KIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases cf the human body; for
I^st four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. euccessor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 713 Post «.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — Ail dis-
•*asen cured by Chin>s« hi»rbs. 74<>— S Clay st.
j» ROOMS JTOR^IIOCSEKEEFIXG.
FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny bay-window room with
kitchen; bath; pas; 2 single, together cr
separate.
GEARY. R7* — Sunny basement. 4 rooms; cora-
plete for housek«>f ping.
CKAJtT. 1223 — Cottage, three furnished house-
keeping rooms ; gas, running water, garden.
CEART. 1033 — $20; com. rooms. 2 beds, bath,
toilet, gas and coal stovr*; adults.
GOLDEN GATE avp.. KH2— Parlor floor of 4
rooms, furnished; tsse of piano; conveniences
of entire fiat: sunny and pleasant.
.JACKFON, 1517 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
LAPJCIN. KICB — 1 nicely furnished front houi=e-
kc-Ting rooms; running water; bath, phone.
MARKET. 1218 — To let; 6 rooms, partly fur-
nished: (12: rear; upstairs; cheap. WIL-
LIAM BURNS.
M1FSIOX. 1003— Elegar.t front suite, complete
for housekeeping; running water, gas, phone.
MODEL HOfSE. lZOfTstockton st.— Newly fur-
— nished roomr, S5-?12; bath. ras. phone.
3 PARTLT furr.!«hed rooms: rent fI2. In-
quire grocery store, comt-r 20th and Capp Fts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements end
subscription* has been established at 1OXJ
Valencia et.
Hoowkpg Room*-— Apsrtm't Ilonnea.
THE Fr**lTick. »01 Stanyan. opp. Park — Fnrn.
apartineut*: pri. bath : steam br-ater : Janitor.
ROOMS TO I,i:T — I'arn. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth st. — Rooms
2Sc to $1 per r.l^ht. $1 25 to $5 p<?r woek and
light housekeeping roon-.s; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," K7S Markrt *t. (r> r No 1
Fifth rt.> — Koons. 25c. SOc, 11. $1 &O night;
$1 50 to J10 wwk; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market fold No. 1364) — Fur^
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elejrantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEHfiADERO. 1528 — 1 or 2 Eunny ur.furniehed
front rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave.—
Funny front rooms; all conveniences; suita-
bl» for 1 or 2; ?10.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mls5'.on — Rooms 50o
to |1 50 eight; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. SC3, esst U. S. Mint— Furnished room.
16 per month; for 2. IH.
LAGUNA an4 McAllister. Et. James flat— £un-
xsy elr^rle room.
JflNTH. 113—2 eunny furnished rooms; rent
reasonable.
NINTH. 119 fOUesple)— Nicely furnished rooms.
II SO to t2 50 p*r week; SOc to 75o per night!
P.OTAL Houte. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
V reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. S5c to SI 50; wck. J2
to $8; -month. $8 to 130; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
2 FURNISHED rooms to let; good for man
and wife; $3 month. Apply g'J2 Third et.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market —
400 single and family rooms; S5c to $1 night;
II 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; fre* bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. £19 — Handsome eunny furnished
suites and eingle rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
SSc to $1 CO night; $2 to $9 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch orr.ee. cor. Duncan & Church ets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st. :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at lOisJ
Valer.cla rt. — ,- -' -,v
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NE£S AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMEPJCAN PLAN.
PHONE PKIVATE EXCHANGE 70fl.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS tFAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECV-L RATES CT MONTH.
MTJXCER & ZCHrRQ. PROPRIETORS.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary et. and Van New
ave., has chanred hands; hereafter conducted
firrt -c'.atrs f&rr.lly hotel; table board specialty.
8TUDENTS will find a cood home and board
reasonable at 570 Harriaon St., Rlncon Hill;
four blocks from the Palace Hotel.
ETEVENSON mansion. 8C7 California st. — At-
tractive and eirh'ly rooms; best tabie and
lowest rates.
JT^EEJCB news for S cent« — The "Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
JlOOMS ASD UOARD WAATED.
WANTED — A. suite of rooms with board for
man and wife in a first-class hotel or board-
tng-house north of Market street, en or near,
a car line; elate rates. Address Box 4470,
Call office.
PROPOSALS— Contlnned.
PROPOSALS for' Clothing and Equipage.
"Depot Quartermaster's Offlce, 36 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, California, No-
vember 9. lOtt'l. — Sealed proposals. In tripli-
cate, will- be received at this office until 10
o'clock a. m..,- Monday, November 23, 1903,
¦ Paclflc Standard Time, and then opened, for
furnishing at either the Philadelphia, Bos-
ton. Chicago or' San Francisco depots, of
Mattresses, Pillows, Mattress Covers. Bed
Sheets, Pillow Cases and Card Holders, con-
. forming - in all . respects to standards and
specifications to be seen at this office. Quan-
tities to be subject to an increase cf 20 per
cent,- -if desired by the Department. Bida
for the same articles will be opened same
' time at the other depots above mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
nature of the articles to be furnished, bid-
ders will carefully examine the standard
FanipIeR and specification*, so that proposals
may be , submitted by them * with a full
¦Oinowledge of what will be required, as an
absoluto . Compliance ' with the standards and
epeolflcatlons will be Insisted upon In the
Inspection of, the goods. Unguaranteed K^s,
and -bids for delivery or inspection at oth:r
points than those named above, will not be
considered. . Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must , state in their proposals the
rate and time of dsllvery. should contract be
awarded to them. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
and such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Paclflc Coast to th» extent
of the consumption required by the public
service there. T*e United State" reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks . for proposals '¦ will ' be furnished on
application.. Envelopes containing proposals
will be lnaorsed, ! "Proposals No. 8679," and
addressed to .Major C. A. Devol. Quarter-
master. U.^S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. .-
1 . 1 .?. 1^?. , Ajfp supplies.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
rc»nt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter at.
_STjORAdE^ANJD_\VAREHaUSES/
A^^M^RH?M~^to7«"geif&~Van Co.; furnltureT
household gcods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLJN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
¦ ft. : tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STLTTERIXG AXI * - STAMMER1> _ G ';
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cum
In every case; Individual teaching:- no medt-
clne. Inquire Into wonderfut cures :bome cure.
TYPEWRITERS AXI>J5UPPLIES.
GREATiBARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
fell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $:5. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $.TO each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110. Mont-
gomery st. .
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co..- 508 Market.
MARK! AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
j-fsterdsy:
Charles A. Pryor, 22, Memphis, Tenn., and
Emalee M. Smith. 10. 2005 Mission street.
Henry Volkman, 25, 321 V* Tehama street,
and Pauline Anthenlen, 29, 7U3 Howard street.
John G. Macdonald. 43. 1120 Market street,
anil B. Josephine Curtis, 21, 816 Masan street.
Jakop O. Kaleva. 22. West Berkeley, and
Maria A. Kolanakka. 21. West Berkeley.
Victor Jalo, 2S, 4SB Rausch street, and LU-
lic Helenius, 31, 48B Rauach street. '
Owen E. Smith, 3!t, 125 Silver street, and
Christina Ppencer. 3S, 125 Silver street.
Charles Anderson, 31. 031 Broderlck street,
and Svea V. Peterson, 21, 031 Broderlck street,
vjiax Mlerson. ;t5, Placervlllc, and Edna E.
Frank. 21, 1210 California street.
Adolph Adams. 21, 1029 Greenwich street,
and Elizabeth Burke, 18. \1S"l\-i Broadway.
Samuel S. Hall. 37. 73v> Ellis street, and
Phebe Kay, 31, 718 Oak strecc. ;
Edward J. O'Connor, 2ti. 345 Utah' street,
and Maggie Molloy, 19, 22 Thirteenth street.
Charles Clevejr-, 33, 45.T Tehama street, and
Martha' Hennini:,' 34, "453 Tehama etreet.
Wllhelm.B. Somod. 31. 774 Harrison street,
and Mario Petersen. 20, city.
births-marriaqes-deathT"
Birth, marriage apd death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BOYD — In Esn Rafael. October 31. 1B03. to
the wife of Thomas P. Boyd (nee Verdenal),
a daughter.
DRISCOLL— In this city. November 20, 1003.
to the wife of Florance Drlscoll, a son.
_ DIED. ~
Arzave, Guadalupe Lelchsenrlnjr, Ludwig
Baker. Annie McLaughlln. John
Bolllnger. Francis Mahoney, Emily
Brown, Benton B. Marsden, Amelia B.
Brownlow, Chas. B. Mervy, Alphonse J. •
Commlns, Leo R. Moriarty, B. Ellen
Edwards, Ernest Mulholland, Hugh
Edwards. Mary E. Nee, Mary
De Lucca, Annie Nell, Thomas
De Wolf, Louisa Rowley, Brainard N.
Galpen. Frances H. Sahling, E. K. /
Hawton, Kllzabeth Sandberg, Walfordv
Himmel. Alice Smith, Mabel II. J.
King, Manuel J. Vosseler. Christine
¦ Larrabaster. Lucy ' Wintringer, Paul
Lehman, Bertha ____
ARZAVE — In this city. November 20. 1903.
Guadalupe, beloved daughter of Juan Jose
and Esther Arzave, a nativo of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 days.
BAKER— In this city, November 19, 1903, An-
nie, beloved wife of Frederick W. Baker,
daughter of the late James and Annie Hall,
«nd sister of Mrs. A. J. EBtellta, Mrs. R.
Dprrance and the late John Hall, a native
of S»n Francisco, aged 25 years 10 months
and 7 days.
EXFriends* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage.
BOLLINGER— In this city. November 20, 1903,
Francis, beloved husband of the late Morn-
ing Bolllnger, and brother of Mrs. Emma
Doll and the late Nicholas Bolllnger, a na-
tive of St. Louis, Mo.. . aged 64 years. (St
'Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
ID P Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), ' at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
. McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, November 19, 1003.
Benton B. Brown, a native of St. Louis, Mo.,
aged 00 years. ' A member of the Paper-
hangers' Union No. 609.. . \
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFaddcn, McBrearty & Green> 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Mount Olivet
tery.
BROWNLOW — In this city, November 20, 1903,
Charles B. Brownlow, a native -of Kentucky,
aged V! years. A member of Laurel Lodge
No. 4.TK. Of P. - ~ ¦ ¦
(ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
COMMINS— In this city, November 19,' 1003.
Leo Richard. • dearly beloved Infant- son of
James E. and Maurle Cummins, brother of
' Maggie. Alice, Evelcne and Ruth Commlns,
and grandson of Mrs. Margaret Egan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
28 days. ,
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 22, at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the « parents, 3430 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
EDWARDS — In this city, November 20, 1903,
Ernest Edwards, a native of England, aged
20 years. : ¦ . '
EDWARDS— In this. city. November 20, 1903,
Mary E.. beloved wlf e^of -Officer John Ed-
wards, -mother of Alice and John ¦ Edwards,
and litter of William. John N. and Jere-
miah Hurley and Mrs. John C. Ward, a na-
tlve-of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 31 years.
|E3"Nottce of funeral hereafter./ • ¦
DE LUCCA— In this city, November 20,. 1903,
Annie, beloved wife of W.'.O. de Lucca, and
daughter of Mrs. . Bach, a native of Ger-
many, aged 24 years and 2. months. ,V, • •
- E7The funeral will- take place Sunday.
November '- 22, at 1 :S0 : o'clock, from 1812
-Taylor street.... Interment, Mount Olivet
Cemetery- ' Funeral , private. Please omit
flowers.
DE WOLF — In this v city, November 20, 1903,
Loulea, ¦ beloved wife of the -late Bernard de (
- Wolf, .-a-natlve -of Hanover, Germany, aged
. -85 years. •' •¦'"'.; : '¦ ". :.. "-': ..--vY;
GALPEN — October 30, 1003,. at her residence,
- 71 -East -Fifty- fourth, street. ~ New York,'
-Frances Helen, daughter of the late Edward
Galpen..: " ,-•._,..^.~
E7Interment i in
HAWTON— In this - city, ; November 18, 1803,
-Eli zabeth ?< L. ; . i beloved t wlf e of , Robert ; T.
Hawton, (and mother of Frank J. and Maria
Hawton, : a native ; of . England. . ; _ -
: (E7 Friends and acquaintances are. ¦respect-
fully invited to* attend ' the funeral Saturday/
RE Al^ EJT ; \TJE~^T^--FOR SALE.
G?H. UMBSEN'& CO.,
' 20 MONTGOMERY BT.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. .:
$25,000 — Splendid- site for an apartment-house;
Hyde st: 60x112:6; 2 houses_10 rooms
and bath each. Tenting for $100 per
month; improvements of little- value. , : ¦
523.000— Near City Hall. on. Franklin St.; 2
houses, C rooms each; 2 flats of C rooms
and 6 flats, 3 rooms each; bay-windows,
brick foundations, etc.: rents $188: lot
JCa-fcot front. -•¦* .' -..
$21,000 — Oth st.. close to Mission; lot and im-
provements; 40- foot front; a splendid
buy. ¦' • » '
$15,000~Rcnts $07 E0 per month, which are
low; H.d St., close to Folsom; 2 stores
and flat; a splendid holdlng_to Improve.
$14,000 — Rents $1(0 per month; close to How-
ard and 1st <rt».t-«tore and hotel of 30
rooms; lot 25x85.
$11,000— Price reduced : rented $1234 Der an-
num; 6 flats and large lot, 55- foot front
on Grove St.; near the City Hall.
$11,500 — Rents low at $80 per month; corner
cloee to Brannan and 3d sts.; Improve-
ments consist of store, flats and dwell-
ings; large lot, 35x100; 3 frontages.
$9,000 — Rents f68 per month, which are very
low; Mission St.: one cf the best busl-
mjts blocks; 2 stores and 2 flats; lot 40-
foot front.
$9,000— Rents $68 per month; Howard St..
near 10th; 3 modern fiats, 5-6-7 rooms
and bath each; lot 24x137:6.
$3,000 — Rents $85 per month; £loss to 1st and
Folsom sts.: 7 good flats, "*-5 rooms,
bath each: always rented; lot 50x70.
$7,700 — Near Oth and Folaom sts.; 4 flats, 5
and 4 rooms and bath; bay-windows,
brick foundations, etc.: rents $76; 36:6
x£5-
$6,S50— Rents $73 per month; corner on 25th
st. ; improvements consist of store and
• 5 flats.
$5,750— Near Valencia and 14th St.; 4 flats,
6-3 rooms and bath each; bay-windows,
brick foundations, etc.; rente $55; 25x70.
$5,250— A bargain; very nice park residence
of 0 rooms and bath; 25x137:0.
$4,500 — Rents ?54ff per annum; near Taylor
Ft. and Broadway: 4 flats and lot 37:8
x00.
$4,100— Rents $3S T>er month; Clementina St.,
near {ith: 2 good flats, 4-5 rooms and
bath each.
$3,500— Rents $32 per month; Clara St., close
to 4th; 2 good flats and rear cottage
of 4-5 rooms each; lot 25x90.
?3,100 — Corner on Bryant st., near 6th; un-
improved lot,- 25x75.
$3,000— Rents $20 per month, which are low;
coj-ner near 24th and Sanchez; improve-
ments consist of a store and flat of
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
$3,000 — Rents $31 per month; cloee to 6th and
Harrison Ets. ; 3 fiats, 4 rooms each;
25xS0.
For further particulars of the above and
for the "Real Estate Record," containing a
list of properties for sale in all parts of the
city, apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEX' & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
Real Kstate Agents and Auctfoneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnlzed streets; lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
. our office. G. H. I'MBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
gomery St.: Real Estate Agents and Auc-
! tioneers.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath: sunny, modern and up-
to-date In every particular; Nos. 960 and IKVS
Clayton >t.. near Golden Gate Park; price
«P10O and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ' ranches, orchards.
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTEft CO.. 04S
Market st.
FOR sale — A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each 50x70 feet. In a town in Sonoma County.
For particulars apply at Call offlce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TQ CONTRACTORS.
• •
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California. Novem-
ber 1C. 1003.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this cJfico at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23. 1003, for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets en the 1 water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Boar.l und adopted by the
Board August 27, UK&, and on file in this
office, to which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with e.nd embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90.000 tons of stons; the wharf will
contain 56,060 square feet pf wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the oonptruc-
tlon of the seawall and end embankments
. will consist of Etone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two classes-' of stone will ; be recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment cf sixe-
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this claes of stone must be free
of Beams and marked lines of cleavage
The- second claes will include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted sizes, but
no stone less than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry. ,
The materials for" the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow flr piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes, etc., all of tho best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless It Is made
on a blank form furnished from this offlce
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the "Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (Q days after the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
eaid work, according to the plans and spec-
Incatlons prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In
such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
eldercd by this Board unless delivered to the
Bfcretarj' or to the a?siptant secretary at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1003, at which time and plac<wthe
bids will be onened. . t -
The Board reserves the right to reject any cr
all bids if deemed for the best interest of
the State. \
Bidders are Invited to be present at the open-
iifc of the bids. yen
OH A S> II. EFEAR,
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary,
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice is hereby
giver, that seiled proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at its office, room 13. 320
Bansome St.. San Francisco, Cal., up to 11
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5,
1903. and opened Immediately thereafter in the
presence of bidder*, for furnishing and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary supplies,
etc.. for the Veterans' Home, Napa County.
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1904, and ending
June 30, l&Ol. Schedules with Information
and instructions for submitting bids will be.
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions cf the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it is in accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea, coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted. No bids
will be received from parties who are not
regular dealers in and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check*
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. ; Mason
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves tho right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount specified.- Address JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of. the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13, 320 Sansome street. San Francisco
Cal. . .
By order \>T the Board of Directors ; :
JOHN F. SHEEHAN, Secretary.
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction' U
& Postof flee. Courthouse, etc., 1044 Mission
• »t., San Francisco. Cal.— Healed proposals
will be received at the above named office
until January 13. 1004. for the construction
packing, shipping and delivery of the interior
finish, etc.. of the U. 8. legation buildings
Peking, China, In accordance with drawings
and specifications, copies of which may be
obtained at this office.- , '
J. W. ROBERTS. Superintendent. '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 13, 1&03-— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., December 18. 1903, and
then opened for construction of a brick hos-
pital (Including plumbing, gas piping: and
heating). at Fort McDowell.;, Cal. . Government
• reserves right to reject or accept any, or all
bids In whole or In part. Information fur-
: nished on ; application to - WM:-= S. '. PATTEN,"
Aest. Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
-^ry~5s^ Steamers leave San B*ran-
¦/^Ny^-^P^^ Cisco as follows: . -'¦ »*--• •••
fySfTi XitfV For Ketchlkap, Wrangel.-
/UvTOWSn vA Juneau. Haines, Skagway.
I i VSt»^ I 1 » tc - Alaska— 11 a. m., Nov.
I \ \w£B-i I 22. 27. I*o. 2. Chan?e to
\*\Vl/u7 company's eteamera ai Seat-
X4>fsV@'' op Victoria. Vancouver,
*» --*^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m., Nov. 22, 27.
Dec 2. Chanse at Svattle to thla company's
steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry.; aC Seattle
or Tacdma to "N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
Fo* Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Nov. 24. 3O. Dec. 6; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Nov. 21. 27. D»e. S. ..-.:.
For Los Angeles (via Port L©» Angelea. and
Redcndo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. i> a. m. - ¦ • , '
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and E*st
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cna. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3an
Luis Ohlspo). Ventura and Hueneme. . '..-
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. Dec. 3. .,
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Nov. 2H 2».- Dtse. T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. A Kara. La Paa. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayraas (Me*.). 10 a. m.» 7th of each;
month. ¦ • • . . . .-
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.- • '",; - - \
TICKET OrriCES — ( New Montgom-
ery street (Palac* Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. - . • . . ..-.-.
Freight offlce, 10 Market s.treet.
CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Maiket street. San Francisco.
- O. Ft. & N. CO.
7Columbla" sails Nov. 19. 29. Deo. 9. 19.
29. "Georga W. Elder" sail* Nov. 24. Dec.
4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to *U
points East. Through tickets to all point?.
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. P*sa. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. > ¦
AMERICAN t,I3TE.
New Tori — Southampton— London.
St.Paul,Nov.28.9:30 am|St.Louls.Dec.l2.9:30 am
Phlla...Dec. 5. 9:30 ami N-Tork. Dec. 19,0:30 am
ATLANTIC TBAMSPOST r.KTE.
New York — London Street. • »-¦•
Mlnne'ha.Nov. 2». noonlMln'fka.Dec. 12. noon
Menomlnee.Dec. 5, 9 aro|M«saba..De«. 19. » am
Only First-Class Passengers Carried. -
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada Nov. SSj Dominion...... .Dec 9
Cambroman Dec. 51 Canada. ....... ..Jan. 2
BED STAB XJ3TB.
Hew York — Antwerp — Parii.
Zeel'd.Nov.2S, 10:30 am|Vadl'd.De«.12.ia:30 am
Finl'd-Dec. 5. lft:3O amlKrnrd.Dec.l9,10:30 am
WHITE STAB LISE.
XTew York — Qaeenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic.Nov. 25. noon Oceanic. Dec, 18, 4 pra
Cedrlc.Dec. 2. 2:30 pm Teutonic. Dee. 23, noon
Arabic. Dec. 9. 9:30 am Cedric.Dec. SO. 1 pm
Boston— Qnoemtown— Liverpool.
Cretio Dec. 10. Feb. 11
Cymric ....Dec 24. Jan. 29. Feb. 25
BOSTON MEBITIEaASTEAN SEBTICS.
Azores. Gibraltar, IXaples, Genoa.
ROMANIC. .-. . ;'..'. Dee. 5, Jan. • 1». FehL 27
REPUBLIC (new). ...Jan. 2. .Feb. 13. Mar." 2»
CANOPIC ...: Jan. 80. Map. 12
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Paclflc Coast.
21 Pest st., San Francisco. - ¦ -
U^I^^Swrbc* to -nit **&jy[Tw
|te?A££lEJ?5. MAR3EI1XU, GMaOtt I
ROMANIC, Dec. 5, Jan.- 1G, Feb. 27. ApL 9
I REPUBLIC (new)/ Jan. 2. Feb.- 13, 'Mar. < 26
CANOPIC... ....Jan. 30, Mar. 12
I (Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
I These steamers are the largest la the
I Mediterranean service. ... - - ¦ •-
I ' First class. $75 and |S0 upward, aocord-
I lag to date of salllxur.
BOStOn tO LJY8rpOOl Qneen, a tow«
I CRETIC Deo. 10, Jan. 14. Feb. 11
CYMRIC Dee. 24. Jan. 29. Feb. 25
First class, $03 upward. For plans, etc..
WHITE STTAR UNB, 77-81 State st,
I Boston, or to CD. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA. v
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.> • v
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG calling: at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for - India, i etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday December. 3, 1903
8. 8. NIPPON MARU (calW at Manila)
............Wednesday. December 30 1003
a B. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 25 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and 'passage apply at Com--
pany's office. 431. Market street.- corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent. .
occanic5.s.co.s^g
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.Nov.2S.il a-m.
8. S. MARIPO9A, for Tahiti. Dec 1. ll a. m.'-
S. 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec; 10," 2 p. m.
U.IHECKUtl3n.e9^«gts..Tktit.3)Ea.l43larwa
JW^U*l>rMSt.*rlU.fulfi!L ,.
t-OJCPlSSIS QESiaALE TJU.H3ATLASTI3S3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRH-PARI3.
. Sailing every Thursday instead o(4ftfim> .
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, "*"' .
Nerth- River, foot -of. Morton street, •'.'•¦'¦* '
First-class - tor Havre. I $70 and upward: Sec- .
ond-class to Havre. $45. and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)..
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. ¦-¦
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
Mar* laland and ' VaUe Jo 'Steamer*. .
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLp-^'''
9:45 a. to.' 3:15 and S:30 p. m... except Surday./
Sunday .0:45 a. m., 8:30 P. m.. Leave _Y»UsJo..»
7 am. 12:30 and- 8 p. ».. ex. Sunday. Sun- *
day 7 a m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 5O cents. TeL ,.
Main 150S. Pi«r 2. Mlsston-st. dock.-- HAT£H-~
BROS. ' V. * " . '. • .-"V
REAL^ESTATE— CITY—- FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE} & SONS.~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY BT.
SPEAR ST. INVESTMENT.
$18.000— Renta $1200 per year; ntw brk*
and iron building; leased for 5 years to flret-
class tenant; repairs all made by tenant.
FINE PROSPECTTVB BUYS.
$90.IKX> — Corner near Leavenworth st.: 137:6
feet front by good depth; excellent buy.
$75,000 — Large Van Ness ave. corner: ready
for fin« large hotel, aad wo have responsible
tenant.
$7.1,000— Close to Market st.; good brick bldff.
: $05,000^ — Geary et., north 6lde, near Leaven-
; worth; over 75 feet front, with good buildings.
' ¥ This Is a first-class site for apartnit-nt house
• or family hotel.
Van Ness ave. corner, with 5 houses: good
• rents at present, with fine prospects in near
• future.
; $00.000— Mission 6t. corner; nearly 250 feet
I frontace on two streets.
$tX).<XK> — Close to Van Ness: partly improved;
' fine sit© for family hotel or apartment house.
$5i;.o<jO — Market et.. close to Van Ness ave.;
two lots; a fine buy.
• $.V).UW>— Market st. corner, runnm? back to
, ! rear street, with 75 feet Tront on rear street. .
, $31.000 — Near Third and Market sts.
¦ I $45,000 — Not far from Market and Mason sts.
' J 5*5,000 — Large site with fine building on
• business street In Western Addition; pays over
5 per cent net now.
J $43,000 — Post St., not far from Mason; total
. rente $145; large frontage.
$41,000— Near O'Farrell and Larkln sts. cor-
. ner: under lease to good tenant
; $37,500 — Geary st., close to St. Francis Hotel.
$31,000 — Polk 'st.: rents $1SO a month; good
3-story frame building.
$£0.500 — Stockton st.; good 4-story and base- i
! rner.t building; leased to one tenant; tenant
' 6ublets at cjod advance.
JSU.OOO — Geary ft.; In rapidly Improving:
. locality; 3-story building.
Van Ness ave. corner; fine, good size. In
exrvllpnt locality.
$22.000 — Post ft.: frame buildings; in good
'• progressive locality.
; $22,500 — Larkin St.; fine 3-story frame bulld-
" lnp; ptore below and rooming-house above.
$20.5(0 — Close to Eddy and Taylor sts.
$«0.0CO — Sutter st. ; close to be#t and most
progressive district; very good building.
fiO.000 — Post Et.. north tide, near Leaven-
worth; 30 feet front; larse house.
$19,000 — 15 feet front on street close to Grant
¦ ave.
I $l*>,500— Jones at lot, near Eddy; cheap.
, $14,000— Poik st. corner; 40 foot front; rents
. ' $75 a month.
I $ll,0UO— Pine ft., close to Kearny.
THOMAS MAOBE & SONS,
; 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
• THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
; REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
; FIRST ST.
40 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep and large brick
building.
! IN MANUFACTURING DISTRICT.
$10.QOO.
IZZI v
I LARGE VAN NESS CORNER, with full
t depth on another main street; brings In over 6
. per cent now on good improvements; an excel-
, lent site to be Improved later by raising the
. j buildings and putting in stores.
• EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY November 24. . 1903
At our salesrooms, at 12 o'clock noon.
FREMONT ST. INVESTMENT.
NW. cor. of Fremont and Harrison sts.: ex-
tremely large lot. 45x92:0 feet; improvements
consist of three :i-story frame buildings, con-
. taming 7-8-16 rooms; also large store; present
re:it s low at $123 per month; this is a most
desirable manufacturing site.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. INVESTMENT.
. ,,N line of Golden Gate ave.. 70 feet E of
; Fillmore «.; Nos. J22G-2S': lot 30x100 feet; im-
provements. 2 elegant bouses. 8 rooms and bath
. each; brick foundation; high basement; rent
> $S5; mortgage $00y0 can be obtained,
i POTRERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
SW. cor. lsth and Potrero ave.; ]arge t parcel
J of ground. IWntlOO feet; will sell as a whole
or subdivide into building lots 25x100 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
¦vT. line of Shotwell Et.. 155 feet north of
21st; lot 30x122:0 feet; Nos. C22-C224; Im-
provements. 2 beautiful flats, 4-5 rooms and.
fcath; beautiful lawn; large palm trees; build-
ing newly painted; plumbing in fir?t-class or-
i dcr; rent $40 per month; concrete sidewalk,
" bituminlzed street.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
; S. line of Pine St.. C2:6 feet E. of Webster;
3 bandsome flats. 6-7-8 rooms; permanently
rented at $35 per month i modern in every
resj^ect.
MISSION FLATS.
S. line of 2Tith st.. 175 feet W. cf Sanchez;
large lot, 29:6x114 feet; No. 4023; 2 sunny
flats, containing 5 rooms and bath each; patent
tniipts. brick foundation, large windmill and
2000-paIlon tank on premises; no water bills
to ray; rent $35 per month.
LAGUNA ST. FLATS.
E. line of Lajruna St., 96 feet S. of (Filbert.
24x115 feet; l.'o. 2038; improvements, 2 modern
fiats, 6 rooms and bath, 12-foot basement; fine
trick foundation; could easily be made into- 3
fiats: rent $40 per month
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
N. lln« of Chestnut st-, 123 feet W. of Van
Nws ave.; lot 27:6x137:6 feet; particularly de-
elrable neighborhood; flats erected could be
made to' pay handsomely.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
E. line of Converse st.. 173 feet N. of Bry-
ant, between 8th and 8th; lot Z3x75 feet; Nos.
f3 to 71; Improvements, 4 tenement flats; rent
$35 per month; in good condition; brick foun-
dation.
LANGTON ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Langton St.. 35 feet N. of Bryant;
i lot 25x80 feet; improvements on the premises
of dwelling partially destroyed. by fire, which
can easily be remodeled at slight expense.
POST. ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Post St.. 305 feet W. of Franklin;
large let. 50x137:6 feet; No. I3«0; present Im-
provement consists of magnificent 3-story resi-
dence, 24 spacious rooms and baths: steady
tenant ready to take premises at $175 per
month; this portion of Post st. will soon be
important business property.
For further particulars send for catalogue.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO»
638 Market st.
MODERN cottages: finished complete with
every convenlfnce; easy terms; large lots.
! 4 rooms — $2JK)0
6 rooms— $:i250[
5 rooms — WSfiO.
9 rooms — $3eoo.
7 rooms— $4100.
8 rooms— $4600.
Located on First and Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we -loan
full co«t lmprov. and part lot at C per cent.
! MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton et., owner.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Cai!
16 pag-g, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts-
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CH ££ E , PROPFnmES FOn EXCHANGE
$5000—31 acres. Santa Cruz, near Capltola:
fine Improvements; half fruit
$25.000— 2100 acres. Stanislaus County; farm
and stock: well Improved; want bay city
$25.0CO— 160 acres; fine orchard and Improve-
ments; want bay city.
$25,000— Fine Chicago apartments; want good
etock ranch. T^
$7000 — 1000 acres; Calavera*; Improved* stock
and farm; want bay city.
*r..Vio — Elegant 9-room Oakland home; fine
elte: want stock ranch.
1 $3000— 10-acre orchard and home near
Brighton, Sacramento County: want bay city
W. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery at.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A HOME in 'Berkeley; new and ud to dateT
location the very best; small cash payment,
remainder installments less than rent. S. F.
and S. Hsme-bulldlng Society, 706 Market
««t.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWA7.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. •
100x100 OR in subdivisions. $11 per front foot;
street work and . sidewalks complete; East
Twenty-third st. and Twenty-sixth avenue,
Bast Oakland, or will build on terms to suit.
¦ :'}. H. YOUNG, builder.
1243 Park st.. Alameda.
OAKLAND nOOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS, ~
1-504 Washington and CIO Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board; special - rates to families.
Oakland Boomlng-Honse* for bale.
FOR SALE— Private house. 12 rooms, all full;
selling - account of other business. . Inquire
at 1050 Market St., Oakland. '
O A KL AND^FIURNITURE^FOIT SALE.
TO-MORROW ' the day for bargains In furni-
ture. II. Schellbaas. lltb gt.,cor.store,Oaklnd. ,
November 21, 1003. at 10:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 817A Vallejo street, thence
to Grace Episcopal Church, corner of Stock-
ton and California streets, where services
will be held at 11 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
HIMMEL — In this city, November 20, 1003,
Alice Himmel, dearly beloved wife of Ed-
ward Himmel, beloved mother of Loula and
Hattle Paull, and stepmother of Arthur
Himmel, a native of Saxony. Germany.
KING — In this city, November 19. 1903. Man-
' uel J., dearly - beloved son of Manuel and
Trinida Kins, and grandson of Mary F. and
Joseph Dutra. a native of San Francisco.
I aged 1 month aad 20 days. -.
LARRABASTER— In this city. November 20,
1903, Lucy, dearly beloved wife of Frank
Larrabaster, and loving daughter of Mr. and
. Mrs: R. Pineda, a nativo of San Francisco.
aged 20 years 3 months and 7 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 22. at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents/ 710 Broadway, thence
to the Spanish Church for services.
LF.HMAN— In thla City. November 20. l«03.
• Bertha, dearly beloved wife of the late Louis
Lehman, devoted mother of Max. Jennie, Al-
bert and William Lehman and Mrs. E. OI-
• sen, and devoted grandmother of Henry
Rothenberg and Sidney and Lillian Lehman.
a native of Samter. Germany, aged 57 years
and 1 months.' •
LEICHSENRING— In this city. November 20.
1803. Ludwig Lelchscnring, dearly beloved
husband of Mathilda Leichsenrlng, and be-
loved father of Louis. William. Lizzie and
the late Frieda and Mathilda Leichsenring, a
native of, Germany, aged 50 years U months
and 0 days.
MCLAUGHLIN— -In Keswlck. Cal.. November
ID, 1903. John *McLau£hlln, beloved brother
of Edward McLaughltn. Mrs. Peter Young
of Walnut, Creek and Mrs. Joseph Foster of
San Jose. - Cal.. a native of County SllgO.
Ireland, aged 41 years. •
fE7*FTtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street.
MAHONET — In the City and County Hospital.
November 20, 1903. Emily Mahonoy, a native
of Minnesota, aged 3S years.
MARSDEN— In Oakland, November. 20, 1903,
Amelia B.. beloved wife of Richard Mars-
, den. mother of Hattle. William and Henry
Mareden. and grandmother of Sidney Le
Protti, a native of Philadelphia. Pa.,' aged
5S yeara and 5 months.
MERVT — In San Diego, November 17, 1903,
Alphonse J. Mervy, M. D., of San Fran-
cisco, husband of Mrs. Consuelo Mervy, and
father of- Mrs. A. A. Dentson. Mrs. George
McMillan, Mrs. Franklyn Carty and Llto A.
Mervy, a native of Bordeaux, France. (Napa,
' Cal.., and Paris end Bordeaux. France, pa-
pers please copy.) ¦ ¦¦ ¦
fC7"The funeral will take place Saturday.
November 21, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Albert Brown, S72 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land., Interment private.
MORIARTY — In this city, November 20. 1903,
B. EUen Moriarty, beloved wife- of the late
Timothy Moriarty. and loving mother of
John E.. Daniel W.. Timothy F.. Anna C.
and Nellie E. Moriarty, a native of County
Cork, " Ireland, aged 57 years 7 months and
22 days. (Boston papers please copy.)
CyRemalns at her late residence. 4G09
Twenty-fifth street, near Hoffman avenue,
until Sunday mornlns, at 8:30 o'clock.
Friends . and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of Mona-
han, O'Hara & Co., 2.135M1 Mission street,
near Nineteenth, thence to St. Paul's Church
for services, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul on Monday, November 23. at 0 o'clock,
at St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and
Church streets. Friends are cordially in-
vited to attend.
MULHOLLAND— In Oakland. November 19,
¦ 1903, Hugh, beloved husband of the late
Mary Mulholland, and father of Mary. John
and Rose Mulholland and Mrs. Joseph San-
ders, a native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
E7Fiiend3 and acquaintances are respect-
\fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 232 Walsworth avenue, thence to
St.' Francis de Sales Church, where a sol-
. emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
. repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
NEE — In this city. November 20, 1003, Mary,
beloved wife of the late John Nee, mother
of Thomas. Mary and John Nee. and aunt of
Mrs. J. Fitzpatrlck. a native of County Gal-
way, ' Ireland, aged 30 years. (Oakland pa-
pers ' please copj\>
CTRemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 88« Mission atreet, - between
Fourth and Fifth.
NEIL— In this city. November 18, 1903,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ada Nell, a
native of California, ased 43 years and 20
dayV.
ROWLEY— In this city. November 20, 1903,
Brainard N., beloved husband of Mary E.
Rowley, and father of Howard C. and R.
Lloyd Rowley, a nativo | of Philadelphia,
aged 55 years 3 months and 9 days.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SAHLING— In this city. November 20, 1903.
E. Katherine, beloved wife of Nicolaus
Sahling, and devoted mother of Mrs. Dora
Schwab. Mrs. Amelia Allen. Mrs. P. An-
dresen and Henriette and Francis Sahling.
a -native of Holstein, Germany, aged to
years 4 months and 10 days.
SANDBERG — In Oakland, November 20. 1903,
Walford J., beloved son of Adelina and Wal-
ford L. Sandberg, and brother of Wllhel-
mlna C. Jennie C. and George A. Sand-
berg, a native of Nebraska, aged 16 years 4
months and 4 days.
SMITH— In this city, November 19. 1903, Ma-
bel Ililma Johanna, beloved daughter of
Charles F. and Cathrina Sophia Smith, and
sister of Mrs. Alice Wilson. Mrs. Mamie
Burke and Dennis and Helen Smith; a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 12 years 6
months and 6 days.
CyFrleuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the* parlors
of- Craig. Cochran & Co,, 420 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkln streets.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains
will be at the family residence, 121 Drumm
street, until 12:30 p. m. Sunday. • :
VOSSELER— In this city, November 19, 1903,
Christine Votseler, beloved* mother of Chris-
tine, Ursula and Johann«Vosseler, Mrs. Maria
Gluck and Mrs. H. P. Petersen, Mrs. J.
Rein and Carl Vosseler in Germany and
Martin Vosseler and Mrs. A. Bartels of Min-
nesota, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
73 years.
CTTrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, 813 Polk
ejreet. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. \
WINTRINGER — In this city. November 17,
1903, Paul Wlntringer, a native of Milwau-
kee, aged 43 years.Postponed.
sailing of the Pacific Coast S. S.
Zo.'s steamer Cerona. advertlsed x to leave
'or Eureka Nov.- 21, at 1:30 p. m.. is post
)oned until same hour Sunday, Nov. 22.*
- Beautiful flowers g in | profusion ex
pressed, mutely the- sympathy felt by
the friends of Mr. and Mrs! Charles C.
Moore yesterday. at. the, funeral of their,
only 'son, '¦ Newton Bennlngton Moore.
Although -but -eight Vyears' of age, the
youth: had .endeared •himself to -a wide
circle "of .friends. The Interment was
private,' the', remains being placed tem
porarily in " the , vault at . Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. . • ;
Flowers Express Friends' Grief.
Wedding cak« boxes, wedding; stationery. * Ed
ward ; S. Knowles. 24 ; Second st.. Main 598. •
A' man In Jersey got a divorce because
his wife : preferred t her dog to ? him. : "We
feel sorry for the dog, but it serves hubby
right. -Had no business to marry a doggie
woman. ;."'/* •
Thomas Doherty was arrested yester
day by Officers McCurrie and Ungerof
the Humane Society for driving crippl
ed horses. It is eald that Doherty haa
been warned by officers of the society
several times before.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
Don't neglect a cough. . Take \ Plso's Cure for
Consumption . In ttme.:,By.:<lrugtf»t«. ¦ 25c. • '
Town i Talk's Thanksgiving number ( Is
put with forty-eight pages 'of '.sparkling
reading matter and illustrations^., The
Saunterer tells about Mrs. Parrbtt's in
difference to the Bllngum set. ot an Im
probable feature of the; Whlttell .<mar
rlagc settlement, about ' a local society
woman ' who - Is going on the * • Parisian
stage, and why Helen, Dean* Is .weary, of
the social whirl. Virginia Harned con
tributes her autobiography and a defense
of "Iris." John P. Irish discusses Grover
Cleveland, and, the number also contains
tome breezy fiction. ¦'-'¦. s-:,pj-\*^'
Town Talk's Breezy Number.
RABBI JACOB
DEFENDS* THE TALMUD
Says It"/ Represents a Principle
? Which Is ¦ Dear to the
Hebrews.
Rabbi Jacob Xleto discussed » the Tal
mud to a small but deeply interested con
gregation last evening In the Taylor-street
synagogue. He defended the famous vol
ume from the undervaluation and over
estimation in which it Is held by
some scholars of all creeds and
pronounced It a work that should
command the respect of all think
ing Hebrews, as it stood for, at the time
of | its construction, the . principle of edu
cation which Judaism has ever upheld. It
is the work of philosophers, he contended,
and' the apparent aimless anecdotal di
gressions which have received so much
censure were really. Intended to Illustrate
lessons and simplify Involved arguments.
Mrs. Emma C. Kesslng, a milliner,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging her with battery. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Helen Rulison,
who alleges that on October 24 Mrs.
Kessing attacked her viciously with
out cause. Mrs. Kesslng rented the
house at 781 Ellis street from Mrs. Ruli
son, who retained possession of two
rooms. Mrs. Kesslng alleges that Mrs.
Rulison went into her private room on
the date mentioned and called her
abusive names. A flght' followed. Mrs.
Kesslng was released on 510 cash ball. •
Women Quarrel and Fight.
Ralph Rose, the holder of the Pacific
Coast record for *he sixteen-pound ham
mer! throw. Is also entered. For the foot
ball" championship 'five clubs are entered
and for the hurling championship four
clubs. The . events will Include running,
hurdle . races,' Jumping, weight throwing,
pole [ vaulting and hurling and football
championship contests." All entries must
be made • with the : joint -, secretaries,
Messrs. Buckley and Hannlgan, not later
than Monday, next.
An , Important meeting , under the presi
dency of the Rev. Philip O'Ryan was held
in the Murphy building last evening. The
committee on programme reported that
entries for the various events were nu
merous and Included athletes from Stan
ford and the University of California, the
Olympic Club and the Gaelic clubs of the
city.
Arrangements for the field day of ath
letic events to be held under the auspices
of ; the Gaelic Athletic Association on
Thanksgiving day at Ingleside race track
are almost completed.
Athletes From' Many Clubs and Uni
versities "Will Contest at' Ingle-.
;'.V. ; -¦ side Race Track.
SPLENDID PROGRAMME
FOR GAELIC FIELD DAY
He leaves a wife and three children.
He was 50 years of age and a native of
Germany.
His wife said to Deputy Coroner
Michael Brown that Leichsenring
three weeks ago invested $1000 for a
half interest In the Royal Soda Works,
owned by Henry Young, at 75 Valley
street, but since removed to 214 Four
teenth street. The venture proved un
profitable and Leichsenring became
despondent. Between 9 and 10 o'clock
yesterday morning he went into the
basement of his residence, 256 Richland
avenue, and shot himself through the
right temple. •
Disappointed in the outcome of a
business venture, Louis Leichsenring,
a shoemaker, committed suicide.'yes
terday morning: by shooting himself
through the head with a revolver.
Disappointed in Business Ventures
He Fires a Bevolver Bullet Into
His Brain.
DESPERATE DEED OF
DESPO1TDENT SHOEMAKER
The Searles gallery walls were bedecked
with evidences of the artist's skill. Most
all of the pictures are for sale at very
reasonable figures. Many of them have
been disposed of already. None of the
pictures, however, will be removed from
the walls until the exhibition is con
cluded on December 3.
Thjb miniature exhibition this year : has
attracted unusual attention because the
work, is original and clever. Lillie V.
O'Ryan has a superb picture of Mrs Ed
ward Sidney Rothschild and Rosa Hooper
Plotner's work shows marked ability.
Miss May Slessinger's work Is ' * of a
high order of merit, for it shows the fire
o^the true artist and the technique of a
careful worker. One of her miniatures is
the size of a dime and every detail of the
subject is carefully wrought. Work of
this sizo Is seldom t undertaken* even
among the artists of Europe, but Miss
Slessinger. finished the undertaking: with
much skill. A study of qhild life is strik
ing in both conception and execution. The
little ones are about to kiss and the up
turned lips, the expressions and the lights
and shadows make a subject that lingers
In memory.
The autumn water color and sketch ex
hibition given by the San Francisco Art
Association at Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art was thrown open to the public yes
terday afternoon. Owing to the rainy
•weather few availed themselves of the
opportunity to view the fine collection of
water colors, oil paintings and black and
white sketches. -
Rain and Wind Cause Small Attend
ance at the Art Association
Exhibit, a
WEATHER DAMPENS ARDOR
OF PICTURE LOVING PUBLIC
The banking capital of New York City
has been doubled within five years.
"Lieutenant ¦ Edger ;¦ never liked me,
and when I was detailed on the ambu
lance he did | me several mean tricks.
Since T have been in .the hospital he
has always looked for some offense or
other that I • might have" committed <in
order that I. might "be court-martialed.
I suppose I'm up against it now, a*nd he
is glad that. he succeeded in getting me
the punishment.".; ... : : ''
Lieutenant' Edger is the hero of the
hour and is ¦'receiving congratulations
from his friends, who are glad that he
was spared.' • ; •. *
Privates Hayes, Anderson, Sergeant
Gilbert and several others who heard
the noise of the scuffle ran to their of
ficer's rescue and soon had the pugna
cious negro under control. He was
quickly removed to the post guard
house, where he will be held. until he is
tried by a general court-martial. His
sentence will be as strong as the board
can make it, as this is not his first of
fense.
A little more than a month ago Mc-
Gee tried to shoot Luke Loverdi, who
owns the fruit stand by the post ex
change. He claimed- that Loverdi had
Insulted his wife, but Loverdi in reality
had saved him from 1 being punished
for an offense committed | at the Pre
f-ddio. An officer interfered and the-ne
gro was placed under arrest. ' He was
tried by Judge Cabariiss, who, for some
unaccountable reason, Acquitted him
and he was allowed to go free.
In speaking of his attempt to shoot
Edger yesterday, McGee said: "I did
try to shoot him, s and only wish that
the thing had been properly cocked so
that I might, have finished up the job
properly. ¦ : . / ...
morning Thomas Hayes, a private who
works in the office, went out for a few
minutes, leaving me alone. It was then
that the negro appeared, and I tell you,
gentlemen, when he poked that .44
Colt's into my face it looked like a
ten-inch sun to me. He tried several
times to fire, but as luck would have
it the gun was safety cocked. As soon
as I could gather my wits I grappled
with him and tried to take his gun
away, but as he is about twice my size
he soon overpowered me and took to
hitting, me on the head with, the butt
end of his gun."
William O'Connor, -better known as
"WillieV O'Connor, son of the late,Cor
nelius O'Connor and one of the trustees
of the Cornelius O'Connor estate, wants
his sister, Lily, the other- trustee, haled
into court to cause why . she' has
not turned over to him, v as trustee,! the
O'Connor -'bric-a-brac,- the- O'Connor
silverware and the ; O'Connor furniture
now In storage. He also wants : to
handle an Olympic r Club bond .worth
$1000. He says she was ordered to - do
so in a cotirt order made * October 24.
1902, but refuses to do so, and he says
that^she has stated she will not comply
with the order until compelled to by
the court.
O'Connor Family Fighting Again.
"McGee has during the last . few
months given me several occasions to
reprimand him; and I suppose that
when I told him he would be court-mar
tialed he was so Infuriated that he lost
all control of himself. At 10:10 this
This statement doubtless made ¦ Mc-
Gee furious, for he flew out of the of
fice, only to reappear an , hour later,
when Edger was alone- and make the
attempt on, his life.
Lieutenant Edger told the following
story of the assault:
The rules of the hospital are that en
listed men are allowed three all.-night
passes a week and two midnight passes.
McGee had/been given a 12 o'clock pass
for the night before, but, as customary
with him, reported at the ¦ hospital
twenty-five minutes late.
When Lieutenant Edger took charge
of the office at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning he immediately consulted the
report book and found that McGee was
twenty-five minutes late. He called for
McGee to explain his tardfness, and
when the negro appeared he com
plained that Edger was • prejudiced
against him and that he could •not get
a square deal. Edger asked 'him if .he
was going to take the management of
the hospital in his own hands. McGee
stated that he was not, but that he
wanted to do. what was right. Edger
replied that the only way. to make Mc-
Gee do what was right .would be' to
give him a summary court-martial.
Edger further- told him that he could
consider himself booked for a sum
mary. . • ' ' ' .i
Considerable excitement was caused
at .the Presidio yesterday morning
when Private. Clark McGee attempted
to kill Lieutenant Benjamin J. Edger,
executive officer of the General Hospi
tal of the post.
McGee is a brawny negro and has for
some time driven the ambulance, but
recently he was transferred to dut y at
the hospital, where he has been up to
the time of his arrest yesterday. . He
has a bad reputation in the army and
has on several occasic-ns shown a read
iness to shoot' those he dislikes, but
none of his officers ever expected that
he would assault them, .because , the
penalty for assault is life' imprison
ment.
Since that, time' the girl has been
married, and has been striving to forget
the past... On "Wednesday night she
met Burness. at Market and Sixth
streets and to her surprise he asked
her to live with him -again. "When she
refused he- threatened to kill her, say
ing as she left him -.-"Well, 111 get you
this time, sure."
Burness was arrested for this offense
yesterday" afternoon by Policeman
Winzler on Sixth street and booked at
the City Prison. ¦ -
Mrs. Sterling at that time was Miss
Clara Hastings. She had been living
for four years with Burness and left
.him about two months previous. He
, had begged her to return to him sev
; eral times, but she refused. On the
day mentioned she called with her lit
tle girl upon "her sister, Mrs. Annie St.
Clare at 1119 Mission street. Burness
had followed her and was permitted to
enter the apartments of the St. Clares,
as he had brought an album and other
effects belonging to Miss Hastings.
They had chatted for a few minutes
when Burness again. asked the girl to
return to him and she again refused.
He drew a revolver out of his pocket
and pointed it at the girl.
The trigger snapped twice before St.
Clare grappled with Burness, who was
much the larger man. Burness tried
to shoot St. Clare and after a despe
rate struggle St. Clare succeeded In
wresting the weapon from him and
broke away from him.
Burness grabbed hold of the girl, and
after throwing her to the floor pro
ceeded to choke her. St. ,CIare armed
himself with a hammer and beat Bur
ness on the head with it till Burness
released his hold of the girl and grap
pled with St. Clare. Mrs. St. Clare and
her sister ran out of the room scream
ing for help. Meantime Burness and
St, Clare continued their struggle till
St. Clare broke away and ran out of
the room. Mrs. St. Clare returned and
Burness attacked her. She screamed
for help and Chris Hanson, a roomer in
the house, went to her assistance. Bur
ness, In . trying to escape, stepped on
a shelf on the rear window and fell a
distance of twenty feet, fracturing his
skull.
St. Clare was arrested for assault
with a deadly weapon by Detective
Reynolds, but after Burness showed
signs of recovery the case against him
was dismissed on January 6. No action
was taken against Burness, as he prom
ised faithfully not to annoy the girl
again. ' • '• " .
The Issuance of a warrant yesterday
on the complaint of Mrs. Clara Sterling
of 20 Freelon street for the arrest of
Emil Burness on a charge of threats
against life recalls a sensational event
In which both principals and others
took part on November 22, 1902, at 1119
Mission street.
ARMY SURGEON AND THE NEGRO SOLDIER WHO MADE A VICIOUS
ATTACK OX HIM WITH A REVOLVER IN THE GENERAL HOSPI
TAL AT THE PRESIDIO. • •-.
Emil Burness Is Placed
Under Arrest on
Warrant. ¦
MAKES THREATS
AGAINST WOMAN
Miss Dwyer's attempt to swear out a
warrant for the arrest of Superintend
ent of Schools Langdon on Thursday
«n the allegation that the latter had
perjured himself caused widespread as
tonishment in school cricles yesterday.
President Woodward of the Board of
Education is at a loss to know in what
way Langdon could possibly have per
jured himself in the case.
"Superintendent Langdon simply in
vestigated the charge against Miss
Dwyer," said Woodward, "and after
taking the evidence of many witnesses
referred the matter to the Board of
Education for a trial of Miss Dwyer on
the charge. Mr. Langdon further re
ported that Miss Dwyer had refused
to make a statement to him regarding
the chastisement of the pupil on the
ground that the legal guardian of the
boy had not preferred the charges. I
fail to see how Langdon could have
perjured himself."
Miss Dwyer yesterday notified Super
intendent Langdon that she had sus
pended Frank Dulgnan, the boy she
punished, for one week. Miss Dwyer
states on the suspension blank as the
cause for the suspension: "Open defi
ance of my authority and insulting lan
guage," and winds up with the state
ment, '"I wish him expelled."
Miss Dwyer visited the Grand Jury
room in the afternoon and desired to
bring the matter of her removal before
the inquisitorial body. The Grand Jury
Bent out word that It was too busy to
take up Miss Dwyer's plaint, and asked
her to call again. Miss Dwyer hovered
around the corridors of the City Hall
for some time, but finally took her de
parture.
Under the terms of the resolution
dismissing Miss Dwyer she will retire
from her acting principalshlp on Mon
day next. The board did not appoint
her successor, because Miss Coles, the
regular principal of the school, will re
turn from her leave of absence next
January, when she will resume her du
ties as principal. Miss J. H. Gillespie,
the ranking teacher in the school, will
act as principal until Miss Coles' re
turn.
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, who was dis
missed from her position as acting
principal of the South End School for
chastising a pupil, began retaliatory
measures yesterday by filing charges
against Miss J. H. Gillespie, one of the
teachers in the school. The communi
cation, which is very short, was filed
with the Board of Education, and in
it Miss Dwyer charges the teacher
named with insubordination and with
having insulted her.
Miss Dwyer does not enter into the
details of the alleged insubordination
and insult, but goes on to say that she
had submitted the particulars of the
matter to Superintendent Langdon on
September 15 last. Miss Dwyer con
cludes her communication by stating
that she will swear to the charges be
fore a notary public.
Lanpdon says he recalls that
Miss Dwyer informed him that she
had ordered Miss Gillespie to do some
thing and the latter refused to obey,
but Miss Dwyer did not prefer any
written charges against the teacher.
Desertion is charged in the action
commenced by Eva Greer against Na
than Greer.
A suit for divorce on the ground of
desertion was filed yesterday by An
drew J. Weir against Margaret Weir,
the plaintiff alleging that his wife left
him and her two children in March,
1895, seven years after their marriage.
Neglect is the charge brought by Con
stance Campbell against George Camp
bell. She alleges that for more than a
year he has not supported her or their
two children. They were married In
1899.
Judge Sloss made an order directing
Rudolf Lorenz to pay to his wife, Fran
zeska Lorenz, $15 a month. She sued
him for $40 a month separate mainte
nance. Judge Sloss also made an order
awarding Mary Heidewald $20 a month
pending the trial of her suit for divorce
against William P. Heidewald, a sales
man.
Musician XV. E. Sharp, formerly lead
er of the orchestra in the Orpheum at
Honolulu, wants a divorce from Amelia
Sharp, once a variety actress, on the
ground of Infidelity. He accuses her
of forgetting her marriage vows sev
eral times during the last two years,
both in this city and San Jose, though
he confesses that he does not know the
names of his rivals. His attorneys are
Albert and Hiram Johnson.
Mrs. Refenburg, Mrs. Strong's moth
er, corroborated her daughter's testi
mony and volunteered the information
that Strong, at the time of his mar
riage to her daughter, was engaged to
another woman, and that he deserted
his bride because he feared that this
woman would make trouble for him.
Judge Troutt granted Mrs. Strong an
interlocutory decree on the ground of
willful neglect.
Bertha Zambelich was married to
Martin Zambelich July 17, 1902. Ac
cording to her complaint for a divorce
her husband pave her such a beating
on the night of their marriage that she
went into convulsions and was com
pelled to send for her mother, who ar
rived at her home~at 5 a. m. and re
mained with her until she recovered
from the effects of her husband's al
leged brutality. A few weeks later,
avers the plaintiff, her husband again
attacked her, dragged her about by
the hair and scratched her .with his
fingernails until there was hardly a
spot on her body that was not bruised,
bleeding and sore. She also complains
that since she became Mrs. Zambelich
her husband has developed the habit
of remaining out at night and refuses
to explain his absence. Mrs. Zambe
llch's maiden name was Strauss and she
wants to resume it. Her husband is
a news agent in the employ of the
Denison News Company.
MUSICIAN WANTS DECREE.
Very short and bitter was the matri
monial experience of Florence Strong.
She testified in Judge Troutt's court
that she was married to Dwight
Strong, assistant librarian of the Oak
land Public Library, a widower with
two children, on February 2 of last
year, and that the day following he
sent her home to her mother, refusing
ever since to contribute to her support.
FEARED ANOTHER WOMAN.
Charles H. Grant, one time command
er of the army transport Sherman and
now in command of Howard Gould's
yacht Niagara, one of the largest
yachts on the Atlantic, was denied a
divorce from Florence Grant yesterday
in Judge Hebbard's court. He failed
to establish to the satisfaction of the
court that he had ever established a
residence here and the court granted
Mrs. Grant's motion for nonsuit. She
was represented by Attorney Garret
McEnerney.
The Grants were married at Ports
mouth, N. H., in August. 1874.' The
captain came out here In 1898 and took
command of the Sherman. In his com
plaint for divorce he alleged that in
1900 he wrote to his wife and asked her
to join him and that she refused. He
then brought the suit. on the ground of
desertion.
This did not suit Mrs. Thorrold, Mrs.
Sinclair and Mrs. Richards, and they
immediately commenced proceedings to
remove Arthur as executor, alleging
that he had taken advantage of hl3
mother's alleged mental weakness and
so manipulated the estate that he
would be benefited at the expense of
the others.
The case was heard by Judge Troutt,
who decided that Arthur Davies was
a capable manager, that Mrs. Davies
was not an incompetent and that the
fortune of Davies was safe in his son's
hands.
For thl£ reason, and because they
fear that the disgruntled sisters will
again attempt to prove their charges
that their mother was dominated by
her sons and Mrs. Moran and that she
is an incompetent, they ask that the
testimony of Mrs. Davies be perpetu
ated. Upon the filing of the petition
Judge Troutt issued an order directing
Notary Public A. J. Henry to take the
testimony of Mrs. Davies next Friday.
Davies died several months ago, leav
ing an estate of considerable value.
It consisted principally of the business
of the Truckee Box and Lumber Com
pany. In his will* he left it all to his
widow, with the exception of a bequest
of $5 to each of his children. lie
named his widow and his sons, Arthur
and Llewellyn, as executors. The wid
ow and Llewellyn declined to serve and
Arthur was appointed.
With the consent of his mother he
incorporated the Davies Box and Lum
ber Company, and she transferred to
the new corporation the business of
the Truckee Box and Lumber Company
and gave to Arthur and Llewellyn each
a third of the stock, they agreeing to
work for a small salary until they had
each put into the business the sum of
$10,000.
COMMENCE PROCEEDING.
A petition to perpetuate the . testi
mony of Jane Davies, widow of the
late Llewellyn Davies, the "lumberman,
filed yesterday by Mrs. Davies and Ar
thur, Llewellyn and Richard Davies
and Amelia Moran, four of her chil
dren, reveals the fact that the rela
tions between the petitioners' and Eliza
Thorrold, Sarah E. Sinclair and Rosa
Richards, the other children of Mrs.
Davies, are still strained, and that the
recent decision of Judge Troutt has not
by any means settled the family quar
rel over the Davies estate.
The petition is the result of the fears
of the petitioners that Mrs. Thorrold,
Mrs. Sinclair and Mrs. Richards intend
to enter into extensive litigation over
their father's fortune. They say that
at the recent hearing of the suit to re
move Arthur Davies as executor of his
father's^ will, on the ground* that he
was using the estate for his own ben
efit, it was shown conclusively and
proved by the decision of the court that
the young man was. innocent of any
wrong-doing.
COURT ISSUES ORDER.
Ousted Head of South End
School Tries to See the
Grand Jury.
He Fail3 to Prove That He
Is a Resident of
This City.
Petition Court to Perpetuata
Testimony Taken Re
cently.
Principal Dwyer Files
Charges Against an
Associate. '
Mother and Sons and
One Daughter Fear
Rest of Family.
Master of H. Gould's
Yacht Is Denied
a Decree. /
SAYS TEACHER
INSULTED HER
ASKS IN VAIN
FOR A DIVORCE
DAVIES' HEIRS
STILL AT OUTS
THE SAN' FRAKCISCO, CALL, SA TURDAY, NOVEMBER -23, l»U3.
Lieutenant Benjamin J. : Edger Nearly Loses His Life in En
counter. With Murderous Private, Who Beats Him on
Head With Pistol After Vainly Trying to Shoot Him
BIG NEGRO SOLDIER TRIES
TO KILL HOSPITAL SURGEON
16
r TTAT/E'S. j HAT'-rVS^
H ALE'S OPEN TO-NIGHT FOR XMAS BUYERS.
1200 Flannelette Wrappers
Xo Se>ll Underpriced.
None newerrnone dressier; none better made. Out /or the first time to-day.
'^'¦' <£i£2± We never had sucl1 Kood fortune
¦*$!&£&>. in wrappers before. To the hun-
tjAgayBgp dreds of San Francisco women who
iW^.^H have attended our past wrapper
jLZ/ • sales that means a great deal. It's
Jlj8p^& only our past succes^-s that have
tfTjSflft-S^i>S made this one possible. So many
women look to us for their wrap-
inS^v5vl pers wc have * elt cncoura S Cf * to go
Ilir4\ H st . i!1 dec P er - Vc havc ma(^e some
I ill TcSi kig wrapper deals. This is the first
fHwfix* onc * e stor >' ' 5 i n * er csting. The
I'^vfiM prices are more interesting.
/SIP ¦ 79c 98c $L29
\ l Not one of them worth lens than
"^Ufl?Tvv4 $1.25. and from that they are worth up
/""""v #^t5§V <h to * 2 - 50 - The J 1 - 3 ones arc almost
(7P J«|ij&LlM\ V% They are all made up to tho mark In
"Fti'li •i? W every way. even to the fullness of the
/till *I\Vt» : AiS^^ skirt. Wrappers, too. remarkable for
j£fEp il,a^Vj3Sg§!?*5^ their fit and proportions. All mailf
>€§?^«U^'&lJf : a£>S<sB*7 with new bishop sleeves. d t *ep
flounces; most all of them have braid
€£F/mi£ff »m%\C^' trimmlnc. ruffles and yokes, all the
Hit ' ftira&vv^ Spread ov.t on a table on the second
~*^<Lirt LJuIlS^"^ floor this morning:.
Coveted Styles in Kid Glores. T StoreTo-Day. i
H. B.sat $i.oo. Hte Jouvins An lnteregtlng pIace for tI £ chll .
nf <5t -n dren: bright and cheery and Chriat-
(ii oi.ju. masy: quite a contrast to what the
These are the gloves which give weather man Is doing. To make* It still
one's hand that newt, stylish appear- more tempting we sell to-day
ance. A well-gloved hand doesn't 25c ' tln boat3> 12c . Boys .
mean extravagance or extra cost. It 13c . Glrla . whi£< , fflamel(1( j doll «£
shows care and good taste. So take a Aut0 drayft> eoc. They run by friction ud
little to-day in your glove buying. hill aa well as on the floor.
Look at the different* dollar gloves. Jointed doll*. 45c. with composition bodies
then look at our II. B.'s at $1.00. They bisque heads, moving: ey*», pretty face
have glove style and glove tone that and curly hair; 161^ In. long.
few dollar gloves possess. They're
soft and pliable, but that doesn't inter- Santa CladS \S NflW at Rn!p'« "
fere with their wearing qualities. ; , ja " , V I a "f f. n " W 4l liaie S «
They wear as well as heavier gloves. Il 8 , J r "» Ruh ' an ., fl ¦ '^5* ( » »i«l« flve-
Then in the next class is our Hte L^i. th 1W.""" 111 ' "* -
Jcuvin. P.t 81 5C city), "id t hls '» the way he Illustrates it.
It's a French glove, and comes now .
in two and three clasps, with self em- «— — — — ¦*
broidery and two-tone effects in Paris S^ s \
point backs. ', *
Our three-clasp Suede gloves are jAxL _~f
just in: Blacks, modes and grays.
Violin and piano music by Mr. 4i\ vt
George J. Hayes and Mr. Steve lrl«— J &L
Douglas this afternoon, 2 to 5 C7o
o'clock. Come and listen to them A»«mui «
play some of the latest pieces. & a 1 ** w **» X
P^
Market Street, Nca ? Sixth ' * |
' THANKSGIVING OP THE
PLUMBER AND
' • / THE BURGLAR.
• BY OCTAVE: THANET. •;•
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
•ofin^e
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i economical!
;;HOUSEKEEPERSi;
|| U S E -^
j WalterBakersjj
!; Cocoa and Chocolate;:
! Because they yield THE<|
/MOST and BEST FOR!;
;'t he m o n e y!|
, I I
1 1 Tkam-Maw ' I
\The Finest Cocoa in the World;!
; i Costs less than One Cent a Cup ! '
i Oor Choir* Bedjx Book, wet trea, vQ leH ycro ' I
I how to lotkc Tnigt and » gnat rvUty of iilctj ' |
i ' diiliei Irom ocr Cocoa ted Chocolate. I
i| Walter Baker 6> Co. Ltd.;!
I , ESTAXUSnXD 1780 , >
; DORCHESTER. MASS. I 1
\ ArtHIOHEST AWARDS III !>
j, HU EUROPE AMD AMERICA ,1
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
ntESK AXTD SALT KEATS.
IAC RflVFC £ rfl dipping Butcher*. 104
JA3. PUIEJ g Vll. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OZZA.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front tt.. S. 7. Phone Main 1719.
E. C BCGHESj fill Sinsoxst tt., 8. 7.
uoshBUft
Notice Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and, pay-
able on Monday, November 2, 1903, and
will be delinquent on Monday, Novem-
ber 30, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday In April next
at 6 o'clock p. m.. an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining one-half of, the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday In January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at tha
time the first installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City Hall.
N. B.— For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day.
this office will be open continuously*
during the month of November from
8:30 a. m. to 0 p . m.. commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the Increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay.
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers viill greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing: last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
[I IS THE MARK OF M
P| CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. §|j
I 'BEERS
I ThfcHleheSt Priced buf \
E "tbe.Best Quality.
I'. .•60LD&VEB.V WHERE.
B HILBERT MERCAJJTHiB OX.
B. Pacific Co**t A««nta. I
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water*.
A. VIGNUES CO., San Francisco.
Always .Remember the Fall N§me
B axative jjromo QiJiil&a
CUTC6 a Cold fas One Day, Crmta 2 Days
i