RULER OF KOREA, THE RUSSIAN
MINISTER. AND A SCENE IN
THE CAPITAL CITY.
RUSSIA BECOMES GUARDIAN OF KOREA;
RIVAL FLEETS DON BLACK WAR PAINT
FOLLOWING CZAR'S REPLY TO MIKADO
Battleships Sail for Culebra.
GUANTANAMO, Dec. 1 3.— The Uni
ted , States battleships Kcarsarge, Illi
nois and Alabama and the converted
yacn't Scorpion sailed to-day for
Culebra. -_
Denver Man Accidentally Shot.
. DENVER. Colo.. Dec. 13. — Paul
Richtef. president of the Richter Iron
Works Company of this city, was ac
cidentally shot and killed by a com
panion on a huating trip east of this
city to-day.
SANTA MARIA;' Dec. 13.— Charles
Scbvall met death .this- afternoon
while working in an eighty-foot /well.
Fearing that the well might cave in,
he, signaled to be hoisted out; When
within' thirty feet of 'the' surface, the
curbing gave, .way and-tons^of earth
piled on top of him, carrying him into
the pit/which rapidly filled.
A large number of citizens are try
ing; to dig the man out, but all hope
of his being, alive has been abandoned.
TONS j OF ; EARTH FALL j --,
¦ i ON A DIGGER OF A WELL
.CARACAS. Venezuela, Dec. 13. — •
According to advices just received
here, the Colombian government has
decided to send General Rafael Urlbe-
Uribe. as a special envoy to the South
American republics. He Is expected
soon to arrive at Caracas.
Colombia Still Seeking Allies.
BISHOP MAKES CRY
OF 'RACE SUICIDE"
Indiana Clergyman Declares America
Jlay Have Experience Similar to
Thai of France.
INDIANAPOLIS,' Ind.. Dec. 13. —
Episcopal Bishop Francis of the dio
ccse of Indiana declares that the
ehortage of babies in the church is
alarming and that the homes of the
wealthier members of the church have
an average of about one child to the.
family.
"Women In the finer home3 do not
want babies nowadays," said Bishop
Franc's to-night. "We have a con
stantly increasing number of adult
baptisms, but the baptism of infanta
is decreasing.
"Not only is there a shortage of
babies in our church, but all o\*or the
land In the wealthiest homes. It ap
pears like a repetition of the career
of France." _ <
DUKE OF ORLEANS SENT
AWAY FROM BELGIUM
OTTAWA. Ontario. Dec. 13.— A Lon
don cable dispatch announces that the
Duke of Orleans has been • expelled
from Belgium. He made his head
quarters at Brussels, conducting active
political intrigues against the French
Government until there was a protest.
The result has been an order > from
the Belgium Government to- leave the
country, although King Leopold had
consented to his coming there.
Odell Names Bruce's Successor.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — -Charles H.
Murray will be the president of, the
New York County Republican Com
mittee, succeeding M. L.>Bruce, whose
'resignation 'was announced last week.'
The selection was the result of a con
ference of district- leaders v.-ith Gov
ernor Odell.last night," and will be put
into effect at a meeting of the county
committee^ next -Thursday evening.
Murray is at present quarantine in
spector and was formerly, a'j Commis
sioner of Police in New York. ;-J:-.' ¦
DES MOINES, Iowa. Dec. 13.— Three
trainmen were killed and five injured
in a freight collision early this morn
ing on the Chicago. Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railroad near Adel, la. A
double-header,' westbound, and an
extra freight, eastbound, came to
gether in a deep cut on a sharp curve.
Two engines and sixteen cars were
demolished. The dead:
FRANK FINNICUM, engineer, Des
Moines.
OSCAR DYER, fireman, Des Moines.
WALTER W. KINGS, Des Moines. ,
The injured: Conductor Flynn, se
riously; Brakeman Bell, seriously;
Brakeman Shields.. Engineer Cham
bers. Brakeman H. , L. . Bremen.-
COLLISION RESULTS FATALLY.
Politician Shoots 3Icrchant and Com
mits Suicide When 1 the Victim '
Wounds Him in Return. .'
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Dec. 13.— John C.
King, a politician,; is dead by his 'own
hand and H. J. Kressenburg, < a well
known ' merchant ; and [ member of' the
City Democratic .Committee, is prob
ably fatally wounded as a > result : of a
sensational double; tragedy enacted
here to-night. Shortly before midnight
Kressenburg,' accompanied by his wife,
left his store, in -the business district
and a, moment, later he was shot twice
by a man wearing a;handkerchlef over
his face as; a mask. Kresscnburg fell
to the sidewalk, but shot his fleeing 1
assailant, in < the ;\ig. ' After, running
two blocks the' latterf ell exhausted and
turning, his on himself fired a
bullet into : .his : brain. -'•It. was then dis
covered that .the masked man was John
C. • King, a . member* of the 1 local police
force. _'.-., :¦.-;-;-.:"¦-:¦ .-•"-,". ; : J::'- : : ,':-' i }
No cause Is known for King's attack
on Kressenburu.^ ; , . ,; ,
DEADLY COMBAT IX
STREETS OF MEMPHIS
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— Anton- Niesaeler
was shot and killed and John Temple
was severely wounded in the latter's
saloon, at 2231 Princeton avenue, by one
of two highwaymen who attempted to
hold up the place. Niesseler, who had
stepped into the saloon a minute before
the robbers, was shot while going to
the assistance of Temple, who had been
ordered to hand over the money in the
cash drawer. As Niesseler fell to the
floor shot through the heart Temple
sprang for the robbers, but he, too, was
shot, and it is thought will die. The
robbers, becoming frightened, fled with
out taking any money and are still at
large.
Saloon Man and Friend Make Futile
Resistance to an Attack of
Highwaymen. . - . .
ROBBERS WOUND ONE
AND KILL ANOTHER
Before going to the Vatican Mr.
Bryan visited several of the interest
ing sights of Rome, including the
Coliseum and the Roman Forum. He
took .particular interest in the spot
from which Cicero thuiyflered his in
vectives against Cataline. Later Mr.
Bryan lunched with Embassador
Meyers.
ROME, Dec. 13.— William J. Bryan,
accompanied by his son, was received
in private audience by the Pope to
day. "Mr. Bryan was presented by
Monslgnor Kennedy, rector of the
American College, who acted as in
terpreter. His Holiness spoke with
great interest of the Catholics In the
United States. Alter the audience. Mr.
Bryan expressed himself as highly
pleased with the Pope's kindly bear
ing.
Xebraskan Calls on His* Holiness and
Is deceived With Much
Cordiality.
BRYAN HAS AUDIENCE
* WITH POPE PIUS
WASHINGTON, Dec. ; 13.— There Is a
movement in the party to
smash. precedent and have tht Demo
cratic; convention held before that of
the 'Republicans. • A Democrat of Na
tional prominence said to-day that he
was in favor of such araovj and that
it would be made. > ...
I The Republican convention f having
been called for June 21 in Chicago, it
is probable that the Democratic con
vention, if the plan set; forth above is
carried out, will be held the first week
in June. The drift is strongly in favor
of Chicago, j although efforts j will be
made, by St. Louis, Milwaukee and Bal
timore to obtain," the convention. Just
what ; strategy of, holding the Demo
cratic convention at, such an early, day
is has; not ; yet developed, except that
the Democrats say that they > want a
long . campaign. The Democratic Na
tional .Committee will j meet hi Wash
ington on \ January 12 to fix -the time
and place Tor holding. the convention.
Proposition Is on Foot to Hold Con
, vrntion Week Earlier Than That
; ; of Republicans. .
DEMOCRATS PLANNING
A ''. COUP ON . OPPONENTS
. Lord Roberts . is against it. * He re
sents the prospect of being shelved/and
evidently Intends s to compel the Govern
ment to throw j him overboard. He is
suffering at 'the, close of his career for
the Incompetency of Sir John- Brbdrick,
the former War Minister, whose ; mis
handling brought' the 'present system
into irremediable disrepute.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— Lord Roberts de
nies the report. that h« is to resign as
commander: in 1 chief of the '• British'
armyi Nevertheless the new army reor
ganization scheme abolishes , his office
and makes the Kin'gthe nominal com-'
mander in chief and the Duke of . Con
naught his chief of staff. '
. King Edward strongly favors this
change,- which /was proposed by \ the
new 'War Office, commission, of which
his nominee, Lord Esher, is the \ princi
pal member. ¦ ,. .- ' / . i
Special Dispatch to The Call
It is expected that the disaster to the
cruiser Flora will cause: the Ottawa
Government- to provide more protection
in the form of whistling buoys and
lighthouses. The weather was dense
ly fc-ggy when the Flora was pulled off
the reef by the cruiser Grafton, and the
officers of the latter did not know their
efforts had' been successful until the
men aboard the Flora broke out into
cheers as the vessel was pulled into
Navigators declare that these buoys
are wholly inadequate as protection to
vessels which steam along the rocky
and foggy coast of Vancouver Island.
The steamship Willamette and a num
ber of other vessels have been wrecked
in that vicinity.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 13.— A dis
patch from Nanaimo says that the re
cent 'disaster to the ' British cruiser
Flora .was, undoubtedly caused by a
seagull which perched on the top of
a spar btioy at Village Point, Vancou
ver Island, 'causing. it to resemble a
cage buoy, located two miles further
do wn the channel.
These ;two buoys being on the-same
side of the channel, it is obvious, nav
igators say, that if one were taken for
the other .the vessel's course would be
laid to put her in shore. This error-in
distance will presumably be brought
to light at a court martial soon to' be
held at Victoria.
Special Di«r>atch to The Call
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— According
to advices received at the Stale Depart
ment to-day from United States Min
ister Powell at San Domingo City,
there is already dissension in the newly
formed provisional government with
prospects of another revolution. It is
said there is dissatisfaction with Gen
eral Jiniinez, who was at the head of
the recent revolution which deposed
the government of General Wos y Gil.
General Jiminez and some of his follow
ers are now away from the city and it
is said that the probability is that op
erations will be conducted against him.
General Jiminez expected to be the
President of the republic when the gov
ernment was given a permanent form.
Provisional Government Already Rent
by Factions and General Jlminez
Is Unpopular.
SANTO DOMIXGO MAY
HAVE NEW REVOLUTION
ENGINEER EMORY ERWIN, 56
years of age.
FIREMAN WALTER B. MINE, 32
years of age.
FIREMAN J. H. CARTER, 28 years
of age.
BRAKEMAN JOHN HAYS, 23 years
of •age.'
The more seriously" injured are: En
gineer M. J. Gibson.. 30 years of age.
Cumberland, Md., fatally crushed;
Fireman E. C. Bacheler, Terra Alta.
W. Va., legs, arms and head cut and
bruised; Brakeman B. G. Bolinger,
Grafton, W. Va., seriously crushed.
While descending the "seventeen
mile grade" the train, to which was
attached two engines, left the track.
The engines and nearly all of the
twenty-four loaded cars tumbled into
a deep ravine, carrying the trainmen
with them.
PIEDMONT. W. Va.. Dec. 13. — Five
men were killed and several seriously
injured by the overturning of two
engines attached to a heavy Balti
more and Ohio freight train, on the
"seventeen-mile grade." to-day near
this city. The dead: %
ENGINEER ERNEST D. -ERVIN,
28 years old.
Five Are Killed and Many Hurt by
Engines Overturning.
WRECK IX WEST VIRGINIA.
Lord of Kandahar to
Lose Command of
British Army.
Navigators Ascertain
Why a Cruiser
Hit Rocks ¦
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13. — Consid
erable comment was occasioned here
to-day by reports that Secretary Root,
at a dinner given last night by the
Carabao Society, an organization of
army and navy officers who have seen
active service in the Philippines, pre
dicted that a war would soon come
between the United States and some
foreign power, but the interest dis
played in the report and the specula
tion it caused as to what the Secre
tary had in mind were dissipated this
afternoon when it became known that
the word "soon" was a misquotation.
Secretary Root himself said to-night
that he had not # predicted that a war
would come soon, but in his speech of
last night merely had stated what he
had piven utterance publicly to on
several occasions, namely that "when
the time comes, as we know it will
come some time — we do not know
when and we do not know whence, but
v.e know it will come some time —
when you (referring to both the army
ftnd the navy) are called upon to de
fend our country, you will do it with
mutual helpfulness and comrade
ship." • \~~v- ;
The speech of last night, it was said,
was mostly an expression . of confi
dence that, in the event of war, the
army arid navy would co-operate anfl
Eland rhoulder to shoulder, cach^fn
support of the other and the common
country both are charged to support
and defend.,* *..
Secretary of War's Speech at a Dinner
Given by the Carabao Society
Is Misquoted.
ROOT DID NOT PREDICT
WAR WOULD COME SOON
VIENNA, Dec. 13. — Reports from
Bucharest indicate that the Standard
Oil Company is meeting with much
opposition in its efforts to obtain a
footing in Roumania. At a private
meeting of the supporters of the gov
ernment. M. Stourdza, president of the
Council of Ministers, declared that the
Americans had come to Roumania for
the purpose of monopolizing the na
tional petroleum industry, and that
they must prevent the country sub
mitting to such an economic yoke.
It is said that the Standard Oil
Company has now abandoned its in
tention of combining any of the ex
isting oil concerns of Roumania, but
that, believing the country has large
and valuable oil fields at present un
discovered, the company will endeavor
to obtain them for its European trade.
President of Council of Jlinisters Says
American Corporation Is Tryins to
Monopolize Their Industries.
ROUMAXIA WILL FIGHT
STANDARD OIL COMPANY
SEAGULL
THE CAUSE
OF WRECK
TRIUMPH
FOR FOES
OF "BOBS"
TOKIO, Dec. 13.— The Jiji Shimpo's
correspondent reports, that Korean
Minister Shin Kaui Sen and M. Pav
loff, the Russian Minister to Korea,
have entered into an agreement by
the terms of which, in the event of an
emergency, Russian officers will be
employed to guard the royal palace.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph ; from jone. of its. corre
spondents in the -Far Bast -asserts that
the warships of both Russia and Japan,
now in Chinese' waters, have been
painted -black, their .war color.
, Special dispatches from various cor
respondents in Japan, received this
morning, indicate that the.' nature uf
Russia's reply to the proposals of Jap
an will not be permitted to leak out
in the latter country.- The Daily Mail's
Tokio correspondent believes the reply
to be of a satisfactory nature and that
an amicable settlement of 'the existing
differences is In sight. The correspond
ent adds:
'.'As far as I can ascertain Russia
has made certain concessions to Japan
concerning Manchuria and is willing
to recognize Japan's supremacy In Ko
rea. The relaxation of the tension is
shown by the distinctly sanguine feel
ing on the stock markets. Contrary to
what might have been expect'ed, the
effect in business circles of the disso
lution of the Diet has been favorable.
During the week ended December IS
fourteen thousand tons of. coal were
sent from Japan to Port Artftir.
Doubtless if the Japanese Government
had expected war it would have found
means to prevent these shipments. The
Premier has received an imperial man
date to carry the negotiations with
Russia to a conclusion."
, The Daily, Mall's Chefoo correspond
ent says the Russian warships now
at Chemulpo are the torpedo boat Pe
tropavovsk, the cruiser Boyarin, the
auxiliary cruiser Poltava and the gun
boat Bobr.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 13.—Accord
ing; to the Vladivostok correspondent
of the Novoe Vremya, Admiral Alex
ieff, the Russian Viceroy 1 in the Far
East, has postponed his visit to St.
Petersburg. •
Japan Is Checkmated in
Empire She Seeks
to Control.
Ttie " Amalgamated'*'ofncials* "declare
the wrecking of the timbers and the
cave-in In the Rarus were the result of
defective timbering and disclaim the
destruction of ore bodies. It is said
on the best of authority that Heinze
will prefer criminal charges against
leading Amalgamated officials in this
city and that they will be placed under
arrest. Two of the Rarus miners de
clare they discovered unknown miners
in the disputed ground with flash
lights and shortly afterward they
heard a defeaning report and then the
crashing of timbers.
Superintendent George Moultrop of
the Pennsylvania deplares the story of
Heinze is created to attract sympathy.
BUTTE, Mont.. Dec. 13.— An under
ground battle, the resultof which was
the destruction of thousands of dollars
"worth of rich ore, is allesed by . F.
Augustus Heinze to have occurred yes
terday. Heinze charges the miners of
the Pennsylvania mine, one of the
Amalgamated properties, with having
exploded box after box of dynamite
in the stopes of the disputed ground
between the Rarus and Pennsylvania
mines, wrecking timbers and destroy
ing ore bodies rated among the richest
to be found in the Butte camp. The
Heinze officials charge the Amalgamat
ed men with having begun t%? explo
sions shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, after Judge Clancy had ad
judged the Boston and Montana offi
cials of the Amalgamated guilty of
cc-ntempt and fined each $300 for tres
passing upon the Heinze ore bodies.
One explosion caused a large cave-in
in the Rarus mine, one of the Heinze
properties, entombing seven men, who
later miraculously escaped through
ore chutes. The affair caused wild ru-
Dicr of great less of Ufe. Two other
nr?n were bMnded by the explosion.
Sl*eiaJ Dispatch to The Call
Two Colombian cruisers at Cartagena
—the Ccrtagena and. the General Pin
zon — took the party up coast toward
Atrato River and landed it at the near
est point possible to the Panama bor
der, but the troops were unable to even
reach the river.
The inhabitants of Cartagena and
Barranquilla were opposed to the at
tempted invasion, and now that it has
proved, a decided failure, they refuse
to co-operate in any way with the sol
diers at those points.
Further military operations on the
Atrato River are not proOabl* now that
the failure of the Tiradores is known.
It is reported that a large number of
troops from the interior of Colombia,
¦which had started on the march to Bar
ranquilla in the hope that the Tiradores
would be successful in cutting a road
over the mountains, have been recalled
to Bogota. This military movement, it
is believed on the isthmus, will be the
only attempt by force that Colombia
will make against Panama.
XO FURTHER O PER ATTOXS.
PANAMA. Dec. 13.— A correspondent
at Colon telegraphs news of the Com
plete failure of the attempt made by
Colombian troops to reach the isthmus.
Informafion was brought by the French
steamer Fournel, which arrived yester
day from Cartagena and Barranquilla.
From a reliable source it is learned
that the much-talked-of Colombian in
vasion has been greatly exaggerated.
About 400 veteran soldiers, known as
the Battalion Tiradores, under the com
mand of General Filostrat of Mar
tinique, attempted to open roads across
the mountain ranges on the way to
Atrato River. After a few days of
forced marching through -swamps, a
large number jot soldiers died from ex
posure and exhaustion. To add to the
misery of the invaders, their provisions
became exhausted and the Colombians
were forced to return to Cartagena.
Nothing was accomplished by the ex
pedition and no surveys were attempt
ed. The Tiradores realized the hope
lessness of their task and wfre glad to
return.
Special Cablegram to The Ca.Il and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Just what caused the accident is a
mystery. As soon as, the engineer no
ticed there was something wrong he
applied the airbrakes, but was unable
to stop the train. Five cars were com
pletely burned and the remainder of
the coaches badly damaged.
The work of rescue was carried on
with difficulty, as the cars took fire
immediately after the accident and the
bridge is a high one. The injured were
taken to Albia and Ottumwa.
Mildred Mitchen, the S-year-old
child of Mrs. W. E. Mitchen, was hung
to one of the , bridge girders and
burned to death "before the "eyes of the
uninjured passengers and trainmen.
When the train was derailed just be
fore reaching the bridge, the sides of
the cars struck the bridge and were
torn out. The live coals from the
stove were scattered throughout the
cars. The Mitchen child fell through
the bottom of the car, its clothes
catching to the girder, when it cried
loudly for its mother, who had been
instantly killed in the wreck. The
cars and the bridge in a few seconds
were a mass of flames and the child
was burned to a crisp before aid could
reach it.
The injured: W. P. Martin. Chicago;
C. S. Blair, Laraoni, Iowa; Robert Fer
guson, Mitchell, Neb.; Mrs. J. H. Rob
inson, Ottu'mwa; E. T. Scott, Osceola,
Iowa; E. T. Browning, Yates Center,
Kans.; Gabrielle Allen, Chicago; R. P.
Price, Chicago; S. T. Williams, Chi
cago. None of the injured will die.
OTTUMWA, Iowa, Dec. 13.— Five per
sons were killed and ten injured this
morning in a wreck on the Burlington
Road, three miles west of Algia, Iowa.
The westbound passenger train was in
some manner derailed while runping
on the Cedar Creek bridge and five
cars were wrecke'd by collision with
the steel girders of the structure. The
wreckage immediately caught fire and
several of the victims were badly
burned.
The dead:
MRS. W. E. MITCHEN, Albia, Iowa,
crushed to death.
MILDRED MITCHEN, three years
old, burned to death.
THOMAS BEATTY, killed in wreck
of smoking car.
JOHN FRANKLIN, laborer.
Unknown laborer.
A member of the family's entourage
says the Comtesse was fond of daring
feats of horsemanship and liked to
drive tally-ho drags and four-in-hand.
She found that male attire attracted
less attention when driving, and when
thus attired she was one of the most
daring drives on the avenue.
The family has a chateau at Nerae,
In the department of Lot et Garonne,
where the peasants were familiar with
the Comtesse's strange costume 'and
daring. ,
The latter was removed to a hospital.
There the patient was placed in the
male ward and doctors were preparing
for an oDcration when they found the
Injured person to be a woman. She was
removed to the female ward and was
identified as the daughter of Comte
Ogier d'lvry. An examination showed
that her skull was fractured in three
places, and she died soon afterward.
The Comtesse was 20 years old. Her
blonde hair was cut short, and it is ex
plained that she was in the habit of as
suming male attire in the streets to
avoid attracting the attention of men.
The D'lvry family is highly connect
ed.' The'Comte is a retired army officer
and the author of a number of poetical
works, including "Rhymes of the Cape
and Sword."
Last nijjht at 8:30 o'clock a pony cart
driven by a handsomely dressed youns
man, accompanied by a groom, was run
into by a heavy vehicle near the Boia
de Boulogne. The occupants of the
pony cart were thrown out and the
groom was slightly and the young man
dangerously Injured.
PARIS, Dec. 13.— The Comtesse Diane
Ogier d'lvry, the beautiful young
daughter of Comte Ogier d'lvry, died
last night in a hospital here under re
markable cricumstances.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Declares Explosions Which Imperiled
Many of His Workmen Were
Caused by Hired Vandals.
Small Army of Tiradores Turns Back
Discouraged and the Plan of At
tack Is Abandoned.
Rail Disaster in Iowa Costs Lives of
Five Persons and Ten Receive
Serious Injuries.
Accident Occurs While She Is Engaged
in Pastime of Masquerading in
Garb of a Youth.
Montana Copper King Will
Swear to Criminal
Charges.
Many Soldiers Perish oi Ex
posure in Frontier
Swamps.
Heavy Vehicle Collides With
Her Pony Cart ob a
Paris Street.
Attempt to Invade
Panama Results
x in Disaster.
Heinze Accuses Foes
ol Destroying Ore
Bodies.
BeautiMYoungCom
tesse Diane d'lvry
Loses Life.
?
Powerless Spectators View
Little One's Awful
Torture.
Hangs Suspended to
Bridge Girder Over
Burning Cars.
COLOMBIAN
WAR MOVE
COLLAPSES
DYNAMITE
MAKES RUIN
OF A MINE
DONS MALE
ATTIRE FOR
FATAL RIDE
CHILD DIES
INFLAMES
OF A TRAIN
( TES ' THEATEE3.
Alcazar*-^Th« Girl * I* £•&%«&
htad Me." ¦*"'*---..„,
Alhambra — Eller7'3 Italian
. Band.
California — "Fcxy Grandpa."
Central — "The Scout's Kavenjre."
Columbia — "Dolly Varden."
Fischer's — "I. O. TX."
Grand — "The Bonnie Brier
Bush."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chntes — Vaudeville.
VOLUME XCV--NO. 14.
. . ¦ ~ " : ~ }
THE WCATKEB..>'
"\ . . K r
~ * «?*
- rprccast &adB^»t 'San Praa
cisco for" thirty hour* enlia*
nidniS-Jit. December 14:
San Praaclsco and victsity
Generally cloudy LTcaday; prob
ably* lijlit showers; Usrht north
west TrinS. •
O. H. WILLSOW,
Iiocal Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY! DECEMBER U, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call"Provided, that reduced rates of duty j
on Imports from Cuba herein provided {
for shall not take effect until the Cuban J
Congress shall have first passed and j
the Cuban executive shall have ap- |
proved laws that in purpcrse and ef
fect shall be similar to the immigration |
end alien contract labor laws of the
United States."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13. — Finding |
that it is impossible to prevent the i
passage of the Ctfban reciprocity bill '
in the Senate next Wednesday, the I
American Protective Tariff League, as i
a last and final effort to either kill or
modify the effect of the treaty, . has
prepared important amendments whic& !
its friends will seek to have added to
the bill. The first proposes to so
amend the bill as to guard against the
importation of low-priced coolie labor
to the Island of Cuba, and reads: !
Would Modify Cuban Treaty.
American Protective Tariff League
u hen the House convenes to-mor
row consideration of the pensions ap
propriation bill in committee of the
whole will be resumed.
• : +t •
WANTS BILL A3IENDED
It is expected Senator Hoar will
seek to secure consideration of his
resolution relative to"*" the recognition
of the Government of Panama by the
United States. ' k ' " ¦ "*
No programme has been arranged
for the remainder of the week after
the disposal of the Cuban bill, but it is
understood that the way will be pre
pared for the taking up of the Pan-,
ama and Chinese treatio* immediately
after the Christmas holidays.- •- . '
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— The Sen
ate will vote on the Cuban reciprocity
bill on Wednesday in accordance with
the unanimous agreement entered into
during ttie special session and until
the vote is taken practically the en
tire time of the Senate will be given
to the discussion of the bill. Senator
Bailey will be the first speaker of the
week and it is understood will con
sume the greater part of the day. H«»
will oppose the bill and will devote
himself particularly to a presentation;
of the constitutional aspects -of -the
question. He will be followed by Sena
tor Spoonpr, who also will discuss the
constitutional questions involved, but
from a standpoint favorable to the
bill.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 13.— The body
of William Nevins, who was drowned
Friday in Whatcom County, would
probably never have been recovered
but for one of his faithful dogs. The
animal fblloWcd Nevins' body as it
floated four miles down stream from
the -scene of his accidental drowning.
The dog -bayed over his master's re
mains until a searching party arrived
to carry it home.
Nevins resided at Van Horn, Skaglt
County. He was drowned on the Up
per Sauk River by the capsizing/ of a
boat in which he was going up that
strea\n on a hunting expedition. With
a companion and four, dogs, together
with. deer he had killed, ne got into a
boat and pushed off from the shore.
The boat was quickly caught in an
eddy and was overturned.
Nevins* companion managed to cling
to the skiff and escaped. Nevins was
carried down" the stream, his body
lodging on a sand spit four miles dis
tant. His favorite dog followed down
stream until it came upon his body.
Ss*cial Dispatch to Th« Call
Upon their demand being refused
they held ah indignation* meeting
and again waited upon William Bol
lons, tthe roadmaster of -the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company.
He again refused to give them trans
portation,^ and the infuriated Greeks
chased him and two tilnor officials
more than a mile into town. - During
the chase nineteen shots, were fired at
Bollpn8, but none hit him. .. The fare
to Portland is $3.
It develODed to-night that Bollons,
whUe fleeing from .the enraged Greeks,
returned , their pistol fire and seriously
wounded two of them. The injured
men are being cared for by the railroad
company's surgeon at their offices here.
Bollons will not talk about the affair
at present and the other officials can
not be found.
LA GRANDE, Ore., Dec. 13.— When
150 Greek laborers who. have been re
pairing the Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation tracks near here found that
theyv were expected to pay their own
railroad fare back to Portland there
was a riot.
The Greeks were brought here- a
short time ago by the corporation and
on the completion 'of the work yester
day were paid off. The men then de
manded free transportation back to
Portland, whence they came, alleging
that .they had been promised tickets
both ways.
Ross has been an inmate of the con
demned cell for nearly four years and
at seven different times has occupied
a bunk in the death chamber. Hi3
case has been aired in the lower courts
many times, as well as reviewed by
the State Supreme Court several times-
New trials have been granted, stays
of execution ordered, and even the
United States Supreme Court has
passed on a technicality in the plead
ing.
Through it all Ross has maintained
a stolid demeanor, has thrived on
prison diet, and at all times asserted
he would never die on the gallows. The
final decision has been at last obtained.
There are no more tribunals to appeal
to and unless Governor Pardee inter
feres this week will be the murderer's
last on earth.
Ross himself realizes the fact. His
nonchalant air has been discarded and
in its place one of extreme repentance
has been assumed. » He occupies the
death chamber in which Theodore Dur
rant was incarcerated. Guards D.
Kelly and B. Merrltt have been as
signed the duties of death watch. They
assert that Ross occupies his time in
praying and weeping. He does not
deny the fact that he committed the
deed which ended the life of a Deputy
Sheriff, but claims that ho struck the
officer on the head with a bottle sim
ply to stun him.
SAN QUENIN, Dec. 13.— After hav
ing had the date set eleven times for
being hanged Bert Rosa is once more
in the death chamber and doomed to
die on the scaffold next Friday morn
ing.
Paymaster Geperal Harris, chief of
the bureau of supplies and accounts,
has made application to the Secretary
of the Navy for three horses, which he
states are required in the performance
of official duties. The Secretary has re
ferred the question to the . Controller
of the Treasuryt who evades a positive
decision by. saying that an officer may
keep one horse or more, according to'
bis rank, at Government expense, pro
vided his official duties require the use
of the animals, and leaves it to the Sec
retary to decide the paymaster gen
eral's need of three horses. The claim
is .made under the navy, personnel. law
of. March 3, 1299, which gives army, pay
and allowances; to, .naval officers. Sec-r
tion-i3-.fif,ttio;a<jt'hafifA)Qen the subject
of much contention and litigation, and
has kept the Controller and the courts
busy, and the end is not yet.. The par
ticular section reads:. "Commissioned,
officers of the line of the navy and of
the medical and pay corps shall receive
the • same pay and allowances, except
forage, as are or may be provided ..by
or in pursuance of. law for the officers
of corresponding rank in the army. 1 *
As Paymaster General Harris has the
rank of rear admiral, which corre
sponds with that of brigadier general
in the army, it would seem that he is
entitled to the pay and allowances, in
cluding horses, but not to the forage.
Inasmuch as army officers in Washing
ton acting as chiefs of bureaus have
allowances as mounted officers, Rear
Admiral and" Paymaster General Har
ris, as chief of the bureau of supplies
and accounts, is also to be considered
as a mounted officer and entitled to the
three" horses at Government expense,
but he must bear the cost of their feed.
There are five more rear admirals in
Washington who are chiefs of bureaus
who would be entitled to horses, besides
those who have retired since July, 1899,
the 61aims of which will undoubtedly
be presented and admitted in due
course of time. The chiefs of the bu
reaus of yards and docks and of con
struction, although ranking with rear
admirals, are not included as mounted
brigadier generals.- K1 . - Vc »¦"• :
TRAINING NAVAI/ ENGINEERS/ j
The naval board appointed V>.'-to : : de/;
vjsfi a system of education and train
ing ot commissioned officers forJ,J;;€n
glne room duty is said to have formu
lated a plan which is shortly to be
submitted to the Navy Department-
It provides for the selection of \suclv
ensigns who after two years' -service*
at. sea show_personal inclination arid
fitness for the engineeringrjbranch.
These officers are then to be." sent to
the engineering school to 'be estab
lished at Annapolis, and. after a two
or three years' course shall be consid
ered as eligible to^engineering duties
only. This distinction is to be indicated
In the naval register by some mark
against the name of the officers- se
lected for this exclusive 'task.. This
plan is not likely to. be favorably re'
ceived, for it is simply a return, • thinly
disguised, to the conditions of six years
ago, when there was a separate en
gineer corps. Then at least induce
ments were held out in higher pay to
engineer officers' in some of the grades
of' corresponding relative rank with
line officers. The latter then objected,
to this discrimination and the extinc
tion of the engineer corps followed as
a result of the personnel act 1 of
the engineers being absorbed by the
line. . The pay was- equalized and mean-'
ingless titles conferred on the former
engineers. It waa one of the greatest,
blunders in naval legislation through
which a -comparatively small number
received Individual benefit at theVrisk
of impairing the efficiency of the ser
vice. As the Army and Navy Regis
ter tersely states it: "There must be,
sooner or later, a return to an engin
eer corps; - at all events, there; must. be
provision. Tor engineer officers, with or
without corps organization and inde
pendence. ..'?' * • Theglamorous spec
tacle 1 of the 'fighting engineer* has
been tried and it ought to be relegated
to the pile of the, unused along with
other fictions which ; practice has
proven archaic"
There is a solution in, sfght of the
Considerable^ space is given in the
report to the grazing of 'sheep on for
est reserves." "As 'a' result- of a recent
decision of- the United ¦ States District
Court; for 'Northern; C|difof,nta, : it says,
the orders of the Secretary; prohibiting
grazing ' have "repeatedly bee'n^ "defied
and great-Injury- has been :ddne to* the
reserves by sheep '. grazing '¦ there! n^f-,--*
The Secretary - renews his recom
mendation .to Congress that the toll
roads in the reservations be purchased,
with a view, to rffaking travel over
them free. : ,
On the subject of natibnaj parks the
report says that travel through Yo
semite National Park has been consid
erably greater during 1903 than In any
previous year. The superintendent re
ports that the fact that toll Is de
manded of the ordinary visitor on all
the roads now In use which lead
through the park tor the Tosemlte Val
ley is. very objectionable. Some of the
roads are In bad condition, the corpo
rations owning and operating them
only making sufficient repairs to pre
vent forfeiture of their charters.
YOSEMITE PARK. AFFAIRS.
Further experience In the administration of
Oil* law confirms the opinion heretofore ex
pressed as to the necessity for remedial legis
lation and causes me to renew wMh earnestness
the recommendations above mentioned on this
sutject. • - - •
The reports of special agents detailed for
that work are now being received by the Gen
eral Land Office and this department and such
action taken thereon as the facts appear to
warrant. Where the entries are shown to be
bona fide In character and covered by the letter
and tpirlt of the act they are promptly pawed
to patent. .. Where • It -appears that they have
been made for speculative purposes or In the
Interest* of some person or persons other than
the etittyToen. a hearing is ordered, and the
entrymftu cited to show cause, why the entry
should not be cancelled.
Notwithstanding the extreme care exercised
by this department to protect the public tim
bered lands from unlawful acquisition under
this act . the entries thereunder have, • neve>
thtlefg. as t tatf-d, increased vastly in number., .
The act, when legitimately observed and fol
lowed, affords such facilities for the acquisi
tion by individuals and corporations of vast
bodies of the public timbered lands that it is
one of the greatest menaces on the statute
books to-day against the avowed policy of the
Government to preserve the remaining public
lands for homes for actual settlers.
In the. fall of 1902 reports of irregularities
In the making of entries under this act" on the
Pacific Coast were so numerous and persistent;
that on November 18 of that year I directed
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
to suspend action on all entries made under
eald act In the La Grande. Lakeview, Oregon
Ctty and The Dalles land offices In Oregon; the
Eureka, Kedding and Sacramento offices in
California and the Seattle and Vancouver of
fi#?s in Washington until proper Investigation
thereof could be made and- their bona fides
determined.
Information has . leo been received of the
conviction by the Federal Court in the Northern
District of California of three persons for sub
ornation of perjury In connection with the en
try of land under the timber and stone act.
Th-?se convictions. It Is alleged, are the first of
their kind for fifteen years in that section, and
it Is believed they will have a wholesome moral
effect toward stopping fraudulent transactions
of this character. At any rate It is the pur
pose of the department to pursue with unflag
ging zeal until justice is meted out to them,
all persons shown to have committed frauds
against the Government by unlawfully acquir
ing any cortion-of the _publlq domain.
SPECULATORS IX CONSPIRACY.
' Nearly & year ago Information reached the
department which strongly indicated that
freuds of a serious nature had been and were
being perpetrated against the Government under
what is known as the forest reserve lieu land
act of Jur.e 4. 1837, by a combination of land
speculators on the Pacific Coast. ...The informa
tion and indicated frauds were of so grave a
character that I at once directed a thorough
investigation to be made. This Investigation
wss commenced last January and has been
conducted by those having charge of the actual
work witn great care and with all possible
expedition consistent with thoroughness. The
Investigation has proceeded step by step with
out Intermission under my personal direction,
and every clew to wrongdoing has been quietly
followed to Its eource, with the result that It Is
the confident belief of those in charge of the
Inquiry that the guilty parties will be appre
hended and speedily brought to justice.
It has been my determination from the begin
ning that the matter should be probed to the
bottom regarflle&s of the apparent Influential
character of some of the men involved, and the
inquiry has been conducted throughout along
these lines. The work is now nearingr comple
tion and the whole matter will at an early date
be in shape for definite and appropriate action
aicalr.ct the offenders. ' ' '
While several hundred thousand acres of
public lands are Involved in the Illegal trans
actions brought to light, the number of acres
to which patents have been obtained by the
perpetrators of the frauds Is comparatively
small. The statements widely circulated to
the effect that five United States Senators and
a large number of Representatives were im
plicated, and that the lands »nY°'y e< iwould
reach In value $15,000,000 or $20,000,000, are
without foundation In fact. "
During the fiscal year ended June 30. 1902.
there were 4022 entries under the timber and
stone act embracing M5.253.08 acres, while
during the last fiscal year there were 12.24U
such entries, embracing 1,763.222.43 acres, an
Increase over the previous year of 8227 entries
and 1.219.968.45 acres. The Increase In the
activity of this class of entries affords food for
eerlous. reflection.
SUSPENDS ACTION ON ENTRIES.
It is alleged that several hundred entries and
final proofs were made before this Commission
er, all of which have been or are being ex
amined by officers of this department. Suits
have been brought In a number of instances in
the Federal courts to vacate patents and to re-
Etore to the public domain the lands acquired
by these alleged fictitious entrymen.
An average of nrty-eigM special agents of the
General Land Oflic* wtre employed during the
year in investigating . alleged fraudulent land
entries and otherwise protecting tne public
lands from timber treepaes or Illegal appro
priation. Entrfes to the number oi 7031, In
which traud was charged, were relerred to these
special agents tor investigation, 1257 were held
lor cancellation or eurpenaed on special agents'
reports, and in 4U cases hearings were ordered,
955 entries were cancelled. tSW were examined
and found free from fraud, leaving 16,311 cases
pending. on July 1. 1003. •¦ .
During the past year there have bsen indicted
and arrested in the State of Oregon,' charged
with forgery and conspiracy to-detraud the
Government, a United States Commissioner and
three others, the first being a woman. The
L'nlted States Commissioner has bees removed
iron: her office and all are awaiting trial by tht
ccurt.
On the subject of protection of pub
lic lands the report says:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— In his an
nual report Secretary Hitchcock of
the Interior Department says that in
accordance- wij,h the act of Congress
providing for the construction of irrl
gatiod.. jyorks for fhe reclamation of
arid and semi-arid lands in the West
ern States, a reclamation service was
organized, . surveys, made and various
projects considered. : • ¦
'¦A contract has. been let for the con
struction of diversion works in the
Truckee River, Nevada, and also of a
canal to carry- waters to a reservoir
on the Carson River. \ Investigations
in connection with ' other projects are
rapidly approaching the point where
contracts can be let for their construc
tion.
Two additional forest reservations
have, been established and. two have
been slightly reduced in area.
At the close of the fiscal year, it was
estimated, ' there " were in California
36,965,530 acres of land unappropriated
and unreserved, while \ 19,718,027 acres
were reserveji and 13,286,363 acres ap
propriated.
WESTERN IiAXD FRAUDS.
Spooner to Follow With Favor
able Speech, After WTiich
Treaties Will B6 Taken Up
Nineteen Shots Are Fired,
but Not- One of Them Strikes
an. Escaping Koadmaster
Search Made by a Pet Ad :1s
a Pathetic Feature to an
Accident in Washington State
Seven Times Bert Ross Has
Been an Occupant of the
Chamber Near the Gallows
Secretary Hitchcock's Report
Deals A^ith Conspiracies of
Speculators in the West
General Carter Will Report on
System of Remounts and Ef
ficiency of Army Instruction
SENATOR BAILEY OPPOSES
CHASE AFTER OFFICIALS
EFFORTS OF FRIENDS FAIL
ANIMAL RUNS FOR MILES
REVEALS SCOPE
OF LAND FRAUDS
BRITISH RIDING
MASTERS EXCEL
Reciprocity 3Ieasnre Will Come
Up for Final Consideration
and Passage on Tuesday
Serious Disturbance Occurs
at Railroad Camp in Oregon
on the Refusal of Demands
Faithful Canine Reveals the
Location of the Remains of
a Man- Drowned in a River
Slayer of a Deputy Sheriff
Must Die Unless the Gov
ernor Chooses to Interfere
TO SOON VOTE
ON CUBAN BILL
IRATE GREEKS
MAKE ATTACK
ROPE AWAITS
A MURDERER
DOG FOLLOWS
MISTER'S BODY
REAR ADMIRAL TAYLOR WOULD
BESTRIDE A BUCKING BRONCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL,. MONDAY DECEMBER 34, 1903.
ST. LOUIS. De«. 13— Attorney General Crow
*-ho. «inee his return from New York last
¦week has fceen convalescing from a severe cold
at the rrridenre of A. C. Htuver, suffered a
relapse to-day and Is in a eerious condition.
MAX SINKS INTO COAL
MINE AND IS LOST
Tragic Fate Befalls a Citizen of Hen-
Icy, Ensland, as lie Walks
Alons Street. .
LONDON, Dec. 13.— There ia conster
nation in the town of Henley, in Staf
fordshire. A man while walking
through a street yesterday suddenly
sank through the footway into the
earth and was engulfed in a coal mine
long since disused. All attempts to
rescue him were fruitless, owing to
the poisonous gas. \ A funeral service
was held to-day near the spot where
th,e man sank. It was attended by the
3»I&yor and th&, members tof the cor
poration. TbartowxT couMi^ is now
facing the prp.*gje.fg''jrf hbrrjjraMeal with
the disused coal j>its- which undermine
the district. - - , -'';.'•- '•
Pretty papetries in beautiful boxes.
Envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Handsome and useful 'for Christ
mas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st.»
to be carried the entire length of the
vessel amidships under the protective
deck, and, from this bulkhead others
will branch out at frequent intervals
dividing the. underwater part, of the
hull Jn water-tight compartments.
CRUISER DJIAKE IX BAD SHAPE.
: Licaks, alarming in extent, have de
veloped In the armored cruiser Drake,
and the ship is to be sent to a dock
yard for the investigation of the pub
lic: . The Drake has : been in commis
sion attached' to 1 the cruiser squadron
less than a year. - • • "
The conviction * is "growing in" the
British navy that the Cruiser of the so
called class are far inferior to
ships of o\her ¦ "navies 1 of approximately
the same aisplaceirnent. Sixteen ships
of this class have been ' : -'built, namely:
Ten of 9800 tons and six of 10,700 tons.
In all' of these gun powfer has been sac
rificed for speed.' ~";The~ main, batteries
of Ihe '2800-"tbn- ships are -composed of
fourteen "6-inch • guns; -the 10,700-ton
vessels r carry : two- 7%rinch and- ten .6-,
inch guns*. The German, French, Ital
ian, Japanese and Russian ships.of sim
ilar types and smaller displacement
carry much' heavier armament. In the
United States navy the three so-called
protected cruisers Charleston; Milwau
kee and St. Louis, which. are really ar
mored cruisers of 9685 tons, are almost
exact copies of the British 9S00-ton
ships and carry fourteen 6-inch guns. ,
Cause of Sleeping Sickness.
No little interest continues to be tak
en in the case of the three negroes af
flicted with the sleeping- sickness,. who
are now under treatment in Paris. Dr.
Brumpt. who has brought them from
the dark continent, is of the, opinion
that the malady ia caused by the -stint,'
of-;«.'fly> and that it has some resem
blance to meningitis. Animals have
been Inoculated with the human virus.
an,d it is. hoped that. a remedy will be
found for this peculiar disease.. One
of the patients is in the last stage of
the complaint. He was formerly strong
and vigorous, but he has been reduced
to such a state of lassitude that he can
hardly move hand or foot. He sleeps
two out of every three hours. When
he is awake after a fashion he can
scarcely glance around him arid seems
quite .insensible to everything that is
going on. In fact,, the unlucky negroes
look- as if they were under the influ
ence of a strong sleeping draught all
the time.— rLondon Telegraph.
YANKEE :;tAl!QR LiA\r& . ." "
EXCITE ". ENGLISH . \VRATH
Premier Sodflon Will " Call Case of
. » JInrpcr to the. Attention of the -'
Colonial Secretary. '• ¦
LOiTDON, Dec. . 24.— The correspond
ent of the Dally Mall at "Wellington, N.
Z., says Premier Seddon, has drawn
Colonial Secretary Lyttleton's attention
to the case of Harper, the New Zea
land bank clerk, who was prevented
landing at San Francisco by the United
States labor laws. The correspondent
adds that the case has created great
indignation and that Premier Seddon
has declared that such treatment will
not be tolerated.
CHRISTIANIA, Dec. 13.— A telegram re
ceived from Vardoc rer>orts that the steamer
Ortan has been destroyed by fire and that
three of the crew and three : passengers per
ished. .-. ; ' \
LONDON, Dec. 13.— General William
H. Carter of -the -United -States, army,
who has been investigating the remount
system of the British army with a view
to reporting to the general staff of th«
United States army, had a farewell in
terview with" H. .0. Arnold. Forster,
British Secretary for War, yesterday.
He will- leave;. England to-morrow .for
the Transvaal. Every facility has been
afforded. General Carter here, arid he
expresses- his appreciation of the
friendly spirit of the war officials, and
especially of the remount bureau, which
arranged 'for his investigations.
At Alfl^rshot a squadron of the cele
brated Fourteenth Hussars and a.bat
tery of the .Horse Artillery were, pa
raded before General Carter, who high
ly praised these organizations, and
particularly the quality of the horses.
The jieneral thinks the excellence of
the British cavalry and the Horse Ar
tillery is due to the system of supply
ing remounts and to the efficiency of
the corps of riding masters..
General Carter visited Woolwich and
Sandhurst. . He does not think that
these establishments compare very fa
vorably with the military academy at
West Point, but he says the results ob
tained are most satisfactory consider
ing the brief period of attendance of
the cadets. Accompanied by Major
John H. Beacon, the United States mili
tary attache, in London, and the head
quarters staff general, General Carter
has gone to Canterbury,* which is the
depot of all. British cavalry regiments
and where special facilities for an in
spection will b.e afforded them.
naval engineer problem which prom
ises satisfactory, results. During the
recent- war with Spain twelve warrant
machinists- were appointed, and this
number has steadily increased, num
bering now 150* • The. chief, of the.Bu
reau of Navigation^ repommends a fur
ther increase of fifty, which is likely
to be authorized. , • . ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ¦ %
WARRANT MACHINIST CORPS. -
The warrant machinist has to a large
extent taken the > place of the Annap-'
oils" graduate engineers, and the' suc
cess with which the duties have been
performed proves that comparatively
uneducated- but' .practical men are as
qualified for service' in engine rooms*
as highly educated officers with less
practical experience. : It is not to be
expected that the' corps of warrant rria^!
chinists will* always be content with
their status and pay, but will In the
near future ~d!ehia*n"tf-* androbfain . such
rarfk- and emoluments -as^their respon
sible, diitfes entllle thetn to. " Already
they have organized a society .for. the
purpose, as is alleged, of improving its
members through research and dls-.
cussion- df professional subjects. 'This
is- but the initial and proper step to
ward improving the condition of the
corps, and it will not be . long, before
the warrant machinists corps will take
the place of the defunct engineer corps,
and the history of the thirty years*
war, prior to 1899, between the line and
engineers will be on again. —
Two concrete drydocks begun less than
two years ago at Kiel are approaching
completion, one being nearly ready for
service. They are located side by side
with an Intervening space of seventy
five . feet. Each, dock is 574 feet in
length, with an entrance of -98 feet and.
with twenty-flve to forty. feet depth of
water over the side, according to the
stage of the tide. Considerable en
gineering difficulty was experienced in
the construction, as the docks are built
for two-thirds of their length in deep
water, no piling being used, and the
structure rests directly on the clay sub
soil. As the great depth, from forty
to seventy feet below water level, made
it impossible to use v any , method of
cdpperdam construction, recourse was
had to the pneumatic process, using a
suspended caisson. The completion of
this work will give the Kiel dockyard
six docks, and there will be a like num
ber at Wilhelmshafer, where three
docks. ( are under construction. > •
i AS UNLUCKY VESSEIi. ;
gj The-. Br|tish cruiser; Hermes,- ..which,
according to a dispatch last week, was
seriously damaged, by fire at the De
vonport dockyard, has been an unlucky
shift ''Completed hi 1889," she was sent
to the- North Atlantic station, but:re
turned in less than' a year with "her
Belleville boilers irreparably injured
and the engines In such' bad condition
as*;to necessitate the expenditure" of
aoo.OQO for repairs. The, ruined 'bo'ilers
were taken out and'Babcock'&^Wilcox
boilers substituted and during tne.<re
cent maneuvers these boilers"ga've Jaat
.lsfactpry results ; as to steaming,- but
becapse of the great (.volume ©f snioke
which they emitted they were-, not
looked upon with favor by the fight
ing branch of, officers. The ship;/at
the time of the accident, was prepar
ing for a race with the Hyacintht to
test the comparative efficiency of their
respective boilers, and the damage • to
the ship and machinery has caused a
postponement of the intended ocean
race. ........
.The armored cruiser Berwick, *S800
tons, 22,000 horsepower and 23 kriots*
speed, was placed In 'commission No
vember 27 last. The ship was built-by
the London-Glasgow Shipbuilding Com
pany on the Clyde, her keel being laid
.in April, 1901. ahd the time of >.cpn
structlon has therefore been only 2
years and 7 months. ,; '.;
The three new battleships ta, be, built
at British dockyards, while of the same
displacement (16,250 tons) as?the; five
ships of the King Edward ; VII^ class
now under construction, *yill <h*ve
greatly Increased armament and ' are *, to
carry four 12-inch," eighty 9.2-inch:. and
•six 6-inch guns." ~ Thls : ; iSjan";increase
of four 9.2-inch and a reduction of four
6-inch as 'compared'.with ;¦ the | previous
ships. The 9-inch;-armotv,belt is, tolbe
carried from enfcyto ; end ; ; instead £> of
stopping shbtt^at-' the V after* Vbarbjjtte
and -jSr.inc&sMe; armor -'' isjto protefttUhe
entire ; b"attery,*ab*dve,' instead of niount
ins^th&reuna.'in^casement. : ". A'-longi
tudihal -bulkhead of armbfv plating : is
Asks Navy Department
to Furnish Him With
Three Horses.
The accused man was seln yester
day and said that while an officer at
San Quentin he never received a cent
from any of the prisoners, except what
came through the mails. This money,
he says, he was compelled v to handle
as turnkey of the prison. Estudillo
says that all money of this nature
handled by him was turned in at the
office and a receipt taken for it.
When the former turnkey heard
that the Prison Board was Intending
to have him come up before it, he ex
pressed a willingness to appear before
it and vindicate himself of the
charges.
Frank Estudillo, one of the two for
mer attaches of San Quentin prison
charged with retaining money .which
passed through his hands belonging to
convicts in the prison, absolutely de
nies the charge.
Former Turnkey of San Quentin Says
Tlxat He Never Retained Any
Money Not Ills.
OFFICIAL WHO WANTS THE
GOVERNMENT TO 7 GIVE
S HIM MOUNTS.
FRAXK ESTUDILLO DENIES
'CHARGES OF CONVICTS
On this account it is not believed now
that the amendments have a chance
of being adopted.
"Be it further enacted that reduced
rates of duty on imports from and ex
ports to the United States and Repub
lic trf Cuba herein provided for shall
apply only to commodities carried in
vessels of country of origin." ,
Wilbur F. Wakeman, treasurer and
general secretary of the league, has
been in town for the last two days talk
ing over the bill with Senators and Rep
resentatives. He has not found much
encouragement in the matter of the
amendments proposed by the league,
as it has been' practically understood
that the bill would pass the Senate as
it came from the House and that there
would 'be no long delay in the confer
ence committee. m
The other amendment drawn up by
members of the leaeue Is said to be
in interest of American shipping and
of- such shipping as Cuba may have
now or hereafter. • This' amendment
reads:
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day. •
Take Laxative Brcmo Quinine Tablets. , 'All
drugclats refund, the -money if it tails to. care.
E.-.'WVCrove'n' signature la' on each "bojt'"2Sci A *
PAUL ELDER &. CO.
<® Open <%
Evenings
Dec. 12th to 24th
FOR
Christmas Shopping
G, A great variety of
tasteful and original
articles from Books
;and Pictures to Jew-
Cu Visitors are re-
minded that The Chil-
dren's Book Room and
a large portion of the.
. Holiday Display in.
The Art Rooms are be-
yond the main book
shop.
PAUL ELDER & CO.
338 POST STREET.
# Holiday Gifts ifr
I V EYE GLASSES l^k
I J OPERA GLASSES X]
ri KODAKS^ M
\_i_J And Other Ureful Articles.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR special, articles on burn-
. ing questions, good stories,
beautiful pictures, and novels by /
famous writerSj McCLURE'S is
the vbest of all magazines — and
K CHRISTMAS McCLURE'S
40^,000 Copies
is now for sale on all news stands.
J\icClure's-—W cents a copy— $1.00 a year
"At anx i trice the best"
SFErfCJ A.L -Subscribe -now 'fa* 1904— $1.00— and get the November and
WM^m n December numbers of 1903 free— 14 months for $1.00. The
O F*F'E# XV- : " r "^ s -' McClure :Ca » 147 Ea9t 25th Street » New York city-BRUSSELS. Dee. 13.'— Announcement la made
here that rich gold fields have. been discovered
in the Congo State. • . , •¦•...-
NEW TORK. Dec. 13.— Rev. - Frederick D."
Wright, for" many yea r«: engaged 'In 'missionary
work In Italy, ha* ¦ been appointed pastor of
the. American church In Rome. -
MADRID. Dee. 13.— The collacse of an en
bankxnent near- Cordova to-day derailed a
train. Fourteen' person*: were killed and many
Injured. . . " .:--;,- "•..-;'• ' ¦ . ¦¦»
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 13.— H. M. r S. Flora
arrived' at Esquimau : this afternoon for-re
paln nece»«ary as » result of her stranding 'at
village Point ten day* ago. She will be placed
In the drydeck 'to-morrow. .. ¦' ¦ ;.
H. A. Parker of Chicago, who re
cently resigned the position of gen-'
eral manager of the Rock Island road,
which he held for many years, arrived
from the East -with his wife yester
day and is staying at the Occidental.
H£ is visiting the coasi for pleasure.
poses and the cupid make charming
pictures and help out the act very ma
terially. Miss Hadenfeldt scored a hit
and should do well in the profession
she has adopted.
.The Tobins, also on the Orpheum
bill, are versatile musical artists. Both
sisters are highly talented and furnish
the. real article in music. The rendi
tion, of Sir Arthur Sullivan's "Lost
Chord" on the bamboo bells was great
ly appreciated yesterday. Henri Hum
berty is a great juggler. His act is
somewhat different from those already
seen at the theater. He seldom misses
and he introduces many innovations.
Pauline Hall appeared in new costumes
last evening, and her splendid form
was shown to advantage. She has new
pongs, but the lullaby will always be
the audience favorite. ''Bonner, the
horse with the human brain," is a mar
vel, and creates wonder by his almost
human intelligence. The Brittons con
tinue to dance themselves into favor.'
Francesca Redding did well with her
sketch entitled "The Cattle Queen,"!
and Hines and Remington created
much laughter by their nonsense.- The
biograph has new -pictures- and closes
a fine show. Next week the road shov*'
will be put on. Every act* will be new.
E. "W. Gillett, general passenger
agent of the Salt Lake road. Is at the
Palace, having, arrived on the late
overland last night from New York.
. R. J. Coleman of Salt Lake, who
manages the mining interests of Sam
uel Newhouse of Denver, is at the Pal
ace, having arrived last evening from
Mexico.
G. M. Ross, superintendent of the
Comstock pumping works, is down
from Virginia City and registered at
the Occidental.
William A. Pinkerton. the well
known detective, who has been visiting
the coast for several -weeks, departed
for the East last evening.
H. H^-Yard, who is constructing a
railroad along the Feather River, re
turned from Oroville yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
Dr. W. C. Reid of Madera is at the
Grand.
Dr. D. S. Newman of Spokane is at
the Lick.
FERSOXALi.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn.
\rt material department. Sanborn, -Vail
& Co.. 741 Market stree^ .
During the last few months Organ
izer Lewis ' instituted fifteen new
lodges in this city.
Aurora^ Lodge has arranged for a
party before Christmas ln^ the Shiels 1
building.
Mission Lodge will have a social next
January.
San Francisco Lodge had a pleasant
party on. the evening of December 11,
which was well attended.
Reports received "at the office pt
Chief Organizer H. C. Lewis of the
Fraternal Brotherhood are to the ef
fect that all the local lodges, and those
in the interior, are working with good
results to increase the membership.
Columbia Lodge will have a Christ
mas party December 14 in its lodge
room. Red Men's building.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
recorded marked increase in every de
partment of the sodality.
In submitting his annual library re
port John S. Welbank spoke in part as
follows:
EJuration Is the remedy against Ignoranc*
and bigotry and mental narrowness and per
verse evil doing. Hut it would be a greax mis
take to imagine that education Is the pecullar
herltage of this age; it Is the aspiration of the
human heart. The question of education In
school, college or library U the great question
before the world to-day.
It Is not the millions of people that will mak»
our country — It Is not the number of bushel j
of wheat which we export, the factories and the
other Industries that are growing up In our
land that wilt make or us p. nation: It Is not
to the?e that we are to confld» our country, but
the question Is: .What kind of men and women
are we "able to put forth? What kind of a
civilization Is to lie ours? What kind of minds
are to be those of our citizens? Then the ques
tion is. How shall. we instruct those to whom
we look as the norie for the future of- society?
The election then took place, with the
following results: Prefect, James R.
Kelly; "first assistant prefect. John Col
son, and second assistant prefect,
Maurice J.Pope. : .
: Outfits for- oil paintlhs,> water color,
drawing and taking photographs are de
sirable for Christmps. EJanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street.' • .
Belen, N. M*., is not the only point
along the line where the Santa Fe in
tends shortening Its mileage, Besides
that notable cut-off there will be an
other and a longer one. This, accord
ing to "reports, will leave the present
main line at Holbrc-ok; Arizona, and
run southwesterly through the Bill
Williams fork of the Colorado River
country, spanning the latter In the vi
cinity of Parker. Thence the route will
be northeasterly, direct across the des
ert of Cadiz, in San Bernardino County.
The last named- cut-off is intended to
be the main line of the Santa Fe and
will be surveyed and built for the ex
press purpose of cutting down the time
between the Pacific Coast and the East
and incidentally will open a new and
rich mineral and agricultural district.
The cut-off will avoid the running
through the numerous mountain ranges
of Northern Arizona, which the present
line of the Santa Fe traverses. The
great Kingman grade and San Fran
cisco mountain grade will be things
of the past, for the through trains arid
also the heavy grade and wide detour
just west of Needles will be avoided.
When President E. P. Ripley was in
the West a few weeks ago. with Divis
ion Superintendent Denalr of Needles
and General Manager. Wells, he went
off on a mining inspection trip. At least
that was the statement given out by
the officers. But It is said that their
real destination was the country which
the new route will traverse, and it Is
further alleged that they laid out some
desidable town site. For months sev
eral gangs of surveyors have been at
•work In the neighborhood of the pro
posed route ar.d there is little doubt
that the suspicion of work upon the
Beleri cut-off was due to the company's
subsequent discussion of the advisabil
ity to make the second great cut-off.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 13.— From
what may be considered authorized
sources comes the statement that the
Santa Fe company is preparing to con
struct one of the longest series of cut
offs ever known in the history of West
ern railroading. When completed it
will cut many towns off the present
main line ar.d traverse that' which Is
now isolated country.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Two men were arrested. One had a
bullet wound In the shoulder, believed
to have been received in the fight with
Especiale. . ~ - , . .
Vengeance^ planned with summary
deadliness in the Mafia way that is be r
coming only too familiar, was undoubt
edly back of the murder." Silence was
maintained to-day by the secret service
bureau as to whether Especiale had
been in its employ and had died a mar
tyr to duty. But here are the significant
facts: Especiale made his appearance
In the Italian colony in lower Fulton
street about a year ago. Two months
later the United States authorities raid
ed a counterfeiters' den at 60 Main
street. It was there that Especiale
lived. With others he was arrested, but
a little later he went free. The others
are serving long prison terms.
It' is believed that the criminals still
free, ' with whom he had been asso
ciating, discovered that he was a secret
agent of United States detectives. Ht
knew this, for he had prepared for
flight. It was learned to-day that he
had purchased a ticket for Naples, had
packed all of . his belongings and had
contemplated leaving the country next
Tuesday. Instead, with a bullet In his
breast, his body lies ln^the Brooklyn
Morgue. .. . .- ; -
NEW YORK,. Dec. 13.— Another start
ling Mafia murder, now believed to be
the tragic sequel to the ghastly barrel
murder mystery, has occurred in Brook
lyn. The victim was Salvator Especiale.
a refined and cultured man, supposed
to have been a secret agent of the Gov
ernment working to detect counterfeit
ers. The scene of the crime was in
front of what had been a counterfeiters'
den at Main and York streets. It is
within a few blocks of the scene of two
other murders. Not far away is the
dingy saloon in Navy street where
Nicholas Parella, with a threat of death
from the black hand hanging over him,
was last seen alive.
*. -
Special Dispatch to The Call
Purpose of a Recent Visit
of President Ripley to
the Arizona Shows
Intention of the" Company
Knowing That He, Is Marked
for Death He Prepares Too
Late to Escape Avengers by
Fleeing- From the fj Country
"Foxy Grandpa" is a musical comedy
scintillating with bright specialties and
an endless chain of mirth and action.
From beginning to finish its theme is
refreshing, and those that went early
enougn last rtight to secure seats at the
California pronounced it a "winner"
and all that the term implies. William
A. Brady presents the production, with
Joseph Hart and Carrie de Mar as
stars. 'What the audience expected of
the title role it found in Hart's imper
sonation, and Miss de Mar as a protege
cf the wily grandparent furnished a
character new and pleasing to the pop
ular idea of the funny artist's creation.
The comedy is a vehicle for much of
the musical order and for an abund
ance of clever work. Still, a distinct
plot may be followed throughout, in
which there are intricate situations and
a happy ending. Foxy Grandpa is des
ignated as Goodleby Goodman, a man
who believes that boys will be boys.
The boys are Chub and Bunt, two
youngsters known out of the realm of
playdom a* Harry Pilcer and Bobby
Harrington. Of them too much cannot
be said. Both have remarkably strong
voices, are vivacious and ably_ support
Hart. They perform the tricks which
usually return as a boomerang and add
a marked life to the piece. Miss de Mar
as Polly Bright is fetching and has the
ttjdtence for her own. She is the center
Cf many scenes, to which a well
powned and stately chorus and light
effects lend brilliancy. There is a com
bination of stately and handsome girls
The Gentlemen's Sodality held its an
nual meeting at Sodality Hall yester
day afternoon, when reports of the va
rious officers were read and showed
trrat the work done during the year
had been conducive of the greatest ben
efit to those who were members of the
organization. James R. Kelly presided,
and was supported by the Rev. Father
J. Hickey.S. J., spiritual director of
the" sodality.
M. J. Pope, the secretary; James H.
DIgnan, treasurer; E. j/Haynes, roll
prefect, and Librarian John S. Welbank
submitted elaborate reports of their re
spective offices, and each received a
round of applause at the conclusion of
the reading of the. statements, . which
HEAR STROXG REPORTS.
President. Miss Kate Van Edsinga: first as
sistant. Miss Margaret Mullln; second nsslKtant.
Miss "Alice Alvey. | Councillors — Florentine
Schage. Jljjry Campbell. Jennie McGlvney.
Margaret Foley, Gertrude Van Edsinga. Annie
Greene, Josephine McCarthy. Nellie ilcKevitt,
Ethel Schage and Emllle Zabaldano. .
Miss Florence Schage, retiring presi
dent of the sodality, delivered an ad
dress at the close of the banquet, in
which she reviewed the Work of the last
year and expressed her deep gratitude
for the able and thoughtful assistance
given her by the Rev.' Father' Caraher;
the spiritual adviser of the sodality, and
her associates of the "organization.
j The election of officers for the ensu
ing year resulted as follows:
Father Caraher spoke of the dogma of
the immaculate conception and the
manner in which it was believed. In. for
many ages by the Catholics, and said
It was only defined as a' dogma in the
middle of the last century by Pius IX.
After, the instruction by Father Cara
her benediction of the most blessed sac
rament wa$ given and the children
sang" several hymns. At the conclusion
of the.exerclses in the church the sodal
ity adjourned to the prettily decorated
hall, where a banquet was served by
the sisters.
I warn you ngalnust reading bad boolcs, for
such productions of the press are to the eoul
what *tryehnlne is to the body. I warn you
against evil companionship and company that Is
suspicious. Ilnnemoer. my young friends, that
the company of a young woman may -be her
salvation or her ruin. • I therefore . exhort you
to foster and possess those traits that, shall
stamp you with nobility of character that you
may be honest to the last degree and In every
sense be truthful' and scorn anything that is
base. Furthermore you should be loyal to your
church and to your priest.
FOUM GUARD ROUND CHURCH.
As the King of England has his life guards
and the King of Italy his body gunrd. so should
the. Children of Mary form a guard round their
church and their priest. I . exhort you then
to emulate' the virtues of the Blessed Virgin
and thu* ennoble yourselves In this life and be
prepared for the hereafter.
With 1 -- earnest vigor Father Caraher
appealed *o Jils Juvenile congre-atlon* to
look to the; highest and cultivate the
most beautiful .ideals. Besides warnl.ng
his hearers against attending theaters
on a Sunday and going to Sunday ex
cuslons and picnics, Father Caraher
said:
"My young friends,; I warn you, be
ware of the companions you make, and
I warn you against .attending Sunday
excursions and picnics, and* V beg you
also to abstain from going to the thea
ters on a Sunday." Thus exhorted the
Rev. Father Terence Caraher when ad
dressing a number of young girls at
St. Francis Church yesterday.
The occasion was the twenty-flrst an
nual reception and consecration of. the
Sodality of the Children of Mary of St.
Francis parish. There was a large at
tendance, and the members of the order
listened attentively to the address of
the reverend father.
Joan Hadenfeldt. a statuesque* so
ciety girl of this city, made her debut
at the Orpheum yesterday in the "Cy
cle of Love." She calls it the "musi
cal art maze, reproducing the most
celebrated masterpieces of the world's
famous painterr." The production is
a magnificent one. and the clever San
Franciscan deserves groat credit fur
evolving it. The four seasons of love
arc portrayed by models. It is a liv
ing picture scheme and is charming.
The audience never loses sight of Misa
Hadenfeldt, as she is in the foreground
in beautiful costumes and singing mel
odies that are In harmony with the
pictures. Miss Hadenfeldfs voice, al
though very pleasing to the ear, is not
Ktrong enough to fill the big v play
house. She. was a trifle nervous yes
terday, and with more experience will
do much better. She possesses charm
of manner and has a fine stage pres
ence. Her act 5s a feature, of this
v/eek's very excellent programme, and
at both performances , yesterday she
received, merited applause. . it lias been
many a day since the Orpheum, has put
on «uch an expensive , turn. ..The, light
effects are beautiful and the scenery
well painted. The young. woman that
¦ The women of the company, while not
as clever as the masculine contingent,
were, nevertheless, good In their fine.
Mabel Brownell, in the leading role of
Flora Campbell, acted the emotional
parts with a deal of feeling and showed
that she is adapted to the character she
portrayed. Adelie CummJng, Helen
Holmes and the two children of the
p!ay, George Clarke and Queenle Phil
lips, all came in for their share of the
applause.
Stoddard, of course, was the shining
light as Lachlan Campbell, yet many
of his supporters were conspicuous by
their clever acting. Reuben Fax. In
the role Archibald McKittrlck. the
postman. Impressed his listeners and
held their attention throughout by his
original wit and his quaJnt. weird way
of expressing himself. George Warnack
as the minister was well fitted for that
role and Robert Ferguson, as Dr. Mc-
Lure. portrayed the character in an
easy, natural manner. Wallace Jack
son, as Thomas Mitchell, made an ideal
simDleton and some of the lilts he had
with Fax were comical Indeed.
"The Bonnie Brier Bush" is all that
could be desired. It has been seen time
and time again in this city, yet it is ever
welcome. The pathetic and the hu
morous incidents and scenes of this
Scottish play were all admirably por
trayed last night by a company of sea
soned actors and actresses. It took
from the start and no one who has
'seen the production can resist the temp
tation of witnessing it once again.
Every one in > the house was bent on
giving a welcome to the great old man
and his reception la$ t night was pos
sibly the most ardent ever tendered him
In this city, and he has had a great
many in his time. He looked the same
and he acted as of yore, and when the
curtain was rung down on the initial
act the enthusiasm of the vast assem
blage knew no bounds. Four times did
the curtain rise, with increasing cheers
at each instance,- till Stoddard was
finally compelled to speak a few words,
telling the audience how glad he was
to be among them in San Francisco
again.
The perfume of Scotland's dewey
heather could all but be detected when
the curtain rose on the first act of "The
Bonnie Brier Bush" at the Grand Op
era-house last night. 'Twas n. scene of
reality, made .even more real whea
that venerable patriarch of the foot
lights, J. H. Stoddard. appeared upon
the stage amid a ripple of genuine ap
plause.
In first scene, an afternoon at the
Green Mineral Hotel, six musical num
bers are rendered. The second scene,
picnic grounds at Lake Hopper, offers
six more, and the last, a barn scene.
gives seven more. The music is by Hart
and the airs are all catchy.
All who are on .the bills are artists.
Eugene Redding as Signor Bolero, who
becomes the double of "grandpa," is
clever, and Maurice Stone, Harry K.
Webster and Frank Matthews consti
tute an excellent Neapolitan trio.
Signorina Colonna is done by Marquita
Dwight, who is an actress of high qr
der and furnishes the perfidy of the
play. George C. Pearce in the role of a
lever has a fine tenor voice, and John
T. Ray executes a good dancing turn.
C. J. Williams takes the part of Foxy
Grandpa's brother, whose effort, in life
seems to be in keeping his kin out of
trouble. There are about twenty others
in the cast and all deserve a share of
applause.
The letter of the King of Spain ac
cepting the present, said Pratt, refers
to the further strengthening of the
union of the two nations by a number
of royal intermarriages. Later docu
ments show the recession of Louis
iana by Spain to France and gives
minute details of the sale by Napoleon
of the province to the United States.
that has not been seen here since Anna
Held appeared with her Sadie girls.
PARIS, Dec. 13.— Under the authority
of M. Delcasse. Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, E. Spencer Pratt, former United
States Minister to Persia, who is now
residing here, is making extensive re
searches in the archives of the Foreign
Office relative to the transfer of the
province of Louisiana by France to
the United States. In speaking of hW
investigations Pratt said:
"One of the most curious documents
found is an autograph letter of Louis
XV, giving away the last Louisiana
territory to his cousin, then King of
Spain, as a present. The fact of this
gift has been known heretofore only
in a general way, but the text of the
letter discloses the casual nature of
the gift, and also. the fact that Louis
XV previously offered Louisiana to
Great Britain, which refused to accept
it."
W T 0RK IS SCHEDULED
JFOR KINGMAN GRADE
FOUND WITH BULLET
WOUND IN BREAST
Veteran Actor Well Received
in "The Bonnie Brier Bush."
Joan Hadenfeldt Makes Hit
John S. Welbank Delivers Pow
erful Address at Annual Meet
ing of Gentlemen's Sodality
One Letter Gives Details of
the Bequest by Louis XV of
Louisiana Territory to Spain
Santa Fe Proposes a-Remark
able Venture in the His
tory of the Development
of the Western Lines
Brooklyn Italian Suspected of
Giving Information to United
States Secret Service Agents
Pays the Dread Penalty
CURIOUS PAPERS FOUND
STODDART WINS APPLAUSE
JITTERS STRONG CAUTION
alifornia Oflfcrs a Musical
Comedy, AVith Joseph Hart
and Carrie dc Mar as Stars
Father Caraher Exhorts Hearers
Not to Attend Theaters or
Picnics on thc-Sabbath Day
Former Persian 3Iinistcr Pratt
Is Rewarded by His Eesearph
in the Archives of France
RAILROAD
PLANS BIG
PROJECT
OLD LETTERS
OF INTEREST
"FOXY GRANDPA"
IS A SUCCESS
PRIEST WARNS
YOUNG PEOPLE
INFORMER
IS VICTIM
OF MAFIA
THE SAN FRAXCISCO ; CALL:, MONDAY^ DECEMBER:-M.V 1903:
3
REGAL SHOES.
V'cur grocer is glad \<
Schilling's Bes
it costs him nothing and brin^
him good-will and confidence.
Why should he not be glad?
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle." For
sale by all dealers and '.at. office
of rialpruncr Medical AUg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE ;ir-.
CONDITION AND AIT AIRS j
FRANKLIN 7 FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. P. mil', and for- the year ending; on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
tho State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by Um
Commissioner:
CAPITAli.
Amount of Capital Stock., paid up
la Cash .1400.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... |23S.20O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 101,893 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
. and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,471.423 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar*
ketable securities as collateral ... 103.000 00
Cas*rin Company's Office 2.738 14
Cash in Banks 70.163 77
Interest due and accrued on all/
Stocks and Loans ' 879 20
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,523 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 100.S43 37
Total assets .' .jW.C02.37S 97
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid Jy.... $17,389 31
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense S7.63S 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 8,823 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. (467,731 00;
reinsurance SO per cent 233,363 34
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $710.-
070 86; reinsurance pro rata .... 349,412 13
Amount reclatmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 832.693 13
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become-due 24.3S4 22
Total Liabilities $1,471,313 24
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums ..: $643. MS S3
Received for Interest on Bpnds and
Mortgages 6,863 20
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loan* and
from all other sources 100.223 M
Received for Rents .; 7.059 10
Total Income $767,084 M
EXPENDITURES. *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $47,000 3S. losses of
previous years $331,731 93
Dividend* to Stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 141.739 23
Paid for Salarlm. Fee* and other
charpee for officers, clepks. etc.. 33.694 33
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 20.903 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures 92.344 37
Total Expenditures ._$722.S72'21
Ftr«.
Losees incurred during the year $36.T.ttfll T% |
Risks and PremlumsL Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of -Risks j -
• written during the
year $65,877,007 $320,889 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ...:.. 09.313.472 713.333 73'
Net amount in force
Dewnber 31. 10C2. 99.106.979 1.122.S£3 03
" J. W. MCALLISTER. PresitT*
• K. T. CRESSON. Sect.
Subscribed and affirmed to before m* thl»
16th day of Jannary. 1003.
SAMUEL H. KIRKPATRICIC.
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
218 SANSOMB ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO.. F. GRANT, Manager.
A..H. TiixVTHEN, Asst. Manager.
G. H. -UMBSEN t CO., City Afiau 2t)
Montgomery street. . . ¦
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
any man, careful about his dress,
.would appreciate — an order on
rour tailoring department for a .
tuxedo or full dress suit, made
*to his measure.- Suits ordered
now will be finished before Christ-
u %i ¦ w ¦ * fi^ A \ UT A
: Prices *3U to M5
Open Eyenlnrjs until Christmas.
• &^5ocT frfp
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and EddySts.
Wrist Bags
For Christmas
At Fair Prices
All styles cf WrWt Bera. la Morocco.
&«a!, Velrus *:»<! otter popular materials.
'.rova 5Oe to $7.
Also a choice llr.e cf Shopping Bag*.
Cj.nl Casp», better Cases, Welleta, Clear
Case* a.n.1 Music Roi!a. Fooular prices.
Crder by n-.e:l If you ere oat ef town.
THAT MAN PITTS
The Stationer,
1008 Market Street
Abor* PcTrell. San Fraaeisco.
Mm. w*l EK9[a tO Via^M C^fl
SOKMIAN
Pur*. Pde *nd Sparkling. Bottled
| OrJy et the Brewery in St. Loui*.
SOLD EVERVUHERE.
I HIl-i>r:KT MERCANTILE CO..
t Pac'.fle Coatt act.h. j
B DW 3 5u &£ ¦"£ aSf 6
I &&£&& BRAHD
\ QUARTER SIZES QUARTER EACH
CLUETT, PCABODY * CQ.
SMikeri cf Cluett and Monarch Sixru
Htf inBBll&HBl BUB^S&Ey mS^SaUm JmOA IbBh BBr trMW awKl /
wB I^b^viHsB^^^ bEt^9 jBSa hw - JwLo ' ' it9k bB Kt MOB ¦¦» tA
tar ' \%*Lm mffff HH RpW AffiV^T K&BbKK BS wma * Crfl %%^yjMr '^62^^§y An
EfiJrjjS mSr tt* ¦ t 1 * 1 1 1 * I v '¦ t \tr • r*» I HnKfi !'i
llPl»Pl r I I is the chic style and dainty shapeliness of Women s Kegal "^rafw
/ wrai^ "" '>! Shoes that will appeal to you moA strongly — but the solid, sPliuL
ffilrar honeit merit is there as well. The shape will last, and there's a comfort about Regal rfiu
paHr^* Shoes — a' snug, smooth, glove-like fit that heretofore you have found only in the custom-made. lit J
f||P^ kind at $10 to $12 a pair. '¦':.? __ .
HF. <J Regal Shoes for Women are made in all the good styles of the leading London, Paris, and Ba
wRffl ¦ New York cuilom boot-makers. - You'll find a certain diilinction about them that you miss in ordinary
|y " £ore shoes." The reason is plain— within 45 days after the custom boot-maker creates a new style £ja
%g£ it is duplicated in our New York stores in all sizes. and widths. Regal Shoes are made for the exclu-
HT «ve New York City trade. They are made to sell because of their style and quality — the low price A
W is merely an incident, due to the Regal selling syitem.. - ffiM
)& ' You will say that "this i is all talk — you've heard the like before. But suppose it is true? Sup- A
W pose you really can get shoes for $3.50 equal to those you have been paying $6 to $12 for?
Bjft& Isn't it^worth while to find out? • . . ' J&k
E» <J Our Stores are conveniently located — the women's Stores separate from the men's. We do not
Wd$ believe you can spend a few minutes more profitably than in looking at our newest modeU for Jwm
WMa Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. -^811tpafm laborers 'In Mexico, maybe em
ployed at-from 18-tof2»- cents "a ;¦: day.
though in many parts of the country
they are scarce and unreliable.
Funeral of John S. Enxs.
OAKLAND. Dec. 13.— Funeral ser
vices over John S. Engs. who died at
the residence. in Piedmont, of
Edward W. Ens», his son, were held
this afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
family. residence, 1003 Twelfth street.'
The Rev. James . Hulme, assistant
rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church,
officiated. Interment was in Mountain
View Cemetery; Only members of the
family attended the services. .
Sta nley . Fa y Is In j ured .
Stanley, j Fa>; slipped , and fell ... last
night while in :an, Ellis-street saloon.
His, head' struck. upon the stone floor,
lacerating the. scalp and slightly; frac
ftlrlng the skull. •'.; ;..-.:" .
.Our frame*, department.! is showing "j\
new line of frames in grilt. oak and art
nouveau finishes. ' Good for Christmas,
•fianborn. Vail & Co.. 7*1 Market st • -
Th« smallest of all republics Is that
of Tavalora, in thelslan'1 of that name,
off the coast of Sardinia. It has a popu
lation of fewer than sixty. -including' the
President and his Congress of six.
Then he went to. work, and there Is
reason to believe that it wasn't.—De
troit Free Press/ _
"I also wish to know," Mr. Sterling
worth said, "before I begin, what pos
sessed you to act in so shameful a
manner, and to drive away the only
beau that Ethel has had in two years?
Now, tell me." -
"Well, Mr. Molar is a dentist, and—'*
"Go on, sir."
"I will, papa v I-I— "
. "I asked him if he was a painless
dentist, and he said he was, but I
wasn't sure, and so I thought I'd ex
periment. I don't believe he's painless
at- all, papa, for he yelled— "
';. ''That will do, ray son." Interrupted
Mr.' Sterllngworth. "This won't be a
painless thrashing, either." .?
"Before I thrash you within an inch
of.-- your life, my son," Mr. Sterling
worth went on, as he\ reached for his
cane, "let me say that this whipping
will hurt you considerably more than
it will hurt me." . -
"I'know that," said John Henry, with
heroic fortitude.
"John Henry." said Mr. Sterlingworth
severely to his son as he led him by the
right ear into a room in the rear of the
house, "your mother tells me that you
stuck a pin into Mr. Molar when he
was here this afternoon calling upon
your sister, and that he jumped up and
left the house, declaring that he would
never call here again."
John Henry nodded.
"You seem to have the facts, papa,"
he said.
His Explanation.
The United States commercial agent
at Vladivostok. Siberia, reports that the
genera! Governor of the Amur has Is
sued an order that no Chinamen, Ko
reans or foreigners shall be employed
In the gold mines of the Amur province
except by special permission in : each
case. Meanwhile th- mining inspector
of the maritime province reports that
the merchant steamers on the Amur
are earning many Chinese and Ko
reans to the Amffoon mines, where the
men wander about in the forests unem
ployed, forroing a menace in case of an
outbreak of cholera. A supplementary
order now forbids all river. steamers to
carry these coolies to the mines, unless
specially contracted for by gold-mining
companies.
And yet Russia is doing all j in Its
power to add a couple of million Chi
nese citizens to its paternal govern
ment.
Rough on Coolies.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — Tha follow
ing.lsj a table of the municipal license
collections for the last six months, col
lections averaging over $1000 a month
more than the same period last year:
1902. 1903.
June • . $7,040 80 $(5,934 25
July &.281 75 ll.lCfl 75
August 12.048 25 13,«il 25
September ft.S34'00 8.07? 00
October 8,998 25 ».9S0 S3
November 11.706 45 12.564 5O
Total $53,588 50 $02,344 CO
Should the rate of increase continue
for the next six months, it will make
a total increase for the year of nearly
$18,500.
Increase in license Revenue.
-. A.: J.\Snyd>r— As to the cause of the big de
mands. I can attribute It only to the fact of
the continued Improvements that are ¦ being
made in Oakland and vicinity. . - Tho "Key
Route" ferry has certainly given an added im
petus to sales of property along that line and
the many reasonable priced homes that I 'have
to offer have enabled me to make numerous
sales. Not only along the direct- route but
In anticipation of the Fortieth-street line soon
being in operation, our properties In that vicin
ity are meeting good sale. But by no means
have my sales , been , confined . to that district
Several downtown cottages , and homes have
been sold In this office recently. . as well as
some higher prleed frontages ' on TelegraDh
f avenue, -which are. getting scarcer every day
Tho business district Is receiving attention and
aa for. rental* of stores I cannot supply p'laees
to meet tlie requirements of outsiders who «r«
anxious- to: open up business on a large scale
right Mn*the center. One sale that Is onlr an
Indication that . far-seeing - buyers know the
future " »n store 'for Franklin street was thm
sale cf the property at the corner of Fifth
and ' Franklin v streets. . This lower Dor
tlon of th«city is bound* to be the scene of
nruch activity at no great distance of time b«
eause-of.-the demand for shops, warehouses and
smair factories.. which must needs be located
within short 'distances of the business center
So. long as* Oakland was a town little thought
was paid- to such properties, but now that it- is
a city of the first rank the demands as such
must f be .met. With hearty : co-operatjon thrs
upward tendency has*- been .brought about
through 'the efficiency: of , Mr. Steams, out abl»
secretary : of the- Bfarf .of Trude. v . Oakland - is
fast-twcomlng not only. a. choice residence place
but a city of Drlme Importance In the commer
cial world. The ' day -• of . low values ' I > ,• passed
and prospective - investor* will do well to con
sider . the tendency , of the time* . and - act mc
ccrdlnsrly. '.:-•-.'. '•'• ¦•¦¦¦"',' ;—¦¦¦- '^ i' v,-, :-. j
Reports from the local re&l estate
dealers indicate that Oakland Is enjoy
ing a season' of prosperity which is
without a parallel in the history of the
city. Never before have there been so
many deals in real "estate during the
holiday season/ ' The expected depres
sion In the local market has failed to
materialize and the real estate men are*
Jubilant over the splendid outlook for
the spring and summer or 1901. State
ments are made by dealers as follows:
Frank j: Woodward of the firm of Wood
ward &. Watson— This has been the best holi
day aeacon I have known since I have been
in DuslneBs. In one day we closed four im*
portant contracts, and during the week in
quiries for property or all kindi have - been
numerous. 1 believe that the spring and sum
mer of 1904 will witness a greater activity la
the local market than has been known In years
¦ Ujmance Real Kstate Company — We nnd
that conditions remain about the same as last
month. Business continues active, especially In
regard to residence; property. Durin* the last
year we have done a larger business thin in
any year, in the last twenty, and the sales have
been cf a larger and more substantial character.
Among the more Important of our recent salei
are. those of a business not 25* 100 feet on the
north sine of Ninth street, near WanhlnKton
for .W.' A. Rouse to James F. Kelly; for Charles
Glrard to Harrington & Mclnnls. lot 1*8x100
feet on south side of -Twelfth street; residence
and lot 30x90 feet on iiouth side or Twentieth
street.- near Telegraph avenue,- for M Qio
vanonl to C. Larson: for Helen Munro to A- B
Henderson, nine-room dwelling and lot 35*75
feet on north side of Twenty-fifth street^ near
Grove; ten-room double house on south side of
Twenty-first street for P. J. Moffltt to William
P. MllMken; for Mrs. B. Myers to "D.-T. CahUI
six-room cottare and lot 20x103 feet on north
side of Sixteenth street, near Market: two loth
Nos. 0 ar.d 7, Rock Island tract, each 40xllo
feet, for E. B. Angel to J. J. Paul
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. ik
There was a blinding, flash, a sharp,
crackling report, and when Philip Spalt,
the switchboard man of the Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company at their
electric plant at the foot of Jefferson
street, recovered consciousness he was
on the opening table of the Receiv
ing Hospital, horribly burned.
Spalt was working at the switchboard
in the regular discharge of his duty,
when he was felled by a shock that al
most cost him his life. How it oc
curred he does not know. He
says that just as he reached for one
of the switches on the board there was
the snapping, crackling sound and the
blinding light of an electric arc flash,
and he knew no more until he found
himself under the care of doctors at the
hospital.
It is believed that Spalfs clothing
was damn from the drizzling rain out
side, and that there muet have, been
moisture on his hands... so that when
lie touched the switch the current sped
through his body. That he ; escaped
death is considered remarkable, for
through this . switchboard ¦ passes the
heavy current from the . main', line of
the Bay Counties Power, Company from
Colegate, with a register of 45,000 voltg.
-v Spalt had his left arm burned 'to 'the
elbow and his chest and face scorched.
He will be confined to. his home, 677
Twenty-sixth street, for some time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- 1118 Broadway, Dec. 13.
Holiday Season Does Not Stop
the Demand for Desirable
'Alameda County Properties
Electric Flash. Leaps From
Switchboard r With Sharp Re
port, Enveloping Philip Spalt
Incendiarism la Suspected.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — The police
believe that a fire to-night, at the cot
tage at 1002 East Thirtieth street, was
of incendiary origin. The fire was
noticed in the basement of the place,
bat so little headway had been made
that It was easily extinguished. When
a.3 Investigation was made there was
fe strong smell of gasoline about the
house, and evidence of an attempt to
etart a fire in a closet was discovered.
The bouse Is owned by Mrs. Kate L.
Myrick, who is at present in Minne
apolis. It was rented last week to
some woman whose name is unknown,
but who said that she would occttpy
tlie place yesterday. "When the fire
men broke In there was no furniture
in the house and only a carpet on the
Co»r.
REALTY MARKET
IS STILL ACTIVE
JUST ESCAPES
BOLT OF DEATH
WOMEN WHO ARE INTERESTED; IN THE "ANNUAL CALENDAR TEA
TO BE GIVEN BY THE LADIES OF FABIOLA HOSPITAL ASSOCIA
TION FOR THE BENEFIT O5' THE INSTITUTION.
The matter will be taken up at the
annual meeting to be held on Tues
day.
LIVERMORE, Dec. 13;— The stock
holders in the Ellis Ballot Machine
Company, nearly all of whom are
business men and residents of Liver
more, are anxious to know why G. E.
Ellis, the inventor of the machine and
the business manager of the company,
made no attempt to have the machine
adopted at the time that the Colum
bia and Standard ballot machines
were examined by«th» State board ap
pointed to select voting devices.
When the law was enacted in this
State authorising the use of ballot
machines, the stockholders expected
that Ellis would Immediately take
steps to bring his machine to the
notice of the commission, but, so far.
he has made no effort In* that direc
tion, and the members of the company
are anxious to know the reason for
his apparent Indifference to their ln«
teresta. '
chine, Accused of Neglect by the
' Company He Represents.
G. E. Ellis, Inventor of Ballot Ma-
MANAGER WILL HAVE TO- ,
EXPLAIN TO STOCKHOLDERS
.."I hadn't any more than got on that
car than my conscience began to up
braid me for the unnecessary extrava
gance in little .things- It kept worrying
me so. much that I was judt impelled
to atone for the reckless step by beating
the conductor and . thus saving my
nickel after alL Since which time my
conscience has been perfectly clear."—
Baltimore ' American.
z "This morning I started, downtown in
plenty of time to- have waited to the
office. A car came by me and. largely
through force of habit, - but more
through man's, natural laziness. I
hopped it." „:, ,*• .
"Yes?" said the friend. ,
-"Now, if there'a one. thin? I'm con
scientious about, it's *bout extrava
gance." fit. • -• ¦' • - i.'
"Yes. I ndtlced that," murmured th«
friend.
"This conscience doth mak-j cbwarda
of us all," said the thoughtful and
sanctimonious citizen as he stepped, off
of a Druid Hill car.
"Yes?'-' said his friend..
The Conscientious Citizen.
Will pour tta — Mm. Samuel Hubbard, Mrs.
Charles- Chamberlain, Mrs. . W. ¦ B. Dunning,
Mrs. C C. Clay, Mrs. E. M. Herrlck and- Mrs.
James A»-Folger. ¦ ; .;¦•'.-.¦
Cashiers and tickets— Mrs. Qulncy. A. Chano,
Mre. R. W- Gorrill, Mrs. Allen D. Wilson, Mrs.
H. K. Cooke and Mrs. George Dornln. ':'¦;
. The committees from the hospital
association which have charge of the
affair are:
Reciption — Mrs. James A. Folcr. Mrs. H.
E. Cocke. Mrs. Allen IX Wilson, Mrs. W. W.
Standoford, Mrs. -Allen. G. Freeman. Mrs. Wil
liam Urucnhacn, Mrs. Matilda Brown, Mrs.
George T. llawley, Mrs. Clara Banning, Mrs.
Arthur Brown, Mrs. Ilomcr Crals, Mrs. Edwin
de Golia, Mrs. George C. Edwards, Mrs. Hugo
Abrahamron, Mrs. S. T. 'Alexander.' Mrs.
George W. Dornln. Mrs.' E. J. Barrett, Mrs.
Hen«r Bratnoher, Mrs. S. M. Gllman, Mrs. A.
W. Burrcil. Mrs. E. T. Henshaw, Mrs. E. A.
Heron. Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain, Mrs. William
Cllft, Mrs.R. W. Gorrlll, Mrs. Wallace Ever
non, Mn. John Yule, Mrs. Qulncy A. Chase.
Mtft Wlllard T. Barton. Mrs. V. B. JIuntluy,
Mrs. C E. Farnham, Mrs. Franklin Bangs,
Mrs. Frank G. Haven*. Mrs. Frederick Charles
Clift, Mrs. Charles' J. Deerlng, Mrs. W. IS.
Dunning. Mrs. Charles Egbert, Mrs. Charles
E. Cotton. Mrs. William Ansus, Mrs. C. W.
Armes. Jr.. Mr?. .George JJ. Falrchlld, Mrs.
Albert Brown. Mrs. F. Jr. Barbour, Mrs. J. "A.
BlUs, Mm. H. A. Butters, Mrs. Hu*h Hogan.
Mrs. John L. Howard, Mrs. G. W. Cook, Mrs.
George W. Kelley, Mrs; W. 8. -Baxter, Mrs.
O. C. Kirk. Mrs. E. B. Sanborn, Mrs. J. J.
Scotchler. Mr*. W. N. Kieeman, Mrs. H. JJ.
Lathrop, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. Charles Sut
ton, Mr*. R. W. MeChcsney. Mrs. M. F. Mc-
Gurn, Mrs. J. M. Merrell. lire. E. M. Walsh.
Mrs. Francis fWeston. Mrs. E. A. Whltaker,
Mrs. I-aura Wteht. . Mrs. A. IV White, Mrs.
Alexander Toungr. Mrs. J2. B. Stout; Mrs. J. S.
Emery. Mrs. E. R. Folger. Mr». Horace Hus
sey, Mrs. William J. Landers, ¦ Mrs. George
W. Percy, Mrs. A. Schilling, . Mrs. Robert
Moore, lira. J. M. Nelson, Mra. .T. C. Wilson,
Mrs. Mailer Searles. Mrs. P. J. Horswlli,- Mrs.
W. T. Veltcta. Mrs. J. P. II. Dunn, Mrs. Alex
ander Marx, Mrs. A. M. Itcsborough, Mrs. M.
J. Keller, Mrs. Prentiss Kelby. Mrs. William
S. Knock. Mrs. *G. 'M. Stole. Mrs. Oscar Lun-
ing-. Mrs. Herry Smith, Mrs. Charles L,. Smith,
Mrs. -Edwin Taylor, Mrs. .William Moller, Mrs.
S. A. O'Neill, Mrs. H. A. Powell,- Mrs. K.
Kem'llard. Mrs. J.i H.- Wilaon. Mrs. I. L. Re
qua, Mrs. W. F. Burbank, Mrs. Georeo Che
valier, Mr?. John T. Roberts, Mrs. Clark }L.
Goddard. Miss Loretta Kirk, Mrs. Giles -H.
Gray. Mrs. Xora Kyle. Mrs. W. E. Sliaron,
Mrs. James Moffltt, Mrs. "J. J. Valentine, Mm
John A. Brltton. Mrs. A. McCartney, Mrs.
J. R. Burnham, Mrs. Edward Barry, ..Mrs.
'David T. Curtis, Mrs. David T. Gage, Mrs.
Irving Lewis. Mrs. Donald T. .Kastland, Mrs.
T. J. McManua and Mrs. W. A. Schrock.
Programme — Mrs. John Henry. Dieckmann,
Mrs. J. P. H. Dunn and Miss Claire. Chabot.
In charge of calendars at tea— Mrs. Allen G.
Freeman, Mrs.' John Shuey. Mrs. E.-A.'Whlt
iflcer. Miss May Henton. Miss Carrie Gorrill,
Mi'iS Hawley, Mrs. Wallace Everson," Mrs.
Hugh.Hocan. Mrs. Francis- F..-Weston.
Allen D. -Wilson. Mrs.-. McMannls, Miss Ada
Gorrill. -Misa Moller. Mrs. William R.. Davis,*
Mrs. Charles I*' Smith- and Mrs. W. S.; Pal
mer. ¦- • *-;. ! ¦• " ¦ ' ".', ¦ '•' '¦;¦ ¦¦
The calendar, from which the en
tertainment derives its nan\e, is ar
ranged* by the, ladies of the Fabiola
Hospital Association and consists of
an appropriate quotation from au
thors, particularly those from Califor
nia. It is entirely of home arrange
ment and makes an artistic Christmas
present.
The following young ladies will
assist in serving tea: .
Miss May Coogan, Miss Ruth Knowles, Miss
L.ucret1a Burnham, Miss. Helen Chase. Mlsa
Jane Crellln, Mies Ethel Crelltn, Miss Marlon
Walsh Miss Jean Cllft, Miss Cope. Miss Edltji
Gaskill, Mrs. Robert Lee Stevenson, Mlsg >Iar-.
garet Sinclair. Mrs. Thomas Phoebe. Miss
Hlva Nicholson, Miss Emma Mahoney, Miss
Florinne Browne, Mrs. Robert S. Moore. Mrs.
Frank BriRharn. Mrs. Egbert Ktone. Mrs. Wil
liam C. Edes and Mrs. Alex Marx. _.
Vocal solo. Miss Gallatin of San Francisco;
recitation. Miss France* Irish; vocar solo. Mrs.
J. H. Dlcckman Jr.: flute solo, Mr. Gennara.
who Is first flute of the Grand Oprra-house of
Paris; voral solo. Mies Violet Albright; Hawa
iian selection. Mrs. Lowndes Scott; vocal solo.
Miss May Coogan; vocal solo. Mr. WHlard I5ar
ton. Slgnor J. .B. Ualvinl will act as acconj
panlFt.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Once a year,
during the Christmas time, the ladies
of the Fabiola Hospital Association
serve tea to s their friends and give
each a little calendar filled with happy
thoughts and prepared, by 'the ladle^
themselves. This annual event has
come to be known as the Fabiola
calendar tea and it is one of the most
important of the charity functions of
the year.
The Fabiola calendar tea. of the
present year is to be held to-morrow
afternoon at • the residence of Mrs.
Reml Chabot on the corner of Madi
son and Eleventh, streets, beginning at
2-o'clook in^the -afternoon and con
tinuing until 5. There will be an in
teresting programme that will con
tinue." through the afternoon and;which
will contain the following numbers:
Secretary Wilbur Walker of the ex
change accompanied the committee.
The entire expense of the trip was as
sumed by the Merchants' Exchange.
About a week ago the members of
the band proposed to the Merchants'
Exchange that it give a concert at the
home, and the offer was accepted.
The following named were appointed
a committee to arrange for the con
cert: George W. Arper, D. C. Brown
and Mr. Far we 11.
The band came to Oakland on the
12:15 boat of the Key route, and was
escorted to the home by the members
of the committee from the Merchants'
Exchange. The concert was held on
the lawn in front of the main build
ins, and several overtures and a num
ber of pieces of sacred music were
Played. The band left for San Fran
cisco at 4 o'clock.
After the programme, lunch was
served to the cadets, and Superintend
ent Sanders took them on a tour of
inspection through the shops and
dormitories.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — The League
of the Cross Cadets' Band of San
Francisco gave a concert this after
noon at the Home for the Adult Blind,
at Telegraph avenue and Thirty-sixth
street.
Band From San Francisco Visits Oak
land and Plays at the Home for
the Sightless.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
GIVES CONCERT TO BLIND
ST. PAUL. Dec. 13.— The Northwest
experienced the coldest weather of the
season to-day, the thermometer rang
ing from forty to twenty-four degrees
below zero at the various stations of
the weather bureau. There is appar
ently no prospect for immediate relief.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dee. 13.— Zero weath
er continued throughout the day in
Nebraska with a slight moderation to
night. The weather predictions are for
higher temperatures to-morrow.
MILWAUKEE. Dec. 13.— The lowest
temperature to-day in Wisconsin was
28 degrees below zero at Unity, in the
northern portion. Street thermometers
In Milwaukee registered 16 degrees be
low.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13.— This was the
coldest day In Chicago for this season
of the year since 1S76. Early this
morning the temperature began to fall
until by 8 a. m. It had reached 13 be
low zero. The only time that this
mark has been reached in the history
of the weather bureau was December
9. 1876, when 14 below was registered.
So far but one death, that of William
Duffy, a switchman who was found
frozen to death in the Chicago and
Northwestern yards, has been reported.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 13.— The
weather bureau reported to-day to be
the coldest thus far this winter. At
7 d. m. the thermometer was six de
grees above zero with the promise of
sero by early morning.
"The truest man in the world Is the
true Christian man, and you need
Christ In order to lead au upright life.
Be a Christian first, and you will have
no trouble to fight the perils that beset
the young men of to-day."
Rev. Dr. Bane then dwelt on the dan
ker of young men leading unclean lives
and using unclean words.. He warned
young men that lust is slaying tens of
thousands, and urged that all should
lead chaste and pure lives and refrain
from the user of unclean language.
, "Don't say of another woman," said
the' speaker, "what you would not like
to hear about your own sister.
"There is nothing so helpful to- a
young man as purity, and nothing com
mends or lifts up or brings us nearer
to God like clean lives. Make up your
minds to have the best of this world
and the world to come.
MUST?. LEAD PURE LIVES.
"Don't think, young women, that you
can reform a drinking man after mar
riage. If he won't give up Intoxicating
drink when he is courting you, he won't
give it up when you are married to
him." }&*h ¦&':;&
"And to the young women I say,
never marry a man who drinks intoxi
cating liquors. The man who -courts you
and who drinks liquor will . get drunk
after you marry him. Never link your
lives with such men. If he drinks liquor
he does not know "the peril he is in, and
you do not know the peril that menaces
you if you marry such a man. In five
years he may be a common drunkard,
and you -will be a drunkard's wife and
in rags and misery. .
"To the young women I eay that If a
man is courting you and you smell
liquor on his breath, show your woman
hood and tell him that either he must
give up drinking or you will give him
up. If you don't, and you marry such
a man, you will rue the day when you
become a common drunkard's wife— the
most pitiful of all objects.
' After dwelling on the peril to young
men who lacked backbone to stand up
for "what is rig-nt and denounce what is
wrong, Rev. . Dr. Bane dwelt upon the
peril of Intoxication. In speaking of
this danger the divine declared that, the
man who first started as a social drink
er became a tippler, and then a drunk
ard. "Intoxicating drink." said Dr.
Bane, "is a poison to life, and It is filled
with drugs that create an appetite for
It. It is an awful peril to the young
men of to-day, for It blasts and ruins
thousands of lives.
The speaker then referred to the peril
of setting up one moral standard in
business and another for religion. He
said that the man who was a thief
and a robber in business and who went
to church was a hypocrite.
DANGER OP INTOXICATION.
The speaker then warned young men
of the danger of becoming secular and
ignoring religious spirit and thought.
He said that the man who gave all his
thoughts to business was but a mere
machine and that it was the duty of
man. to give equal time to God, as. well
as to his work. Continuing his subject.
Rev. Dr. Bane declared that it was not
manly for young men to consider re
ligion as a pastime and that the most
manly act was to never be ashamed
to speak of or to worship God in the
presence of those who did not believe.
Living beyond one's means and going
into debt were pointed out as great
menaces to young men and he said it
was better to live within one's income
and not try to emulate others by ex
travagance.
Another peril pointed out was that of
being light and frivolous and ignoring
thought and seriousness. The speaker
said that the tendency of the age was
to be thoughtless, resulting in lack of
character. Dr. Bane then spoke on the
tendency of young men to* neglect read
ing and the cultivation of tlielr minds
and the rushing of children into busi
ness circles, not for need but for greed
alone.
WARNING TO Y'OUNG/ MEN.
The speaker then dwelt upon the
many advantages possessed by young
men to-day and compared them with
the evils that exist and menace the fu
ture. The young men were warned by
Dr. Bane to beware the spirit cf consid
ering parents as "old fogies" and not
listening to their counsels. Ha declared
that the spirit of self-conceit was to be
deplored and urged all young men to
heed the advice of their parents and
elders.
"Perils That Beset Young Men" was
the theme of a powerful sermon deliv
ered last evening by Rev. A. C. Bane to
a Jarge congregation at the Howard
Street Methodist Episcopal Church at
Howard and Third streets. In speak
ing on the subject. Rev. Dr. Bane said
that the most important attribute of a
young man was character and that it
was the duty of all to help in forming
good character in young men and hin
dering evil influences.
The reverend speaker said that the
future of home, state and church de
pended on the character of the present
generation and that the conduct of a
man at the age of 21 indicated his path
in after life. Rev. Dr. Bane claimed
that the young men of to-day had far
better advantages than were possessed
by their parents and that they should
reach a higher plane in consequence
and should be better and more useful
men.
The revelation. of a. number of gaaes
In the air whose presence had never.be
fore been suspected contributed much
to the fame of Sir William. The first
of these was argon, which he discovered
in collaboration with Lord Rayleigh.
Subsequently he revealed atmospheric
elements which have been named neon,
krypton and Xenon, and, lastly, the 'ele
ment of helium, which in relation with
radium has proved so mysterious and
astonishing.
Sir William Ramsay has. been pro
fessor of chemistry In the University
College. London, since 1887, having pre
viously been in the department of
chemistry at the Glasgow University
from 1874 to 1880. and professor of
chemistry in University College, Bris
tol. He has received the highest scien
tific honors from all parts of the world.
The University of California has se
cured for a lecturer at the next summer
session Sir William Ramsay of London,
the first' chemist in England and who
vies with Dr. Wilhelm Ostwald of Ger
many for the distinction of being called
the greatest chemist. .
£ir Wlllliam will come to California in
June next and lecture throughout the
summer session, which will extend from
June 2 to August 7. The theme of his
lectures will be the most important
problem now before the chemists of the
world— the phenomena of radio-activity,
which have thrown doubt on so many
of the old \ theories as to the perma
nency of the elements and the essential
nature of matter. There will also be
discussions on the gases of the air, of
which Sir William is the discoverer of a
number. In accepting the invitation of
President Wheeler to the university Sir
William says:
; "At present the subject of radio-ac
tivity Is absorbing my attention. Mr.
Soddy, my coadjutor, and I have al
ready obtained very remarkable results
of what we may regard as transmuta
tion—the changing of a gas evolved
from radium salts into helium. I think
that as a subject of lectures the ex
ploration of the gases of the atmos
phere . might prove interesting and
novel." .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
. ... 2148 Center Street. Dec. 13.
"We are collecting data for infor
mation." said W. S. Palmer, division
superintendent for the Southern Pa
cific Company, to-day when asked If
the counting of passengers meant
gates. "It is all for the future.
Whether we will charge fares Is a
matter to be determined later."
That there has been a great falling
off in the Southern Pacific's business is
evident from the fact that while the
evening trains used to consist of nine
and ten cars, which were filled with
passengers and "drawn by two engines,
there are now only five cars, with one
engine, and these cars are only half
full. There has. of course, been a cor
responding increase In the traffic of
the new line, whose cars are filled irt
the early morning and evening hours
to their capacity.
' It is a fact that a good many peo
ple impose on the old company by ac
cepting free rides on its trains through
town and then paying on the new line
when they want to go to San Fran
cisco. The only way the old company
can prevent this imposition is to put
on gates and charge fares between sta
tions, Just as its rival does. Still, non«
of the company's officials will admit
that It is about to do anything radical
and things are going along In pretty
much the same old way.
The crowded cars of the new ferry
line and the yawningr emptiness of its
own has scared the Southern Pacific
Company so that something is sura to
be done very soon to prevent an entira
loss of a formerly good paying 1 busi
ness. That the company contemplates
doing: something Is manifest from tha
fact that its agents have been count
ing the number of passengers who
travel on the Southern Pacific trains
between Lorin and Berryman stations,
apparently for the purpose of ascer
taining how many people ride fre«
that distance or part of It every day.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. Dec. 13.
Minnesota Experiences Rigor
ous Weather, Thermometer
Registering Far Below Zero
Women Advised Not to Marry
Those They Find Are Addict
ed to Use of Strong Liquor
Superintendent Palmer Refuses
to Tell What the Corporation
Intends Doing in the Matter
English Scientist Will Tell
About the Exploration of
the Gases of the Atmosphere
ONE DEATH IS REPORTED
DENOUNCES INTOXICANTS
SUGGESTS HIS OWN SUBJECT
NEW LINE DRAWS CROWDS
Mercury in Lake City Falls
Lower Than It Has Been for
More Than Twentv-five Years
Annual Function of Fabiola Hospital Patronesses, Which
Is Looked For With Pleasant Expectations by So
ciety, Will Be Held at Residence of Mrs. Remi Chabot
Rev. A. C. Bane Preaches Ser
mon on Dangers That Beset
Youth of the Present Time
Southern Pacific Sends Out Its
Agents to Count the Num
ber of People Riding Free
Sir William Ramsay Accepts
Invitation to Lecture Before
the University of California
WILL POUR TEA AND GIVE
I GUESTS PRETTY CALENDARS
CHICAGO COLDER
NOW THAN EVER
WARNS YOUNG
MEN OF PERIL
GREAT CHEMIST
TO COME WEST
NOTES FALLING
OFF IN TRAVEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY .DECEMBER: 14, 1903.
4
9 •
fi THE' CHRISTMAS CALL; t
'{• £ NUMBER OF SURPASS- |
? ING ATTRACTIVENESS, ; ::
V 'WILL BE ISSUED NEXT; t
#-| SUNDAY, DECEM- t f
| ¦ - -::
• " Place Your Orders Now * *
* * ' '¦ : . ' '* -¦ -':'- -¦--'¦ ' ' . ' ¦ ' ¦ r*> : > ' * *
' * , '.The ' most dlstinffuislied sad * *
T ; snmptaona paper • of . th« Ynletlde. -T
) " Its brilliant paares •¦ oontain contri- V
T bntions from many leadlnir writers .
t, of the c day,* and ¦- the ' etrikiajrly >X
.1. -characteristic -work of " its staff J.
.t. ;. contritontoro will make -Ha truly . .
X" delisrhtful and interesting- pagar. ..
J. ¦ . 'With this issue wiU be present- X.
•J." ed, . absolutely , free - of t oharjre, , -.
i. * "Decorating ? f or^tho Farty."; that i.
i. charminir picture by Brysoa. "D«c- . 5 .
2 ' oratimr for the Party" is another .,.
of the popular ; Gold Series, and, •:«
•4- like " its companion ~ pieces, "Se- •**
"•{• : dorah," "Admiration" . and. "At | the ¦ v
4. Opera," ; will \ adora •: the • walls' of "!•;
Y many of the homes of the Great v
.•r :-West. >r •-.-•¦•¦.'•¦.'• ¦:¦*-.¦¦:¦.. ~ ;- ? ,-,s-y^ ?*
i-f > Newsdealers and agents wlll'do •»•',
Tj well to order early, as the «xppljr.T
¦ p Is f llmtted.^^- «¦-;-% 7 - -,..;;¦.
XV OLDEN TIMES
?eep!« Were Content to Take TUnrs
Sa*l«r Than Nov.
If our forefathers could behold this
modern locomotives, automobiles and
electric cars they would bold upHheir
hard* in astonishment.
The staee-coach was fast enough then
— people were more content to take
thlnffs easy.
They used to be satisfted with any sort
of a hair h>tion that came along if it
did not prevent Baldness th»>y thought It
»wes because Baldness could not be pre-
vcntPd.
If* different now. People knotr that
terin« cause Baldnesa and that Newbro'a
Hcrricide kills the cermu. thus curing
Dandruff «nd preventing 1 Baldness
Sold by lexAlng drus-pist*. Send 10c in
ptamp* sW sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich. *->--.
CASTORIA
Bears lio ,/^>2* s/
filpmtxiro of (JiaS £ /z/<&&UA:
e •
Per Infants and Children.
The Kind Yon Have Always Bough!
2IEW ADVEETISEMENTa
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
. surely cured by the use of
This scientific rerniidde is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brans of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
• l.OO, at dru££istsor by mall, frura
0 v^— li-*^
SlJO Mace St. • V«w Tori
*; ¦ •", •- . Send for Booklet.
®¥im, Yigir. Vitality tor Men
MORMOX BISHOP'S KLLS
have been la us* over arty
year* by th* leader* •{ tas
Mormon Church and ta*ir
followers.. Positively cure turn
«or«t cum In old - mad young _j
arising from errecti of »eU-
abasc. dissipation, excesses of
cigarette smoking. Cur* Loat
Manhood. Izaputency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Iasom-
nia. Pain* in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitnesa to, Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, —m jm± Varlcooele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *"5 KM vous TwttchJn* ot
Eytllda. Effects are J^Jz^ Immediate. Impart
vlifor and potency CenTS to every function.
Don't set despondent, a eure Is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 20c a box; 0 for
S2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure of
money refunded with 6 boxea. Circulars fr»e»
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis SL
Kan Francisco. CaL GRANT* DRUG CO.. 4*
and 40 Third «t. ' '
J visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat d
\ MUSEUM OF AMATOMY^
\ Br/ The Until Aaateaucml Muna in the \
A Woikt W«k»«in »r aaf contncte<t m)
7 fl 9BB «l»e«e p«MJ«l»"«T c»r«J n 7 th« »ldeM f
I I ifftri CR - JORDAM-DiSEASES OF MEM i
I fi@&9 Comuiutioa free ind rtrictly priT«». \
1 I J QWfl Ttmnatnl p«f»oii»1iy »r by \erttt. A J
I B ' r nU /<mUw« CW«ia every cueaaden&Vca. T
ili Hi WK:ii«vBMk.rBiLmoray«ri
I ' r i IV ntiiaiASK. mailed max. <Ar
J II »aiu»bl« boo* for men) , \
I ' db. JOWLUAJI * CO.. 1051 Market»t.S. r. V
0-^^. '^^^'^ «%. <^g)
tIERCES
FAVORITE v
SCRIPTION
, R WEAK WOUt EM;
WEEKLY CAJUL, $1.00 7SS YEAS,
APVEBTISTClVrBNTS.Tricks a Servant Girl.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good Christmas present. The only large
assortment of good things is at Sanborn,
& Vail's, 741 Market street. •
Baj-i He Will Remain Till He Finds
He Is Xo Longer Fit for
Duty.
The report that Captain Andrew J.
Dunlevy of the Harbor Police District
was to retire on a pension was denied
by the captain yesterday. "I have no
intention of retiring," he said, "but,
of course, I don't know what the
Police Commissioners may do. When
I feel that I am no longer fit for duty,
the Chief of Police will be the first
one to learn of my desire for retire
ment."
When an officer has reached the
age of 65 and has served twenty-five
years in the department, the Commis
sioners have the power to retire him
from active duty and place him on
the pension roll if he does not retire
voluntarily.
Captain Dunlevy. with one excep-
The Germania Club of this city
celebrated Its thirtieth anniversary
last Saturday at Native Sons' Hall, on
Mason street, with a banquet and
grand ball. Only the members and
their lady friends were admitted.
The grand march Was led by H. D.
Ascher and Miss Elsie Gerken. The
singing organization of the club ren
dered "Noch Sind Die Tage der
Rosen." John Steffens, financial . sec
retary, was presented with an onyx
table and a gold vase in appreciation
of his services to the club. Dr. Max
Magnus acted' as toastmaster, and
toasts were responded to by Henry
F. Budde, H. D. Harder and others.
The committees in charge of the
affair were: Arrangements—^-William
Gorken, Emil Marzoff, Henry Koener,
P. H. von Doehren and Fred Eggers.
Floor — H. D. Harder. William Jebe,
William Hofmann, H. Lueneburg and
Peter Koeffen. The officers of the club
are: President, H. D. Ascher; vice
president, H. Viether; recording sec
retary, William Jebe; financial sec
retary, John Steffens; treasurer, John
Jacobs; directors, - Emil Marzolf,
Charles Toloskl, H. Mueller; librarian,
Claus Braasch; president of singing
section, H. Koerner.
Is Fittingly Celebrated With
Banquet and Ball.
Birthday of Well-K4r>\vn Organization
tion, is the oldest officer on the force
in point of service. He joined the
force in May, 186S, was made a ser
geant on December 27, 1878, and a
captain on May 5, 1884. He was born
on December 20. 1831. Detective Ser
geant Robert Hogan joined the force
in April, 1868, one month earlier than
Captain Dunlevy.
political alchenv," he said, "by which
you can get golden conduct from lead
en instincts." In his "Social Statics,"
in numerous essays. In "The Man Ver
sus the State," and throughout his "So
ciology and Ethics" he defended his
views with the most persuasive logic
and immense resourcefulness; and the
fact that he stood alone, or almos't so %
never seemed to discourage him, but
only to make him fight the harder.
"For a lost cause," many will say.
Possibly so, in our day. Ignorance and
folly are formidable, antagonists. Mr.
Spencer himself prophesied the "com
ing slavery." But if this splendid man
was deprived of the exultation which
rewards victory, he at least enjoyed a
calm pleasure in the consciousness of
the large share he would have in "the
making of man," and in contemplat
ing "from the heights of thought" the
ultimate elevated state of humanity,
wrought, in great measure, by his co
lossal labors.
All leather goods (and we have every
thing) lettered in gold free of charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
The Press Club, will give its annual
entertainment at Fischer's Theater to
morrow night, when a performance
of "I O U" will be put on. specially fea
tured for the occasion. A programme
of elaborate design and containing the
work of local artists and newspaper
men has been prepared and at the
conclusion of the piece the Press Club
will hold open house at its quarters on
Ellis street.
Press Clnb Entertainment.
Here is how a Kansas paper identifies
a. multi-millionaire railroad magnate:
"George Gould, who is a brother of
Helen Gould, passed through here yes
terday on his special car.
John Fitzgerald Reports the Disap
pearance of His Friend, Frank,
Summers.
John Fitzgerald, 5312 Mission
street, called at the Coroner's office
yesterday and asked if the body of a
young man about 23 years of age was
in the Morgue. He was assured that
no such body occupied a slab, and he
seemed relieved.
Fitzgerald said that Frank Sum
mers came here from Des Moines, la.,
on December 2 and stopped at the
Winchester Hotel for one night. The
following day Summers called at Fitz
gerald's house and, as the families
were intimately known to each other,
was asked to make his home there as
long as he liked.
Summers remained ther^ till De
cember 7. That morning he left for
the purpose of. seeking employment In
some vinegar works, but did not re
turn. Fitzgerald called at the different
vinegar works in the city, but no one
could recollect of Summers having
applied tor employment. Fitzgerald
suspected that his young friend might
have met with foul play, as he had
$500 in currency in his pocket when
he left his house.
CLUB PARTIES.
The Alpha Chapter of the Phi Psi
fraternity -gave an informal stag party
last Saturday evening at the home of
George Uri, one of Its members. The
residence" was tastefully decorated for
the occasion and a pleasant evening's
entertainment, which included whist,
ping-pong, music and sparkling repar
tee, was enjoyed by the score of gen
tlement present.
An orchestra concert was given at
Angel Island a few days ago by the
Thirteenth Infantry orchestra, under
the direction of Chief Musician Trut
ncr. The programme was well rendered
and appreciated. Many were in attend
ance from Alcatraz Island and the dis-'
charge camp. A short hop followed the
concert. The programme was as fol
lows: March, "Uncle Sammy" (Holz
nian); overture, "Mons. Choufleuri"
(Offenbach); violin solo, "Hungarian
Rhapsody" (Hauser). Chief Musician
Trutner, Professor Fuhrmiester accom
panist; intermezzo, "Sparklets" (To
bani); selection from "The Bohemian
Girl" (Balfe); violin solos— (a)' Schu
mann's "Trasumari," (b) Moszkowski's
him atSone time to present insuper
able objections to the development the
ory.
CREATED SOCIOLOGY.
I think it may fairly be said that
Mr. Spencer was tht creator of the
science of sociology. Certainly his con
tributions to the subject far exceed in
value and extent those of any other
man. His well sustained theory of the
origin of religions •'-- alone sufficient
to insure him enduring fame as a so
ciologist. This theoiy was first ex
pounded in an essay published in the
Fortnightly Review in 1870, entitled
"Animal Worship." Mr. Spencer there
vigorously combated the doctrine es
poused by Professor Max Muller and
others that the gods of savages are
"personified powers of nature." All re
ligions, Mr. Spencer contends, arose out
of ghost worship.
The shade or spirit of a deceased per
son Is regarded as persisting after
death, which is looked upon as only a
prolonged insensibility: and if the de
ceased had been an important or pow
erful personage in life his spirit was
naturally propitiated in the belief that
when it would "come to," or return to
the body, the revived man would dis
play a friendly feeling toward those
who' had propitiated his wandering
spirit. Hence the practice of embalm
ing the dead or placing their bodies be
yond the reach of devouring animals
by burying them or putting them in
other inaccessible places. Hence, also,
the custom of placing in their graves
implements of warfare, and among
some tribes of burying alive with them,
their wives and dogs. This belief in
the departure and return of the spirit
arose chietiy out of the vivid dreams
to which savages are especially subject.
The worship of material objects Mr.
Spencer shows to be derivative, arising
In various ways out of ghost worship.
Mr. Spencer's ethical doctrines are
set forth in his "Principles of Ethics,"
by which the ' "Synthetic Philosophy"
was brought to a close. Here for the
first time it was demonstrated that
moral obligations have a natural basis.
Mr. Spencer \yas a utilitarian, but not
In the narrow and conventional sense.
He attributed moral intuitions not to
the experiences of the individual, but
of I the whole race, human and sub
human. These vast experiences, ex
tending over millions of , years, Yiave
produced in us moral faculties, with
their appropriate sentiments and ideas;
while innate to the Individual (except
ing such modifications thereof as the
experiences of a single life produce),
they have been acquired by the race.
.'v; :.; PQLITICAIi SERVICE.
But Herbert Spencer's most practical
and possibly greatest service to human
ity . were "rendered in the field of po
litical science. r At the early age of
22 he s published the "Proper Sphere of
Government," \wherein he advanced
Ideas which for sixty years thereafter
he with superb ' ability and
illustrated by multitudinous facts gath
ered by him from every age and clime.
I: I think it , may be § said without ex
aggeration that his contributions to the
science of government far exceed in
merit those: of all other writers com
bined. He was the first to perceive that
growing industrialism necessitates lim-'
itlng and specializing the functions of
government. "He was the most'enllght
ened and vigorous opponent' of hydra
headed socialism and paternalism : the
world has ever known.' "There is no
YOUNG MAN JIAY HAVE
MET WITH TOUIj PLAY
Dr. and Mrs. George Kramer Herzog
have removed from the Grand Hotel
to their apartments at the Montlcello,
1474 Sacramento street.
Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Bernstein an
nounce the barmitzvah of their son,
Sydney, at the Scharri Zedek Syna
gogue, corner Stockton and California
streets. December 12, at 9:30. A recep
tion was held yesterday at their resi
dence, 1415A Jackson street, from 2 to
5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Roy received
their friends on last Saturday from 2
to 5 o'clock at their residence. 674
Hayes street. In honor of the barmitz
vah of their son David.
Ray Levin leaves for New York on
Tuesday, December 15, to.be absent
two months.
Miss Minnte Steinhart of San Luis
*Oblspo is visiting her sister, Mrs. Abra
ham Hoffman, at 1720 Eddy street.
Miss Theresa Ehrman will leave for
Europe on December 20 to continue
her musical studies abroad. She will
be at home on Friday, December IS, to
receive her friends.
PERSONALS.
WEDDING.
Manuel Silvelra and Isabella Fernan
des, both of Marin County, were mar
ried in Sausalito on November 2d.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur B. Sanborn cele
brated their paper wedding at their
regular monthly "at home," on the
"first Sunday," the 6th inst. A com
edietta entitled "A Matrimonial Ad
vertisement," was charmingly rendered
by Mrs. Blanche Vouvlere and Ed
win Mchr. Professor D. Mansfield gave
a banjo solo and -Miss Henry recited "A
Gypsy Girl." At 'the supper which fol
lowed variously tinted wedding bells,
bearing the dates "1901-3" tied with
satin ribbon were presented as souve
nirs. Cards used in the game were also
kept.
A birthday party was given to Miss
Madlin Keller at her residence on Turk
street Monday evening, November 30,
by her many friends. The evening
was spent In dancing and dainty re-
A party was given to Miss Belle
Edlses last Wednesday at her resi
dence, 1129 Mission street, in honor of
her thirteenth birthday. Those pres
ent were: Maree Hyman, Hazel Down
ing, Sarah Simon, Eddie Edises, Dream
Raabe, Helen Springer, Bessie Cooper
and Belle Edises. The children spent
a delightful afternoon with games and
music, after which a dainty supper wns
eerved. The young hostess was present
ed with numerous gifts..
Mrs. Maurice B. Blake held an "at
home" !ast week in honor of her re
cently married daughter. Mrs. H. A.
Wiltse, who is a daughter of the late
well-known attorney of this city and
a niece of the late Judge Blake. Mr.
Wiltse is from New York, a graduate
of Cornell and a rising young man in
the mechanical engineering profession.
HOME PARTIES.
The engagement reception of Miss
CJara Meyer and Julius Baumgar
ten was held yesterday from 2 to 5 at
1210A Scott street: |
The engagement is announced of Miss
Cecelia M. Wilson of this city and
Isador Harris, son of Mr. and Mrs. I.
Harris of Vallejo. .
At a luncheon given by Mr. and Mrs.
Clemens Hohwiesner (nee Meinecke) at
their home in San Rafael a few days
ago, the engagement of their daughter
Miss Angellta Louise to Rex William
Sherer was announced.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Kalisky an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Rose "to J. Marshall Fletcher.
ENGAGE3IEXTS.
CAPTAIN DUXLEVY DENIES
THAT HE IS TO RETIRE
Prominent in a class of clubs repre
senting a broad and abiding interest
in things here below, and wherein spe
cial development differentiates it from
others, are the Spinners, Keramlc,
Pkftch. Twentieth Century and the gay
Papyrus, where wit aboundeth and
the story teller gTOweth apace.
Then we have a vast array of clubs
that "do things." and at the head
stands th* California. So big had it
jrrown, and so diversified its interests,
that it segregated itself into three de
partments — education, social science,
and civics — and these were ' subse
quently divided into fourteen sec
tions. Ar.d thus it became possible for
the smaller bodies to effect the remark- <
able work that to-day stands to the
credit of the club. To this class also
belongs the California Landmarks
Leag"ue, the Outdoor Art League, and
the Worthy Settlement Club, and a
few others that are working quietly.
And still another group remains,
mission is essentially to dispel
sorrow — it is needless to say they find
much to keep them busy. They com
prise the Doctor's Daughters, the aux
iliaries to the various hospitals, and,
last but not least, the blessed little
Alden Club, whose annals illustrate the
potency of little tokens and cheery
¦words to lift the burdens of the heavy
laden.
With all these vital things to talk
about, do you wonder that the knell
of the gossip has rung? Of course men,
The women's clubs have never before
been so busy as at the present hour.
"Busy at t\ hat?" asks the cynic. "Gath
vring gossip?" Deluded sir. could you
but drop into a few clubrooms on their
busy days you would be enlightened
upen that score — that is, if you be of
the type of man that light enlightens.
While it is true that a few "knockers"
are to be found in women's clubs, even
as in your own, you will find the cheer
ful "booster" largely predominating.
Nor are the reasons therefor hard to
run down. The desire for popularity
produceth many reformations, and
since the "booster" is better company—
infinitely more cheerful and agreeable —
it is •wiser as well as nobler to enlist
under the "boosters' " banner. Thus
is the club gossip quite an extinct ani
mal — and here's to her paEFing. May
£he rest in peace: And let us hope that
the society gossip may soon follow in
her winged flight. Since a goodly part
of "society" is connected with clubdom,
it is not a vain hope that the gossip
will some day be eliminated from the
smart set as a violator of the precepts
of '"good form."
But the reason of reasons— the pre
eminent cause of the passing of the
gossip — is the fact that the clubs, from
their different careers, offer so many in
teresting topics for thought and speech.
There is the literary cIud, wherein the
social feature figures prominently, such
M the Press. Laurel Hall. Irving, Con
temporary. Mills, Clionian, Wimsdau
sis. Corona. Century, Sorosis. Forum
and the Philomath. Then there are
those wherein the matter of birth
briugrs the club into being. These or
ganizations commingle historic interests
with social pleasures, and of these we
have the Colonial Dames, the Daugh
ters of the American Revolution, the
Pioneer Daughters, Daughters of the
Confederacy, and closely allied to them
are the Pioneer- Women, they who came
to California prior to '53, and the aux
iliary of Pioneer Women, composed of
the wives of pioneers, those hardy old
Argonauts who builded much better
than they knew.
GERMAXTA CLUB OBSERVES t
THIRTIETH AX.VI VERSARY
And thus are the club women busy —
busier than ever before, bringing com
fort and sunshine into the byways and
highways.
On December 30 the Social Science
Section of the California Club, pre
sided over by Mrs. Jacob Brandt, is
making active preparations for a
Christmas party for the inmates of
the City and County Hospital. There
are 400 unfortunates, ill, and, for the
most part, friendless. Somewhere,
lurking in the shadows of every hu
man heart, is a longing for the pleas
ures of Yuletide, with- its song and
jest and good cheer. To add Just a
little pleasure to the sufferers is what
the women of the social science sec
tion are planning to do. And therein
lies a deep, dark secret. A gramo
phone was borrowed to furnish music
and other diversions for the occasion,
but Mrs. Arthur " Cornwall, the bor
rowee, has Just informed the club that
the machine need not be returned,
that a dear man had given it out of
the goodness of his heart. And so.
after the ladies have gone, and the
usual lonesome silence hangs brooding
over the wards, the captured voice
may beguile the long,^ gray hours
away — the doctor willing, and the
nurse.
The Irving Club, though scarcely
out of its swaddling clothes, has had
a most remarkable career— for a baby.
Last year, under the presidency of its
founder, Mrs. Ella Seaton Tuttle, a
pabulum of lectures was administered,
upon which it thrived famously, and
no wonden, for Miss Fairbrother de
livered them. This year, under J.he
guidance of Mrs. Bauer, the Irving
has grown proportionately and cards
to its "days" are much appreciated.
The Forum Club will' gather round
the wassail bowl on the eve of the
New Year. Rtght merrily will ; the
members toast the coming year and
bid adieux to the cares that infest the
day.
At the reception of last week the
club achieved a Social triumph and
many stunning women stood in the
receiving party, at the head of which
was Mrs. Henry Payot.
* * . *
That -was a remarkable gathering
at Golden Gate Hall on Thursday
when the Pioneer Women held a re
ception in honor of the fiftieth anni
versary of their arrival in California.
Debonair old ' ladies, and sprightly
younger ones, curled and primped,
daintily bonneted and gowned, stood
In the receiving line, led by Mrs. Mc-
Intyre, the president, and it was a
far cry back to the days of '49, or even
to tamer '53, when these women in
the flush of vigorous womanhood
stepped out from a rowboat at Mont
gomery and Clay streets, or as glee
ful children scampered up the sandy
slopes to investigate the wilderness
they had traveled so far to find.
While a fine programme of the cus
tomary kind was thoroughly enjoyed,
it was the stories told by Mrs. Scoffy,
an aged member, that filled our hearts
with joy. Alas! Alas! What has be
come of the vitality, the endurance,
the gijiger of our pioneer mothers.
With the possession of luxuries our
necessities have increased propor
tionately, and with them our functions
have weakened.
and without which he cannot develop
Into a normal being. ,
Go up to the court, ladies, some Fri
day afternoon. You will find ample food
for thought, and perhaps for activity.
For there is more work ahead. ; >i '
This segregation of the juvenile of
fenders (and in many cases it's the
parents that are the true offenders)
from the criminal class was the monu
mental work of the California Club,
led by Dr. Dorothea Moore, and also
of men to whom the rights of children
make a strong appeal. A pioneer in this
cause was Fairfax Wheelan, who with
others, pressed hard wpon the con
sciences of the legislators of the last
stssion, and lo! the court came forth.
Among the necessities of a court is a
Judge, but as there was no salary at
tached to the judgeship the seekers
after it were not coming in bunches.
I In fact, none of the Superior Judges
I wanted the extra work without pay —
perhaps because it violated union prin
ciples — so Jud'ge Murasky bravely as
sumed the duties himself.
It is one of the emoluments of office
for the members of the California Club
to watch the career of this court, and it
Is one of the congratulations of the club
that the duties fell to Judge Murasky,
so gently and wisely is he guiding the
unfortunate children who are brought
before him in the ways they should go.
In his work he is greatly assisted by
Miss Linda Stebbins, the probation of
ficer, whose duties are to visit at the
homes of all the delinquents, get on
good terms with the little law-breakers
and learn if possible the causes of their
defections. If the causes lie In the
home, as they nearly always do. ar
rangements are made for a change of
domicile.
Drunkenness is the .basic cause and
nagging is a close second in the warp
ing of these young lives. And, strangest
of all, the developments in last Friday's
session, where about twenty-two little
tykes from 7 to 16 years were called to
the judicial elbow (for no ears may
hear what passes between his Honor
and his erstwhile ward), was the fact
that some of them came from good,
honest people of. toil. The solution of
one case revealed to me at least one
cause — It was the absence of love and
the glowing warmth of confidence and
caresses that children crave, even as
the flowers love the sunshine. A love
less home, where laughter is a stranger,
there the microbe of crime is propa
gated. Laughter ventilates the soul and
love purifies it, and the child hprn of
parents whose souls have withered and
whose natures have shut out all "non
sense" is, indeed, deprived of that
which God meant that he should have
All ye women — and men, too, if there
be any — who are heavy laden with
nothing — to do, and thus keep the
doctors busy finding names for your
ailments, betake yourselves, some Fri
day afternoon, out to the City Hall,
into the elevator and up to the second
floor to Department 2, Superior Court.
There you will find a panacea for your
pains— if your heart be big enough and
your brain clear enough to understand
—for here is where the girls and boys
who offend against the majesty of the
law axe brought before the bar of Jus
tice — girls and boys who, for some of
many reasons, have defied the laws
that rule within and without the home.
And here is produced, with a realism
that is real, the comedy and the trag
edy of childhood, with the tragedy
largely predominating.
This is the Juvenile court of late crea
tion, and when you pronounce'its name
pray voice it with a soft i, for Webster
shrieks when it rhymes with mile— a
sin of daily perpetration by its best
friends.
babies and servants, gowns, jewels and
bonnets will be talked about as long
as women are women, but the sting
in the tongue is passe^— in clubs.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The haste of Christmas shopping does
not seem to interfere with the. gayety
of the s'c-clal world. The streets are
thronged with the hurrying crowds,
and Christmas berries, holly and mis
tletoe are used in the homes almost
exclusively for decoration^ yet with all
these reminders the hostesses go on en
tertaining unmindful of the approach
ing Yuletide.
Birthday parties,; "at homes" and
dances are still the order of the day
and the winter season is at its height.
A very pleasant reception was given
to Mr. Brings at his home. SIS Guerrero
street, Monday evening. November 30.
The crowd presented a beautiful smok
ing set.
Among the guests were: Miss Mar
celle Hogan, Raymond Stone. Mls3
Alice Downes. Charles Avis, Roy Luce.
Miss Alice Brorsen, Will Potts, Hiss
Freda Brooks, James Cathcart, Miss
Trixie Putzman. Leslie Houdlette, Will
Hogan. Miss Aubrey Jones. Fred Lucas.
Bessie Henderson. Harrold Dixson. Ed
Stack. Miss Kitty Downes, Frank Da
vis, Miss Babe Lubbock. Pierre Van
Winkle. Miss Elenore Coll, Jack Hlck
ey. Miss Lottie Hucks. Roland Harris.
Miss Kate Stone. Walter Herger, Mi3S
Virginia Stack. Frank Pohl.
A very charming hollyberry party
was given recently by Miss Marcelle
Hogan at her home, 135 Capp street.
Holly berries formed the principal dec
orations, which were decidedly pretty.
After the gnests were assembled, all
participated in a "holly berry hunt."
which created much merriment. First
prizes were won by Miss Lottie Hucka
and Mr. Will Potts. Consolation prizes
were given to Miss Freda Brooks and
Mr. James Cathcart. After supper was
served the re?t of the evening was spent
in singing, dancing and games.
freshments were served. Those present
were: Miss Madlin Keller, H. Williams,
Miss Evelyn Greenlin. Miss Clara
Greenlin. Miss Lillie Scott, C. Johnson.
D. Her, G. Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. E. X.
Beard. Mr. and Mrs. Metzer. Mrs. M.
Nickles, Mrs. J. Keller, J. Keller Jr.
The thirteenth annual grand prize
masquerade ball of the Chevra Shaare
Refovah was held last evening, Decem
ber 13, at Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy street
Good music was provided and the af
fair was well attended.
Mrs. Ella Craig entertained the mem
bers of the Le Deuze Whist Club at
her home, 3571 Seventeenth street, on
Thursday evening last, and the charm
ing hostess did everything possible to
make it a pleasant affair. Progressive
whist was the game. At 10:*30 o'clock
all repaired to the dining-room, where
a dainty supper was served. William
Kells and Miss Norma Dagenaiss car
ried off the first prizes of the season,
scoring the highest number of points.
Dancing and songs followed the sup
per, Mrs. Craig officiating at the piano.
The next meeting will be held at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Smith, 920 Elev
enth-avenue.
"Serenata"; characteristic, "Laughing
Water" (Hager).
Herbert Spencer's contributions to
biological science were many and of
the highest order. Mr. Darwin speaks
of the wonderful prodigality of sug
gestion exhibited in Spencer's "Princi
ples of Biology." In his "Factors of
Organic Evolution" and in his contro
versy with Professor Weismann Mr.
Spencer demonstrated the inadequacy
of the principle of "natural selection"
as the sole cause of organic evolution,
and showed the part played by other
important factors ce-operating with it.
His theory v of physiological (or consti
tutional) units the late Grant Allen, a
naturalist of distinction, characterized
as a "magnificent all sided conception
built up by an acute and subtle analyt
ical perception of all the analogous
facts in universal nature." His theory
of the origin of the vertebrate struc
ture has now been largely accepted by
biologists, and he also contributed a.
valuable, speculation concerning the
genesis of the annulose type of ani
mals. As an incident to his controvery
with Weismann upon the relative im
portance of the several factors of or
ganic evolution, he solved the difficult
problem of the evolution of the social
hymenoptera, a problem which, as Mr.
Darwin : himself confessed, seemed to
Probably Mr. Spencer's greatest
achievement in special work was the
production, at the early age of 35, of
his "Principles of Psychology." That
profound and. original treatise, pub
lished in 1855, four years before the
appearance of Mr. Darwin's "Origin of
Species" ; and afterward incorporated
in the "Synthetic Philosophy," as
sumed as the basis of its deductions
the' truth of the "development hypo
thesis," which, three years before, Mr.
Spencer had championed in an essay
in which he set forth the argument
in favor of organic evolution with re
markable force and clearness. Space
does not permit the enumeration of
the ready solutions furnished by Mr.
Spencer in his "Principles of Psychol
ogy" of many theretofore insoluble
problems. "Without"" special training
for the undertaking, with scant knowl
edge of the writings of the recognized
masters in metaphysical discussion,
the young philosopher, by the sole aid
of his luminous intellect, penetrated
the . mist of obscurity involving the
operations of the mind and traced
them from their genesis upward along
the various branches of their evolu
tion. He put an end at once and for
ever to the war which had been waged
for a thousand years between the in
tuitionists and those who contended
that all knowledge was derived from
experience by pointing out that the so
called innate ideas were, while a priori
to the individual, a posteriori to the
race. He easily exposed the fallacies
of both the realists and idealists, and
taking a moiety of truth from each he
constructed his own profound theory
of "transfigured realism." which com
pletely harmonized the facts.
AS A BIOLOGIST.
This law was first revealed to Her
bert Spencer, and he also was the first
to perceive its universal' operation. He
has shown- that the transformations
induced by the law of evolution are ex
hibited in the universe as a whole, in
its details in the planetary system. An
the earth as an inorganic mass, in each
organism, in the aggregate of or
ganisms throughout geologic time, in
the mind, in society and in all the pro
ducts of social activity. This splendid
conception the great thinker sustained
by a wonderful- wealth of illustration
drawn from phenomena ranging, from a
microscopic speck of protoplasm to
measureless nebulae, swirling' through
space. The credit ;' of : this wohierful
discovery is wholly due to Mr: Spencer,
and the current bestowal of "it upon
Charles Darwin is' an enormous and
unpardonable error. Nor did that dis
tinguished naturalist ever make the
slightest claim to the unearned honor
which a provoking perversity thrust
upon him. Indeed, he expressly admit
ted in a letter written to Professor
John Fiske in 1874 that "with the ex
ception of special points" he "did not
even understand H. Spencer's general
doctrine."
GREATEST ACHIEVEMENT.
. It is impossible in a brief space to set
forth adequately the achievements of
Herbert Spencer in the intellectual
world.' A fairly clear statement, how
ever, of the most noteworthy of these
may .be, attempted. His greatest
achievement was. of course, the discov
ery and exposition of the principle of
evolution. Others had perceived the op
eration and results of this principle in
special fields— Kant and Laplace in the
sidereal system . and Erasmus and
Charles Darwin and Lamarck in the
biological world; but their discoveries,
profound and Important as they were,
failed to disclose to them the funda
mental law to which the subjects, of
their investigations conformed. .
BY L. A. ItEDMAX.
Shopping and Other Duties of Christmas Time No Bar
to Hospitality, and Week Sees Many Happy
Gatherings in City Homes.
Many Organizations Are Actively Engaged in the Work
of Furthering City's Interests, Relieving the
Distressed and Promoting Gayety.
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO GENIUS OF
DEAD SCIENTIST
SEASON DRAWS HEAVILM ON RESOURCES OF CLUB WOMEN
SOCIAL WHIRL NOT STAYED BY APPROACHING HOLIDAYS
THE SAX FRAN. ISCO CALL. .MONDAY DECEMBER 14/1903.
Able D. Makepeace, the cranberry king
of Cape Cod, the largest individual grow
er In -th« world, estimates* this" year's
crop as .slightly smaller; than that •; of
last year,, A year ago his vines produced
U (ion harrclK. 83BBtf*"C"'v(-; J * r 'V
¦ John Kelly was arrested early yes
terday ' morning by \PolIceman Hin
richs and booked at the City prison
on a charge of grand larceny. James
Sample of . 686 Howard street was
counting his money at Howard arid
Third streets, about 3 o'clock,' when
Kelly tgrabbed it out of his hand and
ran. Sample gave an alarm and: Hln
richs chased and captured Kelly, at
New Montgomery street. When, Kelly
was searched S3 25 was, found in his
pocket, which Sample said was the
amount taken out of his hand,: and it.
was booked as evidence against Kelly.
Money Snatcher Arrested.
The police were notified yesterday
that on Saturday afternoon a tall,
well-dressed young man called at the
residence of Julius Finck, 1621 Du
pont street, and told the servant girl
that he had a package for Finck on
which J2 50 had to be paid. The
pirl gave him the money and received
the package, which was found to be
an empty cigar box.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fl^M-M"!"!-!..!": ¦:'!' Ill' H-I-M-l-I-f
THE CHRISTMAS CALL, J
A NUMBER OF SURPASS- ±
ING ATTRACTIVENESS, t
WILL BE ISSUED NEXT t
SUNDAY, DECEM-; ±
BER 20. |
Place Your Orders Now £
''. ¦ ¦ • ~~. ~~~ ¦ t
The most distinguished and T
sumptuous paper of the Yuletide. T
Its brilliant paares contain contri- T
butions from many leadinsr writers 3.
of the S day. and * the strikingly • J.
characteristic work of. Its staff 3.
contributors Trill make It a truly . .
' delijrhtf ul and •- inter estintr I paper. . .
With this issue will be present- ..
ed, absolutely free •' of charre, iL
¦" "Decorating for the Party,", that --
charminjr picture by Bryson. "Dec- ..
cratiaur for the Party" .- is another
of the . popular Gold , Series, , and, —
* like *. its companion pieces, '* "Se- •*•
dorah," "Admiration" and • VAt the •*•
' Opera," will adorn .".the walls of • •
many of the homes of the Great —
'" Newsdealer* and asrents will do .*; *
well to order early, as the supply y
?v ts 'limited. :: .j. , ;. ; .- • •":.'.¦• T
I Orizaba 1
1 5 O cents Pound M
jiff We are «sole'a<jent,s. |i
| KONA KOFFEE KOMPANY i
j 1 45 Stockton St- ne<sr Gentry ||
j Opy C ily. of fvis try Good* Co. Ll
I | Phone 5u5h 5IO -^ | j
Christmas « the Booklovers
A good book is a comforting kind of Christmas
present; and a good book which you can ex- <
change for another good book as often as you %v
like keeps the pleasure of the gift revolving from *-" '
week to week. We shall take care of your order in ? .
a pleasing way. Here are a few of our special *
Christmas offers: _ ,J
VI .50. A new Tabard inn book exhangeable forever.. --, ¦
5.00. Booklovers Membership (one year) also Booklovers Magazine (one ¦
year). i ¦
5.75. Booklovers Membership and two Magazines: Booklovers and Book-
; • man.
6.35. Booklovers Membership and three Majsrazines: two above and Cos- »
mopolitan. ' ' .
Magazines may be sent to different »ddr«sses. VC»H or **&& for 'circulars. 3
San Francisco Library: 240 StocKton St.
. Ust of Suburban Branches Upon Application. tChampagne Dance.
ADIEU— AU REVOIR— Reader, City.
Those who speak the French language
correctly do not use "adieu" and "au
revoir" synonymously, but do so with a
full understanding of. the meaning of
the two phrases.. When French people
part In the expectation of meeting again
soon they say "Au revoir." which lit
erally translated means "hope to see
you again." but when they part for a
long period, as tor Instance, going on a
Journey, they say "Adieu." corrupted
into one word from "a Dieu," Vto God."
In the latter case the persons knowing
the uncertainty of life, and having no
assurance of ever meeting again, com
mend each other to the Almighty..
Strong Hoarhocnd Candy. Townsepd'a.*
It is time to express Townsend*s Glace
Fruits East for Christmas now. •
Townsend's California glace fruit* and
candles. 50c a pour.d. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. *
Special .Information supplied daily t»
business houses and public xn«n by - tb«
Press Clipping Bnreaa (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main UK2. ¦ ,
Buckhorn military brush sets, sharing
mirrors, letter cases, billbooks. travellaj
sets.' dres"s .suit ' cases and grips n»*v ff
good . presents for men. AH at right
prices.' Sanborn. Van & Col* - - *^
THE Stockton Independent editorially arrays facts
relative to the transformation of Stanislaus County
through irrigation that must' be interesting to\the
people of the State at large. It says: "The' transforma
tion effected by the introduction of irrigating canals into
sections that have been devoted exclusively to grain
farming is well illustrated -by Stanislaus County, where
a boom is on that is amazing not only to old residents
of the county."
Among the^ particular facts cited by the Independent in
support of its assertion are several relating to recent
Sales of realty, and these probably afford a safe way for
forming a judgment as to the appreciation in which Stan
islaus County lands are now held.
"Yesterday," says the Independent, ¦ "the Modesto
papers recorded the sale of a tract of land near Ceres, at
$150 an acre, the purchaser being a newcomer from one
of the Middle Western States. Many sales are recorded
every day and most of, the transactions are for small par
cels of land,, from ten to fifty, acres eachi at- prices. from
$40 to $100 per acre, according to location and the im
provements made' with irrigation"- in' view. A few years
ago any of the Stanislaus lands'-that now bring from -$40
to $100 per acre could be bought ,in any desired quanti
ties at $20 per acre and large ranches could be bought
for $to to $i5 : peracre." 1 - - ; : ;V; v .'
Concerning the purchasers . of Stanislaus County lands
TRANSFORMATION/OF STANISLAUS.
BEER— Subscriber. Berkeley, Cal.
There is no record of the first brewed
beer, but ale ./as known as a beverage
as far back as 404 B. C. Herodotus as
cribes the brewing of "barley-wine" to
Isls. the wife of Osiris, and a beverage
of this .kind Is mentioned by Xenophon.
401 B. C. "Lager" beer derives its
name from the fact that It is beer that
has been -placed in a depot for some
time before being used as a beverase.
CITY OF CHESTER— T. G.. City.
The steamer City of Chester was run
into by. the steamer Oceanic in the bay
of San Francisco during a dense fog
August 22, 18S3, and was sunk. Thir
teen lives were lost.
ELECTIONS — C E. C, Nbvato, Cal.
The total vote for Governor in Massa
chusetts, Iowa and Ohio at the election
November 3, 1903, had not been an
nounced officially up to date of your
letter of inquiry.
DOUBTJ r ESS a good many people will remember
the pretty joke undertaken by%6mc festive voters
in the good town of Amesville; in the State of
Ohio, When .they nominated, last spring, a tramp for
Mayor on an independent ticket as a means of having
fun on election day. It will be recalled that the people
of the town thought the joke so good that a clear ma
jority of thcrn^ voted for the tramp, and were horrified
next mqrning to find out that, they had elected him.'}-' An
appeal was made to the Governor to remove him, but
the Governor refused, on the ground that he had no
sufficient cause for such action, so Amesville has been
getting along as best she can with the genial tramp,
who came to town to ask for a free lunch and was given
the Mayoralty as a handout.
After the first announcement of the joke and its con
sequences, the country* at large ceased to take interest in
the affair and left Amesville and its Mayor alone to get
along as best they couid. It appears now that they have
been having a -frolicsome time. A report from Canton
announces that the "joke Mayor," as he is called, was
recently arrested in that city on a charge, of intoxication
and. sent to jail because he had no money to pay a fine
of $1 and costs. The report .added that his Honor ex
plained his presence and his hilarity, in" Canton by say
ing' he "is taking a slight vacation from his arduous
official, duties." .
"Evidently the joke of theimerry men of Amesville
has^ turned out to be something in the nature of a con
tinuous performance. Between the .day when he entered
upon his arduous official- duties. in Amesville and the day
when he was arrested for trying to paint Canton : red, he
has doubtless had a high bldtime and contributed. much
of gayety to the annals of that section of Ohio? His
chief work, however, has been that of furnishing, the
American voter with a^good object lesson on the folly
of playing monkey tricks with politics. No other city
has' ever made. quite so ridiculous a showing as Ames
ville has made-in- this case, but some have fallen not far
short of it., and if the average voter will now give serious
consideration to the results of the folly of the Amesville
men, there will be better municipal officers" in" a good
many; cities^ hereafter. . *
' The Public Ledger of Philadelphia
prints a story to the effect that the
chance finding of a well-laden persim
mon tree by three Reading Nimrods
was eventually responsible for a forced
abandonment of a long-anticipated
hunting trip and the fagging of a pack
of valuable dogs until, even a day later,
they were unfit for further effort
The huntsmen were Letter Carriers
Charles B. Dutt and David Evans and
Charles Rltter, a Reading business man.
Each ate heartily of the psi Simmons
and' presently, when time came to re
new the chase, not one could whistle
a note. They called all their lung pow
er Into play and exerted, all told, 1 ffort
that would have made the wildest
spasm of the calliope sound like the
benumbed chirp of "a half-frozen
cricket.
They blew, singly and together, forte,
mezzoforte. fortissimo-. The dog3 had
threshed about impatiently while the
lip-pursing feast went on, getting far
ther and farther away, until, when the
hunters finally decided to renew their
quest for game, there was not a dog in
sight.
Again and again the pursed lips were
purposely puckered and as often the
echoes, answered nothing. Wearied
finally, the trio started homeward, leav
ing the dogs afield. Hours later the
pack straggled to their kennels, as
weary and pathetically mystified a
quartet of canines as ever starter a
bird.
Now, really, can that be so?
GRANT— Subscriber, City. General
U. S. Grant, while making a tour~w#
the world, arrived In San Francisco
September 20, 1ST9.
From Out of the East.
A CONTINUOUS JOKE.
FIRST CLASS CRUISERS— E. H.
W.. City. The Terrible of the British
navy Is a first class cruiser, not a bat
tleship.
Four thousand telephone comp'auics, operating with a
capital of. $200,000,000 in eleven cities of the Middle
West, have been incorporated into one gigantic combina
tion. In the face of this alarming^array of money who
will have the temerity now to say that talk is cheap?i '
OKLAHOMA— M. B.. City. Okla
homa is an Indian came -and means
"beautiful land."
THE LOVE CHASE— "The Love
Chase" was written by Sheridan
Knowles.
'Answers to Queries.
France. In . 1901. produced 1,523,233,200
gallons of wine, while this country pro
duced 29,500,000 gallons. But California
alone has a grape and wine producing
area almost equal to the whole of
FrancdJ so that some Idea can be
formed of the great possibilities of this
important Industry. — National Geo
graphic Magazine.
The amount of wine made In the
United States is, however, very small
compared to that produced in the coun
tries of Europe. Even Turkey, whose
Mohammedan population drinks very
little wine, produces nearly twice as
much wine as the United States.
The cultivation of grapes for the mar
ket, for raisins and to make wine has
become an important business of the
United States during recent years. Two
hundred million dollars of capital are
invested in this and dependent indus
tries. California supplies the people of
the country with practically all the rai
sins they eat, 190,000,000 pounds, and
the same State, with Xew York and
Ohio, produces annually 24,000,000 gal
lons of wine. The annual, grape crop,
before any. of the grape3 are changed
to wine or raisins, reaches $15,000,000 in
value and nearly 750.000 tons in weight.
The fatal issue of a recent French
duel causes discussion of what the Pa
risian fencers call the "Coup de Mon
serrat," The history of this stroke is
romantic. The hero of -the story was
a young Parisian musician "engaged to
be. married to- a young lady of Bor
deaux. Quarreling: with a cousin of
his fiancee, he got his ears boxed at
the Bordeaux Club. Ignorant of fenc
ing, he dared not resent the insult, and
renounced his engagement. But he
also took fencing lessons . from one
Monserrat, a rnaitre d'armes of Tou
louse. Mooserrat. taught him one trick
only, , and .he practiced- It for a year.
At. the end of that time he returned to
the Bordeaux Club, slapped his man's
face, and being called out, | instantly
ran his opponent through the body with
his cunning lunge.— New York Tribune.
The Grape Market.
Deadly Perseverance.
"The decline in the value: of livestock of. the nation
during the past eighteen months because of the manipu
lation of prices by powerful combinations in the Eastern
"markets and other causes amounts to more than $750,
coo,ooo.' This with the other matters mentioned have
tended to discourage somewhat the stockman. These
conditions should, however, b'e the incentive for every
dne -"engaged in the industry, to attend this convention
and assist in devising methods to rectify permanently
these evils." He* further says that the only remedy is
for the stockmen to combine and provide competition by
building independent packing plants and encouraging
new markets^ Should the delegates determine to fight
fire with fire it critical period in the meat market, of the
country will necessarily ensue and the action of the con
ventions in! this matter, will therefore be watched with
more than passing interest. : . . . '
- /Both, the stock and sheep men will raise an issue upon
the question of forest reserves and their control by the
Department of the Interior. Though mutually antago
nistic upon the disputed right of sheep men to pasturage
upon the Government reservations/ the two bodies arc
united' in opposition to the prohibition of grazing upon
Government land which is not actually a part of forest
clad watersheds. An attempt will be made to memorial
ize Congress upon the necessity of creating a commission
to examine all reserves and eliminate from them all non
forest lands. " . -
. Further it will be urged upon Congresr by resolutions
of the two bodies that . legislation should be enacted
which will compel the movement of stock trains to main
tain a minimum rate of speed of twenty miles an hour.
With this recommendation is projected another request
ing that a right of way of such trails over those bearing
dead freight be enforced.
GALLS have been issued by the National Livestock
Association and "the: National Wool 'Growers'
• Association for their respective, annual conven
tions to be held simultaneously in Portland, Or., com
mencing upon the nth of January. That the doings of
the two bodies of producers will be of momentous inter
est to the wool growing and livestock interests of the
country is .evidenced by the questions which are sched
uled for discussion:
It is evident from the tone ofthe summons sent forth
to delegates that combination among-, the producers
against the. meat and wool trusts will, bo' the absorbing
question of debate. Secretary ..Charles F. Martin of the
Livestock Association thus sets forth the need for con
certed action upon this point on the part of the stock
men: • ..•¦• .
"You want something funny from the
musician's point of view?" said Louis
Homeier, leader at a~* local thea
ter. "W^hy, musicians never Joke — but
— well, let's see^ — yes, something hap
pened once when I was leader of the
old Baldwin Theater that you might
think funny. I didn't, though. I was
fond of hunting in those days and, hav
ing arranged one Saturday to go to
the Llvermore hills, I tied my brace of
deer hounds under the % stage until I
could finish the matinee. After the
show I donned my hunting suit, led the
dogs out and started down Market
street. It was a bright, sunshiny aft
ernoon and before long I noticed the
passersby all seemed in rare good hu
mor and that' their approving smiles
seemed coming my way. I was inno
cent of any special effort to please and
didn't understand.
"As I progressed, however, the fun
seemed to grow. » Finally a friend
stenned up and said: *Loui3, it's very
artistic I know, but rather sensational
and you shouldn't do it.' I said: 'Say,
what's the matter with you, anyway?'
He pointed to the~ dogs. And, heavens!
If the scene painter hadn't applied a
coat of bright gilt to the hind quarters
of both dogs and the afternoon sun
shining thereupon had made the pic
ture that had merited so much ap
proval. Well, I didn't care for innova
tions in dog styles, so left them in the
first saloon, to be removed under the
charitable cover of night." i
Gilded the Deer Hounds.
STOCK AND WOOL PRODUCERS.
For two houra the lost party wan
dered from gallery to ga.Uary befor»
they at last found an outlet. The la
dies were very much frightened and
even the men say that the experience
was not a pleasant one. — London
Standard.
A group of tourists, including sev-ral
English and German visitors to Paris,
have Just had an unpleasant experience
in the historic catacombs which under*,
mine the older portions of the city. The
party had, us usual, entered the cata
combs by the Rue Denfert-Rochereau,
and in single file were proceeding, un
der the leadership of a guide, through
a narrow gallery which runs toward
the Montsouris Plain.
They had been walking for about a
quarter of- an hour when an English
gentleman, In the middle of the Long
Indian file, stopped to examine son
human remains and th» inscriptions.
This halt divided the party Into two,
and when the Englishman had eon
eluded his examination the latter por
tion started on at a trot to Join the
leaders. But in doing so they took a
wrong turning, and only after they had
gone s*ome distance did they discover
their error. The first portion of th«s
little expedition was by this time far
away, ani neither the guide nor its
members appeared to have taken any
notice of the a^ence of the remainder
of the party, though the guides have
orders to count tlie number of pemins
who go down_fnto the catacombs and
the number who come out.
Lost in the Catacombs.
. Having silenced its crowing roosters Alameda now
wants. to get rid of her cats, dogs and rabbits. If this
sort of thin;: continues only the trumpet, of reform will
be heard in her streets and even this will be* a nuisance
for want of a subject.
It was a new sort of drinking vessel,
but, anyhow, he promptly filled the
trumpet with champagne.
What such women need is to be
brought rac« to face with the moral
depravity of shrewishness. Poor
things! They are often sick and nerv
ous. Those natures are as delicately
tuned as Apollo's lyre. The lktle dis
cords of daily life produce agony.
Trifles *re exaggerated into enormities!
It's hard. We lay our pity at their
feet. But Btill— they too are endowed
with personal responsibility and with a
free will. They have no right to be
borne wreckers and heart breakers,
even if they are women. They have
consciences — let their husbands , appeal
to that sublime tribunal. Let such
husbands be as calm and as Just, but
as ctern and exacting as God himself.
Many a woman who is now in some
What must a man do. then? Resist
it. Stand firm and flat-footed against
it. Tell his wife he will not have it
Warn her that she .will rum her owji
soul and his and perhaps break up the
home. Thin is not a matter to be
minced! It is not a vice to be excused
or condoned, being every bit as serious
es drunkenness. A common "scold" is
not a whit more respectable than an
inebriate. Termagants do not reel and
fall down in a stupor. They do not
emash furniture and pawn their Jewel
ry for whiskey. But they do fill the
cups of their husbands and their chil
dren with bitterness. They quench all
domestic Joy. They throw a continual
shadow over th*> household. And the
ehrew ought to know it. There is no
real obligation on a gentleman to per
mit his life and his home to be ruined
from a sense of chivalry. His wife
is a woman, but she is also a moral
agent and accountable for her conduct.
There are. however, men who possess
qualifications for delivering women
from the influences of this devil of fret
fulness and fault-finding, and it is their
duty to exercise their powers, not only
for their own sakes. but for their
rives'. For the finer nature* of such
women are as sure to go to pieces un
der th*» evil influences of tni3 pernic
ious habit as are those of their hus
bands.
This, however, is but a slender hope.
The disease is too deeply seated for su
perficial treatment and requires heroic
measures. Nothing but the exercise
of masculine authority backed by the
highest kind of moral power will work a
lasting cure, and it is because husbands
hesitate to resort to this extreme meas
ure that so many homes are wrecked
by Ehrews.
Most men are utterly dispirited by a
ehrew's ceaseless outcry against life.
A few experiments convince them of
the incalculable force of this unhappy
disposition, and they give it up as a
bad Job and fly to the saloon for conso
lation. Still other men are too cour
teous to oppose and struggle with a wo
man. There is in every true sent!eman
an instinctive deference for her sex and
tolerance . for her little weaknesses.
Nothing: is more offensive than his su
perior strength and will. And nothing
is more dangerous. The moment peo
ple lose self-control they resort to vio
lence. Tfctre is but a step, between
resistance and wife-beating. An in
stinctive fear that a blow will be the
consequence of a brawl has kept many
a man quiet and patient until he found
rest in th? grave. For all men who do
cot possess the highest typ« of moral
power and the most perfect self-con
trol there is no safe way but silence
and non-resistance.
There is a congenital tendency ' in
some women to nag and fret and fuss.
God help them! They are '^s much to
be pitied as blamed. In dealing with
them the ftrst experiment should b?
made with — silence. It is not *oo raurh
to pay that the very existence of any
home is imperiled by the presence of a
shrew, for the disposition to fume and
ecold is certain to increase with the
passing years and the prowing*burdens
of life. And no matter hov.- patient a
man may be. continuous dropping
wears away a stone. The quietest and
most placid tamper is liable to explode |
under the incessant strain of a vixen's
fault finding, and as "back talk" is
eur< to provoke a quarrel, the husband
of a shrew must learn to hold his peace.
It is not enough, however, simply to
be still, for a woman wno is the? victim
r>i this loathsome infirmity will talk as
long as any one will listen. But there
is a psychological law in which '
there lies some hope. She Will not j
talk to herself. It is among the
bare possibilities of life that if she see3
her husband clap on his hat every time
the opens her batteries, she m*y learn
to keep still for fear of being U-tt alone.
Thero is only one possible discovery
more terrible than a man's finding that
the girl he marries for her quiet gen
tleness is in reality a termagant. "It
is better to dwell in a desert land than
vith a cor tent Jous and fretful woman."
"What is a man to do who finds out
that his wife is a vixen? The ducking
Ftool is out of fashion ana the Jail
yawn? for a wife beater. Is the case a
hopeless one and must be settle
down to let that tongue was on for
ever? It Is a serious question, and be
cause there are so many men whose
lives are a torture on account of :heir
fretful, complaining wives, it Is out of
place to Joke.
«or.." •Tlic Loom of lite." Etc.]
(Copyright. 1!WS. hy Joseph B. Bowje».)
BT CHARLES FREDERIC C.OS5. D. D.
(Author of ••Th«» rtodMrptlon of David Cor-
A Word to the Married.
In the manufacture of glucose chem
ists found -a. large source of revenue go
ing to waste, so „ they trapped it, and
now corn oil, the oil from the
germ in a grain of corn, is extracted
and millions of dollars' worth are used
in the arts . ev^ry year. . Coke ovens,
sugar refineries,, blast furnaces, the
dairy business, mining, the cotton seed
oil Industry, whisky distilleries, glass
works, potteries, : steel '. mills, tanneries
and city garbage dumps have been in
vaded, by ,the industrial chemist, and
every month" he" turns loose" some pro
cess which .utilizes" tome; wasted prod
uct to the glory of his profession, and
the large profit of his employer. '
Time was, and not so very long ago,
when coal tar was regarded pretty
much as a waste product. But the in
quisitive industrial chemist began pickl
ing it to pieces, and now the most beau,
tiful ana line dyes are produced from tne
once despised coal tar, and numerous
valuable drugs result from its distil
lation and chemical treatment. Antl
pyrlne, antifebrin, acetan&Iid, phenace
tine and saccharin, which is 280 tim?s
sweeter: than sugar; sulpho'nal. which
puts nervous people .to sleep, are some
coal tar drugs, and benzine, benzol,
creosote oil, . naphthalene, .lampblack
and innumerable colors and dyes are
produced from the residuum called coal
tar.
Industrial chemistry applied to the
petroleum Industry fairly revolution
ized the manufacture of oils. The
Standard Oil Company may be the
mother of trusts, but It has done more
to develop and encourage industrial
chemistry probably than any other ccn
cern or institution on the face of the
earth. Originally crude oil was refined
to obtain kerosene for illuminating pur
poses. The waste was enormous. To
day the by-products in the manufac
ture of kerosene are more valuable than
the principal product. By various
processes of distillation and the addi
tion of acids and alkalis, crude oil is
split up into gasoline, naphtha of va
rious grades, kerosene, lubricating oil,
paraffin, vaseline, cosmoline and scores
of other .preparations and carbons for
arc lights. .It is when. 6ne remember j
that but a few short years ago every
one of these products except kerosene
was wasted, that one appreciates the
importance of the expert chemist in the
industrial field.
For years glycerin, now used in im
mense quantities, was a wasted pro
duct. Soap makers and, in fact, every
manufacturer who uses fatty -oili?. for
merly sent the waste adrift in conven
ient streams. But now the waste from
fatty oils is treated with alkalis, the
glycerin is collected by evaporation
and distillation and great quantities
of it are used in making useful explo
sives.
There is a great sewer which carries
the water from the Chicago stock yards
to the Chief go River. Xot m.iny
years ago tMs water was bubbling
with the pases of decomposition;
thick with' floating grease and rot
ten refuse. / Now the water is about
the color of very weak beef tea, and
bs harmless. That is because the in
dustrial chemist has discovered and de
veloped methods which have made the
waste by-products, and what was once
cast into the Fewer is now carefully col
lected to later become finished prod
ucts of great value and large import
ance.
Take the one item of blood. Thou
pands of tens of fertilizers are made
every year from the red gore, which
Bives local color to up-to-date packing
houses. The produced fertilizers are
chiefly valuable for the large amount
of nitrogen which they contain, and
nitrogen is one of the most necessary
parts of plant food. .Fertilizers made
at a big packing house from blood and
ground bone are shipped to all parts
cf the world.
No part of an animal killed on a
slaughter floor of a modern packing
house is lost or wasted. Formerly the
caul fats went into the cheap tallow
products. Now they are utilized for
the manufacture of oleomargarine oil,
the chief component part of butterlne
or oleomargarine. The intestines are
made into sausage covers. Pepsin is
a modern product which the industrial
chemist gets from the stomach and gall
is. used by printers, painters and dyers.
The blood goes into fertilizers, much of
it is .used in sugar refineries to clarify
the syrup, and imitation tortoise shell,
buttons and other' articles ' are made
from a preparation which has hydraulic
pressed blood as its principal constitu
ent. ' The common fats, unfit for mak
ing oleomargarine oil, are rendered into
tallow; the hide is sent to the tanner;
the bladders and weaeands are used for
packing snuff and putty in and for
scores of other things; horns, blade
bones and shin bones are made into
buttons, combs, knife handles, etc.;
hoofs, hide trimming*, sinew*, knuckles
and other scraps are made into glue,
and all oflfal not otherwise used is con
verted into fertilizers.
There was a time when every slaugh
ter house and packing establishment
was a public nuisance and a breeder of
disease and 'foul odors. This was be
cause the grease, offals" and all the
cast-outs /which went under the gen
eral head of "waste" products were ac
tually \va6ted. " To-day. ." the, word
"waste" is practically wiped off the
slate of packing house vocabulary. The
old joke that a Chicago packing house
uses every part of a pig except its
squeal and'is canning squeals for grand
Juries is a concise statement of the real
conditions in such establishments.
Chemical experiments with waste
products have made millionaires of
many men. The industrial chemist is
the wealth producer of the industrial
world. By transforming waste prod
ucts Into by-products he not only has
added millions to the revenues of man
ufacturers and miners, but has brought
down luxuries to the hard pan of daiiy
necessities. -'»' v
¦ - • Cr»ft«."] .
(Copyright. 1903. by Jooepb B. Bowles.)
BY MALCOLM McDOWELI*
[Author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of the
Riches Out of Waste.
TRADE seems f*o be about on a normal plane at
present. There is no depression of any conse
quence, nor is there any particular activity in any
line. In other words the situation is about as usual just
before the holidays, when tlje wholesale trade is about
to take stock and therefore quiet, and the retailers arid
jobbers arc doing most of the business. No activity need
be expected until along in the middle of January and in
some years it does not appear, untiltlicist of February.
It is worthy of remark that the feeling of apprehension,
not to say despondency, which crept over the. country
during the early fall months has passed away. The enor
mous'liquidation in Wall street has ceased; and with it
the depression which! is apt to accompany a~ sharp decline
in stocks. Trade reports now corning in show a better
state of affairs than was expected several weeks ago. A
mercantile agency- has just sent out broadcast. a ,set of
questions to the more important lines as to the condition
of their trade in comparison with 1902, and the returns
are satisfactory. New England reports a gain of from
10 to 15 per cent in boots and. shoes, cottons andrubber,
with the outlook in lumber and woolens problematical.
The lumber sales are 25 per cent less than in 1902, but the
situation in wool is improving. The Southwest reports
a general increase of 10 to 12 per cent, but the, Northwest
reports a decrease of about 5 per ctnt. In the Southern
States the conditions are favorable and^ the recent sharp
advance in cotton has made business lively in that impor
tant section of the country. The dry! goods market at
New York is reported in* an unsatisfactory condition.
The Pacific Coast sends in excellent reports, with export
and local business up to the average of this time of the
year. ;^.f ¦,.-¦,;. ¦--. '.:; ;Yi:!. /V'^-V-
Against this good exhibit, however, the^re are. some
lines which are not quaking a good showing. The rail
road earnings are no<5 keeping" up to their previous. gains
and money is returning to New York from the West
more slowly than expected. This is not serious,- how
ever, for funds- are 7nuch more plentiful and accessible
than anticipated some months ago, and even if the return
movement is delayed;some weeks no particular derange
ment will result as £ar as present indications go. - :
The best three barometers to trade are now making
an improved showing- The bank clearings have at last
got over to the right side of the book and last week
were 4.2 per cent larger than during the corresponding
week in 1902. It ha : s been some time since 'these ' ex
j changes showed a gain over the preceding year. -~\\Condi
tions in the iron trade are better, as orders, though still
small, seem to be increasing and there is much-less de
pression in prices. Some recognized authorities in this
line say that the bottom has been reached and that hence
forth any change in conditions will probably be for the
better. Time will tell. It is said that the current quar
ter is making a poor showing. The provision trade is
looking up at Chicago, where the cash demand is. reported
fine, and though the packers are trying to force down
prices for cured meats they are accumulating' stock -in
their cellars, the supposition being that they expect to
sell out these holdings at higher prices later on. If the
exhibit of these three barometers be accepted as good
indicators of the condition of trade then general business
is on a better basis than for several months past.. "Though
still lower prices are expected all along the line, as pro
duction is steadily overtaking consumption, it is thought
that the recession will continue to be gradual. If this
proves true then no serious effects will accompany the
decline in prices. • /
A gratifying feature of the general situation is the ex
cellent condition of the farmers. They seem to be finan
cially strong all over the land. Large crops and good
prices for several years have placed them as a class upon
their feet and they are prepared to hold on to their
produce until they obtain satisfactory prices for it. The
cotton planter of the South is on velvet. The wheat
planter of the West and Northwest is getting a good
price for his grain and the fruit and grain growers of the
Pacific Coast have done well for several seasons. As
for diversified farming it is paying excellent dividends
everywhere. Hops, hides, wool, dairy produce and the
j hundreds of minor products are. bringing good returns,
and wherever we look we find the agriculturist doing
I well. Perhaps it is this condition that imparts renewed
.'confidence to the business situation, for as long as the
farmer prospers the rest of the country' will not be visited
by any N serious depression.
The stock market continues quiet and devoid of espe
cial feature. Stocks are firm one day and weak the next,
with no particular tendency in either direction at the
moment. There are no signs yet that the public have
returned *to the speculative field, and the market there
fore continues almost exclusively professional. Money
is still in good supply all' over the country, and as already
pointed out interest rates are much lower, than expected
some months ago. We are importing gold, another good
sign. Our foreign balances are running more in our
favor than for a year past. Competent authorities in
New York say that most of our foreign obligations have
been liquidated and the steady imports of gold tend to
confirm this statement. Taken in the aggregate the
condition of" trade throughout the country is excellent.
But we must not overlook the fact that the era of abnor
mally high prices is over and that the tendency is toward
a more conservative plane. . ........ .
"I was-discussing the holidays with
a friend prominent in business cir
cles in this city," said a well-known
San Francisco bachelor, "just after I
had accepted an invitation to dine'that
evening at his home, when he startled
me somewhat by saying he was glad
I., was coming out, because his wife
'would probably, fire some dishes/ and
he'd like to have me there if it oc
curred.' Now just why it was desir
able that I be present when anything
of so; domestic and personal a nattre
was on, I couldn't imagine, except it
be that I might get any of the dishes
that missed him. I asked if she fired
things often, and he replied, 'Oh, yes;
nearly every night lately.' Not being
a . very, artful dodger I was wondering
how I could back out gracefully, when
he added, .'You see, she's firing the
china that she paints for Christmas
presents.' Then I felt foolish. She was
only addicted ' to that habit that you
can» pronounce with either a hiss or a
cough, but usually spell 'ceramic.*'*
She Fired Things.
TRADE ON A NORMAL BASIS.
lunatic asylum because she was per
mitted to work .herself ; into a frenzy
over the .trifles of housekeeping might
still be sane and happy if her husband
had possessed the moral poorer and had
exercised his authority to hold her back
from that most inexcusable of all sui
cides — the destruction of, a soul by fret
fulnees. . .. -:;-»',
it is said that "they are principally newcomers,, who
know the Value of water on lands and who arc ready with
their savings earned in a less favored country to start
life anew $'here* every promise is given of large returns."
The'rlndependent' speaks of other parts of the San
Joaquin Valley that arereceiving* large benefits from irri
gation and says: . _
"The picture is not alone that of Stanblau% County,
for the southern section, of San -Joaquin County, j\ist
across the Stanislaus River dividing line, is fast changing
intp'an irrigation dfstrict'and land values are going up
by bounds, while the 'old timers are rubbing their eyes
and wondering if. tlic reports that come to them can.be
true. A leading Stockton banker ¦ said only yesterday
that his institution had "just", sold a large tract of San
Joaquin sand'land under the irrigation canal for $50 an
acre that ayear ago. would Jiave-.been transferred to any
purchaser for $15 per acre." ¦'-. V
TjlE__SAN F B^N G I Sff Q jGA,L£
JOHN D; SPRECKELS, Proprietor; . . : : . . . . . Address AH Commcnications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ..:... *.*. . . • • \ .'. . . • '• • • • • <rfjjljjjjfe> ........: Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY . ; ;v. ; : . . V. *:v. ; . ......... .'.". • . •• • ¦• ..:;.:. ... . •• • •> - : . £ • .....;.;;. ; • • • *• '•". .: DECEMBER I*/: 1903
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY DECEMBER 14, 1903.
;; ? A Chicago physician, for reasons generally unknown,
argues that dirt is health and under the pain" of. physical
disaster, we must not bathe. It must be highly interest
ing to the : people of • Chicago to •¦ know ; that whatever • hu
man specimen's this empincisifpund, upon whom to base
hV unclean conclusions he discovered in the Windy City.
A correspondent of The London Kin*
relates this striking Instance of the
stupidity of native servants in India.
The occasion wa3a big dinner party in
Calcutta, and among: the host's serv
ants was a. khitmagar, (table servant),
whose duty it was to go. round with
the champagne, or, as the natives call
it. "slmkln." Unfortunately". the man
was a bit "dotty."^ or else had been
stupefying himself with opium,-- for
when he began with the principal wom
an guest a terrible contretemps oc
curred. The woman was elderly and
deaf, and she habitually carried about
with .her an ear trumpet. When the
man came round with the champagne
she was talking, and did not" hear him
say.. VSimkin, memsahib?" He re
peated the auestlcn in a little louder
tone, and she- raised -her. ear trumpet
to her v ear in order to catch what was
being" asked'her. Perhaps he thought
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
6one of the most beautiful cities in* the
world as it is the most healthful and
picturesque. It will soon be within
two and a half days from Chicago.
When the citizens of San Francisco
awake to the importance of the tourist
travel and realize what it may be made
to mean to all our productive indus
tries, and business houses as well, there
will be a united effort to surround the
magnificent bay of San Francisco with
places of resort as charming and at
tractive as are to be found anywhere
in this or any other country.
It is our climate alone that makes
possible the growing of the distinctive
varieties of fruits that are giving Cali
fornia its world-wide reputation. For
example, the olive, orange, lemon, po
melo, fig, ralslh and other foreign va
rieties of the grape, French prune, al
mond, walnut, apricot and others I
might mention. "Climate alone." says
Professor Wickson, "has brought into
Southern California 100,000 people who
would not otherwise have come, and
have added $100,000,000 to the capital of
that region.
The same influence has added largely
to the wealth and population of Cen
tral and Northern California. This eco
nomic value of which I speak Is not
confined to the growing of fruits, but
to many other forms of agriculture. I
am now (December 5) digging the sec
ond crop of potatoes on my farm in
Tehama County, on about the parallel
of Chicago and New York City, where
the thermometer has been hovering
around zero, and the market garden
on my farm Is supplying vegetables
daily to the people of Red Bluff, even
tomatoes growing in -the open.
'Farm stock of all kinds are living
well on the new grass and will con
tinue to feed without further care
through the winter." We took off a crop
of alfalfa (the fifth) in November. Or
chard pruning and cultivation are pro
gressing, and the autumn sown grain
is six Inches high in some fields. In
deed, the economic adaptation of our
'climate is possible in almost every ave
nue of California's activities. The an
nual reports of ' the " California State
Board of Trade for 1902 and previous
years, which have been sent broad
cast throughout the East and West,
and in Europe, contain unanswerable
evidence of the points I have here en
deavored to set forth, and have had
wide influence In disseminating the
truth concerning this marvelous State.
activity and the higher use of the lands
within the district of these canals.
. The dawn of the modern light Is be
ginning to spread over the Sacra
mento Valley. That land by the heav
en's better favor has , so well % main
tained its standard of product that
the real beneficial effect of irrigation
has not yet been- felt, but people know
its value. ¦ ¦
The great central canal is nearing
completion. The waters, of the broad
Sacramento will be , turned over the
vast grain fields of Glenn and Colusa
counties .within the year. The largest
body of uniformly rich land In Cali
fornia' will then claim its natural her
itage. Three hundred thousand acres
'of | the land that : made Colusa County
thev greatest" wheat producing county
In the eWorld, yielding 10,000,000 * bush
els ¦ of ; wheat": arid 5,000,000 bushels of
barley annually, will be under a com
plete system of irrigation.
The. producing capacity of that land
The climate of California is its
most valuable asset. Take it away and
substitute for It; the climate of the
Eastern, Middle or Western States,
with their extremes of heat and cold—
100 above to 20 below zero — their
violent storms, their limitations in the
products of the soil, nothing would re
main more attractive than may be
found in many of the States referred
to.
Perhaps that is not quite true. We
would still have our vast deposits of
mineral wealth and our unexampled
forests of commercial woods, and we
would have, our commanding position
on the Pacific Ocean.
But. apart from these, we would be
in much the same condition as would
Italy and the countries around the
Medlterranian Basin; as Spain and
other south of Europe countries, if
the climate of the Baltic were to be
substituted and established there.
The gifts of nature are seldom taken
at any particular value. We accept
them and go about creating things
not given, little heeding the true
meaning of what we find ready made.
In truth, however, the gift of the
unique .and matchless climate be
stowed upon California Is an asset of
greater money value to the State than
the combined wealth of all its pres
ent Inhabitants. It I? beyond computa
tion, for it reaches out into the illim
itable future and is imperishable. If
every industry in the State were de
stroyed and the inhabitants were to
begin life here without capital, the
State would, through the possibilities
of its climate, be richer in half a cen
tury than it is to-day. What would
California take in exchange for her
climate ?
MANY ADVANTAGES.
What are the distinguishing fea
tures and peculiarities of California's
climate, for which we claim its unique
and unparalleled character?
In the first place. It is unchanging.
As far back as we have any recorded
history and, behind this, embracing
traditions coming through the early
mission fathers, we learn of the same
equability of temperature, the same
balmy atmosphere. * the same lux
uriance of vegetation. Our soil may
require renewing by fertilization, but
our climate is as constant as the sun.
farmers made money from their
ranches and. money from their mines
and commenced the building of the
beautiful California cities, San Fran
cisco, Oakland, San Jose, Sacramento
and Stockton, j
These men conbeived the plan of con
structing a transcontinental railroad
and it was done, and a new condition
of things soon dawned on California.
The wav was made easier for people
to reach this land of promise and they
came.. The farmer from the agricul
tural districts of the East sought the
congeniality of California life.
A STORY ''OF. FRUITAGE.
Captain A. P. Clough, who crossed
the plains "in '49." brought with him
a selection ,of fruit and berry seeds.
Before leaving Buffalo the neighbors
gathered at the house and held a "seed
bee." The seeds of the common va
rieties of apple, pear, peach; plum,
cherries were '¦ taken front the fruit and
The conditions which have produced
the result are themselves unchanging,
and so must be the result.
California- is a universal sanitarium.
The climate of the coast is invigor
ating, stimulating and delightful,
neither hot nor cold. The laborer
knows no fatigue, except from physi
cal exhaustion, resulting from over
taxed muscles. The bralnworker
yields only to failure of mental pow
ers.
In the interior valleys in midsummer
the temperature is higher and there
la discomfort at times while working
In the harvest fields and at the desk
behind the counter. The dryness of
the air robs the thermometer of much
of its terror. The sensible tempera
ture, I. e., the temperature we in fact
experience or feel, in the valleys is
less irksome at 100 degrees or 110 de
grees than in regions of greater hu
midity of the atmosphere where the
reading: is 85 to 90 degrees. •
If Is the common experience of per
sons coming into almost any part of
the State that they Increase inj weight
and strength, are less troubled with
nervous affections, sleep and eat well
and improve in health If ailing from
any cause.
LIFE IN THE OPEN.
The variety of temperature and cli
matic conditions exislng In the moun
tains, valleys and on the coast and the
celerity and ease with which our inhab
itants may change their Immediate
surroundings constitute one of the
great charms cf California lift*.
Thousands of families residing In the
valleys find their way into the moun
tains or to the sea coast and have most
delightful camping out experiences.
This they may do In a few hours or in
a day or two at the most, with their
own conveyances. Our valleys and
mountains lie so related to each other
that no spot can be found devoid of
scenic beauty^ There Is no dull mo
notony in the farmer's life as thi-'re Is
from necessity in the lives of those who
reside on the great plain regions of the
West.
Degrees of latitude cut but little fig
ure in determining the readings of the
thermometer. In the State Board of
Trade report for 1902 will be found a
table which tells the story from official
sources. It covers the whole country
from San Diego, near the south line of
the State, to Redding,- at the extreme
north end of the Sacramento valley-
sewed in small bags. Just to see if they
would grow Jn California. Mrs. Clough
planted these seeds near Pine Grove,
Amador County, and from that seed
ling nursery sprang the original fruit
trees In the door yards of the miners'
homes in Amador. Placer, Calaveras, El
Dorado and Sacramento counties.
George Briggs planted a fruit orchard
at Marysville and produced fruit 'for
four bits a pound." Then the fruit era
of California began. Briggs moved to
Woodland, started a. raisin vineyard;
it was successful. In .1874 he advised
me to go to Fresno and plant a vine
yard and raise raisins.
The raisin Industry started there and
on the plains of the San, Joaquin a most
beautiful and . prosperous ,. "city has
grown, supported ¦ by many thousand
acres of highly productive vineyards.
Increase. in population and the, demon
stration pf A the wonderful productive
ness of the soil has naturally.' tie Wl-'
oj)ed the practicability of the ""small
dltiohs for the growth of irrigated
crops.
There Is no time when all nature. is
at rest or. plant life is sleeping. In the
field, orchard, garden, factory and in
the mines; on the stock farm and In
BY X. r. CHIPMAX, PRESIDENT OF THE CALIFORNIA STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
eight degrees of latitude' apart— and ln-_
eludes the number of cloudy and clear"
days and rainfall of the year. It is a
table to keep in one's pocket with whiqh
to refute errors end enlighten the'ig
norant. Her.e^ It. is:
Wonderful Natural Assets of State Beside Tempered Pacific Make It Most Desirable Place
for Residence on Globe and Goal of Seekers for Homes and Health.
SCENES IN IRRIGATION DISTRICTS OF SOME OF THE COUNTIES IN NORTHERN CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
BV C. M. WOOSTER.
With the mJnd on the subject of ir
rigation, a glance at the map of Cali
fornia is part'cularly Interesting. Na
ture has richly endowed California
with irrigable land and bountifully
provided water for purposes of Irriga
tion- Particularly is this true of the
great basin of the State known as the
Sacramento and San Joaquin valltys.
A hundred good-sized perennial moun
tain streams form the source of the
Sacramento River; from the summit of
the Siskiyous to the Southern base of
Shasta spring these crystal mountain
streams that flow into the largest and
roost picturesque of California water
way?, affording in itself sufficient
water to irrigate that veritable empire,
the Sacramento Valley.
Still the means of nature are much
more ample. At Oroville we cress
the Feather River, coming from the
snow lakes of Sierra and Plumas, an
other steamboat river in nature's way
with sufficient water to irrigate and
fertilize a million acres. At Marysville
is met the Tuba, whose source Is a
region cf perpetual snow, the summit
of the Sierra-* and Lakes Fordyce.
Meadow, Crystal, Van Norden and
many other natural mountain reser
voirs.
The American River, from the great
Sierra Nevada Mountain shed of Ne
vada. Placer and El Dorado counties,
fio-ws into the Sacramento at Sacra
mento City. The Cosumne? crosses the
valley at Elk Grove. At Lodi we cross
the Mokelumne, which drains the great
water shed of Amador, Calaveras and
Alpine.
ABUNDANCE OF WATER.
At Ripon, a few miles south <^1 Stock
ton, we cross the Stanislaus and at Mo
desto the Tuolumne, both coming from
the watersheds of Eastern Calaveras
and Tuolumne counties. At Living
stone the Merced River crosses the val
ley, carrying the. waters from the crags
and deep canyons of the Yosemite.
Next south, the Fresno River from
Eastern Mariposa and Madeira water
sheds crosses the San Joaquin Valley
at Madeira. At Herndon the ,>an Joa
quin River crosses the valley and a
few mt!ep wept turns its course north
erly and is the principal waterway of
the San Joa<?Uin Valley. At Reedly is
Kings River, which flows from the rug
ged and picturesque Kings River Can
yon and its numerous forks in the east
ern watershed of Fresno' County. The
Kaweah is met at Goshen and the Tule
River at a few miles fcouth of Tulare.
The last notable stream is the Kern,
which cro?s=es at Bakersfield In its
course to Tulare Lake. *Ther« are also
numerous minor streams flowing from
the foothill regions on the eastern
slope of the great basin and a num
ber of water courses of important pro
portions flowing into the Sacramento
and San Joaquin valleys from the west
slope, draining the eastern watershed
of the Coast Range sufficiently at least
to supply all of the irrigable land of the
western slope of the basin if skillfully
diverted.
IDEAL FOR IRRIGATORS.
California is Messed with its moun
tains and doubly blessed with its val
leys. Six hundred miles of fertile
plain with climatic conditions and al
luvial soil promoting the superb de
velopment of all fruits, vines and veg
etable life and six hundred miles of
rugged Fnow-capped mountains send
ing down through every crag and can
yon wholesome water, gathering this
in potential rivers and ppreading it out
over the plains below, crossing the
valley at convenient points Just a suf
ficient di5tance apart to accommodate
the land In the most advantageous
way. ;':-S l r:-
Truly this is an ideal condition for
the irrigator, yet little appreciated
thus far in the State's development.
More and more each year the power
of water is being felt, and when Cali
fornia is developed, canals will spread
the water from every stream over the
gardens within their duty, conveying
the fertilizing elements of the hill
sides and supplying both food and
drink to many thousands of acres even
at this day uncultivated. Then the
Jand will be brought to a much higher
state cf production and its revenue ca
pacity increased many fold. ,
Californians have been slow to take
to irrigation. Where the live oak grows
by nature irrigation is not essential to
the gTowth of cereals, and most fruits
and the live oaks grow In all the val
leys of Northern and Central Califor
nia.
DAYS OF OPULENCE.
The State's history is but a few years,
yet full of interesting things. Mining,
perhaps the most fascinating occupa
tion, attracted a gallant class of pio
neers. They found California a big
country— big In everything. They
broadened into men of liberal tastes,
became accustomed to big things; the
massive oak groves of the valleys, the
monster redwood wilderness, majeetic
mountains and the giant sequoia.
Gold came* easily and went by the
teatpoonfuls. There was a most
wholesome freedom of range and air.
Big things were common.
The Mexicans, who always placed a
nominal value on land, had been lib
eral in bestowing upon themselves
ranches of 10.000 to 20,000 acres each.
Tbe gold bag of the American
miner became filled, and with his char
acteristic foresight he acquired these
vast estates, and thus began the wheat
era of California. The boII responded
freely and very soon California took
second place among the States In wheat
'production.
The California wheat' farmer was a
prince and he lived the part. A 10,000
acre wheat farm was the common
thing. The need of Irrigation was not
recognized. The indulgent California
eky amply supplied every essential
gift ur. best owed by the soil and the
Many figures that are of real value
have been supplied by competent au
thorities during the last week. The
California fruit distributors, through
Alden Anderson, report that 76S3 car
loads of fresh fruit have been shipped
out of the State during the year 1D03.
Mr. Anderson hopes the annual average
of shipments may be brought up to
12,000 carloads. The Davlsville Almond
Growers' Association, meeting at Davis
ville, reported that it had sent out of
California during the season 23 car
loads of almonds. The value was $1M69.
The Lc-s Angeles Chamber of Com
merce figures out the population of
Southern California counties to be 416.
500. In 1900 the total was 305,110. The
counties are now rated by the Chamber
of Commerce as follows: Los Angeles
251,000. Orange 23.000, Riverside 20,000.
San Diego 42,000, Ventura 18,000, Santa
Barbara 22,000.
During November 649 permits to erect
buildings in Les Angeles were Issued,
says the Herald. The expenditure in
volved in making these Improvements
was $1,1S3.S14.
A cement pla^Jt to cost $1,000,000 will
brobably be located In Santa Cruz
County as the result of the report of a
committee sent to. investigate a plant
at Napa Junction.
Construction work on the Bakersfleld-
Ventura electric railway has been be
gun at Oxr.ard. The first section of
track to be laid will extend from Ox
nard to Hueneme.
A new steamboat company has been
formed at Stockton with a capital
stock of $100,000. so say3 the Stockton
Independent, to put in operatlcra ves
sels for handling freights on the San
Joaquin River next season.
The Tulare Register reports that
Tulare will have another butter fac
tory. The dairying industry in Tulare
County Is crowing.
The San Diego Union reports that the
Silver Gate flouring mills in San Diego
may be reopened.
The San Bernardino Times-Index
says that a line of automobile cars will
be constructed to run Into Death Valley
and bring out borax, taking the place
of the present mule trains and making
an annual saving of $100,000.
The Colfax Sentinel reports that the
lime works on the Bear River, three
miles from Colfax, are approaching
completion: The capacity of the kilns
will be from 100 barrels to 125 barrels
per diem. .;.,:¦
The Napa Valley Packing Company
is reported to be about to put up a new
cannery and cottages for working peo
ple employed. iv. ¦
Within sixty-nine days the deposits
in the national banks In Los Angeles
increased $1,333,560. This showing ex
cludes the State and savings banks.
The Newcastle News says that New
castle has become an all-the-year
around shipping point. Berries and
cherries begin to move In April. From
that time to the date for beginning the
shipments of oranges there is no break
in shipping. The oranges, olive pro
ducts and dried and canned fruits will
keep the shippers busy until ; berries
again ripen.
The Berkeley Gazette says that the
Judson Iron Works at Emeryville will
supplant steam power with electricity.
will then be increased threefold. More
orange groves will be planted and
orchards -will multiply. Alfalfa and
dairy farms will be established and
thousands • of acres now owned and
farmed by a jingle owner will pas3
into the hands of many hundreds of
people whose diligent husbandry, as
sisted by abundant water at the proper
time, will thus form that portion of
the great Sacramento Valley into "a
picture no artist can paint."
There is practically no dormant sea
son In California. Plant life grows
throughout the year. With irrigation
seeds can be sown and products har
vested in most every month of the
year. Six to eight crops of alfalfa are
gathered from the same field annually
where Irrigation Is properly applied
and the soil and climatic conditions are
suitable.
STRIKING COMPARISONS.
Three hundred to five hundred pounds
of water Is reaulred by nature to pro
duce one pound of dry matter. A prac
tical demonstration of the power of wa
ter in agriculture Is shown by the pro
ducts of California last year. Three
million acres In wheat and barley, non-
Irrigated, produced commercially $22,
000,000, while the product of 200,000 acres
of irrigated land sold for $30,000,000, a
very great contrast.
A part of the southern desert is be
ing reclaimed by diverting the waters
of the Colorado, where the cost of land
13 $1 25 an acre and the water right
alone costs $20 an acre. Hers the wa
ter value exceeds the land value 1600
per cent.
America Is entering boldly into the Ir
rigation, age. As population increases,
personal. liberty must be restricted and
room must be provided for those who
choose to abide among us: Their hom>s
will be sought mainly in the fertile val
leys, the possession of the" California
rancher. Thus comes the disintegra
tion of the big^ ranch, the conversion of
its broad acres into the home" fare:.
the noblest abode of man.
It is true that any man, with the
expenditure of less physical «nd mental
exertion than is necessary In the pur
suit ot livelihood In the city or town
can live better and make more money
on ten acres of good land In California
and free ' himself from ' the contamina
tion of a congested cosmopolitan dpt>-»
lation and feed himself and his family
on pure food, raise his children in a
more wholesome, atmosphere and be
himself endowed with the tpirit of
American liberty on an American home,
his own.
I n terior Keeping
Pace With the
Advance.
Flow From Sierra
to Spreading
Valleys.
Facts and Figures
Show State's
Position.
Streams in Variety
Cross Level
Counties.
CLIMATE WATER AND FERTIEE SOIL GIVE CALIFORNIA
PRE-EMINENCE AMONG FAVORED SPOTS OF THE WORLD
1V.E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY DECEMBER 11, 1903.
California calendars and art souvenirs
for the million. Sanborn. Vail ft Co., 741
Market street. •
farm well tilled, the most important of
all •considerations.
THE NEWER SYSTEM.
It is a simple problem,. a hill of po
tatoes grow* bigger often hoed, but If
often hoed and watered as well; its
growth is many fold more. With a
windmill and three i acres of inferior
land a gardener, on the Mission Road
produced $6000 worth of vegetables last
year.. It was not the soil' alone, nor the
water. The soil, the water and the- hoe
intelligently applied gave to that,three
acre farmer an , income as large as the
salary of the Governor of California.
The people, of Santa Clara Valley
learned that the small, orchard is more
profitable comparatively than the large
one and most of -.'the handsome homes
of that peerless fruit valley consists of
ten acres ea'ch. . : , ; ; ; .
.The people of.-. Fresno soon learned
the value of irrigation and numerous
canals wer« constructed; The 1 streams
The fact that latitude has little to do
with our climate is a remarkable fea
ture. It is not true of Italy, for there
is a great variation there between the
temperature north and south. It Is not
true in France or along the west coast
of Europe.% I believe this to be a pe
culiarity unique and found only on this
coast. This peculiarity is further at
tested by the, fact that in all this vast
region the same fruits are grown.
Within a radius of fifty. miles around
Orovllle. which Is 150 miles north of
San Francisco, and 650 miles north of
Los Angeles, there, were more than 1000
carloads of oranges raised last year,
and they ripen much earlier than In the
south— a notable fact.
Elevation has much more to do with
the temperature- in California than lat
itude. In high altitudes we find snow.
Rainfall decreases as we -go south in
the State, pur mountain summer cli
mate Is extremely delightful and is des
tined to draw many Eastern people to
the numerous charming retreats in the
Sierras and the Coast Range.
Climate is our greatest resource, be
cause of its 'high economic value.
It Is afresburce because by its in
fluence wf are enabled to so marvel
ously diversify and Increase the num
ber of, our agricultural products; and
often, too, all. these products are grown
on the same body of land. It Is a re
source, because man's labor here can
be profitably employed every day in the
year; because there is no month when
vegetation. In 3ome form is not grow
ing and because it furnishes Ideal con-
the dairy every day is a day of pro
ductive labor.
"We commence shipping fresh decid
uous fruits in May and there is no
cessation until December. In Novem
ber we begin to ship citrus fruits and
they overlap the deciduous fruits and
continue In fact the year through.
Nor must we ignore or overlook our
tourist travel as a resource and as con
tributing to the economic value of our
climate. It Is estimated that 200,000
tourists visit Florida ¦ every season—
there Is but one short season there— and
leave in the State not less than $10,000,
000. The tourist travel in California is
growing rapidly and is already a source
of great wealth to the State arid profit
to railroad companies. '
SAN FRANCISCO 3IOVES.
AN ERA OF CANALS.
It is but now being found out that we
have In and around San Francisco
most delightful summer resorts as well
as. winter attractions. The two mag
nificent hotels now under . construction,
and other great hostelries in San Fran
¦ cisco shortly to open, and , the crowded
condition of our established hotels, at
test the fart that this city is soon .to
share in a still greater degree than now
fills profitable business. And why not?
In all, months in the. year the visitor
may enjoy Just such temperature as
his inclination may desire, or his con
dition of health demand, within a ride
of an hour, or two/or three at thernost,
frorn^ San Francisco or In the city
itself. ./ • ; ,
San Francisco is rapidly becoming
of Tulare were diverted and within the
range of their flow the plain that was
is a veritable garden of orange groves,
yiheyardB, deciduous orchards and al
falfa fields* vastly enriching the own
ers and augmenting the vast resources
of that portion /of • the .State.
' Recently the Turlock irrigation sys
tem,- for a dozen years unfortunately
held back by litigation, was put in op
eration, 'and the * once forbidding
sandy land of Stanislaus has 'been con
verted into thrifty and highly profit
able alfalfa fields,' providing profitable
homes for a thousand new families
from other counties and other States.
Modesto is destined to • be ' a second
Fresno "'•¦ in beauty ' and.' commercial
wealth. • ¦
Two «¦ new irrigation systems : have
been recently put in \ operation ' in j San
Joaquin County! and the ¦ presence : of
water is manifesting itself Irt 7 renewed
7KNOXVIULE. Tenn.. Dec. 13.— The last of
th* property of the old Co-<n>eratlon Town
('omptny organized twelve years ago to es
tablish a city at.Ellzabethtown. Tenn.. he*
b«en «old by recelvpns. This closes the affair*
of this noted company, in which John O.
<"arlisl<». the late Senator Harris. Benjamin
Uuuem-orth. Robert P. Porter and other men
of national reputation were interested.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. --The.follow
ing amateurs .will meet in" four-round
bouts at the West OaklandfClub next
.Wednesday evening: ..Brown, vs.
Torres, : at ,125 pounds :,.Deniough vs.
Longe, . at, Jl33 pounds; 1 *-- Duffy; ( vs.
Cleary, at 143 pounds;, rMusa Bryam
.vs. ¦ Carprone, \ at catch ¦'. weights ; Gar
vin. vs. Can tell, at 165 pounds; Tenny
vs. Brady, at 125 pounds/:/ '- \ ...
Boxing at .West Oakland.
SANTA BARBARA. Dee. 13.— Santa
Barbara won the second of the four
teen-game series of baseball with the
Coast pennant winners to-day by a score
of four to three. Cooper won his own
game by batting in the deciding run.
This is the first game won by Cooper
this year against Dr. Newton, Bat
teries, Cooper and Lewis; Newton and
Spies.
Santa Barbara Nine a Winner.
TIE GAME AT IDOKA PARK.
Occidentals and Rovers Meet in an
Exciting Gridiron Struggle.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— The field was
too wet for rapid scoring at association
football this afternoon at Idora Park.
The best the Albion Rover3 and the
Occidentals could do was to set 'one
point each. The Occidentals scored
their solitary point in the flr3t half and
the Rovers theirs in the second. The
Rovers kept the ball in the Occidental
end of the field most of th2 time, but
were prevented from scoring through
the skill of Chivers, goalkeeper for
their opponents. The line up of the
teams was as follows:
Albion Rovers— Johns, goal; Gculette. right
fullback;' Lancaster, left fullback; Matthlson.
left halfback: Bane, right halfback; Smith,
center halfback; Churchill, outside right for
ward: Gilchrest. lnsid* rigttf forward; Bradley,
outside left forward; Duchesne, inside left for
ward • E. Orton. center forward.
Occidentals— Chivers, goal : McCarty. right
fullback; Lloyd, left fullback; Hlggins. left
halfback: Robertson, right halfback ;Bowden.
center halfback; Holland, outside right : for
ward; Kvans. Inside right forward; Holland,
outside left forward: Hayes. Inside left for
ward; Lyden. center forward.
Champion class— Auk. Studer. 413 points; first
class.. A. von/"\Vyl. 379: I. Bachman, 3flS ; |.
Leemann. 370; second class. Fa Suter, 373: I
Schelbll; 370: third class. Charles Bachmann
36-1; E. DefiliDPis. 3*1. Bullseye shoot — First.
Charles Bachmann: second. A. "-Von.TV'yl: third
Aug.- Studer: . fourth, A. Werlen:" fifth. •¦ i
Bachmann; elxth, P. Croce; seventh. E. Defe
lippis: eighth. I! Leemann; ninth,' I. C. Hugue
nin; tentn. If- Jsciielbll; eleventh, 1 F. Suter.
The regular monthly, competition of
the Swiss Rifle Club was held yesterday
and resulted as follows:
Swiss~ Rifle Club Competition.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 13.— A-compromise has
been effected in the case of the P'«P'e of the
State of California versus H. A. Richardson.
In which the County of Sonom^ wl» obtain a
perfect title to the property on, which stands
a bridge claimed by Richardson.. In consider
ation for the receipt of the title to a right of
way ¦ th« county will dissolve an injunction
against Richardson and dismiss a criminal ac
tion begun against him.
LONDON. Dec. 13.— -John C. Collins, th<«
author; Sidney Lee. the author and editor, and
ethers prominent In the world of letters, ar<#
ursine the Government to buy the manuscript
of Mllton'a "Paradise Loot" for the -nation to
keep it from going to the United States.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Dec. IS.— D. C.
Copley, a member of the -executive commute*
of the Western Federation of Miners, was ar
rested here to-day by the military authori
ties. "•Military necessity'' is the only reason
given for the arrest.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec.Xl3.— A special
from Dawson to the Post-Intelligencer
says: Hugh McKinnon, one of Amer
ica's greatest athletes, died suddenly
In Dawson last night. For, the last
two years he' had been chief officer^ In
the Yukon to' prevent the establishment
of Illicit distilleries and the smuggling
of liquors into the Territory.; The cause
of his death is uncertain, but. it was.
probably due to heart disease. He was
found dead in bed by his wife 'a few
minutes after retiring. . , ."'
. From 1874 to 1879 McKinnon. held the
championship as all-around athlete in
the United States and Canada. He was
awarded more than a thousand ' prizes
in clubs." 1 - He retired in 1879 undefeated;
Noted Athlete Dies.
PROBABLE WZZnBTEKS.
First race — BUI Kanie, SI Piloto. Tel
ephone.
Second race— Cuobnn, Effervescence,
Gottlelbea.
Third race — Flan, Cougar, I O U.
Fourth race— Lord Melbourne, Diderot,
Doric e.
Filth race— Sol Smith, F. E. Shaw,
Darrin.
Sixth race — Greeaock, . Silurian, Fat
asorrlssey. t f . :';¦-¦¦
Goodhue of San Mateo and, Doyle of
Menlo Park were injured; - The latter
was so badly hurt about the head, that
he is confined to his bed. Doyle re
covered in time to return home with
his team. , ,. -, ,
SAX MATEO, Dec. 13. — Neither
side scored in a game of football
played here to-day between the Ath
letic Club eleven and Company T,
League of the Cross, Menlo Park.
Both teams played in fine form. San
Mateowas outweighted an average of
seven pounds. Walter de Mara, their
best player, was absent, and only their
grit saved them f rom ; , de"f eat. The
grass was slippery and ;., aided inter
ference which kept the runs down.
But three kicks were made, one each
by the Dickie brothers . of . the Ath
letics, in which twenty yards were
gained, and one by Menlo, in which
eight yards were lost. Neither goal
was ever in danger. . . /
Players Injured at San Mateo.
\ The announcement that Dr. Alex. J.
Mclvor-Tyndall. the lecturer and
demonstrator of psychic science, was
about to close his present lecture
series here, called out another im
mense audience last, night and many
were unable to secure seats in Stein
way Hall. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall took
for the subject of his lecture "Our
Common Birthright" and brought out
the point that every person has the
choice of becoming an Individual in
the scheme of life, or merely a nega
tive personality. The speaker de
clared that the greatest virtue a per
son can possess is that of independ
ence of thought and action, because
through this characteristic he will at
tain happiness and "success. The even
ing was concluded with some marvel
ously interesting experiments in the
powers of the sub-conscious mind,
which were made in a most entertain
ing manner and elicited loud ap
plause. Dr. Mclvor,-Tyndall announced
that he had been asked to given an ex
planation of the feats of the "Georgia
magnet" and he has decided to do^o
next Sunday evening, when the won
derful performance of the "magnetic
wonder" will be reproduced and the
principle by which they are accom
plished explained. The evening: will
be given over entirely to phenomena,
including, in addition to the phen
omena produced by the "Georgia mag
net." some of the most intricate ex
periments in the power of thought,
psychometry and clairvoyance.
Tyndall AV111 Explain Mystery.
Vamp'ires^ — Alrth. Peterson. Martin. Glarner.
Harwood. 1-angdale. Wilding. Kay, Turner,
Showed, Lees. Referee — Casson.
In team work the Vampires easily
outclassed the Pickwicks. The teams
lined up as follows:
Pickwicks — Williamson. Grade. Milne. Cook.
Fhadden. Furber. Robinson. W'atters. Cowan*
Warren. Oakes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 13.— After a stub
bornly contested • game of association
football on a spongy r.eld. the Pick
wicks sue ibed to the crack Vampire3
this afternoon, the score standing at
the referee's whistle 7 to 0. Two of the
goals were made in the first half. Wild
ing and Showell being the punters to
shoot the sphere into the net. In the
last half the Pickwicks went at their
opponents with renewed determination,
but- the knowing Vampires were always
there with the block and the safe kick
and, despite the hammer and tongs tac
tlcks of the Pickwicks,. kept the sphere
continually In the territory of the lat
ter. Captain Peterson and Martin of
the Vampires played safe and fast for
their side, doing some of the longest
and surest punting of the day. Lees
and Langdale of the same team were
laid out temporarily during the play,
but ¦ grittily remained in *he contest
to the end. /• ";
Score Is Seven to Notliins on the Ala
medn Field.
VAMPIRES DEFEAT PICKWICKS.
Independent Rifles., monthly "medal sheet—
Sergeant C. Andrews '45.-' Lieutenant J.- Kuhlke
64. Corporal A. Dietrich 18. J.-Nowdesha 36. .
., t Nprddeutscher Schuetzen Club.- monthly bulls
eye contest— F.; P. Schuster 112, Captain John
ThodeT,73. - ChaTlcs Oldaff. S6»,- L. Siebe 640,
August -Hohmann- 6X5, R. StetUn 682. 'F. "C.
Rust '.711.-. Herman Huber '772,' -W. F.tGarmi
070. Georsre H. Bahrs 1065,^ L.'Brune 1157. F.
G.Thode 11715. ¦ -, -.¦¦*<¦ ¦ ¦.;*¦*¦!-;-
. -» San • Francisco i Schuetzen Verein. monthly
medal snopt— Champion highest score. Herman
Huber. 444; 'first class. George H.'Bahrs. 404;
second class, .not 'Oiled: third: class. John de
.Wit. 384; fourth class. E. Doell,v36d; best first
shot. Lieutenant Henry Meyer, 24; best last
ehot.'.H. Huber; '23. > r >-:.».- , . , v •.., , ._
1 In the, programme for 1904- the Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifle, Club offers two
handsome gold medals. William Garms
is the donator of one for the marks
man making the best three centers dur
ing the year. Captain *L. Siebe again
gives a gold medal for the* rifleman
making the best average score.
Following are the results of the con
.tests: .-¦ ' '. .-:¦¦
Germania Schuetsen Club, 3 turkey shoot-
George .Tarr.meyer 08. D. B. Faktor 66. Henry
Meyer 66. Charles Thlerbach tiO, Max Kolander
64, L. Bendel 63. ! r ,?'- .'-,
• Medal shoct, first champion ,. class — F. P.
Schusler.- 221; second champion "class, , M. F.
Blasse, 216; first class, H. Stellirfl 211 i- second
class, W. Burkholder, 206; th.Vd class, A.
Schaefer, 100: best flm .shot. Peter J.' Dunne,
25; best last' shot. F. P. Schusters 24. -V
Competition ihoot — F. E. Mason 232, Herman
Huber 217, Al Gehret 217, F.P. Schuster 210,
Fred" Brandt 210. N. Ahrens 200,^1. F. Blaese
208. George II.. Bahrs 210. -¦ • .< : .
i Golden Gate Rifle- and. Pistol Club, monthly
cempetition, club ililo trophies — Al Gehret 217.
C. . M.~ Henderson 221 U: B. Faktor. 222. F. E.
Mason 221. M. F. Blasse 211: M. H. Burkholder
203; Max Kolander 100. Emll Woenne 188. E.
C. Cordell 158. Medal bars— M. : Kolander. 211.
20". 213; O, Tnmmeyer, 210. 2«0;.M. F. Blasse.
21.*.. Re-entry match, expert class — A. Gehret.
230. 225, 220,-222; C. M. Henderson, 224, , 222.
221, 215.210; D. B. Faktor. 222> 220. Second
clavs — M. Kolander. 211 213, 207; G. Arm
strong, .203: E. .Wowne, 208, 210. :• Gold med
a s ' 1 — ;O- A. Bremer, 211: G.~ Armstrong. 192. 203;
William Ehrerjpfort. 167, 172. '. Club trophy,
revolvers— William Proll 91.. William Burkhold
erM.E." Cornell 66/ Revolver re-entry match
—William Proll. I>.{. 88. 87. 85.S5, 83; W. C.
Prichard/.OO.-SS. 88, 80; J. Kullman. 84. SO.
Pistol club ' trophies— J. Kullniann 03, G. E.
F n ra^ m 9> G - Armstrong 88, -Charles Becker
™' ,»'• Kolander 72. Pistol re-entry match— J.
Kullmann. 02.80; G.^Armstrong 02. »2. 88; G.
E.. Frahny.01.- «H>,-8t», 88; W. C.'Prichard. 86;
£ • i.u c n , der; 73 .' : Charles -Becker; V SO; Dr. D.
bmlth, SO,, 87. 89. 80. ,
Highest scores during th* year, in the rifle
r^ e "|, I *y "latch— Al Gehret 2270. C. M. Hender
?2?tt 3> D -' B - Faktcr 2236. M. F. Blasse 2200.
TMlIIam "F. Blaese 2104, ; Max Kolander 2087,
G.' -Armstrong 2005. ' ¦ *-• ¦ ¦
In the final shooting contests of the
season, held at Shell Mound Park range
yesterday, Al Gehret/ Frank E. Mason
and Herman Huber covered themselves
with glory. The scores made are among
the best recorded for a long time.
Al Gehret was in particularly good
form, as he captured the yearly special
prizes for the highest ten strings in
the Germania, Golden Gate and Cali
fornia Schuetzen clubs. In the Germa
nia Club he /was closely followed by
Frank E.' Mason. Mr. Gehret's total in
the Golden Gate Club for the best ten
scores during the year with 2270 rings.
In the Germania Club he won out with
2235 rings, against 2230 for Mason. The
highest individual score for the year
was captured by Frank E. Mason, who
led all competitors with the high record
'of 232 rings in ten shots, being more
than 23 out of a possible 25.
Herman Huber is setting a hot pace
for the champions. His performances
with the rifle during the last few
months have been remarkable. In the
medal contest of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vereln he placed the good
score of 444 rings to his credit and car
ried off the championship. honors.
Fred P. Schuster made the best cen
ter shot of the day in the Norddeutsch
er competition with 112 points to his
credit. . .
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 13. —
Before a large assemblage in the
tabernacle, to-day, Apostle O. M.
Woodruff of the Mormon church dis
cussed the present state of affairs in
Utah, indirectly referred to the Smoot
case and scored certain Christian
ministers and "agitators." who, he
said, come to Utah under a false
cloak to stir up strife and dissension
for their own lucrative benefit at the
expense of somebody's else peace and
happiness. Referring to the Smoot
case, the speaker said:
•"The right of American citizenship
came from God, and let man beware
of how he attempts to undo what God
has done. It is remarkable that any
person be so narrow, so bigoted, that
because -another person does not be
lieve the same as he does, he would
deny him the right of his American
citizenship."
Apostle Woodruff Discusses Smoot
Case and Cluirapterizes His Op
ponents as Agitators.
SCORES -'ENEMIES OF
. ". THE MORMON CHURCH
MARKSMEN WHO DISTIN
GUISHED THEMSELVES
AT SHELL MOUND.
British Sailors Defeat the Pirates.
An excellent game of association
football was played on Saturday after
noon on the grounds near the Cotton
Mills. East Oakland, between the Pi
rates and a team of apprentices from
the British vessels lying -off Sausalito.
The ground is quite level and is the
best used for association football in
this neighborhood. Though the sailors
lacked the services of Huxley and Al
exander, they played a good' game and
at half time had scored one goal to
none on the part of their -opponents.
They had all the best of the play in the
first period and showed excellent com
bination. Colchester, inside left for
ward, was especially noticeable, though
it was his first appearance on a football
field for thre* years.
In the second half the Pirates had
the best of the play but could not place
the ball between the posts, the defense
of the sailors being too strong to pierce.
The Rev. J. Digby of the Seamen's In
stitute was highly serviceable in goal,
clearing well on several occasions. Be
fore time was called, Colchester scored
a second goal for the Sailors, the goal
in the first half having been kicked by
Ewbank. The game ended thus:
Sailors 2. Pirates 0. For the losers
Simons plaved a good game, he and
Colchester being the smallest men on
the field. Henry Roberts, secretary, of
the California Association Football
League, was referee.
Bay City Athletic Club Boxing.
Harry Chester of the. Olympic Club
will attempt to win the amateur heavy
weight • boxing ; championship'.- from
George Sullivan at Mechanics' Pavil
ion Annex to-night before the Bay City
Athletic. Club. This^bout .will, be the
main. event. Ihere are five other. bouts.
They are Joe Fountain vs. Ed.' Martin,
¦William Eagan ¦ vs. I M-- Oneto, ., Jack
O'Brien vs., Charles Landers, Joe Lar
kln ,vs. Jack'Moran' Dick Hyland vs.
Jim Kane. . • . . • ' .
The Purse, the first of two consola
tion stakes, was won by E. M. Kel
logg's Troublesome nominated by I P.
J. Reilly. He beat T. J. Cronin's Fair
Tralee in the deciding course.
The Plate was won by E. Baumeis-
ter's Cubanola, which defeated P. F.
Callan's Mi Amigo. after a long course.
The detailed results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow: . .
Jcha Grace Challenge cup^-Red Rock beat
Cloudburst. 11-5: Charter Member beat Donny
brook. 12-5: Celtic. beat Texas Hoodoo, 12-2;
Hresldlo Boy beat -Young: Johnny ¦ Rex, 13-4:
Gambit beat Racine Auto. .6-4; Honest John
beat Quita, 6-1; J E H beat .Northern Express/
10-2; Full Moon beat Beacon. 4-0; ' Amandan
beat Colored Lady, 12-6; Rector beat Renegade
Apache. -J4-3; Pocatelli beat Th# Referee, 3-1;
Vandal b?at Regttme, 4-0; Rubber Ankles beat
Lily WrfKht. t»-0; Real Article "beat High
Horn, 19-5: Frisco La»l beat Pomona, 4-0; Lib
erator beat John Heenan, 6-4. .
Second rour.d — Red Rock beat Celtic. 20-15:
Charter Member beatiPresidto Boy. 14-7; J.E H
beat tian-iblt. .7-6; Honest John beat Full Moon,
ft-ti: Rector beat Amandan. 1O-5; Pocatelli beat
Vandal, tt-5; . Rubber -Ankles; beat Frisco-Lad,
13-4; Real Article, beat Liberator,: 19-13.
Third rounds-Honest John beat Red Rock,
6-1; Charter Member beat J E H. 4-2; Rector
The winner met and defeated in turn
Belle Free, Renegade Apache, Aman
dan. Rubber Ankles, Pocatelli and,
finally, Honest John. He was a one
to-four choice in the latter course. He
had made all his trials short ones,
having run a total of 137 seconds to
his opponent's 188.
Rector's narrowest escape from de
feat was in the semi-final round, when
he ran an undecided course with Po
catelli. In the run off Rector led and
picked the hare up on the run, scoring
five points to nothing. In his trial with
Rubber Ankles he had a margin of but
one point in his favor, the score being
five to four. Rector was runner-up to
Beacon for the stake in 1901.
The stake furnished the most sensa
tional coursing ever seen in America.
The greyhounds were unusually well
matched and were sent on the field
trained to the hour. The only jarrins
note was struck in the deciding course,
when some of the spectators took issue
with Judge Grace over his decision.
The course was a long one and was
run in the dusk. A light fog hung low
over the field. This made It difficult for
the spectators, a quarter of a mile
away, to view the entire course. Judge
Grace, in explanation of the score, said:
"Rector led by ten lengths. He
scored twenty points before Honost
John scored at all. Aftar the first six
points under the rules the scoring
doubles, two points being" allowed for
each turn made. After Rector lan
up a sequence of twenty points Honest
John scored six. Rector then made six
more and Honest John finished with
a sequence of ten. For a part of the
time in which he was in front he was
not Ecorlng, the hare being too far
in advance of him."
There waj a similar demonstration in
the same stake In 1899, when Judge Bull
declared For Freedom the winner over
Thornhlll. The former was a brindle
dog, while the latter was white. In
the semi-darkness the latter could be
distinguished, while, the other dog
could not be seen, his color correspond
ing with that of the field. The Judges
decision was sustained by men in the
field who could see For Freedom scor
ing.
Rector is a red dog, while Honest
John is black and white.
The attendance was large, although
the weather conditions were unfavor
able for outdoor sports. The betting
was heavy, especially in some of the
trials where opinions were equally di
vided as to the outcome. t .
Rector, a California-bred greyhound
owned by G. Lacy Crawford of St. Louis,
won the ninth renewal of the John
Grace Challenge Cup Stake yesterday
at Union Coursing Park. In the decid
ing course he met P. F-Callan's" Honest
John, which he defeated by a score of
26 points to 16.
In a hard final at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday P. J. Horgan's Tralee
Lass beat W. Maguire's Orsina for first
honors by a score of 10 to 7. The de
ciding course found the contestants at
even money, and up to the time the bell
rang the monev poured into the boxes
in big bunches.
The stake brought out many good
trials, with but few disappointing, re
sults to the talent.
Lily York went out in the third round
tc Sofala in a close course, beaten by
a point. Many looked upon her as a
likely candidate for final honors after
her showing of the day before, but she
succumbed to coursing luck. Sofala
made a great bid for the big end of the
purse, but was finally retired by favor
of the hare.
During the. noon intermission Pat
MuIIarkey questioned the decision of
Judge Thomas Tlerney in a close
course where one of his hounds was in
the running,, and the two came to
blows. Friends interfered and sepa
rated the men before any damage was
done.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Tierney's official scores:
Lily York beat Little Lucy. 5-3; Sofala beat
Wedgewood, 6-3; Haddlngton beat Comlque,
4-3; Lady Menlo beat Young Fearlessv l 8-4; Firm
Fellow beat Little Plunder, 4-0; Golden Light
beat Cremo, «-0; Reckless Acrobat beat Fin
oola, fi-0; Klch Areosy beat Jimmy Anthony,
4-2: Northern Alarm beat Halfmoon. 4-0; Or
sina beat Mark Twain, 3-2; Don Pedro beat
Gllmore. Girl, 5-3; Sllevenamon beat Doc Burns
7-0; Lord Granard beat Maid of Gowrle 6-3;
Doreen beat Comstock, 7-5: Our Minnie beat
RetnlSKo Animo. 8-0 Flora Temple beat Silver
Cloud. 4-1; Yukon beat Bob R, 3-2; Miss Green
beat Black Coon. 5-1; Tralee Maid beat Irving
ton Tralee.- 5-0: Tra!ee Lass beat Intruder. 3-2;
Glaucus beat Haphazard, 3-2; llarlean Gladys
beat Fair Glen. 3-0; Idleness beat Flaunt, 3-0;
Equator beat Good Decision, 7-0. '
Third round— Sofala beat Lily York, 4-3;
Lady Mtnlo beat Haddlngton, 6-1; Firm Fel
•low beat Golden Light,- 6-0;- Rich Argosy beat
Reckless Acrobat. 5-4 ; Orsina beat Northern
Alarm, 4-0: Sllevenamonl beat Don Pedro. 4-2:
Doreen beat I«ord Granard. 4-0; Our Minnie
beat Flora Temple.' 4-2: Yukon beat Miss Green
(J-5; Glaucus beat Tralee Maid, ."-0; Tralee Iviss
beat. Harlcan Gladys, 8-3; Equator 'beat Idle
new. 5-0. ¦• . . - .' ,
Fourth round— SofaJa beat Lady Menlo,' 5-2;
Firm Fellow beat Rich Anrosy. • 5-0; Orelnn
beat Sllevenamon. 3-0; Doreen beat Our Minnie.
fi-0: Tralee Lass beat Yukon, 5-0; Glaucus beat
Equator, 8-1". ¦ ' "• .¦'
Fifth round— Sofala beat Firm Fellow,' 4-3;
Orsina beaT Doreen,, 6-2; Tralee • Lass beat
Glaucus, ' 3-2. '¦ . . ¦ . •
-Sixth round — Orsina beat Sofala, 4-2; Tralee
Lass a bye. - \ .,?.¦.
Deciding course — Tralee Lass beat Orsina,
10-7. » •
Beats Orsina in Deciding Course at
Inglcslde Coursing Park.
beat Rubhcr Ankles. 6-4: Pocatelli beat Real
Article. 18-14. /
Fourth round — Honest John beat Charter
Member. 21-11; Rector beat Pocatelli. 5-0.
¦DocidinK course— G. Lacy Crawford's Rector
<Chartist-The Fram Imp.) beat P. F. Callan's
Honest John (Emln Pasha-Mamie Pleasant),
26-10.
The Puree— Richard Anton beat Sacramento
Boy. 19-10; Barge a bye. Rocker Arm with
drawn: Troublesome beat Ragged Actor, .1-4;
Articulate beat Pacing Billy, «-4: Belle Free
heat Yankee Boy, 19-5: Mount Rose beat Game
Boy. !M: Fair Tralee beat Menlo Prince, 9-5:
Our Motto beat Conroy. 6-2.
Second round — Richard Anton beat Banre.
11-7; Troublesome beat Articulate. 10-0; Bells
Frf-e heat Mount Rose, 2S'16; Fair Trales beat
Our Motto. 6-0.
Third round — Troublesome beat Richard An
ton.-18-15; Fair Tralee a bye. Belle Free with
drawn.
Dfcidins course — Troublesome beat Fair
Trale«. 13-7.
The Plate— Rich Array a bye: Advertiser
beat Piker 7-5; Mickey Free beat Van Nora,
24-12; Ml Amiso beat Rapid Water, 25-10; Cu
hanola h«at Runaway Actress. S-4; Vikin* beat
Tralee Boy, 18-6; Boots beat Apple Blossom,
6-4: Joe Pasha beat Cloverdale, 0-5.
Second round — Advertiser beat Rich Array,
19-10; Mi Am!«jo beat Mickey Free. 12-3: Cu
bancla beat Viking. 0-1 ; Joe Pasha beat Boots,
13-S.
Third round— Mi Amiso a hve. Advertiser
withdrawn; Cubanola beat Jo* Pasha, 6-0.
Dectdinsf course — Cubanola beat Ml Amigo,
19-12.
»
TRALEE IjASS A WINNER.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 13.— The first gams
of the Southern California Winter
League was played here to-day. San
Diego and Santa Ana were the con
testants. The former won. Santa Ana
went to pieces In the sixth inning ard
San Diego made nine runs.- , Except for
that inning ' the play ' was
good. The batteries were Schmidt and
Gorton for San Diego, and Drinkwater
and Bries for Santa Ana; Score:^San
Diego, 10; Santa^Ana. 5. ._^\ v ,
Xlne Runs in One Inning.
Shell Mound Tistol and Kifle Club, monthly
bull?#ye shoot — D. Guild .05 W. W. Thompson
.08. N. J. Nielsen .10, A. Gray .27, R. Mackie
.-"><>, H. Kleinenbrolch .3?. P. Ramm .."2, Cap
tain L. Siebe .a.">. J. Coovey WJ7. T. Neuwirtn
.40. W. Guild .43Vi. I-- Siebe .44. T. Paulson
.41.!. E. J. Farlev .5O'.-i. O. Pmilsen .SO<4, <*.
Pries .52. C. Ott«n .57, A. Llebscher .50'i. W.
Paulsen .71. F. Mante SI. H. P. Nelson .84, A.
Skinner .91. D. Lorenzen .ftl, A. Thompson .92.
California Bred Greyhound,
Owned by G. Lacy Crawford
of St. Louis, Beats Big Field
COURSING COP
WON BY RECTOR
On a slippery field at the Presidio
Athletic Grounds the Independent As
sociation^ fi'Otball team of San Francis
co defeated the Oakland Hornets yes
terday 5 proals to 0. 1
/ The Hornets were weakene'd by the
absence of the captain. "Percy" Cham
bers, Harry Bird and Connolly! Shand,
MeKenzie, Smith and Erskine did
sood work in the forward line, but
the Independents' back line was too
strong for' the Hornets. Hunter and
Pomeroy were active on the half-back
line and Williamson defended the goal
well, flstinff or kicking out many dan
gerous shots. V;-
The ba!! was kicked off shortly after
2:30 p. m., the Hornets defending the
south goal. After a few minutes' play
the Independents had, a shot at the
Hornets 1 goal. Williamson fisted it
out, but a second shot passed him.
A minute before half time was called
the Independents scored a second goal.
Alm'ost immediately after the change
of ends the Independents put the ball
between the posts and before the call
of time scored two more goals. The
winning team showed much better com
bination work than the losers. . For the
winners the Fay brothers played their
usual strong game, and Mechels and
Owens did good work on the half-back
line- Arthur Robinson , was referee.
The linemen were Henry Roberts and
J. D. Robertson. A good crowd
watched the game and displayed much
enthusiasm. The teams lined up in
the following .positions:
Independents. Pos:tions. Oakland Hornets./
Forb-s. Goalkeeper ...... .X% »"*?««J
Lynch I»" hack. H'frrTn
Armstrong n\ght back. • • MeOfll
f , w< . n * IWt halfback Formroy
Mecbels C?nter halfback " u " t « r
McGran i Rlsht halfback McKay
Ru «,ell Outside left Watson
K Fay ! ! ! J ! ! ! . . . . inside left ............ Ersktne
A Uison Center forward .Shand
T Fav Inside rlpht McKenzI^
T ; xoian Outside right A. Smith
Oakland Eleven, Lacking Three
Brilliant Players, Lose Game
by Score of Five to Nothing
INDEPENDENTS
BEAT HORNETS
Firs: race — ?evtn furlongs; all ages; selling
"Crick Fowler <\V. Leahy) y2
ESmUy Oliver <Lonf? & Co.J Ill
5*36 'El Pl'.oto <\V. H. Hoas) 1<*5
5 €20 •lelephon* <R. A. HmHh> I frj
6443 Bill Marsi» <J. J. AIcAlester) 103
54iJ* 'Eiie <G. Lanka*. S3
'Pearl Uivcr (Henshall & Co.) KM
5133 'Anirad (Mrs. J. Coffey) t#
Second race— Five furlongs; maiden fillies;
two-ycar-olde: purse.
' 5537 Targette (J. S. Gibson).. 112
Negrusca (Baldwin & Co.) 112
r.373 Elizabeth E (Eppinger &. Co.) 107
T.373 Oarobum <B. Sr-ureiberi 112
.... Lady Atheling (Warren & Co.) 112
5444 Lady Belair (Saundors & Co.) 107
Wistaria (J. F. Schorr) 105*
84Ca Gottleiben «V»\ Fisher) 107
&42T Effervescence (Mrs. J. Coffey) 112
5403 Flonana Bell* (Miller & Co.) 107
Kentish Shrew (Lomasney Bros.) 112
?5C8 Boca (We'.ls & Berger) 112
Third race — One mile and seventy • yards;
thret-year-clds and up; selling.
M43 •Achilla* <McCabe & Co.) 96
R454 Expedient <P. E. Smith) 8S
61P7 Kickumbob (Wall & Co.) 102
f.4."7 I O U <C. W. Chappelle) «8
M37 Coupar (Burns & Holland)...... 101
*•¦"»• Donatcr (Mulholland & Co.) 102
M 43 • Plan (W. Fisher) 9:1
5443 Boutonniere (Johnson & Co.) «5
»Sue Johnson <S. Johnson) j»3
M34 *H. P. Ctne (Hutchinsoa &. Co.) 80
Fourth race — Seven furlongs; all ageg; Bell
ing.
r>447 IUowaho (XV. H. Ketcheman) 114
54.10 "Reeve* (Lemasney Bros) VK1
r/;«» # Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) 1«4
M45 "Alr>emarle (K. Tlerney) 104
•MIS Headwater lH. L. Jones & Co.) 100
r«J!» 'Diderot (J. P. Atkin) ltw
f.424 'Dorlce (B. Schreiber) KJ
fi424 'Sonr-nas (A. Josephs) 107
r.446 "Loyal S (V. Gilbert) 1U6
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; two
j-'ar-olds; pur»e.
6421 Darrin (B. Echreiber) 110
M15 Palua (A. Jonephs) 115
5.TS5 Dr. Biro>all (Blanch! & Co.) 107
(.V!67)Sol Smith (E. Slaughter) 115
C5427)F. E. Ehaw (V.'. B. Sink) 115
54.^3 MiE» Betty Fergu»jn) 112
Sixth race — One mile and -70 yards; three
jear-olds and upward: selling.
543S Pat MoiTiKsey (T. .XVellman) »k
T425 "Silurian (Lematncy Bros.) yvb
M29 "Silver Fizz <G. Lanka) ¦„!
5357 Orft-nock (J. Woods) 105
M4S •CambKceres (V. Gilbert): Iu5
.'.41» 'Galanthus (Mrs. J. Coffey) 97
R437 Preitolua (F. Devin) irj
KKW Quiet (H. E. Rowrll) UU
&412 Key Dare tf. C. Nealon) 1»8
•Apprentice allowance.
EXTKIFS FOR TO-DAY.
Racing commences at Ingletide track
to-day and Superintendent Fieldwick
has everything in readinesJ for the
sport on this side of the bay. Many
Eastern horses will be seen for the first
time and- an attractive programme has
been arranged for the week, including
two $1000 handicaps, one for Wednesday
and the other for Saturday. In addition
there will be a steeplechase handicap
over the short course.
The first race will be called each day
at 2 o'clock instead of 2:15, as at Oak
land. The track can be reached by
street cars from all parts of the city
ar.d a train will leave third and Town
ser.d streets at 1:15 o'clock, returning
immediately after the last race.
One of the improvements at Ingleside
is an automobile shed near the main
entrance. There is a walk leading from
it to the gate. Water can be obtained
there for the machines.
Jockey Tommy Burns has arrived
from Washington with his bride. The
clever rider was in gofd form on the
Eastern tracks and his presence in the
saddle here will be welcomed.
Barney Schrelber leads the owners in
the matter of winnings, his total being
$5161. Parker & Th.wa.ites arc second
on the list with $4320 and C. Young
third with J3S10. During the four weeks
nearly $70,000 was distributed by the
New California Jockey Club in stakes
and purses. The principal winners are:
B. Schre;t<?r. $5161; Parker & Thwaltes.
$4C2fl; C. Young. $3819; If. J. Daly. $3005: W.
n. Jenntnsrs. f2$A: Burns & Waterhouse, $2000;
T. O. F*-iguscn, $1024; James Curl, $1705: La
maen*: Bros.. $nx*i : \V. B. Sink Jr.. $U55; P.
Ryan, 51375; J. J. Me A I ester. $1455; J. F.
Newman. Jl^r.7: Milton Jones, $1240: \V.
Fisher. $;2L'.*.; \V. P. Magrane & Co.. $1175; F
XV. Do»s. $1150; V. Gilbert. $1025: Mrs. J. Cof
r«jr. SlOOft; H. Btovcr. C8Sl»9; A- Josephs. $830;
J. M. Cooper. $«m»; H. t. Rowell. $7t«: C. E.
Murray & Co.. $727 SO: G T. Henshall. $756;
Bianchl & McGovern, $723.
The Western Jockey Club has an
nounced the following racing dates:
Crescent City Jockey Club. January 1-March
12; New Louisiana Jockey Club. March 14-19;
Arkansas Jockey Club. March 21-2S: New
Memphis Jockey Club, March -S-April 20; Kin
loch Breeders' Association, April 15-May 2'J;
Tennessee Breeders' Association, April 21 -U0;
"Worth Jockey Club, April 27-May 20; New
Louisville Jockey Club. May 2-1S; Latonia
Jockey Club. May ly-June 11; Chicago Jockey
Club. May 21 -June ti; Harlem Jockey Club,
May 21 -June 17; Delmar Jockey Club. May 21-
June 10: Harlem Jockey Club, June 4-17; St.
Louis Fair Association, June 11-Sept. 3; Kan
cae City Jockey Club. June 13-July 4; Washing
ton Park Jockey Club. June IS-JulV 16; Chicago
Jockey Club. July 1S-30; Harlem Jockey Club.
August 1-13; Highland Park Club. August 6
tfeptember 3; Chicago Jockey Club, August 15
27: Harlem Jockey Club. Aujrust 29-September
32; I>elmar Jockey Oub. September 5-October
31; Chicago Jockey Club. September 13-24; Har
lem Jockey Club. September 26-October 3; Kan
feas City Jockey Club, October 1-29: Worth
Jockey Club. October 4-31; Latonia Jockey
Club. October 22-Noverr.ber i» ; Tennessee
Breeders' Association. October 19-November 2b-
Crescent City Jockey club November 24-De
cembtr 31.
Walter McCreery, who was Injured
last Sunday, witnessed the game from
the pavilion. He Is still on crutches
and looks slightly haggard.
Peter D. Martin has returned after a
long absence, bringing a large stable
of horses. He will be seen In future
games and in the hunts.
Notwithstanding- a misty rain, there
was a large attendance at the game,
Including many ladies.
The White!" caved themselves from a
whitewash on the Burlingame Country
Club polo ueld yesterday by a timely
shot in the last minute of play, which
gave them the first and only goal.
It was made by Lawrence McCreery,
who played a strong game throughout.
He was equalled in his back strokes by
John Lawscn, who made his first ap
pearance during the present season.
The Reds scored six goals and had tne
game pretty much their own way from
the beginning of the second period. In
the first period the Whites kept the
ball on their approach end of the field
almost continually. It was usually hov
ering about the goal, but could not be
driven through.-
In this perlo.! Mr. Carolan made a
magnificent play, catching the ball in
the air from a back stroke by Mc-
Creery and sending it hurling in tfee
other direction. He repeated the fnt
in the third period. In the second pe
riod Lawson, who was a Strong addi
tion to the Reds, drove the ball between
the posts at a distance of sixty yard3.
Just two minutes later Tom Driacell
scored at the other end of the BeM
Mr. Carolan beat this record by one
minute, with the assistance of his pony,
which kicked a goal for him.
The teams were: Reds — F. J. Caro
lan, J. O. Tobin Jr., T. A. Driscoll and
J. Lawson. Whites— R. M. Tobin.
Charles. Dunphy, C. R. Duval and Law
rence McCreery. Umpire— Harry Simp
kins.
Sk Louis Owner's Horses Have
Won Most Money Since the
Season Opened at Oakland
Mr. Cardan's Mount Kicks the
Ball Between the Goal Posts
in a Very Clever Manner
A POXY SCORES ONE POLYf
SCHREIBEK STABLE LEADS
Lawrence 3IcCrecry Saves the
Whites From Being: Shut Out
on the Burlingame Field
Bedoubtablc Tom Burns. With
Few Equals in the Saddle
as a Finisher, Keaclics Here
Captures the Special Yearly Prizes for the Highest Ten
Strings in the Germania, Golden Gate and
California Schuetzen Clubs.
RACING SHIFTS
TO INGLESIDE
POLO PLAYERS
IN FAST GAME
MARKSMAN GEHRET IS IN EXCELLENT FORM
ON THE RIFLE RANGE AT SHELL MOUND PARK
SPORTS OF THE TRACK THE COURSING FIELD AND GRIDIRON
THE SAN -FRANaSeOy CALL. -.-. MONnAY ,.; DECEMBER 14/1903.
Playing cards, pamc counters, poker
chips, dominoes, chess and checkers, in
elegant cases for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail £ Co., 7«1 Market street.
8TO SAIL.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' For. ¦ - ¦ &al13 -
; . MONDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Sun rises . ':.'. .:...•¦¦< -7:17
Sun sets ;..... .4 .52
Moon rises......-- ••• 3153 a - m -
S?:ra^d^ Ft;&!|Ft.|I!^.Ft,.
14 I- 1-16'- 1»!7:50i fi.»l'2:»4| 0.4 0-.19 ¦ 4.4
IK « : 0S -2.2 h 35 «0 3:25 0.0 10:l» 4.5
16 l-2 : 57 >"'5 fl:lHh«-« 4:10 0.4 11:11 r 4.6
37 3-40 27 10:001 5.9 4:52 — O.6 11:59 ,4.7
18 4 : *iT 2.9 10:40| R.K -5:,tl —0.7 ..... ;'....,
19 ¦ O-43 4.R 5:0$ 3.1 11 :47 , 5.7 .6:07 -f.,7 1
20 j 1 :25 < 4.9 a:49| 3,llll:5*f S.5 6:42—0.5
I NOTE:— Iiithe above 'exposition of ithe tides
1 the early, mornings tides are Riven in the left
hand column and- the succesulve. tides . of the
«1av In the ;order.«fj occurrence- as to time: the
fourth, time column* gives the 'last tide -ot the
day. (¦?"•¦-'¦¦ept- when :th*rr., are but three tiaes./ns
semetlmes occurs.' - The heights :g1veru. are: In
'nddltlcn'to the" soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey chart*," except; when a: minus (~)
m%n precedes 1 the heiKht," and then. the number
*l ven - Is - subtracted •« rrom \ th«- •> depth ' grl ven •: by
the chart •." .The plane of reference la the mean i
of, the lower low waters. . ¦-* • . ¦ . j
Sun, Moon nud Tide.
t~u~a oi»i»« roast and Geodetic . Survey —
TfmJ ? and Height of High and Low, Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
¦:BayV Published "by official authority of the
¦'¦'• Superintendent.' ...-. ¦ ';'
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Ml*3ion-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort. Point; the height
of tide / Is - the game at both places.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 14.
Iaqua......' Humboldt 8 am Pier 2
S Mon'f * ¦ ¦ Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier a
O.W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
S. Barbara. Seattle & Oiympla. 4 pm Pier &
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 8 pm Pier 1«
Reuondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
December is.
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Spokane.... Humboldt l:3UpPier 9
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coronado... Grays Harbpr 4 pm Pier li>
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
December 16.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Chlco...... Coqnllle River... .. « pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City 1 pm Pler,13
December 17.
Abydos..... Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
City PusWa Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier u
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pm Pier 20
State Oil... San Diego * Way. » am Pier 11
Kan Pedro.. Humboldt..-. 10 am Pier .'2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
December 13.
Pomona.... Humboldt ."........ l:30piPier •!>'
Nevadsn... Hono. & Kahulul. . 12 mlPier Zi
' December 19. . • ¦
Alameda... Honolulu .:........ U am Pier 7
Ran Jo«e..-. N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40 :
Columbia.. . AJtoria 4- Portland. 11 amlPier 24
Pt.Arena.. Humboldt ......... 4 pmiPler 2
Rival Wiliana Harbor 4 pmiPler 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. s» am Pier 11
December 20. I
Newburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pm Pier 10
December 31. !
North Fork. Humboldt ,. • 8 pm Pier. 20
December 22. •
Doric...... China & Japan I pm, Pier 40
Umatllla... puret Sound Ports. jtl am Pier 9
. ¦ December S3. I _¦
G.Lindauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
• December 84. - -
J Dollar... Seattle ft Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
SHANGHAI— Arrived D*£ 12— Schr M S
DclUr. from Fuget Sound. ' '
¦ • V ICTO Rl A— Arrived Dec 1 S^-H rB - M stmr
.F]ar«.. from .Baynes Sound, '. f or reoairs. - - .,
COMOX— Sailed Dec Vi— Ship Glory /of the
s*a*. for San Francisco.
RAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 13— Schr Caro
line, from Utnpo.ua; bktn Northwest and schr
Susie M Plumnur. from Ex-erett; bktn Quick
step and schr Manila, from Tacoma; schrs
Alcalde and Mabel Gray, from Eureka: schr
Lottie Bennett, from Blalne; stmr Scotia, from
Uowens Landing. ,
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Whlttler, for San Fran
clseo. /,
WHATCOM— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Mawee
mi, lienc* . ; »
TACOMA— Palled Dec 13— Stmr Leelanaw,
for San Francisco. *
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 13— Bark Coloma,
from Taooma; sciir Bertha Dolbeer, from Eu
reka. •"•¦*¦ ' .-¦¦¦;.¦¦'.¦
VENTURA— Arrived D«c ,13— Stmr Whit
tler, from San Pedro. .
BANDON — Sailed Deo . 13 — Stmr Chlco, for
San Francisco. ' -.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Rival,
fcr San Francisco."
TATOOSH — Passed In Dec 13— Schr C A
Thayer, from Grays Harbor, in to-w;tug Trav
eler; stmr Ja'Ties Dollar, .hence Dec 10, for
Seattle; echr Ludlow, from Han /Pedro, for
Blaln*. -'• . ' . w.: \
lVifJtd out Dec 13— Br -Jhip Chlltonford, from
Tacoma. for United Kingdom; stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Nanatmo, for Honolulu; «hlp
Glory of the Seas, from Coraox, for San Fran-
I'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 13— Schr
TV 1? Wit-teman, from San Pedrp.
Pa:--<*dtn Dec 13— Schr Balribridge, for Port
Blakeley. ¦ .:- - - • ¦¦-;-.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Aurella,*
hence Dec 10. V . . .
» Sailed Dec 13— Schr E B Jackson, for San
Francisco. . . . • , -. :
SAN DIKGO— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Bertha
Dol beer, -from : Ktireka. ¦• , •.- . ¦• . " . ; f;
¦ FOREIGN PORTS. ...
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 13, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NE, velocity 16 miles per hour.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. "
Sunday, December 13.
Stmr Bcnita, Glelow, «0 houra from New-
P °Stmr Spokan«, Jensen. 20 hours from Eu-
Stmr Centennial, Strand, S2 hours Jrom 8e-
Btmr Del Kort*. . Oreen, 36 hours from Cres-
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, 14 houn from
glir.r Sequoia, Thompson, S2 hours from
Grajs Harbor. • • ¦
Kimr Aberdeen, Daniels, C9 hours from Az
toria.
8lmi' Santa Monica, Olaen, 49 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Centralla, Ericsson, 71 hours from
c,ra>B Harbor; bound lor Ban Pedro; put in to
land passenger*.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 41 hours from R«
dondo.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 31 hours from San
Pedro.
Ktmr Newsboy, Artier. 1« hours from Albion.
¦ Baik Coryphene, Schildrop, 8 days from As
toria. % •
Schr Miry C, Campbell, 6 hours from Point
Reyes. . .
SAILED.
Saturday, December 12.
Stmr Xorth Fork, Nelson, Eureka. • '
Sunday, December IS.
Rtmr 6»nta Ross. • Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr National City, Dammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay.
fiirar Centralla, Ericsson, San Pedro.
Br ship Kyber. Rothery, Chemainus.
Br »hii> Eurasia, Hughes. Queenstown.
Br ship Crown of Denmark, Mllman, Port
Townsend. . *
Br ship Afon Alaw, Davis, Sydney.
fichr Ida A, Beck, Point Reyes. ..
Scfcr Mary E Rust, Nyraan, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
Xeradan Is Dne.
THe American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's steamer Xevadan is due to-day from
Honolulu.
Argyle Arrives.
Tfce oil steamer Argyle arrived in port yes
terday, eight days and nine hours from Hono
lulu. She came In ballast. -
The transport Sherman Ib du« to-day from the
Philippines. She brings the TliirtlHh Infantry
and also two companies of engineers.
Shermau J>ue To-Day.
The following vessels are on the reinsurance
list: Flfeshire. from Manila to New Caledo
nia. 129 days. 65 per cent; Paris, from Htm
fcurgr to Honolulu. 216 day*. "0 per cent; TaJca,
from Liverpool to Iquique. 156 days. 30 per
cent; Mlchele Blancbi. from Table Bay to New
castle. 84 days, 10 per cent; Ollvebank, from
Shanghai to Royal Roads. 55 days. 10 p«r cent;
L* Bn-.yere. from Tyne to Port Los Angeles,
210 days, 15 per cent. ¦'
Xews of the Orerdues.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Eureka Humboldt IDec. 14
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Dec. 14
Edith Seattle Dec. 14
State of Cal. . . San Diego & Way Porte Dec. 14
Nevadan Honolulu ...\ Dec. 34
Chico Coqullle River Dec. 14
S. Barbara San Pedro Dec. 14
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... .Dec. 14
Chehalis.......j s&n Pedro ...r.r.i.r... Dec. 15-
Arctic jHumbolUt-. Dec. 15
Phoenix Mendocino Dee. 15
Coronado San Pedro Dec. 15
Serbia Hamburg & Way Ports. | Dec. 15
Alameda Honolulu Dee. 15
Coos Bay. ..... Han Podro * Way Ports. Dec. 1H
Harracouta. . . j xe, W . Yprk via. Manama. JDec.-ia
Columbia Portland Jfc Astoria |D«c. 18
K» v »» W'Mlapa Harbor Dec. 18
Pomona Humboldt IDec. 1«
Newburr. . ; . . Grays Harbor Dec. 17
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pte. Dec. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. i(
Czarina Coos Bay Dec 18
Umatllla Pupt Sound Ports Dec 18
G. I,indflu»r.. Portland & A«toria..,.. Dec. IS
North Fork... Humboldt Dec 18
J. Dollar Seattle «* Tacoma ; Dee! 20
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 20
« lc "a Sydney & Way Ports.. Deo. 21
N. Maru .. China & Japan.. ....... Dec. 21
Oanta. China & Japan Dec. 21
?*w*»iV" £ eattl « *= Whatcom.... Dec. 21
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Dee. 23
Q uee n I Puget Sound Ports Dec, 23
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Dec. 13:— James
Cheney, said to be the wealthiest man
in Indiana, his fortune estimated at
J25,O00,0O0, died to-day, aged S6 years.
He was associated with Jay Gould.
Indiana's Rich Man Is No More.
Los Angeles ladies will have plenty of
time to r^ad the new Hearst paper there.
Nearly all of them cook by gas. We sell
ranges. S. F. Gas & Elec. Co., 415 Post.*
Four Britleh ships put out to sea yesterday
almost simultaneously.. They were the fCrown
of Denmark. In ballast,*' Captain Mllman, bound
for Port Townsend: the Afon AIaw s in ballast,
Captain "Davis, bound for 8ydney; the Khyber,
in ballast. Captain Rotbery. bound for Che
mainus, and the Eurasia, Captain Hughes,
loaded with wheat for the United Kingdom.
Fonr Ships Go to Sea.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of: Steamers.
The little tur Izalco tried to go to sea yes
terday, but as she approached the bar she- found
the white cape rolling high and came back to
anchorage In the harbor. The Iztjeo was for?
merly the tug Hiawatha. Recently the was
purchased by E. Mejia, who intends to employ
her as a *ort of tender at'AcaJutla. She Is In
command of that experienced seaman. Captain
Miller, who has with him a'crew of four men,
composed of George F. White, mate; M. Shan
non, chief engineer; B. H. Cufhing, assistant
engineer, and Michael McGlnnls, cook and gen
eral utility man. She carries ten tons of coal.
Kn route to h«r port of destination she will
call at San Diego. Mjizatlan and Acapulco for
supplies. She is only nine tons burden. If the
bar is moderate to-day the little craft will jro
out Into the briny and point her bow for south
ern chores.
Tug Finds Bar Too Rough.
• UZAKD — Passed £>ec 13-»-8tmr N«kar, from
New York, for Bremen; s^mr Finland, -for Ant
werp. * ' . ¦ ¦ ¦¦;•.- ¦:' •';' ': r .'' ' • • ' -. •
¦ NKW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— .Stmr^ New
York, Xrom Southarnpton." 1 '.¦ ' '¦.-¦' ' - -•-::<
LIVERPOOL— r?ailea Dec 13— Btmr Buenos
Ayrpan,.for St Johns, : N; F. '' : " : ? *
ROTTERDAM— Salt?<l,D*c 13— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New Yrirli, .vja Boulogne. • ;
MOVJl.LK— galled Dep. 13— Stmr Anchorla,
from Ulacgow. for> Sew York.. . - . .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed. D«c . lir^Stmr Lu
canla. from Liverpool, for N«w YorV.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed D*c l*-^Strar Zee
land, from Antwerp, for New York.
OCEAN. STJEA MERS.
: -We are selling agents for , fountain
pens that will fit your hand. Cost from
JJ.00 to 35.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. - ¦ : ; •'
London Market Is Qnlet.
LOXDOX. Dec. 13. — The stock
market last week continued very sen
sitive to the Far Eastern situation,
and was strongly affected by the vary
ing reports of the probabilities of
peace or war between Russia and
Japan. On the whole the tendency,
however, of the market continues up
ward, and the greatest revival in busi
ness was witnessed in Argentine and
American railroad securities. The
latter, however, moved irregularly,
being kept back by the weakness in
steel bonds. The market generally,
however, is quiet and no great.acces
sion to business is expected until the
new year.
'MADRID, Dec. 13.— Spain will not
participate In the St. Louis Exposi
tion. This decision was reached at a
Cabinet council, the reason, given: be
ing:, that there would, riot ; be • sufficient
time to complete preparations.
Spain Disappoints St. Louis.
PORTLAND, Dec. lS.^With a clear
track and a right of way" across all
America a special train sent- out 1 by
order of E. H. Harriman raced from
New : York to Portland in eighty-five
hours to bring Robert L. Gerry and a
special physician to the bedside of
Peter Gerry." ;
' The sick man is the son of Elbridge
T. Gerry., the, millionaire philanthro
pist of New York, arid was a member
of the- Harriman' party on its tour
through the West. He Is in the hos
pital here with typhoid fever and if
convalescent. His father originally
intended to come on the special, but
at the last moment decided to/i com<£
the next day with his wife and daugh
ters onl a second special... _....„..
: ; Young; Gerry's improved condition
made this unnecessary. Mr. Harri
man left for the East this morning as
soon as the Gerry, special got in. .'No
particular Effort was .made to break
the transcontinental- record, but the
train with two passengers' made the
fastest time ever made between Port
land and Xew York.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Continuing Colonel Wright said:
"Capital charges to the consumer the
depreciation of property and machin
ery. Why should not the depreciation
of labor's machinery. Its hands, its
brains, its body, be included in the final
cost?"
"England," said Colonel Wright, "has
taken up this question, and we of the
United States are steadily approach
ing it."
These words were contained in an ad
dress u?on "The Wage Question" made
to-day by Carroll D. Wright, United
States Commissioner of Labor, before
the Society of Ethical Culture of this
city. Of scarcely less interest, than his
prediction of a new labor system was
Colonel Wright's approval of a plan to
insure labor against incapacity result
ing from accident,, illness or advanced
age. The German idea was quoted, un
der which the employer pays one-fourth
the cost of a sick and death benefit
policy, the employe one-fourth and the
Government one-half.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 13.— 'The wage
system will pass away. In its stead, I
believe, there will come a system which
will be composed of the profit-sharing
and the co-operation ideas. The great
labor question means the struggle*' of
humanity for a higher standard of life.
The employer must consider his em
ploye, as well as the stockholder, as an
investor."
Some time since suggestions were
made to give her the advantage of
modern improvements, but the Gov
ernment had no- funds to be applied in
that channel, and the State thought
«he was well enough' off as ; she was.
Colonel. G. W. Bauer and Lieutenant
Schilling, however, decided that im
provements were necessary, so at their
own expense 'they are; trying to, make
her interior "up to date." Electric
lights are being installed all tnrougt}
the shiD, two, broad companion ways
have been. put up, five new hardwood
lockers have been built in' the fore
castle, and altogether she presents. a
thoroughly inviting appearance. # The
officers in command are now >con
templating putting in a fine new hard-:
wood deck, but have not yet come to
a conclusion. .
The old sloop-of-war Marion, which
is now used as a training ship, is being
(modernized — that is, so far as her inte
rior is concerned. She is lying alongside
; of Harrison-street dock, where ehe has
: been for several -months past. A long
time ago she had outlived her useful
ness in Uncle Sam's navy as a fighting
craft and in 1897 she .was turned over
| to the Governor of California to be used
in the interests of the naval reserve of
this State.
¦ She cannot go out to sea, as her,boil
| ers are in bad shape, so she is tied up
! alongside the dock, and there fulfills
: the requirements that are expected
; of her.
Flier Ordered by President
. Harriman Because of a Young
Man' s Illness Completes Run
Official Indorses German Man
ner of Insuring Employes
Against Sickness and Death
¦ f
Little Tug' Maltes an Attempt
to Steam to .Southern Ports,
but Big Seas Send Her Back
SUGGESTS CO-OPERATION
IZALCO FINDS BAR ROUGH
CLEAR TRACK OUT WEST
Special From ; Sew York-, to
the Oregon Metropolis Up
sets All Old Achievements
Old Sloop-of-War 3Iarion, Now
Used by Xaval Reserve, Is
Having Her Interior Refitted
United States Commissioner
Wright Says End of Wage
Method Is Xot Far Distant
TRAINING SHIP
IS MODERNIZED
SUGGESTS NEW
LABOR SYSTEM
GERRY TRAIN
MIKES RECORD
TH Ev SAN FRANCISCO CAhU MONDAY DECEMBER!!, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUTJSEIilElfTS.
The Weekly Calli 16 Pages, $1 a Year,
A T £~\ A T A T\ Bclaseo * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ut^..
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. EAT. AND SUN,
The Great Amerlcsn Play.
THE GIRL I LEFT
* BEHIND ME.
BLUE JEANS
N:xt Monday— Blf; Holiday Production,
By David Belasco and Franhiln Fy!e».
'•The AIc-az«r is to Ean Francisco what the
Kmpire Is to New Tork."— The NewB Letter.
Erics.. 25e to 75c; Mats Eat. & San., 15c to SOc.
The brass band. The pet bull. The barbe-
ru». The buxcsaic sensation.
CENTRALS
Market St.. Near Eighth. "Phone < South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND.SUXDAT.
The Greatest • of All Border Dramas.
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
ThriMine; Incidents! .Powerful Climaxes! Mag-
' r.iflceat Scenery! Pp!en<JI<J Comedy! :
Superb Oast'. " \
PPIfCC Evenlns*..' .........10c to r.Oc
IR1VC J MaUneee 1 Cr, 15c. 25c
0 Cllritlmas Week. December 21. . ' .
"ALPHONSE AND GASTONV
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
DON'T FAIL TO
see the beautiful
COURT Lounging
room, tha EMPIRE
PARLOR, the
PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-
DIES* WRITING
ROOM.
S61 Market. 1419 PclV. 1819 Devisad-ro.
210 Grant av. 70S I.arkln. 3006 filxteentb.
140 Sixth. 475 Halght. j 621 Montg'y av.
355 Hayec. 251« Mifs-ion. 3283 Mission.
14« Ninth. 52 Market. R6« Third. .
2008 Fillniore. 2732 24th. ¦ 46» Fourth.
Real Easy^Tg
Save lots of «
Everything that's
Beautiful
China ware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
tGet our prices •
Great Americas Im^ri'm- dm
Tea Co. **¦
1G0 Stores P
Thafa the Reason. J
AUCTION SALES
ATJCTIOIT 8AZ.S
f f Christmas gift*. 1 handsome donkey cart
and harness, 2 pinto ponies, i stylish surrles.
12 bus;giej>. 7 wagons. 43 hcrses. .40 sets of
harness. Must be old.
Tuesday. Dec. 15. 11 ft. m.. at
I 1140 rolsom St.
iTN.^^ AUCTION SALE OF HORSES ANT>
¦*^ MA.RE3. WEDNESDAY !><»«•. 18. i»t
11 t. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, tt
SIXTH ST. Forty-five horses and maresj
Every horse must be is represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TBAVELw
I — [^^^pj
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at f »:;:<> a. m., thrcujH la 3 days,
with diner and all trappinra.
Other Santa re Trains:
7:St»a. m. 1 frr gtocktert. Fresno. Eak»rsrl4ji.
* : f° a - m - f Merced. Hantord aad Visalla.
*5:w p. m. f
4:00 p. m. fcr Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas Ctty. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE— 641 Market St.. aai
Ferry Depot, s. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oafcland. Cal.
SOUTHERN PAcFfIC
¦.'* r-*ln» leave and srvdae to arrive as
AAX FKANClseo.
OUla Llae. Foot of Market Street > *— '
uttc — From Xov»JtB«n'£{. 1W8. — a»»,it»~
7X0a VaeaTlil?. Winter*. Ru-nsey 7 Sap
7 8Ui Boiticta. Suiiaa. Elinira aad 3tcr»-
mento ....... 7-2Sr
7.30* Ta'.IeJo, N*p«, CalUtogit, Saata
Koia. MwUa'S, 3»a Raracra S-2SF
7-30» "N'tlei. LlTcrmore., Tracy, Litbrov.
8tock:on 7-2ir
100 a Shasta Express— (VI* D«,v1i>.
Wllilam* (for Cartlett Spring*),
Willows. tFrata. Ite.-t BluS.
PortlAad. Tseomk. S*«tt!« 7 53 e
" 8 80* Dn!i.ffxiil!»crt, Kn:;a:i Uaiioj,
Marys-rlllo. OroTtlie 7.5S»
8 30a Port Costs. Martinez. Aottoch,
B7ro», Trtcr. Stoclctoa, Jfe-w-
maa, Lo» Uaoos. M • n d o t a>
Armana. Eanfurtt, Via*ltv
PorMrTllle 4.2S*
8-30* Port Costa. Martlcex. Tr«cy. Lsth- •¦*.-'+'¦
ror>. Modesto. Merced Frctno.
<.o»aen Jaact!oo. Haaford.
Vltalla. TUkerc-Seid « 53F
9-SQa Ntle«, San Jom, Llvcrmore. Stoc><-
ton, (tMIltoa). lose. Sacramento,
- ' PlaetrvtU*. M»rr»7!*!e. Caico.
Red Bluff 423?
8-30* Oakdala. Chlaase, James^wn. So-
nor*. Tno'.-jmne and Ange!» 4 23?
900a AtlABtleEsprasi — Optlcaind E«it. 11.25*.
850* Rlebmoed. ilar:!aei aod Way
9call«as 8 53-f
1000a The Overland Limited — Og*iea.
Don»er, Omaha, Chicago. 8 23f
1000*. Vallejo- 122iP
10-00* Los Anreles Pasieoger — Port
Coata, Mtrttnes. Brroa. Tnicr.
; iAtarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion, Haaford, Lerr.nor*-. Vtsslla.
¦B»ter»aeid. Lo« *a;«'e< 7Z3P
ir.DOn Hay ward. Slles and Way Station*. S-ZS*
fiJJO? Sacramento RlT«r Steamers. tii.00*-
SJOr Bentcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Weodlaad, Knig!>rt Laadlar.
MurnvKle, OtotU1« and way
¦Utloaa '2??*
SMir UsywanJ.SHesandWay Suttoas.. 7 55*
|.30r Port Costa, .llarcaex. Bjron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25*
|.30p Martlnex. Tracy. Stockwn. Lodl... 10 25*
4 COr Martlaex,S«n Rittnoa.Vallejo,*5t?a,
Callitoea. Sanu Rusa. 9 25*
MXtOr KKes, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4 2Sp
4 30r Bsyward. Nlles. Irrlnzton. Saa I t8.55*.
Jose. Llverasore I tli.SS*
B-COf The Owl I.Imlied— Newm>a. Los
Banos. Mendota. Freino. Tulare.
BakeraSeld. Los Annies .., 8.55*
6.C0r PartCoiU. Tracy, Stockton 1225c
t5 30p Hayward, Nlles aod Saa Jose i 25*
B.OQr Hayw*rd.KUes and 6aa. Jose 9 bi»
BJQQr Eastern Eipre»»— Oydea. Dearer.
Omaba, S:. I.oa's. CSl-sjs sal
- E»«t. Port Coata. Deoicla. Sul-
ana. Elmlrn, Davla. Sacraanenca,
. Ilortlln. Auburn. Colfaz,
Tntekee. Boca. Reio, Wa4»-
worth. Wiaaemucca . 5-29*
C.SOf Tallelo, daily, except Sunday... , ( 7 K -_
7.00r Vallejo, 8nnd*y oaly w f /0JF
7.00p Klcbmnnd. Saa PaMo. Port Cosis,
Martinei and Way Stations 11.25a
t-CSr Oregon A CallfornU Eipr«**— S»c-
raaedto, Marynvlile. Reddintr.
Portland. Paset Soaad «sd Ea«C. 8 55*
i.t Of Bayward. N ties and Saa Joss <Saa-
dayonly) 11-55*
COAST LINE CUrra* tiaage).
(Foot ot Market Street.) _ -
' 1.1&A Kewark, CeoterTlUe. Bam Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek. 8anU
Cras and Way SUtlona 5-53»
ft .Mr Kewark. CenterrUle. Saa Joae.
New Almadea.Los Cito*,Te:ton.
Boulder Cr>ek. Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Station* tlO 55*
4.16> Newark. Saa Jo«e, LotUaU)s aa4 I t« 55 *
way ititlon ) UQ 55*
C9-30P Boater* Trala, Salnrday only. Saa
Jose tad Way Stattoas. Return-
Ine from I.a* Qatos Snartay onlr. 17 2S»
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN > »: AN CISCO, Foot of Market at. (Silpn
-t::13 »:0O 11:00 a.J«. 1.00 3 00 5.15 F.M.
from OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t*:0l> JS:«
1t:C3 10:00*.lt. 12QQ 200 4C0 f-K.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaaict).
ty<rnlrd and lowasend Street*.)
8.10* Ban Jose and Way Stattoas 630»"
- 7.00* San Jo«e and W«y Station* 5.38r
8 00* K«w Almadea ( Tuei., Frld., on'r », 4-ia#
800* CoutLine Limited — Stopson!y£aa
Joae, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lister). Pajaro. CMtroTnie. ?»-
Itna*. S»b Ardo. Ptut> Robles,
6tntiM*rg»rl:*,SaaLaliOb!ip«t,
Principal atatloat thence Sart »
(conaeetioa for Lompoc) print i-
*al ttatlons theses Saata Bsi-
bara and Le* ADgele*. Coaa*e>
t'on at Ciitrortlle to aad from
Monterey aad Paeifle OroTe..... HUr
I.Nl San Jose. Trei Finos. Capitola.
' 8aataCraz,Pactfle(iroTe.SallBaa> f-*;J? 1 -.
Saa Lnls Oblapo and Prlscipai
Way Stations 4-19**
10-30* Stn Joia aad Way sutloo*. 1.207
11-30* Santa Clara. San Joae. Lo* Gstu -
. _. aad Way Station* 7J0
1-30r San Joae and Way Stations 8 3S>
i.DQr pacific GroTeEzpreis—SantaClarsi
Eaa Jo«e, Del Moate, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (conn»cts at Saata
Clara for Santa Cms. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Ganca Polau>
•t Gllroy for Holllster, Trei
Plaos. at CastrnTlUe for Salts**. 1215»
3-30r Tres Pino* W*y Paa*en;er 110-45*
t4 4er ban Jute. (tU Santa Clara) Lo*
Uatoa. aad Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) tS-12*
55 ZCr EaBjoeand Principal TV»y stations t8-0a*
. 6-tCr bamct Limited.— KedwocA. Saa
Jote,G!!roy.SaIlaaa,Paso Koblea.
Eaa Luis Oblipo. Smta Barbara,
Lo* Aocele*. IJemias. El Pat«.
K*w Orleans. Kew Tork. Cob-
oecti «t Pajaro fnr Saata Cras
and at Cattrottiin for Pacific
GroT* aad Way Statloo* 7.10a
1S.16> EanMateo.Bereaford,Be;moat.8asi
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MealoPark. Palo Alto ?9.48*
t.20r Saa Joie ana Way Statioas ... 8.3&*
11. 3Qi* South <aa Francisco. Mil-brae. Bur-
llasame. San Mateo, Belmonr,
feaa Carlos. Redwood, F»!r Oaks, .
I Meaia Part «nd Palo Alto...... 9.43r
a11.30i* Mayfleld, Moontaln View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
Saa Jose.. t9-45>
A for Morntaz. P for Aftcmooa
)8oaday only.
< Eiop* at all tutfeas oa Ssaday.
¦tSnnday excepted. a Satarday oaly.
GT~un:y train* tiojpin j at Valencia St. lonthbovsii
are «:10 *.«., ;:C«*.m., ll:3O*.Jt.,>:3Or.x.and (cSOr.M.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gangs Electric—
Depart from San Franclsctf Dally — 7:00, $:<X\
U-OO 10:00, <11:UU a. ra.. 13:20. 1:45. 3:13. 4:13.
8:16, 6:15. 1:00. 8:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN KAKAELTOSAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. 6=33. 7:40. 8:35, 8:35, 11:00 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:53. 3:45, 4:15, 5:io. 6:44.
S:»3. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally— 5:*5. 6:55. 7:52. 8:53. 0:3*,
11-.2U a. m.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 3:03. 8:05. .
T-05. »:00. 10:35 t». m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
9 :GO a.' m. ' dally — Cazadero 'and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedj— •
Tomales and way stations.
3:13 p. m.- Satarday* — Casadero and way na-
tions. . . -
* "Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way stations. •
TICKET OFFICE— CtC Market -t.
FERRY— Union "Depot, foot of Market St.;
, - ADVEaTISEJtENTS. - ,/
Mary (minor), 16' Broderick
St., S. F:... 202 24
Total S2S.4S1 5*
State of California. City and County of
San Francisco^— ss. '
'- .1 do solemnly swear that I have a per-
sonal knowledge- of the matters contained
in the foregoing statement, and that
every; allegation, statement, matter and
thing therein contained is true, to tho
best of my knowledge and belief. -
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 7th day of December. 1903 .
GEO. T. ICNOX. Notary Public.
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of "California. \
. OCEAN TRAVEL.
s&\<C c5iv Steamers lear» San Kran-
/fJBA— <fiX dscaw as follo-ws:
firvL^^ \«A r "°r Ketchikan. Wrang^I.
m/WStSfgt \A Juneau. Haines. Slcaguay.
I I \^ia I I «t c - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec.
1 I VB83$k} .1 2. f. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2L
»y \\. Chang« to company's steam-
Y&v**^^y «r» at Seattle.
r^£fSVfi>^ y <> r Victoria, Vanconver.
. t-r*~— Port Townaend, Seattle. Ta- [
coma..' Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Dee. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Changs at Seattt» t»
this company's steamers for Alaska and Q. N*.
Ry.: at Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30 1
p. in., Dec, 6, 12, 18. 24, 30. .Ian. 3: Corona.
1:30 p. m., Dec. 3, ». IS. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
: For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Bedor.do). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Etate ot California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via, San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro), ganta Barbara, Sar.ta Cruz. 3Jcn-
terev Sao Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis *Obtspo) Ventura and Huen»m«.
Ceos Bay, 9 a. m.. Dee. S. 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonlta. 0 a. m. Dec. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan. 1*1
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia! Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Ttb of each
month. ..
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is. reserved to change steamers or sail-
lnir dates.
TICKET OyyiCES— 4 New fJontgora-
«ry street (Palace H^tel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight offlee. 10 Market street.
C. ». DUN ANN. Genera) Passenger A?*nt,
10 Market street. San Francisco*
O. /?. 6t N. CO,
I "Cclnmbia" «ail» Dw. 19. 29. J«n. S. IS,
2S Feb. v 7 and IT. -. "aeorg* W. Elder" sails
Dec. 14. 24th. -Jan^'3. 13. 23. Feb. 2 and 13.
Only steamship One to POnTLAXD. OR., and
short - rail line- from ¦ Portland . to all pclnts
East. Throogb tickets to all points, all rail
cr steamship .and rail, at LOWE8T RATKS.
Steamer tleketa include berth and meals.
Steamer ssilrs- foot of -Spear st. at 11 a. m. S.
F. BOOTH. Gen.'Afrt. Pass. D«pt., 1 Mont-
gomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. «
1 TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
*. (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
¦ Bt earners: will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 d. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calllna; at * KoM (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila;
Wednesday, December SO, 19C8
S. 6. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 23. 1304
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February IT. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. . For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market streets, corner First.
W. H- AVERY. General Agent.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. "Dec.19. 11 a.m.
S* S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
'lsnd and Sydney, Thursday, Dec 31, 2 p. m.
S. 9. MARIPOSA. fsr Tahiti, Jan. 6, 1DW,
11 a. m. y .
4JLsrsocnjft ssfli.es.. Jcsts..TSrtitomB8.i43 iiitsia
M^!S9ktS21 brbttt.nvh. 7.PinfisSL
COMPAGNIE GEKESAL5 THAN3ATL1MTI3J2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. >^w
Sailing every Thursday instead of 4<K Cafe
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. nJrHtgy
North River, foot of Morton street,
i First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre,' 5 15 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Buildtnc;),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and yallajo Staamwi.
Steamer Gen. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
fl:45 a. «x>.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. if... S:3O p. m. Leave Vailejii.
7 a. m., 1-:W and 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. in. Fare, SO cents. ' Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-*., dock. HATCH
BROS. -
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
XjHJSSHJH
SAN FRANCISCO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
KA1LWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa. rerry. root of Market Stxart.
SABT POAIT CISCO TO BAK BA7AZL.
AVKEK UAYcJ — 7:3l>, 8:0O. H:0O a. m. ; l". p :;*a.
3:30. 5:10. 4:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays— Extra, trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:S0, 5:00, 0:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEi; TO SAN TBAHCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6;33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:33.5:05. 6:25 p. m." .
Leave- I In Effect J Arrive
Ean Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. (San Fraaclsco.
Week J Sun- I Destina- I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. ( tlon. | days. ( Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ¦ ' 9:10 a S:40a
9:3Oa Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10 :2O a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:C5 p 6:20 V
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 9:S0a Petaluma «:0.r. p 6:20 p
6:10 p .V.Srtp and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.'
7:30 s! - 10:40 a 10:20 a
18:00a Fulton. 7:35p «:20p
1:30 p| 3:80 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbuzr. 10:40 a 10:10 a
Lytton. -
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. * -¦¦• -.
7:30 al 8:00 at Hopland 110:40 a[10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 pf and Uklah. |7:33p|C:2Op
7:30 a| 8:00 at Wlllits. | T:33p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevilie. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0rtal Sonoma. { 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p[ 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pf «:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| SebastopoL |7:33p|8:20p
STAGES connect at .Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark We*t
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Clov-rrtale for
.the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vlcby
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blu* Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Wlttet .Springs. '-Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly-s.
Bucknell'e. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Steven*. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
•Westport.' Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
"Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
¦vllle. ¦ Cummlngs. . Bell's Spring*, Harris. .Oi-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervtlls. Peppertvood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticktta at re-
duced rate*.
On, Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea. * -•
Ticket office, 620 Market street. ChronlcU
bulldtng." * .
H. C. WHITING. ' R. X. RYAN.
- ¦-.. Oen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mi*. Tamalpais Railway
• . • Leave . , Ti» Suiliw Firrj ; ; .Arrive
San Frandxo tm\ tt Kirtt It San Frandaco
Week Sun- - ,'^BSL^' Ssn- I Week
Days, days day^ Day?.
•)H3i»8:OO* fmSieHilmS^ 18:O5p10:40|
•1:46? 9:OOa W& l;35p 3:Bi>p
SilOp 1O:OOa S^te^m^lr >:50p 5:5Op
11:OOa 4:ftOr 9:S0r
«... l:45p TB&iy S:59r ;
-..^.. -3:15p ¦ .^BT' 7:50p ...„»
- *Cmtd with ttip fcr ' * Kit iMi Tjlhy hf
nCUT J 6"» Maxkkt ST^(North Shore Railroad)
•RISK I and Savsauto Fkrkv, Foot Market St.
In , accordance, with the foregoing the
following statement is submitted,- as ap--
pears from our books at close of busi-
ness on the 1st Day of December, A. D.
1903, to wit:
Name and Address — Amount.
" Aguiar. Laura G., 417 Pacific .. - *-
st., s: f .:.:.:...... : $116 s<
AnderBon. Bernhard. Korth Pa-
cific Hotel, cor. Jackson and
Drumm sts., 8. F 335 76
Barrett. Milton, Bodie, Cal 3S8 48
Bittencurte/ -Manuel de 8.. 418
Drumm st., S. F 53 59
Brady. P. F., S. F.. Cal 281 09
Bryson, Mary, 223 Beale st,
S. F 114 50
Buckley, Christopher A., 235
¦Kearny st., 8. F.. .....:.... 52 91
Buckley, Michael, Mendocino.
.Cal 324 14
Burke. Ann. 223 Sixth St., S. F. 57 50
Callahan. Jerry, Western Ho-
tel, Broadway, S. F 63 24
Cardenos, Jennie, Menlo Park,
San Mateo County. Cal 54 SS
Casey.- Eliza, 567 Minna St.,
S. F S3 50
Cavanagh. John, 744 Mission •
St.. S. F 1,228 61
Clark, Bridget, San Francisco,
Cal. 52 56
Connon. George, 144 Eleventh
«t. r S. F. 52 J.1
Corbett, Richard. Tucson. A. T. 5,648 62
Curley, Margaret, Agnews ¦
Asylum. Santa Clara Co.,
Cal::...: ......: 152 1«
Daly, Bridget A.. 8an Francis- .
i co, Cal - 54 71
Daly. 'Maria, San Francisco,
Cal.i.... - ;.......;... 71 39
Delaney, Stephen, San Fran-
cJ*co, Cal.T:.-.:. ,;V: .V; :'.. . . ' . 206 41
Donahue. J. Mervyri, Sari* Ra-' v "
fael. Cal......... ..... 1,034 89
Donovan, John, 413 Stevenson •
St., S. F. .........;....'.,;.. , 560 31
Dugan. John . S,V Helena. Mont:. 584 26
Dunsford. John, Howard st.j
bet. Fifth and Sixth. 8. F. . . 60 09
Edwards. Thomas M.. San Ma-
teo. Cal. ..... 77 91
Ericson, August,- 228 Pacific St., - •-¦
S, F. .:...-.-...^ ........ v..».« 142 83
Foster, ' James W.; care Frank
O'Neall. Wickham. Newcas-
tle, N. S.W., Australia..... 185 44
Frodsham, Charles, or Mrn. '
Charles Frodsham, ' 1815
Powell st., S. F 5185
Gainey, Elizabeth M., 141
Fourth St.. S. F 57 98
Graham. James, Truckee. Cal.. 411 33
Griffln. Mrs. Hannah, 3 Larkin
¦t.. S. F. 167 89
Herod. George, 32 Second St., !
S. F 65 31
Hession, Patrick, 16 Natoma
St., 8. F... 1,275 65
Hig-gins, Owen C. Lime Point, • j
Cal........ 167 27
Hojjan. Thomas, steamer "Peli-
can". ........ 122 24
Hume, Henry, 260 Minna st.,
8 F.... .................... 7S0 68
Ingemanson, Jons, 238 Steuart
St.. S. F... 84 31
Justi. Libbie. 1003 Valencia st.,
S. F -- 52 11
Kane, Michael, 752 Railroad
av«.. Alameda, Cal.. 58 54'
Kuster, Anna B.. Brooklyn, Cal. 594 71
Lally. Delia, 55 Bryant st,
S. F.. ....... 335 03
Lawlor. Thomas, American
Exchange Hotel. S. F.. 694 24
Lovinburg. Harriett, 20 Russ
St., S. F, 474 09
Lynch. Cornelius, 928 i — Fif-
teenth St.. S. F , . . . 79 31
Manchen, Ella, 318 Kearny St.,
S..F... 247 93
Manning, John F., 1006 Nato- .
ma st. 8; F. \ .......... 51 27
Matthews. John, Wide way.
East Berkeley. Cal 204 57
Mellor, , Henrv, 23 Natoma St., .
S. F....... . .179 80
Mul'r. Mary or David, San
Jose. Cal. ....... .,,;.:.... 59 07
Mulholland, James. Fourth and
Townsend sts.. S. F 1,234 34
Murphy, Thomas. Portland. Or. 1,082 07
McCauley. Henry, Egan Can-
¦ yon, Xev. .*. . v. :: .- 58 26
McCoy. Ellen. Vacaville. Cal.. o7 70
McGauley. Stephen, 416 Teha-
ma st.. 8. F....... 153 53
McTimpany, John, 117 Drumm
st, S. P.... 57 63
Nolan. Mary, 1612 Mission" at,
S. F.... .. - . .211 62
Norton. Thomas. 2921 Mission
St.. S. F...... .,. 157 56
O'Brien. Dennis.. Point Reyes. •
Cal."..'....'... ........ ... 203. 06
O'Connor. Maria, 2015 Mission
st, S.F .},..'.. , 201 01
Olsen.-- Andrew. 12 Jackson st, •- . . .
S. F. ....... ;....... 307 26
O'Neill, Ann. 18 Clara st, S. F. 517 69
O'Nell, Mary, : Alameda Point .
CalJ... ........."..'.....¦... 79 50
O'Reilly, Elizabeth ¦ (minor),
741 Harrison st. 8. F. . . 106: 48
O'Reilly. Farrell J., 741 Harri-
sonst, S. F ............*. , 53 18
Pacific Coast Quarrymen's
Protective Union, Penryn,
Ca!.. .•.;.......... ....V.. .*. 86 05
Pettitt. Catherine, 108 Bernard
st.,JS.F. -v.. ...... ...i.:.. - 52 89
Pevlde. Antonio da Costa, 315
-Drumm st, S.F.... ....;... 980 13
Plover. Patrick, San Francisco, -
Cal . . . . . . . . . . ... . . . ....... 327 59
Raynor, Henry. Washington
square. West- End, S. F. . .... 53 29
Reilly, John, Fort McDermitt.
Nev. ........... .-V. .¦-.:../ 26923
Richter, Otto. 22 Turk St.,
8. F...... . ...........:.-.- 60 50
SamueJson.' Edwin. 15 Howard
, St.. S. F. ...... . . . • . . . . • • . . 60S 06
Sheehan. John; 315/Bryant st..
S. ¥:¦'.'. ....... • • • ...>¦ •*• ••• - 169 28
Silvera. Manuel "1^., 116 Jack-- ":- ¦"-¦
son st, S.F....-....:. ...... 878 20
Sullivan, Catherine, 830 Pacific
• St.; :S. F. r. ....... . . . *:. . .'. .. 308 95
teullivan. Mrs.Hanora, or Jos- .. .
. .eph"-. Sullivan- (minor),' 237 ,*i
Minna st. 8. F.....;.-. «9 IS
Sullivan, Patrick. 12 Eighth
*»t..S. F......... •• ... 75 44
Sullivan,- Timothy, ; San Fran-
;cisco.Cal:... .. .:. T...:..t.* 345 77
Sweeney. MylesD.'.-. southwest : . :
- cor.-- Broadway and Msfson
. sts. S. F.. . . .* . . . ... ... . . . . 22451
Thingier. Janette, San Fran-
¦ cisci." Cal . . .*. *."*.¦ . ". ... .'..v. .' • ¦',:¦ 77. 55
Whippey." George F., Salt Lake' .- -.-. '¦.'-¦':
1 City. Utah v. ....:.". : ... ... 1,017 53
Wiight.-.Georgiana Elvira
•"Sec. 3. Any cashier orv secretary of
either' of the banking institutions men-
tioned in. section .1 of this act neglecting
or refusing to make the* sworn state-
ment required by said section J shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor,". . .
"Section 1. The cashier or secretary of
tvsry savings bank, savings and -loan so-
ciety and every institution in which. de-
posits of money .are made andjntereat
paid thereon, shall, within fifteen days
after the 1st day of December, in the
year one thousand eight " hundred and
ninety- three, and within fifteen. days of
the 1st day of December of each and
every second succeeding year thereafter,
return to the Board of Bank Commis-
sioners a sworn statement, showing the
amount standing to his credit, the last
known place of residence or Postofflce
address, and the fact of death if known
to said cashier or secretary, of every de-
positor* who shall not have made a de-
posit therein, or withdrawn therefrom
any -part of his deposit, or any part of
the interest thereon, for the period ~6f
more than .ten years " next . . preceding:
and th,e cashiers and secretaries of such
savings banks, savings arid, loan' socie-
ties and institutions .-for -deposit.- of sav-
ings shall give notice of -'these deposits
in one,or-more newspapers published in
or nearest to -the city, city and county or
town where such benks are situated at
least once a week for four successive
weeks, the cost of such publications to
be paid pro rata out of said unclaimed de-
posits; provided, however, that this act
shall not apply to or affect the deposijt
made by or., in _ the name of any person
known to the said cashier or secretary
to be living,' any deposit which with the
accumulations thereon shall be less than
"Sec. 2. The Board of Bank. Commis-
eioners shall incorporate in their-subse-
quent. report <»ach return .which shall
have been made to them, as, provided in
section 1 of this act. .- ¦:. ¦¦'¦* : '¦
"The people. of -the State of California,
represented in Seriate and Assembly, do
enact as follows: -
Made in accordance with an act of the
State Legislature, passed March 23, 1893,
and hereto annexed, to "wit: '
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
UULUmDl A mx xmm
BSGXHXrXHGr
TO=NIGHT
riUST TIME
SAW rilAKCISCO'S
FAVOaXTE
SIKQIITQ COMEDIENNE
£> a a c? r wh
oLAotH
Dainty
Tuneful
Varden
Manajrement T. C. Wlhtaey.
r&h\FGRMK
\ g I EVERYBODY WILL, WANT If^
I TO SEE THIS'. » 1
Joseph Hart W*.
Carrie De Mar -™
la W. A. Brady's Musical Cercedit Hit,
FOXY
GRANDPA
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY, i
BBZ£Z.XAXrT TXIXTSSPB!
rnthuslastle Keceptlca of
J. H. STODDART
— AND—
REUBEN F^AX
In I*n MacLaren's Cemeiy Succeas,
V s BONNIE BRIER BUSH
Kezt Sunday Matinee— Slay Stockton la
"A Little Outcast."
DDirCC Bnaian l&f. 25c. !W>e. 7.V
ihlWLi S!atir."ef= 15c. 25r. 6Po
alluring Vaudeville !
Henri Humbcrty; The-Tobins: Joan
Hadrn's "Cycle of Ix>ve"; Pauline
Hall: Frant^sca Redding and Com-
pany; Mine- and Remington; "Bou-
rn r": Thr Brfttons and Orphenm
Motion Pictures.
NEXT WEEK,
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Resetted Festf, 2."«<": Belcony, 10c; Box Seats
ar.d Op*ra Ohairr. f«0c.
Thlrfl Week Ie XTow On cf the Beit Bur- '
lesqae In Tears. '•
1 7-Q-£/ >T n
A Producticn of Rare Merit Dcl!|;htlnr LArre
Audiences.
Our "AH-Srar"* oast. Includtcr Kolb *nd
Din, Winfleld n'ake. Maude Amber. Georgia
u Katnev. Ben T. Dillon. Althea Twin Sisters.
SPECIAT^ — Fiw appearance or ALLEN
CURTIS, the preateot of all Hebrew comedians.
Scat* Tu© Weeks in Advance.
MATINEES SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS.
Spoclsl Tuesday— PRESS CLUB NIGHT—
"I. O. V." and many added feature*.
Tivni i°p*b*
I I V \J L.I WDUSE.
Corner Mason ac4 Eddy Streets.
GEAKD OPSVZVO.
-WXSZTE8SAT EYETOTQ, December 23.
M*rnlflcect Producticn of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IX1ON
Or "THE WHEELMAN,"
A M>-tho;o«;icaI Musical Kxtravac/anza Jn Three
Acts.
I'SL'AL POPULAR PRICES 25c, SOc and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seat*.. ..Si 00
The sale of seats wUX begin Thuredty morrt-
\nz, December 17, at 8 o'ciock.
__ . .
ESXESAZ.9A
And a Great Snow Erery Afternoom and
Erectaqr in the Thdroufhly
Seated Theater.
TINT TOTS IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
EAKASBTAS TXT TEE ZOO.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY APXADE.
Strcll Through the MIRROR MAZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKEY.
V AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
•» Admirrlnrt, j<kr. Children. J5c"
T* hen Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
- In H;« PerJorrr.snce en the
APflUO piano
AruLLU player
Still MyetiSee Tftcasar.dF.
L"a:ly Iteci't!' in Cur Show Window 3:30 to
it-.ZU p. in. and 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.-
Beni. CURTAZ & Son
ie OTASsriz. st., s. r.
Open Evenings.
EVEHT WEEK 'DAY. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Ccrcajejicing MONDAY, December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races Etart at 2 p. m. rhurp.
~^ ! .+ir.\.*4 *b>- ttre*tc»r from eny part of the city.
J Train leaves Third fend Townrend etrceta at
:15 %'¦ ra. arid leaves the track i:nrn»di«:«!y
after the laet race. 2Co> etncklns; in last t»o
(trr. »h!th ere reserved tor ladles and. their
eaccrts. ' . ¦*.,-.
THOMAS H. TVILLIAMS. PreeldenU
PEXICY W. . TREAT, fete ret try
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEJIENTS.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ t ' ¦ . ¦¦-¦ ¦ . -• ¦*-« — -- ---¦ ¦-¦ v ¦--—.-¦ «--¦¦.,, -- ..>-.-¦.,.
THE "SAN; FRANCISCO --CALL'; MONDAY- DECEMBER; 14, 1903;
10
In amusements as well as weightier things
To the public each day fullest news The Call brings.
So to know where to go, how to buy or to sell.
From its columns one learns all a paper can tell.
In the homes of the land is The Daily Call found,
And its hold on the favor of people is sound.
Thus its ads bring results that are ever the best,
As is readily proved if you but make the test.
THB^CALL|
— . 1
•rour; D. gyaEC-CEItS, Proprietor.
'7tats'c'CEnia-att!-- la iOHI EcSiUGHT, Manager
W. 3. MARTIN Business Manager. !
. TELEPHONE J
\sic for THE CAI-L. The Operator TViH Con- j
r.crt You With the Department You \Usa. ;
r»::blleatioTi Office Market and Third. P. F.
rilitoria! Rocms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
IJe'ivered by Carrier!". 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Onts.
•*>nxis fcy Mail. InCludir_r Postage tCa£h With
Order): „ „
r>.\ILY CALL <ir.clud. SunOa-V 1 year.. $5-00
DAILY CALL <!nc!u!i. Sunday), o mos.. 4.W
KAILY CALL — By Single Month ;"«
FfNDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2-£»
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • • - • • • » •""
f Dailv $S.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN j s'aaVv.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ivreekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
• L.I POSTM 1STERS ARE AUTHORIZED
ALL KOTWggg eVB5CRIPTIONS
Satrple Cop'.M win be forwarded -a-ben re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in crferin* chanff*. °f «d-
feMCfcoaU be rart'rulsr to «*•« »*>* £|™
AND O^D ADDP.E5S In order ¦« i"»V: e *
rrempt an3 correct compliance with .Selr re
<jur*t.
mS BroaC^^^Son. Main 10S3
KO RT^^^^^^^^- -
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
™<«or> A Joria Hote!: %£*?%£££
I-01 Square ; Murray HIH Hotel. F.rth a\e-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REraF-SCNTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGSESS...Marn=*Ui Bdl 8.
<Lcng DiEta-ice Telephone. -Central -619. >
c. c. SS^^^^«»
. eTV _ c< . of-p-icE of the Ran Francisco
B V. 1 iSriet an< I Third street.; open
«*t:i 12 oclock even- nis*t In the sear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
&27 Mcntgem?£ street, comer Clay: open un-
SO0 ! Hiyer*t?eet; open until « P- «J-
€SB» McAllister street: oO p. m.
615 Larkln rtreet; open until ».30 p. m.
'.?« JctS-tan street; open until 10 •!>¦»•
22«1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth, open
oren until » P- m.
£&£££££& cond "*
Kentucky streets: open until 9 P- m.
2200 Flllmcre -t-treet: open until 9 J^_EL— rr^^
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T —Sir Knight* are requested to «• MT
s#mble in the ai-ylum THIS DAY Kg
fKGNDAY). to attend the funeral ser- J?
vtcea of cur deceased frater. SIR <-Hi
h" pof^E at I o'clock P. m.
THO* H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
; r pec^r.^n,bly THir EVENING at g
7 o'clock. Order of Temple. All
fraterc are courteously in\1ted. By or-
der of the commander.
THEO. FROL1CH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal »
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING, VV
I>?ETee« S and 6. /^r\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1. F. and O
A. M. — The officers and member* "f^XTT
the above named lodge are hereby /?%
notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Charles Henry Roese, In King
Sol'^ncn's Hall.' Masonic Temple, on MON-
DAY. December "14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
M&fcter Masor-5 and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the Master,
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Ix*lre No. 15. I. V <V!23& ( .
O. O. F. — Officers end r*nf-*r.b»rs-v^?5j5§-gh..
are hereby notified to fcf*f-mb!»%£*jSSCr^£
in the lodreroom TUESDAY. ° P WW*5*"* 1
Dec. IS. lOOS. at 12:30 d- m.. to attend the
1-uTieraI of our late brother. CHRISTIAN
FMITH. FRANK KRULL. N. G.
CHAg. A. WISE WELL. Rec. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National B«nk of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., will be held at its banking j
bevise, 301 Montgomery street, San Fran- j
cisco. Cal.. on Tuesday. January 12. 1904,
lit 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors
to serve during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of Euch other business as
may come before th* mooting.
GEORGE GRANT. Sec.
San Francisco. Dec. 12. 1903.
THE annual meeting of stockholders of the
F.uby-Boulder Gold Mining Company will
b* held at the office of the company. Dec
2S, 1003. at 10 a. m.
VIRGIL MOORE. Sec.
MEETINGS TnEOSOPHICAU
Eeer Eryjrtian. Hindoo occult: *eais daily; cir-
cles Wfd..Fr'...Sua.. 8 p.m.; 10c. .140 Ellis st. !
ADOPTION. "~ ~ i
WANTED — To aflopt a little cirl. 3 or 4 years \
r>l<3; ntaet b» <Jark and bright. Call st 504 i
Kifte^-ntf cf... Oakland, over Peck's. MRS. !
WAYNE. !
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR. '
FUNKK. 14-iC lClghth Ft.. Alatneda. I
n»ARDI\G FOR CHILDREN^"
WANTED — To '•are Jor a chilli by a com-
petent woman: ha« own !*iotc<!. i714 I et..
bet. ISth and 10th aves., fc'unsct district.
wants care <-,f infant cr younj child
Address C7 Twelfth ft.. Oakland. j
ATTORNEY 8-AT.LAW.
W. H. BITTXEB.i.?
ATTORNEY AN1> COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice fte*. Phone South 745.
6=:te r.r.-.rr.a. Spreckoli building. ;
iJlvorce* quietly and legally obtained for
e!:ht caueee; damages secured for Injuries t-j <
pertson cr estate: replevins fcr property un-
lawfully detaineO; attachments and carnlsh-
iccsta tcr debt*: bcr.d* (urnithed; tsnkruptcy
V-rcct-edlngi; wills probated; estates settled;
celleeUom mtiie In a'.l parts cf the T.\ s.
A PRIVATE. «j»ick divorce for * sotll fee. |
tc* m« and save money; no pay in advance. I
G. W. HOWE. ATTOUNEY-AT-LAW. . j
Kctab'lEhed 22 yr».: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. lit fl j
Ii22 Market tt., tet«een Mason and Taylor
Advice free, all raatters. Detectlwt *:r. ployed! J
R. W. KING. Attoraey-at-lAW. Exam. W*d?T. 1
fith floor, entrance room «;il: established 20
yrare: all cases; ccreral court and office
practice; no ffe in advance or for <x>n*ulta-
tion; e-venlngs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost la tneritori-
cua rates, Civcrcea. probate and all other law
C££es: no fees in advance; n-pen every even-
:r.g. J. M. THURSTOX. M3 Maricet »t.. r. 31.
adviceVree"
rolurrb!an I^sw atA ColVcticn Agency.
_ 7loom^F5. niC_Ma.-lc«t »t.: tel. John <n22C.
ADVICE FREE— ALL '-ASES. < "
No '•harpe v, ttjmit FUCcesK.
E. J. BANKS. Exsniinrr t!ds., third Boer.
DIVORCE ccste $:2: «j-j!ck and <julet: opea
»ver.lnr». Kxa~ir.er l-ci'.dlrr;. room 315.
2JVOF.CE eo?t« $'.C; 4j;«.-n 'venisss: trnitntii
<«ect*d. tS. nifljitarkc:. r.C2:p^.one E!acU C51.
DIVORCE — Co«t«. S12: t'.'.l;iu quietl advice
trt+: open evenings. P27 Market nu, r. U01.
L. F. CLARK. Kmma Snrec!:eJs bldj.. 927~Ma71
ket »t.; consultation free: no icea La advance.
ADVICE free; no rherse unless sucre««ful: ail
!sw hufln»». W. W. T)»vi(isr>n. !C7 Ma rket.
mum. dogs. ktc.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots: all
kinds cf tc=K end fancy birds: goldfish sred I
cases, etc. Give u« a trial; we will pleas* I
ypu. 154C Market et. i
CREDIT C&OTKXX&S.
C. K. ADAMS CO. ~~~ 1 "~"
SPECIAL CREDIT STORR.
We clothe ttie » heir- faniil.' from hats to j
•bc*»; «verjth!ag t:;> to «late st cash vttcra. |
Credit tar all. 8I» iliscn »t. - j
EITY your eults enrt ov.-rcoats at LICHTEN-
- 6TKIN EHOS.. ti fitrclitcn fc t.. en small
wefl.ly pajseat*; soc«!k «V!Ive*:ed on 3rst
rfcyrrent. ¦ .
CUXSS KUPTITKi:.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Marke*. et-
Send ier circular. Why will you lufftrT-
I LODGING HOUSES V^^^^TT29^:
FOR sale — Modern 8- room flat: central: two
months furnished; $300 down, balance $25
"*• per month; obliged to leave city; snap.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
££ SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 887.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance Mon-
day eve., 328 Ellis St.; 50 cents. .
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
cles Wed.,Frl.,Sun., 8 p.m.; 10c. S40 Ellis »t.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thur*sday.
• CLAIRVOYAXTS. »
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge. ; No Charge
. Unless you obtain the information for which
¦ you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, 00-
cupatlon'and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart is tru«
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck.* re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sun. Z-p.
826 O'Farrell at.; low fee thla week — $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg. ; she- reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them;- valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Blck 4569.
A- LIVORNO.
- r.- •.-•"' The World-Renowned Palmlrt • . _ .
: -.-- ..And Crystal • Gazer.
34 Kearny St., over Hammersmith & Field s;
eee portrait of Mme. Llvorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mall," |L Send month
and year of blrth.^ . ?• - . ¦
ioc ... . . . . v . . .*. . : ;?. aoc ~. t.w* .•¦*.. .100
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers; your past,
present and future an open book; and they
tell It truly; no fairy tales, no faking; come
and see them. - *
285 Geary et., near Powell.
10c 10c, ... . . . .' 10c
I8MAR, the Egyptian gypey. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
• et.,' cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
zn. to B p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions , answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEIN A, wonderful trance, medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try m««;
good reading 10c' 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave
A — Mme. Ravenna . reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. S 4th et., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23 & 6th; la. 25c, g. 60c.
< , 1
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles, 23c, gents 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gt-nts 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, removed to 119 Larkln, room 18,
gives names, dates and facts. Hours 11 to 0 pm.
MISS - ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names: L. C0c;O.$L 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlng» daily. 448M Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 6586.
DENTISTS. •
BrT GllUasr^oi^S-ttCaaiaghan Market
and McAllister sUl. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings, DOo;
' plater, $5; full set; all work painless and war.
. ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM,. eurgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowrs. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Butter.
DRESSMAKERS A»D SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure :eve. class. 1O1» Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ;
CALIFORNIA Bueiness College will .'move the
first of the year to; its. new home, 800-825
Golden Gate ave., occupying 18,000 square
feet, the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially ntu-d building ot the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co., delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every .modern ,10 ea . looking to
,. the health, cemfort nnd best advancement of
our studentN will: be Incorporated.' All de-
partments are to be reorganized and refur-
nished throughout. ..When occupied it will be
the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago. • . ' : -
•Write, at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, telling all about our special 25 per
cent removal diaeount rates. . : ¦ '
Addreas .TOO Larkin St.. for the present.
HKALDS BUS1NKSS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F.^ — Bookkeeping,' ; shorthand, -- touch typing,
. languages, telegraphy, .English branches; day
. and night cessions; Illustrated catalogue fre*.
AYKES. -the leading bu*!ne;s college. 723 Mar-'
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsomu. catalogue free: life schoiar-
fr thlp." |50; gay. and evening sessions.^ • ! ,-,'
CALIFORNIA Business College, 300 Larktr. st.
."A thorouKh " echool" ; pcsltions secured for
graduates; -modern methods: individual in-
f.truction. . Write for illustrated catalogue. _;-
HINMAN'S AcadPmv: ' a thorough school of
.dancing; established 2U years. 1412 Polk st..
between' Pine anil California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.-
THE;Ly"teunu an accredited preparatory school
'I for the university, lay and medical, colleges;
• ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profea-
: sor;, day^ and evenlnc. sessions. .Phelan b!dg.
THE • PAUL GKRSON ; School ot Acting, 1 Use
.; foremost. Institution of the kind In the «ntir« J
West: 12'teachers; eend for catalogue. Na--
tire Sons' bids.; 414 Mason zt . ,-"•!
EDUCATIONAL Continued. j
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrtelty.24 Post
et., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, • Saturday. Sun-
day eves., Teutonla Hall.- Howard st.. nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market «t. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
KNGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln., roech.. uur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; eat. 1864. Van
der Nallltn Echool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Haii.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st.; call 2 to 6.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night claas.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6tn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
george Aoicir^sr^^r'sTrrTeiT^^s^riM^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 419
6tockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8188.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Beung-s. 411^ O'Farrell: tei. East 42ft.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLKY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH cook with good references wants
a place at $30 a month; is capable, young
and strong. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS
Employment Bureau. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
AN English infant's nurse (young) with alx
years' references wants place to take entire
charge of an infant. Address English Nurse,
care MISS PLUNKETT'S Registry. 425 Sut-
ter Bt.. near Powell.
A LADY will chaperon echool girls East for
holidays; go as companion, nurse or car?
for invalid for expenses, i Box 3183, CaU.
A COMPETENT woman nurse would care for
sick or invalid; term's reasonable. S36 Turk
st.. lower flat. ¦
POSITION by neat, reliable elderly woman:
experienced cook: used to children; wages
$12; references. Box 3178, Call.
A NEAT, steady woman would like to do house-
work in an American family; a good plain
cook. , 1S92 Howard st.
AN honest woman would like any kind of
¦ housework by the day. 1892 Howard st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook, no washing, no house-
work; long experience: personal references
from leading city families; $35 to $40. The
Domestic Club, 233 Geary St.. room i>0; phone
Bush CM.
A LADY would like a place to take care of
an Invalid lady and charge of house If re-
quired; will call Monday. Address box
3707, Call office. ' ;
i '.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
housework and cooking; no washing. Box
3798, Call office.
A! RELIABLE woman wishes position as flrst-
class cook; wages $23 to $30. Apply 612A
Octavia st. .
A POSITION wanted aa cook; Spanish. French
and American; wages $3.1 to $40. Call at
1747. Hyde St., near Broadway.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do upstairs
work and sewing. Please call Monday at
1905 Mission St.; tel. Capp 1543.
BY capable and experienced' woman, position
as nurse for Infant or housework for old
couple. Address X. A. M., 108B Valencia st.
WOMAN wants to do washing at home. 201
Ellsworth st. I .
MIDDLE-AGED refined widow wishes -jo pew
from 1 to 0 p. m. ; compensate for room and
board. Box 4848. Call office.
COMPETENT nurse would like a few more pa-
tients or care of invalid. 517 Ninth st.. Oak-
land. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER— Stationary steam engineer, also
is an electrician; am strictly temperate; have
- .had charge of an electric light, stationary
plant for the- past two years: have also had
experience with gas engines and in machine
shop and am in position to do general repair-
ing; have all tools; om a married man 37
yearn old and with good habits; desire a' po-
sition in city or country. Box 4S47 Call.
AN energetic man. -with knowledge of four
languages — English, Spanish, Fjeneh and
Italian — desires a position with, gome busi-
ness firm or corporation; to foreign country
preferred — Central America. Cuba or Phil-
ippine Islands. Box 3748, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, well-educated man (double
, entry, stenography, typewriting, foreign lan-
guages, etc.) desires practical experience in
x a mercantile office. Address box 3180, Call.
YOUNG man exoerlenced in butcher business
would like position - to drive v.-agron or in
shop. city s or country. Box 4S4D, Call.offlce.-
A YOUNG man wants position as engineer:
flrst-class references; pxperlthced with large
plants. Box ol82. Call office. v:V.' : H
GOOD singer wishes to join a quartet; tenor
voice. - Box 3181.-. Call . office. -.
A HANDY man would like a situation around
a private residence: used to care of horses;
city or country; more for a home than wasea.
P. B.. CS Hermann st.
ACCOUNTANT would keep books fpr small
concern during leisure hours. Address box
4S57, Call office. |
BARBER -desires a position for -evenings and
Saturday (Sunday). 1410 'Larkln .- st..' near
" California. Call • before U a. ¦. m.; between 3
I and 4:30 and after. 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
YOUNG, man experienced In' butcher business
would like Dositlon to^ drlvp wagon or in
shop, city. or country. ¦ Box 4849 Call office. " '
WANTED — Situation as draughtsman or super-
¦ intendent in a cut stone-yard:' 15 years' ex-
\ perlcnce. ¦ Address box 4781, Call.
EXPERIENCED^ man would like position of
' any, kind /about electric power station;
country or.- citv.-. Box 37K5, {.'all. .
YOUNG man • wants work "¦ at - once as 'man
about place. . butler or valet; Al reference.
Box 37C4. Cnii. r >. - ..- 1 %
.WANTED— By reliable man of 40, position as
night wati'l'-tnan: jcocd ¦ references. . 'Address
box 4S75, Call office. : ;
ENERGETIC young man . would do househoM
duties 4 at private residence In exchange " for
room or room and. board. :\ Box 3lC4.CaU. v '
MARRIED man .want* I position- asiforcman en
¦ Etcck ranch.'a Box 4S02,; Call. office.-- .
MILLWRIGHT wishes position en stamp mill"
A Jill-ess W. W.. SOU Bryant at.. S. _'. -
? EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care cf horses, carriages and
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. P.. 77 Ninth st.
A MAN (30). from East Canada, wishes to
work on it small ranch or around a place.
Box 4S54, Call.
A CAPABLE man wishes to work In liquor
store, either tend bar or deliver. A. D., 2IXJ
Ell '.a st. ¦
A RELIABLE, handy man of 34. good habits,
wants of nee or other indoor work; wages
$1 50. Box 3171, Call office. ¦
.COLORED man wishes work of any kind :
handy around place in general, or Janitor
work; beat of references. Box 2908, Call.
YOUNG man. good worker, wishes place in
gentleman's stable; can milk; wages no ob-
Ject; references. Box 4S61. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as superlntedent or
draftsman with an architect or contractor;
Chicago experience. Box 4S53, CalK
STEADY, sober man. 25, Just from back East.
'Canada, wishes to work In a creamery to
learn butter-making. Box 4843. Call. __
EXPERIENCED janitor wishes cojltion: no
children; understands engine and boilers.
Box 3100. Call office.
WANTED— Situation in San Francisco whole-
sale grocery house by young man with Puget
Sound references. Address box 3745. CaU.
WANTED — By an experienced young colored
man, a pcsltion as porter or janitor; best of
reference. Box 3747, Call.
ELDERLY man wishes position as bartender;
good references; German. Box 4S07, Call.
HANDY man familiar with gasoline steam en-
glne. care of horses, etc. Box 3138. Call.
WANTED — Position by a registered phartna-
clst. Box 3170. Call.
FOREMAN on 1 ranch and also a good black -
smith wants a position. Box 3719, CaU.
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy In
small family near any ji'ch school in city or
country; $2 a week. H. MOTO,*- Japanese
, Mission. S07 Polk st.
JAPANESE with recommendations wishes po-
sition of any style; good cook: city or coun-
try; private family. Box 4S32. Call office.
JANANESE with recommendation wishes po-
, . aiticn of any style; good cook; city or coun-
try; private family. Box 4S52 Call of3c«*\
A JAPANESE would like a position as school-
boy; speaks rcod English: also utrderstands
cooking. KURODA. 1410 Pine st.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position;
best references. 374 Sutttr st.. room 5.
FINANCIAL. ——-—--
—————————————— — _________ — ,
A — 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $10O and upward; no "get-
rlch-qulck" ewindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco: cleared
S67.00O last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,CCo to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
COMPANIES IneorDorated. financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Ft-
nanctal A vent. 322 Kmma Spreckela bid jr.
FACIAI. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; flne complexion guar*
anteed. new method; 50c. M. LUTON. manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln at. : phone Polk IT.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time, and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
St.. on fie -quart.
/ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
lifted in our renting department^ let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free.
UPPER flat of 4 rooms and bath: sunny: mod-
ern conveniences. 63 Dehon st.. between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth, near Sanchez.
HAIGHT, BC5 — Modern Cat; 5 room* and base-
ment. .-
MASONIC ave.. l.*I7 — Elegant sunny upper
flat. 7 rooms and bath: near park.
FLATS TO LET— I'UH.MSHEO.
TO lease for winter month — Elegant, sunny,
furnished flat of C large rooms and bath, 1X12
Washington at., near Jones; rent reasonable.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-220
Montgomery st.
AN elegantly furnished flat, complete for
housekeeping: porcelain bath: piano; 4 min-
utes' walk to City Hall; no children; $30.
332 Hayes st.
FLATS FOH SALE — Fl'RMSUED.
FOR sale — Big bargain: 7 rooms, well fur-
nished. Sat. and Sun. after 10. 807 Van
Neas ave.; seveial rented. /
FUII.MTUKK WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur., carpets, etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. S12 Larkin.
HIGHEST price for furniture acd mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;teI.Howard 273tt.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4442.
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
A COOK and second girl for small American
family; ?35 and $25. Call at MISS PLUN-
KETT'S Employment Bureau, 423 Sutter St..
near Powell. ¦ .
A COOK for small delicatessen store. $oO
month; a nurse fcr 2-year-old child. $25; a
flrst-class waitress for cafe; a cleaner for an
Institution In city; ?20 and. found, an easy
place; an experienced chambermaid for small
hot'l. $18; a waitress and parlormaid for
city place,' $30; a second girl for 2 in fam-.
ily, city, $25: 3 good waitresses and one
chambermaid to assist waiting for flrst-class
hotel in city, $25, board and room; 40 house-
work Klrls for city and country, $30, $25
and $20. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
•Z-Si Geary st.. room 3S.
Parlor maid and wait $-5
S?e lady here 10:30 Monday.
Parlor maid and wait. 5 In family $10
Nurse child, little upstairs work *2.'»
¦ Second and wait. 3 in family 1-5
Cook little wash. etc. 3 In family $.15
Cook! little wash, second girl; kept $«)
General housework. sma'I fam?il:s. .$.5 to *3»
AT San Francisco Emp. Bureau. 17 Fourth
- Bt.— Girl for housework, city, $23: sick nurse,
city; light housework fcr 2. city. 120; com-
pan'.on for one lady, city. ?30; salesladies,
fancy dept., Oakland. ?0 a week. 17 Fourth
st. Phone Grant 2ft.
A-tWANTED— Girls to !<arn hairdre-slng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 wt?eks: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
r uttiona to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
, West. 23.1 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring ««a-
ton; toth seasons taught rrom start to finish
in 1 month X»r $10: positions as. trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wit. up:
day and evening plasn. It:: Stockton st..T. IX
I A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdressing
trade: manicuring massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 84; positions secu:.-d
at highest wages; day and eve. clas»\ call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEV! .STRAUSS & CO '8 j
FACTORIES. 32>4 FREMONT ST. AND Ia73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. |
WANTED — A lady to travel fcr an old estab- I
HaheJ house cf,*olid financial standing; good |
> ea!ary and expenses weekly; exptnses ad- '
vanced; picasant work; new line: good r«i*r- [
ence« and security required. Address box 271.
Sacramento, Cal.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. C36
Mission St., third floor.
A— OPER ATOMS on. ladies' wash waists. C3S
Mission s*.. third floor. ,
A — OPERATORS on ladies' summer skirts. C56
, Mission '. st.. . third floor. .
COMPETENT ccok for institution. 2344 Sutter
street. '.
WANTED — Girl for housework and .cooking.
. 1542 McAllister st.
WANTED — German girl for upstairs work and
care o? baby: - wages $20 to $25. Cal! 9 to
• 10:3© a. m.. 517 Bnena Vista ave.; Haight-
. yt.'.ear. get off at Centra! ave. ..••-=. ¦ -
A -YOUNG lady to learn the removal of super-
fluous hair to be assistant to a doctor. 1170
Market St.. rooms. 2S and 29,- from l'to.4
'.'p. m. . - ¦• N --\ ¦ ¦ .' -
A LADY*. free from home care* can secure' per-
-. • manent . position by*,, addressing immediately.
Box ; '4S06.- Call.'^J^^HiBQCBHdSSIBBm
lA' YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking at MRS.
' NELSON'S, 1017 Geary st.
hki.t* -u-.A-yTT-.n — FF.VAi.r — row.
GIRLS to run fcot-power S'nser sewing ma-
chines E. H. LEVY. SS3 Market »t.
APPREMTiCirs en vests; paid. 23D'i Ninth
»t.. opp. Clcmeatlna.
WANTEI"> — Woman to do gentra! housework-
Apply 440 \j Second St. j
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlsa
M G. Barrett. Instructor. 30*-* Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for th» recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ccesed at IOCS Market -*>'... opposite
Fifth. Op»n until 11 p. m.
HELP WANTED .MALE.
A— MUP.RAY « READY. 634-635 Clay st.
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 We gave io(Ki We'll G1t»
45.0OO Men Work. 60.CC0 Men .Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
Boss here. PANTRYMAN $40 and found.
FOREMAN. ORCHARD VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Painter. *triper. etc.. city
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN.
MAN and WIFE. cook, mine town. $30 fd.
2 lumber graders, toss here.. $73.
Man anrl wife, ranch. $35 and found.
Tinsmith citv: carriage trimmer.
LOOK. BOS3 HERE.
Pantryman, also bell boy. $40. $15 and f(J.
Choreman. private residence. $."13 and found.
LOOK. BOSS HERE.
Man and wife, man as choreman. wife a*
waitress at mine.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185.
42"J Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Broiler, flrst-class hotel, north. $70.
Night clerk with California experience aad
references, country hotel. $43.
Porter, country hotel. $20.
Laundryman, institution, city. $40.
Machinist, country shop. $3 CO a day. ,
Scraper foreman, $65, found.
Stableman, city. $50 ami room.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
420 Bush st. 012 Clay st.
A MAN and wife for a private family la
country, see lady here Monday morning;
also a man and wife for Indoor service in
private family, man as butler, woman as
cook, wages $t>O. references necessary. MISS
PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter St.. near Powell.
AN English butler. 3 years' city references,
wants a place. Send letters to MISS PLUN-
KETTS Registry. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO EMP. BUREAU— Wanted— »
First -clas3 bricklayers. city; registered
plumbers, flrst-class carpenters, 2 rough car-
. penters, flrst-class foreman for building,
plasterers ami plasterers" helpers, apprentice
for carrenter work- 17 Fourth st. Phone
Grant 2G.
RANCH blacksmith. $33 to $45 and board:
man and wife, private family, $30 and found;
cook and wife, private family. $45 and found;
ccok and wife, country. $100 and found: cook,
country. $73 anrl found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 618 Sacramento st.
WANTED — For U. S. able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 33. citl-
lens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, wfco can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to R».
cruiting Offlrer, Rialto building, Now Mont-
gomery ?t.. San Francisco, or Masonic build- '
ing. Sacramento. Cal.
— — « _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue ana tu:l
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 623 Clay st.
BARBERS— Special meeting MONDAY. Dec.
14. Nomination of officers for the ensuing
term will be made. All should be present.
By order of the unicn.
J. R. BLIELY. Secretary.
YOUNG men for South Sea whaling cruise.
Inquire at saloon. 2tt St;uart st.
TRY cur men's shces, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO p«r pair, foot-form shoes at $2 30. o?
orthopedic shoes, ?-1 SO; b?st *hces on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam,, Wdg.. R doors from Market.
WANTED — Thoroughly reliable jr.ur.s man
for clerical work end collecting: bonds ani
references required; salary $40. Bjx 4$t>0,
Call office.
PALMER HENDRIKSOX. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly refuiested to wrlta to his sorrow,
ing mother, cr «ome home.
EOYS' and children's clothing salesman. iS. N.
WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Experienced packer and crater. AJV
ply between it ami 11 a. m. at HALE BROS/
FIRST - CLASS printing salesman wanted.
MYSELL-ROLLIXS CO.. 22 Clay at.
WANTED — Printer to run small Job office on
per cent: everything new. CO Thirteenth st.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, whits
American men. 18 to 21 years. Box 2000, Call.
»
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted. 152 East
st; call early; wages $12.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; party leavlnj
city. Call 647 HowardjBt.
MUSICIANS to Join military Land. 32S Bush
St.. third floor, room 4» .
WHY pay biff prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 30o
nnd et'c while you wait at 563 Missies st..
bet. let and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character: roust speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on mon-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land la our
inland possessions, and at naval stations Jn
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary. w»
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation:
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 13. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one wh»
can do forwardlnc and finishing on full
hounds. Afcply SANBORN. VAIL A CO..
711 Market slL -._
A PLEASANT faced, flne appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be betweea
40 and 53 anil good case taker: no traveling;
¦alary about $15O. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kro*
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
add^d 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous*.
217 Ttlrd St.: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot- form shoes at $2 60; we pay j
expresa or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
pc nwr.i for whom I have secured pensions.
FOR sale — Barber shop; bargain.^ 2321 Ala-
meda ave.. Alametfa. .
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
8. F. Earber School. 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldsr. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
McDONaLD & PERRY have a lance stock oC". .
new ar..l second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
SF.AMEN for Australia and Europe: also greea
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart.
WINCHESTItR Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The CaO-for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been cc-r.ee! at 100M Market >t.. opposlt*
Fifth. Ooen until It p. m. .
AI.L nizea men's shoes, slteht'.y damaged, half
prire. 6«.~. Mission »t.. t«t. 1st and 2J sts.
GET your shoes half noted wMl* waltlnc: 23s
to ROc. 5«5 Mission st.. het. 1st anil 2S *tx.
HOUSES AND \VAGO.\S.
SELLING out it auitlcn. 43 horses, over 1C0
stytes cf wasons surrey* buggies, carts anl
harness at tUO Folaom St.. Tuesday. De-
cember 15. 11 a. m. ¦ •
HARNESS and raddles, the best for the money.
at JEP8KN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big «ora»
1145-1147 Market »t.. Saa Francisco.
FOR*saie^S?cnnd-hand panel top wasona. In-
quire P.. NUGENT. 13 T«nth st.
FOIl sale — Low-»"t wagon, sultatla for car-
penter. i>41 Howard St.
FOR r«l» — Handsome tray cheap. Address
bor 3759. Cail office. -
FOR rale— 3 young horses; single cr double.
Apply S)C9 York st.
MUST bs scid at sacrifice; 3 good horses.
327 Sixth_st :
Al EXPRESS wagon, light ,rnrr.pln-: wagon
and jjo-cart fcr sale chfap. S-Tl Mission at. ..
Lars*st assortmt 2-han<3 wagons, huckb'd. sur«
rey.hsrne»5i.wt-,rk.drivlng horses. 13th- Valencia
CHEAPEST anl best In Am-rica— The Weekly^
• Call. 1G pases, f^rt to any address In th*^
United k States or Canada cne ysar for $1.*
pestage raid. - - *
" HOCSKS KlKXl-tiUU VtiH SALE.
MUST sell at once, foldipp-fced, drecser flfclf-
I LODGISG-nOUSUS FOR SALE.
["""" ITEstcbllshe^ ls years.]
Wo will -sell any house]
• MARION on tho ftistallnr.eat plan.]
GRIFFIN. Bullpen — Is — Booming.J
' Call. write or phone us]
; tor blc free- Het ot houses.]
i Title abstract furnished free.l
: [Room 400. "Examiner" Building.]
1 Phone Block 3C07. Take- ele\«ator to 4th floor.
I Corner 3d a/id Market -sts.. San Francisco.
TO LET, el'gantly iushished G-room Hat.
i HERE'S your chance: Big ' transient house,
!*;avlly mortgaged: must ba uold at once; will
clear $S0O montlr if rightly m.wiaeed. ; 4
OVER $300 proflt monthly; 03 rooms; nice
corner; clean as **» new pin.
GOLDEN GATE ave.: 20, rooms: house built
one year ago: miihogany and oak furniture;
heavy Brussels carets; inccwie $111 over rent.
; ONE floor; 24 roams, centrtilly located:' rent
$S0; bank book sho'nw $U)0 month profit last 12
months; price $1200; an Impending; wedding.
BEAUTIIfULLY fusnlshed; 60 rooms; house
•well known throughout t*e State; elevator:
I clears $300 month; $6000; V, cash; 4-year
lease; exact book accounts are kept, -m
HOUSE of 40 roolnj, 4 blocks of Market;
price $3000; bu'ldlng a»»d fumlCure 1 year old.
CENTER of city; 17V large, outside, minny
rooms; rent $50; montlly income $154.
NEW, beautiful brick fcuilding of 140 rooms;
electric elevator: eflectric lights; splendidly ap-
pointed; magnlflcenxly "iurnished in quarter-
Eawed oak and bird's-eye maple.
TRANSIENT house ot 23 roomfl, clearing
$125 month; reduced from $2400 to $1700; %
down and monthly installments; rent $100.
NEW house gorgeously furnished in velvet
and bird's-eye maple: .37 rooms: 6-year lease;
clears $173 month; for stile on easy terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 rooms, north of Mar-
ket, to exchange for a flant; better come early.
NEAR Hyde et.: 12 rooms. $600; clears $40
month; housekeeping; sunny side of_ street. ,
HOTEL — 83 rooms; oak And cherry furni-
ture; big business: big bar trade; solid mahog-
any bar; price $6500; long established house. |
SPLENDID. -quiet, eminently respectable little
house; near theaters, restaurants and the re-
tall shopping district; 5 minutes' walk to
Kearny st.; clears $65; clean, complete, com-
fortable; an honest bargain; sold on account
of departure. .MARION GRTFFIN. 406 Ex.-
aminer building.
14-R00M HOUSE; 'near Hyde and Bills ets.;
only $1200; payments. See DECKER, 906
Market Bt. ¦
35-ROOM corner house; near Post find Maaon
sts.; clears $200; only $2400. DECKER. 006
Market et.
28-ROOM house; fine location. I hftve orders
to sell this bouse and IT MUST GO; price
S145O. What will you pay? DECKER. 906
Market Bt. ;
H. C. DECKLTt.
H. C. DECKER, Phone. John 631.
H. C. DECKER.
900 MARKET ST. P06 , MARKET ST.
OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN
'' SAN FRANCISCO.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms; north of Market «t .-.$1400
ONLY $800 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts $500
26 rooms; one flocr; rent $70 _.$1550
21 rooms; electric lighted: rrnt $50. ..... .$850
ONLY $350 CASH REQUIRED.
22-ROOM HOUSE NEAR POWELL AND
O'FARRELL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
ROOMS ALL LIGHT AND
SUNNY; CLEARS $150 - $2500
S2-ROOM HOUSE ON 2 PROMINENT STS^
CLEARS OVER $300 PER MONTH... $"000
57-room house; near Palace Hotel 5 2 ?XX
! 40-room house; near Mission and. Second.. S1OOO
31-room house: grand bargain., .^j. *}°XX
. 36- room boarding-house: clears $300 fixxJJ
Hotel and bar: 60 rooms - $6000
6 rooms; must sell; only - "*l-?i
7 rooms: a snap • •*•»
12 room*: Pine and Hyde ets.; a beauty.... $b50
17 rooms; O'Farrell st.: see It i" : ';f?22
20 rooms: north of Market st.; reret $60. .$1150
11 rooms; rent only $35 -• •».»£•
12, rooms: Maaon «t.: snap........ iMxx
22 rooms; rent $50; money-maker^. fi"™£
100-room corner house .•.:....• yioJCCj
lflO-room apartment house fHJ'225
110-ROOM HOTEL ¦¦••"•• $Vi i^H
6 rooms and bath; upper flat... ...... ...$525
SURE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTTH.$S500
$100,000 TO^Ag^jroygggB.^
DECKER WILL SELL YOU^
DECKER PAYMENTS.
DECKER WILL igAX TOT^ tgggg
TO BUY SELL OR EXCHANGE SEE -
DECKER, 900 MARKET ST.. cor. Stockton.
C. E. HINKLEY. ~ C. E. HINKLEY.
Phone Mint 79&
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth «t.
Our Guarantee. Satisfaction to All.
Former Patrons My Best References.
SUNNY corner, 21 rooroa: clears $75: %. block
frcmMa^et^s^cul^n^y^.,
MONEY-MAKKR— 60 rooms; liquor license:
clears $400: 2 entrances; transient; oak and
maple furniture; a gift at $2750. -
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SNAP— 10-room modern nat; rent $40; a prize
at * 4 HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET. ST.
PROFITABLE rcomlng-house, 22 roome; 3
years' lease; clears $87 60; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door; present owner conducted
house 9 years; a good Investment. _,.
. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SPECIAL— 85 rooms; $1000 caah. balance -1
per cent; newly furnished: price $5000; this
is a grand opportunity to secure a good pay-
ing house on easy terms.
, HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
EXQUISITE "furnishings; 60 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance;; lease;
cleans $200; liberal terms; a little gem; see
S * HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
SPECULATION— 12 rooms. Golden Gate ave.;
rent $40: price $550.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
MODERN — 120 rooms; rent less than $5 a
room; up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nished; books open; clears $350 to - $400
monthly; price S000O; part cash, balance easy
terms.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
SUNNY corner; 18 rooms; newly renovated;
clears $100; see this.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
WORKINGMEN'S house; 20 rooms: one floor;
electric lights; rent $40; amazingly low price.
$650.
HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A CAMERON & CO.. Phone 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances. :
23 r.; near Market: lease; $e00 down.. $2250
60 r.; rent $300; Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.; Van Ness; rent $22 50; home.:. ... 225
2() r. ; new, mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
II r.; rent $00; new; flne fur.; clears $47 850
- Dr.; Ellis; rent $35; fine home; snap... 550
r,S r. : cheap rent; clears $300 to $400.. 8500
:t0 r.: rent $05: good fur.: clears $100.. 2000
* 12 r. : rent $40; close in: well furnished.. 600
8 r. ; up. flat: everything mod.; departure 750
3 r.: rent $20; cor, flat; Lea v.;. snap. ... 225
20 r.: new house: furniture; clears $80. 2500
8 r. : rents $50; modern; linely furnished 500
22 r.; rent $S0; '.cane; clears $100 1700
11 r.; Eddy; rent S50;well fur.xlears $3S 750
34 r.; fine: downtown; makcR big money 3200
8 r. ; rent $42: modern flat: elegant fur.. 400
14 r. ; rent $75; oak fur.; good carpets... 1)00
12 r.; -close in: well furnished; bargain. 1100
17 r. ; downtown: always full; clears 5115 1600
S r. : close In; golden* oak; moqu»t«car-
I i>ets, hnlr mattresses; cost tllW; in-
i cotne ?6S; snap.. »00"
! 7 r.; rent $40; 'middle flat;. oak fur 350
i 21 r.: rent $85;well fur.;lease;clears $100 170<>
14 r. ; cheap rent; good fur. ; Knap ."900
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov.: clear $43. " DOO
. 17 r.; central: Post; part cash... 1100
44 r.: rent $44; big money-maker...... 3000
25 r. ; rent $70:. oak fur.: leaving city... 1330
00 r.; new, mod. building; elegantly fur.:
• central; long lease; must lie sold; offer
wanted ; ........
- 10 r. : mod. flat; elegant fur. ; clears 551; '
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave <'-•'¦
city t.Jt;. •.-.'. 5
9 r.; flat; rent 510; modi; clears $15;
. -departure .. 450
A-KREDO &CO., 7e3 Market bt.
Successful Brokers. , ¦ • •'-.• » •;•-
We; : — Loan ; — Monoy'
(5 rooms, rent $HV pick-up for........... $",>
10 rooms, rent $50, nicely furnished. ;.... CiO
18 rooms, rent $35. '.little mint. .:¦..' . <jo<>
21 . rooms. - rent $45. clears $100... . ... aOO
29 rooms, rent $105, swell snap. ......... 300-J
Big 'list at cur office. • ..
I 7C3- Market Et. : . . Phone Black C£72.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZK;' ELEGANTLY FURNfSJfED; LOCA-
- TION BEST IN" THE CITY; , LEASE:'
OWNER LEAVING, TOWN. BOX 2S5<5.
CALL OFFICE. . • ¦¦ •
A— '$3000:' PRIVAT13 * boarding-house.' with 40
. elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
rocms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. 6c« 11. G. W1LKE, 1'OH Kearay sU ,
I DPSiyESS^jCHANCES. .»
I R G WILKE, Rea; Estate and Business
1 Agent (estPb'.isheJ 1* years). MX Kearny
j *t.. rooms a and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water f rent, close to Market st. ; daily
reccirfs about ft>5: business clearing $300 per
month; trial eiven; a splendid olfer^investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE, 26'^
Kearny tt.
A— JS500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
1 in Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always I
[occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board fcnl iruaranteed by
corr-canv; owner never clears less than $3i!0
I^r month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<5^
Kearny st.
A— $1SGO; HALF Interest in one of tho best
corner ealoons on water front; lease; dis-
aereement of partners cause of sale: will
«e!l whole for $3*00. Call R. G. WILKE.
28*i Kearny st. ' _^_____
A—? 1 250; CORNER saloon on Fourth nt., close
ta E. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a Rood paying business. See
R. G. WILKE, 2014 Kearny st. '
A — $S00; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above £100
per month; Ilvinjr rooms; value in Eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CV& Kearny >t.
A— 52000- SALOON on Keamy st., about two
blocks from Chronicle buildinc: place estab-
lished years and doing: a grood business; or
one partner will rell his Interest for J1000;
dlEacreen-.ent cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny »t.
A— $1200; COFFEE salocn and bakery: close to
Phelan building:; a gocxl paying business,
nut must be sacrificed on account of owner
beinr sick in hospital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny tt.
A— $3230; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; net rent $150; leas* with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; value in right. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A — $e50; CIGAR stand on Montffomery st.; a
JiTU clear stand on Ellis Bt.; Block at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st.; stock
at invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy «t.,
stock at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE, 20!4
Kearny St. **¦
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tanks, etc.; 8 hor3es. wagons
and a well established trade; this Is a flrst-
class business proposition. All particulars,
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $3.">00; CORNER saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.: established years and a
first-class paying place; fullest investigation
•solicited; this is a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20?j Kearny at. ¦
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bus!,
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business oppor-
tunity that passes through our office must
etand the closest investigation, and we can
place you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A^ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION."
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
}-ou deelre addlticnal capital T It so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
en our book" seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A~^ S PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling echeme, but a reputable, establshed
business enterprise in San Francisco; cl*ir«?d
$67,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
FOR rale or to lease for term of years; well-
known established health resort in Lake Co..
including 3t! furnished rooms, barn, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
property is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
Springs Hotel. Call at 1160 McAllister et. to
see owner, or address, with references, MRS,
HOPPIN. Bartlett Springs. Cal.
A Rare Opportunity.
MVT6T be cold at once to close out stock; first-
class stock of family groceries, fixtures. 4
horses. 3 wagons: all at a discount; don't
mifs for a good business buy or as an in-
vestment: owner positjvely mu»t and will
cell, as he has interests in Nevada which
he "must attend to at once; stock will In-
voice $C000. G. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
SPLENDID tusiness opportunity — Fine grocery
and bottled liquor business, hcrse and
wagon; an established place In full running
order; in fine locality; either whole or half.
Apply Monday, Mr. HOLLING at Tlllman &
Bendel.
PARTNER wanted — A $2750 wholesale and re-
tail business in flourishing city : near San
Francisco; full vaiue in sight: sales $3<XK)
monthly; references required. THE ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broaflway, Oakland.
FOR f-aie — Two sold mines, placer; big pay In
sight; near D&wson. City. For full partieu-
i !ars call or address Owner. 2M0 Nlne-
; t-*er.th i:t., near Potrero ave.. San Francisco,
_Cal :
I DESIRE to .meet parties of some means with
view of incorporating commercial company;
export trade; have means to Invest myself;
big proposition. X Y Z, box 4SCS. Call office.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
AJtadcna Investment Syndicate, 70S Market
tt.. San Francisco, Cal.
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-bouse; good lo-
cation; ion rent: steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2SC3. Call office.
A GROCERY and liquor store at Invoice; sun-
ny Ilvinc rooms, with bath; pries $800; rent
I $20. A. STENBERG &. CO.. 783% Market.
$1500 — CANDY store, factory and icecream par-
' lcr on Market st. ; old established; good trade.
; Central Agency. 003 Market st.
j FOR tale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
; located in Cal. ; .assays $40 to $70 ton; trado
; for r'm'g hous* or bustiu>E3.Cameron,3 Eddy.
I FOR rale — BeFt little restaurant In city; rent
i $43; ctrtr2l; rcccipls $.';."» to $40 day; must
leave tcvn; price SUMO CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
$7r/>^VVHOLESALE fruit and produce busi-
nen; in wholesale district; old established;
. owner wlsht-a to rf-tlre. Box 3762. Call. *2
WANTI3D— To buy small bakery without
wapon route; city cr vicinity. Address box
2007. Call.
I FOR sale— Dental practice, established 9 years, ,
instruments and furnished house of 7 rooms,
$1000; cr dental practice $500. Box 4S62, Call.
NOTIONS, candy, light groceries: cheap rent;
fcur fine living rooms. 131*0 Sanchez sti take
Castro-st. car. corner of Twenty-sixth st.
j DELICATESSEN fctcrc wltlf home boarders
' and thrrf livinc rooms; rent $20; must be
tol.l. Call 410 Ninth tt. .. .)
FOR eale— A stin and bicycle house;' good lo-
cation ant", business; pood reason for selling.
For term* apply S23 J st., Sacramento. Cal.
j TO LKT— Chicken ranch; rent $10. Apply 1938
I Mission' st. . • - ¦"
j BARCKR shop for sale cheap; running 3 chairs
I CaU'219 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
! WANTED— Partrer with $175 In barber shop
I at "C2 OTarrell fct. Apply. at once.
) $1M)— SALOON: jrocd locality; rent $20: 3 llv-
lr.gr roor.-s. Central Agency. 03.1 Market st.
BROWN & CO.. business brokers, cst. 1880: ad-
vertising money advanced. 1221 Market st.
SALOON — Must bs sold by Tuesday noon. See
my agost. BROOKBANK, 710 Market 6t.
GROCnrnY and tar for sale. For particulars,
.".10 Front tt.
TO EKLL or rent — A restaurant on account of
loaV.ng city. 2SSI ICth et.. near Howard.
CIGAR ftcre and :; rooms; furniture for sale;
cheap rent. Inquire 21>4t Mission st.
?Cr>0 — Exprrsg business on principal t>f.. with of-
flce nr. P.n. »ta.;,3 wagon*. Box 3724, Call.
BARBEPJ5— For yale. liydraullo chair, rnirro'r
and work Hanci: cheap. 2837 Greenwich st.
BXVXiOii and crocery for sale; cor. of Fifteenth
ave. acd Q Et. South; established 14 years.
CHTCAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
CaU. 1C pages. M>nt to any .address In the
tjr.lt*d State* or Canada one year for $1.
j cAiirnr ukatinu ami clkam.ng!
AlK compreMcd, dry. , Ice cold, is now unlver-
1 tally used In tanUary cleaning carpets, on
1 f.ocr. v.-nhout removal cr Injury* prices mod-
erate. Apply S. V. ¦ COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 3237.
WHEN you become difgustrd . with your work
*csd for SPAULDINcVS Pioneer Carpet-beat.
tor. Works. MX-3S7 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
j THY H&pke . Dro*. ; rarp«$t beating: mattressej
I made ov»r. 1422 Howard; tel.. South 216.
W F.STKRN Carpet Craning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison rt.:.Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission ; 221.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tet. Main 391. GCO. , TTALCOM & CO.. Props.:
RUDOLPH Sr CO.. carpet-beatiog works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2«S.
CONKLIN'S Superior ' Carrct-bcatlng Works,
533 Cclden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
/ ¦ '• ¦ "'' • y • :... ¦¦Cloudy and unsettled weather prevails over
the Pacific slope north of .Central California.
Light ruins have falkn from San Francisco
northward to Oregon and Usttt how over the
Reeky Mountain region. - ''
The pretsur* has rls»n rapidly ov»r the Pa
cific slope during tho^wist twenty- fcur hour3.
but Is beginning to fall ' asain along ths
Washington eo&st.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary, -west Of tho Rocky Mountains nnd la
nearly normal.
Forecast made at Kan Frtnr'sc-o for thlrty
hour* ending: midnight. December M:
Northern CallTornla — Clo-ndy and threatenlr.s
Monday, prcbably with nhowers Inf the worth
portion, fair In south portion; lfght northwest
wlnd3. • ' ¦¦..".-¦
Sonthern California— Fair Monday; light
•trrtX. wind.
Nevada — Fair .Monday.
San ' Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
Monday, probably light: showers: light nortfe*
irest wind. O. H. "WILLSON. : ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
Last ¦ This Last
Stations 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. — •• O- 0 * 1455 1066
led Bluff OOO 8.JS 12.02
Sacram-nto 0.12 3.«W 5.3O
San Francisco..; 0.01 4 .»...- ft. 10
Fresno ».0f> 0JW * •"
Independence O.no 0.42 0.S5
San Lnls Oolspo ..... 0.00 0.44 4.93
Lcs Angeles 0.00 0.411 3.20
Sah Diego : • 0-00 0-*> 3.M
THE COAST RECORD.
~~ . g - a k o 2 .?
L --¦j;- t : r- ¦ 'I 3? -|| z~ iZ -s
STATIONS. I 11511 |? ?"•¦.¦-.-.£
-h'i. .'¦¦' ? g. 5. • ? 5"
:- §• « : : . ?
Farallcn .30.21 Oft ' M ' E Cloudy A9
Biker 30.38 30 28 NE Fogrr .10
Carson ....... 30.1S M 40 NW Pt.CMy T
Eureka 3O.l« «2 -46 - SW Cloudy .03
Fresno 30.22 60 3d NW Clear .Co
FlagstafX 30.04 50 24 .N -Clear :.CO
Pocatello 30. 2« 33 « SE Cloudy. , .01
Independence 30. IS 54 30 NW Clear .CO
i Los Angeles.30.10 «S 48 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals30.24 00 4« SW ' ' Clear .30
North Head.. ...'. .. 42 V. .:... .,
Phoenix 30.10 66 40 • SW Pt.Cldy .CO
Portland ..-..MM* 4S 44 NW Clear T.
Pt. Reyes ...SO. IS 54 51 SE Cloady.- .09
Red Bluff 30.2* 52 4*$ BE Cloudy .04
Roseburg ...30.18 51 « NE Pt.Cldy T-.
Sacramento ..30.2rt 5O 4« NW Ctoudy ' .1*
Fait Lake....S0.2:> 42 32 NW Cloudy. .00
, San Franetsco.10.2tt ."V4 4S NW Cloudy .M
8. L. Obispo.:M).l« 7ft ffl N-. Clear- ¦
San Diego ...30. OS 62 W) NW Clear .00
Seattle •• .30.22 4J» 42 F. Clear .02 .
Spokane »>.3« 32 26 W Cloudy .02
Tatccsh 30. 1» 4»! 42 E Cloudy .«W
Walla Walla.30.S2 44 . » W Fcggy .00
Wlnaemucca 3O.2«t KJ 32 8 Clear - T.
Yuma 30. C3 70 48 N Clear .CO
Toilet cases In bnckhorn. celluloid and
leather. Handsomest line ever. Sanborn,
Vail & Co- 741 Market street. •
Weather Report.
120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 13. 1003— Jo. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hour3.
Crossed wires caused a small blaze
in a blind cloaet above the door of the
Diamond Parlor Jewelry Company, at
722 Market street, shortly after 11
o'clock yesterday morning. The' fire
men in charge of the chemical engine,
had control of the blaze after only a
moment of work. Some jewelry in the
windows and the front of the store
were considerably injured by water
and debris scattered by the firefighters
In their attempt to put out the con
flagration.
Small Fire in Jewelry Store.
Frank Riley, coal, hnerchant. 141
Converse street, got into an alterca
tion .with an unknov.n man on How
ard street., near Ninth, early yester
day morning and was knocked down,
his head striking the ' sidewalk ¦ with
considerable force. The unknown man
ran away and George McClellan of 133
Ninth street, who saw the fight, tele
phoned-to the poflce station. Riley
was. taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital in the patrol wagon, where
it was found that he had .sustained a
lacerated wound of the scalp and pos
sible fracture of the skull.
Rlley Suffers In Fight.
Litigation between the belligerent
parties will occupy the attention of the
Superior Court to-day.
There was a meeting of the executive
committee .of. the Wholesale TYuit and
Produce Merchants* Protective Associ
ation on Saturday night, at which it
was decided to make a vigorous fight
against the rulings of the Eoard of
Harbor Commissioners, botli in the
courts and generally.
The association adopted a declaration
of principles, in the nature of tn ex
planation and defense of Its course in
its contest with the board and certain
newspapers. The following points,
among others, are set forth:
We have confidence In public opinion and
are willing to abide by the peop le « £«*»««•
¦We are the victims of an unjust •**•**¦**««*
newspaper, which has sttematlxed ua J* prtce
nusrn and boycotters, neither of . whl ch *•
are. The public ha« been prejudiced by tnes«
eV The'O Phase, of the controversy will te.
settled in the courts, but we «»e«!rei to ¦•*««:
tain falsehood* at rest It has ***^******
that we have raised the price of Pf 0 **;'";
whereas we have nothing to do with prtc«a
and our members are competitors. t No a«so
clatlon could control prices of P 0^ 0 !"-^
like prcducts. There are mUlloni of l »
raised on this coast annua.lly. and It is fteyon?
the power of *n aMoclatlon t» control prices.
We have never attempted this futile task.
We rernlate hours and methods only. Be
fore we organized wholesalers wer« worlttn*
their porters, weighers, draymen and. salesmen
from S a. m. till 6 p. m.. and now they ar«
working from 7 a. m. till 5 p. m. only. Our
rules have made life sweeter for alt en»a«ed
and we have never sought to overthrow th»
great law of supply and demand that ever
regulates the prices paid for perishable prod
uct*. Statements to th« contrary are false.
The public should understand that the Co
lombo Market, with which the wholesalers ar»
In no manner associated. Is the only organi
zation In San Kranclsco that attempt* to fix
the prices of vegetables. That market: asso
ciation fixes prices each week.
A large demand for potatoes In ths East.
where the marHet has failed, and the great
growth of San Francisco, with the accompany,
mg diminution of garden area, have made,
prices slightly higher than last year— but ws
ar* In no way responsible for this fact. j
The impression has gone abroad that -our
licenses have been reveked:. but no board, has
such power. The commissioners have nr»
power beyond State property, and tha"t
power, we hold, has been exercised Il
legally. We hav« not been given a hear
ing and we never have refused to sell ta
anybody on State property. We ask the pub
lic to withhold criticlwn until our battles hav««
been tried, not by one newnpsiwr, but in the
courts. The firms are all In business and Cal
ifornia laws have given no commission the
power to revoVe general licenses or to control
us In any way, outatde of the wharves. '
Me«t and Issue Appeal to Pub
lic to Suspend Judgment Un^
til Courts Act on the Matter
SAY DO NOT FIX PRICES
Defy Harbor Board to Control
Them Beyond /"Wharves, and
Question Methods There
PRODUCE MEN
DECLARE ISSUE
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY DECEMBER 14, 1903.
11
American archaeologists have secured
a ¦ concession from theTurklsh Govern-
ment ;t» make"; excavations on a -site -to
the northeast of the ola city at Babylon.
I THE CHRISTMAS CALL, f
'• A NUMBER OF SURPASS- ::
J IXG ATTRACTIVENESS, J
:: WILL BE ISSUED NEXT J
• : SUNDAY, DECEM- |
I BER 20. , f
'- '> Place Your Orders Now f
'.'.¦ '¦¦ ¦ — s — - I£
Th« most dlatiasmlsaod and T
** sumptuous paper cl tho Tnlrtide. T
• * Its brilliant- pages contain contri* *:
• * buttons from many leading 1 writers T
T of the day, and tie striklnsrly i
characteristic work of Its staff J.
. . contributors will make it s> truly .*,
, . dolUrhtfnl and Interesting- paper, .j.
. . With thir iesce will be present- J.
. . ed, absolutely free of charre. J.
J. "Becoratinc fcr the Party," that .".
. . charming- picture by Bryson. "Dec- .?.
i. oratln.fr for the Party" 1b acothe; JU
•I* of tho popular Oold Series, and, X
• • like its companion pieces, " "Se- 4-
• • dorah," "Admiration" and "At the -;•
• • Opera," will adorn, the walls of 4-
• • many of tha homes of the Great •$•'
• • West. 4*
••Newsdealers and areats will do 4*
•• well to order early, as the supply •!-
• • ta limited. ... . . ,. rj«
9 .^i.:H^¦^¦^^^¦^^'^l'^;MH¦.^¦^ l :^I^^^ l^ l H^ q
ROOMS. TO LET— Fiirn. nnd Cnfnrn.
MISSION, 1207". top floor— Front room for 2;
price reasonable.
NINTH,' 119 (Glllesple)— Nicely furnished room*
$1 50 to $2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
O'FARRELL. 739 — Handsomely furnished,
-large, sunny room; phone, bath; private fami-
ly; references. ~ . ' V • ¦¦':
PACIFIC, 1413— Furnished room to let.
PINE. 704— Furnished room; suitable for 1 or
2; one, $0; two. $7 50. .
PINE, 1076 — Large furnished room, suitable for
1 or 2; running water; reasonable.
POWELL 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentlttj 'also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 • Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readlr.g-room, smoklne-room and ladiee' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month.. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: bathb.
SIXTH 32S— A newly and nicely furnished
front' room with grate: also others. .
SUTTER. 230 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up. ,
THE Preston, 217 Larkln— Elegant rooms to
let; $1 50 to $3 week. ;
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market^-400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 73 to $fi week; elec-
'trle lights (no gas) and- running water in
every room; elevator, parlor, reading-room;
free bus; baggage. .
VALLEJO, 1118, phone Sutro 4018—3 unfur-
nished rooms; use of bath; 4 closets.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
¦ suites and single roqmg; all conveniences.
JACKSON. 1519— Furnished room, with house-
keeping privileges. \-
LARKIN. 1054— Nicely furnished room, tmit-
able for two; gas, bath; private family.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
:i5c to $1 5i> night; $2- to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received • at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been oren*d at -100S Market Bt.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
KOO.1IS AND BOARD.
A— HOTEL BALTIMORE,
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PBIVATB EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
ML'NGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
A 3~HOTEL HATTON
8. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated in the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences; will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
be made on prcmisea dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL, 1704 Market St.— A
strictly flrst-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American p'.an.
A - ¦ THE DRESDEN HI*.
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
FAMILY boarding-house. 1070 Valencia; flrst-
class board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate.- «
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., its* changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel: table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. S07 California St.— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best tab!* and
service; lowest rates.
A THE NIARA. 615 TAYLOR ST.—^^
BUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH BOARD.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family; $6 per week.
TWO rooms and board fonparty of four pleas-
ant people. Box 3765. Call. ¦
KOUAIS AND UOAHI) WA.NTfclJ.
GOOD country hoard, with conveniences, not
more than 2 hours from city, for a lady con-
valescent. Address 622 Golden Gate ave.
SEWIXO MACHINES-AND SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing-machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20; slightly used; needles 20o do*.
NEW HOME S. M. CO. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES la EARS
positively cured: new mrthod; 1 week's treat.'
mem free. Dr. Ccttingham. 204 Sutter -st.-
STli'TTERIXG AND STAJIMERIXQ.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curn
In every case; Individual teaching: no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;hom» cur*.
T VPE WRITERS AXD SUPPLIES, i
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other, typewriters at
* higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good -typewriters at $30 each; get. par-
ticulars Of ,L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.'. ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. SOS Market.
proposal's!! ~
notice to contractors,
office of the board of. state har-
bor Commissioners. Union Depot and Kerry
House. San Francisco, CaiUornla. Novem-
ber 10. 1903.
Ben led . proposals, or bids will be received at
this oifice at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. December 23, 1003. for the
construction . of a section of seawall and
wharf along tame to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
Hunt of tr-e City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plana and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of trie Board and adopted by tha
Board August 27. l'.io:.!. and on file In this
oitlce, to which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In lurnUhtng Ail ma-
terluls and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with end . embankments
and a wharf. -It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 30,000 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the writer front line, six hundred (b'00>
feet northerly along said water front line.- .
The materials to be used for tha construe- 1
i tion ot the seawall and end embankment*
will consist of atone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration- by the action of
sea water or air. 4
Two classes of stone ' will be recognized.
Th«» flrst clasn will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In , fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tlon will be made to stone larger than four
cubic- feet; this class of stone must be free
of seams and. marked lines of cleavage: - • •
The second ¦ class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes, but
no stone U-fs than five pounds will be ac-
cepted »t the auarry. V- . .
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close - grained, Douglas
yellow fir plies and yellow. fir lumber (mer-
chantable Quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, spikes," etc.. all • of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless it Is .made
on a blank form furnished from' this 'office
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent i of j the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the. order of the Secre-
tary of the Board, as a guarantee on the
part Of. the successful bidder that he will
within «lx (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter ( nto a written contract to do
tald work, according to the plans and speci-
fications prepared therefor, and wllr also
t execute, and flic. with this Boflrd a .bond in
such sum a» the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to oe approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
" and conditioned for the faithful performance
of euch contract; nor will. said bid be con-
' sldered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary at
':. the office of. the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'.clock p. m. on Wednesday, December
• 23 l!»03, nt whlclf time and place the bid«
-. will b» opened. ' .
The board reserves . the right to. reject any -or
nil- bids It deemed for the best Interest of
the'SUte. - •'¦' • ./ n
Bldd'rs are invited to be present ot the open-
ing of the bids. ¦ ..¦ ¦ , ", u
CHAB. H. SPEAR, .
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK
. :. - J. D. : MACKENZIE. .'.
. ' Board of State Harbor Commissioners
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
s ... .. JOHN M.^ FOY.. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bids will
¦< be 1 Mcelved until; 12 '.o'clock* noojj, -Jan. 2
-10C4,, at the "office of Tonopah Mining Com-
r> pen>- Butler rcstoffice. > Nev., • for the '- con-
: f strucflon ¦ of ; Tonopah- railroad "from
Rhodes.- Nev., td Tonopah. Nev..* distance ap-
¦ :ijrOxlmately sixty- miles; plans, specification*.
prAfile. etc., can be seen at the office of the
chief . engineer at Tonopah,. ... ',
MOXKY TO r.O.*X — Cnnflnn^rt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans -money to
salaried employes. -R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH Icunej salaried people «>n LOte* without
ln^.orfpr. MOnELL. »V9 Examiner building.
3IOXKY W'JLSVKV.
A— 5 PF.R CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $1CO and upward: no "Ret-
ri<-h-quick" swindle, turf epef'Jlatlon or gam-
bHr.K scheme, but a reputable, established
businrrg rnterprls; in Pan Francisco: cleared
$67.G<*} 1«M year on SIOO.GOO capital; stock
Increased $2O,Yx<> to enlarge the lilar.t; call or
write for particulars.
I CERMA.VIA INVEST*. CO.. H27 Market st.
| MUSICAL INSTHUMKXTS.
! A~FEW SPECIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
Collard/ $t3; Emerson. $G5; Filsher, $70;
Millor. fl75; Chickering. $167; American.
$lf!5- Heine. f-i~>: Haynes. $150; Stelnway.
flHo': StWnway. large etyie. $325. and .fifty
others. Itenta. $2 up; Installments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary street;
I Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
j J'. O, bldg^ •
' THE holidays are close at hand r.nd all who
conteffljjlata selecting a piano are advisrd to
ecK-ct thi» we<k to as to avoid the delay of
rush week. A h-mall payment down will ae-
cure lh»- Instrument and delivery can be
made when you wifh; $150 u| ward is all you
ne.d ray. THE ZKNO MAL'VAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7o-j Market st. ¦
j WE rent the rx-st piano in the city for $3 per
month; we allow six months' rental and
cartage <$20) eft purchase price, thua giving
you a fix months" trial of the instrument for
hothinfc; our terms an<1 rrlces cannot be
1 equaled In Wan Francipco.
i SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60-S4 Hayes et.
¦ A~~FINE~l^t of second- hand upright* from $50
up. including such makes as Chickering, Vose,
Kroegrr Curiaz KliUham, Pease. Hardman,
Marshall & Wendell, Baus and others. BENJ.
CL'RTAZ & PON. 10 OKarreli et. No
branches in Ssn Francl^o.
' A TKEJIKSDOUP -acriflce: unredeemed stor-
age planrs and furniture selling to pay stor-
I age; dirt cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1C36
Market st. Open e\enincs.
BAND Instruments; F. B*»s«on. Paris. mal;?r;
Gus Maiuald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful rer&irir.p; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
GOOD viMln for tale. 17 Fourth St.. room
-± il '-
$65 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 210 McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos
& furniture. 1C3C Market st. Or>en evenings.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
BEAT'TIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHVER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st^
SUPERIOR vlolir.5. either*, old and new. H.
MULLEU. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
TO let — A large, well lighted double store, with
three living rooms attached; situated at 272
Ninth pi.; rent $30. Apply baker}-, 1317 Fol-
eom et. i
TO LEASE — In center of wholesale district;
large, light basement with concrete floor; SE.
err. Market and Second sts. : 65x175: will b*
put in good condition; rent reasonable.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st.
2 LAP.GE stores and finished basements; ajde-
walk elevator; Valencia «t., near 16th. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 2'i Montgomery st.
LARGE store with living rocms * and base?
rn»r?t. 1413 Castro St. : rent $1B: water fr?e.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1. 1903. & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I w|l] make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition, in
the drug store windows may be. rcen at my
office this week from 10 to 5. In order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'FarreM «t.. near Larkln: Call or wr!U
for book explaining niethod.
BARON-8 CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE. 71
Young ladles steadily employed can have
•Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
euits to order, on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vinre yourself by calling on BARON. 782
Market et. ' . .
THE Star Hair Remedy restore* gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops railing, cures dandruff
and itching Ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission fct.. cor. 11th.
NOT how cheap but how good Is tbe motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 16 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Centra? Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Butter et. : fee moderate. .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine' and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow BarV. Co..
1»C9 Polk St.; consultation free; call or writ*.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed.- Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket St., room 203; phone South 751.
AT !es« than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
ar.d trouters at CHARLES LYONS'; London
Tailor. 721 Market Et. ;
ELEGANT cults on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutcnia Hall. Howard St.. nr.
9th; Prof. Foster; scclety dancing taught.
FINE fnuin* diamonds, watches, Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Rltter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE co«—- -»*s. play bcok«. wig»;
cour.try cr.i»m. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order en Installment!. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. mcreh. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec.
trie neeile. Dr. & Mm. Traverse.. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE Milt $7 50; dress pant* $2 50.
Misf.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at nil druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with e!ec»
trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The. Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
be^n craned at 1008 Market *t.. opposite
Fifth. Own until 11 p. m.
PAL3I &TRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific jialmist and astrolo-
girt; palm, readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 1159 Post st.
MME. NEETIOAARDB class In palmistry be-
gins Per. 1, 8 p. m, 242 Post St.; terms $10.
EL JEKOME FOSELLI. scientific palmist: 515
Tftyior gt.. near Geary,, Phone -Stack 561.
F.VPKRHASl'GIXG. PAI.VTI.XG. ETC.
CALL at C27 Turk st- cr phone Butter 154 for
r>aj<rhanging. painting and paper cleaned.
Pepf-ring; reasonable rat^s; tiptlng, painting.
IIartm«nn Paint Co.. 319 Gd; tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIAA'S AXD SlflGEO.\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Of flee and residence.
l<J21>i Market ft.. \rtt. Cth and 7th; particu-
.lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, rkln and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. .BALL. 1073H Market st.
ItEM OVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
tracts all daises of the human body for
past four years at 115-117 M»5on: now io-
catcd st <*Ti Ge&Ty Et., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, sucrewcr to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb dTctor^ cures all diseases of human
by us«- of hoir.E and teas. 727 Washington at.
DR. H. C. WONG, 71» Post et.; all diseases
currd by Clilneso herbs; consuh&tlon free.
WONO WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
pstry cured by Chinese herbs. 740-S Clay st.
S TO RACK A.MJ WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage t Van^oTT^urnlture"
household, goods stored, moved, e&lpped. 723-
7S1 Howard «t.. cr. Third; phena Grant lei.
PIERCE-UODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
flee Post and Powell gt,s. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. # 57l.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. a.*3 Golden Gate ave.: phone. Ea«t 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; mo
_Mjf£lon ft.; tel. Howard Stl. F. W. Zehfu«».
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlrg~Corn-
psny. 232!) Flllmcre «t. : phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van snd Stcrag* Co.. 11 Montgomery
ct.; tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut ratea.i>\
.BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by j
mall «:IM not bfi lnssrted. They must be, handed '
In at eithtr of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
aonr- authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event «re published once In this column
free of cha/ge.
BORX.
SHERMAN— In AlamejJa. November 26. ltXXJ,
to tl>e wife of T. P. Sherman, a son.
STENSLAND— in this city. December 10. 190S,
to the wife of Caotain A. Stensland, a son.
VELLGUTH— In this city, December 13, 1UO3.
to the wife of Clarence Vcllguth, a son.
WRIGHT— In this city, December 12, 1003, to
the wife of William Q. Wright, a son.
WULFF— In thla city, December 2, 100'J, to
the wife of W. T. Wulff. a daushter.
ZIPFEL— In this city.' December 10. lOto, to
the wife of C. Eugene Zlpfel. a daughter.
, MARRIED.
ABBOTT— KEGLER— In this city. December
13, 1003, at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by
the Rev. Paul. Branke. Herbert P. Abbott
and Paula Kegler. both of San Francisco.
METZGER— DIEQKHOFF— In this city. De-
cember 3, 1903. by the Rev. Paul Branke.
William Metzger and Henrlette Dieckhoff,
both of San Francises. . i
DIED.
Bauerle, Wlnderlen Merrill, George W.
Boyle, Catherine Nicholson. John J.
Brady, James Peaaley, MaTtthew F.
Brown, Rutsell E. . Pergeaux. Anna
Burke, Davis C. Feterssn. Anna
Burling. Charles Plato, Minnie
Cecil, Theodore V. Puckhaber, John
Comyns. Catherine . Eels, John O.
Doran, Hazel F. Roese, Dr. C. H.
Ellis, Elizabeth Schllcker. Frederick
Halloran. Mrs. M. Schott-Daniels, Jen-
Heiuze, Carl F. nio
Levy. Margaret Smith. Christopher
Lucitt, John J. Stephenson. Robert
Lyons. Nora Swain. George
McCord. Alexander Tahitt, Joseph
McDonald, Wm. F. " Wormser. Louis
'Marlni, Lily * Wynne, Henry F.
BAUERLE— In this city, December 11, 1WXJ,
Wlnderlen Bauerle, a native of Germany,
aged -10 years.
BOYLE— In this city. December 12. 1903. Cath-
erine; beloved wife of Lawrence Boyle, and
mother of Lawrence. William, John and
Edward Boyle and Mrs. George Denny, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 58
years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances, are respect*
' fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 14, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 137 Welch street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the.repcsa of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BRADY— In thla city, December 12, 1003,
James, 'toeloved husband of Bridget Brady,
and lovlnc father of Matthew P., James
F., Mamie A.. Walter H.. Joseph A., Ed-
ward T., Eugene "and Thomas I. Brady -and
the late Eddie Brady, a native of the parish
of Kilmore, County Cavan. Ireland, aged 34
years 11 months and 18 days.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from his late
rteidence, 305 Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BROWN— In thla city, December 12. 1003.
Russell Edward, beloved son of Jefferson M.
and Laura M. Brown, and brother of Mil-
ford, Gladys, Mabel and. Minerva Brown, a
native of Point Arena, Cal., aged 5 years
8 months and 12 days.:
(DTFriends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
at 11:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 74S
Fourteenth street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland.
BURKE— In this city, December 13, liMtt,
Da via C, beloved husband of Kate Burke,
anrl fnt!>er of Laurlne Burke, a native of
Providence. R. I. , aged 63 years 7 months
And 20 days.
BURLING— In the City and County Hospital,
December 13. 10<Kt, Charles Burling, a native
of Sweden, aged 3& years.
CECIL — In Gilroy. December 10, 1003, Theo-
dore Vincent, beloved husband Of Mrs. Kate
Cecil, father of Katherine, Theodore, Louise
and Edward Cecil, . and brother .of Samuel
Cecil, late of .Virginia, City ,' v yej£.. a, native
of Maryland, aged 40 years'hruT.ll .month.*..
A member of Storey Lodge No. 3.. A. O. U.
W. , (Vlrglr.ia City, Nev., papers please'
copy.)
I ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 825 Ellis street, thence to St.- Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass win
be celebrated for the repose . of his soul,
commencing at- 10 o'clock. Internment strictly-
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. .. --"
COMYNS— In this city, December 11. 1003,'
Catherine M.. beloved wife of .Maurice
Comyns, and mother of C. J. ana F. L.
Comyns of this city and E. M. Comyns or
Seattle, Wash., a native of Ireland, . aged
60 ytars.
CIT Friend's are respectfully Invited to at-
tend tr.e funeral to-day (ilqpday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 232 Twelfth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at . 9 o'clock- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOE AN— In thla city, December 13. l»O3.
Hazel F., beloved daughter of James H. and
May Doran. sister of Ann*. Kate, Mary.
Rose, Alice, Eulalta, Grace acd the late
Alma Doran, -and granddaughter of James
Doran, aged 7* years and 2 months.
ELLI3 — At Ellis' Landing, Richmond. Cal..
December 12. 1903, Elizabeth, wife of the
late Captain George Ellis, mother of Selena
E., George E., William R. and Charles T.
Ellis, and slater of Mrs. Charles Ferris, a
native of Ireland, aged 57 years. «
(E^Fuheral services at the above residence
at 11 o'clock, Tuesday, December 15. Inter-
ment private.
HALLORAN — In San Rafael, December 12,
1003, Mrs. -Maria HAltoran. beloved wife or
Thomas Halloran. mother of Michael and
Belle Halloran and Mrs. T. E. Redding of
Nlcaslo, and slsttr of Mrs. Bcsste Reddan
of Vallejo and Thomas Neylon, a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged C3 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 14, at 10 o'clock, from her late
residMice; corner of Fourth and C streets.
San Rafael, thence to St. Raphael's Church,
where. a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of h:r soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HEINZE— In this city. December 13. 1903. Carl
Frederick, beloved husband of Emma A.
H'v'nzp, and devoted father of Mrs. Emma
Rasmussen and Julius, Paul. Martha. Alma
and Wllhelmine Helnzp, a native of Posen.
Germany, aged 01 years 10 months and 21
days. A member of. Norddeutschsr Vereln
and Shoemakers' -Union. . v
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrpw
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock,' from the parlors
-. of H. F. Suhr & CO.. 1137 Mission street.
/ between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city. December 13, 1003, Mar-
garet Ltvy, mother of Albert Levy, beloved
daughter Of David and ' Josephine Hedrlck.
nnd sister* of Mabel Hedrlck." a native of
Santa Barbara' County, Cal., aged 20 years
and 2 days. . :
LUCITT— In this- city, December 11. 1903,
John J., dearly beloved son or Margaret and
tho lat« Edward Lucitt. brother of Edward
F. and Josephine Lucitt.' Mrs. Edward B.
Carr and Mrs. ! Lanhan, and nephew of Jchn
. and Ar.nle - Sullivan, a native, of San Fran-
cisco. A membfer of Company A. First Cali-
fornia Volunteers. ,
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 34 Lafayetta street, thence to st.
Joseph'* Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his '
: «oul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
LYONS — In this city, December 12.1900, Nora.
' beloved ; daughter of the late Patrick and
Hanora Lyons, and sister of Katie. Julia,
Mollle, Frank and Nellie Lyons, Mrs. M.
- Hrstlch and Mrs. E. , McGlennon. ".
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), ut 10:30. o'clock, from the\ par-
lors of J. ¦ C. O'Connor & Co.,' 767 ' Mission
street. Interment at 8anta Clara, by ll:3o
o'clock train from Third and Towns:nd
streets. , ,
McCORD— In this city, December 12, 1903. at
his residence. 1214 Buchanan street. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Nellie 'L. Mc-
Cord, and '¦: brother of., tho late Jam: s and
"John McCord, a. native of Canada.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 121 1 Buchanan street. ? Services
* at'chapel of Odd, Fellows* Cemetery.' Friends
¦ and acquaintances ' are invited. :
McDONALD— In this city, -December '13. 11KH,
William- F.,- -husband- of the late Mary Mc-
3 Donald,' lather of Frances 'McDonald, son of ;
Henry and the late Bridget McDonald. 'and i
. brother ¦ of ¦ John -J. McDonald -and * Mrs. M.
Callaghan, a native of San • Francisco, aged
29 years. i
¦tT'Remalns.at'th! parlors of J.C.O'Con. |
. nor & Co., 7«7. Mission street, between .Third ;
, and Fourth; ;_' kv'.V" .'...- ;
James McGinn. — '* •'- .Henry Hans«a.~-
JAMES McGINN it CO., ¦
• .-.¦¦-''"¦ Formerly With* McGinn Bros.; \
Funeral' Directors and • Embalmers.- —^
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South. 676. / .'.".
BOL'SES TO LET.
A -PRINTED ttat of houses to let; eend for elr- '
"!»r. <¦¦ H. UMBSEN' & CO., 14 Men; ijo.T.ery.
A — HOUSES anfl flats to !»t: sfl irnnvns* list;
• ff"rv!o« absolutely frer; take arjvanta-e of
this decartmer.t : it will live you time and
trouble. Ccrdos Furniture Co.. VtS-259 Geary
it., on the i-^uare.
BEFORE mcv'.njr set our printed list of houses
to Ut. DALI'WIN & HOWl'LU 2S Po»t st.
LOST AM) FOUND.
LOST — Last evening about 6 o'clock, a yellow
akin purs* tvjth large sold racnogram an.i
turquoise Retting. Reward at Pslsce Hotel
offlre; toltUla.oa purse, p. w. w. R.
LOST— Male fox terri*r w:th black and brown
h*ad. Return t0 0-*0 Pao Et.; reward.
LIBEKAL reward for return of small avblta
*r»*ni^!; <« n *" ar * * n<5 *J»t». 30S2 Jack?on st.
FOUND— Sailboat. Inquire 32G Francisco
t;r»«. - .
IT mtO rev to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. need* old
rc\f. r-1 fllr»r in ttinl;. ?»» watch en sen
UKDICAL. •
MRS. DR. WYETH. fpe<-iaUrt <cr all female
coir.riaitit*;. inc-tant rrilef guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Pest «t.
MKS. PR. KOHL, reliable sperfelist for all fe-
male trouble* mnd irregularities: Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1006^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DOXNELI^AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this epeclaUct on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moi-t difficult cases treated;
advice *ree. Omce. 1018 Market St.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Nees — Expert
in obstetrics, fctnalo complaints; inxt. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; i5 years exper.
Sins. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
cpeciaJirt; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
TALENTED ameteur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. ra. Wedne»3«y: snlary ro object.
DR. ROSEN resides 2O3."i Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10 :
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
oiieinal niethod of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEX. 319 Powell et., opposite
Union square: all ¦llseayes cured by herbs.
aUSCCLLAXEOt'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 23-fcand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. UJ5-1S7 Fremont «U
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
P.epalr It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no paintir.g cr coating; good over old
Iron tin or ehingles; be«t for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR f ale — S2S laying hens. _I0 chlcke 2 months
old, SO rigtont, 3 Incubators, S brooders,
horse, vagen. buggy. 2 s*t» harness, working
implements, etc; place for rent. Inquire
LENGEMAN'S KToeery. Cth ave. S. aad L st.
5D-HAKD -machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, Ehafting, etc, etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: fee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130- 1£2 Beale st.
A — Fine TOlts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal MieSt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. in., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, rells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
?tc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear Et.
TYPEWRITERS, ellghtly used, sold at cost;
r.ew Unfierwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY cur men's thoes at $1 aad ' SI 60 pair •
root -Conn choes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 Sfl St.. Emn. bid.; catalog, freg.
ALTERATION ««Je— Best $2 50 hats, $1 6ft.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearnjr st.. near
Pine; open to S p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
DISPOSING of Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P.. 20
H. P.; attractive pries. T*e Tracy Engi-
neering Co.. 151 Fremont ft.. S. F.
SAILING ark for hunting and fishing. 328
Bush Ft., third floor. roora"4. ¦ s -" •
BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred English spaniel
pups, 6 weets £lfl, $5 and $10. 134S Folsom st.
FOR tale- — Very fine Cocker spaniel pups, C
weeks old. 71S Folsom st.
FV.iR *aJe — Elegaxtt eealsrkln coat, bust 38. 915
Pnik -«t. ¦ . ¦ - -
fOMr g^od eecond-hand gasoline engines, 1 f"o
12 H. P.. cheao. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
CLOT marhir.es cheap: Chicagos. Twentieth
Cesturtee. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. S33 Market.
EEEKS and safes; see the complete lm* at XSlfl
Market, ab. Van Neea. RICHARDSON BROS.
PrlEtinp otiice. 3 C.*J». presses, motor, cutter.
ty;e, ftxtnres; doing good business. 29S6. Call.
6A FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Eanery st. -
A VERY f.ne diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
N! "•¦ end cecond band machinery of all kinds.
KP.OGH MXPG. CO.. 51» Market st.
UOVING pictures, magic lanterns. taJe. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
MJLES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo st.
CAFES — Nrw and cecond hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market «t.
All bargains :cair.p stools end chair*; hammocks,
metal beds. mattres*<?«. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Etfiscn phonographs, records, supplies, movtng
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE er.g1ne*. automobiles and launches;
all Eixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
AEK for prices on second-hand typewrlen: all
makes. ALEXANDER fc CO.. 110 Montg-y.
A BRANCH office of Tbe Coll for the recep-
tion of advertisement* aad subscriptions has
been cxiened st 1008 MarUet ct.. opposite
Fifth. Open tmtU 11 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS WAATS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1143 SJaxket et.; phene Jessie 3741. or portal.
I TAY highest prices tor all kinds of cast-off
clotblr.g; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Felsom.
WANTED — A FmaJl screw cutting lathe and a
motor to run It. Box 48S1, Call office.
MOTOR, 2 h. p.. also stitching machine wanted.
Hex 3770, Call office.
TILTON wants good secrnd-hand clothing and j
theatrical goods. 154 »th et.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MCXCV TO LOAS.
AAA^HEKi : AN~*MURPH Y.
C01-B02-603 Examiner bvllfling.
Quick cettlemtnts; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Ertat*-«. tecond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous trrtitmer.t. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Msnev
See JIET1MAN MUltrHY.
ATRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on-fur-
JT niture. r'anos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. IC. Phelan bid., tel. Main 701.
A— 1 per cent PB furr.it.ure or piano; no remov-
al; r.p commirfcicn. no publicity ;$25 up; quick, j
prlve.!",- confidential. 26 Montgomeiy, rm. 7.
ADVANCES .on furciture and pianos without
rf-movaj; to permanent «alaried. people on
their note without security cr knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no coir.rr.!i;fcion. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and tttf Dcnohoe
fc-jil<iir:jr. 1170 Market et.
MONEY leaned to salaried Peop>. retail mer-
chants, tea.aisu-r!'. boarding-nouses, without
fwcurity; easy r> a >'ment«; largest business In
IC principal cities. Tolrran. 553 Pariott bldg.
HKJHLY rerpectabie private rlace to obtain [
liberal advances on diamoncs. Jewelry, at
2 per cent interest. Baldwin J^-.i-flry Store.
M6 Market; ttl. ilain 1C44. Branch. 13 Third, j
: j
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 O.ant ave., j
LOANS FROM fl TO $10.000
MONEY to loan on low Interest; nold. silver, |
diamonds pearln and precious clones bought
ft W. J. HEgTHAL'S. 10. Sixth et. !
NEW easy cvthod— To wage-eamers on unin- j
dor*ea note*: absolute privacy. Fidelity;
Locn Company. • rooms 4S-4», Chronicle bids, j
TO f ,-.!;-.r ;«-¦-; people v.^thout rreur'ity: rn furni- (
ture; indoTfce-d tiotes' ec<J ether security. S. F. j
Dlfccunt Agency. 141 Pfcelan fcu'.lding. ,
AT low-it rate* on furniture and pianos; Btrict
privacy; r.o c^mmlEslon:!nstallment? accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. .Conservatory building. |
OPEN Credit Ass'n, loans on salaries cenflden- |
tlally: new.slmple plan. Room 50. SIS* Market, j
21 ON rurnitur* £ pianos; $15 op: no removal:
'»»*'* con. - V. TREMAIN. room 8L C Eddy st.
I PER <-?nt on furniture cr p!ano. 1 003 Mu-
tual Eav!nr» Bank fcldg.. 708 Market St." •
ALL I'ir.cii diamonds «nd Jeweiry 2 per cent j
ma B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5G& Kearny. I
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
MODERN ccttages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 room*— *20CO.
« rooms— 63230.
6 rccms — J350O.
fi rorms — $:tCCO.
7 rorrns — $41C0.
h rocme — SifiOO.
Located on First and Second aves. bet.
Geary and McAllister «t. cars and one block
north of park.' F. NELSON, builder.
$1100— COTTAGE of 5f rooms; 2718 Diamond
ft.; V. block Of Guerrero-fet. cars ; rents for
$12 rer month. ., ..
2 lots on Buena Vl«ta ave., $125 each.
1 lot on California ave.,. $500: terms.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission et.
FOR choice list of city property, houses and
lots, also Oakland and Berkeley bargains.
Call on or address
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
FOR ;--ale — A larce first-class residence. 12
rooms; 407 Fair Oaks «. Apply premisas
cr 121 Geary, icom 5O."L
3 FINK building lotE. 2."ixlOO. on Nevada ave.,
near Cortland ave.; very cheap. Inquire at
22S Waller tt.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at. 6- per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN — Fine, new 6-room cottage; \irge
basement; $350O. Owner. (578 I'th ave., nr. C
ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ah! inch & Mayer, plumbers. 83(5 Howard st
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 6.10 California sU
HEAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good Improve-
ments; rood location: connected v;lth San
Fraircipco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth St., Oakland, Cat.
$15,000—173 1-3 acres, one mile south from
Yountvllle, Napa County; vineyard, hay and
train ; balance woodland: 7 springs and run-
nlng water. GEO. F. VOLZ. 762 Fulton St.
FOR rent — ?2oO» per year. 12 acres full-bearlnsr
orchard; buildings and yards for 100<» poul-
try. 3 miles from town. GEO. C. YOUNG.
Petaluma- '
FOR farms, orchards and vineyards, poultry
and stock ranches, timber and graitng lands,
call or send for our catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL & CO.. 507 California st.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. €03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock . ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
A BIG list of all classes of ranches; state
whafs wanted and I'll send descriptions.
N. D. KICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FOIXT HLICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 328 Bush *t.. third
floor, room 4.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M' NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; 5 rooms, bath, pantry, city water,
nice mantel, folding doors, brick foundation,
high basement, all fenced and cross-fenced,
chicken houses, stable, etc.; fruit trees, flow-
er garden; lot 50xlC5; price $2250; terms $150
cash, balance $18 per month; 2 blocks to sta-
tlcn and street cars: open Sundays. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin Station.
$850 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms; fruit trees, chicken-
house; lot 45x125: 3 blocks to both ferry lines.
1 block to electric cars, stort, school and
church: terms. $75 cash, balance same as
rent $12 50 per month. Open Sundays. O.
A. RUDOLPH, Lorln Station.
$1250 — Going like hot cakes; see that fine
lot In the Wheeler tract; size 50x120; view is
unsurpassed In California; come and see It.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
-2r53 Center St.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS-
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAAD REAL ESTATE.
$11-50 ONLY for- a cottage" 6 rooms, bath,' etc.:
In East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN& CO.. 466
Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
955% Washington and 610 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board; special rates to families.
MONTANA House. 32fli Eighth St.; sunny
suite* and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st-.cor.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Pine at.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits; $30 up;
tteam heated, electric lighted: free bath.
FIRST. 230, near Howard — 1 or 5 housekeep-
ing rooms; central location; rent low.
GEARY. 1933 — $1£; adults: 4-com. roome; 2
beds. bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas stoves.
HOWARD. 1310— Single and housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnished ana sunny; reaeon-
a blc. •
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front suite and kitchen,
$20; range; bath; adults.
MODEL HOUSE. 120S Stockton st. — Newly fur-
nished rooms, $5-*12; bath. gas. phone.
NINTH. 157 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms, nice-
ly furnished.
O'FARRELL. 918— Sunny handsomely furnish-
ed parlor floor of 4 rooms.
SOUTH PARK. R4 — Large sunny front room;
convenient for housekeeping; gas. |
TENTH, 149 — One cozy light housekeeping
room; folding bed, gas stove, bathroom, etc.;
private. •
VAN NESS ave. 706— Two sunny front rooms;
a!po front basement suite and kitchen;
roasonable.
APARTMENT HOT73B8.
; : . MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Comer Pine and Taylor ats.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites:
furnished or unfurnished! none superior: ma-
rine view.' LYON & HOAG. 116 Montcomery. ;
~~ THE GABLES. "' "
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-!5-room
up-to-date apartments: furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rocms, also single ; furnished or unfurnished;
marins view; now open; references. - ..
~ HADDON HALL.
B51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— -Faro, and Unfarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
house. :;<w furniture; every room outside;
modem and sunny; prices from ft 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity: firft-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to 15 per week 'and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AEHWORTH. .120 Mason st.. bet. Geary and
Po«=t— Suite and tingle rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun In rooms all. day.
AT "Tiie Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— ltocm*. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
; BRYANT. 456 — A furnished room to let.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, eulte. single; also unfurnished.
CLAY, 102S^Large. sunny, furnished front
room. 1 or 2 persons; also single; $U to $10.
CLIFFORD. 204 EU'.s, ccrner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA.. 125. r >— Sunny furnished rooms!
single aud for housekeeping; reasonable. ..-
EIGHTEENTH, 3355-^-A furnished room to let.!
suitable for dector or dentist; also single
roemp. . .
FRANKLIN. 721, nr. G. G.nve— Front room;
sunny; all conveniences; suitable for 2; reas.
GLEN PARK' ave.,' 2« — One furnished room
to let. •
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— 1 large double rm.,
furnished complete; gas range, bath, laundry.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50e,
to $1 W night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room/
LAGUNA and McAllUter. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single rocm.
LARKIN.itltfB— Small, light room, large haK
closet, bath aad phone: reasonable. ' ."¦
MASON. 612.:' above Sutter— Xlrely ' furnished
Funny. room: suitable: for gentlemen. " - ;
MARINI— In this city. December 13, l»Oa.
' Lily, beloved daughter of G. a»d Angela
Marlni, and alster of Josephine. Mary and
Julia Marini, Mrs.- Delia Blanch! and the
late Ida and Laura Marini. a native of Sdn
Francisco, aged 4 months and 22 days.
MERRILL— In this city. December 12. liHH.
Ueorg» W. Merrill, beloved husband of Eu-
genia T. Merrill, and father of Mrs. D. J,
Makepeace, a native ol Amesbury. Mass..
aged 53 years.
C7Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his law
residence, «43 Oak street. Interment pri-
vate/
NICHOLSON— In this city. December 1X ViVi.
John Josenh, beloved husband of Mary Nich-
olson, father of Jennie. Edward and Frank
Nicholron, and son of John Nicholson, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass., aged 30 years.
PEASLEY— In this city. December 13, 16<B.
Matthew F., beloved brother of Mrs. Mary
A. Ott and Mrs. Llzxie McElroy. a native ct
San Francisco, aged 30 years 1 month aad V
C7Rerr.alns at the residence of his sister.
Mrs. Mary A. Ott. 1323 Vermont street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth
streets. .
PfiRGEAUX— In this city. December 13, 1SW1.
Anna Pergeaux, beloved mother of Louis,
Paul, Mary and Eugene Pergeaux, a native
of France, aged 43 years.
IvTrlen.i.s and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. December IC. 1003, at 0 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel ofV. S.. Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city. December 12. 1908.
Anna Petersen, beloved daughter ot Mr. and
Mrs. J. Peters* n, a native of Iowa, aged 13
years 2 months and 17 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, -from the. residence
of the parents, 2223 Taylor street, corner
Chestnut. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
PLATO— In this city, December 13. 1003, Min-
nie, btlovetl wife of the late Morris Plato,
and mother of Mrs. William J. Doran, Mr*.
K. J. Deadly ci.C George M. Plato, a native
of Posen. aged 70 years.
PUCKHABER — In this city, December 13, 1SHW,
at his residence. '1301 Fifteenth avenue
south, corner P street south. John, dearly
beloved husband of Meta Puckhaber, and be-
loved father of Charles R. Puckhaber, Mrs.
W. I. Stone, Mrs. E. L. Dunshee. Mrs. G.
Westphal and Mary, Matilda and Alice
Puckhaber. a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 72 years. A member of 8outh San
Francisco Lodre No. 45. K. of P. (New
York and New Orleans papers please copy.)
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
REIS — In this city, December 13, '1903, John
O. ReU. beloved husband of Belle B. Rela.
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years a
months and 10 days.
KTThe funeYal services will be held at
241:! W«6«ter street. Tuesday. December 15.
at 11 o'clcck. Interment private. Omit
flowers.
ROESE— In this city, December 12. 1903, Dr.
Charles H. Roeue. husband of Agnes Roeae.
and eon of Mrs. M. J. Roese. a native of
Buffalo. N. Y., aged S« years. (Buffalo pa-
pers pUase copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December, 14. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
6CHL1CKER— In this city, December 13. 1WXJ,
Frederick W., eldest and dearly beloved son
of Frederick L. and Agatha Schlicker.
brother of Alfred Bchllcker. and grandson
of Phillip J. and the late Catherine Apffel.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 'i
months' and lft days.
[CTFrlends" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the r^sldtnce
of his parents, 2204 Greenwich street, near
FUlmore. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
SCHOTT-DANIELS — In this city, December
11. 1003, Jennie Schott-Daniels. beloved wife
of N. H. Daniels, and loving mother of
Fred H. Schott, a native of California, aged
43 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 14, 19(XJ. at 1 o'clock, from the
' mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. COS
. Montgomery avenue, thence to Washlngton-
aquare Hall. Union and Stockton streets,
where services • will be held under the aus-
pices of Alcatra.s Circle No. 1. T, G. 8:, and
El Dorado Circle No. 12, U. Aj O. D. . In-
terment Moi'nt Olivet Cemetery". :
SMITH— In this city. December 11. 1000. Chris-
topher (Christ.).- husband of Elizabeth Smith,
and ftther of Mary Smith, a native of Dan-
mark, aged 42 years. A member of. Web
Pressmen's Union No. 4. iFresao papers
please copy.)
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
lTuesday), at 1 o'clock, from I. O. O. K.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Yerba Bufna Lodge
. No. 15. I. O. O, P. Interment Cypresj
5 Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission
. e^reet.- ' • - . v •
STEPHENSON — In Melrose. -December 13.
1903, Robert SieDhenson. beloved father of
Stanley, Charles and William Stephenson,
Mrs. Norman Pryde, Mrs. William Park and
Mrs. Georgs Glblln, a native of England,
aged T8 years and 8 month*.
SWAIN— On board steamer Bonlta, December
12, 1903; Oeorg*. dearly beloved husband of
Emma Swain, a native of the West Indies.
TABITT — In- this' city. December 11, 1903. Jo-
seph Tabltt. a native of Bayreuth. Syria,
aged SO years.
(CFiiends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1900 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
thence tcj St. Brendan's Church, corner Fre-
mont and Harrison Mreets. where services
will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
WORMSER— In New York City. December «.
1 1903, Louis, beloved husband of Anna Worrn-
ser. and brother of Isadore Wormser, a na-
tive of Germany.
|T7FrtendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitffi to attend the obsequies Monday.
December 14.' 1903, at 1:20 o'clock, at the
reciklence of B. L. Schmitt. 1603 Post street.
Interment private.
WYNNE — In this city. December 12. l»tt{.
Henry F. Wynne, beloved husband of Addle
Wynne, father of Henry and Arthur Wynne.
and brother of Margaret A.. Nellie R. and
William A. Wynne, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 44 years and 1 month.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tmsday). at 7:30 o'clock, from h's late
residence, 2S14 Mission street, thence to
Precita Parlor Hall. 266S Mission str-et. far
cervices, to be held under the auspices of
PreclU Parlor No. 1S7. N. S. G. W.. com-
mencing «t 8 o'clock than, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high maes will be celebrated for th# repose
of his »oul. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
OFFICERS end members of Precita parlor
No 187. N. S. G.' W.. are requested to meet
at Parlor Hall. 2*68 Mission rtreet. at 7:4A
o'clock sharp. Tuesday. December 15. to at-
tend tbe funeral of our late brother. Henry
F. Wynne. Fine for non-attendance.
PETER J. CURTIS. -President.PROMINENT CITIZEN WHO
PASSED AWAY SATURDAY
AFTER WEEK'S ILLNESS.
. MANCHESTER, N. ; H., • Dec. 13.—
Right -Rev.' . Dennis M. Bradley, .first
Bishop of the Catholic diocese of Man
chester, died to-day, aged 57."
Death Claims Bishop Bradley.
BOSTON, Dec. 13.— The death of
Judge Fletcher Ladd, for three yeirs
•Justice, of the Supreme Court, of the
Philippines, at a private hospital on
Saturday, was announced to-night.
Judge Fletcher Laddls Dead.
Robert Stephenson Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 13. — Robert
Stephenson, father of former City
Trustee Stanley 'A. Stephenson", died
to-day at his home, In Melrose, aged
77; years. Deceased had been ailing
for some time and his demise was ex
pected. He was a native of England.
Stanley Stephenson is now a resident
of Honolulu. .. . ; -A-
Edmund Byrnes, a laborer, 66 years
of age. who has been la the employ of
the Board of Public Works, was found
nearly asphyxiated In his room at 1811
Haight street early yesterday morn
ing. As soon as possible the laborer
was sent' to, the Park Emergency Hos
pital and later to St. Mary's Hospital.
He remained in an unconscious condi
tion during the day and until an early
hour this morning and It is feared that
fatal results may ensue.
Byrnes retired early yesterday morn
ing and soon after 5 o'clock -.the' por
ter of the lodging house detected the
odor of 'gas, and opening the door of
Byrnes'- room, discovered . the inmate
lying across the' bed and; gas flowing
into the room. - It -is: supposed that
i Byrnes was under the influence of in
toxicants when he went -home and that
he turned on' the stopper by accident. •
LABORER DISCOVERED
UNCONSCIOUS VlN ROOM
™T,, interestlR * sermons were
preached yesterday l n the . various
as a^llSlisi
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Solomon Loeb.
one of the founders of the banking firm
of Kuhn. Loeb & Co.. died last night.
He was a native of Germany and came
to this country in 1849 and settled in
Cincinnati, where he became a partner
in" the dry goods firm of Kuhn, Netter
& Co. In 1865 he removed to New York
City, soon afterward founding, with the
late Abraham Kuhn, the banking firm
of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. In 1900 he retired
from this firm.
Prominent Banker D*Ies.
Men who are great on little things are
apt to be little on great things.
Trapper'* Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggigtg. 50c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.*
A church membership certificate is not
a sleeping-car ticket. i
Little gold clocks, candlesticks, can
delabra and trays.- A dainty line for
Christmas. Pleases everybody. Sanborn,
Vail &. Co., 741 Market street. •
At a meeting of the Veteran Police
Association of this city, held yesterday
afternoon in the City Hall, the follow
ing were elected as officers of the as
sociation for the ensuing twelve
months: Sergeant A. J. Houghteling.
president; John Avan, vice president;
J. F. Moran. auditor; A. Sharp, treas
urer; C. P. Wright, secretary. There
was a large attendance of the ex
policemen present at the meeting,
some of whom made memorable rec
ords during the years of their service
on the force. #
Veteran Police Association.
Alexander McCord, the well-known
livery-stable keeper and pioneer, died
Saturday morning at 7 o'clock at his
home. 1214 Buchanan street, f The
deceased had been suffering from
heart failure for some time, and for
the last six weeks was confined to his
house with a complication of heart
disease and liver trouble.
• McCord was one of the well-known
men of San Francisco, having been en
gaged in business here for the last
forty years. The last twenty-five
year3 of his life he 'conducted the
Fashion Livery Stables.
In the early days, when street car
lines were few In this city, McCord
was the superintendent of the old
Mission-street line. The horse cars
were then in use and McCord had the
purchasing of all the horses used on
the road. For a number of years he
did all the buying for different firms
in the city using horses, and gained
quite a reputation as a judge of the
equine. Leaving the employ of the
Mission-street line, McCord opened
the Fashion Stables, on Sutter street.
Later on the stables were removed to
their present location^on Ellis street,;
Alexander McCord Dies.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery street, under Russ
House, and see the large stock of dia
monds, watches and jewelry at lowest
prices. Open evenings. •
The visiting delegates' will be enter
tained in the various cities of Califor
nia. The possibility of having a food
Fhow was discussed. A ladies' auxil
iary will be formed by the wives of the
members.
A joint committee made -up of eleven
members from the local organization
and eleven members from the State as
sociation has been formed to act as an
entertainment committee. Those from
the local association are: F. H. Corcor
an, Fred Meyer. F. Connolly, J. Lilien- i
thai. G. B. Doyle, J. Salamon, J. B
Hurley, H. Rawe, Charles Suss, p H '
Brown and H. Methmann. Those rep
resenting the State association are: San
Francisco. Joseph A. Stulz. J. s. Elliot
John Lackmann, William Lcr.hoff J j'
Hays; Los Angeles, E. W. Grams; San
Jose, H. E. Jones; Oakland. H. D. Cush
ing: Berkeley, S. J. Sill; Redwood City
R. E. Mourot; Alameda, L. Warnke '
Friday last the local organization had
a meeting for the formulation of plans
for the convention and entertainment!
of the delegates. The following officers I
were elected: Joseph A. Stulz. president !
of the State association, chairman of
the Joint committee, and Thomas H
Corcoran, president of the San Francis
co Retail Grocers, president of the ex
ecutive committee, of which President
Stulz will be a member. Fred Krueger
was elected secretary of the Joint com
mittee.
The Retail Grocers' National Associ
ation of the United States will hold its
seventh annual convention in this city
during the first week of May, 1304.
Fifteen hundred delegates will be
present from all parts of. the United
States, making the convention the larg
est ever held in the United States by
the retail grocers.
Around town McCord was well
liked and had many eminent men
among his acquaintances. * All who
knew him always found him a true
friend and a gentleman. His host of
friends and the respect they bore for
him were manifest yesterday, when,
by hundreds, they filed solemnly into
and out of the death chamber to view,
for the last time, the remains of the
one they had loved so well.
McCord was a native of - Canada
and came to , California in the early
days. His brother, James McCord,
was superintendent of the Sutter
street railroad at the time of the strike
on that line, over fifteen years ago.
Another brother, John McCord, was a
well-known hay and grain man of this
city and a member of the firm of
Scott & McCord. Both are now dead,
and the death of Alexander McCord
takes to rest the last of the brothers.
McCord was 60 years old and leaves
a wife in this city and three sisters in
Canada to mourn his death. The
funeral will take place this afternoon
from the residence of the deceased |
at 1:15 o'clock. The services will be :
held in the chapel of the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery and the body will be cre
mated. Friends .and acquaintances
are invited to attend the funeral. :_..»
where they were conducted by him
up to the time of his death.
Just received, latest Parisian novelties, Xmas
glove orders. Danlcheff. 121 Grant ave. •
Retail National -Association
to Hold Seventh Annual Con
vention in San Francisco
GROCERS WILL
CONVENE HERE
¦ By profession Wynne was a chemist
and pharmacist and conducted a drug
store at the- corner of Folsom and
Twenty-second streets, where he had
a lucrative business. His geniality and
excellent character won fqr him a large
acquaintanceship of -friends and med
ical men,- by whom -he was held in high
repute.
Wynne was prominent in several fra
ternal and social organizations, among
which were: Precita Parlor,.' Native
Sons, Woodmen of the World, American
Foresters, the National Union and the
California Cycling Club, in olmost all
of which he at one time held the office
of president.
The dead man was 44 years of nge
and leaves a wife, two -children, a
brother and two sisters to mourn his
demise. "He resided in San Antonio,
Marin County, during the past year.
When cycling was at its height in
this city. Wynne was one of the best
known followers of this sport. He
was an active Republican and always
took part in politics, though he never
expressed any desire to become an of
fice holder. At one time he was men
tioned for the nomination for Superin
tendent of Streets.
Henry F.' Wynne, a well-known and
popular business man of the Mission,
died Saturday evening from typhoid
pneumonia. He was prominently iden
tified with many of the improvements
made in that district during late years,
principally among which was the re
paving of Folsom street. He was al
ways an active worker for the better
ment of the district in which he con
ducted his business.
Paul Brown, a stevedore foreman
employed by the Pacific Coast Ballast
and Stevedore Company, was asphyx
iated in the bathroom of his home,
2920 Clay street, last night about 7
o'clock. The unfortunate man had at
tended a funeral during the afternoon
and returned home about 4 o'clock.
After partaking of a hearty meal he
signified his intention of going up
stairs and taking" a bath. Alarmed by
the non-appearance of her husband,
Mrs. Brown asked her son. Richard
Day, to see what kept his stepfather.
The young man went to the bathroom
and in response to a knock received
an answer from Brown to the effect
that he was all right.
. Half an hour later Mrs. Brown and
her son went to the door and were
upable to elicit ar.y response to re
peated knockings. The door was
broken open and Brown was found
lying nude on the floor. A gas jet on
a wall bracket was fully turned on
and the room was full of gas. Dr.
Millar was summpned and upon ex
amination found that death had en
sued. The Coroner was notified and
Deputy Meehan made an investiga
tion. Deceased was a native of Prus
sia.^aged 46 years! He had been mar
ried about a year and his domestic re
lations were most happy. Brown was
a member of Yerba Buena Lodge, I.
O. O. F., and the Riggers' and Steve
dores' Union.
3IEETS DEATH IX BATHROOM.
Henry F. Wynne Suc
cumbs to an Attack
of Pneumonia.
"Where young Hall is now making his
abode is a matter that the poli?e expect
to determine to-day.
, Three days ago a story was published
to the effect that a young man by the
name of "Van Rensselaer" had de
camped from a fiat in the Western Ad
dition with a number of pieces of <?!lk
and lace belonging to his landlady. The.
same • evening the supposed "Van
Rensselaer" at the Occidental tele
phoned to the papers explaining chat
he was a guest at that hotel and that
the publication was very annoying to
him in that a confnsion of names might
lead some to think he was the person
who had disappeared. It was the fol
lowing day that the Occidental guest
also disappeared and since then he has
kept his whereabouts a secret.
Later he registered at the Palace un
der the name of. Hall, but about the
court and the bar of the hotel he in
troduced himself as "Van Rensselaer,"
telling the same story that he had
passed over the counter at the Occi
dental. Several nights ago Hall care
lessly handed to the clerk of' the Occi
dental, whom he had claimed as an old
school chum, a check for $25, drawn
on a local bank, and it was promptly
cashed. The following night he passed
in a second check, this time, to another
clerk, and again was favored with the
cash. Since then he has not been seen
about the establishment and it is prob
ably well that he has not, for the
checks have since been returned to the
bank stamped "no funds."
Meanwhile Hall had been getting
coin from the Palace and found it nec
essary to keep clear of that establish
ment. It was about this time that it
was developed that "Van Rennsselaer"
and Hall were/ the same person and
that Hall was his right name. It was
also learned that the young man is the
son of B. M. B. Hall, president of the
Perth-Amboy Terra Cotta Company of
New York City, and that he had bepn
sent out here by his father to look
after a contract which that firm has
for supplying the terra cotta decorative
work on the Fairmount Hotel.
HAlAi CAXXOT BE FOUXD.
HANDS OVER CHECKS.
The police are on a hunt for a young
man who has lately been staying at
the Palace and Occidental hotels under
different names and incidentally ob
taining money on checks drawn upon
local banks that hold no money to his
credit. At the Occidental he was regis
tered as "James R. Van Rensselaer"
of New York and at the Palace the
name which he inscribed on the reg
ister was James B. Hall.
As "Van Rensselaer" he made his
appearance at the Occidental some
time ago and soon confided to the
clerks, one of whom he readily recog
nized as an old school chum in the
East, that he was a member of the
old New York family of. Van Renssel
aer. His reason for being on the coast,
he explained to the hotel people and
other he met, was that his father a
former prominent architect of New
York, who had received the conttact
for the structural work on the new
Fairmont Hotel, had died and he had
been compelled to come to San Fran
cisco to take charge of the plans.
Doctor A. "W., Martin, an aged physi
cian, and his wife, who have resided
for some time at 311 Leavemvorth
street, had a narrow escape from being
asphyxiated in their rooms early last
evening. Dr. Martin is Interested in
several mining properties and "has re
; tired from the practice of his profes
sion. Soon after dinner he and his
'wife repaired to their apartments at
their usual early hour.
Doctor Davis, who resides in the
house, on returning home shortly after
8 o'clock, detected the odor of gas and
on investigating found that it was
coming from Dr. Martin's apartments.
He knocked at the door and receiving
no response called the landlord, C. F.
Howe, and together they forced an en
trance to the room. The aged couple
were found unconscious and the room
was filled with gas. A call was sent
to the Central Emergency Hospital
and Dr. Martin and his wife were hur
ried there for treatment. A few min
utes after their arrival they regained
consciousness and Dr. Miiher. who
treated them, pronounced them out of
danger.
At first it was supposed that the
couple had attempted to commit sui
cide. The key in the door was turned
so that it could not be forced out from
the outside and firmly wedged with a
pencil. Tha doctor and his wife, how
ever, denied emphatically any attempt
atf self-destruction and said that thoir
condition was simply due to the acci
dental turning on of the gas. r
Registers at the Occidental
as Van Rcnsselaer, Claiming
Kinship to New York Family
After Being: Resuscitated, at
Emergency Hospital They
Deny Any Attempt at Suicide
KNOWN UNDER TWO NAMES
ARE FOUND --UNCONSCIOUS
Banks Eepudiate the Paper of
the Son of v 0ne of New '.York
City's Leading; Business Men
Doctor Martin and His "Wife
Have Close Call From Being
Asphyxiated in Their Home
HALL'S CHECKS
ARE REJECTED
DOTH NEARLY
CLAIMS THEM
PROMINENT
BUSINESS
MAN DIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY DECEMBER 14, 1903.
12
AH our importations for the HOLIDAY TRADE have
been received and are now ready for inspection. We
are showing a most complete assortment of Fancy
and Staple Goods at our usual LOW PRICES.
Ladles' Noveltu Satin and Silk Opera Baas,
From $125 to $8.00 Each
Ladles' NoveUo Bells, ln Kid, Walrus and Satin,
From 75c to $3.50 Each
Ladles' Fine OstrlcU Feather Boas, itf. va, 2 and 2*A
uards in lenoth,
from $1050 to $45.00 Each
Ladles' Fur Scarfs, ln MlnK, Squirrel, Beaver and
Nutria,
From $2.00 to $30.00 Each
Ladies' Chain Purses, in all the leading colors, also
Black,
From 50c to $15.00 Each
Ladles' Fancu Silk stocks, plain, hemstitched and
¦ embroidered,
From 50c to $250 Each
Ladles' Point Venlse Lace Collars, In Caps and Stole
erfects,
From $L50 to $20.00 Each
Ladles' L'lhertg Silk Ruffs, ln Black and Black and
White,
From $2.00 to $1250 Each
Ladies' Real Duchesse and Point Venlse Stock Col-
lars,
From $150 to $8.00 Each
Ladies' and Gents' Linen Initialed Handkerchiefs,
$1.00, $150, $2.25 and $3.00 Box (""tiff" 1 )
Our Clove orders make very acceptable Christmas
Gifts and are received in all departments for any
other goods.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEf.
: .^'s^a.*^ 1 rf"» I I ¦"*• "T"LJ I O fy I I "T* fflSS^. f^TT^ki VWfc- >
v ( io) in addition to tho?e you wi'l Kt fei O%%RJS^pf*Bl Bf Aj^fe
l^^fij; DECEMBER CHRISTMAS WINTER
Th - nVilli of eunehine and shadow, tome blirzards. some snowstorms, now being
ii«u«rtS »d in the frozen north, will be hur!ed into the oulet midst of autumn's late
; s?,'*™ lfrwifn-.it mto rttid i-ilencp. The «onif birds will flee to softer climes and the
"'.,'• unafcl« to flee, will be hushed Into rror.en stlllnee». Not so far away, but we
n--,v -ili'nlv bA-w them ringing out over frosted field*, rounding the curves of the hill and
»h««^inff i*ie -n-azts «f the woodlands, av the deep-toned bella of Xmas mornlns. What
. "io-gus nioiti Is December— what a magnificent period for preparing for the rigors
of the nw-hv tvlnter time. If ever a. «tor e was Inspired, this store Is. It is inspired
with the MsheM'.^nd be« determination to merit the cood will of Us loyal public during
•h ; V rracn'iScent x lenth. This ad of great value placed before you thia Xmas month is
* fair index tn th « splendid efforts this store is putting fcrth in making this the Rreat-
eft ricember in ft» history. This morning we shall etart what we confidently expect
wUI £ by far the creat^l of this stores sales. It will pay you-lt will pay any one
to res.d beiow oar .offerings to etart the selling.
1500 s«:e. Califorr.is.'.Fufl Creamery Butter; reg. 55c: our price. 3f*c
"000 Ibr < - aliforni:i. '.Full Creamery Butter; Bold elsewhere oOc; here, lb *•«?
•HV.0 Ih? Eastern >««8T-Cured Hams: reg. l»c; here 14Vi«
llaJf a <ar Home 'lile Rendered LahJ. Pure Leaf; 5-lb. pall. 43c; 10-lb. pall HOC
"*"" Tou will never buy lard so cheap again.
K00 bxy. Finest FaJiras Burnable Potatcts; per box......... :T«c
SS large sks. Fine OtriAon l'ru,ies: long as they last. 1* lbs -f
c*. »ks rcce- large. Mc«ay ( French Prunes; 7 lbs., «3e; 15 lbs OOC
<he?tP rtne Imp. TVa*. all aunds; per lb.. 4Oc: 5-lb caddies *J.7.»
COO carets' B.-*t Eastern C«rn; >tu had better buy; 3 can« »
ttO case* Baltimore Pea»; t " cms "~-*i»IiS
M cafes 'Finrtt Tomatoes; per sal. can ;"Z"
400 4-!b ' cans Finest MoVia and Java CofTee; per can «oe
160 T-lK'rni'.s" Finest Ja^n*. Jellies or Preserves; per pall 4Oc
GO case»reroe: lung a* H 2 jikgs..:t5c: 2 pkgs Grape Nuts -«>c
10 lbs Rolled .Wheat or («H- -& c 3 lbs. Finest Mince Meat -»«•
6 lbi -Iiu<-kwt*>at Flour. ..J..- 2 lbs. Pure Maple Sugar -5e
Aunf'.JemimaJi Pancake Flour, pkg IRc Pure Olive Oil; pts 35c; qta.. «•"]£:
Caltfor.-Jia Full' Cream Chetse. lb 1 5c i 3 gal . Jpl.^S; gal «^f.OO
4 lbs i-^nesl Codfish V :4Re P* 11 * s «'»d Oil. qt. bot
3 large « Mackerrl - - ftc fine Imp. Fir*. 3 bxs -3c
6 larte Salmon "Jellies -^ ..-»c Fancy Tabl» Raisins, vtr box !M>e
10-lb Oottolcne : U We 25-lb. box Fhncy Prunes, box. $1.4<»
Fancy Cracberrief/ qt - H»e Fine Larce Navel Orange«, doi --"Vc
Nice larse Bananas, dor ±'. U«»e Large bot. Olives ...^5e
Ec-hlitz's MaJt. per- doz... IpS.lO I^arge bot. Lea & Perrln's Sauce 4.^o
Ail Canned Creaxn?; 3 cans, 2."«r; dor...l»&c Imp. Panlims; 3 for 2."»c; doz JM»«
Finest Bed FaJmon. 4 cane S*c 7.V bot. Curry Powder, mow 4O«
11 bot Lemon cr Vanilla Kxt.., «3c I^arge bot. Pickle?. U for a»c
6Sc bot Lemon cr Vanilla Ext 4«K5 Large bof. Comb Honey, 3 for -.»e
Fint*t Catsup. 1 bot? - 35c - combs Nice Honey 2»e
1000 fks Car.e Grarulat»^d Sugai\ on orders. -0 lbs $l.Ut»
•» folid cars Fineft California. I'lours; 50-lb. sk.. XI. IS; 100 lb». Fk
55 caw« CaJiIornia Larse Fresh Ranch Eggs; re g. 50c; here. "J doz <55«
"000 lbs Fir.ea Eas-.tern Sucax-cured Rreakfagt Bacon; rejr. 22c; here 17'aC
5o fks. Finert Long Grain lUce; <">, lbs.. ft»» O ; IB lbs $1.«M»
11 caees Prune Coffee Cereal : rvg. likg.. here? ror •»&<*
11 caft Finf-Kt Grrrtind Cho«<3late; 2 1-Ib. cans. 4J»c; 3-lb. can «K»e
11 grofs Premium Matches. 7 pkgs lOe
7 eke*. Cl«sned i'uxrar.ts L ..&Oe Finest Pure Sweet Cider, per gal Jt&c
3 l-lb rkSf- Seeded Raisins f ...i5c Pure Cider Vinegar, gal ISOc
6 Jbs Fmall Whit «»• Beans.. 2!Ve Imp. Castile Soap, large bar, 2 for 45«
*i lbs Red Spanish Beans -JVc 3 cans Canned Milk -«"V«
7 lb'' Pink or Bayer Beans..- -."Vc .'< be sk». Salt H>c
Pcot'-h Oat.-, per pk;T. . - - 1««* - r «0 1-lb. 5k. Table Salt 40e
For«-e or Grape Nutf. 2 J>kgs '. . . -&c « cans Baltimore Oysters 4r»c
Good Sardine*, in oil. C can* -."Vc fi bots. Finest 'UMnes. ln case pl.7&
Candl»e. r*>r box $1.1JV Table Pears or Peaches, 3-lb. can lOv
Shoe -Blacking or Poli<h. 6 for -."Ve K bar* I^enox Poap 143c
2-lb- cum Corned Beef. "£»c Very fine Door Mats, each K5e
New Mixed Nuts, 2 lbs 25« Maple Svrup; qts.. 2Kc; J-i gal., 45c;
7 lb? TapJoca or Sago „ 25c pa l.. 75c. N. O. Molasses; qts.. 25c:
10-lb. fk. Finest Flour 25c i, gal.. 45c; gal.. 75c. 2-gal. pall
10-lb. «k. Yellow or White Ovnmeal 25c Sugar DrlD Syrup NOe
Macaroni. Wrmicelli. Spaghetti, box 2«»c Large boxes Finest Soda Crackers 55c
5 lbs. Dried Apricots 25c Very fine Ccffee. 10 1b? fl.«M>
Black or White Fics.' 4 lb* -5«? 4 lbs. Kona Coffee "Me
4 lbs. Dried Apples 2f»e 4 lbs. Finest H. & J. Coffee ifl.im
5 lbs. Large Raisins - 25c Large t'ke. Asst. Cakes, 2 for !t5c
Fln«st Table Afplcp. large box— H5c «$ rol!s Toilet Paper 25c
Pcpcorn PoDrxrs. each lOc 4 tins Pure Spices UOc
TV* are large dealers in all kinds cf Candies, 25 per cent lower than candy stores.
At these prices you had -better buy your Xmas Wines and Liquors: ¦
All California Brwrs. per case lfl.l«» Imp. Benedictine, per bot 5Oc
Moit all Bitters, rer bot % ...«i5e $1.50 Port or Sherry «5c
H j5 O. P. S. Whisky, bot «M»e i mp . Holland Gin. gal 92.5O
fl' Peach Brandy 5«»c $1.25 bot. Vermouth 5<>c
Blackb'rry Brand y. gal J«^.«M» bot. Claret 15<?
Old Tom Gin, ga.1 W2^:5 $1.25 full qt. Fernet SK»c
Old Pea- h BranJy. gal *2.4« $1 Old Brandy 5Oe
$1.2*» Irish or .Scotch Whisky, bot W»« *1.10 Apricot Brandy «!Oc
$12.% MaU Whisky, bot 5Oc $1 Fine Old Gin SOC
%IM AnseUru. Winr. gal 5M»c $1 bot. Silver Crescent Whisky (M)C
7-yr.-old Baltimore Bourbcn Whisky. .1*1.75 S5c bot. Port or Sherry .'.2Oc
$5 Si-otch Whisky S--JM* »-yr.-old McBrayer Whisky, bot «iOc
Old Forester Gin. Ral lfl.75 f\ bot. Jamaica Rum <>Oe
$1 bot. Collfge Club Whisky :»<»«• $4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye Whisky VC2.5O
*-yr.-old Bran("v JF2.OO $r. to $6 Bourbon or Rye Whisky !?:t.oo
Old Kentucky Whi*lcy. gal *I.«5 $1 bot. Rock and Rye 5Oc
fi to $4 Bovirhon or Rye Whisky 1*2.15 5-yr.-old Maryland Rye ..Wl .«>.">
7.V Claret, gal 5t5c $5 Irish Whisky, gal 92.5O
Irr.p. Jamaica Rum. gal £2.75 Imp. Vermouth, gal $1.50
£~™™222T> We give Green Trading Stamps C^cthOS^
Fre* d'liverr to all i>arts of the city and suburbs. . Including all places within lw
rr.iles. Orders !=ent to us by mail during these fix da>srwU] be filled and shipped prompt-
ly. W«> are civlnr you the advantage cf our creat bvi>lng power for this week.
We will r# open evening* until aft»r the holiday.*.
1043 Market «.. opp. Jones or McAllister sts. or Hibernia Bank. Phone So. 894.
MARKS BROS.
{SANTA CUAUS
Will be in attendance to-night between the hours
of 7 and 9 t at MARKS BROS- f Home of Honest
Values. Will give to each child accompanied by
...A Box of Canc/y...
I Owing to Unpleasant Weather, SATURDAY'S \
j SPECIALS Hold [Good^^ 7b^?g^ |
MARKS 3ROS.
"HONEST VALUES»==
1220 1222 !224 Market Street/ Bet; Tayldr and Jones.
BQWEN
Sarsaparilla-Soda-Schwepp's $1.50
R e 2'ly $1.65 dozen
Rye Whisky — Hermitage $1
- RegMy $1 .25 bottle— $5 gallon 4
Bourbon Whisky — Old Crow $1^,
Reg'Iy $1 .25 bottle— $5 gallon 4
Cordials — Oolgaard's
Creme de Noyeau and Mocca $1
Reg'Iy $1.25 bottle
Orange Curacao $1.50
RegMy $1. o stone Jug
* Gift Cabinet Free
Assortment of finest wines
and liquors packed in polished
ash cabinet with lock and key,
without extra charge.
CHRISTMAS
Carving sets Chafing dishes
Crumb trays Nickel trays
Tea pots Pudding dishes
Coffee pots Salad bowls
Perfumery Hair brushes
Cigars Confectionery
Candy Boxes
Exceptionally beautiful
assortment and very
reasonable
New Goods Arriving
English bacon — h a m s —
Bath chops— Russian sardine^
— appetit-sild — Fard dates —
pitted p r u n e s— Bar le due ,
currants — finnan haddie —
French glace fruit in beautiful
boxes — Swiss milk chocolate
LEBKUCHEN
German honey cake
CIGARS
, As Christmas gifts
. 12-25-50-100 in box
i Ladies may orders cigars here—
we know what to send — special sizes
in pretty boxes
Humidors
Elegant natural wood cabinets to preserva
the good qualities of tfi ta * rt ij 7 "
our fine cigars &$.M).tO PSS
.SJWNf . 232 SUTTER
2819 California San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
IA/. T. HESS.
Kctary FnMic and Attoiaey-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Floor. Hoon*!l013. Claus Spreckel*- bldz.
THephon- Main *JSJ. "**'
K»»'.der.c« Ttltphcn* Jawo 1301..
1SJI~ITVJ t- ard G - noots and Shoe..
AQUA assiMgapg
"30 Market St. a y.
BQWEN
eL COo
Open evenings until
Christmas
CHRI5THAS
Tree Ornaments
Bon-bonniere toys
Come early
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Special
Tub butter 2754 c
Sweet — good— reg'Iy 30c lb
Tea — iMandarin Nectar ¦ 45c
Reg'Iy 60c lb
Coffee — Kona 20c
RegMy 25c lb
Pin money pickles , 20c
Reg'Iy 25c bottle
i Mushrooms — F. Le Court 22j^c
' Reg'Iy 25c can
' Mustard — French . 20c
I Reg'Iy 25c bottle
I Shrimps — Barataria 2 cans 25c
Pineapple-cocktail-grated 2 " 25c
Asparagus — Sunbeam 22 l /ic
Reg'Iy 25c can
Asparagus tips 10c
j Reg'Iy \zy 2 <i can
; Pim-Olas 3 for 50c
! Reg'Iy 20c bottle
: Listerine — large bottle 65c
Toilet soap — American 20c
RegMy 25c box
BON BONS
Containing toys — caps — musicaj
instruments — full of fun
• California Wines
Stored in New York-direct
delivery to your friends and
relatives— appropriate present
for Christmas from California.
VISTA DEL VALLE
Claret — Sauterne — full
assortment
Leave your Christmas
orders now— we'll be very)
busy next week and don't |
want to disappoint any one
Gin— D. C. L.— Boord's— ..
Old Tom— dry 90c
Reg'Iy $1 bottle
Cognac — S. O. P. — French $1.50
RegMy $2 bottle
Claret — V. Zinfande! 40c
Reg'Iy 50c gallon
EmHMMRRANTED .1
!aj)VEETISEME20TS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fl
i Gold Plated, Silver Plated 1
* end Old Brass Finish m
i Candle Shades y
0 Silk, Linen and Paper A
U Novelties-*
n In Pewter, Gold and M
ek Silver Plate. k
U CALENDARS and f%
H CHRISTMAS CARDS y
K GALL AGHER" BROS.^
N 27 GEAKT ATE.
K Open Evenings Until Dec. 24. fj
If you want your baby to grow
and be strong, healthy and
k a PPy> use Mellin's Food.'
70 bemutifuJly printed page* of helpful hints
•bout "The Care and Feeding of Infant*,"
bound in cloth, will be «ent you free if you
«sk for it.
MELLINS FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
I j^^^Sn09^w^r^^F«D^^^B^^^^^^H
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A ORSAT.KESXORATIVE, INVIGOHA-
• tor iiid Nervine.
Tlie most wonderful aphrcdlislae atid Special
*" -CW"^ °%f &?-***£* °" lts own merits.
ZZi Market el. g. p. — t Send' for Clrculare).
nADWAYS READY RELIEF has atood
uurl-.aled Ufore tite public lor 00 yclr* " Z
Tain llcmcdy. ; It Instantly rtlievea and quUk'v
2E7 * : ' Coldl - Throats. Influenza. £££
chlt!«. P^monli. Itheumat'aaj. NVurilc°"
Hu. lathe. Toctliache . and «l| pain. Inte:r.xJlv
tor Wa3*ria and all Uow*l p a i n ,. A1 i Cnsztu