SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
DYING PONTIFF AGAIN GIVES EVIDENCE OF AMAZING VITALITY,
RALLYING FROM DELIRIUM AND REGAINING KEENNESS OF MIND
GOVERNMENTS OF UNITED STATES ;
AND RUSSIA ARE LIKELY TO ADJUST
DIFFERENCES WITHOUT ILL FEELING
PROMINENT .HEBREWS , WHO ARE COLLECTING . SIGNATURES TO
THE KISHENEV PETITION, AND STATESMAN .WHOSE KNOWL
' EDGE OF. MANCHURIAN AFFAIRS IS VAL.UED BY GOVERNMENT.
Lack of a Master Hand Is Every
where : Apparent.
PARIS, July 15.— The , Figaro's •- corre
spondent at Rome telegraphs that during
the past two days the Pope \has com
plained of being unable to keep'still and
constantly asked for' things which he re
fused when brought. It is often '. neces
sary to raise him; as he becomce fatigued
through lying, .and . an arrangement has
been adjusted to the bed, enabling the pa
tient to be raised without. being touched.
Yesterday the : Pope complained particu
larly of a lack of- air and his valet, Cen
tra, had to drawback; the green. curtains
cutting off- that part of the chamber In
which. the bed. stands.. „ .... „. _•,
. The correspondent adds , that complete
disorders prevails 'at-tlie Vatlcr.iv and the
lack of a- master, hand Ms fclt'Every. one
gives orders ?and; nobody; obeys. • j
I Th«' Eclaire's correspondent at Rome
telegraphs', that' yesterday a diplomatist
asked; Cardinal'. Rampolla for the bulls
concerning" | the j Bishops ' appointed at the
last consistory. -The Cardinal replied: j [\
\ "All'of the' ministries, have 'now' ceased
DISORDER" IN VATICAN.
• A curious controversy is proceeding be
tween the Vatican : medical body,' com
posed of ten doctors of lesser importance
than Dr. LapponI and several .foreign
physicians, over the embalming. of Pope
Leo's body. Several, foreigners have of
fered processes of embalming, each more
wonderful than the other, and tho Papal
doctors unearthed Pontifical bulls giving
the right to embalm the Pope solely to
the Vatican, medical. body. . .;
All those around the "patient have' long
since ceased* to > hold definite opinions re
garding .the duration of 'the Pontiff's ex
istence.' The slow but progressive diminu
tion of the strength of the august patient
foretells the approaching end ' of the
struggle with death, but the doctors will
not venture, to "predict how near the end
Is. Constant relapses, they say ,~ such as
created alarm early yesterday,' are grad
ually, wearing. down the. Pope's .constitu
tion, which seems immune from any spe
cific disease. Most persons are inclined
to the idea', that Pope Leo may go
through perhaps two or three repetitions
of yesterday's ups and downs, till, as Dr.
RossonI puts'it," "his 'pulse stops forever."
Three causes, may accelerate the end,
viz.: Inability' to take nourishment,
which was exhibited yesterday, sudden
heart failure 'or" the progression of the
pleura disease. The latter is thought the
least probable. As day succeeds day it
becomes pathologically clearer that it is
a case of a very old man dying because
he has lived his allotted time. .
The Pope himself, yesterday afternoon
ordered the Cardinals to be admitted and
received them • standing, he "whom they
supposed to be at the pointof death say
ing, "Please "be seated." lie recounted the
impressive ceremony of the morning
when he received the benediction qf the
Franciscan ¦ order, v The Cardinals in
formed him of the worldwide prayera for
his life. Pope Leo. answered that he was
much gratified, but that he was ready for
his final departure! concluding. by saying,
"God's will be done." . .
Even more striking was the Pope's in
terview with his secretary, Monslgnor
Angeli. His Holiness sent for him, say
ing that he wished. to see certain papers,
which the secretary brought. Then, after
a short explanation, Monslgnor Angeli
wished to get the Pope's decision on the
matter, but Pope Leo said:
"Well, well, not to-day. We will do
that some other. time." . < •
ernoon, after- a morning in
the course of which his Holiness
suffered spells of delirium and at
times his strength sank to the lowest ebb;
and now, he lies in.no worse 'condition
than he was on Monday "evening, except
for the steady diminution of his strength.
Monslgnor Blslet. master of the chamber,
visited" the sick room just after midnight,
and on emerging] saldj that the Pontiff's
condition was unchanged. A little later
the Pope fell into a sleep; which. It is an
nounced, was fairly tranquil, although
the patient's respiration was troublesome.
' Yesterday's rally was characteristically
opposed to every medical theory. The
Pope got out of the bed on which two
hours previously he himself had made all
preparations for death. Not satisfied
with this exhibition of vitality, he tran
sacted private business and received four
Cardinals, with whom he talked In an ani
mated way. In fact. Pope Leo's record
for yesterday," little of which appeared In
last night's official bulletins, would be in
credible if it were not confirmed by, the
doctors and Cardinals present in the sick
chamber. None seem more, .perplexed
than the doctors themselves. Dr. Lap
poni said frankly;
"I cannot imagine how the Pope man
ages to keep alive." .
( According to physicians the Pontiff may
die at any 'moment, even in the midst of
one of j those extraordinary Intervals
when his .mind . and^L^4y present a com
paratively sound appuarance^;' , '
y^OME.-July 15. 2;a. m.— Another, re
*Uf markable . rally, in Pope . Leo's
X^L condition occurred yesterday aft-
Transacts^ Routine
Business of His
, Station.
Pope Stands White
Receiving-Group"
. of Cardinals.;.
13OME, July 15, 5:15 a.
«I^m. — The Pope has
passed a Very tranquil night,
but the depression of his vi
tal forces continues. His
breathing at times was diffi
cult.
NEW YORK. July 14.-In passing un
oer the Second-avenue road bridge over
the Harlem River to-day a tug sent to
the surface for a second a woman's leg
covered with a black silk stocking and a
patent leather shoe. It dropped back
egain, and those who saw it bellev* it
was attached to a body which Itself was
we.ghted. causing the leg to fall into the
water again. The police dredged for the
body, but could not find it.
-i3^, e f Cn^ d ° f the brld ee a^ this point is
t^ . Jl ere a *«»«»•¦ blood stained
K.M,/ , and ch «n's« were found last
Saturday night. Some cf the police con
nect the discovery with the Roxbury mur
««r. while others do not believe there U
any connection.
POLICE DREDGE TOR BODY,
BUT FAIL TO RECOVER IT
Tug Hands See It in the Harlem
River, but It Quickly Sinks
From View.
REMOVES HIS PRISONER
AND PREVENTS LYNCHING
New York Deputy Sheriff Cleverly
Outwits a Mob of Angry
Farmers and Molders.
ALBANY. N. Y., July 14.— The Deputy
Sheriff at Coxsackie prevented a lynching
there this afternoon by smuggling James
Little, a 19-year-old negro, out of the
flimsy jail there and taking him to
Catskill. Early in the ; day Little
attacked the 11-year-old daughter of
a farmer and escaped' after threatening
the child with death. He was captured,
confessed and was placed in jail. While a
mob of farmers and striking molders and
river men, led by the girl's father, was
forming, the 8heriff got Little 'safely
away from the jail. The child is seriously
injured, but may recover.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. July 14.— The room
occupied by General Cassius M. Clay at
Whitehall has been stripped of weapons
by an order of the committee appointed
by the Richmond court to take charge of
his affairs. The revolver and bowie knife
were taken from the room by the ser
vants. They reported to General Clay
that they had been removed by the nurse
and his grateful appreciation of her for
mer services turned . to hostility and he
would not let her render him the least
service.
Revolver and Bowie Knife Are Re
moved From His Room by
the Servants.
GENERAL CASSIUS M. CLAY
IS DEPRIVED OF WEAPONS
DYNAMITERS BLOW UP
BUILDINGS IN AGRAM
Wreck Home of a Deputy and Badly
Damage Office of Govern-
xnent Newspaper.
, VIENNA. July, 14.— Two dynamite out
rages were reported from Agram, the
capital of Croatia, to-day. There was
much material damage but no fatalities.
In one case a bomb exploded In the house
of Deputy Matinl. In the other case there
was destroyed the cellar of a building oc
cupied by a bank and the governmental
paper the Narodke Novene. The outrages
are believed to have resulted from the
Croatian political troubles.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. July 14.— the Re
publican State Con\-entlon, which will
convene to-morrow, promises to be an ex
citing one. The situation in the race for
Governor has apparently reached a phase
wtoere the nomination of a dark horse will
follow the failure of the Bclknap forces to
¦win on the first two ballots. There are
three avow«vi candidates— Colonel Morris
B. Belknap. a wholesale merchant; E.
Augustus Wilson, a lawyer, and Clifton
J. Pratt, Attorney General. The Belknap
leaders are claiming the nomination of
their candidate on the first ballot.
Major W. C. Owens will act as tem
porary chairman. John W. Yerkes has
been offered the permanent chairmanship,
but It Is understood that he desires to
head the committee on resolutions In or
der that President Roosevelt's Interests
»ay be looked after. There is an element
that opposes an Indorsement of President
Roosevelt's candidacy at this time, but as
it is part of the Belknap strength It is
not believed that the anti-administration
faction will jeopardize the chance* of
their candidate for Governor by opposing
Roosevelt resolutions. The resolutions in
co far as they concern the tariff and trust
questions will be of the "stand pat" fla
vor, the sentiment in this regard being
practically unanimous. "*..'
Race for Governor Beaches a Stage
Where Nomination May Go
to a Dark Horse.
KENTUCKY REPUBLICANS
GATHER AT LOUISVILLE
Calling to one of the mountain guides
above. Potter had him descend the rope
to the ledge, upon which all three were
now resting. Then the two picked up
Mrs. Johns and together they made their
difficult way around dangerous ledges and
over yawning precipices beneath until
finally, worn out and exhausted, they
reached -the rim above once more.
To-night Mrs. John's condition is much
improved, and as no bones were fractured
she will be all right with a night's rest.
With difficulty a rope was securely tied
around Mrs. Johns' waist and an effort
was made to hoist her to the rim above.
This attempt proved futile because of
Mrs. Johns' weight. By leaning over the
precipice Mr. Potter could discern an
other and larger ledge a hundred feet be
low, from which was a sheer drop of hun
dreds of feet. He determined to try a dif
ferent plan of rescue. Giving the order
to those above to lower the rope, Potter
swung the Inanimate form of Mrs. Johns
out over the tiny strip of rock upon
which she had braced herself for fifteen
hours and into the chasm beneath. By
swinging the rope to and fro Potter was
able to lodge Mrs. Johns upon the larger
ledge, and then descended himself.
EFFORTS AT RESCUE.
The party found Mrs. Johns' position to
be critical in the extreme. A closer ex
amination made her escape from a fright
ful death nothing less than miraculous.
She had fallen a distance of 300 feet from
the tip of the crevasse walls and had par
tially stayed her fall by catching scrub
cedar trees through which she had
plunged.
When the rope had been lowered Potter
descended to examine the ground and de
termine the best course to pursue in get
ting Mrs. Johns from her perilous posi
tion. Lodged upon a two-foot ledge, with
her clothing torn to fragments and her
flesh scratched and bruised, lay Mrs.
Johns, weak from exhaustion and lack of
food and benumbed by the chill of the
night.
She was too weak to speak, but was
able by feeble signs to make Potter know
that she still lived. After trying in vain
to work his way down the mountainside
to her Potter was forced to return to the
hotel for more help. Provided with plenty
of ropes and carrying a stretcher, a party
of eight men made their way back to the
crevasse, where work was commenced to
take Mrs. Johns from her dangerous situ
ation on the ledge. Dr. E. A. Brown of
Alameda, who happened to be a t^ Glacier
Point last night, accompanied the relief
party.
WOMAN ON A LEDGE.
YOSEMITE VALLEY. July 11— Mrs. A.
E. Johns of New York City, who had been
staying in the valley a few days, was
found this morning in a steep crevasse
back of Sentinel Dome. Yesterday Mrs.
Johns started from Glacier Point Hotel
to walk to the Assures, located two miles
from the hostelry. Mrs. Lewis, the man
ager of the hotel, cautioned her against
going too far without a guide, and ad
monished her not to remain after daylight
began to fade, as there was grave danger
of losing the trail.
Last night Mrs. Johns did not return,
and Mrs. Lewis realized that something
disastrous had happened. Only, a short
time before Mr. Garren of San Francisco
had missed his way over the trails, and
nothing was heard from him until the
next afternoon. No trace of the missing
woman was found last night.
Early this morning searching parties
started out again, one of them making a
discovery that filled the spectators with
horror. Far down one of the sides of thj
Sentinel fissures, whose crevasses drop
down in some places for thousands of
feet, suspended on a ledge that jutted out
from the steep .sides, of the narrow can
yon, Mr. Potter, a clerk at the hotel,
found the almost lifeless form of Mrs.
Johns.
"Of course, you know that I own the
Topp business. I have about $50,000 in
vested there, which I cannot afford to
have/ lying Idle, and I wan't to see If we
can't make some kind of arrangement in
regard to this Government contract by
which I can get It at a price at which I
can make something, and I am willing to
make it an object to you If you will not
put in a bid, or put It in at a price to suit
me."
Keck informed Littauer that he could
make no arrangement with him, but he
would have to see his father, who was in
New York on his way to Philadelphia to
put In his bid for Government work. After
obtaining Timothy Keek's address in New
York Littauer made an appointment with
him in New York, and Littauer made sub.
stantially the same proposition to him
that he made to his son. Keck, however,
refused to enter Into any arrangement as
proposed by Littauer and put In his bid,
but the contract was awarded to Hr T.
Patterson of Philadelphia,
"Mr. Topp is dead, of course, you
know," said Littauer, to which young
Keck replied that he had heard so. Lit
tauer then said:
NEW YORK. July 15.— The Sun this
morning publishes a special from Johns
town, credited to the Dally Republican, in
which Timothy Keck of Johnstown
throws additional light upon Representa
tive Lucius N. Llttauer's relation to Gov
ernment -contracts. Timothy Keck has
been engaged In the manufacture of
gloves In Johnstown for thirty years.
Keek's firm always had been able to get
Its share of Government work up to 1SD6,
when L. N. Littauer became a member of
Congress. Since that time. Keel? says, he
has had only four contracts, and inci
dents connected with some of these ap
pear very peculiar.
Keck says that in 1S99 he bid on 10,000
pairs of buckskin gauntlets, and although
his bid was the lowest he was awarded
only 2300 pairs, the balance going to Lyon
(who. brought suit against Littauer) and
Littauer supplying the goods. Again, in
1901. he bid upon 4000 pairs of muskrats
for gauntlets, and again his bid was the
lowest, but he was awarded only one-half
of the number of gloves called for, and
the other 2000 pairs were awarded to Wil
liam Topp. Keek's bid was $1 5S?i and
Topp's bid was $1 76% a pair.
William Topp was a manufacturer
fur gloves and buck gauntlets, and died
on April 16, 1902. Two or three days after
that date a large Government contract
for gloves was to be bid for in Philadel
phia, On the day after the death of Topp,
Littauer went from his* home in Glovers
ville to Johnstown and visited the factory
of Timothy Keck & Son. Finding no, one
there, he went to the house of William T.
Keck, a son of Timothy Keck and junior
member of the firm, who says that Lit
tauer entered Into conversation with him
in regard to bids for this Government
work.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"I enjoyed every moment of the trip
end there was one time that I felt partic
ularly good; that was when I came up to
the men who had charge of the pack
trains just south of the Canadian River.
Th?y had luncheon ready and I enjoyed It
with them. It made me leel extra good."
Immediately after reviewing the troops
Et Fort Reno General Mile.=, accompanied
by Colonel Maus. drove into El Reno and
caught a train for Fort Rlley.
A salute was fired as General Miles en
tered Fort Reno. He showed no signs of
weariness as he dismounted and said:
The rifle was made in ten mile relays,
roldlers stationed along the line supply-
Ing fresh horses. Luncheon consumed
twenty minutes and It Is estimated that
fifty minute* more were spent In chang
ing mounts and in other small delays.
This made the actual time spent la the
eacSdle ei?ht hours.
General Miles spent Monday morning
Inspecting Fort Sill, resting in the after
noon preparatory to taking his long ride.
There was a large crowd at the fort when
General Miles came from the command
ant's house shortly after 4 o'clock this
morning to make the start. He was boot
ed and spurred and wore a campaign mil
itary suit. A* the general started off, at
6:19 o'clock, he was cheered lustily. He
¦was accompanied by Captain Sayre of the
Eighth Cavalry.
Tfce weather was cool at the start, but
became intensely hot. Anadarko, Okla
homa, thirty-five miles distant from Fort
Sill, was reached in 2 hours and 25 min
utes.
EL RENO, Okla.. July 14.— Lieutenant
General Nelson A- Miles completed a
horseback ride to-day from Fort Sill, In
dian Territory, to Fort Reno. Oklahoma,
a distance of ninety mile*, in 9 hours and
10 minutes. The first thirty-five miles
were mad* In record time, the distance
being covered In 2 hours and 25 minutes.
Upon completing: the trip General Miles
ehowed no signs of fatigue, and forty
minutes after his arrival at Fort Reno be
reviewed the troops stationed at thai
post. The ride was taken. It Is said, to
demonstrate that General Miles, at the
ape of retirement, is still a sturdy man.
Desperate Effort Is Made
to Rescue the Tourist
and Succeeds.
Says Congressman Sought
to Brihe Him to Defraud
Government
Belays of Fresh Horses
Stationed Along the
Route.
Searchers Find Her
on the Edge of a
. High Cliff.
Startling Kevelation
by a Johnstown
Manufacturer.
- 0
Covers Long Journey
in About Nine
Hours.
Littauer Operates
in Another's
Name.
New York Resident
Has a Perilous
Experience.
General Proves
He Is Still
Sturdy.
WOMAN FALLS
IN CREVASSE
AT YOSEMITE
MILES TAKES
NINETY-MILE
SADDLE RIDE
DUMMY BID
GETS ARMY
CONTRACTS
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 14.— According to
advices received by the steamer Empress
of India' to-day,! the crisis in -the Far
East Is close to a breaking point, .and
even the most conservative journals fear
that war "will" be the outcome of Russian-
Chlhese intrigues. Many newspapers urge
an appeal , to arms. .... . _
r The Peking correspondent of the Malnl
chi says M. Lessar's reference to Russian
preparedness is • ' taken? to mean ' that
troops are now at. the Yalu and that the
"force along' the coast of the .Yellow Sea
is. in sufficient, strength. , The .Russian
, Minister, to Peking,, also states „¦ that Jie
has received advices from Admiral Alex
~ieff that all 'defensive measures, -in view
'¦> of - a ¦":' possible ' Japanese invasion, - v have
been completed along .the .coast of the
Yellow^ Sea" and ' the ;Korean". frontier;
' ? The ' United ' States ' fleet ls'still at Ghee
foo and the Japanese squadron is; cruis-;
ing In* northern waters. 'A dispatch from
Masampho, Korea, says that five' Russian
Trouble in the .' Far East > Is Not
&&¦-:¦ Far Off.- ¦ ¦' ¦¦¦
WAR SEEMS CERTAIN.
Unless the evacuation of Manchuria oc
curs soon the belief obtains here that acts
of. belligerent Russians on the Yafu will
precipitate a conflict, as it is understood
that Japan will regard the continuation
of Russian encroachment on the territory
bordering the Yalu as a casus belli.
PEKING, July 14.— United States Minis
ter Conger arrived at Newchwang to-day,
where he will "make, a personal. Investi
gation of the situation. M. Lessar. the
Russian Minister to China, will return
here late to-day.
The Russian Legation 4 is without in
formation regarding the result of, the
conference of high Russian ,¦ officials i at
PortArthur. Dispatches from Japan are
optimistic, but on account of the continu
ing reports of Russian activity on the
Yalu River and also the statement; made
by the Korean, legation here r that China
will not consent and the Koreans them
selves are. unable to open Atiaml. to trade,
because of the Russian objections, the
opinion" here is gloomy. ' •
Goes to Newchwang to Look Into
¦ Russian Operations. - '- '•
CONGER TO INVESTIGATE.
The correspondent of the Shanghai Mer
cury reports rthat" severe fighting." has
taken. place at Litang, Thibet., between
the people and priests. . .The abbot of the
monastery has * defied .Chinese interfer
ance'and fighting resulted, in which the
battleshlps i and seven torpedo boats are
lying, there. - . •
.The Osaka Mainlchi correspondent says
that Russian officials . at . Peking have
been working to convince Prince Ching
and' Chinese officials that Japan's cordial
reception to Russia's War Minister, Gen
eral Ko'uropatkin.' shows that a' Russo-
Japanese entente Is In making and the
Anglo-Japanese alliance Is failing.
•According to -dispatches*, received by
Shanghai, papers from Thibet, great ex
citement , prevails ".there. "because ; of ru
mors' that the , British Government is
sending forces of soldiers, from India into
Thibet -because the boundary negotiations
with India have failed..' _::.; '
." £• President and representative Jew
ish citizens. of the Society of B'nal B'rith.
regarding the petition to > the Russian
Government "on the ' Kishenev outrages.
*Be£ldes:the President,, the parties to the
conference were Simon S. Wolf of Wash
ington, Oscar S. Straus and Leon Levi of
New York. ".'• ...
The administration has »been embar
rassed by'the" delay of the representatives
of ' the B'nai B'rith Society in presenting
the petition. A draft of the ¦• document
was handed 'to President .Roosevelt sev
eral wce"ks ago ¦ by Wolf, but j it . was de
cided'after some consideration to modify
the text "of the petition' before presenting
it formally to this Government for trans
mlttal to Russia, Time was desired, too,
to obtain ¦ to the petition the signatures
of representative citizens of the United
States of all the -religious faiths. As a
result 'the document was • not placed in
the hands of the President until to-day.
. The result of the conference at Saga
more Hill has not yet been disclosed, but
a strong intimation is given that the peti
tion may not be forwarded to the Russian
Government. The - desire of . both" the
President and Secretary Hay Is that the
Kishenev incident should be - closed as
soon .as- possible, as further delay in its
consideration- might prove embarrassing
to this Government in its ' diplomatic ne
gotiations with Russia. Inasmuch as tha
Russian Government has Indicated by the
adoption . of ' severe measures , a genuine
disposition to punish adequately the per
petrators of ¦ the Kishenev murders, and.,
in addition, those who Instigated them, it
is a problem for the President and Secre
tary Hay to solve whether representa-
V^YSTER . BAY," L. j I., July 14.— An
I • 1 Important . conference was held at
%^ 'Sagamore Hill .to-day between the
priests were defeated and the abbot de
posed.
Advices from South China report that
the rebels in Kwangsl are now stronger
than • ever, • especially In the vicinity of
Kwellln, the provincial capital. The reb
els have established a provisional govern
ment, collect taxes and enlist and drill
troops, which are regularly paid. The rule
of the rebels holds through several dis
tricts and the natives are quite contented.
Strict discipline Is enforced by the rebel
officers. Arms and ammunition, all mod
ern. \ are being brought by bands from
neighboring provinces..
The rebels, who are said to be governed
by the reform party, which has branches
in America^ look upon the district where
the provisional government is established
as the headquarters of a great rebellion
soon to commence, and a correspondent of
the North China Daily News predicts that
when hostilities commence the manda
rins will . find the rebellion ten t tints
greater than the Talplng rising.
leaving it ~to~Russla . to "say whether.it
.would or would not receive the document
if it were presented.' It would close the
.ir-cident without subjecting » the United
States relations with Russia to a strain.
and it is regarded as quite as, effective as
the actual presentation of , the petition.
Wolf. .'Levi. and 'Straus , concluded their
conference - with the President and- left
for New York, this afternoon. - Prior to
their 'departure they, announced -that
while the conference had been eminently
satisfactory they were not in a position
to disbuds its' result. The petition in ..its
modified form was "presented to the Pres
ident, but it is understood that signatures
to it are being added and probably will
continue to be added for several days.
While many citizens of Jewish ' faith have
signed the petition a majority of the <zn
ers are. of other religious beliefs. It la
learned that a statement soon .will be
made by the State Department In Wash
ington which, will, disclose the steps taken
and to be taken by this Government.
Both Wolf and Straus have served the
Government in diplomatic capacity and
Levi * has been j identified from the first
with the movement for the amelioration
of the condition of the Jews in Russia.
All of them. It can be said, are delighted
with the position taken by this Govern
ment. They recognize fully, however, ttus
limitations which surround the State De
partment in a . matter so delicate as the
Kishenev incident. "',"..;
tions concerning JS the incident now -are
either desirable or necessary.
It is, suggested 'that the whole, question,
may be resolved; into a brief statement
through diplomatic channels to the I Rus
sian Foreign- Office that such a petition
id in the hands of the United States. thu%
Hebrew Petition Bearing Upon Kishenev Mas
sacre May Not Be Sent to the Czar.
It .was indicated; to-day, by .a State De
partment official' that the * next 'few- days
might bring to. light Important develop
ments regarding the Chinese-American
treaty. ¦ - , ..
Immediately after Hansen's departure
Mr. Hay sent' for'RockHillr chief 'of "flie
Bureau of the American "'Republics, and
formerly American . Commissioner ,' to
China, and the two had a long conference.
Rockhill's intimate" knowledge" of the
East, gained^ through his residence there,
Is duly appreciated at the - State Depart
ment, and beforc'Count Casslnt's depart
ure he was frequently, at. the Russian
embassy in connection with:tha negotia
tions.'^ .... *>.'¦ ¦¦ - •-•; ', •>.-
Wr ASHINGTON. ; July 14.'-Far reach-
Ink in its effects on'the:Mt-.nchu
prian situation was .the conference
to-day ait . the State. Department
between. Secretary- Hay .; and Theodore
Hansen, the ,'¦ Russian , Charge ' d'Af
faires, who called; .it is understood, to
bring important" advices • from St. Peters
burg regarding, the ports in Manchuria
which Russia is* willing China shall open
to the United States. This has been the
question that has deadlocked the nego
tiations for some time. What transpired
at to-day's conference can' only be, sur
mised, as both of the conferees declined
to discuss the proceedings.: : ¦;'.* j
Manchurian Situation
Promises Important
Developments.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 45.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.SALT LAKE, Utah, July 14.— The badly
decomposed body of a peddler, bound,
gagged and with a strap pulled tightly
about his neck, was found in a clump of
cbttonwoods two miles south of the smel
ter town of Murray this afternoon. Near
him was his wagon, with hia horses and
dog tied to It. The animals were almost
In the last stages of starvation and it was
the feeble and persistent howling of the
dog that finally attracted the attention of
the smeltermen. The peddler had been
robbed and then murdered. . There la no
clue. ..
Bound Body of Victim Is Discovered
*-/; 7/ ln Clump of Cotton wood
by Smeltermen.
PEDDLER IS MURDERED
BY DESPEBATE BOBBEBS
Thirty-Nine Million Dollar Deal.
PHILADELPHIA. July 14.-The Record
to-morrow will gay: The United Gas Im
provement Company Is about to take over
a controlling lnteres* In the Cincinnati
Gas and Electric Company. This deal in
volves $3!>.0O0.00O. and It Is a step prelimi
nary to the consolidation of all the quasi
public concerns In and around the city
of Cincinnati.
The Portuguese attempted to establish
cattle farming In Newfoundland In 1553.
but all traces of the animals they import
ed have been lost.
NEGRO GRAVE ROBBER
ADMITS OTHER CRIMES
Bufus Cantrell 'Confesses That He
Aided in Two Becent Mur
ders in Indianapolis.
INDIANAPOLIS. July 14.— In a confer
ence with Prosecutor Buckelhaus this
afternoon. It is said. Rufus Cantrell. the
negro grave robber, admitted that he had
a hand in the recent murders In this city
of Isaac Dosengarten and Isaac Stout.
The prosecutor said that Cantrell had
admitted that he was implicated in cer
tain murders. Buckelhaus refused to give
names.
assistance our plans will rapidly ma
terialize. Crossing the Bering Strait we
will be in a position to immediately call
upon the Russian Government for the
physical and financial assistance It has
guaranteed us and the world will soon
find our rails extending down the Si
berian coast to Irkutsk, thence easterly
by way of Omsk to St. Petersburg and
Moskow, and finally through Europe to
Berlin and Parts."
PBEFEBS OUR LAWS.
"When asked why Canada had been
eliminated from the eastern route on his
maps Lobel explained that a greater ad
vantage was assured the road by trav
ersing the soil of the United States from
the east in that the laws of this coun
try are more favorable to railroad en
terprises than those of the British do
minions and provinces.
As has already been stated, Lobel or
ganized a company In Europe which ob
tained for him financial assurance. Among
the more influential directors of this com
pany are General Payot. the Marquise de
Roussy de Sales and Baron de Lourmel.
Besides these men the patronage com
mittee of the big company includes In
addition to the President of France and
the Shah of Persia, such men of prom
inence as M. Paul Doumer. former Minis
ter and Governor of Indo-China; Senators
Vrger. Gomot and Maxime Lecomle of
France: Baron Robert Surcouf,. secretary
of the Chambers of Deputies; Le Myre
de yilers, president of the Society of
Geography of Paris; General Canonge
president of the Society ¦ of Topography
and Commissioner General of Marine- the
Due de Polignac, Comte de Crosse-Bris
sac. Comte de Rohan-Chabot, Vlcomte de
la Motte and Baron Lourmel du Hour
melin. i* > '-v ¦-;.
In Russia. Lobel says, the, entire mem
bership of the famous group of One Hun
dred, composing all the great agents 'of
finance in that country, has already prom
ised a large sum in support of the rail
road project. "When asked as to whom
he counted on In this country for rep
resentation in . the ' financial end of the
undertaking. Lobel was a bit diffident but
he finally remarked that his American
friends table on Rockefellers' associates
"No, no. ' Don't you see him? Besides,
he rattles the chairs and other things as
he moves." ...
It is evident that the Pope is making a
great effort and straining all his nerves to
maintain calmness and to . haVe his will
triumph over j his mental weakness. He
Counsel for plaintiff;. will try to show
that Mrs. Ross was incapable of looking
after her own affairs.
An -adjournment waa taken, until to
morrow morning. •
ROME, July 14.— During the periods of
delirium to-day the Pope's mind wan
dered and he muttered incoherently. He
insisted that shadows flitted about the
room. In his lucid moments the Pope
for the first time showed a complete
realization of the gravity of his condition.
This morning, after the visit of the
doctors, who tried to conceal the gravity
of his situation, the Pontiff said to his
valet. Pio Centra:
"I think I know better. My time is run
ning short. Before It Is too late I wish to
speak to Rampolla."
A few minutes later Cardinal' Rampolla
entered the sick room and remained fif
teen minutes alone with the Pontiff. Then
the latter said:
"I now wish to have the Franciscan
benediction."
Fortunately, Cardinal VIves y Tuto.
who is a Capuchin, was at the Vatican,
and he entered the sick room and fulfilled
the wish of the Pope, who afterward said
he felt relieved and easy in his mind. The
moment was most solemn, the strong,
bearded figure of Cardinal .VIves y Tuto
making a striking contrast with the ema
ciated, white form of Leo XIII.
The Pope was heard to say when Car
dinal Rampolla left, him this morning:
"I renew to you my confidence In this
supreme moment."
While Cardinal VIves y Tuto was in the
pick room the Pope succeeded in reciting
the conflteor and then gave the apostolic
blessing to the whole Franciscan 'order.
As the morning progressed the attacks
of delirium became violent.' His mutter
ings during delirium were not always in
telligible, but .they seemed to relate to
the history of events of many, years ago,
which, being unknown to those present,
neither Dr. Lapponi nor. Centra succeeded
in comprehending. . At times the Pope
seemed to again see apparitions. When
his attendants tried to persuade him to
retire the Pope insisted on indicating the
presence of some imaginary shadow,'
which he not only saw but heard. .. He
said:
Patient Sees Apparitions Flitting
About the Bedroom.
PERIODS OF DELIRIUM.
RUTLAND, Vt.. July 14. — Rufus Young, con
sidered by th» police ft* th* most aecom
rlifhwj horpetbief in New England, who yes
trr<5ay *«« o&rtur*<1 near Arlington, after a
¦battle with a Sheriff's po««e. in which Young
was shot. <5ie4 to-day. Young was about 65
years fid. More .than two-thirds of . his .life
had been rpent In prison for hon>e stealing.
WASHINGTON. July 14.— A circular of
instructions to internal revenue officers
and all others concerned has been issued
by the Commissioner of Internal Reve
nue, calling attention to the gross irreg
ularities and violations of laws in the
handling and sale of manufactured to
bacco, snuff, cigars and cigarettes by job
bers and dealers. A practice generally
prevails of exposing the taxable articles
for export separated from packages bear
ing the stamps denoting the payment of
the Internal revenue tax. This. It is said,
is a serious violation of the law and regu
lations which it Is" the purpose of the
Commissioner to remedy. .
Jobbers and dealers are given until No
vember 1, 1903, to get their stock on hand
in order, after which date all manufac
tured tobacco, snuff, cigars and cigarettes
found on the market exposed for sale not
protected by the tax-paid stamp shall be
seized and the holders proceeded against
in accordance with law.
Washington Officials Complain That
' Tobacco Jobbers and Dealers Do
Not Properly Stamp Goods.
GROSS VIOLATORS OF
THE REVENUE LAWS
People axe asking, says the correspond
ent, how Cardinal Raropolla can pledge
the next Pope. .
their functions. Pope Leo has not signed
the consistorial documents, but you may
assure your sovereign that If a misfortune
occurs the future Pope will ratify the acts
of the last consistory."
succeeds occasionally, but an attack of
delirium follows this effort and each is
stronger than the preceding. The resist
ance which his frail, almost transparent
body offers to disease is really marvel
ous. Dr. Mazzonl was asked for an ex
planation and said:
"It is a phenomenon which, as all such,
cannot be explained." • •
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Dying Pontiffs Amazing Vitality.
JURIST WHO IS PRESIDING AT. SAN RAFAEL AND PERSONS CON
SPICUOUS IN THE LIVELY WILL CONTEST WHICH HAS AROUSED
THE INTEREST OF THE PEOPLE OF MARIN.
The revoking of the crimes r.ct, coming
on the .eve cf King Edward's visit to Ire
land, gives great satisfaction. Both here
and In Belfast elaborate preparations are
bring actively proceeded with to decorate
and illuminate the cities. The King is
certain to have a most enthusiastic wel
come, and general regret Is expressed
that the ouestlon of presenting an ad
dress to his Majesty snould have been
forced to a division In the Dublin corpora
tion, which, in spite of the decision ar
rived at. is riving the citizens' committee
every facility for the decoration of the
Etreets.
D.UBLJN, July 14.— A proclamation is
published to-day in the Dublin Gazette
revoking the summary jurisdiction pow
ers of the magistrates in those districts
of Ireland which still remain under the
crimes act.
Revocation of Crimes Act on Eve of
His Visit Gives General
.Satisfaction.
IRELAND IS PREPABENG
TO RECEIVE KING EDWARD
The Brotherhood of Trainmen Is not
connected with the American Federation
of Labor, like the Amalgamated Asso
ciation, and therefore Is without repre
sentation in the Central Labor Union.
The fieht is the opening skirmish of
what promises to be a bitter war be
tween these two organizations for Juris
diction over the employes of this new
kind of railroad, a line which is operated
and disciplined the same as a steam rail
road and running over a private right of
way between distant places, but like
street railways, using electricity for mo
tive power.
SCRANTON, Pa.. July 14.— Grand Mas
ter Morrisspy of the Brotherhood of Rail
road Trainmen to-night telegraphed the
local lodge of the brotherhood to accept
the application of the employes of the
Laurel line, a third rail electrical road,
for membership in the brotherhood, de
spite the protest of the Amalgamated As
sociation of Street and Electrical Rail
road Employes that these men come un
der its jurisdiction. A boycott was placed
on the new road when it was opened in
May because the employes were not un
ionized, and National Organizer Fitzger
ald of the Amalgamated Association de
clares that unless the men Join the or
ganization the boycott will not be lifted.
Terry charges that subsequently ho
made an affidavit maklnj* these charges
and handed it to Masten to present to
First Assistant Postmaster General Johrr
son, and that the affidavit did not reach
Johnson. According to the charges. Mas
ten subsequently was asked by Terry for
the affidavit and refused to return it, and
Terry thereupon placed the information
before the Civil Service Commission, who
took up the subject with the President.
The Federal Grand Jury in this city. la
considering several Important postofflce
cases, which are expected to prove of
widespread interest. Postmaster General
Payne said *?-day that he expected th«re
would be some important news during his
absence on his trip along the coast and
that he expected the Grand Jury would
supply interesting developments. There
is no definite information available as to
the Identity of the cases, but the jury
has been working on them for some time.
WASHINGTON*. Julx 14.— The po*tofflce
Inspectors are Investigating charges made
against John M. Masten, now assistant
superintendent of the railway mall ser
vice and formerly chief clerk of the First
Assistant Postmaster General's office. A
man named Terrv, now in the Govern
ment service, had made an affidavit be
fore the inspectors alleging that Masten.
while chief clerk to the First Assistant
Postmaster General, proposed that Terry
pay him $50 down and $3 or $10 a month
to secure reinstatement in a former posi
tion In Masten's bureau. Terry charges
that he was originally a $600 employe in
the dead letter office: that he was re
moved under an order of Masten and put
into the city postofflce; tnat he protested,
and finally that Masten suggested hi?
getting an outside person, a close friend
of Masten and a former employe of the
postal aervice, to help him.
The affidavit alleges that Masten gave
Terry assurance that if he paid - the
amount mentioned he could cet back;
that he went to Masten's house,, but did
not pay the money.
John B. Lelghton, secretary of the.Pre
sidio and Ferries Railway Company of
San Francisco, identified certificates of
stock signed by Mrs. Ross and which
were transferred to her daughter.' Miss
Grace E. Worn testified that she had se
cured these receipts for her mother. The
receipts and vouchers were Introduced in
evidence - as - a -part - of •* EjaintifTe case.
of Judge T. J. Lennon, who is
barred from trying the case by reason
of the fact that he was once attorney
for the defendant, Mrs. Lillian Davidson,
the nurse who attended Mrs. Ann S. Ross
during her last Illness, was the most
important witness examined during the
day. Counsel for the defense" objected to
her testimony and arguments were nu
merous. Judge Lawlor permitted the wit
ness to tell the condition of the deceased
previous to her death.
This case is attracting a great deal or
interest in this county. Each day the
courtroom is crowded with society peo
ple The testimony has been spicy and
has been greatly enjoyed by the audi-
The facts in the case are these: Ann
S. Ross died in San Francisco on May
18 1901. leaving an estate valued at $30,000.
It is alleged by William McCann. admin
istrator of the estate, that Annie S. E.
Worn, defendant in the action, gained
possession of the decedent's property by
undue influence, fraud and duress The
complaint shows that the next of kin
were the defendant and Robert Ross
Makin. an adopted son. The latter was
the son of Rebecca Jane Makin, a daugh
ter of the deceased, and had been adopted
by the latter.
Mrs. Ross showed a great deal of af
fection for the child, who was left an
orphan at an early age, and expressed
her intention of leaving her property to
the boy. It is alleged that at the tim£
of her last Illness the deceased was about
W years of age: that she was a sufferer
from cancer, and that to alleviate her
pain she used morphine and other drups.
which left her mind, in a weakened con-
ItTs alFO alleged that a few w«^ks be
fore her death D. E. Perry., husband of
Mrs. Worn'* daughter, ingratiated him
self with the. deceased and induced her
to sign two deeds giving, valuable hold
ings to her datiEhter. Annie S.E. Worn.
The. complaint charges that Perry took
advantage of Mrs. Ross' weakened physi
cal infirmities, old age and credulity and
that no consideration passed between the
defendant and Mrs. Ross. -
The feeling between counsel in the case
is strained. Attorney Thomas P. Boyd
for plaintiff and Attorney Joseph K.
Hawkins exchange curt remarks at every
opportunity. Hawkins this morning at
tempted to tell Boyd how he should con
duct the examination of his witness, and
Boyd. with a great deal of asperity, re
plied that he would take admonitions only
from the court.
Mrs Davidson gave testimony for the
boy She testified to Mrs. Ross* mental
and physical state prior to the time she
signed deeds riving land to the defendant.
"What was her condition of mind? the
witness was asked.
"Unsound." replied the nurse. "Her ap
pearance led me to that conclusion. Her
actions led me to that opinion."
The witness was subjected^ to a close
cross-examination, but did not change her
testimony in any material degree. Shp re
iterated that Mrs. Ross was an incompe
tent person in her last Illness and was in
capable of transacting business. Hawkins
announced he would attempt to impeach
Mrs. Davidson's testimony.
Mrs. Janet S. Porteous of Ross Station,
a friend of Mrs. Rose, was called as a
witness and testified to the physical ap
pearance of the deceased three months
before her death. She stated that she
thought Mrs. Ross was then dying be
cause she looked so ill.
"What was her physical appearance at
that time?"
"Her beautiful expression had gone, her
eyes were shrunken, her face was pale,
her hair was disheveled and altogether
she 'looked a wreck."
Attorney Hawkins attempted to learn
what Mrs. Ross' mental condition was at
that time, but the court sustained the ob
jection of the plaintiffs counsel.
SAN RAFAEL, July 14.-The Ross
will case was resumed to-day be
fore Judge William P. Lawlor of
Ean Francisco, sitting in the place
Admit Electrical Road
Employes to Their
Brotherhood.
Postal Official Is Ac
cused of Soliciting
a Bribe.
TRAINMEN ACCEPT
THE APPLICATION
JOHN M. MASTEN
IN THE DRAGNET
"Not a great while and certainly before
you are much older. Greater feats are
being performed to-day by the engineers
of the world arid I could get a dozen from
as many countries to undertake the very
work that our plans call for in the north
ern waters. Bering Strait is providential
ly arranged : for,the~crossing of railrodd
trains and while the work of building this
portion of the route of the transcontln
tinental road will be attended with many
difficulties it will be accomplished, and
thoroughly so. .
Although designed to give the United
States more, than a proportionate share
In whatever benefits that may accrue
from , the construction of the road, i t is
in'; this country, that his project receives
the . least , encouragement and this fact
he ascribes to the slowness in which, the
Americans are aroused to the importance
of an undertaking of this character and
particularly when it finds its origin In
some* foreign land.
•,'Once across. this continent," said Lo
bel, "and the greater part of our worry
ing is over." It is a grand scheme and
the great American people will eventually
turn to that way of thinking. With their
And later, when Lobel was , asked if he
had as yet figured approximately when
a map. Including these startling engineer
ing feats would be part of the daily les
son, in geography in the schools of the
world, he laughed again, but more assur
ingly than before and slowly replied:
ASSURED OF SUCCESS.
"Tunnels?" queried the interviewer.
"Yes, tunnels." repeated the representa
tive of the Parisian Geographical Society.
"We might temporarily use a ferryboat,
but tunneling 1b part of our scheme and
will undoubtedly be carried out. With the
advantages offered us by the two islands
that He in our way we • would only have
to build two tunnels of less than eighteen
miles each, or, if more convenient to our
plans, two tunnels under the strait of a
distance of sixteen miles each and one
of four miles."
"No. not a bridge, but tunnels'."
Lobel's route over the American con
tinent from the East orlglnally
included part of Canada, but this
idea was eventually eliminated from his
maps. As the plans now are it Is pur
posed to cross the United States from
New York to San Francisco, thence
northward through California, Oregon
Washington and Canada as near as pos
sible along the coast, to Juneau, thence
to Fort Cudahy and then in a westerly
direction to the most westerly point of
Alaska, extending into the Bering Strait.
It will be at this point that Lobel figures
he will encounter his most difficult but
by no means discouraging engines-ing
problem*. The straits have a breadth
from the American to the Siberian shores
of thirty-seven miles. In the waters of
this strait, lying directly in the route of
his proposed road, are the Diomede Isl
ands. Naturally the ordinary observer
would hurriedly BUggest the necessity of
a long bridge, but Lobel, when this sug
gestion was made to him yesterday,
smiled as he replied:
ELIMINATES CANADA.
He is now making a tour of the world
in the Interest of the great railroad
scheme, or rather for the purpose of get
ting the people of various countries of
the globe interested in it, and it is this
motive that has directed him to San
Francisco.
Later - Lobel visited St. . Petersburg,
where, with credentials from the Presi
dent of France and the Shah of Persia,
who had taken kindly to his enormous
scheme, he was enabled to obtain audi
ences with the representatives of the Czar
and from him was guaranteed concessions
of lands and rights of way that are prac
tically the foundation of his railroad
project.
"To-day Lobel carries with him elaborate
maps of the entire route over which he
would have his road extend, numerous
photographs of the many mountainous
countries through which it Is proposed to
establish grades, statistics relating to the
products, the soil, climatic conditions and
other Interesting information along the
route and letters galore tearing upoii his
representations as to the backing he has
and regarding what may be expected in
the way of assistance from the foreign
countries from which he will have to ask
permission and obtain recognition for the
furthering of his undertaking.
Lobel persevered and eventually suc
ceeded In receiving encouragement from
sources he most desired and In a year's
time he found himself at the head of a
syndicate, which in turn has received as
surance of financial support to the extent
of nearly $10,000,000 in Europe in aid of the
preliminary work of the road.
A road that will sustain itself by the
traffic, freight and passenger, developed
through Its own territory; a line that
will transport people from Peking to
Philadelphia, from St. Louis to Vienna,
San Francisco to Rome or clear around
the world without the Inconvenience of
change to steamer, is the gigantic scheme
which M. Loubel is working out in his
mind and an ambition upon which the
greatest hopes of the man are being
built.
It was In 1898 that Lobel visited Alaska
on a scientific mission and acquainted
himself upon the natural conditions of
the northwestern country, and it was
there that he first thought of the great
project that has since interested many
wealthy men of Europe and resulted in
the formation of a big company which,
he says, has pledged him ample funds
for carrying it but. In 1899 Lobel re
turned to Alaska, this time free to devote
his entire time to studying the situation
as it presented itself to his mind. The
more he studied the more convinced he
became that an all rail route around the
world by way of the Bering Strait was
feasible, and hurrying back to Paris he
presented his immature project to the
men of finance, who marveled at the idea.
The Parisian papers were at first inclined
to refer to the proposed undertaking of
Lobel as a magnificent dream, and dis
paraging, too, were the writers of the
press in other of the European papers.
LOBEL PEKSEVEBES.
Monsieur Loicq de Lobel, member of
the Geographical Society of Paris, who
conceived the idea of building a trans-
Alaska-Siberian railroad and thereby af
fording an all rail route from New York
to Paris and shifting the commercial axis
from the Suez Canal to Bering Straits, a
project that has recently startled the
wise men of the Eastern hemisphere, Is
In San Francisco and registered at the
Palace Hotel.
Declares That This Generation Will
See the Building of a Sys
tem Around the
World.
> -.- ...-¦.
French Geographer Says His
. All Rail Project Is
Feasible.
Among those who will be compelled to
appear before the board Is Daniel Meyer,
tho banker, who has been arbitrarily as
sessed on personal property for $1,000,000.
Meyer has refused for many years to
make a. declaration of his personal prop
erty.
The board adjourned to meet next Fri
day afternoon at 2 o'clock, when it will
take up further applications for reduction
of assessments and also pass upon the ar
bitrary assessments.
At the request of Assessor Dodge the
board issued a subpena to E. Black Ryan
to appear before the board at its next
meeting and testify on behalf of Mrs.
Collis P. Huntington as to the value of
the Huntington residence on California
street, which, with its contents, is esti
mated to be worth $750,000 and on which
no sworn return has been made.
llrs. Agnee Fowler. Kaight etreet, near De
xif&dero. $3000 to *2uOO; reduced. D. S. Dorn.
Turk utrett. near Jones. *WO to $50; granted.
1). S Dorn. ditto, 11500 to flOO; granted.
Agnes n Fowler. Halght street, near Devisa
df-ro, $3000 to $2000; granted. Elizabeth Pat
ten. Twenty-second «re*t, near Quincy, $1500
to flOOu; denied. Mary Antonovltch. Green
*tr»*t. near Pcwell, JlooO to $600; cranted. J.
H. Ghio. Broadway, near Mason street, $2700
to $UXX>; denied. Louisa M. Cole. Folsom
•street, near Eleventh, $1060 to $S0. granted;
Alice Manning. Diamond and Twenty-sixth
stretts, 11020 to |6oO; denied. Teresa Landon,
l^angton street, near Folsom. $9C0 to $500; de
nied. Thomas O'Erien. Clary etreet. near H.
»>."..•" to $1000; granted. Luca Pierano. Mason
»-tr»«t. near Washington. $3500 to $2S00; de
r.ied. Gertrude Church, Olive avenue and
Franklin street. $3500 to $300. granted. Jo
sephine Rbbim.cn. Kolsom street, near Twen
tieth, *1750 to $lflOO, granted: P. P. Chamber
land, Lizzie etreet. near Mason, $50/) to $400,
granted. Louisa M. Cole. Folsom etreet, near
Eleventh. $Cl!sO to $*500; denied. Mary A.
Delair.ater, Broadway, near Octavia street.
$2800 to $1800; denied. John J. Hunt. Sanchez
•treet, near Twenty-fifth. $500 to $100; granted.
Mary Ti:jma--». Valencia etreet, near Twenty
fourth. $1700 to $1500; granted. Mary A. Ar
nold. Vermont street, near Twentieth. $700 to
$••".': granted. E. L. Ludworth, Buchanan
street, near Cnlcn. $3400 to $3000; granted.
E. A. Ludworth, ditto, $10,000 to $9000; grant
ed. Georjte S. Ti.den, Devisadero street, near
1'age, $2.'m»i) to $2000 ; granted. E. A. • Lud
worth, Filbert street, near La«una, three lots,
each $1300 to $1250; denied. E. A. Ludworth.
T"nion ar.d Buchanan streets, $4870 to $4500;
denied. P. J. Ilecan, Mission street, near
Jvineteenth. $S0O to $400; denied. J. E. Sharp.
Golden Gatf avenue, near Broderlck street.
$3000 to $1000; denied. George W. Travis,
Eleventh avenue, near A etreet, $700 to $500.
<5»nled. W. P. Ladd. Eddy etreet, near Jones,
|2*'X) to $1500; granted. Hanna Lando, Eddy,
r.ear Van tfica avenue, $5000 to $3000: denied.
M. M. Regenaburger. Union and Broderick
ureets. $000<) to S5000; denied. R. Mitchell,
Turk strvet, near Franklin, *;;uO0 to $2000; de
nied; Adele Heeser. California street, near
Hufhinan. >»< to $3000: denied. Elizabeth
Golden. Turk etreet, near Lyon. $2000 to $1500;
dcr.ied.
After listening to the claims of the ap
plicants, the- board made the following
decisions:
A* seseor Dodpe, Chief Deputy Kline and
a number of the officials of the Assessor's
effice were present at the meeting and
took part in the proceedings, while a large
number of citizens were on hand to pre
sent their claims for a reduction of as
sessment.
The Board of Supervisors met last
evening- at the City Hall and sat as a
board of equalization to paps upon appli
cations for reductions of assessments as
fixed by City and County Assesor Dodge.
Man Who Would Tun
¦ ¦ -/ ¦ - ¦ ¦ -.
nel Bering Straits Is
in the City..
Mrs. Collis P. Huntington's
Agent Is Cited to
Appear.
Many Reductions on City
Assessments Are
Presented.
Will Contest in the Court at San Rafael Fur
nishes Material for a Controversy— Efforts
to Determine Woman's Mental Status
LOBEL MARKS
OUT GIGANTIC
UNDERTAKING
SUPERVISORS ACT
AS EQUALIZERS
SHARP WORDS BETWEEN THE LAWYERS
ENLIVEN THE ROSS CASE IN MARIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903. .
2
Framed closely with three or
four ' inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study. .
- Highland; Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
¦-.•'.¦ ART SUPPLEMENT.
RED-HOT I ri/IEIJQ
PRICES AT LLV'i1 O
35-37 Taylor Street.
PRICES FOR ALL OF THIS WEEK:
Naphtha Soap, all ¦*•«&-¦• °«3 25«
Levin's Best Sand Soap. 9 bars .25c
Fairbanks 1 Fairy Soap. * fcar» 25c
Ooexl "Wax Candles, dozen ISC
Best Tallow Candles. e*ch ..le
Hardwood Toothpicks. 10 boxes..... ..25c
Be best Parlor Matches. 2 packs 3e
All colors Illusion, yard .....tOc
Largp 10c pkgs Pearltne. 3 for........ 25c
Reg flOc No 8 Wash Boilers for 5«>e
Reg. $1.75 large Gas Ovens for Ql.lty
6-qt 60c Agate Covered t>aucepans....45c
60c S-qt. Agate Lipped Saucepans 3Oc
Me X-qt. Agate Coffee Pots for 25c
40c Agate Fry Pans for ;25c
Reg. 40c 6-qt. Agate Pudding Pans.... 25c
6-qt Block Tin Saucepans for 1 ."Vc
2-qt! Milk Cans, 10c; 4 Sa polio 25e
Tin Wash Basin. 3c; Jar Caps. dox..2Oc
20c Tin Flour Sifters for ., lUe
Reg $2.75 3-burner Stove for $2.Ol>
5c Writing Paper Tablets. 2 for 5c
Reg. fl.25 Meat Safes, on sale for.... 05e
50-piece gold lined Dinner Seta f3.1>5
d-qt. Agate Milk Pans for JOc
Reg. 50c Tape Corsets for sSo
75c Agate Tea. or Coffee Pots, white.. 5<>o
All colors Corduroy Binding. yard..2V4o
36-incb. 25c Mercerized Lining, yard... 15c
3«-i nch Black Nearsilk . Lining yard...t»<»
Reg. ,$2.&o Bissell Carpet Sweeper..* 1>7
Reg. $1.75 Challenge Wringer.... ..$1.11>
Reg 25c Window Screens for 15«
25c Decorated China Cake Plates for.. 15c
35c Decorated China Salad Dishes for UOc
Reg. 5Oc Blue Crockery Salt Boxes. :.25o
Large Decorated China Cup & Saucer. 1«««
40c Black Fancy Lace Hose for 25c
15u and 25c Veilings selling for; yard Sc
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News
." . Ean Francisco, July 13. 1603.
yV7 E HAVE A VERT INTERESTING CASE
cl DiibrtM to report thl» week. The
pctient i» Mn. Norman Carr of Union Springs.
ICew Tork. Fhe Is the aged wife of a veteran
ct the Civil T\'ar. Ha* had Diabetes for fifteen
>¦?*!¦«. ' Her phyelclan had her on the usual
cirt and was dolnr all that could be done to
Jci^p tor alive.
Her -daughter read in the Auburn (N. T.)
ropers that Mr. Walling, the Auburn druggist,
had Jurt rotten from California a cure for
Bright'* Direare and Diabetes, end went to see
fclrn. He told her that it was a. fact, and that
Mrs. Bell, one of the nurses in the Auburn
Hospital, bad Just recovered from Bright's Dis-
ease, although at one time it was not believed
ehe would live twenty-four hours.
Mr*. Carr's daughter thereupon sent her two
bottles of Fulton's Diabetic Compound. Her
feriouk' condition may be judged from this:
Ehe had' not for years been able to go up ar.d
<l-»n rtair*; she had not been out of -doors
for thrr e month«: had diabetic sores; complex-
ion like wax; no Ftrength; was drinking about
three gallons of water dally, and never satis-
fied ; could drink a quart of water at a time
end was ready In live minutes to drink the
tame amount again; ravenous appetite « to
t> meals' a day); was bedridden, and there waa
no hope that ehe would ever get up again.
After something like six months on the Ful-
ton Compound ehe now writes that she Is up
and aronnd. can walk a half mile without ex-
haustion. \hlrst reduced, and ebe closes thus:
"I do sot think I would have been living to-
day if It had not been for your Compound. I
have told .several who are using it and getting
well. Slay God bleu you and spare you many
years for -the good your medicine Is doing."
If Interested parties have any doubt about
the genuineness of the above we invite you to
writ* Mrs. Norman Carr. Union Bprings, N. y.,
or Mr. U. Walling, her druggist, at Auburn'
Bright' s Disease and Diabetes are now cur-
able In . nieariy nlne-tenthe of all cases. - Ful-
ton's R«nal Compound for Bright' s and Kidney
Disease," tl.00; for Diabetes, |1.60. Jno. J.
Fulton Co.. 409 Washington street. San Fran-
ciacq, scle cottpooadert, -Bend lor pamphlet*'
KITCHENBEQUISITES^^^ _^
rr™~T~T~ If s quick, and
JUSt ITlclKG It . CQGV t
yourself! .
DELICIOUS Short-Cake at small expense!
No risk-no delay-no worry, if youil only
use "PRESTO "quick -flour, and' follow the i
simple recipes in the'package.
PRESTO is full flavored Indiana Wheat, ground to
such unusual fineness, and uniformity, .that it absorbs
fluids evenly, *' works quickly," and bakes properly, every
time, at a given heat. •
Fresh Cream of Tartar, and Soda, are already blended
into it— less "Shortening" than usual is needed,— quick ac-
i lion, and sure results, are obtainable with it, even by a child.
Observe below, that PRESTO Short-Cake costs actually
less than when made from common flour*.
2Cups PRESTO 3l#] 0 fCupa FLOUR ll* 0
No Baking Powder '-^- ft— o 4 Te««pns Baking Pdr ••• -Ht f^C
* Teaspoons Sugar ../>i* V 1 / ** . I Teaspoons Sugar e$* [-V^^
H Cup Milk li* / T JiCupMilk Itf Q Q
K Cup Butter .. — .. .—.3^ 4 H Cup Butter— ••_• £l*J O ,
FOR CAKES f\. - 1 - PIE - CRUST •
BISCUITS • V^/UlUlV" SHORT-CAKE
PUDDINGS • "D1^- 14^ MUFFINS • •
DUMPLINGS 17 1 Oil I . DOUGHNUTS
Of all good Grocers (or The H-O. Co, Buffalo^ In 23? and 10? package*.H. Seward. who claims to have sold for
Jane W. Thomas stock in the Standard
Soap Company for $32,500, filed a suit
against her yesterday for $2625 commis
sion. He alleges that the sale was made
under an agreement he made with her
last February, but that ever since then
she has refused to compensate him for bis
trouble.
UNFORTUNATE DRESSMAKER "WHO WHILE TEMPORARILY DE
RANGED ATTEMPTED TO JUMP • OVERBOARD FROM JACKSON
STREET WHARF. BEING PREVENTED BY A POLICEMAN.
Reception — Henry Joost (chairman), Milton
Borkhelm. Julius Frankel, Ralph K. Campbell,
Frank I .Butler. Fritz Z. Ernst, J. M. Stumpf.
P. H. Cullen. E. L. Wise, Frank J. Taylor,
William D. Puckhaber and George McCormlck.
Floor—Julius Eppsteln (manager). Richard
Cullen (assistant). George E. Moore. Chris B.
Maher. Charles S. White. William L Burns.
Frank T. Gregory. Harry I. Mulcrevy. Wil
liam A. Mclaughlin. M. A. R»arJan, Anton*
P. Herzo and Huso Seitx.
Arrancecienta — William I. Burns. Richard R.
Cullc-n. William A. McLaughlln. Julius Epp
•teln and J. T. Cossrove.
Xearly 800 people accepted the invita
tions sent out by Olympus Parlor of the
Native Sons of the Golden West to attend
In N. S. G. TV. Hall the grand ball given
In celebration of the tenth anniversary of
th© institution of the parlor. The deco
rations were pleasing and there were
nearly 200 couples In the grand march,
led by Julius Epstein and Miss Millie
Freeman and Richard R. CuIIen and Miss
Tessle Needham. The affair was under
the direction of the folowing named com
mittees:
Grand March to Strains of
Sweet Music.
Two Hundred Couples Parade in
OLYMPTJS PARLOR, M". S. O. W.,
GIVES ANNIVERSARY BALL
The aged father of the dead man, John
J. Mahoney. who Is well and favorably
known throughout the city, called at the
Morgue and was overcome with grief. Hs
could assign no reason for the actions of
his son. The promptness of Patrolman
McGrayan in sending for the wagon and
the quick drive to the hospital made by
Patrol Driver Comstock had much to do
with saving Shelly's life.
MOTIVE IS UNKNOWN.
The Coroner's offlce was notified aa&
Deputy Coroner Fennell and Assistant
Thomas Davis went to the scene. Tb«
remains of Mahoney were removed to tha
Morgue. Detectives Ross tVhltaker and
Ed Gibson were detailed by Captain Mar
tin and made a thorough Investigation.
but were unable to discover a motive tot
the attempted murder and suicide.
Shelly, who lives with his wife and
widowed mother at 1627 Mason street. «u
married about a year ago. He Is an In
dustrious fellow, 30 years of age, and la
given an excellent reputation by tha real
dents of the district
The dead man is a son of John J. Slav*
honey, formerly captain of Engine No. I,
on Stockton street. He resided with his
parents at 510 Vallejo street and waa »
years of ase. From statements of his
associates he was of a quarrelsome dis
position when drinking, and it Is under
stood had been mixed up in several
scrapes.
barely escaping wounding: the brain. la
addition to these wounds Shelly* s bands
were terribly cut, showing that lie had
attempted to wrest the knife from his as
sailant.
Kramer and Patrolman McGrayan then
hastened to the side of Shelly, who was
lying In a pool of blood, where he had re
ceived his wounds. A hurry call was sent
for the patrol wagon and the woynded
man conveyed to the Central Emergency
Hospltal. . Dr. Harvey, the phy*slcian in
charge, found upon examination that he
had sustained a deep scalp wound on the
hlght side of the head, a superficial wound
on the right side of the neck, a deep
wound of the left cheek and that the
knife had been driven Into his left eye.
His pursuer feared that he contemplated
pulling a gun and did not wish to tackle
him single-handed. He called for assist
ance and several young men and Police
man Frank McGrayan hastened up the
hill In the direction of the cries. Before
any of them could reach Mahoney he had
wnlpped out x razor and. turning his head
upward, puUid the steel across his neck,
nearly decapitating himself. He fell to
the sidewalk and when Kramer came up
to him he waa breathing his last, the
razor lying by his side.
According to these two witnesses the
first they saw of the affair the two men
were scuffling on Mason street, near the
corner of Green. Shelly turned and start
ed to run across k the street, at the same
time exclaiming, "Don't Jack, for God's
sake, don't!" Mahoney followed him and
dealt him a blow In the back which felled
him to the pavement, and then Jumped
on the prostrate man, raining what ap
peared to be blow after blow upon him.
Kramer was standing a short distance
away and ran. to the scene. .Upon reach
ing the two combatants he saw that Ma
honey had a dagger in his hand which he
was Jabbing into Shelly. He grabbed Ma
honey's arm and wrested the knife from
him. Mahoney then rose to his feet and
ran up Mason street toward Vallejo, with
Kramer in close pursuit. Mahoney, upon
reaching. Vallejo street, turned down that
thoroughfare In the direction of Powell
street, and when about in the middle of
the block on the north side suddenly halt
ed and made a movement for his hip
pocket. . • • ¦
STABS HIS VICTIM.
Shortly before ' 8 o'clock Mahoney and
Shelly, who have been friends for years
and employed at the glove factory of B.
Blumenthal & Co., "at 27 Battery street,
met at the corner of Green and Mason
streets and engaged In conversation. Mrs.
Shelly, mother of the wounded man. who
was sitting at the window of her home,
1C27 Mason street, saw her son talking to
his friend until the darkness shut the
two men from her view.
Hector Maffei, a boy, and Fred Kramer
were the only witnesses of the affair, and
their stories do not differ in the main.
The affair took place about 8 o'clock last
night and the entire neighborhood waa
thrown Into a state of wildest excitement.
The presence of; mind and bravery of
Fred Kramer, a young man residing at
1626 Powell street, no doubt saved Shelly
from death at the hands of the Infuriated
man.
From the story of eye-witnesses, Ma
honey was the aggressor throughout and
used every endeavor to kin Shelly. That
he did not succeed Is regarded as miracu
lous. What caused the dead man to at
tempt tha life of his friend will not be
known until Shelly Is able to talk.
While deranged from overindulgence In
alcoholic stimulants John J. Mahony Jr..
a frlove cutter, terribly wounded Harry
Shelly, *. fellow cratsman, with a dirk
at the corner. of Green and Mason streets
last evening and then ended his own ex
istence a block from the scene by cut
ting his i throat from ear to ear with a
razor. The Victim of the murderous as
sault now lies at the- Central emergency
Hospital in ' a precarious .condition and
will lose tho sight of his left eye. which
was punctured -by the weapon.
Thinking He Had Accomplished His
Desire, the . Would-Be Mur
derer Fatally Slashes
His Throat.
John J. Mahoney Jr. Nearly
Kills Harry Shelly
With a Knife.
Stabs His Friend in Eye,
Then. Takes His
Own Life.
CRAZED MAN
USES DAGGER
IN MAD RAGE
Mathew Powline. residing at 414 Jackson
street, walked into the office of the Su
perintendent of Public Buildings yester
day afternoon and demanded that he be
elected "President of California" forth
with. It was evident the man was de
mented and 'Policeman Blermann took
him to the Detention Hospital, rowllne
will be taken before the Commissioners
to-day for examination. He was born in
San Mateo County thirty-seven years ago.
Would Be President of State.
advised th© American Bankers' Associa
tion; to give Becker $300 a month In order
to keep him out of further mischief. Some
Iccal bankers have stated that they feel
that such an act might place a premium
on crime,' but others argue that in the
present, instance it would be the wisest
policy,. for the forger has shown himself
too . clever to be detected ordinarily. He
troubled the bankers for years before he
was captured and he 'might do the same
thing again.
.: He, has. signified his willingness to ac
cept a- pension and the association's pro
tective committee is generally supposed to
have agreed to furnish the stipend men
tioned. •
\ Mrs. -Currey was a native of Michigan,
aged 54 years. Her husband,' Samuel Cur
rey, is a carpenter, at present working at
Mare Island.
'Two 'shots had been fired, tha first bul
let striking the door casing and falling
on the other side of tho room. The- sec
ond bullet entered the heart of the unfor
tunate woman, killing her almost in
stantly.. '*
Two years of ceaseless pain without
prospect/of relief caused Mrs. Fannie B.
Currey to aend a pistol bullet through
her heart -yesterday at her residence, 1017
Powell street, j She had often threatened
to kill herself and told her daughter Ha
zel about a week ago that she had bought
a cheap pistol In Chinatown for the pur
pose'of-committing suicide. Her daugh
ter and Mrs. Currey's brother, Eugene
Blakeley, searched the house thoroughly
for. the weaDon. but were not able to find
It. Edward Moore, a roomer, saw her at
half-past 8 o'clock yesterday morning, and
she was complaining very much of pains
with' which she ha4 been afflicted ever
since she had had a surgical operation
performed two years ago. Mr. Blakeley
went to her room at 10:50 a. m. to get a
cup of coffee and found her lying dead on
The floor, with a revolver in her right
hand.
Mrs. Fannie Currey Shoots Herself
. Through the Heart. •
DRIVEN BY PAIN TO SUICIDE.
If the woman shows signs of regaining
her mental composure she will be turned
over to her friends. Otherwise she will be
sent to an asylum.
of her husband has caused her to 'become
mentally unbalanced.
The mother and child were given quar
ters at .the. hospital for the night.
'The doctors will institute further in
quiry into the case this morning. They
believe • that a few days' rest will suffice
to restore- Mrs. Enelund.
STANFORD PARLOR GIVES
. BANQUET TO ITS OFFICERS
Retiring President Is the Recipient
of a Handsome Gold
Badge.
j Stanford Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West gave an Installation ban
quet in, Native Sons' Hall last night to
its old and new officers. There were near
ly a hundred of the members present and
quite - an aggregation of invited guests.
John "F. -English was the toastmaster.
-'William .Magulre 'responded to "Stan
ford i Parlor, ','./ J. s T.* Nash to "Our Order,"
W. Cannon to "California," Judge George
H. -.Cabaniss ) to "The Ladies" and "Old
Members" was responded to by Edward
irpad.-gESg 1 illliiJLUIlirrtHiPtfffBliTmimCTTnit
• Steve Douglass entertained with instru
mental selections. Richard Hunt and
"Doc" W. H. Seiberst with" songs and
George Ryan told 'some [ funny - stories.
During the evening A. ; F. , Schleicher, the
retiring* president, was presented a valua
ble I diamond set badge o f his rank in the
order." The following named are the offi
cers who were installed for the current
term: . : . ' -" * * ¦¦
t J. T.'l Nash, past president; J. J. I Van I No»
trand, president: J. Hardlman. G. Laughlln and
\V. D., Lahey. vice presidents; - William Ma
guire. marshal; Fred Jung, recording ; secre
tary: Joseph 8. Cox, financial ; secretary; T. I.
Fltzpatrick. Inside sentinel; J. E.\ Perry, ¦ out
side sentinel; J. Campodonlco. trustee. -
' Altogether Becker has had a very easy
time of lt>'To'be cure, he cannot have
air the liberty he might desire, but then
he does not have to soil his hands -and
has three square meals each day. Agulrro
has allowed him J full I credits and [ if the
wily forger behaves •»¦ himself properly
henceforward he will go .' free , once - more
three weeks from next Monday.
In spite of occasional denials the story
keeps : going: the | rounds that - Becker will
not have to return to his old trade when
he emerges from the penitentiary. The
American, BankersV Association "realizes
that the crimlnar is too dangerous to go
at lar ge. sWi th his skill he ; ought to" make
a thousand times honestly what he might
ever get by forgery, but some "men-can
hotihunt for.. work, 'and Becker seems'to
be ; one'of ;them. •-.' . .'.', "' •*
It is : iasscrted that the Pinkertons have
GETS FULL CREDITS.
• Becker,; the* pen artist and. king. of the
gang, was sent to San Quentln for a term
of seven years, In 189S. Under the tender
care of Warden Aguirre the criminal has
been allowed to toy with pen^and paper
a few Idle hours each day and enjoy him
self as best he 'might the remainder of
the' time. . 1 - • .
An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court and a new trial was ordered. Fin
ally - Creegan was given two years at
Folsom. He was discharged three years
ago and has gone forth into the world
doomed to live ever under the watchful
eyes of the agents of the American Bank
ers' Association. Dean, less criminal than
weakling, w<*nt -forth from the prison
humble and broken.
When questioned the woman admitted
that she intended to commit suicide, and
that rather than, leave her child to be
come a public charge she had decided to
take the little one with her. .
It. was learned that Mrs. Enelund is a
dressmaker residing at 1342 Jackson street.
About eighteen months ago her husband
died and left her to care for their only
child. For some little time the neighbors
have noticed that Mrs. Enelund has
shown signs . of . dementia and from her
rambling talks it Is thought that the loss
representations In. passing the fraudulent
paper to the clearing-house.
Dean & McCloskey were apprehended In
Minnesota a few months after the com
mission of the crime j and were later
brought to this city for trial. On May^l.5,
189C, Becker and Creegan were caught in
Newark, N. J. McCloskey was tried and
acquitted. Dean turned State's evidence,
and after a long legal battle Becker and
Creegan were convicted. Judge Wallace
sentenced the forgers to life -Imprison*
ment. ¦•• > X.;.v*i .-. •...,..
EMMA C. ENELUND, . a Swedish
woman, was -prevented from
drowning herself In the bay yes
terday by the prompt action of
Police Officer. Sol Sandman.
People whose business brought them to
Jackson-street wharf noticed the peculiar
actions of the woman before the officer
took her in charge and notified the police.
For some time Mrs. Enelund, who had
with her her seven-year-old daughter,
walked up and down near the end of the
pier in an excited manner. Several per
sons accosted her and asked her if she
was in trouble, but to none of them would
she vouchsafe a reply.
Soon after one of the freight steamers
pulled away from the wharf, the woman
took off her, hat and threw It into the
bay. A moment later she attempted to
divest herself of her clothing and calling
to her child to Join her, she walked to
the end of the wharf, and seemingly de
termined to plunge into the bay.' She
was seized by Sandman.
The officer had Mrs. Enelund and her
child removed to the Detention Hospital,
where she was examined by Drs. Rethers
and McGettigan as to her sanity. She
answered all questions In a rambling way
and it was evident from her manner that
the woman was demented.
Books on her person showed that Mrs.
Enelund had to her credit with the Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company
nearly $1600.
He left Columbus for this coast almost
Immediately. The case against him was
prosecuted, by the attorney who had -se
cured his acquittal on the lunacy charges
and was for $100. attorney's fees.
Selbach. It Is claimed, sold $2000 worth
of property in Columbus and brought the
money West. He claimed that he was
bunkoed out of It In a gambling den In
Oregon.
•Dr. Selbach Is a radical member of an
anti-Catholic organization and cherishes
the hallucination' that he is constantly
being hounded' by Catholics. AC month
ago Selbach was arrested at Columbus
for an alleged attempt to defraud his
creditors, and. the prosecution found an
old statute under which he could have
been imprisoned for debt, but tho court
exercised clemency and he was released.
A telegram .from Columbus, O., Sel
bach's former home, is to the effect that
he practiced his profession in that city
thirty years or more. He is a member of
one of the oldest families there and for
a long time has been regarded as eccen
tric. He was twice arrested on lunacy
warrants growing, out of his uncalled-for
attacks on unoffending citizens. These
attacks occurred on the street. . «
ARRESTED FOR. LUNACY.
Selbach is a portly man about 56 years
of age.. He bad the appearance of being
somewhat' under the Influence of liquor
and Acknowledged that: he had been
drinking a little. He said he had no fear
that the mob would lynch him. He
charged Policeman' Herlihy with beating
him on. the face with his club while he
was handcuffed in the patrol wagon on
the way to the prison.
Herlihy. was a witness to the attack
upon the Sisters. He said there were
three of them— Sisters Magdalene, Mar
guerite and Lorenzo of the German Do
minican Convent. They had Just crossed
the street, he said, when Selbach came
between them, seized hold of one and
shoved her so that she fell. He then de
liberately tore off the veil of ope of the
other Sisters. After being cared for at
the music store of Pommer-Ellers Com
pany and having recovered from the ex
citement caused by the unexpected at
tack vpon them, they proceeded on their
way To San Jose. ' ¦
A. R. Pommer was a witness to the as
sault, and* a member of the firm of Bar
rett & Kalisky,/ 190 Stevenson street,
handed Policemanj Herlihy a card and
said he would appear as a witness. -
"I was. crossing the street and got be
tween them. One of them stepped on
my foot, hurting my corns, and I raised
my arm to push her aside. She slipped
and fell and one of the other sisters grab
bed hold of me. I put out my hand and
accidentally tore her bonnet or veil. Then
the policeman came and arrested me.
"I arrived here from Columbus, Ohio,
last Sunday morning and .took a room at
230 Kearny street, intending to start busi
ness here. I was for thirty-three years
In business in Columbus and was driven
out of that city by the persecution of the
Roman Catholics. They ruined my busi
ness because I am a Lutheran Metho
dist." ' ,
IS AN ELDERLY MAN.
His face was covered with blood and
bruised and swollen. After the blood had
been washed away he was asked why he
had attacked the sisters, and he denied
having done so. . He said:
The patrol wagon arrived at this junc
ture and Selbach was bundled unceremo
niously into it and conveyed to the South
ern police station, where a charge of bat
tery was placed against him.
PATROL ARRIVES.
his prisoner. As the strugsle continued
the crowd yelled "Lynch him!" "Hang
him!" "Kill him!"
Those who were within reach struck
him and kicked at him, and those in
the rear, anxious to do likewise, were
prevented from doing so by two police
men who Joined Herlihy in the defense of
In the meantime a large crowd had col
lected about Selbach and Policeman Her
lihy. The news of the assault spread rap
idly, and the crowd quickly grew from a
small knot of people to a howling mob.
Eight in the center of it Selbach strug
gled with the policeman— dodging as best
be could the perfect avalanche of fists
that came upon him from all directions
despite the efforts of the policeman. Down
Third Street he was dragged, the crowd
following, and when the policeman made
a stand at the patrol box the crowd
charged still closer and endeavored to
tear the prisoner from the grip of his
captor.
The assault occurred at a time when
Market street, at its junction with Third
and Kearny, was crowded. The nuns,
who were en route to San Jose, were
waiting for a car to take them to the
Third-Etrect depot. They were walking
toward the middle of the street when
Selbach met them. Without uttering a
word he brutally shoved one of the black
robed women and she fell to the cobble
stones. She was Bister Marguerite, and
ss she fell Selbach turned and grabbed
the veil of Sister Lorenzo, tearing it from
her head. Before he had time to lay
hands upon Sister Magdalene, the other
nun, he was seized by Patrolman P. N.
Herlihy. who, as soon as he saw the
drunken man shove Sister Marguerite,
rushed from where he was standing and
seized SeJbach.
Others had witnessed the assault and
they, too, rushed to the spot. Their first
care was the nuns, ar.d these they escort
ed to the music store of Pommer-Eilers
Company, at (S3 Market street, where
they were cared for.
STREET CROWDED.
THE angry cry of a mob clamoring
for vengeance was heard on Mar
ket street, near Third, yesterday
afternoon, shortly after 4 o'clock.
"Lynch him: Lynch him!" shout
ed the mob. aroused by the spectacle of a
burly, drink-crazed man brutally assault
ing three defenseless nuns wearing the
black and white robes of the Dominican
oro>r. The man who assaulted them, was
VF. H. Selbach. a Jentist of Columbus,
Ohio. Neither of the Fisters, all three of
whom were from the German Dominican
Convent, on Guerrero street, near Twen
ty-fourth, was hurt, but Selbach was bad
ly beaten, some of the angry pedestrians
who witnessed the assault having man
aped to reach his face with fists driven
with the force of anger.
HAN WHO NARROWLY ESCAP
ED LYNCHING FOR ATTACK
. UPON DOMINICAN SISTERS.
The Nevada Bank passed the check to
the clearing-house immediately and the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank recognized the
paper and gave credit for it. The court
cays that the governing principle in such
cases where the transacting parties are
equally innocent of wrong- is to leave the
burden of error on the shoulders of those
on whom it has been placed unless one
of the contracting parties ought naturally
to secure redress in a court of equity. In
the present case, the Nevada Bank made
no profit by the transaction and is held
to have been only an intermediary. The
Judgment of the trial court is according
ly reversed.
The opinion is. written by Justice Hen
shaw, with whom Justices McFarland,
Van ' Dyke," Lorlgan 'and Chief ."Justice
Eeatty directly " concur. Justice! Shaw
writes a dissenting opinion to the effect
that the Nevada Bank should be held re
sponsible in that it tacitly made false
ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE.
The Superior Court's judgment was in
favor of the ; Crocker- Woolworth Bank
and an appeal was taken by the opposing
litigants to the State's highest tribunal.
The Supreme Court says that there was
no conspiracy between Becker arid the
Nevada Bank and that therefore the in
stitution's officials acted' in good' faith.
They simply paid the part of collecting
agent for their client.' -¦*•¦' •
The wily manipulators of fraudulent
checks were captured in different parts
of the country,, but only a little of the
"swag", was ever forthcoming. Then
there was some little difference of • opin
ion as to who should stand the loss of
the $20,000. The Bank of Woodland was
on hand with the original $12, but that did
not relieve the situation to any consider
able extent. The officials of the Crocker-
Wool worth- National Bank told the of
ficials of the Nevada Bank that the peb
for their mistakes. The Nevada Bank's
pie who cashed false checks should' settle
directors had another view. Then the dis
pute was in the courts. ,
From the Clearing-house the false check
went to the Crocker- Woolworth Bank for
collection. The last named institution ac
cepted the $12 piece of paper and gave re
turns for $22,000 to the Clearing-house.
On January 3. 1S96, the check was sent
to the Bank of Woodland, and next day
word came back that something had gone
wrong. Then the" man-hunters were put
to work for the purpose of landing the
clever felons, behind the bafs and recov
ering as much as might remain of the
stolen money. - % — .- .¦
The officials of the Nevada Bank after
accepting the paper turned It over to the
Clearing-house, in which both the Crock
er-Woolworth Bank and Itself were inter
ested. On the following day Dean again
visited the Nevada Bank and drew $20,000.
Shortly afterward the "gang was tearing
off the miles on an express train to the
East- . .
CRIME IS SUCCESSFUL.
Of Becker's modus operandi little is
known except In regard to the materials
he used. His entire outfit was said to
have consisted of a supply of aniline
dyes, a darning needle, a pocketknife and
seme paper similar to that of which the
check was manufactured.
After eight days of delicate toll op the
fateful slip of paper Becker announced
to his confederates "that the Job was done.
The check now bore the date of Decem
ber 13 and instead of $12 it called for $22,
000. Back through Creegan it went to
Dean, who Had established a banking
credit and who had been selected to pass
the fraudulent paper at the start.
On the morning of December 17 Dean
wrote his pseudonym across the back of
the check and walked coolly into the Ne
vada Bank, where he made a deposit of
the purported $22,000. He was given "pro
visional credit'" in his passbook for the
amount and went away to Join his "pals."
A check for so large an amount is al
ways given the closest possible scrutiny
In all financial institutions of any stand
ing, but Becker's work was flawless.
Handwriting experts with microscopes
and acids were subsequently baffled in
their attempts to find out how it was all
done. A confession of the crime finally
made it plain.
On December 9. 1835, the Bank of Wood
land, Yolo County, issued a draft on the
Crocker- Woolworth Bank of this city for
the 6um of $12 on the order of A. H. Dean.
The last named had previously established
an account with the Nevada Bank of this
city and had about $2000 on deposit. After
securing the draft from the country bank
Dean gave it to Creegan, known through
out the transaction as the "middleman,"
and the last named handed it over to
Becker, who was the pen expert of the
gang.
CHEC-I IS PASSED.
The story of the achievement of the
Becker-Creegan gang is one -of the most
remarkable chronicles in the , American
Bankers' Association's annals of crime.
80 adept were the thieve* that their bold
deed was not discovered until nearly
three weeks after its commission. Then
they were far away. The Pinkertons were
immediately given the scent, and before
five -months had passed the criminals were
all run to earth. In short order the cases
were in the courts. After various delays
of one kind and another a suspect was
set free, one accomplice turned State's
evidence and was released and the re
maining two felons were consigned to the
penitentiary.
In the fall of 1S95 A. H. Dean, alias
Frank Seaver, began to make the ac
quaintance of banking people in this
State. He established a credit in several
Institutions and was ready for work.
Charles Becker, James Creegan and Jo
seph McCloskey. who was accused of
having been implicated in the crime but
who was subsequently acquitted of the
charge of being an accomplice, had not
up to that time appeared on the scene.
The Supreme Court added the last chap
ter yesterday to the story of' the famous
Becker forgery by declaring that the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank must
stand the loss of the $20,000 which the
brace of skillful draft manipulators se
cured by their daring deed. The Nevada
Bank, which cashed the draft. Is held to
have been In no way financially responsi
ble, for the success of the sensational fel
ony. The last of the bold quartet who
forged their way to a fortune has nearly
completed his sentence, and thus the inci
dent is closed.
Justice Is Administered to Part \ of
Gang of Clevor Manipulators
of Fraudulent
Checks.
Crocker- Woolworth Bank Is
Victim to Tune of
$20,000.
Supreme Court Tells
Who Loses by Becker
Forgery.
WRITES END
TO THE TALE
OF A CRIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '" WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
Emma C. Enelund, Who Confesses That She
Contemplated Jumping •; From Wharf
With Her Little "Girl, Taken Into Custody
DEMENTED WOMAN IS PREVENTED
FROM DROWNING SELF AND CHILD
Dr. W. H. Selbach Makes Unprovoked At
tack Upon Sisters and; Narrowly Escapes
Death at the Hands of Witnesses of Act
ANGRY MOB THREATENS TO LYNCH
THE ASSAILANT OF THREE NUNS
Sues for His Commission.
3
DR. KILaCCB'S SWAMP-BOOT. ;
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-BOOT,
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver And
Bladder . Bemedy.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT P3EB BY HAIL.
8wamp-Root. discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles. ~'.-i- T* if/"" ,
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kldnej-3 are pain or dull ache In the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nerv-
ousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, sallow complexion, puf-
fy or dark circles under the «yes, suppres-
sion of urine, or compelled to pass waler
often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the
•world-famous kidney remedy. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, la soon realized. It
stands the highest for Its wonderful cure*
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Swamp-Root is not recommended far
everything, but if you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
It just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes. Tou may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it. Including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both sent free by
mall. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binjham-
ton, K. T., and please ba sure to mention
that you read this generous offer In Th*
San Francisco Dally Call. Don't mak*
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Blnghamton, N. T., on
every bottle.
ADVEBTTSSKENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allou-s Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of 25 cents for
trial bottle.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
Moneyback means
Schilling's Best at your gro-
cer's.
It costs him nothing; costs
nobody anything.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|i WEDNESDAY, JULY 15th. if
|a Throughout the eight floors of .elegant and exclusive de- i I
19 signs of furniture, carpets, rugs, tapestries, draperies and a?
|i wall paper that constitute the store of Jos. Fredericks & Co. a J
F& the red tags of reduction have been placed. For the first | |
H time in our forty years of business experience we have cut B *
H prices and we have begun in the right way — by cutting from H f
I Our stock is so well known to San Francisco lovers of jj ?
1 . the beautiful in furniture that it is needless to dwell upon g I
9 the quality of the goods upon which these cuts are made. 9 I
m It will suffice to say that every piece is of our regular stock, d <
i a and no goods will be brought in from outside for this sale. H »
H We can do no more than take a few prices at random | 4
fa from the many cuts we have made: 3 &
fa In the Gold and Red Room on the sixth floor we have 8 e
jja .cut the, prices ion gold and Vemi Martin desks, cabinets. H£
JU tables and parlor furniture from 25 to 50 per cent. A large n j
$M two-piece suit, sofa and arm chair, mahogany over-stuffed. S >
Kg formerly $195, has been cut to $98. A gold divan, formerly g *
fa $120, to $80. Another, a little cheaper grade, was $60 and H f
fij is- now $48. Vcrni Martin parlor art chairs that were Ml
M On the fifth floor we have two Tunis Mahoj?any book- B I
g3 cases, three sections, cut from $200 to $95. Two and three n |
»S section Mahogany bookcases with leaded glass doors cut B 1
S3 from $90 to $72, and from $70 to $56. A three-section Eng- g |
fiB lish bookcase, cut from S70 to $56, ana one in golden oak, y J
»|i three sections, from $40 to $30. w jf
JRa Cheval glasses show the same heavy reductions on the § £1
jgst red tags. A beautiful Empire glass is cut from $3o to $62. a if
¦€gi The mahogany cheval glasses are reduced from $150 to $75, n fel
j |g - Library, parlor, dining-room and bedroom furniture. 3 *1
||| carpets, rugs and draperies have received corresponding 8 ||
|H On anything purchased of us during this sale or at anv *j £l
*S . time not satisfactory or failing to meet our claims we will $ 4
SB refund the money on return of the goods. § |
H JOS. FREDERICKS & CO. I jjWASHINGTON, July 14.— General Cor
bin has approved the recommendation of
General Bates In the case of Lieutenant
McCiie, First Infantry, and the officer is
row on his way to St. Elizabeth's Hos
pital for the Insane, In this > city. The
papers in the caee have been received at
the War Department and show that the
surgeons who examined McCue pronounce
him Insane. Among the papers is one
tendering his resignation as an officer
while in the ¦ Philippines, and another
written about the same time saying that
he was insane. The letter describes his
life in the Interior of Samar,. and says
that existence there makes , men Insane.
McCue is the officer who married in San
Francisco, although having a wife in Cin
cinnati.
General Corbin Approves Beport
. Made by Surgeons Who Exam
ined the Afflicted Officer.
LIEUTENANT McCXJE GOES
TO AN ASYLUM FOB INSANE
In order to provide a satisfactory buoy
for the Kearsarge the royal yacht moved
this afternoon ,to another position, her
place being occupied by Admiral Cotton's
flagship.
Another honor which was commented
on. by the American visitors was the ac
tion of Admiral Hotham In permitting
the use of the royal gangway during the
afternoon's reception, which was attend
ed by 2000 persons.
"We have' been killed with kindness,"
said Captain Hemphill. "Our reception
could not have been better In any shape
or form. It ie impossible to express our
appreciation of the courtesies shown us
and we are deeply indebted, especially to
Admiral Sir Charles F. Hotham, com
roand-in-chief at Portsmouth; Captain
Arbuthnol, and Captain Sir Archibald
Milne."
Admiral Cotton and the other American
officers gave Captain Hemphill all the
honor for the part played by the (Kear
sarge, whose presence contributed in such
a remarkable degree to the success of the
visit. \ .
"Our reception in England has been
most cordial and enthusiastic," said Rear
Admiral Cotton.. "Nothing could exceed
the. courtesy extended to us on all sides,
from the King and Prince of Wales, the
officials of the .Government and officers
of the army and navy, to "the people of
London and Portsmouth. I have no doubt
that the result of the visit of the Ameri
can squadron will prove beneficial in the
extreme and that it will tend to strength
en the cordial relations which have long
existed between the two countries."
Admiral Cotton is highly gratified at
the receipt of a photograph of the Prince
of . - Wales, bearing the inscription,
"George, Portsmouth, July J3, 1903."
PORTSMOUTH, England, July 14.—
With the reception given on Rear Ad
miral Cotton's flagship Kearsarge this af
ternoon the official visit of. the American
squadron to England terminated. The roy
al yacht Victoria and Albert will leave
Portsmouth harbor to-morrow and will
receive the salutes of the warships as she
steams, out. • On Friday, when outside
Spithead, Admiral Cotton will transfer his
flag to the Chicago and proceed with the
San Francisco and Machlaa to Lisbon,
while- the* Kearsarge. will begin her speed
trial across i the Atlantic. ,
American Officers Are Enthusiastic
Over the Beception Given Them.
OFFICIAL VISIT ENDS.
THE REV. ALEXANDER MAZ
ZETTI, HONORED AT SANTA
CLARA COLLEGE.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— It is estimat
ed that 1500 tons of coal will brine the
Kearsarge across at 13^i knots an. hour,
within ten days, provided good weather
shall be encountered. The Kearsarge
made a very remarkable record in the
trip across to Kiel from New York. In
deed for her type and tonnage this rec
ord was the best ever made. The total
distance across, 3345 miles from New
York to The Needles, was run at the high
speed of 16.62 miles an hour. The trip
was made without a stop, the speed run
ning up in the last days of the voyage to
14.51 to 15.05 knots per hour.
In order that the Kearsarge may re
main at Portsmouth throughout the fes
tivities -she will not leave for Frenchmans
Bay until July 17- The North Atlantic
battle fleet left the Azores for the Maine
coast to-day.
The Kearsarge left the jetty to-night
and anchored in midstream, preparatory
to coaling to-morrow.
By the route that Captain Hemphill has
selected for a speed trial the Kearsarge
must steajn 2S52 miles. On . her way to
Southampton she made 3245 miles. She is
thus expected . to take less time on her
coming voyage. Captain Hemphill com
manded the Buffalo, which established
the record of thirty-nine days on the run
from New York to Manila, and the. offi
cers of the Kearsarge are satisfied that
with the excellent coal supplied and the
•vessel's moderately clean bottom the rec
ord for a battleship will be broken.
PORTSMOUTH, England, July 14.—
Captain Hemphill of the United States
battleship Kearsarge received instructions
to-day to clear ' the warship's propellors,
fill her bunkers with, the best coal/ and
go at the highest speed, with natural
draught, to Frenchmans Bay. This i» the
first occasion in time o' peace that an
American | battleship • has been subjected
to such a severe test. It recalls a similar
voyage of the battleship Oregon during
the war with Spain. . . ¦
Divers commenced work this morning
cleaning the propellors and 1500 tons of
coal will be stored to-morrow. Captain
Hemphill will follow the . Great Circle
route, leaving Portsmouth at 9 o'clock
Friday morning.
Captain Hemphill Expects to
Break Record Made by
the Buffalo.
College. He has been fifty years
in the priesthood of the Jesuit or
der, twenty-one of which he has spent in
the Santa Clara Mission. He is now as
sistant to the Rev. A. V. Raggio, the
parish priest. .Father Mazetti was born
in the Isle of Lirl, May 17, 1834, and is
therefore almost seventy years of age.
He studied with the Jesuits at Arplno, the
birthplace of Cicero. On July 2, 1853, he
joined the Jesuit order at Naples. For
some years he was engaged in teaching
and In 1864, in Leon, Spain, he was or
dained to the priesthood. There he re
manled for some years, when he went to
Georgetown, Demarara, as a missionary.
There he spent several years, part of
which time he was pastor of one of the
leading parishes. He then went to Eng
land, where he served as pastor for a
number of years. From there he paid a
visit to the Holy Land. In 1882 he came
to California, coming direct to Santa
Clara College.
At the high mass this morning Father
Mazettl officiated. A banquet was served
in his honor in the college dining-room,
which was elaborately decorated with
white and gold, pillars at the corners of
the table supporting a canopy and fes
toons of twisted white and gold. At the
conclusion of the dinner a programme of
literary exercises was given as follows:
Introduction, C. A. Buckley; "The Rosary
of Religious Years" (Latin poem). Father
J. Malone; *\A Crown Not Earthly"
lish poem), F. Rossettl; "Santa Clara"
(Spanish address), Father Saus; "Santa
Lucia" (vocal solo), J. M. MfnottI; Latin
address, E. T. -McCarty; Greek: poem.
Father A. M. Coltelli; "Susclpe" (vocal
solo), F. Rossetti; "The Triumph of. the
Just" (Italian Poem), W. M. Boland;
closing words. Father J. Sasia.
The celebration was of a highly relig
ious character and was attended only by
members of the priesthood and intimate
friends of the clergyman. Many other
Jesuit priests were in attendance during
the day. It was an enjoyable reunion for
the aged priest and highest honors were
paid him. This evening a solemn bene
diction was given in Saint Claire Church.
The invited guests present were: Fathers
Governo, Sousa M. Riordan, Cooper, Has
sett. O'Malley, Villadamat. Gleeson,
Jacoby, De Rop, Sasla, Cullen, McGinty,
SANTA CLARA, July 14. — The
golden Jubilee of the venerable
Father Alexander. Mazettl was
celebrated to-day at Santa Clara
Battleship Kearsarge to
. Be Subjected to a.
Severe Test.
Anniversary of the Rev. Father Alexander
Mazzetti's Entrance Into the Order Is
Celebrated by Ceremony at the College
SELECTS ROUTE
FOR SPEED TRIAL
FRIENDS PAY A MERITED HONOR
TO NOTED SANTA CLARA JESUIT
Thomas F, Bannan First Admits Truth of
Mershon's Charges, Then Retracts and
Announces Intention to Swear Falsely.
WILLING TO COMMIT PERJURY
TO PROTECT MAYOR SCHMITZ
MAY GET PLACE
IN THE CABINET
Robert Oliver Shaw Is
Spoken of as Root's
Successor.
Assistant Secretary Likely to
Become Head of War
• Department.
WASHINGTON. July W.-It ¦•«» to be
a general understanding amon* official,
of the War Department, who ought to
know, that the name of Robert Shaw
Oliver, who has just been appointed As
sistant Secretary of War. will be favor
ably considered for Secretary of War
when Secretary Root retires from too
Cabinet. It has been known «« »°««
time that on the completion of certain
important matters which Secretary Root
haiin hand he intends to return to New
York to resume the practice of law. Just
when this might happen has been and is
still very indefinite.
Secretary Root will sail for England the
last of August to take his place as chair
man of the American Commission in the
Alaska boundary case. It is understood
that he will continue as Secretary of War
during the time he is absent abroad. In
case toe affairs that have been under his
especial charge and in which he is very
much interested are still unsettled when
he shall have returned to this country it
is expected that he will continue as Sec
retary of War. There are other consid
erations that may prolong his stay as a
member of the Cabinet until after the
next session of Congress shall have ad
journed. He is familiar with everything
pertaining to Philippine affairs, with the
administration In Cuba and with the man
agement of all military matters since tha
Spanish war, all of which subjects may
be considered by the next Congress. This
fact may cause him to continue until then
In his present position.
Bussia I>enie» a Enmor.
ST PETERSBURG. July 14.— The report
that" M. Lesaar, the Russian Minister to
China, has advised the Russian civilians
to leave Newchwang, Port Arthur and
Korea by a certain date Is Bemi-offldally
declared to be entirely unfounded.
Burns. Laherty. M- Madden, Morton,
Flynn. Walshe, Melchers. Miller. McKey.
Collins. Butler, Vollo, Traverso, Malone,
Roaaettl, Mlnottl, Carroll, Buckley and
Captain Ransom.
READY TO SHELL
CIUDAD BOLIVAR
First of Venezuelan
Warships Arrives
Off City.
Rolando Will Be Given Op
portunity to Yield Before
Attack Begins.
EOI*EDAX>. Venezuela, Sunday, July
12._Th« situation before Ciudad Bol
ivar Is unchanged. It waa report
ed last night that the revolution
ista had evacuated the city, but
this turns out to have- been Incorrect.
General Rolando, th© commander of the
revolutionary foroea, la still in possession.
Yesterday afternoon et 8 o'clock a boat
fcearir* United States and Parliamentary
true* flass left Ciudad Bolivar and cross
ed th» Orinoco to La Sollna. President
Castro's authorities received th« emissary,
a priest, who said he came- In the name- of
the foreign Consuls, the Bishops and lead-
In* trades, to ask General Gomer, the
Government commander, to receive him
to-xaorrow, saying- h© had an important
message for him. Learning that General
Gomez was not at Boledad, the priest de
parted, promising to return. A corre
spondent questioned him concerning his
reasons for hoisting the United States
flag, as he was not an American. Tho
priest replied:
"Because the flag of the United States
isTespected everywhere."
The priest refused to reveal the object
cf his mission.
At 11 o'clock last night the man of war
Bolivar, with General Gomez aboard, ar
rived here. As 6he passed before Ciudad
Bolivar she was fired upon, but without
effect. The Bolivar anchored two miles
above, the city and placed herself In con
tact with the besieging: Government
troops. The remainder of the Venezuelan
Ceet. composed of the men of war Za
ir.ora. Restaurador, Miranda and Vlentre
<Se Mayo, are due to-morrow. When they
have errived COO men will be ready to
attack Ciudad Bolivar.
The Government authorities intend to
pive General Rolando a chance to con-
Eider his desperate situation. In order to
prevent the useless shedding of blood. If
he will surrender he will b© given full
guarantees for himself and followers.
Mistakes Deadly Acid for Medicine.
NEW LONDON. Conn.. July 14.—Cap
tain Solomon E. Sparrow, U. S. A- (re
tired), is dead as the result of a dose of
carbolic acid, taken by mistake for medi
cine. H© was retired for disability in Una
of duty in 1900.
THE r?AN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
The ''brother of Lieutenant .Bannan" re
ferred to in this affidavit is" Thomas F.
Bannan, a warrant shaver and* loan
shark,' who makes a large income by ad
vancing small amounts at exorbitant
rates of Interest to employes of the mu
nicipal government. He has a large
clientage among the members of the Fire
Department and uses his very considera
ble influence ' with the present city ad
ministration to further his plan of wax
ing wealthy on the misfortunes of those
Sfho are coiaptllcd Jo eeelt iempor&ry.
BANNAN'S ADMISSIONS.
"On or abont April 18. 1003, Mayor
Srhmld sent for me, which sum
mons I Immediately complied with.
On arriving: at the Mayor's office I
found the brother ¦ of ..Lieutenant
Bannan waiting. In the - ante-room.
Mayor Schmltt took me at once Into
his Inner office and told rp" he de
sired information concefiTraK the
questions to be naked at the exam
ination to be held for captains. I
thereupon care to the Mavor the
•¦cope of the questions sent by Holla
V. Watt to Secretary Moron for the
guidance of the Civil Service Com
mission and then the Mayor called
in the said brother of Lieutenant
Bannan' and told -me to do all I
could for his friend Ilannan. «
"Thereupon the Mayor sent for his
stenographer and told him to strike
off several copies of the scope of
questions I had Just given him
aforesaid and cautioned the said
stenographer not to let any one see
It. When shortly.'tberenfter the said
stenographer- returned- the Mayor
handed one of the copies given him
by the stenographer to-said Bannan
and kept one himself and returned
to me the said original." .
Merchon admits that he was culpable
of betraying the nature of the questions
in so far as to become intoxicated in the
saloon of J. McNamara at 117 City Hall
avenue and leave his overcoat containing
the list of proposed questions there, which
it is claimed were extracted from • his
pocket and communicated to certain
members of the Fire Department who
were candidates for promotion. But he
also alleges that Mayor Schmitz and his
brother Frank deliberately betrayed *to
outsiders this list of questions which he
furnished to them at their request. In
his allegations concerning Mayor Schmitz,
Mershon in his affidavit says:
INVOLVES THE MAYOR.
this week, it will take up the
scandal In the Civil Service Commission,
in which Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz and
his brother, Frank Schmitz, have been
involved through an affidavit made by
the former president of thf nmmisslon,
James R. T. Mershon, the i rations in
which have been confirmed • ¦> affidavits
and statements made by o r parties.
Speaking of the proposed » .vestigation
yesterday. Captain W^ J. Bryan, foreman
of the Grand Jury, said:
"We have about completed our labors
and expect to be discharged within the
next week or ten days, but If the matter
of the Civil Service Commission scandal
is brought to our notice we shall make
an Investigation of it."
District Attorney By ington said:
"We are to. hold a special meeting to
morrow night to examine witnesses in the
Epplnger case, and I believe we can con
clude that matter this week. Immedi
ately following this I shall present to the
Grand Jury the facts In the Civil Ser
vice Commission scandal in so. far as I
am Informed of them, and it will then
rest with that body to determine what
action It will take regarding the affair."
The affidavit made by the former presi
dent of . the commission, Janies R. T.
Mershon, charges Mayor Eugene E.
Schmitz and his brother, Frank Schmitz.
with furnishing to outsids parties infor
mation retarding the nature of the ques
tions that were to be asked candidates
for promotion and admission to the Fire
Department during the 'examination by
the Civil Service Commission.
AS eoon as the Grand Jury shall
have- disposed of the Epplnger
case, the investigation of which
it is thought will be completed
"That is about the Rlxe of it, if
yon force me," he answered. "I
cannot afford to be a, : squealer on
the Mayor."
Mershon stated in an interview that
at no time or place did he ever have a
conversation with Bannan regarding cer
tain captains whose papers were Bald to
be irregular, or that he was ever re
quested by Mayor Schmitz to furnish to
Bannan the names of these alleged Cap
tains. He reiterated his charges. made In
the affidavit regarding his visit to the
Mayor's office and the furnishing of ques
tions for Bannan's use, and said that^his
was the only occasion that he ever met
Bannan in relation to matters pertaining
to the Fire Department. ¦ ¦• • ¦
"Then you are vrlfUnnr to |jo on
the 'witness stand nnd perjure your
self?" he was nuked.
"Yon eniisrlit me anmrnrm the
other day when .yon wprnnsr. that
matter of the Mayor Klvlns: me those
questions and I now wish to nitli
drnw all the admissions I made to
you at that time." .
"But It's too late now to f withdraw
them," he was told. "You made them,
and the only thing for you to do when
you are called upon to testify is to telr
the truth."
. "Well. I can't do It and I won't,"
he answered. "If yon aprlne thin
thlnpr I will swear It Is not so. I
will ro on the stand and testify that
the only conversation I ever had
with the Mayor in which Mershon
was mentioned was after 1 had
asked Mershon for a list of those
who had passed the examination for
captains. I will swear that I loaned
these men money to buy their new
uniforms and that I .was advised
that the examinations were irregu
lar and that the papers of some, of
them were to be thrown ontt that I
asked Mershon for a list of these,
which he refnsed to crlve me, and
that I then -went to the Mayor, 'who
sent for Mershon and requested him
to furnish me -with the list, which
he did."
TRIES TO RETRACT.
Two days later Bannan. sought this
same representative of The Call and eald
to him:
"Thofte ntatementN are true, all
riR-lit. Unt I cannot ' afford to srrt
ml\r«l up In thin thing-. If I ndmlt
tp<l these facts I vronld lose my
Ktandlnp: Tvlth the Mayor, and 'you
know rrhnt that vroulcl mean to me.
I. am Tvllllnflr to abide by any pro
gramme, bat I don't 'want to be
called a nqneali>r. Nobody can ever
say that I squealed."
On June 13 of the present year a rep
resentative of The Call, to whom was
known the contents of Mershon's affidavit,
met Thomas F. Bannan and related to
him that portion of it quoted above re
lating to Bannan's presence in the office
of the Mayor on or about April 18, 1903,
and the -receipt by him from the Mayor
of the list of questions. At that time he
said: r
financial aid from him, which In. the end
spells financial ruin for them.
FOREMAN OF THE GRAND JURY WHICH WILL INVESTIGATE THE
CIVIL SERVICE SCANDAL IN WHICH MAYOR SCHMITZ AND .HIS
BROTHER FRANK ARE INVOLVED.
J. RIordan, John Hayes, James Hayes,
Fleurens, Clynes, Kuppert, Drolhman,
4
| Higblcod Cattle |
i BY WILLIAM WATSON |
i y ¦¦¦ - ¦•'¦-¦-. ' % 5
i Art Supplement !
| WITH NEXT I
| SUNDAY'S CALL ]
! lulv IQth '03 3
I* »».*«... « ' »§
i RBB^^^B Hb^LE^" ?¦¦ "^ksw '''jt ¦ ' iJfv^l&'^j&A- ¦*'"*'^^ 11 ' ¦¦" 1^^^^^^^*?!^^*^*^^*?^^^*^*^^*^^ ¦^T*^r s^*wK*^^*S*^MKi^i»»Sri^FTW ¦ *^*v
I -'"-'"-*- ' '----_ -. ' " H
I"™ ""HIGHLAND CATTLE'' — ™- — — tg
I THE SUNDAY CALL I
I Is on Sale or) fill Trains |
| and at, All News Agencies 1
| PRICE FIVE CENTS-ORDER NOW I
. , loss of .: their girlish fonns
ra /gsk £$9 . _ after marriage. The bearing
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend bef ore. baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and.
preserves the aymmetry of her form; Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of. the benefit and relief derived from tho
use of this wonderful /^
remedy. Sold by all BUMS ' — ¦ i.tl jj* _*m_
druggists at $z.oo per BMS g^¥ff^S tf* ff* £*
bottle. Our little BWB Vftf B%& B *k&
book, telling all about " ,^« m -¦'¦'" W
this liniment, will be . sent . free, jff^nwm SjSTTk Ji *¦> M^S
.Tin Bndfield tesjlator C«m AtltfiU. Gl B B b&BBWB
ADVEBTXSEMZNTS.
-.— ¦ -.— — — ~-.-— -^ ,—..¦—— — . - -— -.— ~~~~»..»»»o.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦*¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ONE BOTTLE CURES. 3
eMcBurney's §
KIDNEY [
and I
| BLADDER CURE |
™ Certain and thorough cure for pains in -.
CS the email of th» back. Irritation of the ¦
¦ bladder. Bright'* disease, female trou- ¦
rj blM. Incontinence of urine, brick duet E
~* deposit, bed xietttne of children. gTavel. k
~ fall stones, thick, turbid frothy urine, JZ
B Cropey. dl&betea and rheumatism. ¦*
¦ Bend 23c for five days' treatment ar.3 D
rt f*t relief in 20 minutes. O
m Kidney end Bladder Cure JIM m
¦ Uver and Blood Purifier $1 23 S
D FOlt SALE BY *?-?• DBUGGISTS ¦
B EXIf your drupgirt does not keep 5
¦ McBurnejr'* Kidney and Bladder Cure. H
n will pend to any addreea (express pre- Q
m paid) on receipt of price. jg
¦ "W. T. KcBXrSBmr, Sole Mfr., ¦
¦ K38 S. Spring* St, Z>os Angeles, CaL £
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BB
@ VIM. VIGOR. VII ALITY lorMVi.
MORMON B1SHOKS PILLS
have been In um over flftr
yearm by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their
fcllowera. Positively cur* th*
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excease* or
cigarette smolcfnr- Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Pom-ex. Jv'lrht Loesea, Innom- ;
Bla. Fains la Bark, Evil Desire*. Lam* Back.
VtrraaM Debility. Headache. Unfltses* to Mar-
ry Lota of Bemen, - g» g^\ Varicocele or Con-
Btlra-tion. Stop Ner fJ rou* Twitching oX
Eyelid*. Effect* ax* !T1 Immediate. Im-
t«rt vigor and pote CtnT»ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
Hester* small, undeveloped organ*. Stimulate
tbe brain and fterve center*: 6Oo a box; 6 for
C2 to by mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
znoncr refunded with 8 boxe*. Circular* fre*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Can Francisco. Cai. GRANT DRUG CO.. 88
aod 40 Third st. *
Kb fpHOf 1 \sL. **• e/ Jt*tS
H »1* wQ §3 eb 8L^«a
I D ¦ fel fdbl Ra Br3 a ¦ ft_lH
n sj* ¦ loi » rCl Cd kftVYI ¥9 S tST«9
.CUTLlRiT
BMSLMEmmmm
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
9 Q) i8!i«usn7S7.btt.e:if7tk,s.r.&a.i
\ C3T TaeLtr^eniLutOBialMBseiaa Utke \
Q J, World. »Mltti« or ut cenuacttrd A
' kS5 £i» dtt*»»e p*«iil«r'l7<-Hr«4b]r thf olden T
© J -tj bpcoxhu oa tbe Cout. t»L j» yun. Q
6 LW* DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ fff 15^ CoemltttJea free and »trictlT priT»t». \
0 I ltH Tf»«n»ent prrsocalijr cr by lotcr. A Q
T I y Vj ttntnt Curt in c»crjr c»«eun<Jrrukrn. T
ira 111 Write far Book. rKILOSOPMTarl
™ a I s laMUCB, WAILED FKES. (AY
A *» U- **iBtW* hook (or mro) \
V BU. JUUDA\ACO., 1051 Market 8L. 8. P. 9
JP>% Those snfferine from weak-
W& nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ ¦ ¦ of life should Uke Jurea Pills.
m Oce bottle will tell a story of
msrrelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating. TitsJiring force than has ever
b*en offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adr. and S.L
Made by it* originators C. L Hood Co.. pro>
pritK'tB BfiOd'S -SfcTSfipvlll&j LiQYltUt ilftS'Call for our up-to-date traveling bags
or suit cases.. Do you need a new -trunk?
Carload prices to.the user. Leather goods
department, Sanbor«« Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket *tre r * .. ' _• -' .. ••:
Trunks for Suinnier . Outings.
, VALLEJO. July 14.— This afternoon Mrs.
B. H. McCalla, using the sliver trowel
with which President Roosevelt laid the
cornerstone, broke ground for the ) Sea
men's Clubhouse for Sailors and Marines.
Captain McCalla, members of the building
committee and ; interested-, citizens were
present. The erection of the clubhouse is
to be prosecuted vigorously. It Is to cost
}45,0QQ. . . • .
Mrs. McCalla Breaks Ground.
SANTA CLARA, July 14.-Work was be
gun yesterday on the new dormitories at
Santa Clara College. Accommodation will
be provided for seventy-five additional
students. During the past three years the
attendance has been steadily, increasing,
and the present extensions were made
necessary to accommodate new scholars
during the coming year. The new build
ings are located south of the scientific
building, west of the quadrangle, and will
be 75 by 40 feet. Two classrooms and new
quarters for the Infirmary will be..pro
vided in these buildings.
Quarters for More Pupils.
The Merced-Santa Fe route has placed
on sale a special coupon ticket which In
cludes rail and stage fare, hotel bills en
route and accommodations in the valley
at Camp Curry for the complete trip of
five, seven or ten days; as follows: Five
day trip, 527 50; 6even-day. $41 60; ten-day,
$43 50. Later the G. A. R. encampment
rush will be on, so we would advise that
you make Immediate arrangements to go
during July, as we can now positively
guarantee comfortable accommodations.
The service Is Santa Fe, therefore it's
right. Full, information and reservations
at 641 Market street. Santa Fe office. • •
A Very Low Rate Established by th«
Santa Fe. V %
YOSEMITE /VALLEY.
The Moat House murder, as It was
known, was. committed more than four
years ago and hope of solving the mys
tery had almost been given up when the
body of the victim. Miss Holland; was
found last April buried in . the Moat
House grounds.
Miss, Holland was the owner of Moat
House. About four years, ago Dougal,
who was supposed to be her husband, but
who. It was discovered subsequently, had
never been married to her,' made his ap
pearance there, and Miss Dougal, sup
posed to be. his sister, took up her resi
dence on the place. Mies Holland disap
peared suddenly and Dougal sued the
woman supposed to be his sister,- but who
really was his wife, for^dlvorce. This
aroused suspicion and, led to an Investi
gation. Dougal was arrested for cashing
a check purporting to have been signed
by Miss Holland and while he was in
custody the body' of v Mlss Holland, for
which a thorough but unsuccessful search
had been made, was' accidentally s found
by a ¦ laborer. In' an old ditch which had
been planted over by a shrub nearly four
years previously." The laborer struck his
fork Into a hard substance, which. proved
to be a shoe containing a woman's foot.
.Then Miss Holland's body was; found ly
ing face downward. : ; An , examination
showed that the • head had been pierced
By a 'bullet, which was found In the skull.
Dougal was. suspected of having made
away with at least five wives. ...
LONDON, I July 14.-Samuel Herbert
Dougal, the perpetrator of the Moat
House murder, who was convicted at the
Chelmeford Assizes June 23 of the kill
ing of Miss Camille Cecile Holland at
Saffron-Walden, Essex, and sentenced to
death, was hanged at the Chelmsford jail
at 8 o'clock this morning, after making a
full confession of his crime.
SAN QUENTIN. July 14.-Wlth an in
ane grin and a display of composure that
savored palpably of mental vacuity
physical helplessness. Frederick S C.
Fischer died on the gallows at the prison
to-day. Fischer stepped briskly up the
stairway to the platform from which he
was to drop ,to/death. and gazed about
him with a' seeming sense of Interest In
the presence of the 200 persons who had
assembled to see him die. He did not
speak, because the Warden had advised
him not to do so. but he indicated clearly
his willingness to pay the law's penalty
for the atrocious murder of his unoffend
ing wife at Riverside a few months ago.
The condemned man was visited the
nfght before the execution by George
Montgomery Bulla of the ' Salvation
Army and the Rev. A. W. Detinett. To
them he said he had killed his wife be
cause he believed she would enjoy greater
happiness beyond the grave and that he
rejoiced In the prospect of joining her In
a short time.*
-¦ Sheriff ¦' Coburn of. Riverside, the officer
who saved Fischer from a mob,, called on
the prisoner early this morning and ob
tained from him a confession of crime.
Fischer told Coburn that he had served
terms in the Sing Sing and Joliet peniten
tiaries for robbery and that he; was a
criminal • at heart. He spoke without .re
aerveof his earlier crimes and made no
effort to conceal from his visitor the tact
that' he deliberately murdered his wife
and attempted to burn her body.
Fischer stood on the gallows trap at
10:36 o'clock. He was accompanied by
Warden Agulrre and a couple of deputies.
The officers of the prison lost no time in
adjusting the straps,, and almost before
the spectators were . aware the black cap
had been drawn, over the head of the
doomed; murderer, the; knot had been
made tight around his neck, the Warden's
hand! was In the air and young Fischer's
life was ended. - He was on the trap
twenty-nine seconds.~^£ra(£JBK
'lit' was nearly ;flf teen, minutes after, the
fall' of the body when Dr. Casey of the
.prison and Dr. Jones * of San Rafael pro
nounced the murderer dead. The body
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Perpetrator of the Moat
House Murder Dies
on the Scaffold.
Criminal From Riverside
Smiles at Crowd of
Spectators.
MURDERER GRINS
ON THE GALLOWS
COZAD. Neb.. July 14.— A tornado passed
eight miles north of here this afternoon,
killing one person and Injuring three oth
ers. The dead:
SAMUEL HENRY, a farm employe.
The injured— Two-children of Mr. and
Mrs. Griffith; Miss Anderso.n, a nurse.
The dead and Injured were In the resi
dence of Griffith, which was destroyed.
The storm passed from northwest to
southeast for a distance of. ten miles,
devastating a strip of country three miles
wide, wrecking many houses and barns
and destroying crops.
Many Dwellings Are Destroyed — One
Person Is Killed and Three
.; - Injured. «
TORNADO DEVASTATES
SECTION OF NEBRASKA
LONDON, July 14. — Th« Great Wwtern
Railway Company claims to have made a
world'n record for Us train to-dajr. The train
ran from London to Plymouth, a distance o*
240 miles. In 233*4 minutes.
BOISE, Idaho, July 14.— James, H. Haw
ley, Democrat and Union Labor candi
date, , was to-day elected Mayor of Boise,
defeating James A. Plnney, Republican,
by a majority of 121 votes out of 30S1 cast.
The question of gambling in Boise en
tered largely Into the campaign. Hawley
announced that gambling would not be
reopened in the city if he were elected.
Fusion* Candidate Is Elected.
was then removed to the morgue and
probably will be interred by relatives.
Fischer left a number of letters, all
written In a religious vein. He mentions
in one that he possessed 65 cents when he
entered the prison and desired that It be
used for the purchase of tracts suitable to
the spiritual welfare of condemned men.
Among the visitors at the prison at the
time of the execution were Sheriff John
Kelly of Kern County and City Marshal
Bert Tibbet of Bakersfield, the fearless
young officer who shot the life out of Out
law Jim McKinney a few months ago.
Tlbbet's. brother was killed by McKinney
a few moments before the desperado
dropped dead with a load of buckshot in
his head.
Will Go Extensively Into the Busi
ness of Raising Blooded Cattle
for Home Market.
CAPITALISTS PURCHASE
STOCK FARM IN HAWAII
HONOLULU, July 14.— The cattle indu
try of Hawaii Is about to receive great
Impetus. A company which Includes
among its members Samuel Parker and
other capitalists has been formed to go
extensively Into the raising of blooded
cattle. The company has launched Its
scheme by the spending- of $112,000 In the
purchase of 93,000 acres of land suitable
for its purpose. It is expected that with
in a tevr years Hawaiians will in a great
measure be independent of the stock
raisers and butchers of the Pacific Coast,
on whom they now largely depend' for
supplies of fresh meat.
Insurance Against Strike Losses.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. July 14.— The Strike
Insurance company, growings out of tha
discussions at the recent meeting of tha
Manufacturers' Association in. New Or
leans, is now a fact, having been put on
a permanent footing by the establishment
of an underwriting bureau here. "W. C.
Nones of this city has been appointed at
torney and general manager. . .
HIS LIFE PAYS
FOR HIS CRIME
HONOLULU, July 14.-The wonderful
possibilities of the sisal plant, which ex
periment has proved to be so well adapt
ed to the soil and climatic conditions of
Hawaii, has attracted the attention of
capitalists, and a corporation, capitalized
at $230,000, has been organized to promote
the sisal industry. An immense tract of
land. Including some 13.000 acres of suit
able soil, has been secured, and the work
of raising the wonderful fiber plant will
be commenced immediately. The latest
methods will be employed In cultivating
the plant and in handling and preparing
the liber for the market. It is confidently
believed that with the scientific cultiva
tion of sisal a new and profitable Industry
will be inaugurated In the Hawaiian Isl
ands.
Capitalists Will Engage in the "Work
of Raising the Plant in
• Hawaii.
ganization in the loft of a dry goods store
in London. He was knighted for this- act
by Queen Victoria, but from all parts of
the earth come constantly praises from
the thousands of branches into which the
parent stem has divided itself.
ORGANIZE TO PROMOTE
THE SISAL INDUSTRY
FOUNDER OF THE Y. M. C. A.,
PRESENT AND FIRST HOME
OF THE LOCAL BRANCH.
posite Portsmouth square— a place now
given over to the dens of the Chinese.
Then will be recalled the dark days of
the war. when the struggling band could
hardly keep its head above water. How
George W. Gibbs. Judge E. D. Sawyer
and other influential men rallied to the
support of the weakling organization and
finally put it on the wave of prosperity
which culminated in the burning by Pres
ident Roosevelt of the mortgage on the
new building, will hold a strong place in
the reminiscences of the Jubilee speeches.
Finally to Sir George "Williams, the
man who conceived the scheme of this
great Christian army of education, will
all honor be rendered. It was this man,
who, as far back as June 26. 1SJ4, first
launched the Young Men's Christian Or-
FIFTY years of mingled adversity
and prosperity, flft>' years devot
ed to the doing of God's ¦work
among the youths of the city,
fifty years of mighty effort, re-
Bulting in the production of fruits of value
incomputable— all this It is which will
make Saturday, July 18, a signiflcant day
wJth the San Francisco branch of the
Young Men's Christian Association. On
that day. fifty years ago, William K. Os
boroe, a young attorney, who was one
of the argonauts, gathered a little band
<jf devoted men about him and set in mo
tion the wheels which have been produc
tive of such remarkable result*.
The little band which bo faithfully un
dertook the work of making better men
for California back In that early day has
swelled into a number greater than 2099.
The pittance which was In the strong box
<jf the pioneers has reached a mark high
? r than that of any other social club in
the State. It is to give fitting welcome
and celebration to the natal day which
marked the inception of all of this that
the members of the association have pre
pared a programme extending over lour
<a>s' time, which will have Its begin
n.rig to-morrow. . .
On Thursday a meeting of the repre
fpntative women of the city who have
l>oen interested in the growth of the or
ganization will be presided over by Mrs.
John F. Merrill, one of the benefactors
of the association. A monster reception
[by the members of the club will occupy
the evening. A mass meeting of
the bovs of the association is scheduled
for Friday afternoon, to be followed by
a grand union praise service of all the
churches in the city in the evening. On
Saturday the golflen Jubilee banquet o:
all the members. President Roila V.
Watt presiding, will be held at the CaJi
fornia Hotel. On Sunday a mass meet
ing will be held in the auditorium of the
association building to discuss the work
which lies before the coming members of
the next half century. ,.
In all of the jubilee exercises the names
of the first members of the San Francisco
organization and the first early struggles
cf the pioneer band of determined men
will be uppermost in the minds of the
present members who live In the heyday
of the aesoclation's existence. The story
will be told of the first meeting place
over the old postofflce on Clay street, op-
Young Men's Christian Association Prepared to Celebrate
the Golden Jubilee of Its Founding With an Elaborate
Programme of Praise and Tribute to Pioneer Members
FIFTY YEARS OF STERLING EFFORT
TO RECEIVE FITTING RECOGNITION
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
i »• mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ,. g I i m n i , ¦ J<
I Misses 9 and Juiy ClGSn^U/9 RemSsBrats \
J j£ gjy^** The prices quoted are for the time this sale continues ThMPSttSBV S
£ SChOOl Ut*eSSeS if quantities last. Savings on ynerchandise in July ** $
5 s*i a c / r j -a j To-morrow will be a general rcm- "W
\ July Clean-up Clean-up Sale front 25 to 5 o per cent. nant day il? .„ dcpaxtmcms , eIIing |
5 Our entire line of Mis.cs' and Chil- *— *»^™#r.— — «- A9<~. _A-». -^~»— yard goods. Extra special cuts wiil *
J drcti's Wash Dresses in white lawns &.2CtB*aOB*til8ffl&i*3J PBOGifWe&t* be made from the already reduced %
$ and pqucs; toiored ginghams, ierg«, f)ltfk»/P>/feffff6 remnant prices. The offerings will *
J ducks and zephyrs; so'id- colors and ¦ t#ff#Crfir BBImg& consist of short lengths of many styles J
H fancy mixtures; in sizes for 6 to 14 Our New York buyer fc« juit t;nt u» a large lot of beantifnl Taffeta SDk Owcollars, of silks, dress goods, wash dress goods, «*j
if years Cnot all sizes in every style bu: h:in <l» oinel y embroideied in cherries, in exquisite col;rin|», «ome 0/ the prettiest 5C.C Neckwear white goods, table linens, small lots s
i ft 11 • • r l 1 v * ihown thi» ye»r, added to the Tu'y Cean-up Sale to intensify the .interest therein, *&*^^m. ..„.,' namUn. flmn«T« jt
ft all siz:s in some of the styles); now fach ' ' J 3 r ' towe.s, naplcins, nanncls. riSbons, #
K cut to prices like the<e : ' ' ' • •• • • veiling, laces, embroideries, drapery .«
% $i.z 5 .nd 51.50 Dr t ««; 980 A good American nickel plated Watch, full size, open goods> etc< •{
I t.-!§Ms^^£^M9 face 0 f Preferred a Brownie Camera instead of watch), 5
* 5*.9*. - c 3- 2 5. *3-s°i*?-9* v*™*>, S2*18 an excellent timekeeper, given free with every school suit d##l»o ZSiM&a /*
« 4 5 7"n^:r 5 Sr:r.";?i:5O until further notice. Every boy wants a watch, and OreSS Goods *
g • ii. S o and 512.50 Dr e!S es, j 6.95 almost every- boy needs a new suit for school . • . .5
!*— — T" — b *»„ ">-^ arout this time. This week we give a suit and July Clean-up 5
% SGhOOl Shoes %^ eithera watch or a camera for the priceof the suit *
¦ *• M-ssrs' and Children's Box Call Ab^7V ) ,^771*^ '& jfV> y * rd 2O ° *5
g Lr.ce Shors, spring heels, new modern /V^"//\ fflfflKfo Qr^\ V ' ( °-° ""* U25 ? Uin *" d P J? n f y *""• *
fc j • • 1 / /ir // I \ : villa ff &W r * "I Ia * Ult assortment or evening shade.', now ~
ii ;oei and tips, extenion soles: ti 111 I JU? J \ W^ \ '-) 49c H
v Si«s 8>it.ii. . . .$1.25 Mf^/^AfA A&m\ f*^V S%¥$^ $1-00 Crepe de Chine- 24 inchc w!ds, good 2
Jf Sizrsn^to 2 . . .$1.50 I 'W JR\ '^JmjUy^ /C W 7V/*^V Ene of evening coloring, now.. . . 78O S
r ; Mi :ri' and Children's Vici Kid Lice Sho«, f / ' | -igl^^^S&S /A /v**! 1 l ' 35 Yird-Wide Bbck T.ffeU-Swiss makr, J
K spring h es, mw moaern toes, patent leather WM/ CD^^ X^S^^T^^Sc^V I X ° H*i lA wJl gire good wear, now Q8O «
* tips, either extrnson or Iightwe : ght soles: 7 \ \ j»vi5^* -\ 1 1 J?5StO^V I 2v* r V ZJiX «a- m .1. a. w v v n- j Vr
fc I \ J J&Xf><\ \ll X ~^yvliA i -r o o L K(T\ 50c Black A pact — w.th white metallic dots,
ti Sha SXtm.. . .$1.23 \ V-r*W J//ffiik~rr^ I^C\CV 1<^«J/ \ witible for shirt waists, now . . . . 29O X
j Su»u)ito t.. $t.BO ¦ U. / I if/tL ' A-*FrCC^K& °° h$/ % J 50e Black Cheviot-All wool, good wearing 5
. Littl, G:nt.' Box Calf or Vci Kid Lace \ / / #/^\ 4^/» * V>^ % V^U (j *-> fabric; now, yard ........ 3Bo \
X Sbo^witJ 1 hoo^K.rn=h 1 v e! pringhee«.nd \ | 1/ /f. M^aXCjl A I A J 75c Printed Challics and Albatross-Fair a,- >*
jfc aomswuh , flat heelf, all the ne**t and mo^t \ i | IElXJ T TTu 7 »3lB» \ K^T wrtment of colors; now, yard. ... 33 O *
ft comfortable thapci of tors: \ ' ' =1 lEt—— 3 with any — - m'jjl }| \ PI I _. _ ,. . u . , ' '\ . . , «2
'tf <;«. «f«m/ ct7 nn \ HlllTL* ** + + hi lit \ — I 1 / 75e English Moluir— In .colon, with metal %
J' Bovs 1 and Youthi' Box Calf or Vici Kid \l ViV^ «JL • V^V? I J If I J * g ° .J
J» Lice Shoe, the very latest «iyle, with exten- \ I SiLll.X J li-lV-l '**
$ -^£^w0M*3^ ill H oPS Wash Goods %
J si«s a;l to sH • • $2'*oo &H~l ' fy 'Q July Clean-up *
$ QZfhmfzff MSX#C£ Boys' Norfolk «nd Double Brei'sted perfect fitting, sizes for" 10 to 19 yean 32-tach Madm— A lot of 50 pieces, jj
J &CnUU B n&BS SuitsiExc C Ue n t.y made of all-wool fabrics, . $4.95 b nCa « COrded WMTC » and o P cn " &
» R/.vi # Straw Hats — Smooth and mi.»h every «ut nicely trimmed and perfect fitting, . , _, _ __ _ wwk »»»pe», «H In this summer'f newest
* bJdToad "« 0" 1 45^^ S o Tve. .i«7for8to, 5 y«r... . A . $3.45 <*"£, GIOBn.Up Of Mon>S coloring,, made to .11 a, z S c the -^ J
Jf «o c Clothing Continues* j**** J^y «i«n-up pnee . . . m*m\mi*w .1
Jf Boys' 25c Golf' Crps-In plain 'and mixed Boy/ 3-piece Su!U-StrctIy aU wool | I2 . OO , nd Ie . oo B us-n e « Sait— 30c Mercerized Mfldm 14c — High %
§ effect now . . ... *&%7O m " en j al »». han^ mc nev ; f«U ¦ sty.a, perfecty Worsted,, tweeds and caisimms, strictly »D- cllSS novelty fabric, in WOTCn 5
» cuct.r, ¦» as*, tailored, sizes for 8 to 1 6 years. . . $4.95 wool now *'O ) Kt% j j . , &
5 Boys' Soft Hats-In ths Fedo-a and Cru»h:r . ¦ *"" w wool, now &9.5O stripw, erery pattern new and pretty; July
tf styles; brown*, pearls and «teel, instead of $ i. 35, Boys' Long Pants Suits — New fall patterns $1 7. 50 and $20.00 Suits— Thirty broken c!ean-np price, per yard. . . . "f jfl f*
S July cl*an-up price. . 900 in . guaranteed all-wool materials; stylishly cur, lines in a wide range of fabrics, now $11. SO y .?* -' ¦¦£¦-' 'j>'i.'-:'T '¦ '¦¦ V-* ' * 5
K \ ¦ I .«
I July Glean-up Sale Waists July Glean-up Sale Beds |
llf /^ 7 *\ rf^fr^N ' -Jf&k Mok than half a thousand waists, This handsome full brass ' "*
5 J$$L>y* th c remainder of many choice trimmed Metal Bed, heavy %
ft (UftME*/,/ t^^W' Bni t? ¦ lines, most of them fresh »ni , , . , ... ;, /f II H I |\\ "3
K >f W'^ T «H i] new as th: day they were and subltantial pillars, all // I I | , iff)) s^Z&iffRfe^ 5
Jf f^i landed in cur stoie, have been the spindles in oval por- VWrtrrupwtJ rffeVv^/ //% ¦ i\\ •*
*. —/Ot^S^ /^?tvv repriced for th:s week's sel% tion brass, lacquered and l«§r /SSa l\|a // J I \\ '•
S : Wb^Mwm^mMW^ inE -- No h SUCh h birgain \ in burnished, for which our W& ; ;/M A ((11111?^ 5
6 -*^4h " I' I «•• » '*]•" ' ' I- - M -»«/» i- L . c-.i ••• .price is $30.00; cut for the f \^^-i^y^^Z^ ' & Sfciri^ J¥tl^lT ' 5
¦ft X \ >^)U e*v«r/ ' . plain and fancy Silk Watt ; ?4O-OO beds, now. .. $3t*35 fe IlKI/'J'/i^fe^^VcJi # 'V ? T !&U -«
ti frr ' !¦ \ W / A Vr^f el-gan: peau de soits an! taff- 132.50 beds, now . . $24,50 III jRlf^fe '-'-^L J 1 tf»^^a **
If ' W I t \J V I \ \ " I eras in evening shades and plain $28,50 bidj, now. . . $21*65 &&£¦ VV,* ' ' { K y^Sfti JC 3?^^H*v^ ' "2
J^ I ->\\ J\: ' A 1 A / whites, for which you have 1*2.50 beds, now. j-. .$16.75 *
1 ?• \ M\S\ i 7^ s I been m the hablt ct P a J' n g J 20. 00 beds, now . . $13. SO ,1
%' f-7|v^.S*^>^ fS'^^A \ JS-oo, J6. 50 and 57.50 each; J 1 7- 50 beds, now. .. $12.65 'J
Jf » •. ' ' all now marked . . $2*98 r tij ex % «. 7 r\ 1 <• »• '» "%
% Other Charming Styles Silk Waisb-Th.t $F.25 White Lawn Waists 89c- A limited as- Solid Oak Tabovrcttcs— Only forty of a very pretty $ 1.50 itylc Of?#% *
jf have been m*ikcd irbm } 10.00 to $18.00. sortment of styles, bu: all with the very full now left, and we have marked them to close &%JM* J
tl now at exact'.y half pries ... $5 to S9 French sleeves and neatly trmmtd wi h in- mmmmmm^ mm _^ m^ mmm^^ <>ii|i|mbii—^^^ __ mmm^ mm 2
95c Wish Wa'sts 59c — 50 dozen da ! nty Wash sertions, etc.; all now marked . . . QQc %
I pppg^SS Groceries and Liquors |
lmM&M*Wj&%^^$ggg&]£M, ¦ Wednesday and Thursday 3
% these prettily figured or ttrped Waih Waists, ° gg o Italian Olive Oil -Imported, bat quality, Sapolfo -Enoch Morgan, 4 cakes . . 25O %
J in b'ack and wh.te and blue and white ef- " * ' * ' , . ¦ , ; - «., trt rt ¦ half-gallon tin QQ O Junket or Jell-O— Summer desserts, 7 pack- j«
ft fect% every, one fresh and unsoiled; now $1.35 to $1-75 Lawn Waists now $».t9— Our Stryker's Sand Soap - 1 5 ban. . . . SOO age* ." BOO °*
* imtkfd fir the Ju'y clean-up . . . 6FC erti-e r.strve stock of heautilul Whits Lawn Wtp | e Syrup— Log cabin, half-gallon tns Best lapaii Rics— 4 W. .*.*.*.*.*.* 25O '5
g. White Oxford Waists 78c— In the very newest Waists, that wer; sold ordinarily at th: -. # # - 62o New Ripe Oarei— Bottle 25O '*
j~ and mort effective styles, freth ani clean abore prices, repriced for the Jjly cl an-ui Crtamrry Butter - Firkin, regu'arly 30c U>. California Chntney— Bottle .* .' * .* . 200 5
* and full value at $1. co; here for . . 78O »le : •'.-.. .$1.19 For the two days 26 % Ao Prunes— Extra Santa Claw, 5 lbs. . . 25O %
» $1.95 to $2.25 Lawn Waisti now $1.58— Sp'endil values at I -^ The Qneen OHves— Best imported; bottle .... 3Qo •*
h the original prices, the b:s£ waist bargains in the c:ty; now •/? A f/* •- o American Cub Whhky— For the 2 days; gallon $1*95 "^
S , t 6 . $1.58 y^^fc jf7^ f JL McConneH's Old Irish Whbky— Bottle SSo J
tf ................ \fZrf £ &/f}£ / M a f f^/^Y M M f f*ff Fruit Syrups— Lemon, Raspberry, Strawberry or Grena- °%
V F.ne La«n WaststhJtuerei2. 7 5, Svc^t '3--S anl *3-5°» ff £ fc^LSs i MMt/W Is$S&mI& dine; larg; s ; ze botrhs . . . .' 4Qc X
g abcu:i 5 oinall, the remainder tf four htndsome ttykt , are CAUFORNIA . S LABCEST . / -Z-3k=- pose's Imported Lime Julce-Botte 40c 2
J brcught forward row for this week's felling at. $2^7 ffffBf * Cutter's Al Whisky- Eottle 76o %
J The July Clean-up Sales of Women's -*10gIB*— — ai-er.ca-s grandest store TipoChianU (Swb. Colony)- Half pint,, in fancy wicker :«
g Fine Suits at $4.95, 59.95, $12.45 and Special Sale Goods ordered by viail Ola^Keher \ihisky-Sprin3 : 94 ; band-nudei matured S \
tv $17.45 still continue. or telephotie will not be sent C. O. D. wocd; gallon $3.OO '&
at -..''... •*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Credit Is Good.
¦ ' ' - -i— -^^^^— — — — r** * . -. ., ' x ' \L* *
TWqw s^y* M L p V e: Chiffonier Blrd8eye
UlcSScr woo d selected for XrfllOlVllWl MajJe . c^.
£ "SEE SfiSTiKSS: h * ™ k «* — •*• •' «"• »-•
oval bevel French plate mirror; Same design as dresser. Excep*
S.'S'SE-Vjt 75 «—***. • 13.75
bed. PRICE....- H**^ # *ri PWCE ty I <?•€**
You wffl find the eight great floors of the new buDding teeming
with bargains. New goods -hundreds of pieces. We can supply any
want at purse-pleasing prices.
Cordes Furniture Go.
245-259 Geary Street - On the Square
" ¦¦:¦•*- '-} : ;U ADVERTISEMENTS.
660
CALLER -Dear old Jack. I Just read In the paper about your being sun-
struck, and rushed riant over. I'm awfully ©lad you're as well as you are.
You're lucky. Now. old man. I don't want ta work tfce old "I told you so" caa
on you, but th© way to prevent sunstroke la to keep the bowels clean and cool,
and the blood frombeing over-heated, by taking a CASC ARET Candy Cathartic at
bed-time. They work while you deep, and keep you sale and comfortable all day.A husband in this city is trying to prove in the
courts that the affections of an unfaithful wife are
worth $25,000 to him, It is strange how some things
attain a value only after they have become worthless.
A German speculator was sentenced a few days
ago to serve six years' imprisonment for overissuing
stock in a corporation. If the poor fellow had only
known the customs of the United States he would
have, honored us with his , manipulations and there
by lived in honored security and dishonest pros
perity; ", i . . - mm
FOLLOWING the reports of the secret confer
ence of high Russian officials at Port Arthur
comes the announcement that the Russian Gov
ernment has informed China that she is compelled to
exclude foreigners from Manchuria and to postpone
the opening of the Manchurian ports for six years.
By way of explaining why she is "compelled" to
take that course Russia asserts that there are in Man
churia a number of Americans and British "who in
disguise are engaged in espionage." *
The reason is hardly valid. If Russia were ful
filling her obligations in Manchuria neither Ameri
cans nor British would have to go about the coun
try in disguise, and if they did their espionage
would discover nothing of which the Russian Gov
ernment need be ashamed. The reason assigned for
the action, however, amounts to nothing. Sterne
once said that when a minister had made up his
mind what to preach about, ''Egypt, ¦ Mesopotamia
and Cappadocia" was as good a text as any. By
parity of reasoning when a strong Government has
made up its mind what to do toward a weak one,
then one excuse for action is as good as another.
Russia intends to keep Manchuria. She has un
dertaken and virtually achieved the conquest by ob
taining concessions for a railway and for a bank. It
is asserted that through the railway and the bank
together she has brought about the investment of
upward of $250,000,000 of Russian money, in the
province. The statement is undoubtedly an exag
geration, for the railway has been cheaply built and
the bank has not promoted any very costly entcr-
AN OLD STORY.
¦ LOS ANGELES, July 14.— Rev. Father
Joaquin Bot, for forty years pastor of
San Gabriel Mission, died at an early
hour this morning at the Sisters' Hospital
in this city. Father Bot assumed charge
of the historic old mission April 27, 1868,
and with the exception of the years 1870
to 1872, spent at Santa Barbara, had
served continuously at San Gabriel. The
deceased priest was 68 years of age and a
native of Barcelona, Spain.
Death of Prominent Priest.
There has just been unveiled at Budapest a life
size equestrian statute of George Washington, and
now if the Kaiser wishes to keep ahead of the Eu
ropean processjon in doing honor to America he
will have to do something better than sending us
a statue of Frederick the Great.
NEW YORK, July 14.— The following Call
fornlana are In New York:
From San Frakiclsco— H. Selllnglejcent. at the
Imperial: Miis J. Ford, at the Grand; A. Han
ford, at the Everett: C. C. Lacey. C. L. Hedges,
at the Grand Union; W. V. Huntlngton. at the
Earllng: Mrs. L.. H. Lewla. at the Wellington;
R. D. Tweedle. at the Broadway Central, and
E. Peck, at the Metropolitan.
From Los Angeles— C. Rodman, at the Aitor;
S. Coleman. at the Imperial; A. Frankenstein,
at the Herald Square: U Oregon', at the Grand
Union; Mn. McCormlck and Mlsa K. McCor
mlck, at the St. Denia.
From San Jose — A. P. Murgotter, at the
Broadway Central.
From Santa Rosa— R. C. Moody and wife, at
the Grand Union. ,
Californians in New York.
With a camera creates a life-long remem
brance. The photo supply department of
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street, has
everything in the photographic line. •
A Snap
Townsend's California glace frulU and
candles, We a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041 •
Look out for, 81 Fourth (front of barber,
grocer); best eyeglasses, specs, 20c to 50c.*
HONOLULU. July H.— The Department
of Commerce at Washington is preparing
to take charge of the Chinese Bureau
work here, and preliminary to a transfer
of the Chinese records from the Treasury
Department to the Department of Com
merce the authorities have sent 30.000 Chi
nese registration certificates here to be
used in connection "with the work of the
new department.
Transferring Chinese Records.
KANSAS is reported to have a wheat crop
whereof neither history nor romance fur
nishes a parallel. Some authorities say there
are 6,000,000 acres of golden grain ripening beneath
her skies. Other stories make no report of acreage,
but assert that the Kansas breezes are blowing over
fields that have $65,000,000 worth of wheat in sight.
Other stories are even more interesting. They deal
not with the magnitude nor the value of the crop, but
with the mighty struggle of the farmers in their ef
forts to get it harvested.
One report says that every man, woman and child
in the State between the ages of 15 and 70 is liable to
be. conscripted to work in the harvest fields. There is
a tale that a railway train traversing one of the most
bountiful districts of the wheat area was held up by
embattled farmers and every male passenger com
pelled to get out and go to work as a harvester.^ An
other story runs to the effect that the farmers of an
interior county procured a trainload of workers in St.
Louis and shipped them locked in cars and under
close guard to prevent the border counties from
seizing them in transit. Still another report narrates
that all Justices of the Peace in Missouri, Arkansas
and Nebraska have been petitioned to sentence all
vagrants brought before them to two weeks in Kan
sas or a tine of $50. ;
Probably some of the stories :. are. not historically
accurate, but they are near enough the truth to im
press the public with the greatness of the Kansas
wheat crop and the scarcity of the Kansas harvest
hand.. They also suggest new fields of glorious ro
mance for our writers of fiction. It is said that in
many of the counties the work of harvesting has been
carried on by the light of the moon and the stars, be
cause the sun after ' ripening the wheat does not
shine long enough to permit harvesting it.
There is a tradition that a man named Carter once
raised in these United States a crop of oats so heavy
that he could not stack them on the field they were
grown on. He was a great 'man in his time, but he
will now have to go way back and be buried, for the
world has no longer any use for him. .Even the most
unfortunate of Kansas farmers this year seems to
have more wheat than Carter had oats, and a good
deal harder time than Carter had in getting his crop
harvested. • /'v-'^.vK
THE KANSAS WHEAT CROP.
Federal authorities have invited architects to sub
mit plans for the new Custom-house for San Fran
cisco. This remarkable exhibition of activity on the
part of Washington officials gives spur to hope that
the present generation may be still on earth at the
time when the structure is commenced.
"Judging from your symptoms," the
doctor told him, "there is nothing the
matter with you except the late hours
you keep. Tou are indulging yourself
largely In malade lmaglnalre."
"Doctor," said Mr. Gayboy, indignant
ly. "I give you my word of honor I
have'nt Indulged myself in a game of any
kind for more than elx months!"—Chi
cago Tribune.
"I call that a good cigar."
"Do you? Whew! Did you buy it?"
"Well. no. not exactly. I did a little
favor for a friend and he gave me a
couple."
"What vu the favor V
"Why, he asked me if I knew a man
named WIckersderfer."
"Do you?"
"No."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mrs. Knicker— "They eay a fool and his
money are soon parted."
Mrs. Bocker— "It Isn't so. George is a
p*rfect Wot. and I can't get a cent out of
him."— New York Sun.
T. J. Villaesensa. who conducts a gen
eral merchandise business In Tucson, is
at the Russ.
S. Firth, a merchant of Redding, is at
the Lick.
Jules Cain a merchant of Newman, is
at the Lick.
Dr. "W; B. Shallenburg of Chicago Is at
the Occidental.
S. Grand!, a merchant of Point Reyes,
Is at the Russ.
C. W. Barton, a publisher of Riverside,
la &t the Grand.
Dr. C. L. Lewis of St. Louis Is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. F. Daly, a merchant of Eureka, is
at the Occidental. •
G. W. Towle. a merchant of Towle Sta
tion, Is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Drake of Auckland
are at the California.
F. C. Lusk, a well known attorney of
Chico, is at the Palace.
W*. W. Schroder, a shoe merchant of
Los Aneeles, Is at the Grand.
Grant Snyder, a mining man of Salt
Lake, is stopping at the Palace.
J. J. McSorly, a mining man of Cala
veras County, is at the California.
F. AV. SIsson. a lumber merchant of
Flagstaff, is a guest at the Palace.
J. L. Pendleton, proprietor of a hotel
at Saratoga, is stopping at the Grand.
W. H. Hammond, superintendent of the
Mount Whitney Power Company, Is at
the Lick.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
HONOLULU, July 14.— The lull in polit
ical life usually following a session of the
Legislature is not apparent in Honolulu.
Contrary conditions exist and the two
principal parties, embodying as they do,
many factions and cliques, are already
commencing active preparations for the
primaries and convention which precede
tne general eltction In November, which
election will be the first held under the
county government act recently passed by
the Legislature In the face of great oppo
sition, after long and serious debate.
The Independents are seriously consid
ering the advisability of recommending
F. W. Beckley, Speaker of the last Leg
islature, for the Governorship.
In view of the fact that the bridge will
span a river treacherous in quicksands
the footings are the bottom rocks of the
river bed itself, which varies from fifteen
to thirty feet In depth. Much trouble
has been experienced in establishing the
footings, steam pumps having been used
HAWAIIAN POLITICIAN'S
PBEPARE FOB CAMPAIGN
Independents Consider Advisability
of Recommending Speaker of Last
Legislature for Governorship.
the brldre will be a massive concrete
abutment and an arch. The arches are
all built in seven large segments inclu
sive of a center key, and each arch Is
being constructed over temporary skele
ton frame works of lumber shown in the
accompanying pictures. In these frames
the concrete Is tamped and made to con
form to the arch outline.
BRIDGE WHICH IS TO SPAN
RIVER IN SOUTHERN CALI
FORNIA.-
In addition to what has been already undertaken
the I^urier Ministry has now under consideration a
project for constructing a transcontinental line from
Moncton, New Brunswick, to Port Simpson, or Bute
Inlet, on the Pacific Ocean. The road will be about
,3500 miles long and will be virtually divided into two
sections, the one east and the other west of Winni
peg. A report of the plan proposed for constructing
the line says: "The 2000 miles or so from Moncton
?o Winnipeg would be built directly by the Govern
ment and leased to the newly chartered Grand
Trunk Pacific Company for fifty years, at 3 per cent
on the cost of say $50,000,000. Seventy-five per cent
of the cost of the 1500 miles west of Winnipeg would
be paid by the Government, and this portion owned
by the Grand Trunk Pacific Company. As the terms
would provide that all parts of the road should revert
to the Government if the Grand Trunk Pacific Com
pany should fail to keep its engagements, the whole
thing may be treated of, for the present, as a Gov
ernment railway project"
Three objects are to be attained by the construc
tion of the projected line. First, it will open up to
settlement a rich, new country that is bound to at
tract a desirable population; second, it will provide
p meant of conducting the traffic of the Northwest
through the cities and ports of Eastern Canada in
steid of leaving it to seek an outlet through the
United States; third, it will give Canada a military
strategic line about 500 miles north of the American
frontier, Finally, it is believed the line will be a
paying investment for the Government There ap
pears to be no doubt that Parliament will approve
*he plan, and Canada will take another long step
toward her development .as a nation
Canadian statesmen are well aware of the needs of
their western territory and have entered with vigor
upon the task of supplying them. In a recent de
bate in Parliament the representatives of the western
provinces declared their constituents had lost in 1002
upward of Sio.ooo.ooo because of a lack of transpor
tation, and thnt because of the lack the prices paid
to the farmers for wheat had been depressed from
seven to seventeen cents a bushel. The Government
has undertaken to provide a remedy. A recent re
port from Ottawa says: "To meet the need the
Canadian Pacific Railway is exerting itself; the
Government has aided with its credit 720 miles of ex
tensions of the Canadian Northern, to Prince Albert
and to Edmonton, respectively, about 450 miles and
800 miles northwest of Winnipeg, and both on the
North Saskatchewan River."
CANADA has taken stock of her immigrants
during the fiscal year that ended June 30 and
has found that she received 124.658 persons
to swell her population. The figures are not large
when compared with the enormous immigration to
this country, but they are none the less considerable
when estimated from a Canadian standpoint. In fact,
the increase of our population by immigration dur
ing the year was something less than 1 per cent,
while the Canadian increase in that way amounts to
very nearly 2^2 per cent
In one respect the Canadians have a decided ad
vantage over us in the matter, for her immigration is
of a wholly desirable character and is made up of
elements that can be easily assimilated by the ex
isting population. Thus of the total number of im
migrants for the year no less than 43>98o were from
the United States and 41,787 were from the British
islands. All of those are of course virtually the kins
men of the Canadian natives, being of the same race
and with ample experience in the forms of self-gov
ernment that prevail in the Canadian provinces.
They can therefore be readily absorbed into the so
cial and political structure of the communities where
they settle, and in a few years will not be distinguish
able from the natives. Even the 23,732 immigrants
who have migrated to Canada from Continental Eu
rope will be found a welcome addition to the country,
for most of them came from Northern Europe and
are either German*. Scandinavians or Finns. Con
siderable colonies of those races are already settled
in the northwestern provinces and have been for the
most part successful ar,d prosperous.
The one difficulty in the way of assuring the pros
perity of the new comers is that of providing prompt
and cheap transportation between the remote prov
inces and the markets of the world. It is stated that
last year the farmers of Manitoba alone produced
100.000.000 bushels of grain. 3.500.000 bushels of pota
toes and a l'.rgc quantity of other farm products, the
tot2l crops having an aggregate value of upward of
$75,000,000. To get that product to market severely
taxes the existing railroads, and it will be impossible
to successfully open up new regions for cultivation
antil a larger transportation system has been pro
vided.
CANADIAN PROGRESS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The bridge when completed will contain
14,000 cubic yards of concrete— each cubic
yard of which is computed to weigh a
ton and a half— and will comprise ten
huge arches. Eight of these arches will
have a clear span of 86 feet each and rest
on solid bases 14x28 feet. At each end of
the first of this year upon some
thing unique in the bridge building line—
the construction of an enormous viaduct,
a fifth of a mile long and seventy fe'et
high, entirely of concrete.
This structure, which will be the larg
est of its kind in the world, was designed
by Henry Haw-good, chief of the San Pe
dro, Los Angeles and Salt Lak§ Rail
road's engineering department. .It was
because of inability to obtain structural
steel, all of # the large companies being
months behind with their orders, that the
necessity for the construction of a bridge
across the Santa Ana River for the pas
sage of the Salt Lake trains from Los
Angeles to Riverside became pressing.
Hawgood, when casting about for a sub
stitute, was led to make use of some con
structive Ideas of his own. He Immedi
ately set about working out the entire
plan, and his specifications are being fol
lowed to the minutest detail.
POMONA. July 14.— Away down oc
the edge of Riverside County a
couple of hundred workmen have
been busily engaged ever since
to force out the water while the foun
dations were being constructed. Each
footing supports a weight of 500 tons Ir
respective of its arch, and the trches
will contain S30 cubic yards of concrete.
Accordingly It Is evident that the mat
ter of a common freight train, made up
of an engine and fifteen cars. Is a mere
feather-weight, the bridge being built for
supporting 1 an untold tonnage.
The greatest care has been taken In
preparing and mixing the composite ma
terial—broken stone, sand and cement—
of the concrete used In the bridge con
struction. A big steam mixing plant Is
the important factor in this work. Sev
eral hundred carloads of the broken stone
—a clean white rock, dirt free— and sand
from the river bed. which is run through
a washing process to free it of silt, to
gether with the best tested cement, are
being used. .
This enormous concrete viaduct pnoba
bly will not be completed for some weeks,
although the workmen are laboring dili
gently and constantly In day and night
shifts, electric arcs having been placed
along the bridge to light the night. It
will cost between $250,000 and $500,000.
When completed this viaduct will mean
much to the Salt Lake company, as It
will afford its trains a direct passage
from Los Angeles to Riverside by way of
Pomona and Ontario, through a rich
country p.nd over as finely a ballasted,
well graded and smooth a railroad bed
as can be found in this country.
KENTUCKY has Jong held the center of the
stage by sensational homicides and the antics
of Cassius M. Clay. The old man married a
young girl and practically imprisoned her in his
home, which is a fortress. His children wanted to
protest, but shooting was the penalty of that pastime
of. young folks whose old and doddering daddies
marry. The affair ended in the escape of the young
prisoner, her divorce and marriage to a fearless Ken
tuckian of her own age, who went around with guns
and ammunition enough on him to equip a militia
company.
The deserted husband was over oo when this blow
struck his vernal and juvenile affections, and since
then he has been the terror of the neighborhood.
Recently he ordered two doctors to treat him, and
when they came threatened to kill them both if they
entered the house. No such ancient, picturesque,
bloodthirsty person is at present on exhibition in any
other State. He is a Kentucky product entirely and
intends to end his life as he began it, fighting every
thing in sight.
Between him and the feuds of Breathitt County
Kentucky revels in sensations nearly as sustaining
as her widely known and justly celebrated mint
juleps. But Indiana passes her. A Hoosier farmer,
a quiet citizen who had never done anything more
exciting than plow and sow and reap and mow, and
haul hoop poles and pumpkins to town and help the
old woman make apple butter, had some difficulty
with his son-in-law. It seems that the latter had
deserted his wife and baby and bragged about it, and
would pass his father-in-law's house expressing
opinions of the family that were not warranted by
the facts. The old man stood this several times and
then got his gun and shot the young man in the leg.
He was taken to a surgeon, who was just preparing
to amputate the injured member when the father-in
law appeared and applied an anesthetic by shooting
out all his brains as he lay on the operating table.
At this distance from the stirring scene we refrain
from passing upon the merits of the case, but we can
without offense or interfering with the course of
justice commend the old chap for the thoroughness of
his work. Of course he must answer to the surgeon,
who whetted his knife and filed his saw for nothing,
since it was no use to amputate the leg of a patient
who had already had his head shot off. Kentucky
has not yet produced anything quite that brisk.
KENTUCKY LAURELS IN DANGER
Dr. Wiley, the chemist of the Department of Agri
culture, has found adulterations so common . in all
kinds of food stuffs that he advises people to live
mainly on bread and butter, but it is doubtful if he
would guarantee the purity even of those nursery
articles.
WEDNESDAY JULY 15. iQQ3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
£l£re»s AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE^Manager.
~tel!£phoneT~
a«v fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. 9. F.
CDITORUL ROOMS 217 to 221 StevcniOB St.
Dcfirered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week. 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Stares fcr Usil. ZneJufiln* Posts** (Cub With Order):
D4XLT CALL <ineltj<i!r* Sunday). oo« tmt »H.OO
XMXLY f *T-r- <l&elu£lnr Enadmjr). 6 taontbi 4.OO
DATT.T CALL— By SlarU Month... 7S«
FUKDAT PAT.t t On* Tear 2-»<»
WEEKLT CALL. Oa* T*«r l-OO
[ Daily... #*>O Per Tw Extra
rOEHOtf POSTAGE { EusC*y.. 4. IS Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. ».OO Fcr Tear Extra
All Pottouutrr* sir* authorised to re«elr» '
subscription*.
Hsu pli aopiea will b* forwarded when raqoectcd.
Kail nfeaerfbm tn ortertnx efea&r* of afldreaa ihouia b*
ptrOcdar to «lv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In enj-r
to facer* a prompt and correct compliance wits their request.
BB-AJTCH OFFICES— -627 Montromtry. censer of Clay. ep«i
¦Btn B:SO ©"clock. 300 Hares, open until 9:80 o'clock. 6t>
MrATT1*t* > ' J open until *:S0 o'clock. eiS Larldn. open until
• :*0 o'clock. 1M1 Mlsclca. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
atarkct. earner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1099 Va
krada. cpaa eattl • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 8
c-ciock. tiVT. corner Twentr-ateoad and Kentucky, open
ustU * o'clock. Z200 Flllmore. open until 8 o'clock,
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call ¦«b«ertber* contemplating n rban*e of
rtslAeBec Anrlng the nmntr months can h«T*
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
tlircitri fcr notlfyl»«r The Call Cailnrii Office.
T>f paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and l» represented *r a local areat la
all towns on the eesit
It is evident that we are entering upon a final and
distressing phase of the negro question. Always
where two peoples are in contact and equal before
the law, and one is treated as unequal, subordinate,
subject and inferior, it is sure to pass into perma
nent slavery, or to assert itself by a bloody out
break. Which will it be in the case of the Southern
negroes? Peonage will not solve the problem, nor
will disfranchisement nor other form of subordina
tion. It is time that the thinking and thoughtful
people of both sections got together on the subject.
There is no denying that a reaction is on in the
South, and the tendency there toward re-enslaving
the negro is so plain as to be noticed by the most
casual observer, and so strong as to already require
judicial restraint. It is a daily, almost hourly, occur
rence throughout the South, and even in Washington
City, for a white man to order a negro, who is not
in his service, over whom he has no lawful control
and to whom he pays nothing, to perform for him
some personal or menial task. The order is almost
always garnished with an oath and a vile epithet.
This practice is common. Young white men and
youths are especially given to it. They domineer
over negroes whom they never saw before. Often
when the black man refuses the service to which the
white had no right to command him he is struck or
kicked. If he resent this treatment a lynching is
brewed at once.
These things are not stated in a spirit of criticism
or to make sectional capital, but as facts of constant
occurrence. They show the growing' belief in the
South that the negro owes subordination and servi
tude to the white, and has no right to own himself,
his service, his liberty of action. He is expected and
commanded to uncover his head and on all occasions
give way to the white man in situations where their
lawful rights are exactly equal. If he refuse, as a rule,
he is punished by a blow.
It is admitted that the Southern constitutions
which disfranchise the negro do not contravene the
suffrage amendment to the constitution. The Su
preme Court does not say so in words, but has dis
missed the Virginia suits on the ground that the issue
raised is political, and must be dealt with by Con
gress, the political branch of the Government. Hav
ing had the subtlety to successfully nullify the suf
frage amendment tc the constitution, it remains to be
seen whether the South can as successfully write out
of the constitution the amendment which abolished
slavery and forbids involuntary servitude, except for
the commission of crime.
WHEN the process of disfranchisement of the
negroes began in the Southern States The
Call gave in detail a statement of the prac
tice of compelling negroes to render involuntary ser
vice by going through the form of convicting
them of some offense against the law and then turn
ing them over to contractors, to be worked under the
lash in mines or on plantations.
We expressed the opinion that without the ballot
the negro would prove unable to protect himself
against that form of slavery. Now the ballot is taken
entirely out of his hands, and recent revelations in
Alabama and Mississippi show that in the process of
subjecting the negro to involuntary servitude, vir
tually to slavery, the judicial step is omitted. For
merly any one who wanted a slave would make a
charge against a likely one, procure his conviction
and take possession of him. Now, as proved in re
cent cases on trial before the State and Federal
courts, the victim is seized by force, usually well
whipped, and ordered to work under an overseer as
a slave.
The Southern papers have borrowed a word from
the Spanish to describe this practice, and call it
"peonage" instead of slavery. Under the peon sys
tem the debtor belongs to his creditor until he works
out the debt. But as the creditor keeps the books
and the debtor is poor and ignorant, the debt is never
worked out, but descends from parent to child
through generations, making a permanent system of
servitude.
Peonage is as obnoxious to our laws and morals
as if it were called slavery. No man has a right to
seize the body of another for debt. Formerly im
prisonment for debt was lawful here, :fs it was in Eng
land, but that is no longer permitted. To give the
body of the debtor to his creditor is a worse system
than slavery. The relation is one that permits none
of those humane contacts that were common be
tween master and slave. Peonage is slavery with the
patriarchal feature taken out. All the brutality of
giving one man the ownership and control of an
other is left, and all that softened the system and
made it tolerable is taken away.
Among the stories that come up from the peon
States it is said that the seizure of negro girls to be
held in a viler servitude than slavery is becoming
common, and it is expected that cases of this kind
will soon be before the courts. It is wise to re
strain comment on this blacker phase until it has
been judicially examined.
prises. Still- there can be no dotibt that a large
amount of Russian money has been invested in Man
churia, and it is the intention of the Government to
keep out every foreigner who would be likely to in
terfere with the profits Russia expects to make.
¦ The situation is irritating to Japan, to Great Brit
ain and to ourselves. Japan would doubtless fight
if she had a free hand, but the other powers prefer
to keep the peace. Russia, therefore, will in the end
have her way. She knows well how to turn aside
wrath by the soft lie. She has again and again as
sured the world that she intends to keep faith. Even
now her course is not arbitrary. She promises that
if the other powers will be good she will open the
Manchurian ports in six years. The promise will
please the diplomats. Meantime the mass of man
kind will write Manchuria down as a Russian prov
ince and cease to fret about it.
A RETURN TO SLAVERY.
VIADUCT OF CONCRETE WILL SPAN
A RIVER IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
6
Whisper to Your Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW— SOMETHING FASCINATING
BY MARY E. WILKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Full-Page Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
I NEXT SUNDAY CALL 1
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every Line of the "Letters Froia
a Self-Made Merchant to Hi3 Son," Called
Pastels in Pork No. 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BLIND "CATTLE KING"
| YotxTI Simply Roar Over the Next
I^^JCOLORED^COT^C SUPPLEMENT
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, .flXade Especially
for Framing,
WATSON'S -HIGHLAND CATTLE"
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CHANGING SENTIMENT.
Oliver Goldsmith's" "Deserted Vil-
lage."
Goldsmith in his "Deserted Villnge"
spoke of a certain chape! where those
who "went to scoff remained to pray."
So in life one often laughs at what he
does not understand and later, when he
does understand, his laugh turns to
praise. There were some who doubted
the merits of Newbro s "Herplclde," the
scalp germicide and hair dressing, but
since they have tried It they are iiow
among its best friends and strongest in-
dorsers. Herpicide kills the germ that
eats the hair off at the root, and the hair
then grows again. As a hair dressing it
is Incomparable. Try it. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sample
to The, Herplclde Co.. Detroit. Mioh.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the Sip jf/fy J "j^"
Signature of (-fv&ryy. 7&&/UA£Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can bave them nicely
framed If they will let us do the framing.
Xew mouldings, new mat boards and
binding papers Just received. Sunburn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Pictures and Frames.
John Frick, a laborer, residing at Liver
more, filed a petition In bankruptcy yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are 11673 and he has
no assets.
Bankrupt Laborer.
.I.,C v SchmlU. proprietor of the Liberty
Foundry, 227 Main street, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Cabaniss yester
day for the arrest of the members of the
firm of Jackson & Greer, machine shop
owners, 42 Spear street, on a charge of
obtaining goods by false, pretenses. He
eald that on May 1 Jackson & Greer ob
tained from hjm Iron castings of the
value cf $24 A\ and gave him in payment
a check on the Columbian. Banking Com
pany. The check was returned as worth
less and since then Jackson &. Greer have
failed to make it good, Schmltz says.
Says Check Was Worthless.
There will be big things doing to-day at
Keller's half-price eale, 1028-1030 Market
street. Fine worsted ribbed, form fitting
underwear for men, with mercerized
stripe, fashion seamed, silk faced, to go
at 75c per garment. Regular price $1 50.
Don't miss It. •
Remember To-Day.
K. Tashlro. a Japanese contractor from
the country, .at present living at lAVx
Qulncy street, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Conlan yeeterday for the ar
rest of E. Kitajima and "John Doe"
Klshn on a charge of assault to murder.
He said he went to the Japanese Theater,
on Post street near Powell, on Monday
night with his son and some one told him
that two friends wanted to see him out
side. He went outside and alleged the
two defendants struck him on the head
with a blackjack and cut him with knives.
He could assign no reason for the attack,
as they were strangers to\hlm.
Japanese Vici usly Attacked.
The only thing against Morrlssey was
the union card bearing his name that wai
found in the coat pocket. He explained
that by eaylng that when he quit the em
ployment of Ruggles & Farnsworth he
left his old coat in the barn and he sup
posed the old^ard had been In one of the
pockets.
Yesterday morning Morrlssey donned
the clothes that were found on the beach
and Nelson had a good look at him, but
failed to Identify him. Fred Kuhne of
721 Shotwell street, who saw the robber
on the beach, also had a look at Morris
sey and at once said he was not the man.
Frank Morrlssey, who was brought from
Stockton on Monday night by Detective
Ed Gibson on suspicion of having robbed
Herman Nelson at the ocean beach on
June 18, was relea»ed from custody yes
terday, as he was able to establish a com
plete alibi. It was shown that he was In
Stockton on the day in question, working
for Charles Smith, a rancher in that lo
cality.
MORBISSXY ESTABLISHES
A COMPLETE ALIBI
The estate of the late John de Witt
Allen was appraised yesterday at $105,
249 50. It consists of personal property
worth $2S,749 50 and realty In this city
valued at $76,500.
Allen's Estate Appraised.
Opium Smokers Arrested.
Corporal Eastman and a squad of police
raided the old Astor House, at 622 Pine
street, yesterday afternoon and arrested
Edward Harris, as keeper of an opium
place, and eighteen visitors, among them
a woman who gave the name of Emma
Smith. Three opium layouts were seized.
The prisoners were all taken to the City
Prison and -booked, but were later re
leased on bail.
Colored Pugilists Held.
Muldoon McDonald and Edward Miller,
colored pugilists, were held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of robbery
In $2000 bonds each. They are accused of
knocking down and robbing Joseph Bird,
a colored man. of ?50 and a gold watch
and chain at Pacific and Montgomery
streets on the morning of June 18. Bird's
Jaw was broken by the force of the blows.
Albert Demartlni was acquitted.
A man dressed as a laborer entered the
office of Attorney William Denman, on
(the fifth floor of the Mills building, yester
day while no one was there and. opening
a drawer, grabbed a handful of telephone
checks, thinking they were coin, and
walked away with them and a dress suit
case containing lawbooks. Detective
Freel arrested him with the stolen prop
erty In his possession. The man said his
name was Arthur Bradford and that he
came here from the East about two weeks
ago. He will be charged with burglary.
Will Be Charged With Burglary.
Adelaide Metcalf was granted an Inter
locutory decree of divorce from Samuel
Metcalf for cruelty by Judge Murasky
yesterday. She said that he had brutally
beaten her on several occasions and that
a few months ago he knocked her down
and bit her on the arm. They were mar
ried in November. 1900.
Clifford E. Llnton. a clerk In a down-'
town business house, filed a suit yester
day for divorce against Addle Llnton,
who, he .says, deserted him In September,
1887. A 'cult for divorce for desertion was
also filed by H. F. Jantzen against Emma
Jantzen.
Finds That She Was Victim of Cruel
Treatment From Her
Husband.
New Tork, when produced by
the Rogers Brothers, will receive its first
production in this city at the Grand
Opera-house on Sunday night next. The
production will be the same aa given in
New York. All the scenery', costumes
and effects will be of the most magnifi
cent kind, and the public may safely an
ticipate a great treat. The play is In three
acts, and they represent Manhattan
Beach, the office of Otto Winne & Co
brokers, Wall street, and the exterior of
the Hollywood Inn at Elberon.
The cast will b« a splendid one and the
specialties will be all novel, original and
entertaining. Raymond and Caverly will
Introduce for the flm time some side
splitting parodies of their own composi
tion. They will also Ring in conjunction
with Kitty Kirwln Griffith a diverting
trio entitled "Licorice Lize," and another
quartet of the Reuben and the maid se
ries entitled "The Innocent Maid." In this
latter they will have the assistance of
Louise Moore and Camllle Walling.
Charldah Simpson will be heard In "Star
of My Heart" and other new songs. Har
old Crane will give a new coster song
called "I 'Aven't Told f Im." Budd Ross
will furnish a tramp specialty. In which
he scored a great success In New York.
The other principal numbers will be
"Zamona" and "The Belle of Murray
Hill," Louise Moore; dance, the Esmer
alda sisters and Arnold Glazier; song,
"The Promoter," Herbert SearB and chor
us, and eong and dance composed by
George P. Towle, and "The Quidnunc Fly,"
Anna Wilks and Budd Ross. A new
march of beautiful and symmetrical girls,
which march was Invented for the occa
sion by Charles H. Jones, will be a de
lightful feature of what may be safely
predicted will be a delightful entertain
ment. There is on Immense demand for
Beats and every evidence that the great
prosperity of the Grand Opera-house will
continue.
JUDGE GRANTS DECREE
TO ADELAIDE METCALF
6/ tt N WALL STREET," a new
O II musical eccentricity, which was
1 the sensation of an entire sea
**• son at the Victoria Theater,
SAMPLE OF NEXT WEEKS
OFFERING AT THE GRAND
OPERA HOUSE.
A case of a similar nature was also dis
missed by Judge Conlan. The defendant
was W. H. Revere, bookkeeper and col
lector for H F. Patrick, who has a livery
stable at Polk and Geary streets. He was
accused of the crime of robbery by Otto
Schultz, a master painter at 1S16 Filbert
street. Schultz charged Revere with
striking him and taking his gold watch
at Sutter and Larkln streets on the after
noon cf June 9.
The facts were that Revere was driving
along the west side of Larkln street to
ward the City Hall on the afternoon of
June 9. Schultz was driving in the oppo
site direction on the same side and col
lided with Revere, whose buggy was dam
aged. Schultz drove away and as soon as
he was able Revere drove after him and
caught up with him at Sutter and Larkln
streets. Revere told Schultz he had been
driving on the wrong elde of the street,
and wanted his name, so that he could
obtain compensation for the damage to
his buggy, but Schultz refused and want
ed to fight. Revere promptly knocked
him down and drove to the stable.
Schultz complained to Captain Martin
that Revere had assaulted him and robbed
him of his gold watch, and on June 15
swore to a warrant for Revere's arrest on
the charge of robbery. When 'the case
was called yesterday Schultz said he was
unable to identify Revere as the man
who had struck him and his attorney
asked that the case be dismissed. Attor
ney Frank Drury, who represented Re
vere, Insisted that the facts be made
known, so that his client would not buf
fer the stigma of being thought a robber
and the Judge heard Revere's statement.
After the case was dismissed Schultz's
attorney wanted a warrant for Revere's
arrest for battery, but the Judge de
clined to issue it. - -- .
The defendants' attorney wanted to put
en witnesses as to character, but the
Judge Baid it was not necessary. He
thought the complaining witness had been
actuated by motives of revenge In bring
ing the charge against the defendants, or
he was entirely wrong in his statement as
to what occurred. The defendants were
no more robbers, he said, than any one
within the presence of the court. They
were entirely exonerated, and the court
said it considered it a matter of regret
that they' had been arrested.
The charge of robbeTy ngalnst .Phillip
Phillips, conductor, and George P. Mc-
Carroll, gripmar. of the Ge-ary-street line,
was dismissed by Police Judge Conlan
yesterday. They were accused by W. F.
Trimpler, driver of a bakery wagon, of
having held him up and robbed him of $4
at Point Lobos avenue and Wood street
on the morning of July S.
J. V. C. Comfort. E. A. Kelthley,
Western Engineering and Construction
Company, Golden Gate Brick Company.
Wells, Fargo & Co., Hooke-Fleld Com
pany. Hellmann Bros. & Co., California
Machine Works and^W. 8. Potter were
elected members.
Resolutions were passed favoring co
operation with the Netherland Chamber
of Commerce of New York, which has
recently been organized for the- 1 purpose
of encouraging trade with the Nether
lands.
The Chamber of Commerce met yester
day to confer with William M. Bunker,
its representative at the national capita),
relative t*> what may be done for the
business Interests of California during the
next session of Congress. Mr. Bunker de
livered a brief address on the subject of
what had been accomplished for the bene
fit of California at Washington, D. C,
during the last year. He made particu
lar mention of the new custom-house and
the fact that the architects of San Fran
cisco are to be given the best opportu
nity to design the structure. He explain
ed the province and probable advantages
of the recently created Department of
Commerce and lauded the attainments
and achievements of Secretary Cortelyou.
Mr. Bunker stated also that he was
pleased to deliver personal felicitations
to the chamber from the official of whom
he was sneaking.
. The Chamber of Commerce has express
<ed itself as being much pleased with Bun
ker's labors during the last year and has
decided to send him to attend the next
Congress.
An Invitation from the Seattle Cham
ber of Commerce to attend the meeting
of the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Con
gress, which will convene at the Puget
Sound city on August 8. was read and
referred to the acting president for fur
ther consideration. It was Also decided
that If possible a representative will be
sent to attend the session of the Ameri
can Mining Congress at Deadwood, 8. D.,
In September.
Chamber of Commerce
Is Successful at
Capital.
Police Judge Conlan Ex
onerates Two Street
car Employes.
LA. CROSSE. W:». Ju'.y 14. — At Fountain
C.ty the Cer.tr«J HpteJ. one of the landmarks
of 'Western Wisconsin, wm* <!e«troj-e<i by flr«
to-fiay.
ROBBERY CASES
ARE DISMISSED
HEARS BUNKER'S
REPORT OF WORK
No notice has been received from the
contractor that he has abandoned the
work. Axman has said that he has sent
north to Puget Sound to get mudscows to
Increase his outfit. Colonel Heuer has no
tified the War Department of what has
happened. '.
The contract price for doing the work
was J2&8.000. One clause in the contract
provided that progress must be made at
the minimum rate of 100,000 cubic yards
of dredged material per month to entitle
the contractor to payments. Axman be
gan upon the Job about four months ago.
According to the estimates of the Govern
ment engineers the total amount of ma
terial dredged out In that entire period is
less than 100,000 cubic cards, or 300,000
cubic yards short of what is necessary to
give Axman any pay. The withdrawal of
the dredger at this time will make it
harder to perform up to the monthly
average, dating from the time of begin
ning, than it was before the Interruption.
To catch up it will be necessary to put
on several dredgers, so engineers say.
The contract calls for the improvement
of San Pablo Bay by constructing a chan
nel between the Straits of Carquines and
the Golden Gate, off Point Pinole, Point
Wi'.son and Lone Tree Point, 300 feet 'wide
and thirty feet deep. The shoal to be
dredged is about five miles in length and
has a depth of nineteen feet at low water.
The mud removed from the bottom must
be deposited as near the Bouth shore line
as possible and impounded behind bulk
heads or dykes of suitable construction,
the dykes to be made by the contractor.
Axman began the dredging under the
terms of the contract. A dyke was con
structed for the Impounding of material
taken from the bottom to prevent It from
running back Into the stream. While Ax
man was not progressing at the average
monthly rate provided for In the contract
he proceeded steadily until in a spell of
bad weather a large portion of his dyke
was carried away by the action of the
waves. He continued to dredge, but the
Government would not permit him to go
on until the dyke was rebuilt.
The work of dredging through the shoal
in San Pablo Bay to provide for a deep
water channel to the Mare Island Navy
Yard ha* come to a sudden stop. ' Rudolf
Axman, the contractor who was making
the much needed channel for the Govern
ment, has withdrawn his dredging plant,
and there is nothing doing on the flat at
this time. Colonel Heuer, United States
engineer, has communicated with Mr.
Axman, but has received no definite as
surance whether the work will again pro
ceed under the Axman contract.
The Government Is entitled to declare
the contract forfeited under the adver
tised terms for the work, but has not yet
made any move in that direction. Axman
is In the position pf having performed a
great amount of work for which he haa
not received any money. Unless he con
cludes to go ahead he will not get any
money.
Contractor Takes His Plant
Away After Much Ex
cavating.
City and County Attorney I^ane will
hav> to appear en behalf of the Commis
sioners when the legal proceedings come
up in the court, and his position it a
peculiar one, for the reason that the City
end County Attorney will have to defend
the action of the CommisBioners in ac
cepting the petition of the Ewell-Auber
tlne faction of the Union Labor party,
while the decision recently rendered by
the acting City Attorney is that the
Ewcll-Aubertin© committee had no legal
existence ar.d that the Harder-Berger
committee represented the Labor party.
The CAse will be heard by Judce Mu
rasky Friday nexu he having issued an
alternative writ cf mandate returnable
before him on that day. The writ was
served on the Election Commissioners
yesterday afternoon.
ing committee. The Election Commission
ers are the defendants and the suit is
for an injunction restraining them from
Kianting the petition cf A. H. Ewell and
George Aubertlne for a place on the pri
mary ballot for the names they claim are
the choice for delegates to the Union
LAbor party convention. Harder and Ber
ger also petitioned the court for a writ
of mandate compelling the Commission
er* to crant their petition for a place
on the ballot for the names of the men
they claim are the true representatives of
the party.
The row arnorx the politicians who
seek to control the destinies of the Union
l^abor party cu;ir.:r:nt»^i yesterday in an
appeal to the courts for an adjudication
of their difficulties. The plaintiffs in the
action are August Harder and George J.
¦Berber, president and secretary respec
tively of the Usson Labor party govern-
Politicians Ask the Courts to
Settle the Fight Over
Delegates.
Dredging of Deep Way
to Mare Island Yard
Is Stopped,
Row in Ranks of Union
Labor Party Results
in a Suit
DROPS ALL WORK
ON THE CHANNEL
WANT ELECTION
BOARD ENJOINED
THE SAN FBAKC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
New Musical Eccentricity Which Was Sensation of Entire
Season at the Victoria Theater, New York, Will Begin
Run at Mission-Street House Next Sunday Night
"IN WALL STREET," NEXT OFFERING
OF GRAND OPERA HOUSE FUNMAKERS
7
Fischer's never cets* left, we are always
awake, - *
What'a good ia the show lias we ax* wUUnjr
to take.
In the bill of this week there la everything
new.
And we're sure you'll b« pleased, for the
ahoWe a "loo loo."
What gl
Sensation!
'TJJTDEB THE BSD GZ.OBS,"
Combined wlta
"THE THatBB 11 U B JLBTH AM."
Haa made already "Town Talk."
RESERVED SEATS— Niihts. 23c. BOo and
?5c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 23c and
ftOc Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c
MATINEE TO-DAT (WEDNESDAY). Jaly 13.
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
DtKoltc; Bailey and Madison; Hodges
and Launchinere; Charles Die iron
and Company; Mo slier, Hough ton
and Mosher; Young and De Vole;
Julian Hose, the Siograph and
i^ast week or
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McXinley.
TIVOU'SSSB.
Every Nl*ht This Week. Saturday Matlne*.
Last Performances of
WANG,
With EDWIN 8TEVEN8 la U» Title Bole.
NEXT WEEK
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Will Appear Under 8peelal Encasement In
"The Highwayman"
With EDWIN STEVENS as foxy QuHIer.
POPULAR PRICES Z3c. BOs and 79«
Telephone Bush 9-
ALCAZAR^r^CT
Gen. M«t.
AN ENORMOUS SUCCESS.
to-night- this week only. .
WHITE WHITTLESEY
And a Great Alcazar Cast In a Ma«al&ceat
Production or Aattxeny Hope's \.
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Ev(s.,25c to 73c: Mat.Tnurs. A 8at.,13e to 50b.
Next Monday— MR. WHITTLESET In the First
San Francisco Presentation of
Han Cains' s Famous Play.
TUB MANXMAN,
THE LUTZTROTHEIS,
HANLOVS PANTOMIME COMPANY and
hliti -Class Specialties tvery Afternoon
end Evcnlni in the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
t 9B. KOCTCBTB.
FAREWELL LECTURE— AN EXPLORER'S
ADVENTURES IN THE DARK CONTINBNT.
NATIVE SONS' HALL.
THURSDAY. S P. M.
Tickets. 5Oc and $1. Palace news stand and
J. J. NEWBEOIN. 17 Flood bld«.
DDTTCU17Q tor barbers, ba-
•rtwers. bookbinders, eandyigaken. canners,
dyers. Hour mills, foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe Jactorles,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanaers. tailors, sta.
BUdZAHAJBT BX03,
Brush Maauf aotnxex*, 609 Sacnuaaato Si.
AMUSEMENTS.
•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ""**' Proprietor*.
Market Street. Near Klrtth. Phone South 583.
TO-NIGHT^LAST WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND 8UNDAT.
The Favorite Comedian.
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Funniest of All Farce Comedies.
MULDOON'S PICNIC
Brimful of Amusing Specialties!
Songs. Dances. Medleys. Burlesques!
ppifrc Evenlnr lOe to Mo
IJUILJ Matinees 10c. 15e. 23o
Monday. July 20— MR. HERSCHEL MAT-
ALL In a Grand Spectacular Production of
•FAUST."
[CALIFORNIA
I MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
FAREWELL. WEEK.
To-night and Saturday Matinee.
ROMEO AND JULIET.
Thursday Night— "ELIZABETH."
Friday. Saturday and Sunday Nights—
"MACBETH."
Next Monday— NEILL-MOROSCO COM-
PANY In
IN THE PALACE OF THE KING
Special Summer Price*— 75c. 6Oc, 25c.
Advance Eale Thursday.
"Tremendous, strong, convincing-" — Bulletin.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
AND AGAIN ON SATURDAY.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company, Presenting
Haddon Chambers' Powerful Drama,
A M0DERNJV1AGDALEN,
One Week— Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
AMELIA BINGHAM Will Present
Clyde Fitcb's Latest Comedy Success.
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson."
SEATS READY THURSDAY. i* / -'
GRAND
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
- - LAST FOUR NIGHTS - -
BAYKOHS AND CATEBI.T
And Our 8unerb New York Co. r
IN CENTRAL PARK [
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
First Time In This City of the Famous Musical
Eccentricity, .
I IN WACLJSTREET I
Secure Your Seats Now 25;, 30c., 73c
£tvtnth and Market Sta.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Robinson and Grant;
The Newmans; The Burroughs; The
Three Kuhns; Xrafift and Daley;
Harry and Carrie La Kola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 29c. 20c. 16c. 10c; Matinees
30c and 10c. -
Phone far Seats — Smith 1022.
PzUrt* D °N' T FAIL TO
1 aiai'W see the beautiful
- COURT LounRing-
AUfi room, the EMPIRE
CJIIU PARLOR, tht
r - PALM ROOM, the
Ilf/Hm louis xv par.
UiailU LO R and the LA-
u . , DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
I PfKe Credit Movtsc 1 1^^>.|
9x12 Feet Wool Smyrna, Rugs. $15.00.
This new lot were the usual thine we'd say the usual thing about them-
s!ze and price, and let it go at that.
But they are unusual in pattern and color, making them more than
just rood Smyrna rugs.
There are famous Oriental designs heretofore deemed impossible In
Smyrnas. You can match any color scheme or period of furnishing from
this new & great assortment.
Thick, soft wool, reversible, pattern on both sides, ox ia feet, $15.00.
3x6 Feet Smyrna Rugs 2.25
That's a very handy size; comes near being a big rug, yet It will answer
for rror: places than any other size made. There are bright colors and
combinations in Oriental effects In such variety that a pleasing choice ia
assured. Reversible pattern, 3x6 feet Smyrnas, $2.25.
Imperial Axminster Rugs, 36x63, $6.50.
Persian, Turkish and East Indian. Panels In delicate tones or brilliant
colors. Floral and figured medallions daintily bordered. The handsomest
lot and greatest variety we 've ever shown of these high pile Axminsters,
the favorite piano and parior rug. 36x63 inches, 16. 50.
18x36 Axminster Rugs, 85c.
Little single door beauties with lustrous texture and bright color that win
add cheer to your room out of all proportion to their size. Oriental and
floral. 18x36 inches, 85 cents.
Carpet Rugs, 65 and 75 Cents
Made of short lengths of our handsomest patterns of Axminster, Velvet ft
Brussels carpet; 1 to t }i yds; fringed ends. Pile rugs, 75c Brussels, 65 c
233 235 237 Post Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bun fflranriarp lln? look
4tMWlaaas»aaaasasMaasasBWa^BB»^B^M^M^MWi^^ -J^?B The Fashionable
j| ===== _ ==s=ss-~^ Private Address
California now
P^^l^^fe^^""^ 1^^^^^^^^- -v Being Compiled
lffiarag^=g==^ for : : : : : : :
jaHi|al|MJ|Jjffifrmff^^ 1 0113 * 1 904
m^Sm&lSS^S^SMS!^^Sf^^S^BBB^^SBSMSSSSSi Containing the
®&g9®%dt3Sj5fi$S5g$B^^ Leading Families
UHMHI|UmaUiaHKJn n alphabetically
{PftfltTffinffiKlB^iffiT^ arranged in groupa
SSKBSSfed^^^giv^ERtT^B n rHll srosfrWMiMuIla&a designating
gBJaggCffiiffltwl^^ matron and raaid
EBisWWlHK'asK^ifl^a^ilff J'^LJJlsHQaPasttH'J'viaiSM W^tss^ar M™ « "* !»¦"¦»
%ElS6gHlg>g»Kl«3By6^^ Saus«lito.Belved«rsi
iyqCTa^raW?«W^<3i»%«»g23gire gsgMBTBttKiMMlJ San Josc.SanMateo
BKllHlWfllMVW Burllngome,
sagBMWSjftffilljjnflS^ Sacramento.
WfS^Ss^Ss^3^SSm*S^^^iS^^^Bnl^BB^&ifsS^^ stoats*.
gjgpg£3KMJg»gftBgE^^ Ross Vsllev,
mSSI^iSS^^SMSlSSBB^SKySSK^eWISISsSmS^aSKSSS^S^a Mealo Park,
flMHs^BBUBBBSBBkaKsG <8BifB£E£iR3S&BnxSRSnRBSKlmX3Sfi3SBtix!fHR l°* ArKjeles,
gjP&B^igBBBBll^^ Sent* Barbara.
flBwBiaJlWwwiWBrTsCT San Diego,
Also a Club Depa rt-
vSBSBXSI^SwKMUSSKEtaSSS^SSBSsSsSSm SBaprea ment giving offi-
rfgtlSlrlflM cers Directors and
KSmSBBSBOS^imKm^^m^'^^S^^^im^i^m^m Members with
IJriS3SMl«rairaragfflf^^ their business «d.
rim^^^lMi^T^^m^jSmSt^^^tWSKSKKSfffBmxBSKm gut 3 * 9 ©' the lead-
KiiiSKraat&gffSaSfrra Tog hotels; person.
Mpjra8flBaKa|fiHE)wiMBPMa||ffl£^^ ncl of the press;
jj^^j3gfc<{y8!lro?3Cffi'ffi']wffi^t'ffiffi diagrams of the
R»i^*<S3BlHtflwS»WRS^Mrvv5^«« nSSIb theatres; and shop-
pin * *""?* : also
gjtfffTftjfi^^ street and avenue
IHWnSEipWtfflW'pBflMlPli? guide giving car
MfiMHjSffiKttlii^&Bal^^ line direct to any
KKj«|j-IlKg$«Sy*^^^ desired number,
'MJKMHHU|lBg|TO PftlCC $5.00
Address All Communications to CHAS. C. HOAG, Publisher
320 SANSOMC ST., ROOMS 47 TO 65
*;V Y- THE E. D.BEATTIE PRINTING CO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 176O SAN FRANCISCO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sag JjS I
A FRESin, £KiN I
Tct half a century HeiFkell's Ointment 3
| h£* been us*-"! by careful mothers every- S
\ *hore for parlfyine end preserving the 9
fckin in beauty. BettkelTa Ointment S
cures red. rough skin. Pin:pl?s. Blotches, z
Dares. Scald*. Tetter, Erysipelas. Salt r.
Rhwmi. Scald Head. Itch. Ringworm, , '
triers. Sore Nose. Sore Eyelids.
HEISKELL»S j
Ointment B
Icnols all iTTiiation: makes the skin beau-
tifully fair «r.!l emooth. HeiEkell's Soap
and Heirkel'/e O'.r.tracnt make a ecmpiete
treatrr.er.t and »ure care for any skin
trouble. At drupiritu'. soap. i5c; olnt-
mer.t. 5Oc Send for book cf testi-
monials. . '
JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY A. CO.
Philadelphia. j
*ssBSQ0BSt&tB3aSZ^3sssS3EEB2BsB»v
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS !
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
TKBKB AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS GO-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
Tor Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
J- _ M « e» what
CURES All EYE DISEASES. \^ M&r
GRANULATION ETC. '¦ as +ZZ** ir^
California tuclirht. stronr winds and alkali
east cause eye trouble. Little troubles arrow.
M urine U a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
fifi<»d eye, to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart.
«--frthes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murlne Eye Remedy
(>., Chicago, are the largest In the world pro-
Uucinjr en exrlui'Ix'e line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
CB H S W*k Beds. Cbaira. Stoves, etc
fca m* p\ n I ;^r:ts f< r rent >rd for sale.
flH hVlflBV Ouci, KlSea. Fishing Tackle
*»2 KhSS *nd Fportinc Goois. Send
Ba E ¦ C fot Catalcsut. Bbxeve *
Uarber Co.. 739 Market st
*c! MM Keamy st.
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
TVHT N'OT RIDE A p^— — — —^— i
W0LF-AHERICAN MORPHINE
BICYCLE O |LujcwEtfciUi'e«l-
EDWIN UOUR1Q, U Tt. lt,';||-_ D.-l J\i
fcicycies end fcpuruo* M liB tilliSff CITI L|s
U22 MAJiKET BT. tm PcIk 8t - g ' *'CHICAGO. July 14.— Joseph Howarth, 30
years old, shot and killed his wife, Bertha
Howarth, to-day at their home. A few
hours later Howarth was to. have ap
peared In a Police Court to answer a
charge preferred by his wife of threats
to kill her. resulting from domestic diffi
culties. After assuring himself that his
wife was fatally wounded Howarth shot
himself and was removed to a hospital In
a dying condition.
Kills Wife and Wounds Himself.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 14.— The Judges
did not think McCarthy was driving Tom
Keene out In the first race to-day and
McHenry was put up in his place. Track
fast. Results:
2:24 pace, purse $1000 — Dr. Madura won In
two stralgh heats. Time. 2:11>£. 2:09%.
2:23 trot, purse $2000 — GUy Fortune won
second and third beats and race. Time, 2:17%,
2:lt;»,i. Maud Carlisle won the first beat in
2:lC»i.
2:10 pace, purse $1400 — Baron Rodgera won
in two straight heats. Time, 2:11>4, 2:08%.
2:17 trot, purse $800 — Roblzala won In two
straight heats. Time. 2:13%, 2:16.
Trotting Races at Columbus.
Judge Hamey jointly accuses Attorney
Shores and Charles \V. Clark, son of Sen
ator W. A. Clark, with offering him«a
5250,000 bribe to change his decision in tie
famouX Minnie Healy .case between
Heinze *nd the Amalgamated.
BUTTE, Mont.. July H.— The disbar
ment proceedings brought against A. J
Shores, chief of counsel for the Amalga
mated Copper Company, were resumed to
day after a postponement of six months
Attorney Shores is charged with attempt!
ing to bribe Judge E. W. Harney with
$250,000 to change his decision In giving to
F. Aogustus Helnze the ownership of the
Minnie Healy mine, valued at J10 000 000
State Senator J. M. Kennedy was on 'the
stand the greater part of the day. In
his line of questioning counsel for Shores
outlined the defense, which sets up the
existence of political and business con
spiracy on the part of the Helnze Inter
ests.
Counsel for Amalgamated Copper
Company Will Allege the Exist
ence of a Conspiracy.
ACCUSED ATTOBNEY
OUTLINES HIS DEFENSE
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 14.— The tan
dem Australian pursuit race for profes
sionals was the principal attraction at
the Salt Palace track to-nleht and
brought out eight of the best riders now
here. Attendance, 3500. Summary:
One mile, professional. Anal — H. Downing
won F. J. Hofman second, John Chapman
third. Time. 1:59 2-5.
Fire mile lap race, amateurs— E. A. Graz
won, Iver Redman second, J. E. Starbuck third.
Time, 10:59.
Tandem Australian pursuit, professional —
Hopper and Samuelson won In three miles, two
and a half laps. Time, 0:48. Downing and
Hofman second, Burrls and Staver third.
Downing Wins Professional Race.
WASHINGTON PABK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 14.— The following are the
entries for to-morrow's races at Washington
Park:
First race, one mile — Santon 122, Beautiful
and Best 112. Rossmond 112. Sioux Chief 107.
Birch Broom 107. Semper Vivum 107.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing— Haviland 104. Hermencla 103, Bessie Mc-
Carthy 102. Boaster 102, Glassful 101. Prince
Blades 101, Gold Bell 89, Alma Girl 97.
Third race, live furlongs, handicap— Peter
Paul IIS Nannie Ho.lge 112, Witchcraft 111.
Mast lOSl Shawana 107. Blumenthal 104, Jerry
Lynch luO. Memphis 105.
Fourth race, one mile and twenty yards —
Plederich 10(5. Talpa 108, Hoodwink 102, Sidney
C. Love 97, Bad News »4, By Ways 88.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Father
Wentker 110. Fleuron 10y. Cornwall 10s, Jane
Holly 103. Scotch Plaid 103. Louis Wagner 103.
John Yerkes 103. Charlie Grainger 101. Ang->1»
100. The Forum 1W. Cousin Carrie SO. Poor Boy
94. Organdie U.». Miriam W 90, Mary McCaffer
ty K5, Lovable 96.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Never Fret
113. Sweet Tooth 103. Balm of Gllead 104, Tra
vers 102. Mayor Johnson 101. Evelyn Bird 101
Hot 101. Flaunt 100. Zibia 99, Tros »«, Stem
Winder 9S, First Chip 98. Charlie Thompson 98
Little Duchess II »C, Bardolph 95, Irene Mac 90.
. Weather clear; track fast.
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flmt Race— Birch Broom. Santon.
Semper Vivum.
Second Race Gold Bell, Havlland,
Hermencla.
Third Race— Peter Panl. Nannie
llorice. Witchcraft.
Fourth Race— Bad Xcwm, - Hood
wink. Tjtlpn.
Fifth Race Jane Holly, Mary
MrCaffertr, Organdie. _
Sixth Race— Traven, Bardolph,
Stemvrinder.
Time, 1:40 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. E. Trotter's b. f. by Henry Young-
Lineage. Martin U0. Jaubert 107. Alum Water
99, Latson 101 and Ed Adack 100 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
4 to 1— Lingo, 103 (Adkins) 7 11 Vi
10 to 1— Bluemint, 104 (Henry) 4 2 2 1
C to 5 — Fad. Light, 84 (L.Wilson). 2 4 3 h
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: purse.
Betting. Hc-rFe. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Henry* Bert. 124(HelgeRen) 1 2 1 n
4 to 1 — Olendale. 103 Phillips) 5 1 2 h
5 to 1— The Giver, 122 (Knight)... 4 4 3 n
Tiir.3. 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. E. Rcwe's b. h. by Bersan-Catherine
Bassett. Wainamoinen 117. Scorpio 121, Chris
tine A 10S and Ltfckett 113 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
handicap.
Bmirnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— nor.i&ge. 92 iRobbins). . .. 0 5 12
« to 1— Bragg, 110 (Knapp) S 4 2 >*i
12 to 1— Schwalbe, 102 (L. Wilson). 1 1 3 Vi
Time. 1:K! Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, .lames Arthurs br. c. by Halma-Miss
Ijongford. Monsieur Boucaire 'M, Hargia 112.
Louisville IK* and Macy VO also ran. Nitrate left
at post.
Time. 1 :0S. Start good. Won handily. \Vln
mr Clay Bros." br, c. by Flying Dutchman-
Ollle Dale. Silk Maid 115. Fred Lepp»rt 121.
Proceeds 121. Peter J. Somers 113. Ed Tlernej
121 and Lanark 113 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs:
Edgewater stakes.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— lonsdale, 121 (Crowhurst). 3 1 1 h
2 to 1— Eng. Lad. 118 (H.Phllllps) 8 4 2 1»A
SO to 1— Battf. 121 (Henry) 1 3 :i 2
SECOND DRACE — One and an eighth miles:
selling.
Bettlr.g. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. =i Fin.
30 to 1 — »U. of Avon, lOO(Wond'ly) 2 1 I n
0 to 10— Maj. Tenny. 00 (L. Wild .in) 5 2 2 l«i
5 to 1— Kllmorlc. 91 (S. Bonner).. 3 3 3 2^
3 to 1— Carat, 103 (Adklns) 4 4 4 n
•Disqualified for fouling. Time, 1:54 3-5.
Start bad. Won driving. Winner. S. C. Hil
dreth's b. s by Tenny-Rose. Slap Dash 107,
Miracle II 104 and Marcos 107 also ran.
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Itlumenthal. 110 (Boland). 5 111
3 to 2 — Dungaancn. lCSdielgeten) S C. ' £ 1
20 to J— itfaitius. 1OS (Henrj) 11 2- 3 3
Time. 1:02. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, B. Sehreiber's blk. c. by Saln-Contest.
Instructor 112, Bery Waddell 105. Oudon 10S.
Alamo.ie 105 William Wright 108, Atlantlca
1(!8, Foncasta 10S. Dalvay 108. Nellie Crom
well JC5, Father Tallent 10S. Honest John 108,
My Alice 105 and Hindiline 105 also ran.
The disqualification of Bard of Avon in
the second race made a difference of
nearly $100,000 to the bookmakers. Major
Tenny was played heavily by the big
bettors, his odds falling from 3 to 2 to 9
to 10. Coming through the stretch Bard
of Avon swerved over Into Major Tenny,
throwing him out of his stride and nearly
tossing him over the fence. The decision
of the Judges In setting Ellison's horse
back was received with loud cheers.
Three Jockrys were indefinitely sus
pended. Treanor was punished for his
work on Orfeo on Monday: Henry was
set down for cutting across with Batts
at the start of the Edgewater stakes to
day, and Wonderly was set down for foul-
Ing Major Tenny with Bard of Avon.
Summary:
CHICAGO, July 14.— Lonsdale, neglect
ed in the betting at 10 to 1, won the Edge
water stakes at Washington Park to-day
In the prettiest race of the afternoon. The
field was sent away to a good start and
the horses were all bunched until well
Into the stretch, where Lonsdale drew
away and won rather handily from Eng
lish Lad.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles maiden
3-year-olds— Sentinel 108. Two Pennyweight
111. Duncannon 111. Wyefleia io$ King Carter
111. Nodo 111. Lenark. 1CS . Mart Mullen m!
hen Lac 111. Tarn o' Shanter lOS. Femper Vivai
108. Cocagne ill. Polite 108. Irascible 111 Hv
land 111. Albany Girl IOC. ' J
Weather cloudy: track muddy.
niUGHTOV BEACH SELECTIONS.
<By the Morning Telegraph )
SIl^lWaf^lrTtJ!"" 11101 '' S —-«
Third Race Roaetlnt, St. Finnan
Klylntr I!uttrr*N. M * ' lnn " n f
Fonrth Race Vameokl. Dnikr.
nob .Murphj. ' "•*'•
. Elhlc.^ naee — Sambo ' Water Tower,
Ms tli Race — Iraaclble. Tan.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles 3-year
olds and up. selling— Black Hussar lib Agnes
D 107. Lord Advocate 1C2. Andy Williams lie
Ethics 107. Sambo 111. Water Tower 116. At-
GPn 106.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap, all ages
Hurstboume 126. Shotgun 124. Young Henry
124. Rowtlnt 117. St Finnan 112. Demurrer
112. If You Dare 111. Stroller 111. Wealth 108
filldell 107. Illyria 100. Flying ButtresiMli
Fourth Tar*. P i x furlongs, the Atlantic, cell
ing—Dusky K). Revelation S9, Dr. Chapin 117
Bob Murphy 105. Excentral 89, Midshipman 104*
Nameoki 102.
Firt-t race, one and a sixteenth miles. 3-year
clde and up. selling — Mary Worth 105, Blue
Victor 107. The Regent H«. Semlnole 103, l>un
car.no 10*5, Heathsville 101. Rursell Garth W5,
M. Richardson 101, Earl of Norfolk 86, Alsike
1<«. Miss Lobrter 10C. Lady Knighthood 8»
6er.trj- 110. Albany Girl K9, Royal Pirate *M
X^Oara 100. Spring Silk 101.
fceeond race, steeplechase, short course
Woolgatherer 156. Ohnet 140, Judge Phillips
lr^S. Mystic Hhrlner 1X1. Howard Gratz 140,
Bolt Alone 140, Rose of Shannon 140. Valdez
147. Kufa 142. Memorist 142. John Ruskln 133
fir EllerElie 135. Fox Hunter 14S, Fablu* 130. '
NEW YORK. July 14. — The following are the
entri** for to-morrow's races at Brighton
Beach:
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
XVinnf-r. Albemarle Stab!e> b. f. l»- Donovan
l^icasta. OrJoflf 104, Earl of Warwick 107.
Colonel Rorer 103. Avignon 94, Lenarka Js,
also ran.
FOURTH RACK— Six furiocr*. Glen Cove
handicaji.* tlir<=^-year-o!ds:
netting. Hoiw. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1 — Antarita. 112 (Hicks) 3 112
IS to 1 — Sir Voorhies 10S Utedfrn) 13 2 •%
;;<• to 1 — GravSna. Iffi iMichaels). .in h 3 \
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
M'ir.ner. Mexican stable's b. f. by Bathamp
ton-Ln;a A. Eugenia Burch 117. Invincible
1<?i St Daniel 107 Minotaur 110 John A.
Scott l'."S. Clr.quevalll 10<J. Profitable 101. also
FIFTH RACE— Six furlong*, ¦elllng. two
'•'ar-olds:
Betting. Ilorpe. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
S to :»— Luminosity. 104 lONeill). 4 3 11
r. to 2— T. Heather. lf» <Redfern) 2 2 2 h
17 to .%— Short Cake. 1<H (Minder). 3 4 3 1
Time 1:15 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. C. Daly's blk. f. by Albert-Lu
minous. Harbor 107. Dinah Shad 99 Charlie
KiulKT 102. Jig Step 102. Ruby Hempstead 1<».
also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs, purse, three
year-olds and upward:
Bfttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 5 — Kux Casta 123 (Gannon) 2 3 12
» to !(?— <\>unterpoii>e. 104 (Redfn) 4 12 2
12 to 1 — King Pepper. 123 ( Doyle* 3 2 3 5
THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles,
handicap, three-yrar-old* and upward:
Betting. Horff, Weight. J^ck^y. St. *i Fin.
2 »o 1 — V.". R. Condon. 110 (Redfrn) 3 4 1 h
4 to 1 — Hunter Raine 12G lOdom) 6 2 2 1U
f. to 1— Thorneycroft. 117 <Pickrg) 4 3 3 n
Time. 1 :0.Y Start good. Won driving. Win
tH-r, II. F. Meyer's b. c by Troubadour-Fclina.
Cardinal Wolsey 115, Tupai Bey J07- Cogs
well 1C6, also ran.
Time. 1 :«S». Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. O. L, Uichaniii' blk. c. by Lissak-Black
Venus. Rostand ii9. Early Eve 107. Gibson
UKht l^r.. Turnpike 00. Ella Snyder 100. Col
onel Pad Jen 101. Neither One 101. Courtenay
lfiR. Trump 10C. Knight of the Garter 101. also
ran.
SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth mile*,
fellSnir. throe-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Dark Planet. 104 <HurnF>.12 4 1 h
V<» to 1 — Cinclnnatus. 90 fDesousa) 1 1 2 %
1«» to 5 — N«-v«*nr.nre. 102 (Gannon). 2 2 3 h
Thoee who saw the performance were
satisfied that Eugenia Burch will be hard
to beat in any race hereafter over a fair
distance of ground. The value of the
Glencove handicap to the winner was
$2339. Summary:
FIKPT HACE— Trro-year-oMt. five And a
half furlongs purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
34 to B — Howena 107 (Bums) 4 4 12
3 to 1— P. Gretchen. 107 (Bullmn) 7 2 2 h
3 to 1— White Plume. 107 (Redfn) 5 5 3 h
Time. 1 :<X». Start good. AVon ridden out.
Winner. O. P. Water-house" 6 fcr. t. by A'.tarr.ax
ricnic. L*tol» 107. Petunia 107. Xinepin 107,
Funnysldes 107. Hydrangea 107, also ran.
NEW YORK. July 14 —Ten thire-year
ol£> ran in the Glencov* handicap, the
only stake at Brighton Beach to-day, and
the winner proved to be Astarlta, owned
by the Mexican stable. The filly's races
have been excellent all reason, and she.
would have been at a much shorter price
than 5 to 1 If any of the fashionable
Jockeys had been on her; but. with Hicks
tip, a good price was laid. Whether she
would have won but for Eugenia Burch
being: knocked about In the flrst part of
the race Is a moot point. Tho*e who ac
cepted 2 to 1 against Eugenia Burch were
for a short time flattered, because the
filly showed a great burst of speed In tho
last half-ralle of the race, was compelled
to run around the big field of horses and
actually ran up to fourth position in the
stretch. The time of the race was very
fast— 1:1S 1-5.
Spwlal Dispatch to The Call.
Shows Fine Burst of Speed,
but Fails to Run "in
the Money."
Bard of Avon's Disqualifica
tion a Blow to the
Bookmakers.
Eugenia Burch Encoun
ters Considerable
Interference.
Pretty Contest of Two-
Year- Olds at Wash
ington Park.
ASTARITA WINS
GLENCOVE STAKE
LONSDALE TAKES
THE EDGEWATER
HANDICAP GOES
TO HELEN PRINT
Mare Shows Her Heels
to Fast Ones at
Dei mar.
Kilo the Only Winning Fav
orite at the St. Louis
Track.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ST. LOUIS, July 14.— The racing at Del
mar Park to-day was of the ordinary
kind, with no particular feature. The at
traction centered In the fourth event, a
handicap at six furlongs, which was won
by Helen Print. Kilo was the only win
ning: favorite. Summary: \
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, selling: \
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1-Lona S., 110 (Otis) 1 111.
7 to 2— Allegretto. 110 (Htgglns) .'{ 3 2 1
5 to 2— Pinky B., 106 (F. Smith) 9 7 3 n
Time, 1:04%. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. Pratt Bros.' br. f. by Loantaka-
Dora S. Bush Smith 110, Caryota 110.. Easter
Walters 110. Bessie Kirby 105. Marie Stone
IOC. Orla 110 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonin, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Ivernia. 105 (Traterse) . . 9 7 In
15 to 1— Larouge. 112 (Otis) 4 1 2 U,
6 to 1— Dr. Clark. 114 (Kelly)... 8 4 33
Time, 1:16>6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. S. Sim'a ch. f. by St. Leonards-
Queerifcton. Mollle T. 110. Certain 107. Grantor
lltt. Tenny Belle 107. Trialmore 107. Kentucky
Muddle 105, Una Price 112, Lady Adeline 105,
Wild Katie 112 aleo ran.
TJTTRD RACE— Five and a halt furlongs,
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Kilo, 105 (D. Austin 0 4 11
12 to 1— Ld Hrmnce. 108 (F.Smth) 3 2 2 6
4 to 1 — Brilliants. 108 (Frakes),. . 1 5 3 h
Time, 1:11. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. P. Hayes' ch. g. by Donald A-Doo
llttle. Mildred I* 110. Enigma 1C5. Preten
sion 110, Town Moor 113, Matt Wadleigh 105,
Woodlyn 108, Lustlg 113 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Heln Print, 104 (F. Smith) <> 4 12
5 to 2— Stand Pat. 9!» (D. Austin) 3 3 2 H
6 to 2— Fnk Bell, lia (Bell) 1133
Time. 1:14%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. F. Lmnlels & Co.'s b. t. by Argyle-
Manetta. Martinmas 101, Malster 100, Four
Leaf C. 94 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ft Fin.
0 to 1— Carrie Hope. 100 (Shea).. 4^1^
6 to 1 — Hookseoka, 00 (Bridewell) 0 1 2 2
3 to 4— Baronet. 102 (F. Smith).. 1 3 3 3
Time, 1:57%. Start good. Won driving.
¦Winner, J. M. Barker & Co.'s b. f, by Trouba
dor-Sunbeam. Dawson 102, Tempt 100, King's
Pet 102, Kenyonwood 95. Varner 107 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and twenty yards,
purse :
Botting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1— Bengal. lOi <D. Hall)... 1 1 1 2
9 to 5 — Jim Clark, 104 (Otis) 3 2 2 n
5 to 2— Mynheer, 100 (Higglns).. 6 5 J 4
Time. 1:*~%. Start good. Won -easily.
Winner C. E. Burnett & Co.'s ch. h. by Ben
Stromm'e-Begum. Golden Glitter 1«*). Hand
spinner 92. Buccleuth 102, Eva G. 90, Luna 98
also ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. July 14. — The following are the
entries for to-morrow's races:
First race." six furlongs, selling — Novelty 106,
Jean Gravier «•"«, Doc Mayer 95, Lacache 95.
Anieiger ICQ, Defacto 05, Burlap OS, Budwe'ser
1*5, Oouiiy 1)5. King Rcse 113.
Second race, live furlongs, Belling: — Yenom
OS, I-lla Noel 100, Thales »;{, Wily Woodward
101. Ocyrohe 10», Rhyme and Reason \W. Dr.
Cartledge 107 Comoro 95. Bird Pond 100, Men
don J«{, Glen Ksher 93, Bride »9, Quaker Girl
1OJ.
Third race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Howard 82, Siphon 100. Class Leader 87,
Professor Neville 105. Helen Hay 05. BUI Simp
eon 100, Norwood Belle 95, Chlckasha 80. Miss
Eon 90. Lynch 100, Kings Pet 102, Tony Lep
plng 97.
Fourth race, one and three-alxteenths miles.
Belling — Jean Beckham 90, The Way 109. Lan
dola U0, Vlrgie d"Or 08, Josle K 98, Edna Riley
102.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Dr. Kam
merer 100. Deer Hunter 100. Ben Lear 101, Alflo
100; Charley's Dream 100, Nath Woodcock 100,
Olonetz 100.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing—Brown Vail 100, Eugenia S 102, Howling
Dervish 98. Tickful 102. Venue Victrix 98.
Henry of Franatamar 102, Kitty Clyde 104, Lu
nar 103. Tioga 04.
Weather clear; track fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
(By the Morning Telegraph.)
First Race— Doc Jlaym, Harlap.
llndivelner.
Second Hncf— Ocyrohe, Bird Pond,
Rhyme and Reason.
Third llnci- — Siphon, Belle Simp
son, ChlcUnnlta.
Fourth Knee— Eda Rlley. Joale F.
The Way.
Fifth Itacf — Xath Woodcock, Ben
Lear. Charley's Dream.
Sixth Itnir — Uoivlintc Dervlnli, Lu
nar, EaRenia S.
PRESIDENT APPROVES
SENTENCE OF DISMISSAL
Lieutenant McCarthy Is Betired in
Disgrace, Having Duplicated
His' Pay Accounts.
WASHINGTON. July 1.— The President
has approved the action of the court
martial in the case of Second Lieutenant
John F. McCarthy, Nineteenth Infantry,
recently stationed at Fort Leavenworth,
Kans. He was convicted of duplicating
his pay accounts and sentenced to be dis
missed from the army.
¦ Jn announcing the President's action.
"Secretary Root added the following mem
orandum: ; : .': •
The attention of the Secretary of War has
been drawn to numerous violations of the regu
lations governing the transfer and assignment
of pay accounts, especially by young officers,
who are not yet fully conversant with the re
quirements of army regulations In that regard.
The law and regulations are alike explicit In
respect to this practice and operate to deprive
of validity all transfers or assignments of
claims tor pay until the right thereto hu fully
accrued and the account becomes lawfully due
and payable. Young officers are reminded that
the avoidance of debt, a rigorous economy in
expenditures and a scrupulous regard for pecu
niary obligations are absolutely essential to
good standing In the military service, and de
partures from the standard of probity In that
respect will not be lightly regarded by tho
War Department.
Lightning Destroys a Home.
NEWTONDAL.E, Conn., July 14.—Rock
lawn, one of the finest summer houses In
this part of the country, the residence of
Mrs. Lindley Hoffman Chapin, daughter
of Chief Justice Andrews of New York,
was struck by lightning to-night and de
stroyed. Only a small portion of /the
costly furnishings were saved. The loss
ia estimated at J100.000.
Death Calls Aged Capitalist.
SANTA ANA, July 14,— Levl J. Colby, a
resident of Santa Ana and vicinity for
twenty-eight years, died to-day aged 72
years. The deceased was a retired capi
talist and a prominent Mason.
TENNIS PLAYERS
SCORE TRIUMPHS
CORBETT SHOWS
TO ADVANTAGE
Sporting Tournament at
Santa Barbara Great
Success.
Ex-Champion Continues
Strenuous Work at
Alameda.
Does Twelve Miles on the
Road With the Great
est 'Ease.
Yacht Races Are Postponed
Because of the Lack
of Wind.
Those who have witnessed James J.
Corbett going through his training work
at Croll's Gardens In Alameda are im
pressed with the enthusiasm and snap
which characterize all of the ex-cham
plon's exercising. Whether it be In the
gymnasium. In the ring or on the road,
the big actor-boxer is always setting the
pace. Some of Jim's friends do not be
lieve such a strenuous method of train-
Ing best for Corbett, but the latter says
with supreme confidence, "I Know myself.
You can trust me to do the risht turn
by Jim Corbett."
Jeffries* next opponent put In an hour
In the morning yesterday working In hla
gymnasium, wrestling with Yank Kenny
and going through shadow exercises with
Sam Berger. He did not don the gloves
at all. In his gymnasium attire Corbett
tipped the scales at 1S4 pounds. He ex
pects to go in the ring at about this
weight or heavier. In the afternoon Jim.
with Jimmle Britt, who arrived at Croll's
yesterday; Kenny, Berger and Tom Cor
bett, did twelve miles on the road with
ease. Brltt was right up with the bunch
all the time and is in excellent fettle at
the outset of his training, which he will
do In Alameda, for his fight with Jack
O'Keefe.
SANTA BARBARA, July 14— Several
hundred people witnessed tho cor, tests
between the champion tennis players ot
the coast to-day on the Potter courts. At
yesterday's play, which was the first ot
the two weeks' series of the midsummer
tournament, some most sensational play-
Ing was witnessed and to-day Interest
centered In the battle between the tennis
champions, for which valuable trophies
are offered.
The yacht races, which were to hav«
been the main feature to-day, were post
poned because there was not sufficient
wind, a condition which local skippers de
clare to be the first time within their
recollections at this season. Indications
are favorable for a breeze to-morrow,
however, and the first try for the citi
zens' tophy and several other cups put uj>
by clubs and individuals will be made.
Races are scheduled for every day of the
two weeks' tournament. While the
yachts were unable to cover the coursa
to-day several races between smaller
craft were pulled off successfully.
In the open pleasure boat class Ariel Jr.
won first prize, making the course In on«
hour and thirty-nine minutes. In th«
fish-boat class Skipper won. Four
yachts crossed the line for the yacht cup
as follows: Katrina of Santa Monica. Ve
nus of San Pedro, Ariel of Santa" Barbara
and Daisy of Ventura. Half of the first
leg was made under favorable conditions,
all the boats being bunched, but the wind
died out before they reached the first
station. These same boats, together with
three others, will start to-morow.
The tennis play was as follows: Ladles'
singles— Miss Dobbins, Alhainbra, beat
Miss Garland. Nordhoff. 6-3, 6-4: Miss
Seymour, Redondo. beat Mrs. Hendricks.
Los Angeles, 6-3, 6-3; Miss Violet Sutton.
Pasadena, beat Miss Shoemaker, Lo*
Angeles, by default, 6-1. Miss Shoemaker
sprained an ankle and the match was
called off. Men's singles — Overton beat
Carter, 6-0 6-1; Alfonso Bell bcat^T Don
nell, 6-3, 6-3; Albert Spauldlng beat Dr.
Seager. San Francisco, 6-1, 3-fi. 6-2; Ar
thur Bell beat Harry Fuller, 6-1, 6-1;
Freeman beat Spaulding, 6-2, 6-1.
DEER SEASON TO OPEN
IN THIS STATE TO-DAY
to Go to Mountains in Pur
suit of Big Game.
Sportsmen Are Making Preparations
The deer season will open In this State
to-day and the hearts of hundreds of
sportsmen will be made glad. The event
has been anxiously looked forward to by
numerous huntsmen throughout the State
and It will be a signal for them to take to
the wilds as fast as possible.
Many of the most prominent hunters In
this city have already left for the moun
tains in Medocino and Lake counties,
where deer are reported to be plentiful.
Others will wait for a few weeks ere
they start, but it Is safe to predict that
the district where the game Is to be found
will be thronged with sportsmen before
very long.
Reports from Lake and Mendodno coun
ties, the great deer districts, are to the
effect that the hunting will be excep
tionally good this year. The Country Club
and other prominent organizations have
already arranged for hunting trips and
large parties will soon be on the road to
the mountain?.
BLACKPOOT. Idaho. July 14.— Th* 8nak#
R , lVe J, XSi'S^, Sutar Company, with a captral
of Sl.OOO.COO. was organized to-day. Ths
purpose Is to «e« a beet sugar plant near
Blackfoot at a cost of WC0.C00. Eastern cap
italists are financing the enterprise.
BISLET, England. July 14.— Captain H.
M. Bell of the Second Regiment of New
Jersey and Private Cook of the First
Regiment of the District of Columbia
were the only Americans who competed in
the rifle shooting to-day. Both secured
minor prizes in the., competition at 1000
and 1100 yards for a prize of $240. offered
by Major Edge. Lieutenant Rankln won
with an aggregate of 127 out of a possible
130. Captain Bell secured a score of 122
and Private Cook 121.
American Riflemen "Win Prizes.
NEW YORK. July 14.— Not a race but
a sail-stretching trial was the purpose of
to-day's spin of the two Shamrocks down
along the Jersey coast. Shamrock III
had just bent on a new suit of sails, with
Increased area afforded by her tallest
mast, and Designer Fife wanted to
stretch the new duck before a set race.
All the time the boats were out it looked
squally and for half an hour before tho
trial was abandoned the boats had a
windy thresh before a flfteen-knot breeze
that ironed the wrinkles In the sails. Sir
Thomas expects to give the boats a sail
over a set course to-morrow.
Designer Pife Stretches the Yacht's
New Sails in a Fifteen-
Knot Breeze.
CHALLENGER TAKES A SPIN
ALONG THE JERSEY COAST
WADDELL IS PITCHING
REMARKABLY GOOD BALL
Establishes New Becord by Striking
Out Fourteen Men in Game
at Philadelphia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 14.— New York took the
last game of the series by timely and heavy
hitting. McGlnnlty and Stelnfeldt ran into
each other In the seventh Inning and both were
knocked unconscious. They afterward gamely
resumed their work. Attendance 3200. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 11 2
New York 10 6 2
Batteries — Phillips and Pellz; McGlnnlty and
Warner. Umpire — CDay.
ST. LOUIS. July 14.— Philadelphia won In a
close game. In the first inning the Phillies
batted McFarland out of the box, scoring four
runs and practically winning the game. Milce
O'Neill, who succeeded McFarland. only al
lowed four hits In the eight Innings h« pitched.
Attendance 1300. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 7 2
Philadelphia 3 6 1
Batteries— M. O'Neill, McFarland and J.
O'Neill; Duggleby and Zlmmer. Umpire —
Moran.
CHICAGO, July 14.— Wicker won his own
game to-day in the twelfth Inning by smashing
a liner .straight at Doyle too hot to handle.
The hit scored Harley, who had led oft with a
clean single and reached second on a neat s-ac
riflce by Kline Attendance 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago .'...' 2 6 3
Brooklyn 1 6 O
. Batteries — Wicker and KUng; Jones and Rlt
ter. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, July 14.— After Ryan had
tripled and Clark had singled, tying; the score
In the ninth inning, two errors and a single In
the tenth gave to-day's game U» St. Louis.
Both pitchers did good work, the support ac
corded them by their respective teams figuring
largely in the result, Attendance 900. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 2 6 3
St. Louis 4 8 0
Batteries — Orth and Drill; Slevers and Sug
den.
BOSTON, July 14. — The fcor^e team lost a
bitterly contested twelve-inning game to Cleve
land to-day. Honors were about even between
Dlneen and Moore. Both teams fielded bril
liantly. Rain prevented the second game,
which had been arranged. Attendance 11,700.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 1O O
Cleveland 4 lo 1
Batteries — Dlneen and Crlger; Moore and
Bemis.
PHILADELPHIA. July 14.— Waddell estab
lished a new record to-day by striking out
fourteen men. Every man of the Chicago
team with the exception of Slattery was retired
on strikes one or more times. Isbell going out
In that manner each of his four times at bat.
and Jones fanning three times. White pitched
good ball, but three hits In the second inning,
two of them doubles, gave the locals two runs.
Attendance 4400. Score:
R. II. E.
Chicago o 7 2
Philadelphia 2 9 o
Batteries — White and Slattery: Waddell and
Schreck. ¦¦. -4--
NEW YORK. July 14.— New York defeated
Detroit in the tenth inning of an Interesting
game. Green's double and Looms' wild throw
bringing in the winning run. Griffith was hit
hard In the first inning, but afterward held
the visitors well In hand. Ilia home run
drive, scoring Bevllle ahea<l of him In the
fourth, saved the game for New York. Attend
ance 3100. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 11 l
Detroit 4 10 2
Batteries — Griffith and Seville; Kltson and
Buelow.
American Yacht Defeats the Khaki.
COPENHAGEN, July 14.— Seventy yachts
participated, to-day In ,the races of the
Royal Yacht Club regatta, now proceeding
here. R. W. Goelefs thirty-foot sloop
Swan won the race for fourth-class
yachts, beating the Swedish yacht Khaki
over a triangular course of twenty miles
by over three minutes. The times were:
Swan, 4:56:10: Khaki, 4:50:33. A heavy
sea was running and there was a strong
wind. '
STOUT-HEARTED CLAUDE ADDS CANADIAN DERBY TO HIS LONG STRING OF VICTORIES
UNION, Mo.. July ; 14.— Joseph Smith, aged
41 years. Is in jail, here, charged with the
murder of his half-brother. John Rhodes, aged
26. whom, he shot at their home fifteen miles
from Union. The aged mother of the two men
Mrs. Eliza. Rhodes, . lying ll» in the next, room!
sat up In bed when she' heard the shot and
then fell back, dying Instantly.
" -¦•¦. /
VIENNA. July 14.— Terrible reports are
arriving here of the devastation caused
by floods in various parts of the coun
try. The worst storm in many years
broke "over Marlenbad last night and
stopped, all traffic. Hundreds of visitors
to the fashionable Spa were compelled to
take refuge in the restaurants and pass
the night en tables. and chairs, as it. was
impossible for them to return to their
homes, r.,':
Floods Devastate Austria.
NAPA, July 14.— Elmer ,and Charley
Ellsworth, aged 9 and 15 years, respect
ively, the sons of E. Ellsworth, a well
known farmer of this place, were drown
ed in Napa River this afternoon. The
two boys with four other young com
panions were swimming in the river. El
mer got out into deep water and com
menced to sink. The boys went to his as
sistance and he threw his arms around
Charley's neck and dragged him down
with him. It was several hours before
the bodies were recovered.
Boys Drowned, in River.
DETROIT, Mich.. /July 14.— John H.
Keys is dying at St. Mary's Hospital from
Injuries received this , afternoon as the
result" of slipping ] in , front of a -rapidly
moving street car. He is said to be a
fornfer wealthy citizen of Los Angeles,
Cal. He has lived a retired life In De
troit, however, since last October.
LOS ANGELES. ¦?. July 14.— John : H.
Keys/reported dying in Detroit, was not
a wealthy Los Angeles man. There are
several'; families of that name ; here, but
they say they, do not know him.
Detroit.
Mystery Surrounds the Identity of
Man Who Is Dying in ;
STEPS IN FRONT OF CAR
AND IS FATALLY INJURED
The opinion. lt v ls stated, was written
a month ago and (since that time the Su
preme Court has decided the Scott case.
The board has therefore decided to re
quest the Attorney General to furnish an
other opinion In line with the decision of
the court.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— At the meet-
Ing of the State Board of Equalization
to-day tho Question of the merger of tho
San Mateo Electric Railroad with the
United : Railroads of San Francisco was
discussed, the board holding that the
merger gave them Jurisdiction to assess
the whole system, as '. running into two
counties. They requested an opinion from
the Attorney General, but he declined to
give a decided opinion, as the matter was
before the Supreme Court in the case of
the San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
'way vs. Scott, and action taken on his
advice. If contrary to the decision .of the
court when announced, would be disas
trous.
Equalizers Discuss the Matter of
the Merger of the San Fran
cisco Roads.
BOARD WANTS VIEWS
OF ATTORNEY GENERAL
Spokane 0 2 0 1 2 1 0 1 x— 7 ?i E i
Seattle 101000000—2 9 3
Batteries— Carney and Hansen; Maupln and
Stanley. Umpire— Huston.
Butte 05000002 0— 7 if •>
Tacoma 00200001 1 4 10 4
Batteries— Roach and Swindells; St. Vraln
and Byers. Umpire— Mahaftey.
SPOKANE. Wash., July 14.— By bunching
their hits when hits meant runs Spokane de
feated Seattle to-day in a fast game. Both
pitchers were hit freely, but the Indians hit
Mavpln at opportune moments, while Carney
kept the hits scattered. Attendance. 1000.
R IT P*
Salt Lake 6200015 1 0—15 14 i
Los Angeles. . .03002000 0 — 5 10 6
Batteries — Miller, Quick and Anderson; Hil
debrand and Harlow. Attendance, 800.
TACOMA. Waah., July 14.— A pair of two
sackers, two singles, two bases on balls and
two errors' gave Butte five runs In the second
Inning to-day and a lead which was never
overcome. In the ninth the locals had the
bases full and a fine chance to win out but the
necessary hits could not be found, although
Roach forced In one run with his only ba«e on
balls. Attendance. 1100. Score:
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 14.— Salt Lake
walked away with the Initial game of the se
ries with Los Angeles by heavy and consecu
tive hitting. The home team practically won
the game in the first Inning, when four hits
and a bunch of errors resulted In six runs.
Score :
HELENA. Mont., July 14.— Helena lost the
first game to San Francisco to-day. Pfeister
was more effective than Puttmann and the er
rors of the locals meant runs. Score:
R. II. E.
San Francisco. 20020131 0 — 9 13 4
Helena ' 000012000—3 8 4
• Batteries — Pfeister and Zearfoss; Puttmann
and Carrisch.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L: Pet. W. L. Pet.
Butt© 49 28 .030 San Fran 40 39 .509
Los Angeles. 47 "2 .093 Tacoma 32 45 .410
Spokane 44 33 .571 Salt Lake... 5 8 .385
Seattle 42 35 .545 Helena 28 40 .3S0
PFEISTER IN GOOD FORM.
Outpitches Puttmann in the Opening
- Game at Helena.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Washington — Robert Barry. Carrollton, as
signor one-half to D. J. Finn, Portland, log
ging spool; John R. Flood, W. D. Sawyer and
A. D. Campbell, Spokane, electrical water
level indicator, recorder and alarm; George R.
MacDonald. 8eattle, miners' crate; Thomas
Park, Darrington, automatic loading devices;
Charles H. Taylor,- Seattle, mechanism for pro
pelling and steering vessels; Frank A. Colwell
Oakesdale, safety nipple. '
Oregon — Thomas H. Curtis, Astoria, rafting
dog; Evan W. Jones, Portland, under feed me
chanical stoker for fire chambers or furnaces.
etc.; Edward E. Redfleld. Grants Pass, as
signor to Ashland Iron Works, Ashland, drag
saw frame. / •-¦••:
California — Charlea F. ¦ Axelson, assignor,
one-half to G. A. Axelson. Los Angeles, rod;
Charles C. Black, Healdsburg, chair; Joseph
A. Bridges. San Francisco, safety clutch for
elevators; Ezra D. Dennlson, Stockton, petro
leum burner for furnaces; Rufus H. Dorn, Los
Angeles, miter box; William G. Dougal. as
signor to W. W. Montague & Co., San Fran
cisco, mail box; Harry Hansob, Los Angeles,
¦and F. L. Dwight. Blsbee. Ariz., safety chair
for mining cages: Lewis P. Harvey, assignor
three-fourths to W. Leach and E. S. Hough.
Oakland, and J. Dickie, San Francisco, freight
barge; Peter II. Jackson, San Francisco, lock
ing attachment for sidewalk elevator doors;
Eduart A. Krebs, Oxnard, washer; Jean B. A.
Lajeuneese, Alameda, weather strip; Hans A.
Miller. Crockett, domestic boiler; James S.
Phllpott, assignor one-half to G. A. Nalley,
Windsor, acetylene gas generator: Frank W.
Rathbune. assignor to G. Dallamore, San Fran
cisco, sewer gas and backwater trap and tide
and flushing gate; William Saunders, Oakland,
loose leaf binder; Peter C. Zenor, San Fran
cisco, nut lock; George W. Stevens, San Fran
cisco, fruit carrier; John B. Tupper. assignor
one-half to Leppert & Hahn, San Francisco,
pipe wrench; Charles R. Twltchell and W. E.
Brown, assignors to Brown Wlnsley, Los An
geles, machine; Lester F. Washburn, San Fran
cisco, carbureter; Burt H. Willsle. Redding,
bag holder; Susan C. Wolfskin, Winters, baby
buggy: George A. W. and J. H. L. Folkers,
San Francisco, device tcr sharpening saws.
Navy orders — Lieutenant A. Bronson Jr. is
detached from the Constellation and goes to
Marc Island, for examination for promotion,
thence to the 'Wheeling; Lieutenant J. L.
Stlcht Is detached from the Wheeling and re
turns home to await orders.
Army orders — Contract Dental Surgeon S.
W. Hassey goes from the Department of Cali
fornia to St. Paul, Minn.; the leave of ab
sence granted Second Lieutenant Ernesc S.
Wheeler, artillery. Department of California,
lsextended one month; Captain William W.
Harts, engineer corps, goes to Ban Francisco
to relievo Captain Robert P. Johnston as sec
retary and disbursing officer of the California
Debris Commission. The previous order as
signing Captain Jay J. Morrow to this duty Is
revoked. Captain Morrow on his arrival in the
United States will proceed to this city.
These patents were issued to-day:
WASHINGTON. July 14.— Postoffice estab
lished: California— Huntington Beach. Orange
County. Walton C. Smith, postmaster. Post
office to be discontinued July 31 — Lake Greno,
Lasfen County, mall goes to .Milford. Post
masters commissioned: California — Richard A.
Green, Alliance; Jasper A. Mansfield. Gordo.
Captain Harts, Engineer Corps, Is
Appointed Secretary of the Cali
fornia Debris Commission.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
R. H. E.
Portland 140 10000 x— tt 9 2
Oakland 0 00 102 00 0—3 0 »
Batteries — Thlelman and Hess; Graham and
Gorton. -. :-:;.,
R. H. E.
Seattle 10 0 0 10 10 0—3 10 ;J
Los Angeles 0 0 0 12 10 5 0—0 13 3
Batteries — Carrlck and Boettiger; Gray and
Spies. Umpire — McDonald.
PORTLAND, July 14.— Oakland lost the first
game of the series to-day to Portland by play-
IriR the rankest kind of ball in the first two
Innings. Graham was hit four times in the
second, and by the aid of numerous errors all
the runners scored. After that they settled
down and 'Portland scored only once more.
Thtelman. Portland's twlrler, kept the vlsltoto
guessing all through the game, striking out
eleven men. Score:
Los Angeles Team Wins Easily by
Score of 9 to 3.
SEATTLE, July 14. — The locals played
wretchedly in the field to-day and the visitors
won easily. Score:
SEATTLES BUNCH ERRORS.
Stolen bases — Meany, Leahy. Lynch, Kfjan.
Krrors— Sheehan. Pabst. Two- base hits — Casey.
Sheehan. Hildebrand, Egan, Graham. Sacrifice
hit — Townsend. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1, Sacramento 1. First base ori
called balls — Oft Hodson 4, oft Brown 4. Left
on bases — San Francisco 11. Sacramento 5.
Struck out — By Brown 8. Double play — Del
mas to Shay to Pabst. Time of game — One hour
and 40 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 — 4
Base hits 12 1 0 ,1 0 1 3 2 — 11
San Francisco 0 0 0 00000 0 — O
Base hits 0 10 0 112 2 0— 7
In nearly every inning of the game San
Francisco had chances to get runs, but
the baserunners were dopey and the bat
ters could not hit. so there was little do
ing. The only bright feature of the exhi
bition was the hitting of Charley Gra
ham. Out offour times up he slammed
out as many Hits. The score:
San Francisco— Sacramento—
AH. R. II. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay.s... 5 0 15 5 Casey, 2b. 4 0 2 4 1
Meany.rf. 4 0 1 .1 0 Hldbnd.lf 4 0 110
Irwin.Sb. 3 0 0 1 2 McLhn.rf 3 0 0 10
Leahy.c. 4 0 1 1 GEgan.s.. 3 0 13 4
Pabst.lb. 3 0 0 10 0 Twnsd.lb 3 0 0 0 1
Lynch, if. 4 0 12 0; Shehn.Sb 2 110 3
Krug.cf. . 4 0 3 3 O.Doyle.cf. 4 114 0
Dlmas,2b 4 0 0 4 2 Orahm.e. 4 14 5 2
Hodson.p 2 0 0 0 0 Brown.p. 4 110 0
•Herr.... 1 0-000
Totals 31 4 11 27 11
Totals 34 0 7 27 15
•Batted for Hodson In ninth.
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The game was one of those matter-of
fact, stereotyped sort of exhibitions
which are never known to arouse the en
thusiasm of the fan. From the first in
ning on it happened in the same old way,
and not a single exciting or interesting
play occurred to arouse the bleacherites
during the progress of the game.
\ The first Senatorial tally came In the
seventh.when a couple of hits by Shee
han and Graham brought in a run. Then
there was a lapse of activity till the
eighth, when the Senators began to tmich
up Hodson rather lively. Three consecutive
hits, a fly to right field by McLaughlin, a
steal by "Truck" Egan and a bad throw
to second by Tommy Leahy had their ef
fects and three Senators came sprinting
over the rubber. ¦ ¦
. The home team displayed a wonderful
faculty for- slumbering on the bags at
Oakland yesterday afternoon, and in con
sequence, when the time for making 1 runs
arrived, none of the players was there.
The Senators got busy enough to make
four, but had they been a little more
fleet of foot they could have accumulated
several more. '_.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. I -W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. 59 &} .041 Oakland ..,.42 60 .412
Sacramento .55 30 .583 Seattle 35 54 .393
San Fran.... 55 42 .567 Portland ...33 53 .334
BTAXDIXO OF THE CLUB3.
Claude got a great reception when he
came back to the stand and Jockey Daly
was yoked with a floral horseshoe. The
elder Daly carried the flowers up to the
grand stand, where women tore tho em
blem to pieces for bouquets.
Sir Gallant, which also was well liked,
jumped out In front at the fall of the flag
and got a- lead of five lengths. This he
kept until the far turn, where Claude,
which had been striding along easily, set
sail for the $3000 purse. Reservation
awakened, too. and when the field turned
Into the stretch it was a duel between
Claude and Reservation. Munro gave the
Hendrle horse a nice ride and 1 brought
him up to Claude's withers, but Johnny
Daly brought the whip down on his
father's candidate just twice and Claude
went under the wire a handy winner by
a length.
BUFFALO, N. Y., July 14.— The sixth
renewal of the Canadian Derby was won
at Fort Erie to-day by M. J. Daly's
Claude, the Lissak colt, which has al
ready to his credit the California, St.
Louis and Cumberland Derbies and had
finished second In the great American
Derby, in. which he carried top weight.
Claude was well weighted in to-day's
race, his Impost being 127 pounds. An
early morning rain had made the track
muddy, but as all tracks look alike to the
Daly colt the bookmakers never laid bet
ter than 1 to 2 against him. The second
choice was ' William Hendrie's Reserva
tion, whose stronghold is mud, and many
played him to beat the horse with . the
Derby habit, thinking that the distance,
a mile and a quarter, was not enough for
Claude.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Carries Heavy Impost on a
Muddy Track at
; v Port Erie.
Senators Land on Hodson's
Gfferings in Second
and Eighth.
Fourth Classic Placed to
the Credit of Daly's
Colt.
Uncle's Men Out of
Form on Bases and
With the Bat.
SON OF LISSAK
SCORES HANDILY
WHITE COATING
FOR HOME TEAM
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, WEDKESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
LONDON'. July 14.— The American marks
men who competed at Blsley were much grat
ified to receive President Roosevelt's cable
message conveying his hearty congratulations
on their victory In the shooting for the Palma
trophy. i
DKNVEIt. Colo.. July 14.— Cards were Issued
to-d«y announcing the wedding of John Vance
Cheney of Oilr-ajio and Miss Sara. Barker
ChambJin. which took place quietly at Denver
Ian Saturday, and was not made known
Until to-day
SAVANNAH, Ga.. July 14.— Near East
man, a mob of farmers lynched Ed Claus,
a negro, charged with having attacked a
white girl. .SOgKA
Farmers Lynch a Negro.
8
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful' pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'j^^^mwS/A ¦99 aSB j559r vffiy ff Jy _affj $3
"^^T —MILWAUKEE— *
VtJ 1 ? e f arl J r . d *>' 1 8 , of Blats brewing the height ot beer perfection was \
' T! k . v h mdl To maintain this standard— to brew that self-same
good beer without variation in flavor or quality became a fixed Blatx ambi-
bo?tl < .f7- ry »i f " f f om "elation of hops and barley to the filling of the
home science. At Clu* or Caf a or Delivered la Bottles to tHo
BLATZ MALT-VIVIMF * Non-Intoxicant-For Tonic Purposes.
i *•• '"*? *^ Druggists. - ;
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
0 F r °QC«»co. Telephone Main 1646. Wholesole D«o:«r»Alcatraz Island was the scene of a de
lightful hop last evening, given by the
officers of the Thirteenth Infantry In
honor of the officers of the Seventh In
fantry and their wives. The invitations
were not entirely confined to army circles
and a number of prominent San Francis
cans were numbered among the guests.
The steamer MacDowell conveyed the
guests to and from the island, returning
to the city about midnight.
Among the guests were General and
Mrs. Warfleld, Captain Emerson Warfleld,
Miss Kathyrn Robinson, George Beards-
certain Eastern people who will make
every endeavor to locate the Woods
through certain Information imparted In
that letter. The letter might be a ruse to
throw us off the track, but I am trying
to avoid? any such deception. At the
present time I have not located the
Woods."
After the ceremony the couple received
congratulations and an elaborate supper
was served. Mr. and Mrs. Crozier left
last evening on a brief wedding trip, af
ter which they will reside In this city.
The groom is a rising young business
man and associated with the firm of
Baker & Hamilton in this city.
A pretty home wedding occurred last
evening, with Miss Edith Duke and Har
ry P. Crozier as principals. The home of
the bride's mother, Mrs. M. E. Duke, 790
Grove street, was the scene of the nup
tials. The Rev. Dr. Eldredge of St. John's
Presbyterian Church performed the cere
mony in the presence of 150 invited guests.
The couple stood in the bay-window,
which was converted Into a bower of foli
age for the occasion. The bride was
charming In a creation of -white satin
with lace and filmy bridal veil. She car
ried Bride roses. " Her only attendant
was Miss Ed!th Boyce. H. W. Crozier,
brother of the groom, was best man. Rob
rrt Duke, brother of the bride, gave her
Into the keeping of the. groom.
HAPPY COUPLE
ARE UNITED AT
HOME WEDDING
OAKLAND, July 14.— The election
of the Board of Missions and
Church Extension Work consum
ed the greater part of the aft
ernoon session of the- German
Lutheran Conference to-day. The follow
ing members of the synod were elected:
Rev. J. H. Theiss^of Oakland, Rev. J..
H. Schroeder of San Francisco and Ed
win Meese.. a member of the City Coun
cil of Oakland. Rev. G. Bernthal, the
first vice president of the synod, was ap
pointed advisory member of the board.
After the election the reports of va
rious committees were read, among them
being the report of the auditing commit
tee and the committee on the work of
the conference. The treasurer of the
synod reported that the total Income for
the last year was $10,000. and the total
expenditures $9000, leaving a balance on
hand of $1000.
Professor Pleper of the Concordla Sem
inary, In St. j>ouls, read a report from'
the General Synod- and the affiliated
synods of Germany, Denmark, Aus
tralia and New Zealand, showing that al
though there were as many students at
the various seminaries and colleges as
can be accommodated, the cills for min
isters cannot all be filled.
Rev. J. II. Schroeder, the Pacific Coast
representative of the Board of Missions
of the General Synod, reported that the
work among the negroes In the South
is progressing favorably. He said that
at the present time there, are twenty-four
missions located In North Carolina. Vir
ginia and Louisiana, and twenty-one or
ganized congregations with a membership
of 745.
During the last year a college has been
established In Concord, N. C, to pre
pare colored men for the Lutheran min
istry, and $17,500 had been expended for
the extension of the church work.
The session to-morrow morning will be
devoted to the conclusion of all unfinished
business and In the afternoon there will
be a conference of the new officers of the
synod, k and also a pastors' conference.
The conference will close with a devo
tional service and communion In the even-
Ing. Rev. K. Dennlnger of San Jose will
deliver the confessional service and the
sermon will be preached by Rev. G. Run
kel of Los Angeles.
ley Jr., Miss Maye N Colburn. Miss Elsie
Sperry. Colonel and Mrs. Rice, Captain'
and Mrs. D. I-. Howell. Miss Adah/
Howell, Captain Foote. Lieutenant Smith.
Lieutenant W. F. Jepson, Lieutenant
Kerst, Mrs. Maus, Miss Maus, Miss Edna
MIddleton. Miss Bull, Mrs. McClure. Miss
Hobbs. Lieutenant Knox. Lieutenant
Bash, Lieutenant Cralgle, Lieutenant Ter
ry, Lieutenant Stewart, Lieutenant and
Mrs. E. K. Maosee. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Feeter, Miss Johnston and Miss Coffin.
Miss Marie Voorhles is the guest of
Miss Florence Ives at San Jose.
Mrs. A. S. Baldwin Is entertaining her
sister, Mrs. J. B. Wright of Sacramento.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Beedy (nee Hosmer)
have returned from their wedding trip
and are residing at Washington and De
visadero streets. .
Mr. Fred Greenwood Is at the Vendome,
San Jose, at present.
Miss Bernle Drown was hostess at a
small tea yesterday afternoon. Among
those asked to come Informally were Mrs.
John Clark, Miss Charlotte Elllnwood,
Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Lucy King. Miss
Wilson, , Mrs. Gus Costlgan, Mrs.
Keyes, Mrs. Boardman and Mra. Silas
Talmer. •' *%---.
CLEVELAND. July 14.— Mrs. Delight Pren
tlss. wife of F. F. Prentlss. a wealthy manu
facturer of this city, committed suicide, in the
apartments of the couple at the New Am
sterdam Hotel to-day by drinking carbolic add.
Mrs. Prentlss had been in poor health for a
long tlm«. ,•¦- ¦• - - ••-•
TOPEKA. Kans., July 14.— One squad of
Eastern college and high school students
which started from Topeka to the harvest
fields of Ness County yesterday failed to
reach the destination to which It was as
signed by the State employment director.
The train on which the students were
traveling reached the little town of Otis,
on the line between Barton and Rush
counties, this morning shortly after day
light. It was boarded there by a party of
wheat growers, who were determined to
have harvest hands at any cost. The
students were asleep, but the farmers
awoke them and asked their errand in
the country. When told that the men
were harvesters the farmers forced them
to leave the train. Several of the young
men were willing to get off at Otis, but
some of those who had promised the em
ployment director that they would go to
Ness County were determined to remain
on the train, and athletes among them
made It very interesting for the farmers
for a short time. The farmers fought to
eave their crops, and when the train
moved on the students, barely awakened
and badly disheveled, stood on the plat
form, willing to accept the fortune of war
and go to the harvest fields with their
determined employers.
None of the young men were hurt in
the contest, but several carried pieces of
car furniture which they had torn away
In an endeavor to stay on the train. Had
the young men understood Kansas condi
tions they would have reached their des
tination In Ness County without trouble
by telling the Otis farmers that they
were bound for the mountains and didn't
Intend to work In the harvest fields.
The average Kansas farmer believes he
ha« a light to use all of the available
labor he can find, and has no scruples
against using that which has been con
signed to his neighbor.
Special DUpatch to The Call
Force College Students
to Go to Work in
Their Fields.
FARMERS KIDNAP
HARVEST HANDS
SAN RAFAEL.. July 14.— Even though
•"Dr." John DonaM Woods and Alice Cloy
Wood are fugitives from Justice, and as
jet no direct knowledge is known of
their whereabouts, several letters have
been received by different persons in
various cities throughout the United
Statrs from Mrs. Wood, telling of perse
cution ar..1 alleging that she is not guilty
of any crime. Heretofore these letters
have all been written to friends of the
Woo<is, but now a letter has been re
ceived by the authorities in San Rafael.
-We will fight now legally for justice
end reputation to the bitter end," says
Alice Cloy Wood. "If the people in Ma
rin County want us, J. C. Reed of At
lantic City will bring them to us."
District Attorney Boyd received the let
ter to-day from Mrs. Woods. It is a most
disconnected affair, replete with mis-
KpeSIed words and is almost devoid of
punctuation. It contains some very di
rect and startling allegations. Upon in
vestigation some of the allegations made
are found to be faJse. while others are
true. The letter on the whole gives many
polnti upon which the authorities can
work.
There is rerne question a? to whether
The letter was ever written by Mrs. Woods.
1; was dated at Atlantic City. N.' J.. on
July S and was posted in Jersey City
the jane day at 1:30 p. m. From informa
tion obtained from Chief of Police Sel
dridpe of the Eastern summer resort, the
Woods left there before that date. The
:••.-..: :s written on legal size roanila pa
per ar.d is almost illegible, a? if it had
been written on board a train. In it
Mrs. 'A oods positively asserts that neither
she nor Dr. Woods are criminals, but
assert! they are "creatures of circum
s-tance? and not bad."
CALLS BEST "DECEIVER."
She further proclaims Colonel Best to
have been "a deceiver and not one de
ceived." She claims Colonel Best was
paid 5300 by Woods to get a divorce for
him in Denver, also that the man sup
posed to have been murdered never re
ceived any amount of money while* at
iheir home, but on the contrary borrow
ed money from them on March 31 in or
der to eo to San Francisco. Mrs. Woods
gives information which she claims if the
omcers will follow up will prove her as
sertions axe absolutely correct. She tells
of Colonel Best wanting to marry her and
Bay* she can substantiate this claim by
a letter and telegram from Colonel Best.
The letter is as follows:
James Boyd. E«q.— My Dear Sir: Much
against the advice cf attorneys I write you.
but h*ve nothing to concejU 1 do write io
Eij- thil we are rurprised and shocked and
heart broken at the treatment of the Bests
puts it mildly. Our only request la that you
do act give :h:s for publication. It is not pub
l.city. but justice we ask. Marin County may
Dot be proud of us as residents, but Marin
< "ounty has no crime against us. Our sin was
in following the guidance of Colcnel Best, who
tlaimed to hive received a divorce for Dr.
Wood and myeelf in Denver. Col., received
1300 tor fafflf. This divorce, we now discover.
ni r.evcr granted. (Letters in this envelope
and telegrams with Reed prove all this.) I
• *¦.. ;rove by letters with Reed and telegrams
that the brother and eirter etory was his plot,
cur sia in carrying It out. Beet was not de
«-lved, but a deceiver. Ask Minnie Maghetti
:f he didn't tell h*r he nurwd me as a babe.
He claimed to be a. widower over twenty
) • ar"-. Implored me In person and letters
if> marry him. Minnie knows all this. Dr.'
¦U'cod never gave him any medicine, except
one dose of brandy — that waa in the beginning.
Dr. Jones called. Mild cut brandy out, and It
rvar done. Dr. Wood did not see Colonel Best
until hours after Dr. Jones. was first called, as
L»r. J. will testify.
APPEAL FOB, JUSTICE.
If Mmnte Magh^ttl told you Best complained
on the night of March 31, ehe will, on ques
tioniag. correct it. He returned from San
Fran in the rain in the afternoon, as oth
*r* who were in the house will testify. Ate a
hearty dinner, went to bed or his room about
8 o'clock. I never heard of him or any one
until early the next a. m.. when I heard a
Ftrange nolne at my door, and on attempting to
open it found Minnie Maghetti was trying to
untie the doer, which she had tied the night
before, to April fool us. She had a note.
« Vilonel Best had called and wan sick, and had
¦eat a note to me. That note I rave to Wil
liam E. Be*t. You obtain it. and nee if my
Ftory is nrrt tru». He lied to us. He robbed
us for other?. 1 have sinr* learned. The story,
of *tojen goods you can obtain from Mr. Reed.
KyQ.. Atlantic City, N*. J. They came and
pecrched and four.d a grip the colonel had
riven me. Our claim to it was established by
fci«s letters.
Thie treatment riven us by Alfred Best Is to
keep from psyiris what be owe* us. Revenge —
et the expend of our health. \V> cared for
th*ir dying fathf-r. Better care no one ever
had. That we can tlear ourselves of all
th^rse* there le no question, but the expense,
the awful nervous Ftraln. is one to be dreaded
All I ask if that you weigh well all thinrs be
fore you act — and should you deem it Impossi
ble to i«-ue warrant*. I will forward you all
letter* and telegrams to prove <>>lonel Best was
not deceived but deceived. Auk Mr. and Mn>
Robert Hickmott if they did not meet Colonel
Best on the train the day he came and Mid he
looked to bad they did not know him. Ask
Hugh Oakay cf Denver !f he did not write me
bt wa* not surprised, owing to hi« nen-ou«
r.eyF. Ark Dr. Jon>* if h«- did not tell him he
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Alleged Wife of the Missing
Doctor Advises the
Authorities.
"Whether or not the letter is genuine I
don't know at this time. For the pres
ent, however.- I will admit it; is. I am
sow la telegraphic communication with
OFFICERS INVESTIGATE
District Attorney Boyd has acted upon
Mrs. Woods' "instructions" and has de
tectives working upon various details
contained in the long epistle. Minnie
Maghetti was interrogated closely upon
all matters contained in the letter which
prrtained to her. To Detective de Pue
the girl stated that most of the things
claimed* in Mrs. Woods' letter and which
p.he was supposed to be posted upon were
false. Miss Maghetti, however, admitted
that Colonel Best did tell her he felt un
well on April 1 . and told her not to say
anything to Mm. Woods about It. In an
Interview to-night Dr. Jones said:
"No. I was not the first to minister to
Colonel Best. Dr. Woods did that before
I got there. I do not remember whether I
said to "Cut the brandy out" or not. I
do recall, however. Colonel Best telling
me he had a weakness of the heart about
two years prior, while in Colorado. He
did not tell me h* had evpr had apoplexy.
Woods told me that. Thin case is a most
extraordinary one. There are some ex
tremely peculiar features about the whole
matter. I cannot get head nor tail out of
It. Some things the Woods told me I
found out later to be absolutely false,
while since the expose I have learned
facts that might show the Woods to be
not as radically wrong as is presumed."
Robert Hickmott and his wife both ab
solutely deny that they even told Colonel
Best he looked ill. In an interview at his
home in Ross Valley to-night Mr. Hick
mott said:
"The assertion that we told Colonel
Best he looked ill is not true. He looked
the picture of health when we saw him on
the train. The Woods have been lying so
much all their lives that they must keep
it up now. The Woods., woman did tell me
she was more than a sister to Woods, but
explained it by saying he had been so
kind and noble to her during her befeave
ment All her other assertions are pal
pable lies."
District Attorney Boyd has wired to de
tectives in the East to look up John C.
Reed at Atlantic City. Through Reed the
whereabouts of the Woods . might - Be
found out. Mr. Boyd said to-night:
K. B. — Letters acknowledged ¦ by Alfred and
Fumner Best to have been written by their
father proving he gave me the grip. The only
articles of his we have or know anything about
axe now In the hands of John C. Reed of At
lantic City. N. J- Ask the Hlckmotts If I did
not frequently make the assertion that Dr.
Woods was more than a brother to me. Auk
them if I did not tell them at once to investi
gate who 1 was if they were so anxious to
have known. We wer» so sorry we consentexl
to the colonel's deception and gave the story of
brother and eUter. but the colonel pleaded and
begged and said thev would hang him. Ask
the Hlckmotts and Minnie Maghetti if he did
not say he had my grandfather's and father's
will and lived across the street and nursed me
as a baby and had Dr. Woods on the Continent
with him. Ark Mr. Hickmott if be did not
tell him he was a Mason and thus secured a
private letter from Hickmott to learn the ee
cret*; then find if he was a Mason? Did we
make him lie in these things? I have learned
on Investigation the lodge he professed to be
long to never knew him as a Mason. Go to the
Occidental Hotel in San Francisco and see how
often he called me up by phone, begging
me to come to him. He himself told me he
was Judge of United States Supreme Court
and worth millions. Kvery mouthful he ate
was prepared and carried ud io him by one
Japanese cook. Henry Ten»yeke of Frisco. He
wanted to marry me and go to Johnson, Ariz.,
to live, as I can prove by his letters and tele
grams. Think you I deceived him whon I
never knew he had a wife living until his
death? The etory of the money paid by express
1 never beard until they came here. It was not
paid at our house, and hence I did not know
it. If h» had this money paid him, then he
was a villain of deepest dye, for he borrowed
money of roe March 31 to go to Frisco, saying
there he wouM get his check cached by on*
John lJunn. then go to Denver and 'return in
ten <Jay« with Dr. Woods' divorce papers. Dr.
Woods sent him to the Hlckmotts In hopos h*
would tell the truth, for as the time dragged
on th» deception was killing him and he
thought it would b* better to break the en
gagement than deceive the girl. His career Is
a phady one I now know. He fooled me by
claiming to have lived in uncle's house at
Rosevllle. N. J. He t.oM me he knew my
grandparents, and I believed him. Remember,
every word ran be proven by his letters. Grant
ing I fooled him. had he h moral or legal right
to marry me, no matter who I was?
We are creatures of circumstances and not
bad. Go to Western Union Telegraph office
end see if we did not telegraph him not to
tome. Go to Hotaling's and see $15,00 sight
drafts, then to Western Union and see tele
grams saying seed them back. Sorry had to
do it. but did it to iool one Miller of Phila
delphia and Alexander Ross of Denver. We
Jearn now he was a heavy drinker — his actions
shady. His family refusing longer to aid him.
he hoodwinked, borrowed and begged wherever
he could. His own family called him rainbow
chaser. When I tound out his duplicity after
his death I would have shielded him even in
death, but his family would not, fearing, I
guess, they would have my permission to get
all facts from John C. Re*d Ksq., 1321 Atlan
tic avenue, Atlantic City, K. J.
We will flght now legally for justice 'and
reputation to the bitter end. If Marin County
wants us J. C. Reed of Atlantic City will bring
them to us. Thanking you for any kind
thoughts and Justice you may. give us. we
remain yours MRS. CIjOY WOODS.
was stricken two ypars> before at Leadville.
Ask Minnie Maghetti If he was not stricken
downstair* on April 1 with perfect helpneas
on fcis left tide: aslc her if he did not tell her
twice the day before In San Francisco he was
unconscious fur a few moments. lor not to teli
us, for we would want him to go to a hospital.
Ask Minnie Maghetti if he did not borrow
money of me while th?re for many things say-
Ing he had only a check, which he could only
get cashed by one John Dunn In San Francisco;
ask her If he did not have three bottles all
marked salyiia. which he said were of <Jirt<y f-nt
strength and which lie Insisted taking against
disorders. He even had Minnie hand them to
him.
Two years ago a thief entered Quillet's
sleeping apartments in the house above
his store and tried to rob him of his cash
box containing $700. but was frightened
off by Guillet's cry for help.
Charles Guillet, who conducts a confec
tionery and ice cream parlor at 906 Lar
kln street, has reported to the police the
fact that his etore was looted by burglars
late Saturday night. The loss to Guillet
amounts to $400 In cash and he has given
up hope of bringing the thieves to justice,
let alone getting back any of the coin.
Guillet makes a practice of closing his
place at about 11 o'clock. Just before
that hour on Saturday night two young
men entered the place and called for some
ice cream soda. Immediately after the
patrons had given their order James
Hall, a former employe of the place, came
in and after a short conversation with
the proprietor asked to be served with
coffee and toast. Mr. Guillet, being alone
at the time, went into the kitchen to pre
pare the order. During his absence the
two young men got up from, their table
and. depositing the amount of their check
on the counter, left the place.
Hall engaged Guillet in conversation
for a while and finally he departed.
Guillet keeps his day's receipts in a
desk until closing up time, when hie de
posits them in the safe. After closing
his store he went to the desk and found
the lock missing. He opened the lid only
to find the desk empty. Gulliet tele
phoned to the police and a detective was
sent to investigate.
Suspicion fell on Hall and the detective
found him in his room with two young
men. They answered the description
given by Guillet and the detective placed
them under arrest. Guillet was notified
and after looking at the men at the pri
son said he could not Identify them, so
they were released.
Three Men Arrested on Sus
picion, but Later
Released.
District Attorney of
Marin Hears From
the Woman.
Rob Confectionery Store
of Pour Hundred
Dollars.
MRS. WOODS
SHEDS LIGHT
IN A LETTER
SNEAK THIEVES
MAKE NEAT HAUL
OREGON CITY. Or.. July 14.— Fire to-ntght
destroyed a portion of the Oregon City Manu
facturing Company's woolen : mills/ the loss of
which 1» about $40,000, and ; Is covered by in
surance. The fire probably slatted through
combuslon in the drier.
The traffic passing through the Suez
Canal has, up to tho present time, been
constantly increasing. The transit re
ceipts for 1901 amounted to 519.515,116 1«
(an increase over 1900 of $1,897.8SS 52). and
were higher than in any previous year
since the opening of the route.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, July 14.— The following mar.
riage licenses were Issued by the County Cleric
to-day: Ollf Peterson, Frultvale. 37. and
Anna Strasburg. Oakland. 29; Patrick J. Mad-
Igan. San Francisco. 30. and. Minnie. O'Leary,
Oakland. 24: Edw'arrt -A. Leer. New . Orleans,
over 21. and Marie Berser. Oakland, over 1*:
Edwanl F. Gannon. 40. and Madge L. Cola,
26. both of Oakland. ¦ . . »
Ah Gong, a Chinese gamtler of 125
Waverly place, was arrpstcd last night
on a warrant charging him with offer
ing a bribe to an officer of the Chinatown
squad. On July 7 Ah Gong approached
Officer Martlen and offered him J»f a.«i
compensation for the privilege of running
a fantan game. Martlen reported 1 thu oc
currence to Corporal Sylvester, who de
tailed Martien and Lambert tr> visit the
place for the purpose of obtaining evi
dence against Ah Gong. On July 10 Ah
Gong offered each of the offiors a bribe
of $2. Corporal Sylvester reported the
facts to Acting Chief Martin.
Alleged Briber Arrested.
They applied at Martinez for a license
with the idea of keeping the matter quiet,
but were refused a license there, owing,
to the fact that they had not taken a copy
of the absolute decree of divorce issued
by Judge Melvin.
There was little time lost in securing
the license here and Justice of the Peace
Quinn made the two one in County Clerk
Cook's private office shortly afterward.
The troubles of the Coles were before the
courts numerous times.
OAKLAND. July 14.— Madge F. Cole,
but two weeks divorced from Grant G.
Cole, with whom she had a varied and
tempestuous matrimonial voyage, was led
to the altar this afternoon by Edward- F.
Gannon.
MRS. MADGE COLE
BECOMES MRS. GANNON
BERKELEY, July 14.— Professor Paul Mon
roe of the department of pedagogy at Columbia
University delivered a lecture this evening for
the benefit of eummer school students In the
Observatory building on "Tire Development d
the Modern School." It was Illustrated by
stereopticon views. % -
Two parties of summer school students maue
the ascent of Mount Tamalpais last Saturday.
One party composed of physical culture stu
dents was led by J. W. Rhodes of the physical
culture department, and the other was an in
dependent venture, the trip being made In the
evening. The moonlight ascent was made by
Miss Bertha Rogers. Miss Louise Smith, Miss
Mabel Coke* Miss Perry. Mlas Downing. Misa
Barret. Miss Anna Ook*. W. W. Harrod. W.
H. Ramsaur. Ben Ramsaur. Ralph Rogers, E.
E. McMann and Ben Macomber.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
This was followed by a programme of
fourteen numbers of dance3. The affair
was one of the most pleasant ever given
by this lodge. It was carried to a suc
cessful issue by the following named:
Commltten of arrangement*— C. Brlnd (chair
man). H. Stern. C. T. Spencer. E. V. Sullivan.
J. Bowman. Reception committee — J. Cunning
ham (chairman). S. Cohen, S. Krmgrn. S.
Isaacs, P. Lazansky. Floor manager — W. R.
Savage. Assistant floor manager 1 — M. L. Stern.
Floor committee — S. W. Lasky, C. R. Heyden,
1L J. Hubbard. F. T. Duncan.
Overture. Samuel's orchestra: introductory
remarks. Past Master Workman C. Brlnd. In
troducing P. G. M. W. D. 8. Hlrsaberg; vocal
selections. Miss LJllle 'Wilson: musical slaigh
bells. "The Palms." Mls# Nellie B. Waters: tha
popular ventriloquist. Al Hazard: vocal selec
tion. Miss Annie Rooney; recitation, E. V.
Sullivan; xylophone solo. S. Samuel; selections.
Columbia Quartet.
Magnolia Lodge No. 41 of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen was twenty
flve years old yesterday and the mem
bers celebrated the event in Golden Gate
Hall last night by an' entertainment and
ball, at which nearly 1200 people were
present The following programme was
presented in the early part of the even
ing:
MAGNOLIA LODGE HOLDS
SILVER ANNIVERSARY
He explained that $27,000 had already
been subscribed for. When bonds to the
amount of $100,000 were taken the lot.
costing $137,600, could be paid for, and
with this as security banks would ad
vance money sufficient to erect the build
ing. The stores of the building, which
the club would rent, would provide an in
come of $1700 a month, a sum sufficient
to meet the Interest on $300,000.
Frank Burke said that the option on
the lot was now worth $10,000.
Dr. Winslow Anderson asserted that
competent architects had estimated that
an Al steel structure of twelve stories
could be constructed for $160,000. The lot
is 70x44 feet.
In. the general discussion there were
many allusions to the growth of San
Francisco and the aspirations of the Un
ion League, but the mention ' of assess
ment seemed to damped the enthusiasm.
As there Is to be an adjourned general
meeting of the club to-morrow at 1:30
p.'m. no definite action on the option pay
ment of $5000 was taken last night: The
sense of tho meeting, however, against
the assessment policy was so obvious that
a resolution was adopted favoring the
organization of • a ; stock company com
posed of club members to carry out the
project for purchasing land and erecting
a building.
THOUSANDS SUBSCRIBED.
The secretary read fifteen letters and
telegrams. Twelve gave ready assent to
the assessment. Three opposed the pol
icy of imposing a load cf debt on the
league. General N. P. Chipman of this
city and Mr. Mlddlecoff of Stockton ex
pressed dissent. In the general discus
sion of the proposed building enterprise
expressions of opinion were elicited by
President George H. Plppy from J. H.
Neff. Judge Hayne, Thomas V. Cator, E.
D. Peixotto, Frank Burke, A. L. Solinsk'y,
Hart North. Edward Coleman. A. H. Vail,
Joseph Spear Jr.. Frank Marston and Dr.
Winslow Anderson. It . was not clear to
the mind of Thomas V. Cator whether
the articles of incorporation would permit
the club to purchase land, erect a build
ing and rent and mortgage Its property.
t.j opposed the assessment policy on the
ground that many of the members fancied
that the first assessment would be the
only one required, whereas, according to
his calculations, successive assessments
would be required to provide means. He
reviewed the plan as set forth by Presi
dent Pippy, which requires the club to
pay $5000 on July 16, 132,500 thirty days
thereafter and $100,000 within one year.
He maintained that one assessment would
not raise money enough, even If the
whole membership responded.' to pay $37.
500, which must be paid within thirty
days, according to the scheme recom
mended by the committee of twenty-five.
President Pippy said that only one as
sessment would be necessary. In his
Judgment a general assessment Identify
ing the entire membership of the league
in the project would render the bonds
gilt edged and enable the club to dispose
of $100,000 of these bonds. Men who were
now willing to take only $1000 of bonds
would double their subscriptions.
EXPRESS OPINIONS.
Every member should attend the meeting
and help the yood work along. Members un
able ts attend will kindly send an expression
of cplnton In the matter either by mail or by
¦wire.
The proposition to assoes members of
the Union League Club for the purpose of
raising money to promote the new build
ing enterprise meets with vigorous re3lst
ance. Several city, suburban and coun
try members threaten to resign. In re
sponse to the following circular, bearing
the signature of President Plppy, sixty
members* of the club assembled last
night:
The club Is coins to have a home of Its own,
cne that every member will be proud of. The
site has been selected, one of the finest In the
city, facing on Union square. Now that we
have progressed thus far the question of
finances must be Immediately considered; to
that end a general meeting of the club has
been called for Tuesday evening. July 14, at S
o'clock, to act en the recommendation of the
committee of twenty-five that an assessment
of ?5O be levied on the city and suburban and
$25 on the State members, payable one-half im
mediately and cne-half In thirty days.
Union League ClubTalks
of Forming Stock
Company.
MEMBERS OBJECT
TO ASSESSMENT
Mrs. Moore states that Mrs. Corrick
took her daughter to the Fresno hospital
and left her on the steps of the institu
tion, although the officials protested that
there was no accommodation for such
cases. Nevertheless they took fcer in and
made her as comfortable as possible. She
claims that Mrs. Bennett was ready and
willing to come to this city, and upon her
arrival they did what they could for her.
After a Consultation it was decided that
the County Hospital was the best place
for her and accordingly she was taken
there by Moore. The baby was kept by
Mrs. Moore and upon the arrival of. Mrs.
Corrick a room was provided for her and
the child. Mrs. Moore maintains that Mrs.
Corrick created several scenes and upon
her return from a visit to her daughter
demanded the baby, which was refused
until Mrs. Bennett so ordered.
Moore, who travels through the State
soliciting subscriptions to carry on his
work in this city, was !n Fresno at the
time, and Mrs. CorTick avers that he re
ceived money from the authorities to take
her daughter out of the county. She al
leges that Moore received permiss^m to
take wife and child to this city, and ac
cordingly carried them away from the
hospital in a hack, against her will. Mrs.
Corrick was at the depot and protested
against taking her daughter away, but no
attention was paid to her. It was under
stood, according to Mrs. 'Corrick, that
Moore had an institution where he could
take care of the woman and baby. On
Saturday she states that she received a
message from, her daughter asking her to
come to this city. Upon her arrival she
found that the baby was at GM'i Wash
ington street and the mother had gone to
the County Hospital.
She went out to see h««r daughter and
upon her return demanded possession of
the baby, which was refused her. She
then notified the police and In company
with an officer went to Moore and got
the child, upon an order from the mother.
Moore Is not in town at the present
time, but his wife stated that her hus
band had been told of the pitlble con
dition of Mrs. Bennett by a Superior
Court Judge of Fresno, who asked him
if in his charitable work in San Fran
cisco he would be able to find some place
for her. Moore was willing to do some
thing for the child wife, and a subscrip
tion was started among the merchants
who had heard of the case and J15 was
raised to defray expenses of the trip.
According to the statements made by
Mrs. G. Corrlck of Fresno, General A. "W.
Moore, at the head of the Army Mission
at 624Va Washington street, is guilty of
forcibly abducting her daughter from
Fresno and placing her in the City and
County Hospital, and attempting to place
Mrs. Corrick's year-old grandchild in a
public institution.
Mrs. Corrick, who arrived In this city
from Fresno Sunday morning. i» at pres
ent residing with friends at 635 Commer
cial street with her grandchild and la en
tirely without means. Her story is to tha
effect that her daughter, who is married
to a .young fellow named Wesley Ben
nett, was deserted by her husband In
Fresno, where they resided, and left with
out means of support. The young wife,
who is only'20 years of age. Is in a deli
cate condition and as her mother was un
able to properly care for her, the county
authorities were asked if she could ba
placed in the hospital during her Illness.
The request was granted by the Super
visors and Mrs. Bennett went to the In
stitution.
Attorney Scott added that Mrs. Shep
herd would not have been given posses
sion of the boy and girl had the father
understood that he was not to see them
frequently. According to the attorney
there is a possibility that Jorgensen will
not be sent back to Denmark. No formal
demand has been made as yet through the
Danish Minister at Washington, the reg
ular official channel, for the fugitive's
extradition. He has been held by United
States Commissioner Heacbck pending
such formality.
Mrs. Shepherd says she took the chil
dren away from the County Jail with the
father's consent. She did not believe their
surroundings were proper.
"I was unwilling to give them up," said
the matron of the Home for the Poor and
Needy, "because I believe they are being
used to compel the mother to put up
money. Of course, when the Danish Con
sul issued his order I recognized his au
thority in the matter and surrendered the
children."
Her reasons for keeping: such tenacious hold
upon the little ones I do not know. The girl
and boy have been placed in Danish families,
one in Alanudn, the other In Berkeley. The
Consul and Jorgensen are thoroughly satisfied.
Mrs. Shepherd Is, to say the least, ill advised
concerning: my attttude toward the children and
toward Mrs. Jorgrensen. I know the mother
wants her children and I also know that they
will be sent home If necessary at the expense
of the Danish Government, whose specific
wards they are. The Government is. In my
opinion, fully competent tc handle this matter.
It is fully advised concerning: the children and
Mrs. Jorgensen. The father is thoroughly con
tent, now that his children are in the hands
of fellow country people. Mrs. Shepherd may
be actuated by the highest motives, but sha
seriously errs In her statements.
This Mrs. Shepherd may be well meaning
enough. She went to the County Jail, took
the children out for the afternoon as the father
and Matron Murdock understood h*r. After
severs! days it was learned she had them in
this home at Alden. For two weeks the father
didn't see his children, to whom he Is most
devoted. At his request an in vest Iff at Ion was
made with the result that not until the Danish
Consul Interfered would Mrs. Shepherd sur
render the children.
Against the charges Attorney Scott, who
is representing Jorgensen and is also in
close touch with the Danish Consul, has
some sharp denials to offer, and, besides,
asks pointedly concerning the interest
Mrs. Shepherd has taken in the foreign
er's children. Scott declares that Jorgen
sen's children are wards of the Danish
Government, that the Danish Consul has
been specifically Instructed from Copen
hagen to care for them, that Mrs. Jorgen
sen is absolutely without means to assist
her husband if she desired, that Mrs. Jor
gensen has not been asked for assistance
and would not assist her straying spouse
if she could, that no matter what disposi
tion is made of the father's case the
Danish Government has directed that the
children be sent home to the mother, and
that such disposition will be made of
them
And, further. Attorney Scott said to
day:
Mrs. Shepherd, who had possession of
the accused defaulting cashier's children
until compelled by Danish Consul Blrk
horrri of San Francisco to surrender them,
declares that Jorgensen's offspring are
being held for ransom by Attorney Scott
ar.d to compel the defaulter's wife in Den
mark to pay his fees In defending Jor
gensen. Mrs. Shepherd Insists that the
attorney has been advised that the aban
doned wife wants the children returned to
.her and that efforts are being made to
induce the mother to part with gold to
have her little ones sent back to her.
Around the heads of little Carla and
Swenton Jorgensen, the children of Julius
Jorgensen, the cashier who fled from Den
mark with pretty Johanne Mueller, his
fellow employe in a Copenhagen institu
tion, has waged a battle that involves the
Danish Government on the one hand and
Mrs. Agnes B. Shepherd, matron of the
Christ's Home for the Poor and Needy,
at Alden, on the other side, with Attorney
J. Christiansen Scott In the breach of the
disturbance
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 14.
Charges Attempt Is Being
Made to Get Coin From
Absent Mother.
Says A. W. Moore Unlaw
ftilly Took Her Daugh-
Matron Shepherd Claims
Defaulter's Offspring
Is Being Used.
Mra Corrick of Fresno
Accuses Head of
Army Mission.
SAYS CHILDREN
ARE HOSTAGES
MAKES CHARGE
OF ABDUCTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIili, WEDNESDAY, JULY V 15, 1903.
Board of Mjssions and Church Extension Work Is Se
lected by the Delegates and Reports of Audit
ing, Finance and Work Committees Are Presented
ELECTION OCCUPIES THE ATTENTION
OF GERMAN LUTHERAN CONFERENCE
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICERS
OF THE GERMAN LUTH
ERAN CHURCH SYNOD. •
9
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four, inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful .pic-
ture for your study.
;;V Highland Cattle' is by that
celebrated Scotch artist; WIL-
LIAM WATSON. /
We take pleasure in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will be
made.
Notice to Subscribers!
POSTT7M CEREAL.
EXPERIMENTS
Learn Things of Value.
Where one has never made the experi-
tsent of leaving off coffee and drinking
PoFtum It is still easy to learn all about
it by reading the experiences of others.
Drinking Postura is a pleasant way to
pet back to health. A man of Lancaster.
Pa., ntys; "My wife was a victim of nerv-
rjfness and weak stomach and loss of
appetite for yesrs and was^ a physical
wrwk; although we resorted to numerous
methods of relief, . one of which was a
. change from coffee' to tea. It was all to
no purpose.
"We knew coffee was causing the trou-
ble, but could not find anything to take
Iti place and cure the diseases until we
tried Poctum Food Coffee. In two weeks*
time after we quit coffee and used Pos-
tum almost all of her troubles had dis-
appeared be if by magic It was truly
wonderful. Her nervousness was all gone,
t-tomach trouble reliet'ed. appetite Im-
proved and above all a night's rest was
complete and refreshing.
"This s-ounds like an exaggeration, as
it all happened so quickly, but we are
prepared to prove it. Each day there is
improvement for the better, for the Pos-
tum Is undoubted^ strengthening her and
tnving her rich, red blood and renewed
life and vitality. Every particle of this
good work is due to Postum and to drink-
ing Postum in place of coffee." Name
Biv^n by Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Ice cold Postum with a dash of lemon
is a delightful "cooler" for.warm days.
6*?nd for particulars by mall of cxten-
rlon of time on the $7500.00 cooks' con-
I Ust for 725 money prize* .; *STEAMSHIP FRANCIS H. LEG
GETT WHICH ARRIVED
WITH CARGO OF RAILS.
TO. SAIL.
United States - Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights! of High and Low
Waters at Fort ¦ Point. . entrance I to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the highest tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. JULY 15.
Run rises V 4:68
Sun sets ¦ .7:32
Moon rises ..10:37 p. m.
C (Time ITlmel. Time Time ~
» Ft. 1 Ft.' — — Ft. Ft.
? jH W JL-Wl II W L W
IB I :i:38 4.21 »:45* 1.0 3:50 5.1 9:08 .2.3
16 I 3:40 3.9 0:30 l.S 4:25 5.110:49 1.9
17 | 4:49 a7|10:19 1.9 5:05 5.3 11:53 1.4
18 1 U:13| 3.7|11:15| 2.2| 6:48| 5.5|.... ;
IL W IH W L W H W .
10 10:54 0.81 7:42 3.S 12:10 2.5 6:39 5.7
20 } -liSO 0.2} S:57 4.1 1:20 2.7 7:33 6.»
21 12:43— 0.4| 9:55 4.4| 2:20 2.7 8:28 6.0
NOTE^ — In the above exposition. of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides; of -the
day In the order- of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time : column gives the last , tide of the
dav, except when; there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.' ; -The heights Riven' are ' In
addition to the eoundlngs of .the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 6 p. m..* Green
wich time. J. C. BURNETT,-
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Brar.ch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. . N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, ' Cal.,
July 14, 1903. •
Time Ball.
Stmr Lakme. Walvle, Eureka.
Stmr atii-shfield, Dettmers. Needle Rock.
Tug Collls. .Panzer.,, Port Los Angeles.
Schr Bella, Jannson. Siuslaw River.
SPOKEN.
June 20. lat 20 8. Ion 20 W, Fr bark Gen
eral do SontB, from Penarth, for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LCBOS. July 14. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
• •'.'¦'. DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS' HARBOR— Sailed July 13— Schr Sai
lor Boy. 'for Ban Francisco.
PORT TOWNKEND— Arrived July 14— Stmr
Indiana, from Nome.'
ST MICH A EL— Arrived June 20— Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from Seattle. June 27 — Stmr In
diana, from Seattle; «tm r- Rooecrans, hence
June 12. June 2SK-Stmr Conemaugh, from Se
attle; stmr Meteor, from Seattle; stmr Tam
pleo. from Seattle. • - ' '
Failed June 21« — Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
Seattle. July -3 — Stmr Indiana, for Seattle. •.
in port July H— Stmr Controaugh.
Etmr ¦ Coronado, Peterson, 61 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Shea, 59% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45% hours. . . .
Stmr City of . Sydney, McLean, 20 days 13
hours 36 minutes from Panama, via Acapulco
7 days 21 hours 19 minutes.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolson, 68 hour* from San
Pedro and way ports. • ¦ : . . .
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 15 hours from Men
dodno. '
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, 68 hours from
Portland, via Astoria' 60 hours.' '
Schr Ida Scfcnnuer. Brastlng, 11 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr flias R Wilson, Johnson, 12 days from
Tuesday, July 14.;
Stmr North Fork. Neleon. i Eureka.
Star Alcazar. Martin.. Greenwood.-
Stmr Gipsy. . L»land. Santa Cruz.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, . July 14
The schooner. J. H. Lunsmann (at Honolulu)
is chartered for lumber from Portland to Shang
hai at 35s, with option of Kalochau (lump
sum). ¦ • *
The schooner Luzon is chartered for sugar
from Honolulu to' Delaware Breakwater.
The bark Albert returns to Honolulu will
general cargo. .
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The United States Monitor Wyoming will
ro to Mare' Island Navy Yard to-day to. take
on coal for a. sea cruise. She will then sail
for Santa Barbara," In which- vicinity she will
spend eercral weeks. . She will return here
August 1. . ,
Wyoming Going to Sea.
Emily Reed's Skipper Sick.
The ship Emily Reed, bound from Hobart
for Simontown, has put Into Chrlttchurch, New
Zealand, on account of the sickness of her
commander, Caotain Baker.
Third Officer John Dennlscn of the steamship
Doric has resigned from the service" of the
White Star line, for the purpose either of en
gaging in buslne.<s ashore or entering the
coast trade under the American flag. Dennison
recently undertook the. responsibilities of mat
rimony and finds that trans- Pacific voyaging
leaves him too little' time at home.
Will Become an American.
The French bark Charles Gounod, out sixty
one cays from Java- - for this -pert, may not
bring ' her cargo to ' San Francisco." Orders
were sent out yesterday by .the pilots to be
delivered to the Gounod's captain, instructing
him to remain outside until he gets orders.
Must Remain Outside.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July . 14— Stmr Lake
Manitoba, for Montreal; stmr Saxonla, for
Boston.
Arrived July 14 — Stmr Canadian, . from Bos
ton. July 13 — Stmr Commonwealth, from ¦ Bos
ton. ... . . ¦ . . .,•-•
NEW TORK— Sailed July 14— Stmr Sylvlan,
for Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 15— Ship
Tillie E Starbuck, for Honolulu. July, 12 —
tihip Star of Bengal.* fcr Honolulu; Br bark
Gltlord. for San Kranclsco.
ANTWERP- Sailed July 12 — Ger ship Adolf,
for Port Los Angeles. . > . . •
CADIZ— Sailed June 23— Ger «tmr I*ls, for
San Francisco. • • - - . ¦ . ?
LE1TH— Sailed July 11— Ger ship Herzogovln
Sophie Charlotte, for Honolulu.
MELBOURNE — Arrived prior to July 14 —
Schr E B Jackson, from Grays Harbor.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 14— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Yokohama: Jap atmr
Shinano Maru, from Yokohama.
BUENOS AYRES — Arrived July 14— Fr stmr
Amlral Aube, from Santa Rosalia. .
HOBART— In port June -24— Fr bark G«r
rr.aine,' for. Astoria.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to July 14 — Stmr
Sierra, fiom San Francisco, via Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAWARE' BREAKWATER— Par.ed up
July 13 — Ship Clarence S Bement, from Hono
lulu.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 14— Stmr Bara
togra. from Colon. *
Sailed July 14— Stmr Seguranca, for Colon.
EASTERN PORTS
MAHUKONA— Arrived July 14 — Schr Otillie
Fjord, from ' Gray* Harbor.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 13 — Jap »tmr
Nippon Maru, from Yokohama; Jcp stmr Hong
kong Maru. hence July 7.
Sailed July 14 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru, for
San Franctsco; Jan etmr Honckong Maru,' for
Yokohama.
ISLAND PORTS
EUREKA— Arrived July 13— Stmr Redondo,
hrnce June 12. - ' . • - - •
Sailed July 14 — Stmr Coqullle River, for San
Franci.»co; schr Mabel Gray, for San Pedro.
NOME— Arrived June 27— Schr William F
Garirs, from Seattle.
- In port July 4 — US stmr Thetis and atmr
Discovery- -
CLYMPIA— Arrived July 14 — Schr Salem,
from fan Pedro.- ¦ -
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 14— Stmr
Scotia, for t-an Kranclsco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 14 — _tn_" Columbia,
henoe .luly 12. • . ¦ * \ ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived July 14 — Stmrs Eureka
and Indiana, from Nome: stmr Newsboy,' from
Kcvak; strnr Dirigro, from Skagway; stmr
Umatllla. hence July 10: schr O J Olsen, from
San Pedro. July 13 — Stmr Nebraskan, hence
July 10.
Sailed July 14— Stmr Humboldt. for Skag
way. ' '
SAN PEDUO— Arrived July 14— Schr Sadie,
from Umpqua; stmr South Bay, from Eureka;
stmr Brooklyn, from Redondo.
Sailed July 14 — Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco; scl;r Azalea, for Eureka; echr Caro
line, fur Umrqua; stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out July 14 — Schr Queen,
from Port Ludlow, for San Francisco.
Passed in July 14 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence
July 11, for Tacoma.
COO? BAY — Arrived July 14-^Stmr Arcata,
hence July 11.
Sailed July 14 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco. .' '•
BALLARD— Arrived July 14— Schr A M Bax
ter, h«nc« July 1.
PORTLAND — Arrived July 14— Etmr Cclum
bla, from San Francisco.
The stea— ship Frances H. Leggett. which
arrived here Monday night . from Newport
News, docked yesterday at Folsom-street
wharf, -where she will dischcrge h«r cargo, of
9T5 tons of -teel rails. The Leggett is a new
vessel and one of the least beautiful that has
entered this pert In some time. She is a ves
sel of 1525 tons register and was built at New
port News for the Hammond Lumber Com
pany of this city. She will be used . in the
coast lumber trade. She has a carrying capac
ity of 1.OO0.000 feet of lumber and in spite of
her lack of good looks is said to be a. good
sea boat and. well adapted to the service 'for
which ehe was built. .
The Sydney encountered fine weather
throughout the voyage, which was un
eventful. The steamship Barracouta left
Acapulco two days ahead of the City of
Sydney, but at 6 o'clock last evening had
not put in an appearance.
The Sydney's passengers were: -
John Marquardt. Cuel Goodsell, Julius L.
Partz, Miss M. L. Farringtcr. Mi5- CSchoen
etedt. How Your.anv Fred Spohr. Ernest Herb-
Btritt. Stanley James.. Mrs. John Marquardt.
Charles S. Hull. Antonio Uuuscayrcl, Ernest
Schoei_?tedt. Miss E. Sehoensted't, Choc San,
Hans P. Ortiron, Alfred Herbstritt,- John Lugh
ermor. John Dahmlos. E. J. McBride, y.rs. M.
L. Karrlngton, Mrs. Ernest Schoenstedt, Miss
C. Sandberr. Chons Kong, Henry Blrnbacher,
John Lecdes, Quari Kum. ,
Frances H. Leggett Docks.
THE Pacific Mail Company's
steamship City of Sydney arrived
yesterday, nearly two days be
fore she. was scheduled or ex
pected. She brought only 946 tons
of cargo and the money value of her
treasure shipments was Ies3 than $300.
She brought up twenty-seven passengers.
The Sydney's officers report everything
quiet alone the coast from Panama to
Acapulco. Not a sign of a revolution or
interrepublic war is to be seen at any
of the ports of call and for a short spell
at any rate the ununited states of Cen
tral America are at peace.
The Company of Associated Stock Brok
ers petitioned the Superior Court yester
day for permission Xo sell their. properly
at the southeast corner of Pino . and
Montgomery streets. -
Valuable Lot' for Sale.
J. W. Van Winkle, a stockholder in the
Monterey Gold Min_ng Company, riled a
suit for 110,000 damages yesterday against,
W. Eyvon Johannsen, secretary ; of the
Pacific- States Mining and Investment
Company. - He claims that because of Jo
hannsen's action in a deal over mining
properties and his failure to pay the firm
of Henly & 'Co. a commission: that "they
sued him for the *Monterey' Gold Mining
-Company's standing was injured. -
Van Winkle Claims' Damages.
Santa Fe Sells Low-Priced Tickets.
The Santa Fe Railway on July 15 and
1(5 will sell special round trip tickets at
low prices to points in the . East. Full
stopover privileges allowed. Good • on all
trains. .Ask about it at 641 Market street •
CH _P RATES EAST.
Steamer.'. . • ; ¦; For.;.',- Sails.
Portland..... Nome ;_ St. Michael... July 15
Dlrlgo...' Skagway A'Way Ports. July 15
Meteor Nome & St. . Michael. .. July 15
Conemaugh... Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Al-Kl:..:.... Skagway 8t Way Ports. July IB
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet &. Way Pts July lu
Dolphin....:. Skagway „ .Way "Ports. July Is
City Topeka.. t-kagway & Way. Ports. July is
Farallon..... Skagway'-; Way Ports. July 19
Eureka. ...... Nome .... .". .V. .*. . . . . . . July 20
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Pprts. July 22
Oregon Nome. .'¦....¦...,.. July 23
City Seattle.: Skagway & Way Ports. July 26 I
Nome City.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|July 29
Refuses ftd* Prosecute.
D. A. "Wollett. a conductor on the Ellis
street line, pointed. out a man on Market
street yesterday afternoon "to" Policemen
Galloway and Moriarty;and said he had
In August, 1901, * steered him to 21 Stock
ton street, where. he was tricked out of
$116 at a.card grame. -The man, who was
recognized as SanvNevills. a bunko man,
wan taken before* Captain Martin,* but
.Wollett ' refused to . swear to a- complaint
against him and he- was ' released. (Jeorge
H. Lawrence., another bunko: man, was
arrested on -the same charge on June 29
and the-case- is -.now" pending In Police
Judge Conlan's court.- • ¦ ' ' ¦'
California souvenirs— great .'variety a
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. ?
FROM SEATTLE.
A report for the month of June relating
to weather, crops and industrial condi
tions in California was submitted by Man
ager J. A. Fllcher. which was unanimous
ly approved by the board. - . •
Thls board also entertains the 'well founded
opinion that the shipment of green deciduous
fruit will become more profitable as that forru
of enterprise Is better understood and the pro
ceedings relating: to It are belter adjusted to
the necessities of the situation.-. - UJUSle a to
It is. therefore, the deliberate conclusion of
this board that the fruit growing industry of
the State of California is highly profltibKnd
that this profitableness is assured and perma-
But the profitableness of the fruit Industry
of California rests upon a more secure founda
tion. Citrus fruits are not perishable, and over
80 per cent of the deciduous fruits are cured
and canned In an Imperishable form. - The vi
cissitudes attending this form of Industry are
not greater than those met with on the field of
other Industrial activity. Profitable' Industries
cannot be Judged by fluctuations of profit from
year to year. All industry : Is • attended by
varying conditions. Influencing Its profitable
ness. ;'•-¦ ¦ '•¦;.»- .-' : * ..
Yesterday the State Board of Trade
came to the front to affirm .that /fruit
growing- in California is profitable. It ap
pears that there are "knockers" abroad,
who are trying to make it appear i that
California fruit growing is. not -what it
has been represented to be. If this, idea
gets general credence it would . largely
damage the State. Consequently . the
State Board of Trade took up the mat
ter, discussed it in the light of reliable
statistice gathered from all - available
sources and adopted the following state
ment officially: i .-.•".
The profitableness of the fruit Industry of
California having been challenged and .broadly
Impeached by certain public statements.- tha
State Board of Trade, having had these state
ments under consideration, declares as follows:
The Impeachment of the profitableness of
fruit growing Is referable wholly to the fluctua
tion of profit as relates solely to the shipment
of green deciduous fruit. The .shipment or
green deciduous fruit to be profitable demands
a system of packing, shipment, refrigeration,
time schedule and distribution* which has not
yet been devleed. From the centers- of fruit
growing In California to the principal* markets
of the East the average distance. is 2500 miles.
The problem of the successful transportation
of green deciduous fruit requires In Its solution
proper initial handling of the fruit, -due consid
eration as to the state of ripeness In which. the
fruit leave* the point of origination, proper re
frigeration en route and careful attention to
the condition of the markets In which the fruit
Is offered. The green deciduous fruit shipments
are sold by agencies over which the grower, has
no control. These considerations present ele
ments of extra hazard wherein the result could
not be otherwise than disappointing In a very
large number of Instances.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
. — > _____ ______
July 15.
S. Portland. Seattle & Taeoma.. 5 pmlPler 16
Chlco Coqullle River .... 3 pmlPler 2
Iaqua Humboldt ......;:. -0 amlPler 2
Chehalis Orays Harbor :.... 3 pmiPier _
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ./. 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ./....... 1:30 plPier lj
Argp Kel River Ports.-.:. 4 pm|Pier 2
Peking . China '& Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Queen Puget Hound Ports. 11 am|Pler 27
July 10.
Q. Dollar.. Orayi> Harbor ..;.. '4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Dlegro & Way. 0 am Pier 19
Sonoma:.... Sydney _ Way.'... 2 pmjPIer 7
Coca Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amil'ier U
July IT. * • ' I
Coronado... Grays Harbor ...;'. 4 pmiPier 10
Enterprise. Hilo . V."... 5 pm Pier 10
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria At Portland. j 11 am Pier 2i
July 18. I-
Coronal . . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 10
Eureka..... Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
8.. Barbara. L*>s Angeles. Ports. . Q am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrf ord 10 am Pier 13
Colon... N. Y. via Panama; 12 m Pier 40
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
- ' . July 1O. ..- . .-
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Phoenix.... Pt.Arena & Mendcn 'l'pm Pier 13
S. Rosa San Dleco & Way. B am Pier 19
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Centennial., beattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
July. ISO.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ..'..... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Crui Newport & Way,. 0 am Pier lu
City Puebla. Puget Sound Pts.-. 11 am Pier 27
. July 21. . . -
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka ft Coos Bay 5 pm Pier Its
¦ • - July -22. ' -
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier lo
. . . .July 23. , . ; \
Doric. .....". China ft Japan .1 pm Pier 40
North Fork. Humboldt .......... o pm Pier 2
July 25. •
Lothian.... China _ Japan.... ......Pier —
City Sydney N. Y.- via Panama. 12 . m Pier 40
Alameda... 1 Honolulu .......:.. 11 am Pier 7
Industry.
Board of Trade Defends
Fame of a State .-
Steamer. • j From. • Due.
Barracouta... Acapulco July 15
Arctic Humboldt •.';¦»"»> July 10
Del None Crescent City July 1«
San Pcrlro... Humboldt. July 16
O. Dollar San Pedro July 16
Eureka Humboldt July 16
Corona Humboldt July 16
Santa ltn«a... San Diero & Way Pts. July 16
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 16
City Puebla.. Pujret Sound Ports July 1«
Rainier Seattle &. Whatcom I July 17
Point Arena.. Point Arena .'. [July IT
Santa Cruz... Newport &. Way Ports. IJuly 17
Centralia Humboldt July 18
Czarina Coos Bay July 18
Edith Seattle .....July 18
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla July IS
Pomona Humboldt .' July 19
Ara;o. Eel River Ports July 10
North Fork... Humboldt July 19
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 19
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria July 19
Lothian Honpk'p via Manzanillo July 19
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports July 20
State of Cal.. Han. Diego & Way Ft < July 20
Olympic Fairhaven ...\.., IJuly 20
Coos Bay.. .:. Pan Pedro. & Way Pts.|July 21
N.'Maru China & Japan . .....IJuly -21
Alarm-da Honolulu; IJuly 21
Umatllla...... Pugef Sound Ports. ... July 21
Herodot Seattle ...:..'.......... July 21
J. Dollar Seattle* &"Tacoma -.... July 22
Newport New York via Panama. July 23
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul.. . July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 24
Queen........! Puget Sound Ports.. .. July 26
TO ARRIVE.
•
Movements of Steamers.
sign precedes the heights, and th»>n the number
Klven is subtracted from the drpth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tha
mean of the lower low waters.
DECLARES FRUIT
GROWING PAYS
This evening there will be a grandVball
in Golden Gate Hall to the supremp* of
ficers and representatives.
A number of changes in the laws were
introduced and referred to the committee
on legislation.
The special order of business for 2
o'clock this afternoon will be the election
of officers. The principal contest will be
for the office of secretary. The candi
dates are Ernest Duden. incumbent, and
A. W. Mecklin of Seattle.
The Supreme Lodge of the Order of
Pendo met in biennial session in the Odd
Fellows' building yesterday morning with
the following supreme officers and repre
sentatives present:
H. W. Mathewa, past supreme councilor;
A. P. Tugwell. supreme councilor: II. A.
Maydole. supreme vice councilor; Ernefct Du
den. supreme secretary; D. S. Stanley; su
preme treasurer; E. P. Carlton, \ supreme
chaplain; Henry C. Schaertier. supreme attor
ney;' R. E. Bunker, supreme medical exam
iner; Kate McDonald, supreme guide; K^te J.
Melsner. supreme warden; Mary A. Scharfen
berir, supremo sentinel. , •
Representative from district Xo. 1. George
E., Terry of San Francisco; district No. 2. C.
C. Brown of Los Anseles; district No, 3. H.
C. Clarke of Pasadena: district No. 4'. G. F.
Scharfenberr of San Antonio I Tex.; district
No. 5, Frank Hopkin3 of Wefser. Idaho; d s
trlct No. C. Mrs. Dora Powell of ¦ Boulder.
Mont.; district No. 7 John Patterson of Col
fax. Wash.; district No 8 U. &» Collins of
Everett. Wash. ; district No. l». . R. S. Wake
fleld of Tacoma, Wash.; district. No. 10. XI. M.
Bannister of Vancouver. Wash.; district No.
11. Frank Joplln of Portland, Or.; and dis
trict No. 12, W. E. Mallory of Grants Pass,
Or. : ( -
The supreme b«dy was caj!c<l to order
by the supreme councilor . J 'after the
routine of opening there were presented
the reports of the supreme councilor, sec
retary, treasurer and medical director,
and these were referred to .appropriate
committees to report at the session to be
held this morning. y
The report'of the supreme attorney will
be presented at the session this morning.
The head of the order, in his report,
showed that the progress since the prev
ious session of the supreme body had been
remarkably good and that the order, for
the first time in its history, is not only
free from debt, but has a substantial bank
account. He recommended that changes
be made in the laws with a view toward
preventing frauds being practiced by In
dividuals entitled to benefits, that the
same rates be maintained, it having: been
found that they are sufficient and that
a certain amount be added to the order'3
bank account periodically.
The report of the supreme secretary
showed that there were more than 200
councils in the jurisdiction, which ex
tends from the Pacific to the Atlantic,
.with an aggregate membership of 6000.
Since the previous session of the supreme
body thirty-five new councils have been
instituted.
Officers Will B3 Elected at
the Meeting This
Afternoon.
New Councils Shown by
Reports of Supreme
Body. i
Steamship City of- Sydney Arrives
Ports. and Her Officers Report an Unusual, Absence of
Revolutionary Signs at All of the Places ;. She. Visited
PEACE NOW REIGNS IN REPUBLICS
OF THE CENTRAL AMERICAN COAST
CITY TREASURY
SHORT ONE GENT
Contents of Vaults Are
Counted and Total
$2,471,317 05.
Treasurer McDougald Tenders
Amount, Which Is
Refused.
A ehortap* of 1 cent "was found yester
day in the count of the money In the
vaults of the city treasury, the total
amount cf funds on hand being
U.mM~ 05. while the ledger balance
showed that the city's money on hand
should have been 1 cent more.
The count was made at the request of
Edward D. Martin, special examiner for
the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland, which is on the bond of City
and County Treasurer John E. McDou
g-ald in the sum cf JW.000.
The entire force of the Treasurer's of
fice helped in the count cf the coin and
Auditor Bachr and the private secretary
cf Mayor Schmitz -were also present.
The count was accomplished before the
r.ccn hour and the contents of the sacks
were courted and weighed.
When the shortage of 1 cent was dis
covered. Treasurer McDougald offered to
rriEke good the amount, but the special
examiner of the Fidelity Company replied
that he could net accept the offer and
that thf shortage must be carried on the
books.
ORDER OF PENDO
PROPOSES LAWS
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ;!WED^ ESDAY, JULY 15, 19Q3*
10
Ft Wm ___S5_r _F ¦ _£^_1 —I itsS3__ wa^sl
LEADING Bl'SlNEPS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 2* Po-t f=t.. San Francl-co. Cal.
Established 40 y«>ar-. Open entire year.
Write for illustrated catalog-ue <free>.
Actual business bookkeeping: only expert ac-
countants and reporters es teachers; Gregg
ehorthar.d easier, fuMcst zxA most readable.
Pay and evening. Send for catalogue to Col-
lege. 1236 Market «t.
k POLYTECHNIC
SSl Business College and
-*\' Bchoo! of Er.gtn^er-
£&&Q<Pigf\ Oakland. Cal.
iJr^T^f^vJg^-E I.arrP5t and be«
n^^JjJ^O SSf^i equipped school of
<9ti5rJv1ir4 _e S?^-^ business, fhorthand
£.i>*_^ i_Si— I 1 - n<1 enclnrerint; west
100-page catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE A\D SEMINARY
(FOR YOL'XC LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminarr course accredited to the unlveral-
tle« _nd leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
tunities c?ered In rouxic. art and elocution.
Thlrtr-elgfcth year. Fall terra o&ens Augunt
12. 1903. Write for catalcrue to MRS C T.
MILLS. Pres.. Mills College P. P.. Cal.'
HAMLIIV SCHOOL
A3TD VAX 25XSS SEMXXABY,
1849 Jackson et.. S. F. Boarding ar.d day
school for girls. Accredited by the leading
college* and universities. Special attention
riven to tpustc. Reopens August 10. 1903.
SARAH P. HAM-IN. Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges, la well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Come
and be .with us; we .prepare you well; refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan building.
_ L. H. ORAL'. Ph. D.. Principal.
I VtK ffltYtKlAtk I
Ml FULTON" BT.. fcan Francisco. Car"™
Leading Mut'c.l College cf the Coast.
Largest school, thorough cours*. able teachers.
Write for l'MU Catalogue.
SCHOOL OP ILLUSTRATION,
- PAItTINGTON'S, _4 PIN'E ST.
Oldest School in America.
N>w Term Dezins MONDAY. Au«. 3.
DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS, Meclo Park. California Prepares
for any university or fcr business. Send for
illustrate, catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph.D.,
Principal. I-'all terra opens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. CELMONT. CAL.. '
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
pils August 12. Catalogue and book of view*
en application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
Hiss West's School for Girls,
.2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 18. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading cclleges. r*or catalogue ad
dress MARY B. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
TERRELL Y. CAL..
Reopens Monday, Angnst 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL~
CAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens August 26th
in new buildings on Monte Disb'.o ave. Modern
1— provem enta. For further Information or dr-
crlar- address (MIES) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Bitchcock Military Academy,
SAX 2Xj ________ CA_.
Beparat* building fcr little boys. Xm as terra
will - begin on Aug. IT.
IRVING INSTITUTE. '
BOARDXNO AND DAY SCHOOL FOR
youcS ladles and little girls. .120 California
*t.. wlJl reopen Auguat 3. 1903- Accredited to
the Univrrsities. REV. EDWARD B
CHURCH. A. M.. PrindpaL
/tTH i fhi, r rv i _v A Ttcrougrh. xo&-
C*\y_ TO • \»^ crl1 SelxooX. 500 po-
I I\.CC_S g|tlon » m past year.
ISfc" 1 ?! t-O-page catalogue.
' \~S ~*~~^ San Franclaco.
CCLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL..
Fifty-second year. Confers degrees, grants
£lp!os:as. CoMege prr psratory tccredlted. Con-
»enatory court-'. Intermediate and primary
drpan— er.ts tor younser children. Studies re-
turned. A u trust 4. 1903.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
. 1RVINGT0N. CAJU
A birb-rrade Military School for a limited
number of boy* of good character. Next term
twetnc August J2.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
THE JENNE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
- Etage and platform positions guaranteed:
languages; diplomat. Catalogue. 21." 2 Sutter
ct. Phone West 1169. Reopens Ee.tttnber 2.
tsAN FKANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE.
Three-year graded course confirming vrlth
rule* edqpied by Association of College Facul-
ties of North America. Regular rert>ion corn-
Trrr.rt* June 15; ends December 1. Write for
catalorue and information. "DWABD J.
CRKELT. D.V.B.. Dean. 510 Golden Gate ave.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT : StTNI>A Y'S — '
ABT SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish 'Brown
Oak will make a. beautiful pic-
ture for your study. -
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, wx_-
LIAM* WATSON.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
California
Limited ».»
To CHICAGO
<W~F | ___u "-^
An Ideal Train
1 For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
leave Market-street^Fern^ Depot.
: J^mii^\^L
'• Fr«no .... 2:40 p, -J-2O V ¦ ¦¦¦• 7:JOa
•• Hantord .- *;»P l-Tkl .... 5:0O _
•• Vlralla .... 4:55 p 4.4S p •
•• B«ker S flel.l 7 : 15 p •_» P kr*-V } .g J
"c^-lVo :: 8:47p
pin^.t'airnoinu^lnsan Joaauin
I responding train arrives at^ »:5- . »• ~- <*?j "*;
f»-r,0 a. m Mc-nday and Thu__ty ,r y
CA__1-OZ-XA I_M1T_1>. carxylns: Pai-
ac3 Sleeping Cart) and Dining *r ar9
throti&n to Chi«~3*rfv. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local nrst-clas- pa»-
eensers. No second-oHsa tickets are honorej
on this train. Corre-pondingr train arrives ac
11-10 P. m. Tuesday ami Friday.
6 30 a m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car' and Keel mm* Chair Car between Bake-a-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding: train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4 00 p. m. 1» Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8 'CO P. rn. dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
rfjpondlrrjc train arrives at «:25 p. m. daily.
1'ersonally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East lenve San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at S p. —.
Offices— «41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San FrnnH-co: 1112 Broadway. Oafclanrt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xntlns lettTe and »f«» due to arrir* at
»AN KICANCWCO.
(M»ln Line. Foot cf iUrket Street > +-
_,_-, ' — Faoii Jwi »1. 1*B- — "»"«
"~7 00a Benl<l». SutiuD. lilmlra »nd S«cr»-
mentn 4l5*
7 C0a •VscsTllle. TV InteiK. Bnmiej 7.25*
7.30a Wtrrtrnez. 8«n Ramon. \ allejo,
¦ -Xapa.Cai:»tog». Santa Rom 8£5»
7.30a Mies. Latbrop. Stockton 7.26»
8 00a DaTU.Woodl_Bd. Knlenu L»n<Jlnr.
MarysTlIle. OroTlll<". (connects
at AUrypvllle lor Ortdlcy.UlKS* _ „
¦nd Chlro) — ••• .1-22*
8 00* Atlantic Bxpreiis-OsdeB and Ea»«. 1025 a
B 00a Fort Costa. Martinez. Antlovh. By-
rcn Traey.Slockton.Stcriimento.
Los Bunos. Menrtot*. lUafonl.
Vital!*. rorterTlIle <n4.25»
8 00a Port Costa, JUrMnei. L«tljrop, Mo-
desto. Mfrcrd. Frenno, Goih^n
Jenctlon, nanford. Tlsalla.
Bskerstleld 6.25»
8-30a Soasta Exprf»»— DbtIs. VTHlUms
(for Bartleu Sprlncs). Wlllowi,
*Fr:it(.. Krd JJlnfr. TorUanrt 7-SS*
830a "lies. Ban Jo§«. UTernujre. Stock-
ton. Ionr.Saemniepte.FlaceTtUle-
MsrT»Ti:i^. Chlco. Ked HtnfT 4.28>
8 30- Oakdale CMnrse. Jaramtown. 8o-
nora. Tuolnmne »nd Aneels ..... 4 25»
9.00a Murtlne. and Way Stations 9 6Sr
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
¦ 10.00a Cre tcentClty Kxpr<«s». K»stbcund.
—Port Osta. Hyron. Tracy, ta-
tbrop. Stotkton. Merced. l:»y
mood. Frexno. U-nforcl. Vltalla,
Baker*fleld. Los ADgeVts and
Ke— Orlesn*. ("fsthonnd sr-
rlTes as F.clfic Co»st Express,
via f.ticf Line) «1-3Ct
13 CO- The Orrrlaod Limited — Ugden.
Den-er. Omaba, Chlcasn. 6 25*
12.00m Ilay ward. Nlies and ~ ay StaUoas. 325-
tiXCr Sacra— ento Rtrer Steamera. tii-OOv
3-5Op Uenlcla, ~lnt-r». Sacr-menfo.
tVoCKlland. Williams. Coltw, Wil-
lows. Knlrhts Landing. Marys-
Ytlle. Ornv.".ic and way autlona.. 10 65*
5?0p Hay ward. NlleaandWajr SUtlons.. 7 55*
4.C0p Martinez. Sm> lUmion.VitllcJo.itapa,
Caltntogn. Sant* ]:oaa 0.25*
4.CCP Martlnrz. Trsry.Lathrop.Stccktca. 10- 25*
4 00- Klles. I.t»«-rnmre. Sto. fetou. I.oUi.. 425?
430r Hayward. Nil". IrTlngtoc. Saa I 18.5SA
Jcae. Llvermore f :11.C5a
6 OQr The Qwl LimlteU— Fr« «no. Tnlare,
UakeitflclU. l.cs Acirelca; con-
nects at Sangus lor Sanu Bar-
bara 8E8a
6 CtJr Fort Costa, Tracy, 8tocktoo. Loa
Baooa 12-?S»'
ISJOp NJIci.. San J.ih- I.or«l 7-25a
6 COp Hayward. Nllesund Pan Jo»« 10-2&*
8XCr Orle.tal Mall — Ogden. Denver.
Omaba. St. Lonla. Chicago snd
Eart. (Carries Puilnun Car paa-
•eoKrrs only «ut of Pan Fran*
elteo. Tourist rar and coseb
pasieorers take 7.C0 r. h. tnla
to RrDo, eootlnoiBK thence In
their ears « p.M.tralu ea»twar<l.. 4_9v
Wrstbvoiid, Sunect Lrmltrd.—
From New York, Chicago, New
OtIobi. El Paso. Lcs iagelea,
Frecno. Berenda. Raymond (from
Toremlte). Martinez. AnlTes.. 823*
J.CQr Ban Pablo. Port Coaia, MarCines
and TTij Sta'.lona 11. 25*
UJiOr Vallejo 76&»
7-COj" Fort uoata, Benlci*, Suituo. Darla.
8aera_oe_to. Trackee. Keno.
Stopa at all stations east ot
Sacramento 7.55a
I -68p Oregon * California Kzprta— 8ao>
rumento, MarysTlIle. neddtoc
Portland. Puget Sonnd and East. 9.55*
tfl-IOr Hayward. Nlles and San Jote (Son-
„. __, ..dayonly) H1.6S.
JiSor Ton Costa. Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
drito. Merced. Kaymond (to To-
aemlte). Freano 12 28V
Banford. Vlsalla. Bajtrrsfleld B.2&T
COAST LI N E (Jarre- tiaoft). '
r (Foot of Market Street.)
:745a Santa Cruz K:cor»lon (SniidsT
only) «-1O
8.1S* Hewark. Centerrflle. Saa Joae.
: , v Felton. Boalaer Creek, 8_nt»
_.-_ Cm* and — ay SUtlona 8 2S»
12.1SP Hewark. Ceoter-llle. 8aa Jon,
New Almaden.Loii Oato*.7e!toB.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cru« aad
_ ._ Principal Way Stations 10.55*
4.1Ir Newark. Sun Jose. Loa Gales aad
W »T stations (on Satnrday and
Bnaday mas through to Santa
Craz. ccnaecta at Felton for
Boulder Creek. Monday only
from Santa Cre.) ffrggj
TT£s$hA?tPn« H ARBOR FERRY.
rrom SA> * 1.A.N CISCO. Fool of Market St. (3Up.O
From OAKLAND. Foot of Brondway — t«:OU »:»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 QQ 2 QQ 4Q0r.il.
COAST LINE < Broad Uaa*e).
(Third ami fownsend Streets.)
8.10a ban Jote and Way Stations. 735?
tvSS A £* B j09f> • nd w »' »-«««>» 8.30r
(19^ A ?. ew Alsnaden.. /*10t
17.15* Monterey and Santa> Craa Eicar
___ Mob (Snndayonly) *8.30»
06. CO* Coatt Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Joee.Gllro7.Holll*ter.PaJaro.Ca*-
troTllle. Eallnan. San Ardo.Paso
Robles. San ta _ argarlta, San Lnlt
Obltpo.(prtnrtpalttattoiitthcore)
Santa Barbara, aad Loa Ad-
relea. Cnnnectton at Ca«troTtl!«
to and front Monterey and Pacific
GroTe and at Pajaro nortb bound
Ircm Capttolaaod SantaCnw.... 10-45*
• ~l* San Jote. Tree PIros. Opltola. .
B«n»i»Cru_.p»clO« (Jrote.S.ilnn*.
- Ban Luis Oblnpo and Principal
lateimedtate SuUod» 4.109
ncttbonnd only. Paclfln Coa»t Ex-
BjeM.— FrcnT_few ytrk.Chlcafro,
New Orleant. El Paso. Lot An-
,_ __ teles. Santa Barbara. ArrlTet.. *3O
I2"55- S'n Joae and TTaTStatlcBt 1.20>>
11 -20a tan Joae. Loa Gato* and Way Sta-
- ¦»-. t| on» 5.76*
2"5 Dp San Jo»e and TV»y stations x 7 CCr
. Z-COr San Jote and ~»y etallcns {9.40a
I'.J.CCr Del Monte Kxpn-x.i— S-»nta Clara.
* 6an Ji »e. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grot- (connectt at Santa
¦ Clara tur Santa Cruz. Konlder
trr'k rniri NtirowGaujre Points) t12.15»
OiZCr Burllnpinie. S»n >l.»tro. iSedwood.
i.ttiloPark. Pali. Alto, MajneM,
Mountain View. Lawrenre. Santa
Clara, ban J ¦>•••. GKroy (connec-
tion fcr BjlIlM»r. Tret Plnon).
Pajaro icocnrction for Watson-
*i:ie. Capftola and Santa Cruz). . ) .
Pacific Cuie and way itat'ona.
Consrct* «t CattroTllle for 6a>
llnut 10.45a
•4.30* Ban Jcneat.1 ~»y Ststloa* 8 38a
tftSXC* San Jote. (tt* Santa Clara) Los ""
Gatot. Wright and Priuclpal Way
Slatfona .. . torm.
oCS.JCi- SanJoteamlPrtiidpal— tTSutloni 11 ««_
•IS.IBr ean>lateo.l!ere.for<i.B e im,, B "8an ta °°-
L'arlct. Iieuwc^tl. Fair Oaka.
McnloPaik. Talo Alto ?«_:«-
B._Xr StnJotr aid Wrj Station... . **" S,»*
el-LC* Buntet l.in.ltMl. K;i>t), t ,,, n u.— sVa "¦"*'**
LdI» Ol>i»ro. Sonin linrUara I oa
ABRei". I>->nl»(r. El Pato. New
Or!e»D». Xrw York. (Wenthonnd
--_ r. -«l v »'»*'» **'* J« oqulnVallcv) „¦» «•_
8. COT Palo Alto and War Station* *' " 4
.11.30! Mmbrae.P«io AUoano "v'_V s'ti: 10 - 1S *
•11 3C* Ml£b""ae.*S._' jiiV " V_d"w_y"s*ji ** 45 '
A t«>» -lutniOK • »>,,, ... * -— — — •
> e«turtl-y «n.l Saa«l*y only A'i«nocn.
i Etopa at all .tatloct on Sunday
* Via C«»»t line. , 1 _,.,_,,- and FrtdaT *
_*_Cfi« aot tt«i> at V*Uacta _L Causa.
r BAHWAY TBAVEL.
__¦¦ Vi ¦ V it I fi| S^^JSOSSm
- The Only Double-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
Tho Most Luxurious Train in the World.
• Electric Lighted Throaghotit.
Buffet-smoking cars,, with barber
' and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
' to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
' Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Rys.
Leaves San Franciscodaily at io.coa.ra. Two
other trains daily at S.co a. m. and 6.co p. rn.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE.
General Agent Chic-eo & Ntrth-Weitem R-Hwm-.
• 617 Mtrkct Street.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCfSGU AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAITT.
Tlljuroa IViry, _'oot of Mar-Tit Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO EA2T RATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:0O. 0:C0. 11:CO a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:60. U:30 and 11:30;
p. m.
Saturday- — Extra trip «t 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. R:10. 6:30 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FJ1A1TCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <J:05. 6:fid 7:33. 7:50. 8:_0.
11:15 a. m .; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
r.:_5 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m. : 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 8:10. «:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclgco.l May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlnal I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. ] ' tlon. | days. | Days.
~~|~7:3O a 7:45 al 7:45~a
7:30 a 8:00 a S:40a| 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a 3 Igrnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3Op 2:30p C:OOp 6:2Op
0:10 p 6:10 p - .. 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30a 7:30a ' 7:45a; 7:45a
8:00a S:OOa Ncvato, 10:20a 10:20%
2 "."Op it :30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and j 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. | j
7:30 a 7:30 a ~ 10:20 a!10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p . | 7:25 p
Wlndfor.
7:30a 7:30a Healdsburgr. 10:_OalO:COa
Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. ¦ 7:25 p 7:25 p
~ • Cloverdale.
~7~-3O~al 7:30"a|"~~ Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pj and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
*7;30a|.-7:30ar- •VTllllU. | 7:25 p| 7:-J^p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp* Vacation. 110:20 a|10:_O a
2::«)p| 2:30 p| Guerrievllle. ' ( 7:25 p{ 6:20 p
8:00 a! 8:60 al - Sonoma. |8:40a| 8:40 a
6:10 p[ 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. ' | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 7:30a|- . 110:20 a|10:20.a
2:30p|2:30p| Sebaatopol. | 7:25 p| 6^0 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at, Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs;' at Fulton for* Altrurla . and Mark
West Spring; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skagcs Springs: -at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. I Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs.' Kelsey vllle. Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel. Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper-Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside.' Llerly's,' Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn
Heights. .Hullville. Ott'b. Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptehe. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, Mendodno City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal; -at Wllllts for Fort -Brags. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, -Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris; Olsen's, Dyer,
GarbervMlle, Pepperwocd. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ • . •
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at . half rates.
Ticket . office. B50 Market • street. Chronicle
building. -
H.C. WHITING. R. X. RYA>T.
. . ¦ . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
SAliQl'ENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZAD_RO,ETC.
via Sausalito Perry
-WEEK DATS (Holidays _excepted)-6:43.
t»7:45. 8:45. 0:45, lla. m.. 12:20. *\A\ 3:15.
4-15 t5:15. *6:15. 6:45,9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a.- m. .train week days does not run to
AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8 "f». riO. 11. Ul:30 a. m..-tl2:30. >t*l:30.
"•35 •!•» B, 6 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
'Trains . marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked. (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
"fROM^sVJ^RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week daya— 6:25. :6:25. . 7:40. 8:15. »:35.
ll;05 a. m..' 12:30. 2:20. »3:45. 4:50. 5:30, 6:43.
1O S1?NDAYS— fl:15. 7:35.' »:10.- 9:40, J10:55.
111:45' a. -m.*. 12:50. 2:30. »:25. ii40. J5:5o.
6:55 .7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked U) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— -Week days— 5:45. . 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
9:45. 11:10. a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 5:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10:40 p. .m.' ..',.- . .
- SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. »i.. 12:05.
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4 :5R. 6:05. 7:10. X0:4O p. _.
. . _ .Through trains.
¦ .7:45 a. m.,- week days — Cazadero and way
stations. • , ¦ -
5:1P p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and nay stations. •¦¦ ; . ¦ ¦ n .
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays^ — Cazadero and way
stations. •. - ¦ ' »
. Sundays and Leg-I Holidays — 8 a. m. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. . ¦'
TICKET OFFICE— _U Market st.
FERRY— Foot Of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave '. Tk Si__lj_> Ftr— Arrive '
San Fran. hx *t H-.w St. San Fran.
\Veekh bun- _-_«»__ ~S5SI wST
Day,. _d-y, ,_g|ftFSS_ d "" CHv,.
ifU'iSSS* i~*:5o,S;3^
Siterte- wiy. lq- tmn T 9t«Op.-rtT*iy. 1^*30^
££?& \ «_»»«--««» St, (North Shore R.iIi_m_7
- Wnq» } and Sausauto Fkrrv P.xrt Market St.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters,
• S A OREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-'
I .tor and Nervine. - -««_.„.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SDeelal
Ton 1« for the Sexual Organs, for both ««?«
Thl Mexican Remedy for Disease. «t ,\-
Kidneys and. Bladder. Sell, on Its ?wn merlf,
NABER. ALFS & BHU.NE/Amntf
823 Market nt., S. F— (Send for Clrcularii.)
IA/. T. HESS.
HOTAET POBLIO AND ATTO_UnT-AT-_Jl-
Ttnth Floor. Room 1015. Clau. Spr.ckel. b.0*
" - Telephone Main 983. - .
Retldenee. California St.. b«low Pow.i_
;¦ Retldenc* Telephone J«m«« 160X._^ •Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound
\ ¦ifi in 11 1 tutai T - 1. mi ...-,;¦>-..¦., f. -¦ ap. ¦ -_
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are aa follows:
* BEEF— ¦OVs'&'M^ ' or Steers and BHtJCWc per
lb for Cows. --, - ¦ '
¦ VEAL. — Large. 7©Sc; small. 909%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, SS'Jc; Ewes. 8€&%o
per lb. •
LAMB — Spring. 10©10%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8%ftO%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
" All quotations stsnd as before. There are
sufficient Cattle and Sheep comlnr In to flu
the demand, but there Is no surplus. The sit
uation in Hosts remains as previously quoted,
large, fat stock being scarce and firm and
small stock in oversupply and not wanted. ,
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. July 14.— CATTLE— Receipts
2500; steady: good to prime steers, $5@5 50;
poor to medium, $404 00; stockers and feeders.
*2 50«j2 75; cows. $1 5O@4 25; heifers, $2 25®
5; canners. $1 6002 75; bulls, $2 25©4 85;
calves, $2 50@6; Texas fed steers, $3 35@4 73.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 17,000; to-morrow,
30.000; .left over. 7000; stea'dy; mixed and
butchers'. $5 15675 40; good to choice heavy
$5 25®5 35; rough heavy. $4 70<ff5 75; light,
$4 »0(S5 US; bulk of eales, $5 25® 5 45. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; sheep, -steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $3 76a
4: fair to choice mixed. $3(fT3 50: 'Western
sheep, $2 50Q4 50; native lambs, $300, CO. .
ST. JOSEPH. >'£fffiS£V
ST. JOSEPH, July 14.— CATTLB— Receipts,
2250: steady to weak: natives.-*- f-li?5@5 lo;
stockers and feeders, $3@3 85.., ¦%*&£/'.
. HOGS— Receipts, 0400: 10c lower: lights
$5 20tfi5 35; medium and heavy,' $5 15@5 27%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200; strong to 15c higher;
top native ewes, $3 65; top good natives, $5 75.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. July 14.— The cotton market
opened weak at a decline of 8 to 27 points.
The close, while steady, was at a net decline
of 15 to 35 points or about the lowest of tha
session.
New York Cotton Market.
A grrat Impression was made upon senti
ment by the large liquidation In Consolidated
Gas. which carried It down 6% points. Et.
Paul's 4-polnt break In the late dealings to
a new level at 140% supplemented tbe In
fluence of the break in Consolidated Gas. The
public utilities of Greater New. York suffered
In sympathy with Consolidated Gas, as did
People's Gas. The drop In the United States
Steel stocks later in the day to new low records
was supplemented by reports that . the cut
made In prices of Iron had not resulted la
bringing in orders. High-priced Investment
stocks continued to be sold at wide price con
cessions.
The condition of the money market, was the
only development of the day to account for the
acute weakness of stocks. It was generally
accepted that the great railroad companies are
active bidders for money at fixed periods at 6
per cent rather than attempt any. Issues of new
capital at tnls time. Bankers and money-
NEW YORK. July 14.— After occasional re
sistance to the decline, prices of stocks sold off
eliarply this afternoon to tbe lowest level of
the year and the market closed active and
weak, with the declining tendency apparently
in full force. The sharp recovery In the lat
ter part of yesterday and a further advance In
London this morning aroused some hepes that
thfe fall in prices was ended, temporarily at
lean, but the slight opening advances here
attracted heavy selling, and while there were
occasional checks to the decline, there was no
further attempt of consequence made to put up
prices. The selling was entirely based on gen
eral considerations and was chiefly interesting
for It* sources, which, however, remained a
mystery. Who It is selling such enormous
amounts of stock and at such tremendous sac
rifices based on any possible purchase price
for two years past Is a subject of most earnest
surmise. The Interest attached to the subject
causes It to be surrounded with a vast deal
of gossip and rumor, which flies back and forth
not only wjthln Wall street but over the cables
from continent to continent. Authoritative
and reliable Information on the subject is not
to be had, but tbe volume and the method of
the liquidation put It beyond question that it
Is urgent and that It Is for the account of pow
erful financial Interests. • ' ; 3 - '
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Receipts of new Potatoes were somewhat
light, but aside from the local demand for
fancy etock, there was not much doing and
ihe market had an easier tone, with prices
lower. The demand for old Burbanks for seed
was rather slack. The Oregon steamer brought
down 1027 sacks, which were offering at easier
rates. Choice yellow Onions ruled steady at
previous quotations. Red were very dull.
Vegetables were In ample supply and met
with a good demand, both for local consump
tion and shipping account. The best offerings
of green Corn continued to bring good prices,
but there was a let of poor and_wormy stock
In crate* offering at easy rates. Tomatoes
ruled firm at higher prices, receipts belnft
lighter than fn the preceding day. Choice
String Beans met with a 'good demand at
ullghtly firmer prices. Three sacks of Lima
Beans "erne In ! from Stockton and nold
promptly at 8c per lb. Changes In the other
vegetables were slight.
POTATOES— New White, 75c@$l per ctl in
sacks and XI #1 40 In boxes, with some fan
cy hlfrher; Early Rose, 75c@$l; Garnet Chiles.
$1©1 15: old Burbar.ks from Oregon, $1 35©
1 CO r>er ctl.
ONIONS — Red, 25®40c per sack; Silversklna,
65W70c ner ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1©1 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1©1 50; from
Berkeley. $1: Asparagus. $2 25®2 50 per box
for extra fancy, $1 75(92 for No. 1 and $10
1 50 for No. 2; Green Peas. 3@5c per lb; String
Bears 2%@5c per lh: Wax, 2U«J5c; Tomatoes,
60i§$5c lor nrraU b;xes and $1 75#2 25 for large
boxes from thn river: boxes and crates from
Los Angeles. 75c©$l : : Summer Squash. '75c®
$1 25 per box; Cabbage. 75cg$l per ctl: Car
rots 75c<if$l per sack; Cucumbers, 40©5Oc per
box for MarysvIIle and $1&1 25 for bay; Garlic.
2%<fT3%c per lb: Dried Peppers, Re per lb:
Green Peppers, 75cfi$l 25 per box: Green Okra,
15c per lb; Egg Plant, $1 25@1 75 per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK. July 14. — Spot tin declined 15s
3d to £124 15s In London and futures then)
were £1 lower at £122. The local market was
also easier, closing at $27 40®27 00.
Copper advanced 7s 6d In London, spot there
closing at £5(1 15s for futures and £50 5s.
Locally, copper was quiet and unchanged. Lake
and electrolytic are quoted at $12 37%@13 and
casting at $13 25@13 b0.
Lead . advanced 2s Vd In London, whace It
closed at £11 8s Od, but remained quiet here
at »4 12%.
¦Spelter was unchanged in London at £20 17s
Cd and locally at $C@U 12%.
Ircn closed fit 52s 4d In Glasgow and at 4fis
4%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally, Iron was nomi
nally unchanged: No. 1 foundry. Northern.
$1« 00@19 50: No. 2 do. $17 50@18 50; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and do soft, $1S@1S 50.
Nciv York Metal Market.
The market continues quiet all around,, with
quotations unchanged. The shipping demand
for the East and Texas has been much lighter
of late.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 60JJ3 70: Pea, $3 25®
3 50- IJutters, $3 25: small White, $3 15(?3 30;
lart?e White. *2 fMVg3 15: Pink. $2 85<&3 10;
Red $2 90*53; Lima, ?3 46<g3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye. $2 50©3 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 25<ffl 55.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, ?3ff4: Flax, fl r,0t?2; Canary. 5%c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; . Rape, l»i«2%e:
Timothy, C««%c; Hemp, 3VJ@3%c per lb: Mil
let. 3iT3%c: Broom Corn Seed. flS<Sj20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal — none here.
Beans and Seeds.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 0 6% « 3% « 3^
Closing 6 «% « 3Vi 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening Holiday.
Clnitlng Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Foreign Futures.
LUMBER — The following retail prices wero
adopted April 10: Pine, ordinary sizes $219
25; extra sizes higher; Redwood, $23«.1O- Lath
4 feet. $3 50; Pickets. $24: Shingles. $2 35 for
No. 1 and $2 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $36^46.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 14.
Flour, qr sirs.. 160 Wool, bales .... 130
Wheat, ctls 2.400 Tallow, ctls .... 24«
Barley, ctls ... 6.080 Pel ts. No. 1575
Oats, ctls 2.2M Hides. No 3S5
Corn, ctls 47 Raisins, bxs .... 275
Beans, sks 150 Quicksilver, flks 4 1
Potatoes, skh .. 2. 70« Leather, rolls .. 103
Onions, sks 101 Sugar, ctls .... S0O
Bran, sks 15 Powder, car .... . '"¦¦%
Middlings, sks .. 2, Brandy, gali .. 25O
Hay, tons 1761 Wine, gals 31,470
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.049! Middlings, iks . 1.112'
Potatoes, iks .. 1.927iFeed, sks COS
Bran, sks 2,313)
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.«5c-
Powdered. 8.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c- Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only), 5 30c; Confectioners' A
5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c; Extra C. 4.00c; Goldan
C. 4.80c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c morei half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 5O-lb bajf»
JOc more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
5.00c: boxes. C.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool fl4»lA-
Bales, common. $1 90; Dairy, per ton $13 23 :
Half Ground. $12 25^12 75; Rock Salt. $10 SOO
12 25; Imitation Liverpool. $13 25^14: Granu
lated. $1.1 2m*14 rer ton. uu
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red ' Lead. 6®
b%c per lb; WhitJ Lead, 6®6%c. according to
quantity. *
QUICKSILVER— $44 50®4« for local use and
$43 50 per flask for export.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bnlk
14c: Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral 2OV4c :
Star. 2O%c: Extra Star. 24%c| Elaine 28%e :
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline In
bulk, 17c; In canes. 23%c: Benzln*. In bulk
13c; In cases, 19%c: S«-degree Gasoline, in
bulk, 21c; in cases 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon in cases and
64c In drum* and Iron barrels. •
OIL— Linseed. 4Sc for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels; rases, 6c more: Castor Oil In cases.
No. 1 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10«91 12; Lucol. 44c for
boiled and 42c for raw in barrels: Lard OIL ex
tra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases 95c-
China Nut. 57%6«2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm pure
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. flO®35c per gal
lon; Fish OH, in barrels, 45c: cases. 50e; Cocoa
nut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c for
Australian.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy. 2Og32c: extra
heavy. 30'340c per lb; medium, 27@£8c- light
24©20c; Rough Leather. 26@23c: Harness
Leather, heavy, 35<@39c for No. 1 and 306330
for No. 2: medium. 3O©37c: light. 29O3Se-
Skirttns;, No. 1. 40342c; .No. 2. 3<Kja8c: Collar
Leather. 15#lt!c per foot: Trace Leather 40<»
41c: Kip. unfinished. 4O«350c per lb; Veal fin
ished. 50QWC per lb: Calf, finished Mcfili per
lb: Wax Sides. 16@17e per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14«lt'c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $25©23 per ton; stick.
$13 SOtyitt per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican — ll®14c for prime
to fancy washed, 10®10%c for strictly good
washed. 9K@it\c for good washed. 7%gs$»c
for fair washed. 6S7Vic for medium, 4&Gc for
Inferior to ordinary. 8%©10%c for fair to
prime washed peaberry, 8@SV»o for good to
prime unwashed peaberry, 7©8c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua — I14t:l.> ncmlnal for prime to
fancy washed. XttlOc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed. J@7%c for good to su
perior unwashed. 7»4S3c for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Salvador — 11 Til 2c for strtctly prime washed.
S\tilOV»>c for good to prime washed. 7%@>(c
for fair washed, »<81rt%c for fair to prime
washed peaberry. S'SSfjC for good to prime
semi-washed. 7S'38c for superior unwashed.
7©7Vic for green unwashed, 7%©S*4c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry, 4't»6c for In
ferior to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12@13%e for strictly
prlnie to fancy washed. ll'«"ll%c for prime
washed. H-'i'ullo for good washed. 9%£ll%c
for good to prime washed peabarry, 8%®9^ic
for good to prime peaberry. 9^I0%c for good
to prime. 7©SV*c for fair. 4©tS* 4 c for common
to ordinary.
"Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King." 7%c;
blocks. ••Oriental." tic; blocks, Seabright. 6%c;
tablets. 7c; mid.lles, 7©8%c; boneless, 8'3»c;
Pickled Cod. bbls. $7 50; pickled Cod. half
bbl*. 14 75.
Weather Report.
1 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FKANCISCO. July 14—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
c _s "5F2 i
* - Tfc~C<S" — C —
STATIONS. J 5= 53:» s"" »
1 v s c c -1 2
: c S : : §
: ? ? i :
B«ker 30.08 72 40 N\V Gear Too
Carson .. 2».8« H2 44 W Pt.ndy .00
Eureka 3o.f»4 rto 48 N\V Oear .00
Fresno 29.84 »S 54 W Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 29.83 M 52 NE Kain .02
Independence .29.78 90 04 Si: <1eer .00
Los Angeles.. 29. M KS 5S SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpaas.29.i>«> 78 50 SW Pt.Cldy .00
North Head.. 30. 16 58 54 N\V Clear .00
Phoenix 2M.74 102 &4 SE Pt.Cldy T.
Pocatello 29. 9O 82 54 SW Clear .l«t
Portland Sn.OS 72 48 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 21*. Wi 5G 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29. b4 94 CO SE Pt.Cldy .00
Rosebur* 3O.0<> 78 42 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..2V.t>0 Uo M S Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake. 6tt
.san Francisco.29.9S C2 50 W rnear .00
P. L. Oblspo..29.M« 78 44 \V Clear .'»)
J5an Diego 2».8S 70 C6 BW Clear .(KJ
Seattle .10.22 6fl 4S NW <"lear »io
Hp»,kane 3w.l4 72 44 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh S0.24 0<» 5o NW Clear .(rj
Walla WaJla.:{«».0s 7>> 48 FW Clear .00
Winnemucca .29.88 MS o<) NE Pt.ridy .00
"Vuma 1*9.70 t«0 S2 aw Pt.Cldy AH
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GEN ERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather jirevalls over the
SOUthcm I'ortlon of the Pacific Slope and fair
over the northern. Li^ht shower* are report-
Mi from Arizona. High northwest winds are
it-ported from the Washington coast.
The pressure ha« fallen *lorsK the Parlfic
Coast and fallen over the i.ueilor. An ar>-a
•>t hffch pressure overlies Uritish Columbia and
the lowest pressure is rt-p<irteU from Arizona.
The fir.j^rature has risen over Oregon and
Southern Washington and fallen over Arizcna.
In California the changes have li«en slight.
Tiie t-ir.perature is slightly be!ow the n>nnar
throughout. California.
Forecast made at San Franolsco for thirty
hour*, endinjr mldniirht. July 15: • '
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday- fre*h
west wind.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Han Francleoo and vicinity— Fair, except
cloudy or foggy in tbe morning;; fresh west
win , d - , 1. G. H. WILLSON.
l»eal Forecaster, Temporarily in Charge.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m .,
12('th meridian time. San FrancUco, July li: '
2 g! 2 o <
STATIONS. |lll |f *l
3 5 13 : : i
: : ?? : : :
• : •' : : :
cioverdale S2 47 ... Clear
Colusa t«) 55 ... Clear .... ."
Eureka <;o 4S ... Clear NW 10
Fresno 08 54 ... Pt.Cldy W 10
Hanford Mf 53 ... Clear
Holllster Clear
Independence . . 9S W ... Clear SE i'2
King City K« 38 ... clear N
Ltvermore V2 48 ... Clear
Los Angeles K9 5* ... Pt.Cldy SW *8
Napa 81 58 ... Pt.Cldy S
Newman 101 05 ... Clear ....
Palermo iti 4N ... Pt.Cldy S
Rtd liluff i*i m ... Pt.Cldy SE a
Riverside 9<5 54 ... Clear
Sacramento »0 5«J ... Pt.Cldy S *6
htn Uiego 70 60 ... Clear SW 8
San Francisco.. «2 50 ... Clear W -24
Pan Jose R4 50 ... Clear
F. L. Oblspo 78 4* ... Clear XV 8
Santa Iloca SI 42 ... Clear .... ..
Stockton 88 52 ... Clear ....
Willows 82 57 ... Pt.Cldy 8
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Weather conditions unchanged.
Colusa — Grain conditions gt>od; peaches ripen
ing; output dried apricots large.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Llvermore — Grain turning out poorly In most
places.
King City — Farmers storing grain.
Palermo— -On account of cool weather fruit
Is ripening clowly.
Hanford — Fruit crop exceptionally good;
ripening fast: grain good.
Riverside — Hatch black scale are being killed
by hot weather.
Clcverdale — Grape crop more encouraging.
Napa — Corn looking fine.
Kanta Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Etocktcn — Grain arriving at mills and ware
houses In larre quantities.
GEO. H. WILLSON. Section Director.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. ".ViiMk-; No. 2 red,
75'. i i(7* 1 .ic: No. 2 corn. Z*)\ 4 r; No. 2 yellow.
5O»«i:; No. 2 oate, XSQ'.iScX No. 2 while. '.WQ
VA'VjC: No. 3 white. 33*4G34c; No. 2 rye. 49%c;
good feeding barley. 4'Wil2c; fair to choice
malting. 4Sfiolc: No. 1 fluxreeU. »7c: No. 1
Northwestern, M 02; prime timothy seed,
?:« 40: mw pork, per bbl. $14{il4 12%: ionl.
jier loi> lbs. $7 42%fj7 45; shun ribs side3
(loose). ?M :ii>; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$7 75'g7 77%; ehort clear sides i boxed). $S OO^J
8 62%; clover, contract Krad^. $H So® 11 75.
Articles — IJrcelpts. Shipments.
Klour. barrels i:t.4"><» J<,42o
Wheat, bushels . r .2.47.*> 4h.87D
Corn, bushels 2J>4,I0<l 277.7S0
Oats, bushtls 243,000 1D3.70O
Rye, bushels 6,650 710
narley, bushels 20,4oo 47,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creumeries. 1~4f2Oc; eggs,
at mark, cases returned, 12gi4c; cheese,
fcteady.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July, old 7C% 77U 75% '6'/t
July, new ">'. 77 75% 70%
September, old. 77% 7S 7tl»« 77»^
September. n»-w 77 '¦« 77 T{, 7«% 77? 8
Corn No. 2 —
July 4!>'i *B~i «8% 4(it;
September r«M ; 51% V)% 4!» T S
December . r >0 ¦'<> *'¦> 41*%
Oats No: 1'—
July :::>i.. 3»»4 30% B9>4
September :{4' 4 :I4> 4 3:i% m?*
December :M T t, ¦ "C*%- 34 M%
SI"** Pork, per 1>1<1 —
July 14 in 14 10 13 !»r. 13 05
September 14 ::i) 14 40 14 02% 14 20
Kali!, per lOO It? —
July 7 4.-i 7 45 7 42% 7 42%
September 7 57% 7 «'..'> 7 SB 7 t>~ >j
l>ceeml*T 7 4<> 7 53 7 40 7 45
Short K'.bs, per 100 Its—
juu- k 2."» 8 :u> s 2.'. . 8 r.f>
•September B 82$} {i.'JT'.j s 2.". M :w>
October ;8 00 8 ofi 7 1)2% 8 W
There was considerable sellinc of corn by
commission houses early on bearish crop ad
vices, favorable weather and cables and the
market declined from the opening which was
easy at a shadp to >i<S%e lower for Septem
ber at UOVilijjO'/ac. A demand ! developed
later, howaver ar.d brought about a reaction,
country offerings l.eins smaller and sentiment
divided as to the future trend of the market.
September clo?ed feteady at 50Tsc, a gain of
*-•»!%(! after ranging- between 4U ! »tc and 51%e.
Local receipts, :i00 cars, with US of contract
rra<Je.
There was a fair trade in oats and 'the mar
ket ruled t teaily with but little chanee in
prices. Some of the big local traders are still
bullish on the crop situation, but bought on
the declines. September closed at a loss of
Vi at .'« 7 i,c, after ranging between 3:;»s©33%c
and .'M'ic
A good demand from commission houses and
brokers and some Indication of support from
leading packers heM provisions tlrm. Offer
ings wore fairly liberal, but not sufficient to
more than supply the demand. September
pork closed r«c lower at $14 £¦>. while lard and
ribs, were unchanted sit $7 5T% and $S 30.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, July 14.— Good buying by com
mission houses which were on the bear side yes
terday cause.l strength in wheat. Buying was
the result of a general impression that the de
lay of the past lew days had about reached
its limit. and a free cnTering by shorts. There
was a ffellns of weakness soon after the open-
Ins which was a ehade to J4@9t»! higher for
September at 77 to 77 He Bearish weather
advices and easier cables resulted In a decline
to 70%c. With the improved demand, how
ever, and Hsrht offerings, a better market re
sulted and September went up to 77TsC. The
close was at a gain of %c at 77%@77%c.
Clearances of wheat and flour were equal to
1&2.777 bu^helF.
Chicago Grain Market.
Eureka Summary — Hay barrest Is progress
ing rapjdly; yield light- Vegetables on bottom
Jands are doing well. The condition of fruit
Is generally rood; apples are v*ry promising,
smd cnerrtet the largest crop known.
Retail Meat Prices.
¦ The following retail rri?e« for Meats are
. quoted fcj the Retail butchers" Protective As
rocieUos:
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15S3Sc; Porterhouse
Straic. lSS"22%c; Tenoerloin Steak. 15^ 18c;
- hlrioln Steak. 12%© 15c; Top Round Steak.
!2%c; Beef S?:ew, 10c: Corned B?ef. SfelOc;
Voup Bcnet. 4c; Soup Meat. 531OC
\EAL—Loin Rcaft. i.>:r2l>c: Shoulaer Roast.
;2 : 's615c; Chops or Cutlets. U>w2wc. Ster.\ 12%
.MCTTOSf— bsc 12%ffl.V; Korequarter. SQ
K»c Stew. Ssjjfioc; Prime Choi*. 12%lii.>»c.
LAMB — Choi*. 20c; For«~quarter. I2'«st»15^;
M'ndQuarter. XKJ52«>c-; :»hc>uld=r Roast. 108
i; l nc- Cher* 15fclkc.
P*'RK — Hoast. 12%felH~: ChefW, 15tfISc.
' These j ricei do net cover the cheaper snides,
a? it (1 :rn;x*s:ble to quote regular prices on
their-
Xew York Hop Market.
Latest mail adrlce* from New Ycrk say of
Hcp«:
•'Business continued Flow ar3 the tone cf the
market was ea*y. Telegraphic advices recrlveu
from th« coast reported holder* of 1SJC2 hops
more anx:ous sellers, and stated that the prict-s
-fcked raided li«-m lie tor ordinary up to 17%c
:or choice ureulf*. The?e prices fhow a de
cline «.f about 3c j*-r pound trom those ruling
eaxly in June. Reflecting the wett«.*-r advioui
•roni the W«St. the local marli^t was easier.
' motaSSosi being lowered shout 'ic 1*1 jwund.
•T.e dtcl.ne. howevrr. in the New York jnarK-t
va* r.^t *o great a* on the coast, due to the
(act thit vaiuc* locally were be'.ow the paruy
if those ruling In the primary markets. Latest
aov.w from l>u*r!and point to a. crop of aWit
425 OOO cwt. «ir,d the fonUnental crop i*_e*U
rr.ited at atoout the eame as U»t year- .j0,O"0
10 NI'.ISJO cut."
The Weather and Crops. ¦
¦ \. G. McAiie. section director of the climate
.tnd crop service cf the Weather Bureau, is
tues the CoUowioc rcj»«1 for the w«-ek:
¦ Nearly normal weather preratled Lhrcughout
t"iie Sti.te during Uie week. IV.gti winds in por
tiooa of the interior caused *^-* damage to
M^rJirx grai:i. 3-fl nveral hundred a. rt-s of
tint tn th«- wer« destroyed
by fire. Foe* iirrvai^a ia Ji-*. coast U!stricts.
:>.e <J*mspe 10 r:-r.p» ».\ th- winl of the pre
ceding »ttk was ov<-»rest!nu.tcc.
The rratn cn>!> la b*in« rapidly harvef-ie^
Ud stored. Pome s»h;j;:nents i>re batag :r.».lc.
i.jt molt of the crop will probably go l« the
warehoji-es. The yeli of wheat and barley In
1 he central ana northern sections i* Fomewhat
bekw average, but as harvest the
crop in many duuicts is pro\;ng much better
than expected u lev. werks ego, while ?oir.e re
"i*«-.s ebuw that the jie'.d is nearly averace
i.ate wbeat is rlo*!y maturir.g and a very
fcir.all crop will be gathered In some places.
Vi heat, oats and buMey in Southern California
are fUMtDg the be&t craps for ruaxy year*.
Uoi-s a the Bcsoma Valley sre menaced by a
pett whlcb flfUoyi vine and fruit, and it Is
probabie tbe crop will be light. Sujr^r beeis
and beans were benefited L> the coo! fc^gy
r.ifiLtt.
• Grant's are in excellent condition in all sec
tions ar.d the prefect lor a heavy yseld was
never better. Ls>te report* ini.catt that decid
uous ftuitb were not seriously u^inageu Ly w:n<3
dunr-s the preceding ¦*•«* sr.d tnat in nio^t
secuoss the yield will be tul.y average. A^ri
¦ cots are of superior quality and the yie^d oetier
'Ajlz. exacted. Apples srUI yield heavi:>.
. l»eaciic« art ripenins slowly. V\ alnuu will L>e
light Citrus fruits are in good condition.
fcacr&rr.ento Valley.— The temperature during
the wetk was elightly Ulow normal, but con
' diuoas were ciuca more tavorable for cic-ijs
tb*.n daring the precedir^r we^k. Fires In V0J0
Coucty destroyed several hundred acres of wheat.
It ;s reported that the damage to grain by the
dry northerly winds of the preceding week was
rreatly overestimated and that the lots will
b« coroparativtly light. Late sown wheat is
nv+r.-.ag slowly and a small crop will be gath
ered in seme sections. Harvesting and thra*D
".« continue. Early mheat is yielding a better
crop than expected in some places, and barley
is a good crop in nearly ail sections. Heps
axe d'j'.r^ fairly well, but a li«nt yield it
probabie. Dried apricots are being shipped
from Butte County. The yield of apricots in
•orne sections is reported much larger than esti
mated. Peaches are ripening elowiy and prunes
will be 1st* on account of cool weather. Grapes
are in excellent condition and will probably t
yield heaM'.y.
• Coast and Bay Sections.— The weather dur
inj the week was wana and dry in the inte
rior but cool and foggy along the coast. Grain
harvest progressed rapidiy and is nearly com
pleted In come section*. Rarley is a good crop
in most places. Early wheat filled out weii.
but wa» considerably damaged by the hijfli
winds cf tbe preceding week and the yield will
b* ligtit In lome sections. There will probably
be a light crop of late wheat in some of the'
northern districts. The hop fields of Sonoma
•<^cunty are eaid to be infested with hop Uoe,
a pest which quickly destroys vines and fruit,
and It Is feared the crop will be serioueiy ln
'-jured. Sugar beets are doing well, but the
acreage is reported email. Com and beets arc
bl rood condition In ir.oel places. All report*
¦ arre* as to the excellent condition and pros
pective large yield of grspen. The first crop
of apples at Cioverdale has been gathered and
the^secend is ripening. Some damage is being
Cone to arples and pears In f-'an IScnlto County
by codling moth. Aprieote are ripening: the
..;¦.¦ is better than test season's, and the
yield is fair tn most pltces. Early Crawford
peache* are backward at Peachland. Berries
at ell kinds are ripe and plentiful. The dam
. Eire to fruit by the hot wind» of the preceding
week wae le»is than estimated.
Pan Joaquin Valley. — Oar. warm days ar.d
cool eights prevailed during the week, with
high northerly winds In some section*. Stand
ing grain was considerably injured by the wind. 1
Harvesting and tbrathins; continue. Wheat is
reported of excellent quality and the yield is
fair, though not <julte up to ax-erase. The
third crcp of alfalfa is being cut in Stanislaus !
County; a large part of the crop in Tulare
County If bring left for seed. The cool nights 1
were beneBciai to iwriuring fruit*. All decidu
ous fruits are In excellent condition snd will
yield heavily la nearly all sections. Eastern
shipments are increasing rapidly and large
Quantities are being dried and canned. Aprl
cotm are of superior quality. Grapes are mak
ing; satisfactory growth and prospects for heavy
crf>p« were never letter.
Southern California. — Nearly normal weather
•conditions prevailed during the week. The cool.
f<-rry w«*.th«r along the coast was beneficial to
beets and beans, and the warm, deer days In 1
the interior haeten'id the ripening of deciduous j
fruits and benefited oranges. Grain harvesting
and thrashing are progressing In all sections,
and the yield of wheat, oats and barley is re
ported excellent, rroepects are good for a large
crop of beane In the Santa Maria district.
Apricots are ripening slowly along the coast,
but picking ha« commenced In «ome places:
the fruit is of good quality, but the yield will
be ligtit. Pearheg are ripening In the Interior.
Arp'es will yield a good crop. Grapes are In
"excellent condition and h*avy crops are expect
ed. Walnuts at Anaheim are not doing well
and the yield will probably be light. Citrus
fruits are thrifty.
Los Angeles Summary. — Seasonable weatber
beneficial to crepn. Thrashing is In progress.
Canneries are In full operation. The demand
for Irrigating water Is Increasing. Royal apri
cots are about harvested.
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, loss 80
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. &S9c: Cows and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows. 4<8&c per lb.
CALVES — 4®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%£3%o per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring, $2 75iC3 Per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6V 4 ©tJ%c;
under 140 lbs, 5%<««c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 p«r c«nt
off from above quotations.
— — — .
General Merchandise,
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.7585c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32ff35c: Fleece Twins. T%®
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. «!<»c. <J%c and 7Vic*for
the three grades.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association announces tha following
price list for 10o3 pack:
" m v m w
• ao ~ R 8
FRUITS. Z eL E C"
5 5 .* :
s r : •
Apples $1 K>;$1 30 $1 2O'$l 10
Apricots 1 50 1 20 110 1 OO
Blackberries 1 60| 1 40 1 30 1 2O
Cherries. R. A 2 15 1 fr> 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white 175 160 135
Cherries, black 200 173 160 135
Grapes 1 i5 120 110 1 O»
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 60 1 30 1 15 1 u'»
Lemon Cling Peachas. . 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 In
Do sliced 175 145 120 1 ID
White H'th. Peaches... 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 li>
Pears ISO 160 1 3O 115
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 03 U'.
Raspberries 2 5012 25 2 10 1 &¦»
Strawberries 2 OO, 1 75 1 60 1 «v>
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $»; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5 5O; Greta, $7: Wallsend.
$7 30; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $13: Welsh Lump. $11 CO; Cannel. $3 60
per ton; Coke, $11 r.ic<>i:i per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$4 45 per 21)00 lbs and $3 5O per ton. according
to brand.
CORDAGE— The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or % par cent discount for
cash: Manila, 14%c; Sisal, ll%c; Duplex,
lu%c: Bale Hope. ll'311%c per pound.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c;
cases, regular. 5c: cases, extra large. AV«e;
Eastern style. €c; boneless, 6c; "Norway,** tic;
Local dealers are now reporting a very b'rlsk
demand for Wool, and the defective grades are
moving off as well as the free clips. The
feeling Is flrm and the market Is In good shape.
New York continues to qunte a very weak
and declining market for Hops. and this
market is also much weaker than it was some
weeks ago. with growers letting go at low»r
prices. The latest mall reports from New
York will be found In the first column.
Hides are reported easy, .in sympathy with
the Eastern markets.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 8%c: Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c: Salted Kip. itc: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10%c: dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip. 14c:
dry Calf, 10c: Sheersklns, shearlings. 25©:$0c
each; shot wool. 40@65c each; medium. 70®
90c; long wool. $1@I 60 each; Hor*e Hides,
salt, %i 75 for large and $2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium^ $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dr>
Mexican, 32%c: dry salted Mexican. 28c: dry
Central American, — 33e. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5@5%c per lb;
No. 2. 4%<94%c; grease. 2%©3%c.
WOOL— Fall cllD — San Joaquln Lambs'. 0@
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humb<ildt and Mendodno, 18®C0c; Foothill,
defective. U«J13c: Nevada. 12®15c; San Joa
quln. defective. 8«311c per lb; Southern. 9@
lie; Valley Oregon, fine. 17@18o; do. medium.
16©17c; do, coarse. 15Q10c; Lambs', 15c per
pound.
HOPS— 15©18c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Private wire* frcm Chicago yesterday said:
"The Provision market has become a sick af
fair. Evidently the big packers have become
tired of suc^ortlng prices. Hogs keep com
ing and the demand Is poor. Outside and specu
lative trade Is small."
In the local market barreled Pork has ad
vanced, belnr well cleaned up, while the de
mand is good. Lard, on the contrary, is weak,
and dealers are quoting a wider range In
priors. Hams are scarce and firm. Bacon Is
steady, with fair stocks.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15; for light. 15%c
for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and li>c
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern *ugar-c#red
Hams, 15%c; California Hams, 14%fU5c: Mess
Beef. $11 50Q12 per bbl: extra Mess. $129
12 50; Family. $1.1 50: Drlme Mess Pork. »li».
extra clear. $26; Mes.«. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12 He; PIk Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb.
LAKK— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb fc
compound nnd 0%(gl0V4c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. 10#10%c; 10-lb tins. lO%011c; 3-lb
tins. 10S.@imc; 3-lb tins. 10%smt,c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. OTic: three
half barrels. 0%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, &%c per lb.
Provisions.
There is no furthsr news In this market. In
the course of several weeks new fruits will
commence to arrive in sufficient quantity for
the establishment of quotations, but at present
previous conditions prevail. Some new Honey
Is coming In and Is nominally quoted as be
low, but definite quotations have hardly been
fixed p.s yet.
FRUITS— New Apricots. 7g<»c; old Apricots.
e%<p<7%r for Royal and 7S0c frr ordinary
Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4"-/.j%c: sun
dried. .".©4c; Peaches-. 4®5%c: P«rs, 434%e
for quarters and 5ij*i%c for halves; Nri'tarines.
4(g5c for white; "Plums, 4®f^ for i.ltted and
l^/'l%e for unpittsd; Figs. 3%@lc for black
and -HjDc for white.
PRUNES — 1002 crop. 2%S2%c for the four
sl.'.es, with %«ilc premium for the larga s'zes.
RAISINS — HMS crop ar? quoted s* follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxe*. S'.ic per
1b; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-orown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, fie; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown London Layer*. 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 50;" 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 0-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, ?3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons'. 7%e; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnut*. No. 1 softshell, 12%@i:?c:
No. 2, 10%«?ll%c: No. I hardshell. 11%®12c;
No 2 l(!f?10%c- Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%!gllc for I X L. 10<ifl0%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and S*JS%c for Languedoc: P<*anuts, 5®7c
tor Eastern; Pecan*. 1 If/ 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
£5.
HONEY— Comb, new, nominal at 13@14%c;
new water white extracted, 6%c; light amber
extracted. Be; dark, 5®5%c.
BEESWAX— 27&20C per lb.
Receipts of small tree fruits from the river
continue light, but receipts from other sec
tions were liberal and the market was amply
supplied with most descriptions. Basket lots
of fruit cleaned up quickly on the wharf and
Apricots and Peaches brought higher prices.
There was a steady Inquiry for shipment north
en the Sound steamer out to-day, and Plums.
Prunes and Apricots In crates moved freely at
steady prices. Fancy 4-tler Gravensteln Ap
ples and choice wrapped Bartlett Pears found
r»'ady nale at the maximum quotations. Ex
cept for some strictly fancy yellow varieties.
Peaches In boxes were hard to dispose of. Re
ceipts of Flga were less liberal than for ume
days past and prices of double layer drawers
and large packages had a sharp little ad
vance. Easier i*tces ruled for Cherries and
Grapes, crferlngs being generally of poor qual
ity. Watermelons continued rather easy. An
other car came In from Fresno. Cantaloupes
and Nutmejr Melons were offering freely from
several sections and moved uff well at good
prices. Choice Blackberries. Loganberries and
Currants met with a steady demand, and aa
receipts were light prices ranged higher. Rasp
berries and Strawberries were in free supply
and unchanged. ,
Aside from a decline in Mexican Limes,
there was nothing new to report In Citrus and
Tropical fruits. The Panama steamer brought
up 4i<2 cases of Limes, hence the decline.
STRAWBERRIES— Hi*" per chest for Long
worths and $2*83 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES — ?4©« Der chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $1 75-83 per chest.
BLACK BGKR1ES— *2 50l&4 p»r chest.
CURRANTS— *2 50«f3 DO per chest.
APPLES— 50c"?$l 5O per box: C'rabapples. 30
<g50c Tor small b'j.xes and 7&c<R$l for large.
PRARS— Bartleus, $1@1 25 per box for
choice and 25©75c for common; Dearborn.
Seedlings. eoStiSc per box and SO'ftSOc per
'basket.
K1GS — Single-layer, 25@35c per drawer;
double-layer, 5047<l5c per drawer; large boxes
from the river, X3c£?.$l.
PLUMS— 25&40e p«r box, 4C885c per crate
and 20035c per basket.
- PRUNES — Tragedy, &0"g6flc per crate and
25fi50o per basket; Simon!. 60@65c per crate.
CHERRIES— Blaok, 50^7.V per box: Royal
Anne. *JOi5775c per box and «^7c per Ib in bulk.
APRICOTS — lC©75c per hox or crate; bas
kets from the river, 35<g50c; In bulk. $20@35
per ton.
PEACHES— 40>gC0c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river.
soaeoc.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coaeh»IIa, $2»
2 50 per crate; from Bakersfleld. $2 M-S3; from
Winters. $3©.1 50; Nutmeg Melons from • the
river $2@2 50 per box; Watermelons from
Ccachella. 1Ci@30c each: from Fresno. $1 75©
3 HO per doz.
GRAPES— From Yuma. CO.?g$l for Seedless
Sultana and 73off$1 for Blark Malvolse.
CITRUS FRUITS— Ouotatlona for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel OT&ng?s. $1 50fe2 50 per box; Seedlings,
SitfH 25; Val«ric!as. SI 7.Vq:!; St. Michaels.
*1 M<{i'2 75. Lemons. 7.Te<?rfl for standard.
$1 25@1 75 for choice and 5>2#2 75 for fancy:
Grape Fruit, $1©1 23! Mexican Limes. $5<®
5 50; Bananas, $1 5Cf»2 5(> per bunch for Cen
tral American and 79c9fl 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2?f3 ivr dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Hay were only 176 tons, and the
market was less week In consequence. But
dealers say that were cars plentiful there would
be n very weak and oversupplied market.
Fran Is quoted flrm. with" an Increasing de
mand and moderate offerings. The othsr Feed
stufTs arr strady ar.d unchanged.
BRAN— $24925 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *27iB3O per ton.
SHORTS — *24fi25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley J22JT23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2t3<???« 50;
Jobbing J'J7fl27 50: Cocoanut Cake $20031;
Corn Meal. ?27 50<82S Go; Cracked Corn. S2S BQ
€29 50; Mixed Feed, $?2@23; Horse Beans,
$30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $1C«M2 50; Wheat and
Oat. $!>BO«11; Oat $8 50012; Bariey. *S £00
10 50; Clover. $!W10; Stock, $7 6088 50; Al
falfa JSfflO per ton.
STRAW — 35®60c per bale.
Hax and Feedsiuffs.
.Flour continues quiet. Millstuffs are moving
off well nt recent recovery in prices.
FLOl'R— California Family Extras. S< 403
4 C", usual termR; Bakers' ' Extras. $4 30i?
4 40; Oregon and Washington, $*> 705J4 per
bbl for Family and $3 7Ofr4 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flcur. ?'! 25 per 1W> lbs: Ry«
Flour. $1 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7:
Corn Meal. $3 25: . xtra crenm do. $4: Oat
Groats ?4 DO; Hominy. (Ifi t 2.*»; Buckwheat
Flour. $* MXS4 75: Cracked Whrat. $:i 50; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $J 60; Rolled
Oat*. bblB. $6 7508*60; In sacks. $'l 25<gS 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Pfas. ?5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
'"Market closes about half cent better than
yesterday. It ia still an active and rather
broad market. Cables were on the whole weak
and Broomhall reports conditions generally fa
vorable for European crops. The weekly Gov
ernment report says the thrashing returns »re
on the whole disappointing on winter wheat
and that rain is needed In some sections of the
-Northwest with crop heading out nhott. Ill
inois State report was bullish on Wheat. Rain
is still neede<l In some sections of the North
west. Prevailing cool weather, however, modi
fl?s the danger. Cash premiums are well main
tained In the Southwest markets, and for cer
tain grades of Wheat in this market. Move
ment of the new crop continues very small,
but the rjuaJity so far Is good. The movement
and cash demand will from now on be .im
portant factors and will be watched with In
terest.' The outlook la for a good scalping mar
ket, but we still feel that materially lower
prices*, are hardly probable. We would rather
take our chances in buying Wheat on the
breaks."
New Wheat. $1 37Viftl 42% for shipping and
SI 45@l 10 for mlllinE.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. *1 +.WJI 42%: California
White Australian. $1 rniJfl 52%: Northern
Club. $1 40@l 42%; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 4S%@1 CO; Oregon Vall»y. $t 47%.
FUTURES.
Session !) to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 ."(7*4 $1 89 $1 37"» $1 3S%
May— $l 40% bid, $1 41% asked.
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 39.
BARLEY — Showed no further change yes
terday. The dtmand was not active, but hold
ers were indifferent about selling?, while buy
ers were also disposed to confine their pur
chases to their Immodlate n»fds.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. ne%, $1 oi'itfl 03%: new shipping and
brewing. $1 12%(R1 17%; old brewing $1 15®
1 20; Chevalier. SI 10O1 3ft for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session !» to 11:30 a. m.
Open. Hltrh. Low. Cl<->se.
December .. Ji2'4 H2>i! i»2'i 92%
2 p. ro. Session.
December — 92 %c.
OATS— The market has been rathtr quiet
during the past few Jays. The large Govern
ment order no longer attracts attention and the
local demand Ip light. So are offerings, hence
the market Is an Idifferent one all around.
Now Rtd $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
Old crop— Whit*. $1 17^61 25: Black $1 10
eil 17%; Red. $1 12%fil 17% for common and
$1 2(^1 25 for rholee; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Quotations continue flrm. with light
receipts and offering*, but net murh demand,
as prices are too hlt;h for much activity.
California larpe Yellow. $1 40<jrl 45: ymall
round do. $1 7W1 75; White. 51 40<Sl 43:
Egyptian $1 -ir.-fel 50 for White and $1 404)
1 45 for Brown.
RYE— Is dull but steady at $1 lOffl 15 per
ctl.
• BUCKWHEAT— $1 "G2 per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates remain un
changed at about 17s Cd, usual European op
t'.ons. The chartered wheat fleet In port has a
registered tonnage of 27,500, against 2S, 400 tons
on the tame date last year; disengaged, 82,950
tons, against 25.S00: en the way to this port,
390,000 tons, against 2711.C0O.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were lower. Brad
street's gave the world's visible supply a de
crease of 4,l(J0,fH)O bushels. The Manitoban
crop was reported deteriorating.
This market was firm, with higher futures.
Ca?h grain was unchanged.
. The ChiccEO Icttsr of Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. said:
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver continues to advance.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — -¦ 4 88%
New York Exchange, alsht — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, i>er ounce • — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — - 41%
Exchange and Bullion.
Local stocks and bonds inactive and featureless. >
New York stock market several points lower.
Sihcr continues to advance. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat Arm. Wheat freights still lozv and weak.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Flour quiet. MiUstutfs steady.
Hay trade still handicapped by the car shortage.
Bran firm, zvith lighter offerings. Other Feedstuff s steady.
Beans and Seeds quiet at unchanged quotations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs firm, with moderate stocks.
Chicago reports a very depressed Provision market.
New York continues to report weakness in Hops.
Hides and Tallow in fair demand. Wool in brisk movement.
Dried Fruit market quiet at previous prices.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply and steady.
Potatoes lower and weak. Onions steady.
Poultry in large receipts and weaker.
Fruit market well supplied and without especial feature.
Luccl Oil is lower.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
steady to flrm under a fair Jobbing demand.
Common, 4@5iic; prime, 5%!&5%c: choice,
tic: fancy. 0Vi@7%c.
PRUNES — tipot prunes are firm, with some
export demand noted, but prices remain un
chanKed, ranging from 3c to 7c for all gTades.
APRICOTS — Rule steady on spot. Futures
are freely offered, but attract little attention.
Choice arc looted 7%'tfS%c and fancy 10®
12 %c.
• CACHES — Steady and unchanged at 7@
7 Vie for choice and S@10%c for fancy.
NEW YORK, July 14.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17,450 barrels; exports. 4036; market was
quiet but steady. Winter straights, $3 60®
3 85.
WHEAT— Receipts, 48.1CO bushels; sales,
2.125,000 bushels futures. Spot steady. No.
2 red, t>5c elevator and 86 f. o. b., afloat: No.
1 Northern Duluth. 92%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Manitoba. 97%c f. o. b., afloat. Options
displayed fair activity and weakness during
the forenoon owing to continued fine weather
and offerings of new wheat. Later they,
rallied on an unfavorable weekly Govern
ment crop report and closed firm at %c net
advance. Sales included No. 2 red July. 83%
©85c, closed 85c: September, 81%@82l4c,
closed S2%c; December. SlVi@S2%c, closed
HOPS— Easy. Pacific Coast. 101)2 crop. 17
©21 %c; 1901, 13® 10c; olds, 6@8c. '
HIDES— Easy.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 invoice,
5 3-16c; mild easy; Cordova, 7 l-16c. Th«
market for coffee futures closed 5® 10
points. Sales, 12,125 bags. September. 3.85c;
November 4. 00® 4. 05c; December, t.30c; Jan
uary, 4.35c; March, 4.50c; May, -».fiOc.
SUGAR— Raw llrm. Fair reiinintr, 3%c;
centrifugal, 00 test, 3 ! )«c; molasses sugar.
2%c. Reflned flrm.
DRIED FRUITS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 14. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la, 76@78c; Bluest em, 80c; Valley. 77@78c.
Consols, money... 92% N Y Central ....120
Do aect 02% Norfolk A West. 66
Anaconda. 4»i Do prefd 02
Atchlson 66% Ontario & West.. 24 T4
Do prefd 02% Pennsylvania .... 62%
B*ito * Ohio .. 66 Rand Mines log
LONDON CLOSING 8TOCK8,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlngh Com..'.. 85
Call loans 3®4 United Copper .. 14
Time loans .4ftu Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 4
Atchlson 4s 08% Allouez 5
Mex Cent 4s 90 Amalgamated ... 40
ItaHroads— )lingham 23%
Atchlson <«% Calumet & Hecla.425
Do prefd 89 Centennial 16%
Boston & Albany.24f Copper Range .. 48%
Boston & Maine.. 160% Dominion Coal .. 08
Boston L 140 Franklin 8
N Y N H & H..195% Isle Royale 6W
Fltchburg prefd.. 1S5 Mohawk 38
Union Pac 77H Old Dominion ..11%
Mex Cent 20% Osceola 60%
Miscellaneous— Parrot 119
Amer Bugar ....115% Qulncy 95
Do prefd ....118% ] Santa Fe Copper. 1 •
Amer T & T ..128% Tamarack 90
Dom I & 8 14 Trlmountaln 84
Gen Electric ...171 Trinity. 4*'
Mass Elec 24 United States ... 18%
Do prefd 82 Utah 26?4
United Fruit 102 Victoria 314
U S Steel 27% Wlnona ...;..... 714
Do prefd 78H!wolvertn« 64
Adams Con 08, Little Chief Off
Alice 20, Ontario 6 50
Breece 15 Ophlr 1 45
Brunswick Con .. 03 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel. 07 % Potosl 22
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage 13
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev ; eg
Iron Silver 160. Small Hopes 25
LeadvIIle Con ... 02 Standard 2 50
lenders are in consequence extremely loth to
consider any requests for loans but those of the
highest grades. It is current report that not
only the grade of collateral but the Intended
use of the money is closely scrutinized by the
lenders. There is a story current of a refusal
by one of the great Wall-street banks to lend
something over $1,000,000 on the highest grade
of collateral because the Industrial purposes
for which the loan was designed did not meet
the approval of the bank official*. It is
pointed out by the Financial Chronicle that
the same adjustment of value to a hleher ln
terest bawls which has been In progress on the
Stock Exchange for a long time has also been
-going on in the municipal bond field. In which
the list of offerings which met with no bids is
constantly lengthening. The advance in the
money rate had the effect of weakening sterl
ing exchange and Inducing the selling of loan
bills by bankers and the sharp rise in the
premium on New York exchange at Chicago
Indicated the pressure to remit to this center.
The Weather Bureau's weekly crop report
had an unfavorable effect, as It- concerned
wheat, but the good promise of corn and cotton
would have been sufficient to offset this influ
ence In the stock market. All news of a fa
vorable character was Ignored, although Bai
tlmore and Ohio showed some early resistance
to decline on Its favorable showing of net
earnings for the year. Pennsylvania again
broke through the subscription price of 120 and
cloned at 116%. New York Central was weak,
but did not get back to yesterday"s low level.
Bonds were weak in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, rax value, $2,295,000. United
States bonds were all unchanged on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 51,300 05& «:2% ($3%
Atchison pfd 1,0-10 !K)% *}»% 8QVi
Bait & Ohio 22,400 84 • S2 82
Bait & Ohio pfd 92
Canadian Pacific . 21.000 122 110% 119%
Central of N J 400 161 ltiO 158
Chea & Ohio 1.400 3«% 35 :>5V4
Chic &. Alton 2,300 26% 25 25
Chic & Alton pfd . 200 60% UC% titi%
Chic & G W 1,000 lT'/s V,% 17»fc
Chic & O W B pfd 1.200 34!, 34U'i 38%
Chicago &. N W.. 1 200 1C5% W»H 1°*
Chic Term & T.... 100 121,4 12% 12%
Chic Term & T pfd 560 22% 21 21%
C, C, C & St L 200 81% 73 79.
Colo Southern 900 16% 15% 15
Colo South 1st pfd. J.4C0 55 54 54
Colo South 2d pfd 24%
Del & Hudson 400 lt!S% 1CS 168
Del. Lack & West. 1,700 243% 210 242
Denver & R G ... 700 2ti% 23% 25 V*
Denver & R G pfd. (HM 81 7t»% 79%
Krl e 2.200 31% 30V« 30%
Erie lrt pfd 2.300 04% «H% «>4%
Erie 2d pfd 900 66 5.1 54?;
Great Northern pfd 170
Hock Valley 400 HIM 7S 79%
Hock Valley pfd .. 100 87 S7 - 87
Illinois Central ... 12,000 129% 12H 126%
Iowa Central . 800 25% 25% 24
Iowa Central pfd . ' 100 4M 43 42
K C Southern 100 22% 22% 22
K C South pfd 41
Louis & Nash 3.100 108^ 106% 100%
Manhattan L 2.900 K!3% 132 131%
Met St Ry 1,200 119% 118% 118<S S
Minn & St L .". 78
Missouri Pacific .. 22,200 l<Ht| '.i»% l>!>s;
Mo Kan & Tex... 000 21 fOVj 20 v t
M K & T pM COO 40 4i 4»%
Nat R R of Mex.. '¦ 20U
Nat RR of Mex pfd 400 40U .",9% 88%
S Y Central 24.100 116** 114% 114%
Xor & Western... 4,400 64% 62!* 63
Nor & West pfd.. SS '
Or.t & Western... 4,500 24% 23 23%
Pennsylvania 72,luO 121S 119% 119%
Pitts. C, C & St L 10<) 72 72 70
Heading S.10O 4»% 4S'i 48%
Reading l*t i»fd .. 200 Ml si 81
Reading 2d pfd .. 600 69 »» <H%
Rook Island Co... 19.100 31*; 3»J'<, 30» t
Hock I slant! Co pfd 000 70% 70% fi»
Bt U ft S F 05
St L & S F" 1st pfd 70
Bt L. it S F I'd pfd IK) r.7" a 57% T.7
St L Southwest... 100 IS 1." 14%
St L S W pfd 100 35 35 :«
<t Paul Cl»,4in» 144% 140% 140%
Bt Paul rM l<"> 173% 172% 170
South Pa'-lllc l.l<>0 47'i 45*, 45S
South Railway ... 3,200 23>* 22 1^ 22ft
South Ry pM 86
Texas it Pacific... 3,100 27 25% 25%
T St L & West... 1.21K) 28V4 24 25
T. *U L & W pfd. 2.K00 4S ¦ 44 4.5%
Tnion Paciflf S4.7OO 7S% 77% 77%
Inion Paciflf pfd. 1.80O S7 liKM 80%
WabuMi 1 . 0>J0 22% 21 % 21 %
Wabash pfd ...'... 3,.'.<M) 40% .«»% 39'«
Wheel & L Krle 19
\\'i» Central - 7W 1!>%. 1» !•»«»
Exrn'sx t'onirianles —
Wells-Kargo 1S1
AJa nil — 1
-\m<Tlran Um> 1S2 181 Ibo
l"r.it«l .«lat<»r< HX)
Well«-Far|!o 131
M!scrl!an*ou» —
Amal Copper S9.0CO «i% 49 49
Amer Car & Toun. 1.2t>t ."»« M 34%
Amer »' & F prrt.. 1<K» 87% S7% 8ti'J4
Amer Linseed «>jll. 10<> 10% 10% 10%
Ain^r Lin Oil pfd. 1<V» .T? S3 .«
Amer Looo W'f> 21% 20 : £ 20%
Amfrr Looo pfd 20O 8*1, K8 83
Amtr B & Kef.... 2.1tH> 44% 4.5 43%
Anv>r S & Ref pfj VI
Amer Sugar Kef... 8.8W 11M 11.1% llSLj
Anaconda Min Co. 2«0 M% Nl% M
Brooklyn Rap T... 10,800 65% W$J 62%
Colo Ku»-1 & Iron.. H00 t?l W fiO
Columbus & H Coal 2<K) 17 16% 16%
ConFClidated Gas . l«.20w IRS 182% lS2'j
General Elec l.UK) 171 172 170%
Inter Paper 600 13 Va 13)6 1314
Inter Poper pfj CT
Inter Pump 100 40% 40% :a»%
Inter Pump pfd... 7CO 70% 75 " 77 %
National Biscuit :;7%
National Lead 400 15% 15% 15%
North American .. 700 85 Sl% S2%
Pacific Mall 100 25% 25% 25
People's Gas v. 8,800 fl7 IH'i H5VJ
Preesed Steel Car. 1,100 51 60 50
Pressed Steel C pfd UK) SO 80 X5%
Pullman Pal Car.. 1. 500 201 1!>9 108%
Republic Steel ... 2.500 VIV 4 13 13
Republic Steel pfd. 1.300 73% 72 72 .
Rubber Goods 1.8CO 21% 21 20%
Rubber Goods pfd 76
Tenn Coal & Iron. 1.300 49% 47% 47%
U S Leather 2,700 fi% 8 8 .
IT R Leather pfd.. 1,000 82% 81 81%
U S Rubber 100 12% 12V4 12
U S Rubber pfd... 100 4S% 4.S% 4N%
U S Steel.. 42,t>00 29 27% 27%
U 8 Steel pfd 13.200 70% 78 78
Western Union ... 83
Total shares sold.7C9.200
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FIJANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 14.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 1000 at
$77 25; 5000 at $77.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s reg..I0K%\L & N Unl 4s •. . 00%
Do coup lOH^IMex Cent 4s ... 74%
Do 3s reg ....107% j D o let Inc .... 21
Do coup 108%, Minn & S L 4s.. sm%
Do new 4s reg. l.>oU I M K & T 4s 05%
Do coup 135%! Do 2ds 80
Do old 4s reg ..111 jN Y Cent g 3%g. 66
Do coup Ill !N J Cent g 5s ..128
Do 5s reg 10.1 Nor Pac 4s 100% '
Do coup 103 Do 3s 71%
Atch pen 4« (t-i'i|Nor & W c 4s.. B8
Do adjt 4s S3 '¦ Read Gen 4s . . 04% '
Balto A O 4s . ..l'rfii.i S L & I Me 5s.. 110%
Do 3%s 92 S L & S F 4s Otl% .
Do conv 4s ...lOOUjSt L S W lsts.. IK)
Canada So 2ds ..106 I Do 2ds 77
Cent of Ga 5s.. 104 |S A 4 AP4«... 77%"
Do 1st inc ..^72 i So Pac 4s 8U%
Ches & O 4%s..1(HK;So Ry. 5s .. 112%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74% Tex & Pac lsts.. 115%
C B & Q n 4s... 01 Tol S L & W 4s. 74'
C M & S P g 4s.ir>5% Union Pac 4s ... 90%
Chi &. N W c 7s.l30% Do conv 4s ... 03%
C R I & P 4s... 101 Wabaeh lsts 115
C C C & S L g 4s 07 Do 2d» 100
Chi Term 4s ... 78 Do Deb B .... 67U
Colo & So 4s ..87 West Shore 4s ..107
Denver & R G 4s. J)7Vi Wheel & L E 4s. 00
Erie prior Hen 4s. 95 WIs Cent 4s .... 88
Do gen 4«.... 82% I Con Tob 4s 68%
FtWtDC lsts.105 Colo F & I 5s.. 83 :
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4% Manhattan 100
Pennsylvania .... »4% Steel 80% ¦
NEW YORK MINING STOCK8. -
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Selected ranch Eggs are now bringing 25c
and the feeling is flrm. Receipts are moderate
and the floors arc very well cleaned*up. Some
dealers are selling their cold-storage Eggs
and It In said that they have been doing so
for a week.
Receipts were 79.000 lbs Butter. 1367 cases
Eggs and 8400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24%©26c: dairy. 22%@
24c; store Butter, 17Q20c; Eastern ladle
packed, nominal.
CHEESE — New. 12®13c; Young America.
13©13%c: Eastern. 15%® 16c; Western, 12% 0
13c per pound. .
'EGGS— Ranch. 23#25c for white and 21©
22%c for mixed colors; store. 16§20c; Eastern.
17@10c per dozen.
Los Angeles, which has lately been the prin
cipal customer In this market. conUnues to
notify local dealers that it will take no But
ter over 25c, and that If It cannot be supplied at
this fUrure It will cancel its orders. At the
same time most dealers are quoting sales for
local account at 26c, and there ' the matter
stands. There Is no ¦ accumulation of stock
and the feeling is steady.
Cheese nilci flrm, and 13c is now obtained
for choice mild new, though dealers say that
this figure cannot be maintained.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. July 14.— Clearings. 8672.940; bal
ances. $131,413. .
TACOMA. July 14. — Clearings, $300,549; bal
ances, $54,154.
PORTLAND, July 14.— Clearings, 1581,040;
balances, $88,114.
SPOKANE, July 14.— Clearings, $423,730;
balances, $43,460.
Northern Business.
try markets, quiet; weather in England,' cold;
forecast, showers. «
COTTON— Uplands, 6.20d.
Bar silver, firm. 24%d per ounce. Money.
2#2% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 2%c and for
three months' bills 2% per cent.
Canadian Pac ..124% Reading 25V4
Ches & Ohio .... 37% Do 1st pfd .... 42
Chicago Q W .. 18V4 Do 2d pfd 35H
Chi M & St P.. ..149 Southern Ry ... 23%
DeBeers 19% Do prefd ..... 88%
Denver & R O. . . 27% Southern Pac . ... 48Vt
Do prefd 83V4 Union Pac 80%
Erie 32«K • Do prefd 89%
Do 1st pfd 67% U S Steel 20%
Do 2d pfd 57 Do prefd ..... 81%
Illinois Cent ....132% Wabash .... 23
Louis & Nash ..111 Do prefd 41%
M K & T 21 Vi
small: Pigeons, (1 50©l 73 p«r dosen for old
and SI 6001 75 for squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 2601 60 per dozen.
Hare, |1@1 25; Wild Doves, $101 60 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
LONDON. . July 14. — Consols. 02% : sliver
24%d; cargoes on passage, buyers indifferent:
English country markets, firm. . ¦ . -. -
LIVERPOOL, July 14.~Wheat. quiet; No,
1 Standard Cai., Cs e%d®Cs 7d; French coua-
'Foreign Markets.
The local stock market continued quiet, wlti
but few fluctuations wide enough to attract at
tention. Mutual Electric advanced to $14.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60c par
share on July 20.
The California Powder Company will pay th«
usual monthly dividend of 11 per sbara
on July 20.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange
LONDON, July 14. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 13.ua
bales. Competition was spirited • and prices
were firmer. Crossbreds were bought freely by
the home trade. Half bred combings and
scoureds were <• In ¦ strong : request for France.
Several lots of medium slips and halfbred
lambs were taken by American buyers.
London Wool Sales.
Another car of Western Poultry was on salt.
making the third for the current week. The,
receipts of domestic stock were heavy and as
the demand . was nothing extra, the market
had an easy tone and several descriptions were
quoted lower. Fine large young .Rooster*.
Fryers and Broilers continued to meet with a
steady demand at maintained prices, but email
and old stock was Inactive. Poor Hen« were
very dull, bf the car of Western 8tock con
sisted entirely of that description. Game was
In ltRht receipt and unchanged. ¦
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1@1 25: -Goslings. $lfil 25; . Ducks.
$3@4 per dojen • for old j and $3 50© 4 50 for
young; Hens, $4 60© 5 60: young Roosters. $7®
0; old Roosters, $4@5; Fryers. $4 WXjfrt;
Broilers. $ 3 60#4 for large and $2 50@3 for
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£a> .ga» .fe»
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA RuSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. in. *¦
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third St.. S. F.
This sale includes all the mares, colts, gsld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among them arc
many with records. aDd seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 35 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sir*
of Lou Dillon. 2:03% champion); Direct, 2:05%:
Palo Alto. 2:0»U: Inferna, 2:24v; ; Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:16%; L. W. Russell. Alnuml-
tton, 2:24)4, etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals as well as the choicest
bred ever led Into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years* study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will be tha
last opportunity to get such well-bred horse*
at auction. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be nold. Catalogues Issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
£r* &* £»
AUCTION SALK. WEDNESDAT. JtTLT IB.
1803 at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSJfl MARKET.
327 'Sixth st. 20 head of young horses; also
lot of heavy work horses harness, buggies ana
wagons. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE— Tools and contents of wag-
on and blacksmith shop. 1507 California street.
THURSDAY. July 16. at 1 p. m. By order of
creditors I will sell the contents of the above
shop, consisting of all kinds of tools, wagons
and buggies; also horse and wagon. JOHN J.
DOYLE, auctioneer, office 327 Slxtn st.THE SAIN PEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, J903.
12
W A\TRP---M A I.E--ron.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST..
Cor. Leldesdorff st. PHTjNE MAIN 1191.
We ship all over CALIFORNIA, also ORE-
GON. WASHINGTON. NEVADA, ARIZONA.
OLD MEXICO and ALASKA.
WE SHIP TO-DAY TO
Wllllts— Uklah route FREE FARE.
5 told miners, placer mine, northeast, $90.
OREGON FREE FARE OREGON.
20 coal miners — 2 mines — good wages.
. BUTTE COUNTY. Cheap fare. Diamond
Match Company's Worka. 300 laborers,
teamsters woodchoppera and rockmen. $2 25
and $2 00 day FEE $1.
FREE FARE FEE $1 FREE FARE.
S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
1000 section and extra gang hands all over
the State. Come and see about It.
New sash and door factory, north.
10 young men to make themselves useful,
learn trade, chance to advance; cheap fare;
a steady Job. $l_50 $p $2 25 day.
FREE FARE TO CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL.
SAWMILLS. ETC.
2 screw turners. $82 30 found; 2 doggers,
$C5 50 found; traction engineers, $3 day
found; mill circular saw filer, boss here; 100
laborers, sawmills, Humboldt. Tuolumne and
other bounties.
Log man, mill, $2 23 day; log pond man,
$2 25 day; 2 blacksmiths' helpers, mill and
woods. $2 25 day.
FREE FARE NEW TUNNEL.
25 muckers. $60; 25 tunnelmen. $75; cheap
board; no discount. NEW TUNNEL.
MINES. ETC.
85 miners, all over State, some 8 hours. $75
to $90; 250 muckers, carmen and laborers.
$60 to $75; 10 drillers quarry. $45 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
3 blacksmiths, shop. $2 50 to $3 day; circular
saw filer. $4 found;' coremaktr. city. $3 day;
3 Iron molders. 9 hours. .J3 50 day; 6 track-
men, pay weekly, board home, $2 day.
FARMS. ETC.
3 farmhands, $30 found; 2 farmers, south,
$30 found; choreman, vineyard, $25 found;
2 milkers. $35 and $40 found; farmer and
wife. $70 found.
COOKS. ETC.
Cook, hotel. $45 found; bell boy. $15 found;
waiters. $25 to $40 found; dishwasher, $30
found; waiter, sawmill. $15 found, fare paid.
MEN. CALL AND SEE US EARLY.
Get a Free List of Jobs at the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
520 Sacramento st. PHONE MAIN 1191.
AT THE CAL.. EMP. AGENCY,
50 Third st., near Call lildg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
8. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
5C0 laborers, $2 a day.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE.
400 section hands all parts of California.
FREE FARE— FEE 51— FUEE FARE.
1CG0 section and extra gang hands, all over
the State: come and see us about It.
We ship on all trains — Free fare.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers, %i35 Rnd board.
12 laborers, $35 and board.
1 rdserman. $80 and beard.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners. $3 to $3 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
H» lumber handlers and laborers. $35 and
board up; ship daily.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO COUNTY.
10 tunnelmen. ?2 73 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
12 laborers, mill and yanl men, for lumber
company, $30 to $40 a month and board.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing, $2 50 a day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 50 Third st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12
— Second cook, $75; colored waiter. $35.
WANTED— A number of good machinists;
standard wages; state last place employed.
Bos 1825, Call office.
WANTED — Several boilermakers for work out
of city: good wages; state experience. Box
1827. Call office.
WANTED — Paper ruler and stock cutter:
steady position. R. W. FRIDHAM. 112
North Los Angeles St., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Hat salesman as traveler: .best city
reference required; must be familiar han-
dllng hats. Box 1829, Call office.
AGENTS; gocd commission. Ammonia, Shoe
Polish and Blacking Works, 17 Woorward.
near Thirteenth.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. H Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — A good quick bushelman at
RAPHAEL'S.
AN experienced wrapper: cloak and suit depart-
ment. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post St.
BOY in tin shep: learn trade; age 16 years.
Ktt Mission st.
COATMAKERS wanted. HARSHALL'S, 12
Kearny st.
ERRAND boy wanted; American, German or
Jew; no others. 500 Kearny st.. room 2.
WAITER In a restaurant. 1759H Mission
etreet.
MAN to care for 2 horses. 119 Tenth st.
WANTED— A gocd blacksmith's helper at 318
McAllister st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal., or room 14,
2U Montgomery St., San Francisco Construc-
tion Co. _^ ¦ -
WANTED — Young man as an understudy to
. an advertiser; must be a college graduate and
be a good grammarian; state age. experience.
If any. and salary expected. Apply Box -2299.
Call ofllce. • - ¦ ¦ •" ¦
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing . for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery et.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler. System. Barber College. 035 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
¦ runs Denver -House, 217 Third su; 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 wi; we pay express or
mail charges." 11 Third st.. . Examiner bldg.
AN experienced wrapper.' Cloak and Suit
t Dept. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
GOOD . operator and retoucher. JOHNSON'S,
10^ Clxth at. v ¦ - ¦
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
NIGHT cook and dishwasher. , 1S5 Fourth st.
OLD establlsher barber shop; 3 chairs; 4 llv-
'¦ Ing rooms; owner retiring. 229 Hayes St.
ELDERLY man to assist on light woodwork
and polishing. Box 1806. Call office.
WANTED — A man for fruit store; must be ex-
perlenced.- 1315 Stockton gt .
MEN. wanted to take contract catting boilers.
Apply BERCOV1CH. 5th and Webster. Oakld.
SAILORS and ordinary aeamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY,
CM and 636 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 5S48.
-Leading Kmployment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1502 We Gave ll»03 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, Wllllts, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc.. $3. $4, $3 50, $3. $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
BIO SAWMILL. NORTH.
25 laborers, fare paid, go to-day. $30 to $30
and found
TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
6T> teamsters, laborers, $75.
f>5 drillers and hammersmen. $75.
OREGON — FREE FARE.
26 coal miners $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers etc. different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo. Milton.
Farmington. Gllroy. Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
. 26 laborers fcr a good mine, you'll suit, $75,
GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL. •
96 miners, single and double band, some S
hours. $85. $90.
IK tlmbermen, different Jobs. $90.
1C5 muckers, different Jobs. $75.
38i laborers no experience required $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
fc 265 drillers and hammersmen. $75. $S3.
3H4 laborers no experience required. $60,
$07 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
505 laborers for all classes of work. Including
factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc.
$2 50 and $2 day. located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands. $1 50. v l "3. $2
and $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands. 15 fruit .pickers. $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
1)6 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
1(5 hay balers. 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCE3.
10 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $73, $70
and $tJO.
26 choremen, StO. $35. $30 and $25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70,
$60, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $S5, $60. $50 and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
S4 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
f> wagon and carriage makers. $3 CO, $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country jobs, $4,
S3 50, ,3 day.
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, freu
fare, $50 and found. *
15 coopers, lie; 5 carriage painters, $90; 6
brick molders, $3 SO day; plasterers, $3 60;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1. $2 23
to $3 50 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
r.T cooks, all over California, $90. $80. $73.
$00. $.*•"•. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
IS waiters. $55. $40. $.;» and found.
•*{i> pot and dishwashers, $33. $30. $20 found.
15 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers. $30 to $15 and found.
1*2 laundry men, all classes. $18 week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35, $40, $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp, $33 fd.
12 boys learn trade?.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «L
YOUR FARE PAID ~
TO 80 SAWMILLS,
WOODS, YARDS. ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located in 4 States and 2 Territories.
8C9 laborers without any experience. $33 to
$70 and found. -
ti7 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150. $100. $90, $S0. $70, $60, $30, $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
NORTH.
FREE FARE.
NORTH.
35 laborers, without any experience, you'll
suit, $35 to $90 and found.
Big. good sawmill, woods. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
NORTH. BIG L. CO.
ANOTHER GOOD JOB.
25 laborers. YOU'LL SUIT. $60.
Blacksmith, little shoeing. $00.
Blacksmith helper. $67 50.
Blacksmith helper, woods. $67 50.
Man to handle logs on deck at mill. $67 50;
board, etc., 43c a day; fare $3; LUMDEK
TRUST.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE. SOUTHEAST. FREE.
25 laborers to pile lumber. YOU'LL SUIT.
tea
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE TELEGRAPH and MAIL.
Steward, country hotel, $40 to $50 fd.
German or Swiss milker, Slsklyou Co., fare
paid, 135
2 carrenters.Humboldt Co., plain work, $75 fd
Cake baker, fare $1 60. $45 fd.
Sheepherder. $CO found.
2 carpenters, city, $4 25. Painter, Sonoma
Co.. $3.
Night cook. city. $9.
Nurse, State institution, $25 found; second
cook. State institution, $30 found; young
man about city paint store, $9.
LOOK !
Hotel cook, country, boss here, $70 fd.
Ratchet setter, Alles block. 25 II mill. $S3.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job, $3 day.
6 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $60.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here. $4 fd.
Cook State hospital; plasterer, $3 60 day.
Blacksmith, camp, near city. $3 day.
Cook, camp, Nevada, few men, free fare,
?15 fd.
Cook camp, few men. near city, $40 fd.
TRACTION ENGINEER, $3 DAY.
Butcher, wagon and shop, 80c fare, $30 fd.
i 2 laborers help load machinery city, $2 day.
Butcher young man, 50c fare. $9 week fd.
3 men. 4 hours' work dally. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
xhoet $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
gt.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and S3;
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea en men-of-wat
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222^ N. Main
at.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra-
men tc^CaU
BARBERS* Union Local 148. J. B. L U. of
A had their telephone taken out on account
of boycott; all persons wishing to communi-
cate with the society will please do so by
mall or message.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
5C0 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes, i
5Cc up; soling cheap. 023 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
ALL men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mlseton st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting; 25c
to tiOc. Bft3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOB^S AND WAGOM. *
60 HEAD "f fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. McCOY.
Gonzales. Monterey Co.. Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SURREYS, buggies and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate ave.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st.
At EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and srocart for sale cheap. S32 Mission st.
- HOMES. TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN A CQ..14Montgomery
SFCOND, between South Park and Bryant — 7
rooms each, or four flats 3 and 4 rooms each.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st.
BAKER. 2118. cor. Jackson — A nicely furnished
corner house; 11 rms., bath. basement; stable;
choice location for a doctor; $75 per month.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl St.. near
Cole. Rentr $37 50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 25 Post at.
V EDI) C AT IP Jf AIi.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Electricity, 24
Poet et., S. F.; a practical school of engineer-
ing; complete equipment. Special catalogu«
free. __
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $60; day and evening sessions.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary St..
room 43; ladies' and gentlemen's private in-
struction : reception dally; phone Black 373S.
THE Kerlltz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
s* summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep- !
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. R. F. Business College. 1230 Market st.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 872 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttmnn shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St. 8. F.;
founded lRfH: new KO-nsee catalogue free.
, EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Poet et.; tel. Bush 13&—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, eta.
CAN supplr 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work and picking fruit. Ad-
drees H. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d St.. Sacramento.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 413
Stookton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Mwln 1QJVT, PRADLFY A CO.. fl40 Clay.
EMPLOVMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day: is
willing and will guarantee satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; 51 33.
174 Fourth St.. room 10 (one flight of stairs).
YOUNG woman would like to do housework or
washing by the day; $1 25; car farq. 308
Clementina Et : .- ] |
YOUNG lady from the East would like situa-
tion as lady's maid; best of references. Box
1S21, Call office.
POSITION as cook, crew of men, restaurant,
camp or working housekeeper, lodging or
boarding-house. Box 1104. Call office.
YOUNG German girl, just arrived, wishes situ-
ation to do general housework. Apply 125
Gcrmania ave.
WANTED — By a German woman, hand em-
broidery. 12 Collinsrwood St.. bet. Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, near Castro.
YOUNG girl, lately from Ireland, wishes em-
ployment at second work or housework. Ad-
drees 232C Folsom st.
ACCOMPLISHED musician from the East
wishes a. few more music scholars; terms 300
per lesson; piano and organ. Mrs. Steuder,
27 Laekle st.. bet. Sth ani Oth. oft Mission.
DRESSMAKER of experience will accept en-
gagements In families. $1 35 p«r day; refer-
ences. 1237 Webster St., near Ellis.
POSITION wanted by young girl as lady's
maid; speaks German; willing to travel or
live in country. Address box 1831. Call.
GERMAN cook wishes situation in private
family; wages $35; city references. Call 1S09
California st.
LADY stenographer wishes position: 30 to 60
dictated letters daily. Box 1S04, Call office.
WANT ads and subEcrlpt'ons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WA XTED — MALE.
BOOKKEEPER and clerk wants position; ex-
pert accountant; excellent references; late
with U. S. Government In Manila, P. I. Ad- !
dress box 1820, Call office. i
HANDY man, sober, reliable, wishes situation
in private place; care of horses, garden, etc.;
good references. 417 Kearny St.. room 100.
: LITTLE French boy wants to get work in store
es cat>h boy or run errands. Call at 23 Rltch.
GENTLEMAN <32 years), highest references,
speaks several foreign languages, wishes
position of trust; bond if required. Box
1102. Call. '
BOY of 16 from country wants to work for
board and attend Lick Polytechnic School.
Adirees MRS. M. W. ELMORE. Sebastopol,
Cal.
RESPONSIBLE man would like place In office
to run set of books and do collecting; $05;
best of references. P. R.. 1332 Church St.,
upstairs.
A SOBER young man would like to get Into
isome barber shop In center of trade or in
Oakland: has had 2 years' experience. Box
I 1S10. Call.
I .
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes position as
foreman or Journeyman; expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. *\, Denver House,
Third Kt.
STUDENT wishes to work In private family
in return for board and room; goes to Lick
School. Box 1818. Call office.
TRAINED male nurse desires position, city
or country', care of invalid; terms moderate;
references. Box 1811. Cell.
A YOUNG man would like a few hours' work
daily. A. M. M., room 200, Emma Spreck-
' els buildlnc.
ACCOUNTANT cf experience wants position;
best of references. Hox 2.1.14. Call.
YOUNG Japanese neat boy wishes position
cleaning doctor's or dentist's office or similar
work; reference; postal answered. T. H.,
41SA, Post st_
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bon3 Issuerf guaranteed, underwritten anil
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING ANI) INVESTMENT CO., 326 Poat.
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable In'orraa-
tion. Box 2555. Call office. '
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and fiats to let: an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and troub.e.
Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 243-253 Geary at., on
the square.
PARK flats:* new; elegantly finished: on Sea-
end ave. and C St.. one block to McAllister
rare: & rcoms. 0 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
%'i.h to $45; sunlight all around: open.
MCALLISTER, 637 — 3 large tunny rooms; bath,
yard, every convenience; adults: reasonable.
HAIGHT. 442— Lower flat. 6 rooms and bath.
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; tf rooms;
new: marine view; $25; opan.
TO LET— Flat of 4. rooms; 1807 O'Farrell.
HOOKER k LSNT. 14 Po«t St.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Snap; modern upper 6 rooms: fur-
nifhed; only 30 days; close in; rent $27 50.
Ill) Fourteenth st.
FLATS 1VAXTED.
WANTED — Furnished flat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms; willing to pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1822, Call.
I'UKft ITUKE Ft) H SALE.
FOR rent — 8-room house; furniture for sale,
also chickens and two bicycles, Barnes make,
at 270 Claremont ave.. Oakland.
FURNITURE ¦WANTED. ~
L. AND L. Auction Co., 1050-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1S71; spot cash for furniture, etc
A. WCLLPEIiT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, rejialrs. packs furniture, carpets.
„ ;" . »
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A 8TATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. .GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton at., rm. 13.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis it. Ap-
ply bet 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAONIN. ¦-¦.¦ ... . -
TALENTED amateur performers.- Apply- at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
sa> rnAXCisco call.
BCSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; cpen
until 12 o'clock every night In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— *27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
COO Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
£38 McAUleter rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Lark:n ctrcul; open until 0:30 p. m.
1641 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ci.f.i 9 p. m.
ICG Eleventh street: cpen until B p. rx
10SW5 Valencia street; open unt!l 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 8 p. m.
22^0 FlUn-tore rtreet: open unt'.l 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and O
A. M.— CalU-d meeting THIS XX
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. Second decree.
THEO. PROUCH. Secretary-
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. «
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7:3» o'clock. /Va
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6, F. and A. »
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. /\r\
II. J. OWEN, ternary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C0. F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- W
I>AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third degree. R. E. ALLAN. S#c
THE Veteran Odd Fellows* A»so- ...«*-*.,..
elation will meet THIS EVEN-
INO at S o'clock. Memorial
Hail. I. O. O. F. building, to
welcome WILLIAM H. BAUNES on bis re-
turn from tbe East. All veterans are rs-
questcd to attend.
F. L. TURPIN, President.
UNITT Lodce No. 131, I. O. O.
F. — We will rr.e?t TO-NIGHT In .-&4F%!far%
Memorial Hail. I. O. O. F. build- -jS^S!*?'?
Ing, to welcome home our distin- "'5*«WBS*^
puished brother. WILLIAM H. BARNES. P.
G. M. F. H. HOLCOMB. N. G.
E. H. ANDREWS', r. S .
NATIONAL, in; r.. CaUfor- y<>3«;»'*'»v
nla Council, ::;•<-;* T» >- '^<g**^*';''_?V_
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. >1 ¦ ¦
Fourth ft., at 6 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially Invited: Initiation,
liy crdtr E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAN URDEN. Secrt-tar?-.
ANCIENT Orier of United Workmen. v .<'^tt,
attention — Supreme Martrr Workman^j;
W. H. MILLER will arrive in SaiiVLSsSj
Francisco on THURSDAY. July Ki. t^> I
end a. reception to him has been ar- I
rar^fd to take place in Ftclnway Hall. 232
Futier «.. on THURSDAY EVENING. July
Its. at » o'clock, at which lime the supreme
master will thorcuRfcly explain the new plan
recently adopted by the Supreme Lodge. All
members of the order are cordially invited
to be present.
C. T. SPENCER. Grand Recorder.
NOTICE to stockholders of The Bank of Call-
lornla — Notice is hereby given. In pursuance I
of a resolution of the board of director* of j
The B&nk of California, a corporation organ- I
lsed and existing under the lawn of the State j
cf California, passed and adoxited on Tues-
day, the 12th day cf May. 1S03. at a regular
meeting of said board duly held at No. 400
California et., in the city and county ol San
Francisco, in the State of California, the
t&s-.t being the bar.klng-bouse and principal
place of business of said corporation. The
Bank of California, and being ' the building
where tbe board of diPectons of said corpora-
tion usually meets — tfcat a meeting of the
stockholders of eaid corporation. The Bank of
California, is hereby called fcr and will be
held at No. 400 California et.. In eaid city
and county of San Francisco — the eame be>ing
the banking-house and principal place of
business cf said corporation and being the
building where the board> of directors of said
corporation usually meets — on WEDNES-
DAY, the lSth day of July. 15*03. at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon of ssii day. for the purpose
of considering, deciding and acting upon the
proposition to Increase the capital etock of
paid corporation. The Bank of California, and
to increase it to the .amount of three millions
of dollars.
The amount to which It is proposed to ln-
crr-a*e the .said capital sto<.k is three millions
of dollars ($3,000,000). !
By order of the board of director*.
J. I). RUGGLES. Secretary ct Tbe Bank of
California.
Dated May 12. 1903.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual j
meeting of the stockholders of the Spreck-
«¦!« Sugar Company wi:i b* held at the office j
of the company. .127 Market tt.. Win Fran- \
Cisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of July, i
1!)C3. st the hour ot 11 a. m.. for the pur- j
pose of electing a board ot directors to serve j
lor the ensuing y»ar aad for the transaction I
of such other buFlnese as may ccme before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
on Friday. July 24. 1903, at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNTAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the. su>ckhcld>rs of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held st the j
office of the company. "J2T Market St., San
FrancUco. rn MONDAY, the 27th day of I
July. 1P03, at the hour cf 11 :30 a. m.. for
th* purpose of electing a board of directors
to ftc-ne for the ensu:ng y»ar an-1 for the
transaction cf Futh other busln.»ss as may t
come before the meeting. The transfer i
bocks will close en Friday. July 24. l&O.'t, at
3 p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Lo-
com«~t!»e Works — The enuai meeting of the
FtockhoHers of the Rifdori Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for the c-nFUint: year and the transaction of
such other business as n:ay b* brought be-
fore the tr.f-^tlng. will be held at the office
r.f the company. No. 2^S Steuart street, San
Francisco, en MONDAY, the Cd day cf Au-
guM, 1003. ct 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUPTTS TAYLOR, .Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine hy hydraulic
process from F. W. McLean In Hampton
placer mine, on McRea Ridre. Plumas
Co.. Cal., draining: into Nelson Creek,
which r»ache* middle forte of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room SO Flood bMg., Saa Francisco, Cal.,
July 27. 1903. at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anl-
ir.als will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903. st 4 o'clock p. m..
when a board of trti«t*es will be elected.
C. R. HOLBnoOK. Secretary.
AGCVTS WASTED.
AGENIt— We have an article that every
woman wants and will buy If her attention
it cabled to It.
We want women of pens*, energy and push
for that purpose; every sale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? Are
you fnerretlc? If eo. call bet. 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.. room 315. Phelan building.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscope* cast. Prof. Ray-
mond bor.krtore.f48 Ellis. By mall If desired.
ATTORXCVS AT LAW.
EOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. Oil; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc. ; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
ev«*nir4;s by appointment. T»l. Red 3C01.
PROMPT attention to all cases ;divoree, estates,
collection*; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Frl.: ect. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. P27 Market ;tel Jersle 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merltort-
oui eases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In edvunce; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S13 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;qulck. quiet;
no charge without success; established IS yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft., opp. Hale's.
AITKEN A AITKEN. atttorneys. rs. 309-10-11
Clunte bldg.. S03 California St.; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. «32 Marl
kft st.. room 23; legal advice: bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davtdson. S27 Market.
L. Z. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOAR.DIXG FOR CHILUKEX.
NICE borne for Infanta or children by one
who love* them. 1818 Prince st.. Berkeley.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WAUNLNGi """"""" "*"*"*"
To the— -
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our **. — 1
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
wblch wit! do the work of hundreds ot men
and Lorses,
On or about July 20th.
Upon Its completion no stock will be offered
for lees than $1 per chare. Until then a few
thares remain to be sold at DOc. for cash or In-
stallments. Persons desiring to se« this
Marvel of mechanical Ingenuity
'can do sc by calling at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO^r
601 -002-603 Examiner Bu tiding.
A BARGAIN — Flret-claes barber shop, doing a
good business. In business portion of San
Jote, for sale: good reason for selling. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando St.,
Ban Jose.
WANTED — Energetic young man for office
work: email capital required. 131 Montgom-
ery st.. room 11.
CORNER saloon business, near Market St., for
sale, very cheap. 45 Van Ness ave.
11800— ROADHOUSE and furniture; 11 rooms;
a snap. &50 Market Et., room S.
DELICATESSEN^ dairy, produce; 4 living
rooms; rent $13; good location. 21+03 16th.
UAIRDRESSING parlors: cheap: value In sight;
< food location; retlrlzur. JIM Hkt.. Ut_7th-bth. I
*
HELP WANTED — -FEMALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Hello Grant 1S5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress and pantrywoman, resort, Enasla
County, free tare, $25.
2 waitresses, mountain resort, free fare, $25.
Waitress, Santa Cruz, free fare, party here,
$25.
Waltrpss, Napa, $25.
Waitresses, Gait, Los Gatos, San Jose, city,
springs, resorts, Livermore; EO#e places Tor
two and three, $25. '
Fancy lroners, resorts, $35 and found.
Mangle girls, resorts. $20 and found.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Houseglrl on a ranch, fare here. $32 oO;
cook's second girls, houseglrls, nurseglrls,
city and country, ?15 to $35.
Woman with a child to cook for 2 men, $10;
C. It."' HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush »t.
A WOMAN cook to cook about 3 days a week;
good opportunity to rlxht person : $30 and fd.
C. It. HANSEN & CO. 420 Bush fct.
WANTED— 2 cooks, $3C-$35; 4 second girls,
?''0-$25; 2 Infant nurses, $25- 4 nurse girls,
$20-$'J5; man and wife, $40; short order
cook, $7 week: chamber work, private fam-
ily, city, $25: housework, Ross Valley, $.*>.
no washing. 2 In family; laundress, hotel,
country. $25; springs. $40; private family. $30;
cook, t- mall hotel, $30. country; 8 waitresses
for city and country. $20-$-*5; French nurse.
2 grown children. $25; and other places too
many to advertise; good wages: flrst-class
families. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st. >,.¦¦'¦
TWO wrappers for wholesale house: wages $5
per week. MISS PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter.
near Powell. _______^__
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; position*
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, maisage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 'i weeks: day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 9t.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERAX«LF: STEADY
WORK: PAID WHILE LEAGUING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32 % FREMONT ST.
ArPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILU
LEARNING :OPJSltATOHS AND RI\ ETEI.S
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR If.
32V- FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS &. CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
wag?s; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
ur.tj Mission si.
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles* waists;
good Wises: steady employment. 656 Mis-
sion et., 1. MAGNIN & CO.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO., C5t) Mission «t. .
WANTED — Clirl who can sew blank books and
be generally useful In bookblndery; steady
position. R. W. PRIDHAM, 112 N. Los An-
geles St., Los Angeles.
PICK hops in August ; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outinc for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HOHST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Frar.Cit-co.
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleswoman,
one who Is capable of taking charge of de-
partment; state ape. experience and salary
expected. Box 1833. Call office.
WANTED — Young lady who is an experienced
stenographer; one who Is familiar wlthtthe ,
Smith Premier typewriter: state age, expe-
rience and salary expected. Bex 1832, Call.
GIRL for light upstair work and to attend to
a growing boy after school. Apply 502 Ful-
ton et.
GOOD business opportunity for a young wo-
man In Oakland. Address, stating exper-
Icnce. box 1S2S. Call office.
A— Practical Millinery School, estiih. 14 years:
terms easy. SIB O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; steady work;
good wages. H. LEVY. 1302 Market Bt.
WANTED— First-class saleslady for cloaks and
BUlts; city ref. req. E. MESSAGER. 145 Post.
SKWING girls for curtain work; must be ex-
perienced. Box 1823, Call office.
WANTED — Girl ?or light housework. $15.
136 Hartford St.. near Castro and Eighteenth.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde «t.
WANTED — An educated young lady to train
for nursing. Apply 2018 Union st^
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st.
SHIRT finisher- wanted Immediately. NA-
TIONAL LAUNDRY. 411 Sanchez st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
vests; best wages paid. 509 Kearny, rm. 2.
GIRL to learn dressmaking; also good seam-
stress. 1.T5 Geary St., room 129.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladies*
tailor-made suits; steady portion, cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls* Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
GIRL wanted to help in photographic studio.
. Apply 233 Montgomery ave.
PANTS operator and finisher wanted at once;
steady work. 246 Seventh st.
WANTED— GlrT to do general housework;
wages $20. 791 McAllister st. .
WANTED — Salesladies for waist department.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
WOOL sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI MARX 13* Bluxome st.
GIRLS for factory work: good wage*: no ex-
perlence. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 7OB-711 Front
HBLP WASTED — MALE.
TWO t farmers and wives, $40 and found; man
andiwlfe,, private family, $75; foreman for
frulttranch, $60 and found; farmers, $30; 5
milkers.* f 35; buttermaker, $40 and found;
choreman for ranch. $25; 2 men about place,
$25 and $30; 2 assistant gardeners, $20;
blacksmith helpers, sawyers, saw fliers,
miners, laborers, woodchoppers and others.
J. F. CRQSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦
HOTEL manager for country: restaurant por-
ter. $30; camp cook, $45, fare paid; hotel
cook, $50; 2 restaurant cooks, $12 week and
$50 month; second hand baker, $40 and
found; waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Bt.
A BUTLER for . private family; wages $45;
references necessary- MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter, near. Powell. '
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at *2 50; we pay express or
mall charges.- 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Experienced . quartz miners; Etate
age. places previously employed. Box 182,6,
Call office. ¦' . - . -. V
WANTED — A first-class shoemaker. Address
EILER BACKER, 1013 Seventh at.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
DPSIXESS CHAXCES-rContinned.
STALLS In general market for rent: space
eultable for grocery, delicatessen store ana
creamery. Call 2614 Mission st.
R4000 — GOOD paying erocery and general mer-
chandise business In Oakland. Address box
8982. Call office. Oakland.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store, 19th and Folsom sts.
FOR SALE — Good paying oyster and chop
bouse. 1<K) Fifth tt.
BAKERY and delicacy Etore for sale; must be
sold ; owner going away. 710 McAllister st.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call office.
LODOiXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
: ~il.~C. DECKER. OOti MARKET ST.
COR. STOCKTON & ELLIS. Phone John 531.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
6 rooms, modern flat, newly furn..$ 500
20 rooms, sunny. N. Mkt.; cor. only. 1,700
21 rooms, only $200 cash; snap;
clears $100 550
10 rooms, Leavenworth, housekeep-
ing, clears $75 900
6 rooms, Turk st.-flat, beautiful fur-
niture and carpets 350
20 rooms, near Golden West Hotel,
reduced to 1 ,300
11 rooms, transient, close'to Market
et.. only 600
15 rooms, sunny cor.; modern, newly
furnished, well rented 1,600
115 rooms, modern apartment-house,
bargain 0,500
156 rooms, new, sunny corner apart-
ment-house reduced 12,000
50 rooms, near Powell and Market,
rent $4 room, only 4,000
S rooms, choice location, forced sale. 225
8 rooms, nicely furn., owner sick. . 250
16 rooms, near Turk and Market,
transient 3.400
50-room corner house, only i»,50v>
21 rooms, only $300 cash. bal. payts. 1.100
11 rooms, only $150 cash 350
12 rooms, on Geary St.. near Powell. 850
23 rooms on Market, clears $200.... 1.650
24 rooms, on Grant ave., only 2.400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200. . 600
60 rooms. Just finished 5,600
4S rooms, clears $300 per month 5.000
36 rooms, on Howard et.. clears $200. 1.700
56 rooms, elegant corner, clears $350. 5,800
Hotel and bar. t>6 room?, clears $5Ot>. 10.0O0
21 room house on Howard Bt 350
luu houses from 5 to 500 rooms: all prices.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
I HAVE REMOVED TO 900 MARKET, cor.
Stockton and Ellis. H. C. DECKER.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $40f)0
5K rooir.s: south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; rart cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; good Income; rent $-0 .'ISO
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 050
l"0 roums; eocd lease; low rent C50O
5T rms. iapartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny Bt.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMINO HOUSES.
$1900— FIRST-CLASS lodging-house of 20
rooms; clears $100 month: good location.
EDWARDS, 131 Montgomery, rooms 11-12.
11-ROOM house; steady roomers; other busi-
ness; must sell. &50 Market St., room 5.
Sl'IHITVALISM.
MEDIUM card reader; readings 25c; sittings
dally; ladles only. 252 Natoina st.. bet.
Third and Fourth. _^
ETHEL CRINDLE materializing eeance Wed.
eve., 50c. 1113 Post st. ; S o'clock.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c ; sittings dally. 1000 Hansson st.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
X^ CALiTAT~bNCK~ANirSAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
,1. $1. $1. $1- $1. $1- $1- SI-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmitt Ever in San Francisco.
I do hert'by solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry: in fact. I wi'.l tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
rr.akes you successful and proiperous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m.: Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farretl St.. 32C.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~ THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bloc; she reads your life correctly.
I gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the creseat hapi>enl=ss and portray*
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome th~m; valuable advice
In all affaire of life: 25c up; satisfaction
KU««rant**d: readings by mall. Tel Black 1560.
A — CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
ad*-pt. can be ovisultPd regarding all matters ;
of business, love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation, changes, law. reuniting separat-
ed, etc.; everything revealed; secret power to
charge, influence or control any one or any-
thing as you wish In 3 to 21 daj - s; reduced
fe<-s fcr this week. 1OO7 1 >4 Market St., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.
| ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
fct.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. ,
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as eatlsfac- .
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1; j
full life. ?5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladifs. 60c; (rents. $1; by cards, palmistry
ar.1 clairvoyant fitting. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO. palmist, clalrvoy- i
ar.t. card reader, will give you a gocd read-
ing. 10c. for a p'.iort time only; when others '
fail try me to convince yourself. 402 Frank-
lin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reeds life, business advice;
names given; 2r.e up. 5 4th St., near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2f5*>j Kfarny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c. '
A wonder; have ycu s»en her? LELA. palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th Et., near MUslon.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44$% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and Oth.
CAHPfiT-BEATIXr. AND CLEASIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in far.ltarlly cleaning carpets, on
floor, without 'removal or Injury: prices mod- :
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with ycur work
nond for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama rt.; tsl. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatinc Co.. j". ~McQuoen.
proprietor. 32I» Guerrero st. ; tel. '.".i.-Mun 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS., excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 334. Geo. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices,
reasonable. 1703 Harrison ft. : tel. Ml&sion 263.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-beatlrsc Works.
33.1 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 120.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. CO Geary— All I
*Iltn»nt« of the feet 'urM: corrm. bunions. etc.
COLLECTION' OFFICES. *
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejecte-l speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85, U16. Market;
tel. Red 61S; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
4 COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. «i rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
1323 Washington st.. near Jones. '
DENTISTS.
DrTlUDLUM HILL, 144a Markct.nr.Eleventa
—No change lor extracting when pistes are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per tet; extracting. 60c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Pont st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
rant, d. Chlcssro Per.tal Parlor*. 24 Sixth »t.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns,$2 up; flllings,23c.
GOLD fllilnrs 76c. silver X5c.' crown* K; no
pun; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt, 201 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free,
N»w York Dentists. 069 Mlmlon St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEAMSTKESSEg.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst * knife plaiting. Stew.
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING A.TTD CLEANING. \
SEA breeres sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phone
tor w&£<n. West 153. H. HICKMAN, prea.
UVTBY STABLES.
r OMKINSON*3 livery stables. 57-59-«l Mian*
' rtTtatf 1st and 2d-Vehlcles of eyery de-
ecriptlon for hire at most reasonably rates;
'••t rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AXD FOIXD.
lost—a passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
«nA Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
TX)«;T— Locket with diamond setting; engrav-d
American Steel and Wire Company. Folsom
and Sixteenth sts.. city.
iapt ». Broadway and Franklin St.. coat
Papers "and book,; reward of $13;
no questions asked. 5oO Fell et.
LOST— A fox terrier puppy answering to ths
name of "Jack": owner's address on collar.
Return to 2334 Pacific ave. ; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier bitch "Dot-'*
Owner's name on collar. License tag 8S3.
Substantial reward. Return lb Lyon st.
LOST— Small black and white shaggy dog.
name Shep: reward $5. 1322 Sanche* st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th*
name of CHARLES J. M. NELSON. No. 221-
607. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— July 11 small South American poodle:
pure white. "lllS Dupont st. or 997 Union
st. ; reward. _________^™
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femala
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 40
years* experience. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on femala
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom. cor. 28th— Ladles*
exclusive offlce and hom« where relief Is ob-
tained In all cases taken: consultation fr«>.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— ReUabls ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
MATERNITY Villa: strictly private. MR3.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
Drsv- Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Exp*rt
In obstetrics, female comp.: S3 yr» exper'nea.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB:*,
original method of treatment. 1126 Market «t_
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposlts
fnlcn Kpuare: all dlsenae* cured Try herb*.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILKRS. engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment:
no Interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S5O.
UCHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with Elatertte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for n«w roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H. S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANT. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 00. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Keamy st.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rests gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Ssear st. .
GENTLEMAN'S black double-breasted long
overcoat; Imported goods; cost $50; will sell
for any price. Box 1S12. Call office.
HANDSOME black cocker spaniel, full pet.'
perfectly house broken. C. DUJARDIN. 204
Castro st. ¦>
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-"
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery at.
S.4FES — New and second-band. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ; camp stools * chairs, hammocks.
m«tal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 MUslcn
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machine*, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles aad launches,
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 4G Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monty- y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLAXEOUS WASTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of Georgs Washing-
ton. Jefferson. Adams, Napoleon, etc.; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture; by mall only. GEO.
L. GOODMAN. 21SOSutter St.. San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th St.: tel. Jessie 293L
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: hlch««t
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3032.
MONEY TO LOA.V.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. -
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
eta ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ar«..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S48
Market st.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrot bldg.
A 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal:
no commission: no publicity; $23 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st,.rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. 10O3 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 8X6.
8. "fT DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salariM
people on their note.
Th« TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth st.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st.. rro. 16.
3% ON furniture Jk piano*; SIS up: no removal;
V. TREMA1N. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 333 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORBELL. COO Examiner bid.
MUSICAL IXSTIIUMEXTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
8 Chlckerlas $33. $97. $133
2 Emerson $95. $U3
2 Helns $233. $3S*
2 Stelnway. small St large, upright. $1S3. S3S5
New pianos from ..-•••.•........$137 up
23. Squares from ••.•••......,.$15 uj
Piano Players. $90 up: rentn reduced to *J
up. apply on purchase; InstaUmonta. one-
tenth down. » wo years to pay balane*.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st; tsL
Main 3744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163; great bargain. 23? Geary at.
BUT your piano now and begta payment whea
you return from your vacation. By tais
means you secure the benefit ot cor reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods aa4
easy payment. THE ZENQ MAUYAId
MUSIC CO.: 7<O Market st. .
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose. Sterling, Jacobson. Schwechten
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Haines. Everett and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-2O O*Farrell st.
No branches In San Franetsco.
BAND instruments: F. Bottscn. Purls, maker;
Gus Matwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 273 OTarrsll;
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-Dsdal upright pUa>
at great loss: leaving city. 820 OTarrsll st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. MO Hayes, St.
BARGAIN: good upright: must b* sold ac
once. SCHM1TZ A CO.. lft McAllister St.
8OHMER. By rcn Mauxy pianos. Ceclltan piano
player. BTRON MAUZT. 303-312 Post stT-
SUPERIOR violins, itthers. old and new. HL
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pUce-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 TlUmors.
If some "Weeks you would spend by the broad ocean's shore,
And 'your purse Is so Bllm you're afraid they'll charge more
Than you feel you can spare, you'll cet rld v of this care
If you seek some resort where the charses are fair.
There are such good places, and the ads of them all
You are certain to find If you look in The Call.OAKLAND, July 14.— The new Santa. Fe
depot, at ¦ Emeryville will bo located west
of San Pablo avenue, nearly opposite "For
tieth street, and will occupy a ground
space 50x75 feet. To the west of the pas
senger depot the freight depot, covering
40x200 feet, will be located.
Flans for New Santa Fe Depot.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 14— Schr
Golden Shore, from Hllo.
ABERDEEN- Sailed July 14— Stmr New
burg,' for San Franclaco.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 14. .
Stmr Barracouta, NeUon. 10 days 5% hours
from Acapulco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. *
Board has re-elected the old directors and offi
cers and all the old standing committees have
been rcappointed. The officers are: A. W.
Foster, president: William Edwards, vice presi
dent; A. F. Coffin, treasurer, and F. W. Had
ley. secretary. These, with A. B. Ruggles,
compose the board of directors.
Heed Crude OH Comuany has addressed a
circular to stockholders in which It is set forth
that the company has sold Its Associated OH
stock, amounting to 2.841,0«8 shares, at 3Oc
per share; payable in cash November 2. 190.1.
the shareholders of the Reed Company having
the right reserved to buy up the Associated Oil
Company stock to the total limit of 5S1.0SS
shares at 30c per share. Stockholders desiring
to have the Associated stock Instead of cash
must notify the Reed Crude Company before
September 1. 1903. The proceeds of the sale.
of this stock will be ready for distribution in
cash to Reed Crude stockholders as soon as
possible after November 2, 1903.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAT. July 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l Bl&Ask.
4s. qr coup.. — HHi[4s q-c (now). 135 14 136
Is qr reg 111 111%|39 qr coup..lOS%lCWH;
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W Bs. — — Do Pa — __
Bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5s. — 103^4
C C G&E 5s. — 107% Ok WCogtdSs — 100
Cal G & E g Oceanic SC5s 75 S3
m and ctr.s — 101 Om C R 68.124 125
Cal-st C 5».. — — Pac G Imp4s 06% 88
C C Wat «a. — lOo P E Ry 5s.. 107 108
F.d L AP Cs.128 120>-i P & C R C*. — —
F & Cl R C9.U6H — P A O R Cs. _ _
Geary-st.R5s — — Powell-st «s.H«i; _
H C&S 6%s.lO2% — S E G&RS3". — 104%
H C & S 5s. 05 88 S F &SJV5s. — 121
Hon R T Cs. — 1C8 SRcfC 6s.lOS% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P ef A to
L A Ry 5s.— 115H, (1W9) ....— lOMi
L A L C 6s. — — (1010) — 100W
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 58.100 — (ieO5)Sr A.103%104
LAP lem 5s.l03%104% (19O5)Sr B. — 105U
Mkt-st C fis. — — OOto) — 107&
Do lem 5s.ll7% — (1912) .... — usu
N R of C Cs. — 109 S P C lcg5s.l20% — i
Do 5s — 121 Dostmpd..l07 : ?i — 1
N P C RRSs. — 108% S P B R 6s — 140 :
n c ny bs. — 114% s v wat (to.iwumK,
N CPC 5s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm 00%101
N 8 R 6s. . — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — 100U
O G L H 5S.110 — Stkn G&E Cs — 102
Oak T 6a.%'. — 122 U G & E 5s. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 5S '61 I Port Costa.. 64 6S%
Martn Co 60% — (Spring Val.. 8314 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
CentL&P.. 4% 4T 8 Sac E G&R 38 — '
Eqult Gas... • 6 S F G i E. 60% 70
Mutual E L. 13% 14% S F Gas.... 3 3%
Pac G Imp.. 54 06 Stkn G&E. 5 —
Pac L Co.... 53 67% U G & E. ... 84% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. CS% 60%I.
INSURANCE.
Flrem'ns Fd. — 350 /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P & A. 165 —
Anglo-Cal ..04 100 Mer Trust... 200 250
Bank of Cal. 553 600 Mer Ex 55 75
C S D & T..142%160 S F National — —
First NatlonI — . — .
B|S$' SAVINGS BANKS.
her S & L.. — 2275 Sav & L, So. 00 —
HumS&L.. — — Sec Sav Bk. 400 600
MutS Bank. 05 — Union T Co. 2150 —
B F Sav U.COO 750
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
- Trusteca of the Good Samaritan Mission
(owners) with Henry Jacks (contractor), archi
tect Albert Plwils — Alterations to a frame
church on SW line of Second street, 85 NW of
Folrom. NW 50 by SW 93: $3226.
C. T. Hyland (owner) with H. L. Petersen
(contractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland —
Concrete and buff brick for a three -story and
attic frame building on SK corner of Webster
and Bush streets. H 27:6 by S 87:6; $1005.
E J. Le Breton (owner) with George Good
man (contractor), architect' Alb»rt Pissls—Ex
cavating, artificial stone, paving, cement steps
and concrete trenches for buildings on N lino
of Lake street, 125 E of Fifth avenue, E 340.
N 780:9. SW 381 :«)M. SE 703:5 3-l«; $6100.
Josephine Pelmue (owner) with J. Frank Bell
(contractor) architect — AH work for a two.
story frame building on N line of Lake street.
2tf E of Sixth avenue. K 2tt by N 84, Outside
Lands, block A; $3650 .
Charles- and B. C. Brown (owners) with
Charles J. U.' Koe.nljr (contractor), architects
Etalfleld * Kohlberu— Excavation, brick, con
crete carpepter and mill, marble, hardware
work', glazing, ttnnlnK and ptasterlng for a
three-story frame building on NW corner of
G*ary and Laguna streets. N 87:(5 by W 55;
$20 318. . .
Same owners with G. C. Sweeney (contract
or), architects same — Gasfltting. plumbing and
sewern for same on same: $2800. .
Kame owners with P. N. Kusj (contractor),
architects same— Palutlns, etc.. for same on
same; i $1680.
Builders' Contracts.
Frederick K. and Mary F. Houston and
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to Albert P.
Booth, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 60
S of Turk, S 46:8 by E 100; $10.-
D. J. Reeng to Catherine Reengr, lot on R
line of Hermann street. 90 E of Steiner. E
25 by S 94:3^; gift.
Henry E. and SarfTh H. Wright to Louis
Hertz, lot on W line of Pierce street, 72:0 S
.of Vallejo, S 27:6 by W 112:6; *10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Anna T.
Croughwell. lot on E line of Ashbury street,
470 S of Frederick, S 25 by E 100:3; ?10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Thomas
W. Lynch, lot on W line of Fair Oaks street,
110 S of Twenty-fifth. S 75 by W 123; $2430.
Helene Holly (formerly Winter) and E. M.
K. Holly U> Arthur F. Bridge, lot on SE corner
of Sutter and Powell streets. E 25 by S 57; $10.
Arthur F. Bridge to William A.. Thomas Jr.
and Frederic E. Magee, same; $10.
Albert M. Armstrong and Martin Atonsohn
to Columbian Banking Company, lot on NW
line of Brannan street. 100 XE of Sixth. NE
25 hy NW 110 quitclaim deed: $50.
Stella F. Mathena to G. C. Martin, lot on K
line of Mississippi street, 175 N of Butte, N
25 by E 100; $10.
Palomares Land Company to Mary L. Craig,
lot on E line of Fortieth avenue, 250 S of Point
Lonos avenue, S 100 by E li'0; Also lot on NtJ
corner of Fortieth avenue and A street. E
82-0 bv N 10O;also lot on NW corner of For
tieth avenue and B street. W 108:2. NE J47:l.
8 43319. and all Interest In Outside Land3 block
"Marie* L. Rooney to James and Annie Young,
lot on .SE corner of Plymouth and Minerva
street*. E 150. S 125. E 50. N 125. W 50. block
Q Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
E S Pillsbury to Homer 8. King, lots 22 to
25 and 30. block 2. Lakevlew; $10.
Homer 8. and MlttieB. King to McCarthy
Company, name; ?!<>. '
Isidore Gutte to I. Gutt* 'corporation), tanifl
property as In decree of distribution of estate
of J. Gutte (except cmrtery lot); $ .
Sarah K. Nathan to Charles Nathan, all In
terest in 100-vara lots 217. 20* and 102 and all
Interest In block R, Kallroad Homestead Asso
ciation No. 2: $100.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND. July 14.— The executive
committee on the Alameda County day
for the Grand Army of the Republic at a
meeting this afternoon elected J. W.
Evans chairman and Edwin Steams sec
retary-. Mayor Warren Olney reported
that the San Francisco committee had
suggested Friday, August 21. as the Ala
meda County day. The executive heads
of government of Berkeley, Alameda,
Haywards, San Leandro and Pleasanton
will be Invited to appoint members of the
general reception committee. I. A. Beret
ta, Theodore Gler and Edwin Stearns
have been appointed a committee on
transportation. Effort will be made to se
cure free transportation across the bay
for the veterans. During the day the vis
itors will be entertained with lunch on the
banks of Lake Merritt. There will be
drives about the city and the suburbs.
Plans for Grand Army Day.
OAKLAND, July 14.— Tho funeral of
Miss Lavlna Wheeler, who died Sunday,
aged 102 years, was held this afternoon
from her late residence. 1653 Grove street.
Services were conducted by the Rev. Dr.
Sunderland, a retired Baptist clergyman,
TVho was a close friend of the aged wom
an, who had lived more than a century.
The clergyman gave special thought to
the beautiful Christian character of.hla
departed friend and offered consolation .in
the expression of respect for the good in
fluences that had been sown during her
long life. Miss Ruth "Waterman sang
"One Sweetly Solemn Thought" and
"Asleep in- Jesus." Miss Wheeler's re
mains will be sent to Sacramento for in
terment. \
WOMAN CENTENARIAN'S .
FUNERAL IS HELD
The nurses defend their action by de
claring that they believed the suspension
of their sister nurses was not Justified.
Within the hospital the story is current
that the retirement of Miss Houghton has
much relieved the tension. .
Mrs. Yule regrets the occurrence. Bay
ing it was due to one of those unfortunate
misunderstandings that arise in institu
tions where a large number of persons are
in close relation to each other.
"The trouble Is over, the clouds have
drifted away and matters are running
smoothly again," said Mrs. Yule. 'There
were some words uttered which perhaps
should not have been said. Misa Hough
ton said to-day that she thought it would
be better if she left and went to a new
position In New York, so the directors ac
cepted her resignation."
The trouble was caused by the suspen
sion yesterday of Miss Harriet Winters
and Miss Minnie Taylor,, nurses. During a.
surgical operation Miss Ella Houghton. a
graduate nurBein charge of {lie operating
department, reprimanded Mlsa Winters,
who took quick offense at what she con
sidered tho offlciousness of "the head of
the department. The situation was called
to the attention « Mrs. John Yule, pres
ident of the hospital. . Miss Taylor was
spokeswoman last evening at a meeting
with Mrs. Yule and as a result both Miss
Winters and her champion were sus
pended..
The nurses took umbrage at that order
and resolved to Btrlke, making good their
intention this morning. As the condition
of the many patients was the first con
sideration, the hospital directors lost no
time In ending the strike by restoring the
suspended nurses to duty. That done, the
board accepted tho resignation, of Miss
Houghton, who departed this afternoon
from the institution.
Forty nurses In the training department
of Fabiola Hospital went on strike at 7
o'clock this morning, leaving the patients
to shift fpr themselves with such assist
ance as the few attaches of the Institu
tion not disaffected could give them. For
three hours this situation existed and then
the hurriedly called directors of the hos
pital settled the difficulty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. July 14.
Make Drastic Move to. Gain
Reinstatement of Sus
pended Sisters.
Take Off Caps and Leave
Patients Alone for
Three Hours.
FABIOLA NURSES
GO ON A STRIKE
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 [Presidio .....— 40
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 73 7* JVigorit ... .. — 5%
SUGAR. !•*»-.-?
Hana P. Co. — — Kilauea S C. 5 "^
H C & S... 40 — . Makawelll S. 21 24*,
llonokaa 3 C — 12 Onomea S C. 22 23
Hutch S P C 12T; — Paauhau 3 C — 17
MISCELLANEOUa
Alaska Pack.l50UlW Oceanic S Co 7 — .
Cal Fruit As. — 81. PacAPA.. 2% 8
Cal Wine As. 88!$ — Pac C Borax.168 —
' Morning Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Pac:«ts # Assn 130 23
25 California Wine Assn to CO
30 Giant Powder Con 73 00
75 Mutual Electric Light 14 0O
I 20 San Francisco Gas & Elec Co... 70. 00
50 8 F Gas & Ele (Trustees 1 cert.). 69 0"
$10nO S V 4a bonds <3d mtge) M> 87%
$1000 S V 4s bonds (3d mtge) 100 00
Street — . > ¦ * •
100 Central Light A Power 4 75
75 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
115 Central Light * Power 4 75
15 Contra Costa Water 60 0O
5 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
10 Pacific Gas Imp 64 50
25 S V Water 83 50
65 S V Water 83 00
5 S V Water S3 25
Street—
100 Central Light & Power 4 75
150 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
200O Northern California Power Sa...lOOG2tt
$3000 Los Angeles Ity Ss bonds 11» 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Mornlns Session.
C25 Home Oil 2 95
200 Monte- Crlsto Oil (S 5) 1 00
Afternoon Session.
100 Home OH" 2 85
800 Lion Oil 06
Street —
100 Home OH (B SO) 3 00
100 Monte Crlsto Oil 1 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tho San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Justice 14 20O Savag» J1
100 Overman 32 100 Utah 34
100 Potosl 29
Afternoon Session.
150 Ophlr 1 60| 200 Chollar 23
100 Mexican 1 05'lSOO Imperial Oft
100 Con Cal & Va.l B0! 300 Utah Sfl
300 Savage 19 200 Occidental ... SO
PACIFIC 8TOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sa!es on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Alpha Con 0«! 100 Ophlr 1 B7&
200 Belcher 4:;. 300 Ophlr 16(1
20O Chollar 22 200 Overman S3'
200 Con C & Va..l 45 100 Potosl 2.1
700 Con Imperial.. 05 300 Savage IS
200 Gould & Cur. 40 500 Sierra NeT... Bi>
SCO Hale Sc Nor.. 60 COO Sierra Ner.... <S»
30O Mexican 1 10 40© Union Con ... S7.
200 Mexican ...1 07% : 400 Yellow Jacket 73
Afternoon Session.
20O Belcher 44' 200 Overman £T
200 Chal Con 48 COO Potosl 2*
300 Crown Point.. 24 200 Savage 10
300 Gould & Car. 40 500 Seg Be!cher. . 00
800 Justice 14! 300 Seg Belcher., 10
B50 Mexican t lf»j 20O Sierra Nev... 5!»
1OO Mexican 1 05; 3iO Utah 37
300 Occidental ... 30| 300 Yellow Jacket. 73
ICO Ophlr 1 tO>
TONOPAH MINES.
Following were the sales en the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morclng Session.
200 Colehan 20) 200 Rescue ...;.. 15
1500-Esperanza ... 061 800 Ton Belmont.2 10
200?Gbwy Q-jeen.. 271 BO Ton of Nev...S 00
100 G'ld M Con.. 09' 100 Ton N Star.. 5«
I00O<Gold M Con.. 05f 100 Ton N Star.. »7
10O Montana Ton. SSI eOO Ton N Star.. 6S
Afternoon Session.
3000 Esperanza ... 061 400 Ton Belmont.2 10
200 Gold M Con. 10} 100 Ton N Star... 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 8— 0:30 p. m.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 O7 Julia. 02 04
Alta 01 OS Justice 14 15
Andes 0f» 11 Kentuck .... 0.1 C5
Belcher 43 45 Mexican 1 05 1 IS
Best & Bel. ..2 00 —[Occidental .. 30 ,31
Bullion 04 06Ophir 1 55 1 CO
Caledonia 1 30 1 33 Overman .,.. 30 32
Challenge ... 49 .".<> Potosl 24 -.*
Chollar 21 23 Savage IS 2rt
Confidence ..I 25 1 5<» Seg Belcher.. 10 11
Con C & Va.1 45 1 05 Sierra Ner... M 60
' Crown Point.. 23 24 Silver Hill ... 9rt —
i Exchequer ... 01 02: Union ....... R8 87
Gould & Cur.. 33 40 Utah 37 3!»
Hale & Nor.. CS 61 1 Yellow Jacket 72 71
Imperial 04 OS)
TOXOPAII MINES.
Bld.AsJc.l . Bid Ask.
Tolehan 20 2l'Rescue 14 15
Ksperanza ... 05 OOTon Belmnt.2 05 2 12' j
Eula Con ... 23 — jT * Cal 20 —
Gipsy Queen. — — Ton Fraction. — 75
Gold M Con.. 09 10 Ton & G W.. 04 OS
Lucky Tom .. 07 13,Ton of Nev. ..7 75 —
MacNamara . 25 30 Ton N Star.. 60 64
Mizpah Exten — 45 Ton Midway . 45 45*
Montana Ten. 87 00 Ton & S Lake — 60
N Y Ton — 25|Ton Union .. — 1 0t>
Paymaster ... — SO United Ton.. 16 2*>
Pine Grove . . SO —^Utopia — 58
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 15, 1903.
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
s*g\c_ 2\ Steamers Ieava Saa Fraa-
/£«J i£ -xO>y Cisco as follows:
fyntl . Xtl\ For Ketchlkan. Janeau.
A*/ ra^S^ \"^l Eitas'w'ay, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
I I \^^A I m - JuIy 10 - 13> * 0 ' 23 - 3 " >
\ \ \TOM$tt ' .1 August 4. Change to com-
w\ \\ jPj pony's steamers at Seattle.
y ' For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — It
a. m., July i0. 13, 20. 25. 30. August 4. Chans; *
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., July 9. 15, 21. 27, August 2: Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12, IS. 24, 30, August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and,
RedondoK San Diego and Santa Barbara — Santa
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, 18. £4. August 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. fan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. rn. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain folder.
- Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-*
Ing dates.
'TIC**" 11 "* 1 O" I? "P t TOF-S — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Llarlcet street. > ~»
C. D. DUNANN. OenenU Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O- R.-A N. CO.
••Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11. 2L
81 "Georga W. Elder" sails July 17, 27, Aug.
6. "l<5. 28. Only ste/tmship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth aad
meals Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m a F. BOOTH. G»n. Agt. Pass. Dept., t
Montgomery »t.: C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt. FrU
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. 1 ;
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Eteamers vriU leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. .No
carco received on board on day ef sailing.
S s NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July St. 1903
S ' 8*. AMERICA MARU
' Wednesday. August .28, . 1903
S S "HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
1 nlla) Saturday, September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage, apply at Com-
nanv's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
v W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Oeeanics.s.io. sstJNsst
SS SONOMA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland.
and Sydney*. Thursday, July 16, 2 p. m.
«;=; ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 25. 11 a. m.
SS* MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 13. 11 a. m.
H. SPKCKIS 4 3S0J.C0., * jtj.Jsrtjt ei&8,0« larWS
' fr#tBtSca.32! larbi.L.Fkrla. 7.ficftSL
COXPACS IS GENE3ALE TRAN3ATLAN7I3-3 *
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ju»w
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of *&QflE|J
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «™*»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. S«o-
ocd-class to Havre. *45 and upwardL GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlngX,
New Tort J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coaat
Aeents 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Alar* laload and yaH*io Staamara.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
B-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m.. S :3(> p. m. Leaves VaJleJa.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, A p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. rn.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel-.
Main 1308. Pier S, Ml*»loa-st. dock. HATCH
ppn sox ails.
RHEUMATISM, kidney trouble and nervous
diseases cured at Institution of Pcience. Glas-
. trow bldg.. 1115 Ellis ft., rooms 7-8; advice
•jprfl «xarninatlon free by mail or at ¦"£»/*:
cases treated privately. I>R J- R- CKAH».
*upt. The *clene«> of drugless healing taugtit
'• to ifgxKingible persons only^
A---FACIAL FLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby frkin. birthmark*.
smallpox pitting* an d rr-ar* ecrrctinrally n?-
. rnov*"d without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine; ppeclal aemonftratloriF this week.
. '"all or writ* DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTF.n— :>33 men with scalp diseases; Iom
.of hair end baidness mimlniV (c«a trcat * y
mall, blank for stamp); consultation freo;
• ¦• BUM to «. Bur.fiavB 10 to 12. rrc-fesw
¦«KORGE A. GARLOW. fpecialist, room «.IS,
• i>& * Market et.
MORPHINE, opiums-ana laudanum haMts cured
' £t home by a painless home treatment: ln-
. fiorsed and used by leading [ihyFiclar.s; corre-
rpord^nce ftrlctly confidential: in plain, r-aied
rail or write to-day. India I>rug
•• Cure. 201 Turk rt.; Rruce D. Klraml*. Mgr.
THH Ptar Hair Remedy rest- ros frmy hair Im-
proves Its gTowth; stors fallirg. cures danJrurr
' end Itching eca!r>: ni " a '- n cr «'-lcklneFs;
cleanses scalp; at dnippifts'. halrdreesers ;ac-
cept no subrutute. Ftar Remedy Co..«>fcUKJcary.
NOT bow cheep, but how (tood. Is tfaa motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ftar.dard. the sewinc-marhlr.e of to-day. J.
• 1 W. EVANS, agent. lCgl r^arfcet tt.
PHYSICIAN. IS yean' experience. cur ?»,P' r -
. rr.aner.tly morrh!n». cocair.e hatit. Call or
address Central rharroary. 231 Grar.t ave..
comer Sutter at.; fee moderate.
AT lets thaa cost, uncalled forrult*. overcoats
. and trou*er*. at CHARLES LYONS'. Lcnicn
• Tailor. 721 Mr.rket *t.
DANCING TuetCay. Thur«<*ay. Fatunlny and
Punday evenings" at Teuton!*, Hall. Howard
¦¦t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Fester.
ELECVT suit* or. easy installments: . r »0 cent*
isnd up per week. LEON LE1IOS. 1127 Mar-
. k*>t rt., tcfRecn Seventh and Eighth.
¦ EflTP to order on injta'.'.mer.tn, $1 r*r week.
¦Neuhatus & Co.. rr.erch,te,llorg.727-73» Market.
ALL styles ha'.rdr«~5!n*T. 25c: hair goods: rcaal-
curir.r 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
KMLORTijADn Mit «7 SO; dreM rants 82 W.
Misfit Clcthlrg Purler, cor. Dueh and Dupcnt.
fSl'PEKFLT'<^T"S hair ar.d moles removed by
c'.ectric Media, Pr.&MiT.Traverse.lKOMaxket.
MA5QCEKAPE CFtune*. play *books. wigs,
country ora-rs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair tr> Its natural col jt; ?1: at all druggists.
Euperfuo-js hair & moles removed with elec-
.tr'.c needle. Mn>. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Putter.
VAT.ICOSE velr.j and catarrh cured et home.
" Call or write for tes-Jusonlals. Dr. WILL-
• TAMP CO.. 14" C.-arv ft.. S. F.
i'almisth.v.
MADAM DEVAS sclTt'.f.c palmist and astrol-
•oglst: fl ia'.m readings a specialty: booklet
gTatls: 3 uueaflons enev.ered free. 13» Poat
ft., office No 2H.
*FAPERHAXGI\G. PAIXTIXG. ETC. !
F.OOMS ptp^rei. $3 50 up; tinting, pa.lr.ting. '
Bvtaana Paint Co.. 31S Sd St. ; tel. Main 413
PUVSJc7\>S ASD WJRCEOXg.
PR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
"10214 Marttet St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED — PR. WONG HIM. !:erb doctor:
<reais aJl diseases c? the human tody; for
past four year* ct 315-117 Mason: now lo-
'cated ct CC7 Geary st.. near Le«venworth.
PR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Po
•Tal, herb doctor; cure* all diseases of human
by use cf berba ar.d teas. 727 Wathlngton st.
JJLOOD rk!n ard recti! diseases a specialty.
DR. PALL. HCTS Market tt.
"WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All ASs-
• ea*es cared Ly Chiiw!¥« h«Tt>». 740-6 Clay St.
PHOPEItTV WASTED.
XV ANTED— Two houses. Western Addition; S
•to 6 roorn*. 800 Market tt.. rooia 5.
SPECIAL SOTICES.
tHE Girl*' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
• ' m'.tted to the acylum from Janu-
". ary J, 1903. to July 1, 11*03:
.'Violet Dutro. 9 yrs.; Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs.:
• Frank Faesina, 12 yrs. ; Louise Fecclna. 10
yrs.; Joeeibine Feccir.a, 8 yra..- David Fec-
V cina. « yrs.; Joseph Claccy. 6 yre.; Rosa
Alameda, 6 yrs.; Gasper Castell. S yrs.: WU-
' Ham CaBtell, 6 yr».; Martin Castell. ? yrs.;
Carrie Cane. f> yra. ; Nettle Cano. 6 yre.;
Raphael Cano, 4 yr*.; Gertie Robinaoo. 1 yr.
6 r;.< .!«. ; May Ccael y, 7 jrs. ; Ira Coneiy. 6
; jt».; Otlp Conely. 4 yr*.; Benjamin de Itose.
: (¦ jrs.; Mart* <Je Rc«e, 12 yra.; Margaret
" Cowep, 10 yr*.; Kmtna Co-wep, 8 yrs.: Maria
Cowep, 5 yrs.; W'.IH* Cowep. 3 yrs. 6 mos.:
Eair.uel Beloglch. 4 yrs. 2 cos.; Pauline
•Wci:<», 8 j-rm. ; Michael ilastxosantl. 6 yrs. ;
" Wary Be'.ovlch, 30 yrs. ; Ar.tonet Belovlch. 3 I
vrs. ; Charley del Grer.il. 7 yrs.: Louis* del ]
Grendi. 6 yrs. : Marica Chapman, S yrs. 6
¦ hjo«. : ESmond Chapman. S yrs. 6 mos. ; May
.". Chapman, 1 year 6 ino«. ; P.*mond Schwell, 4
yra.; Ella Creque. 6 yr». ; Agnes V. Johnson.
7 jt*.: 5am Walsii, 9 yrs.; William lie-
KensT. & yrs. ; Isabel McKensey. 9 yrs. ;
tharlot Sorenten. «J jt*.; Bernardine Fiynn. J
• . 6 yrt. € ir.os, ; Catherine Murphy, 3 yrs. 8
rao*.; Sar^h Murphy, 2 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney,
2 vrs.: Mary Johr.ston. 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
c ton, 5 yrt. ; James Johnston, 2 ITS. : Clara
Johasen. 10 jtj. 7 mos.; Ethel Wagner, <J
yr*. : Ma: la King. 7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs. ;
. Wsnfred King. 3 yre. <J mos. ; Henry King.
"• 1 year ' me*.: S&oi Schmidt. 3 yrs.; Mary !
• McXlcke'.:*. 7 yrs. : Agrses McNlckells. 7 yrs. :
Kmly McN'i^kells, 6 yrs. ; John Wagner, 12 |
jrs.; Maria Warmer. 10 yrs.; Chester Wag-
Ter. 8 yrs.; Cinrs Futterer. t» yre.; L»wis |
.Cheer*i!o. 6 yr*.; Eva Narvis. 7 yrs. : John j
• Henderson, 3 yra.; Margaret Bar.r.an. 6 yrs.; j
John Green. 5 jr*.; H»nry Paster.e. 4 j-rs. :
•.Vila Brand. 3 ;te. : Maria Walsh. 1 j-ear 0 \
mo*.: Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs.. ; Willie Sum- !
m»rr. 2 yrs. 4 rcc5. ; Michael Logue. 2 yrs. Z |
• rcos. ; Jocer-hlne Baker. 1 year 4 mcs. ; i':«ic 1
..Jer.klrss. 2 yre. C rr.^s. ; Anr.ie McDornell, '•?
*.jr*.; Sadie Misson. 7 yrs. : Frank Lcjan. 5'
'• 'yir. ; Apnes Buckley. 12 yr«.; Lottie Camp-
. j*ll. 6 yrf.: E!!a Moran fe yrs.: Margaret
Lortus. 2 yrs.: Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ;
. Florence Buckley, 9 yrs. 2 isos. ; Dora
. " - Glelschner. 4 yrs. : Addle Wethrr. 5 yrs.; Jc-
- fph Swayr.". 1 ycer 2 mos.: Uachael Myers.
2 >rs. : L:il:e Kearney. 1 year 0 mcr."; Mlchaei
•Korean. 2 >n.: Violet Pickett, 10 yrs.; Frank
White. 4 jte. ; Jcf-.n Wlgln. 4 yrs.; Joseph
Miller. S jrt.; Graci* Hopscn. 7 jts.; Carrls
• Cc'.lir.s. 0 rn.i Harriet Methan. 12 yrs.: John
•" Ktne. 2 yr*.: Gracie Mihigan. 11 yrs.; Joseph
KirTdan, 6 yr*. ; Emma Campbeer.. 7 yrs.;
•Thrrcsa Hill. 3 yrr.; Leonard Fisher, 8 yrs. :
Anna Hulitr. 8 yrs. ; L'.l'ie C&shcll, 4 yrs.;
.1 ioren^* Ncifon, 2 jrs. ; Rorie Kn^ett, 4 jts. ;
Thf rc*a Donald. 5 yr*. ; Ar.nie IJrag. 2 yrs. :
Kr*d Ccr.Iey, a jti.; Mary Hrj-ant. 4 yrs.; Al- j
t-ert Kicho"s. 4 yre. 0 mw.; Gcorc* Hoffman.
P jrs. ; Alice Nlchoil*. 7 jt?. : Antonla LouUe, I
I 1 yrs.: Thercc* KlfhT, 8 yre.: Myrtle Fisher, j
'¦ 7 jrs. ; Mary Krnld. 7 yrt. ; Hilda Holyerson, I
10 vrs.; Efthur Hclveryon. V yrs.; 'Lizzie!
lleran. 7 jrf.; Cdte Regan, ."» yrs.: Mary I
Regan. R its.; Philonicna lior*e. 2 yre. ; John '
MufchiEl. 7 >rs.: Hcr^l Roche. 10 yrs.
JfCTICE — The recretary of the Ean Francisco
Protestant Orphan Arylum Society herewith
glicfr i.o::r> that the followli:g orphan and
. half-orphan girls and beys hav e b«en admit-
' i'£ to th* to'ium on Haight and Laguna
»ts.. frcm Jan. 1. 1S03. to July 1. 1903:
• Mabel O. Clark. 8 yrs. and 10 mos.; Dora
M. Campbell 9 yrs.; Martha Erown. 9 yrs.
.* 4 ts.oi.: Arnle Brown. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Christina
O-.rtftianscn 15 jt*. ; Lulu A. Deahl 3 yrs. ;
••Louree Mohr. 7 yrs.; Alice E. Whightman. 11
' yrt : Ami* Gocerel. 7 yrs. ; Martha 'Joassel,
" t yrt ; Da!!as R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos. ; Frank
O Clark 6 yra. 2 mos. ; Joseph A. ICeenan, 3
• rrr. S mos.; James Kecnaa. 2 yrs.; Herman
' Kchr 0 yr*. C nios.; Albert William Whight-
man '7 jt6.; Albert Caldwell. 2 yrs. 1 ir.o.;
Jlero'.d W. Anderson. 3 yrs.; Frederick Qoas-
' -acL » yrs.. and Hesry Koenlcke. 8 yrs.
frlili I'kciflc Hebrew Orphan Asylum aad Home
. fcocicty hereby gives notica that they have
.' •dmitted Into the orphanage from January 1,
I9C3 to June 33 1003. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and glrla.
". v.x: Lcuis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene W.»il.
• ged t) years 3 months: Helen Weil, aged 8
Sears 2 rr.cnthe: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
..years; Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years «S
months: Edna Wefl. aped fl year* 6 months;
Fa die Markowltz. aged 9 year* S months;
Louis Bob«rt Cousins, aged 10 years 3
month*; Matilda Etone. aged 8 years B
.rvontha; If*4or Klein, aged 8 years; Solomcn
jilfln. aged S years 7 month*; Ida Miller.
' cfeed 30 years 9 months; Rase Miller, aged 6
.' yearr; Lawrence Maurice Beck, aged 5 yean;
Rote Elver, aged 4 yean U months^
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
<~all. if> pares, wnt lo any address in th«
•Tlfttted States r, T Canada one year for >1.
T* PROPOSALS.
OFFICE cf C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wesh.. July 10, 1S03— Sealed proposals In
' triplicate trill be received here until II
'o'clock a. m., August 10, 1903. for furnlchlng
for^fe and bedding at posts in thii <J*P«rt-
mert for j - ear «-nfllnB June 30, 19W. Inform-
-fetlon furn!*hed here cr by " quartermasters
' Ju posts. U. E. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or al! proposals or any i-art
thereof. Envelopes containing propcsal*
Fhould be marked: "Proposals for Forage and
Beddl&z at — " and addressed to undersigned.
. F. H. HATHAWAY. C Q. M.
PROPOSALS for Iron Pipe. — No. 30 New
Montgomery at.. Kan Francisco, California.
July 13, l»03.— Sealed propoaala, In triplicate,
will be receded here until 11 o'clock a. m..
August 12, 1603, for furntrhing about UOO
ions caet-lron plr>« and 12,000 feet galvanized
tron pipe, with fittings, delivered at ships'
tackle In San Francisco. The United btates
reserves th» right to accept or reject any or
fc.il Dropoenls or any part thereof. Informa-
tion and black propoeais fumLshed on appli-
cation. Envelopes will be indorsed "Pro-
(xicala for Iron Pipe." and addressed Major
' C. A. ' Devol. Quartermaster, V. 6.' Ann/,
Depot Quartermaster.
SPECIALISTS.
CATA^RhTdEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter at.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy at.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for alL Don't delay.
ANDJSUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGXiNS IN TYPEWRITERS— W«
pell better machines for less money than any
: house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
v gomery st. ¦ ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 2C9 Sansome.
, MARBIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : . •
Albert E. Nelson, 32, 522 Oak street, and
Jennie E. Olson, 23. 174 San Carlos avenue.
Harry P.Crozler. 21. 700 Grove street, and
Edith Duke. 18, city.
Edward A. Kell, 21, city, and Margaret E.
Learj'. 18, city. .*?• ' :
James J. Mullen, 38, Sulsun, Cal., and Alice
Davis, 24, city.
Patrick J. Sullivan. 35, 323 Twelfth street,
and Katherine EnrlKht. 25. 11 Bowie avenue.
John P Taylor, 31, 15 Church avenue, and
Rosle Stewart, 30, 15 Church avenue.
Georgre W. Cherry, 30, Fresno, Cal., and
Anna E. Lehman, 28. Fresno, Cal.
William F. Foley, 30, Benicla. Cal., and
Nora L. Buckley, 22, city.
Charles B. Gilmore, 26. 505 Harrison street,
nnd Abble E. Soule, 25, 1S26 McAllister street.
Richard H. Jones, 21, city, and Eliaabeth A.
BemlB. 21, city.
George Plummer, 25, S09 Scott street, and
Sadie M. Hatherell, 22. Butte. Mont.
Hiram Powera, 21, Benlcia, Cal.. and Maria
Flannery. 18. Benlcia, Cal.
Faustino Rosala, 30. Baden, Cal., and Maria
Epediaeci, 30, 1402 Kearny street.
George Jackson, 21. 124 Eleventh street, and
Annlo McClaine. 21, 15« Perry street.
John P. Bowers. 42. 21 Taylor afreet, and
Mary C. Bowers. 20. 21 Taylor street.
IJMS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notlct* sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HOWSE— In this city. July 13. 1003. to the
wife of H..L. Howse, a daughter.
RUSSELL— In Oakland. July 14, 1903, to the
wife -of W. L. Russell, a son.
MARRIED. ~
MILLER— STANFORS— In thi« city, July 13.
1603, by the Rev. John Stephens. Andrew
Miller and Bessie Stanfors, both of San
Francisco. ¦ - '
died] ~~~
Adler, Ellsan . Holt. Claude
Amatl, Felix Johnston, Capt. L.
Arnheim. Hannah Jliller, Martha G.
Bell, Clara S. Moeser; Harry L. ,
BiebeBhelmer. G. F. O'Malley. George
/Braiden, Alexander l'iconso, Bartolomeo
Brown, Amelia A. Reitzwelth. Wm.
Bruml. Lena fchattuck, Wm. M.
Coates. John F. Stringer, Ida M.
Cocks, Barzllla Tamony, Cornelius
Daley. John H. Tresaugue, Arman-
Davis, Rachel tine
DIxftn, Dr. Geo. A. Wetzel, Ilanna
Graham, Sarah Wllkens.. Chaa.. J. C.
Gropper. Karl E. t York,. Ethel L.
Haugny, James ___
ADLER— In this city, July 12. 1903, at his resi-
dence, 15U2 Union street. Elkan Adler, be-
loved hunband cf Bertha Adler, and father
of Charles Adler of New York. Jake Adler,
MrB. J. R. Hardy. Mrs. Firank Hutchlngs and
Rope Relda. a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged 77 years 1 month and 10 days.
(CTFuneral and interment private In Eter-
nal Home Cemetery Wednesday.
AMATI— In this city, July 14, 1903. Felix,
<ieariy t>elcved liusbanil of Catherina Amatl,
father of Bettir.a ond Phyllis Amati. brother-
in-law of Miss Margaret Collins and Sister
Mary Bernard of the Order of the Holy Fam-
ily, a native of Turin. Italy, aced 'M years
5 months and 2 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invittd to attend the funeral . Friday,
July 17, at 8 o'clock, from his late residence,
7'J5 Union- street, thence to Sts. .Peter and
Paul's Church, .Filbert and Dupont streets,
where a requiem hieh mass will be cele-
brated Tor the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at »:;i0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ARNHEIM— In this city. July 14. 1903. Han-
nah, belovid wife of Herman 8. Arnheim,
daughter of Sam Harris and the late Jane
Harris, and sister of Willie, Lawrence and
Daniel Harris, Mrs. L. Langly, Mrs, K. '
Davidson. Mrs. Nellie Bernstein. Mrs. S.
Chaskel! of Montana and Mrs. L. Goodbody
of San Diego, a native 'of London, England,
aged 47 years 8 months and 23 days.
C7Ktlcn<l8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlom
of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street, and
thence by 2 o'clock train to Home of Peace
Cemetery for Interment.
BELL— In Alameda. July 13. 1003. Clara So-
phia, beloved wife of Alexander G. Bell, and
mother of Rowena E.. Alexander H.. Doro-
thy A. and > William A. Bell, a native of
California, aged 42 years 1 month nnd 6 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. July 15. at 2 o'clock, at the
residence. 1530 Mozart street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. !
BIKMEEHEIMKR— In tliis city, July 14, 1903,
Guetav F., beloved son of the late Peter and
Lena Bieb'fhelmer. and brother of George
and Julius Biebesheimer. a native of Downle-
ville. Sierra County, aged 32 years S months
and 17 days.
BRAIDEN— Kntered into rest, July 13. 1903.
Alexander Hraiden of San Ardo, 'Monterey
County, Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
BROWN— In this city. July 12. 1903. Amelia
A. Brown, a native of New York City, aged
73 years and 11 months.
CT Friends nre r<-si>ectfully Invited to at-
tend the, funeral to-day (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock, from tlie parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 319 O'Farrell street. Interment prl-
vats.
BRUML— In Lockeford. July 12, 1903, Lena,
beloved wife of the late Moses Bruml, be-
loved mother o{ Amelia S. Daley, Julius L..
Henry J. and the Iata Albert N. Bruml, and
Fister of Mark Levinsky and Hanchen Cohn
a native of Kxln. Prussia, aged 72 years 10
n:onth;i and 17 days.
(CFriomis and acquaintances lire respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday), at 10:00 o'clock, from the par-
lors of HalstM & Co., H1C Mission street. In-
terment Home of Peaeo Cemetery by 11:.'M)
o'clock train from Third and Townscnd
streets. • •
COATES— In this city. July 14, 1903. John F.
Contef, father "f Alr». Myrtle ten Bosch and
Charles and Chr«st<?r Coates, a native of
England, aged fiS yearn.' .
ICJ'Nctlce of funeral hereafter.
COCKS— In this city, July 14, 19O3.- Barzllla,
beloved husband of Mary E. Cocks.- father of
1.5rB. 1). A. Hulse and .Walter 8 Cocks, and
grandfather of Mrs. George A. Johnston and
Alice H. Hulse, a native of Stanford, Conn.,
aged 79 years and 2 months.
inyFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral oervlceb
Wednesday, July in. at 3 o'clock, at hia late
residence, 101.1 Church street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third. Interment at
Benlcia Thursday.
DALET— In this city. July 13, 1903. John
Henry, beloved son of. Patrick and Catherine
Daley, and loving brother of Dennis, James
Frank and M«ry Daley, Mrs. M. Manning
and Mrs. Margaret Schubert, a native of Kan
Francisco, aged 37 years. (San Jose papers
plcafcb copy.) -
ICTFrtenrts and acaualntance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 40 Rlnggold street, near Ninth
thence to St. Joseph's Church, 7?here a
solemn requiem hlRh mass- will b« celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at U
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
DAVIS — In Oakland, July 14, lfKtt, Rachel
beloved wife of the late Schrnerel Davis and
motner of Mrs. M.. Osscsky, Airs. -8. Lelaer
A. Davis and J Davln, a native or Germany'
aged 73 years and C months.
DIXON— In thin city, July 14, 1003. at tho
residence ¦ of his brother, -Harry -C. Dlxon,
|j~~~ .""• ¦T^eXrestTthe city '~~~^
l rF -^f_f : JCE} 916 MARKET ST. j
HENRY j. CALL A CHER CO
(Successor's ' to Flannagan & Gallagher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South ; t>0.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral- Directors and Embalmers- .
• Formerly In '..Metropolitan. Temple. •*.
Now at 860 MISSION.. Tel., South 167
Between Fourth and. Fifth, Near Fifth St.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates,
James McGinn.' - ' Henry Hanscn. *
• JAMES McGINN" & CO.. !
Formerly -With McGinn Bros., |
Funeral Directors and "mbalmers— I
V 214 Eddy/st.; Tel. South 678. '.: I
HKXL J£^ATJ>^ITY~FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. >
Do You Want to Make Money?
Then Belect Lots In Our New Blocks.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices, Easiest
Terms.
$500 to $1000. Sunset District. AH Graded
and Pewered. $10 Monthly.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave.. near H
Street. Open Sundays and Holidays^ • • >.
"Oceanside" Lots, Just Being Graded!
Nothing Like It Ever Offered Here!
Every Lot Has a Fuperb Ocean- and Park
View!
H Street. 4Cth, 47th and 48th Avenues,
Fronting Park and Ocean ,Elec,tric Line.
Only Graded Boulevard Lots Fronting Ocean!
Don't MIfs Seeing Them To-Day!
All Bold on Easy Terms! 1
Call for Diagrams and Prices!
Oceansld* Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenue
and K Street, ..Open Sundays.
New Level Lots In Excelsior Homestead.
Only $200 Each. $5 Monthly.
Near Mission-street Electric Car Line. ,
$1200. $2000 to $.".000. 4, 6 and 6-Room Modern
Cottages In Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. Ea*y Terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery st.
{
CLAY-STREET RESIDENCE LOT.
Magnificent lot on North side of Clay St., closa
to Lafayette Square.
60 feet front by 127:8 feet deep.
The best ree!dence locality In the city, pur-
rounded by fine homes; close to car lines, close
to a £ne sQuare and close to downtown.
* IS. 000.
sutter-st: building lot. !
North side, near Devisadero; 3 fine-sized lots. 1
with a depth of 137 :C feet: street and sidewalk
bltuniinlzed; granite curbing: cars passing
c'.oee to it; Devisadero-ft. car line; lot level
I and ready to build on; cheapest piece of prop-
i erty being effered to-day in that neighborhood.
PRICE. $11,000.
FOR SALS BY C. S. CArP * CO.. j
1 C3O Market st, 1
TOST St.. bet. Octavia and Lamina; N side;
let 25:10x'.H); f.na location for flats.
ALPINE et., bet. loth and 14th; 20x100; fine
1 vit-w; easily accessible; cheap.
TWENTIETH tt., bet. Church and Sanchec;
2 lots, each 20x114; cheap.
TWENTY -THIRD St.. bet. Bryant and York;
lot 25x100. with 3-room cottage; cheap.
FOLKOM et.. bet. 3d and 4th: large lot; old
Improvements: rents $100 net; cheap.
McALLIPTER st.. S. side. bet. Pierce and
Scott; 23x137:6; flrst-rate neighborhood; any-
thing built there will rent well.
PIERCE St.. between California and Sacra-
mer.to; lot 120 feet front; 2 corners: with. <J
I good houses; well rented to good tenants.
j Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents. €30 Market st.
j JOSEPH STRAU3. 630 Market st-
: 19500 — Elegant residence • of 10 rooms. 2
i baths basement: fashionable district: marina
j Mew.
j $3000 — 2 flats. 9 rooms, basement: rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; .Mason and
I Filbert sts.
: $2500— 2-rtory hou«e «f 12 rooms; basement
I of 5 rooms: pays IB per cent. -
j $6500 — Good income property; nice locality;
3 bay-window flats; basement; sun all day; 1
pays over 11 per cent.
Choice lots In Sunset for cash or on easy
Installments.
A SMALL tract °of land that is wooded and
has stream, or creek, in sitely location, is
required by a club within reasonable dl!--
atnee of Ear. Francisco; state price ar.d give
dtfciiptlon; propositions will be considered
nlso of land on McCloud Rlvf-r or in Lake
Tihoe region. W. J. GUNN. 630 Calif or-
nls. st. ¦ 1
WHOLE block of houses Just started Dear the
Park on Carl. Cole. Shrader&Parnassus ave. ;
plans term*, prices to cult: apply premises.
JAMES ROUXTREE & CO.. 13* Carl at.
FOR SALE — House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; ?unny side of Nineteenth et.. between
Valencia and Mission; mast well; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221
Powell «t. I
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
NY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy you
a lot and build you a house: >mall cash pay--
rr.er.t: t& per month pays principal and In-
terest on each Siono of balance due.
$2750 — HOUSE, ft rooms; bath; 2 patent clos-
et?: stable; nice garden; bargain. Box 1193,
Call office. " ¦¦
¦ — — ¦ — ' — —^ — — —^-^—^ —^ —^ — — — — ,
j FOR saie — New 7-rccm modern cottage; nicely 1
¦ decorated; easy terma. 27 Lizzie, nr. 3Oth
and Mission. Apply owner, 3252 Mission st. !
] INVESTMENTS eouth of Market st. from $15C0 |
to $15,000. paying from 10 to 15 per cent.
i Syndicate Investment Co.. 207 Montgomery.
1 NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
tt. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you; open.
50x100; NORTHWEST corner Folsom and
Eighteenth Ets. ; it controls the crossing. Call
at 213S Folsom Et.
I HOME lots In the Mission, $500; $10 monthly;
; no interest. Owner. C38 Clay et.. room 1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Iff pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year, j
I POIVr RICHMOND HEAL. ESTATE.
i FOR eaie— 127 acres near Point Richmond:
price $17.rXX>. AddreFs ' A. B. PATRICK &
¦ CO.. 415 Front ft.. Pan Francisco.
! SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-head cak. guaranteed: Eecocd-hand.
JO to $15; seme nearly new; CO days* exchang»
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange. 833 Mkt.
st.. bet. 6th and Cth: phoae South 433; eleva-
tcr: branch. 2S5 Geary »t. : phoae Main 750.
ALAMEDA ABYERTKEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST'WHAT '"TOU~ARE LOOKING FOR!
\ A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
: Furrouno>d by flowers nnd fruit trees; near
i train and schools; only 52850: lot 75x125.
j Nice E-room cottage and bath. j
¦¦ ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
7V1. Gr.ind 1461. 1500 Park et.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AJex. Murdock & Co.. Lorln Btatlon. Berkeley —
l;eal estate brokers, owscrt. builders, etc.
i
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fine large lots right at th<» station en graded
streets; beautiful, trees, charming views, no
hills to climb; prices very low, only $S to
$12 a front foot: will double In value: don't
rail to see them; over SO lots sold recently;
send for illustrated booklet: sg-?nt on the
ground Sundays. LYON & HOAO, 316 Mont-
gomery ftt. ¦ . '-J' *
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 DOWN— In Piedmont; monthly pay-
ments; cottage of 5 room*, all In 'nice
cenditica; close to cars; street work all
done. ' - ; ' ;-
$3000 — Necrly new, modern colonial cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing, all in
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stono sidewalks
laid; epen lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grov« st ; line barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
must b« sold; owner away; cannot - bo
duplicated at the price; must be seen to
be appreciated; terms of payment If d«-
elred. ' »
$3500 — Eastlake cottage of C rooms, bath, high
basement; lot 34x135; good' small barn; .
all in fine condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 507 25th »L, near Grove.
Send for 8-page printed catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN^
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
OAKLAND FURNITJJnE^JFjOIt SALE.'
FURNITURE good and cheap thU month. II.
8CHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE — Conntry— For Sale.
FOR SALE BY C. E. CAPP & CO..
Real Estate AcentB, 630 Market st.
Fifty acres In heart of Mill Valley. Marln
County; convenient to railroad; suitable for
picnic grounds or subdivision Into building
lots; to be sold as a whole.
Over 8500 acres fine stock lands in Monterey
and San Benlto counties; well watered and
very desirable.
Also 1220 acres adjoining; good stock land; for
Bale separately or together.
Over 800 acres In Fresno County; 10 miles from
Fresno; with canal and right of way: on the
line of S. P. R. R. and San Joaquln River.
A full block In Fresno; well located and a bar-
* gain.
480 or 640 acres In Tehama County, within
a mile or so of railroad; near Hooker sta-
tion, 10 miles north of Red Bluff.
. 0
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NEW apartment house; furnlshed~and^un^
furnished rooms; new management; elevator;
hot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 808
8d st.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms 91 week.
ELEVENTH, -10C — Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
FILLMORE. 2219 — 4 large furnished rooms;
bath; housekeeping: choice; $30.
GROVE. 361—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; every
convenience; bath, gas; private family.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk st.
KEARNY. 104 — 3 newly papered sunny unfur-
nished rooms; $20; references.
NATOUA, 1007. nr. 11th — Large tsunny Turn.
room, with or without housekeeping; private.
OAK, 117 — Neatly furnished sunny suite; «lnk,
gas range, hot bath, laundry; adults $12;
Eicgle $5.
SUTTER, 967— Sunny rooms completely fur-
: "lilhhcd for housekeeping; reasonable; running
I wa ter; bath; phone.
! VALENCIA. 1S7 — Three, large. «unny rooms,
I furnished complete for housekeeping; separata
entrance front ond back, with bath and gas;
no small children; rent $22 50.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas, bathtubs, yard; all eunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
I Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fern, and l'nfurn.
A—" "'"' *¦
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of thei Grand Army of the Republic
has arranged
With the
. CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Market et.. cor. Turk and Market.
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471,
To act with the Committee In locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private
rt-Eidences, boarding and rooming houses. -
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to offer. None but
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the same will be subject to inspection by
a representative of the Agency, and in all
cases must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will be assigned thereto.
A. A. — City Room Renting Agency.
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHF.RLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 200 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM; RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— HOTEL GRAYSTONE,
CO GEARY .ST., PHONE HUSH 8S0.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES.
WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Flxth— Rooms
25c to *1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market «t. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Room*. 23c, 60c. *1, *1 50 night;
81 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 5 room apart -
n;enta for hkpg. ; strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 genta;
bath; running water; references. SS9 Post st.
BURNETT. 142C Market— (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
| nished rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
i CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
I furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FAIR OAKS. 210 — Furnished or unfurnished
for light housekeeping; gas.
GEARY. 402— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
,%2 50 to $4 50 per week; strictly quiet.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $C week; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite -
also single rooma. $2 to $7 week.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 041 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms; single or en suite; SI per
week up. ,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
j offices; elevator; eioc lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL Houf«\ 126 Ellis— Incandescent HghtsT
reading-room, smoklns-room and ladirs' par-
lor: rooms per night. 15c to ?1 50; week. *2
to $S: month. $8 to 530; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BUTTER. 9C7— Nicely furnished parlors; low
rent; especially well suited for office. •
TO LET— A newly furnished front hay-window
room In new modern flat with u*e of bith;
15 minute* from Third ar.1 Market sts.: north
ride cf Marke.t: handy to .1 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
TURK. 41C. Reglna — Beautiful Funny suites A
single: latest lmpts; lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
— 100 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to ?6 week; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bun and baggage.
VAN NESS axe.. 619— Renovated ;• handsome
sunny furnished suites front run; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4i ?.<l st.. near Market—
Moit convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
j S.'.c to Jl 50 night; $2 to $s week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch otllce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offices for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia rt.
ROOMS AXD IIOARD.
AMOY. THE '^^T^DEVISAIJERO^StC
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
; suite or slncle; billiards; «team heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select privates boarding-
house; rooms single or en eulte; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex, S07 California 8t. — Attractive in-
tcrlor; exceptional table; free billiard- room.
ELEGANT furnished rooms with board in re-
fined home. 1337 O'Forrell 1st., cor. Laguna.
1 THE JOHNSON. COS O'Farrell St.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; rets.
ROOMS WASTED."
TWO 'i:nftirnlshed rooms for housekeeping;
downntalrn; in a quiet family; In Oakland,'
Alameda or Frultvale. Box 18C8. Call office.
STORAGE !Mp AV., -.T3HOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage it \ «c C«-; (urnTtiireT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 728.
131 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 1G1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Poet and Powell stf. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Gclden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN Wcet Storage; advances made; Sio
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 28L
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; teL Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
KOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Phoenix Savings.
Building and Loan Association, No. 53s Cali-
fornia Et., San Francisco, Cal., has declared
semi-annual dividends to June 30, 1903, pay
able July 20, 1903, at the following rates, to
wit: On Installment certificates, 9 per cent
per annum; time deposits, 0 per cent per an-
num; savings account* (withdrawable at any
time), 4% per cent per annum. A. A. Wat -
kins, president; C. R. Bishop, vice president;
B.'Prentlss Smith, treasurer; C Grange,
1 managing director. '.-'.'¦;
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco— At a regular meet-
Ing of the board , of directors of this bank,
. held July 7. 1903. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30, 1903, at th«
rate of 7 per cent ' per annum, payable on
and after the 15th list. Transfer books will
¦ be" closed: from the 10th, to the 15th inst.,
both days inclusive. San Francisco, July 7.
1003. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
1752 Fclsom street. Dr. George Arthur Dlxon.
beloved son of the late James D. and wary
Wxon, and beloved v brother of Harry «-¦•
Joseph L; and the late Charles F. Dlx0 ";, .
native of Mayfleld. Santa Clara County, cai..
aged 24 years 9 months and 10 days.
GRAHAM— In th:s city. July 14,' 1903. Sarah,
beloved wife of Georce H. Graham. ™°™S*
of Marie Graham, beloved sister of Mrs.
Thcmas Bunyan. daughter-in-law of. Mrs. --
H. Graham, and alster-in-law of J^- "• """
R- I. Graham, a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 3 months and 1 day.
ICT Notice of funeral . hereafter. •
GROPPER— In this city. July 13. l^'^^fe
Emll. dearly beloved son of John and Gussie
Gropper, a native- of San Francisco, ft*ea •»
years 4 months and 20 days. ¦ +
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Y^ edn< [,
day. July 15. at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1308 Jackson street,
between Leavenworth ¦ and Hyde. Intermeni
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAUGHY— In this city. July 14, ,1003. James,
beloved husband of the late Helen C.
Haughy. and father, of James C. Edward
W. and George W. Haughy. a native or
County Meath. Ireland, aged 74 years. -
(ETThe funeral will take olace from his
late residence. 327 First Btreet. to-day. July
15. at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Croea Ceme-
' tery. t
HOLT— In this city, July 14, 1903, Claude, be-
loved «on of Samuel H. and the late Mar-
garet A. Hdlt. and brother of William A.
Holt. Misa California Holt, Mrs. Nancy B.
Mills and Mm. Caledonia Soule. a native of
Phoenix, Or., aged 20 years and 16 days.
JOHNSTON— In this city. July 13, 1903, Cap-
tain LouIb W. Johnston, beloved husband of
Anna L. Johnston, nnd father of Georgo F.,
Walter L.. Edwin C. Charlotte M.. Harry
V. and , Ada M. Johnston, aged 73 years 9
months and 9 days. A member of Hercules
Lodge Np. 53. A. O. U. W. .
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from bis late
residence. 729 Shrader street. Interment pn-
. vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. July 14. 1903. Martha
G. Miller, beloved daughter of Charles and
Martha Miller, and sister of Doris Miller, a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
14 days.
MOESER— In Alameda, July 14, 1903, Harry
I L.. beloved son of Oscar and Emella Moeser,
and brother of Roy Brunell, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 9 months.
O'MALLEY— In Redwood City. July 13.-1903,
George, beloved son of Philip and Bridget
O'Malley. nnd brother of Philip. Charles.
Eddie, Tom. Millie. Austin and Maggie
O'Malley and Mrs. Kate Rose, a native of
Colma, San Mateo County, aged 27 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day,
from Redwood City, at 12 o'clock, by train to
Holy Cross Cemetery, where the remains will
be interred.
PICONSO— In this city, July 13. 1903, Bartolo-
meo. dearly beloved husband of Louisa Plcon-
¦o. and loving father of Rosa and Lawrence
Piconso. Mis. Addiaon Parry and the late
John Piconso, a native of Italy, aged 43
years.
ET'Frlen.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, July 15, 1903, from his late residence.
317 Filbert street, at 12 o'clock, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, thence to Gari-
baldi Hall, where ceremonies will be held at
1 :30 o'clock. Interment New Italian Ceme-
tery.
REITZWEITZ — In the City and County Hos-
pital. July 12, 1903, William Reltzweltr.
SHATTUCK— In this city, July 14, 1003, Wil-
liam M. Shattuck, beloved eon of Mrs. S. A.
Knapp, a native of California, aged 37 years.
STRINGER— In this city. July 13. 1903. Ida
M.. beloved wife of the late William J.
Stringer, and mother of W. A. Stringer and
Mrs. L. Eugene Lee. a native of Danzig, Ger-
many, agerf BO years and 10 months. ¦
ICT" Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
services Wednesday, July 15, at 1 o'clock,
at her late residence. 2744 Steiner street. In-
terment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
TAMONY — An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of the late Cornelius C. Tamony
Thursday morning, July 16, at 8 o'clock, at
St. Joseph's Church.
THESAUOUE — In Mayfleld. July 13, 1903, Ar-
mantlne Tresaugue, beloved wife of Aneelme
' Treeaugue, beloved mother of Eugene, Leon
and Emlle Tresaugue. beloved daughter of
Victor and Eugenie Dupuis, and sister of
Victor Dupuis, a native of New Orleans,
aged 30 years 4 months and 3 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are resppct-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral services
Thursday. July 16. 1903. at 10:30 o'clock, at the
undertaking parlors of Iaccherl. Duclos &
Co.. 629 Broadway, between Stockton and
Dupont streets. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WETZEL— In this city, July 14. 1903. Hanna
Wetzel, beloved wife of Herman Wetzel. a
native of Germany, aged 38 years S months
and IS days.
WILKEXS — Entered Into rest. Charles John
Conrad .Wllkenr.* beloved husband of Dolores
Shaw de Wllkens. and father of Dolores A.
Wllkens, -a native of Hamburg. Germany,
aged 78 year*.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
YORK — Passed Into a higher life, Ethel L.,
eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. S. York,
and sister of Zena and Rosco York, a native
of San Jose, Cal. (San Jose papers please
copy.)
(Or Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
Wednesday. July 15. 190.", at 2 o'clock, at
her late residence. 411% Oak street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
BUENA VISTA Parlor No. CS. N. D. G. W. —
Officers and members are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Kate
Littler, from her late residence, 5% Polk
street. Wednesday morning, July 15, at 11:30
o'clock. BELL O'BRIEN, President.
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.her home In Bayonne, N. J. She was
thirty-one Inches tall, weighed fifty
pounds and was 40 years of age. The re
cent hot weather caused her fatal Illness.
Fine half-tone printing by skilled mea and
modern machinery. Mysell-Itollins. 23 Clay. •
The Woman's Relief Corps of the Michi
gan department will attend the conven
tion in a body and will establish its head
quarters at the Occidental Hotel. There
are many prominent members of the
corps in this division, Including Past
National President Emma Stark Hamp
ton, who attended the Grand Army con
vention in this city in 1SS6.
All the prominent athletes of the club
have volunteered their services for the
occasion. Many other athletes from^he
various clubs^n the city have also kindly
consented to furnish talent for the occa
sion, so it promises to be a great athletic
carnival.
All the members of the club will attend
the benefit, in a body, accompanied, by
their wives, sisters and friends. So the
directors feel confident that the carni
val will be a huge' success both socially
as well as financially.
Mrs. Eliza = Shepard, president of the
department > of California' and "Nevada,
Woman's Relief Corps, called t a' meeting
of the order -"to make arrangements for.
the reception and entertainment, of ..the
veterans during their sojourn in this "city..
Committees were appointed- to take
charge of the affair and to make arrange-"
ments for a grand reception:
The reception will, be tendered the vet
erans and the visiting members of the
Woman's. Relief Corp^ by the members of.
the California and Nevada department on
the evening of August 20, at Golden Gate
Hall on Sutter -There will be a
grand promenade .concert," 1 music- by a
concert band* and speeches by many of
the prominent members "of the ? Grand
Army and the Woman's" Auxiliary. . '.
During the same everilng-.the Woman's
Relief Corps of Massachusetts will hold a
reception -in the same hall. The three
branches. '.of the auxiliary are working to
gether for .the : success -'of the event and
it \ should 'prove 'to be one of the most
pleasant. of -the- encampment.
Mrs. L.' J.; Taylor, the national presi
dent 'of Woman's Relief Corps, will
hold a* reception' at the same hall on the
evening ~»6f /'August 19. Mrs. Harriet J.
Bodge; of "the-. Connecticut. department of
the cojps', : 'wlll. attend the convention and
is to"' festablfsir her headquarters at the.
Hotel "Roosevelt on Sutter street.
Final preparations are now being made
by the directors of the Olympic Club for
the entertainment to be given under the
auspices of the organization at Mechanics'
Pavilion on the night of July 30 for the
benefit of the • Grand Army entertain
ment fund. The 'affair will be skillfully
managed and promises to \ be the best
athletic carnival ever. glven-by the club.
The evening's entertainment will con
sist of boxing, wrestling and many other
athletic exhibitions. Besides these there
will be a grand musical and vocal'con
cert that will be well worth the price of
admission. • ¦ ¦
It was a distinguished assemblage
which sat down to the banquet {able in
the maple room. G. Calegarls was to
play the part of toastmaster, when the
unfortunate retirement of the Embassa
dor caused all formality, to be done away
with. Mayor Schmitz and General Mac-
Arthur, A. Sbarbaro, Dr. Paola de Vecchi,
Consul General Count Grcmani and thirty
other guests were assembled.
The illness of the Erabassador had
given a premonitory evidence of Its ex
istence early In the afternoon when Signor
des Planches had been slightly stricken
with his ailment at a luncheon given to
him by G. Calegaris. When he again
experienced pain from the same cause
last night Dr. de Vecchi advised his im
mediate retirement and Jh.e guest of the
evening reluctantly obeyed.
After Des Planches had left the table
the banquet was continued with all for
malities thrown aside. At its conclusion
night to do honor to their distin
guished guest, Signor Mayor des Plan
ches, the Italian Embassador, a sharp at
tack of bronchial trouble caused the
guest of the evening to make his apolo
gies and retire before the festivities of
the evening had been long under way.
Though not at all of a serious character,
the illness of the guest of honor was for
a time so poignant as to prevent his en
joyment of the evening and render his
early retirement obligatory".
TO the great disappointment of the %
loyal members of the local Italian
colony who had assembled at the
banouet board at ¦''the Palace last
Branches of Woman's Auxil
iary,, Plan. a Notable
Reception.
Signor des Planches Is Forced to Disappoint Representative
Members of Local Colony Who Had Gathered at the
Palace Hotel to Honor Their Distinguished Countryman
Make Final Arrange
ments for Grand
Army Benefit.
French Citizens Remem
ber Day of Deliver
ance From Tyrrany.
Celebrate at Chutes With
Song, Stirring Speech
and a Ball.
The one hundred and tenth anniversary
of the Fall of the BaeUle was celebrated
yesterday at the Chutes by a great and
enthusiastic gathering of French citizens
of San Francisco. The flags of France
and the United States fluttered gaily la
the breezes and good-fellowship, patriot
ism, song and speech were in accord.
It was a spirited, merry crowd that
hummed the soulful "Marseillaise" In a
livelier measure than is usual under pro
found circumstances and occasions where
the majesty of the music Is perhaps of
elgnincant moment.
The proce<?<lings were announced to be
gin at 2 o'clock In the afternoon, and
punctually on the hour the national air of
France was given In rousing spirit by the
band, and all present Joined In one great
voice.
Then carhe the occasion when the presi
dent of the day, P. A. Bergerot, was to
rpeak to the vast assemblage on the im
port of the day it had met to honor and
celebrate and further strengthen In their
hearts end minds. He told of the tri
umph won by the citizens of France vrhen
they, on the 14th day of July, 1793. stormed
tie Bastile and set a.t liberty those who
within its gloomy walls had suffered men
tal anguish and torture. The speaker gave
forth words of wisdom and sentiments
brimful of stirring enthusiasm, and
aroused Ms hearers to cheers when allud
ing to what the people of France did on
the memcr&b'e day, which they were
called together to honor. In the cause of
liberty, equality and fraternity.
SJNO NATIONAL AIRS.
Then came M. A- Roncovieri with a
trombone solo and Mayor Schmitz with a
speech telling of the sympathy Americans
had with the day they had Joined In cele
brating.
Stephen V. Costello followed with an
address, and then the band played and
the assrmblaire sang "The Star-Spangled
Banner."
Another address was given, this time by
M. A. Lucinchi. and the mass of people
again joined the band In rendering the
••Marseillaise." which was followed by the
delivery of "La Prise de la Bastile," by
M. E. Bournireau.
The rest of the afternoon was taken up
by a performance in the Chutes Theater,
which was Jarjrely attended, and .other
entertainments provided by the manage
ment of the irrounds and the committees.
At dU5k there was a pretty illumination
of the prounfis. also fireworks, which had
been specially desijrrsrd for the occasion.
A little before 10 o'clock bugles sounded
the hour for the beginning of the grand
ball, which was enjoyed until an early
hour this morning. A
The officers of the French warship Pro
tet attended the celebration and received
a most cordial preeting.
MEN ON COMMITTEES.
The arrangements of the celebration
were in the hands of the following of
ficers and committees:
Honorable pr^eidetit. Henri Dallemagne, Con
sul General of France; president of the day.
P. A. Bergfrot; first vice pn"»ident, V. Gar
<5*-t: sewn<3 vice president. O. Boilo: treasurer.
J. S. Ged>au: secretary. A. B. Rlchet. .
Committee on Cnancrs — V. Gardet, O. Bozio,
A. HuFuenin. A. F. Chamct. J. Auradou.
Press — E. 3. Dupuy, A. Luslnchl, M. Leger.
Invltatim — C. L. P. Marais. J. Dimmer, J.
Eayle. P. Calou. J. Deschamps.
Literary — A. Roncovierl. Ernest Pairnuelo,
A. Gles*. A. L-uislnchi. Dr. G. H. Juilly.
Decorations and Illuminations — R. F. SIls
tron. C. Dumont. H. Cassou. • Grand. A.
Pottet-
MueIc— P. Bouary. E. A. I-Assale. E. J. Pier
ron. A. J. Camoui". J. C&nfiau.
Reception — C. Videcoeq. J. L. Garrlssere, A.
REJOICE OVER
BASTILE'S FALL
OLYMPIANS LEND
A HELPING HAND
BECOMING SUDDENLY ILL, ITALIAN
EMBASSADOR QUITS BANQUET TABLE
THE SAI* FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY--15,' 1903; •
'NEW.TOBK; July 14.— Mrs. Mary B. P.
Plercy, said to have . been one of the
smallest women in the world, is dead. at
Death of a Noted Dwarf.
FON DU LAC. ! WU.. July 14. — A decided
change for the worse was reported In the con
dition . of Archbishop Katzer ' to-day. The
Archbishop is suffering from a complication
of kidney and, liver diseases.
Dr. LI M. Lalb. dentist, has removed his
offices to 560 Sutter street. . •
" The police "of the Mission district are
looking for Thomas Hogue, 20 years old.
who - is said to have tried to set fire to
his mother's house at 530 Alabama street
at 8 o'clock last night. A still alarm was
turned . In . when the fire was discovered
arid the firemen had but little difficulty
In extinguishing the blaze. BJagj
Said to -Have Fired House.
w'hen- you • get a f ountain , pen that suits
your hand. One that writes without any
shaking or coaxing. We have them at
prices from. $100 to $5 00 each. Money
back if not satisfactory. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Fen Troubles Disappear
"On behalf of the Carmen's Union, I
rest my case In chief." said E. J. Uver
j nash/ late yesterday afternoon. He ex
! pected to close his side of the case early
i yesterday- morning and. allow the United
1 Railroads to open Its case, but unforseen
obstacles prevented this programme.
Livernash started In yesterday morning
by presenting the reports of Superintend
! ent of Schools Langdon, which showed
i that the school census for 1901 was 82,173:
} in 1902 it was 82.391, and in 1903. 91.386. The
j purpose of this was not made clear.
1 Llvernash then made a statement in
("reference to his wish to call Patrick Cal
! noun to the stand later. The most sen
i satlonal part of his statement was:
j That In its anxiety to obtain possession of
I San Francisco railway properties for stock
1 and bond speculation during hysterical and
' abnormal conditions of the American atock
' and bond market, the United Railways Invest
i ment Company of San Francisco drove the
i quotations of the stock of the San Francisco
1 railway corporations, whose properties it de-
I sired to acquire, at least *5.00O.0uO beyond the
; quotations ruling Immediately before this
i anxiety for the Immediate possession Influenced
i the stock market
i That Mr. Calhoun and his personal associ
ates have so manipulated the stocks and bonds
affecting the United Railroads as that a brok
erage of not less than $1,000,000 paid to them
selves and their associates In another capa-
I city ha » been virtually capitalized and made
i to yield interest as though tt represented orlg-
I lnal railway value-Interest, that Is, derivable
I from the gross earnings of the United Rail
roads.
Robert F. Gallagher, a shorthand re
porter, who took down the testimony In
the famous Slebe case in 1895, was then
called. He read from his notes the tes
timony of J. L. Willcutt, who was sec
retary of the Market-street Railway at
!' that -time. Willcutt testified that he did
I not think that the Market-street Rail
way was worth $4,000,000 at that time.
Attorney Moore, on behalf of the United
Railroads, objected to this line of testi
mony, as he declared that at the time
Willcutt gave. evidence, the Market-street
Railway was in dire distress. The future
prosperity .of . the road was dependent on
a decision then pending In the State Su
preme Court, and there was also at that
time nn acltatlonby the general public
to have car fares reduced. Moore sug
gested that if the car fares had been re
duced at that time the street car com
pany would have been forced Into Insolv
ency. ;-:; ; ;~'v'?,v : ¦
When Llvernash rested his case yester
day afternoon Moore said that the United
Railroads would be In a position to open
Its. case to-dav. He estimates that he
will close bis case within a week.
CAR COMPANY'S
INNINGS NOW
Reduced 'rates! on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's.' It Montgomery St.*
NEW YORK, July 14.— Justice Glegerlch
in the Supreme Court to-day signed a de
cree of absolute divorce in favor of Edith
E. Bigelow and against Poultney Bigelow.
Divorce for Mrs. Bigelow.
Appraiser John T., Dare reported yester
day to Acting Collector ' Hamilton : that
,the undeclared; goods found in the bag
gage of Captain William W. Harts :. re{
cently were of the value of $657, exclusive
of the four cases found in ihe-hold.ot^the
transport. Thomas. ..The fine of treble the
value will amount to $1971.
Captain Harts' Fine.
The secretary of the Board of Library
Trustees has sent a communication to the
Board of Supervisors requesting, that a
resolution be passed to approve the con
tract for the' building of a branch" li
brary for $43,000, in order to comply, with
the provision of the gift of Andrew Mc-
Creery. - , . ; , .
The Forty-fourth Assembly District
Club of ' the United Republican League
met In "Washington Hall, in Red Men's
"building, last night. : : There were about
.300 present. Matters concerning the com
ing election occupied the principal atten
tion of the meeting. . .
The following were named as an execu
tlve committee: ' ' ¦-
Henry Stern, Richard Ryan, Israel Ellas, E.
A. Strauss. Augustus Johnson, James Carr,
John J. Green, S. J. Robertson, W. M. Jack
son. Richard Adams, Harry Conrad, General
R. H. Warileld. Lin E. Savage, At* Kaskell,,
Aron Crocker, F. Stowell, William St. Armant,
Dan F. Munan. Mel Vogel, William Chamber
lain and W. Z. Tiffany.
The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied • with Murine Eye
Remedy for use by , the firemen j after a
hot, smoky fire, as It so quickly relieves
Eye pain and restores red, sore, inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal ' condition.
Murine, aid£ those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. . •
Forty-Fourth District Republicans.
The petition of Michael Ha Marian of
New York to restrain the' Journeymen
Hcrseshoers' Union, Local No. 25, . from
boycotting his vulcanized rubber horse
shoe pads was argued yesterday before
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty and the matter was taken- under
advisement. • . . ,
Horseshoer s' Boycott Argued.
. The stock of cloaks, suits, skirts, and
waists has been marked down so low at
Kelly & Liebes' great removal sale that
the crowd of ladies continues* to come.
Every day new bargains are offered. This
*week the entire stock of $18, 520 and. $25
suits are selling, at, $10 at 120 Kearny-st.*
Why the Big Crowds at Kelly &
/ Liebes'P
."The company, started to remove pav
ing stones from the south track between
Mission and Howard streets Monday, July
13, and will commence laying rails to-mor
row. The reason" this work was not start
ed before. was on account of nonarrival of
Bome of the material to do the work. This
material has now. arrived and work- will
be pushed to completion, as fast as. pos
sible. Thete is no reason why contractor
should not begin his work of repaying by
the last of this week."
• In reference. to the delay on the part of
the United Railroads in not paving be
tween the rails on Third street, the com
pany Issued the following statement yes
terday: .
United Railroads Explains Why It
Has Been Unable to Finish
. Work on Third Street.
N0N- ARRIVAL OF MATERIAL
IS CAUSE GIVEN FOR DELAY
Dispatches announce brilliant celebra
tions of the national fete throughout the
provinces. \ ' .-
The Parisians and many visitors from
the suburbs and neighboring parts of the
province crowded the boulevards.* which
were gayly adorned with flags,'- the 'Stars
and Stripes mingling in the' decorations.
The Government • and • other " theaters,
which gave free matinees, were densely
crowded. The open air performance in
the square In front of -Victor Hugo's res-:
ldence was well attended, while dancing
was in full swing at many, points in the
streets. It was noticeable that the fete
was accompanied by more popular -en
thusiasm than has been accorded any cel
ebration in recent' years. . •
The streets of Paris to-night were
thronged with merry crowds, dancing to
the music furnished by bands stationed
at most of the crossways. A feature of
these open air balls was the popularity of
the cakewalk. The Government, munic
ipal and many private buildings were
brilliantly illuminated. and great displays
of fireworks were given at ; prominent
points in the city. It was unquestionably
one of the gayest Hths of July v seen for
years. . . - . ,.- \. :
British flags were exceptionally numer
ous in the decorations.- ••- .'
PARIS. July: 14.— The' French national
holiday was • enthusiastically; celebrated
to-day In brilliant weather. ¦ The main
feature was the. review of the /garrUon
of Paris. The troops -assembled at Long
champs at an early. hour, before the heat
became oppressive. At 9 o'clock an ar
tillery salute announced the' arrlval^of
President Loubet,«who- was accompanied
by Premier • Combes* and- other" Cabinet
Ministers and the President of the Senate
and Chamber 'of : Deputies, -whom General
Andre and jLhe military* governor of Paris
and their staff* escorted to the reviewing
stand, Madame .Loubet soon . followed,
and the review' commenced, ending with
the usual distribution of decorations/
A novel incident- of ; the review was the
appearance of Santos-Dumont- in' an air
ship over Longchamps. ' He saluted" the
people with three blasts from the whistle
of his motor and with a salvo of revolver
Ehots. ' .*"¦".-.-
Great Enthusiasm Is Manifested and
Fete Is a Big Success.
GAY PARISIANS CELEBRATE.
Mr. Schwab is still the head of the corpora
tion, although he has .not don* any work to
speak of for nearly a year because of 111 health.
H« has spent much of his time lately abroad,
with a hope that he would 'be benefited physi
cally. Some time ago we appointed W. E.
Cory of Plttsburg, Pa., assistant president of
tho United States , Steel Corporation, but Mr.
Schwab is. still president.
I came to California, for a vacation of two
weeks, .but ' principally to 'visit my daughter.
Mrs. R. C, Campbell. . There Is no business
significance attached to my coming — nothinR In
regard to anything connected with the -United
States Steel Corporation. ¦ I am here for rest
and pleasure and will remain in the vicinity of
San 'Francisco for two weeks, Jvhen I will
start on mj" return Journey.- to ray New York
home. This' is not the 'first time that I have
visited California. I was in San Francisco last
December. ' ¦ ' ';
Asked, as to any prospective changes In
the ¦ officials of the United States Steel
Corporation Judge Gary said:
Judge' E. H. Gary, chairmanrof the ex
ecutive committee of the United < States
Steel Corporation and one of the most
prominent officials connected with ' that
vast business enterprise, arrived here yes
terday, from New York, his homo. city,
coming by . way of Chicago, where he
stopped • over a few days. After spend
ing part, of the day In this city, Judge
Gary went to the home of his son-in-law.
Attorney R. C. Campbell of the firm of
Campbell," Metson & Campoell, who re
sides i at 1611' Central avenue, ; Alameda.
When interviewed . there last evening
Judge Gary had this to say of himself and
his trip to the Pacific Coast:
STEEL MAGNATE
VISITS DAUGHTER
Case of Officer William T. Hooper
Is Laid Over Until Friday
Afternoon. '
At the regular meeting of the Police
Commissioners last night the case of Offi
cer William T. Hooper, charged by C. B.
Holftrook, secretary of the Society of Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, with falsi
fying his books and attending the races,
was postponed until Friday at 2 p. m. At
torney Martin Stevens represented Hol
brook and stated^ that ho had twelve Wit
nesses to nut on the stand. Attorney
Jackson, representing Hooper, stated
that he also had twelve witnesses.
The case of Officer August G. Hostctter,
who was summoned to appear befoce the
Police Commissioners for failing to keep
persona outside the fire lines on July 4.
was continued for a week. Hostetter
pleaded not guilty. 1
,W. F. Cannon was appointed a regular
police officer.
a toast to the speedy recovery of the
distinguished Italian was .drunk.
If Des Planches' health will permit of
it he will take one of the trips to-morrow
which have been arranged for him into
the country. He has planned to visit
Stockton and the Italian colony at Black
Diamond. On Saturday the local Italian
colony will tender him a reception at
Washington Hall.
POLICE C02OIISSI0NEKS
HOLD BEGULAR MEETING
J. Camous, A. A. Glarner. B. Delames.
Order — E. Glraud, B. Jelagrne*. *-^- Dumont.
J. A. Moucbou. : - ¦ - . . -
Ball— A. A. Glarner, E. J. Pierrcn. E.- A.
Lassale, E. J. Dupuy. J. Garrlssere, A. J.
Camous. B. -Delag-nes. • • •
Dance— Director. Emiie • J. Plerron: Sous
director Achille Cotnpagnon; assistants. Andre
Lassale. Jules Godart, J. L. Mesple. B. Mon
cla. K. Balasna, E. Soulages. L. Flseac. P.
Arrlpe. J. Sa\-lgnac.J. Dutar George H. Royer.
G. Bordenave. J. - P. Bauchou, L. Dutolt. . I*
Lherault. Victor Arnaud. Julrs Poujade. C. S.
Lahanler. Jean Lalanne Jr.. Jean Bauchou, P.
Batcabe. Georges Proust, Francis Balma.-.
The French wai-ship Protet and all the
French merchantmen • in -port were deco
rated yesterday In honor of the Fall of the
Bastile. The United • States cruiser Wyo
ming, as an act of courtesy to the visiting
war vessel, was also gayly dressed in, full
Fourth of July regalia and at noon Joined
with the Protet In firing a salute to 'the
French flag. The -crews of the French
merchantmen were given a holiday, and
each sailor was supplied. with $1 as am
munition for a celebration ashore.
MAYOR DES PKA.NCHES ITALIAN EMBASSADOR TO THE UNITED STATES, WHO IS VISITING SAN FRAN
CISCO. AND SCENE AT THE BANQUET TENDERED HIM IN THE MAPLE ROOM OF THE PALACE LAST
NIGHT BY RESIDENT NATIVES OF KING VICTOR EMMANUEL'S REALM. . , V
14
We Call Particular Attention
to the Following 'lines of |
S • Goods Which WiU Be # on p.
SPECIAL SALE
Monday, July 13, and Following Days:
3 Cases extra Heavo BLEACHED BATH TOWELS}
riemmad, rea lu for use; size 22x48 lncliss.
Price S2.40 Dozen
150 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS;
full dinner size, In about twelve different designs.
Price S2.OO Dozen
1:' /• '¦ • Good value for S2.50.
2 Cases WHITE SATIN MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS}
fullsiz3 for double beds. In Yeru Handsome designs.
, Price S2.OO Each
> 250 Pairs LACE CURTAINS ln.Arablan, Wnlte and
Ecru. Tbese are in new and excluslire designs.
Price $3.00 Pair
50 PalPS WHITE • GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS,
(sllghtlu imperfect). Tnese BlanKets are extra size
and weight.
Price $4.00 Pair
Regular value $6.00.
3 Cases 36-lncn WHITE FIGURED CURTAIN MUS-
LIN. In. about 25 different patterns, Including Dots,
Small Figures and Stripes.
Price lOc Yard:
; Formerlu sold for I2#c and 15c.
. - * . »
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Summer
Girls
For Every Irritation of
the Skin and Scalp Is
' The world's favorite Skin Soap is
Cuticura, assisted by Cuticura Oint-
ment, for preserving, purifying and
beautifying the skin, for irritations,
rashes, eczemas, itchings and chaf-
ings, for cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping
of falling hair, for softening, whiten-
ing^and soothing red, rough and
sore- hands, for sanative, antiseptic
cleansing, as well as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath and nursery.
! "old throorbmrtth* »orl<L Ccticor» Sctp. Sic. Oiat-
fMBt, «t, tteaol**Et, AOc. (In fonn of Cfeoeol*tc Co-, it*
riJi, tic per rial of 60). D*poU i Lcndom. TT Charter-
ioa«r tq. i PtrU.S Kae de U F«iz i Bortoa. IW Colons
ttm At*. Toner Drax »o<l Ch»m. C 6t> . boi» rroprieton.
.•waaadler " Cuticnn ttlx. Eo-k."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Our Customers and Friends:
Fire in our repository at Market
and Tenth streets the morning: of
July S destroyed a portion of our
stock of vehicles. The main part
of our merchandise, however, is
stored In our warehouse at Fifth,
and King streets and is uninjured.
All orders will be filled with usual
promptness and business will be con-
ducted the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops in the new.buildin*
on Tenth street are not injured and
our manufacturing and repairing
are being promptly attended to.
For the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1325 Market
street, between Ninth a«id Tenth
streets. Telephone Private Ex-
chansre 634.
We thank our friends for the pat-
ronage given us heretofore and re-
spectfully solicit a continuance of
the same.
STUDBBAKRR
Tteos. Company
HO. 13S5 MABKET STSEIT.
1 V'jpj"^/ Simple I
W gance |
£ Th« urjr deslfna In "T and V \
construction for tb« pr»stat season K
i are pnouliarlv attractive. Tin-top 3 '
4 d«ak No. IOCS, hers shown. Is a *
K iplendld iiamplt or solid and t«ao. s
' tiful cabinet work. Ita prlc* Is s
J it
I 533.00 ;
eji Pl»as« remember that w» h*r» ;
P upon our nlea floor* 73 dl3*r«nt >
% style* of desks, ranging all t&* way !
j 1 from $13 to $200. Including - roll- "
) topa. flat-top*, typewriter desks, '
i cashiers' and bookkeeper*' deaks. )
- Surely you can find something her* '
Z exactly suited ta your need*. '
| Tamzxan ft Erb« Mf g. Co. \
y 635-639 Xlstfcm 8fc \
£ Phon* Main 1790. '
|S^?iM^^^^»S^iSrS*«uSx^l^1
DR.P1ERCES
GOLDEN
' MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
Ba.OOP,B.IVER.tflJMGS.
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
1 Factory 620 Howard St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
Adjoining Call Bulldinff. M
Let Us Shoe Your Boys and Girls 1
Vacation is about over and that H
signifies that the boys and girls ¦•
have worn out their shoes and that H I
new ones must be bought for H i
school, which opens next Monday. H |
Now. why not let us shoe your H
boys and girls, for we pay special n
attention to their footwear? We el j
carry In stock lines of shoes that fc{ j
are guaranteed for service, AND H j
BESIDES YOU SAVE MONEY, as B
we sell our shoes from 25c to 50c a H
pair cheaper than any firm In this ¦
city. Special for school— Boys', S
youths' and little gents' satin calf 1
lace shoes, with coin toes and tips, H
DOUBLE BOLES, STUDDED H I
WITH CIRCLETS and union HI
stamped. Widths D and E— D
Little Gents, sizes 0 to 13 hi. spring ¦ U
heels $1.15 H
Youths, sizes 11 to 2 (heels) fl.25 H
Boys, sizes '2\t, to 5<4 (heels). .91.50 Q
SCHOOL OPENS MONDAY I
I GIRLS' SCHOOL SHOES I
* Stout 'wearing - shoes : for misses |
and children that flt well and com- y
bine style and service.* Misses and li
children's vlci kid or: velour calf S
lace shoes, with coin toes and tips, I
durable soles and spring heels, all I
union stamped. .Widths C, D and I
Child's. 'sizes 8^ to 11 fl.OO I
Misses, sizes 11 V, to 2. ..*1.*5 I
Country - Orders Solicited. • . 1
I B, KATSCHINSKI |
I -Philadelphia SHoc Co* • B
I - 10 TKZKS ST., ' ' ' k San Tr asciico. ; I