Sunday Call Literary SectionThis mixture of many and strange ele
ments Is never at rest. Its* units wait ex
pectantly, chat, drink, eat or stroll with
varying airs through reception-room, cor
ridor and office. It is an endless function,
attended by all of Broadway,' with enter
tainment diversely contrived for , every
taste by a catholic-minded host with »¦
The HJghtower Hotel is by many ob
servers held to be an instructive micro
cosm of New York, more especially of up
per Broadway, with correct proportions
o( the native and the visiting provincial.
With correct proportions, again, of the
money-making native and the money
spending native, malo and female. A
splendid place ia this New York; splendid,
but terrible. London for the stranger has
a steady-going." hearty hospitality. Paris
on short not.ee will be cczily and roax-
Ingly intimate.. New York is never eliaer.
It overwhelms* with Its lavish display of
wealth. It stuns with its tireless, batter
ing energy. But it stays always aloof.
Indifferent .If it be loved or hated; ff it
crush cir.sustain.
The ground floor of the Hightower Ho
tel reproduces. this magnificent, brutal in
difference. One might live years In its
mile or so of stately corridors and its acre
or so of rt splendent cafes, parlors, recep
tion rooms and restaurants, elbowed- by
thousands, suffocated by that dense
'air of human crowdedriess, that
miasma of brain emanations, and still
remain in sp'.tndid isolation, as had he
worn the magic ring of Gyges. Here U
evefV species -of visitor— the money-bur
dened who "stop" here and cultivate an
air of being blase to the wealth of pol
ished splendors; arid the less opulent, who
"stop" cheaply elsewhere and venture in
to tread the corridors timidly, to stare
with honest; drooplng-jawed wonder at
its marvels of architecture and decora
tion," and to gaze with becoming reverence
at! those persons whom they shrewdly
"conceive to be social celebrities.
DR. VON HERZLICH EXPOUNDS THE
HIGHTOWER HOTEL AND CER
TAIN ALLIED PHENOMENA.
CHAPTER XX
"That Scotch whisky la good In some
of the lesser emergencies." remarked F'er
ctval, turning to her; "but It has Us lim
itations. Let's you and me tr.Ue with a
nico cold quart of champagne!"
"Oh!" from Mrs. Aktmit. again In an ec
stasy, "he's playing that heavenly stuff
from the second act of 'Tristan and
Isolde'— the one triumphant, perfect love
poem of all music."
"Miss Milbrey has stayed by the organ
ist," sa.d one; "and she's promised ,to
make him play one r.iore. Isn't ha di
vine?"
The music came again. 4
"I beg pardon!"
"There have been rumors lots of times
that he was going to be unmarried, but
they always seem to adjust their little"
difficulties. He and his wife are now stay-
Ing over at the Bloynes."
"Oh! I see," answered Percival; "you're
a jester, Mrs. Drelmer."
"Ristlne," observed the theosophic Wil
berforce, In the manner of a hired oracle,
"is, in his present incarnation, imperfect
ly monogamous."
Some people came In from the music
room.
"He's Improvising." exclaimed Mrs.
Akemlt. "How splendid! He teems to be
breathing a paean of triumph, some
high, exalted spiritual triumph, as If his
soul had risen above us— how precious!"
When the deep swell had subsided to sil
very rlpUs and the last cadence had
fainted, she looked at Percival with mois
tened parted lips and eyes half-shielded,
as If her full gaze would betray too much
of her quivering soul.
Then Percival heard the turquolsed bru
nette say: "What a pity his wife is such
an unsympathetic creature!"
"But Mr. Kistine is unmarried, is he
not?" he asked, quickly.
There was a little laugh from Mrs.
Drelmer.
"Not yet— not that I've heard «f."
"The pen have to be brave." she an
swered, shortly, with a glance at little
Mrs. Akemlt, who had permitted Percival
to seat her at his side, and was now
pleading with him to agree that simple
ways of 'life are requisite to the needed
measure of spirituality.
Then came strains of music from the
rich- toned organ.
"Oh, that dear Ned Rlstine is playing,
cried one. and several of the group saun
tered toward the music-room.-
The music flooded the hall and J the
room, so that the talk died low. -
Trembling on the verge Qf laughing
speech., something held him back, some
unexplalnable Instinct, making itself
known In a thrill that went from his, feet
to his head: he could feel the roots of
his hair tingle. The'' newcomer went
quickly, with catlike tread, toward the
girl. Fascinated he stood, wanting to
speak, to laugh, yet poweriess from the
very swiftness of what followed.
,In the mirror under the candle light he
mw the man's dark face come beside the
other heard a little cry from the g'.rl as
*he half turned: then he saw the man
take her in his arms, saw h«»r head fall
on to his shoulder, and her face turn to
his kiss. -
He tried to stop breathing, fearful of
discovery, graspir.g with one hand the
heavy fold of the curtain back of him to
steady hlmse'.f.
Thrre was the «nnce of two lonsr. tremD
l'ng breaths: then he heard her say, in a
low, tense voice, as she drew away:
"Oh. you are my bad angel— why?—
why?"
Rhe fled toward th* door to th* vnn.
"Don't come this way." she called back.
In quick low ton'os of caution. , ,
The man turned toward th» door whore
Perolval stood, and In the darkness stum
bled over a hassock. Instantly Perc.ival
was on the othe r side of the portiere, and.
before the other had groped his way to
the dark corner where the door was. had
recroseed the empty parlor and was safeiy
°H* made' his way to the dining-room,
where supper was under way. _
"Mr. Bines has seen a ghost, said tne
sharp-eyed Mrs. Drelmer.
"Poor chap's only starved to death,
said Mrs. Gwilt-Athelsun. "Eat^ome
thlng. Mr. Bines; this supper Is go-as
you-please. Nobody's to wait for any-
Strung loosely about the big table a
dozen people were eating hot scones ana
1-annocks with clotted cream and marma
lac> and drinking mulled cider.
"And there's cold fowl and baked beans
and doughnuts and all. for those who
ran't fat with a Scotch accent." said the
host, cheerfully
Percival dropped Into one of the chairs.
"I'm Scotch enough to want a Scotch
highball"
"And you're "getting It so high Its top
hi a vy." cautioned Mrs. Drelmer.
Above the clatter of the table could be
heard the voices of men and the musical
laughter of women from the other rooms.
"I simply can't get 'em together."' said
the hostess.
"It's Ttlce to have 'em all over the
p'aee." said her husband, "fair women
and brave men. you know."
group in the dining-room. Presently he
saw her take a lighted candle from one
of the laughing girls and go toward the
library. - ".:
HIs heart-beats quickened. Now she
should know his love and It would be
well. He;walked down the hall leisurely,
turned into tha big parlor, momentarily
deserted, walked quickly but softly over
Its polished floor to a door that gave Into
the library, pushed the heavy portiere
aside and stepped noiselessly In. .
The large room was lighted dimly by
two Immense yellow 'pumpkins, their sides
cut Into faces of grinning grotesqueness.
At the far side of the room Miss Mllbrey
had that instant arrived before an antique
oval mirror whose gilded carvings reflect
ed the light of the candle. She held It
above her head with one rounded arm.
He stood In deep shadow and the girl had
been too absorbed in the play to note his
coming. He took one noiseless step to
ward her. but then through the curtained
doorway bv which she had come he saw
a man enter swiftly and furtively. .'
"Our young friend Bines Is a specimen.
It is as If he were a child, havins? received
from another a laboratory full of tha '
most beautiful Instruments of science.
They are valuable, but he can do but com
mon things with them because he knows
not their possibilities. Or, we may call
It stored energy he has; for such U
money, the finest, subtlest, most potent
form of stored energy; It mayV
command the highest fruits of
genius, the lowest fruits of ani-
"For wolf and lamb I direct your atten
tion to the # group at yonder table. I no
tice that you greeted the young man aa
he entered— a common friend to us then-
Mr. Bines, with financial resources In
credibly unlimited? Also he is pos
sessed of an unexperienced freedom
from suspeetedness-of-ulterior-motlves-ln
others^ — one may not in English as In Ger
man make the wo:d to fit his need of the
momrnt- that un5uspectedness, I repeat,
which has ever characterized the lamb
about to be converted into nutrition. You
note the large. loose gentleman with
widebrimmed hat and beard after my
own. somewhat, yes? He would dispose
of some valuable oil wells which he shall
discover at Texas the. moment he shall
have sufficiently disposed of them. A
wolf he is. yes? The more correctly at
tired person at his right, with the beak
of >t hawk. and lips so thin that hist big
white teeth cteam through them when
they are yet shut, he Is what he calls
hfmself a promoter. He has made sundry
efforts to promote myself. I conclude
'promoter* is one other fashion of wolf
saying. The yet littler and yet younger
man at his left of our friend, the one of
soft voice and Insinuating manner, much
resembling- a stray scion of aristocracy,
discloses to those with whom he affably
acquaints himself the location of a luxu
rious gaming house not far off; he will
even consent to accompany one to Us
tables; and still yet he has but yesterday
evening Invited me the all-town to see.
"As a scientist. 1 remind you. I permit
myself no prejudices. I observe the
workings of unemotional law and some
ttoes record them. You have a sayin?
here that there are three generations be
tween shirt sleeves and shirt sleeve3. I
observe the process of the progress. It
Is benign as are all processes. I have
lately observed It In England. There, by
their law of entail, the same process is
unswifter— yet does It unvary. The poor
aristocrats, almost back to shirt sleeves,
with their taxes and entailed lands, seek
for the money in shops of dress and bon
net-and ale, and graciously rent their
castles to the but-newly-opulent In Amer
ican oil or the d'amonds of South Africa.
Here the posterity of your Mynherr.
Knickerbocker do likewise. The ancestor
they boast was a toller, a market garden
er, "a fur trader, a boatman, hard work
ing, simple- wayed. unspendmg". The wo
man ancestor kitchen-gardened, spun.
wove, and nourished the poultry. Their
descendants upon the savings of these la
bors have forgotten how to labor them
selves. They could rot yet produce should
they even relinquish the illusion that to
produce is of a baseness, that only to
consume Is noble. I gather reports that
a few retain enough of the ancient strain
to become sturdy tradesmen and garden
ers once more. Others seek out and as
similate this new-richness, which. In Its
turn, will become impoverished and help
less. Ah, what beautiful showing of Evo
lution! . '
"See Ihe pendulum swinpr from use
ful penury to useless opulence. Why
does It not halt midway, you inquire?
Because the race is so young. Ach!
a mere 240.000.000 years from our grand
father-grandmother amoeba in the an
cestral morass! . "What can one be. ex
pecting? Certain faculties develop in re
sponse to the pressure of environment.
Omit the Dressure and the faculties no
longer ensue. Yes? Withdraw the pres
sure and the faculties decay. Sightless
moles, their environment demands not
sight; nor of the fishes that Inhabit the
streams of your Mammoth Cave. Your
aristocrats between the sleeve-of : the-shirt
periods likewise degenerate. There Is no
need to work. th£y lose the power. No
need to sustain themselves, they become
helpless. They are as animals grown in
an environment that demands no strug
gle of them. Yet their environment is
artificial. They live on stored energy,
stored by another. It is exhausted, they
perish. All but the few that can modify
to. correspond with the changed environ
ment, as when your social celebrities ven
ture Into trade, and the also few that In
their life of Idleness have acquired graces
of person and manner to let them flnd
pleasure In the eyes of marryers among
the but-now-rlch." v
The learned doctor submitted to hav^
his glass refilled from the cooler at his
side, dropped another olive into the wine,
and resumedrbefore Oidaker could manage
an escape.
"And how long, you ask. shall the cos
mic pendulum swing between these ex
tremes of penurious Industry and opulent
Idleness?"
Oidaker had not asked it. But he tried
politely to appear as if he had meant to.
He had really meant to as* the doctor
what time It was and then pretend to re
call an engagement for which he wou!U
be already, late.
"It will *o continue." the doctor placid
ly resumed, "until the race achieves a
different Ideal. Now you will say. but
there can be no ideal so long as there is
no Imagination: and as I have directly— a
moment soon— said, the race la too young
to have achieved Imagination. The high
est felicity which we are yet able to Im
agine Id a felicity based upon much
money: our highest pleasures the material
pleasures which money buys, yes? We
strive for It. developing the money-get
tlrg faculty at the expense of all others;
and when the money Is obtained we can
not enjoy it. We can Imagine to do with
It only delicate eating and drinking and
dressing for show to others and building
houses immense and splendidly uncalcu
lated for homes of rational dwelling. Art,
science, music, literature, sociology, the
great study and play of our humanity,
they are shut to us.
This explosion of th«» doctor's meant
that he invited and awaited some contra
diction. As none ensued, he went on:
sincere desire to please the paying public.
"Isn't it a huge bear-garden, though?"
asks Launton Oidaker of . the estimable
Dr. von Herzlich. after the two had ob
served the scene in silence for a time.
The wise German dropped an olive Into
his Rhine wine and gazed reflectively
about the room. Men and women sat at
tables drinking. Beyond the tables at tha
farther side of the room other men were
playing billiards. It was 4 o'clock and
the tide was high.
"It !s yet more." answered the doctor.
"In my prolonged studies of natural phe
nomena this Is the most valuable of all
which I have been privileged to observe."
He calWl them "bif.Uetched" and
"awbsalrf" with great nicety. Perhaps
his discernment was less at fault.
"Having." continued the doctor, "grant
ed myself some respite from toll In the
laboratory at Marburg. I chose to pleaa
ure voyage, to study yet more the social
conditions In this loveworthy land. I sus
pected that much tiredness of travel
would be involved. Yet here I find all
conditions whatsoever— here In that which
you denominate 'bear-garden.' They have
been reduced here for my edification, yes?
But your term Is a term of Inadequate
comprehensiveness. It J3 to me more
what you call a 'beast-garden.' to Include
a!l species of fauna. Are there not 'here
rroths> and human flames? Are there not
cunning serpents crawling with apples of
knowledge to unreluctant. Id'.lng Eves,
yes? Do we not hear the amazing con
verse of parrots, and note the peafowl
negotiating admiration from observers?
Mark at that yet farther table also tho
swine and the song bird; again, mark our
draught horses who have achieved a com
petence, yes? You note also the presenco
o{ wolves and lambs. And, endly. mark
our tailed arborean ancestors, trained to
the wearlpg of garments and a single
eyeglass. May I ask. have you bestowed
upon this diversity your completest high
attention? Hah!"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
."You- wonderful man!"' frwm Mrs. Ake- x
mlt; "1 fairly tremble when I think of all
you* know.' Oh; what", a» delight science
must be to her votaries!'- -.: ? .
The -Angsttad ; twiii^ Joined the group,
attracted byMrs.VAitfrnit'sMnquIry of th«
bavant-if hedid not consider civilization
A -.failure. \"Trie itwlns did. They . consid
ered'civilization a- failure because it was
killing- off all the. big game. There was
norie to 'speak of left now except in Af
rica, and they were pessimistic about
Africa., ,.-: :^.. . .. T ...,., ; . ¦ ¦ - --
;. Percival ¦ listened .absently./ to. the talk
und watched. Miss Milbrey, now one of the
The Hallowe'en frolic was on. Through
the long hall, lighted to pleasant dusk by
r*?al Jack-o' -lanterns, stray couples
strolled, with subduid murmurs and soft
laughter. In. the big white and gold par
lor, In the dining-room, billiard-room, and
in tha .tropic junglcof the immense palm
garden the party had bestowed itself in
congenial groups, ever intersecting and
forming anew. Little flutters "of high
laughter now and then told of tests that
were being made with roasting chestnuts,
apple parings, tha , white of ' an egg
dropped into water, or the lighted candle
before an oDen window. V . y:
P«:rclval watched for the" chance to find
MIeh Milbrty alone! ¦ His sister had just
ventured alone with a candle into the
library to study thg face of her future
husband in a mirror. The result had been,
inn.:s?nse, : unratisTactory: :'She had be
held : looklng ; over her shoulder the faces*
of Mauburn, Fred Milbrey arid the,Ang
stead twins,~and:had declared herself un
nerved ', by ' the we^rd "prophecy. ::
,- Before? Ihe -fire in ' the , hall Percival
stood, .while- Mrs. Akemlt reclined pictur
esquely* -near - by,'- and Dr. von Herzlich
explained; with excessive care as to his
enunciation, that. protoplasm can be ana
lyzed,^but cannot be reconstructed, fol
lowing this wltlr his own vltw. as to why
the synthesis does not produce' life.'
Now it is possible that Solomon's 1m
plitd distinction as to the man's way with
a n.a!d was not, after all. so ill advised.
tor young Ulnes. after dinner, fell in
love with Miss MUbrcy all-over a«ain.
The normal human- mind going to one ex
titrr.e wlli inevitably gravitate to Its op
pus'.te if cHen time. Having put her
avsay In the conviction that phu was
heait tss and rne.cmary— raUng fasted in
the insert of doubt— he now found hlm
s>elt detecting in her an unmistakable ap
peal for sympathy, for human kindness,
perhaps for love. He forgot the words of
Hlgbee.'iind became again the" confident,
unquestioning lyver. He noted her rather
subdutd and reserved demeanor and the
suggestions of weariness about her eyes.
They drew him. He resolved at once to
seek her arid give his love freedom to tell
itself. He would no lotfger meanly re
strain it. He would even tell her all his
distrust. Now that they had pone she
should know every ignoble suspicion; and,
whether she cared for him "or not, she
would comfort him for the hurt they had
been to him.
vt>urprises never come singly." she re
tunuu. and Percival noted a. curious lit
tle air of der.ance in her glance and man
ner. '¦' . -¦•'¦*.
"I've run over from Bloynes to dine and
do Hallowe'en with you," he answered,
flashing his dark eyes quickly over Per
tixal,and again Uantlns the girl with
thVm.
•. "Yet 1 am certain . .he loves me. '
thought fche. On tht 'other hand, you' r h Is
often g.fted with a credulity divine und
ur.erriiig.
At the door as, they came up the road
way a trap was depositing a man whom
M ** Miluiey greeied with evident, sur
prise and some, restraint. '•' He was sl'ght,
dark and qu cic of movement, with tlnely
cut nostrils that expanded and qulver«d
nervously H'.te those of a high-bred horse
in t ght check.
Miss Milbiey Introduced him to Percival
as Mi. K.stlnt.
"I didn't know you were hereabouts,"
she tuid. ' . '..•: .';. :
now that neither had been itisenusus.
¦ "8he would love the nunay and day
me for a fojl." he thought., under the
surface talk. Youth is. prune to endow its
op ntons w.th all the dignity of certain
knowledge. .'*.'•
•Miss Milbrey had put herself bravely n,
the path of destiny. Destiny had turned
aside. She had 'turned to meet It, ami
now it: frankly, fled. Destiny, as she had
construed Itv was turned a' fugitive, ¦„ She
was bruised, puzzled,: and not a . little
piqued. During the walk back, when this
much had been made clear, the silence
was : {ntolerablyj^oppressive.',* Without
knowing -why, they understood perfectly
Sometimes her companion was voluble;
again he was taciturn— and through it all
he wag doggedly aloof.
But through all this wal'ing. Inciting
silence Miss. Milbrey listened In vain .'or
the words she had felt so certain would
come.
In this stillness their voices instinct've
ly. lowered, while, their eyes did homutfa
to the wondrous play of color about them.
Over a yielding brown carpet they went
among maple and chestnut and oak, with
their bewildering changes ' through crim
son,, russet and amber to pale yellow; un
der the deep-stained leaves of ihe sweet
gum they' went, and past tho dogwo )d
with scarlet berries gemming the cluster
of its dim red leaves.
Outside the grounds thty turned down
a bridle path that led off through the
woods— off through the golden sun-wine
of an October day. The air bore" a clean
autumn spice, and a faint salty Bes.1t
blended with it from the distant Sju.i 1.
The autumn silence, which is the onl"
perfect silence In all the world, was res'
fu.1, yet full of significance. suggcsMo'.i,
provocation. From the spongy lowland
back of them came the pleading sweet
ness of a meadow lark's cry. Nearer th^y
could even hear an occasional leaf flutter
and waver. down. . The quick thud of a
falling nut was almost loud enough to
cam Its echo. Now and then they saw a
lightning flash of vivid turquoise and
heard a jay's harsh scream.
Her glano? was frank, friendly and >cn
couragirg. Her deep eyes wen as clear
as a trout brook. He thought he saw in
them once almost a tenderness for him.
She thought. "He dots love me!".
ran to suspect that, while he could write
unreservedly, he might be shy and re
luctant of speech; and that shyness now
dtterred him. Eo much being clear, she
ceiormlrtd lo force the issue and end the
strain for both.
. Percival had shown not a little interest
in pretty' Mrs. Akemlt, ar:d was now talk
ing with that fascirating creature as she
lolled on a low seat befoie thf rite In her
lacy blue house gown. At the moment
she was a(*ro:t T y pel-Ing one' foot and
then the otrjer before the warmth of the
grate. It may be disclosed without dam
ezi to this t&!e thnt the feet" of- Mrs.
Ai •imit r weio iiVit coid; bin that they were
trifles most daintily .shod, and, as her
s'endt r silken unkUs curved them toward
the blare from her froth of a petticoal,
they were worth hjoklris at.
1.1*8 Mllbny disunited the chatting
couple with 'swiftness ar.d ap!o:nb.
•¦Come, Mt. Blnva, If I'm 10 lake that
tramp you made me promise you. li'».
time we were off."
"Outside she laughed de iclously. "You
know you did make me promise It •men
tally, because 1 knew you'd want to come
and want mt to come, but 1 was afraid
Mrs. Akemlt mightn't understand about
telepathy, so I pretended we'd arranged it
all in worcs."
"Of co'uise! Great jo' - c. wisn't it?" as
sented the yourg man ra,h<r awkward y.
Down the broad swe< p of roadway, run
ning between its granite taping, •• they
strode at a smart pace.
"You know you comp imentctl my wn'k
ing powers on that other wa.k we took,
away off there where the sun sops aown."
"Yes. of course." he repl ed absjnfy.
"Now. he's beginning," she said to her
self, roting his absent and soaiewnat e;n
biirrassid manner.
In reality he was thinking how few
were the days ago he wou d have held
this the dearest of all privileges, and
how strange that he should now prize it
bo lightly, almost 'prefer, indeed, not to
have it; that he shou d regard her. of all
women, "the fa'rest of all Mesh on
earth," with nervous distrust.
Sl!e was dressed in tan corduroy: ela
tion wa3 in her face; her wa!=t, as she
sapped, showed supple as a willow; her
suede-gloved little hands were compact
and tempting to grasp. Mis senses
bieathcd the air of her perfect ana com
pelling femininity. But sharper than
all these Impressions rang the
words of the ¦.worldly - wise Illgbee:
"She's hunting night and day for a
rich husband; the tr.es for them as fast
aa they come: she'd laiher marry a sub
treasury—she'd marry me In a minute
she'd marry you; but If ycu were broku
she'd have about as much use for
you "
During the hour of dressing sacque and
slippers, while maids fluttered through
the long corridors on halr-tendlng and
drcps-hooking expeditions. Mrs. Drelmer
favored her hostess with a confidential
chat in that lady's boudoir, and over
Scotch and soda and a cigarette suggest
ed that Mr. Mauburn, in a house where
he could really dons he p!eased, would
assuredly take Miss Bines out to dinner.
The brtezy hostess now took pains to
Impress upon all that only by doing ex
actly as they pleased as to going and
coming could they hope to please her.
Had ehe not by this policy conquered the
cold Scottish exclusiveness of Inverness
ehlre. so that the right sort of people
fought to be at her. house parties during
the shooting, even though she would per
sist In traveling back and forth to Lon
don In gowns that would be conspicuous
ly elaborate at an afternoon reception,
and even though, in any condition of dress,
the never left quite enough of her jewels
in thoir strong-box?
The end of the fairy story was." con
tinued the previous speaker, unheeding.
"and so they were divorced and lived
happily ever after."
"I think she took the Chicago motto,
•Marry early and often,' " said another,
"but here she comes."
And as blond and fluffy little Mrs. Ake
xnlt. a late divorcee, joined the group the
talk ranged back to the flourishing new
hunt at Goshen, the driving over of Tux
edo people for the meet, the nasty acci
dent to Warner Ridgeway when bis blue,
ribbon winner Musette fell upon him In
feUcisg a double jump.
.tin* Milbrey had TaTken stock' of her fel
low guests. Especially was she interested
to note the presence of Mrs. Drelmer and
her protege, Mauburn. It meant, she was
6ure, that her brother's wooing, of Miss
Bines would not be uncontested.
Another load of guests from a later
train bustled in. the Bineses among them,
and there was more tea and fresher gos
eip. while the butler circulated again with
his tray for the trunk keys.
UY ADIEB, ladles— this is degen-
I eratir.g into a mere haxnmer-
I 1 feet." Thus epoke a male wit
J \ who had "listened. "Give over,
and be nice to the absent."
All rlrbU reserved.
Oopjrrtxbt. 1 5O2. by Lothrop Publishing Co.
CHAPTER XIX.
Miss Milbrey, the next morning, faced
with becoming resignation what ehe felt
AN AFTERNOON STROLL. AND AN
EVENING CATASTROPHE.
She had feared he might rush his pro
posal through that night: he had been so
much in earnest. But he had not done so.
and she was glad he could be restrained
and deliberate in that "breedy" sort of
way. It promised well, that he.', could
wait until the morrow.
To herself, when the pink rose came
out of her nalr that night. Miss Milbrey
admitted . that it wasn't going to be so
bad, after all.
It also resulted in Miss Bines seeing no
more of either cavalier that night, since
they abandoned their contest only after
every one but a sleepy butler had retired,
and at a time when it became necessary
for the Englishman to assist the Amer
ican up the stairs, though the latter was
moved to protest, as a matter of cheerful
generality, that he was "aw ri'— entirely
cap'le." At parting he repeatedly urged
Mauburn, with tears in his eyes, to point
out one slnele instance in which he had
ever proved false to a friend.
After dinner there were bridge and mu
sic from the big pipe-organ in the music
room, and billiards and some dancing.
The rival cavaliers of Miss Bines, per
ceiving simultaneously that neither
would have the delicacy to withdraw
from the field, cunningly inveigled each
other Into the billiard-room, where they
watchfully consumed whisky and soda
tegether with the design of making each
other drunk. This resulted in the iwo
nephews, who Invariably hunted as a pair,
capturing Miss Bines to see if she could
talk horse as ably as her .mother, ana,
when they found that she could, planning
a coaching trip for the morrow.
carnation, he came near to having an af
fair with a danseuse; he was expounding
the esoterics of his cult to a high-colored
brunette with many turquoises, who, in
turn, was rather inclined to the horse
talk of one of tha nephews.
Or there were Miss Milbrey and Perci
val Bines, of whom the former had noted
with some surprise that the latter was
studying her with the eye3 . rather cold
calculation, something she had never be
fore detected in him.
y. i* trus, me uiua insiaument or
I **xhe Spenders," by Harry Leon
** Wilson, which has been universally
described as "The Great American
2»ovel," the wonderful ingenuity and
the daring impertinence ¦with which
titled foreigners come a-wooing the
daughters of the rich in America is
illustrated with a fidelity to detail
and a keen tense of humor that is
simply irresistible. Just look on the
original illustration by O'Neil Lath
am, the famous New York artist,
published herewith, and when you
read this installment you will see
how aptly the artist has caught the
spirit of the talented author's clever
work:
That is one of the best features of
The Sunday Call's literary policy. Yen
not only get the very latest novels
by the most famous writers in the
world^Lot you get them quick. There
are no long waits between install
ments and no interminable series of
"Continued in our next" catch lines.
Then in rapid succession will fol
low that thrilling new American
novel, "The Master of Appleby," by
Francis Lynn; "Crittenden," by John
Fox Jr.; "The Two Vanrevels," bv
Booth Tarkington, whose famous
novel, "The Gentleman From In
diana," has just been concluded in
these pages; "The Turnpike House,"
by Fergus Hume, etc., etc.
"Why doesn't he" have -it over?" -she
asked herself, with .some Impatience.
And she delicately gave Percival. not an
opportunity, but opportunities to make an
opportunity, which.' is a vastly different
form of procedure. v
But the luncheon hour came and peo
ple straggled back, and the afternoon
began, and the request for Miss Alilbrey's
heart and hand was still unaccountably
deferred. Nor could she feel any of those
subtle premonitions that usually warn a
woman when the event Is preparing in a
lover's secret' heart.'
Reminding hen-elf of his letters, she be-
"Where are the people?"- inquired Mil
brey, eking out his own moist breakfast
with a cigarette.
"All down and out except, some of the
women. Miss Bines just drove off a four
ir.-hand with the two Angsteads— held the
reins like an old whip, too, by Jove; but
they'll be back for luncheon— and directly
after luncheon she's promised to ride with
me. I fancy we'll have a little prac
tice over the sticks."
"And I fancy I'm going straight back
to 'bed— that is, if it's all right to fancy
a thing you're certain about."
Outside most of the others had scattered
for life in the open, each to his taste.
Some were on the Jinks. Some had gone
with the coach. A few had ridden early
to the meet of the Essex hounds near
Easthampton, where a stiff run was ex
pected. Others had gone to follow the
hunt in traps. A lively group came back
now to read the morning papers by trie
log fire in the big, , cheery hail. Among
these were .Percival and -Miss Milbrey.
When they had dawdled/ over the papers
for. an . hour Miss Aiilbrey. grew slightly,
restive. -"..-/ ah ¦ :• : >
"Life." said Milbrry. as he Inflated his
brandy from the sinhon, "Is an empty
dream this morning."
"Wake up then, old chap!" Mauburn
cordially urged, engaging the game pie In
deadly conflict; "try a rasher; nothing
like It; better'n prggln' it so early. Never
drink till dinner-time, old chap, and
you'll be able to eat In the morning like —
like a blooming baby." And be proceeded
to crown this notion of Infancy's break
fast with a jam tart of majestic propor
tions. : '£y*-£
would be her. last day of entire freedom.
She was down ar.d out philosophically, to
play . nine holes with her host before
breakfast.
Her brother, awakening less happily,
made a series of discoveries regarding his
bodily sensations that causfd him to view
life with disaffection. Noting that the
hour was early, however, he took cheer,'
and sfter a long, strong:, cold drink, which
he rang for. and a pricking i c >* shower,
which he nerved himself to. he was ready
to Ignore his aching head and get the
start of Mauburn.
The Englishman, he seemed to recall,
had drunk even more than he, and. as it
was barely S o'clock, wou'd probably not
come to life for a couple of hours yet.
Up made h'3 way to the breakfast-room.
Tr-<? thought of fcod was not pleasant,
but another brandy and soda, heading vl.
variously in its tali gla«s. would enable
him to watch with fortitude the specta
cle of others who might chance to be
eating. Ara he would have at least two
hours of Mrs Bines before Mauburn's
head should ache him back to conscious
ness.
He opened the floor of the spacious
hreaJtfast-rocm. Through the broad win
dows from the southeast came the glo
rious shine of the morning sun to make
him blink; and srated where It flooded
him as a calcium was Mauburn. respknd
ent In his myriad freckles, trim, alive and
obviously hungry. Around his plate were
mutton, a game pie, egga. bacon,
tarts, toast and sodden-looking marma
lade. Mauburn was eating of these with
a voracity that published his singleness
of mind to all who might observe.
Mlibrty steadied hims-eif with one hand
upon the door p. Ft ard with the other
he sought to crush this monstrous i'lusicn
from his fickle eyes. Hut Mauburn and
the details of his deadly British brca'c
fast became only more distinct. The ap
palled observer groaned and rushed, f r
the sideboard, whence a decant* r. a bowl
of cracked Ice and a siphon beckoned.
Between two gulps of coffee Mauburn
grinned affably.
"Mornin", old chap! Feelln' a bit seedy?
By Jove! I don't wonder. I'm not so fit
n;yseif. 1 fancy, you know. It must have
been that beastly anchovy paste we had
on the biscuits."
MiJbrey's burning eyes beheld him reach
out for another slice of the cold, terrible
mutton.
Or there was pale, thin, ascetic Wlnn'e
Wilberforce. who,, as a theosophist, is un
derstood to believe that, ... a former in-
Or her husband, whose face, when he
settled it in h's collar, made the lines of
a perfect lyre, and of whom it would
presently become inaccurate to say that
he was getting bald. He was insisting
that "too many houses spoil the home."
¦and that, with six establishments, h* was
without a place to lay his head, that is.
¦with any satisfaction.
Mrs. <5wilt-Athclstan was instantly
sympathetic.
"Only I can't take *ide3, you
know, my dear, and young Mtlbrry
will think me shabby If he doesr.'t
have Hist go; but I'll be jmpartial; Mll
brey shall take htr In. and Mauburn «=hall
be at her other side, and may God have
mercy on her soul! These people have e~t
much money. I hear, it amounts to finan
cial embarrassment, but with those two
chaps for the girl, and Avice M'.lbrey fnr
that decent young chao. I fancy they'll
be disembarrassed, in a measure. But I
musn't 'play favorites.' as those slangy
nephews of mine DUt It." '
And 6O it befell at dinner in the tapes
tried dining-room that Psyche Bines re
ceived assiduous attentions from the gen
tlemen whom the considered equally and
superlatively fascinating. While 6he
locked at one she llstfned to the other,
and her neck grew tired with turn'ng. Of
anything, save the talk, her mind was
afterward a blank; but why is not that
the ideal dinner for any but mere feed
ers?
Nor was the dazzled girl conscious of
others at the table— of Florence Ak^mit,
the babyish blond, listening with fever
ish attention to the German savant. Dr.
von Herzlich. who had translated
Goethe's "Iph!genle in Tuns" into Greek
merely as recreation, and who was now
justifying his choice of certain words and
phrases -by citing passages from various
Greek authors; a choice which the.sympa
thetic listener, after discreet intervals for
reflection, invariably commended.
'"Oh, you wonderful, wonderful man.
you!" she exclaimed, resolving to sit by
some one less wonderful another time.
Or there was Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan. like
a motherly Venus rising from a sea of
pink velvet and white- silk lace, asserting
that some one or other would never pet
within sniffing distance of tire Sandring
bam set. >
2
THE SPENDERSOTE FtTNTJAY CALI*
3
mallty; It is also volatile, elusive. Our
young friend has many powerful batteries
of It. But he la no electrician. Some he
w'll happily waste without harm to him
eeif. Much of It. apparently, he will con
vert Into that champagne he now drinks.
For a vyek elnce I had the pleasure of
Ltcomln^ known to him he has drunk It
here each day. copiously. He cannot Im
agine a more salutary mode of exhausting
hie force. I am told he comes of a father
who died at 50 and who did In many ways
like that. This one. at the rate I have
observed, will not last eo long. He will
not fo lor.g correspond with an environ
ment even eo unex&cting as this. And
his son. perhaps his grandson, will be
come what you call broke; will from lack
cf pressure to learn some useful art. and
from spending only, become useless and
liclpless. Fcr besides drink, there is
pambling. He plays what you *ay, the
p:tme of poker, this Bines. You see the
peTiileman, rounded gracefully in front,
who has much the air of seeming to stand
If-hlnd himself— he drinks whisky at my
far right, yes? He Is of a rich trust, the
magnate director as you say, and plays
«t cards nightly with our young friend.
He jested with him In my presence before
you entered, faying. 'I will make you look
like'— I forget now, but his humorous
threat was to reduce our young friend to
the aspect of some inconsiderable sum in
the money of your country. I cannot re
call the precise amount, but It was not
po much as what you call one dollar.
Strang*. is It not. that the rich who have
too much money gamble as feverishly as
the poor who have none, and therefore
have an excuse? And the love of dis
play for display. If one were not a sci
entist one might be tempted to say there
is no progress. The Peruvian grandee
tfcod his mules with pure gold, albeit that
metal makes but inferior shoddlr.g for
Leasts of burden. The London factor}"
girl hires the dyed feathers of the ostrich
to make her bonnet gay; and your money
people are as display loving. Lucullus and
your latest millionaire Joy In the same
emotion of pleasure at making a show.
Ach: we are truly In the race's childhood
yet. The way of evolution Is so unfast,
yes? Ah! you will go now, Mr. Oldaker.
I shall hope to enjoy you more again.
Your observations have Interested me
deeply; they shall have my most high at
tention. Another tiine you shall discuss
with me how It mult be that the cosmic
rrocess shall produce a happy mean be
tween stoic and epicure, by learning the
valuable arts of compromise, yes? How
Zeno with his bread and dates shaJl learn
not to despise a few luxuries, and Vitel
lius shall learn that the mind may some
times feast to advantage while the body
fasts."
Through the marbled corridors and re
frul parlors, down the long perspective of
Persian rugs and onyx pillars, the func
tion raced.
The group at Percival's table broke up.
He had an appointment to meet Colonel
Poindexter the next morning to consum
mate the purchase of some oil stock cer
tain to appreciate fabulously in value. He
had promised to listen further to Mr. Isi
dore Lewis regarding a plan for obtain
ing co'itrol of a certain line of one of
the metal stocks. And he hud signified
his desire to make one of a party the af
fable younger man would guide later in
the evening to a sumptuous temple of
chance, to which, by good luck, he had
gained the entree. The three gentlemen
parted most cordially from him after he
had paid the check.
To Mr. L«wis. when Colonel Poindexter
had also left, the young man with m.
taste for gaming remarked Ingenuously:
'¦Say, Izzy. on the level, there's the
readiest money that ever registered at
this Joint You don't have to be Mr. Wil
liam Wisenham to do business with him.
You can have all you want of that at
track odds."
"I'm making book that way myself."
reFponiled the cheerful Mr. Lewis; "nf
ty'll get you a thousand any time, my lad.
It's a lead-pipe at twenty to one. But
say, with all these Petroleum Pete oil
stock grafters and Dawson City Daves
with frozen feet and mining stock In
their mitts, a man's got to play them
close in to his bosom to win out any
thing. Competition Is killing this place,
my boy." »
In the Turkish room Perclval found
Mrs. Akemit. gowned to perfection, glow
lr.g, and wearing a bunch of violets big
ger than her pretty head.
"I've Just sent cards to your mother and
sister," ehe explained, as she made room
for him upon the v divan.
To them came presently Mrs. Drelmer,
well-groomed and aggressively cheerful.
"How de do! Just been down to Wall
street seeing how my other half lives,
and now I'm famished for tea and things.
Ah! here are your mother and our proud
Western beauty!" And she went forward
to greet them.
"It's more thah her other half knows
about her," was Mrs. Akemlt's observa
tion to the violets on her breast.
"Come sit with me here in this corner,
dear," said Mrs. Drelmer to Psyche, while
Mrs. Bines Joined her son and Mrs. Ake
mit. "I've bo much to tell you. And that
poor little Florence Akemit. isn't it too
bad about her. You know one of those
bright French women said it's so incon
venient to be a widow because it's neces
sary to resume the modesty of a young
girl without being able to feign her ig
norance. No wonder Florence has a hard
time of It; but isn't it wretched of me to
gossip? And I wanted to tell you espe
cially about Mr. Mauburn. You know of
course he'll be Lord Casselthorpe when
the present Lord Casselthorpe dice; a
splendid title, really quite one of the best
in all England; and, my deai. he's out
and-out smitten with you; there's no use
in denying It; you should hear him rave
to me about you; really these, young men
In love are fo inconsiderate of us old wo
men. Ah! here is that Mrs. Errol who
does those fascinating miniatures of all
th<^ smart people. Excum me one mo
ment, my dear; I want her to meet your
mother."
The fashionable miniature artist was
presently arranging with the dazed Mrs.
Bines for miniatures of herself and
Psyche. Mrs. Drelmer. beholding the pair
with the eatlnfied glance of one who has
performed a kindiy action, resumed her
lete-a-tete with Psyche.
Percival, across the rocm. listened to
Mrs. Akemit's artless disclosure that ehe
found life too complex— far too hazard
ous, indeed, for a poor little creature in
her unfortunate position, no liable to cruel
misjudgment for thoughtless, harmless
acu?, the result of a young ze'st for life.
She had often thought most seriously of
a convent. Indeed she had— "and. really,
Mr. Bines. I'm amazed^ that I talk this
way— so freely to you— you- know, when
I've known you so ehort a time; but
something In you compels my confidences,
poor little me! and my poor little confi
dences! One eo seldom meets a man
nowadays with whom one can venture to
talk about any of the real things!"
A little, later, as Mrs. Drelmer was
leaving, the majestic figure of the Baron
Ronault de Palliac framed Itself in the
handsome doorway. He sauntered lav." aa
if to give the picture tone, and then with
purposeful air took the seat, Mrs. Drelmer
bad Just vacated. Miss Bines had been
entertained by involuntary.vislons of her
self as Lady Casselthorpe. 6he now be
came in fancy the noble Baroness de Pal
liac, speaking faultless French and:con
sorting with the rare old 'families of the
Faubourg St. Germain. For. despite his
artistic indirection, the Baron's manner
was conclusive, his Intentions unmistak
able. , -.
And this day was much like many days
In the life of the Bines and In the life of
the Hlghtower Hotel. The scene from
parlor to cafe was surveyed at Intervals
by a quiet-mannered person with- watch
ful eyes, who appeared to enjoy it as one
upon whom It bonferred benefits.' Now
he washed his hands in the Invisible sweet
waters of satisfaction, and murmured
softly to himself. 'Sellers and Buyers!"
Perhaps the term fits the family of Bines
as well as might many another coined
especially for it. .-",'-
When the three groups in the -Turkish
room dissolved. Perclval with his mother
and sister went to their suite on the
fourth floor.
"Think of a real live ¦ French noble
man!" cried Psyche, with: enthusiasm,
"and French must be Euch a funny lan
guage—he talks such funny. English. ' I
wish now I'd learned more of It: at the
Sem. and talked more with that ' French
Dalpasse girl that, was always toasting
marshmallows on a hat pfn."
"That lady Mrs. Drelmer Introduced me
to," said Mrs. Bines, "Is an artist, minia
ture artist, hand-painted you know, and
she's going to paint our minjatures for a
thousand dollars each because we're
friends of Mrs. Drelmer." ' f, .,
"Oh. yes." exclaimed Psyche, with new
enthusiasm, "and Mrs. Drelmer has prom
ised to teach me bridge whist if I'll go to
her house to-morrow. Isn't she kind?
Really, every one must play bridge now,
she tells me."
"Well, ladies," said the son and. brother,
"I'm glad to see you both getting some
of the white meat. I guess we'll do well',
here. I'm going into oil stock and lead,
myself." " " •
"How girlish your Tittle friend. Mrs.
Akemit, is!" paid his mother. "How did
she come to lose her husband?"
"Lo«t him in South Dakota." replied her
son. shortly.
"Divorced, ma." explained Psyche, "and
Mrs. Drelmer says her family's good,- but
she's too gay."
"Ah!" exclaimed Perclval, "Mrs. Drel
mer's hammer must be one of. those cute
little gold ones, all set with precious
stones. As a matter of fact, she's any
thing but gray. She's sad. ' She couldn't
pet along with her husband because he
had no dignity of soul." ' •
He became conscious of • sympathizing
generously with all men not thus
equipped. . ;
CHAPTER XXI.
THE DIVERSIONS OF A YOUNG
MULTI-MILLIONAIRE.
To be idle and lavish of money. 25 years :
old. with the appetites keen and the need
for action always pressing; then to have
loved a girl with quick, strong. , youthful
ardor, and to have had the Ideal -smirched
by gossip, then shattered before his
amazed eyes — this is a situation in -which
the male animal is apt to behave in
c-quably. In the language of the estimable
Dr. von Herzlich, he will seek those ave
nues of modification In which the least
struggle Is required. In the simpler phras
ing of Uncle Peter Bines, he will "cut
loose."
During the winter that now followed
Perclval Bines behaved according to
either formula, as the reader may prefer.
He early ascertained his limitations with
respect to New York and its people.
"Say. old man," he asked Herbert De
lancey Livingston one night, across the
table at their college club, "are all the
people In New York society impecun
ious?"
Livingston had been with him
at Harvard, and Livingston's fam
ily was . so notoriously not impe
cunious that the question was devoid of
any personal element. Livingston, more
over, had dined just unwisely enough to
be truthful.
"Well, to be candid with you. Bines,"
the young man had replied, in a burst of
alcoholic confidence, "about all that you
are likely to meet are broke— else you
wouldn't meet 'em, you know," "he ex
plained, cheerfully. "You know, old chap,
a few of you Western people have got
Into the right set here; there's the Nes
bits, for Instance. On my word the good
wife and mother hasn't the kinks out of
her fingers yet, nor the callouses from
her hands, by Jove! She worked so hard
cooking and washing woolen shirts for
miners before Nesblt made his strike. As
for him— well caviare, I'm afraid, will al
ways be caviare to Jimmy Nesblt. And
now the' son's married a girl that had
everything but .money— my boy, Nellie
Wemple has fairly got that family of
Nesbits awestricken since she married
Into It, Just by the way she can spend
money— but what was I saying, old
chap? Oh, yes. about getting in— It takes
time, you know; on my word, I think
they were as much as eight years, and
had to start in abroad, at that. At first.
you know, you can only expect to meet
a crowd that can't afford to be exclusive
any longer."
From which friendly counsel, and from
certain confirming observations of his
own, PercJval had concluded that his lot
in New York was to spend money. This
he began to do with a large Western
carelessness that speedily earned him
fame of a sort. Along upper Broadway,
his advent was a golden Jo>* Tradesmen
learned to love him; florists, Jewelers and
tailors hailed his coming with honest
fervor; waiters told moving tales of his
-tips; cabmen fought for the privilege of
transporting him; and the hangers-on of
rich young men picked pieces of lint as
siduously and solicitously from his coat.
One of his favorite resorts was the
sumptuous gambling-house in Forty
fourth street. The man who slides back
the oanel of the stout oaken door early
learned to welcome him through the slit,
barred by itn grill of wrought Iron. Tl\e
attendant who took his coat and hat, the
waiter who took his order for food, and
the croupier who took his money > were
all gladdened %y his coming; for his
gratuities were as large when he lost as
when he won. Even the reserved propri
etor, accustomed as he was to a wealthy
and careless clientele, treated Perclval
with marked consideration after a night
when the young man persuaded him to
withdraw the limit at roulette and spent
a large sum for testing a system for
breaking the wheel, given to him by a
friend lately returned from Monte Carlo.
"I think, really, the fellow who gave
me that system Is an ass." he said, light
ing a cigarette when the play was done.
"Now I'm going down and demolish
eight dollars' worth of food and drink—
you won't be all to the good on that, you
know."
His host decided that a young
man who was hungry after los-
In* a- hundred: thousand dollar* In
five hours'- play was a person to b« not
lightly considered. '
And, though he loved the rhythmic whir
and the- ensuing rattle of the little Ivory
ball at the roulette wheel, he did not dis
dain the quieter faro, playing that digni
fied game-- exclusively with the chocolate
colored chips.' which cost a thousand dol
lars a stack.' Sometimes he won, but not
often enough to disturb his host's be
lief that there Is less' of chance in his
business than In' any other known to the
captains of Industry. ;
There were, too, sociable games of pok
er played' with, Gartner of. the lead trust,
Burman. the intrepid young wheat opera
tor from Chicago, and half a dozen other
well-moneyed spirits; games in which the
limit, to" use the Chlcagoan's phrase, was
"the beautiful . but lofty North Star." At
these games he lost even more regularly
than at those where', with the exception
of a trifling percentage, he was solely at
the mercy of chance/ But he was a joy
ous loser, endearing himself to the other
players; to Garran, whom Burman hab
itually accused of being "closer than a
warm night," as well, as to the open
handed son of the chewing gum magnate,
who had been raised aoroad and who pro
tested nightly that there was an element
of beastly American commercialism In tha
game. When Percival was by some
chance absent from a sitting, the others
calculated the precise sum he probably
would have lost and humorously -.ac
quainted him with the amount by tele
graph next mdrnlng— It was apt to be nine
hundred and some odd dollars— requesting
that he cover by check at his early con
venience.
Yet the diversion. was not all gambling.
There were long sessions at all-night res
taurants where the element of chance in
his favor, inconspicuous elsewhere, was
wholly eliminated; suppers t for hungry
Thespians and thirsty parasites, protract
ed with song and talk untilthe gas flames
grew pale yellow and the cabmen, when
the party- went out into the wan light,
would be. low-voiced, confidential and sug
gestive in their approaches.
Broadway would be weirdly quiet at
such times, save for the occasional fren
zied clatter of a hurrying milk ,wagon.
Even the cars seemed to move with less
sound than by day and the early rising
workers inside, holding dinner palls and.
lunch baskets, were subdued and. silent,
yet strangely observing, as i if .the hour
were one in which the vision was made
clear to appraise the values of life Justly.
To the north, whence the cars bulked si
lently, would be an -awakening sky of
such tender beauty that, the revelers often
paid It the tribute of a 'moment's notice.
"Pure turquoise," one would declare.
"With just a' dash' of orange bitters In
it. another might add. '' *, ¦ •
And then perhaps they burst Into song
under the /spell, blending their voices into
what the professional gentlemen termed
"barber shop harmonies," until a police
man would saunter across the Btreet. pre
tending, however, t"hat he was not aware
of them. •
Then terhaps a ride toward the beauti
ful-northern sky would be proposed,
three or four hansom or coupe
loads would begin a journey that wound
up through Central Park toward the
northern' light, but which never attained
a point remoter than some suburban road
house, where sleepy <!ooks and bartenders
would have to be routed out to collab
orate toward breakfast. "
Oftener the party" fell away into strag
gling groups with notions for sleep, chant-
Ing at last, perhaps:
While beer- brines *ladne«». don't forstet '
That water only makes you wet!
Percival would walk to the hotel, so
bered and perhaps made a little reflective
by the unwonted quiet. But they were
Pleasant, careless folk, he concluded al
ways. They permitted him to spend his
money, but he was quite sure they would
spend it as freely as he if they had it.
More than one appreciative soubrette, met
under such ""circumstances, was subse
quently enabled to laud the sureness of
his taste in Jewels— he cared little for
anything but large diamonds, it trans
pired. It was a feeling tribute paid to his
munificence by one of these in converse
with a sister artist, who had yet to meet
him: ' ' "*>
"Say, Myrtle, on the dead, he spends
money just like a young Jew trying to
be white!"
Under this more or less happy surface
of diversion, however, was an experience
decidedly less felicitous. He knew he
should not, must not. hold Avice Milbrey
in his mind; yet when he tried to put her
out it hurt him.
At first he had plumed himself upon his
lucky escape that night, when he would
have declared his love to her. To have
married a clrl who cared only for his
money; that would have been dire enough.
But to marry a girl like that! He had
been lucky indeed!
Yet. as the weeks went by the shock of
the scene wore off. The scene itself re
mained clear, with the grinning gro
tesquerie of the Jack-o'-lanternsSighting
It and mockinc his simplicity. But the
first sharp physical hurt had healed. He
wan forced to admit that the girl still
had nower to trouble him. At times his
strained nerves would relax to no other
device than the picturing of her as his
own. Exactly In the measure that he
indulged this would his pride smart.
With a budding gift for negation he could
Imagine her caring for nothing but his
money; and there was that other picture,
swift and awful, a pantomime in shadow,
with the leering ye..ow faves above it.
In the far nisrht. when he awoke to
sudden and hungry aloneness, he would
let bis arms feel their hunger for her.
The vision of her would be flowers and
music and sunlight and time and. all
things perfect to mystify and delight, to
satisfy ereatest . of all boons— to
unsatlsfy. T^e thought of her be
came a rest-house, for, all weariness; a
haven where he was free to choose his
nook and lie down away from all that
was not her.. which was all that was not
beautiful. He would go bark to seek the
lost sweetness of their. first rne€tlng; to
mount "the poor dead belief that she
would care for him— that he. could make
her care for him— and endow the thing
with artificial life, trying to capture the
faint breath of It; but. the memory was
always fleeting, attenuated, like the spirit
of the memory of -a perfume that had
been elusive at best. And always, to ban
ish what Joy even this poor device m'ght
bring, came the more vivid vision of the
brutal, sordid facts. He forced hims'.-lf
to face them regularly as a penance and
a corrective.
They came before him with especial
clearness when he met her from time to
time during the winter.' He watched her
in talk with Others, noting the contradic
tion in her that she would at one moment
appear knowing, and masterful^ with
depths of reserve that the other people
neither fathomed nor knew of; and at
another moment frank**- girlish, with an
appealing feminine helplessness which is
woman's' greatest" strength, coercing
every strong masculine Instinct. - r '-'>\
"Wherr the reserve showed In "- her, he
became afraid.- What -was she not capa
ble of? In the other mood, frankly ap
pealing, she drew' him mightily, bo that
he ° abandoned' himself : for tho moment,
responding to her fresh exultinjt youth,
longing to take her,' to' give her things,
to make her laugh, to enfold and protect
her, to tell her secrets. • to : father her
cheek with the . softest kiss, to be the
child-mate of her. •
Toward him, directly, when they met
she would sometimes be glacial and for
bidding, sometimes unlnterestedly frank,
as if they were but the best of common
place friends. Yet sometimes she made
him feel that she, too. threw herself
heartily to reat In the thought of their
loving, and cheated herself, as he j did,
with dreams of comradeship. She left
him at these times withVthe feeling that
they were deaf, dumb and blind to each
Other; that If some means of communi
cation could be devised, something surer
than the invisible play of secret longings,
all might yet be well. They talked as
the people about them talked, words that
meant nothing to either, and if there
were mute questionings, naked appeals,
unuttered declarations, they were only
such as, language serves to diyeit atten
tion from. Speech, doubtless, has its uses
as well as its abuses. Politics, for exam
ple, would be less entertaining without it.
But in matters of the heart, ctrtaln.it
is that there would be fewer misunder
standings if it were forbidden between
the couple under the penalty of immedi
ate separation. In this affair real mean-
Ings are rarely conveyed except by
silences. Words are not more than taste
less-drapery to obscure their lines. The
silence of lovers is the. plainest of all
speech, warning, disconcerting Indeed, by
its very bluntness, any b^ut the truly
mated. An hour's silence with these two
people by themselves might have worked
wonders.
Another diversion of Percival's during
this somewhat feverish winter was Mrs.
Akemlt. Not only was she a woman, of
finished «and expert daintiness in dress
and manner and surroundings, but she
soothed, flattered, and stimulated him.
With the wisdom of her thirty-two years,
devoted chiefly to a study of his species,
she took care never to be exigent. She
had the way of- referring to herself as
"poor little me," yet she never made de
mands or allowed him to feel that she ex
pected anything from ,hlm in the way of
allegiance. *•
Mrs." Akemit was not only like St. Paul,
"all things to all men," but she had gone
a Btep bey Ad that excellent theologue.
She could be* all things to one man. She
was light-hevttdly frivolous, soberly re
flective, • shallow, cynical or
naive. Ingenuous or Inscrutable. She
prized dearly, the ecclesiastical back
ground provided by her uncle, the bishop,
and had him to dine wlth_the same un
erring sense of artistry that led her to
select swiftly the becoming shade of sofa
cushion to put her blond head back upon.
The good bishop believed she had jeop
ardized her soul with divorce. He feared
now she meant to lose It irrevocably
through remarriage. As a foil to his aus
terity, therefore, she would be audacious
ly gay In his presence.
"Hell," she said to him one evening. "Is
given up so reluctantly by those who
don't expect to go there." And while the
bishop frowned Into his salad she Invited
Percival to drink with her in the manner
of a woman who is. mad to Invite perdi
tion. If the good man could have beheld
her before a background of frivolity ho
might have suffered less anxiety. For
there her sense of contrast-values led
her to be grave and deep, to express dis
taste for society with its hollowness, and
to expose timidly the cruel scars on a
soul meant for higher things.
Many afternoons Percival drank tea
with her' In the little red drawing-room
of her dainty apartment up the avenue.
Heic in the half light, which she had pre
ferred since thirty. In a soft corner with
which she harmonized faultlessly, and
where the blaze from the open fire col
ored her animated face Just enough, she
talked him usually into the glow of a.
high conceit with himself. When »he
dwelt upon the shortcomings of man, she
did it with the air of frankly presuming
him to be different from all others, one
who could sympathize with her through
knowing the frailties of his sex, yet one
mmeasurably superior to them. When he
was led to talk of himself— of whom, it
seemed, she could never learn enough
he at once came to take high views of
himself; to gaze, .through her tactful
prompting, with gentle, purring apprecia
tion upon tho manifest spectacle of his
own worth.
Sometimes, away from her, he wondered
how she did it. Sometimes, in her very
presence, his sense of humor became alert
and suspicious. Part of the time he de
cided her to be a charming woman, with a
depth and quality of sweetness unguessed
by the world. The rest of the time he re
membered a saying about alfalfa made by
Uncle Peter: "It's an Innocent lookln',
triflin' vegetable, but Its roots go right
down Into the ground a hundred feet.".
"My dear," Mrs. Akemit had once con
fided to an Intimate in an nour of negli
gee, "to meet a man, any man, from a
red-cheeked butcher boy to a bloodless
monk. and. not make him feel something
new for you— something he never before
felt for any other woman— really it's as
criminal as a wrinkled stocking or for
blondes to wear shiny things. Every
woman can do It If she'll study a little
how to reduce them to their least com
mon denominator— how to make them
primitive."
Of another member of Mrs. Akemlt's
household Perclval acknowledged the
sway with never a misgiving. He haJ
been the ilevoted lover of Baby Akemlt
from the afternoon when he had first
cajoled her into autobiography-ra vivid,
fire-tipped little thing with her motlier'.-*
piquancy. He gleaned that 'lay trmt she
was "a quarter to four years old": that
she was mamma's girl, but papa wsia a
fri<nd of Santa Claus; that she wont to
"ball dancts' 1 every day clad In "dest a
stlrt 'cause, big ladies don't ever wear
waist-es at night": that she had once rid
den in a merry-go-round and it made her
"all homesick right here." patting her
stomach: and that "elephants are horrid,
but you mustn't be cruel to them and
cut their eyes out. Oh. no!" • ,
Her Perclval courted with results that
left nothing tj> be desired. She fell to the
floor In helpless, shrieking laughter when
he came. In his honor she composed and
sang songs to an- Improvised and spirited
accompaniment upon her toy piano. His
favorites among the?e were "'Cause Why
I Love You" and "Darling. 'Aak Myself
to Come to You." She rendered them
with much feeling. If he were present
when her bedtime came she refused to
sleep until he had consented .to an in
terview.
Avice Milbrey had the fortune to wit
ness one of these bedtime causerles. One
late afternoon the young man's summons
came while he was one of a group that
lingered late about Mrs." Akemit' s little
tea table, Miss Milbrey being of the
number. • *
He followed the , maid dutifully q,ut
through the hall to th« door of the bed
room and entered on all fours wlth r what
they two had agreed was the growl of a
famished bear.
The familiar performance was viewed
by the mother and by Miss Milbrey,
whom the' mother had urged to follow.
Baby Akemlt in her crib, modestly ar
rayed In blue pajamas, after simulating
the extreme terror required by the situa
tion, fell to chatting, while her mother
and - Miss Milbrey * looked on f rota 'tho
doorway.
Miss Akemit had once been out In the
woods. It appeared, and a "bltlngr wolf
chased her, and she ran and ran until she
came to a river all full of pigs and fishes
and berries, so she jumped In and had
supper, and It wasn't a "biting wolf" at
all — and then — ~
But the narrative was cut short by her
mother.
"Come, pet! Mr. Bines wishes to go
now."
Miss Akemlt, It appeared, was bent,
upon relating the adventures of Goldle
Locks, subsequent to her leap from the
window of the bear's house. She had, it
seemed, been compelled . to ride nine
twenty miles on a trolley, and. reaching
home too late for . lunch •»pn, had been
obliged to eat In the kitchen with the
"Mr. Bines can't stay, dail'ng!"
Baby Akemit calculated briefly, and
consented to his departu^ if" Mr. Bines
would bring her something next time.
Mr. . Bines promised, and moved away
after the customary embrace, but she was
not through:
"Oh! oh! go out like a bear! dere's a
bear come in here!"
And so, having brought the bear In, he
was forced to drop again and growl the
beast out, whereupon, appeased by this
strict observance of the unities, the child
sat up and demanded:
"You sure you'll'bring me somefin next
time?"
"Yes. sure, Lady Grenvllle St. Clare."
"Well, you sure you're comin' next
time?"
Being reassured on this point, and satis
fled that no more bears were at large, she
lay down once more while Perclval and
the two observers returned to the draw
ing-room.
"You love children so!'«- Miss Milbrey
said. And never had she been so girlish
ly appealing to all that was Btrong In him
as a man. The frolic with the child
seemed to have blown away a fog from
between them. Yet never had the other
scene been more vivid to him, and never
had the pain of her heartlessness been
more poignant.
When he "played" with Baby Akemlt
thereafter, the pretense was not all with
the child. For while she might "play" at
giving a vexatiously large dinner, for
which- she was obliged to do the-cooklng
because she had discharged all the ser
vants, or when they "played" that the'
big coJih was a splendid ferry-boat fin
which they were sailing to Chicago where
Uncle David lived— with many stern
threats "to ,4ell the Janitor of the boat if
the captain didn't behave himself and sail
faster— Percival "played" that his com
panion's name was Baby Bines, and that
her mother, who watched them with lov
ing eyes, was a sweet and gracious young
woman named Avice. And when he told
Baby Akemit that she was "the only orig
inal sweetheart" he meant It of some one
else than her.
When the play was over he always con
ducted himself back to the sane reality
by viewing this some one else in the cold
light of truth.
v CHAPTER XXII.
THE DISTRESSING ADVENTURE OF
MRS. BINES.
The fame of the Bines family for de
spising money was not fed wholly by Per
cival's unremitting activities. Miss Psyche
Bines during the winter achieved wide
and enviable renown as a player of bridge
whist.* "Not for the excellence of. her play;
rather for tho Inveteracy and size of her
lossts and the unconcerned cheerfulness
with which she defrayed them. She paid
the considerable sums with an air of
gratitude for having been permitted to
lose them. • Especially did she seem grate
ful for the zealous tutelage and chaper
onage of Mrs. Drelmer.
"Everybody li> Xew York plays bridge,
my dear, and of course you must
learn." that capable lady had said in the
beginning.
"But 1 never was bright at cards," the
girl confessed, "and I'm afraid I couldn't
learn bridge well enough to interest you
good players."
"Nonsense!" was Mrs. Drelmer's assur
ance, "Bridge is easy' to learn and easy
to play. I'll teach you. and I promise you
the people you play with shall never com
plain."
Mrs. Drelmer, it soon appeared, knew
what she was talking about.
Indeed, that well-informed woman was
always liktly to. Her husband was an In.
tellecrual delinquent whom she spoke of
largely as being Jin Wall street," and in
that feat of jugglery known as "keeping
up appearances" his wife had long been
the more dexterous performer.
She was apt not only to know what she
talked about, but she was a woman of
resource, unafraid of action. She drilled
Miss Bines in the rudiments of bridge. If
the teacher became subsequently much
the largest winner of the pupil's losings,
it was perhaps not more than h»r lit
recompense. For Miss Bines enjoyed not
only the sport of the game, but her man
ner of playing it. combined with the so
cial prestige of her amKble sponsor, pro
cured her a circle or" acquaintances that
would otherwise hnve remained consid
erably narrower. An enthusiastic player
of bridge, of passable exterior, mediocre
skill «md unlimited resources ne^d never
want in New York for very excellent so
rirty. Not only was the Western girl re?"
oelved by Mr*. Drelmer's Immediate cir
ri*, but more than one member of whst
the lady rullQ.1 "that snubhv set" would
row and thrn make a place for her at the
end table. A few of Mrs. Drelmer's In
timates were so 'wanting In good taste as
to Intimate th^t she exploited Miss Bines
even to the degree of an understanding
expressed In bnld percentage, with cer
tain of those to whom she secured the
girl's at cards. Whether this
ill-natured gossip was true or false. It i.s
certain that the exigencies of life on next
to nothing a year.' with a husband who
could bonst of next to nothing but Fam
ily^ had developed an unerring business
senre in Mrs. Drelmer; and certain it also
Is that this winter was one when the ap
pearances with which she had to strive
were unwonted'y buoyant.
Miss BJnrs tirelessly memorized rules.
She would disclose,' to her_ placid mother
that the lead of a trump to the third
hand's go-over of- hearts is of doubtful
expediency: or that one must "follow suit
with tho smallest, except when you have
only two. neMher of. them better than the
Jack. Then play the higher first, so that
when the lower faHs your partner may
know you are out of the suit, and ruff
it."
Mrs. Bines declared that It did Sepm to
her very much like out-and-out gambling
But Perclval. looking over the stubs of
his sister's checkbook, warmly protested
her Innocence of this charge.
"Heaven knows sis has her shortcom
ings," he observed, patronizingly, in- that
young woman's presence, "but she's no
gambler; don't say it, ma, I beg of you!
She only knows l.ve rules of the game,
and I Judge it's cost her about three thou
sand dollars each to learn those. • And
the only one she never forgets Is, "When
in doubt, lead your highest check/ ' But
don't ever accuse her of gambling. Poor
glrl t if she keeps on playing bridge she'll
hav'e writer's cramp; that's all I'm afraid
of. I see there's a new rapid-fire cneck
book on the market, and an Improved
fountain pen that doesn't slobber- * I'll
have to get her one of each." '. • ¦ ••
Yet Psyche Bines' experience, like her
brother's, was not without a proper-leav
en of sentiment. . There was Fred.. Mll
brey, handsome, clever, amusing, know-
Ing every one. and giving her a pleasant
sense of Intimacy with all that was worth
while in Now York. Him she- felt .•very
friendly to. :£<»."
Then there was Mauburn. presently . to
be Lord Casselthorpe. with his lazy, high
pitched drawl; good-naiured, frank.; car
rying an atmosphere of high-class British,
worldllness, and delicately awakening
within her while she was with hirer a
sense of her own latent superiority to the
Institutions of her native land. She liked
Mauburn, too. * * . j ¦;
.More impressive than either of these,
however, was the Baron Konault de Pal
llac. Tall, swarthy, saturnine, a polished
man of all the world, of manners finished,^
elaborate arid ceremonious, she found'
herself feeling foreign and distlnguisfted
In his presence, quite as if she were the
heroine of a romantic novel, and might' at
any instant be called upon to assist in
royalist Intrigues. The Baron, to her io
tuition. nursed secret sorrows. For tbese
she secretly worshiped him. It Is ' true
that when he dined with her and her
mother, which he was frequently gracious
enough to do. he ate with a hearttaess^
that belled this secret sorrow ,she
had imagined. But **e was fasci
nating at all times, with a grace
at table not less finished than that
with which he bowed at their meetings
and partings. It was not unpleasant to
think of basking dally in the shine of
that grand manner, even If she did feel
friendlier with Milbrey, and more at ease
with Mauburn.
If the truth must be told. Miss Bines
was less impressionable than either of
the three would have wished. Her heart
seemed not easy to reach; her impulses
were not- Inflammable. Young Mllbr.ey
early confided to his family a suspicion
that she was singularly hard hearted and
the definite information that she had "a
hob-nailed Western way" of treating' her
admirers.
Mauburn, too, was shrewd enough to
see that, while she frankly liked him. he
was for some reason less a favorite than
the Baron de Palliac
"It'll be no easy matter marrying that
girl." he told Mrs. Drelmer. "She's really
a dear, and awfully good fun. but she's
not a bit silly and I dare say she'll marry
some chap because she likes him and not
because he's anybody, you know."
"Make her like you," insisted h's ad
vlsjer. '••_*...
"On my word. I wish she did. And I'm
not so sure, you know, she doesn't fancy j
that Frenchman, or even young Milbrey." j
"I'll keep you before her." promised >
Mrs. Drelmer,. "and I wish you'd not
think you can't win her. 'Tisn't like. you."
Miss Bines accordingly heard that :lt
was such a pity young Milbrey drank "so,
because his only salvation lay In making
a rich marriage, and a young man now
adays, had to keep fairly sober to accom
plish that. Really, Mrs. Drelmer felt sor
ry for the poor, weak fellow. "Good
hearted chap, but he has no character,
my dear, so I'm afraid there's no hope
fcr him. He ha3 the soul of a merchant
tailor, actually, but not a tailor's man
hood. Otherwise he'd be above marrying
some unsuspecting girl for her money and
breaking her heart after marriage. Now,
Mauburn is a type so different; honest,
unaffected, healthy, really he's a man for
any girl to be proud of. even if he were
not heir to a title— one of the best in all
England and an ornament of the most
exclusively correct set; of a line, my dear,
that is truly great— not like that shoddy
French nobility, discredited In France,
that sends so many of its comic opera
barons here looking for large dowries to
pay their gambling debts and put fur
niture in their rattletrap old chateaux
and keep them in absinthe and their other
peculiar diversions. And Mauburn, you
lucky minx, simply adores you— he's quite
mad about you. really!"
In spite of Mrs. Drelmer's two edged
sword Miss Bines continued rather more
favorable to the line of De Palliac. The
Baron was so splendid, so gloomy, so def
erential. He had the air of laying at her
feet, as a rug, the whole glorious history
of France. And he appeared so welj la
tfie victoria when tney drove in the park,
"it Is true that the heart of Miss Bines
was -as yet quite untouched; and it was
not more than a cool. dim. esthetic light
in which she surveyed the three
suitors impartially, to behold the impres
sive figure of the Baron towering above
the others. Had the Baron proposed for
her hand. It is not Impossible that, fac
ing the question directly, she would have
parried or evaded.
But certain events befell unpropitiously
at a tJme when the Baron was most cer
tain of his conquest; at the very time,
Indeed, when he had determined to open
his suit definitely by extending a proposal
to the younK lady through the orthodox
medium of her nearest male relative.
"I admit," wrote the Baron to his ex
pectant father, "that it Is what one calls
'very chances' in the English, but one
must venture In this country, and your
son Is not without hope. And if not. there
Is still Mile. Higbee."
The Earon shuddered as he wrote It.
He preferred not to recognize even tha
existence of this alternative, for the rea
son that the father of Mile. Higbee dis
tressed him by an incompleteness of
buavity."
"He conducts himself like a pork," the
Baron would declare to himself, by way
of perfecting his Englisb.
The secret cause of his subsequent de
termination not to propose for the hand
uf Miss Bines lay in the hopelessly mid
dle class leanings of the lady who might
have incurred the supreme honor of be
coming his mother-in-law. Had Mrs. Bines
been above talking to low people, a catas
trophe might have been averted. But
Mrs. Bines was not above It. She was
quite unable to repress a vulgar Interest
in the menials that served her.
She knew the butler's life history two
days after she had ceased to be afraid of
him. She knew the distressing family af
fairs of the maids: how many were the
Ignoble progeny of the elevator man. and
what his plebeian wife did for their croup;
how much rent the hallboy's low-born
father paid for his mean two-story dwell
ing in Jersey City; and how many hours
a day or night the debased scrub-women
devoted to their unrefinlns toll.
Brazenly, too. she held converse with
Philippe, the active and voluble Alsatian
who served her when ahe chose to uiuo .aTHE SUNDAY CALL.
the public restaurant Instead of at her i
own private table. Philippe acquainted 1
h*-r with the Joys and griefs of his diffl- 1
cult profession. There were fourteen 1
thuuEand waiters in New York, if. by
waiters, you meant any one. Of course '
there were not bo many like Philippe,
nun of the world who had served their i
time as assistants and their three years <
us sub-waiters; men who epoke English. '¦
French and German, who knew some
thing of cooking, how to dress a salad, I
and how to carve. Only such, it appeared, '
could be members of the exclusive Gene
va Club that procured a place for you •
*hen you were idle, and paid you eight '
do:iars a week when you were slcK.
Having the qualifications, ore could earn •
twenty-five dollars a month in salary and
three or four times as much in gratuities. *
Philippe's income was never less than one •
hundred and twenty dollars a month;
for was he not one who had come from ¦
Europe as a master, after two seasons '
at Paris where a man acquires his polish
—his perfection of manner, his finish, his
pmce? Philippe could never enough
prize that post-graduate course at the
Maifon d'Or, where he had personally :
known— madame might not believe it —
the incomparable Casmir, a chef who
served two generations of epicures,
primes, kings, statesmen, travelling
Americans— all the truly great.
With his own lips Casmir had told him,
Philippe, of the occasion when Dumas,
pere. had lnx-lted him to dinner that they
might discuss the esoterics of salad
dressing and sauces: also of the time
when the Marquis de St. Georses em
braced Casmir for inventing the precious
roup that afterward became famous as
Potape Germlne. And now the skilled
and puissant Casmir had retired. It was
a. calamity. The Maison d'Or—Paris
would no longer be what they had been.
For that matter, since one must live
Philippe preferred it to be in America,
for in no other country could an adept
acquire so much money. And Philippe
knew the whole dining world. With Ce
line and the baby. Paul. Philippe dwelt
In an apartment that would really amaze
rnadaroe by Its appointments of luxury,
la East Thirty-eighth street, and only the
four flighte to climb. And Paul was three,
the largest of his age, quite the largest,
that either Philippe or Celine had ever be
held. Even the brother of Celine and his
wife, who had a restaurant of their own
serving the table d'hote at two and one
half francs the plate, with » wine— even
these swore they had never seen an in
fant so big, for his years, as Paul.
And so Mrs. Bines grew actually to feel
an interest in the creature and his
wretched affairs, and even fell into the
deplorable habit of saying. "I must come
to see you and your wife and Paul some
pleasant day. Philippe." and Philippe, be
ing a man of the world, thought none the
less of her for believing that she- did not
mean it.
Yet it befell on an afternoon that Mrs.
Bines found herself in a populous side
street, driving home from a visit to the
rheumatic scrub-woman who had now to
be supported by the paprrs her misera
ble offspring sold. Mrs. Bines had never
seen so many' children as flooded this
street. She wondered if an orphan asyl
um were In the neighborhood. And
though the day was pleasantly warm,
she decided that there were al«out her
at least a thousand cases of inclpent
pneumonia, for not one child m five had
on a hat. They raged and dashed and
rippled from curb to curb so that they
might have made her think of a ewift
mountain torrent at the bottom of a
gloomy canyon, but that the worthy wo
man was too literal-minded for such
fancies. She only warned the man to
drive slowly.
And then by a street sign she saw that
she was near the home of Philippe. It
was three o'clock and he would be resting
from his work. The man found the num
ber. The waves parted and piifcd them
selves on either side in hushed wonder as
she entered the hallway and searched for
the name on the little cards under the
bells. Khe had never known the surname,
and on the two. cards "Ph." appeared.
She rang one of the bells, the door mys
teriously opened with a repeated double
click, and she began the toilsome climb.
The waves of children fell together be
hind her In turbulent play again.
At the top she breathed a moment and
then knocked at a door before her. A
voice within called:
"Entrezl" and Mrs. Bines opened the
dcor.
It was the tiny kitchen of Philippe.
Philippe himself, in shirt sleeves, sat in a
chair tilted back close to the gas range,
the Courier des Etats Unis in his hands
and Paul on his lap. Celine ironed the
bosom of a gentleman's white shirt on an
ironing board supported by the backs of
two chairs.
Hemmed in the corner by this board
and by the gas range, seated at a table
covered by the oilcloth that simulates the
marble of Italy's most famous quarry,
sat. undoubtedly, the Baron Ronault Tie
Palliac A steaming plate of spaghetti a
la Italien was before him, to his left a
large bowl of salad, to his right a bottle
of red wine.
For a space of three seconds the entire
party behaved aa if it were being photo
graphed under time exposure. Philippe
and the baby etared, motionless. Celine
stared, resting no slight weight on the
hot flatlron. The Baron Ronault de Pal
liac eUred. his fork poised in midair and
festooned with gay little streamers of
spaghetti.
Then came smoke, the smell of scorch
ing linen and a cry of horror from Celine.
"Ah. la seule chemise blanche de Mon
sieur le Baron!"
The epell was broken. Philippe was on
his feet, bowing effusively.
"Ah! it is Madam Bines. Je suis tres
honore— I am very honored to welcome
you, madame. It is madame. ma femme,
Celine— and— Monsieur le Baron de Pal
liac "
Philippe had turned with evident dis
tress toward the latter. But Philippe was
only a waiter and had not behind him
the centuries of schooling that enable a
gentleman to remain a gentleman under
adverse conditions.
The Baron Ronault de Palliac arose
with unruffled aplomb and favored the
caller with his stateliest bow. He was at
the moment a graceful and silencing re
buke to those who aver that manner and
attire be Interdependent. The Baron's
manner was ideal, undlrcinished in vol
ume, faultless as to decorative qualities.
One fitted to savor its exquisite finish
would scarce have noted that above his
waist the noble gentleman was clad in a
single woolen undergarment of revolu
tionary red.
Or if such a one had observed this
trifling circumstance he would assuredly
have treated it as of no value to the mo
ment; something to note, perhaps, and
then gracefully to forget.
The baron's own behavior would have
served ss a model. One swift glance
had ehown him there was no way
of Instant retreat. That being impossible,
none other was graceful; hence none
other was to be considered. He permitted
himself not to even glance at the shirt
upon whose fair defenseless bosom the
iron of the overcome Ceiine had burned
its cruel brown imprlmature. Mrs. Bines
had greeted him as he would have wished
unconscious, apparently, that there could
be cause for embarrassment.
"Ah! madame." he said, handsomely. .
"you see me, I unfast with the fork.
You see me here, I have envy of the |
simple life. I am content of to do it—
comme ca— as that, see you." waving In
the direction of his unfinished repast.
"All that magnificence of your grand ho
tel, there Is not the why of It, the most
bis of the world, and suchly stupefying,
with its 'infernil rackit.' as you say. And
of more— what droll oftidea, enough cu
rious, by example! to dT*ell with the & ood
Philippe and his femmeX amiable. Their
hotel is of the most littles, but I rest here
volunteerly since longtime. Is it that one
can to comprehend living the vast hotel
American?"
"Monsieur le Baron lodges with us; we
have so much of the chambers," ventured
Celine.
"Monsieur le Baron wishes to retire to
his apartment." said Philippe, raising the
ironing-board. "Will madame be so good
to enter our petit salon at the frcnt,
n est-ce-pas?"
The baron stepped forth from his cor
ner and bowed himself graciously out.
"Madame, my compliments— and to the
adorable Mile. Bines! Au revoir, rnad
ame-to the soontlme— avant peu— before
little!"
On the farther side of his closed door
the Baron Ronault de Palliac swore—
once. .But the oath was. one of the most
awful that a Frenchman may utter in his
native tongue: "Sacred Name of a
Name!"
"But the baron wasn't done eating,"
protested Mrs. Bines.
"Ah. yes, madame!" replied Philippe.
"Monsieur le Baron has consumed enough
for now. ' Paul, man enfant, ne touche
pas la robe de madame! He is largo, is
he not, madame, as 1 have told you? A
monster, yes?"
Mrs. Bines, stooping, took the limp
and wide-eyed Paul up In her arms.
Whereupon he began to talk so fast to
her in French that she .set him quickly
down again, with the slightly helpless air
of one who has picked up an Innocent
looking cloclf only to have the clang.ng
alarm go suddenly off.
"Madame will honor our little salon."
urged Philippe, opening the door and
bowing low.
"Quel dommage!" sighed Celine, mov
ing after them; "la seule chemise blanche
de Monsieur le Baron. Eh blen! 11 faut
lul en acheter une autre!"
At dinner that evening Mrs. Bines re
lated her adventure, to the unfeigned de
light of her graceless son, and to the
somewhat troubled amazement of her
daughter.
"And, do you know," she ventured,
"maybe he Isn't a regular baron, after
ill!" <*
"Oh, I guess he's a regular one all
right." said Percival; "only perhaps he
hasn't worked at it much lately."
"But his sitting there eating in that—
that shirt—" said his sister.
"My dear young woman, even the no
bility are prey to climatic rigors; they
are obliged, like the wretched low-born
such as ourselves, to wear— pardon me —
undergarments. Again, I understand from
Mrs. Cadwallader here that the article in
question was satisfactory and fit— red, I
believe you say, Mrs. Terwilliger?"
"Awful red!" replied his mother— "and
they call their parlor a saloon."
"And of necessity, even the noble have
their moments of deshabille."
"They needn't eat their lunch that
way," declared his sister.
"Is deshabille French for under
clothes?" asked Mrs. Bines, struck by the
word.
"Partly," answered her son.
"And the way that child of Philippe's
jabbered French! It's wonderful how
they can learn s« young."
"They begin early, you know," Percival
explained. "And as to our friend the
Baron, I'm ready to make book that sis
doesn't see him again, except at a dis
tance."
Some time afterwards he computed the
round sum he might have won If any
such bets had been made; for hi? sister's
list of suitors, to adopt his own lucent
phrase, was thereafter "shy a Baron."
CHAPTER XXIII.
THE SUMMER CAMPAIGN IS
PLANNED.
Winter waned and spring charmed the
land into blossom. The city-pent, as we
have intimated, must take this season
largely on faith. If one can find a* patch
of ground naked of stone or asphalt one
may feel the heart of the earth beat. But
even now the shop-windows are more in
spiring. At least they copy the outer
show. Tender-hued shirt-waists first
push up their sprouts of arms through
the winter furs and woolens, quite as the
first violets out in the woodland and
thrust themselves up through the brown
carpet of leaves. Then every window be
comes a summery glade of lawn, tulle,
and chiffon, more lavish of tints, shades
and combinations, Indeed, than ever na
ture dared to be.
Outside, where the unspoiled earth be
gins, the blossoms are clouding the trees
with a mist of pink and white, and the
city-dweller knows it from the bloom and
foliage of these same windows.
Then it is that spring "get away" urge
is felt by each prisoner, by those able
to obey It. and by those, alike, who must
wear It down In the groomed and sophis
ticated wildness of the city parks.
On a morning late in May Mrs. Bines
and her daughter were at breakfast.
"Isn't Percival coming?" asked his
mother. "Everything will be cold."
"Can't say," Psyche answered. "I don't
even know If he came In last night. But
don't worry about cold things. You can't
get them too cold for Perce at breakfast,
nowadays. He takes a lot of icewater
and a little something out of the decanter
and mavbe some black coffee."
"Yes, and # I'm sure it's bad for him.
He doesn't look a bit healthy and hasn't
since he quit eating breakfast. He used
to be such a hearty eater* at breakfast,
steaks and bacon and chops and eggs and
•waffles. It was a sight to see him eat;
and since he's quit taking anything but
that cdld etuff he's lost his color and his
eyes don't look right. I know what he's
got hold of— it's that 'no-breakfast* fad.
I heard about It from Mrs. Balldridge
when we came here last fall. I never did
believe in it, either."
The object of her solicitude 'entered in
dressing gown and slippers.
"I'm Just telling Psyche that this no
breakfast fad is hurting your health, my
son. Now do come and eat like you used
to. You began to look bad as soon as
you left off your breakfast. It's a silly
fad. that's what it is. You can't tell me!"
The young man stared at his mother
until he had mastered her meaning. Then
he put both hands to his head and turned
to the sideboard as if to conceal his emo
tion.
"That's it." he said, as he busied him
self with a tall giass and the cracked ice.
"It's that 'no-breakfast' fad. J. didn't
think you knew about it. The fact la,"
he continued, pouring out a measure of
brandy and directing; the butler to open
a bottle of soda, "we all eat too much.
After a night of sound sleep we awaken
refreshed and buoyant, all our forces re
plenished; thirsty, of course, but not hun
gry"—he »at down to the table and placed
both hands again to his head— "and we
have no need ot food. Yet such is the
force of custom that we deaden ourselves
for the day by tanking v up on coarse,
loathsome stuff like bacon. Ugh! Any
one would think, the way you two eat '
so early In the day, that you were a
couple of cave-dwellers— the kind that al
ways loaded up when they had a chance
because it might be a week before they
got another."
He drained his glass and brightened vis
ibly.
"Now, why not be reasonable?" he con
tinued, pleadingly. "You know there is
plenty of food. I have observed it being
brought into town in huge wagon loads
in the early morning on many occasions.
Why do you want to oat it all at one
sitting? No one's going to starve you.
"Why stupefy yourselves when, by a little
nervy self-denial, you can remain as
fresh and bright and clear-headed as I
am at this moment? Why doesn't a fire
make its own escape, Mrs. Carstep-Jam
wuddle?"
"I don't believe you feel right, either.
I just know you've got an awful headache
right now. Do let the man give you a
nice piece of this steak."
"Don't, I beg of you, Lady Ashmorton!
The suggestion is extremely repugnant to
me Besides, I'm behaving this way be
cause I arose with the purely humorous
fancy that my head was a fine large ac
cordion and that some meddler had drawn
it out too far. I'm sportively pretending
that I can press it back into shape. Now
you and sis never get up with any 'such
light poetic notion ag that. You know
you don't— don't attempt to deceive me."
He glanced over the table with swift dis
approval.
"Strawberries, oatmeal, rolls, steak three
inches thick, bacon, omelette— oh. that I
should live to see this day! It's disgrace
ful! And at your age— before your own
innocent woman-child a,nd leading her into
the same excesses. Do you know what
that breakfast is? No; I'll tell you. That
breakfast Is No. 73 In that book of Mrs-
Rorer's, and she 'expressly warns every
body that it can be eaten safely only by
steeple climbers and piano movers and
sea captains. Really, Mrs. Wrangleberry,
I blush for you. V
"I don't care how you go on. You ain't
looked well for months." •
"But think of, my great big heart— a
heart like an ox"— he seemed on the verge
of tears— "and to think that you, a woman
I have never treated with anything but
respect since we met in Honduras In the
fall of '93— to think you should throw It
up to my own face that I'm not beautiful.
Others there are, thank God, who can
look into a manld heart and prize him
for what he is— not condemn him for his
mere superficial blemishes."
"And I Just know you've got in with a
fast set. I met Mr. Milbrey yesterday In
the corridor "
"Did he tell you to make a lovely as
paragus shortcake or something?"
"He told me tnose men you go with so
much are dreadful gamblers and that
when you all went to Palm Beach last
February you played poker night and day,
and you told me you went for your
health."
"Oh, he did, did he? Well, I didn't get
anything else. He's a dear oldisoul, if
you've got the copper hand// It that man j
was a woman he'd be a warm neighbor
hood gossip. He'd be the nice, kind old
lady that starts things, that's what Hod
dy Milbrey would be."
"And you said yourself you played pok
er most of the time when you went to
Aikcn on the car last month." t
"To be honest with you, ma, we did play
poker. Say, they took it off of me so fast
I could feel myself catching cold."
"There, you see— and you really ought
to wear one of those chamois skin chest
protectors In this damp climate."
"Well, we'll see. If I can find one that
an ace full won't go through I'll snatch it
,so quick the man'll think he's being rob
bed. Now 'I'll Join you ladles to the ex
tent of some coffee, and then I want to
know what you two would rather do this
summer than."
"Of course," said Psyche, "no one stays
in town in summer."
"Exactly. And I've chartered a steam
yacht as big as this hotel— all but
But what I want to know/ is whether you
two care to bunk on it or whether you'd
rather stay quietly at some place, New
port, perhaps, and maybe take a cruise
with me now and then."
"Oh, that would be good fun. But here's
ma getting so I can't do a thing with her,
on account of all those beggars and nor
rld people down In the slums,"
Mrs. Bines looked guilty and feebly dep
recating. It was quite true that in her
own way she had achieved a reputation
for prodigality not inferior to that ac
quired by her children in ways of their
own."
"You know it's so, ma," the daughter
went on, accusingly. "One night last win
ter when you were away we dined at the
Balldrldge, in Eighty-sixth, street, and
the pavements were so sleety the horses
couldn't stand, so Colonel Balldridge
brought us home in the elevated about 11
o'clock. Well, at one of the stations a
big policeman, got on with a little baby
all wrapped up in red flannel. He'd found
It In an area way, nearly covered with
snow— where some one had left it, and he
was taking it down to police headquar
ters, he said. Well, ma went crazy right
away. She made him undo It and th«n
she insisted on holding it all the way
down to Thirty-third street. One man
said it might be President of the United
States some day; and Colonel Balldridge
said, 'Yes, it has unknown possibilities
it may even be a President's wife'— Just
like that. But I thought ma would, be
demented. It was all fat and so warm
and sleepy It could hardly hold Its eyes
open, and I believe she'd have kept it
then and there if the policeman would
have let her. She made him promise to
get it a bottle of warm milk the first
thine, and borrowed $20 of the colonel to
give to the policeman to get it things with
and then all the way down she talked
against the authorities for allowing such
things— as if they could help it— and when
we got home she cried— you know you did,
ma— and you pretended it was toothache—
and ever since then she's been perfectly
daft about babies. Why, whenever she
sees a woman going along with, one she
thinks the poor thing is going to leave it
some place; and now she's in with the
"charity workers and says she won't leave
New York at all this summer."
"I don't care," protested the guilty
mother, "It would have frozen to death
in just a little while and it's done so of
ten. Why, up at the Catholic Protectory
they put out a basket at the side door,
so a body can leave their baby, in it and
ring the bell and run away; and they get
one twice a week sometimes; and this
was such a sweet, fat little baby with big
blue eyes and its forehead wrinkled and
it was all puckered up around Its little
nose "
"And that isn't the worst of
it," the relentless daughter broke
in. "She gets begging letters by
the score and gives money to all sorts
of people, and a man from the Charities
Organization, who had heard about it,
came and warned her that they were im
postors — only she doesn't care. Do you
know, there was a poor old blind woman
with a dismal, wheezy, organ down at
Broadway and Twenty-third street— the
organ would hardly play at all, and just
one wretched tune— only the woman
wasn't blind at all we found out— and ma
bought her a nice new organ that cost
seventy-five dollars and had it taken to
her. Well, she found out through this
man from the Organization that. the wo
man pawned the new organ for twenty
dollars and was still playing on the old
one. She didn't want a new one because
it was too cheerful; it didn't make people
sad when they heard It. like her old one
did. And ' yesterday ma bought an In
dian — "
"A what?" asked her brother, in amaze
ment.
"An Indian— a tobacco sign." '
"You don't mean it? One of those lads
that stand out in front and peer under
their hands to see what palefaces are
moving into the house across the street?
Say. ma, what you going to do with him?
There isn't much room here, you know."
"I didn't buy him for myself," replied
Mrs. Bines, with dignity; "I wouldn't
want such an object."
"She bought it," explained his sister,
"for an Italian woman who keeps a little
tobacco-shop down in Rlvlngton street. A
man goes around to repaint them, you
know, but hers was so battered that this
man told her it wasn't worth painting
again, and she'd better get another, and
the woman said she didn't know what to
do because they coat twenty-five dollars
for a new one."
"Buti she has to support five children,
and her husband hasn't been able to work
for three years, since he fell through a
fire-escape where he was sleeping one hot
night," pleaded Mrs. Bines, "and I think
I'd rather stay here this summer. Just
think of all those poor babies when the
weather gets hot. I never thought there
were so many babies In the world."
"Well, have your own way," said her
son. "If you've started out to look after
all the babies in New York you won't
have any time left to play the races, I'll
promise you that."
"Well, my son. I never—"
"But sis here would probably rather do
other things."
"I think." said Psyche. "I'd like New
port—Mrs. Drelmer says I shouldn't think'
of going away any place else. Only, of
course, I can't go there alone. She says
she would be glad to chaperone me, but
her husband hasn't had a very good year
in Wall street, and she's afraid she won't
be able to go herself."
"Maybe," began Mrs. Bines, "If you'd
offer—"
"Oh! ehe'd be offended," exclaimed
Psohe.
"I'm not so sure of that," said her
brother, "not if you suggest it in the
right way— put it on the ground that
you'll be quite helpless without her, and
that she'd oblige you world without end
and all that. The more I see of people
here the more I think they're quite rea
sonable in little matters like that. They
look at them in the right light. Just lead
up to it delicately with Mrs. Drelmer and
see. /Then if she's willing to go with you,
your summer will be provided for; ex
cept that we shall both have, to look in
upon Mrs. Juzzlebraggin here now and
then to see that she doesn't overplay the
game and get sick herself, and make sure
that they don't get her vaccination mark
away from her. And, ma, you'll have to
come off on the yacht once or twice, Just
to give it tone."
It appeared that Percival had been right
in" supposing that Mrs. Drelmer might be
led to regard Psyche's proposal in a light
entirely rational. She was reluctant, at
first, it is true.
"It's awfully dear of you to ask me,
child, but really I'm afraid it will be
quite impossible. Oh!— for reasons which
you, of course, with your endless bank
account, cannot at all comprehend. You
see we old New York families have a se
cure position here by right of birth; and
even when we are forced to practice lit
tle economies in dress and household man
agement it doesn't count against us— so
long as we stay here. Now, Newport is
different. One cannot economize gTace
fully there— not even one of us. There
are quiet and very decent places for
those of us that must. But at Newport
one must not fall behind in display. A
sense of loyalty to the others, a nob
lesse oblige, compels one to be as lavish
as those flamboyant outsiders ' who go
there. One doesn't want them to report,
you know, that such and such families
of our smart set are falling behind for
lack of means. So, while we of the real
stock- arc chummy enough here, where
there is only us in a position to observe
ourselves, there is a sort of tacit agree
ment ' that only those shall go down to
Newport who are able to keep up the
pace. One need not, for one reason or so,
be a cottager; but, for example, in the
matter of dress, one must be sinfully lav
ish. Really, child. I could spend three
months in the Engadlne for the price of
one decent month at Newport; the para
sols, gloves, fans, shoes; 'frillies'— enough
to stock the Rue de laPalx. to say noth
ing of gowns— but why do I run on? Here
am I with a few little simple summer
things, fit enough indeed for the quiet
but ab-so-Iute-ly impossible for Newport—
so say no more about it, dear. ' You're a
sweet— but It's madness to think of it."
"And I bad," reported Psyche to
her mother that night, "such a
time getting . her to agree'. At first
she wouldn't listen at all. Then, after
I'd Just fairly begged her, she admitted
she might because she's taken such a
fancy to me arid hates to leave me— but
she was sensitive about what people
might say. I told "her they'd never have
a chance to say a word; and she was
anxious Perce shouldn't know, because
she says he's so cynical about New York
people since that Milbrey girl made such
a set for him; and at last she called me a
dear and consented, though she'd been
looking forward to a quiet summer. To
morrow early we start out for the shops."
So it came that the three members of
the Bines family pursued during the sum
mer their, respective careers of diversion
under conditions moat satisfactory to
each.
The steam yacht Viluca, , chartered by
Percival, was put Into commission early
in June. Her first cruise of ten days was
a signal triumph. His eight guests were
the men with whom he had played poker
so tirelessly during the winter. Perhaps
the moat illuminating log of that cruise
may be found In the reply of one of them
whom Percival Invited for another early
In July.
"Much obliged, old man, but I haven't
touched a drop now. in, over. three weeks.
My doctor ' says ' I must let it 'be for at
least two months, and I mean to stick
by him. Awfully kind of you. though!"
CHAPTER XXIV.
THE SIGHT OF A NEW BEAUTY, AND
SOME ADVICE FROM HIGBEE.
From the landing on a still morning in
late July, Mrs. Drelmer surveyed the fleet
of sailing and steam yachts at anchor in
Newport harbor. She was beautifully and
expensively gowned In nun's grey chiffon;
her toque was of chiffon and lace, and she
held a pale grey parasol. Its ivory handle
studded with sapphires. She fixed a glass
upon one of the white, sharp-nosed steam
yachts that* rode in the distance near
Goat Island.
"Can you tell me if that's the Viluca?"
she asked a sailor landing from a dinghy,
"that boat just astern of the big
schooner?"
"No ma'am; that's the Alta, Commcdote
Weckford." '
"Looking for some one?" inquired a
voice, and she turned to greet Fred Mil
brey descended the steps.
"Oh! good morning! yes; but they've
not come in, evidently. It's the Viluca—
Mr. Bines, you know; he's bringing his
sister back to me. And you?"
"I'm expecting the folks on Shepler's
craft. Been out two weeks now. and
were to have come down from New Lon
don last night. They're not in sight
either. Perhaps the gale last night kept
them back."-
Mrs. Drelmer glanced above to where
some one seemed to be waiting for him.
"Who's your perfectly gorgeous com
panion? You've been so devoted to her
for three. days that you've hardly bowed
to old friends. Don't you want her to
know any one?"
The young man laughed with an air of
great shrewdness.
"Come, now, Mrs. Drelmer, you're too
good a friend of Mauburn's— about his
marrying, I mean. You fixed him to
tackle me low the very first half of one
game we know about, right when I was
making a fine run down the field, too.
I'm going to have better interference thi3
time." ' )
"Silly! Your chances are quite as good
as his there this moment." ' •
"You may think so; I know better."
"And of course. In any other affair, I'd
never think of—"
"P'r'aps so; but I'd rather not chance
It Just yet." - •
"But who is she? What a magnificent
mop of hair. It's like that rich piece of
ore Mr. Bines showed us, with copper and
gold in it."
"Well, I don't mind telling you she's
the widow of a Southern gentleman.
Colonel Brench Wybert."
"Ah, indeed! I did notice that two-inch
band of black at the bottom of her ac
cordeon-plaited petticoat. I'll wager
that's a Rue de la Paix Idea of mourning
for one's dead husband. And she con
fides her grief to the world with such
charming discretion. Half the New York
women can't hold their skirts up as
daintily as she does it. I dare say, now.
her tears could be dried?— by the right
comforter?"
Milbrey looked important.
"And I don't mind telling you the late
Colonel Brench Wybert left her a fortune
made In Montana copper. Can't say how
much, but two weeks ago she asked the
governor's advice about where to put a
spare million and a half In cash. Not so
bad. eh?"
"Oh, this new plutocracy! Where do
they get it?"
"How old. now, should you say she
was?" ,
Mrs. Drelmer glanced up again at the
color-scheme of heliotrope seated in a vic
toria upholstered in tan brocade.
"Thirty-five. I should say— about."
"Just twenty-eight."
"Just about what I should say— she'd
say."
"Come now, you women can't help It,
can you? But you can't deny she's stun
ning?"
"Indeed I can't! She's a beauty— «nd.
good luck to you. Is that the Viluca com
ing in? No; it has two stacks; and It's
not your people because the Lotus is
black. I shall go back to the hotel. Bertie
Trafford brought me over on the trolley.
I must find him first and do an errand in
Thames street."
At the head of the stairs they parted.
Milbrey joining the lady who had waited
for him.
Hers was a person to gladden the eye.
Her figure, tall and fun, was of a grace
ful and abundant perfection of contours;
her face, precisely carved and showing
the faintly generous rounding of matur
ity, was warm in coloring, with dark eyes,
well shaded and languorous; her full lips
betrayed their beauty in a ready and
fascinating laugh; her voice was a rich,
warm contralto, and her speech bore just
a hint of th« 'soft r-less drawl of the
South.
She had blazed into young Mllbrey's
darkness one night in the palm-room of
the Hijrhtower Hotel, escorted by a
pleased and beefy youth of. his acquaint
ance, who later told him of their meeting
at the American embassy in Paris, and
who unsuspectingly presented him. Since
their meeting the young man had been
her abject cavalier. The elder Milbrey.
too, had met her at his son's suggestion.
He had been as deeply Impressed by her
helplessness in the matter of a million
and a, half dollars of idle funds as she
had been by his aristocratic bearing and
enviable position in New York society.
"Sorry to have kert you waiting. The
Lotus hasn't come in sight yet. Let's
loaf over to the beach and have some tall,
cold ones."
"Who was your elderly friend?" she
asked, as they were driven slowly up the
old-fashioned street.
"Oh! that's Joe Drelmer. She's not so
old, you know; not a -ay over 40, Joe
can't be; fine old stock; she was a Ley
' denbroek and her husband's family is one
of the very oldest in New York. Awfully
exclusive. Down to meet friends, but
they'd not shown up, either. That re
minds me: they're friends of ours, too.
and I must have you meet them. They're
from your part of the country— the
Bines."
"The— ah— " &
"Bines; family from Montana; decent
.enough sort; didn't know but you might
'have heard of them, being from your part
of the country." ->
"Ah, I never think of that vulgar West
as 'my part of the country' at all. My
part is dear old Virginia, where my fath
er. General Tirtver, and his father and
his father's father all lived the lives of
country gentlemen, after the family came
here from Devonshire. It was there Col
onel Wybert wooed me, though we later
removed to New Orleans." Mrs. Wybert
called It "New Aw-leens."
"But it was not until my husband be
came interested in Montana mines that
we ventured into that horrid West. So
do . remember not to confound me with
your Western— ah— Bones— was it notr"'
"No. Bines; they'll be here presently,
and you can meet them, anyway."
" "Is there an old fellow— a aueer old
character, with them?"
"No, only a son and daughter and a
mother." . ,
"Of course I aha'n't mind meeting
any mends or yours, sne saia, wuu
charming graciousness. "but, really,
I always understood that you Knicker
bockers were so vastly more exclusive.
I do recall this name now. I remember
hearing tales of the family In Spokane.
They're a type, you know, f One »«es
many of the sort there. They make a
strike In the mines and set up ridiculous
establishments regardless of expend. You
see them riding in their carriage* with
two rr.en in the box— red-hand<*d. grizzled
old vulgarians who've roughed It In the
mountains for twenty years with a park
mule and a ham and a piok-ax— with their
jug cf whisky-and their froway red-faced
wives decked out In Impossible finery.
Yes. I do recall this family. There is a
daughter, you say?"
"Yes; Miss Psyche Bines."
•'Psyche; ah, yes: it's the same family.
I recollect perfectly now. You know they
tell the funnust tales of them out there.
Her mother found the name 'Psyche' in
a book, and liked it, but she pronounced
it 'Pishy.' and so the girl was called until
she became old enough to go to school
and learned better."
•\Oear me: fancy now!"
"And there are countless tales of the
mother's sayings. Once a gentleman
whom they were visiting in San Fran
cisco was showing her a cabinet of curior.
'Now, don't you find the Pompelian fig
urines exquisite?' he asked her. The poor
creature, after looking around her help
lessly, declared that she did like them,
but that she liked the California nectar
ines better— they were so much jucier."
"You don't tell me: gad! that was a
good one. Oh, well, she's a meek, harm
less old soul, and really, my family's not
the snobbish sort, you know."
In from the shining sea late that after
noon steamed the Viluca. As her chain
was rattling through the hawse-hole,
Perdval. with his sister and Mauburn,
came on deck.
"Why. there's the Chicago— Hlgbee's
yacht."
"That's the boa* " said Mauburn, "that's
been piling the white water up in front
of her all afternoon trying to overhaul
us."
"There's Millie Higbee and old Silas,
now."
"And, as I live," exclaimed Psyche,
"there's the Baron de Paltiac between
them!" i
"Sure enough." cald her brother. "V, e
must call ma up to see him dressed in
those sweet, pretty yachting flannels. Oh.
there you are!" as Mrs. Bines Joined
them. "Just take this class and treat
yourself to a look at your old friend, the
baron. You'll notice he has one on— see—
they're wavine to us."
"Doesn't the baron look just too distin
guished beside Mr. Higbee?" said Psyche,
watching them.
"And doesn't Higbee look Just too Chi
cago beside the baron?" replied her
brother.
The Higbee craft cut her way grace
fully up to an anchorage near the Viluca,
and launches from both yachts now pre
pared to land their people. At the land
ing Percival telephoned for a carriage.
While they were waiting the Higbee party
came ashore. k .,„_...
"Hello!" said Higbee. "If I'd known
that was you we was chasing I'd have
put on steam and left you out of sight.'
"It's much better you didn't recognize
us; these boiler explosions are so messy."
"Know the baron here?" •
Of course we know the baron. Ah,
baron!"
"Ah, ha! very charmed, Mr. Bines and
Miss Bines; it is of a Ions time that we
are not encountered."
He was radiant; they had never before
seen him thus. Mrs. Higbee hovered near
him with an air of proud ownership.
Pretty Millie .Higbee posad gracefully at
her side. . ,, .
"This your carriage?" asked Higbee;
"I must telephone for one myself. Go
ing to the Mayson? So are we. See you
again to-night. We're off for Bar Harbor
early to-morrow."
"Looks as if there were something do
ing there." said Percival. as they drove
off the wharf.
"Of course, stupid!" said his sister;
"that's plain: only It Isn't doing. It's al
ready done. Isn't it funny, ma?"
"For a French person,'.' observed Mrs.
Bines, guardedly. "I always liked the
baron."
"Of course." said her son, to Mauburn 9
mystification, "and the noblest men on
this earth have to wear 'em."
The surmise regarding the Baron de
Palliac and Millie Higbee proved to ba
correct. Percival came upon Higbee In
the meditative enjoyment of his after
dinner cigar, out on the broad piazza.
"I s'posd you're on," he began; "tht
girl's engaged to that Frenchy."
"I congratulate him." said Percival,
heartily.
"A real baron," continued Higbee. "I
looked him up and made sure of that;
title's good as wheat. God knows that
never would 'a' got me, but the ma.da.ni
was set on It, and the girl too, and I had
to give In. It seemed to be a question of
him or some actor. The madam said I'd
had my way about Hank, puttin' his
poor stubby nose to, the grindstone out
there in Chicago, and makin' a plain In
significant .business man out of him, and
I'd ought to let her have her way with
the girl, being that I couldn't expect her
to go to work too. So Mil will work the
society end. I says to the madam, I says.
'All right, have your own way; and we'll
see whether you make more out of ths
girl than I make out of the boy,' I says.
But It ain't going to be all digging: up.
(Continued next Sunday.)
4
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
.^-sVJTfcv Has been * uccess-
r >rS ln * * c trea»es. ain*.
/T*6»r «r» *nd women of
¦*>«*» 23 fiCEE fashion for nor*
Kg* *• \r*j than 23 yean.
r£5 •• f Wh«wver applied
V3 75"/ !t ls Hwtmatly ab-
«-5 Z~f »orb«<I through th«
y pcrem of the ikla.
j& t an<1 1*» wonderful
\ nutrltloa feeds th«
g casting tissues.
*«¦* n£*^ . y* Ar If by made one
*¦ -1 07T7""* lk-A •PP"c*tlan oftea
tY_J'M._J;7 > »howlnc a remarlt-
* 1 E fj \>Sf \i able Improvement.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la positively
the only preparation known to medical ecleac*
that will round out hollowa in th» neck anl
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheek*, arms
and hands.
TOR DEVELOPING THE BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursins It has th«
hifbetft indorsement of physician*. Two boxea
U often auf Sclent to make the bust firm,
large and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AXD OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price, $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL. OFFER and
send us one dollar we will s«nd two (2) boxes.
In nla!n wrapper.
FDPF —A tampie box and our book.
l\ Lj L> " A r T of MASSAGE." fully II.
lustrated. will be sent free to any lady send-
ing 10 cents to pay for cost of xnaUlnr. Address
EH CHARLES CO.. 19 Park Pl»=». N»» York."We make too much mystery of electric
ity." says Charles P. Steinmetz. "We
really know more about It than we do
about other phenomena. Take gravity,
for Instance. Who knows what it is,
why It acts, and how? We do know how
to handle electricity, how to produce It,
how it acts through distance, and so on,
but no one knows why the earth attracts
the stone, always attracts it, and always
acts on it. Every one sees gravity act
and does not think anything about it, but
it seems a sort of fashion to regard elec
tricity as a great mystery. We even hear,
nowadays, that some scientists are trying
to prove that the mystery of life and
death is due to electricity. Our bodies
are dynamos, and not furnaces, they tell
us. Well, I do not think the case gia
proved. Electrical energy produces a pHy
elologlcal effect, but so do other forms of
energy. Life Itself is a form of energy,
but the relation of the two is not shown.
We do not know that the action of nerves
and muscles Is due to electricity. It is
an interesting theory, but still academic."
Too Much Mystery Is Made of Elec
tricity.
"Great!" was Hazard's feeling com
ment. "But who In thunder Is that man
standing at the window?" And he
strained his eyes toward the great hoteL
Then he turned to her with an expres
elon of pleased and Innocent surprise.
"By Jove! it's me!"
"It looked so homely and inviting, I
suppose, that I couldn't resist it," he ex
plained, as he noticed the warm flush
rising in her cheeks, while she tapped
the polished floor with the steel in a
nervous, embarrassed way.
In a moment she had recovered her
self.
"Slute you are in I hope you like the
divans and the low table and the books
and pictures. Please notice, too. that
things are within reach. It doesn't look,
does it. as if I were trying to live up to
my fortune, or suggest that I have
stopped to think what Mrs. Lofty would
have done under similar circumstances?"
"Not a bit," he assured her heartily,
while the peculiar compression of the lips
of an old gentleman sitting next them
Indicated suppressed amusement.
"Well, come on, then! Now this room,
"It ees vanish, n'est pas?" she mim
icked. "Behold In Its place, my House of
the Loving Heart! I think the name es
pecially telling, since it Is eituated, as
you Bee. on what we might call the Street
of the Love of Money.
"I hope you see the house plainly. The
6tyle 13 a sort of modified Italian, with
a projecting cornice and an Inner court."
Hazard nodded.
"Don't you think the boxes of hyacinths
In the windows and the big, low entrance
gives it a friendly look? That Is what
I aim at oartlcularly." she explained
with well-feigned anxiety," "a friendly
looking house!"
"Have I ever told you about mine?"
He shook his bead.
She pointed out through the window
with the point of her foil in the direction
cf the great dark hotel which frowned
down upon them.
"I am Jasper Clark," he said simply,
and at that name they both stared at him
in amazement; "I know you'll forgive an
old man for listening." Then with a bow
he continued, whimsically: "I should very
much like the pleasure of your company
at dinner— that is, when this 'exclusive
reception* is over." he finished with ad
mirable mimicry of her irony of a few
moments before as he' made a gesture
toward the Millionaires' Club over the
way. "You see the time may come when
I shall want to enter that quiet little
door on Fifty-eighth street," and he
glanced with kindly eyes at the future
mistress of tne House of the Loving
Heart.
time that he got no further, and besides
the old gentleman was standing before
them.
"No one wants you to turn her out,
I'm sure. But I don't see why she can't
live In the city with your brother?"
"I— I must go In," she said.
"Not until you've mentioned what you
have against my mother," and he deliber
ately barred her way.
Martha's temper rose. "I wouldn't
live with her for a farm!" she cried.
"She's as still as death. I like to sing,
and laugh, and make a cheerful clatter,
but your mother's house Is as silent as
a tomb. You can hear a pin drop there
any time."
Philip ' heaved a great sigh of relief.
"Mother wouldn't object. to your clatter,"
he said smilingly. - 'as that all?"
"All? Isn't that enough? Besides, I
don't believe In living In the same house
with my mother-in-law/'
Philip's face clouded. "I can't turn my
mother out, even to please you, Martha,"
he said. : v
This year it was later than usual. Mrs.
Lindsley had finished house cleaning
when he climbed the steep bill road that
led to the old Raymond homestead. It
was early in the evening, and Martha was
busy among her flower beds. 8he looked
up with a conscious smile when the little
gate clicked behind him. •'.¦'
"Good evening, Phil," she said, "did
you come to get some violets?"
"No," . he replied bluntly, "I came to
set you. Can't I. Martha?"
"Not if I must live with your mother,
Phil." she said with an air of finality.
To her surprise he did not, as before,
turn dejectedly away. There was a de
termined look In his eyes, before which
she trembled.
cause of Philip's woe. Every year he had
said, "Martha," won't ' you marry me
now?" and Martha had replied, "Not If I
must live with your •mother, Phil."
Strange to say, he had never asked her
to be more explicit; he had no idea of her
reason for refusing to live with his moth
er. It was enough for him that she re
fused.
One beautiful Sabbath morning In June Martha Raymond sat
on the broad doorstep waiting for the "first bell" to ring for
church. Her brother and his wife and little daughter wer«
visiting her. Ruth was to accompany her to church.
The child was playing In the old-fasn
ioned garden, where larkspurs and roses
ran wild. Martha called her. and she
came running up with her hands full of
blossoms.
"Pitty Towers." she said. "Ruf© put
some In Aunt Marfa's hair." and she
climbed up on the broad stone and peeped
roguishly Into Martha's face.
"Only the blue flowers, dearie— the- lark
spurs. Auntie doesn't wear red In her
hair."
"Yeth." lisped the sweet baby voice,
"pltty b'u Towers In auntie's hair/' and
she tucked a crimson rambler among tha
soft red colls. Then she slipped her lit
tle hand Into Martha's and they went to
church together.
Philip and his mother sat directly be
hind them. The old lady looked inquir
ingly at the little child, but Philip's eyes
sought Martha's hair. Just as they had
done In vain for two lone years. He
half rose from his seat, for there waa
the blessed red signal at last. He rub
bed his eyes and looked again, and when
the minister read. "What went ye out
to see?" he murmured, "A red flower, ot
course." His mother laid a reproving
hand on his arm. "Hush." she whispered,
just as she had whispered years ago to
the restless youngster beside her.
Early that afternoon he climbed the hill
road. Martha's brother answered his
knock. She was In the garden with little
Ruth, he said. He found them there
among the roses and larkspurs.
"Martha," he cried, hurrying down the
gravel path, "how can I thank you,
dear?"
"Thank me?" she said tremulously, "for
what. PhUlp?"
"For wearing this." and he took the
withered r«d rose from her hair.
Her eyes opened wide with surprise. "I
didn't know it was there," she faltered.
"I guess Ruth did It."
"Yeth." the baby lisped. "I dess I did
— pitty b'u Tower."
Philip's face fell. 'So it's all a mis
take," he said sadly.
But Martha put her arms around her
little niece and held her close.
"Tell him," she said, "that Auntie's
glad you put the pretty T>'u Tower* in her
hair."
was on Philip. "He will go to see Martha now.- they tald to
me another. But Philip did not climb the hill road. He had
looked in vain for red flowers in Martha's hair.
fearful responsibility that is. It's worse than servants! You
tave to employ beauty doctors and have little pot* of greasy
etuff about. You should eee Mrs. Lofty's supply. It is Im
mense."
Hazard Eiailed in an absent way. and then began with the air
I a man who is weigh ; ng his words: "If you really prefer a
castle in Spain to anything—" *
She cut him short.
-Have I ever told y ou about mine?"
comes to criticize every one else."
They looked at each other and broke
Into long and merry laughter. Hazard's
worldUness had vanished like a cloud.
'"It's a great Idea, sweetheart," he said
softly, "and I'd like to work to make it
come true. Would you let me— do you
think "
But the blushes were so violent this
and deliberately 'wreck his own " tram.
There was a straight track for three miles
on the further side of Benson, and the
engineer of the passenger would see the
wreck In ample time to come to a stop.
This plan. If carried out. would prob
ably mean death for Jimmie. but he
analyzed the situation none the less coolly
because of that. Death is something that
engineers get accustomed to facing. But
if he could only discover some way of
letting Nettle know the condition of af
fairs! It would be an easy matter for her
to the derailing switch after he had
passed and allow the rear half of the
train to come to a safe haven In the corn
field beside the track.
Down at the station Nettie heard a
sound which sent her rushing out to the
platform. Away up the hill she could see
a freight train coming down at a terrific
rate of speed. The whistle cord seemed
to be In the hands of a lunatic, for the
whistle was sounding in strange, unearth
ly shrieks. As she watched' It something
struck her as being strangely familiar
about the way the whistle was sounding.
All of a sudden It struck her that there
was method in them, and that, interpret
ed by the Morse code, they were saying.
"BN, BN, BN," her station call. This
was continued for a few seconds, and
then began, "Broke In two. Throw de
railing switch when first section Is past
station." Three times this was repeated
and then the engine went around the
curve at the further end of the loop and
she could hear the whistle only faintly.
But she had heard enough and when
Jimmie's engine whizzed past the station,
with his white face ¦ pressed closely
against the glass at the side of the en
gine cab, he saw Nettie standing at the
switch. When the last car in the part of
the train which still remained Intact had
passed the frog he saw her throw all her
weight on the switch handle and the sig
nals told him that every one of the cars
which were following ' him would pile
themselves ungracefully, ' but harmlessly
on the soft earth of the cornfield. Bring
ing his ingine to a stop he ran back to
the station and on to the siding In ample
time to let the passentrer train pass him.
Briefly, when the resultant row cleared.
Jimmie was a full-fledged engineer, and
a month later the railroad lost the tele
graph operator at Benson Station and
Jimmie got a wife.
So things went along for a year and
Jimmie's prospects of promotion got little
brighter. On the records of the office of
the superintendent of motive power he
was still merely James Kincaid, -fourth
on* the list of firemen, with a good repu
tation and the prospect of succeeding to
an engine In the course of five or six
years. When business picked up in the
fall a number of extra fjreight trains
were put on and he got his first chance
to run an engine.
On the first trip It fell to his lot to
take out the third section of freight train
No. 106, east bound. Tne . third section
of No. 106 was made up of thirty-one
heavily loaded cars and_ none of these
were equipped with air ' brakes. As he
pulled out of Adairville the old yard mas
ter swung hlmsett up Into the cab of the
engine and said:
"I think ye'll pull the engine all right.
Jimmie, me bye, but for the love of the
saints be careful when you strike the
top of the hill this side of Benson. Faith,
it's a heavy train they've given ye. and
If It should break In two going down that
hill and thlm cyars with no air brakes
on to them, there'll be the devil and all
to pay."
Despite this warning, there was no fear
of a "break in two" In Jimmie's heart as
he nursed his engine along toward the
top of the hill on the other side of which
lay Benson. This Is an accident which
happens very rarely, and which not even
the most experienced engineer can suc-
jokes stopped. Even the head brakeman
of No. 14, who had a reputation aa a wit.
forebore to make remarks about the con
nection between the Morse coda and pret
ty girls.
Benson Station li at the foot of
"Twelve-Mile Hill." and this hill Is re
garded by the engineers as the worst
place on the division. The grade is so
heavy that the track winds up the hill
In two long loops. When you get to the
beginning of the second loop you are
only a mile from Benson Station on a
straight line, but it is six miles distant
by the track. After he had mastered the
rudiments of the Morse code Jimmie
would take hold of the whistle cord when
No. H came to the loop on the down
grade and signal "Hello" to Nettie at
Benson Station In sharp blasts upon the
whistle which stood for the dots and
dashes of the code.
, From Art Photograph by Lawrence F. Terkelaon, Chief Operator at BushnelTs.
"SHE SANK DOWN UPON" ONE OP THE CUSHIONED BENCHES IN THE FASHIONABLE GYMNA8IUIL*
(Copyright^ 1903. by T. C. McClure.) "/
T ) — 7^ Z¥~A T . was -the general un
[$ifl?SSp^M?l derstandlng among all
suSraS^ll? the em P lo > e ' s of the
I-awrenceburg division
"'^^H^^'i of the X< and Y * R- R '
I ¦ /kv^§2 sS'iA' la that when JInimic
I i/^gKi^J'/^KJ Kincaid got his engine
!¦¦ !¦¦ '""iVi ffll he would also get Net
tie Oliver. But Jimmie's chance for get
ung an engine in the near future did not
seem particularly bright. He was fourth
on the list or firemen of the Lawrence
burg division, and that meant He must
wait until four engineers died, reached
the age limit or were fired. Of course
there was always the chance that he
would be able to do something to attract
the attention of the superintendent of mo
tive power and then he might get his en
gine at any time.
In the meantime Nettie had a fairly
good position as telegrapher at Benson
Station and Jimmle could get k chance to
chat with her for a few minutes every
day when his train, passenger No. 14. laid
over on the siding' at Benson to allow the
Limited Mail to pass. When he had be
gun scraping an acquaintance with Net
tie, something more than a year before.
Jimmie had used the pretext that he was
thinking of learning telfgraphy, and un
der her tutorship he had picked up a fair
working knowledge of the Morse code.
Many a sly Joke did the train crew of
No. 14 crack at Jimmie's suddenly born
ambition to learn telegraphy, but he bore
all of these with equanimity and said
that the knowledge might come In handy
some time. After awhile it became un
derstood among all the men that Jimmie's
case was really serious and then the
(Copyright. 1003. by T. C. McClure.
r^zzj-^— _ •„ — J HE Idea of any wise
i^pTSfiSST? | person caring for mon-
I -W IlvS**? €y ' «*P ecI * llv »n New
i *A\ Vf //-i* T York," she gibed, a-i
, "jTSa Sj v^~^, the tank down upon
NCV X r^W cne of the cushioned
| ; £^«3gsu\ ' I enches In the bis wln
i^g»=a* 1 Bt!$ B «Jp flow of the fashionable
pyrr.r.asium overlooking the park and al
mcst contemptuously watched the car
riage* hurrying feverishly after one an
other, as if happiness lay at th« other
end. or else rolling sadly back again as if
to Indicate that it was not there, after
all.
Hazard turned an astonished face to
ward her.
"You're guying!" he observed. disap
provingly. "New York's the place where
or.e needs it most — every one knows
that."
"Even' one!" she. echoed with scorn,
making quick lunges with her foil at an
Imaginary foe. without disturbing the pic
turesque lines of her pose. "And why?
Simply because 'every one' is suffering
from ihe greed of possession! They want
to possess— not to enjoy. They buy— buy
—buy! Th»*n they put what they have
bought lato a safe ' deposit vault and
hurry off to Europe, where they begin ail
over again. There's' one of them now!"
And she nodded gayly in response to a
bow from a lady in a passing victoria.
"Who is It?" asked Hazard, laconically.
"Mrs. Lofty." laughed the girl, following the disappearing
carriage with derfsiv e e y es . -p O or thing!"
"Then you'd rather be Elsie Sherwln. student of art and
fencing, and sit here with a poor, young lawyer, than to be
Mrs. Lefty, would you?" he asked, watching a lock of hair
•which had blown softly across her cheek.
"I certainly would." she relied with promptness. "She never
hat er.y time for enjoyment or cultivation or reading, or— or
anything that counts." she ended vaguely. "You see, she has
responsibilities! There are the servants — of couse, I don't need
to tell you about the a-w fulness of the servants! Then there is
her house— ore of those frarful places that just grips you by
the throat when you rr.tf-r and throttles you."
She passed for breath and tested the temper of her weapon
with a reminiscent expression. Then she continued:
"You feel as if s.^me one has Just died — or perhaps 'demised*
Tv-ouid be more in accord with the furnishing."
"But one doesn't need to do such things with money," her
companion ir.t<rru;>tea with argumentative intention.
"No. -I don't suppose one does. And yet. they generally do.
Yon see, noblesse oblige feens to demand that when you have
a million or upward you copy one of the royal palaces of Eu
rope ar.d live your poor little republican life in it, though I'm
pure I don't know why," she finished thoughtfully.
"Still, money is a ~r>od thirg and you can't say that it Isn't.
A follow mi:»: i'.avc decent clothes, and It strikes me that that
simple little gymnasium soft that you are wearing especially
for this small ami select recep'io" cost"— he screwed his face
up in the pffort at ap;->rai.<emt r.t—^fcbout $100."
"Only $~." s:.e correct* d. and returned to her subject some
what hurriedly.
another thiric When you're rich, you just have to
have a complexion
no mere man
can know what a
which has everything: beautiful and use
ful and comfortable that I could find to
put into it. is for my heart-sick and dis
couraged friends. Some of them I shall
not have met before. But in some way
—I don't know how— they will find their
way to this little door (It opens quietly
on Fifty-eighth street, you see), and I
shall cheer them up."
"Leave care bohind. all those who en
ter here/* he murmured, as if he were
reading an inseriotion.
The girl laughed in a p!ea*ed way. and
whipped the air with her weapon until
It fairly fans.
"Excellent! A public sympathizer is
really what we need. I believe as many
people fail from a lack of sympathy and
encouragement as from lack of ability."
She had grown suddenly earnest, and
her eyes filled with tears. Hazard leaned
toward her in real distress, forgetting
everything— the merry clatter of the other
fencing girls, the old gentleman who sat
near them and the swift moving panorama
outside— in his amazement over this un
expected revelation of such depth of feel
ing In this girl who had been so long re
garded as whimsical, almost cynical.
"So Billy of me," she began, with a
little shake in her voice: "but there hav<
been tome rough places— places where
Mrs. Lofty, for instance, has looked or
from her luxurious life and said, 'I hop<
you'll get on ail right. Good-by. dear!
and left me with loneliness ami discour
agement eatir.g my heart, and I hav<
felt that in my House of the Lovlnf
Heart I should like to have it different!'
The old man shifted himself around sc
as to get a better view of the girl's face
But neither of the young people notlcec
him. and she began her description onc<
more.
"These bedrooms are the best in tht
house. I Intend them for my poor friends
Still, I have Indulged In small econonre?
Now. for instance, in these rooms"— am
with a wave of the hand she ushered hin
into another imaginary suite— "ihe fip
pointments. though very comfortable
are less luxurious. In thtse I shall Instal
my rich friends when they visit me."
An unmistakable churkle escaped fron
the old gentleman, and Hazard and Mia
Sherwin turned in his direction in sur
prise. But he was bowing to the occu
pant of a belated carriage, all uncon
sclnus. apparently, of their existence.
"I shall entertain a good deal for
my poor friends— give them a chance
to meet Interesting people and get out
of the ruts of their work-a-day lives,"
Miss Sherwin resumed. "But the rich
ones"— her eyes were dancing mis
ihievously—"I shall ask only on
I rdinary occasions when I am
I aving simple, wholesome din
i ers that won't make them dis
jontented with their lot, or ex
iiusive receptions like these a)
?he 'gym.' where everybody
cessfully guard against. But as ha struck
the top of the hill and began to descend
on the side toward Benson he felt a
Jerk which. nearly threw him off his seat.
Looking back, he saw that the worst had
happened. A coupling had snapped In the
middle of the train.
For the present there was but one thing
to do, and that was to go down grade
as fast as he could. Looking back, he
could ' see that the rear brakeman, who
was the only man on the cars which
had been left behind, had made one Inef
fectual attempt to . set the brakes and
then had jumped to safety. Jimmie knew
that if the fourteen cars running wild
behind caught up with the forward half
of the train there would be & wreck,
which would cause damage to the extent
of thousands of dollars and blacklist, If
not kill, the engineer responsible.
Faster and faster the telegraph poles
on the side of the track flew past him.
Jlmmie's mind was working faster than
it had ever done In his life. His orders
directed him to lay over on the siding at
Benson Station for the westbound pas-
Eenger train to pass, and he knew that
at any cost he must save the passenger.
Away oft to the further side of Benson
he could already see the faint line of
smoke coming up from it, and he knew
that it would arrive at Benson in Just
about ten minutes.
He figured that his
own train was going
about a mile a min
ute and would reach
Benson in seven min
utes. If no alterna
tive offered Itself he
resolved to put vnj
E l 1 brakes A
when he got
to the foot
of the hill
-
(Copyright. 1003. by T. C. McClure.
k j — S—-H Q* Martha- Raymond
I • S§S\3/Ksh5C B a 'n't changed none
i* "\n s ' nco 8ne was ' ce P t
VI fl t0 get re<3<Jer headed."
A?S^| Y-. H the village dressmaker
I v >«r^3 ?l) K" * aid t0 Deecon Llnd8 "
ia—^sssacsacsimgj "I don't know," Mrs.
Lindeley replied. "Seems to me she's
more independent than ever since her pa
and ma died."
"Think so? Well, she's still on the sunny
side of 35. and got more taste than any
young girl in town. She never wears red
next to her hair— always black or ;white,
or green. I tell you an artist don't un
derstand colors better'n Martha does. I
wonder if Phil Gardner's proposed to her
yet this spring?"
"I guess not; it's usually a little later'n
this he asks' her— 'bout when I'm half
through house cleanin'."
Every one in the village knew that
Philip Gardner annually proposed to Mar
tha Raymond, and was annually rejected,
but only v the reject
or and the rejected
knew that old Mrs.
Gardner wm th«
"Mother can't sleep when she's there:
It's too notsy."
"That's It. I should have to keep still
all tha time, and I'd set my heart on
having: a canary, and a piano, and one
of those talking machines-, when I was
married."
Philip smiled sadly. "If you change
your mind about mother." he said, "you
can let me know: otherwise I'll not ask
you asrain."
Marina laughed scornfully. "I'm not
likely to change my mind." she said.
"When t do, you'll 3eo me wearinc ted
flowers in my hair— and you know I'll
never do that."
A year went by and spring came
again, but Philip, to the astonishment of
the entire village, did not ."go courtin'
Martha Raymond." The dressmaker ex
claimed over the fact when she wa3 sew
ing for Mrs. Llndsley:
"I declare," she said. "I believe Martha
kind of misses it; when I was sewin" for
her last week she seemed dreadful quiet
like. I noticed she didn't sing much
neither."
"Serves her right for givin' Philip the
mitten bo often. I heard Widow Ram
sey's son had been'goln' there some."
"Yes, but she wouldn't give no encour
agement, for she said he
¦wasn't good to his moth
er. She says a man that
ain't considerate of his
mother won't be con
siderate of his
wife."
Another spring
came, and every eye
By William .Walter HiQes.
By Keith Gordon.
By Harriett G. Caofield.
HOW JIMMIE GOT
HIS ENGINE
IN THE HOUSE OF
THE LOVING HEART
BY THE HAND OF
Ji H 1 1 LtL LtllLU
WATCH FOR. THE
"REL MOUNTAIN WEDDING 99
NLXT SUNDAY CALL.
THE SUNDAY. CALL.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S
FASCINATING
HALF-HOUR STORIETTES
5fif|fe=sp5I OYS arc constantly writing me for advice about how to succeed, and when I send
them my receipt they sa y that * am dealin & Ollt commonplace generalities. Of
PrS^^vl course * am > but tnat 's what the receipt calls for, and if a boy will take these com
. l^i llljRpb monplace generalities and knead them into his job, the mixture'll be cake.
T^P^±!!^»J Once a fellow's got the primary business virtues cemented into his character
he's safe to build on. But when a clerk crawls yito the office in the morning like
a sick setter pup, and leaps from his stool at night with the spring of a tiger, I'm a little afraid that if
I sent him to take charge of a branch house- he wouldn't always be around when customers were.
He's the sort of a chap who would hold back the sun an hour every morning and have it gain two
every afternoon if the Lord would give him the same discretionary powers that he gave Joshua.
And I have noticed that he's the fellow who invariably takes a timekeeper as an insult. He's pretty
numerous in business offices ; in fact, if the glance of the human eye could affect a ciock-face in the
same way that a man's country cousins affect their city' welcome, I should have to buy a new time
piece for the office every morning.
Boys are a good deal like the pups that fellows sell on street corners — they don't always turn
out as represented. You buy a likely setter pup ancj raise a spotted coach dog from it, and the prom
ising son of aii; honest butcher is just as like as not to turn out a poet or a professor. I want to say in
passing that I have no real prejudice against poets, but t believe that, if you're going to be a Milton,
there's nothing like being a mute, inglorious one, as some fellow who was a little sore on the poetry
business once put it. Of course, a packer who understands something about the versatility of cotton
seed oil need never turn down orders "for lard because the run of hogs is light, and a father who un
derstands human nature can turn out an imitation pacson from a boyVhom the Lord intended to go
on the Board of Trade. But on general principles it's best to^give your cottonseed oil a Latin name
and to market it on its merits, and to let your boy follow his bent, even if it leads him into the wheat
You vc got to believe that the Lord made the first hog with the Graham brand burned in the
skin, and that the drove which rushed down a steep place was packed by a competitor: You've got.
to know your goods from A to Izzard, from snout to tail, on the hoof and in the can. You've got-to
know 'em like a young mother knows baby talk, and to be as proud of 'em as the young father of a
twelve-pound boy, without really thinking that you're stretching it fbur pounds. You've got to be-»
lieve in yourself and make your buyers take stock in you at par and accrued interest. You've got to
have the scent of a bloodhound for an order and the grip of a bulldog on a customer. You've got to
feel the same personal solicitude over abill of goods that strays off to a competitor as a parson over
a backslider, and hold special services to bring it back into the fold. You've got to get up every morn
ing with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. You've got to eat hog, think hog,
dream hog— in short, go thewhole hog if.you're going to win out in the pork-packing" Business. -
. , : That s a pretty liberal receipt, I know, but it's intended for a fellow who wants to make a good
sized pie. And the only.thing you ever find in pastry that'you don't put in yourself is flies.
rard^ r To''^ubHThfr^ n Rn,fon f *M^ Mercbant to His Son." by George Horac* Lorlmer. By permission of Small. May
nard &. Co., publishers, Boston. Mass. , , "I
This Is the Fourth of a Series of These Famous "Letters
From a Self-Made Merchant to His Son" Pierrepont,
Which Have Created a Tremendous Sensation
Both in America and Europe, to Be
Printed in The Sunday Call. It
Is a "f aste!' ' oh "Success."
sia uninterruptedly stretchc
That forecast has a false air of specious originality which
we hasten to disavow. It is but a rearrangement of the
prophecies of Napoleon. "Prussia," the Emperor predicted,
"will develop into a Germany reconstituted. ¦"¦¦ Butt her ex
istence will be brief. Anarchy will throw her, back where
PASTELS IN PORK.
she started from. Austria will crumble, Spain, divested of
her colonies will turn Portuguese. The role of France will
be purely intellectual. Italy will become united and null. Su
premacy will be divided between England, mistress of
Africa, and Russia, established at the Golden Horn."
Napoleon was speaking of to-morrow — of that chartless
) to-morrow of which the future has charge, or rather of
\ that immovable present in which coming events unfold and
in which he appears to have foreseen Bismarck, perhaps Sa
gasta, indubitably Chamberlain, certainly Garibaldi, but not
the fall of the Dragon and the rise of the Stars and Stripes.
Or, if he did, he omitted to say so. That omission it is
but a duty to supply.
The Dragon, somnolent, yet watchful, for ages has
guarded the walls of Cathay. That Dragon Russia must
i captivate. Should she fail she must take a back seat. Be
' hind the walls is the gorgeousness of gold, mines richer and
' deeper than those of Ormuzd*and the Ind. Russia is none
> too well off; Russia is none too strong, either. Behind
> those walls there vare, in addition to wealth, all the elements
| necessary for the production of a fighting force innumerable
I and superb. The extent of the population, and, as a conse
( quence, the possibilities of that force, China herself does
not know. But Russia does, and, being semi-Asiatic, knows,
1 too, how to deal with both, which is more than can be said
of England. Then. also. China leans to Russia. They are
I natural affinities— what Goethe called Wahlverwandtschaften
, — Arcades ambo, as some one else remarked^ Moreover,
there is the gold. The mineral resources of China, as yet
' barely scratched, are the greatest on earth.
> Minerals are the basis of modern industry. Our local
> production leads the world. We do not need those oi
> China. Russia does; other countries as well. These are
I the plums in the grab-bag. Their possession mean3 eco
( nomic supremacy in the days that Napoleon foresaw. For
that possession war is persumable.
War is humanity's normal condition. On the front page
' of the first history two brothers stand face to face. Their
i ideas conflict. One kills the other. The brothers arc suc
i ceeded by tribes. There are tents and passions. There are
i clans, races, nations, empires. But always the conflict of
i ideas, always the scramble that ensues.
The history of the world is a bulletin of battle. The
' lesson which it disengages is the .right of might The Ro-
I mans expressed it in two"~"words — Vae Victis. They were
i terse; they were also correct. The criterion of war is the
, result. In it there is, save for casuists, no question of jus-
( tice or of injustice. There is a questio:n merely of victory
and defeat. Either makes for peace, but not for its perma
' nence. Such peace would pass all understanding.
1 War is. the paradox of jurisprudence. It sanctions that
1 which is forbidden, honors that which is penalized, and re
\ wards that which is reproved. It is an extralegal proceed
l ing, in which murder is glorified and the scaffold is replaced
I by the triumphal arch. It is all these things, and other3 be
. sides. It is hell, it is sport; but it is humanity's normal
condition.
* When the war- for the grab-bag occurs it will for sheer
1 splendor exceed anything that the world has beheld. For
> a parallel students will hunt from Marathon to Manila. They
i will hunt in vain. Beside it the Franco- Prussian argument
. will dwindle into the proportions of a street row and the
; Trojan episodes into a scuffle. The contestants will rcfur
» bish geography, tear out whole pages and set them up
i anew. There will be the totter f f thrones, the reversal of
i dynasties, the disruption of kingdoms, the effacement of
nations, the passing of the Dragon, the fall of Iran, the sub
sidence of the Crescent, the glow of the sables and the re
modeling of the map.
That remodeling which Napoleon foresaw and which
Russia will oversee is demonstrable not through any gift
which we do j not possess of reading the future, but
through the ability which every one enjoys of construing
the past. It will be in the order of things; in accordance
with a natural law which gives to every dog his day and
every dynasty her night. It will be a logical, evolutionary
and, though revolutionary, too, will, when accomplished,
be accepted, arthe inevitable always is.
For nothing suffices unto itself. A nation is not an ex
ception. A nation resembles love — when it does not in
crease, it diminishes. In the destiny of nations but one thing
is constant, and that is change. What happened to the an
cient monarchies? First Greece, then Rome surpassed
'them. Where is the glory of the one, the grandeur of the
other ? Spain usurped them. Then came England's turn.
The turn of Russia is coming. So is ours.
A century ago, barring a stretch or two here and there,
Spanish rule was dominant over the lower and longer por
tion of theAmericas. Barring an island or two, that rule
extended over the West Indies. In addition Spain pos
sessed hereabouts a number of provinces that are ours to
day. Ultimately the rest will be ours also. We may not
want them, and at present certainly we do not. but we can
not interfere with the law of gravitation. That law will
precipitate Canada upon us. In its wake will come the El
Dorados of the Caribbean, the kingdoms of the departed*
Incas, the monarchies of the Aztecs that are gone. Then
from Alaska to Araucania the flag of the United States of
the Three Americas will float over a union extending from
pole to pole.
The pity is that we shall none of us be here to see it.
But those among the quick will behold the dominion of
the earth shared by two powers, one ruling the Old World
from the Baltic, the other from the Atlantic ruling the New.
There, at least, is the horoscope which every self-respect
ing astrologer must deduce, not merely from the Bear ia
the China Shop and the Napoleonic "predictions, but from
the influences of the Stars, and, particularly, of the Stripes.
Meanwhile Russia has been to us a civil neighbor and a
good friend. Other nations may object to her push, but
there istio reason why they should show their teeth over
our shoulder. There is still less reason why we should un
dertake to interfere. The plums in our garden are big
enough to compensate for any deficit in the grab-bag out
there. .
To Stamboul Persia on the west gives access. To the
cast it provides a base from which to move on India. Hence
its strategic importance. To-day, along the Oxus. beyond
the almond groves of Samarcand. down Jit Hindustan,
masses of Cossacks arc peering. Anything else than peering
would mean war. and at present war is one of the Jew
things that Russia does not want. But once China is hers
the knell of Turkey and ultimately of India, will be ringing.
Everything being possible, perhaps when that day comes
it will be found that from Christianfa to Yeddo. and diag
onally from Spitzbergen to Cape Comorin the sables of Rus-
In the cities of Cathay there once were sewers perfectly <
and prodigiously contrived. In Peking to-day -the streets are i
cesspools. In them drown men and beasts. As the streets, (
so the executive. The Flowery Kingdom is a pretty name, {
but lilies that fester smell worse than weeds. The need there
of landscape gardeners, and particularly of practical plum- '
bers, is generally understood, but nowhere so thoroughly as <
on the Nevski Prospect. (
To that appreciation recent festivities are due. After a (
breakfast at Batoum, a surprise party at Mcrv, an al fresco
fete on the Amoor, a banquet at Ncuchwang and the waltz
through Manchuria, now, presently, weather permitting. <
there will follow a grand cotillon in the Yangtse Valley J
with, for a wind-up, a series of state dinners in Peking. \
Such is the Russian programme. Such, rather, is part (
of it Such, too, is the meaning of her saraband. In the
progress of her festivities she has advanced from the Urals
to the Pacific. A few centuries ago she was an insignificant '
monarchy. Her territories now cover one-seventh of the 1
land surface of the globe. Yesterday thCnorthcrn half of I
Asia was within her claws; to-day Manchuria is there be- i
sides. |
Manchuria the has been invited by the powers to vacate.
In September, she says, she will do so.. Perhaps she may,
but only to return. That return is inevitable. It is part of '
her policy. It is part of her destiny. Both are as unstay- !
able as the wind at her back. - (
Somebody said that England conquered half the globe in
a fit of absentmindedness. A fit of abstraction would per- '
haps be more exact. Where England has abstracted Russia !
has absorbed. She has absorbed- steadily, with remarkable'
dvility and without hardly striking a blow. Her policy — 1
ever forward — is one which there is no change of adminis- 1
tration to alter, no incoming government to reverse. As (
fuch H is constant, and, incidentally, the most successful that ,
diplomacy knows. It consists in considering always the end^
never the means; in turning treaties into memoranda of*
agreements that are not to be kept; in retreating, the better*
to advance; in being never in a hurry, but in getting there (
all the same. That is what she is doing now in Manchuria: {
Manchuria is the key to China. That key once Russia's,
for keeps, so is Peking as well. Then, after a state dinne? in
the Forbidden City, others will follow, .notably, though of
course not immediately, in Stamboul, Delhi and Ispahan. 1
Already the Shah of Persia— the Shah-an-Shah, King « f \
Kings, Regent of the Prophet— is to Russ'a but a smlcr in
jelly. The winged bulls that on the Persepolian plain still
guard the ruins of the palaces of Xerxes and of Darius arc 1
impotent to release him. He may turn from the divan to '
the mosque, from Saadi to the Koran, from bulbuls to '
Krupps — he is doomed. And doomed, too, sooner or later, I
¦will be that other Regent of the Prophet who rules in Stam- <
bonl.
I\^f^~~**"4 USSIAN festivities in the East continue.
J-X^lSn^wttCiM e latest grab at the Celestial grab-bag
' ' V-fs(^3^ftt u revives a subject of which few know any
i)l^«? a t^ 1^ n o. and we least of all. But behind it
f u f*S'^/'KXft arc sc vcr sl thing? — the future of the
jl^^j^^i^g world, Jhe remodeling of the map, and
l*B»™ H "^BHi9 perhaps, too, certain information which
the press does not provide.
There is China's age, for instance. We do not \ know,,
how old she is. Nobody does; , she does not know herself.
Yet in a land where roses have no perfume and women no
petticoats, where paradox is commonplace and everything
goes by contraries, it follows that dates can hardly be pre
served,
Information concerning China's age may therefore never 1
be reached, and would not be of inordinate value if it were, i
But what is curious is the fact that while we cannot com-i
pute her year's we cannot compute her population either.
What is more curious still, she is no wiser than we are. One '
thing, however, is obvious. There are enough Chinese and 1
to spare. Another thing quite as obvious is that any con- 1
tempt we may have for them is flattery by comparison to <
their contempt for us. That point is entirely too agreeable ,
to be omitted. Besides, it is important.
China is an old harridan. She may conceal her age, but
not her rank. She is the dowager of nations, the eldest of '
realms. Anterior to every monarchy and indifferent to all, <
she has sat in history aloof, her skirts of silk about her, in \
an attitude of supreme disdain. Besides her arts and wiles j
those of dead Greece and buried Rome were the creations of ,
yesterday. Before Troy, before Nineveh, before Memphis,
before chronicles began, China was. The fact, always inter
esting, recent events render momentous. In the fate of the
earth's most ancient and contemptuous nation resides that^
little thing which, for lack of a better term, is called the fu-l
ture of the world. j
Yes, indeed; China at present is a buffer State between'
two powers. As such, one does not need to be a prophet to \
assume that should she become Russian India will follow, '
Asia will be Muscovite, and ultimately Europe as well. i
Behind Russia is the north wind. Where that sweeps \
bulwarks must be high and stanchions strong to withstand,
it. The solidity of the walls which England and Japan have
thrown up time will demonstrate. Those of China are porce- j
Iain. \
THE ; SUNDAY CALL.
6
THE BEAR IN THE CHINA SHOPThe World's Wealth.
A writer In "one of the recent magazines
gives "some Interesting facts conc^rntn*
the distribution of the world's weu'th
among the different narions. ,T*w" totii
wealth of the world is roughly, estimated
at $400,000,000,000. Of this. sum the. larger
part Is owned by American* and Euro
peans, the United State*' share being In
\be neighborhood of $10 VnO.000,090— about
¦»ne-fourth cf the whole. Th« wealth of
t*je United Kingdom, combining . the
shares of England. Scotland and Ireland.
»«• estimated at £H,S0G.0iX).ceo— 0 little ,I«ss
than 56O.0CO.0OO.COO, making' Great Britain
the richest of European nations. -• France
comes nzxU with property amounting to
$4S.Q00.00u.00O in our money. Germany's
-artion Is about H0.00O.CO0.CtO and Rus
sia's S32.0OO.(M).0OO.— Washington Star.
fee was a bundle of $50 notes; the man
was, in appearance, perhaps 60 years. of
age, powerful, deformed. .. inordinately
Blouch-hatted. great-coated, long-haired
and whiskered.
"The bilis, to the best of my belief,
are gen-u-lne; your beard, to the best of
my belief. Is not," said the lawyer.
"I do not effer you the beard as a re
tainer. ' offer you the bills."
"And the voice in which you offer them
is so far from being your own that you
make roe doubt whether the bills, how
ever gen-u-lne. are gen-u-lnely yours."
"You seem to be a person of some pene
traticn," 5ald the visitor.
"If ycitbad not thought so before you
came you would not be here," said the
lawyer.
"So long as you do not know my real
beard and real voice I don't care how well
you know my false beard and false voice.
As for the money, you may take It or
leave it!"
"And that's soon said," replied the law
yer, laying the bills on the table be
tween him and his client with a gesture
that neither took them nor left them.
"Try a 6eat," he said standing before an
open fire. "Take off your coat and hat
and make yourself at home."
Judge Barwood had a good gray eye
with a twinkle in It aqd the accent of
his Invitation was' jocular.
"I am much more comfortable with
them on; the room Is cold," said the vis
itor.
The thermometer on the jamb of the
door registered In the full gaslight 73
degrees.
"Just so," said Barwood appreciatively;
"and. now about the bsulness."
"The business Is tbe height of simplic
ity. I have stoien $50,000. For personal
reasons I object to any one's attempting
to pursue me and to take away the
money."
The visitor also had a good rrsy eye.
"And that's a very natural objection,
too," said the man of law. "The plainest
way to avoid it is to send the money
btck."
"If I had been looking for the plainest
way I should not have had to come to
your- Honor for advice."
The two pairs of good, gray eyes looked
into one another with appreciation.
"This," said the Judge, "looks like a
fishy business. And what Is very much
to the point in an affair of. this magni
tude, that bundle of notes on the table
is too email to be looke'd at without dis
comfort." ...
"That bundle of notes is not a small
fee for listening to me tell you that I
hrve stolen $00,000. That Is all I have
•afked for it. When you have told me
Low. to keep the fifty thousand the bun
die onsthe table will be bigger."
"It would have to be a great deal big*
ger."
"Would it set a limit to Its bigness if
the man out at. whom the fifty thousand
comes has done you dirt?" f ' .^
There were not a great many men in -
Cornville from whom fifty thousand could
be lifted. Barwood's face took on a look
Barwood's face broadened Into a grim
"You are quite reeolved not to be advis
ed to put the money backT'V
"Quite.". , . V >
"It is really my duty to urge the point."
"You have urged It."
Barwood, with a grim smile still linger- .
ing on his face, strode for a time up and,
down the room. He came at last to. a
halt In his former station before the fire.
wink glorified all his remaining inabilities
In Mayor Renshaw's eyes, who begged
him to sacrifice himself on the altar of
civic duty by accepting an appointment as
Chief of Police. Mayor Renshaw said that
neither he nor his subordinates should
take tithes from the harvest of sin and
shamed and Edwin Cowles sacrificed him
self. Both played their destined part In
the realization of the Great Idea.
Then was the city of Cornvllle delivered
into the hands of the three bad men, who
opened it as their oyster, and that was
their destined part In the realization of
the Great Idea. . "Fritzie" Gannes, with
his "sure-thing" enterprises, reaped a
harvest which he had never supposed
Cornville could produce. He learned that
a town Is never so gullible as when re
form attempts to tell It that it* "shan't."
"Soapy" Wadlow and "Frenchy" Lalane
made similar agreeable discoveries. The
new police force could no more tell when
a pocket was being picked; they couldn't
even tell when one had been picked, un
less they found the "weeded leather" on
the ground, and "Soapy" and "Frenchy"
dipped deep with Impunity. It is also to
be remarked that they were not called on
to pay a percentage of their winnings to
the "wise." Indeed, the three were so
pleased with their success that they de
termined to combine Interests and make
a "run" on Richard Englar's bank. It
was decided that the easiest way to
achieve the "run" was to approach the
building through a subterranean passage,
and the three started to dig a tunnel.
When affairs were in this posture and
the tunnel nearly complete, Ruderick Me-
Klowd stepped one day off a train which
had brought him out of the beyond. Th.e
Great Idea had taken him away from
'Cornvllle soon after Herbert Renshaw
was elected Mayor, and It was the Great
Idea that brought him back. He went
straight from the train to the Front Of
fice.
"I should like to see the chief," he said.
The chief granted the desired Interview.
"Mr. Cowles." Ruderick began. "I have
been given to understand that you are
looking for a new man for your detective
force. I have had considerable experi
ence in the detective business, and should
like to be your new man. if you're satis
fled with my credentials. Do you care
to look at them?"
The reform administration "allowed"
that it would like to see Rudcric&'s cre
dentials.
"I see that you are certified to as being
a very 'wise' man." remarked Mr. Cowles
after a hasty perusal of Ruderlck's pa
pers. "I suppose that word 'wise' Is
merely a technical term in police par
lance,"
"That's what it is, Mr. Cowles."
"You have some acquaintance, have
you, with the criminal classes? We very
much need a pan who understands the
ways of thieves."
"Of course. I don't set myself up as
anything extraordinary, Mr. Cowles, but
you've rot my record In those papers. I
certainly ought to know something about
the criminal classes."
"Well, Mr. MeKlowd, I'll take your
name Into consideration and notify the
authorities th'at you have made applica
tion for the position. I will send you
their decision to-morrow. Good after
noon, sir."
"Good afternoon. Mr. Cowles."
Three days later there was astonish
ment, bewilderment and profanity In the
under world. Ruderick MeKlowd had been
appointed Chief of Detectives in the town
of Cornvllle. and the under world won
dered what the appointment meant. Rud
erick MeKlowd's office was besieged by
guns, who desired to know what was
what and what was "doing." Among the
besiegers were three who had come by
special summons. The three bad men
were invited into Ruderick's private of
fice, where, by Judicious' questioning,
they were made to declare that thex had.,
nothing whatever "on" and had not done
any business in the town since the re
form administration went into power, and
that they had been "ditched" by Rud
erick's idea, and were sick of the place
and ready to quit it.
To all of this Ruderick listened with
politeness. When they had finished his
reply was exemplary and significant.'
"Blokts." he said, "1 ain't much on
chewin' the rag, but I'm more'n a little
glad o' what you've told me, 'n* that
you're sick o' the town. I'm particular
glad you're not mixed up in that tunnel
business under EnglaVs Bank.- The fel
lers that's done that has got to choke it
off— see? I can't stand for It. Anythln'
else 'ts been done 'fore I got here ain't
any o' my business. # For yourselves, my
tip as an old pal, since you're sick o' this
town, is to get shet of it by the next rat
tler. I guess you've made your pile here,
anyhow, an' It's time *t you get your
graft in elsewhere. If you sprint you can
catch that 7:30 this evenln'. It 'ud give
me a pain to 6ee you here after 8 o'clock
to-r.Ight. So long, blokes. Take care o*
One evening— «lx days and «a fraction,
to be accurate, after Ruderlck's historic
warning to the three bad men— Judge
Barwood was summoned from his bed by
an importunate visitor, who made him
self agreeable by opening his business
with the tender of a retaining fee. The
"How much more, for example r*
"Well, say a second fifty thousand. Too
could hardly make a deal with leas.**
"I have stolen a second fifty thousand."
¦aid the visitor, drawing a considerable
parcel from under his cloak and laying 1 it
on the table. "I calculated myself that
It would take Just about a second fifty to
protect the first."
"You seem to be a client of rreai tore
thought," said the lawyer.
"It needs a client of great forethought
to employ an attorney of great penetra
tion." said the visitor. T-''~?'f.
"It is only left to settle where' and wh«n
I am to let you know what I have done.
I suppose you can trust yourself not to
r«t caught." said Barwood.
This was unkind; the powers that rule
were become a Joke In Cornvllle, and
Renshaw, who had been Barwood' s rival.
was the point of the Joke.
"I can trust myself a rood deal better
cot to ret caught If I don't trust any one
•!*• with my address. When Z want to
know what you have done Z will oome
and ask you. Good night, Mr. Attorney. "
"Good night. Mr. Scamp.**
The two men parted with mutual re
spect and rood wilL
Barwood had made It a point of eon
science In the conduct of his life, when
be had a thing to do which was agreeable
to himself and disarreeable to some one
else, never to procrastinate. There was
besides another reason In the present case
for dispatch. It did not enter into his
views for his client that Richard Enrlar
should not have a chance to keep his loss
unknown. • •
"Mr. Enrlar/*»he said, with the rerret
which a man throws Into his vole* when
he speaks of the misfortune of a per
sonal enemy, "I am Informed that you
have Just been robbed of a hundred thou
sand. A man so bundled up that I could
name nothing of him visited me at my
house Just now and told me so; he added
that you could not find him, and that
If you did find him the money would be
either dissipated or spent In conducting
his defense. If you guarantee to make
no effort to find him and to keep the
affair oat of the hands of the State he
offers you $25,000; J25.0OO to take or leave.
I don't know whether this offer Is real
either, nor how he expects you to rat
the money. Certainly he gave me no
name or address. He told me nothing 1
but what I state and then he took his
leave. I made no attempt to lay hands
on him. I didn't want to deprive you
of your chance to recover $25,000. nor our
new police forco of Its chance of distin
guishing Itself."
There Is, singularly, little more to tell.
Englar and his Board of Directors had
a meeting before daylight that morning,
ascertained the truth and 'moved motions
and passed resolutions. They resolved to
. get. the, thief If they could; they. resolved
that they could not afford to let * $25,000
slip through their fingers: they resolved
for the, present to keep the loss concealed
from the public press and from the State.
They consulted with Judge Barwood and
Instructed him to notify his client, if bis
client should again enter Into communi
cation with him. that they bad taken his
offer under advisement; secretly they em
ployed one Ruderick McKlowd to find
cut what he could about the robbery.
Judge Barwood's client did not at this
time again enter into communication with
him. and Ruderick found only that the
tunnel, by means of which the' back had
been entered, had been made by one
Gannes. with the assistance of two com
panions named Wadlow and Latanne, re
spectively; but he soon, obtained word
that they were In Philadelphia, actually
In detention at the time, the bank was
broken Into. .Of their whereabouts since
their release nothing could be learned.
Englar said that Ruderick was' as b!r
an ass as the rest of the Front Offlce,
and must have turned "fly cop" because
he could not make a living aa a thief.
The directors of the banlc once more con
sulted with Judge Barwood and instruct
ed him to notify his client, if his client
should again enter into communication
with him, that they accepted his offer.
Some days afterward they bound them
selves, their heirs and assigns in a man
ner and form which Barwood thought
worth $25,000 to himself and his night vis
itor, and in return for the document he
paid that amount.
Two nights later he was going horn*
from bis office In the dusk when a qua
vering voiep demanded an . alms. The
speaker was a patched and battered fig
ure: a dedrepit old man. wildi-eyed and
wild-haired.
I'lt's. only a drink I want." repeated
the beggar, as he shuffled along at Bar
wood's side. "You see 't 'I'm no liar— I
don't want nothln' to eat. I want a drink.
It only costs a dime. boss.".
They had reached a stretch of field
through which Barwood was wont to
make a short cut to his home, and as he
left the sidewalk and turned into the field
path the beggar suddenly straightened
himself, dropped the whine in his voice
and. tapping Barwood familiarly on the
shoulder, said: "I say, Mr. Attorney,
hana over that agreement that you made
for me with Englar."
A fortnight later Ruderick was dis
charged from the Cornville force for
drunkenness and Incompetence. The ex
pectations he tad raised when Chlof
Cowles engaged him he had not fulfilled.
Upon his discharge he paid a -visit to
Chicago, where he kept a safe deposit
vault, in which he placed, among other
things, the agreement which Judge Bar
wood had obtained for his unknown
client. This was the finishing touch In
the realization of the Great Idea.
"CotsM yon rteal my more!" he asked
gravely, :;_C'j.\. \'- ¦>
an' me from any ether four stiffs in
town. He'll change the whole force,
thlnktn* they're all crocked, an* them
that's turned out' 11 keep us under cover
out o* eptte. Things are bound to go that
•way. en' then we get our gTaft in an'
there ain't no Barwood cround to squeexe
the profits out of us. See?"
Wadlow, Cannes and Latane were sim
ple-minded men who went about their
business with a Hcmeric directness. They
neither read the public prints which fa
%'ored the candidacy of Herbert Renshaw
r.cr urged amonr their acquaintances
• uch reasons as they themselves bad
thought of why it was to the interest of
tt* under world that Mayor Barwood
should not be re-elected. They elmply
cot themselves constituted the cfScial
ruarCians cf the ballot box and judges
cf election in a single ward. They had
been Judges cf election the first time
Mayor Barwood had been a candidate
for the c£oe he held and had found the
control cf the Nineteenth Ward sufficient
The election day came and went. The
• Judr«« of election eat about the stove in
the polling booth behind locked doors and
smoked Henry Clay perfectos end drank
whisky and dub soda and received re
ports frota tlnie to time. They sat a
locr time. They made no effort to count
tie votes; they tock turns sleeping, the
sentinels keeping themselves and each
other awake at z.n endless game of 25
cent ante, 110 limit. There was a dispute
In the Thirteenth Ward, which lasted all
the nigst following the close of the polls
and the next day and the night after
that. There was understood to be a dis
pute in the Nineteenth Ward also in re
gard to the adrnissibility of certain votes.
At 7 o'clock on the second morning of the
25-cent ante a message arrived that the
depute In the Thirteenth was settled.
Barwood needed a majority of 500 in the
Nineteenth to elect him, and as the count
etood he had a majority of but 200 odd.
The faces of the four men about the
card table were pray and sticky with
fatigue, but a glance of understanding
passed round es each man turned his
hand forward to make his last bet.
"There's nothln* like an honest count,
blokes, is there?" remarked Kuderic*.
with a yawn.
When Mayor Renshaw came into his
'kingdom be governed It co as to save his
own fouI. He h:.d eworn to execute the
law, and it -was no part of his reading of
the rules of duty that a man should get
bbnipett damned out of a consideration for
other people! Mayor Rcnthaw closed the
dance haJ".s. He closed the Rambling hells
alM, which Is to say he scattered gam
bling broadcast throughout the town.
Before his accession to office there had
been a limit«-d number of more or less
recognised and *e*ponslble epots in the
town whf-re a man who was determined
' to lose money might do so without great
risk of violence or fraud: after his acces
sion to ofP.ce a man never knew whether
be was "up against" mathematics or
e«ralnst the pzme which is called "the
sure thins"; therefore, since the charm of
"adventure was a new and 6trange one In
Cornville, every one who gambled at all
gambled more and ofte!>er in Mayor Ren
•shaw's reign than before. Drinking places
he did not close, because he could not,
though he limited them strictly to the
terms of their license; wherefore willful
men drank by the botf.e after hours In
stead of by the glass. But his great
achievement was the creation of a police
force that did not know how to wink.
The Inability cf Edv.ln Cowlss Eiq. to
k
Frltzle" Gannes. "Soapy" Wadlow and
••Frenchy" Latane. In the class beneath
Ruderick McKlowd they were the great
est and tan*t envied under world celebri
ties living in the community. "Frltzie"
was a gamester from London. "Soapy"
was a "tool" frcir. Frisco and ¦'Frenchy"
*as a '-stair 1 from Quebec.
These three bad men detested "pose." In
the event of Renshaw's election as Mayor
the three, believed that Cornvllle would
reauxa* a pose of rectitude which would
hurt tbetr business. Therefore when Ren
¦haw's nomination was announced they
took counsel with themselves and with'
Rufierick for the defeat of Renshaw.
Ruderlck did not rive advice unless hs
felt like It. and for tie most part be
dld cct f*el Hk« It. He looked upon
"chewlar the rar" as a vanity, useless
before a man has done bis Job and ruin
ous afterward. He was by temperament
a "aisfle-bacded" specialist; what he bad
to 60 professionally be liked* to do alone,
and no questions asked and no tales told.
Thar* were times, however, when Rud
erick saw 00 lets for bis own band In
gvoaral discussion. and "Frits!*,**
**Boapy** and **Tr«nehjr** dropped In upon
him MX a time when be was medltatlnr
the greet Idea. "Frltxle" was the spokes
r*", and he rave Ruderlck conclusive
arrsmests why Herbert Renshaw Esq.
should not be elected Mayor of Cora
"If he's elected." "Fritzle" explained,
'"well all bare to mooch, and the runs
that ain't knewn here'll come to town
an' tip it open an' get all the plunder.
That hajpens every time a reform ad
ministration tries to run the police of
a town, an' I tell you straight, Ruder
lck. Tea retiln* sick of It. I've rot my
stake la Barwood, an' I think we ought
to elect fcla. Who you goln* to work for,
Ruderick? Barwood or Rcr.shaw?"
The great idea had already found lodg
ment In Ruderick's mind previous to the
visit ef tie trio. Had they called on him
a f«w davs earlier they would in all
probability have found him amenable to
the'.r suggestions, but they postponed
their visit too leng. At the time of their
call cr. hlra he had decided \o throw his
lr.nuer.ee en the tide of the reformers.
"There's reform administration, an'
there's reform administrations," be re
marked in rep'.y to "Fritzle's" query.
"You say Barwood's crooked, an* that's
ji'Et what I got ag'in him. He's too
damn crocked. He's squeezed us blokes
right an' left, an' put the dough in his
own pocket. He won't live an* let live,
that Earwood won't. That kind o' bloke
1 like to do, an' I'm goln' to do him this
election. He's the meanest grafter In
this burg, an' you know it en' I know
it. What you blokes don't know Is that
the Renshaw push is goin' to be easy to
work. I cot a headpiece on me, I ha\ - e.
Cenehaw an' bis gang don't know you
T the time Herbert Rer.shaw Ess.
f 1 announced himself a candidate for
r the office of Mayor of Coraville
X there Wt>r « three tad men fn the
municipality who traveled and
transacted business under the names of
Ccpyristt by McClure. Phillips & Co.
- TH B5 6 ITNDAT CALIj.
7
THE GREAT IDEAIt Is In view of these facts that my
Government Is pending bo large a dele
cation and exhibit to the Exposition at
f?t. Ix>uis. Th* United States conferred
the honor cf requesting this and the Gov
ernment felt that it was the least ac
knowledgment it could make to send this
Important representation. It wishes to
show America and es much of the rest
bf the worlfl as may be there to see some
thing of China's achievements. _
I find the prevailing Impression that
*he is narrow. "What:" an American
wJfl to me the other day. "is it not true
that China is showing great broadmlnd-"
fdne*s of late? We henr that «he is tak-;
Ing up American and European ideas."
"Eo you think that her broadmindedncii
Is a novelty," I replied. "Do you not
realize that China has be»n and Is ojae"'of
the broadest nations in the world? -j It Is
strange how little is known aboutf/'her
, vars."
I hear people eay that ehe is slow to
take up modern Inventions. True enough
in a way. How many useless patents are
*.hrust upon the market! China takes her
time, is conservative, separates the wheat
from the chaff and in due time adopts all
that is worth adopting. Yes, our country
Is slow, but It is very sure and. it does
"not reject new things becauee'they are
new.
' But as to commercialism: in that re
spect possibly we may epeak of a new
China, for it Is quite recently, that we
have had such an amount of commerce as
we have now. We want that to Increase
many fold. It will be of mutual benefit,
helping us and helping the nations that
deal with us. Commerce Is a great edu
cator. It Is commerce that first brings
nations in touch with one another and
that contact results in much learning.
There Is no race too wise to learn, no race
t oo ignorant to teach. The more that men
know of men the better all around.
China and the United States are in the
very beginning of their acquaintance.
They have each made their bow of recog
nition, as it were, and now the conversa
tion opens. May It grow and continue is
the wish of our Government and people.
The greatest amount of our commercial
intercourse is with England. England
had at the last time I took account of the
• matter S5 i>cr cent of the chipping and a
. large per e«nt of the other trade interests*
There should be a far larger amount of '
dealing with the United States than there
now is. We arc neighbors— only an "ocean,
no land, between us, so that communica
tion Is direct, even though slow.
Most of our railroads are built accord
ing to English style. There arc a num
ber of them running in different directions
back into the interior of China. I might
cive you their names, but I am afraid
they would be entirely meaningless, and
unpronounceable, for they go by long Chi
nese names instead of English ones.
These roads arc traveled by the regula
tion English coaches, entirely different
from your cars that liold so many pcr-
Thcn? is nov: one line built by American
enterprise and conducted according to
American way?. It has your style ' of
cars. It Is in every respect entirely Amer
ican.
Of course, much traveling Is still done
by means of ecdan chairs, as In olden
times, and they are a. most excellent
means of conveyance. They have been
much* Improved in comfort. One of the
exhibits at St. Louis will be of old chairs
such as our forefathers used, and it will
be seen how they have changed. Wheel
barrows arc used to some extent now as
vehicles . China has as yet no streetcars.
But the modern and carefully perfected
railroads are only one feature of China's
modernntrSs. "The New China," like "the
New America," uses many forms of elec
tricity. You will no longer flnd our im
portant business buildings and houses
lighted by little nut oil lamps of the type
that you buy In Chinatown for souvenirs.
We have electric lights Just as other
countries do. You will also flnd . tele
phones and telegraphs when you visit us—
may that be at an early date!
Buildings in the large cities are much
like yours, especially in Shanghai and
Hongkong, where the foreign settlements
are large. They are not high enough yet
to satisfy lofty ambitions nor to make
elevators an essential. There are no sky
pcrapers. So far as I know *""hlna has
only one elevator, which la in a building
In Shanghai,
¦he were now for the first tVm* be
ginning to live. '•China la at last sitting
tip and taking notice," I have heard some
one say. It eeems to me that you are Just
beginning to "s*.t up and take notice" of
the land. across the Pacific.
The United States is a great country.
China appreciates this fact and feels the
strongest sentiments of friendship toward
j-our people who have treated her bo
well In many ways. We want to build
cp a firm friendship between the two na
tions: but In crder to do this there must
be a thorough understanding between the
two. We have much to learn about you:
Rnd, believe me, you have muctv^to learn
about us.
Ajnt of tto« greatest mistakes that
Americans make la their Ideas cf
Uthe n«TT'China.
They talk about faur country as if
By Wong Kai K.ah.
Much English is taught in the Chinese
schools and universities. It is more stud
led than any. other foreign language. Our
constantly Increasing commerce and gen
eral foreign r»latlona make \ this impor
tant. • : ' " vi
The European style of architecture Is
creeping more and more into house build
ing there. Certain royal buildings show
no sign of this, for - they haye always
been magnificent and tradition or law.tn
slsts upon particular styles. .¦¦•For in
stance, the imperial, roof that you often
have seen in pictures can bemused by
royalty alone and it certainly, will con
tinue to be used by those who are enti
tled to it. . . ' V
"CHINA IS AT LAST SITTING
UP AMD TAKING NOTICE"
They premised to go to the photog
rapher's eo mass* for a picture, the
wfee!« serea of the Wong family.
"As a great favor, Mr. Wong, will you
set w»e.r the 'steel wire coat?' " I begged.
-Certainly."
eHOTEI* suite has recently over
flowed with eome of the meet dis
tinguished Chinese ever enter
tained In this city. They were his
Excellency Wong ICai Kah. his
fwntfy a.nd retinue of thirty, en route to
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, to
wfelch Wong is Chinese Vice Imperial
Commissioner.
Mr. Wong Is a graduate of Tale of the
class of 'S3. and irpeaks far better Eng
lish than the most of us. He also speaks
various Chinese dialects. His wife is a
K2ang Ba l&dy. the first who has ever ar
rived her*.
"And the peacock feather r* £*
I do not know just what Joss I toppled,
but I am cure that I can never bo tht
tame again in Mr. Wong's esteem.
"The peacock feather* ¦ with the light
costume — Impossible!" he said, with hor
rified face.
But he wore the wonderful coat of wire
like silk thread woven In lacy . pattern,
and Mrs. Wong, who toddled In "on tiny
triangular feet, wore tho most, wonder
ful phoenix robe of turquoise satin heav
ily wrought In deathless phoenixes. Her
Uttle wrists were heavy with ; bracelets,
and from her shoulder fell a' string of
pear-shaped pearls, milky white; of great
green jade beads; of amethysts and pal *
rose crystals.
"And where are the children!" I asked,
as the two arrived. '
Mr. Wong spoke casually. "We couldn't
flnd them," he said. "They. Mem to have
wandered out of the hotel. They must b»
around the city somewhere. I don't sup
pose the/ll get lost— they never do."
So that is why only Mr. Wong and hti
wife appear before you.
SARAH COMSTOCK-
SAD OFFENSE TO
THE
GREAT JOSS
. THAT
RULES ALL THE
CHINESE
FASHIONS.
The Chinese Vice imperial Commissioner
to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition
Says Americans Are Densely Ig"
nbrant of the Real Broad-
Mindedness of the Great
Empire. £%
Our v «j»rt« ar» ; .l*r*-»ty tM, ttam mat
; : ernamental goods" "nch aa china, carve*
'furniture -and 'embroideries. In r»tum wsj
receive .piece goods from Europe; for to
', stance;' Germany sends us a large amount
: of . hbusefurnishlngs. Opium from India
.',. ls;one of 'our extensive imports. In" tlm*
to have railroads making a net
r work- all over Asia and connecting,, us fa»
betterl.wlth. Europe
While Europe and America keep on lnv
proving , their .own manufactures. China
does iks r same. . The porcelain is of th«
most beautiful' in the world and the Chi
nese are always alert to make it better.
They adopt designs .from foreign goods
and use them in china decoration and
In embroideries.; .The Chinese like these
foreign des!gnViust>$8 you; like th© Chi
nese. Every one wants v/liat Is a novelty
to him. /- ¦'.',
The great feature of the Chines* era
broideries is the wonderful blending of
colors. In many cases you will find colors
that vpu are accustomed to .say "swear
at each other," put side b;- side and the
whole Is always harmonious. ''T'ani carry
ing many of these beautiful robes to
ehow the people of this country what our
people do, for the best of our embroideries
and fabrics have not been broujjht out of
' our country. One Piece that I have Is the
Rohe of the Hundred Butterflies. It is of
lavender silk with a hundred butterflies
wrought upon it by. hand; no two alike
and all in countless different colors which
blAnd into a perfect whole."" r 'y} : . ! -\l.
.•^This Is the first time that qor^Oorini
ment has sent an exhibit to oos of ties*
World's Fairs. There have ..D«ea ' «mly
small nrivate exhibits before. So tiers
will be much to show that is riewSta lh«
world. We are making a particular paint
of showing the development of Chin* by
object lessons in her hilf^ry. We-liav«
ancient war chariots to show,».heavy/af
falra . something like those" 'of t^<|,^pld
Romans. They held four men besides Xhm
archer. We have old implements. ; cru<3»
things used In agricul'tura^artd^otlier
forms of labor, , and our modern ones t a
show for comparison. The development of
the Chinese boat will be similarly -shown.
The history "of our China] aaUor'w^* b«
displayed in ' specimens of thV ware* of
different periods down to the present day.
The main' building will be thoosV oc
'¦ cupled by; his Highness Prince' Pu Lua
and It is to be begun by.' Americans and
finished by Chinese -workmen, . for they
alone know the delicate architectural
methods that are used In China. My wire
will design the decorations to be used la
the Interior. The building will have the
Imperial roof, for it. is to be the head
quarters of a Prince. Next winter I shall
return to China to escort him to St.
Louis.
A mineral exhibit will be one of onr
features. China has great mineral wealth
, and she has been slow in making the most
•-of It, but now that there is to be a new
-' code of mining laws in our country w«
look for a great impetus in the direction
of mining. - Wallace Broad of England 13
to help us in the forming of these laws.
As to the "New China"— what country fa
not new In these days? We all are if we
are progressive, and we all hope to b«
{{ new again at every milestone in our
1 ( career.
China is one of these progressive coun
tries as is the United States. In behalf
cf the Chinese government— to our better
acquaintance!
Danger Lurks in Exhausted Brain
Cells.
Nerve specialists eay that a great many
suicides are the direct results of exhaust
ed brain cells.
When you find- yourself becoming mo
rose and despondent, when you are con
scious that the zest of life is evaporating,
that you are losing the edge of your for
mer keen interest in things generally and
that your life is becoming a bore, you
may be pretty sure that you need more
sleep, that you need country or putdoor
exercise. If you get theso you will find
that all the old enthusiasm will return.
A few days of exercise in the country,
rambling over the hills and meadows, will
erase the dark pictures which haunt you
and will restore buoyancy to your animal
spirits.
No man is in an absolutely normal con
dition until he enjoys bare living, and
feels, that .existence Itself is a precious
boon.* No ' one is normal who does not
feel thankful, every day, that he Is alive,
and that be can think and act with vigor
and effectiveness.
Ob. to be strong; to feel the thrill of
life in every nerve and fiber In middle life
and old ago as in youth; to enjoy exist
ence as do the young lambs and calves
which chase one another over the fields
and meadows and pastures; to exult In
mere living as boys do when they gilds
over the fields of ico In the crisp air a*
winter! ¦>.' ¦
_.••¦-.•-•¦¦.. .•. ¦:.¦¦•,-¦:_¦..
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
THE NEW CHINA.some raoritns unier his brother. Thencs he moved to Cincinnati and entered th«
ecHool of 'ait.' b till with the Idea or being a painter. But the lovo for' the bor»
was continually upon him and on his own account be supplemented bis regular
studies In the academy with study of the horses In the - United States mail
stables. iHe also 'turned to modeling and executed a horse pawing as it lies upon
the plal/i, which was awarded a special prize at the exhibition of students' work.
It was this success that sent him to Paris. Here bo met with encouragement
from Salnt-Gaudens and the French master Fremiet. and at length was admitted
Into the Salon, his first exhibit being "Lassoing . "Wild Horses." the thrilling crea
tion reproduced on this page.- Later he received a silver medzj at the Paris Iix
position and another at the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo. He tJms
secured recognition from the artists, though from the public recognition laa
come more sparingly. y ..'•--:
FROM the prairie tx> Paris, from the experience o? a cowboy to that of aa
exhibitor at the Salon is a far cry, yet one which the talented younjr
sculptor John H. Eorglum has already spanned. A recent exhibition In
the Keppel galleries has drawn an " unusual amount of attention to his
i *ork- Etlll a young: man, Borglum. both in his life and his art. has followed
[ a trail peculiarly American. If you make his acquaintance and seek to* draw
* him cut upon the subject of his past h« will tell you that the cowboy is no£ the
**,c£hbuctl!ng, drinking, twearing fiend of, popular imagination; that there are
hud ; cowboys as there are bad men everywlicre; but that the genus is a simple,
orderly and unassuming- an you may find In"" any. walk of life.
flavins' sold his tniall Interest In a Nebraska ranch, , he started forth with
ManVtrt and oil eiovc for California and here studied drawing and painting for
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
LASSOING WILD
HORSESis no question. But that one's gowns all
have an old, worn-out look Is just as cer
' tain. Fortunately, there- are a-great
v many devices and many of 'these are of
such a nature that they really improve
the appearance of the dress so that it
looks better than when It was new.
Particularly can the white cjoth dresses
be renovated and it Is.^fter all, a saving
to purchase one of these gowns, for It
looks nice from the beginning of the
chapter to the end. It Is becoming from
the time It is put on In all its immaculate
whiteness to the time when, half worn
out, it is treated to one of the many de
vices known to the modistes, whose duty
it is to make over these gowns so that
, they shall look Just like new.
A white cloth dress recently furnished
an excellent example of. this. Never an
elegant gown, it was, nevertheless,' very
pretty and when white and clean it was
the best gown in the owner's wardrobe.
But soon it became soiled around the foot
and then heroic treatment* was necessary.'
The gown was taken to a French modiste
and, under her nimble fingers, it sobn
became new again— and better than new.
Around the foot of the skirt she placed
a very deep trimming of black lace. The
lace was coarse and was not more than
three inches wide, so that it was neces
sary to put it on- in scroll fashion, leav
ing great open scrolls or ovals. The pat
tern when completed reached to the
knees. Then, in the big open scroll-like
places the French modiste embroidered
sflowers,. choosing big roses with stems
and leaves.
Of course, she did the work quickly and
cleverly, appllqueing a rose here and there
and working the leaves and stems by
hand. When completed this gown was
one of the handsomest' of the middle sum
mer.
' An Innocent Little Device.
There is a very Innocent device which Is
being practiced by the girl who likes to
look pretty, as well as by the girl who
wants to catch a beau. And this is the
device of the flowered hat Hats are worn
wreathed with' blooms this season, and it
is a very wise girl who will provide her
self with a "French wreath— as these
wreaths are called— made of almost every
flower that grows. • ..'-
A Newport girl who owns a black chip
hat, with low crown and spreading brim,
possesses a wreath of small pink roses;
she also has one. of roses of exaggerated
size, tapering to small roses at the back.
Besides these .she has a thick, heavy rope
of violets ready to be thrown around the
hat, and she has wreaths of branching ,
orchids,, of trailing hyacinths and of
masses of the most brilliant scarlet gera
niums.
With half a dozen wreaths snugly put
away in her trunk she is able to trim a
hat at a minute's notice. By taking out a
wreath, winding It around a hat and se
curing it with pins, she has at once a
new bat.
It is the thing to match your hat to
your costume, or your costume to your '
hat, and no self-respecting summer wom
an will fall to do this.
To mak» the matter easier and the cos
tume more complete, she can match her
sash ribbons to her hat and her parasol
to both. A chou of the same fastened
primly to the front of the fichu finishes
the very neat aspect of this summer re
galia.
, .-.. The Back of the Gown.
A summer dress that has seen the
bright days of May, the verdant days of
June and the high suns of July Is apt to
show. the earmarks of its experience. It
gives * out in various places, showing
shrinkages here and faded spots there,
•while a pulled and drawn look' tells that
it has suffered something from occasional
showers.
The plaited or the tucked skirt Is not
so liable to give out early in its career as
is the skirt with the habit back. For the
habi^ back, being: plain, will not admit
of shrinkages, and being without trim
ming it displays its wornout marks with
startling distinctness.
But the clever modistes have found a
way to fix over the habit back, and the
summer woman can avail herself of it,
thereby bringing herself into possession
of one of the prettiest gowns of the year.
Suppose the gown is a navy blue zibe
line. or suppose it is a tobacco brown
veiling, or suppose it to be & gray sown,
either cloth or silk. The skirt Is habit
back, smooths perfect in fit. but out of
order from the fact that It is shabby.
The only thing now for the woman who
wants a new gown is to purchase some
taffeta to exactly match the goods. Then
let her rip the skirt down ths middle of
the back and lay a box plait of taffeta
across the opening. Or she can make two
plaits and lay them side by side down
the middle of the back. This gives her a
very new and entirely up-to-date gown
and one that will have a very chio ap
pearance.
A good dressmaker will take the skirt
that has gone a little to seed and will
trim It very prettily with narrow bands
of ribbon, put on so that they rise a little
at the back, but dip in the front These
bands of ribbon, if tastefully arranged,
will simulate a Spanish flounce and make
a very neat looking skirt, especially if
the material be a thin goods.
The summer lawns, the organdlea. the
zibellnes. the canvases and all the thin
summer goods are made extremely pretty
by the application of small Oriental fig
ures, done in embroidery. Little embroid
ered designs In every color under the sun
are pressed flat Into the goods and caught
by Invisible stitches. . Now, with clever
fingers, the summer woman goes over the
whole with a running embroidery stitch,
connecting the figures with long, graceful
designs. *
It is a season for the woman who
knows how to use her needle, and all
things can be decorated with this tin/ do
mestic weapon. From the tops of gloves,
which must be embroidered In tiny flow
ers, to the Insteps of stockings, which are
picked out with embroidery designs, there
are pretty possibilities for the woman
who knows how to stitch.
The beau-catching girl mast not forget
the value of the flounce, for, worn around
the foot of the summer gown. It is one of
the most attractive features
of dress. A scant lace flounce,
very deep, and slightly em
broidered so as to show the
design plainly. Is as charming
an article of dress as could
be found In the summer ward
robe. . Xor need the flounce ba
an expensive one. for with the
imitation laces there are soma
lovely things which cost so
little that the summer woman
can surely manage to have a
flounce or two In her rammer
trunk.
And What th© Summer Girl
Puts On When She Goes Forth
to Hake Her A^Tm«i Conquests.
Beaux Are Caught by Eose
Color, So They Say, and by
Fluffy, Frilly Gowns— Dazzling
little De-rices by Which Man Is
Snared, a Willing Victim, Into
the Net Spread for Him by
the Summer Girl— The Latest
French Devices for Making a
Worn-Out Shirt Waist Look
Just as Good as New.
arf adept at. the tying. She must learn
the secret of the fonr-ln-hand knot and
how to apply it to her belt ribbon; and
Bhe must become past grand mistress of
the ribbon knot bow, with four loops and
only two ends.
The wily summer girl, when she puts on
her beau-catching gown, will pin on her
belt and fasten it with an elegantly
showy pin, right in the middle of the
front. At the back of the belt she will
attach a ribbon bow in such a manner
that the ends of the loops and all will
hang down in the most perfect order. It
must be a "made" bow, and to complete
the deception, the beau-catching girl can
attach it to the back of her belt with a
very large pin made to look exactly like
a buckle.
Another style of belt Is one that Is pro
vided with jacket tabs. Wide coat tails,
or frills, looking exactly like those that
finish the empire coats, , are attached to
the belt and the whole Is then hooked
around the waist. The effect is precisely
as though a jacket were worn and the
girl of artistic tastes can make these
belts and put tails on them with the very
There is another artifice practiced by
the beau-catching girl, and this is even
a prettier one. She takes > i newest spec
imens of oriental embroidery and makes
herself a atock and a front "slat", of
them. V.Vv-i
To make a new stock take enough Ar
menian or Persian or Chinese embrpidery
to go around the neck. Finish it top and
bottom to look like a stock. Provide it
with hooks and eyes In the back of the
neck. Now take a strip of embroidery
long enough to go from the chin to the
belt and attach it to the under part of
the stock. This makes the Oriental "slat"
and it is a thing in great vogue this sum
mer, though not. entirely a new idea.
Little Oriental Ideas.
The note of novelty is, lV>wever. given
to It by the use of the coral pins which
are employed to fasten it to the waist
at each side. A dozen tiny flowers of pal
est pink coral are used and at the throat
there is a larger pin, also of pink coral.
Another oriental set has two slats, one
in the middle of the front and one In the
middle of the back; but. In adjusting
best results. Frequently these wide tabs,
which extend almost all the way around
the hips, are embroidered, and then the
effect Is even better. ' , ; .
Innocent Little Deceptions.
And there are a great many innoccn*
little deceptions practiced by the beau
catching girl, deceptions which are so
good to look upon that one likes to be de
ceived by. them. \ . ','V
In the front ranks of summer deceptions
comes the newest undersleeve, which is
only a puff of chiffon with a very narrow
band of elastic run in the puff at the top
and bottom. This puff can be made of
lawn If preferred, or of organdie, or of :
any of the thin summer stuffs. It can
also be made of loulsine and of taffeta—
Indeed anything can 1 be used, in old or
new material. v < v •
The special mission of this undersleeve,
which la i nothing more nor less than a
puff,' is" to provider finish for the elbow
'sleeve. It, Is slipped on the arm in suoh
a way that U ; covers ' the ' elbow. The
.waist with its elbow sleeve is then put
on> SJHmJBfjjf^-' '¦¦ - '
This very simple style of. undersleeve is
one that is now being made. by all the ¦
French modistes and,, in making it, they
make not one pair of undersleeves, but "
half a dozen to go with every : gown,' But :
this is a matter which the nimble ', fin
gered summer girl can decide for herself,
for the making of such a sleeve is so very
simple as to need no teaching and to
take very little ttm*. ¦ ¦¦ i '
these, it certainly does require the assist
ance of a maid, for the slats must set
straight or the appearance is utterly
spoiled.
. The beau-catching girl who- is not too
fat, can employ a pretty little method for
finishing her sleeves. And it is' one that
Is best adapted to a sleeve that is half
worn out. making it look like new again.
Take, for tne sake of an example, an
old shirt waist suit of dotted percale and
imagine that it has gone to the wash tub
once too often.. It is ironed shiny in some
spots and rough in others and here and'
there In the goods there is a suspicious
looking place as though it were going to
be a hole. L ¦ ¦¦- '^,r'iXi'- - - :
Take such a dress and make for the
wriata a little ruffle of cream colored
wash ribbon: Repeat the ruffles further
up the arms, bo that they cover the el
bowa like little bella.; Then place similar,
caps on the shoulders. Of course, there
must be a' beU'to match 'the ruffles and
a stock. Such a course will entirely reno
vate an old shirt waist suit : : ;
If ribbons are scarce, as is sometimes
the case, It is a pretty Idea, to use ruffles
of lawn • and, ; in f many [cases, i the results
; are really better.^, The ruffles can be 'laid
.. In pin i tucks and; finished ' with a bit of ;
hemstitching,- If j>»e does not mind doing '*
a little extra, hand work. /; t
¦¦/ . The Worn-Out ¦ Gown. *
The_ problem of the worn out summer
dress" is one that confronts tha neat
minded girl or woman Just at thta time
of year. That the summer is young there
BY AUGUSTA PEESCOTT.
THE beau-catching girl is in our
midst. And these are the marks by
which you shall know her:
I She wears a beau-catching gown.
A She wears a flower hat.
Her belt Is gay and there is a ribbon
bow attached to it in the back to look
exactly like a cash. j '
She carries a parasol of seductive hue,
either severely plain or much berufiled
'and be frilled.
Her parasol handle shows the head of
an BTilmai.
Her favorite color is color-of-rose.
There are ribbon bows, ribbon choux
and ribbon trimmings upon her gown.
Her ribbons are striped or are combina
tion ribbons, two or three kinds being used
in one bow, or knot, or chou, whichever
you may chance to call it.
Her drees fastens invisibly in the front
or visibly in the back.
And around her shoulders there ii a be
wildering little cape or collarette of lace. ,
Such is the bean-catching girl and such
are her most distinguishing characteris
tics of dress. But there are others, quite
enough to make her the most bewildering
of all In the collection of summer girls.
Tet It must not be thought that the
beau-catching girl deliberately goes ouW
to captivate a beau, for this is not thi*
case. But both she' and her rown are
built that way, and It fls not her fault
that the summer beau falls a willing vic
tim to her charms and to the charms of
her gown.
The most distinguishing feature of her '
dresses is that they are fluffy and frilly.
They are very light in weight or at least ;
very light in texture, and there is a
transparent effect about them that Is fa*- i
dnatlng. :
The transparent materials of all kinds
•re mere in vogue than ever and to assist •
the summer girl In her search for trans- .
parent materials there com© all the laces
which are cheap and pretty and entirely
charming from every point of view, as
well as all the lovely summer zibeUnis
and canvases.
Spots and figured Oesigns.
If you were to cfosely examin? the new
est of the beau-catching gowns you
would notice that they enow a tendency
to spots and figures. The raindrop Is
seen either In the same color or In a con
trasting hue, and there aie a great many
other little figures which are also used.
Materials, Instead of being plain, have
a llttl" fijrure raised upon them, or de
pressed Into them, and tiny flowers are
woven into the surface of more than one
nice fabric.
Materials with a very tiny figure are
really the best for the beau-catching girl,
for they are, more attractive. The figure
can b« of tha same color as the back
ground, and can be carried out In a tiny
satin or silk lace effect, or It can be a
little embroidered figure.
Any of the small designs are good, and
the girl who can make up -er own gowns
can even at this late day add a little
gown of figured stuff to very good advan
tage, for it will be so very fashionable all
the soring and falL
Moreover, a dotted material is easier to
make up than a plain one, for it requires
less skill in the fitting and a great deal
less care in the finish. It needs no other
trimming besides itself and when done
there Is a certain pretty dressiness at
tached to It.
One 'of Miss Alice Roosevelt's most
fetching summer gowns is. a rose colored
dotted lawn, with dots also in rose. The
skirt is trimmed with a very deep flounce,
which comes half way up to the belt.
The flounce, though deep, is a scanty one,
¦with narrow bands of; very Inexpensive
lace set Into it. There. Is a hip yoke of
the ea mo kind of lace. The waist is a
plain little rose colored blouse, with a
little white lace fichu tied around the
shoulders. % . .. ,..:;.-¦.
The Tying of the Sash.
By way of color the dotted white gown,
or the dotted pink one. may have a bright
sash— and, Indeed, the rammer sash Is one
of th© very necessary features of dress.
The popular color for the sash is rose, but '
they wear sashes of striped ribbon and
sashes of bluish green, mixed with pink,
and s»*he« of black and yel{ow and blue
all combined in the most chic Frencby
fashion.
The t^ngr of the cash is something upon
whlch- the success of the toilet depends.
And the summer girl must early becom«
THE SUNDAY CAJAj.
10
BEAU
CATCHING GOWNSDiagram No. 2 (Actual Sizes).
. FORESHORTENING.
Most beginners quite overlook the lm-
Ignorance. Since we could never agree on
the same course In this matter we were
compelled to part company. *
A few days ago a friend of mine, know
ing I was compiling a book on photogra
phy for the instruction of the beginner,
•aid laughingly. "Why, Mr. Taylor, I
never had a cameia in my hands and
have toured the world several times. I
Diagram No. 1.
When photographing in a new country
it is well to test the strength of light and
atmosphere by\ making several exposures
of different lengths until the correct pe
riod Is obtained. This is frequently doae
by the professionals.
Diagram No. 3.
and Instantaneous pictures. But great
caution is necessary in manipulating thes*
rapid plate3, for either under or over ex
posure will result in a negative of unsat
isfactory quality. A little practice, how.
ever, will enable one to secure the desired
effect.
Aetna! size of lens
The reason for this Is apparent. S The
figures— A— B—C— are not equal distances
from the lensfa^d when focus is made
on the central figure, B, both A and C
When- the sitter Is placed, to- your sajls
factlon take your, camera"; \ and -focus
sharply the image' upon the ground glass.
Focus upon the eye of the person, which
will equalize the general^effectr.^n tak
ing a group, focus upon '•>• the* rcentral
figure. • ' ; ['/;•; . < ''*'•";.'.
In arranging a group, place, the .figures
in a curved line, as shown in diagram
No. 1. ¦ -'¦- ¦ '¦" *••¦••-- ¦'¦>'--;<. -•*¦¦ ;
There are many points to be consid
ered in photographing figures. and groups.
First notice the arrangement," if you
would have an artistic picture. .Avoid
stiffness and straight lines imposing, your
subject. : Natural curves give , grace and
beauty. "., '¦ . ' ', . ,- .<""•. ' '-(r?
III-POSING SINGLE FIGURES AND
GROUPS. '
perfectly- still, 'as in the latter case -the
position is more natural and graceful than
where a rest Is used; but* you will find
It a very difficult matter to get the sitter
to remain absolutely still during the re
quired time for exposure. . " .
For time exposures, with No. 12S stop,
expose 2-3 of 1 second.
For. time exposures, with No. 256 stop,
expose- 1% seconds.
If about 9 a-.m. or 3 p. m., double the
time of these* exposures. On cloudy days
or for pictures taken in shadow, multiply
the above table by ten.
WITH A SUMMER LIGHT-12 O'CLOCK
NOON. : \&'\.-}.¥%&
For lnstantateous exposures always use
a No. 8 or No. 16 diaphragm, never larger.
For time exposures/with No. 16 stop,
expose 1-20 of 1 second.
For (time : exposures, with No. 32 stop,
expose 1-10 of 1 second.
For time exposures, with No. 84 stop,
expose 1-5 of 1 second.,
. For • time exposures, with No."' 128 stop,
expose 1-3 of 1 second.
For 'time exposures, with No. 256 stop,
expose*2-3 of 1 second.
. If about 9 a. m. or 3 p. m., double the
time of these exposures.' On cloudy days,
or for pictures taken In shadow, multiply
the above table by ten;
EXPOSURES NECESSARY TO GET
MOVING OBJECTS UStNG NO
• DIAPHRAGMS.
Men and animals walking, angle toward
camera, 1-15 of 1 second; at right angle to
termed diaphragms or stops, the use of
which is to increase or diminish, the
amount of light entering the camera in
order to secure a sharper image upon the
ground glass and consequently 'upon the
negative. For instance: if the day Is
bright and sunny and you. wish to tako
$. time exposure, you may with advantage
stop your lens down to Nos. 32 or 64 dia
phjragm; but should the day be dark and
cloudy, you can Increase the light on. your
negative by using stop No. 4 or No. 8.
Do not forget ¦ that the higher the num
ber ' of the stop or : diaphragm the more
time you must allow ' for the exposure ;
hence, if you allow an exposure of 1-10
of one second. with No. 16 stop. 1-5 of one
second .must be given with . the No// 32
stop, 1-3 of "one second with the No.* 64
stop, -and so on. The more closely you
"stop down" the lens, the sharper will
be the details in your picture. .
Hundreds of tables have been compiled,
dozens of ideas expounded, and many In
genious devices made to regulate the ex
posure of a negative plate, but all are. too
complicated. I fear that so much Intri
cate calculation on the part of . the be
wildered amateur would lead him further
from the desired result than a simple
proceed to focus sharply, using a mag
nifying glass upon the ground glass.
Should the Image reflected upon the
glass be too large, move the camera back
from the view or sitter until the desired
proportions appear. If, on th'e contrary,
the picture Is too small, advance the
camera toward the subject. With Judg
ment and practice you will soon learn to
do this instinctively. Never, strive to
obtain a picture too large for your plate.
Should you wish a photograph of greater
size, any photographer will, 1 at a small
cost, make an enlarged print from your
email negative. You are doubtless aware
by this time that all images reflected upon
the ground glass of the camera appear
Inverted.
There are lenses manufactured known
and designated as long and short focus,
wide angle, etc. The uses of the above
lenses are apparent; should one desire to
make a photograph of a landscape with
great depth of scenery, the long focus
lens should be used; or, should one wish
to embody a great amount of detail in the
limits of a negative plate— such as large
buildings, or the interior of rooms— the
wide angle lens should be employed. The
latter lens Is also very desirable for group
Tou will be greatly disappointed in
your picture, whether of figure, building
or landscape, if it is a time exposure
made when the wind is blowing. In Illus
tration No. 4 you will observe that while
the model remains quiet, her hair, as well
as the fan and handkerchief, have been
moved by the wind; hence the picture,
correct In other respects, such as focus-
Ing and posing. Is worthless as a speci
men of goqd photography.
Should the making of a picture under
this disadvantage prove unavoidable, open
the stop of your lens to No. 4 or 8. and if
the light Is powerful enough, give the
plate an instantaneous exposure and the
result will be satisfactory.
I have seen many curious effects of ex
posures made under similar conditions.
One was the picture of a dog, whose
master, while coaxing him to be quiet,
used such caressing tones and expressions
that Fido's sensitive spirit was raised to
the seventh heaven of beatitude, and
while* his body posed obediently to bis
master's behest, his tail Involuntarily
kept up a constant and lively expression
of delight The photograph was a time
exposure, 'and the consequence was a
portrait of a canine with the unfurled
tall of a full fledged peacock.
It is not difficult to suit your class of
subjects to the day. -Should you desire
to make time exposures In which trees
and forests are the prominent features,
then select the day that, is calm and
mild; 'but. if the scenes are at the sea
shore,-and your subject Is a yacht at full
speed, it adds to the effect to have the
wind at its best, and for this picture an
instantaneous exposure must be made.
MAKING TIME EXPOSURES WHEN
THE WIND IS BLOWING.
This fault Is easily avoided. Place your
camera at such a distance from your sub
ject that the figures will be correctly pro
portioned on the plate. Uncap the lens,
cover the camera with a black cloth and.'.
The beginner frequently makes the mis
take of placing his camera so close to the
person or object to be photographed that
his subject will more than nil the plate
and the result Is sometimes a grotesque
appearance— the head or a portion of the
body of the sitter being cut off. as in plate
1. or perhaps the best part of a fine land
scape being lost. Eight times out of ten
the operator, upon beholding the conse
quences of bis error, will condemn the
camera as a poor one. or bis lens as de
fective. \V >
I— PLACING A PICTURE
posures In the studio, then "of. course it
would be unnecessary to use the head
rest: otherwise if the time for -the ex
posure of the plate be four. to ten sec
onds, you will be more sure of good re
sults if you use the rest. * ",.
I grant that it would be better not to
use the rest if the subject could hold
Should your lens be a quick one, so as
to enable you to take Instantaneous ex-
It is annoying and expensive when mak
ing a portrait, especially if upon a 5x7
or 8x10 negative plate, to find the result
as that shown in plate No. 2.
This is caused by the subject's moving
while the exposure was -being made. To
avoid this difficulty procurer a head rest
of your dealer;- this can be adjusted to
suit all the various positions In which you
may desire to place your subject, as it
can be used for either full^ figure work
or sitting positions. 4« V
II— THE USE OF A HEAD REST.
These diaphragms or stops are to the
lens what the key-board is to the piano;
to do good work one must study care
fully their uses. I have met scores of
amateurs, who own and operate cameras,
who have never used these stops at all.
They may, have noticed that these were
attached to their lenses, but overlooked
their use or considered them unimportant.
Every lens, whether of cheap or expensive
manufacture, Is provided with what are
DIAPHRAGMS OR STOPS.
are also in proportion.
Avoid placing perpendicular objects,
such as lamp?, tables, etc.. in close' prox
imity to the person who is to be photo
graphed. These articles give a stiff char
acter to the picture, and if they are of
small size the whole scene looks Illy' pro
portioned.
Be careful not to have your subject too
far above or below the level of your lens.
In the first case the effect would be to
shorten the picture, while In the latter,
the images would be lengthened. The
best position is a trifle above the level of
the camera.
work. in rooms of limited dimensions, as
these lenses show great concentration of
subject. .
For instantaneous exposures always use
a No. 4 or No. 8 diaphragm, never smaller.
For. time exposures, with' No. 16 stop,
expose 1-10 of 1 second.
For time exposures, .with No. 32 stop,
expose 1-5 of 1 second.
For time exposures, with No. 64 stop,
expose 1-3 of 1 second.
Accompanying this lens there are seven
stops or diaphragms In the order shown
In diagram No. 2.
Let us presume your lens registers In
speed the one hundredth part of a sec
ond. I would then use the following
table for approximate exposures, at least
until your experience may lead you to a
closer and more accurate division of time.
WITH A WINTER LIGHT-12 O'CLOCK
NOON.
rule which can be followed In most in
stances or which can be added to as his
experience may suggest.
For example, a 6x4 Rectilinear or any
double lens Is usually about a six and a
half inch focus, and the largest diaph
ragm has an opening of the size sho'wn In
diagram No. 3.
camera. 1-60 of 1 second.
Boats and water scenes, angle toward
earners, 1-25 of 1 second; at right angle
to camera, 1-60 of 1 second.
Children playing, angle toward camera,
1-60 of 1 second; at right angle to camera,
1-100 of 1 second. :
Cycling or horse trotting, ordinary gait,
angle toward camera. 1-100 of 1 second;
at right angle to camera, 1-2U0 of 1 second.
Athletic sports, running, jumping, etc.,
angle toward camera, 1-150 of 1 second: at
right angle to camera, 1-400 of 1 second. .
Cycle or horse racing, angle toward
camera, 1-200 of 1 second; at right angle
to camera, 1-GQO of 1 second.
The above lsicalculated for: A 4x5. cam
era at B0 feet from the object; a 6x7 cam
era at 60 feet from the 6bject; a «HxS%
camera at 75 feet from the object; an 8x10
camera at 100 feet from the object.
If the object is at a. greater distance
slower exposures can be used; if nearer
the camera, quicker exposures should be
given.
It will not be many weeks before you
have made your own table for both time
and Instantaneous exposures.
The majority of professional photogra
phers use the highly sensitized plates fop
all kinds of work. Including: ' bo tti tlma
Again let me strongly recommend to the
novice a camera provided with a ground
glass plate for his studies of distances
and effects. He should become familiar
with this before he branches into the un
certainty of space and depends wholly for
his information as to the correctness ot
Impressions upon the small view finder at
the side of the kodak.
This effect Is most commonly the re
sult of carelessness In the use of the fo
cusing scale of feet placed upon closed
cameras provided with roll films, as ko
daks. These Instruments are without the
focusing ground glass. As an Illustra
tion of this fact, suppose you have pur
chased a No. 5 cartridge kodak with a
roll of films. Now the distance between
your subject and the lens If less than 100
feet must be measured. If the object to
be photographed is ten feet distant and
the pointer on the focused scale marks
twenty feet, the result will b« a negative
such as that from which Plate No. « 13
printed. Cameras are generally of uni
versal focus for distances greater than 100
feet. In using this Instrument calculate
as closely as possible the distance la feet
between your subject and the lens; then
set the pointer to correspond wltli tats
number upon the focusing scale. X have
known an amateur to have more than
thirty exposures to turn out total failures
because she neglected to take advantage,
of this assistance In focusing. Again I
have known several Instances of ama
teurs not using the focusing rack at ail
not because they forgot to focus, but be
cause they did not know that It was
necessary. I would, however, advise th»
beginner to use a camera provided with
the ground glass until his eyes become
accustomed to judging distances and fo
cusing correctly. l>*'.%
To gain experience In this Us* It wonld
be well to measure off distances of six,
ten. fifteen, twenty-five, fifty, seventy
five and a hundred feet, respectively, and
Impress their relative appearance* upon
the mind.
This practice will prove very helpful la
many photographic emergencies.
If the view to be portrayed Is. say, a
ravine, perhaps a. mile or more In depth,
you should focus upon some object in th«
center of the landscape. Close your lens
down to a No. 16 or No. 32 stop, and you
will secure the extreme as well as th»
middle distance In sharp outline.
PICTURES OUT OP FOCUS.
How could any one live In this age of
progress, love of beauty and refinement
with such a narrow mind, especially a
traveler? I was anxious to see his col
lection, so shortly made him a visit and
viewed his photographs— and what did I
find? The same old stereotyped, ever
handled, threadbare pictures that every
traveler has almost forced upon him.
Look at the photographs of this tourist
and compare them with those of one's
own taking. Is there any comparison as
regards interest and happy memories be
tween the two? The purchased photo
gTaph is cold In tone and feeling, with
out Incident or association.
By all means own your own camera:
learn how to operate it and have the
ready wit to make your tour not only a
success to yourself, but also a pleasure
to your friends upon your return home.
have the finest collection of foreign pic
tures (photographs) that any one would
desire to possess. What's the use of all
the trouble, expense and labor of owning
and operating a camera? At the best
you never succeed in having more than 40
per cent of your photographic work turn
out well?"
portance of perspective In thd *«?**• «£
sltlons of the lens and the subject . TJ
Illustrate this point, suppose a post plaeaa
twenty feet from the camera, *** **Z
other but ten feet from It. The poat
which is ten feet distant will naturally
Ippear much larger on the *»»£*'•
of the camera than the one which Is
twenty feet away. So It is when a sub
}S to seated upon a chair, with hand,
and feet extended toward the cimora.
Those members will naturally be reflect
ed as larger in proportion to the rwtof
the body, and in the finished picture will
displease the eye by their exaggerated,
size, as in plate No. 5 A. This error ts
frequently made in photographing ani
mals, when the head il generally mada
too prominent, and apparently magni
fied. This is Illustrated In plate No. »
B. It does not appear In such a • P*o
nounced- form in landscape work, al
though equally noticeable to the cbserv-
Should the subject be a flrura. It i*
•well to place the camera slightly t» th«
ride of the sitter, thus equalizing th«
proporton of distance. This can also b«
done to advantage In photographing ani
mals, etc
Study to use the most artlsuo and pic
turesque effects. It will take more time.
but in the end your labors will be well
rewarded.
*=jr* HIS is the first of a series of
three articles by Charles M. Tay
* lor Jr., the famous artist, trav
eler and lecturer, on the uses and
abuses of photography, under the
catchy title, "Why My Photos Are
Bad,"' in which the talented writer,
"in memory of the many trials
and errors of my own experience
in photography." has "launched
this little volume on its career,
hoping it may aid the ambitious be
ginner and enable him to avoid the
most common mistakes incident to
the first stages of this interesting
study, while at the same time bring
ing him face to face with his most
glaring defects," in a terse, snappy,
authoritative way that is truly edify
ing after all the bewildering and
voluminous literature on this sub
ject that has gone before. The second
article will be printed next Sunday.
Copyright, 1302. by Geo. W. Jacobs & Co.
PART I.
£-r^HK author takes It for granted that
I the amateur has received his first
I lesson from the dealer who provided
I his camera and outfit. This lesson
"* generally relates to the manner of
rutting the plates In the plate-holder and
oral instructions as to the making of a
picture. These brief directions tan be
given in the tpace of an hour. Dealers
also generally have u. dark room or closet
In their stores for the convenience of cus
tomers. In this interview the manipula
tion of the shutter for instantaneous and
time, exposures is likewise explained.
After this your troubles will come and
you will truly think: "How abject, how
august, how complicated, how wonderful
is"— the camera!
The chief difficulty here is in estimating
by the eye the correct distance in feet be
tween the object to be photographed and
the operator, end Betting the pointer at
the proper scale. A miscalculation would
throw the picture out of focus and pro
duce a blur; practice, however, enables
<jne to overcome this.
[The tourist should have his fJms, rolls
er glass plate* hermetically sealed In tin
boxes, and after exposure they should be
returned to the sealed tin boxes. This Is
a safeguard against the dampness and
variable climates of other countries, and
also protects them from the attacks of
the proverbial and Ill-disposed "baggage
«n*eher." *
'While traveling in the interior of Ja
pan. I lost folly 250 plates which had been
carefully exposed by not observing this
simple precaution.
I would also advise the traveler to be
come thoroughly acquainted with his
camera *nd lens before starting on his
Journey, lest he repeat the disappointing
experience of a celebrated explorer, who
took, as he supposed, more than 600 pic
ture*, which should have proved exceed
ingly valuable as scientific studies and
ojJbier Important data.
"jr?pon.' v developing the plates on his re
turn ffbme not a trace of the interesting
subjects was visible. Some ; mistake in
manipulating the chatter was responsible
f cr the Irreparable misfortune. Ills plates
tee re all blacks.
Your dealer will always allow you am
ple time to test a camera, and It will re
pay y° u t0 embrace this opportunity, and
rot decide too hastily upon your photo
praphic outfit. Above all, do not hesitate
to ask for Information regarding any
point upon which you are In doubt. I
once had for a traveling companion on
the continent a man who always main
tained that to make Inquiries was a cure
sign of Ignorance. Be that as it may. It
la also the sure means of lessening that
THE SU;ND JLY CALL.
11
WHY MY PHOTOGRAPHS ARE BADTHE SUNDAY CALL,
12
CUP BUTTON HOSTS
FROM the tirst settlement of Cali
fornia by the Americans the gal
lant wearers of the buttons— both
army and navy— have been prom
inent features in the life of San
Francisco. 'Even some of the principal
streets are named for them, such as
Montgomery, Dupont, Jackson, Washing
ton. Fremont, Grant avenue, etc. But it
Is perhaps as hosts that the majority of
them are remembered In our midst, and
their parties have been of every imagin
able kind, including balls, dances, lunch
eons, picnics by sea and land, afternoon
receptions afloat and ashore,- garden par
ties and weddings; and when not actually
figuring as entertainers themselves they
have proved the motive for some very
elaborate functions at the hands of our
city fathers and other dwellers within the
State. The Presidio was almost as famous
for good cheer in the o'd days as it Is at
present. There were fewer dances, but
more breakfasts and luncheons given by
the officers to small parties of friends.
The first dance of any importance which
attained the dignity of a ball was given
May 2. 1S59, in celebration of the tenth
anniversary of the establishment of the
post. Mrs. C. C. Keer.ey— afterward Mrs.
William Alvord— who died on May 23
last, received the guests for the of
ficers, among whom were Major after
ward General E. D. Keyes. Lieutenant
afterward Adjutant General of the Army
H. G. Gibson. Lieutenant r terward Gen
eral J. B. McPherson, killed during the
Civil War; Lieutenant G. W. Custis Lee,
afterward a Confederate officer; Lieuten
ant afterward General George H» Elliott,
Capta'in afterward Brigadier General
Simpson, Surgeon C. C. Keeney, etc.
A very popular coupie were Colonel and
Mrs. Thomas Swords, who were here for
several years about the close of the it's.
Colonel Swords was chief quartermaster
r.f the Department of California, and they
were the recipients of many social hospi
talities, which they were anxious to re
turn, but living at a hotel were Tn doubt
how it could be done.
Finally Admiral (then captain) Alden,
vho was always ready for such affair*--,
offered Mrs. Swotds the United States
purveying steamer Active for an excur
sion on the bay, which was promptly ac
cfpted. As the day fixed for the party
was one of great beauty— as October day?
hereabouts usually are — the affair proved
a delightful one. Mrs. Swords had pro
vided a band of music for dancing, which
was indulged In vigorously while the
iteamer made a tour around the bay,
coming to a stop off Sausa'.Ito while an
elaborate luncheon was served. Then
. (here was more dancing while the steam
er made a run up the bay to Mare Island
before the pleasant day came to an end
The following year Colonel and Mrs.
Bwords supplemented this with a ball
given at the residence of JJIshop Kip, on
Rincon Hill, where th" Swords resided
Curing the absence of the Bishop's fam-
Uy in Europe. This was one of much
brilliancy, for owing to the presence of a
British man-of-war (flagship) In port
:he admiral and his officers, who were
i among -Mrs. Swords' guests, and those of
t|e United States service all wore their
uniforms, and the black coats were decid
edly in the minority.
The military ball which has been most
; widely known to fame was undoubtedly
j the one given by General and Mrs. Mc-
Dowell at the Occidental in January. 1865.
for not alone was It extensively written
up by the daily press, but It wp.p immor
talized in John F. Swift's novel, "Robert
Greathouse." where McDowell figured
under the name of General Chalnshot.
The ball was given about the close of the
war and did much to smooth the strained
relations and promote a kindlier feeling
between those whose leanings v."?re de
cidedly North and South, as was f.o large
ly the case at that tlm«. General Mc-
Dowell was exceedingly fond of having
people about him and giving the young
folks a good ume, and to him may be
awarded the credit of the first garden
parties in San Francisco. To be sure,
they were simple affairs, diamonds In the
rough, so to SDeak, but they were very
pleasant. The grounds at Black Point,
now known as Fort Mason, were then
(the middle sixties) very uncultivated, but
there was always a good military band
in attendance and a large unfurnished,
uncarpeted room to dance in, and the
refreshments were usual y S3ndwl;-h<8 and
lemonade. These' were given the first
Thursday afterno<ni of every month and
were sometimesipreceded by^a review at
the Presidio in honor of some visiting
notable, like H. R. H. le Due de Pen
thievre in 1S66 and Governor Kennedy of
British Columbia the following year.
During General McDowell's, second sta
tion on the coast Black Point was a'gain
the scene of merry - parties, notably in
1SS0, when he there entertained President
Hayes, and in October t 1SS2, he gave a
large l«all there a? a sort of adfeu just
prior to his retirement from active ser
vice. This was followed by a reception
given him on that event becoming an ac
complished fact. It took place October
14. at the Occidental, when his hosts were
the officers, of the army then stationed
here.
Next In the line of army garden part'es
were those given by General and Mr?.
Kautz, at Ansel Island, in 18S1 and 1882.
where on Saturda'y afternoons their
friends always enjoyed a couple of hours'
dancing. General Schofleld. who succeed
ed General McDowell, was also a frequent
entertainer at Black Point, and among
others the garden parties were especially
notable.
It was In ,1866 that General H. W. Hal
leck returned here to take command of
this department. The Hallecks had re
sided here before the .Civil War broke out
and had a very handsome home on what
was then railed fSecond Street Hill, just
above Folsom street. Here they again
took up their abode. 'announcing their In
tention of making it very gay.^and Mrs.
Halleck in the month of April opened the
programme by giving a large ball, fol
lowed by a series of receptions, at which
all the world and his wife appeared. Mrs
Halleck was asslsteu at these receptions
by the lovely wives of her husband's two
a!ds. Captain H. A. Huntingtcn and Col
onel R. M. Scott, and as Mrs. Halleck
was herre f a veiy handsome wjir.an. with
Mrs. Huiitir.gtou and Mrs. Scott a trio of
more beautiful women it would have been
difficult to rind.
A button beau who probably ereited
more stir in our midst than any before or
since was Brigadier General Charlts A.
Whittier. who cut a wide swath in our
social world in IS16, when he came to the
ctast upon Gtneial Hallecks staff, lie
was youthful looking In the extreme to be
a general and he was soon dubbed by
the fair sex "the Infant brigadier." Whit
tier was In great demand at every kind of
function, from the small .dinner to the
giand ball, and he returned these hospi
talities by giving a couple of yachting
parties on the bay on the pilot boat Gush
ing. However, on the second one the
party was becalmed near the Heads,
*here they were forced to spend the
night in a dense bank o'f foj. so this form
of pleasure seeking was abandoned ntim
con.
But our button hosts were by no means
confined to the army; the navy surely
has divided the honors fairly from a very
early period, commencing with Captain
Alden, who was in command of the sur
veying steamer Active. He and his suc
cessor, Captain Richard M. Cuyler, were
both men who were fond of society and
gay frolics and never lost a chance of
having one on board the vessel. Captain
Alden had his wife with him and she.
making her home on the Active, had
many luncheons on board. Cuyler was a
bachelor, but that did not prevent his fol
lowing in hi* predecessor's footsteps. He
gave .frequent moonlight rowinr parties
on the bay and when the Active went
anywhere on short trips he always took
a jolly crowd with him.' Admiral Bell
then called flag officer— gave a series of
luncheons on board the Lancaster when
it first appeared in these waters early In
the sixties, and among his officers was
Lieutenant W. Scott Schley, who, as Ad
miral Schley, has recently so extensively
figured before the public. Another Df the
officers " of this period was Paymaster
Pelham Ames, now so well known as the
father of our present society beau,
"Worthy." '
The first naval ball on board ship In our
ha'bor was given on the frigate Lancas
ter, which was under command of Cap
tain E. P. McCrea, by the wardroom offi
cers in June, 1865. The decks were can
vased in, lighted with lanterns and can
dles and prettily decorated, and as the
Lancaster's band was one of much ex
cellence, the dance was a delightful on».
This was followed a month later by a
subscription ball given at the Occidental
Hotel to Admiral Pearson and his officers
by those who had been iffvlted to the ball
on board ship and proved a charming one.
The next naval ball In the bay took place
on board the United States steamer
Vanderbllt in October, 1866, but^as the
night was inclement it did not. prove so
successful as the other. The officers of
the Pensacola, whicn succeeded the Lan
caster as flagship, gave a series of after
noon dances on board, but did not at
tempt any evening entertainments. It was
about this time that Lieutenant Com
mander dishing, the hero of the Aibe
marle, gave a yachting party in honor of
Miss Ella Maxwell, to whom he was very
devoted. She was the reigning beauty and
belle of the day and one of the trio known
as "the three Macks." who figured during
the early sixty decade, the other two be
ing Miss Mollie McMullin and Miss Jlc~'
Nulty. ;.
How many. are there* remaining who
can recall the ball given on board II. B.
M. Zealous In July, 1870, followed by a
long series of weekly afternoon dances
on that man-of-war while It was In port
duiing the time of the Franco-German
war. The bail given by the young gen
tlemen of the city at Pacific Hall, over
the old California Theater, to Admiral
Farquhar and his officers as a slight re
turn for their many hospitalities is still
talked of as something to date from. A
more hospitable place than the navy yard
at Mare Island cannot easily be found;
dinners and dances among the resi
dents are always taking place, and large
balls have been given there since the
Island was first occupied as a naval sta
tion. One of the first notable affairs was
an afternoon dance given by .Captain
Philip Fendtil of the Marine Corps to in
augurate the new marine barracks. To
this the guests came up by the regular
daily steamer from town, returning the
same way, but at the balls and recep
tions given by some of the men-of-war
there for a time, or on the arrival of
some new commandant, the dances take
place in the large sail loft, and the
guests from the city are brought up on
a specially chartered steamer, as^ for
instance the ball given to Commodore
and Mrs. Phelps In February, 1831, which
was a remarkably handsome affair, but
that is only one out of many..
It is not alone as hosts themselves that
the button-wearers have been promi
nent, but some of the most brilliant en
tertainments ever given in these parts
have been to do honor to those high in
rank of both army and navy, foreign and
national. The of 1863 was es
peclally v noted for two functions the
brilliancy of which has never been ex
ceeded. One was the ball given by our
Spanish residents in honor of the Span
ish Admiral Pinzon and the officers of bis
squadron— this by the way was the first
of that nationality which had visited this
port since California became part of 'the
United States. At the ball there were no
less than five .admirals and their officers
present — the Spanish, Russian, French.
English and United States, and, as they
all appeared in uniform, the display of
buttons and gold lace was truly dazzling.
This ball was given at Platt's Hall, wher«
the Mills building now stands, on tho
evening of October 16, 1863. Those on the
committee of reception • were Camilla
Martin, F. San Jurjo, Henry Tricou, Tib
urdo Parrott, Henry Schmledell, H. Toler
Booraem, Fred Macondray, W. C*. Little,
Ed Pinnix, J. Foard and P. Garvey.
More important .probably and on •
grander scale, but hardly more brilliant*
was the ball given by the city to the
Russian Admiral Popoff and the officers
of his fleet at Union Hall just a month
later, November 17, 1863. Platt's was a
dark hall and difficult to light up, as a
consequence the ladies' costumes did not
show to advantage. This could not ba
said of Union Hall, which could be made
almost as bright as day. Flowers and fo
liage were not in . those days so much
used for decorating large halls as now,
the national colors were deemed sufficient
and almost solely put to use. But on this
occasion something quite novel was at
tempted and proved very effective. On
both sides of the hall, which was an im
mense one, pillars and arches were erect
ed and wreathed around with green vines;
from the of each arch was sus
pended a gilt cage containing birds
which tried to drown the music of tha
band with their sweet notes. Then tbere
were portaits of the Russian Emperor'
and Empress and George Washington
and large allegorical pictures surrounded
by sheaves of wheat and corn, wreaths
and mottos, so that on the> whole It was,
up to that time, the most lavishly deco
rated ballroom San Francisco had evei
seen. All the civic notables, foreign Con«
suls, army and navy officers, were among
the guests and the following gentlemen
constituted the committee of arrange
ments-: Governor F. F. Low, Judge Og
den Hoffman, Brigadier General Wright,'
U. 8. A.; Admiral Bell, U. S. N.; Generall
L. II. Allen, Colonel C. L. Taylor, Major]
John Hewston, Captain W. C. Little. Col- 1
lector Charles J. James, W. B. Farwell, 1
W. C. Ralston, Charles Walcott Brookes,
William K. Garrison; Fred Macondray f
J. Ward Eaton, Fred MacCrellish, W. R.
Greenwood. Mayor H. P. Coon. Major EL>,
Sparrow Purdy, Eugene Casserly,. L. H.J
Washburn, B. C. Howard, R. Chenery.
The three most brilliant private balld|
given tu officers of high rank all tooli
place at Belmont. Two were clven bj
Ralston, whose guests were Admiral Far
ragut in September, 1S69, and General W.
T. Sherman in September, 1870, while Gen
eral Grant was the hero to whom Sena*
tor Sharon did honor in ' October, 1879.
Kalston always did everything in a most
princely style. Carriages called for th«
guests In town to take them to tho spe
cial train which con\ r eyed them to Bel
mon't; there they found the entire house
thrown open, a superb band of music to
dance to and a magnificent supper. Whlla
Ral3ton's balls were smaller In size and
decidedly more enjoyable, the Sharon-
Grant ball was a gorgeous affair and
more of a semi-public character as all
political gatherings must naturally be.
General Sherman and General Schofleld
were Joint guests of honor pt a ball given
by the city in the dining-room of the
Lick House a couple of weeks after the
Ralston ' entertainment September 15,
1S70.
The afternoon receptions on board tha
Philadelphia and the balls at the Presidio,
especially the one given by the cavalry
at that post a few seasons ago, are well
remembered and of so recent a date as
not to reauire extended mention here.
Button cotillons leaders are - now
among the most popular in-our swim. 'in
fact there are few ' civilians who can
compete with them. The first in that Una
was Lieutenant William Al. Tompkins ol
the Third Artillery, who flourished here
in 1863-4 as one of the best chuicers in
the United States army, though closely
pressed by c olonel William K. Smed
berfi. ;Bruno is a splendid big fellow weighing
a hundred and fifty pounds. That is as
much as a good-sized man. you see. He
is wonderfully strong and can travel half
a dozen miles without feeling the ieast
bit tired. He is as useful as a little pony
for he 1« »» strowr.
When Mr. Platt, -Anita's father; decided
to break Bruno into harness, he took him
over to the Pleasanton race track and put
Bruno is a Et. Bernard dog of the most
aristocratic dog family. His sire was
Rox-er. a distinguished St. Bernard, be
longing to Chris Buckley and kept on his
Uvermore ranch. His brothers and sis
ters have Ix-en great show dogs, the most
famous of them being Monarch Bernard
and King Bernard, who have captured
many priz'-s when ihtir owner. George A.
Davis, hufi exhibited them. Bruno him
self. Mr. Platt Bays. Is not a show dig
In California, for here it is customary to
enter only thos^e St. Bernards having the
orange body. Bruno's body is whiie. shot
ted with dark orange, and in England
this coiorlns would be all right. Chris
Uuckley cays he is the linage of Rover.
»T OW would you like to be ths l!t:'«
1 \ girl who drives this famous trot-
I I ting dog? Or, If you are a boy,
J* J wouldn't you like to do it your
*^ self? It's no glrly game, let me
tell you. No matter how much of a boy
you are. you would find it a very eporty
proceeding to drive Bruno.
Maybe you think you could make a bet
ter record if vou held the lines. Well,
prove It If you can. Little Miss Anita
Platt whom you see in the picture drove
him In his record time which la 5:15*4.
What do you think of that? Pretty good
time for a dog to make, isn't It?
Bruno and his little mistress live In
Pleasanton at the none of Arthur J.
Platt. Th*>y have both lived there all their
lives. Anita is five years old, just one
year older than Bruno, and they can
neither of them remember when they were
not chums.
Mr. Platt got a fine coasting wagon for
Anit« with a good spring a-at and he
filtt* out Bruno with a complete harness.
line", backhand, breaat plate and all. So
the outfit is a very smart one.
Everybody in Pleasanton knows Anita
and Bruno. The people there are always
glad to see the little girl and the big dug
coming along the street, and there Is no
one but has a pleasant good morning
for both of them. If Anita wants to go to
see on« of. her many little friends Bruno
is hitch' d up and away they go. Whf n
she is .six ytars old. old enough to s n -°
school, Bruno will carry her to the school
house every day.
In Pleasanton every one talks about
racing, ao Anita decided to try her dog'*
epeed. She drove him many times on tha
track and at last succeeded In making the
5:15*4 record.
Bruno is a useful member of the Platt
household, for he id not only as good as a
horse, but he is a fine watch dog as well.
And 1 if any one should try to break Into
the Platt home Bruno would be sure to
protect Anita first of all
From her Bruno learned to turn accord
ing to the rein pulled. At first he turned
so shortly that he cramped the wagon
until it tipped over, but he felt very badly
when he saw his little mistress fall out
and he has been careful ever since.
him to work. He took to his harness llk»
a cluck to water. He did not try to run
away or jump and frolic or lie down as a
mischievous or a lazy dogr would do. At
first Mr. Platt led him. then he put Anita
into the little cart and gave her the lines
and sh* drove. £C££Blft£
ANITA PLATT AND HER FAMOUS TROTTING DOG BRUNO WHICH HOLDS THE WORLD'S RECORD FOR SPEED
and with this artistic temperament Is
combined a slight disinclination to
exert physical energy. While kind and
considerate of othfrs. the dash of persist
ence and the practical appreciation in the
carrying out of ideas successfully are
generally found to be lacking. Those
whose mirth expres?ca~It3elf after the
Venus style are lovers of ease and com
fort, peace and happiness, while combined
with a want of. caution Is a natural in
clination to place too much confidence in
others, especially where their affections
are concerned. ,
The Marttan laugh Is of a broad and
hearse variety, starting in very loud and
ending suddenly in the same p'tch, with
a repetition of the hoarseness, with
scarcely any expression. The owner of a
Martian laugh has a bold and fearless na
ture, always defiant, and with (he saving
grace ot being eager to take up the cud
gels for others. He (for the Martian
laughter is usually masculine) likes to
take the lead In everything, if not by per
suasion, then by force. Among political
stump speakers this expression of merri
,ment is most common, so says the author
ity.
It is accompanied by a love of opposi
tion and a fearless energy .fn attacking
arguments of all kinds. While thorough-
ly capable ot guarding the secrets of
others, a person of this type would scorn
to appear to conceal his own. Ke would
prefer rather to feel, that he had nothing
to conceal. A weakness or this type is it3
susceptibility to llattery. combined with
a strong desire not to be crossed in any
way. As a bit of advice it is suggested
that the only way to manage tlic Martian
laugher is to give him free rein.
An open laugh is the one designated as
The possessor of this laugh is said to be
Toad cf the beautiful temperament in life.
For rr.rn OS? «•!* and smile ar.d r»*tur*.
But Uuch. an<J they reveal their nature. ,
LAUGH, says the prophet of the new
6cier.ee, and your character may
bp read like an open book. Tour
good poir.ts and had ones, no mat
ter how cleverly you try to con
ccaJ them, stand revealed by thj^ spon
taneous exrr*-ssion -of mirth, whose every
Infection has a vast significance to the
etuder.t listener.
Better than j>alm reading, better than
the study of facial lines or the tones of
the gpeaklr.g voice Is the laugh, the emo
tional outburst of the soul, as an indica
tion of character. At least this is as
eerted by the originator of the new riature
study. Both the face and voice betray
characteristics and temperament, but
laughter, ¦which is an outburst of pleas
ure, when It is a natural vent to feel
ing, 1* sincere and free from affectation
and should be taken as showing the true
bosL
Laughter is music, and, like music, it is
pitched in various keys and is accom
panied with modifications which may \n
classified as piano, pianissimo, forte, for
tissimo, crescendo, staccato. s_j-ncopa. In
other words, there la the moderate laugh,
tha trestle laugh, the loud and the bolster
oca, the Increasing and the well marked
one, the Blurring, besides a thousand
blcndlcra of all of these can be read as
easily aa music. The Venus laugh Is
a feminine ore and denotes a lov
lar «-nd sympathetic nature. It begins
•cftljr tr.d in a moderate key swells
gradually tato a crescendo, then dimin-
Ithaa In the came manner to the eIow
rentla tones in which it first fell upon
'the ear.
Slow to anger are the Apollonlana, but
when once the passion Is roused ther» is
a struggle to conceal It from others.
They dislike controversy. There are real
ly two sides to the nature of those of
Apollo qualities— one by which they are
usually judged: the other which la littlo
kno-KTV-but whlch # nevertheless. Is their
true soul expressed through their work.
They make lasting and loyal friends, yet
are themselves undemonstrative in their
friendship. It Is Impossible to manage
them by opposition, for while apparently
yielding to lnSuer.ce they are In reality
merely avoiding argument.
The seven different laughs as depicted
are either normal or abnormal, accord
ing to the individual. Mhe characteris
tics here set forth are those of the nor
mal laugh.
There are countless blendings and com
binations of these characteristics which
may be good or bad in accordance with
the Qualities predominating. All. how
ever, must fome under the seven princi
pal kinds sat for by the student, he af
firms.
The Apollonian laugh la oftenest found
among actors, sculptors, slngera, physi
cians and writers. Persons possessing
this laugh aspire to great height*.
They are ambitious for rame and honor
rather than vast fortunes, and their am
bitions are generally gratified. The Apol
loniana seem to be born with a definite
purpose In life, which they stick to tena
ciously until It la accomplished. They ara
jcreat philosophers, these Apollonian*,
and their effect upon those with whom
they come In contact Is most beneficial
They scorn criticism as well as flattery;
they are even tempered and always en
deavored to show the sunny aide of their
nature. .*'"•.
laugh Is characterized by a certain firm
ness which' expresses Itself In & middling
tone that is soft and mellow. This laugh
may be said to resemble slightly that ot
Jupiter and Luna, because of Its thought
ful, ambitious and penetrating tones.
though he may be Ignorant of the causa
for It. The Jupiter laugh is broad, mu
sical and lasting; it begins in a loud tone,
though far from being boisterous, and
finishes in a slow diminisMng of volume.
This laugh indicates a bold, fearless and
ambitious nature, full of pride and force
of character, which combination of qual
ities almost inevitably lead to a success
ful business and social life. The promi
nent leaders In both these spheres will
be found to be owners of, Jupiterian emo
tions.
Such persona are kind and sympathetic,
with judgment and practicality sufficient
to steer them on their successful career
and avoid the rocks. Owing to their un
usual strength of character thia type dis
plays few really bad habits, while they
possess the pride and ambition to make
them excellent providers for the home.
The only way to appeal to persons of this
character is by reasoning or through
their sympathies when they are thor
oughly convinced that the subject 1m
worthy.,' The Lunarian laugh begins at
a high pitch and ends in a low, mellow
tone, often ascending again with a gentl«
slur as its volume and tone increase. It
Is full of grace and has a dreamy ef
fect, which is attractive to the listener.
The Lunarian laugh means an Intensely
imaginative nature, and ofteneat Is found
among poets and. authore.
Shakespeare, Longfellow, Burns. Tenny
son, Poe and men of this stamp must
have possessed such a laugh. The Lun
arians live in the clouds rather than on
earth. They are inventors, though not
financially successful ones. When a per
son possesses this laugh to excess the
imaginative nature take:) on a melancholy
tone. He or she loves to roam in se
cluded places where admiration and
thoughts of nature may revel undisturbed.
To influence this type, listen to the re
cital of their troubles— which are seeming
ly, legion— sympathize with them and by
various means endeavor to make them
forget about themselves. The Apollonian
While far from being of a gluttonous
nature, they are good livers, fastidious
about their dress and every outward as
sociation. The Mercurians arc admitted
ly money makers; they possess keen ob
servation, self-confidence and caution to
an unusual degree. - To win their favor
flattery and pra'.se are the surest roads.
Full, hearty and cheerful is the Jupiter
laugh, and as 'its very first ripplea of
merriment burst forth there is a spon
taneous response from everywhere, A
listener cannot help joinlr.g in the laugh.
Rarest of all Is the Mercurlan laugh,
for those possessing It laugh but tittle,
yet wear a lasting and ponetratlng «mile.
This laugh may be descr'bed hs sofi and
cynical, one tone slurring to another with
a slight crescendo. It denotes a strong
will,' penetrating insight, coupled with a
scheming nature. The Mercurians j are
kind to those they love, but are ever on
the lookout to find faults in others. They
are quick to sfee a point. They are self
centered and absurdly conscious of their
own appearance. /
eaturnlan. It has a quick, nervous and
staccato expression, swelling loudly one
minute, the next dropping to a very low
tone. Emotion is strongly in evidence in
this type and the laugher shakes excess
ively. While neither musical to the ear
nor attractive to the eye, ttie saturnian
type possesses redeeming qualities in its
sensitiveness, but this is very apt to de
velop into a nervousness that is fatal to
the perfection of any undertaking- These
persons work better mentally than phy
sically. They are extravagant of time,
money and sympathy, become entirely too
confiding for their own good, are easily
angered or grieved, yet readily recover
from either state. If it is a feminine Mar
tian laugh the owner is without doubt
llckle and fluctuating in her sentiments;
they ask advice eagerly, but'ae'dom fol
low it. which Is not a bad rule after a'!—
«nd there is evident a very dec-tried ten
dency to gossip. The best way to appeal
to such is through their sympathies.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
THE
TELL TALE
LAUGHding ring also.
After the engagement the intercourse
naturally partakes of more freedom and
it is then that a girl has a chance to
study more closely the nature and dispos!-
is nut a nt associate for the vilest that
lives. He will be suspicious and cynical
all the time. And remember on* thing—
when love is not a blessing it Is the most
awful curse. COLONEL KATEL
INCE the Sunday ' Call issued the
Vo\ flrst ot lts exclusive series of Bry-
V~ 1 son's famous women In cardinal
colors, "Love's Confidence," on
.* July 12, innumerable inquiries have
been received asking the most minute
questions about the career and mere par
ticularly the personnel or this talented
artist and his method of working.
: J. Ross Bry son ¦> is a comparatively
young' man and a Canadian by birth; hav
ing been born near Montreal of very well
to-do Scotch parents. Ills future was as
sured, but at an early age he was appren
ticed to a firm of decorative painters, but
the mystery of this broad world beyond
his vision attracted him, and he Jour-,
neyed into the Rocky Mountains In search
of adventure and scenes to tempt ¦ his
brush v Later he returned to Chicago and
began to study in real earnest before ha
opened a studio - in ¦ Minneapolis just , for
the sake of the artistic atmosphere. / :
.Then, in 1894, the lure of the : world got
into his blood again and he was off for
Europe to study the great masters at flrst
hand and take lessons of th» best teach
ers.. .
Ballet dancers with their flimy draperies
and dainty poses particularly fascinated
him, and he soon won wide popularity for
the skill and. delicacy of his treatment of
these pictures.
And now comes this new" series. "The
Debutante," '.'The Queen of the Party,"
"The Lady in Green," "The Coquette"
and "Interested," all of which beautiful
art paintings will be given. to our readers
absolutely free. By special arrangement
with the artist the Sunday Call ; has se
cured the exclusive right to these beauti
ful pictures and Is having them repro
duced in the most exqulsl te tints known
to modern art.
• Each picture represents a beautiful girl
in a. clinging gown of truly striking hue,
who combines in her pose all the seduc
tiveness of Carmen with the illusive mys
tery and * charm , of . Faust, and to make
the series more wonderfully attractive
each i picture Is reproduced In a different
combination of colors, especially for fram
ing.
; When you • realize that special instruc
tions * from the -best framing experts in
the land, telling you just exactly how to
frame ? the ? pictures and what " they will
cost, go with each picture, you can gain
some faint Idea of what a valuable col
lection this really Is., As soon as you see
the flrst you will simply have to have the
whole series complete.
childhood to womanhood has a deeper
significance, because of her untried faith,
than any experience that may come to
her later. Other loves deep and holy may
stir the depths of her woman soul, but
the piquancy of novelty that makes its
first Impression on herown pure heart,
her awakened soul with Its responsive
love that experience has not yet taught
her to repress— all the beauty of love's
flrst welcome she will never know again
as a tender, confiding child. She accepts
her flrst love lesson with all a child's
faith, hop© and love, and . never again
could she hear the same story with the
same unquestioning faith.
Later on she may learn to hate the
man, when association has destroyed her
Ideals and murdered her love, yet when
she first listened to Love's wx>oin* in*
heard for the s first time the ravishing
echoes of the music of the spheres.
A first. love letter marks another epoch.
How she reads and rereads between the
lines! There is a fascinatfon about love
letters that a woman is never too old t©
be insensible to.
Not many months ago a charming lit"
tie widow showed me the first love let
ter she had ever received. It was from
her husband and written after twenty
five years' of married life. Ho was her
only sweetheart and his wooing had been
very ardent and of short duration as left
no time for letter-writing. They had
never been separated during all their
wedded life' until after the quarter-cen
tury mark, when an accident necessitated
THE CREATOR OF THE
NEW "CARDINAL" PICTURES
tion of the man who has won''*** **«***•
Now. girls. 1 don't often preach, know
ing full well that you will do as you
please in spite of any advice that may
be: given you. But — don't marry a
man who makes you unhappy before
hand. Don't think he makes you miser
able Just because he loves you. Don't
think he is jealous because it breaks his
heart to see you speak to another fel
low. Don't think because he finds fault
with you that he will get over that. Hs
won't, but he will get worse than ever
after he gets you. And. for heaven'*
sake, don't marry a man to reform him.
Cheerfully award that kind of contract
to the other woman. You don't want a
man who needs reforming. If you see his
fallings so plainly as to fear that hs
needs reforming Just quit the Job, be
cause hs will make an awfully unsatisfac
tory husband. And don'.t marry a pauper.
LoVe isn't a bit appetizing when you hav«
to be your own scrubtady. and'dishwash
ing lady. Don't marry beneath you. A
man always resents a woman's superior
ity and slurs at her "airs in the moat dis
agreeable manner. Don't marry a man
who does not speak well of ' women and
has not the proper respect for them. A
man who dues not believe in good women
her removal to a hospital. It was during
this time that her husband wrote her
two or three tim^s each day. these let
ters being the first* she had ever received
from. him.
"Ill as I was." she said, "you cannot
imagine the feeling when I read his first
letter, which began: 'Just think, my
darling, this is the first letter I ever
wrote you.' " To very few women comes
such an experience so late in life, yet
there is a something awfully sweet and
pathetic underlying the sentiment that
appeals to every good woman.
And a first engagement ring!
1 wonder if anything ever gives a
woman such. unqualified delight as it? I
do not think the majority of women care
very much about the value of the ring:
it is the sentiment; but I do think that
a woman values an heirloom more than
another ring of several times the value.
An engagement ring, being supposedly
the first present that a man makes the
girl of his choice, it should be as hand
some as his purse will allow.
Diamonds' or birtbstones. or a birth
stone set between diamonds, are the
proper caper, yet many are old-fashioned
enough to prefer the small round gold
ring that later on does duty for the wed-
BE kind to her because she knows
rot what she does. Be patient with
her because she is not responsible.
B« gentle to her because both her
head and her heart are too soft at
this stage to resist rough usage. Be con
siderate with her because a fel'.ow feeling
makes us wondrous kind, and we do not
Teallze what trials we may have be*n in iu
the days gone by. when we too suffered
the agonizing throes that are now tor
turing her spirit.
Tho girl who is t" love Is interesting
from various standpoints. There la noth
ing *o horrid, nothing so hateful, nothing
so adorable, nothing so fiendish, nothing
eo sciflsh. nothing so unreasonably noth
ing so aggravating, nothing so exasper
ating as the girl in her first spasms of
love who thinks she is the one and only,
tfrl who ever did. would, or could love,
and goes about with an injured air of
being so misunderstood until she becomes
an amalgamation of everything that is
mean and horrid. She makes herself and
everybody around her miserable e\en
while trying to persuade herseif tfcat she
is riotously happy. Sh* knows she is r-o
awfully abased because n«i one under
stands her, consequently she does not
receive one tithe of the sympathy to
which she feels hf rself entitled. Often
the is not deserving of one atom, but
then again comes that compassionate
feeling, and we wonder if we were ever
such trials and then we try to soothe
and comfort nor. although we are maJ
enough to kill her and end the whole busi
ness. Beside* you cannot tell whether it's
a case pf real love or liver pills.
When you come to think of tt. th
girl in love is really to be pitied. She
is not normal, and one-half the time not
reaily sane, although it would have l>cen
a dangerous business for any one to have
Insinuated such a condition In the days
when we were going through the con
tortions.
We have frequently tried to define love,
snd made a fizzle of it. although .-\t the
time, because we were writing Tor a
newspaper, we thought we knew it all,
but the more we have since tried to an
alyze love the more have we been con
vinced of the fizzle.
Love is a malady in the first place.
It Is a fever that Is sometimes followed
by a record-breaking shock and then an
awful chill, or the chill may get in the
first Innings. Anyhow, we shiver; and
shake, and quake all right, as long as
the paroxysm lasts as we never did iu
the ague of cur school days.
It is Insanity because we do things at
the time for which we are not responsi
ble and for which we have never been
able to give a rational excuse.
It is a sensation that overworks our
heart*, lciiames our brain*, tends tae
In smooth, wholesome channels; she es
capes much of the saddest experience
that a *rtrl ever faces.
An unfortunate love affair leave* Us
markings on a girls life that she carries
with her to the grave, and often suffer*
an estrangement from her parents for
which she could not account were it to
save her life.
It Is then. too. that a mother's heart
ache* and breaks.
From the mother's view it seem? a
cruelty of fate that a man or a woman, a
casual acquaintance you may say. the ac
cidental merlin* of two perfect strangers.
should work such havoc to a tie and sep
arate the child from the mother who has.
idolized it from the cradle.
The girl who is unhappy In her love had
better be wsmrd and crush out the love
in the bejtfnnfnjr, before she has it
I crushed for her. Young- people are very
ftrropant when love ru'es the way. Rea
son. Justlre . - n<l all the better qualities
of heart and mind are for^ott-n when it
cor"** to the question of the one beloved.
The jrirl <e radiant In her first love ami
the novelty of. her experience firea her
imagination with a blinding fia«h obscur
irp all that the ysrx of chi'.dhood have
buil<?c<1 up. ars.1 often the most sensible,
reasonable and lovable girl is transformei
into a disagreeable, unreasoning terror
when live hoWs sway.
Th» love 'that should mike vn happy
has a knack of jtuilrlag us rery m'serib'e
Just at the tim* when Hope puts the torch
to' l/OVe's beacon. . *: '
Fur what Kir", will listen to the reason
ing: f'T tfco?*» who love her?
Kvery word of advice phe resents as a
s!Icrht ur">n !:er own ju<3f;ni«»nt and she
\-iev.s COtwmop ff-rse ks nre.iudi'-e rather
Than th«- knowledge of charneur gleaned
throi'ch i»Vr-*?Jence of those better capa
ble of jurtplr.jr.
And thrice blessed is the girl who loves
wisely.
The pre*U essential to a barnv marrinpp
seems to fco equality o f environment! No
man or woman hn*« much chance of h.T»
plness in a marriage where the habits
and t-,»stes of the one a r e radically op
posed to thvse of the other.
The man who ha? never enioved tho
refinement and luxury of wealth •will de
generate into a s=r*enrlthr?ft. or he will
never evince an apprrd^t'on of surround
ings, nor will he sympatb'ze with a wife's
longing for the triPe<= that were a part
and parcel of her life. And there little
niceties play a more important part than
we think. >
; But the unhappy state is of «=iich mu'ti
ple occurrence that we pf*s it by for tbq
: pirl who is happy in her first love experi
¦ ence.
Granting all things equal and th^t an
engagement progresses in smooth running
• lines, yet there are many things that a
i girl should consider besides herself.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
creeps up our spines, and if we do not
get cress and dyspeptic then Providence,
who iia« a care for children and fools,
has been kinder than we wot of.
Happy Is the girl whose lore flows on
The happiest moment of a woman's life
Is when she hears for the' first time from
the lips of the. man who has won her
heart the mystical words, " "I love you."
Other happy sensations may come later
in life, but to tho girl In her beautiful
faith in all things good, before worldly
wisdom- has tinctured with i its acid , her
belief in all things sacred, the first lesson
of love that marks the transition from
14
THE GIRL WHO LOVESStella, Perry, San Leandro. "Flower Fables"; Lloyd Richardson, Byron, "Adventures In Tropics"; Jim
TCorrls, 1097 Leavenworth street, San Francisco. "Hunting In the West": Maud Jack, 1210 Turk street.
Ean Francisco, "New Fashioned Maid"; B. M. Bates, Santa Cruz. "Tom Brown's School Days"; Frank
Slmpsln, Berkeley. "Children of the Abbey"; Margie Blake, Oakland, "Children of the Abbey"; Ray
mond Wilson, Berenda, "The Deer Slayer"; Harry Masser. Los Angeles, "The Golden Canyon"; Leon
Cameron, Sal Devisadero* street. San Francisco, "Tom Brown's School Days"; Adolph Friesbach, Fruit
pale, "Flower Fables"; Lelia Prince, Etcuhon. "Adventures of the Tropics"; Elea Pujtzraan, 1612 Oak
ftreet, Alameda, "Water Babies"; Hattle Russell, 024 Seventh street, Oakland, "Children of the Abbey":
Nlta Baling, 225 Clayton street. San Francisco, "Queenle's \Whlm"; -Walter Hanshaw,. Berkeley, - "The
Pathfinder"; Lottie Hartwlg. 304 Valencia street. San Francisco, tennis ball; v 1. / Martin, t 8tocktoni
"Tom Brown's School Days"; Edna Murphy. 1016' Harrison street, Oakland, "Queenle's, Whim'*; Edward
Hasdwlg, Oakland, "The Pathfinder"; Gua Lifor, 2440 Flllmore; street, San -Francisco.' ""Adventures {in
Cuba"; Guy Brown, East Oakland, "The Lone Ranch";; D.Wllkens. 203 Clara .. street^. San .Francisco,
"Hunting in the Great West"; Fred Coblentz, Tracy, "The Lone Ranch"; Harold OverwaUr, 143 Bel-
vedere street, Ban Francisco. "Princess of- the Moor"; .H. Land graft. Alarneda, "Hunting In* the Great
West"; Lola Cecil, Sacramento, "Tom Brown at Oxford"; Willis Asher, E24 Post street; San Francisco,
"The Spy"; Ethel Atkinson, 11 Clementina street, San Francisco, "The Lone Ranch"; Mary Bates,
Richmond, "The Golden Canyon**; Anna Toy. Suisun, "The Lone Ranch"; Eva Washburn. Alvlso,
"Princess of the Moor'*; W. Dillon, 124 Cedar street, San Francisco, "The Giraffe Hunters"; Vlrgie
Mayner. Alvlso. "The Giraffe Hunters"; Henry Nichols, 308 Valencia street, San Francisco, tennis ball;
Victor Hlckman, 18 Hawthorne street, San Francisco, "Hunting: In the Great-West"; Cora Skelton, Belma,
"Adventures In the Tropics"; Elsl Humphrey,- Carson, Nev.; "Qaeenle's -Whim"; Joa Kirk, 124 Cedar St.,
S. F., "By, Sheer Pluck"; Ruth Bkelton, . Selma /" "New Fashioned Girl": Gladys Irwtn. Lorln, "Adventures
inthe Tropics"; B.Bluhm,. 1642 e Market street, San Francisco, "A New Fashioned Girl"; Martin Werms,
Berkeley; WAdventures In the Tropics" ;.. Grace Rheln, Berkeley, , "Flower Fables": Marguerite Keel.
Menlo Park,' "Flower Fables"; Lena Hemphill,* Gunda, ."Adventure* In Cuba"; Camilla Dobbs, 2203 Stelner
street, > San - Francisco, "Adventures in the Tropics": Walter Krieger, San Francisco, "Adventures In the
.Tropics"; Leila Prince, Escabo, "A New Fashioned Girl"; Alice Harze, 113 Hoffman avenue, San Fran
cisco, .'Tom Brown at Oxford/' ' ' ' -¦ - v&jfei
nil in the coupon with your, solution of the Fairy Riddle, your name and
address and the prize you desire— if you win -find send the picture,
with the coupon attached, to the EDITOR OF , THE ANIMAL
FABLES AND PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL
To the FIRST ; FIFTY who not only solve the Fairy Riddle cor
; rectly and find all the objects enumerated in the riddle, but whose pic
tures ar. the* MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one of these Fifty
prizes will b« awarded. Remember, old and young may compete, but
I ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BEFORE FRIDAY
NOON. . .- -:-. :'-...¦•¦•¦ - '•-. ' " '- ' : ¦ :-
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUB
LISHED IN* THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY,
August O.:- '
FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
Those who won prizes in the "Origin of the Cinnamon Bear" Puz
zle, published' on July 12, will find their names printed below.
THIS IS THE LIST OF PRIZES FROM WHICH YOU MAT CHOOSB
IF YOU WINi "Princess of the Moor,** by E. Marlltti "Tne Goldem
Canyon," by O. A. Hentyi "AdTtntnrM tn tbe Tropics," by Freder
ick Geratackeri "The Spy," by J. Fenlmore Coopen "Children of
the Abbey." by Rejrina Maria Roenei "The Giraffe Hasten, 1 * by Cap
tain Mayne Reid i "water Babies." by Charles Kln«;sleyt "By Sbeev
Pluck." a tale of the Aabmntl "War. by G. A. Hentyi "Tom Browm at
Oxford." by Tbomas Hoghen "Polly, a Ifew-Fashloned Maid," by 1* T.
. Meadei M Tbe Deerslayer," by J. Fenlmore Coopen "Ja.tsUamm.pt>*." by
Jnllana Hontlo Ewla K | "Hnntln* la tbe Great West." by O. O. Shields •
"The Karl Q,«een." by Nataly Ton ' Eschstrnllt "Flower Fables,"
by Lonlsa May Olcotti '•Tom Broom's School Days," by Tbomas Hushes t
"Adventure* .In Cuba." by F. I* Oswald » "Qaeenie's Whim," by Rosa
• If. Carey t "The Lone Ranch.** by Captain Mayne Reldi "The Pathfind
er," by J. Fenlmore Cooper.
HTJKRAH, CHILDREN ! Tha world do move. Here is something
absolutely new in the puzzle-page line. How do you like the
changeF The strangest part of this puzzle page is to guess what
is going to happen next Sunday, isn't itP But these new Fairy Riddles
and Paint Pictures are the thing. Just look at the little old man and
the round-eyed, wondering little girl! Aren't they funnyP The whole
picture looks weird and spooky, doesn't itP But the secret of all this
is contained in those lines at the top of the picture. That's the riddle.
Read it:
"As I went through the garden gap, who should I meet but Dick Red
Cap;
Stick in his hand and a stone in his throat Tell me this riddle* and
111 give you a groat."
There! Can you guess what Dick Red Cap is? He is concealed in
many places, in that paint picture, though in one or two Instances he
lies out in pialn sight. If this riddle seems too difficult, just read the
6tory above about the way corks can be made to float vertically. That
teaches that "In Union There Is Strength." So apply the maxim to
your own mind and gather all your faculties together. With a union of
all your wits you can surely solve that riddle. And then just think of
the prizes! Ah, that will make you work!
i And now listen carefully. This is what you must do to win one of
those FIFTY PRIZES: After solving the Fairy Riddle printed in big
letters at the top of the picture below, find all the Dick Red Caps, out
line each in pencil or ink and then color with paints, inks, water colors
or crayons the whole Paint Picture as artistically as you can make it,
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in "The Origin of the Cinnamon Bear 99 Puzzle Published July 12.
SOMETHING ABSOLUTELY NEW FOR 50 SPECIAL PRIZES
THE; SUNDAY CAJCiX*
OJCCE upon a time Christopher Columbus, who, if you remember your history well, discovered America, mads a very deep impression upon the wise men of King Ferdinand and Queea
Isabella's court, who did not believe that the world was round, as Columbus claimed, by showing them the simple- trick of making- an egg stand on end, after they had all tried
and failed. Of course, you all know that trick now. ;. ¦•'.< >,.', ;"¦_-/';
• • Well, here is another trick that is peculiarly applicable to the solution of the brand-new Fairy Riddle and Paint Picture printed on the # lower half of this page. Bead
Tthis through to the very last line and you will quickly see how this famous motto of Uncle Sam's will help you. The trick, which will afford you very much amusement at: the same
time, is how to make corks float vertically. Of course, you know that vertically means straight up and down. . -..."-'!
A wash basin or a bathtub and seven corks are all the apparatus needed for this experiment, and it will, I hope, be none the less interesting on account of Its sim
plicity. The problem is, then, how to cause these corks to float vertically. Everybody knows that an ordinary cork, being considerably longer than it is broad, is forced to float, when
put in water, upon its long side. How can we make it float upon its head?
Place one of the corks on end on the table; surround it with the other six, all upon end; take these seven corks compactly in one hand and plunge them under water, so
as to moisten them completely. Remove your hand and -let 'them take jtheir own position in the water. The water that has penetrated the corks will cause them to ding together,
because their united width is greater than their length. ':"... *••'¦"* •KffJ,- .
This effect of capillary cohesion amusingly demonstrates that "IN UNION THERE IS STRENGTH." . . -
SOLVE THE FJHUY RIDDLE IN THE P/II^T PICTURE BELOW AND WIX A PRIZE
15
OUR FAIRY RIDDLES AND
PAINT PICTURES
I© THE EDITOB / '*
ANHIAL" FABLES *
AND PUZZL2 PAGB.
July 26, 1903. .
Kamt •••••••••••••••••••.
6treet or P. O^.... ............
City ...........................
State ...... ...................
My solution of this week's
Fairy Biddle is i
. • . . .^.
If Z Win I Choose for.PriM.. .
(Sea Ust'e: PrlsM.1..,:¦ ' "This puzzle contest of the FOURTH SERIES will, close thres^ weeks from to-day, but as a
further reward for cleverness and industry a special prize of 810 and a second prize of S5 will bs awarded
for -th'e; highest percentage^ of correct answers intthe whole. series of thirteen weeks.
These ar«T the TWENTY-FIVE NEW PRIZESKfrom which you may select if you solve all the
puzzles correctly: Fishing rod,' knapsack, belt buckle,*.pocket-knife, boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line, hook and sinkers; bathing suit (for boys hot over :14 . years old), tennis racquet, catcher's
baseballfmitt;,pi3g;p?ngsct;ibaseball,;le.tter seal,, postage-stamp album, set lilver beauty pins, baseball
mask,' naval war, game, |sllver bracelet, •gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stickpin, silver hatpin,
wooden writing desk^ nail-file, , hair! comb; doll. "<
\;:-!""'r ' : - : -Those^w>io won -p^izes^in{thV*Eigh\h^ Set— the. Names of Deadly Weapons— published in the Sun
day Caa of July 12, will find their names in the announcement printed in another column;-. .
c-p TTENTION, CHILDREN! 7 If there is a single,- 'solitary child in this whole broad country who
• Jffi doesn't know anything- at all; about Uncle I Sam's fin© warships, let him stand forth. There are
#~^ none among you, you say? \ Of ' course -there isn't. Every child nowadays knows as much, if not
more, than his elders about America's splendid navy. /That being the case/ here v is an unsurpassed op
»pbrtunity to get one of those exciting Nay^^War Games,, a Bathing Suit, a Baseball Mask, a Wrist
Purse a Gold-Filled Horseshoe Brooch or any)of those other valuable prizes enumerated in this list be
low. And. all you have to^'do, is to' guess the name of the warship, concealed in each of the ten pictures
on this page. .*¦¦ '-": -"' . ¦ ¦" . , :> ¦' .• » -.'*•
" And, : by the way, thosa ten pictures do look a littie^bit out of the ordinary, don't they? Well,
they are not quite like any of those that have been printed before, but, 'b?st of all, they are easier.to
guess. Just try. and see. , Begin with No: 1, for instance. ; Now v what sort of % a warship in Uncle Sam's
navy do you think couldbe represented by such' a quaint, old-fAshioned tub of a boat as an ark— the
sort of ark that Noah made famous for all time?. Do you, remember about Noah and how, when the rain
came, he built abrand-new ark? But this is telling. But that pig running through the letter 0 with an
excited chick on~ his back— now what battleship} do you 'think could possibly be represented in a picture
like that?/Ah! Too easy, wasn't it? Well, you can tty the rest yourself.
• . Remember, each.of the ten pictures in this, the TENTH SET in the FOURTH SERIES of the Sun
day Call's great puzzle contests, represents the name of a United States Warship. Can you guess them?
Try andsee; if -you : are successful— well, read vhe list below for tnerich reward that will come to you.
.¦;'• BEMEMBEEA-you may send in as many answers in your name as you wish," provided only that
you have a coupon to" accompany each answer, ari'6>-REMEMBEKr--th ere is no age limit and young and
; old. may compete. .; ;^. : • '; ; » '
THE. NAMES^OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM r TO-DAY,, August O.: - ¦
-; '- ; i .'^ Forty Boys and Girls who
send in correct solutions to'these ten* pictures /.before); noon ; next -Friday will win a prize. Don't
forget that .point, because i t'is. very^ important. {aL^FANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BY
FKIDAY^NOON.: This, g^ves all- those in the country.'an equal chance to compete. Read everything on
this page,; to be sure ,that ; you overlook "nothing that 1 will help, you 'to win a prize.
This is \vhatybu' must do' to Win one of those forty prizes:>Find- the name cf i. United States War<
'shin represented in each ."of the ten'puzzls'pictures and write it Out in full in the space opopsite the proper
rcorpe£pcndiag,>n,u^ pagr e as per Its directions; fillin
r y^ur:n? ; ni'e.pM^;addi^»s7and theprizV:'ou desire— if you win— and mail the coupon to the Puzzle Editor,
S*uoday Call", S^n*Franci'sco. • : -. : ' .
" FOLLOW' THE RULES OR YOU WILL5BE DEBARRED. .
EACH OF THESE TEN PICTURES REPRESENTS THE NAME OF
A UNITED STATES WARSHIP - CAN YOU GUESS THEM
AND WIN A VALUABLE PRIZE?
er's mitt; Ray Molitorf 1727 Waller
street, San Francisco, ping pong set;
H. A. Schulz, Porterville, ping pong
set; Eddie Wren, 428 j^ 1 Seventh
street, San Francisco, ping pong set;
Ned Schell, Knights Ferry, ping
pong set; Arvid Bedding, Vallejo,
pocket-knife.
BELOW is given the list oi pria*
winners in the puzzle contest
of July 12. This was the Eighth
Set— the Names of Deadly, Weapons^-,
in the Fourth Sezies of Name Puzzles,
begun on May 24. See if you are ono
of the lucky forty winners:
Etta Keast, 323 Scott street, San
Francisco, ping pong set; Lulu Schro
cher, Alameda, tennis racquet;
Lizzie Davis, 1540 Howard street,
San Francisco, doll; Marguerite Bell,
2010 Sutter street, San Francisco,
tennis racquet; Florence Morrison,
Oakland, wrist bag; Louise White,
Berkeley, ping pong set; Mildred
Wydler, 2816 Gough street, Saa
Francisco, doll ; Lucy Slayton, Irving?
ton, hatpin; Myrtle Lyon, Lakeport,
wrist purse; Josephine Christie,
Lakeport, silver bracelet; Miss E. IT.
Atwood, Santa Cruz, belt buckle;
Dorathy Keleher, 327 Larkin street,
San Francisco, silver bracelet; Ada
Wilson, Livermore, doll; Alice Bus
well, 1001 Bush street,. San Fran
cisco, silver bracelet; Ethel Horner,
Los Angeles, silver ' bracelet; C.
Shannon, Nord, doll; Gladys Bishop,
Alameda, silver bracelet; Pearl
Brown, Sacramento,, bracelet; Hettie
Hepburn, Alameda, silver bracelet;
Miss L. de Eieux. 534 Eddy street,
San Francisco, doll; Eddie Fon
teneau, Stockton, stickpin; Adolph
Fierbach, Fruitvale, knapsack; Wil
lie Miller, 1613 Larkin street, San
Francisco, bathing suit; H. S. Cars
ten, Latrobe, ping pong set; Joa
Maxwell, Vallejo, writing desk; Mal
colm Cropper, 1001 Pine street, San
Francisco, tennis racquet; D. Mac
coll. Berkeley, tennis racquet; Bert
Simpscrv Mcnson, ping pon^ set; Al
lan Maxwell, Woodland, naval war
game; George Keck, Portland, stick
pin; George McMahon, 811 Green
wich street, San Francisco, hatpin;
Chester Collins, Los Angeles, catch
er's mitt; Darwin Smith, Sacramento,
tennis racquet; Herbert Leon, Fowler,
bathing suit; Harry 0,'Donnell, 1128
Alabama street, San Francisco, catch-
Prize
WinnerS in
Contest of
July 12.
THE -SUNDAY CALL.
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Hfll Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
8Eri Francisco:
Below in their proper nun-
bezs please find 137 solution of
the Names of United States
Warships represented in this
week's name puzzles.
X txxxx* «tt««xtj cm nr_r»« ».#.f.»
8 rrs r. •• »-r« •¦•tttp • • •xw»» - » •"***
1
6 %_, »t« »iiir»Trr»> ••••••••••••••
7 .
8
8
10
&Wixi July 26 ' l903 -
K^sie
fltxsttor P. 0
City
State -
Jx X wta X chocse for prize .
„.«,.•«««««•••»«»»••••«•••••»•»
-Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.PBIOB VIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV—^O. 56.
Pages 21 to 32
FOUNDER, AND-TWO PROFES
SORS ,;CONCERNED IN STAN
. FORD CONTROVERSY. ' '
Continued on Page 22, Column 5.
• My 'alleged objection I to; his .social or
economic -theories,' as'. expressed In that
speech, \ is -based upon .the . fact that on
the* morning following its delivery I called
the attention- of the , president by letter
tt£ the report \ot V the r speech"; in the • San
Francisco^ Call of ~ May, 8.-1900. .
My , criticism -iof '- Professor" Ross In - that
letter, * which ; was dated San ' Francisco,
MayX\100O,\ wasas -follows: . -
;•; : know/..my dear, friend,^ my .con
stant .-pray err* is that ' Stanford. Univer
sity, will pre-eminently ahead of all
other r universities In-" America !lp— furnlsh-
PARTISAN CONDUCT
OF ROSS MATTER OF
COMMON'KNOWLEDGE
/T is not proposed to make a detailed
statement -of * the. reasons which led
to the resignation of Professor. Ross,
or even detail tlie additional objections to
his conducted speeches, which /were ob
jected to chiefly ' because J they, were be
lieved* to be In violation of the university
truats. and purposes; but his violation of
rion-partlsa'nism , by taking .the public ros
trum'In'campaigns under the auspices of
partisan ; campaign committees and lend
ing! his -name and' official title for use on
partisan campaign pamphlets, gross in
language "¦ and 'illustration and objection
ablei ;ln't thernselves as evidently, designed
to appeal to the passions and prejudices,
is a 'matter 4 of^ common knowledge. Not
having had -any flxed'opinion myself upon
the Issues of. the r campaign of ,1896,. I did
riot -object .to .these acts because 'of "the
political views, ,. expressed, . nor did . I
change my, opinion of him or, cease to ex
press'it when Professor Ross subsequently
changed those views. ' •
\ ; In attempting to announce the reasons
of others which -led 'to his' enforced resig
nation. Professor Roes ' stated that it was
due - to' my objections K - to * two public
speeches;inthe spring of 1900. •
One of the speeches to which Professor
Ross . referred ' related .to Oriental.immi
gration and - was"., delivered • in .a mass
meeting called' for the purpose of ' agitat
ing; the.", modification or re-enactment of
the Geary, exclusion '-.law. . I may say pa
renthetically ? that ' my husband did" not
oppose ,_ the . passage .'of * the ', Geary exclu
sion act.'". ¦•:""¦-"•¦ .;•; ¦?'.•» V-T'
; Of -. course, , If a . professor incidentally
violates any public or private duty or
shows incompetence or unfitness for his
position, * whether in . speeches or other
wise. ; he . must suffer the consequences. • •
. " Unless It ¦ maintains a . strictly non-par
tisan attitude upon all political questions
this : institution; with its large resources,
might well* became. a public menace and
forfeit all • right to .the special ; considera
tion, which It has received at the hands
of members of all. parties.
". "It has been * the history of universities
that'theirprofessors rarely take. the pub
lic . rostrum In . political campaigns. The
very infrequency of their having done
so would seem to prove that there i» some
sound reason why they should not."
"?•'• So far as he may represent
himself only; so far as it Is the man and
_not- the professor that speaks to public
audiences, he should have the fullest pos
sible liberty of 'speech, for he but repre
sents -himself and is accountable only to
himself."
to- freely do, this he should not be sub
jected : to ; any importunity, since it 13
possible- that cases, might arise where a
mere suggestion might: be -.understood to
be acovertdemand." " • " '•,*:•
WALL STREET EXCITED.
" NEW tORK. July 25.— To-day"* short
session of the Stock Exchange was fevcr-
In the room set apart for customers,
where a youth was busy changing quo
tations on a board against the side of the
wall, some of the older habitues seated
thernselves, perhaps out of force of haifit
and while- "watching the market." sat
and whispered of Wall street's lateat sen
sation. There was considerable epecula
tion among those as to Keene's individual
loss. He himself had admitted that it wag
n^00.000. and while some believe this
figure to be conservative, they hoped it
was true that his private^fortuno had not
been Impaired.
Brltt, the assignee, late in the after
noon, when seen In the Talbot J. Taylor
& Co. office, said:
"It Is impossible for me to give out any
statement to-day and It probably will be
several days before my statement is
ready. I figure the loans at about H,
000,000. Russell 8age Is creditor to a con
siderable amount, but Is fully secured." *
GUESSING AT THE LOSS.
James R. Keene hurried into his private
room in the office of his son-in-law in the
Johnston building at 9:30 o'clock this
morning. Early as Keene was. he found
Talbot J. Taylor and his brother and part
ner, James B. Taylor, and corps of clerks
busy over the books of accounts. When
the market opened the stock quotations
ticker in Keene's private room and the
other tickers in the public office of the
Taylors began to reel out the .opening
quotations. Keene stood at the side of
the machine in his room, with the paper
tape running through his fingers. H« saw
what have been termed the "Keene'a
stocks" open with prices away below tho
closing figures of last night. The story,
as It spun out before him, was an In
teresting one to Keene, but he frequently
dropped the tape to walk over to the win
dow overlooking Exchange Place, where
he would stand for a moment to glance
thoughtfully across at the roof tops and
other office windows that perhaps he did
not see. Frequently he was In consulta
tion with Talbot J. Taylor, his son-in
law, or James B. Taylor. During the
short business hours the Taylors were
among their former customers, who came
in >to express their regrets at the firm's
embarrassment.
It Is the general opinion of those who
have weathered such storms in the past
that the present unpleasantness Is to bo
accounted for Just as was the great era
of prosperity. One was the result of
natural causes; the other came as a nat
ural consequence of the first. Few men
are now bold enough to discuss tho fu
ture for publication. All know that signs
count for little In such stress of financial
weather. He is a bold man who even fo;
his most intimate friends will venture a
prediction as to what the immediate fu
ture will bring forth. While- the general
tone is still optimistic and very few are
ready to believe that the crest of the
wave of prosperity has much more than
been broken, it Is held by many that
there must be a period of distress before
Wall street will settle into anything like
calm. It is the opinion of men who dis
cussed the situation to-day that the ex
haustion is temporary and that It does
not approach the lethargy which seized
the country about ten years ago.
Thus It may be seen that the storm that
has swept across tho financial district
and which may not as yet have reached
Its culmination, has spared few In select
ing its victims and it may be taken as
proved that It was of natural origin, hav
ing been formed of the purpose or will
of no combination of men.
CAUSE OF THE FLTJBSY.
John W. Gates and the other members
of the "Chicago crowd" are nursing a
wound that will be long - in hqalins.
James Keene admits the loss of $1,500,000.
Some believe TCeene's fortune has shrunk
much more. -
The apparent loss to friends of J. Pier
pont Morgan has been great. William C.
Whitney and those who are allied with
him have suffered reverses that have
hurt.
By conservative men in Wall street and
by men who most closely follow the
trend of affairs financial, the estimate is
made that the Rockefeller family fortune
has shrunk $100,000,000 in value under the
influence of the recent slump in securi
ties.
NEW YORK. July 25.— Wall street ex
perienced two hours of continued liquida
tion to-day, almost as violent as any that
has preceded it. To-night there is appre
hension of what the reckoning will be on
Monday. The prices of "Keene" stocks
and of numerous pooled and cliqued spe
cialties broke violently, clearly indicating
that others did not take the same calm
view of the situation as the great manip
ulator, who is "annoyed, but not' em
barrassed."
EpeelaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Friends of Pierpont Morgan
Among the Heaviest
Losers.
Value of Kockefeller
Shares Decreases
$100,000,000.
Startling Extent
of Slump in
Stocks.
ENORMOUS
LOSSES OF
RICH MEN
Continued on Page 23, Column 3.
rO the Board of Trustees of the Ice
land Stanford Junior University-
Gentlemen: I have called you to
gether to-day that our highly esteemed
friend, Hon. Whitclaw Reid, who so kind
ly accepted my Invitation . to become a
trustee cf the Leland Stanford Junior
University, could meet you all in person,
as he is obliged to leave for his home
next week, and I desire to take advantage
of this meeting and his presence to lay
before you certain affairs which have
troubled my heart more than I am able
to express.
I wish .that the university should bo
turned over to your guidance and man
agement unspotted and without a blem
ish, no old wounds to heal, no troubles
left for you to settle for me. If I did I
would thereby declare my inability of car
rying out my views. I hope my ten years
of administration have shown a steadfast
purpose, and now that I am soon to give
up th© management of the" affairs of the
university and you to assume the duties.
I do not wish to declare myself to have
been unequal to the situation by allowing
any troublesome affairs of the past to
remain in doubt or controversy. To this
end I am now about to reveal 'to you a
little inside history of affairs , with w.hich
my name has been associated, but which
has never been truthfully told. . As you
gentlemen will, I trust, long outlive me,/
,1 will inform you of the facts and. lay
before you the correspondence of; the
case and pray that you will make the
matter right if ever my stewardship is
questioned. My lips bo far have been
sealed by my own wish.
I allude particularly to the Ross mat-.
FULL KNOWLEDGE
OF THE INCIDENT
TO GUIDE TRUSTEES
love * '.and, i reverence ''for , the .' great'' prin
ciples., underlying- ;- ; our r'' government. I 'In
confirmation ."arid | explanation .'of - these
principles * the* following. ' among other
prbvlsioris, .' have • been :' In- ; the
trusts: : Quoting "from my^^ former addres's:
'.' "The 'university^ must' be forever «*mairir
tained-. upon 5 a : "strtctiy/.non-partisa'n'i and
non-sectarian' basis/ ;' It -must 'never: be
come ari' fnatrurrient* In . the hands' of J any.
political 'party r or any religious ',- sect •' or
organization.'-^. T\ believe^that'. the [ moral
and J religious^'development; of the iuniver
sity will be^better. accomplished if 'entirely
free: from ; all^denbmina£ioriar ; . alliances,'
however slight the ; bbndrnay ' be.- .The
servicea in \ the Memorial Church 'must be"
simple and .informal • In ¦ character, and the
theological questions, services y and >; ob
servances, 5 upon i^hich' the ; sects 'differ,
should not be entered upon," so that- mem
bers of Vvery.church : inay^wofehip'and re
ceive instruction,' therein not iftcbnslstent
has beerT; made -whereby; all .those who
love our * Liord" Jesus ; Christ may,' partake
of; the Sacrament^of J jthe -Ixird's' Supper
at "stated'" j intervals : in' • the "j Memorial
Church- "' .'Atteridanceyat ,'feliglous services
Wall ' be t .'entirely«>'ptlpnai. : , andj'no'.pror
fesslon'Vr- religious-faith,- or, ..belief^ shall
be .exacted' of i.anyi one for, any. purpose;
- . "1 1 desire \ that^ the r university .'shall : be .
forever; kepti out of J politics- and .that' no
professor "i shall 'electioneer among or' seek
tb ( \'dbn^ri^ate^.other ; v.pfofeg8ors>.of. ;. the
students for the 'success 'of 'any ; political
party '' brV cand Ida t e f in *' a ny/ politica 1 Jcor\
'test. . I •: hopV* that * eyery^ voter, .'whether
professor'!*' , or ! : . student, ' •'-' 'will \.\ ajways
thoroughly;^ 'Inform' -I hlm'^if Ltipon, every
principle Involved.^ and ;; as '. to tho • merits
of" eyery/cand Ida te_s »e«king • hia^ suffrage, ¦¦
arid ; the ri '-.vote . acordlrig 1 to * his'' own ; best'
judgment^ and; conscience, i, of
any", importunity ''of "others. ' And • ln* ; order
PRESIDENT GIVEN ;
FULL FREEDOM JN/
'¦ FACULTY CONTROL
4'inw HE - - foregoing extracts convey a
'I ¦¦ fair impression of my relations 'to
v the president of the ' university
throughout the past ten years, during
which I! have, been in control of, the af
fairs of the university. -I have never al 7
lowed an. appeal .to, be taken from his
action -upon* any matter and have; never
overruled him in \ any matter 'pertaining
to the, powers 'delegated 'to him. I. never
required, or even rccorrimehded, the.ap
pointment' of ariv 1 member ¦ of the j teach
ing .' force of the university. In ". iny "ad
ministration : of' ten years' I have, except
ing upon two occasions, refrained" from
even expressing s . my private^ opinion as
to'the'fltness'of any mernber'of ' the fac
ulty. The first case involved personarde
liriqiiencles.;^The subsequent. ;reBlgnatlon
of .tho party involved was* in" no ' wayy re
lated to any*critic(sm by/me. Tho •other
case ; was that 'of Professor y Ross.' ;My
personal views' were, expressed *over four
years . before tho "president "accepted^ his
resignation and -were In -formation still
earlier.-: M^y views 'were >not*based/upon
his polltlcalor scholastic 'beliefs ot-teach
ings. *¦¦••¦••¦¦¦¦••¦»-¦ ;^r '¦ *¦:'•:"* ' : :-*y'' : f. ":.
'So far; asLl "am. aware: of thei reasons
which led to the resignation of Professor
Rose, no^ objection was" ever: raised by
me,', or. any. other- person; connected : with
the university, either^ because of his -views'
upon* any. political,:, social i or other ques
tion, or! his: proper public- or priyato ex
pression of 1 those iVviews. I believe that
Erofessor'i Ross never intimated? that he
was not accorded .the right 1 to' express his
opinions in his • classes"; with perfect I free
dom, or that any- objection [was ever made
to his teaching by " me, but. unfortunately
such- a, statement; is not
the credulity of some others" not familiar
with; the Iviews'; 6ft the - fo'unders • and f the
conditions prevailing at ,the, university. , A
pro'fessor'8 -conduct , and "public .utterances
are,'', however, * limited ;. to .some extent by
trie trusts which, 'among . : other
things prohibit partlsanism and sectariari-
Ism; : He 'also , required : to :,cbuhte
nanco^'lolence," b'ut to teach the 'i blessings
of liberty regulated by law, and 'inculcate
"The plan -pursued by me ¦. during., the
past four years Js - to"* set aside at\* tho
beginning 'of each year' a certtiln "definite
fund for., the payment "of " Ealaries/ian-
fessors and teachers. '."> • " ' ..
" *2. To remove professors and teachers
at' will.' .' " V" : " ¦¦ — -•¦-• ...,..<¦
" '3. To prescribe and enforce the courso
of study and the mode ' and manner of
teaching. ; ¦ .'¦«•' - ' •
" M. Such other, powers as will , enable
him to control tho educational part of
the university to such an 'extent that "he
may justly be held responsible for .tho
good conduct and / capacity", of 'the p'rofca
sors-' and 'teachers.';'-' ' " "• «
"The hietpry ; of, the university, for .the
past * six vears has '. fully i Indicated ; : the
wisdom of this clause In , the > grant, fit
is my. wish, that this clause- shall; be' In
tho future, as ln.theTpast.frespectediboth
in word and in spirit. ' I 'therefore ex
plicitly-direct: that tlio 'eelection 'and'Jre
rooval; of tlie prof essors and iteapherB "and
all questions ' relating tlfereto shall* be 'de
termined by the:; president ".and • by ¦ him
alone. *'.• >• ;!>:-•
In my address to you of June 1, lS97,'ls
the following:' "Jn the"gfant founding' the
Leland Stanford Junior ' University, No
vember 14,1885, it Is made the. duty of the
trustees to give the president of the ; uni
versity the following powers: . , . .
" '1. To, prescribe' the duties of the pro-
These latter powers alone have I con
tinued to hold. The. powers of selecting
and dismissing professors have been en
tirely, in the hands of Dr. Jordan. : ¦ The
powers of the president- of ;the- university
have- -been exceptionally extensive. ¦_ and
absolute. -'"'.¦
ter. The acceptance " of Professor Roes'
resignation took place during my absence
abroad, almost a year before 'my return,
and four years after I had formed and
expressed my views concerning his fitness
for the position he held. This fact made
certain misconceptions and misunder
standings possible which I wish ' to re
move from the minds of you trustees be
fore you assume your duties as custodians
of the university. , ..
The discussion incident to the resigna
tion of Professor ,Rbss and others pro
ceeded upon a distinct , misunderstanding
as to the powers I have voluntarily del
egated to the president of the university
and as to my attitude upon. tho question
of free speech. ¦:¦:-¦'
Under the ' provisions of the .founding
grant and the act under which the uni
versity was founded all- the powers and
privileges of the trustees were vested in
the founders during their % lives. ¦ The
founders, however, assumed only' those
powers relating to the management of
the .university, properties, .to. the , erection
and permanent : equipment -of ¦ university
buildings and to the determination of the
gross amount of ;the ; annual appropria
tions for the maintenance of the Institu
tion. ''.'.. • ¦ " . ' • •" -
tlon of the- university's stand. In the
recent course of turning over the manage
ment of the institution to the Board of
Trustees, Mrs. Stanford chose to take the
trustees into fullest confidence, submitting
to them all of the correspondence In the
case and embodying in this address an ex
position of her own part in the occur
rence.
Mrs. Stanford makes it plain that Dr.
Ross' retirement was not forced by her;
that whatever of displeasure she felt to
ward the head of the department of
sociology was not due to any attempt on
her part to curtail freedom of speech, but
was aroused by Professor Ross' active
participation in partisan affairs and
proneness to express from the platform
sentiments which were, in Mrs.' Stan
ford's opinion, subversive . of law and
order; and that Stanford University pro
fessors have never suffered Interference
from the surviving founder, but have en
joyed complete freedom in investigation
and teaching.
The address follows in full:
other definite* fund- for the! purchaseVof
books - ant] supplies, leaving to"^ the' presU
dent (except in the matter of hls^own
salary, that ' to remain as', ray '.husbarjdi
fixed . it) to determine 5 at his sole 'dlspre-f
tibn the particular distribution of these
funds." ; ', .'¦ ; . ' . ' '*;'¦;
' In'my, address of,, May 31', 1899, 1 stated:
"The selection, appointment and removal
of all professors ' and teachers, and. all
questions - relating • thereto)' shall be made
and determined "by the /president" of • the'
university." ¦; ' ', : '. ;'
Until October 3, J. 1002. „ these . directions
remained unchanged and -were considered
binding . upon- me. •¦¦> ¦• - j
In my address of . that date will ".be
found the. following upon; the same sub
ject: "Any directions heretofore made by,
me inconsistent, with any of the'.provi
sions of Eubdivisiona 9, 10 and 11 "of arti
cle IV of the founding grant are with
drawn. The i board of •trustees - r should
adopt such a plan-.for the- nomination and
appointment . of , professors and .teachers,'
and tho determination of - tbeir .'salaries,
as experience of and similar Insti
tutions may prove tb.be desirable. Dur
ing my administration the president of .
tho university shall continue to 'have the
exclusive control - over the appointment"
arid dismissal of professors and teaohera
as he has had heretofore.".
About half an hour after the message
for dynamite was tent a telephone . mes
j«sre came from Ilimrod. half way b<
tv.cn Westvllle and Danville, saying that
one of the miners, a Hungarian, had
been stopped there by citizens who took
from bUn a large quantity of dynamite.
The other miner with dynamite is be-
Knved to be on the way here. About half
rf Company K. the colored regiment, has
assembled at the armory and' is barri-
Mdcd In fear of an attack from the mob.
SHEBIFF DEFENDS PRISONER.
The Sheriff and his deputies had expect
ed an attack and made a strong stand.
The Sheriff refused the dsmands for Wil
son and threatened to shoot if tho mob
committed an overt act. The mob, now
worked up to an intense state of excite
ment, became frenzied in its determina
tion to reach Wilson, ar.d m Its fury
threatened to lynch the Sheriff, his depu
ties and a negro turnkey. Finally they
< barged the jail and the Sheriff and his
deputies fired, wounding three members
of the mob, one fatally. The mob, being
repulsed, cent to a neighboring mining
< amp for dynamite and tnreatened to at
tack the Jail again.
Wilson, it Is charged, went to the Bur-
Bets farmhouse while Mrs. Burgess was
alone and begged food. While ehe was
petting him something to eat he seized
her. He fled, leaving her half dead. She
# managed to crawl to a neighboring farm
*house and pave the alarm. A posse of of
ticers Ftarted in pursuit of the negro and
when Wilson was captured he was hur
ried to the County Jail to prevent lynch
ing. There the negro confessed.
Company K. a colored troop, has its
headquarters here and the officials have
prepared to call It out. Leaders of the
mob declare they will kill the entire
<-..mpany if it comes out. On tho edges
of the square at midnight two unknown
negroes lay in the gutter. They were
beaten into insensibility with clubs in the
Ijauds of white citizens.
Nearly 200 men and women from Alvia,
*vhcr© the attack on Mrs. Burgess was
••omraltU'd, are active leaders of the mob.
The mob at midnight had been increased
to several thousand, the entire square in
front of the iail being packed with ubout
ing men and women. While waiting for
the miners who were expected to bring
the dynamite from Westvllle. the mob
march'.-d u» and down in front of the jail,
: •?.(¦ning it and tiring shots at random.
• On account of the overwhelming num
.bers cf the mob it was useless for the of
.flcero to resist. The negro was seized and
.rushed to the spot where he had shot
down Gatterman. It was the work of an
Instant to thfow a rope around his neck
and swing him up to a telephone pole.
After h!s life had been slowly strangled
out he was left hanging while the mob
proceeded to the County JaiL After going
a short distance, however, the mob
charged its mind, faced about and. re
turning- to the scene of the lynching, cut
Mayfield's body down. They rushed It to
the principal square, built a bonfire and
hacking the body to pieces with knives
pitched it in the midst of the flames. For
a while they watched it burn and then,
coming to a realization of th«-lr first mis
sion, to lynch Wilson, they once mo^ re
sumed their march to the County Jail.
Henry Gattermaa. a young butcher, fell
inortally wounded and expired within a
few misntes. The negro fled, but was
caught by officers within a block of the
r-cener and hurried to the police station
with the mob in hot pursuit, temporarily
diverted from their march to tb^ county
Jail. The officers with their prisoner took
refuge in the city building and barricaded
themselves behind tha doors of one of
tlws efflces. They could not check the
mob. however."* for It secured a long pole
End battered down a section of the wall
/md door, both of which were fraiL
e crew a revolver, firing into the crowd
,«rigTj' throne was passing down East
Main street when the negro became ia
¦-olvcd Li an altercation with some of its
members. They started after him and
MayficJd met his fate- while the mob
was on the way to lynch Wilson. The
BUBJNT VICTIM'S BODY.
The wounded are: Adam Murray, shot
through the head, will die; II. Hincs, shot
in neck and shoulder, will die; Otto Hein
ke, shot in arm, will recover; Patrolman
Charles L«cpp, clubbed on the head while
defending- Mayilcld; Patrolman William
I>?verenz. badly Injured internally by
mob's battering ram while defending
Mayfirld; Fred Ijorcnz, chot three times
in the leg in attack on jail; Mince Mo
baker, shot In attack on jail; Mr. l*iid.
.'hot in attack on jail; John Bell, shot in
chest in attack on jalL
. DANTTLI^i:. TIL. July 21— A race war
brcke ont to-i2ight In this city, the home
of Joa?pii G. Cannon. "While a. mob of
COO men wa.s on its Tray to the county jail
to lynch James Wilson, a Bloomington
negro, who had confessed to assaulting
Mrs. Thomas Burgees, wife of a farmer,
J. VT. Mavfleld. a negro, shot and killed
Henry Gatterman. white, a member of
the mob. The murderous negro, a refu
gee from Evansville, Jnd.. was then
lynched by the mob and three other ne
groes who attacked the whites were beat
en badly. The mob finally resumed its
march to the county Jail, determined to
lynch TTilson.
When the mcb reached the jail it was
fired upon by the Sheriff. Nine persona
¦were wounded and the crowd scattered.
Home qf the Next Speaker
of House Is Scene of
Violence.
Frenzied Crowd N Waits
for Dynamite to
Wreck Building.
address of great significance,
mJL delivered by Mrs. Jane L*throp
Jrg Stanford to the trustees of Stan
*^ A ford University April 25, In which
for the first time Mrs. Stanford's
position on the Ross and Howard in
cident Is deOned, was made public yes
terday.
1 In pamphlet form It was distributed to
professors at the university and copies
were mailed to college and public libraries
throughout the country.
The document, termed an "Address of
the Right of Free Speech," will be read
with eager interest at unrverslties and
colleges everywhere. It Is a valuable con
tribution to the literature of the subject.
! Throughout the controversy that raged
j after the dismissal of Prof essor Ross from
j the Stanford faculty the surviving founOT
l cr made no statement, preferring, it
! seems, to let time work out the justlfica-
Negro Is Lynched
by a Danville
Mob.
Says University
Must Mot Be
Partisan.
Founder Defends
Right of Free
Speech.
RACE WAR
BREAKS OUT
IN ILLINOIS
MRS. STANFORD GIVES TO PUBLIC FIRS T STATEMENT
OF HER POSITIO N IN THE ROSS-HOWARD INCIDENT
f f FiV no other 'institution are the principles of;, freedom of
£ speech, freedom- of. thought and freedom of - conscience so
thoroughly establisJied and safeguarded as they are. in; the
Leland Stanford Junior University. In so faros I criticised the
utterances of Dr. Ross, I zuasnot only exercising a sacred right,
which we have guaranteed to every one connected with the insti
tution, but I was speaking in defensc-of these very principles. No
one can appreciate more fully than I the right to freedom of
speech, for upon many occasions I have refrained icith the great
est possible effort from expressing my personal vieivs when I be
lieved serious errors were being made, lest it might', be thought
that I was attempting to impose those znews upon the university."
— Extract from address by Mrs. Jane Laihrop Stanford. '
SAN FRANCISCO; SUMXAY^ , JTJLY ia 26, MiOOS^FORTY^EIGHT PAGES.
The San Francisco Call.
WsMIX to 32WIDOW AND DAUGHTERS OF
THE LATE CAPTAIN
THOMAS HOWARD. . ' " .
BERLIN. July 25.-The Prusian Minis
try has decided to devote $2,500,000 to the
relief of the sufferers from the Stlestan
flood. Typhus fever appeared at Glogau
after the subsidence of the flood, owing
to grain r6ttlng Ip the field: '
Aid for Flood Sufferers.
The .result of the election was a com
plete surprise, for since 1886 the division
had returned a Liberal. It Is another of a
succession of labor victories In recent bl
elections. and the result is significant be
cause Mayor Vane ia a very strong sup
porter of _ Colonial Secretary Chamber
lain's fiscal policy.
It is asserted that the contest was more
Influenced by the education act. the 1 divi
sion being strongly non-conformist.
LONDON, July 23.— The election yester
day in the Brenard Castle division of
Durham County of a successor to Sir Jo
seph W. .Pease, Liberal, resulted as fol
lows: A. Henderson (Labor) 3370. W. I*
Vane. (Unionist) 8323. Mr. Beaumont (Lib
eral) 2S09.
Labor Candidate Elected.
Part of this buying Is by shorts taking
their profits and It is highly probable that
part of it Is also by banking ' Interests
which are concerned In sustaining value3.
But It is reported that there is also some
evidence of investment demand both from
domestic and foreign sources. In the be
lief that the abnormal speculative situa
tion' here' has resulted In forcing prices
to a decline as artificial In Its way as was
the inflation which preceded it and large
ly has caused it The general market aold
off again on the. bank statement, as the
report of an actual Increase in. the loan
Ish and excited throughout as an' after
effect of the failures of two Important
Exchange firms yesterday and the dread
that those failures -would have a sequel
In the suspension of other embarrassod
firms. Throughout the .wild fluctuations
In prices of special ties, the standard
stocks Bhrxwed evidence of the same, kind
of absorption and comparative stability
which characterized them In the market
of most of i the week before yesterday's
failures had .excited and upset the mar
ket. The day passed without announce
ment of additional failures.
Despite the fact that no deliveries on
contract are required on Saturday and
that loans- made on Friday carry over
until Monday, thus giving .a breathing
spell for hard-pressed firms, the absence
of announcements of failures was not en
tirely reassuring as-to the adjustment of
the difficulties. That such difficulties ex
ist Is now pretty well understood.. But
the general knowledge of the ..existing
difficulties and of their location seems to
deprive the situation of thr" disturbing
power which the previous mystery poa •
sessed and did not check the absorption
referred to. . .
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
CHICAGO WATCHMAN
' KILLS AN ASSAILANT
Attacked by Three Men, He. Uses His
Revolver With Fatal
• Effect. •
CHICAGO, July 2S.-Shattering his Ian
tern upon tho head of one of "three men
who attacked him last night. A. C. Rog
ers, a watchman for the Forbes Teaming
Company, then fatally shot another of
his assailants. The wounded man died at
the County* Hospital. From papers found
in his possession he Is supposed to have
been Charles J. Allan, a sailor. «
The shooting followed an alleged at
tempt at burglary and a struggle, in
which the watchman was badly beaten.
"When the police arrived at the scene the
watchman was lying almost unconscious
upon the body of , the dying man. The
companions of the wounded mark had fled.
Negro Held in Peonage.
, MONTGOMERY, Ala.. July 23.-The Jury
In" the case of the United States against
R. N. Franklin, charged with causing Pat
Hill, a negro, to be held In a condition of
peonage,' tc^-day brought in a verdict of
guilty. Judge Thomas G. James assessed
the minimum fine of. $1000, which was im
mediately paid. Judge James thanked the
Jury for their verdict.
SEATTLE. Wash. July 25. — Dr. Theodore
Paulmora of the Department of Agriculture at
Washington, arrived In the city -to-day on a
tour of the . coast and Alaska to . look Into the
enforcement of the game laws.
The reserve requirements were increased
through the augmented deposits by $1,792,123.
¦which sum, deducted from the gain In rash,
leaves $5,638,928. as the Increase In surplus
reserve; this Item standing at $18.91.1.400-
Computed upon the basis of deposits, less those
of S37.S57.100 of public funds, the surplus Is
The excess of loans over deposits, which In
the previous week waa $11.807. 400, is now $?,
622.900. the smallest since March 7. This
minimum excees of loans will doubtless b>? fa
vorably regarded by those who have mistaken
ly viewed the preponderance of loans and d»
poslts with some degree of apprehension.
NEW YORK. July 25.— The Financier
thl3--week-say9: •-•-¦ - - -
'"*¦ One notabl« f*atuf« of Ihe'offtefal statement
t)f the-N«w York- Associated- -Banks -la«t w^^lt
vat th# increas« of I8M.20O in loans, whereas
a decrease waa quite confidently expected as
th« result of the general liquidation In the
stock market durins the- week, and aa the re
sult also of the repayment of tha Pennsylvania;
loan, which waa probably- completed last w«-k.
The Increase was most Hkely caused by new
corporation borrowings, either from tho banks
or from foreign bankers. - • ; "
Another striking feature was the Increase of
$7,429,100 in the cash reserve; thla amount waa
$362,100 in excess of the sum which was esti
mated, based upon the traceable movements of
money during the week. In th« previous week
the cash gain shown by the bank statement
waa greater by $1,248,400 than that indicated
by the estimates. The excess for the week,
therefore, makes a total of $2,100,500 grtate.
for the fortnight than the estimates.
The deposfts were Increased $7,168,500: this
is smaller by $1,144,600 than tbe amount called
for by the gain in cash, .plus the increaw In
loans, and, therefore, tbe statement does not
balance.
Increase of Loans . in Spite of the
Heavy Liquidation.
WEEKLY FINANCIAL EEVIEW.
The Reliance in gibing to make for her
moorings after to-day's, race carried
away her «raff. It buckled up about ten
feet from the jaws...... . , .
Just as the Columbia, hauled in her
sheet the strain on the big cub topsail
snapped off the 'topmast.. The -boat was
headed in to theVlna tintll the* wreckage
could -be cleared.
The Reliance crossed the finish line at
3:39:10, havins covered -the thirty miles
In 2 hours 58 minutes 20 seconds. ... .-- • -•
• NEWPORT.. R. r. July 251— In to-day's
ra'ce . betwen- the cup yachts.- over .a. tri»
angular oour?n of ten miles on. a side,. the
Reliance beat the Constitution six 'min
utes eighteen seconds- In elapsed time over
the flrst'eouxse. • On- the.Turi^tb.Tlie. sec
ond .mark the" 1 tvirid increased consider
ably and the'Rellarici gained on the other
two. All of the boats gibed just before
turning, as it was a close fetch to the
finish'. --¦-¦• ,
One Cup Yacht Loses Her Gaff and
'"; ;¦'"' the Other. Her .Club
- - Topsail.
BOTH RELIANCE AND
COLUMBIA DAMAGED
in Howard's head would have been fatal, the
fracture Itself would have caused death ulti
mately. Besides, between the ' two chambers
of -the plitol emptied by the explosions, there
is a loaded one.- with no mark of -the ham
mer on the cap.' No man could ha\> deliber
ately turned" the cylinder around after filing a
ball into his brain. ••• ' -• ¦•
ENORMOUS LOSSES.
"Wednesday four. or. five boys began to
complain to Dr- Coffin, the resident phy
sician, of . headache and pain In | the
stomach. Thursday eight, more com
plained-in the same way and two or three
vomited. . Friday, during the forenoon,
about thirty cases developed, a large pro
portion of these also purging. Friday af
ternoon about thirty more were taken
down. "With most of them the'tempera
ture reached about 102 degrees, but with
six of the boys the temperature was 104
degrees and the pain in the stomach .was
very severe and paroxysmal. Whe.re the
vomiting- and purging were must severe
the oaln. was .lightest. Dr. Coffin or Dr.
Lawton have .one or the other been on
duty all the time sln.ee the trouble began
last night and j they were both at work
practically all . night.. They have been
assisted by Dr. IJadley. About fifteen
cases developed .to-day (Saturday) and
they are of much mlldej .nature. .. / .
"This evening there .were, ninety-one In
the sick wards, but only three are at all
serious. Three of the officers of th#
schppl-.have been affected ..the same -way,
but not. 8UfHc^en'Uy,to;iay . them -tip. The
physicians were "very much, puzzled, but
became, convinced .that It was some form
qf ptomaine polson|ng. Late this evening
the.chemist's.report showed that the poi
son., was ptomaines from meat. '*;•;;;
." At. midnight to-night only three of . the
cases continue;. Beriopsrahd the physicians
In attendance say '.they do not fear fatal
results'from any .of them. Theboys most
seriously 111 . are '. expected to be able to
be, out within" three days. "
WHITT1ER. July fe:— The State Reform
School here was converted into a hospital
ye3terday and to-day by- reason of the
fact that more than .100 of the officers and
inmates were poisoned in a manner which
until to-night remained a' mystery.
The trouble began yesterday morning,
when a large number of the older boys
beVame suddenly 111, and the hospital of
the school being too email to accommo
date all of them the dormitories were con
verted-into hospitals and all the physi
cians available' were Bent for. Inasmuch
es the poisoning was confined to two com
panies of the" inmates and that the others
escaped It was at first supposed that some
poison had been placed in the food, and in
order to preveut a repetition of it the sup
ply of food was condemned and a new
supply ordered. Including everything
which Is kept in the larder.
To-day it , was positively, established
that the illness of the boys and officials of
the school was due to ptomaine poison
ing An -official statement, which was Is
sued to-night after a thorough Investiga
tion had been made by the board of.trus
tees of the. school, fully explained the
matter. , It is as follows:
Special DI«patc.h to The Call
account. In view of the week's violent
llauldatlon. Is "considered nothing l^ss
than astounding. The pressure for credits
which could have produced such a result
might have been enormous, although It is
recognized that the situation of the banks
must be strengthened by the additional
collateral and the improvement In its
character which probably has been ex
acted. The bank statement was neverthe
less sufficient to make the closing in
stocks weak and there was late pressure
also upon. bonds. The convulsive contrac
tion in prices of many specialties was
recognized as being due in many cases
to closing out collateral for loans of the
failed firms and some of the stocks af
fected tonflrm the plaint of the prominent
operator connected with yesterday's prtn
cipal failure, that even Investment stocks
are unsalable in the present .market.
The fear has grown that the shrinkage
In securities values and the difficulties of.
the money market will themselves react
on the general situation and prompt the
abandonment of enterprises which are re
lied upon to keep up the demand for com
modities. Such a tendency is suggested
by the intimations, that various rallroaA
companies are modifying plans for better
ments, owing to the difficulty in obtaining
money. -
Meantime Wall street simply waits for
the liquidation to exhaust Itself, with no
very definite opinion as to when that will
be.
The following table shows the day's
more notable declines in prices:
Chicago and Eastern Illinois 23H
D«s Molnes and Fort Dodge 2JV»
Distilling of America preferred l«Vi
United States Rubber preferred 1*
North American *-J*
Evan* vt lie and Terre Haute I"**
American Coal 10
Pittsburg. Cincinnati. Chicago and St-
Louls t'S »
Minneapolis -and St. Louis 8
St. Louis and San Francisco «%
Rubber Goods preferred •
Rubber Goods <¦• &Vj
American Linseed preferred .5
Buffalo. Rochester and Pittsburg 5
Westinghouse Electric 3,
Baltimore and Ohio preferred -*H
Union Railway Investment preferred 4Vj
American Unseed :.... 4
Cleveland. Columbus. Chicago and St Louis S T «
Delaware and Hudson....' ""•*
Hocking Valler »
Iowa Central 3
Officers Are Also Among the.Unfor
tunates and. the Causo Is Found |
to B2 Ptomaines in the :
• ' . Tood.
Membars of Two Companies
at Whittier Becoma: ;¦•;
V" >;¦;.'• - , Sick. . • ¦. ...i ' -
Sudden Illness' of ~ 1::
mates of a Reform
. Institution
BOYS SUFFER
FROM POISON
AT A SCHOOL
MISSING DEEDS TO MINES
ADD TO BERKELEY MYSTERY
Remarkable Sequel Is Discovered to Story of Gaptaih
Thomas Howard's Fight for a. Fort:iineiin Alaslca; and
His Bloody End in the Midnight Hours in Berkeley
TO the story of the deep conspiracy
that lurks in the background of
tht mysterious death of Captain
Thomas Howard in West Berke
ley an Saturday, the 18th, investi
gation adds startling facts. The deed to
the 1600 acres of rich mining property in
the Klondike, which Captain Howard
trrasur*d as representing all his fortune,
has disappeared. When last seen by his
frjends Captain Howard had the docu
jnent on. his person; when found withuhia
head riddled with bullets there was not a
scrap of paper on him save a franked
ticket to Sausalito.. . .
As published exclusively in .The- Call
yesterday morning. Captain Howard had
been the victim of 'a scheme by New
York financier? to oust him from the pos
session of the rich concession of. mineral
lands oh Indian River, and he feared that
every day's 'absence from the Klondike,
m-as a menace' to ¦ the safety of his for
tune. - • i * '. ' . r ...
Though he had the c^ean title. 'to his
wealth tight In his hand. Captain How
ard had fought successfully against his'
defrauders for a. year. On Saturday, July
IS, he was found in a lonely suburb across
the bay with two bullet holes in his head.
The deed had dropped out of sight with
its owner. ._\--
PRECIOUS DEED MISSING.
J. B. Treancr, an insurance adjuster,
with offices at 501 Montgomery street, who
was a clo.-e friend and business associate
of Captain Howard, says that on Satur
day. July 11, Howard came to his office,
where the document confirming the Gov
ernment land grant was in safe keeping,
and took it out of the vault. At that time
Captain Howard said he would leave for
Victoria that night and desired to take
the deed. A week ¦ later' his" body was
found in West Berkeley. -."./.-
Thorough search. - *f . tha*4e.ad man's pa-,
pers reveals no "trace of the deed.' There
is in. his folio-ft rough type writtea draft
of the original Government paper, which
Captain Howard waa -wont . to use merely
as reference, but. which bears no -- legal
authority. -•' : • '
HOWAED'S MO VEMENTS.
j Captain Howard's former" associate,* J.
B. Treanor, sees suspicious circumstances
in the violent end "of Captain Howard
and the disappearance of the deed. He
says: - - . .,.:. - •. • j
That Captain Howard has been foully mur
dered there Is no doubt. -The circumstantial
evidence of the motive Is. very grave. The
captain had told me that he had had a fight
for his title and felt that he must get back
to Alaska at the earlleit moment. He was
especially -careful of his deed from the Ot
tawa land- office, and kept it locked in ray
safe until July 11.
- On that day he said he was going to leave
for Victoria that night whence he was coins
to Alaska Immediately. He always carried' tbe
deed .when he -, traveled and so In th* - present
Instance he had It in his pocket when I said
good-by to him.
Over the week intervening between that
night when Captain Howard took leave
oi his friend and July 18, when his- body
was found in. West Berkeley,' there hangs
a veil of mystery as. deep. as that cloud
ing the truth of his terrible taking off.
He was not at his hotel in. this city, nor
at the home of Treanor : in Frultvale,
where he had formerly spent three
months. Not a clew to his movements
can be discovered.
It ha3 become reasonably certain that
the presence of Captain Howard in West
Berkeley on the day of his death was
prompted- by a desire to see Charles But
ters, the mining expert and capitalist.
William G. Henshaw," who had met Cap
tain Howard .through a letter of; intro
duction from a friend in Canada, had In
troduced him to the capitalist some time
in June. ;."
! In an effort' to .-Interest both . Charles
Butlers and hia brother ' William in his
project of developing his rich mineral
holdings in Alaska Captain' Howard had
paid seyeraJ visits ..to their respective
homes in Berkeley and Oakland... On. the
fatal '17th -of July, when Captain Howard
was seen at noontime by *C. E. Carman in
West Berkeley, he Inquired the', way to
East Berkeley. It Is probable .that he
was on his way to Charles Butters' homo
at 2C46 Telegraph, avenue, and had'ar
rived in West Berkeley through a mistake
in trains. "' " • " ; • ¦
But Captain Howard's presence in West
Berkeley a week after he; wa« I supposed
to have departed for the' north is ; ren
dered inexplicable by the statement of
T. S. Cunningham of 1219 Jackson street.
He said yesterday:"
I was an old friend of Captain Howard,
and. having met him In the Klondike In 1902,
grew to be bo close to him in business affair*
that he told me most of his .plans. On July
10 I met him on -Montgomery street ' and ho
told tn« then that he .waa expecting to. meet &
prominent mining engineer who was- to ar
rlvt from the East that night. He stld.that
In company with this, engineer he going
to 'leave, for 'Alaska, on. the. following night,
•topping off in "Victoria. "That was the last I
ever saw of him.- • ...•••.. .
The theory that Captain Howard waa
utterly lacking .in funds and hence
prompted to take, his own life ts refuted
by the statement of Treanor that he fur
nished his friend with money and also
by tho fact that among Captain How
ard's effects, were found. Wells-Fargo re
ceipts showing that on April 11 he for
warded $60 to a. Captain Edward Palmer
and orr July 4 and 6 deposited' $150 to hi*
own. credit." • " ¦:' ¦' '."'¦¦
Dr. Hubert N. Rowell 'of Berkeley, the
surgeon who assisted in "the autopsy on
the dead man, scouts the. suicide theory.
He said last night:
Either o£ the wounds from the pistol balli
Some people have the medal craze bad
ly. aa is tbe case in'Tivoli. N. ,Y. Colo
nel'J. L..:de Pey»ter.'of 'that place raised
the 6tar» and stripes over Richmond after
it fell, and the unkind Government would
not -rive him amedaJ of honor foivit; as
it -was claimed that there was no per
sonal' risk' or danger in the : ait. , The
man's friends had a nice 'medal made for
him, however.— Bprinsfleld (Mass.) Repub
lican ' : ' ,..'-.-¦•-^..- :.:--.-. : :**'.--." ..•
THE SAN PR A Is CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 26,, 1903.
22
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
INWOMAffSWASf
A LUMP IS CANCER
A lump or tor* on tha lip, faco or any
whero six montlis is nearly always
cancer. Zt never pairs tuxtU
almost past core.
I WILL GIVE $1,000
If I Fall to CURE any CANCER oi-
Tumor. NO KNIFE OR PAIN.
Not a Dollar JTeea Be Paid Until Coxed.
Tbe nearest painless and lnfalllbls
cure ever discovered. Best free book on
cancers ever printed sent with tes-
timonials of -thousands cured whom you
can see. A small lump ¦ in tha breast
will poison the glands in the armpit
where cure is often impossible.
' In 30 years I have cured mora can-
cers than any other doctor living:. Why
experiment with the swindling X-Ray
or home treatment until past cure?
Investigate my absolute guarantee.
120-pagre book sent free.
The Dr. Chamley Cancer Cure Co.,
"Strictly Sellable."
Offices: 23-25 Third St., SAN FRANCISCO.
Please send to some one with Cancer
A Prediction
M& MADAM DEVAS
THE PALMIST
J§. VERIFIED
A few months aso MADAM DEVAS predicted
; for a woman that she would lose all her prop-
' erty in leas than two months. In l«sa thaa
; three weeks her home and all its contents.
u raluea ar $SCC0.00.*we-fe' a«itrbye(t- br flr», wita
! bo— insoranc*. -Nttae-tM •?ddres*- ob> aPDlti-a-
; tlan.-UDEVJtS'-'^fay.k;Ht^-"Vgth.Trtir.'*- ftn» ?on9
into another edition. A qopy sent free.
MADAM DEVAS can' be "consulted at hse
elegant office. N'o." C6. second flo<3r. Lieb«a
BWit., 13& Post Street. Hoars: 10 to 12 a. m.;
1 to 5 p. m. and Tuesday eventngs. Sundays
by appointment only. $1.00 palm readings a
specialty.
*^:-.---r^ x ~ r " : ':": 1 T!'^^VT. .V *"*i^J*>)C '' ' ' * r )V19$L ' ' ' '"
• ; *y ;>' r "Vpv^".*^^^^v^ '*' * \ ¦¦ * : '¦ ¦¦ . v^y-**.",**'"'-v'. '
¦,-:-.v.'-.-.,\ -¦.-.. -l-.c. — ¦--.¦¦.! ¦¦ -¦ ¦- • -¦:¦--¦¦¦¦¦"¦ ¦¦ .-¦"'-¦¦."¦¦¦ .-.rf.. .'.: % M "'.*7.*l -...
Body SO Inches long. 7 Inches deep; lVs'lnch
axles, lonK distance; wheels IVi-inch: A-?rada
eptines, oil tempered; nicely trimmed and fin-
Igg-K^^.™?. 649.50
Allison, Meff & Co.,
222 MISSIOM StREET,
San Francisco. Cat ¦ . •¦
>^^*^*^^m CT H H Ju fa ¦ ¦ 4^^^
''¦¦
EVERyBLADE.mRRANTED
<f|y A U, T .0 M OB I L E g^
Mp AND DKI?me."-'.;j£U
jim PROTECTOR^]
jfy 25 cents per pair . WJ
EVERY WOMAN
* -—^ is interested and should know
about the wonderful
.fMKMARVEL 1?^^°
XW S*M^! Jit \ z h , e Waal SyriBfe.
t'WX&A I'aSj ' i\ Injection ana. Suction.
WS^TtS^M ¦ fct-Saiest-MostCos.
> v^v^C>^iafew vgnieat. ItCleaviei
Aik yosr tnttitt tar It." o- "iMte% f ¦ f^-*y^°
If he mnnflt -upply th» \lgrW v '^#?&-
MARVF.U »««.ptn« • \& '£i-*-«>»--
«h<r. Na Mnd tcamo ft>t niu*. >ft^. f^"^\\y
tntrrt Hook— s;j»le«l. ltfiv^jfjii \. f . j
MrtlcuUn »n-1 litre- ti«-f« inT»lu»ble Ov'"/ AM
taUdi*- w.%n% - ri.ro.. yii'to •iLM
Koom KB. Tliati Bde.. Ntw Tork. <> "*iii2^
IHigWEAK MEN
¦JgP"i^a t>n. HALI/S REI>TViaOR.\TOK
Oam so*^J»tc.p* all lv>>ses ana unnatural <!!»-
H ] IB chars«» in 21 hours. Tou feel aa
ra-21 KvS lrr -rrovemer.t from, the first dos*.
Iffli PTJTIl xv * have 8O much ccnftdenc« m our
UmA l4-*rt lr ' atlVl * nt lh «« we >'ft*r t'U^
O'/LJ&Sl un<^ rec ' reward for ?.r.y tasi «•-
isBBiimriinil ¦.¦annct cure. This j»cret remedy
curt* «mi power, nightly emissions, wasted or-
san». vartcove!*. sleet, strictures, kidneys, fatl-
ms memory. • drains ia tha ur'.na. gonorrfto^a.
rflse&ie cf the orcstmte elands and all other
•rrrlh!« effects of s«tf'«bus» or exce&se*. whicn
lead on to consumption and death. FoftQveiy
cures the worst case* in old or ycuns of td* c
mortifying condition, qutckr.ess of t»:e dis-
charge, and wanting to «to. und yau-em't. Sent
¦*aled. <3 per bottle, three bottles. <j- Ou*r-
antccd to cure .any ea?e. .
Call f.r actdrew orders HALL'S MEDICAL.
INSTITUTE. S55 Broadway. OaBUn.1. Cal.
Also for aale at JOTOia Market St.. S. F. S*nU
for. free book.
Weekly Cail.SLOQ par Yoa?
>^--j--^^ > jp^pj«MjjMBjgjMMBpffj«M»s«sia^«a,. l MilW mm t* ¦ <>» —fc— ' * "^^1^ —^ — MTi — 1 — - _*- r^^
Extra Dry.
importations for six months ending June 30,
71170 CAS£S -
Being greater, by -far, than the importations for
01 any previous six months.
The Extra Cry of the superb 1898 Vintage now
arriving *s ' conceded to be the choicest
, ¦-¦ Champagne .producad this dowia, Z
DH. FIESCE'S HE5IEDIES.
¦ '¦: -" ' ' .
The jury returned a verdict of acci-
dental death on the man who fell from
the window ledge on which he had fallen
asleep. But the death was really due to
Jwt^^?4gfCal*Hi'JTl "ftg 1 1 carelessness
ly^^T^f^gajSgallaSj | which made
the accident
-¦ ¦ L " '' ' ' ' "__ • . _j possible.
\\f^ * There are a
jf j' h ff fl r" »at many
"-"IQ x*0% r<^ ir — denly termi-
• j JL-I-I • P^"^T*V~"~ nated as a
~*£ci^$$r although the
' y%R&^^~~ m ~~* >^ medical cer-
r $&&tfi£\' : A y tificate may
When a man
PV-jF ( ; Q[ chances with
T*T his stomach
and neglects
the •warning symptoms of disease, ne is
careleasly inviting calamity.; !
Dr.* Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other,
organs of digestion * and nutrition. It
enables the perfect digestion and assimi-
lation of food, which makes strength.-
It stimulates the liver, cures biliousness
and removes bilious impurities from the
blood.. . . ,. •
"I had been troubled with a pain in lower
part of rny stomach' for three years, so severe I
thought it would kill me ia time> writes Mr.
Aaron Vaa Dam. of (Kensington) 9549 115th St.,
Chicago. 111. "I could hardly work; it felt like
a hi; weight hanging- on me and got so bad that
I had t« take medicine. I used Stomach Bitters
for a time, but it did no good so I wrote to Dr.
R. V. Pierce for advice, which he .fare me im-
mediately. I followed hit directions; used two
\y ttlfg of his medicine and was cured. I had a
torpid' liver which was troubling: me instead oi
cramps (as I thought), so Dr. Pierce told me.
I have pleasure in- living 'now; have sained in
weight 15 pounds since then." .... .
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. They do not beget the pill
habit ¦ . . v .' . ' ; ;,;;/¦
8 ad way's
FHNs
Parely vegetable, mild and* reliable. Causes
i-ertect dlftstlon. ccioplete absorption and
healthful regularity. .
• For tbe cure of all disorders of the Stomacn.
Liver. ' Bovela,. Kidneys. " Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities.. Stck Headache, . Blllouznets, Con-
f tlpation. Plies and ¦¦ all derangements of th«
Internal Vtrcera. 25c a box. At druggists . or
l.v roalL .- RADWAT & CO.. New Yorlr
LEADING TU-PIN'ESS COU.KCE OF THE
WEST. 24 Port «t.. San FntncUci. Cal. j
r.ctabllrt:td 40 year*. Opfn entire year.'
Write for ll'.Uftrstcd r«taltwni< tfre»).
' VON MEYEKiNtK *$£?
Ml Fulton el.. San Franc!«-o. Cal.
Und»r th» PlrfrtltMi nf
ML km VON MEYERINGK,
The l«rfftt and t**t *<julpp«! »ehoe>l on
the Pacific Coa*t. offertnr all the advant-
af*« ef Eastern and European Conterva-
torle*' for a thorough musical education
under ruidar.re cf a carefully selected start
ef prominent 'te«cher«^ Prospe:tu» »ent # oa
application.
Actual buslne** bcrkkreptr.K: orly expert, ac-
• couatacts *nj reporter* as teachers; Or~trt:
shorthand eaeleat, !iHf»t acd most readable.
Day and evening. Send for catalogue to Col-
lege. 1238 Market »t. .
a, FOLYTECHNIC
Boslnees-CoUeire and
Ea' _ School of Eselret-r-
rtnK3LiT*e, ». :r -*"- Oak'.snd. Cal.
a^rjBStf tfS»*^^grf lJirprtt and bf»t
*5cSK2"BB5^s ' qulrP * d «">">oi of
- iSvyrSTil A ir^-2 burtne*s, sberthand
• BiT r^tnTi'*^^ v * nd " earlneerin* *-^*t
SKSl WifliTPjmU cf Chicago. Perfect
¦TPiiXMU'WWii^y* < Usiate. expen » • *
' low. \rrlte for fre«
; lCO-pa*e cataloyn*.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
.(I-0R Y0U\G LADIES).
Confers Decrees and Grants Diplomas.
. <cfnl&aiy . cour»* accredit »d to the untv*r»i-
t3«» asd leadlns Eastern colitjes; rar« oppor-
tmsHles eScrvd ta fnusle. art and elocution.
:TWrtr-«i»:feth rear. Fall, term opens Auguit
li, 1 * 08 - w rtt» far catal«cu« to MRS. C. T.
aHU. Pres.. Mills College P. P.. CaL
Hitchcock Military Academy,
8 AS RATAEI^ CAX..
. 6eparat* taslldinc for little boj *. Xmas term
win begin cb Act. IT.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
. O OAJvDING AND SAT fcCHOOL FOR
*>>©«nc ladles acd llttU elrls, 2l2t> California
•t. will racjxn Acjruat 3. 190X Accredited t*
tb« Uulversiti«s. REV. EDWAKi» a
CHTTRCH. A. M.. Principal.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL-
• Etu41e« »C1 be resumed MOXDAT. Auiryst a.
*°°*- BRO. ZEN'OXIAN. President.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
FERAL.TA PARK. BERKELEY
Xk*rdiB» and day .chool fcr boys unUer IS year.
«£an. Studies commence MOXDAT. August 3
1BO8. Send for prospectus to Pro. Genebran. '
#ftTl rOr V VI *V #v •» School. 600 po-
C I IVCCR «itJona tn past year.
X^ -^"^ San rrar.clsco.
COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
EAN JOSE. CAU
rifty-ifcer.d year. Confer* dtjrreet. craat*
<lplctaa«. College preparatory ccernditea. Ccn-
acn'atory cecne. Intermediate as J ' prtmary
•cpartmect* for youoser chiiaren. studies re-
•tuaed Aorust 4. 1V03.
XX8S S&BXES AJTD SUSS HUGHES'
SCSOOZt FOB QmXM
AT PALO AUTO. r>UK>RXIA. Fi^rjnerty the
THOBUE.2T SCHOOI..
Prepares ?or the T'nlversltlM and Colleges.
West ar.d Cast. University lectures open to
ttcdert*. Seiaettcr begins Aucutt 25. ,-
ANDERSOM ACADEMY.
IKVINCTW*. CAi. * '
A Blgh-grade MlUtary School for a limited
Bcaiber et boys of good character. Xtxt term
begiac Augun 12.
yiLLlAM WALKER AJTDgRSOX Prtnrtra:.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
Ajro vah axss sracorAST,
IHi Jackson «., 8. F. Boarding anj day
•chnol fcr girls. Aerredlttd by the leading
coUeces and UBlver«lUes. Special attention
g1-»en to music Reopens August 10. 1002.
SARAH D. HAMLIN', Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory tcnool for the onl-
rewlty. law and radical collrres. Is -well
kaown for Its careful and thorough work. Come
and be with u»; we prepare you well; refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Pheiaa building.
L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
fctace and platform poaltloas swanued.
lascvacti; eipiomaa. Catalogue, tlbl Sutter
at. Pbont Weit 1KB. Meopen» Etotember ' 2.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
FARTINGTON"£. 424 PLNE ST.
Oldest School In America.
Kew Term Bearlns MONOAT. Aug. 3.
DAT AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Mtalo Park, California. Prepares
Ior any oslverctty or for bu»in«». Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph.D..
Principal. Fall term opens Auguft 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOB hiOTS. BELMONT. CAL.. :
Omu Icr sew pupils August 10; for former pa-
p(i» Acgrut 12. Cauiogue aad .bock of view,
en application. " ' '
W. T. REID. A. M. rHarvard). Head Uiifr
Miss West's School for Girls.
.• . 2W« VAJ* NESS AVENUE.
Cpena Auguet IS. Home and Jay ?c^co!. Ac-
credited by leading Cflleges. yor catalug-je ad-
in— MART B. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
BERKELEY, CAL.. '-'^JJ^PJ
Reopens Monday, Angnst . 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens Ackuat 23th
m new balUtnx* on Monte Diablo ave. Modcrv
improreinenU. For further Information or cir-
*tttar» addreas <MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
1 AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory b26 Howard St.
K'Ns'l, '/^JB br tk» »^ «f fB. PItRCI •
VSWgC^i^JjS^nW KLtCTttIC *>.LT.- A T«.
(.ntul tmninii Tt» sett
il T&lr£y/ir "'*F\ 6d»etl«<; r<Mri««l *7pBw«
' ' v^-M*l'Srfc, f* crersad*. It»h fl» eo» dire,
u_^. tkl< b*'- 1 '•**• CsU * *"* '"
r*M ' * Pierce Electric Co, 33 West 2«b
aweT'KasrTerk « 206 **•* 6C • 6ia FraacUco, Cal •
DDTTCLI17C FOR barders. ba-
brtwtrs. bcckblntJcra, candy-makera. cancers.
floor mUU. roantfrles. laundries, paper-
Dangers t^nnter*. palntera. aho« ' factories.
tULltssta. t*i- rtjat si* tana«-r».. tailors. «ie. . ..
SUCKAVAJT BSOS, v .. ,
»rcjh JCaaoXavCtnrers, 609 Sacramento SL
)^:-i'' : '¦- '¦<' ' ; r : :f; ADVERTISEMENTS. , : T;; '
A Poetical and Scientific Treatment
'¦.--¦:. the Liquor Habit
Arrangements may be made for the treatment.
'¦'.,¦ of patients; at home, at the club, or at an hotel.
Oh special request we will , send a doctor to.,
administer treatment to patients at a distance.
THREE I>AY 1 KJtjOR CURp IN^i»||jri
Suite, 301. Starr King Building, 121 Geary St., San Francisco. ¦ .; .'.,- Telephone, Private Exchange 216. •
J| '¦¦ \f. LOS ANGELES INSTITUTE; ;M5# South Spring St, Lbs Angeles. .•
- mmmmmmmmmm^mBmm^mmmmm^mKmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^mmmm^Continued on Page 24, Column 1.
JINCE my return from Europe, to 1301.
I havo thought it best not to dis
cuss the resignation of Dr. Ross and
"The document of earlier date to which
Professor Ross refers and with the terms
of ' which he was unwilling to comply
reads as follows: | (Original draft in Pres
ident Jordan's handwriting, is on file.)
MEMORANDUM.
" 'To Dr. E. A. Rose: It is understood
" 'April S. 1^7."
" "To Dr. E. A. Ross: It is understood
that unless Dr. Ross should choose to do
otherwise, he shall retain the professor
ship of social science for 1897-93 on the
present terms, and that In 1S98-99 he shall
have the usual sabbatical year on the
same terms as the other professors, if
such leave of absence" be then granted.
It- is further, understood that he shall re
tire from the university August- 1. 1S97, If
it be deemCd desirable for ihe interests of
the university.
tion it called for and that in consequence
of my protest the document was revoked
and I received on April 8, 1897, a roap
pointment absolutely without conditions.
Very respectfully yours. E. A. Ross.* "
"Under date of 'April 8 the following
memorandum, a copy of which is on rec
ord, was mailed to Professor Ross:
MEMORANDUM.
"'Surely, in showing this document as
evidence 'of r my ; probational status, .the
university authorities must havo forgot
ten that it! is now in their hands becaiia'j
I promptly returned it to th-j'pres'dcnt
withUhe'statementthatl was unwilling
to ; comply .with its terms. They overlook
the fact ' that • 1 5 nevci- wrote the ' resigna-
"LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNI
VERSITY. OFFICE OF THE PRESI
DENT. STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.,
May 28, 1901.— Dear Sir: The following
circular letter, undated, mailed • May j 27,
1901. in San Francisco, has been' received
by members of the faculty of Stanford
University:
. " 'The University of Nebraska, Lincoln-
Dear Sir: ;I wish to bring to the attention
of my former colleagues a' matter of fact
touching my honor. . t _
".'Many seem to have the impression .that
in 1S97 I allowed' my, footing. in the uni
versity to be changed. I wisn,; therefore,
to stated distinctly that I never accepted,
a peculiar, irregular '"or probational status
in Leland' Stanford 'Junior University.
'f.'tTh'ol contrary* impression appears to
arise from a : document dated April 3, 1S?7,'
which is addrease-1 to me and in the form
of a reappointment; for. 1897-8. and a leave
of absence on | half pay for 1S98-9, but ! at
taches the condition that I am to hand ,'n
at oneomy resignation as professor of so
ciology," the same to be ultimately accept
ed by ; the president if- the; best : interests
of , the university should seem to* require
n. : ' ; - •;¦¦ : :'•--, V> - J v ¦ ¦-¦¦ '¦- - ¦ ¦ •¦
" I believe that professors and others con
nected with the university must feel un
der similar restraint, lest th«; proper ex
pression of their private views', bo miscon
strued. I hope that this feellnjr may be
dispelled so far as possible an*l that aucti
relations be established, between you and
the university that recommendations and
criticisms may be made in a proiwr.and
orderly manner, without the fear of oeir.g
misunderstood by either president, pro
fessors or trustees.
The following copy, of n letter a<Mrc*3e0
to the professors «has recently ; come to
my attention and throws some light upon
the. status of Dr. -Jtoss in the. university
prior to the two speeches referred to l?y
him:
In no other institution are the principles
of freedom of speech, freedom of thought
and freedom of conscience so thoroughly
established and safeguarded ay they :ire
In the Leland Stanford Junior University.
In so far as I criticized the utterances of
Dr. Ross, - 1 was not only exercising a sa
cred right which we have guaranteed to
every one connected with the institution,
but I was speaking in defense of these
very principles. No one can appreciate
more fully than I the right to freedom of
speech, for upon many occasions I have
refrained with the greatest possible effort
from expressing my personal views when
I believed serious errors were being made,
lest it might be thought that I was at
tempting to impose those views upou the
university.
of free speech by Professor Ross*are ac
cordingly based upon alleged objections to
utterances which he claims never to have
made and to conduct of which he claims
not to have been guilty.
- v It. should 'have 'been evident to Profrs
sor Ross and every one else familiar with
my policy of refraining from imposing my
religious, political or sociological vi*ws»
upon the university, however strong
those views might be, that if any error
was committed it must have arisen from
misinformation or mistake of fact, ami
not from wrong principle. Had I wlshiti
to impose any such vie* s -upon the uni
versity: I. could have done so, since the
p.vxcr to change the natiae. objects and
purposes of the institution was absolutely
vested in me by the founding grant and
the act under which the university was
founded.
CHILDREN CHEER
KING AND QUEEN
Nolan Gets New Counsel
J uuse Cook vacated yesterday the order
he Ua<1 previously made appointing Attor
neys MeOeUan and Mcdoskey to repre
sent Mioha'l Nolan at his trial to-morrow
on tb<- charge* of robbery committed upon
Mrs. Emma V. Matthews at the residence
of hrr daughter. Mr?. 14a. E. Tuttlc, J43
Ha fplit -street, on Maroh 4. The Judge ap
-,K>irtted AtiORKgrs J. H. Str-inbach and D.
IV. Burchard t« represent Nolan, and they
j ttill probably ask for a continuance to
morrow jo enable them to familiarize
themselves with the facts in the case.
¦ ? ¦
SALT LAKE. I«ah. July 2.V— The official
<-ell for th" Elwenth National Irrigation CV»n
fr~*-r*. nhlch will \«- lielrt in Ocd*n. Utah, Sep
t*mt>pr 15 to IS. was issued tyiay.
Pleasing Feature of
the Farewell in
Dublin.
DUBLIN*, July 'J*.— Kin? Edward and
Queen A'-exandra left Dublin by train
shortly before noon to-day, accompanied
by Princess Victoria and their suites, on
their way to Newtownards, County Down,
to visit the Marquis of Londonderry at
his Mount Stewart residence. Notwith
standing the rain, the royal party drove
from the vice regal lodge in open car
riages and halted at Phoenix Park to
review thousands of school children, who
shrilly cheered. One of them passed a
bouquet to. the Queen. This was one of
the most touching features of the Dublin
reception, which throughout was remark
able for its enthusiasm and the entire
absence of unpleasantness. The route to
the railway station was packed by con
tinuously cheering people, who gave the
royal visitors a magnificent farewell.
A message from King Edward to the
Irish people, issued to-day, expresses deep
appreciation of the loyalty and affection
with which the Queen and King were
surrounded during their stay in Dublin,
and says the King trusts that in God's
providence the Irish may enjoy blessings
commensurate with the warmth of their
hearts. . -J
The royal train, drawn by an engine
decorated with earlands of flowers, ar
rived at Ncwtownarda without any note
worthy incident, .excepting that the coun
try people crowded every vantage • point
along the line and cheered the passing
train. The town of Newtownarda was
gayly decorated and its streets were filled
by cheerinst crowds. The Marquis and
Marchioness of Londonderry and tho
county and municipal • officers met the
King and Queen at the railway station
and the royal party drove to Mount Stew
art.
After the King left Dublin it was an
nounced that ho had donated $5002Lto the
poor of the city.
PURCHASERS OF JEWELRY
SUED FOR ITS ! PRICE
Receiver of Schumacher & Co. Brings
Actions Against P. I. Janes
and His Wife.
The failure of the Jewelry firm of Schu
macher & Co. is responsible for two suits
filed yesterday in the Superior Court. The
plaintiff in both suits is Louis I. Levi
son. receiver of the firm, and the defend
ants arc Mr. and Mrs. P. I. Janes. The
eults^re to recover the value of Jewels
hold to the defendants and which, accord
ing to the complaint, have never been
paid for.
Mrs. Jnnes is sued for $688 30, the- value
of Jewelry bought by her a short time be
fore the firm was declared bankrupt.
Janes is sued for $7*1 90, also due on a
Jp.welry account started at about the same
time.
PUBLIC OWNERSHIP
/LECTURE IN OAKLAND
IS NOT CRITICIZED
THE other public speech referred to
by Professor Ross was on tho sub
ject, "The Twentieth Century
City."
Concerning these speeches, Professor
Ross made the following statement upon
his resignation:
"My coolie immigration speech is not my
sole effense. Last April I complied with
an invitation from the Unitarian church
of Oakland to' "lecture before them on
Tbe Twentieth Century City.' I address
ed myself almost wholly to questions of
city growth and. city health and touched
only incidentally on the matter of public
utilities. I pointed out, however, the
drift, both here and abroad, toward the
municipal ownership of water and gas
works and predicted that, as Regards
street i railways, American cities would
probably pass through a period of muni
cipal ownership and then revert to private
ownership under regulation. My remarks
were general in character and, of course,
I took no stand on local questions. - Only
months of special investigation could en
able me to -say. whether a particular, city
like or San Francisco could bet
ter itself by supplying its own water or
light. Yet this lecture was objected to."
How, then, could Professor Ross imag
ine that any one should object bo strongly
to his Oakland speech, because of the
views expressed, that it should constitute
a cause of dismissal? As street railways
are the only public utilities in which I
was interested, and that only as founder
of the university, how could he have
thought that J could have objected to his'
views against the success, of public own
ership of street railroads?
Dr. Ross either means that I criticized
his speech- because he believed- public
ownership of street railways would prove
to be a failure or because I opposed pri
vate ownership unfler public control, as
i3 the case of all other railroads under
.the Railroad Commission. Even if street
railroads and all other public, city util
ities are not now; subject to public 'con
trol, should the public wish to exercise It. 1
the experience, of the railroads under euch
control has been uniformly satisfactory
to them, as a reasonable Income is guar
anteed to them by law. . .
It is true, that this Oakland speech was
credibly represented '•- as and believed ; to
be 1 of a partisan character and .that it
contained ( incendiary language, although
1 ii v&s never referred to by me until alter
An Eastern Star Special.
Starr ' King Chapter of the" Order of
the Eastern Star has received so; many
applications of late that It has been
forced to call a meetinc' for next Tues
day night, in order to initiate the etran
gers who wish to join. The event,, an
unusual one in Eastern Star circles, will
be mate the occasion of a social meet
ing after the work of the evening. An
invitation has been extended to the local
membership to witness the work and par
take of refreshments to be served dur
ipg the social hour.
" 'April 2. 1S97.*
"The official memorandum, of April S
has been shown to members of the fac
ulty council aa evidence of Professor
Ross' uncertain status in the university
inlS97. ..' - G.A.CLARK,
';*/;.,• "Secretary to the University."
that unless Dr. Ross should choose to do
otherwise, be shall retain the professor
ship of social science for 1S97-9S on the
present terms, and that in 1S08-S3 be shall
havo the usual sabbatical year on the
same terms as other professors, if such
leave of absence be then granted. It is
further understood that in due time he
shall file with the president of the uni
versity a letter of resignation, to take
effect August 1, 1S90. and that the presi
dent shall be free to accept or decline
this resignation without criticism or pre
judice, as he may think best for the good
of the university!
"DAVID S. JORDAN.
The teaching of violence is in con
sistent with the Founding Grant, which
provides "The nature, object and purposes
of the institution hereby founded, to be;
• • • its purposes to promote the
public welfare by exercising an influence
in behalf of humanity and civilization,
teaching the blessings of liberty regulated
by law, and inculcating love and rever
ence for the grfcat principles of govern
ment as derived from the inalienable
rights of man to life, liberty and the pur
suit of happiness."
Prom subsequent developments, I be
lieve neither President Jordan nor Pro
fessor Ross looked up the report in The
Call, but read a manuscript copy of the
address which, I have since been told,
did not contain the language referred to,
so that neither one seems to have known
or understood the special point of my
reference.
The account referred to consisted of but
a short paragraph and, in conclusion,
quoted Professor Ross as saying: "And
should the worst come to the word it
would be better for.us If we were to turn
our guns upon.evfery vesset bringing
Japanese to our shores rather than to per
mit them to land." I do not know what
Professor Ross meant, but he knew he was
addressing an assemblage composed large
ly of uneducated people not familiar with
the use of euch terms in any figurative
sense and many of whom bad doubtless
followed more than one leader, who, to
the shame and universal discredit of our
State and people, openly counseled the
solution of the Chinese problem by vio
lence and revolution rather than by legal
regulations. A person cannot complain
if he is misunderstood by reporters or
others in the use of incendiary or an
archistic language intended to havo ' a
slightly different meaning.
"My husband, as you know, was an
ardent partisan of the Republican party,
but never for one moment did he intend
or expect that the university would in any,
way favor Republicanism,^ Democracy,
any more than it would favor the
Catholic, Methodist or any other church.
"This movement, which has "but, just
commenced against the immigration of
Japanese; to our country, will, in. a few
months, have assumed very serious pro
portions. It is but a repetition of the old
prejudice against the Chinese, and a
repetition of 'Kearnylsm.' when a reign of
terror pervaded our city, and no one
knows of it better than I, for we had a
guard, armed, in our house to protect us,
and a squad of police surrounded our
house to prevent it from being burned.
At that time this said 'Kearny.* the leader 1
of it all. was sustained by just such car
actcrs; and within, two years after he,
with his followers, became the most ar
dent, devoted and~loyal friends to my hus
band; and in my presence eald that Mr.
Stanford's arguments had convinced him
that he had been an unjust
course."
"My dear friend and helper, I
prize so highly, while discussing this let
me say to you that when I take up a
paper, as I did yesterday morning's Call,
and read of the sayings of Professor Ross
at a political meeting (for it was noth
ing else) and realize that a professor of
the Iceland Stanford Jr. University, who
should prize the opportunities given him
to distinguish himself among his students
by the high and noble manner of his life
and teachings to them, thus steps aside
and out of his proper sphere' to asso
ciate himself with the political dema
gogues of San Francisco, exciting: their
evil passions and drawing distinctions be
tween man and man— ai. laborers, and
equal in the sight of God— and literally
plays into the hands of the lowest and
vilest elements of socialism, I am grieved
to the depths of my heart.- I must con
fess I am weary of Professor Ros3 mix
ing in political affairs, and I think he
ought not to be retained at Stanford Uni
versity. He once before overstepped the
bounds of propriety. Stanford University
is .not a political machine; nor should
a professor of that college ever presume
to get up before a political organization
and air his prejudices and his preferences.
God forbid ! that Stanford University
should ever favor socialism of any kind.
Each man has the right as a.rrlvate citi
zen to vote and believe as he may choose,
but no professor has the right to use
the influence of his position as Professor
Ross has done: nor to get up on the ros
trum and pander to the baser elements
of prejudice. I thought that when Pro
fessor Ross was taken back and resumed
his former position at the university he
had learned a lesson he would never for
get, and I think he should now be dls
mlsVed.
ing the means for tho development not
alone of the mental and moral character
of its students, but that through the in
fluence of its atmosphere their souls shall
be so developed that when they enter
the portals of the future life beyond they
may have laid ud for themselves euch
treasures as this world alone can never
give. The development of the soul is
by far the most important thing in this
life— far more necessary than professors
a& a rule realize. All education should
tend toward this, same aim, and this de
velopment .can only be obtained by fol
lowing the maxims and teachings of the
greatest of all teachers that ever lived,
our precious Savior— Jesus Chriet.
I read the account in the .morning Call
of the speech upon Oriental immigration,
and' then only incidentally. On May 17,
1900, I wrote Dr. Jordan .that "There is
a very deep and bitter feeling of indigna
tion throughout the community, . and I
am made to feelit in vaalous ways,, ex
pressed and ¦ unexpressed, and in bitter
form, that Stanford. University is lending
itself to partisanism and even to danger
ous socialism; or in fact, to any questions
outside of the regular prescribed course
of instruction which the students are ex
pected to receive from their professors.".
Referring to the time of delivery of the
Oakland speech. I. said, "I did not^raen
tlon it at that. time, although I knew of
it, having read of it in' the papers, and
was informed through no one conected
with the railroad company," but by some
of our leading conservative citizens who
aro in sympathy and deeply, interested In
the future of the university and alive to
the dangerous tendencies, * vfhlch in time
will rebound ,and reflect against us all.'.'.
Of course these criticisms were express
ed upon the assumption that the lan
guage and conduct of Dr." Ross had been
as represented in the newspapers and re
ported to me, although my private opin
ion as to the fitness of Dr. Ross was
fully formed prior to and Independently
of these speeches. They were expressed
to the president in the hope that they
would constitute a- basis for a similar
opinion in his mind. .
Subsequently, whiU I was in Europe
and before- the acceptance of the; resig
nation of Dr. 'Ross' by the president. Dr.
Jordan Informed me by letter : that Pro
fessor Ross had "proved" -to him "con
clusively that nothing of the sort alleged
was ever said by him," and that tho re
port of one of the : daily newspapers to
which reference had "been 'made "was a
pure forgery." Dr. Jordan added: "Every
ono who speaks in public suffers from
this sort of thing, either careless ¦* mis
reporting or else deliberate falsification."
The truth of this positive and complete
denial was not questioned but tacitly.ac
cepted by me, and removed the criticisms
of this speech from further consideration.
On May 26, 1900, Dr. Jordan wrote me
that he proposed to reappoint Professor
Ross upon the following terms: '
"1. That 1 (Dr. Jordan) reappoint him
as usual, letting him go ahead with his
work. " "•¦ -
"2. That he tender his resignation, to
take effect at the discretion of the'presi
dent.
"3. That he make reasonable efforts to
secure another place."
My answer was as follows: . •
"PALO AL.TO. Cal.. May 2S, 1900.
"President D. S. Jordan, Stanford Uni
versity—My Dear Friend: Your com
munication dated May .25 has received
consideration.
"I am in accord with you as to reap
pointlng Professor Roas, as usual, let
ting him go ahead with his work: sec
ond, that Ue tender his resignation to
take effect at a stated time, for instance
at thft end of six months, .which gives
him 'an opportunity, and you an oppor
tunity, to make the change you suggest.
I certainly, wish to avoid,. as far as pos
sible, doing anything that would prove- an
injury to him or his future.
"Since receiving Professor Ross' com
munication (a copy of which was sent
to vou) it has occurred to me that ho
did not know that the position he took
at the time of his campaigning for Bryan,
on the silver question, was objectionable.
I have come to this conclusion and feel
very sorry that ho was. not made to
know at that time that he should be more
tactful in his utterances, and that his
course had been very severely criticized.
This has aroused my sympathy 'for him,
and I cannot but feerthat had he then
known the trw° condition of. affairs this
second offense might never have occurred. ,
Very sincerely your friend.
"JANE L. STANFORD.?
GROUND OF CLAIM
TO MARTYRDOM FOR
FREEDOM OF SPEECH
DR: ROSS handed in his resignation
almost immediately after his ap
pointment in the spring of 1900. You
will observe that on October 4, 1900, and
before the acceptance of Professor Ross"
resignation. Dr. Jordan wrote me In Eu
r#pe that "it may be best for him to ko,
but he shoul.1 go in dignity," and con
cluded by the following: "You will par
don me for adding that. while your criti
cisms of Dr. Ross havo a. serious bas's of
fact, they do not cover the wholo size of
the man. I know better than any one else
his faults and his limitations, i do not
wrsh to belittle them,"
In justice to Dr. Ross I mu3t etate that
I cannot say from recollection or from
the correspondence laid before you toilay
that Professor Ross was fully aware of
tho fact that he had been retained
against my judgment for more than four
years before his resignation. Nor do I
believe that he had been correctly in
formed of the grounds of my criticisms
of his conduct and language. Nor do 1
think he knew that I had not questioned
the accuracy of his denials relative to
thosr; speeches.
Any claims to martyrdom in the cause
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
Mrs. Stanford Makes Public
Her Position in Ross Affair
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
23
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Paint Your
House Cheap
And Have It Guaranteed to Look
Better, Wear Longer and Cost
Lesv Than ths Best
White Lead Paints.
Our Pacifio Coast Distributors Will Send
50 Samp!« Colors aid illustrated Book,
"How to Paint a Eous»." Free toAll
x Who Send Name and Address.
. There Is but one "Carrara." it is made by
the Carrara Paint Agency, Cincinnati. O., «n<i
It Is the only paint In the world that is abao-
Tb« Boot of the Orttt Field Museum, Chieigo,
- Coveri g T'Aiim of Ground, la Piloted
With Carrara aiat. 4 ,
Iutely 'guaranteed' not:to fade, crack, chalk,
peel, blister or scale. It is not affected by
adds or . gases, and tt covers more surface,
gallon for gallon, .than the beat white lead
end oil and - costs less than the cheap mixed
paints that Injure, more than they protect. '
.Carrara Is used by the Pennsylvania R. R.;
the Pullman Palace Car Co.; the Chicago Tele-
phone . Co. : the Field Museum. Chicago; the
Kenwood Club. Chtcago: the Cincinnati South-
ern ' K. B. :. the Chicago & Eastern Illinois It.
R. ; the . Denver & Ilio • Grande Railway and
thousands, of others of the largest and most
particular useTa- of paint In the world. The
famous Waldorf-Astoria Hotel of New York,
f>ne of the finest In the world, hao used tons of
Carrara because It 'Is; . the!,' best that can be
found in the market. to-day. . , »
'. For " Interior ¦ or ;' exterior' It ¦• has ' no equal.'
Smooth* and clean. It has i stood the rigid test
of time and man..: If you want to save half
your oalnt bills send your, name and 'address
to The Johnxon-LocKe Mercantile Co.. 123 Cali-
fornia «t., San Francisco. Cal., or , The O. . C.
Zahn Paint Co.* (Inc.). 201 W., First' St., Loa
Angeles. Cal., general dtstrbutors for: the Pa-
cific Coast,, for $0 sample colors and a beauti-
ful illustrated book sent free.\ showing a large
number of. fine houses Just-as they have been
painted 1 . with Carrara, and k*ep well in .mind
that Carrara ' is the only paint ever backed by
A'aosUlva guaranty* la- avcrv cuo. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
From maker
to wearer
TO the best of our knowledge we arc the only
firm in the United States manufacturing every
dollar's worth of our stock of men's, youths' and
bo}V clothing and retailing direct to the wearer.
There are firms that make their men's clothing,
but buy their youths' and boys' garments, from other
manufacturers. There is no firm, that we know of,
whose scope of manufacturing is as extensive as ours.
In addition to making our men's, youths* and boys*
clothing, we manufacture our smoking jackets, Priestly
Crarencttc rain coats and fancy vests.
This means' that you buy these goods from the
maker at but one fair profit.
It means that you save the middleman's profit.
Whether you buy a suit for man or boy, we can save
yon whzt tht middleman would make.
It means that we can give you a guarantee, for
we know what our goods arc, what goes into them
and how they are made. We guarantee every stitch.
It means that we can manufacture just what is
suited to our trade. No matter what you want we
have it here.
It means that we can please you in our merchan-
dise and methods. In purchasing here, you get re-
liable goods, and save money.
These are facts and we can back them up.
If yen live cut of San Francisco write for our new
6} page illustrated catalogue,
740 Market Street
: ' AJVzBTiBZMzym
Large Iftunb«r of Odd Makes Virtually QiTea Away TM»,Week at
P0MMES-E1I.EK3.
~It would take more than a full page in this paper were we to publish the
names of every customer to whom we sold a piano or organ during the past
year. From all indications we shall more than double last year*a phenomenal
W Many who have read Pommer-Eilers* announcements have been skeptical.
They could not realize at once the veritable revolution that Fommer-Euera
methods have wrought in the Western piano business. ™ _
But it has come to be a very generally accepted fact thatFommer-iJiers
are now selling more flne pianos than is any other Western concern. The
reason for this is that we are ottering a better piano for less money than can
See the beautiful selection of regular $400 pianos which wo are now sell-
ing for the uniform price of J296, on payments of ICS down and J10 a montn.
For $197 we are furnishinsra better and In every way more desirable piano
than old-time dealers can afford to sell for 5273 or $300.
On such instruments our terms t>f payment will be made scarcely more
. a >Iany good used pianos come to us4n part payment for new Kimball and
Lesters and Deckers and Hazeltons.
They have come to us In specially large numbers during the past few
weeks ¦ " * **^ *¦-¦¦.- -
With our heavy fall .shipments due to arrive this coming week, wa most
dispose of all used pianos at. once.
Hence these astonishingly, low prices:
Terms and Particulars. A Partial List.
r:u Here is the largest assortment of • ?ton» pUmV fine- rtonlwd case, • ««.
.. j -. i vi rtrl „(„-„. Fischer, larger »Ue, same case, f 155.
really good, serviceable used planoa. c E Byrne, very fancy, larse walnut
that has ever been offered, and. the caw. tm. \ ». ¦;- ¦;
* _uiA „.„ „„,. .I.J.. ?v,*m Elegant- mottled walnut Sherwood,
prices at which we arc closing them marn £, , n transtt>^102. --
out represents a saving to the pur- Beautiful ebony-case J Decjter, <xiuisito
chaser of at least 20 per cent "a n£i?HaH uprisht. fine order. $l»
It is not necessary to pay all cash. Larse Hartman. stencil piano. %9\
With simple interest added to the £ry f «^Clrca»lan ,«£«. Ihah &
cash price, .you can secure any instru- - Fancy large walnut-cased Krocssr up-
% ment 'on. monthly payments extend-, right. »l«3.
• ?-.« ,,»^.» ?»,«*. Prim? Beautiful mottled w&lnat Ktaball up-
ing.;over two. years time. Bring, rj^t $235. ¦ . .
along 110 or $12, or rather one-tenth Large, fancy walnut-caie^Al B/Cba«e
of the c.iount of the piano you wish, "^fl^f^™,,,, , n ane condition.;
' to purchase, as a payment down, and \ $23*. .
tho rest, wtllbe adjusted to suit your Another Waale. .Xato « of.
convenience. . . . ¦.'.' V. Choice HttJ« Baby Grand plano r a beau-
Tho pianos are all of them in excel- ty for $465. . .
lent order. We will accept them from Fancy rosewood-cased Stcck crand.
. vou- In part'payment for new. Instru- *; J *°- " ' • n , h __ ¦
m 3 ents i^an P y ) tlmo within a year And^ny^rs.
from date of sale at tho price we are 8meng them ycxy choice St«tmva>-
now asking for them, which means square. $115: an elegant Chtckerlns.
to you a year's free use of these In- s*™* price: another Chlckerfn*. $W: a
struments in case - you decide later , w. , W. Kimball. $00; a Dtinham. 5SJ,'
on to have a. beautiful new one. . etc. , . ,
"' Money back if your purchase here turns out to be unsatisfactory or not
as represented. Remember the plao<».. .
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO.. "Busiest and Bes«" Piano Dealers, 653 Mar-
i - ket street. Wholesale and retail. ¦ ¦
_ .... ADVEBTISEMENTS. "
HALF THE W(gV^I?^ D saES
Have Catarrh in Some Phase or Stage
Catarrh of the Stomach Common in Summer. Peruna Is a
Specific, for This Ailment.
Miss Marie Llndholm, 239 Thirteenth and had siven ud doctors years before, j many more are simply catarrh— that Is,
street, Milwaukee, Wis., writes: for they never did me any good. I finally chronic Inflammation of the mucous 11 n-
, \ decided to use Peruna. and three bottles in? of whichever organ is affected. «\ny
"I have had very gratifying results from of it entirely cured me. I gladly recom- j Internal remedy that ¦will cure catarrh in
tt» »» /i/«»»n/i //¦> 1'io/m.r^. /..v ,«,- mend it to others who are afflicted as I one location will cure it On any othrr.
the use of Peruna for indigestion and stom- have b een."-Grace Allyn. This is why Peruna has become so justiy
ach trouble, and I am pleased to give my Miss Helen Whitman. SOSVa Grand ave- famous in the cure of female diseases. It
experience. Three years ago my stomach ™- Milwaukee. Wis.. writes: rSn.*^^
began to trouble me. my food did not prop- «,' There is nothing like Perana for. that cures.
er/y digest, and I would wake up two or tired feeling, which gives you no ambition H , f fh Women c uffpr with fcrtarrh.
three times in the night with terrible pains for work or play. After a prolonged illness, "alt tHe Women SuTTcr WIt.1 Catarrn.
caused from indigestion. I saw. a physician about a year ago I felt unable to regain my Over baif the women hav« cmtarrh'in
., nnrannf i , Ml .„,*„« a* ¦«//.-— w L.4 *k health, but four bottles ot Peruna made a some form or another. And yet proba-
at once, and took what he advised, but the won Her1ul chanae and restored me to oer- b!v not a tentn o( the know that
trouble only increased until my health was 1°, f h % a ,U \M!lJ^a^7u 0 vourff^d th * lr 2 lsea . sc catarrh - T ? d * 9tins "? ytl
... ' . . rect neaitn. Ms long as you Keep your oiooa ca tarrh of various organs it has been
very much impaired. I grew pale -and thin in good condition you are all right, and Pe- named very differently.
and thought there was no 'cure for me. runa seems to fill the veins with pure. One woman has dyspepsia, another
Fortunately Feruna was brought to my healthful blood. I thoroughly endorse it." bronchitis, another Bright** disease, an-
notice, ana the regular useof eight bottles ~"** *•'•» »««; 85 anorhe^TemaTc c^Mnt?"™^
heartily. —Marie UndhOlm. nu e. urooKijn. w. y.. writes. chronic catarrh. But it is so, neverthe-
Miss Grace Allyn. 17 Cedar street, Hot "If people knew how efficient Peruna was iess - j
Springs, Ark., writes: ¦ in the cure of catarrh, they would not hesi- t lf , vou do " ot derive prompt and satl«-
."For vcars I was troubled with indi- fate to trv it I have all the faith in the factory results from the use of Peruna
trestlon and dyspepsia, which at times rare V\ r/ 7 ' narea " ™ B ..J" '" ltt * write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
became so bad that I despaired of ever world in it as it cured me. and I hate never full statement of your case, and he will
again enjoying a good dinner. Everything known of a case when the person was not be pleased to give you his valuable advice
I ate or drank would sour on my stom- cured in a short time. ""'Jennie Driscoll. ' sratis. ; :
ach or cause me to vomit. I had tried I _ Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
everything In the patent medicine line Each one of these troubles and a great Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fLECTBO-WlljCl
QuickCures
'•Five weeks' treatment at the JXECTRO-
CIIKMIC INSTITUTE. 118 Grant ave.. cured
rri^ of HRONCHIAL. CAT ARM!. ASTHMA and
KHI;t:MATI£M. and It also cured me of
' 'KEAFNEES and RINGINO EARS and Improv-
?^ my cyeright. I «m «<; years old. I had «uf-
l<Tf<"*ir.any jeare and all the other t; eatments
»!iirti I had i>reviotiFly u*«d did m»s no irood."
(Flpned) FREDERICK MEYER.
* .v; :..- Cullcce P. O.. Alamtda County. Cat.
This is only one of hundreds of re-
markable cures by Electro-Chemistry.
Free X-Iiay Examination and trial treat-
ment. Specialties — Cancer, Tumor*, Ca-
tarrh, Consumption. -J rcmchltli, Aithaa,
Shenmetisa, Far&lysl*. X>ocomotor
Ataxla, Nervous Debility, Piles and all
Special Diseases of Mea and 'Women.
Electro-Chemic Institute
118 Grant Ave., cor. Post St.
Oltict- Hours— 9 a. tn. to 5 P. in., and 7 to fi p.
m. daily Sundays 10 a. in. ta 1 V- o>.
EEI'AIIATE APAKTMENT8 FOIt LADIES
AN'IJ GENTLEMEN.
The best possible business
methods are used in the sale
of Schilling's Best
t<-» baking-powder (pice*
coCee f*veri*z extracts ••**
hy grocers, especially good
• ones, bn this Coast. MBContinued From Page 23, Column 7.
effort to let him get away honorably; but
it took two days more to find out that he
was at bottom just a dime npyel villain."
On December 10. 1900. he wrote: .'The one
thing in this whole business" that humll-
Jatea me. beyond is that I was
this man's frienfl. that l:Judged his* char
acter so ill that l thought him a man of
Honor when his sole purpose was to stab
you and to drag me with him. I wa H de
ceived, as were most of his colleagues,
by his .zeal and apparent loyalty. I do
not know whether you can ever forgive
me for this, for I can only deserve for
giveness by confessing myself a fool."
In his letter of February 27. 1901. he
S l at *V; " The university- will not suffer
the slightest permanent harm. We have
been In the right all . the way, and what
is ri«ht Is sure | to Justify Itself in the
Ions run." In the same letter he sayg:
U 'In my cablegram. suggesting the pub
lication of a few sentences of yours I
had in miad only two or three sentences
In a letter to me of November: SI. 1900.
Dr. Jordan stated: ,"1 must confess that
for -the nret day 1 was staggered. He had
promised to do nothing disloyal or harm.
fui in any event, and 1 had strained even-
I fully realize the difficulty of applying
the rule denning the rights and duties of
professors as individuals "and the rights
of the university to a just reputation for
non-partlsanlam. In cases of. doubt it is
the duty of the university not to interfere
in political questions.
It is very important that in such posi
tions as Professor Ross held men of good
mental balance should be employed, who
can fairly present both sides of every po
litical'or social question without placing
the university in a partisan attitude. I
never believed Professor Ross to be such
a man. You will note that Dr. Jordan sub
sequently held views far more radical
than any I ever entertained In -regard to
Dr. Rcss.- In his letter of. November- 17,
1900, which you will rtnd attached to this
document, together with a number . of
other letters on the same subject. Dr.
Jordan says: "As I have read over your
letters this morning I am convinced that
you were wholly in the right In your
Judgment of him (Ross) and not I. I wish
that 1 had followed out your suggestion
four years ago. 1 -believed, first.- that he
was worth keeping, for we want some
bold, radical men; second, that we should
not mar his career with tho stigma' of
dismissal." ~ 4 /-¦*, . • \.
be able to refer to li in case a similar
question arises in the future.
Mrs. Stanford Makes Public Her Position in the Ross Affair.
the other professors who interested them
selvcK therein, with Dr. Jordan or others
«t the university or even to Inform them
of my Intention to make this statement.
I will ask to have the letters and cable
grams received by m% read to you and
filed In your' archives, together with cop
ies of my letters to Dr. Jordan that your
successors may understand the case and
Scarborough (England) corporation has
been recommended to plant trees so as to
hide the poles carrying electric tramway
trolley wires. ..
What promises to be an unusually in
teresting lecture will be that given by
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall. the psychologist, at
Steinway Hall to-night. Dr. Mclvor-Tyn
dall. has taken for his subject "The
Thought That Kills." and claims to bo
Lecture on Destructive Thought.
Owing to the inability of the California
Lacrosse Association to secure the Pre
sidio athletic grounds for the scheduled
game of lacrosse between the Hurcn and
Iroquols teams the game which was to
be played this afternoon Is postponed until
August 1 - ,
Lacrosse Game Postponed.
In the presence of a small party, of their
intimate friends. Robert Fltxstmmona. ex
champlon»boxer of the world, and Miss
Julia May Glfford. the actress, were mar
ried at the Palace Hotel at 5 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. The attractive young
bride was attended by Miss Darren, who
was formerly a member of the same the
atrical company In which the bride played
in Chicago, and the best man waa George
Dawson, the only representative of Gsti
ana who was invited to the wedding.
Justice of the Peace Daniels officiated,
and after the ceremony the guests re
paired to adjoining rooms, where Ugbt re
freshments vere served. In the evening
Fitzslznmons and his bride- and a few
friends formed a theater party at the
Tl'voll. To-day the newly married couple
will go to Harbin Springs on their honey
moon. .
MISS GIFFOBD WEDS -
B.0BERT FITZSI3IMONS
Former Champion Pugilist and Wif 9
Will Spend Their Honeymoon.
at Harbin Springs.
able to prove his -theory that thought of
a certain character has power to produce
certain destructive chemical changes In
the human organism. The*lecture will be
followed by demonstrations.
have better control over those professors
that are left than you have'ever had be
fore, for they will realize that there is a
supreme head above theirs in the institu
tion, for not one of them has the welfare
and future good of the university at heart
as you and I have. We are not anxious
to promote and advance the professors In
the oolnion of the public, but we are
anxious that they shall send forth grand
men and women who have noble aims
and high aspirations to benefit hu
manity." •
I do not think I would have brought
this subject referring to the dismissal of
Professbr Boss before you at this late
day. even though I have suffered in abso
lute silence, had I not very lately received
a New York paper in which allusion was
made to my giving up the management
which. It was stated, had been tyrannical
and overbearing in the extreme; that I
had asked for the dismissal of professors;
that Dr. Jordan had never, been allowed
to act according to his own Judgment, and
that it would be a great relief to him to
have the contemplated change made. Be
cause of these impressions I consider it
my duty to myself and to the memory of
the absent founder to make the above
statement plain to you trustees and to
the public and to submit the whole cor
respondence to you. To do this is not
without its painful side to me. After
thoughtful, prayerful, conscientious con
sideration I concluded to take this step.
- My secretary will now read the corre
spondence relative to the resignation of
Dr. Ross and certain other papers relat
ing to it that may be of interest to you. -
JANE L. STANFORD.
April 25. 1903.
My answer to the foregoing letters was
made from Cairo, Egypt, on January 2),
liOO, when I wrote ihe following:
"SHEPHEARDS HOTEL, CAIRO, Jan.
30, 1901.— Dr. D: S. Jordan— Dear Friend:'
Sorse time has elapsed since writing you.
Now, as I am on the eve of starting for
the long anticipated trip up the Nile, and
expecting to take she weeks or two
months, if all goes well, I think it best to
acknpwledge the receipt of your cable
gram received here on January 2S— "Ask
permission to publish In university's de
fense certain passages from your letWs
as Leib and I may deem advisable/ - To
be frank with you, I do not feel haypy
over the fact that you wish again to jus
tify your, action by quoting me. I have
said nothing in my letters that I wpuld !
object to have quoted. I am very thank- i
ful that I have said so much less thai I I
feel * In " regard to thla controversy" over
Roas. t My answer by cable— 'I decline nc-
Ing further quoted In the Ross matter. |
Your personal knowledge, of the man Is
sufficient to defend " the University*—ex
pressed to you "that I feel it is wrong to
quote me In my absence,
r "I am sorry that Just on the eve of '
my departure, I am filled with anxiety In
regard to.the effect all this controversy
may have upon the future of the univer
sity. ¦¦ V- .:¦¦'-*; i • '
"If my earnest and heartfelt prayers
are heard by our dear Savior and all the
loved ones, it will "end .without, Injury to
the cause which Is so dear to" our hearts.
I have not been well the past few weeks, i
but I think It is all in consequence of the
anxiety arid wakeful hours- that I have
spent over this trouble, and I hope the
Nile trio will be all I wish for.
•i think of ; you >nd ; dear Mrs. Jordan
oftener j than , you dream of. Scarcely a
day passes but I feel all it means to you
both; and ! I also Include dear 'Knight, to
sco the vacant chair, the little playthings,
the - reminders that' never go away, of '
that dear, nreclous child, and if I could
In any way bring comfort to your hearts
you can. b« assured 1 would willingly'
make agreat sacrifice to do so. : But Urns''
a' one can reconcile • you. '. and I do not
know | that then. reconciliation, will come.
It never has come to me. and" never have
I missed the strong" protection of my dear,
husband more ; than I have during this
trouble about Ross. ; ,
"Let me "assure you. dear friend,, that I
sympathize with you, In the anxious hourj
that vou^raust have spent over the In
suboraination on the Dart of the profes
sors who have Just resigned.- I: must say
that ' 1 '¦' think you w.lll be stronger and
m NOTWITHSTANDING public state-
I\i merits to the contrary. I have ex-
X pressed no opinion and have taken
or advised no action for or against any
member of the faculty of the university
who resigned since or during the discus
sion of the Ross Incident. The only
knowledge I had of the resignation of Dr.
Howard and the other professors during
the Ross discussion was derived from let
j ters received from Dr. Jordan and from
newspaper articles sent me while I was
abroad. My views, as to these matters,
were wholly unknown to Dr. Jordan until
after such resignations.
On November 22, 1900, President Jordan
wrote rae concerning Professor Howard:
"Ttyj only matter that worries me Is
that of Professor Howard. He spoke
wildly and recklessly in a moment of ex
citement, but it is very hard for him to
admit that those who kept their heads
were braver and wiser than he. I am told
that his language was more guarded than
one would Infer from the newspapers, but
the fact remains that his words carried
a most unjust implication against you.
"I know that he is very sorry for it all,
and he may come around to say so pub
licly. I have gone as far as I can to bring
him to his senses.
"I trust that you will approve of my
pardoning him if he puts himself in po
sition to be forgiven. He has been a
tower of. strength as a teacher. He is a
great -scholar. -but* a man with little ex
perience in the world, as loving as a child
and a man who is 'all heart.' The offense
Is intolerable, but I like to consider the
man and not the offense. : It Is also true
that hundreds of our graduates love Dr.
Howard like a fathef, and they will feel
that his nine years of hard and loyal ser
vice should make it more easy to pass
this matter by.. It is true that Dr. How
ard should not make this mattfer harder,
as he Is doing by his long hesitation as
to what he ought to do. But I am con
vinced that.he will come to a right view
in time. 1' feel that leniency is wisest
when a. man is sound at; heart. I am
heartily repentant for so long counseling
delay in the case of Dr. Ross. But Dr.
Howard Is a very different type of man.".
My own feelings as to Dr. Howard were
identical with those expiessed in the fore
going. .
, He wrote on January S. 3001:
"I have informed Professor ' Howari
that it is necessary for him to make a ¦
public statement withdrawing his charges
that the dismissal of Dr. Ross Is due to .
tho influence of the spirit of commercial- j
ism or to any other influence of that !
sort. • j
. "Thus far. beyond the expression of his J
regret for the occurrence, he has refused '
to do anything. I shall insist on his rtnal j
answer soon, and in case it Is not satis
factory, I shall ask at once for his resig
nation. I do not believe that I can eavc
him."
On January 15, 1901, Dr. Jordan wioto
rae from San Luis Obispo:
"You said once that Dr. Ross was a
dangerous man, when I thought him *
careless, good-natured, generous boy. He
is bpth— a boy without a conscience,
which may be one of the most dangerous
types of man| because we are not on our
guard against him."
On January 25, 1901, he cabled me:
"Ask permission to publish in university's
defense certain passages/ from. your let
ters as Lclb and I may deem advisable. —
Jordan." To which I answered: "Cairo,
Egypt, January 25, 1901.— I decline to be
further quoted in - Ross matter. Youi*
knowledge of the man is. sufficient to de
fend university.— Stanford."
FOUNDER'S FEELING
OF LENIENCY FOR
PROFESSOR HOWARD
My own personal views regarding Pro
fessor Rosa were based upon. the consen
sus of opinion of many— from among the
very foremost educators of the country
to persons personally present at hta polit
ical discussions; but they were not based
upon the views of business men whose
interests were affected.
as to the founder's idea of rion-partisan
shlp. (Presumably referring to my letter
of May 9. 1900, quoted above.) The whole
matter was admirably stated and the dis
tinction between real freedom of thought
and investigation and the license to say
anything one pleases . anywhere and to
anybody was made very clear. But I was
?°T ry at once that I had euareested even
this, and sent another cablegram next day.
It is better that we should fight it all
out without bringing you into it. I am
sure that the final result of it all will
be good and good only." '..
On December 3, 1900, Dr. Jordan says
in part: "I differed from you solely be
cause I believed Dr. Ross was entirely
honest and would develop a worthy ca
reer elsewhere when I could find him a
place. I have never questioned that he
bad deserved dismissal, but I feared the
public discussion of such action because
I know something of the sensational
newspapers." In the same letter Dr. Jor
dan says: "He knows very well that it
was not. his. opinions or views which were
under ¦ criticism, but his erratic methods
and reckless expression. Especially he
knows that the matter of Japanese im- i
migration was a thing of very small rela
tive importance."
Mrs. Stanford's
Position in the
Ross Jtffair
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, JULY 0 26; 1903.
24
EVERY COPY OF .
THE. SUNDAY CALL"?.
(To-day's issue) contains the
Art Supplement "OLD; HOME-
STEAD," and failure to receive
the same should! be .'reported to
your Carrier or Agent at once.
l&BTiTft&lbSM&liBkfftif^ Is M ordeal which = n
flUfo MZLELflf eLs StSra & &W HLJgf women approach with
,- indescribable fear, for
child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found thattbe use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a x god-send to all women at the
nme of their most critical trial. Not only docs Mother's Friend
earn- women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents ••morning
richness," and other dis-
comforts of this period. M§&£6^ a W'BLB[f[?*^&&<g!&
?iL%?tisri£ nri&TnER w 8
containing valuable information free. jj^'l^fe ffBP"^ E iS*&
Ut Bradf.eld Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. & bWBs&§1§MJI'
San Francisco, Sunday. 26 July. 1003.
sale of tabourets
I Begins Monday morning, ends Wednesday night*.
Same kind of values we have been offering in other
' .lines during the summervmonths.
No telephone or mail orders will . be filled and only
- one tabouret to each buyer. j
Pictured above are four of the patterns to be of-
fered. The one in the upper left corner, in golden oak
or mahoganized birch, reduced from $3.50 to $ 2.15. The j
one in the upper corner to the right, in golden oak or •
, mahoganized birch, reduced from J2.00 to $1.25. The -
pattern in the lower left corner, in. golden oak or '
weathered oak, reduced from $2 75 to J1.45. The pat-; .
.. tern in the lower right corner, in golden oak or ma-
Phoganized birch, reduced from I4.00 to $2.35.
Besides the finishes already- mentioned, two pat- -
terns in maple are to be offered. One of them reduced
from 53.00 to $1.80; the other from f 5 00 to $2.90.
Not a very big stock of some of them, better come
right down to-morrow if you want one of the patterns
described. .
/'•• - '
. The end is fast approaching. Our woven wire
special will not last through this week. If you want
one at the sixty-day special price, get your order in be*
fore Friday night. Beginning Saturday, August 1st,
the price will be J4.00.
/ .. (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, 6pp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; • ¦ • : ¦'"¦ ¦ '¦--¦"'' ." :..'¦''¦
Hpnrikprrhipf J *n -'""¦. ***% V Minings
Odds and Ends / £ m&'* # /^^^"^^ V^O^ Odd»indl£ 'f
A LOW PRICE IS THE QUICKEST MOVER OF MERCHANDISE., |
i'4'T/HILE it is true that there is practically not a dollar's profit in the prices we quote for this week, we will gain one advantage—' 5
the closing out of all odds and ends and remnant lots, throughout the store Our method is to sacrifice profits at this time |
™L15>* and make the savings worth your while tov buy liberally— not one but many items.. ..Read carefully .every item and re- g
member that.there are hundreds of other bargains to be found in this store which are not mentioned here.;..This week everything in
the Summer stock is remnant tagged at mere fractions of the regular prices. . . /
THE SUIT DEPARTMENT VAL UES WILL AS TONISH YOU WHEN YOU SEE THE GARMENTS THAT REPRESENT THEM.
Tailor Suits aik waists ..$2- 6S oad. S^!!*^.; .klr, Undermuslins I
Tternnant Jots, made up of the odds 134 waists In Taffeta. Peau Wortn and waists ar« remnant tagged for A clean-up of the odds and ends ana ¦
and end* that are l«>ft —sacrificed to d<. g oj e an( j changeable to $8 this week's selling; the weather aays remnant lota in this department: it M
pIor* out at once —the best vaJues suks have been put into a one-price that these garments are now in the .means fine underwear underpriced: ¦
r\xr offered —a fitting climax to the j ot. aj go 73 white India Silk Waists — height of season; the prices say that you know every garment offered ¦
greatest clearance sale we have ever tiiey are i n all sizes, and several they're surprisingly low In cost. was made expressly for us; they are Q
hdd- styles—this, is a srrand opportunity all cut extra full. I
Tailor Suits . . $6' 9S &&%&$& m " ' White Waists....... 95c Corset Covers-.... 12&C
w^ Alpaca Skirts S^ 45 SSSa^ SBftaS? TS* JfJ&S&»'SSSL laM.
Made walking length —in T^ortli . . • TT •
>-. .. .j. .. tfiil 05 th<? most i«ea?onable effects — $7.50 ——-«——^^¦i tf> ¦* QC IJrSL'WCTS. ........... » CtD\Z
7a,lorbu»ts $16' 95 Mue^nd^iack^ White Waists...... $P5 Good ,cambrlc;,Vell de
tssssss^A an*^n~ ws h cioth skirts $2- 95 gj« t. sir garments-cut fu"and wlde £:
ablc stylfS- Black and *ray-walkin B Worth fects'; lace and embroidery trimming. White Skjfts 7OC
T-;i ftl i Qiiifc Sk?1»50 a'poroDrlatp for oiTtinff wear. ' TTT"~T^^™T^T" ¦ C 3 65 Trimmed with lace and em- 'Worth
lailOr Z>U1IS $61 appropriate icr oi.»ng wear. Wash Stilts. $3 broidery; only 6 dozen in the «1.50
Bgg i^g^& WS? Pongee Coats $9- 9S *SPSSBgps£0& JWS 7%^. • 75 C
cheviots, matures. Garments that are up-to- Worth —assorted colors; latest $7.50 UOWnS • f JC
_ .. . Cinnn 1 ?2° faShlOn8- - :: Made with Vand square Worth
S.Ik SuitS S10* UU fft>les-°nl» -1 this price. -- .- yoke effect.; trimmed with 91.50
•+ »»v " —— «r» 1 7C Wash Slllt^ n***' 11 embroidery.
F«acy fouUrtMhlrt wait Worth Tail Jackets $4' 35 . ciQQ
Myiw*— numerous dainty de- ?20 >#t*w.xw>~o kp-x ln thJg ]Qt 49, 8uits> |lnenm worth GoWHS Tll* UU
signs—varied colorings. j n covert cloth —there are Worth ehambray and cheviots: latest 97ft99 ..».. ip*
mmmmmmmmmmmm » 40 of them—made in two 810 ntriped and strapped tailor effects. Trimmed with laces and Worth
CIIL- C.i+o X17.00 natty st>le?- —————— m-oc embroidery; dainty garments. $1^O
z>iik s>uius $11 _—_— tfl, ,- Wash Suits SS*^ — , oc
Th. mason's best novelties Wcrth AIp3Ca SUltS iO** —————— ***^ QOWnS LjC
uffrta and pongee—in the 930 T 73 suits pricM alike: chev- Worth —^——¦
smartest dyles. Only 19—several *\ze* —In Worth lots, lawns, silk ehambray $9 to $13 For the little ones; ages 2 worth
whit* only —made in the most 915 and batiste, latest fancy effects. . to 6; cambric and flannelette. 75o
' ti*-tr Crt fashionable design. .—¦—¦—— S -~ . MfX ——————— «r"7fiC
Silk Skirts $\6 5Q Linen Suits... ...$7' 95 Crash Skirts $1« 19 Petticoats -.Jj-85
Fmacy oj»<-jiwork and l»ce Worth ¦—^>m•——^ al«o Worth '* silk petticoats; a dozen Worth
?•ff<H-ts« —only ;t 5h this lot — 930 Waist ami skirts trimmed Worth -.Kit,, vinuo Knmn trimmi»fi *3 00 desirable colors; two-ruffle 53.00
smart dro*sers will take them. with «luny lace; in white; S13.5O _in all 53 skirt^ l"raraea »«'w and accordion pleated effects.
Duchess* front. ' ¦«»¦—i Cf\ '
Silk Skirts $ll-« Linen Suits $10- 9S Duck Skirts 85c E^^g/":; ™ I
«»dd«« and oihIk in this lot— Worth and blu^; flare Fkirt worth W1 p?lka *?} effects—blue and Worth 16 striped 91.00
32 skirts— p«iu de sole and 520 appliqued in white; hand- $31.50 black—well made and cut ex- 91.75 styles; only 103 in this lot.
taffeta—popular ptyTes. comely made. tra full. , , n - • __
Silk' Skirts $?9 5 Linen Suits $14* 65 Duck Skirts. CJ.95 Corsets..............95C
¦ ' ' ——^—.— *r * ¦ *r ¦ n. & G., W. B. and I. C. makes Worth
Black silk —fine taffeta and Worth Elaborately embroidered: Worth Polka dots—blue and black Worth —all styles: numerous91.50to92
P'au oV rtte —have been pop- $15 white, greenn and Mues: in 937.50 with white —made with threfc $3.00 sizes; th« makers' names • warrant
•jitir sellers all season. shirt waist styles. . flounces. , . . . them.
Dress Goods The Silk Clean-Up Wash Goods :!jL : acerRemnantsr<
T\ j. This will ba th« bigftest- silk rem- . T% «- « ~- 4. ~. , And odds and ends will be sold dur-
rtPlTin^ini^ ™»nt "le ef p year— 1000 remnants 1x6111113.1115 ! nK th!s weck at the m0Et temptingly
fVdllUClllta and odds and crids-Black Peau-de " IVWIIIHttHtO low prices ever witnessed.
We Intend to trak« this weck a vcr- Soie. Taffeta. Crepe do Chine and Col- All during the season— particularly remnants of i*r-* ni «» *
i^-^-"— .^.TOtigj 14 off ii^^ siPi^^S
_, , _ ,_ „»„«.. " / \J large number of odds and ends and rwrfl w *^fc . ..-
BbcK Goods Remnants fe Price c 0 C ?m^^ f0 P r ric%.?S1ni??e^ M c6a: These Lace Prices
.-00 tta-.nar.ts— accumulations from ¦JVpCTIOr 311K5 -——————. -,, WILL TEMPT YOU. ¦'¦
l^SS'.J'S^SX n» t .SS^nSSSS TS? Wash Goods 9}j SJJgg* 8 IS?^™
JK^'^lrlffiKT-aSSt: ?SKu-liSSS! N diiKS.-SS. K30 r.a,n. n t. I. len s lh» Worth., SI,""" S5SS?
Bhek Crepe de Paris 98 C mck Pcau de Soic 68 S JS> J^^ 1 "- Orf " dl — a " 6tlad " ""t^scf a " Wo^a 0 f,iJ: " c
« ' J" 4 29 inches wide-^nne finlsH Wortlx ¦¦ ¦+ **X / f~ 1 *)'« • iQ-
:J0 yards— 4< inches wide Wcrth —excellent weight— only 430 85c. PanrwHimitu l/ l A>** I X2L- T'OC
r-j.ll wool and silk material $\£Q yards. railCy Uimity l£/2 yd , . ¦ vw
— i.:>e Also fancy Batiste — 75 "Worth Neckwear
n . Ca , /ftC BlacK Taffeta -JO. pieces in all-light and dark • 35o «™
UlacK EtaminC OV —————— y colors — numerous designs — remnant „ ODDS AJTD EHTJS.
_______^___ yd Grand vuluc — lustrous black Worth tagrged less than cost. - - Remnant tagged. 7c, 15c, 48c
17* yards— «4 inches wide Worth — 27 inch™ wide— splendid «X.OO am^ mmm _ m^ mm „. _ . __ RcfiTular value 15c, 25c, 35c. 75c, $1.50.
£?&;££& opcn mesh fX< °° W *T* T mr ' ~ Grenadines 18£ to An "" rtm S nt of fancy neck - ear -
Haciami l^lrt^M I In . i . ** top collars and croats: worth + r\
x . . . — c -j -jC llOolCrV uiedn~UD 20 pieces White India Worth up to 40c; your choice IOC
Mohair Etammcs 33% f&gggi&S^M 1B$&§&gMS§%g% ___^___^__- IOC
]¦'.• ¦.<....-. > j-t)—. ivn'rth fst hosiery t>aies of the year; values T>»-»r.«^ nnir» ™""^™ l— 1 " — " 1^™ ¦ n «v
S^^SK ™ S&Si^^ I"" ?: - . .«c Lfl dies- Belts .50c
' V mense; likewise the values. Organdies ODy A Odds and ends from the belts stock-
Mohair AlWCa 44 C Lisle Ho«>e ' TO Inches wide-nn© even Worth *<>rth 76c. $1.00 and J1.25.
niviuiu .rupum LlSie llOSe J7W thread material— white and 60c i i- - •• .
Several leading 8 had«_ WortH All-over l^ce— also'ankle Worth up colored-a very exceptional bargain. RibbuttS . 5 C
neat dotted effects— a-vcry 75« length— French lace lisle— to 65c ..,,.. . 1 A34C t
popular fabric. latest patterns-sizes 7-10. White GOOdS 10/3^ Satin and gros grain; rem- Worth
— — - — — — — — Ar ¦ ' , ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . „ •Li.H »ants in lengths of 1 to 5 12Uc
Colored Albatross 29S Ladies* Hose 16c gffiSSSS « mt P r i«« & "o 11
Double rold-^U wool- WcrL Hermsdorf dye-fast black Worth 1 " 1 "* 8 "'" 0 ''* 1 " " "
a -light weight soft material 50c double heels, soles and toes— 25c bO cne^ p DCIore - . '-.* Klnvfilti, njKk«« . "I AC
only T50 >-Hrdi=— all color* and blacks sixes S-10. ¦ ' ¦ ' /t» - O^ l>OVeiLy KlDDOn JU
-no .amples^none sold to the trade. MaTSedlCS SfiTeadS. r $ I 5 S00 yards: 3 H Inches wide; W b5
Hnncalini/I ft/l/lc. ««/! C M< I^ SUKOIine VeSIS £IC Best quality English make WortH ' ?". " l i k -J"5 <1 T at n '." l *?* h * ot ™°
nODSenOlfl UddS aild tndS AH .Kes-plnk. l.lue and Worm -^«™large*eiM and heavy f3.75 1 to 3 >ards. all leading shades.
Table Linens. Napkins. Toweling. »•"»—• ver >" «QPerlor grade 60o weight. ..
Bediing— odd lots and some that have . .. , . . . |.C^ / ">'^C Mu UlOVeS /3C
BfSSifffilK£«rg^J!^SS? Lad.es' Vests.. 45C Extra Sheetmj 22h 0< u,, . nJ end, ; ,., >nd W 'JL
prt;dent housewives. : Silk platted — very popular Worth Extra heavy quality — stan- Worth three clasp and overseam;tl and $1.85
-^^¦™^^^ m^^ m /f -* nn for summer we;ir — pink, blue 75c dard make — 2V6 yards wide 26c £°°d including black; sizes
WhltC Wool BlailketS 3)3 and white. —bleached or unbleached. 6 * to «•
*££ Boys' UnderwSr, -.,19C Pillow Casing 12£ Veiling 98cani75c
BoUed i»n account of handling— extra Shirts and Drawers— gray Wcrth 45 inches wide— Standard Worth Odds and «nds culled Vsrt t,
double bed sixe— fine fleecy cap— war- Jersey ribbed— sires 24-34— 35c make muslin— warranted to 16o from our entire stock 81 2S to «1 7S
ranted *ll pure wool. splendid wearing quality. r wear— full bleached. including French vcTls • " '•
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS i
SWE TREAT AND CURE
CATARRH. No«« and Throat Troubles. NerTCus Disease*. Kline?
and Liver Diseases. Bladder TrtmbUs Hrart Plsease. Dtseaaoa of
the Piorr.ach and Bowels, Piles. FUtuU aal Rectii D.*e»s« . Fern* «
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. Spin-
al Trcubles. bkln Piseates, Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lacj
Troubles. Rheumatism, Hay Fever 'N'euraU'.a. Hysteria. Ear DU»
eases. Goitre or Bl« Xeck. Varlcocele. Lost Manhood, etc. : Blood
Diseases. Private l>lseases. scrofula and all torse* «f N«rvon» aa4
Chrcnlc Diseases (that art curable). I
OTJR MOTTO: A low fee.? i'?i*SaflSSJ3S.
iulck ctue, mild and paialiis A^^^^A
flatter frt« to Ml. C*ll or f^ «»«aSft
HOME CURES BY MAIL* K. Y Y
Do not despair because you live at a distance from thecity. Drs.
Shor«»" new system o* HOME TREATMENT mikes It easy ta *tt
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new tyniDtorn Nink MgrJ&Orjfh*
covers every symptom of disease *fcJch enables them to d'.acn-se /^*J&3wJ\&~
your case anil tell you what your trouble U. wh*t csn be dors* fo- j£-i^f£&Sj/&
you. and what the ccst of a cure win b*. WRITE if you car.nM
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses %v « t -" Jr * ? cxt flr% t *9<* thea aak a RF i
or diseases caused by limorance. excess or SONABLE FEE whenwa are cur*A rW,~,
contagion TOU'ARE THE VERT PERSON <*«» depend upon our word: tfcewMtnds T»f
WE WANT TO TALK Ta patients have Indorsed \i Vow ir^
W» hav« proven «ur skill ta curia* WANT TO CURE TOU with Ule dV'-ict'
CHRONIC dlsea*w by publlshln* the many- anderstanding that w, will %{ T demand a
voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE until we cure you. Th'a anollei T ta
Sirtns; names; pictures and address**: Lost Manhood. SeatnaJ WtVfcaA* «LI^
We Cant Publish Our Cure* In VSS^uSF^J'^iSz
Private Diseases. . ' rhoea. Gteet, Stricture, etc: Coataileu7
.Becus. ,t betra, connSno. H.nc 5S? *" M !^™«f «
Drs. Shores & Shores,' Expert Specialists, 933 y , n M^!i.fi^ tDuring July and August special coupon
tickets are on sale, which Include rail and
stage fare, hotel bills en route and ac
commodations in the valley at Camp Cur
ry, for a complete trip of live, seven or
ten days:
Five days, $27.50; seven days, $41.50; ten
days, $45.50. •
These accommodations are strictly first
class in every respect, and ladies travel
ing alone need feel no hesitancy about
going, as we can now positively guarantee
comfortable accommodations. Secure stage
reservations In advance at 641 Market
street; Santa Ke office. •
TOSEMITE VALLET.
A Very Low Rate Established by the
Santa Fe.
Warrants were sworn out yesterday for
the arrest of It. Stolzenwald, grocer at
272 First street: Theo Bergman, a res
taurant keeper at 631 Clay street; Joseph
FuJIJama, a restaurant keeper at 624 Clay
street; D. F. Olson, a' restaurant keeper
at 641 Clay street,- and F. K. Matsnoka,
a restaurant keeper at 643 Clay street,
for having served milk found .to be be
low standard, g * .-, % ¦— ',^-; ¦"*.
Milk Below Standard.
Grace Williams,' the young girl who
married Chan On, a Chinese," some months
ago and was taken before Judge Lawlor
on the complaint^of her mother with the
object of compelling her to give up her
Mongolian husband cr be sent to, a public
Grace Williams Returned to Branch
County Jail for Further
Reflection. .
REFUSES TO GIVE UP
MONGOLIAN HUSBAND
Draughtsman Burrase, $300; Field Assist
ant Rickey. $300; Field Assistants Grln
nell, Matthewson, Greene. Flynn, Garba
rino and Olsen $240 each; Locksmith
Woods. $120.
The Board of f^iblic Works notified the
Civil Service Commission yesterday that
it had adopted a resolution fixing the sal
aries and wages of its employes for the
fiscal year 1503-1901. The increases agreed
upon are as follows:
Assistant Secretary Keogh, $300 per an
num: Chief Bookkeeper Leavy, $300; Clerk
Gartland. $300; Stenographer Powers, $300;
Head Janitor Byron. $300; assistant head
Janitor, J1S0; Office Deputy Dfenovan, $300;
Experienced Clerk Bevans, $300:- Inspec
tors O'Brien and Still, $300 each: -Inspec
tor Cowden. $300: Superintendent. of Sew
ers Brandon, $300; Superintendent' of Pav
ing Gallagher, $300; Building Inspectors
Horgan. Jordan. FItzslmon and Clark.
$300 each; Draughtsman Corwin, $180; As
sistant City Engineer Morser. $300; Sur
veyor PIdge. $300; Assistant Engineers
Connick and. Herman, $300 each:
BOARD OF PUBLIC ybRKS
RAISES SOMI SALARIES
Adopts Schedule. of Wages of Em
t ployes That. Will Rule During
the Present Fiscal Year.
law of thc State it is part of the National
Guard, It cannot, if the State. Should de
cide to . place the National Guard under
the provisions of thc National Militia law.
become part of the organization, but will
have to be maintained as an Independent
body, v : '-
W.' P. : Schell," 1520 Mission ¦ street, model
maker, experimental; •machinery, novel: ira.
Modern, shou .....,.>, ..,>.. . , . .*..
This- decision of the Judge, advocate
places. the Naval Militia of California in
an entirely, new light, for'whlle by the
Under Ithe New Law, Divisions of
.California Are Independent
.Organizations.
I The i Judge advocate of the United
States army has decided that the Naval
Militia of the States does i rot come within
the scope of the National Militia law, as
was fondly hoped in some organizations.
General Davis has advised Secretary Root
that the Naval Militia cannot be regard
ed I as organized militia, because . such
never -' has '., nor never will partici
pate In the. privileges of Section 1G6
of the ; Revised. Statutes.- An ex
cepi'on ¦ to nearly every rule.. which ap
plies'to Naval Militia organizations in the
United States. Is the Naval Militia of the
District of Columbia, which Is entitled to
draw army rations and comes In for any
distribution of arms and other materials
of warfare. '
HELD NOT TO BE PART
'£* : '*A : OF NATIONAL MILITIA
The Judge finally decided to send her
back, to the .Branch County Jail for an
other month. "Wi lt| could be ascertained
whether a*; statement made 'by .her as "to
her condition was true. -yj.
"I would;, rather," she sobbed, "goto
any. jail in the country than go to ray
mother, as I am afraid of her. : Don't send
me there, . Judge. I Implore you, but let
me go to i my husband, as he is : the-onry
human being on this earth who^has been
kind to roe.", .. • ' ' 1 • ,
Two r morths ago the Judge ordered her
sent to the Branch County Jail in the ex
pectatlon^that she would consent to live
with her mother and forget Chan On. She
¦was brought before the Judge again yes.
terday and said she .was still of the same
mind. ' When the Judge suggested that
she shoull live with her. mother for, a
month ;Mid eee. If she would not change
her mind;* she 'burst Into tears and. im
plored him not to send her to her mother.
Institution^, continues In an unyielding
mood? "}. , ¦ '
31 by "explosions. 71 by shock following
' : ¦ rations in hospftal and 4 by anes
tr^tic*.
There were 115 deaths from blood pola-
. The annual rencrt of the Coroner for
•trft year ended June 30. 1303, was sub
mitted yesterday. The total number of
death* was 1123. of which 233 were acci
dents. 157 tuicides. 22 murders, 10 man
slaughter' and Z1Z natural causes, six
.hundred and twelve inquests were held.
Of the suicides, 128 were males and 59
females: .1£3 were Caucasian, 7 Chinese
rr,d 1 nezro. The nationalities , of the
fuicides were M American, 26 German. 9
Irish,. 8 Chinese. 4 Swiss, 4 Norwegian.
:. French. 4 EncHsh, 3 Swedes. 3 Cana
dians. 2 Auftriar.E, 2 Spanish. 1 each Aus
tralian. Danish and Polish and Zi of un
known nationality. The means employed
by the suicidet were: Poipon 84, carbolic
• arid 5S. firearms 45. gas 02. hanging. 14.
The ascertained cauwn for the suicides
were sicknees 4S # domestic troubles 20, in
sanity 25, love 10, religion 1. overstudy
1. Thcr* were 22 homicides, 23 of which
f. rre by gunshot wounds and two by
criminal operations.
Of thft ZZ deaths by accident 106 were
bjr Illuminating gas. 22 by burns, 30 by
drowning, 77 by falls. 23 by street cars.
GREWSOME STATISTICS
IN THE MORGUE REPORT
Facts Concerning . Deaths by Misad
venture, Suicide and Murder and
thc Means Employed.
John McKinney. a representative of
Kelly's directories of London. England is
present in San Francisco gathering.im
portant data for the directory of 1301 The
t-omp&ny which Mr. McKinney .represent*
is without doubt the larcrest of the kind
enraged in the business to-day lt s dlr«»r
tnrios not on-iy cover ttoe n.erchants. manl
ufacturr-rs and shipper* of the world but
in many countries are the only referenrp
Looks available for local information
Th«* FUbjects handled in their director!*.*
pro the financial standing of all the civ
i,\zr& countries of the world, their ports
and principal town*, a short topogranh
i'p] account an«J the population of earn
n y .r,r.K with classified lists of the Consuls'
ti*.nk*. importers, exporters, merchants'
lirokfrs. shipping asrents. Jobber*, buyers
of imported goods and manufacturers of
goods exported •
Representative of Kelly's in San
Francisco Securing Data for
Directory.
GATHERING INFORMATION.
The records of the Fire Department do
not show that a single complaint has ever
been, filed against O'Connell during the
taree' years he has been Superintendent of
Btables. The reports of Chief Sullivan
. for the last three years, made to the Fire
Commissioners and transmitted by them
to the Board of Supervisors, do not dis
close sr.y complaint against O'Connell's
management of the department stables.
It is tfell known that since O'Connell
took charge three years ago he has made
taany important improvements In the
stables at the foot of Tenth street. For-
JDCfty tens cf fodder were weighed on a
'•mail pair of scales, but O'Connell in
*.V.i«V. a complete weighing machine, in
'¦•der to prevent any shortage cf sup
plies.
1 STABLES IN GOOD ORDER.
* The system used by OConne!! In check- '
irg out fodder to the various engine
fccusfs is a very careful one. Parry re
cently made the startling statement that
I ast quantities of fedder had gone astray
f%cm the stablts. but en expert went I
Through the accounts and found that '
every pound of the feed had been account- '
ed for.
.The records cf the Fire Department also
i f;ow that a less number of horses have
been lost in the last three . year3 than
during any previous time. O'Connell's
friends Justly inf:st that this fact alone
iff proof of hi? eJTicirncy.
The writ of mandate issued at the re- ,
<jue>£ of O'Connell to restrain the Fire '¦
Commi££ioners frcm removing him from
his present position wiM come up for hear
ing before Judge Murasky next Friday !
morning.
Parry has oper.ly boasted that O'Connell !
will be removed, but the Superintendent
of Slab'es proposes to make a fight to i
*ave himself. The report of the Grand ;
• Jury, Bled on Thursday, deplore the !
efUc&t intention of certain persons to I
t»rn the Fire Department over to the per- :
r.?cio.us spoils system. Commissioner j
Parry might be reminded of the fact that ',
Grand Juries cf Minneapolis end St. I»uis '
have won fame by doing more than "riling :
report*." when the conduct of certain of- '
fir !al» was investigated. Similar power Is |
held by the Grand Jury of the City and !
County of San' Francisco and the an- I
noenctd Intention of Fire Commissioner j
.Parry to get the Fire Department under •
Ms control will be carefully watched by •
thc cititzens. ,
"Thla is a rank case cf refusal to obey
orders," shouted Parry, "and there will
kave to be a change."
Chief Engineer Sullivan was not present
-*X t&e meeting of the commission, having
been called to a tire, but he was represent
«"d by Assistant Chief Dougherty, who
suggested that O'ConntU be either dis
missed temporarily or permanently.
In a cut and dried manner Commission
ers Barrett. Maestretti and Parry voted
tliat the entire matter be referred to Chief
Engineer Sullivan, with instructions to
have order restored in the department
etaClea and with full power to act. Com
missioner Bolla V. Watt was absent.
Yesterday Parry filfd a long rigmarole
of charg-es against O'Connell. Spite was
displayed on Parry'* face as he told the
Fire Commissioners of the alleged short
comings of O'Connell. Parry averred that
the department were In a neglect
ed condition, thai there was open mutiny
among the men under O'Connell, that the
*ffairs of OCor.nell's department were
thoroughly demoralized, that men were
doing as they pleased and that something
should be done to better affairs.
Parry claimed that he had instructed
O'Connell to report the state of things in
the department etables to Ch^ef Engineer
6ulUr&n and that O'Connell had failed to
do no.
WA2TTS O'CONNELL DISMISSED.
Having pained one point recently by
preventing' Secretary McCarthy from
<ioSn*r the -Important work cf checking: up
supplies, P»rry 1? now determined to oust
Superintendent of Stables P. O'Connell.
Until the time that O'Connell testified in
the charges made against Parry by The
Call, In which the Fire Commissioner was
accused of telling a colt belonging to the
department and pocketing the proceeds,
not a single word of complaint had ever
b«=en made arainst the Superintendent of
Stables.
V— CoinmlEsIoner Parry brazenly
rjhowed" at yesterday's meeting of the Fire
Commission that he 13 determined to
secure absolute control of the department
and place his henchmen In control of such
I»o£iUons as will be of use to hlm.
Files Charges Against the
• •• Superintendent of
the Stables.
The Fire Commissioner's
'. ' Move to Oust
O'Connell. /
PARRY'S VENOM
IS DISPLAYED
25
THE SAN FRA5CISCO CALL,, eUK DAY, JULY 26, 1903.
B. H. Webster, Ex-Sup*:. City Schools,
. Metropolitan Business College, See edu
cational column. .,-,. .,,.•'
It is often difficult to live up to one'3
reputation of belnj a bad man.
Petitions in" bankruptcy were tiled yes
terday by L.. P. Wheeler, a farmer of
Lodt. liabilities $1573, no assets; Charles
H. Westcott \ carpenter, San Mateo, lia
bilities $6<9, no assets.- •
Two' Bankrupts.
THE SUNDAY CALL
\To-day's issue) contains the
Art Supplement "OLD HOME-
STEAD,",, and failure, to receive
the t same should be ¦ reported to
your Carrier cr Agent at oncsl
EVERY COPY OF
THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOHIUM. | v THE EMPORIUM. | 'THE EMPORIUM.. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. -7.«-7"
Accounts can be \ J&T f , • - I , Vio!in nd Vf "P R f cita !^^everjr afternoon this week, Xf' f ,* W Special Shle Goods \
j, j , t ..,' '\* JrZrf C* M/?y>M4LS 0%S&>7' M t J M£>f al 2, 3 and 4. o clock, when Mr. Nick Brown; the celebrated. - yj^f tC ' *Sp\>€4LS U^/^Z" M '1 'f MS^ j j l. -r *
opened by response tJ&l£Uj0£llJJff Eastern composer, -will play his very latest composition*- tJ^Plff/jQtllMlC^ ordered by mad ,,
parties.' Apply to : 7 7 ZT^^^^ 7 A f A ' a^T^fA'^ Tumim^Vln V 7 ~~™™£*e3» or telephone will %
n-,r rr,J;t n,,r,n,. ' > ¦¦ni[mn1TIr* milli^ "~~ Hooligan {lOtmc song), *'/ U ill Love lot/. Always Love Ion" — x , MiiSniHIII^^^^^ „„* u<> <*tit C f) D *
our ycait Bureau. : ' -*«8^» s^amer,ca-s grandest storC (ballad). Music Department, second floor. ¦ '^¦gag8^ g T7ii»ERiCA-3 gpandest STORS not DC * C ' U ' •«
¦~*,i'™^, ¦ -; i , .- ' i . ' — ; "~ — ! — ' : ~~ " "~~~" — ! — : — """I * .' I';'.- ' ¦ '' ' • , .' ' . jt
Best Shirt News Yet—$1.5Q^ and $2. QO Shirts 79c I
Closed out at practically our own price (under agreement not to advertise maker's name) the balance jj
of season's stock and overplus production of a noted shirt rriariufactu only the best custom- $
made shirts for high-class haberdashers throughout the United States. I
The purchase consists of several thousanci very fine shirts made of the choicest Scotch Madras and real: |
French Percales. Plenty of patterns to suit every taste---newest stripbd, figured and dotted effects and pretty, I
plain colorings. Open front and back and coat styles; with cuffs attached and cuffs separate. All j-^ \
sizes from 14 to 20, and absolutely perfect fitting. Not one in the lot worth less than $1.50— the greater part of them 52.00 values. Beginning JjT S
Monday and during week in our big main aisle (California's Bargain Center) and our Men's ; Furnishing' Department, your choiGe for , - - - - B ;-'^fc^r 5
4Oc. 50c, 75c Wash Gootts-16c Boys' Giothing—2 Big Values |
The cold and backward summer season in the East has left wholesalers andjobbers, B O ysV Russian Overcoats— A line of very pretty garments just received, in dressy oxford |
heavily overstocked at the end of their season, and one of them, who was in a o ra y S) . b i U e 5 and fancy mixtures, cut full length, with vertical pockets, velvet col- g
particularly bad. predicament of this kind, sold us a thousand! ieces of the well- - ,^ medium weights> sizes for boys 2 1-2 to 8 years of age, a good 4ft o AK S
known Anderson's Zephyr Novelties, in thc richest and most desirable patterns and 00'va'ue our price mP^3m m r%M J
colorings, at less than one-third of their real values. The lot comprises the new * ' ........ ..................
Gaze Mercerise, in solid colors: fancy Cord Weaves; Crepe g^ /0$FSb B °y s ' Kncc Panls Suits— 2 pieces, double breasted style — in all-wool blue cheviots, ex- £
Stripes in colors and all white; rich Persian stripes, etc., goods W B$P$& J^B& / cellent quality of lining:, silk sewn throughout, all sizes for boys <gO Or •?
made to sell at 40c, 50:, and some 75c the yard, for to-morrow Jjf mjp 8 to 16 years, should be"g5.00, an exceptional value at our priced. . . *P** a +*** J
and Tuesday, your unrestricted choice at . — ••¦¦ . . 'U >.'¦'¦ ¦¦.-¦.* j
On all 4.0c grades you! II save 21c a yard; on 50c grades 34c a yard; and on the J56 grades 5 pc a yard. „ -^ m/ M^mma mm "¦ m i#% 5
' On iale in main aisle.' Sa§G SbBb€ B?*6S$G& atttS COStS >[
Sai& S^icheS PBat&iB WaB*e New $12.50 Fine Linen Dresses, $9.35 \
\ V- WW9a ' *"¦ t A Ch^ ice Collection ol^eautiful Wash Dresses— Made of fine costume linen and linen pique novelty texture— shown | ;
Bath ROOtn Fixtures. Dinfntt Room Necessities ' lor the first time this season— (just arrived from N=w York) -are marked fully a Ihird under the price you would, '*
,--•!> CXDCC t to pay for them. These dainty dresses are in blue, white and natural color, with blouse frock coat, and the £
Why pay the plumber's prices for bathrOOm fixtures, When yOU Can Select from entire costume beautifully pleated and highly tailored; excelent. values for £12.50 each; will bs £g% 35 I
San Francisco's largest stock of nickel plated ware at'prices like these? soidfor. .... ': ... . . . . ... . - . -
c i>- l -.u rx • , t. l 1 , • j vi 1, 1 c 1 d 1, * n j • 1 1 1 j / - • u 1 . j- u r rtendsoms Linen Pon«e and Foulard Silk Dresses— Mad: in ihirt waist and b'ou<e coat effects; in a variety of charming «tyle»; reduced like this to dose J
Soap Dish with Drainer— For Hand, heavv cast brasi nckel. patei, Nickel Fruit Basket— Round nckcl pated frui: basket or d sh, fancy lunowm. umn rmijw * . I 9
rrgularly 75c, Monday and Tuesday .. .' 49O open work rdes, decorated China bottom, 9 nches in diameter, regu- -Were $17-5° g'8.;o $20.00 $11.50 US-Q* 835-OQ H 0 - 00
Nckel Towel Bar— a arms, tol-d brass nickel plated, heavy and strong, larly 75c, Monday and Tuesday . 42O ' NOW $10.12 $12.38 $13.13 $14.38 $15.00 $16.13 $18*67 $26*25 S3O.0O 'x
rrguarly |i. 25, Monday and Tuesday V. . . . G80 Nckel Plated Butler Dish— W.th deme shipe cover, aod ground gass i Hundreds o! Bcavtilvl SilK Coats — TafFetas/Pcau de Soics ani Pongees— the season's very best styles — some new £
Tumbler Holder- Nickel pbttd, complete with blc»n glas* tumbler, drainer, fcney beaded nm. .. ¦ 39c nes thac our buyer r.ow in the East has secured a: very advantageous prices, and the balance of our «tock bought earlier !«
regularly % 1. 25, Monday and Tueidav 87O Nickel p!ated Imperial Pants Hantfers - Holds 4 pairs and keeps them Y , u . V J . l . «
r.~1 k J?'"T ;,•" .¦ •¦;• ••- -VlV '"T" >;1 Hi ».6.so S.I.V.' ¦ fa..* f.,.00 t jS .oo f^. •¦¦ • I
day and Tuesday 87O Cigar Ash Trays- Nickel p.'atci, with spring tt> tit table .. . . 25c i i * 3 *_J_± 1 1 i _____ m
• Now $7.95 $9.38 $W.88 $12.48 z.13.13 $16.13 $18.75 $26.25 $30.00 *
51.50 nckel pared Tea Kettles, tolic cepper . ...... . 98 O Nickel plated Tooth Brush HoMer and Glass 6&C . ¦ ~ ¦ ' ' ' ; : _____________Jg
Nickel plated Ccmb ana Brush Trays 6QO Nickel plated Crumb Tray and Brush . . 50 C m ' ¦ ¦___________—_________-_---——--_-----------------— •
wd-dfi^ &»,&!».¦ . . .- i.00 N-cMpi»dB«b,oomH«>k. 2s o H's flio L8tt[& Things That Count I
FOUr Bargains 111 Dinner Ware Note These Prices for Best Notions \
. ... stock'ntt Dress Shields— Best quality, sue 3, Handy Packages— Conuning pms, nceilrs, Cube Pins — 100 count, each . ... ...SO \}
Our Dinner Sets are all made up of large and useful pieces, and the big selling in' pair. . ........ .. ... 7o hwksaiuieyeiayi hairp™. . . . .50 Cabnet Hair Pinj _ Ajiortcd S iz« . 30, so 5
this department prevents the accumulation of old patterns. Note the exceedingiy : Gairt'sSkirtSu P porters-Au.:z:s,each./oo Darning coiten-Aii colon, 3 for ... .50 \
lOW prices for these fOUr Styles: Rubber Hair Curlers-Card . ... .25O Cmo Dress ShVds-P.-r par 25c Belt Hose Supporters-r- Pair .. . . . 25o ft
SenU-Porcehin Dinner Set-As thin and whhe as China. . RoyaI Flow DIuc Lonsdale Dinner Sets-Highly g'azci |
ll^c^r" nCaD 7 ° r kmgChar - CS " m: * F ° rCe "%t t t V8yS Se«f-HLtingCur:ing.rons-Each. . 25o Uundry Wax-"Hink Chinf" ffor . So \
shapes conpete- . p ea.e, ccmp.ete et- _ Ia Uial,- 3 dozen on card;. .. .... . . . SC Ccmbtaliw fpoo! Ho'ders-Each... . 2 5 O • Side Comb;- Shell and Amber pair |
103 pieces for 12 persons. . .$11.00 ' 103 pieces for 12-persons- \.i $16.20. ? Shoe Uces-4-4, 5 -4, eV, doWn. . . We Sheep Pins- Containing 400 P i,». paper, .30 . 25o^3Bo {»
SO pieces for 6 persons $4.90 ' SO pieces for 6 persons •• . .$6.90 3 • "-
Decorated Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set— Full god edge, and Haviland Limoges Dinner Set— w "h a delicate violet dec- !48#_r*_BO«ir»-#«^.e» ETe»**% & B&O Of* **&*&£* *8 B-A ] <T* *g B V* R*\F -*
small spray ot roies, cempiete sets — oratxn, and traced gold handles, complete set — wW %fsmS gfg -2E> -f Mmb%£ B uWffffSmJP mJt^SSB Bm*aJ*S}8%£B Jjf *
105 pieces for \z persons .... $16.90 - 100 pieces tor 12 persons .... $;o ,00 ' \ _ __,_ r >- : _. '"- r ** ''V'i m
50 pieces for 6 persons ., . . .$6.90 5. pieces for 6 persons . ... . 525-7> Positively 4 best VSiUCS OH the COBSt j
¦»¦--—--------—»»¦¦--— i mmmm^m^—mmmmm -----------------------»- " ------------ Izdlts' MacoCotton Hose-- Imported Hcrmsdo.-f black, t]\'< embroid- Ltdies* Late Usle Thread Hose— Imported Hermsd«rf black, in a larg: '%
Grocery and Liquor Money-Savors \ ?££.: *.'*?*. r.?. rH^:\ ; 28>o $
•_- , , _ , _ , , . . , 'Ladies' Real Gauzs Lisle Hoie— Imported Hermsdorf black, splicid snglepur. . . . .* 35o jg
Why net have the best Focd Products and purest Liquors when they cost less . wm » and hew, doube sole, very sheer, 3 P iuz $§,00; '^ s \ e udies-A!i.overUceUsieHose-import.-dH=rmsiorfbiack,n C Yersoid j«
, .. ... , . , _ , , . ,. . .... . .' . .... • 35O reeu'arly lesi than 7ec a pair, from now on OUC V
here than inferior grades cost in many places? Compare this list of prices: • ...... jjq s y 75 p™, ,%
Lccca Oil— Crofi: ic Blackwel.'i, for 1 days, quart tottlei . . . 62c Uncolored Jap«n Tea- Extra graie, Ib . . . . 5CC -'. _¦___? K" -MM ~M _---_ mM f^ -y.rf.Ctt. 5
Cr*am:ry Butter- In firkn^ sold by the pound, for zdayj. . . 26O B:ncdirt:ne— The grnn'ne DOM, botte . . .' $1.15 IwlUSBSBi VltSaGt^WGaS* 3 ffi (S (LsfOt^SGtS "j
Ohirtrdelli'i Ground Chocolate — i-Ib. tins, for 2 days 25O Hock White Wine- A 75c per gallon £rade, fjr 2 days . . . . 4oO ' ¦' / '*
Baker's Cocoa— The genuine, for a days, tin 22G National Club Whiskey— Imported in wood; regularly $4.00 gallon, for Ladies' Cambric Drawers— 2 hemstitched tucks and pretty open w.rk Ladies' Gowns— Maslin and cambric; lace or embroidery trimmed, tucks "%
Eastern Lard -Pure lea*, ler, 3-lb. tin". 38G the two <?ays . ...•.•.- • S3.O5 cmbrodery, pair . . . . ...'....... ... . 6O0 or ruffles, cut full width and length, each .x^ • 98O g
Bzby Pimo'as-Seviile Packing Co., for 2 day*, 3 bottles. . . 2sC California Grape Brandy— None purer, fcr 1. days, gvlon . $2.4O Ladies' Cambric Drawers— Fine goods, finshed with cluster of ten tucki, Ladies* Long Cloth Gowns— Square neck and elbow s'eevu, trimmed in S
A'aska Pink Salmon— Chocs ; ack, for 2 days, 3 tins . . . . 25O i Whi e LtbeI . Stout— McMullen *s, fcr 2 days, dottn . . . .$1.90 feather edge braid and deep ruffl: of wWe embro'dcry, piir .. . 75O colored bands, each >&8O
Ext«SUndardFruts- Peaches, apricots, pears or plums, sUVb. tins: "imported Gin^Jr Ale^ Cantr.-U&Cochrane's, f^r 2da ys doz. 5/.5O Ladies' Umbrlc Corset Covers-Trimmed in torchon * lace and ins=r- Extra SIzO COWItS i-Made of -fine heary rnusHn^high neclc^
forthetwoday^ 3 tint '. 45O ' Old Private Stock Whiskey- ( 1879) -Full S «" s, dulled from tion, bea ings and baby ribbon, each . 39O long sleeve , tr.mmtd .1 tucks and embroidery. . 5 f.2S and »»O j.
Ripe OHves-Uu-s GIa«, B.nquet, bof e , . . 25O ' «^* *™' l^ *'•* a bct lc ' for thc two i ' $f'W Qmbric CorJet Co Ver ,_Gcod m,t:rial, finished with emb odery bead. ***''*£!*% OraWGrS-Gooi musfin; embroidery tfjjrf .{
Lemons-Kcw and bright, dozen. f S O Cherries In Maraschiro- Half P nts, botte ...... 2 Oo i? g a nd edgc/.ach . . 75O Jj? i" 8^ *" ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' " • • • • • 65C, 7 5 O V
New Eastern Cream Chme-Martln'Mb . . 20o ':' g2° Udies' MuUin Skirts -Made with deep hatched flounce, cu,ter of W^, Z°r?<V^T£^T^^^^ S"
ManzanniaOIivcs-Kev, and choc, quart- 20C mxtucks and goo i dust ,uffl ; , each .. . . . . . , $1.OO and dc.ervedly popular model ! . $f.5O $
Kirk's Crys'ola Scouring Soap— 6 lar» 25O Navelade— Makei 2 quarti delicous crangeade, bjrtle . . . . 25c Ladies' Cambric Skirt— With two rows of Point d: Paris in ertion and Nemo Self-Reducing System of Cor :ets— A model to fit any figure, •*
Family Blend Ccffee— Very fine, 5 lbs. .. ... . . . St.OO Pure Fruit Syrup- Raspberry, strawberry or grenadnr, g»l on. S#_._J^> w He !ace edg: ruffl:, each ... ... \ . . ..... .$1.29 each.-. . . .$2.75 \
Furniture ai Anti-Combine Prices Sale of Arabian Great Persian Rug Sale \
¦¦ Do not buy one dollar's worth of furniture elsewhere until you have seen ours. . '. \% o_-,ir # *_-.*-» _-.f-_-.««tf _-.ma U^if 4hn**i» ..**..~*itmm -*
The Emporium furniture and carpet stocks are nearly twice as large as ever before. EL&G® GUlt&BnS frtCesanOUW Olte-naiT inoSG USUaiiy *
Every leading manufacturer is represented in the imme'nse assortment. There are , 5 o P is new Arabian Curfains with asfoed in ttlSS City for Same qualities *
no "has-beens;' here, the designs and patterns are right up to the.minute. We ab:c nct ccmcrs prc floral and ' 8croI1 . . w e r ¦ Q k consi g nment of p ersian carpet sizes, which must, in - 5
declined to. go into the carpet and furniture combine hmpormm pnees are right. ; bordcrs> all ln f c j cd cffccts , th with the collector and importer, be closed out diStag the |
S^^S "fc W™^™ "eS §M It - r>*> ta-g. po to 5f inches wide ; next fevv days . includes genuine Serape, Tabreez, Sparta, Gorovan, 5
en f«t; a handsome pircr of fur- o _|-*_n in ««vng dainties a: aftcmcon teas . ZS marked for this week, pair. . ...... Khiva, Hyderabad and other much-in-demand makes. The sizes range from 8 ft. 3 in. 5
nirure for . 9i£.UU chafing Dish Cabinet- a very U sef u - _ • • • • • $6.00 and $7.00 x 10 ft. 8 in. to 12 ft. 5 in. x 15 ft. 9 in., and are marked at our regular low prices J
Other- styles $io.oo to $S2.zo. and «p-t^»e P hce of fumhure. ... $17. SO 75c. Notlinghaia Cvrtains— 36 inches wide, (much under those usually asked; from £150.00 to S575.00 each. «
Three-piece ParV^uits-Sofa, Arm Chair ani Re- Sha^ r g Stand -"Pretty a, a pcture," w.ll gladden the 3 y^ $ . oogf whhe Qf V^. 5 Q^ During this Sale, which begins Monday and lasts throughout the week, WC %
ception chair, well polished fr.mes, o _ _ n h »« "f "v ™° who dots h s own _ . • , j wi ,, make a discount of 33;j per cent f ronj the regular prices, which will make %
u P ho!itereiingocd,iku P estrie,for &27.5O < hav ' n s ..... • • • .&1*.OU J^"^ J 0 * 1 *?? T va J" them cbstyou about half what exclusive dealers in antiques and rugs ask'for the %
.,.._._..„ . 7 2.' n . W( r : . , , OrK-nlal Pyro-ttched Tabourcttes— Si very approprate -A. mure Kep, 50 inches wide, 3 yards c ,«- ?. 9
!ohdOakCh.ffon,tr-AweH-madech.rTbn : er withfiv, and so very much-in-demand rbr oriental long, 'heavy tassel fringe, all colors; 'pair Same Sizes. •. . k,^ ' ¦ ¦ ,'-1^ „ ' . *
d™e», nc= Fre.-.c* plate rmrr.r; §]Q m QQ tocmt, J4.V5, 5s-oo, ; 7.50 .. . . $12. 5O , . . ... . . . $4.00 ¦ Besides the carpet size?^ our entire stock of smaller Persian Rugs will be offered %
J? n l ' ' ' '. .'J '.' *' ' <* '; "' . *" • SeWg Ttbies— very handy, every nerdie, every spjoi of. :-* *.'"'*'"• during this sale at the same reductions (33}3 per cent) from regular prices. These ««
Other Chiffoniers $7.50 to -p/JS- ikrc * d i ust cai pi.ee your hands on it when 230 pairs Oriental Tnpcstry Portieres— in f ew p r j ces w jn give you some, idea of the reductions. . -J
New C«:tcmrrs ar: invarabiy-'furpr-ted at the big ™&, ™* » H-nd.<me r j«c "' *mg% n g% = stn P cd . cfti; cts, iizs 45 inches by 3 yards; ... . . . _ Wcr . ' Xo>v , '• • Wee Novr ;,
values we offer in m:tal teds, Se; -hat good substan- Jurnnurc as well . . . &S&.UW spec a! value, pair $3.00 3 ft 4 in. x 5 ft $14.00. . $9.34 8 ft. 3 in. x 10 ft. 8 in.. . $150.00 .. SWO.CO $
tial pleasing pattern in all «r;s thit xvj .^ Serving Trays- Odd sire, with bevelel edge, heavy glas* '¦_.." . _ . W ; fV , ' h u2 ' r W a .'t. 9 in. x 5 f:. . . -. . Sia.oo . . S8.UO 10 f:. 5 in. x 16 ft. . . . 5575" . . . $393^4 3»
efferat \ . . .*. Attorn $7.5O ISc Extension Rods — With White corru- 3 j t i o m . -% ft . . . . . «, 7 .oo . . $11.33 9 ft. 3 in. x li ft. 4 in. .^40.00. .'. $160.00 *
Tea Table with Tray- Fnc 'wood, Veil £ €c ng% Cellaret es- Very convenipnt for fining room, din »r g"ed ends, cxiends from 24 to 50 inches, 3 ft. 6 in. x 5 ft. 5 n. . . $15.00.. S1P.OO 9 It. 1 in. x 12 f:. 7 in. . f 200.00 ... $133,34 5
irade, P :etty and us:ful . .' /• . v . &i3*UU card room, many s:)fes .. '$15.00 to $67. SO each. >. . .-. . . . , . >. . fQc 12ft. x 13 ft. 6 n. . . . H$o.oo . . $233m34 iz (t. $'m. x 1$ ft. '9 in. . $400.00 ... $266.67 jf
: --— i — — - — - — — . •'• ¦• — - — ----- — — — ¦ — - — ; / ! $Black Against White.
J. L. Williams, a colored waiter, went
into a saloon on Sixth street early yester
day morning with a friend and while
looking at photographs of Joe Gans and
Jimmy Brltt. the pugilists, remarked that
Gans could defeat Britt in two rounds. A
frierd of Brltt took ui-brage at the remarK
end threatened to thrash Williams, who
aektd him to go outside with him. Britt's
friend Informed Policeman Krueger that
Williams had drawn a knife on him and
Williams was arrested. When the case
was called before Police Judge Cabanlss
yesterday Kruegcr testified that he
•searched Williams and only fo.und a
pocket knife on him. The case was dls
jnisfed. ;'. .
Roberts wants His Freedom
Oeor^e Robert?, the buoirft steerer. who
fcught so determinedly against his extra
dition on a charge of grand larceny In the
Seattle and Tacoma courts, is keeping up
his light for freedom. Yesterday his at
torney made application for a writ of
habeas corpus for his release on the
irround that the evidence presented In the
Police Court wa» Insufficient to hold him.
The writ was made returnable before
Judge Cook next Saturday.
Foresters at the Chutes.
The board of deputies of the Independ
ent Order of Foresters of this city at a
meeting last Friday night. Chairman G.
Q. Stewart presiding, completed all ar
rangements for a day and night at the
Chutes on August 5. The affair will be
under the direction of G. Q. Stewart, A.
E. Cohn, J. B. Knudson and Q. K. Brown,
officers of the board; J. J. Delaney, R. C.
Stiller. J. H. Mahn. Alex Cleland, B. F.
True. Charles S. Perry. E. E. Northrup,
C. W. Mark, E. N. Cameron. G. L. Mqn
son, F. W. Collins, F. W. Gelger. E. S.
Lemme and G. Nielsen, representing* the
local courts.
Masonic Golden Anniversary.
Mount Moriah Lodge No. U, Free and
Accepted Masons, Is planning for the celc-4
brntion cf its golden anniversary Friday."
October 23, and has appointed as a com
mittee to make arransements for the
same D. M. Richards (chairman), J. C.
Kimball, T. C. Conmey, Captain Wood
side and Judge Holliday. The line of
entertainment to De provided for the oc
cation will deeply interest the wives and
daughters of the members, and evidence*
to the sister lodges that Mount Moriah
Lodge is equal to any emergency.
.A very pleasant reunion of Garlleld
Post and Corps was held recently at the
corps headquarters' in the Alcazar build
ing. This corps, which has been rechar
tered recently, has started to work for
the encampment with great enthusiasm.
There was a large number of ladles pres
ent, as also many vjslting comrades from
sister posts. Mrs. Gilbert, president of
Garfield Corps, graced her station with
becoming dignity.
On motion a committee consisting of
Mrs.- T. Asnew. Mrs. Bertha Mackrett,
Mrs. Louise E. S. Drew and Mrs. Rose
Judson was appointed to greet the East
ern ladies on their arrival in this city,
j On the conclusion *of the corps' work
POST AND CORPS REUNION.
sen. Edwards & Goodwm. $50; William Tell Res
taurant, $10; 1. B. F*. Davis & Son, $50; l>egan
Belting Company, JIM; Edward Brown &. Sons,
$50; T. J. Kinch. $10; Sophia Hutchinson. $10;
Finn- Metal Works, $10; Italian-American
Bank. $50; John Flournoy. $20: Itallan.SwIts
Colony. $2.'i: Christian Froellch,$20; Byron Jack
son, $10; Haywood Brca.. $25; ti. Koihland &
Co., $10; Hotel Oliver. $10"; Kron Tannins Com
pany, $10: K. C Hen-on & Co.. $10; Daniel
Meyer. $50; Mercantile Trust Company. $100;
Frank Mavkey. $25; Morgan Oyster Company.
$25; Matjluon & Burko. $25; Meeze. Gottfried
Company. $25; O. A. Malm & Co.. $10; C. M.
Mann A Co., {10; Martin Dangers Company,
$10; Thomas J. Walsh & Co.. $20: R. I. Whee
land & Co.. $10; J. C. Campbell. $23; previous
ly reported, $15,340; totaj, $ Hi. <(.'•;>.
MEMBERS OF RELIEF CORPS
OF DEPARTMENT OF . CALI
FORNIA AND NEVADA.
Abe Patterson Post of Plttsburg. Pa,,
and J. D. Walker, national commander of
the Association of Union ex-Prisoners of
will sing American patriotic -songs and
will be supported by the best military
band, while some of the best known
artists wilt render the solos. The athletic
features, such as boxing, wrestling, fenc
ing and other sports, will be executed by
the best amateurs of California. The
chorus is now being organized by Pro
fessor W. A. Sabin ajid \V. C. StadtfeldV
The committee urges all singers. who will
lend their voices to enhance the success
of this entertainment to send their names
at once to \V. C. Stadtfeld, 330 Sansome
street, room D, % and they will be informed
of tho time and place of the first re
hearsal. Tickets will be on sale by the
committee of the Grand Army at the
Olympic Club rooms on Tuesday, July 2S.
General admission will ,be 50 cents; re
served sections, admitting one lady and
one gentleman, $1. The entire receipts
are to be given to the Grand Army enter
tainment fund. >; _'
The National Association of Civil War
Musicians 'is arranging for a prize con
test In life and drum to be held at the
armory of the First Artillery, National
Guard of California, 815 Ellis street, on
Thursday evening, August 20. .under the
ma na cement of Colonel Leroy Van Horn,
president of the national association.
The contest will be open to' all Civil War
musicians, Grand Army drummer or fifer
and to any Spanish-American War
bugler. The tests will be the rendering
of the old "Jefferson and Liberty," "The
Girl I Left Behind ' Me" and camp duty
calls from reveille do taps... .
V.*ar, are coming on a special train and
will arrive here August 13.
Tho Department of Massachusetts has
chartered a well appointed train, which
will leave Boston Saturday, August 8.
stopping at Chtcago. Denver. Colorado
Springs and Salt Lake City, arriving: at
San Francisco early on Sunday morning.
August 16. ¦ The department has secured
headquarters at the Palace Hotel " and
will keep open house from Monday morn
ing. August 17, until the following Thurs
day evening. Quite a number of distin
guished citizens of the Bay State will' be
In the party and Californlans who for
merly resided in Massachuetts are mak
ing great preparations to entertain th«
visitors in a most hospitable styte.
The . Sacramento Valley Veterans* Bri
gade. Grand Army of the Republic, held
a. meeting last Tuesday at Marysville and
made arrangements to have a grand dis
ply of the products of the Sacramento
Valley in San Francisco during encamp
ment week. Committees were appointed
and each Grand Army post was assessed
$100 to pay for hall rent, printing, signs
and other incidentals. Each county has
made an appropriation of $500 to pay for
the fruit and to install the exhibit, which
will be held In the famous dining-room of
the Lick House. Shasta County failed to
make an appropriation for the exhibit and
the business men collected the funds by
voluntary contribution. Arrangements
have been made for a liberal supply of
fresh flowers and fruit to be sent to th©
committee each day. All Relief Corps
and other kindred organizations will Join
the Grand Army posts and participate In
entertaining the visitors.
Tuesday night and the Alcazar building
have been adopted as the regular, time
and place for Garfleld Corps meetings.
The Olymolc Club has made arrange-*
ments for an exhibition in aid of the fund
for the entertainment of the Grand Army
of the Republic. Contributions are not
coming in with as much liberality as the
occasion demands and the Olympic Club
directorate volunteered to give the Grand
Army a special night, the receipts to b«
devoted to the fund > for entertaining the
(Visiting : veterans wfco will fill San Fran
cisco next month.'. The entertainment and
exhibition arc to be given at the. Me
chanics' Pavilion on Tuesday, evening,
August 11. The* entire strength of the
club has been enlisted to make the af
fair a success and a chorus of 200 voices
the presence of the members of'Garfleld
Post was announced by the guard. The
members of the Dost were led by Past
Commander Sol Cahen, in the absence of
Post Commander Meyers. Commander
Cahen, on behalf of his post. ¦ congrat
ulated the ladies for. their patriotism in
obtaining a charter by which they can
assist the people of San Francisco in giv
ing a heartv reception^ to the Eastern
comrades and their 'lady friends of the
relief corps. He assured them that not
one .dollar would be expected from them
individually, the post standing ready and
willing to bear the financial burden. The
presence of so many ladies was a suffi
cient Inducement to the men of the G. A.
R. to carry on the financial end of the
entertainment. A special vote of thanks
was tendered to Mrs. Addle L.. Ballou for
her exertion in bringing about the rechar
terlng of Garfleld Corps at this opportune
time.
Arfstein. Elcher & Co.. $20; Charles B. Al
len. $10; M. J. Brandensteln & Co.. $25; Bald
win & Howell. $25; R.' &. A. Brown. $20; Bell
Brandon. $10; Bender Bros.. $10; LowenberK &
Co. flO; TrUst & Co.. $20: Taylor & Spotts
wood. $10; S. N. Wood & Co., $25; Welibach
Company. $10; Kate S. Hart. $10: Wltzel &
Baker, $10; Herman Bendel. $10: Thomas Day
& Co., $25: A. M. Bobertaon (second contribu
tion) 110: K. A. Denlcke. $20; Metzger A
Franklin. $20; P. J. Dunn & Co.. $20; Phoenix
Insurance Company of Brooklyn. $25: Walter
E. Dean $10; Hamburg-Bremen Fire Insurance
Company, $25; Detzel & Mengell, $10; Chrlstlen-
The following additional contributions
to the entertainment fund have been re
ceived by the finance committee:
THE press committee. Thirty-sev
enth National Encampment. : will
meet in parlor one. Grand Hotel,
Tuesday, July 28, at 2 p. m. Apart
ments on the second floor of the
Grand Hotel, facing Market and New
Montgomery street*, have been engaged
for press headquarters during encamp
ment week.
The committee consists of Hugh M.
Burke, chairman; Harrison Gray Otis,
Samuel W. Backus, N. P. Chlpman, E. O.
McCormick, Charles L.. Pierce, Sons of
Veterans; Louis Levy; secretary: T. W.
Lincoln: James D. Phc-lan, president Bo
hemian Club; Elmore C. Lefflngwell, pres
ident Press Club; Captain Robert Howe
Fletcher, U. S. A. (retired), curator Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art; James R.
Nourse, city editor Examiner; Joseph G.
Mansfield, city editor Call; Ernest S.
Simpson, city editor Chronicle; Henry L.
Brooke, news editor Evening - Bulletin;
Clarence H. Warren, city editor Evening
Pott; Paul Cowles, Associated Press, and
Char'.es S. Alken, Sunset Magazine.
The executive committee has made a
fair allowance of money for the. main
tenance-of press headquarters and enter
tainment of visiting newspaper writers. ¦;
ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS."
THE -g AN- tl?A^ CISCO ;CAJ.l^ SUNDAY, JlJIiY^ 2G;V 1903.
26
Eastern Departments Report That a Large Number
of Comrades Will Attend National Encampment.
Exhibition Under Auspices of the Olympic Club
GRAND ARMY VETERANS
HIRE SPECIAL TRAINS
I T LJ p CTI |h CD At/pP PI F? Wt
I • X)ur Repository, Market and Tenth streets, contained eight hundred and sixty-four vehicles the night of the fire, July |
'& * 8th. • Two hundred and fourteen of these, were a total loss. One-hundred and sixty were badly damaged;" Four hun- |
| ' . dred and ninety vehicles are damaged by smoke and water only, and are ready to run. In this lot are Buggies, Carriages, Carts, |
$ Open Delivery Wagons, Top Delivery Wagons, and, in fact everything; on wheels. . *\ |
I ; Every vehicle in the building bears a tag showing the former price and the present selling price. Some are marked to sell at S
| ten per cent of the first cost, some more and some less. The sale of these venicles begins . ; ; . ' ; |
1 I TUESDAY MORNING, JULY 28th, at F^dlf Past Nine I I
O . . :-; .V.-.-'- ' • .__."; " . • . • ¦ •; . ;¦; -.,'•¦ =' : '.. }':' ' , §
| and will continue during the week' until everyVshicle inthe building is sold. * |
g An opportunity -equal to this has never occurred on 'the Pacific Coast, arid from our standpoint we sincerely trust it will never |
f d - occur again. We advise as many as can to bring with them a competent carriage mechanic, as you will find in most instances that a | *
| few- dollars' repairs expended will give you a vehicle worth many times its.^ . .. ' "•' , I
g Terras of Sale, CASH. Goods will be ready for delivery /as soon, as the sale ends/ ." |
| STUDEBAKER BROS. COMPANY OF C AL. |
ADVEBTISEMElfTS. .,. j . J _._ r ,, rr .,
818-82O /AAPK&T 5T, 3Ai\ FPAKQ^QO. .
I K TOILET NECESSITIES I P
N At a Great Reduction, i
? H:wird cr Loontn H*ir Erus'es the two bes: m^e«. P '
j ell pu e br st'cs, rftular 61.^5 stocV. in sale . . 98c . }f
u Regular J5c Tooth Brushes, on sale, 2 for I5c • T
V Sold for J5c— Wood back Nail Brush, mixed y
E bristle ,- -r 9C D
c Were J 5c —Whisk Brooms, wcJod handle, good n,
b husk 9c E
— — Shoe Brushes, with dauber attachment, regu- ___
larly 25c, cut to - - 19c
R Bath Brushes with curved detachable handle, reg- r
ularty 50c. cut to 39c p
A 100 different styles ot Mirrors, any shape or design re- .
quired, from 5c up
° New. Summer Ribbons. "
" These quotations on our Special Sale Jf or §
Q to-morrow ars far below the regular price. '
They' will force other dealers to get in line, — — —
— __ but with our prices they can't compete. nr
5 • AT \ No. 5 ALL-SILK TAFFETA RIBBON, in
AND ! 4\C ' Vbite. Pink, Turquoise, Cream, Blue, Cardi- ¦-
j -Si diaaU Nile, Mais, Navy and Black. Regular 5c «
— VTYd I quaUty. M
c AT -\ No. 7 SATIN AND TAFFETA, All Silk, L V
» p '. Liberty finish ; colors are White, Black, Pink, j
U "^ ** i lilac, Blue, Nile, Turquoise, Cardinal and Scar- I-
" VfYdJ kt. Regular 10c quaUty. — mmmmm
E AT No. 9 FINE QUAUTY, ALL SILK, PLAIN n
tarn p f AND SATIN TAFFETA, never sold in this U
A J ** i city for less than JOc per yard; in White, Pink, p
i R M Yd ) Blue, CardinaU Mais, NUe and Black. , c
K AT ) Extra Wide Fine Quality MOUSSELINE TAF- S
C ti\C\ FETA RIBBONS, 4 inches wide, in pretty p
fill \ colors. White, Cream, Blue. Mais. Rose, Nile, U
_____ IVrYd) Scarlet, Turq'uoise and Black. Reg. J 9c yard. R
_ Ribbon Bcws. Ties and Veilings Tied by Experts Free of Charge ' ¦
r White House CooK Book 59c. ?
IQ We have just received 500 more of the New White '
House Cook Book, which we place on sak at . : 59c |
{J Summer Reading 39c. °
The following copyright fiction on sale at the marvelously N
0 low price of 39c e*
"Graustark," "In the Fog," "Barabbas," "Senator North,"
— — — «In the Palace of the King," "Via Crucis." "Choir Invisible," ~™— ~
... n "Hound of the Baskervilles," "Dro-s," "None but the Brave," M
ANU "Sorrows of SaUn," "The Gadfly," "The Mighty Atom," ,
' "The Manxman," "Phroso," "St. Ives," "The Orange Girl," A |
Tommy," "Equality" and 50 other titles. Q M
R EXTRA HEAVY NICKEL COODS. E 1
£ The kind that are always bright. They surely save you ¦ T|
\ labor, and the prices are all right. ja [4
I P TRAYS-Round shape. . !____¦
H;j. Price. Ocr Pries Beg,Pris:. Our Prite "^™^™^™8
A J0-inch...?25c I9c 14-inch.... 50c 39c n 1
. 12-inch... 35c 28c 16-inch... 65c 50c u |
1 TEAPOTS -Colored handle. -// R g
ID Beg. Price. Ccr Price Reg. Price. Onr Priti n m
i? I pint.... 75c 59c 2 pints.. $1.20 89c U |
'E COFFEE POT- 4 pints, reg. $L20; our price 89c E i
n TEA KETTLE -For Gas Stove; flat shape, very pretty, p |
u heat water quickly. Reg. $K50; our price $1.19 n i
,; ' "¦"•"'•v. -•¦¦•¦ ¦ ¦ APVEBTISEMEHTS.
¦HB«BBMBaBBBB«BBaBBHBBBBaBBaHBBBaHllBMBHgHlBaB«HBBaHBHBBBBBaHK31iaBl
lawn wal«t» with ": '-.:"*; - .. - . liwn wal»t». with
iai\n waists, with •- ,..- • \^ _ _ _^_ — ~-~m. ¦ all over em-
Hgs LAST WEEK OF Wi
WM REMNANT SALE -S
Prices lower than ever. Every remnant left must positively be closed out this week- Read
every item in this ad. carefully if you wish to save money on dry goods or ready made goods.-
An Extraordinary Offering of Silks.
• ¦ Beginning to-morrow we will place on sale every piece of this season's fancy, silks. The very
newest styles and colorings will be shown. Beautiful; effects for evening wear. Styles and colorings,
suitable for street dresses and waists. Every piece of very superior quality and of per- par /ftk i
feet coloring and in an immense and exquisite assortment; none of them in the lot worth £<^ v^Jm 4T*
less than $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 a. yard. This is truly a wonderful offering and under no cir- . W 3^™C/
.cumstances should be overlooked '. • • -
Dress Goods Remnants. Suits and Skirts. Household Goods.
- . (Ground Floor.) (Second Floor.) ;(Third Floor.)
¦ BLACK NOVELTY ETA- BROADCLOTH SUITS - In LINE - N HUCK TOWELS-
MINES— Worth $1.00 a yard. *u , TT % J Large size, 20x40; pla.n white and
Lengths from 4 to 10 yards'. All the popular bIousc cffccts ' Wlth red borders; were 25c. / C-
new effects, 38 inches wide; silk, ca P c over shoulders; graduated Remnant Sale price, each *•*
wool and mohair. A rich fast pleated front and back, with full SHEETS— Forty dozen, splen-
black and, a regular dollar quality. poU ch Fedora sleeve. Prettily did , _mus! «n. 7»ja I Sold
Remnant lengths m . ¦ j -.u r n L -j regularly at 55c. This lot to go
.......'.........per yard 59c trimmed with fancy silk braid, during Remnant Sale at, qQ
r,r a/^t, t>»*t»t^. t,«^.at^ Skirt Plated and finished with a each «J^t»
CLOTH^Si S Smf in B r^; f-ncy yoke effect. This suit is a LACE CURTAINS-One hun-
CL.U1H. — $1.50 kind, in remnant ... A ,, . dred and twentv oairs* in uo-to-
lengths. -Every thread pure wool, special value at $30^0. Come in sSg regularly
Guaranteed fast black. Rich black and blue and will be put- at $1 50 a pair Remnant QQ
panne finished surface; sponged on/sale to-morrow... <*„» --- Sale price, per" pair
and shrunk. 52 inches wide, in Each SI", 7 5
remnants from 1 ]/i to 8 yards long. . Miscellaneous.
Remnant Sale price Q^c - WALKING - SKIRTS— Just the ORIENTAL CUSHION TOPS
• • • •';'• • • ¦ • P er >' ar^ -sOl" thing for a shirt waist skirt; shown — In assorted colors and patterns;
BLACK SILK SHEEN ALPAC- in black and white invisible checks 24x24. The 35c quality jg~
AS—Remnants from two to ten with welted seams and full flare Rc^ n^"V? 1C vat'fncTENNES
yards lone and of an extra" heavv * u \ ... , , , PLATTE VAL.e.Nv»1xSWWxi.o
quaTfty The"; Tare Se ?rS Ar£l « *°ttcm. All lengths and a reg- LACE and insertion, from three
brilliantine weaves, with a, silk/ uIar 6o ° ski rt. Special sale to five inches wide. The 20c qual-
glossy finish. Guaranteed ' fast to-morrow, each . - — ity during Remnant Sale, o_
-nTVrv^^-p • 7 f P " E ™ VENICE" GALOONS-
85c a yard on the bolt. Any rem- DUCK SKIRTS— Pretty for the From. 1 to 1 finches wide.. The
nant -this "week, a yard. AQ-. country. Made of black and white 35c quality during Rcm- IQq
•••••••-••• WC and blue arid white duck and of "^ hT'/'tE^ BATTENBERG
C ,r°^ T C H HAILSTONE a very fine quality and in the very B RAID— In pieces 36 yards long.
CHEVIOTS— All wool, 43 inches newest cut. These are regular The regular 35c quality during
wide. This seasons latest color- $2>so skirts> Special, <*, -* Remnant Sale, a piece.. ?? r
ings with white hailstone effects. \..«. . \. •¦-.;-» ' C/ 50 &OC
Pieces run from */ 2 to 9 yards whlle they last, each... Vl.OU 'S^^.^m^li and 24
long and are great values \t 75c - . n«H-rcHr*« Iines - IOC and J 5c qualities, dur-
a yard. Any remnant in jq A Sale of Underskirts. j R«nnant Sale, per C-
the lot, a yard..; Black mercerized sateen, full ac- dozen OC
WHITE OXFORD CHEV- cordion pleated flounce,, edged RIBBBON— 5-inch mousseline
IOTS — Over 100 waist lengths to with narrow ruffle. Yoke top. wash ribbon, in pink, blue, white,
be sold. The 60c quality. A big Regular $2.50 underskirt on the red and black. The 20c kind dur-
snap during Remnant OQg-> bargain counters, begin- (>i j ' s ing the Remnant Sale, a yard Q _
Sale, a yard ..... 4 ir££*5 nm 8 to-morrow, each.. *pi»'O ' yC
NOTE— Ho sample* sent to any one. Order goods direct and at ones. If not satisfactory we win refund
the money. . '-^ •Kipling is credited with having written
200 stanzas of poetry tn a single day.
THOMASTON. Me.. July 25.-A hand
some bronze tablet In memory of General
Henry Knox. the first Secretary of War
under President Washington, was un
veiled here this afternoon. The tablet
was purchased by General Knox Chap*
ter. Daughters of the American Revolu
tion. :. v:-;.*.; ; %%c ¦
In Memory of General Knox.
WASHINGTON." July 25. — Postofflce
established— Washington— Walvllle, Lewis
County; Charles H. f Goodwin postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned— California—
Chauncey A. L© Baron. Valley Ford.
Oregon— Flora' A. King, . Warrenton.
Fostoffl.ee Changes.
WASHINGTON, July 23— Major Frank
Strong of Arkansas, the general agent of
the Department of Justice, died "to-day at
Mountain Lake Park, Mr. -Major Strong
was born in New. York State, went to
Wisconsin Just previous to tho Civil War,
enlisted In a Wisconsin regiment and
served with great distinction. He entered
the Government civil service with Attor
ney General Garland. ¦¦
Major Frank Strong Dead.
M. Tsukamato, a Japanese, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant charging him
with arson. It Is alleged that on July 22
he saturated the walls and premises at 35S
Jessie street with coal oil and was seen
applying a lighted match to the oil. The
fire was extinguished by the neighbors be
fore any damage was done. T«ukamato
has two other charges pending against
him In Police Judge Cabanlsa' court In
connection with the same house, one for
malicious mischief and the othc.r for as
sault, with a deadly weapon. ..... .,; \
Filing on Charges.
Alice Galvery, a pretty girl 16 years of
age, living at 529 Grove street, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Conlan yes
terday for the arrest of Joseph Olson, 3430
Twenty-flrst street, on a charge of crim
inal assault. Olson is 21 years of age, and
the girl became acquainted with him
about six months ago. She says he called
at her mother's house last January, when
she was alone, and committed the crime.
8lnce then he had threatened to kill her
If she told who was responsible for her
condition. Detective Anthony, who has
been detailed on the case, says that this
Is not the tint crime of the kind that Ol
son has committed.
Threatens to Kill Her.
TACOMA, Wash.. July. 25.— Walter
Brown is likely to be returned "to "Walla
Walla penitentiary because he could not
appreciate liberty sufficiently to avoid
forging checks. He was released last
week and the next day he began forging
checks again, according to a complaint
filed at Walla Walla.
Brown was sentenced to two years from
Tacoma for forgery and 4 had served part
of the sentence, when, after' efforts on
the par t\of friends, he was -pardoned by
Governor McBrlde. Brown had been a
"trusty" at the, home ;of the prison war
den," who interceded for' him". .
Now he has been rearrested at Milton.
where he went after forging & check on
the manager of the Inland Prlntlng'Com
pany at Walla* Walla. .This check • he
cashed "with Julius Levy,- a. Walla Walla
merchant, who had previously cashed two
smaller genuine' ; checks given by! Brow.n.
After cashing the forged check Brown re
turned ' the money to * Levy and took I the
check. : Later, in \ the day he , again I asked
for the"; money, on. the same check,; but
Levy j had "¦¦ banked ' bis ; currency. Brown
accordingly left the : check, =. saying V he
would get the money la ten Investigation
showed. the check to-be a forgery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, July 25.— Harry Coraon
Clarke, the actor. Is suffering- from
potmaine poising caused by a beef extract
which he was using as medicine after It
had been spoiled by heat. Mr. Clarke's
condition has been serious, but the
physicians in charge say he is now out of
danger.
Harry Corson Clarke- 111.
Convict of Washington
Has Brief Breath of
, Liberty's Air.
LEAVES PRISON
TO BEGIN GRIME
Browned in Utah Lake.
SALT LAKj:, Utah, July 25.— A special
to th« Deseret News from American
Fork, Utah, says that Carrie Varney and
Lucile Dunkley, glrli about 13 years of
ago, were drowned while bathing: In Utah
Lake yesterday evening. The bodies were
recovered. » , .
Fire at a Distillery.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. July Jl-Th«
elevator and mill of the) Majestic Dis
tillery, belonging to tha Distilling and
Distributing Company, were destroyed by
flre this afternoon. Loss about J103.0C0.
fully covered by Insurance. Three firemen
and two distillery employes were slightly
hurt
As candy eaters and water drinkers
Americans rank first.
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, July 25.— At a
dance on Lost River, about forty miles
west of Blackfoot. last , night, Frank
Hurst and F. A. Stacy, ranchers, engaged
in a terrific fight with knives. Stacy waa
so bady cut that he will die. Hurst was
wounded, but not seriously.
Bancherg Fight With Knives. •
PA0LA, Kans., July 25.— Mrs. Cynthia
Merrltt BoBCoe, wife of Nelson J. Roscoe,
one of the first settlers of Kansas, died
at her home here to-day. Mrs. Roscoe
was a cousin of General Wesley Merritt.
She' came from New York to Osawat
tomJe. Kans., in ISM. She was closely
identified with Captain John Brown of
Osawattomle. and in the famous battle (
at that' place the Roscoe home was the'
only one not burned.
Kansas Pioneer Woman Dies.
HONOLULU, July 23.— George A* Davis,
one of the two attorneys against whom
disbarment proceedings were began yes
terday by Attorney Genera! Andrews in
the Supreme Court, has made a* vigorous
reply to the charge that he acted In an
unprofessional manner in connection with
the Sumner case. He accuses the At
torney General of misuse of power and
asks for the removal of that official by
Governor Dole.
Accused Attorney Makes Reply.
WHATCOM, Wash., July 23.— C. J. Lord
of Olympia, Wash., was to-day elected
president of the Washington State Bank
ers' Association; P. C. Kauffman of Ta
coma. secretary; W. E. Schrlcker of La
Conner, vice president, and j George S.
Brookes of Spokane, treasurer. The del
egates to the convention of the American
Bankers' Association are E. W. Purdy of
Whatcom and W. M. Shaw of Spokane.
The next meeting will be held in Walla
Walla.
Election by Washington Bankers.
NEW YORK, July 25.— From San Fran
cisco—E. Peck, at the Metropolitan; J. D.
McManus. at. the Marlborough; G. Buf
nngton, at the "Westminster; T. E. Cur
ran, at the Grand Union; H. Enderson, at
the Grand Union; H. O. Hinson. at the
Astor House; E. B. Louisson, at the Wel
lington; J. F. Munanan, at the New Am
sterdam: G. C. Wllmot, at the Imperial.
From San Rafael— J. Alexander, at the
Baxtboldl. From Loa Angeles— R. F. Vo
gel and wife, at,,the Imperial; M. K.
Young, at the Union Square. .
Californians in New York.
Dr. Jordan said that his report to the
President would not be made for some
time, for the reason that a large number
of men are now at work at various points
along the coast taking fish observations.
Not until these observers report to Dr.
Jordan will he make his report to Presi
dent Roosevelt.
Regarding the salmon fisheries Dr. Jor
dan stated that the whole key to the
question is hatcheries. To keep the
streams stocked the United States Gov
ernment must maintain hatcheries, and
in his report as commissioner he would
recommend the establishment of three
hatcheries in Alaska.
"The Canadian Government must take
similar action here," added Dr. Jordan,
"if it intends to keep the Fraser River
stocked."
VANCOUVER, B.C., Ju'.y 25.— Dr. David
Starr Jordan, recently commissioned by
President Roosevelt to investigate the
salmon fisheries of Alaska, arrived from
Ska g way last night by the steamer Prin
cess May and left by train for San Fran
cisco this .morning.
Dr. Jordan has been on a two months'
trip along the northern coast in the
United States vessel Albatross. All along
the coast fish were caught, and the banks
were dredged for rare specimens. Dr. Jor
dan says he obtained specimens of twenty
new fish. On the way north the commis
sion of which Dr. Jordan is a member in
vestigated incidentally the halibut fish
eries, but as this was not the object of
the trip little time was spent In halibut
study. T..ere are halibut all along the
coast. Dr. Jordan 6ays, especially In shal
low water.
This afternoon the officers of the regi
ment were the guests of Father Kenna
at the college. To-morrow morning at 9
o'clock a military mass will be held in
camp. Father O'Ryan, assisted by local
priests, will conduct the service. At 3
o'clock camp will be struck. Upon their
arrival in San Francisco the cadets will
march up Third street to Market and out
that thoroughfare to their armory, where
they will be dismissed.
HEADQUARTERS SAN FRANCISCO
CALL, CAMP KENNEDY. SANTA
CLARA, July 23.— The last night In camp
was the notable one of the week. Every
cadet In the regiment remained within
the lines to entertain . the hundreds of
visitors who came to see the youths In
their tented homes. All the company
streets were prettily decorated and en
tertainments of every kind were present
ed. At headquarters Colonel James E.
Power and his' officers entertained a
large crowd. The regimental band dis
coursed music and an excellent pro
gramme was rendered.
Captafn James E. McCormlck of Com
pany D was master of ceremonies. The
band played" the overture from "Tann
hauser," J. Kearney of Company N sang
sweetly, J. Sheehan of N delivered a mon
ologue, C. Parker of the same company
rendered a barytone solo, -the Morey
brothers sang a duet and L. Keegah of
Company L rendered a barytone solo.
Colonel Power expressed the gratifica
tion of the organization for the many
courtesies shown It by the residents of
Santa Clara and vicinity. He said the
boys had had a delightful time and would
always have pleasant memories of their
ptay among the hospitable people of the
valley. The Rev. Robert E. Kenna, pres
ident of Santa Clara College, delivered a
short address, complimenting v the regi
ment on Its splendid showing and ex
pressing his delight at having such an
orderly crowd of young: men encamped
In the valley. Father O'Ryan, spiritual
director of the regiment, said this was
one of the most successful camps In the
history of the regiment. The Santa Clara
Commercial League, through their rep
resentatives. Dr. Menton and Mr. Nace,
expressed the satisfaction of the people
of Santa Clara at having the League of
the Cross with them for the week. They
extended them a cordial invitation for a
return visit.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
Government Will Ee Asked
to Attend to Stocking of
Streams.
President Kenna of ¦ Santa
Olara College Delivers
Address.
?
Professor Jordan Tells
of Alaskan Salmon.
Supply.
League of Cross Cadets
Entertain Many
Visitors.
MELODY CHARMS
GUESTS IN CAMP
FISH HATCHING
NOW NECESSARY
THE J=AN VKAKCISCO.CALL, ;: SUKDAY,;JULY 26, 1903.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
v onipponiis g
For Diamonds!
'The wonder. of all inventions, Sapiph-
Diamonds, the gems that so far outclass
all former efforts of science... No paste,
no foil back, possess that phenomenal
luster so characteristic of real dia-
monds. Their . :. '
HARDNESS
insures the retention of.their brilliancy.
Never sold under electric lights. For
sale only in stores under the direction
of J.X. DAVIDSON, world's greatest
diamonds imitator. Rubies,.', emeralds,
pearls : and sapphires of scientific con-
struction. Real diamonds at "London
prices.' Catalogues.
S.vF. STORE v ? . 124 KEABNY
ADVESTISEmaiTS.
I Cure
i
Contagious
Blood Poison.
j
! I Eavo ILtcovered the Marvelous
Secret of Nature and I Give
It Free to You.
My Xffttricns CcBfeud Sttrt'es ths Word W.th
Its WtmJtr.'ul Ccrn-Kith 1 hit Xtrrtloss
Ctntt V» Ku erWeaut Nt«< Saffir
ftca CcsUgitts* Ood Polita
i=d It I| My K siioa ei
Eirt& EeBcefsrth to Ei-
tttrt All ficferiaj; Xeo
ted We nun to Fer-
fttt Ht»lth.
|
' 8»i V* 1l«*j— Elaply Tend 7ccr Vizct tci ki- i
ixttt t&l His Karrtbis Ceayonad Will
Be Ctfit tt Yia by Eitcrn Ktil,
Frtftid, Abidstsly Ir»s.
I- have found the marvelous secret ot Nature
| in restoring perfect healtlr to men and women
j su&erlns trom virulent cr contagious blood '
' poieon. To rnt It has been given to trine to
I the weary, eore, worn-out brothers and Bisters [
\ the knowledge of this priceless boon, and even
; to the uttermost ends ol th« earth I send my
1
iWar' *** rfr** '' . '• ?^ra^
tgsf % \* Pr- ' ' ErjKaQ&JK^i
" Kt Bta Is Le»t— Ttere Is » Sort Con for Csn-
ttgitas Eleoi PtbtB."— Dr. Ferris,
mescase of love and peace and hope and help.
Unbelievers may »coff and cry "fake," but I
heed them not My work hat Just be*un and
I am ttvlftK men.
The secret of this michty healins power, this
roarvelou* fluid, is known to me alone. It Is
mine to aiv« to whom I will, and my works
bo before me. Doubt not! I aek no man to
believe me. but I rive to every man free this
priceless boon and It restore* him Instantly to
perfect health. With thl» marvelous, myste-
rious compound, which I have discovered only
after a lifetime devoted to search through all
the realms olBclenc*. and the archives of the
ancient*, it nr possible to heal at once the aw-
ful sores, clear the complexion of the copper
cpots. dry up the mucous patches, heal the
ulcers and leave the body clean and healthy
and wholesome. "With this- mysterious com-
pound no man or woman will ever train be
troubled with blood polaon or any of Its evil
; eSects.
Remember It matters not what stage your
case may be in. It matters not bow long you
have bad It, how you got It or when you cot
It. It matters not what doctors or scoffers
cay. This u no ordinary drug- or medicinal
method of treatment, but; it Is the vital life
•park itself, and it matters not how many rem-
edies or doctors have failed, I have repeatedly
and Instantly cured the worst old cases, healed
the tores and caused the mucous patches, cop-
per colored spots and other evidences of this
terrible poison to disappear like made. My
tecret compound never fails, and Its cures are
lastlnr : never a»aln are any of my people
troubled with blood poison. My private address
Is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, 8084 fitrawn Building,
Cleveland, Ohio, and I urK« every person suf-
fering fTom blood poison to send to me and
I will forward. by first mall, prepaid, a pack-
art of my marvelous discovery. My wondrous
discovery has startled the world by Us miracu-
lous effects, and yet I seek not fame or slory.
It suffices me If I may be the humble instru-
ment of Nature's greatest power In brlng-tng-
all men to the enjoyment of perfect health,
and I do It free. In the time allotted to ma
here en etrth I shall do all that In my power
lies to rive my fellow men the benefit of this
! great secret and my reward shall b» In the
knowledge that I have done unto others as I
Trould that others should do unto me.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling- at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongklng with steamers for India, etc. No.
carco received on board on day of sailing.
S. 6. NIPPON MARU... -.Friday. July 81. 1903
5. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 20. 1003
6. 8. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 10, 1PM
Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rate*. For freiirht and passage, apply at Com-
raay's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
- - W. H. AVERT. General Amnt.
; PBAqEBS | . # P31AGEBS ' f PBLAGEBS. . I FSAGEBS
A Drive ii\ Ribbons |j£% J Fine Drives in Art>
and Neckwear. Wr-m M^^^^^^^^^r I I Goods and Laces.
A fine assortment of the newest ideas in Es V N i@ M Bf 187^ m J&W ' '
women'! fancy goods. PjfolO* J£ |L||l£iL EL, >to>y Nothing more tempting in Drives has been
Ribbons. Sr Vr*P'^R'^r *tr A**sr offered in this great, INVENTORY SALE,
5c a yard— School Hair Ribbons for the §11 . A ¥ "^ATAV^rOlTl ¥ A HI IT than the indisputable bargains mentioned here.
girU in plain' arid fancy striped taffeta and « AUWA.1O «.E/lvl iVIXIvK, r;^ -¦
satin striped; I and i finches wide; will wash t .il MAPKFT STi<oa^oftti * Art, Goods Specab.
well; valued ataoc .a .yard; v ; y r ¦ I ***** *&>" riAKH.£,l JI, 1 Scarfs, 36 inches long
The best quality : AU Pure Silk, Satin Back ....¦¦ Worth soc to 75c
Velvet Ribbon, so much in vogue for trim- n ~~~~ IT „„ . *. „, • ' ''. ''¦ "-. '*- 7 -
ming. We have all widths— No. 1 to . No. PlimaVfA Clv&ai T\r»\\fG ,„ 3c each— Tambour Shams. 32x32 inches.
4o4rom 5c to ,45c a ': yard. , VsllmaX tO \jrrcal l/rlVc OOlC Worth 50c to 75c each.
• .;•¦'' Lccc Collars. T , .' ; . ¦ jnuo . n( +K ' nro^ "inJ^ntirv ' GOc each— Blind Worked Scarfs, 72 inches
98c each-Venice Lace Collars in cream \ This last week of the great Inventory Iong; also come in Tambour and Net effects,
and Arabian; just the thing for trimming the Drive Sale" will terminate one of the most Former values $1.00 and $1.50.
children's school dresses and coats. Wortl successful clearing sales ever conducted in this 60c each-Tambour Shams; newest open-
f !^la^^^^I^f#^ citV ' The hundreds of superb bargains have : #S *%Sh*£
itoi||inil a They O c S om\ ea in^re^ 5 Sd *™ this store an enviable reputation for lib- and $r. 5 o.
Arabian. A regular $3.00 value. erality. . But with all. the excellent opportun- Laces.
\ Neck Ruffs. ; ities offered during the preceding three weeks 5c a vard— Point rf«. Pari« mH Normandv
i^thl^S^v S 'iZSM ' these final few days-,the climax, of the. great fSBSS* 0^
ffilt^SsSfiSfP^Sk sale-will be filled with bargain specials that Hi inch« «id«. .Rwuhrvaloe.ocand.se.
and white. • . ' wilK be the talk of San Francisco for months X2j^c a yard— Fine Cambric Edgings and
Regular $2.25 values on special sale at * 1.60. to come, livery, piece of goods and every Insertions; 3 to 4V1 inches wide. Regular
R^uiar ?2.so values on special saia «t »ij»8.- •¦ • garment in stock will be reduced much lower value ?oc and 35c : - ,
|| WE GIVE GREEN TRADING STAMPS. | than ever. |[ WE GIVE GREEN TRADING STAMPS, j
Prices at Lowest Limit in House Furnishings.
Most* Desirable Bargains.
July is the big month for these goods and with the inducements of the great "Inventory Drive Sale" to stimulate, the sales record has been over-
whelmingly good. The bargains here during the final week of this sale are no exception and are greater than usual if anything.
Pillow Cases. - , • ' . Blankets. , . Organdie. Napkins. j
Hemmed. | $4.45 a pair— Extra large Cali- 24c a yard — A fine and sheer •f^J^f^'^ $1 ii 5 -5^ ma * k k N v pk i5 s '
45 by 36— 10c. ' fornia blankets; white, with pretty gra de of French Organdie, 32 Ji-oo-ReiuiM Izco dJS*sic K-tpiciSs".
c 0 bv 14c. borders and two-inch silk binding. ;-,i.i,l« w :j. ;_ L*,iiV« d,,^— ~r Si'.U"?* 8 ". 1 * 1 " !v?5 gamask .
3" "J o" • jtir«v* « • u"-:- ,:a1 -~A m .-.„* -, incnes Wide, in pretty snacles OI 92.25 — Revular $2.75 Damask Napkins.
54 y 3^m!titct c d' ' fM^^i$^Mm light bIue ' pink ' nilc « rcd ' icmon - h **- R « ui " m DamMk Nap^
Hemstitched.. * . b , ack> lavcndcrj gray , orange and - Towels.
.4S.by 36— Ioc. - Tennis Flannels. Worth 40c a vard ¦ AU Hncn Ringed Damask Tow-
50 by 3^-l« S-3c. " Gc a yard _Tennis flannel, 28 Y ' * 4 Y *' els; all white, with red or blue
54 by 36— 1 < }4c. inches wide, medium weight. War- . • borders.
rvSjTft£3taiS ranted to v wash and wear well. TaI)Ie wnens. 13c each— Worth 20c each.
.„ „* eW,<? ¦ Pretty stripes" and checks in blue, 65c Heavy Bleached Table Dam- 24c each— Worth 35c each.
$1.50— Silkoline, covered with p i n k gray e tc ask at 48c 20c each— Worth 50c each.
pure • sanitary- cotton;- This is ' 80c Heavy Bleached Table Dam- 11 . __ _
cheaper than what the material Wrapper Flannel. ask at 50c Sheets and Pillow Cases.
really costs. ioc a yard— New wrapper flan- $1.00 Heavy Bleached Table Dam- These goods are made from the
92.5O— Made of fine French .i C i s o f a fine fl cecy quality. Suit- ask at : 75c standard grade of sheeting- free
sateen; quilted or tufted. able for wrappers, kimonas,- dress- $1.25 Heavy Bleached Table Dam- frorn all dressing and nicely hem-
95.00— Covered with pretty in* jackets etc ask at 98c med on lockstitch machine.
silk on one side and silk finished * ' ' _L ==s=BOa « > « !lsssS x^=r===--»==^^ . ' 5Oc each— Double bed sheets;
silkoline on the other. | GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN. I f«" *» z c
Final Drives in the Women's Great Climax of Drives in
1 Cloak and Suit Section. Silks and Dress Goods. .
. A .. . . ... v , .. j Am mrtA , «,,,_»,._ The wind-up to this very successful drive sale will see more select •
In this department there are a number of odds and ends and «nw»«r bargains than have ever been offered in this store or any other store at
of broken lines that have been left over from the venous sales. We don t- on8 The entire $tock of the newest summer goo<b at
intend to carry them another season, and to make room for stock that bargain prices.
will soon be coming in we have marked prices that will make them quick ° r * # . sm^ I
s*Men- . - . PeaudeSoie.
Tailored Suits. 75c_i 9 -inch Black Peau de Soie; 95c value.
$6.05—30 Tailored and Walking Suits; single-breasted, fly trpnt; ; > 85c— 20-tnch Black Peau de Soie^$i.oo value. -
• Eton an'd blouse jacket" effects. Worth $13-95- '' - ; 91.00— 24-inch Black Peau de Soie; $1.35 value.
914.05— Sample Suits of advance styles; also 100 Suits from our 91.25— 27-inch Black Peau de Soie; $1.50 value,
regular stock in black, blue and mixed materials. We also have some ; Taffeta.
Silk Shirt Waist Suits. Regular $18.75, $20.00 and $22.50 values. 53 C a yar d— 19-inch Black Taffeta; worth 75c. ;
Skifts. . ' 60c a yard — 20-inch Black Taffeta; worth 85c.
94.05— Made oft Cheviot. Broadcloth and Etamine: seven . Kore ' 91.12 a yard— 27-inch Black Taffeta; worth $1.50.
flare and flounce styles; braid and peau de soie trimmed; they come in 08c a yard— 24-inch Black Taffeta; worth Si. 35.
blue and black. Good values at $7.00. • 08c, 91-10, 91-23 and Black Taffeta.
96.05— Stylish Dress Skirts of Peau de Soie, Broadcloth. Etamine 75c a yard— io-inch Colored Taffeta Silk; all the latest shades. The
and Cheviot; all sizes; percalinc drop skirts. Excellent values at $000 best silk for the money in San Francisco.
and$io.od« I DRESS GOODS.
ShirtWaistS. ¦-.. Outing Skirts ROc-44-inch Black Alpaca'; h^fvy Iron frame. An extra Heavy
5f)c — Regular o^c Shirt Waists. ouc — Covert Cloth quality, not to be equaled for leas thaif 75c a yard. -* ¦
80c_Regular $i.2S Shirt Waists. -Skirts; worth $1. v fln ,,PM/Hv d r; 4 t^hiir^ u^y elllns: a new weave and * fln8 sWcT
,»¦» ate t» 1 tf : -- cl 1 1 i\t - 1 Y%**.r* u^iu- y»«» flnlsh; looks like a nlfcn-ciass goods. . ¦
91.25— Regular $1.75 Shirt Waists. O5c — Polka Dot 91. 00. a yard— 52-lnch Extra Heavy Clay Serge; aponged and
91.45 — Regular $2.00 Shirt Waists. ' Duck Skirts; worth shrunk; nne material for rough wear.
91.O5— Regular $roo Shirt Waists. . $1.25. Colored.
92.45^-Regular $1.50 Shirt Waists. ' -^ilL. 50c a yard— 88-inch Colored Alpaca: brown, tan. cardinal. S ray.
T ¦¦¦..-, C; navy, light blue and pink.
I WE GIVE GREEN TRADING STAMPS. | | - || WE GIVE GREEN TRADING STAMPS. 1
Undergarments for Women at Drive Sale Prices.
All the garments offered in this section are chosen for summer wear. Only the best materials are included in their making. Specials are always at-
tractive, and when they are made for a great event like the lest week of the "Inventory Drive Sale" they are more than ordinarily so.
Hosiery. , / KNITTED UNDERWEAR. Corsets.
25c— Women's Silk Finished Hosr. double Am T , Vests. . 91.25--A broken line of sizes of the genuine
sole heel and toe; onyx dye. Reduced from 35c. , 4oc— Low neck and no sleeves, mercerized: imported C. P. Corset: straight front models
25c— An odd line of Imported Lisle Hose; l^ce yoke and shoulder straps; come in white and and real whalebone. Worth $2.00, $2.50 and
balbriggan shade only. Worth 50c. bI a<*. Sold regularly at 75c. / $3.00. _'
25c— Boys* Heavy Ribbed Hose; double knee, 85c— S,lk Vests; low neck and no sleeves: . Children's Ferns Waists.
hieh spliced heel and toe: made to wear well. yoke and shoulder straps of hand-crocheted -Oc— Genuine Good Sense" Ferris Waists
n ' ji lace; colors, pink, blue and cream. A regular in gray only; sizes 21, 22, 23. and 24. A regular
1 We Give Green Trading Stamps. ||.- $1.00 value. > 25c waist. •
Next Wednesday— Great Red Letter Day— Free Green Trading Stamps. 9
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
"UATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
"i Adjoining CaU Buildtog.
Quick Sale Week
Have You Narrow. Feet?
* COME EARLY MONDAY
MORNING— Don't wait— greatest
barsair.i ever offered. Shoes worth
from i:.5O to fS.OO SOLD AT 25
CENTS. Ladies' lace shoes in pat-
rnt leather and vici kid, cloth or
kij tcps. hand turned or welted
roles. French, military and Cuban
heels. Shcrt lines mixed together
ard because they, are narrow
widths w* will CLEAR THEM
OUT AT 9.%e A PAIR. Sizes 24
to 8, in widths AA end A, and a
few small sizes in the wider widths.
quickIaU week'
¥%. I \ Cd Aft
\ LADIES' TAN JULIETS
¦« THE ACME OF COMFORT, csn
be worn cither as a house or street
choe. Ladies' tan vici kid Juliets
with sram down the center, coin
toes and tips, hand turned soles
ard low hee'.s. REDUCED FOR
THIS WEEK TO *1.4O- Sizes
3 to S; widths B to EE.
QUIGkIalT WEEK
Patent Leather Oxfords
THE SWELLE3T. NOBBIEST
OXKORIj TJE ever offereJ at the
£ price. The heirht of fashion. La-
'i:*s patent leather kid Oxlord ties,
coin toes and tips, hand turned
fo!^s ar.il fxtra hiph French heels.
THE PBTCB. JUST FOR THIS
WEEK. J51.7C Sizes 2U to 7W.;
widths AtoE.
"We don't g-uarartee to fill coun-
try orders on sale shoes.
B. KATSCKINSKI
| Philadelphia, Shoe Co.
10 THTBD ST, Saa Praadaco.
OCZAK" TSAVEL.
e Steamers lcav* Saa Fran<
Cisco as followi:
For Ketcfclka.n. Jaoeau,
Ekaxw*y. etc. Alaska— 11 a.
ra.. July 2S. so. Aurutt 4,
Cbax«e to coeapesy's steam-
er» *t Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port To«Ti8«nd. Seattle, T«-
cosia. Ererett. Whatcom — 11
a. ia.. Julr 25. SO. August 4. Change at Seattit
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
K. Ry.: at Seattle for Tedoina to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka (Hnmbclfit Eay>— Pomona, 1:3C
r. b*~ July 27. Auj-ust 2; Corona, 1:30 a. ra..
July 24. SO. Au*ust 5.
For Ixm Angela 'via Port Zjo» Anrelea and
P.edondo). ban Dtem aad Eaata Barbara—
Saata Rosa. Sundays, 8 a. m.
State ef California, Thurs(*ays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anreles <ria Saa Pedro and East
Esa P«dro). 8anta Barbara, Saata Cniz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
<SaaL«is Obtspo). Ventura and Hueaeme.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. July 24. Asput 1.
For Ensenada, Slafrdalena Bay. Ean Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, L«. Paz. Eanta Ro-
calia. Guaymas (Kn), 10 a. m.. Tth ot each
For 'farther Information obtain folder.
Rlrht la reserved to change eteamers or sail-
* in* <stes.
TICJLL'T OI7ICCS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street < Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 "nrket street.
"C. V. Dl'NANN, General Pa*«»-.irer Arent.
10 Market «t.. San Prandaeo.
O. /?• <S A^. CO.
• "Columbia" sails Aur. 1. 11. 21. SI. "Qeorict
ST. Elder" sails July 2T. Avg. 6. ... 28. Onlj
rte&mahlp line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
mil line from Portland to all points Ea*t.
Through tickets to all points, all raJl or steam-
¦hip and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamei
ticket* include berth and meals. Steamer malla
foot of gpeer «. at li •- m. C F. BOOTH.
Gen. Ar'. Pa*a. X>ept-. 1 Montgomery et.; C.
'LIFFORU. Gen. A»t. Frt. Uept.. 3 Montgom-
»ry St.
6ceanlcS.S.CQ.as»g
S R. VCMniA. for Honolulu, fcamoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. C. 2 p. m.
fs s. MAHIHOi>A for Tahiti. Aug. 15. -11 a. m.
8 P.. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. IS. 11 a.m
a.miznimtzi.n., cafe, j<3 Ezmtft
f ra^t62a.!23 krtil IL.farU. 7. Pfiafc !L
C0XTLGV1Z CZSEEALE TEAKSATLAKTICffJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
galling tvfry Thunflay, Inttead of tJ&JffBk
Saturday, at 10 a. n>.. from Pier 42. «^BS^B»
North River, foot of Morton street.
Klrst-clsss to Havre. $T0 and upward. See-
end-class to Havre. (15 and upward. GEX-
KBAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. Z2 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FCGAZI tt CO.. Pacific Coiit
A grots. S Montgomery avenue. Ean Francisco.
Tickets sold by all TUIIroad Ticket Agents.
-•
BCar* Island ard ValJeJo Otearners.
Fteaner GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:46 ft. ra.. 3:12 and fi:S0 p. m.. except Sunday.
Eucday. 8:15 a. ra.. S:30 p. ra. Leaves Vallejo.
? a. m.. 12:30 nooa. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday, van-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:U p. m. Fare. &0 ceats. lei.
Main IMS. Pier 2. Mlssloa-sL dock. HATCH
EKC8. . • ,
¦^OTBI^^nn^— »H— IIHII -¦¦» ¦¦¦¦¦»¦ " - -¦-- — — . ¦ <¦<<<< <¦ - - -^
"*^^ —MILWAUKEE—
On call at club or 'cafe— or delivered In bottles to the home. These beers
are Incomparable in quality and possess a hop and malt flavor that evi-
dences absolute purity and "beer character."
Always ike Same Good Old Blatz
BLATZ. MALT-VIV1NE Noo-mtoxlcant-F^Tonlc Purposes.
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
5 and T Drumm St. Soo Francisco. Telephone Main 164& Wholesale Dealer*Building That Marked Historic Spot on End of
Peninsula Is Destroyed by Blaze Which Occu
pants Suppose to Be the Result of Incendiarism
TELEGRAPH HILL GASTLE
MAKES SPECTACULAR FIRE
SCENES DURING THE DESTRUC
TION BY FIRE OF THE CASTL.E
. ON TELEGRAPH HILL.
HE . old German castle on Tele
.11 graph Ilili was almost totally de
li stroyed by a fire which broke out
•^ at 10:30 o'clock yesterday morning.
The main portion of the structure
was burned down, only the west wins be
ing left. . ¦ ". . • , .
The fire broke out in the cast end of the
basement and soon the big frame struc
ture was a mass of flame. The flre was a
fierce one, and it only seemed an Instant
after it was discovered before it had
reached the topmost pinnacle of the lofty
tower, which was blazing before the main
building was enveloped.
The Fire Department was early 'on the
scene, that is, it got to the foot of the
hill, and engine No; 5 was with great dif
ficulty hauled up Filbert street hill by
hIx of the biggest 'horses in the depart
ment. There It was anchored against a
telegraph pole. With the aid of the hun
dreds of small boys in that neighborhood
the hose was quickly hauled over the
rocky path and a great stream was soon
pouring on the seething Mantes.
By this time the flre had assumed a
most spectacular appearance. A sudden
¦ wind had sprung up and seemed to lash
the flames into fury. The tower, was all
ablaze and the flames were leaping high
into the sky. Suddenly almost the whole
burning mass fell with a terrific crash,
sending up thousands of blazing cinders,
which gave the appearance of the burst
ing of a mammoth skyrocket ,
INCENDIARISM: CHARGED.
The flre went out as suddenly as it
started. Its origin is unknown. •-
The occupants of the building were A.
Vincent, his wife and their two \ small
boys. Emile and Otelio, aged 4 and 3,'re
spectively.
Mrs. Vincent was running. the place as
an afternoon resort for tourists. She
charged an admission of 10 cents, and
served light refreshments, so that she
managed to derive quite a nice little in
come. She had no rent to pay, and was
allowed the place^ for its caretaking.
The' Vincents p'ractically lost every
thing. The only things raved were a few
personal effects. They carried no insur
ance. *
W- P. Conlon of engine No. 2 had his
Continued on Page 29, Column 5.
left ankle badly sprained, arrd was re
moved to the Harbor Hospital and from
there. sent to his home.
Mrs. Vincent Bald she was sure the firo
was of incendiary origin and that some
enemy of herself and husband was re
sponsible for it. -
Harry Gray, one of the owners of. the
THE KAN FHANCI6CO CALL. SUNDAY, JtTLT, 26,v 1903.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iiiliEiii
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has
been continuously before the pub-
Jic. It has therefore enjoyed the
confidence of the people for half a
century, a record unequalcdpfby
any other stomach remedy. Then
surely it is worthy of a fair trial
by every one suffering from Loss
of Appetite, Nausea, Heartburn,
Dyspepslaf Indigestion^ Constipa-
tion or Liver and Kidney Trou-
bles. It positively, cures. • One
bottle will convince you of its
merit. m
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
\AB-C
BEERS
Famous the^ World
Over— Fully Matured.
Sotd Ettrfbfhtr*.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
}HUSEUH OF ANATOMY)
0 55 lMl«A__tIST.li».5:i*7_,8.r.C_.Af
\ cJ^ Tbe 1_> 'eesl Aiuto—i cal Museum ia the \
6 MtM>. World. WetknnMa or any ctmtneted m
1 A8W diiea\e pvaltlwrlymrwi hy (he oldest T
O /JSJHI 031 '" °° tie Com*. E»t 36 years. 9
DR * J0R3AM-DISEASES OF HEN 6
\ FOSvfi Conmlutioa free ami strictly prirate. \
0 I BVn Trmment pcrsonallj nr by letter. A A
" T I W •?! 0 P—Mma Oitn ia crcry case tmdettakeo. T
tff Jf lift WrIteforDo«k.rniI.O«OrnT«f_|
T I ' II ¦»»«I»OK. UAtt— D Fl— — Uf
A Q IM "—i—b'e book for mr«) \
¥ JD_ 1OBDAN _ CO.. 1051 Market ML.8. P. ¥
-— °— —^— ™*^ '
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonaerfnl curative properties for. all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles: New, hotel and cot-
tage; 1 10 to $14 per week. Best trout flshlns
In Lake County. . Round-trip ticket. 8. P. , of-
fice. $8. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 -Montgomery St.. or 'address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Proo.; mall via Mlddletowo. j
Adams Springs
LAKE COtTNTY. ' CAL. .
BTXX— f HAS TEE CEOWD.
• • ' BEST WATER. v^ "
SUPERIOR SERVICE..,. *
Dcrlnr the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will be
at the springs. ¦'•'• : ' ¦•*•
, . DR. W.yR. PRATHER. Prop.
MONTRIO HOTEL -
Oaa mil* ; from ' famous '• ','Bohem Ian : Grove" ;
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, ¦ fiehlnjr, boating; f re«h ¦¦
milk, cream and -best of every thlntr. Address
C.- g. i CARR. i Manager. • Montrlo . Cal. ¦¦-;•'. •
BbiNNije Nook
Alt, 4«X) ft,; hit' f ml, pta.j cottaices Itents,
boatlntf. bowline- elect, lltfhte",, H. P. .WIARD,
Towl«, Placer County, Cai,- •
BATLWAY TRAVEL,
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILLVALL_Y,
CAZADERO^ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK • /DAYS— (Holiday! excepted)— «:46.
i-T«. 8:«. »:«. 11 a. m.. 12:20. U:15. 3:15.
i:15 tS^iC tS:l». 6:45. 8. 11:45 p. tn.
a. m. train week days does not run to
SUNDAYS XNT>' LEGAL HOLIDAYS-?.
« % m 11. t":30 a. m.. fI2:30 ri:80,
"b •*¦.&<>. 5. 0. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
i "Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin. Those
marked <t> to Fairfax, jicept 8: W p.. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:18 p. m. train runs
t0 F^OM*fl'AN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 6:2». t«:25. T:40. 8:18, J»:88.
U-06 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. J3: 45. 4:60. 5:30. <J:46.
10-20 d. m. ' »
SUNDAYS— «:1». 7:85. t8:10.^ 8:4O. {10:50.
f 11:45 a. m..'12:60, 2:30. »:25. 4:40. »:50.
:56. T:35. 10:20 p. m. ", .
Trains marked <t> "— rt from San Quentln.
FROM • MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8:28.
8:4aT U:W a. m.. 12:40. 2:46. 5:15. 8:10, 7:00,
! 1O sS*DA™S— 5:35, 7:80. 10. 11:10 m. m.. 12:0»,
1:06 2:40, 3:««. 4:N>.-0:0». 7:10. 10:40 p. m. -
* THBOUOH. TRAINS.
« :4S a. za., week days — Cazadero and my
»— tion*. ' . '
5:15 p. tn.. week days (Saturday* «xcepted>—
, Tomaies *nd wsy statloo*.
3:15 p. ra.. Saturdays— Caudero and way
stations. ¦ • '. ¦ '- : '-''¦'..'¦¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays— « _ _. C— sa.
flero and way station*;
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. _., Point
R«yes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «29 Market St.
FlgRRT— Foot of Market st. ¦
Sj&Em*M MENANOWOMER.
-v5sW-WTrr-E^ni U*s Big 6 f or «at> ttnral
_HS_T U l to t <an^| dit charges.laflant— stlons,
mBSB Oavwucd W trrltatlotts or dearatlou
¦*•> «•? t« ttrutort. m * ©f m noons nembrsaea.
2iJ Tl "— ** «*•— •— i. Painless, and not — trio-
BaSmTBt tWtS CHtKIC*lCO. gent or poitonons.
XZsk CIWl«lun,e MSm Mm\A hy Dranfill,
C.6.— _H» n sent In pUln vrnw**.
V_MB_R?1 •J.00. or 8 bottles «.T8.
-* s» ¦ Circa!*/ ms* eo mawt.
[DoveShooting
: Is Good Now
Paso Robles
Hot Springs
' For Particulars Write ,
[ | .'•' VT. A. JUNKER.
, Lessee and Manager, '
i, ut. r . Paso Robles. Cal.' ,
? ' V Or Call On
? ": THOMAS COOK & SOM,
(»;• • 625 Market Street. t
1 1 San Francisco. >
1 ' Information Bureau, Southern Pacific '
'613 Market Street.
Santa Catalina Island
3>; Hours From Log Angeles.
Season lDl<>.
Cor Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
IXG, FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
"With an Entirely New Equipment, in Shady
Grove.
HOTEL * METB0P0LE,
"With Modern Appointments.' Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECKS BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERT ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ft ir M /"* ft t\ HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
SK _J/»/t«V i:oi;nty : on| y hours
%Ji\n WSJ from San Francisco and
• but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press, and San Francisco morning and eveninic
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL ANT> STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages:
round trip from San Francisco only $5.50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 v. m.
Rates $2 a day cr $12 a -r <*ek. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1902 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. ; a1.*o at
Traveler office. 630 Market St., or ot J. F.
MULGREW, Skasts. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
UONTSBST COUNTY, CAI..
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and raies to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.* '
NEW ANNEX -
GOLF LINKS.
~'A\: ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
BAN JOSE. CAL.
SWIMMING.
. BOWLING. . 'W !
:./>.-• AUTOMOBILES.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say: "Ta-
hoe Tavern la the equal of any ¦ummer
resort hotel la the world," <
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit ue
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern
Tahoe City, Cal. ,-•
YOSEMITE VAi!lBY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via /WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIG
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
* POINT! I .
For particulars address A.. S_ MANN, 613
MARKET ST./ SAN FRANCIsJfc.
JOHANN.SBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences: large, airy dining-
room: exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swim-
ming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
' New. modern SO-reom hotel: Ross Valley*
first-class every par. : fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11 ¦>
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE. props. P. O. ad. Roas Valley. Marin Co.-
RUBIOON _ 3 __R,i_.
Delightful Bummer resort on shore of Lak>> Ta-
hoe. • Everything new. Best beach for bathing-
bring nulls. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce, tel. A. L. FROST
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal. *
KLAMATH SPRINGS!
BESWICIC SISKIYOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
tbe coast. Send for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs. "
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
i nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip. ln-
; eluding stage. $.14 50, good for season. Rates,
$10 per week. - •
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah, Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. . Only place
In- the world of this class.*- . Fishing, hunting
Crystal Springs. . Accommodations: table first-
claso. . J. A: REDEMEYER _ CO.. Props.
nFFR - : PARK ¦' INN ¦ f"f «***•-«¦• 6 «~- f«m
ll-Cll i Ann. Hin Lake Tahoe: epen Jun<>
1; elev. 6507 ft.: mineral spgs. Traveler. 63t>
Mkt st.: booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Park. Cal.
FAfiLE STABLES IIkUn - Tonrlsts. ctmp.
CAULIT-lADLC^erg, hunte _, . - rltg t £
A. Eldred for._rate».__for. any kind ot turnout.
GARDEN CITY ;SAHITARIUM 8AI J A if SB .
Hydrotlierapy, electricity. X-ray, massage.' etc
1 Modern. .Ideally, located. s- n d £gr llteraturel
California
¦ • ** < &
I fimiiTsifi
to CHICAGO
2J^C__S An Ideal Train
§§^^^g] For Those Who
ik isns Seek Bes "
SAIJTA PE TBAINS
LemTe Market-street Ferry D«pot.
~ I Lo-nl I Llm'd I Local I OVrl'd
\ Dully 1 D— ly } Daily | Dally. :
Lt. Saa Fr«n.. 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:00 p| 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... [10:40 a 12:01 p T:10 p|ll:15 p
" Merc_l .... ¦!:* p 1:55 P - |l:tta
" Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a
*• Haaford .. •4:M p 4:07 p .• 7:60 a
" Vlsalla 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfl— «1 TU5 p 6:00 p 7:S5 a
" Kansas City 2:S5 a 7:00 a
• Chicago 3:15 p< 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. ta. Dell? is Bakercfield Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
rwpa=d!nx train arrive* «t 8:55 s. m. dally.
»:30 a. m. Monday and Thursdav Is the
CAX—TOBSXA __M_TSD, carrylnjr Pal- ,
ace Slwpt-ff Cars and Dining: Cars
through to Chicago Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for acroicraodatlcn of local first-class pas-
s^nsers. No Becond-clnss tickets are honored
on this trala. Corre sponding train arrives at
ll;10 p m. Ttienday and Friday.
y.r,0 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car" and Recllnine Chair Car betwven Bakere-
fle3d and »an Francisco. C©rr«pood_ff train
amvea at 11:10 P. nv <!ally.
4:00 p. ra. la Stockton Local. Oorrcspondlag
train arrive* at 11:10 a. m. daily.
g:CO r- — - Dally is the Orerland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Rnclininc Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palare Sleeper, which cuts out at Frerno. Cor-
resporjdln* train arrlTes at 6:25 p. ra. dolly.
Personally conducted parties for Kacsas City.
Chicago aad East leave San Francisco every
MorMtay. Thursday «nd Saturday at 8 p. in.
Offices — 611 Market vtreet and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN _Y. CO.
LESSEE
m FRA8GISC0 ANO NORTH PACIFIC *
BAZLWAT COUPAHT.
Tibnron Terry, Poet of acarkct St.
SAW r-U-BTCZBCO TO SAS KATAEX „
WEKK DAYS — 7:30, 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:3.1. 2:50. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. '.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :3/ p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30. 1/ :00 a. m.: 1:30.
2:30. Z-A0. 5:10. 6:S0. 11 iXi p. m.
SAW BATASXi TO SAB" 7BAVCZSCO.
WEEK DATS — «:0f>. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50.- t2:00. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20.
«:25 p. m Saturday*— Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDATP— «:5U. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
S:40. 4:60. 5:00. 6:20. 0:10. G:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave ¦ J In. Effect I Arrive
SanFrar.cisco.i May 3, 15)03. 'San Francisco.
W«k 1 Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Da>6. j daye. | tion. | daya. | Da>«.
I 7:30a . I 7:45a! 7:45a
7:30 a 8:0Ua 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Igcacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 pi 2:30 p 0:«>0 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 1 5:10 p 8:20p 7:3p
I 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a ' 7:45 a| 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:10 a Nova to. 10:20 «t 10:20 a
2:30 p 8:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p (i:20p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
| 5:10 p Santa Roea.
'¦ 7:30 a I 7:30 a . 10:20 a 10:20 a
: S:OOaj S:U0«i Fulton. 7:25 p «5:2O p
2 :30 p( 2 :30 p 7 :25 p
j Win-lsor. !
7-30a 7:30a HealdBburg, 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:S0p Geyscr\ille, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hupland 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2::t0pl and Ukjah. ) 7:25 p| 7:25 p
*7 :3d ai 7:30 al Wtllltn. |7:25pl7:25p
8:00 a! S:00a| Camp Vacation. J10:2O alior^o a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guemevllle. I 7:25 p| «:20 p
8:00 al H:00a| Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 0:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30a| |10;20 a|10:20 a
2 :30 pi 2:30 pi Sebastopol. 1 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae, for Ran
Quentfn. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton' for Altruria aad Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clsver-
dale for the Geyssrs. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springe. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad - Springs,
Scda Bay. La keport and Barttett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. ~mter Springs.
Upper Lake. Homo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's, Bucknell's, Sanhtdrln
Height*. Hullvtlle.' Oil's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. ; Hop^v
kltur. Mendoelno -City. Fort Bra^g. Westport.
Usal: at Wlllits' for Fort Bragg. Westport,
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvlMe. Cum-
mlogs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Uarbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets it re-
duced rate*.
On Sunday — Roond-trlp tickets to all points
beyond Saa Rafael at hair-ratea.
Ttcket-ofScr. CM Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C WHITING. K. X. RTAN,-
Gee Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailei
en Application.
T-t-— — : A __ I 8A— T _ _ _vT3.
JAS BOYES & CO. c£ff to x,L*--£\_g
. __________ __ — — -
—UERICATIXG OILC LEONARD * miff
41« Fnmt ¦_. — ~. Phone Mala 17_.
__UIXZIT(r. ~
EC HUGHES, '^•¦iagS.'.V
* ; 4-
EVEBT COPT OP '
THE SUNDAY CALL
(Today's lisne) contains the
Art Supplement "OLD HOME-
STEAD/' end failvre to receive
, the same »hc_ Id be reported to
jour Carrier or Agent at once.
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
j liver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced In advising their us«s (free). BATHS of
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
« FOii PLBAi URfci
Large Livery Stable' and excursions to other
resorts and points of interest, many of which
can be made in one day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS CROQUET PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA, DANCING six
nights of- tha week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephones, express and postoffice.
Hard-finlshd rooms; flrst-clasa table; electric
lights -..';. .-.
Rates. $10 to $16 a week.
For booklet and other information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.,
"Travelers 1 Bureau," 030 Market St., or addres 3
CtfAir, & K-IKR.
¦ Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal."
FOR HEALTH AND 'PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Vall«y. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health 'and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lctt Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutler St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
OPENS JULY 15th
BOTELJBpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAY, BERKELEY.
Equipment and - Cuisine First Class.
J.S. MARSTON. Manager.
' Correspondence So'itlt*^ '
La Moine
First-class hotel onNSHASTA ROUTE; re-
cently enlarged, furnishing modern accommo-
dations. Including electric lights. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento River.
Finest scenery in the world. V Two tnnins
daily to and from San Francisco. Gn to sleep
in Oakland and wake up at La Molne. and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. Address all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS,
Mgr., La Moine, Cal.
A SPRINGS
Contains 800 acres of beautiful grounds. Hotel
and cottage life with metropolitan service.
Unsurpassed table. June is the best month in
the year to go to this popular resort. Buy a
ticket to Aetna Springs and return. Round-
trip $7 from San Franctseo.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPANT, .
Aetna Spring's, Napa Co., Cal.
PLUE T AKES
A w iff _________ ji— ___________
•. ' ' - ¦ ¦-..•'""
Our famous "White Sulphur Sprlns for dys-
pepsia' and all stomach ailments. IVnty o'
boating:, bathlnit. fishing and huntiajr., New
cottapes. Tennis court, regulation sue. Senl
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlakc
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
Camp Curry's Record.
390 Guest* in *99 M&$#.
: i " 400 Guests In «0 \ f| ,
;;; 715 auert* i_ 'oi :-j
, 800 Guests to '03 ' .
900 Already in '03
• Learn about it at' 11 Montpomery st. (Peck's
Bureau), "or 641 Market st. (Santa Fo office).
HOTEL WILLITS. ''
; First^ season. New building:; up I to date
equipment: over -a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suite
with private baths:, hot and cold water: elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing ' and perfect
sewerage. • Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocipo County.
|2 to'SS 60 per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND, Manager, W1I-
llts. Mendocino County, Cal. • -
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney. . liver and stomach
trouble. • Trained masseur. Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for • pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON., ¦¦¦
SUMMER HOME FARM
/ SANTA CBT7S i MOtTNTAINS. : ;,/- 1
V Flne : WcatIon. on creek, surroundt^l by giant
redwoods: newly .furnished: "everything for
comfort and pleasure."'' Send for*booKlet. * H.
W. HAINE8," prop;.; Glenwood. Cal.. or call 11
Montgomery St., 'Peck's Bureau.^ ( -
HOTfiLBRN LOMOND,
SANTA CBUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open. For booklet/apply to Peck's Bureau
11 Montgomery st.;or S. P. Co.,^613 Market st.
B. DICKINSON. Frop.,:Ben Lomond. Cal.
Seigler Hot Spnngs.
Natural ; hot I bathe, " wonderrui e tomnch waters,
swlmminK l pond, gamen, Uvery : *0 to $14 per
M-eek, - Booklets > at Peck'n, .11 Montgomery " st.
or H. II. • McQOWAN, : Seller, Lako Co., Call
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(MiliUH root of Mmrket fttwwO
__r» — r«QM ixn* _. IK— — as— rm
~ 7 no . RfT»<. 1 1. &_»»_ Bunlra —id _— rsr
neeto _ — . ... ...— . Z-Q*
7.KU VK»vli:e, W'.o—r*. K«s6»ey_ 13$r
7JO* »arUsd. Baa Rmb oes, V— 1«J*. '
Xapa. C-Ictog*, 6*cta S— ¦ _ — »»
750* >"'.'.ev L#tbroft.S'V>c>ct<« „ 7— &»
ISA* EbtivWoo— »c<L Caigbts !_—_«.
K»»— rcr.le. OroTfi:*. (one— e_
u i!irri!.i tor Oit— ej._b_sj
uiCMre) . _ .Z-S*
W» At»»»Ce_ipre_— Offdeas*! last. 1__U
ftiKU Port Ca—a. Viarflx— x. Aatle«_ My
ntt. Tr— iy.6toc«x»o.Si KV—ft*m— t
Los Bases. Mraocta, IU— crA.
TiulU. r»«rt*rvaw» ...—*__?
f f 1* T'-t Co*!*. Marti***. I—lhrasi Ko-
<au Mererd. rt*m» k O_J— a
.'B3rtl"5. Zaafera. VtasCa,
BaSn-ffie— *. ..... — SB>
&30* Sb«STa Exr>r«aa — I>arU. '*rtrts)a_
(*«¦ BarticU ftprtacsl. VIU«wa>
* Ttt.ig. Bed Elafl. r«r— — 4. 7ZS*
BTT^ 3TS1**. E-aa .Tone. LtTerwore. e_*t«
too. i o» <•, Saera_«|ite.Pnt_a rrt2«,
MaryrrincCfclco. Ke4 Rl— f..-.. 4— b>
_S 3» Oak— I'.e. Cainese. Jaarstowa. &»
Bora. Tr oIotm and Aag— • ..... 4.2—1
tXJC* Murt'.Eciaad A* »y Stailcni _ (.B5*
10X0* Tal'.ejo_ -i™r 12__»
¦If f*T* C3-e*efctC!rr Kxpretn. laaOxwtmd.
—Port Coatxu Byroa. Tra<^. l*>
throj*. Ktoefcton. Merced. T.a^ .
•nod. Fmao. Baaford, VtaaUa. \
BakersCrld. Los AegeVes s_l ' I
>fw Orleaas. (~ 'ettboana ar-
r.rf* m Pacific Coast —xjurces*
»ia r-oa*t Lite" .............. 4IJB
r&£XU Thf Ovfrlaaa Limited — Ugdea.
i>*.nvfr. Ontln. Cbieaga. ..— 8-2— >
124K)» Bay wu-d. ?Ctlea e»i Way Sta—oss. S. 281 P
T1«0Or Sacrarariiio Blrer Eteataera— . tilX— r
i_SOr Smicla. wtetera. 8a«raanesKx
Woodland. Wtutams. Colnm,vrs>
ipwc, Kciffbt* I— oclac Wary*-
%'.;>. Orornie and war «tattoM.. 10-£»k
SJOp Ha;v*rd. KOcs aod Way EUtl«_- 7 J&r
4,13r M*rs.ir«i.S»nH»Tnrm,Talir.Jc*ia»a.
Cm.\:»V<g*. Santa Hum, ..... ... UM
AJBOr Martlr<-jL.Trac7.L«tltrop.6toekta_ ICJttU
4.00r ytlra.Mvr-nore.Storkton.l~U.. 4-£&l f
4_0r Uarvard. Vtlca. lrrtnfton. San I tft^&A
Jcar. LKerrnore.. I Jli^S*
C£0r Tbe O« I Li salted— Freaco. Tolare.
Ilaletclcld. Los Angeles: coa-
' o< < u at £aagcs tor &asta Bar>
bcra- —68a
SXOr To : t Cos:a, Tracj. Etockua. Los
Basoa 1J^8»
fS-ICr SHra. f*n J««e Local _ _ 745*
_C0r H»?»ar<1.Nt:n'»nd £an jc**.... 10 A*
_C Cr Ori'Ms! Mail— Ofdrc. Dearer.
Omkba, tk. Loci*. Chicago »cd
Eart. Orrtr* Pu:;ar.«B C«rp»»-
• crptrt Tit out of Sin Fran-
cisco. Tourist car asd coach
pMtecter* take *.00 t. — trsl«
-•- to Krco. contlcnlnr tbesc« la
«. tfcrlr can C p.m. train «»rt— »rC.. 4^fl_>
VestbocBd, Sonset Vtmtua.—
From Sew Tork. CbSogo, JCew
Orleaot. El Paao. Los Astgelea,
>ief co. r.rrrndm. E«jmo5d (frcm
To^rmlte). Martlaes. ArrlTea.. UJLk
7S0r Saa Pablo. Port Costa, _ arttaca
asd Way Ei*Uot». ................ 11-76*
tTtCr Vallejo 7-E&I 1
7£ — > Port coats, Beolcia, 6cisca. Pana.
Escra—esta. Trnckee, Beso.
nofi «t all sUUocs east ef
fr»<r»mrcto ...................... 7-SU
tStr Cregon A Ca7!lorn!a Expr«i»»— — 10-
ramect«. ManrsvlKe. Beddla_
Portia td. Poget Sound and Euu K~S&%
_UtOr Hay ward. NUea aad Eaa Joae CSca-
iayonJy) JII-ESa
11— Ir Port Cofta, TritT, J.atbroj>. Mo>
derto. Merced. Raymond (to To>
setnltr). Fretso 12 ?f»
Hanftml. Vloalla. Bakcrsflcld t-to>
COASt LINE <Sarr#w fluri). '
(F'lQt of Market Street.)
_>-4Sa baot» Cpu BxesrsloB (Sasjday
only). a-lth»
%-Mjl Ifrwark. Ccaie~1I1e. 6aa Joae.
Felton. Boclarr Creek. Saata
Croz as4 Way 6«atloB«. ......... ft 2E»
tt-lM Kevark. Centt— tile. Saa .!««.
>"c* Alcatiro. Loa Gato*.Fe!ten.
BooMer Creek. Santa Cr— 1 aad
?rjBdpsl VTaj Station* 10-S— i
4.11* Kevark. Etc Jw, Las Ostot and
wa; ftatloDS <oa Satarday asd
t-nrxJay res* tbroc^b to Santa
Croz. connects at Feltoa for
BouSder Cr»rk. Uonday oaly
from 6*iita Croi) tg.SSa
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Trout SAN HiA>CIhCO. root of Market St. <8Upg)
-r.:li *:OU I1:00a.«. 14» 3 00 S.16r.M.
rro— OAKLAND, r'oot of Droadm-ay— «:0U t» :—
t* L C3 toftii.it. 12 00 2O0 iOOr.M.
COAST LINE (Itrosa tiaage). ,
(Third ano Towpaepd Street*.)
610» ran .loae aod Way Station*... ...... 7-J(h»
17 CO* San Jom aod Way btatlooa SJCr
fl tC* Mew AlTnadeo .... fi.\Xt»
:7.16a 11 cioterry aod Santa Cnu Excsr
•1"B (Sunday <mly) ... 18-3— '
aSXfQ* CoaftLisrLsrnitrd — fetor* only Saa
J o»e.G Uroy . H ol ttster.PaJaro.Cas-
trorUlr. Salts sa. San Artft>. Pa»«
Bubles. Eanu Marrsrtta. San Lois
OM»po.(prhir|^sl Matter* t lif tct)
fi»eta Barbara, tea Let Ad-
gelra. GitstiectSoa at Cai>troTti;«
u> and from Monterey and Pacific
tiroTe«od at Tajaro nortb boond
frctn Capjtola an<J SactaCros.... 1(X<— >
<*•* Saa Joae. Tr»-a Plr,o*. Capltola,
£*BtaCraz.FaclflrGroTe.Sa:tBBa.
6*n Lcta Ol>:cr>o aa4 Prlscipal
Intrnnrillate Siatioti* 4-1— >
VettboOBd cnly. r«rlCc Co*»t El-
urea*.— From 5 tw Tork.Chirago.
Hew Orleann. £1 Pam. Los An*
«nm . r«1*a. Santa Barbara. Arrttea.. 1^f>
JOiB* San Joae and —« y gtatlona 1._ h»
11 ZC* t.i, Joce. Los Catcs and IT ay sli-
tlona .,.. 6.36f
mlXOr Sas Joae and w«y 6tatlona......... yfjjOr
t CCF f»n .U*r «d<J "W», tUtioci {8X&A
1«.4X0r I"l Monte Fxprrw-s.nta Oar*. »**— '
0 6as J«.«e. Del Monte, ifcaterry.
Pacitc Grore (eoBoecU at Santa '• - v
CJsra for Faata Cnu. Bool der
. .•_ » c^*ksndKarr<»wGatir«PolBU)flt.l_>
elZCr Bcrlincane. Sun Mateo. Redwood.
MrBlapark. Palo Alto. Miyfield,
Mountain Virw. Lcwrrner. San—
Clata. San Joa«. GHroy (conneo-
«co tor BolUater. Trra Plcc»).
Pa)aro (ooncrctioa for Vitwc.
rule. Captto2a and tacta Cruz),
Pacific Ciave asd way at* Uona,
CosBeeu «t CsstroTllis for Ea>
. _. Ub— » k~__— _ I0-4S*
_f i$L * ta Jote "- 1 "**y 6tatl0B» LS— t
«tf — — > _ ib Jote. <vla gasta Clara) Los
ii a to.. -Wright a&d Prtaclpal Way
,6tattona * mm.
c'S.1— > — inMatro.BcrearordLBclroont.Saa J9MBX
Carlos. J>d««4, F*lr Oaka.
M rr _ „ Menlo Park. Palo Alto _ tt.48*
%ZOr S.BjcM-nrdTV.y 6t*Ho B t. gist!
tJttr SBBset Limited. E—tl^natf.— 5» B ****
Uilt ObUpo. St&ta Barbara. Los
Ai.c«ra. I)«i,}Bf. El Paao. »w .
Orle*B». Kew York, (tresthonsd
¦ --_» m . rrt ™' rl »' i '» | J"'Qo1»Vailey)... rfM.
cii^Qj _112brae.p_a Al_a_l Way itZ lu-l °*
tJona..... _ «» . c _
•H_0rMl!lbrae. Sao JoaV'-Id'w'a/T-l ™'* 6F
A 1«rr M'^rning. p for A rtfrr>An« "
X Satcrday « a d 6on<!sy only. An * rnoo »-
(Stops at all »_tlo_i ob Sbb«st.
• Coanteii at dosfcra Je. with trat_i for Hac'ori.
'. etopa Saata Clara aooth bond oely. Coe___
except Sunday, tor all point* Ksrrov cicgifc^^
#Xte— _ otstcsatY—t&cUEi.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave f» Srs— i » Ftrrr \ Arrt** =3
SaaPraa. H*« — g_t- Saa Fran.
VVoek 5Sv jam ¦ ¦ /'Son- IW— 5*
I>ar«- <i*r* /(/?*rW*$\. dap Day.
»:*fi*. K:OU A SSSHisia 12:OOt« Riv*
— 4&r w:OO A VS I—K— _ sf I*:»0H3:30*'
ix:*oa 4«aa>
I:*Or ySmW S:Aft>
I *:»*H • I «toop . .. , :
—!———————___!—_—_____—__——_!__!
' ___ t ej * Mas— *T Sr, (Nor— Shore Raiiro— 0
trrxa I and Saus.a_tto Fa— tr Fa— Market tit.
WBiiHrCailLOOlrloar
I1BP0RTANT
ANNOUNCEMENT!
' Chaa*e tn the CHnwrsWp aat ___t«___t tit ,
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS,
Loca tM ft _)>» Nortbeast cf B_I Bto_,. en. th*
Ma* ot _« *veCb*rn J_stflc B_0to_L^
Tbe tm>rtirarf bees to tat arm ttM pc_»»
.that ft Kaa mactxtA-A to th* o— tmtsWp aat
management <rf titman _._ cos Sprtsfa ana It U
ita parpoa« to conduct tbcm la a irwnnw ;
that will tastJT» soch can? and comfort to ir» ¦
patrons as win b* thoron«b!y. satisfactory- ;
Parttcolar atUntlon — ffl b* gvrnx to th* eoJs _k» ,
and dlnlnc-coota mtvIc*. FBrtl*tiiiwi». it d> ,
the fntcntton ef the vunz owners to ext*t_tf«tr \
tmprmc* aad bcaatlfy _-• pruv*itr. whteh. adA*
ed try-ttm manretoos «_ratK« pTOprrttwer «• j
variotm 8pr_<s to cases of OtxX, Bh«t__ia«iy •
Catarrh of _• Bladder, QnmU DUbetea. KM-
nry troubles »rf erery variety. Urinary t" 0^}}*"; ;
Skin D— cases. Prspeps—. CystltUi mad Btood, .
Dl««asea of trrtry de_rrlptJoa. will olac*^ th»
•TUSCAX SPJUHOB" la the front *aa_ «c tha ,
fameas mlaeral aprlnr* *>t the world, ' ¦ _ ¦ .__ 1
C-m« of RHEUMATISM. GOUT. ASP AM' ,
BLOOD DUTBAKES W1X_, BE AOOEFTTO
UNDER A QUARAJTT— K THATTHCT 35H?
OR ALL. EXPENSES. C*H££I>rO KAD>
WAY FARE. W1LX. BE REFCNI>ED.
B These wonderful *prtn*s can be «»_«« *»
the Soathern F_rlflc Corapaaya Systein of Kafl-
ways and Ita «oncect__i throu«hoot _a> Unite*
States.
Tuscan _O_«z— I Spxinc* Carpa— K— — •.
6ta*» aad Automobile transfer serrica be« .
tween Red Bluff and Tuscan SpflaBa.
For rates of fare and route* of travel apply
to any Southern Fadflc R. R. Agent. I
California
Northwestern
Railway
The Picturesque Boats of California.
DEER SEASON NOW OPEN.
In SONOMA and MENDOCINO counties deer
are very plentiful and their haunu only one
day's ride from San Francisco.
1 B—ACK BASS are bitlnsr freeiy In tha Ras-
1 sian River around GaerneTille, Cuernewocd
Park and Camp Vacation.
The many trout streams are yielding up
trout In (treat numbers, even thouin bundreJd
and hundreds have been flshini? them izr the
past two months.
THIS COMPANT runs its own Fish Hatchery
and every year stocks the streams alenz itd
road.
Fo many peopl* have returned from their
vacations since July & that there la pl.nty of
room now. for cuests at the Resorts. Hotels
and Summer Homes.
No months in the year are bettsr tc- *n
out Ins alonir the California Northwestern Rail-*
way than July, AuRurt and Septcm&tr.
Our "Vacation 1903" eiyes full JnforruUr.n
In repanl to Hotels, Resorts. Summer Homes
and Camplnjr Spots.
CALX, or WRITE for a cooy.
Ticket Offices. 63O Market st. (Chronicle
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of Market
et.; General OMc*. Mutual Vita building, cor-
ner 8anaome and California sts.. San Fraa-
clsco.
H. C. WHITING, <5«n'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Oen'l PassT Agt.
CAMF 9 VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near G*tern»-
ville with a mil* and a half frontaee on tn»
Russian River- Tents In *¦ beautiful s^ove of
redwood, oak. madrone, laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating. bathlrtK
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco. $2 60.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
I* C. CNOPIU9. Camp Vacation, near Ouerae-
vllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
»o_TH « 0M TOCALOMA "g*"
Bertram! Hotel; first-class accommodations:
reasonable rates for families & parties; fishing:,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele-
phone. JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin office
•very Friday. 2 to -i p. m.. or No. Shore R. R.,
tao Market st.
OWN A HOME 17 - CAMP MEEKER
Free from fosr and wtnd. Lots $ 10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $.V» up. Boating, bath-
ing, tenting ground: sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausalito ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Camp
M*«ker. Sonoma County.
WHITE SU—PHUB SPBXHGS— - Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stage faro. Only 2Vj hours* rid*;
five miles from VaHejo. Hot. cold and plung*
sulphur batha ;, wonderful cures cf rheumatism,
neuralgia, eczema, kidney." liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ins and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowltc;
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. *10 a week and
up Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WITTER MXOICAI. SPKX2TOS, Lake
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed table and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open for
guests the entire year; positively cures Stem-
ach. Liver, Kidney and Bladder Troublo*.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uktah.
Address AVltter Medical Springs Co.. main of-
fice and water depot 016 Market st.. S. F.. or
R. McCormlcIt. Witter Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE O-TSXEBS— A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblentx. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Delmonico. has entire supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Swlmmtns
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing; 910. $12
and S14 per — cek $2 50 per day. Information
Cal. N. W. Ry.. 650 Market st.: also FABIUS
FERAUD. Prop.. Tha Geysers. Sonoma Co.
F_SCAS__0.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular* hotel cf San Mateo Co. Commodious)
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebblu
beach fishing hunting, sea bathing. Phon*.
Rates. $8 and $10 per week. TV*. L. STEVENS,
Proprietor. * ,.
B-AUTLTU- CAMP M_____ — A
grand family resort in the redwood mountains
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect:
over 100 cottages already built: lota for sale;
boating, bathing and other amusements; excel*
leat table: ratea ?«'. per week: take Sauvalito
ferry. Address H. M. GREGSON. Sole Prop.
fBSEUAH HOT__,
Auburn. Placer Co.. Cal. Vo*t popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address-
FREEMAN & WALSH. Proprletora.
VILLA TOHTSSAT — ~irst-class resort;
Santa Crus Mts.: hotel, cottag-es; croquet,
tennis. . billiards, bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights; tabl« first-class; S1O to $14;
phone; campers* return tickets' $2 30- circu-
lars. J. H. H AF.STERg. Glgn'wood. Cal.
AM0N0- TBTK PIlfES— Alt- 3034 fset.
Wood's ranch; $0-$S week; positively no con-
Humptivea; write for pamphlet. Robt F.
•VVarharn. Appl-gatc. Placer County. Cal.
ELITE EOTXL, Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and.nowojen for summer guests. Rates rea-
sonable. ' • • ¦ .
BEBOSSHEiarl— in the SanU Cruz red-
woodsr $T.*nd ?S weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs. E. \\ liken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Cruz.
W ILLOW RANCH— A charming spot in tfee
y*< s * nt . a Crua redwoods: milk, fruit. sprin«
W S t *tiT,1, aU^ ma i. 1; exc *"' nt -,M«. *«50 per
wV. MRg. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Cru». Cal.
AT ..? AMP ,K~BX__v—^Furnished rooms.
.. with . or without board; three minutes' walk
from depot. MRS. M. E. ACKERilAN. .- . •
'.,¦¦¦ . " - ¦'*-¦* *_
¦KhK fi^ffik *"—t W_WPWK?^^*^^^^ J—ftllil— 5i_in_Ei <^*i/jBrMi »t n» -1 — wnrm r'«u«i« ijL_— — »«¦ «5_!_jlSBBr
BAIL VAT TBA VEL. __^
$6 for a Berth'
to Chicago.
v That's the ratc-S6-for a berth in a Rock
Island tourist sleeper, California to Chicago. *
Rate is the same whether you go via El
Paso or Colorado.
Second-dass tickets _re accepted. They .
I cost $10 less than first-class tickets.
Total saving, if you "go tourist," is $18.
Rock T<?«~3 _— — t ears 1— re Sas Fr_— _s far Chicago _3y
t_ El Pj_5 forSc Lods, Moadirs; for Ma_ph_,Wednesdm.
«V_C_ormA»** _nlc«T«8a,nu,We_ies_} 1 », ,
— . -— gjtgffi^^frft-raniy &j_t_ts _sd Son——-
\ Fisasoi to pv. : further bfermarinn.
MjfiOTjfj^ F. w. THOMPSON, Go=«I Wcssra Agcnl,
6? 3 Market Street, Saa Fraudsco.During the nineteenth century two hun
dred ships, numberless lives and over $30.
000,000 were lost in futile efforts to .reach
the north pole.
Continued From.; Page 28, Column 4.
TELEGRAPH HILL FIRE
. INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. -July 25,— John, 1*.
Holseman was nominated by the Democratic
convention for Mayor.- ', -'
Joseph D. Redding. Willard TV Barton
and other members of. the Bohemian Club
residing in New YOrk -.left that .city yes
terday for San Francisco. They are. com
ing to attend the midsummer high. Jinks
In the redwoods. J. C.. Wilson,- who was
informed by wire of . their departure; from
New York.:r -will give a dinner *in their
honor on thelr.arrlval.Iwre; ¦. :
Midsummer High Jinks.
On the brow of; this hill,- early in 1S30.
Sweeney & Baugh' put up a - f rame struc
ture about thirty feet square,- on the top
of wWch'wasa shaft about twenty; feet
high. \ Qn this shaft , were . long arms > of
different'- sizes and'i colors,' and the ap
proach of a r vesael waa.noted..by,.^he rais
ing of these arms. If It 'was the regular
mall stearh.er from New, York via Pana
ma,. tw<u great- black , arms were raised.
If ;a f sailing were in the
ofang-up'carne-«a*black arid i;a-:whlte-arra.
Each *Bcagothg crpif t : had its especial ; des-
SERVED MANY PURPOSES. ,
During Us. existence the building was
jccupied for all kinds of' purposes. At
Dnc time Duncan C. Ross gave a series of
hippodrome' performances there. " The
Telegraph Hill Observatory Athletic Club
also made Us home there. ¦•
Then It became an art studio and finally
it got to be a cheap lodging-house. .
About three years ago Oray Bros., the
contractors, bought the property and
used tjie building as a boarding-house f»r
the" rtien In their employ. Mrs. Vincent
again made It a resort last February. -
No* point in •San-. Francisco., la better
known that Telegraph Hill. It Is closeiy
ldentltted with the settlement. of theidty.
In the early -fifties it was a point '.to which
every eye. was. turned as soon "as day
broke and It was the lost place, on which
the eye rested as: the' sun went down be
yond .the Golden Gate. \- It was. the sjgnal
station In those days that told the ,pio
neers of the arrival ; of the v craft that
brought them news fronj far away and
which* "placed them in touch* with home
arid with the news of the world at' large.
It was the point ' from which the people
of the city received the joyful news; that
California had been admitted "as a State
to the Union. ¦¦H8mm&&&6&iM§iM&?i
property, could throw no light on the ori
gin of the lire. He said the original cost
af the building was about $30,000. He esti
mated the loss to bo somewhere in the
vicinity of $3000. .....
The Building, was erected in 18S2 by a
company, of which F.. O. Layman was
the manager. The Intention was to havo
it ' sort, of high-clasa " pleasure resort,
where people could enjoy the magnificent
panoramic, view of the Golden Gate, the
bay and the surrounding country. To fa-,
dlitate getting there, the old Telegraph
Hill Cable Railroad was built, which con
nected with the old Omnibus Railway
Company. The cable line up the hill was
removed some time ago.
For the (list two years the place was
fairly nroj-peroiis, buf.at the end of. th.att
time it became a sort of hoodlum 'resort.
Adolph Sutro^then bought the .property,
with the idea' that he could rehabilitate
the placo. He was unsuccessful in this
and little by little It fell into disuse arid
decay- .
vice—service of commercial as .weU • a»
poetical interest— the- . building, showed
sign? of disintegration and with great re
luctance on the. part- of alt- those - for
whom it he,Id .so many fond" associations
the old , landmark was t pulled.. dawn" and
in 1882 the '¦• castle., which burned yester
day, was erected on its Tery stte: .
" Hence it was in the early days that the
hill Was the objective point of vision
from early morn and until late at night.
As years went on it became the. custom
of tourists, travelers and . the public at
large to visit.. the hill and carve.upon the
frame structure of Sweeney.£&* Baugh
either their names or theirj .inltiata/- ...
.'The owners at the- start ,; tried to -put a
stop to this practice, but. It iutd. become
such a fad that they \, removed reifralnt
and every one from far, and 1 near, added
his mark to thq hlsto'ric 'old 'structure..
It ,1s •' estimated. ' thatVmore than; 4CD0O
names were carved there, and. these rep
resented people from every .place, ; clime
and spot on the laCe of the earth. , ¦
After twenty-four years of valuable ser-
ignation. -The news was transmitted .to
Telegraph Hill from Point Lobos by a
similar code, of signals. " " V
MARKED HISTORIC SPOT.
When Miss Hopper flrBt announced her
intention of appealing to the courts of
'Victoria to set aside the will of Alexander
Dunsmulr and it became known that she
had engaged the services of Judge Coyne
of New York the gossips of the Eastern
metropolis insisted that she was being
financiered in her legal undertaking by
young Elklns. and for support of this con
tention the fact was cited that her lawyer
was the attorney of the Elkinses. To
this insinuation, however, Judge Coyne
gave an indignant denial yesterday and
added that Miss Hopper in securing hla
services had been prompted by persons
entirely foreign to the. interests ' of the
Elkins family.
gave rise to the first stories that a mutual
attachment originating in New York some
months previous existed between them.
Later it was reported that Elkins Sr. had
warned his son that a marriage between
the latter and the actress, which was gos
siped In the East as a possibility, would
not be condoned. Stephen Jr. has since
tried to overcome the objection of his
parent and in this endeavor he ls'eaid to
have been assisted by Miss Hopper, whose
consent to a marriage is reported to
hang conditionally iipon the success of the
young man in his pleadings with his
father.
However, Stephen Elkirii Jr. Is in San
Francisco and expects to remain here
tmtl! Miss Hopper I* ready' to return to
"the East, which will not be for several
weeks. Two' years ago ' Edna Wallace
Hopper came to. San Francisco, and. toe
fact that younzElkln* followed 'bo* bcra
AWAIT CONDONATION.
It is apparent that some effort has been
made to conceal the fact that he is In
the oitv. Jn Bit far as It might become
the basis of a telegraphic story to one of
th-* Eastern newspapers, for It is under
wtocd/ln New- -York, so a telegram from
there/ last evening stated, that Stephen
Flkiirs Jr. is enjoying himself somewhere
along the Atlantic ccast instead of bask
ing in the presence of Edna Wallace Hop-
an effort was made yesterday to
secure an admission from Miss Hopper
that Elkins had been her -frequent guest
at he- home across the bay she denied
Judse Coyne, too. reened.to be living
in deep ignorance of the fact that young
Elkins is «n- the city op that the- New
Yorker hadimet Miss Hopper and him
6e "Stephen r Elk!nV Jr. here?" queried the
Judge with an air of surprise, when
questioned by a Call reporter. "Thats
Ftrange. It's the first that I have heard
°But the Judge is a. clever tactician and
defensive tactics have been his specialty
during his successful practice in the New
York courts. For a number of years he
has been one of the trio of shrewd law
verB representing the Metropolitan Rail
way Company; a corporation with vwhich
Senator Elkins. father of the young man.
is prominently Identified. As legal repre.
eentative of Elkins Sr. It Is the fortune of
the Judge to of ten. meet the Senator's
sonK. and that. he should fail to recognize
in the young man who Is paying so much
attention to Miss Hopper one of the
younger Elkinses might easily be con
strued as indicating an Intention on the
part of the Judge to shield the wooers
from publicity. ; —
JUDPE COYNE IS EVASIVE.
Elkins Jr. accompanied Miss Hopper
from- the north, whither. she and her at
torney. Judge E. P. Coyne of New York,
went several weeks ago to prosecute her
case in the court at Victoria. On the re
turn trip, arriving at Portland, fellow
travelers cf the actress noticed a well
dresxed young man, evidently a stranger
In that part of the world, suddenly ap
proach Miss Hopper, and greet her In a
friendly manner. There was an interest-
Ing return- of the courtesy, a Ions and
quiet conversation between the young
man and the actress, ana a parting. The
incident might have been forgotten by
the ether travelers had not the young
man appeared aboard the south-bound
train 'ater and renewed his attentions to
Miss Hopper.
The following day when the train ¦ ar
rieO at the Oakland pier and Miss Hop
per debarked with a view of going to her
country home in Haywards the same
young man was acaln by her side and
pallantly accompanied her aboard the
Oakland localand saw her safely to her
destination. It developed later that Miss
Hopper's escort was young Elkins, who
Is strongly suspected of having prear
ranged the meeting at Portland.
Since their arrival here little has been
Feen of Elkins except when Miss Hopper
crosses the bay on business engagements
with her attorney. While 'she and Judge
Coyne are deliberating over, their legal
problems Elkins may be seen quietly
whillr.s a way . the time. In some other
quarter of the city or hastening "to his
apartments at the restaurant.
In fact, it is. understood, and The Call
has ample "authftrlty ' f6r the assertion,
that " their betrothal* is ;certaln to follow
the first assurance that the younger El
kins receives from his father of parental
condonation for, his matrimonial step.
That he wil! receive this assurance^ is
only- a matter ' of "hope and speculation
with the younc lovers, for already the
elder Elkms has sternly emphasized his
objections- to the matrimonial alliance,
ar.d is even now Ignorant of his son's
presence In San Francisco.
LOVERS MEET IN PORTLAND.
<ithcr places of social resort, and yet his j
presence did not become generally known j
until yesterday. His temporary abode Is |
. !c—al reetaurirnt. where, however, he j
Fperrds very llttJe time, for he is devoted •
i» th« obje-c.t cf his affection and he is |
rften across the bay at the country resi- J
<Jrnc« of the pretty actress and hriress.
That young Elkins ts determined to wed •
JJlss Hcpper and that she .!s willing to i
Hccept the name and ccrnDanionshio he '
offers no nr.e who has enjoyed the com- j
;>a!y of. the young couple will gainsay.
i:i the courts of British Columbia, for a
«=har© of the millions left by. the late Al
exander Dtir.smulr.
He has l>een here for the past five days,
\ frecucnter of. the Palace Hotel and I
S\TEPHKN EUCJNS Jit., son of the]
I'nlted States Cenatrsr and muJti--l
diliicnaire. js again in San Fran- j
cisco to press his euit fer the hand j
cf fair Edna Wallace Hopper, the j
\ DU8S California actress, who is battling j
PRETTY AND TALENTED ACTRESS WHOSE CHARMS HAVE LED AN*
EAGER WOOER FROM THE EAST TO CROSS THE CONTINENT TO
'PliESS HIS SUIT FOR HER HAND. \ ' ,
ELKINS' SON LAYS SIEGE
TO FAIR ACTRESS' HEART
THJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL^r^UKDAY; JULY 26; >1903;
29
' ¦ -ADVEBTISEMENTo.- ,J ¦:..,•• ; .•
Perspiration —"svrcat" is what the: Bible and we common people call
it— is a way nature has of driving out .of the body refuse that .has. not.
business there. " We'sweat moire *in summer, because, in the over--'
heated bowels, undigested food ferments more quickly than;iri \nntcr.
and produces irritating, acids and .gases. "The bowels', overworked,; try >
to relieve themselves by yiolent 1 convulsions," causing terrible gripes %
'•' ' *sJ&6/&>^ ' ' an(^ co^ c!s » anc^ diarrh'oeal discharges 50 . j
; - ¦ ¦¦¦ /i^^K^^^— acid as to make .you sore, and. leaving
.^/^^*^^^^^ the intestines weak and'v/orn dut.' Na-
1 }1^^k^'<^^^^^^P' iurc assists body-cleaning by..
Jfa^iw <^^^. ' —^ sending "the" filth ou't'tHrough
&jfc/Rh*l£&WBl&//h the p° rcs of thc- skin - Jt i5 n6t
p 0 /a/jF^S///' safe to stop perspiring alt6;- : .
I rii/Yi\-J&-**®$plll'/i t gether but most of the impure^
¦'/- *\l]} 9s 'sjst\ t9jll ¦ I III 1 matter should be sent : out by.
\\ k *td ft* *^\ i *Wll nil/Ill the natural movemehts bf : ihe'.'.
X \ iiVJ-^il ,? Mil II I bowelsliana?.theroHensive,:in-v
\ I Wt>*^^*+Jm\ I ' I smellin 5» linen-staining sweat
X^'t-''$'\^A.&J&5ffl]ll/lilll/ done away with. Kcep'your ;
; /^4i^ Ja j ' - \?^i^BSm ' ¦ ' A bowels strong all summer with
•^J^fl L**^^^^tI?^ i^ A&k. the pleasant, candy cathartic .-
CASCARETS.-that.clean^.the
J&PSs$££S^ system and don't allow the ex-
V^^^l wW^vlJ^^mm crement to be sweated out'
ifl >^ W X** *"*• fiv^^ tablet every night, before, go- "-
1(1 >^7' ©iHW ing 'to. bed. ' They work whilci.
1 • .,• .."¦ "*• ,B\ \j] ," vou 'sleep and make you feel-
> *-\~ % ' : -' ' i- ::z ¦ '"^ *-. Best far the • Bowels. % All dra'ttrists,' ice,' ije. 30c.' Neret . In.boiv. ',
itVOi£ZVl^LEi .The cenuinc tablet- stamped C C C. ¦ Guarantee* to cur« or your..
VWt&*ZAMVy&2 moae y back. Sample »nd bookie: free. Address >• • , ' . ,.
m\7B rsaf *^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New Yor" . **"!-,
Uttd by American Phytieiant neartv «> vears.
-Cleans and settles the ftomach. kerps the
bowels free, the liver active; it *uis
; digestion- and. is"" good for children, too;.
¦ ' G Or . an A • I . it DruzgiiU o r by tn*il from
rWF TARftANT CO.. 51 Jav S«r««f. NtwYofV
If Bilious
Shown to Be Absolutely False by
Modern Science. .
People used to think that baldness was
one of thpse things which are 'handed
down from generation to generation, from
father to son— Just like a family heirloom.
i Science has shown the falseness of this
belief by proving that baldness Itself is
not a constitutional disease, but the result
of a germ Invasion, of which only Herpi-
cide can effectually rid the scalp.
Washing only cleans the scalp of dan-
druff: it doesn't kill the germs. .
Destroy ' the cause, you remove the ef-
fect."
Newbro's Herpicide will do this in every
case. It Is also a delightful dressing.
Sold by leading druggists; Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
AN OLD IDEA
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
" WITHOUT A PARALLEL
JZ3 Physicians Baffled for 6 Years by
c a Case That a Change in Food
Cured in 6 Week*.
There is almost miraculous power in
a; chance of food If the right food be J
.raV.cn en.
A cane f*id to be without parallel is
'<~.fct cd a paralyzed and dumb child whom
sweaty-three different doctors were pur-
r.lcd over, yet who recovered h!« speech
in-two weeks and finally grot entirely well .
by using the scientific food Grape-Nuts.
Thie child's another was asked to tell
about tbe case, and eaid: "Six years ago
without a moment's warning my boy
went off Into convulsion^. He had three
the first day, and for nearly six years he
had frora thr«e to sixty spasms a day,
all of vcrv short duration but very se-
vere. He lost his speech entirely and
loft the use cf his Ices and arms, also
<f hi? nerve centers, being paralyzed, so
that he was perfectly bcJpless and dumb.
1 fed htm with a teaspoon and we had
him treated by physicians in many of
the larse cities throughout the country
without being able to get any. help at all.
"16 nil twenty-three different physicians
fjtatalned and treated my boy' and all
I ronouncea his cz»e without parallel In
medical history, so far as they knew, and
beyond lim re*ch of metiieal science. His
Jbowels never moved without physic, go-
ing q« long as three weeks. His lower
bowel*. cc--:ld. not handle food the least
bit etarchy.
"He did not sum to have a disease of
t,ny kind, and as the physicians were all
baffled I «J1«1 not know what to do. and
we gave \ip hope. The doctors said his
nerves and brain were affected and poor
circulation and eerebrosplnal irritation
caused his convulsions. Tie had as h!{?n
uti 2M convulsions in two weeks, as many
doctors ra«i trsttfy.
"New comes the wonderful part of tne
talc, for he" had not taken Grape-Nuts
.,nc- w«k whfn his bowels moved and
in*!dc of two wp*ks he began to talk,
only hi Ing able- to say words of; one syl--
c lab!e at first. !n elx weeks be has im-
l>roved beyond comprehension and nl8
<.*-<• which ha* astounded so many phy-
cician*. hat <cmpletely yielded to the
pure food arape-Nuu. We lost nearly
evrxyxMxm t-xperimentinR with different
physicians and specialists, but I shall
•hive to have Grape-Nuts for m,y. boy If
! have to bee It." Name Riven by Pos-
liim *"?«.. 6attle Cr*>ek, Mich.
The bowt of the wronc food to da
iiartn «nd the power of tne pure food to
-tire- 3re realized bj- very few i>*o?>.
Th»- 'power cf Grape-Nuta ts proved nv
trial.--^.^.^s,-:
S*-jK.f«r partffwlars by mail, of -exten-.
•ion -of time on lh<* 17509 cooks' contesi
tet 72 money prizes
JOE ROSENBERG'S/ | JOE^ ROSENBERfj'S^ ; | t JOE ROSENBERO'S. , ' | \ JOE ROSENBERG'S.
START A HQSIEJ^' JfS^^ lAE&IES ft OSE 1
1 THESE LADIES' HOSE ARE BETTER THAN I -^«( /^^^^Sc^^l \ lllK PAIRS OF MANUFACTURERS* SAM- §
i the general run of Hosiery. The manu- V^L^J| I \ W»^^^^71lV\^^ ; I Wff v""v PLES of Ladles* Hose, all fast black, |
factarer takes orders on these, and "•¦of -' _ :'."' < i^^^ft\ftV\\ ;":V^^^w^^^^f J^iv^ •" Ih^jiW r Hermsdorf dye, made of cotton, English thread, |
course he tries to have them better than \^^}|V^V W^B^HfflR?^^ /Ml French lisle and South Sea Island cotton; some
his regular goods. The samples are pzr- ;r A^^^^SB®^' / it/ Richelieu ribbed, fancy ribbed, lace bottoms; also
feet in f;t, finish and wearing qualities. If you would A^, : " x-V^^^^Sii! /' ffl all-over lace effect; some white soles, fancy colors, light
pay three times or four times the price we ask, you : '^^^^S^^m^^ t0 PS arid black bottoms; no two pair alike. The greatest
could not get a better hose. Your 'choice -of these i: J2^ selection you ever saw on any bargain counter. Early
40c> 50c and 75c hose, as long as they last, O Qp' . blrd ? cts f (rst 'jgrabV" 1 Not a pair worth lessth'an OQp
at the low price of -..'.. - — .... v »€/ir - *=xz^&^ 40c, and some as high as 75c. Sample price &\J\*
The N6W Sanitary Hair Binder. From Our Own, Mactas,; [reduced : You Take No Chances Here When Cheapness and Good Quality Are"?
S bideSin^tSiiUitSS. - 1 M Buying Corsets, > • Here Gombmed. i \
j&V T?Si away with the thread or factory and ]coep &£//? y^AgC&?£% night in the face QT an advancing WF Mtvr a SPFriAl TY nr FITTINr -rv If von aro lnoldnsr fnr
clean, healthful and easily months, we. art^ / K^^pW^y any charitable motives. It S a COld aO&J RELIEF FOR STOUT \^¥^f^S, ' we are sure that you will
a^j5^ M cu a r^\he d< ha^fr^ n bec O o ft rn! r^?^a if Sa"- I»W business proposition. Goods that ( N 8 WAI \ll^^/llT^%^
ISiS^rtt'Si'ffirSSe^d "Hereareafewi^^^f.. S^uld have been SOldjn^ay and CORpE^^^the^only *^ ./^ETA * «, J
and clasping It with the binder. It Is examples of our v^^Eg?^ June, OP account of weather C0nd(- , that positively reduces lJZ h ifdth fSirflv?" inches 1
made of very best highly polished Italian selling, and .we _¦. ¦ • .* ;, ' ::\*; n ' n^ nrn' \till in nun fiinrk nnrl % the abdomen, relieves those who- ere- r*" 1 *^. -wide ihe Akmo to.^'1-
shell, good strong clasps and brnooth. have many more nT?AwlPWQ V. ¦* ?^. f WI m Our StOCk, and * physically we * ak; glves a graceful figure. none : be u er 45 jflHkf bltt?. ret I*
well-roundM teeth. A small but very LADIES DRAWERS. there IS Only One Way to mOVO them and assures a perfect fitting dress All cardinal, n lie, also black and white In2 i
usefulartlcle :' 1Oc Jf •»ffl«»" &*««™ <°ur- —CUT THEPBICE. Thatiswhat " S f »SS a&" 8 c5""lS:.:^-^^^-¥o^l.^, o « |.^
RatS * " '• ' \S lnch cambrlc flounce> finished. Q a/tg doing ' we positively will not justing. •- . ¦¦'"¦*.'¦ •vv*-— .....»....»«c .n
lt Th V^Letf£ d^il :7 $&M?&Mi£Mlii l^^l^^lSf^ ' More Good Riblfons at CowJ^rces. jj
itary hair; good large pun. isow..iiic t9¥ta LADIES CUKbliir- COVERS : x n ../.ii.. • • • Hnm^n inrmKn* a. 'hollow In which- it «itt v TirrrTi' dtddov _^^»v -v-
SILK MEDALLIONS for dress trim- W -Made of colored lawn, high to another, .; \^ n iJ^^ly\^L^^St£ so^UM 3 A |22SP\S™ ? n°w' oSJnio^k
ming. In star anchor and crescent de- /[ " e °> k \ 1^ ng onv£r % °?' 1 ' fl *"?£' " ill ft,— T..*I/!«« : derneath. The .straps having a down- • hemstitched pattern.- /hjirt T Iflster;. lii
signs. Very latest for waist or dres« <l .lust r er wa tetl- In Xl MMW lUGK^g. - . tendency, following the outllne^oj^ bIack and white;. -;trkvcl?the city over :
trimmings. Now , ..>c P ece|-^ w «^ e 8 °» 1^ n *SS 8 viS-flofe Made of. fine lawn.full 20. Inches wide. • form - Prlce -. - g?¥JS S?& yOU cannot < e^ «"*« &)*$*
A Slender Purse Will Give a Lively S8S .^.^^:: p^..^..^:.^ S2^g|^^gt|?p^ ; . La Grecque Corset; : - \, '. -:'-^rvjp';^
Account- of Itself Here Is Money Worth Saving? . • '•¦ . 'Embroideries. ! '^^K nk™2& fa • r i LL mx^Sm^m^i
Thic WaoV r* u ' ? 5 J '-rv, « « I a? I extra strong ' twilled couttl. .. 77 paca finish, corded edge, satin dSinond i
InlS VlCCft. If so here is your opportunity to save The very, finest- made— on. -..•_: aluminoid boning, which is plf^ X,j>» . effects, width No. 9,- full 1^ inches wide;
t iniFR' WRIST or chMN'bag- it in LACES. W e are overstocked. ¦ nainsook and cambric, this • 7\ ,W ' able but unbreakable: ribbon*- ra^T In red. pinJt, b!ue.-,Now ......5 C 1
m t A . «?.nft wiirL Skin Miro lined' BLACK WOOL YAK LACE, full 6 . season's -.newest .patterns. ,. >4^ .tape effects in different -com- , wW ' > ; NOTE:- '- , .- |
«1m stroni Will f«me a'nd chain! lnch?s Grecian and scroll de- Jom four to twelve inches UfZ&\ blnatlon-of colors, which' pre-^J^i We clean glove* b>-^ dry process and I
Pnrketbookirside Price 5Oc slgns< new l00 P- buttonhole edge, the w|dc. W&ttfltJ i vent the corset from stretch- J'>/ make them look as good as new. Gtaves 1
Pocketbook inside, i rice oUC , atcJJt for drcsg trlmm ing. Our price 30c and 40c qual., noTv.JOc E^gj.fj*' ling. It is cut low "at the top Mj\ , brought any mornin| will Be" ready by'lo ¦
fin and (Iff lr>c JS2 bh & SSw'SliS or front . steel, medium ..low -V> o'clock the following morning. Price, f^e B-
UU anU Ulli NORMANDY O\l VALENCIENNES -we -ind b^c qual., now.4Oe around the top-It will be - H
* 16 vP5S?JS?h IB i5^ s c s h -d^oS'^S^ r&^^W Andothc "'. f u , .;. .{gs-fcrs^oraaiff.ysaa,- Nurses'. Aprons; ,: ; .;:-i1
jL Se^aVBUb.e"and a wa 8 hrble. will be sold «t : ....lOc yard % PUSSy'.S WfilSkBrS '' «^ m e; «V 1
,<£*) Made of fine Nainsook, filled . ,. , p n .. . Are made of fin© illusion, or & atore -Price *1 SO made of extra strong white K - |
ml . 1 Gown _ sSSSS wS^-^**i^ 11 K« |^ 1
#* E°' !S.^~.:~SSS a -S" »VK-K k 4a"'j $W? sSlKa W p Find That We Are Overstocked ffiaJTB^" ®s£ «K W\ I
V SlZC . - • trimmed with four row» ; of V vJ=55Sf : at th^Sm^h Store wHh tne «B "110 11181 If B MlB UVBlblUblWU birthplace of low pricesw..25c
YouUould Hot Wish for Better *£ML ««^ji^I ,» r ,.™. e <Sa:fS in Ladies 1 Knitted Underwear " Maria Antoinafte "the NaW : I
ValuesThan These in Ladies' »;i'Hr3: A Great Many People Have Had A- ¦ J& tt -%,s^~ MarM 8
and Gents' Handkerchiefs. wJimf ffl c °r " M - our '"%?;* ¦¦-' Their Country Vacations, . '¦ w ¦ £*.Z« E £ .™lrkSH " . i^<*.th.'«ih«%red-in.>^n.|
,r » »-T->Tj-trT> . t a r^Tvro-'^ Vu uV'tV-' ' o'^'t-t't Oibm bm rninir Vw tt, nM ™h« !.„„. S\ lace ,yoke, made of .English ing fashion. Made of imported hatr- G
l^ADIKS HANDKER- . LADIES WHITh PETTI- miners are going:. l< Or tflOSe WHO have ./^JV IV . iY>r*>xr1 Rinhpllpu and I(»r- r-lnth nn rvh1«»fttnrn»Sl« -. matoHal flt« H
CHIEFS -3 in a bunch. -. COATS, made of Lonsdale cambric, cut Jft .to go. here is a SUMMER SKIRT ¦ /TSsBi\ «v ribbed of S^ ' snuclv Ground^ £a*st ? - o^ ! 'outo In 8
hemctitchedr lace and era- JB& bell-shape. 11-lnch flounce, trimmed with at an extra low price-Made of- Imported / /$K*H\ Ifondav and^Tuesday's w^fht an? Hcht Tn nrlce Ounc «J"E
bro?dery trimmed. Now... fft double row-of Valenciennes lace Inaer- Po ka Dotted Duck; black, with white / /\V$f \ S , " Tuesd -, a 2^ s . wet 6ht and light in price............ .uC H
D ° 15c >£. tlon. flnishea with a tucked ruffle and polka dots: trimmed with two black bias 'A^Kl/ P r , nir^"'v^t' Hiih Tli!*. 1ARII D« ()„, D..»,, U>i«i< 3
'"'~ ~^ /VT^ Valenciennes lace, lace and cambric will folds.in new military effect; in generous 1 lliS W 1 08 UUT BUSY WSSXi M
At 5 CentS n cost you ™° rc thaa.we ask for-the skirt widths and all -lengths; tit and hang as * * -"^VSSFifiS^«?t«l? $Z£* Mil i nw ««« w,,, V, re ,1 In U
2 %ZJ S M I , AN ? K E E oo i d- (D >«y C ° mPlete £ ¦•-••••••••••-••:"•; :-*1.35 n sh p ° r » c d es The Small Store with the Tlhhed^ oft iT^l^^T^nt. ° UR J^ M/ ??dS" CO^T I
CHIEFS - Made of good £2LJL^ salo OTorraU-Street Entrance.. . &mau -"ices .-Sl.Jo instead ? of 60c, reduced to :S5e £?&& - made of fast Wack net?: ¦
white HJr^olSS'bortS . _ QO , i rf f a, rp' Pants to match .ankle length. French .'J^i Sg^tf ffllLSof k eflSS ¦
fl,i wWh and more than "^ QllT BllVPT IS Oil thfi VVSV ESSt 30 " 'noiedQ 01 OliOUi band. Instead, of &0c; now ...V....^ae. -:*BBSS?K trirdmed with a wide grad- 1
even exchange for ' you? UUfDUyBf 16 UU .liiU Ifdy t(3bl, . ' KCfOKOMY LIKE VhVr. t LADIES' .VEST-Made of- * the " besf. .^BH 4 ? • uated '. accordion pleated |
mrfnV- ......,*»« anHWo HavP Rroatlv Rpfllirad fllir «l2& ITY BEGINS AT HOW ¦•iuahtyof-Vc-gat3ilk.lowneckand.no <$S^Ok f.ounce ar.d finished with a H
?Anip«i'''-HANDKERCHiEF&lMade *"" ¦ " - ¦•' nBDUCBB UU[ «?«. J VhenJt extends elsewhere sleeves, back and front yoke of lace. narrow ruffle; ¦ made lib- E
stitching, now loc :$4, $5 and $6 Waists :Now;:S3i98.,.i./MM : *%*Jg^ a X et^mEs : £u&&s£0Z£&&&& I
Reli8f fo i **£** m % -°^yi:BS. 10 J s^^s! .: iSHill Si ; pl^^^S 1
I StrflTP flhnnmP.n » /- ¦¦ J»SL sleeve- fancy tucked -^ front. ..; • ¦ v fls t s tvlcs« <letachablo collar ¦•-. LADIES fc COrBINATIOIS SX,ITS.. sateen, .trimmed. w4th an Jl-lnch.ffodnce. 0
UI&B HUUUHIOH. -. -ff&ts trimmed Scrb^edbu^ of genuine .Alabfima^otton low finished with .» raffle, -tailor stitched R
fNEW MILITARY AB- ffjft ) tonSrncw 'collar, w th tld Tat-- ir lrnmcd Po^rmer ? DrIce^llS"{o ¥ «? neck u norsleeves.-Jinee length, neck and _ Naa folds: wholesaleda. price «2.a down. H
DOMINAL REDUCER and [Wk\ tached; tlght-nttlne lining; ' nnw™ '• ' ' f> n*fe mho}ea t^mmed -with -face" anct Dead- Tne sma ll e st store with the smallest i
SLS?^^ • -------- ? ci
SB^bdrti.SKKVSS l^^^li^Eiff^^^^l^RSl •¦•—-:-" --i"^ Around theSmall Store With Jfta 1
c o , r , 8 p', r !"tn a : >«?-:-*"-^ HTj-FloroiJora Fob and Skirt : small Prices. 3 5#S 1
SEHi'S Get Tied to Thes» " iIC?SSf|£%'!,f ."?I^1 M Lifter. ¦ •/ ¦>m.BSK l !iS..ww |
ate tnese, ana more so uiPir \j$\ | |BU IU IIICOSi ffw-J ,, fcmwii dl 1Ee sa r.ltary hog bristles. M
low price 10c ... ... . ¦*•• , f/ n . .. •- - - - -.-- , • n ' r«n' i/' «ii j ' " w***4l Made of extfa heavy gros- snecial ¦ .- ' l>o H
T,,m fw o Wflu/ 1 flfl f "Ladies 1 Neckwear at % Pnce Now.- Fortuna Dress-Fitting Knitted . ISjf ¦^..yls 11^ 1 .?^ 1 ? 11^ -i^K"HNM«i:"Eniiuh"».Ki
Turn Over a Hew Leaf LADIES . collar and 1OTM :• Rnrset Cover if tWtt^ ii^prSf^S^^'^iVS'Sffirf
And come to the _,.- TIE ATTACHED-Collar UTff&M . UUlbBl UUVBli M^\ pcnsable for ballroom, street rU^^ f - m-TTnvq ' in"rr,'v nr whfrt I
money-savins store. /^*$?%t made of all : silk taffeta F%^i High neck and short sleeves, front and £1*£A, or home. You will appre- ro^A^avv kTTd medium J ard :^ar/e I
Full value for your &£&$$ t &\ tailor stitched; tie made of . L^^^ ; neck 8 lace trimmed, regular pflce 50c. to elate their real value when K^ J kl ' ld - medlum
money or your money M&g^"^ pfped appear! %,' Psi cteout a llmlted q uantlt y- »5« > ou see them '¦¦¦ :^u . TAPE Vj*ASURES.'"«)' 'inches lo££ 1
2^,' S5c and 50c VEILS U^R^— ' stead of 75c now ...... .".r,O«- F 1.1 B ¦- !Tfc £\ JTk V ft I ?T& B~ ITh f\ '" numbers oh both, sides. French make. H
n £B "iK-wM'-t. ,«..< .ff^S&'SSS^rfS- k&A JOF the price-cutter I
plain embroidered borders and scalloped of extra heavy French taf- Wi- i^ VTA^B- I « "-^ *-¦* V^ - . - t 1 *"*"^- ' £*%*• '" sc l;^ • v ?Oc set |
edge; economical women call them ever- feta silk with velvet ribbon, buttons and . Qlft MarLnf Qfi-oot II n'Farroll Qtroor "HOLSEHOLD BOOK AND NEEDLE ft
lasting veils and they are . so easily lace trimmed. In pink, blue, cream. • OIO lYiarKCl OlrCei. II U rarrCII OirCei. .:>.- ; .'CASE, containing four -packages of ¦
washed. A limited quantity will be sold red. white and black. Instead of 75c MATT nwnTTT?<5 QOT^ TCTTT^n needles, bodkins, darning needle. : also ¦
this week for ,- •• lOe and 11.00, reducing stock price 5Oc .. . - .. / , ,MA1L UKUbKb bOUUlbU. ...shawl and i case-. v .,... v: ...,5c^F
\mm inch I
t Sometimes your
UPC** a- mnxi
DR.d.o.josLEN, lafefflsa
TisLudhg . iivc. Every
Bptdalit. move he makes.
. r -1 Indicates . de-
g brain . Is alert, i
¦in hi ¦ mmi an «j* iii s nalnj teems
•with ideas, every nerve- and muscle
nets in harmony with ; his ¦ thought
.and under the control of hla, brain. •
He Is. In truth, a MAN.
Such a man- has perfect health and
you can figure truly that "the ills so
common to his' sesi- do not trouble
him. .It. Is Ju«t:'such' men that I
¦•build up from -the shattered patients
that come to tne for treatment.. . •¦
I" have '.learned' Mo T-cure men 'by
study and by experience.' Hlxteen.
' years of successful practlca hare per-
fected my-methottB so that a eyre Is
a certainty. 1 have devised new and
aclentlflc ' methods of 'treating every
phase of men's diseases, and can <>f- ,
feet permanent cures where others
fall. There Is no pofslbllity of fail-
ure and noptln. I follow Nature'*'
plan of recuperation, aldins the
natural force* by my own original
. methods. ' , . .
ffAUTIiESS, PBOHPT AHD
THOROUGH. .
My treatment for "Weakness" '
strikes directly at tho seat ot'the dis-
order and is local in IU application.
Under thousands, of tesjs, many. Bi- .'
' vere, it has proven lta efficiency and
", its scientific value. Where . others
fall. or only partially restore, I se-
cure complete and permanent cures.'
', The prostate eland ri« brought to. It*
normal condition and the entire or- .
ganlc system.bulUuD. The; conges-
tion la> removed and health comes
back quickly and- for. all JUme.
I TSEAT MEH OTStl.1,
And* X am always willing- to wait '
• lor my fee until a cure is
effected.,' : ;?¦;''.
Writ* for my tree, pamphlet, '.'Uvf
All Your \Vears.' a • Man. '.'..: ..Coasulta-
.tlon free at office or by mail. , /
nARKETMi kEARNYSTS
Private Entrance 7(JS Market St.
fflj^mjr^^"VflrfQfWVFishermen In and around Gloucester,
Maxs., are firmly of opinion that Rudyard
Kipling ha» "the evil eye." He -'wrote, a
book about them some years ago, and
named twenty fishing boats therein. Ev
ery one of these boats has met with dis
aster, the last two having foundered in
a recent Kale.
Special Information supplied* daily to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia atreet. Telephone Main 1012. ••¦•--
Tovmsend'a California glace frulta and
candles.- 60c a pound, in artistic fir*.
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bldg. •
>•"— *^ OMPLETE reports of the" Immigration Bureau for the fiscal year ending with June show
/ that the total number of immigrants for that period amounted to 921,315, exceeding the
1 j immigration of the previous year by upward vof 200,000 and breaking all records of for-
mer years. Of the entire number who applied only 8769 were debarred under the law
from landing, showing tha't the steamship companies have been more careful in excluding undesirable
immigrants, or else that they have found a means of evading the law with more success than for
merly.
Students, of the immigration problem are convinced that while the prosperity of the United
States and the high rate of wages that prevails here are direct inducements to a large immigration,
yet they do not by any means account for the .whole of it. It is noted that a considerable percentage
of the newcomers are from parts of Europe where but little understanding is had of American con-'
ditions and where the people are not inclined,* to venture .upon a hazard' of new fortunes of their
own motion. Such immigrants come because of urging by outsiders and are not in any sense enter
prising or progressive people seeking to better their conditions, but merely discontented and unset
tled persons who are easily persuaded by others to do anything or go anywhere for a change.
It- is asserted that those who are chiefly responsible for the discontented immigration are 'the
agents of the large steamship companies. One report says: "A careful investigation of the meth
ods pursued by these companies is 'now being made, under the direction of Commissioner General
Sargent, by special agents of the Immigration Bureau traveling in Europe for that purpose. The re-'
ports of these, agents show that the sections of Europe mentioned are completely honeycombed with;
a system of secret agents of the steamship companies: Emigration is induced by flattering descrip
tions of. the United States, both printed and oral. Thelaws of the countries themselves are evaded
for this purpose. In many . cases priests, preachers, school-teachers and even magi strates and police
officers are the paid agents of the transportation "companies."
That sort of immigration is by no means desirable, and it is pleasing- to learn that the Govern
ment is to make determined efforts to put a stop to it. ' It is all well enough for steamship companies
to employ- enterprising agents to wor£ diligeii^y to get business and passengers for thei r T lines, but
nevertheless we do not wish to be made victims of their zeal: Immigration at the rate of nearly a
million people a year may be flattering to our country, but there arc some kinds of flattery' we can af
ford to forego for a while. .. £ * ¦ "*, ¦• :¦ '•' '/-.-".•'
IMMIGRATION PROMOTERS
AVAUTIER - DUFANE, who
has long been experimenting
in the telephotographic field
and gradually approaching
• ideal practical results, eeems
to achieved his aim.
With the assistance of the Geneva as
tronomer.' Scheer, he has succeeded in
constructing a machine or instrument
which has given some marvelous results
and he is now engaged in constructing
another from which still better work is
confidently expected.
The following description of the instru
ment, with illustrations of telephotlc re
sults already obtained, taken from the
Scientific American, will prove of very
general Interest:
The apparatus Is 40 centimeters in
length, the diameter of the" objective be
ing 0.10 centimeters and the focal length
1.20 meters. It is hoped to obtain go-xl
instantaneous photographs with ex
posures ranging between 1-200 and 1-5M
second. The same apparatus may be
used to take ordinary photographs with
an objective 0.25 meters in focal distance.
The following advantages are claimed
for this Ingenious device, as compared
with tde-objectlves: Greater intensity,
better definition, higher magnification ana
an easier adjustment. As regards the
neatness of images, the views presented
before the members of the congress were
perfectly sharp as far as the edges of
the field of view. Twelve-fold magnifica
tions were obtained, without the appara
tus ceasing to be portable.
The scheme of the apparatus, as con
structed by Messrs. Boissonnas & Co.,
(Ltd.). Geneva, Switzerland, is shown in
the diagram. The rays emerging from
the objective A will strike the plane mir
ror B, by which they are reflected on the
second mirror C, to be conveyed after an
other reflection to the photograpmcal
plate placed at D. By substituting for
the long distance objective an ordinary
ome (with a focal distance of 20 or 30 cm.),
ihe apparatus may be made to sert'e for
ordinary photographs. The. "Telephot"
may, moreover, be, at a moment's notice,
converted into a terrestrial or astronomi
cal telescope.
Our Illustrations show the principle of
the apparatus as well as some photo
graphs taken with it.
Telephotography in Its new form is
likely to prove useful both for scienUfic
tnd industrial purposes, as well as in
warfare. The physicist will be able to
photograph any phenomenon visible at
the extreme horizon, such as mirages,
etc.. as well as those which ho could not
ipproach himself without danger, such
it, for instance, volcanic eruptions. The
naturalist may now safely observe wild
animals and photograph them from a dis
tance. The amateur astronomer will be
in a portion to take splendid views of the
principal heavenly bodies. The explorer
of Arctic regions will observe, by means
of the "Telephot." distant and inacces
sible points. Archaeologists and archi
tects will use the apparatus to fix on the
photographic plate buildings and monu
ments too distant to be taken with an
ordinary apparatus. Military and naval
officers will be able to observe and to
study the movements ez. the enemy (the
apparatus may # in fact be well used as
a telescope); finally, all topographical
measurements will highly profit by this
ingenious apparatus.
, • ? •
In addition to * the two great canals
which are likely to be built on the Ameri
can continent at Panama and between
the Great Lakes and tne Hudson River,
there is now under consideration, with
the approval of the British Government, a
scheme for building a ship canal through
Scotland, from the Firth of Forth to the.
Clyde, at an estimated cost of $50,000,000.
This is not the first time that the idea
has been mooted. The favorable topog
raphy .of the country between the two
great efstuarics, coupled with the great
advantages commercial and military,
to be secured by cutting this water
way, ha*,', naturally attracted the at
tention 'both;; of the British Govern
ment, which, has licked at the soIicjsu?
from ' the v view ; point of its great
strategic advantages, and of the capi
talist, who pias always . been fully alive
to the ' commercial facilities afforded by
such a short cut from the North Sea to
the Atlantic as would be provided by a
Forth^Clyde canal. The British admiral
ty Is now constructing a great naval base
•on the Firth of Forth for the use of the
North Sea fleet, and the cutting of the
canal would at once double the strategic
¦value of this base, since it would enable
the fleet to reach the Atlantic by steam
ing a distance of only forty miles. Com
mercially, the canal would be valuable
as opening up a direct route from the
North Sea To Canadian and New England
ports. ,
We have heard of many novel uses to
which the overhead carrier system has
been put, but probably the most ingenious
of them all is that of a St. Louis hard
ware merchant, who moved the greater
part of his stock from one store to.an
other, which was located on the other
side of the street, almost directly oppo
site. A. steel 'cable V& inches thick and
tested for 600 pounds, was thrown across
the street from the window of one es
tablishment to the other, . a span of
eighty-one feet. On'thhs there was strung
a steel box and as the goods were taken
from the. shelves In one establishment
they were placed in boxes and marked.
These were loaded In the cage. Gravity
carried the load across the street, and
the box was brought back by the aid of
a hand windlass. The steel box made a
round trip every minute and the" daily av
erage was 500 per day. The average load
was 300 pounds. In this manner all the
shelf goods were handled and the opera
tion was performed without the slightest
confusion, the goods practically going di
rect from their. place in the old store to
their permanent location Jn the new es
tablishment, rhskbsrew
DIAGRAM SHOWING THE SCHEME OF THE NEW. TELEPHOTO
GRAPHIC APPARATUS AND TWO PICTURES WHICH .ILLUSTRATE
THE WONDERFUL RESULTS OBTAINED BY ITS USE.
RECENTLY there were submitted to the Board .of Estimate and Apportionment of New
York City a number of plans for public buildings in and around City Hall Park whose cbst
in the aggregate will approximate $5O,ooo,ooq. ; It is not the intention of the. city authori
ties to expend all that money at once. Jn fact, the cost of the structures to be undertaken
immediately/will not exceed $10,000,000. The object of plans for the whole series of
structures is that of for the future so that the buildings now to be undertaken may be
used as the beginning of a grand scheme of improvements which when^ompleted will result in a group
of architectural masses unsurpassed in the world. '
The New York Times in describing the plans says: "Under the general proposition the City
Hall park will be cleared of eveiy building except the Cify- Hall Itself, which will be used by the
Mayor alone as an office, the rest of the building to be employed for museum purposes. The park
will be extended to Ann street on the south, while across Chambers^street on the north it is planned
to construct an elaborate granite stairway and portico. At the bridge terminal, for the use of city
offices, it is proposed to construct a campanile rising forty-five stories in height, and to dwarf such
structures as the present Park Row, building. Commissioner Lindenthal suggests that the general
scheme, if carried out in its entirety, will create a square larger and far more artistic than Trafalgar
square, in London; the Place de la Concorde, in Paris; the Schloss platz, in Berlin, or the Rathhaus
The presentation of such a plan carefully worked out by a commission appointed by the city
and employing the services of able architects and artists is an evidence of the growing esthetic sense
of the American people. It is not in New York only that Americans are devising grand schemes
and plans for the improvement of their cities, nor is the work left to public authorities. Private en
terprise has been quick to see the advantage of grouping notable structures around some; central
square or other point of vantage, and as a result the appearance of our cities is undergoing a rapid
change for the better. The New York plan of preparing ahead for future buildings when under
taking any notable work at present is a good one, and is by no means confined to that city. In fact,
the whole country is moving forward, and in a time not far distant students of architecture will come
to America from Europe, instead of going from here there, to see the best the wdrld has to show in
the wav of stately edifices.- . :
Mrs. Harriet Prescott Spofford. author
of "A Scarlet Poppy and Other Stories"
and of many contributions to the Har
per and other periodicals, is in London,
where she expects to remain throughout
the season. Mrs. Spofford Is a relative
of Prescott, the historian. Her own work
ha3 been confined almost entirely to fic
tion and poetry.
Charles H. Haswell, author of the fa
mous "Mechanics' Pocketbook." who was
recently described as "a lively boy of
95." is now the oldest living member of
the Volunteer Fire Department of New
York City, which he joined in 1?2S. Even
so far back as that he was old enough
to follow the business of a professional
accountant. He i.i still employed by the
city of New York as a consulting engi
neer. He makes frecuent visits to his
publishers, the Harpers, who have re
cently Issued the sixty-ninth edition of
his "Pocketbook."
for information concerning the work Mr.
Riis wrote: "What can I say about th*
Roosevelt material except that It will
deal with Mr. Roosevelt as a cUizcn. and
as a friend from the standpoint of a
friend? I am busy gathering the material
now. but it Is not easy, because of th«
people I wr.nt to reach being scattered
here and thcr*. However. I shall get what
I want. It will be my summfr work. I
shall do nothing else except keep up the
war to reform the House of Refuge.'*
Large deposits of stone suitable for lith
ographic purposes have been discovered
and opened in Thessaly. Greek experts
report that this stone is far superior in
quality to the best, lithographic stone
heretofore known in Europe.
• . * •
Two rival publishers, who have under
taken and advertised new and complete
editions of the work of Charles Lamb,
will be rather chagrined when they dis
cover that their "complete" editions, 1
though comprising much hitherto unpub
lished matter, are not by any means com
plete. John Holllngshead. who, perhaps,
knows more about Lamb than anybody
else, has had a long time in his possession
some interesting letters, which tell the
story of . the most interesting period of
Lamb' life.
It is. in fact, quite a romance. Of
course, nearly everybody knows Lamb
had a disappointment in love and never
married. The lady, to whom he offered
marriage was Frances j Kelly, a distin
guished actress.- At 'the time, says Mr.
Holllngshead. they were near neighbours.
Lamb living with his sister at 20 Russell
street, Covent Garden, and Miss Kelly
living opposite. Lamb's offer of marriage,
which Mr. Hollingshead possesses, covers
a long letter, which, according to Mr. Hol
lingshead; was the noblest aqd most dig
nified letter he ever wrote.
A firm but kind and delicate " refusal
was returned, to which Lamb replied in
a short letter showing that he had antlci
pated the disappointment, but felt It deep
ly. . These letters arc to be printed In fac
simile in a magazine shortly.
Thus another romance, hidden away for
so many years, will be*lald bare.
I am told that George Gissing's new
novel will be published in the late . au
tumn. It Is entitled "Will Warburton,"
and is. I believe a domestic story in the
lighter vein of that author's work. I am
sorry to say, however, that Mr.". Glssing\4
health Is causing a little anxiety among
his friends. He had consented to deliver
two lectures on Dickens before the Royal
Institution, but has been constrained to
give up the Engagement, owing to the
state of his health.'
• Some interesting statistics of. the book
trade are published by the Author, show-
Ing imports and exports during the last
five years..
From these it seems that, more than
half of the exports in books have been to
tl.e United States, Germany coming sec
ond, and, strange to say, Japan is third.
The death of Max O'Rell also created
an increased demand not only for his
latest work, "Rambles in Womanland,"
but for his earlier books.
With these exceptions the publishers
and booksellers seem to have been doing
very. Door business.
The new volumes in six shilling fiction
were bv no means numerous. The two
productions which did the best were "In
the Guardianship of God" and "A Pitcher
in Paradise."
Publishers have finished taking stock of
their business, which they havo been do
ins during the last month. The results
are both interesting and instructive.
/The fluctuations of the preceding month
were followed by a period of persistent
slackness, which proved very trying and
they are complaining very much of the
limited sales effected. Only ,a few re
deeming features have jylieved the
tedium. One was the issuance of the new
letters and memorials of Jane Welsh
Carlylc. which book was very much in
request. .
This was followed by the late J. A.
Froude's "My Relations with Carlyle,"
both editions of which were very quickly
exhausted.
upon Anthony Hope the other
day when he" wedded his American
bride. Miss Elizabeth Sheldon: Edmund
Gosse, a liqueur set; Mrs. Humphry
Ward, a set of Matthew Arnold's poems;
Mr. and Mrs. 'J. M. Barrie, an antique
cabinet: Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Courtney,
a coal box. and the Authors' Society, a
silver punch bowl. .
¦m ONDON, July 26.— It is Interest
i ing to note what literary peo
| pic give literary people In the
S - way of wedding presents. Here
¦MV arc some of the gifts showered
Jacob A. Riis, who has been called by
President . Roosevelt "New York's most
useful citizen." is very .busy just, now in
getting; together material for, his book.
••Theodore " Roosevelt ; the ; Citizen," .which
is to be brought out by the Outlook Com
pany. To a friend who recently asked
American Book Notes
OUR FUTURE CITIES.
POPULAR AUTHOR WHOSE RECENT MARRIAGE WAS THE OCCASION
FOR THE PRESENTATION OF SOME UNUSUAL GIFTS BY SOME OF
HIS LITERARY FRIENDS. V'l ..¦;
QUT of the application of the Southern Pacific Railroad for franchises, in Alameda there
has arisen one of those controversies between municipalities and corporations which in
our time are not unexpected and are perhaps inevitable. If the controversy be carried on
in the right" spirit no harm can conic of it, for it is but just that each side should endeavor
to make the best terms possible for itself; /There is always danger, however, iii matters of this kind
that demagogues will intervene and a simple business proposition be distorted into a senseless, 'an
tagonism .which will work injury all around. It is therefore essential at this juncture to remind the
parties concerned in the present controversy that each side should dismiss demagoguery and threats
and leave the decision of the case to the dictates of common sense.
It may be noted in theifirst place that any declaration on the part of an official of the com
pany that it would refuse to operate a railroad in Alameda unless all its terms arc accepted is unwar
ranted and foolish. The franchises are too valuable and the business too important to the company
to be abandoned merely for the sake of spite or for the purpose of showing power. The city and the
railroad are in need each of the other, and it is as foolish for they railroad to threaten to abandon
the city as it would be for the city to threaten to tear up the tracks and force the railroad out.
On the other-hand, the demand of some of the citizens of Alameda4hat the Trustees shall not
grant a franchise for a term in excess of five years is one of those absurdities which if put into prac
tice will result in a' most serious handicap upon the welfare of the community. It would be tanta
mount to ordering not only the Southern Pacific Company but every other responsible railroad cor
poration out of the city. ; No board of directors of any kind of corporation would invest the money of
their stockholders in an enterprise involving the expenditure of millions of dollars on a franchise that
would expire almost as soon" as the work was completed. A five years' franchise is not sufficient to
justify any railroad company in supplying the service which Alameda needs. That much is known to
every business man in Alameda and out of il and as a consequence the demand for such restrictions
upon the franchise should be set aside summarily.
The issue is one which to a greater or less extent affects the whole State. We cannot afford
to have any considerable community in California take action tending to check the investment of cap
ital in the development of; the resources of the State or the improvement of its transportation facili
ties. We need more railroads and we are likely to get them in the immediate future if we give fair
treatment to the corporations, which alone are capable of supplying them. If we offer inducements
to capital, it will come. If we antagonize it, hamper it, handicap ,it with restrictions which render
profits impossible, or at least' hazardous, it will let us alone. By imposing such terms we shall de
lay our own advancement and force capital to seek Pacific Coast outlets elsewhere, and so promote
our rivals while injuring ourselves.
The Trustees of Alameda owe it to themselves and to their city to act like sagacious men of
business in dealing with the issue. They should offer franchises that are worth something. It *is their
duty under the law to obtain the best terms they can for the city in granting the franchise, and but
little reflection will be needed to show them that a five-year franchise will be so valueless that it can
result in no benefit to the city nor to any one else. Moreover, the issue should be settled promptly. It
is f a matter of business and should be dealt with not only with business-like sagacity, but with busi-
THE ALAMEDA AGITATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 25, 2903.
THE S AN FRANOSGQ GALL.
JOHN D. SPRRmS, Proprietor/ ..-. Vy.vy . .... Address Cc^onications to W; S. LEAKER Manager
SUNDAY '...'I ......;... .... • . • i . .;....;..... ... . . . ? . . . : JULY 26. iqo.7
Publication Office '«&§&&> • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDDING PRESENTS
CHOSEN BY WRITERS
FOR ANTHONY HOPE
INVENTOR O BTAINS
MARVELOUS RESULTS
IN TELEPHOTOGRAPHY
: Despite the fame of Whistler,; it is said*that •riot a single specimen of His ; work is to be found
in any of the public; galleries of London. The fact may be taken as another proof of Whistler's say
ing: "I have received every insult the world could offer. except that of popularity." • ' ; * ¦
30
Specialties
tdvertised bj Responsible Finns of S. F.
U.ETON SCO. I *°*?ra»E
'Formerly of firm of O Lifvw BtkiU Feil-
Cnelgrn & McGutfic^.) P tir^j tud Qviekly
:Bbricatffl|: QILS £, ""maS? 1
!*alnu. Varnithea, Etc. M 1BC WIH8W Bftft Cs*
32 Sacramento 8t- . „ _ ,. _. __
Telephone Bu«h 850. I *»*» rtat Bt., S. T.
..TRUSSES^LASTIC
CLASTIC STOCKINGS STOCKINGS
LbdGmS&a! Supportera, - *** ,T~** "* M
Ctc Abdominal Supporters.
«_, -« Hpepltal Belt*.
itRfltr/ Ort'MOi"*
* uu l fnrnft AtUtties Made to order at the
' factory.
THOS. GINTCEVEIt. *0 Ellin et.
5T1S M&rkct «t.. S. F. JOHN W.HOPEWELL.
Pfcc&r Howard 3093. Rooms 3-4.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOLID OAK EXTENSION TABLE
42-lnch top: polished top: 9 tett.
Kejfular value $S.3a CS Kf|
Special price this w t €k. 0O««J \J '
CASH or CREDIT
Many people have be?n pleased
to find that they fan buy here hy
either plan at the same prtcf . ¦
-=ame service. AVe are complete
home furnishers — hotels, flats or
' country homes. Estimates siven.
Free delivery within HV) mtlea
T.BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO. mg
CHIFFONIER
, l T i^? ~ ¦ '"M»!Sc^^^^~^^^iL ' pricePostmaster Schmidt applied to the Dis
trict Attorney's offlce to-day for a war
rant for the arrest of Mott and Bedgley,
but as International formerly stood in
Contra Costa County, he was referred to
the District Attorney of that county for
further information.
moral to be about 13000 and I won't let up on
them until I have satisfaction.
SACRAMENTO. July 25.— Petitions have
been filed In the Governor's office In favor ol
M. S. Beyers for Judpe of the Superior Court
of Lake County, vice Judge R. W. Crump, de
ceased. Oovernnr Pardee has decided to defer
action until after his return from his vacation.
; Courts of the California Club and
j the Public Courts Are
Thronged.
Some spirited practice matches were
played yesterday on the California Club
tennis courts. Nearly all of the best
players were in attendance ajid the courts
were in great demand.
The best match of the day : was a dou
bles between Dr. McChesney and H. But
ler on one side and Sidney Salisbury and
Frank Stringham on the other. After
losing the first set Butler and McChesney
pulled out the next two by clever net
work. Butler has recently Joined the club
and has made rapid strides. He has an
excellent style and with a little more
practice will be a hard man for any of
the cracks to beat. ;
After an absence of more than two
months from the courts Herbert Schmidt,
the most promising of the younger play
ers, commenced practice yesterday and
was off considerably in his game. He
played a. tie match with Harry Rolfe,
each winning a set. Rolfe has. been prac
ticing constantly of late and consequently
has brought his game up considerably.
His strongest points aro his serve and
back-hand drives. : '.
Dr. Hill and Dr. McChesney finished an
interesting one-set match in ijingles. : It
was by far the longest set cf the day
and finally went to Hill, 10-8. 5
Dr. C. H. Pierce, the champien of Wat
sonville. Joined the club yesterday and in
his first match made a good impression.
In a match with Carl Gardner he lost the
first set, 6-4. He showed to better advan
tage in the second, .taking it by a score
of 6-1. Dr. Pierce is an enthusiastic
player and will undoubtedly progress rap
idly with the good practice he will secure.
He so outclassed the other players at
Wataonvllle that he could get no good
practice, and therefore was unable to im
prove much. • . |
The following matches were played:
Dr. Hill and Dr. McChesney beat Sidney
Salisbury and Carl Gardner. 6-4; Gardner and
McChesney beat Salisbury and Frank String-,
ham, 6-4; R.N. Whitney and C.Koley beat
Stringham and -Gardner. 7-5; Herbert Long
beat Foley, 4-6, 8-3, 6-3. 2-6, 6-3: Horace Mann
beat H. Punnett, fl-3; Leonard Wood beat H."
Averell, 7-5, 2-6. fl-4, 6-3; M. Rosenberg beat
Captain Johnson, 6-1, 6-2: Foley tied E. M.
Twiggs, 6-4, 4-8; Whitney beat FoUy. 6-2, 6-1,
5-C; Herbert Gray heat Dr. Noble, 6-4; H. Oa
brtel beat Little. 6-0, 6-2. 6-0: < A. Ameg-and
8. Smith beat E. P. Robblns and Little. 6-1,
tt.4. «-rt: Wnod and Averell tied Punnett- aad,
The members and friends of the singing
section of the German Society Harmonie
have been notified that the summer outlnjj
this year will be at Ben Lomond in the
Santa Cruz Mountains on Sunday, Sep
tember 5, and the days following, clos
ing on Monday, the 7th, which will bv
Labor day. .
Singers' Summer Outing.
TENNIS PLAYERS MEET
IN SPIRITED MATCHES
SACRAMENTO, July 25.-One hundred
and forty men were laid off.^at the South
ern Pacific railroad shops to-night. It Is
said that the lay-off is indefinite. The men
were not informed why they were dis
charged. •'
One Hundred and Forty Employes of
the Railroad Lose Their
Positions.
MEN ARE DISCHARGED
AT SACRAMENTO SHOPS
The Democratic League Club of the
Thirty-fourth District met last night at
Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and Noe
streets. There was a large attendance.
James McEnerney presided. As a com
mitted to nominate delegates to the mu
nicipal convention Stephen V. Costello,
William" Sieberg. John McDonald. P. F.
Ward, Behrend Joost and W. H. Mulcahy
were chosen. J. E. Kelly, a prominent
Democrat of New York, addressed the
meeting.
Democrats of Thirty-Fourth.
C. Dunlap and G. Janes beat J. B.
Adams and C. Griffin. 6-3. 4-6, 6-4; J.
Brady and G. Lytton beat Myrlck and J.
Adams. 6-2 .8-6; F. C. Adams and J. M.
Baker beat J. R. Lewis and Myrick. 10-8.
6-4; Baker and Baker beat F. Adams and
O. Beyfuss. 6-4, 6-4; Janes and Dunlap
beat G. Baker and Griffin, 6-4, 6-3. .
Mann, 4-6. 6-3: Longr beat Captain Tarns
worth 6-3; Drolla beat Laflln, 6-0, 6-2: xi.
Rolfe tied H. Schmidt, 4-6, 6-2; Rolfe beat A.
Beyfuse, 6-4. 6-4.
Some lnteresting_ doubles were played on
the park courts. The best match .was
that in which George Janes and Charles
Dunlap beat George Baker and Clarence
Griffin. The former won two straight
sets. The matches resulted as follows:
DETROIT. Mich., July 23.— The 2:08
trotting event was the feature of the last
day of the Blue Ribbon meeting at Grosse
Point© and proved one of the best of the
week. The 2:04 pace brought the fastest
three beats of the season— 2 :05«4, 2:04»i
and 2:06. Summary.
2:08 trot: $1600— Prince of Oran« won «ec
end and fourth heats and race. Time, 2: OS '4.
2:09*4- Monte Carlo won the third heat lii
2: OS. Baron do Shay wen the first heat in
2:0S%.
2:20 pace; J20C0— Lucy worf both heats.
Time. 2:X7U. 2:16.
2:24 trot; Merchants' and Manufacturers'
roniolatlon — Robert Mac won both heats.
Time. 2:09%, 2:12.
2:04 pace; <1500— Dan R won the second and
third heata and race In 2:04»;. 2:06. Little
Squaw won tbe first heat In 2:05?*.
2:11 pace; puree $1200 — PaUllne G won both
hea.ta In 2:07»4. 2:07U.
Blue Ribbon Contest at Detroit Ends
With Series of Good
Contests.
DAN R WINS FAST HEATS
IN 2:04 PACING EVENT
MARSHFIELD, Or.. - July 25.— Henry
Keller murdered his wife and then killed
himself at Langlols to-day.
Kills His Wife and Himself.
CINCINNATI, Jury 25.— Mrs. Charles
Rltter fs dylns under unusually distress
ing circumstances. Her. husband la a,po
liceman. They have been separated for
ten months. She says he broke into her
apartments last night and poured carbolic
acid all over her. Ritter later met an
other policeman and explained that he
burned his hands and clojhlng while try
ing to prevent his wife committing sui
cide- Ritter could not be fouijd to-day.
Dying Woman Accuses Husband.
PARIS. July 25.— The civil and religious
marriage; ceremonies .between Leopold
Wolfling, formerly Archduke Leopold of
Tuscany, and Mile.' Amovlch, a dancer,
were celebrated to-day at Veyrier. near
this city. The parish priest officiated.
Leopold is the brother of the Crown Prin
cess of.. Saxony, who eloped several
months ago and has since been divorced.
Fornier Archduke Weds Dancer.
REDDING, July 23.— Stella Moran. ths
4-year-old stepdaughter of Victor Vequade
of Quartz Hill, this county, ate so many
green apples at her home Thursday .that
she died yesterday as the result. Coroner
Bassett so found at an inquest held to
day.
Four- Year-Old Girl in Shasta County
Dies After Eating
Fruit. * .
GREEN APPLES CAUSE :.;• \,
DEATH OF A CHILD
Death Calls Southern Pioneer.
REDLANDS. July 23.— Dr. William
Craig, aged. S3 years, one of the oldest
settlers in this county, died at his home
In Men tone to-day. Dr. Craig had been
a prominent man in Redlands since the
settlement of the county. He founded the
Union Bank of Redlands, was a Mason
for over fifty .years and had filled some
of the hisrhest offices in the order. He
came to Riverside in 1S70, and built the
first hotel In that city.
BRITONS CHEER
OUR RIFLEMEN
Hearty Send-Off to the
Winners of Palma
Trophy, i:; ,
, BISLET, England, July 25.— The great
annual rifle meeting was finished to-day
wUh bright weather, but a gusty wind
quartered the range and precluded high
scores.
The Americans received a great send-off
an leaving here for Liverpool this even-
Ing. Major General Lord Cheylesmore,
chairman of the council of the National
Rifle' Association, made the farewell
speech, and Colonel Leslie C. Bruce, cap
tain of the American team, replied, thank
ing Lord Cheylepmore for the welcome ac
corded to the Americans here. The train
steamed out of the station with the band
playing "The Etar-Spangled Banner."
The Americans, recaptured the Palma
trophy, established their reputations as
marksmen and their personal relations
•with the other competitors were most
pleasant. • All of the inhabitants of the
canvas city, turned out with brass bands
to bid the Americans godspeed.
The entries for the King's prize and the
St. George vase were curtailed somewhat
In a sensational fashion by the posting of
an official notice that Corporal J. W. Gar
vie, of the Northumberland Fuslleers and
Private F. .Watson. of the same regiment
were barred, not only from these* events,
but from all subsequent <^*npetltlons on
the National Association ranges. The of
ficial charges. aKainst Watson and Garvle
are tampering with the scores at a pro
vincial meeting.. Both denied the charges.
The St. George vase was won by Cap
tain 'Johnson of the London Rifle Brigade.
Regatta in Northern Waters.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 25.— The sec
ond day. of the North Pacific Amateur
Athletic Association regatta was closed
to-night with a big banquet. The results
.to-day proved the prophecy that the Vic
toria, cr«w would win the senior fours
was well founded.
Portland made many friends. Nelson
rowed hard and looks like, a formidable
competitor in tho next regatta,' which will
be held at Portland. Results:
' Senior fours— James Bay Athletic As
sociation of Victoria first, Portland sec
ond, .Nelson third, Victoria fourth.
Double'sculls— Victoria first and second.
Desbrtsay and Q'Sulllvan were the win
ners; Gieger 'and Lang second. '
CHICAGO.; July 25.— Chicago to-day de
feated ¦ Manitoba in .the last game of the
Northwestern cricket tournament. As a
result Chicago, Pittsbur.g and Manitoba
are tied for first place and will divide the
honors. ¦*• '•¦ . i ¦ . - »&*9
Speeches will be made by Charles i J,
Haggerty, William Humphrey, Joseph E,
O'Donnell. John F. English and others.
Thomas B. Slevin, president of the
Democratic League Club of- the Thirty
second Assembly District, has called a
meeting of the club for Tuesday evening,
the 2Sth inst., In Maennerbund Hall»
Twenty-fourth and Potrero avenues, for
the purpose of selecting delegates to the
coming municipal convention. •
This club has a membership of more
than 300 and as all the Democrats of the
district are Invited to attend it is expect
ed that there will be a very large attend
ance. •
Thirty-Second District.
The committee will report at the next
meeting of the club, when their sugges
tions will be acted upon.
Several speeches were made and when
the name of Franklin K. Lane was men
tioned the audience responded with ap
plause.
A committee consisting of the following
was elected to propose names of dele
gates to the coming convention:
George F. Duffey. Leo Kaufmann, It. R.
"Wallace, John W. Lewis, H. S. Canarls, J. R.
Foley, M. A. Levingston.- P. G. Colbert and
J. A. Johnston.
Last night the Democratic County
Committee organized a club In the Thir
ty-eighth Assembly District. The fol
lowing officers were elected:
President. George F. Duffey; vice president
John W. Lewis; secretary. James A. Johnston;
treasurer, M. A. Levingston.
Thirty-Eighth District Work.
It would cause no srn prise here if a
number of additional arrests were made
In connection with the case. In fact, it
is admitted in the District Attorney's of
fice that a careful investigation is being
made of the testimony given by several
of the witnesses with a view to prepar
ing criminal cases against them if the
necessary proof can be obtained that they
testified falsely. It was more than hinted
during the course of the long trial which
ended yesterday that certain of the tes
timony was given on a contingent basis.
That forgery and perjury were com
mitted by certain persons in the interests
of some of the claimant? the 1 District At
torney is certain, but he will prosecute
Mrs. Driggs first on' the charge of felon
iously trying to Influence a member of the
jury. ¦ •. ¦:¦••¦' • ¦• - u !
IX)S ANGELAS. Julx 25.— Upon the re
sult of the. criminal case against Mrs.
Gertrude Driggs, who was arrested yes
terday after a Jury had declared that the
alleged will which she presented to the
estate of Salem Charles, alias Charles
Hill, was bogus, will depend th«s prosecu
tion of a number of other persons who
were interested with her in her effort to
secure the fortune left by the mysterious
Cfharles.
Spedal Dispatch to The Call
It seems Mott and Sefiffley. with an alleged
Constable from Alameda and some workmen,
went vp there laet Friday afternoon, armed
with axefe. wagons and other things. Sedgley
rhowed aa order from President Mott. giving
Krecman permission to tear down the town.
Freeman never doubted iu authority aad let
them e» ahead. Why. they even hired him to
heh> them in the work.
They worked a'.t night, tearing the village
/town In the morning it was a stack of lum
ber and machinery. There wasn't a eUck
standing in the town of International. All the
hcu«M and everything in them were packed for
shipment: 1 In the morning they piled what
uas Jeft cf tbe village on the railroad care
and eft* It went, where. I haven't the lean Idea.
It took three big nat can to hold all the etufC.
I have beard cf «hip« paesinr in the night,
and tralne and other things, but this ie the
nr»t time I ever heard of a whole town di«ap
j^-arlng. Iff the grandest grand larceny on
record. I think. I am going to have iiott aad
Sedgley arrested for stealing that %-lllage. Maybe
I'll fcrr* them to put it back where they frot
it. I estimate my ica by this wholesale re-
Things did not go well with the powder
company, however. The directors quar
reled among themselves and the promised
profits did not materialize. So after
struggling along for nearly two years, the
business was suspended, the mortgagors
foreclosed on the mortgage and in June
lajst a decree cf foreclosure was granted
them, with permission to fell the plant
on a day in August.
- Xotv- it happened that Postmaster
Schmidt went on a flying trip to Martinez
last Saturday on business connected with
this very mai ter. So when the train drew
near International he looked out to eee
if the village was still there. But lo and
behold, it was not^there. There wasn't a
eign cf it on the horizon. Then Postmas
ter Schmidt got eff th© train at Sobrante
to go back and find the village. All he
could find was a man plowing over a field
where the town of International once
stood. The rest of the Btory is told in
Postmaster Schmidts own words, as fol
lows:
AH tiere wa» left was ploxre<l cround. I
stopped tbe toaa with the plo*' and aeke4 him
what h&d become cl try village. To ny tur
pr'se the tntn * - a* William Freeman, whom I
lad hired to v.-atch the *>l&ce while I »u
fcVay And when he told me what bad hap
pened* it lock try breath away.
RUTHLESSLY RAZE VILLAGE.
ONLY THE SITE LEFT.
Berkeley OSce San Francisco Call,
atS Center Street. July 25.
A •whole village vanished la a eight,
¦wiped from *-he face of the earth, utter
ly destroyed as was Sodom of old— that Is
what Geurge Schmidt, postmaster of th«
city of Berkeley, never thought he would
Uv to see with his own eyes. But he
« xp^rieaced the phe-nomenon; that is, if
he can trust those eye? cf his. and he
etsr.ds prepared to swear in public that
where once stood the little town of In
ternational, Contra Costa County, there
is nothir.2 now but a stretch of barren
acres, with never a house In sight. And
what is more, this village was not blotted
out by a tornado or a cloudburst or a fire,
but by the hand of man.
As the story goes. Postmaster Schmidt,
;-i£ t.rother, "William J. Schmidt, aiid An-
Fon.S. Blake, the capitalist, sold some six
tcies cf land near Sobrante, Contra Costa
County, two years ago to the Internation
al Explosives- Company, of which R. B.
Mott ar.d W. I. Sedgley of Alameda are
the president and manager, respectively.
The pric« of the land was %&>JQ and in
? xchange for it the Schmidts accepted
ttOOO in stock of the company and a 12000
mortgage. Upon thi? land the Interna
tiona! Explosives Company built a pow
der manufacturing plant and called It In
ternatioriaJ. Besides the eight buildings
occupied by the machinery, there were six
or seven Tiouses for the workmen.
Los Angeles Officers
Probe the Salem
Charles Case.
George Schmidt Scans
Horizon for Lost
Town.
WHOLE VILLAGE
GOES IN NIGHT
LAW ENDANGERS
THE WITNESSES
Speeches were made by "William Sex
ton, Thomas W. Collins. Colonel Sher
wood. Silas A. White and others. The
club adjourned to meet August $.
The following delegates to th© Republi
can Municipal Convention were nominated
in accordance with the foregoing report:
Joseph A. Bush, Maurice Brandt. John C
Currier. Thomas W. Collins. Alraore K Dar
gett. Ralph C. Daniels. Albert R. Herman
Frank C Hatman, Lewis IT. Hoin, Sheldon o'
Kellogg, Daniel McPartland, Charles A. Mur
dock, William R. Nixon, Edward J. Prlngle
William S*xton, Horace B. Sperry Eugene
Sullivan. Arthur O. Towne, George II*. Walker
Eli J. Wilkinson. '
We believe that this ticket, which represents
In the fullest degree the Republican party of
the district, will, if nominated, be elected by a
large majority.
On behalf of these combined committees the
executive committee now reports that the mem
bers of these several committees met, and
after full deliberation now report twenty names
for the consideration of the club and recom
mend that they - bo nominated as delegates to
the municipal convention.
Among these twenty names will be found
the first vice president, the secretary and a
majority of the 1 executive committee of the
Central Bepubllcan Club, usually called the
Horace Davis Club. These gentlemen, how
ever, are all on the roll of this club as It was
originally organized in 1000. The ticket which
we recommend has and will have the unquali
fied support of. Mr. Davis, the president of the
other organisation, and, we confidently be
lieve, of a very large majority of the members
of that club. In discussing the selection of a
ticket the gentlemen from the other organiza
tion named ten cf the twenty names and ten
were chosen *y our committees. We found In
discussing the matter that there Is a complete
harmony of tsentlment and purpose between
them and us— we all stand for home rule in
the Forty-first District, against any dictation
or interference with the district from the out
side, and for the nomiuatlon for office of none
but tried Republicans.
The Republican Club 'of th£ Forty-flrst
Assembly District of which A, K. Dajr
gett is president met at Stelmke Hall last
night. This club advocates "Home Rule"
In the forty-first and is entirely indepen
dent of the United Republican League.
At the meeting last night Henry C. Dib
ble, for the executive committee, present
ed the following report, which was adopt
ed:
- To the President and Members Regular Re
publican dub, Forty-flrst District: At the
l&fit meeting of the club the executive com
mittee, the enrolling oommlttee and the five
primary precinct canvassing committees, thirty
two members In all. were empowered and In
structed to meet and canvass names to be re
ported to the club at this meeting for nomina
tion as delegates to the municipal convention.
Democratic District Clubs
Display Unusual
Activity.
Delegates Are Nominal
ed by the Home Rule
Republicans;
BATTLE SIGNALS
IN FORTY-FIRST
THE SAN FBANC1SCO . CALL, SLHND^r, JULY 26, 1903.
31
• . JLD VESTISEMEUTS. : -.
I CURED WITHOUT CUTTING, PAIN OR LOSS OF.TIMt
No matter how loor you. have »uff«r*<l or how barbarcutly you have been treat-
ed by fturfeccs by cuUinr. stretchlntr and burning. I ask you to Investigate MT •
J9ETHOD of curin* It. My treatment Is oririoal with myself, and is the result of
18 years' experience In theee special diseases. The etricture tissue in the canal is >
r«6lnletsly atsorbed and bence removed forever. Any discbarge, which often ac- .
companies etricture disappear*.' tbe inflamed surface is healed up. all scaldlnr - and
burr.lr.r sensations cease; tbe KJjJney* and Bladder become strong and normal, the
rexual orKam reraia vigor and vitality and th« patient feels as though life were
NERVOUS DEBILITY. FEXUAL WEAKKESS. EMISSIONS, SYPH- .
ILIS GONOURHOEA GLEET. VARICOCELE. KIDNEY and .BUVDDER DIS-
EASES, and aU weaknesses -peculiar to men.
g Consultation Free. 64- Page Book Fre3. .. %
I- if enable to call, write for Question Blank for Dome Treatment. V
3 "n r/'-HniCM'A'M'M-n^ 9 Market Street. 8. F.; Top; Floor,':
a \j, IV. nwL.^i»lrVl^5 '".*•. L f m Hours.' 9 to 8 Dally; Sunday. 0 to 12.
ffcl1iVTT«i« irnin-rriim-w" ; ¦
* - ADVZBTISEItfEinS. . V* ' \
I By Reason of Late Fire
I For Particulars of Sale of |
I Stock Damaged by Fire, |
| .Water and Smoke, .see -..«. : -. - : ? VI
| Wednesday Morning Papers . |
1 1142 ViiemB^Ej street j
I : >; . Eetween Taylor and Mason '.'••. i §
ORIENTAL RUGS.
Latest importation of Turkish, Persian, Caucasian and Indian
Rugs zvill be placed on sale Monday, July 27th. The line is now
complete from the smallest mat to the largest carpet size rug, in-
cluding a fezv specially selected Tabriz Carpets. Following are a few
prices of the popular makes:
ZJ \l < , ', * 0sf -7/T
rzamadanS, 3 feet by A r A feet, at. . $4.75
Carabaghs, 3 U* by 5 feet, at.... $8.50
GliendjieS, 4 feet by 7 feet, from.. $15.00
Extra Shirvans, Fin*piccesjrom$20. 00
CashmereS, 7 feet by 9 feet, from. $45. OO
6 feet by 9 feet] from . . $60. 00
Shirvan Kilims, $25.00
Special Notice/
We import Oriental Rugs direct from Constan-
tinople. Prices are figured on a NET BASIS.
We offer NO DISC.OUN IS. A few leading lines
on exhibition in Show Windows.
/ Cor.Po5tsKearnt Sts.
. •"-j'-r.Vv. ¦•:».-•¦•'¦-¦". '"-. ..'-¦:•. ' ; ¦• :.. ' .. .ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ... " '¦¦} r l-'S
If the market produces anything 'neyy ov: irrpvel; you will \\n^^p^tnlf^^^fsiioicc
selection of the world's best .products at prices . to suit eyery. piirse. :' r Come r and
make your own terms, ycui are welcome to.credit. "iNul Ced^!^: ; : 0: f -f i^^^^'^
&I*jHe^19HbIHBIIIB1 f«ral and Medallion deslKn.s: with and with- QQ 1 ' ifw^^nm^^^^^tf^^« '•'¦
V'^FJfl fiSM^M* 1 * 1 , | ' , l Tor parlor, llvlnpr-room or bedroom. Some "nn "" ' ' *£•"* i^fSJ^ 3^ * " * f rA
V \taLfc*gg£S! ......_ nimtSSESSS^Sk ver y beautiful designs at Irresistible prices.. *jSP " Riff ' f ,-'- «*\j*^
iiBniMT* AIiIi-VTOOIi ZI7OSAII7S — The .good ¦ old-fa*hione<l &$& \^^~ ¦*">•"¦-¦ *' ' "
•______ * weaves that appear never to wear out.-. Large or r*',; ' ' ISS^^. ''-'¦'•¦ .?'. •
FOLDING BED — Selected hardwood, gold- small designs on light or dark, grounds. , rr* *'-- ,•.'-. " ' .-<,'*
en finish; substantially made; beautifully Some very beautiful designs. Reversible; OSf* ' fi>* ' T\ ' •' '• • -.
paneled; combines the artis- tffil. 1C full yard wide. Price ;:..;... V «^W \1 llAiirri nnA Qt" - : 'A ,117^^1
tic with the practical Price $10.75 HTIU StIFZR HALF WOOL IWOBAiW dmr ; l/OWIl 3110 $1 It W Q&K
T —Reversible; full yard wide. Large . se- ..n/T - * - - ' bboat •»«*««. ~?\ *
. lection of patterns and colorings. . Price .• Si If* . ««^T ¦ aAWl pi: — The best cast range
?.....,...:. JW^ . . ??J he w11? rket - Every part guaxaa-
AGATE PEO-BBUSSEIS- Sanitary. moth f/ v - ., "1 save its cost in fuel.
ffrtM^WS?^ proof, reversible;, full yard wide. Price... ' 4(/C :._, „,,.,,, ,,, w^.. r ." miTi^
K^/^^^^^fl - . BEVEBSIBI,e' ART SQUARES — Sanitary, moth jg—j|f
i|B«8^1Bttai l UIWtJ8qSfML ¦ . rroof. Will save other goods many ««*% f\f* - ¦ a^*fcaeJwS3L
J^^^^^^j^^piy 54™" over in th_e wear and tear of tho Jtd.yi) . - - I "JP^r^&alY^'
¦Bgggffi|3nBSj|j0ttffiB^Sr • KEVEBSZBZ.E SiTYRNA BUGS — Oriental and Floral &S^^r-^fej^^^SS^^
\ B|ffr**m^^?^?$^^vgaa V>." effects; 30x60 inches. Fringe at both (J« ¦* gn - g^^^i.^^i^^^iMirr'^'^^
curve of the legs and swan's AfiM&s. jgHZgX front and sides. An addinem
nec^supporumake (Jy n/j . fiSS^fiSffSS tO any dInlng - ClA^n
THE KTCHEH DEPABTMEWT _mt_ _,_ - •_ irA _ -_¦¦"" ¦¦¦¦ "'i— , isiwb . - ¦
reach of all. - . " " : . . -~" K */^ ._" , 5til I lOOT.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
j ¦ > — - . , — ¦ ¦ ,
AFTER THE |
Clearance Sa el
EVERYTHING IS NEW. r
WE'VE- CLEANED OUT ALL' THE
ODDS AND ENDS— NOW FOR
NEW STOCK Vi
NEW STYLES * : |
NLVtf rnK/Co ;,\
It Is acknowledged : by • the women !
wearer* of fine footwear that the *-"*
KESTELLA $3.50 SHOES if
Are unequaled for their STYI.E, FIT 'i- '<'
and FINISH. ; K ; |
Our other styles are always correct : '
and a > reputation- of, thirty years of '¦
: shoemaklng to many of the represents - I
tlve families of San Francisco is a posl- 1
tlve guarantee of unrivaled fit and \.
' workmanshlp.v • •¦ I, Henry, M.' Lawyer, a teamster, was ar
rested by Detective Cody, yesterday . on . a
warrant _cha.rging him. with. child-stealing.
The complaining witness .is; his divorced
wife/ Heririetta^Dean Lawyer, 1033 Sutter
street. She alleges that she was recently
granted a divorce ?from h«r. husband and
was awarded". the. custody of their son.
Wesley, 7 years of age,. The boy was play
ing . on, the - street onj July 12 when his
father, she says, offerjed him $1 to take a
walk with him, and -since then she has
li.eard.nQthlns-about the boy. • , :
Steals His Own Child.
The Government' uses Bank Stock paper. It
stands the' test for. quality and eye service. *
Frank "White, 18 years of age, was book
ed at the 'City, Prison yesterday on a
charge of burglary. He was arrested on
Friday by Policeman Earlp for- entering
a house^ in .Course of . . construction on
Webster' street and stealing a quantity of
lead, which he had in a sack.
Boy Charged With Burglary.
Why All Sales Do * Not Meet With
' , -Success. - .
There arc many merchants who make
themselves believe if they advertise a sale
the public will come with a rush. , The
public, as a' -rule, respond, but if they
don't find the bargains offered they soon
give such places the cold shoulder. Lately
there have I been all kinds, of -sales, but
most of them fell flat .with the exception
of Kelly & Llebes\»120 Kearny street,, re
moval sale, which continues to be a great
success, for the reason that 'this firm
give3 genuine bargains and does' not dis
appoint the public. , •
A meeting of the two representative
committees was held last Monday and the
question was discussed. After some de
bate the Master Plumbers' Association
agreed to grant the. advance In wages,
providing T the. new scale should not go
into effect until January 1,. their, reasons
for setting that date being that a num
ber '; of ilarge contracts : for the . year had
already been made'and^a delay of six
months would be necessary, . so that con
tractors may be protected.
.The journeymen have not accepted the
offer . made by the Master Plumbers' As
sociation, but suggest, as a compromise
that the new scale of wages go into effect
September 15. j - '
: It Is. generally understood ,that a sat,
lsfactory- agreement ; will- be reached at
the next meeting of the committees.
At -the regular meeting, of the Master
Plumbers' Association on Friday evening,
August 17, that body rejected the demands
of the journeymen, but appointed -a com
mittee of eleven members to meet a , like
committee of the journeymen for confer
ence. , -'••
During June last the Journeymen
plumbers of j this city Submitted v to th«
Master , Plumbers' Association 5 demand*
that the scale of wages be advanced 50
cents a'; day, . making. the regular wages
to be paid the Journeymen plumbers $S
a day, the advance to go Into effect Aug
ust 1. ¦
Advance Wages Are Granted,
but Setting of Time
Association Amends the
Demands of the
Journeymen.
PLUMBERS WILL
PROBABLY AGREE
this State thirty years a$o. For a num
ber of years he had been connected with
the Bancroft-TVhitney Company aad had
written many books on corporation law
and real property.
His funeral takes place from the lata
residence at 2 p. m. to-morrow.
i
• The overworked Eye. the faded Bye,
the red : and , inflamed : Eye, • the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye Rem
edy. ' Jt don't smart. *
With the passing away of Charles T.
Boone yesterday California., loses a well
known law writer whose works rank^as
authorities. The deceased, who had been
111 for. a year, died at his home. 623 Valen
cia street, at the age of 6$ years. He was
a" native of Pennsylvania and came to
WELL-KNOWN AUTHOR IS
CALLED BY DEATH
Charles T. Boone, Whose Law Books
Have Universal Reputation,
• Lays Down His Pen. •
Fred Zimmerman, a former convict, was
convicted by Police Judge Conlan yester
day on a charge of carrying burglars'
tools and was sentenced to serve six
months in the County: Jail. -Zimmerman
was arrested on suspicion of being one
of the two men who beat and attempted
to rob Mrs. Jennie Hughes at, 314' Gough
street on July 10., but the police were un
able to connect him with -the crime.
Zimmerman Gets Six Months.
Herman Keller, a young man, appeared
before Police Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of burgrlary for breaking Into a
room at 461 Fourth street on July 9. Owing
to his respectable, appearance and ' the
fact that he had never been arrested be
fore the Judge reduced the charge to pet
ty larceny and sentenced him to serve six
months in the County Jail.
Saved From State's Prison. •"
A number of Colonel Frank W. Sum
ner's friends tendered him a banquet last
evening in the Maple Room of the Palace.
The dining hall was decorated for the oc
casion and the table was decked with
white roses. Colonel Sumnerwas present
ed a handsome loving cup. Among those
who made short speeches were: Charles
L. Field, who acted as toastmaster, Jo
seph C Campbell, H. D. Loveland, W. H.
Jordon, Clarence M. Smith, Robert Mc-
Millan. State Senator William C. Ralston
and George Clark. Those present at the
banquet were:
George Armstrong:. J. . Stow. Ballard, Edwin
S.-Bean. C. S. Benedict. John Bennett. J. BH
ler. Franklin P. Pull. A. E. Buckingham, C.
D. Bunker. II. C. Bunker. J. II. Bruce. Walter
N. Brunt. K. R. Bryant. J. O. Campbell, R.
\V. Campbell. Georrs Child*. G. D. Clark, J.
Fessenden Clark. M. A. C. Christensen. I. W.
Coburn. P. I>. Code, Oeorge E. Crothers. Burt
U Davis, J. n. Paggett. A. J. de La mar*.
William Edwards. Wendell EaKton. John Farn
liam, Charles I*. Field. George Filmer. Then
Krollcb. George S. Gilbert. William Gllnde
mann. W. L. Growall. A. Hallett. W. H. Jor
dan. "W. T. Kibbler, Roy T. Klmball. John M.
Kline, B. H. Langley. H. D. Lovcland, A". W.
McKenzte. Robert McMillan. Samuel D. Mayer
John F. Merrill. Vf. S. Miller. Frank Monck
ton. R. B. Moore, C. P. Ovoxton, C. U Parks
W. Peacock, . I. M. Peel. W. Frank Pierce. W.
f '. Ralston. M. Ryan. Clarence M. Smith. Carl
H. Schmidt. H. G. Stevenson, Thomas Thomp
son. C II. Van Orden. E. J. A'ogel. George C.
Walsh, W. F. Watterman. ¦ •
Affair Takes Place at the Maple
- Room and During Repast He
- Is Given a Loving Cap. "-:;",
COLONEL SUMNER IS
TENDERED A BANQUET
In the estate of Anna Grace, Young
found two items on the register of fees
having been paid amounting to $12 and
$11. The cash book shows payments of
$2 and $1 only, and the register 'bears
evidence of a "I" having been inserted
before the "2" and "1." The attorney
for the estate, on request, produced a re
ceipt for $18 25, signed on March 19. 1900",
by "v\ F. Northrup. The fact that North
rup entered up $20 as having been re
ceived subsequently to the payment | of
the first fees shows that ¦ he was over
bold in making his entries and made no
attempt at bein* accurate. . ;
In the matter of the estate . of Mrs.
Margaret Byron. Miss Margaret Byron
produced a receipt for. $16 20, signed by
Northrup, for which no entry appears
cither in the register or cash book. The
attorney for the estate Informed Young
that he waa satisfied that ho had paid
$27 75 in fees, which was all that was
supposed to be collected, but no entry
of the payment appears on the clerk's
records. . ' '
FALSIFIES FIGURES.
Young also has discovered what lie
terms a plain steal of $30 on the part
of ' Northruj?. . In making an' examination
of the books 'of the County Clerk, Young
found that in the. estate of Minnie Wet
zel et al. an Hem appears upon the reg
ister under date of November . 23, 1S92,
showing that the sum of $31 was paid for
statutory fees. Young says there is evi
dence j of the insertion in red i ink of . a
"3" between the dollar mark and the "1,".
making the amount as stated $31, whereas
the - cash book of that date shows the
payment to have been but $1. ;
Young immediately sent- a communica
tion ' to Georce D. Shadburne, attorney
for Kate Wetzel, guardian of the .minor
heirs, asking him when the sum $30
was paid.' The final account of the guard
ian, filed September 8, 1899, does not cover
this amount.
APPROPRIATES FEES.
On December 3, 1838, Young says North
ryp pocketed $14110 he collected as fees
In. the Joseph P. Hale estate, and on
April 1, 1899, he misappropriated, $116 from
fees paid in the estate of Elizabeth C.
Pfltret. ' • s •'• " - "• •» ;
Expert Young of the. Hassell; Audit
Company informed Mayor ,Schmits^yes
terday that if his discoveries of the pecu
lations of fees in the probate department
continue at the present ratio the aggre
gate sum stolen from the city will amount
to between 520,000 and $25.000, ' and may
reach a much higher, figure. Young says
the investigation covers a • period begin
ning March 28,- 1895, and runs for two
years, leaving the records of eight years
yet to be experted. "
Young says that up to the present time
V. F. Northrup, ex-probate clerk, I has
misappropriated in round figures' $2250.
Young has written about 500- letters to
attorneys of various estates asking what
amounts they have paid In for fees.
More than $4000 additional of such pay
ments, which appear in the register as
due, but not credited on the cash book,
arc to be accounted for and will swell
the defalcation. . -
A Scandinavian writer has come to the
conclusion- after carefully studying the
situation that a new ice age is Impending.
"I care not who makes the autos of the
nation," said the man who had Just re
ceived a check, "provided I make the re
pairs."—Puck. -"V
Sonoma Natives.
Scuojna. Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden "TC>f=t, located in the town of
Sonoira. has appointed H. "W. Gotten
berg..L- H. Green. G. S. Harris. J. E.
Poppe ard F. T. Duhring a committee
to arranre for the celebration of Admis
sion day on September 9 In that place.
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Hooper and daugh
ter of Drnvcr, relatives of the late Major
W. B. Hooper of the Occidental, arrived
in the city yesterday and are guests at
the above mentioned hotel.
C. A. Rutherford of Omaha, recently
appointed local general agent of the Rock
Island road to succeed Clinton Jones, who
retired, arrived from his former home
last evening and is registered at the Pal
ace.
Colonel A. K. Whltton, who is engaged
in the real estate business in San Jose, is
stopping at the California.
Dr. John Gallagher and Dr. "W. M.
Swett are spending a two weeks* vacation
in Trinity County.
I* R. Vance, who is employed in the
construction department at Mare Island,
is" at the Occidental.
W. F. Snyder of Salt Lake, who Is in
terested In mining properties at Tonopah,
is at the Palace.
Dr. D. Smith of IJvermore is at the
Grand.
Patrick Talent, a capitalist of Hanford,
is at the LJck.
T. D. Petch, an attorney of Eureka, is
at the Grand.
Michael Cardoza, a prominent attorney
of New York, is at the Palace.
J. Craig, proprietor of the Highland
Springs hotel, is among the latest arrivals
at the Grand. t
Trapper's 0U cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
£>rcf glata. SOc flask. Richard A Co.. 106 Clay. •
Defalcation 1 in Clerk's
Office Will Reach
$25,000.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Large numbers of Irish donkeys are be
ing Imported to South Africa.- •'¦¦ . v
PECULATIONS
STILL GROWING
Marin County Gets Trout Fry.
Chief Deputy A'ogelsang of the Fish
Commission -announces that .he. has .re
ceived 40,000 rainbow trout fry from the
Truckee River. hatcheries and that he will
distribute the fish immediately in the
Paper Mill and L<agunitas creeks between
San Anselmo.and Camp Taylor. Another
consignment of 60,000 rainbow trout fry
from the Sisson hatcheries will soon be
distributed in the same waters.
MaryE. Hollingsworth was granted an
interlocutory., decree of divorce for deser
tlonrfrom ,Hbllett\P. ' Honingsworth ,'by
Judged Murasky', yesterday. '\ v
•Suits 'for : . divorce for desertion 'were filed
by : . Walter J.;:Hastins:s against- Agnes,
Hastings, Emella Venerl against: Michael
Venerl. Addle A. Necklaus against' George
S." Necklaus," LJzzle P ."Armstrong against
Howard R, Armstrong and Emma Rich
ards Against lB:>Richarda.". ,; ; ¦¦ .;-y
In the Divorce Court.
Reduced rates on household goods to ft from
the East & South. Bekln's, 11 Montgomery st.*
Skull May Be Fractured.
Richard Powers, a painter living at 34
Hawthorne street, was found lying on the
Bidewalk at. Second and Howard streets
on • Friday . night by Policeman G. K.
Small. There was an ugly wound in the
back of his. head. Alexander Mollson was
pointed out as .the man who knocked
Pbwers db-wn and ¦ Mollson was arrested
and locked "up in "the : tanks." Powers
was taken to the Haroor Emergency Hos
pital. It is -thought that his skull has
been fractured. . .
'Arthur McG^e and. "William McCarthy
w«re sentenced yesterd&y-by Judge Law
lor, the former to- serve seven years in
San Quentln and- the latter five years.
They were ? charged with' having robbed
Benjamin Farber,, a" peddler, oh the' San
Bruno road on the afternoon of April 6,
but. the jury found them guilty of^ grand
larceny. , • .
•When the case was called for Judgment
on July. 11, "a strong, plea was made to
have the sentence^ suspended. At that
(ime . the - Judge declared . that the pre
valence of robberies committed by young
men born and raised in the community
made it the plain duty: of the court not
to temporize with offenders of this class.
He intended at, that time to give them the
limit— ten years each., •
A further appeal was made yesterday
by counsel for the defendants, which was
supported i by. the "Assistant . District ' At
torney. The Judge said in reply that cases
of youthful offenders cast a grave : re
sponsibility on the court and the records
•would show that it had been his custom
to grant j concessions to . young criminals.
He was always .loth to send youths to
the -penitentiaries, but preferred < to let
them go on probation. The courts, how
ever, owed a duty to the public and must
see that \ the, law -was .-.vindicated. ! This
was -a serious • crime and ' many similar
crimes had ¦ of late been committed . by
young men' born and reared- in this city,
as the imported- thugs had .been; driven
out of the. community by the police. ;
Addressing, the youthful prisoners the
Judge 'said: "'"I am anxious to' be lenient
with you and at the same time satisfy my
conscience. . Your future will depend upon
yourselves. , v If ' your conduct is satisfac
tory in the penitentiary and you make,
application for parole I will not oppose it,
but would"" rather- be inclined to further
your interests. in that regard."
Sends Arthur McGee and
William McCarthy to
; San^Quentin.
Judge Lawlor Believes
TemporiziDg Must
Cease.
WANTS TO CURB
YOUNG ROBBERS
ill LI TJ* • C A Iff {T5?TJ A ICTf XGt^f\ •' £~i A t ? c TT^Cf r\A X^ TTTr y& or* 4 t\f\is
XJO.XJ C3«dLX^i iJC jvaXi *-'J.Dy^vf/-^tU i AJuJj» L/jGL'X. ¦ O U ill a2O f ±\J\JO»
32
I . '. ' ".-<¦: , . • ; ADVEBTISEMENTS." '.: - -
"With the Goods
To Back Them
Sewed, Lined and laid on Your floors.
90 & 95c Wool Ingrain st\
covering In new patterns. Reversible, full yard B Ufl wL,
. wide. $ Rooms Measured, Seweci, Lirisd,and! Laid for V^ v/%r
QPJp T'jJiActi'y In ? Body Brussels^effects. floral y mm, :
Jclv I U [It/5 II j,..,and figured .designs. Come, ex-, yy '
pecting to be pleased with these in every particular. fl-D^fC,
Rooms Measured, Carpet Sewed Lined and Laid for" v/w v
1.35 Body Brussels iSHilillifli ¦
5 Brussels is that there are suitable patterns . for 3 .¦ .
every\room, Hall; and; stair— laid on your floor for * • M..%*/_
2R0 14/iltfin Gcnuine - Tnis luxurious, high . y WS3
•Jy Mil lUII pH e carpet has never before been 1 /^t
sold so low. This season's designs. An elegant I B 8*^
line of borders to match, Laid on your floor for * 'y V
1.00 floral and figured Linoium 7 r-
. As pretty as a carpet; new patterns, bright colors. /'^lt/
, Heavy weight, 2yds wide. -On your floor; sq. yd-» ¦ v'^r
175 Inlaid Linoleum V^M | -. Q 1
pattern runs clear through. Being 4 yards wide, B JL£J 2
; will cover your floor without a break; laid, sq. yd., -*- •
2.25 Tapestry Rugs t^,!:t {
An all around rug of large size and good stuff, for 1 a^W"\ F
2.75 Angora [Rugs b^5^ n t 'M*
' and blue. Single door and dressing table size, 18 1 F "^
by 24 inches; lined. This week these Angoras for JL 0 £bb1%JI
"THE CREDIT HOllSE"
, 233 235 237 Post;Street
AUVERTISEEIE2JTS.
A Remarkable Clearance
SALE OF 300
SILK WAISTS
For Monday Only
Sale commences to-morrow at 9 a. m.
We must have room for fall goods and will sacrifice
high-grade waists to gain this much needed space. •
These waists are taken from regula* stock and repre-
sent a variety of popular styles of ffective designs, abso-
lutely perfect in make and finish. Some are made of peau
de soic, others of peau de cygnc, polka dot foulard and
fapcy wash silks in black, white and shades of red. pink,
blue and jrreen; stylishly trimmed, tailor stitched and
tucked. All sizes.
REDUCED FROM $5.00, $5.50 and $6.00. WILL
BE CLOSED OUT AT
Each
ALL-OVER LACE WAISTS— Our entire line, con-
sisting of antique, cluny, Irish crochet and oriental lace
waists, liave been reduced 33 1-3 per cent less than
former prices. Sale prices now range from $7.5O \o
jjsao.oo.
SALE OF
Silk Shirt-Waist Suits
Balance of our Silk- Shirt-Waist Suits, made of taf-
fetas, foulards and other fancy silks; pre- <tj m QQ
viously sold for $27.50 to $1$. will be closed |rVi«w
out Monday at ¦ V ""
Vast reductions on Summer Goods in all
918-922 Market Street?
EVZBT COPY OF
THE SUNDAY CALL
(To-day's issue) contains the
Art Supplement "OLD HOME-
STEAD,*" and failure to receive
the same should be reported to
your Carrier or Agent at once.
no ii sc /
Furnishing
Extra Va I ues Th is Week
CpmmeDCing Mondag, JuIq 27th, we
will place on sale a large shipment
of NEW LACE CURTAINS In Irish
Point, Arabian, Battenherg, Madras,
Bonne Femme, Colonial Net and Not-
tingham. Our stock of ahove goods
Is most complete, and our customers
can rein on getting the newest and
best gualities at the lowest prices.
:• EXTRA EXTRA
200 dozen double 125 Weaclied satin
damask bleached din- damask Table Cloths,
ner Napkins, 23 Inches beautiful designs, size
sauare, veru handsome 3 oards loner and 2
desiuns. \ uards wide.
Price $2,50 doz. Price $3.00 each
Regular Yalue $3.00. Regular value $4430.
I 111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
AD VEB.TISEH "tSTTS. •_ '
|/?^ BABY'S I
t Jx I) hLItiff 1 1
r%> J 1 i llMhllllT I
i^ f* \MliLL\JM\i I
I£C^3b^ ¦• . . MM
L."' «¦— rV ¦— — —^— — .- ' JSS
1 ]HOR IRRITATIONS,CHAFINGS;iTCHINGS, I
p H Rashes, Heat, Peispiration, Lameness, and Soreness no H
M * other application so sooUiing, copling, and healing as a ' H
|| bath with CuncuRA Soap, followed by gentle anoint* '{ m
[^ ings with CuncuRA, the Qreat Skin Cure. It nieans instant If
m relief f or skiihtortured babies 'and .rest/ for tired mothers. H
p No amount of pezsuasioa can induce /mothers who have once used ||
g Chese great skin purifiers and beautifiers to use any others for pre- H
g| serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands 9
tej of infants and children. CUTICURA^ SOAP combines delicate @
j& emollient properties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, H
0\ with the purest of cleansing ingredients,, and the most refreshing of KI
jg| flower odours. -Together they form the only speedy, economical, 9
W\ and infallible cure of itching, scaly, and crusted humours, rashes, m
pj and irritations of the skin, scalp, and hair from infancy to age* |||
H Guaranteed absolutely pure. 11
H Sold throogboat the world. British Depot: F. Nswbsry & Soks, 27 Charterhouse Sq., ' I
London, E.C. Potter Dkug akd Chemical Corporation, Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. Ha
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
THE INTERIOR OF THE EYE
has no secrets when examined by Mr
Oorue Mayerle. the German Expert Op-
COMMANDER U. S. NAVY
MARE ISLAND. C*l.. July 20 '03.
Mr. George Mayerle— Dear Sir: The ey«-
«!asses you made for me are the moat sat-
UfactorypaJr I have had in th« laat thirty
years. The Quality of the lenws. fit of
frame and hoW of cllpi are all that could
be required Check In payment is Inclosed
herewith. Very respectfully.
> -; W. W. KIMBALU
Commander U. S. Nary.
CHIEF JUSTICE
and ex-Governor Lord of Oregon say»- I
have been using your glasses for several
years with great benefit to myself. I take
Pleasure In bearing testimony to their
worth. My wlfo Is equally well pleased
with her glasses. Tours truly,
WILUAM P. LORD.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Who used George Mayerle's glasses during
the Spanish-American war. and is stilt
using them with much satisfaction, highly
recommends their superiority and sends tha
following testimonial:
Mr. George Mayerle— My Dear Sir: I am
still using with much satisfaction th«
glasses you sent me at Manila: also, the
new ones suit my eyes perfectly. Tours
very truly. GEOROE DBWBT.
orncE chief op police.
It gives me much pleasure to recommend
to the public Mr. George Mayerle of San
Francisco. I have been using glasses for
the past four years and during that time
have consulted several opticians, but not
until I had consulted Mr. George May«r!e
and had him fit glasses to my eyes, did I
get entire satisfaction. Most respectfully.
J. H. ANDERSON. Sergeant of Police.
ntOai BEV. HE3TKT X. WTKAV, C.
S. P., ST. MAST'S CHURCH.
628 California St., San Pranciico.
ST. MART'S CHURCH. PaulUt Fathers.
<S28 California St., San Francisco, Au-
gust 25, {902.
Mr. George, Mayerle — Dear Sir: The
glasses which you sent mo suit me exactly.
The longer I use them the better I tike
them. It affords me put pleasure to rec-
ommend you to others. Very- sincerely
yours.
- REV. HENRY H. TVTMAN. C S. T>.
OEVSXAXi WTT.T.TAM BOOTH
Honestly and conscientiously recommend*
George Mayerle'* glasses, which were made
for him while In San Francisco. He high-
ly appreciates the soothing and strength-
ening effect they have on his eyes.
Prom Oencntl Win. S. Shafter.
Mr. George Mayerle. San Francisco
Dear Sir: The glasses made by you re-
ceived yesterday. 1 have n«v«r been bet-
ter fitted than with this pair. Very truly
yours. WILMAM R. SHAFTER
Major General U. S. A
GERMAN EYEWATER
Inrtantly relieve* all Ey. Trouble.
makes weak eyes atroagr, SOc: bV
m&U 63c. * "^
The clear, lustrous eye. sparkling wtth
health. Is always attractive. On the other'
hand, there Is nothing so forbidding as
«yes that look out from Inflamed, rough or
.wollen lids: 'vea that squint from narrow
silts, surrounded by wrtnklesi •«"•>"»
But why should there be any •uch* r T .
beauty means eye health, and eye health is
easily attained. B« sure that you git the
genuine bearing the trademark, an Eye In
a Ciewn. and signature of
CEOROBjn«YERUE.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Optical Institute Charter M»mk«
<iTr f K t1 e$ an .t A T la F Cm Oi 1&I
BuYldtng.^e a r S Sevfn'th° 8^ t Ue <*»***»
South S7X.Pages 33 to 44
t-ACTlXlTJCKTO. July fS.— Governor Tardc*
liar aj-pdHtMl h. J. l$ak<T <-crawlssSoncr <?t the
I^ke Tahoe SUtc road, Wee Muu Verosa,
turn expired.
' ¦ ROME, July . 23.— On the ¦ stroke of mid
day, as the noon .gun in | the castle' wait
fired the lying in -itate of. Pope Leo XIII
came • auletly .to *an ' « nd \ and : thos * ' f^
who still ¦. llncered ; a t. the $ gates | of _ the
Chapeh'of ' tbe;-Sacrament ; ; inr St. 'Peter's
were "ordered "'to • leave • and > some; tVo- or
three hundred person?! Including Cardinal
Goosens, who., arrived f rom • Mechlin just
In time. . passed slowly out* of ; St. Peter's
into the -i sunlit* piazza, -'and* the world's
last farewell to: thegreat:Pope was over:
Ten minutes; later infantry and
gendarmes poured out' of the basillca~and
Lying in 1 State of Dead Pope Ends at
1 ' Stroke of ( Midday.
PUBLIC?S LAST VIEW.
'¦-< An anonymous pamphlet has been pub
lished containing accusations against Car
dinal' Rampolla- aud has? been' forwarded
the Cardinals, behind the grating, were
tho i ladles of tire aristocracy and the
family of the Pope. The diplomatic body
also was present, as .were many men of
Roman aristocracy! led by Prince Mar
rlmo, who claims descent from, Quintus
Fablus Maxim,' In his uniform of Papal
Postmaster' General. General de Cha
rette, the oldest veteran of the papal
army, .who fought as commander; of the
Zouaves against the Italians ln"lS"0, was
among those who attended the ceremony.
Tho rivalry between 'Cardinals who are
partisans: of : the various candidates for
the papal' see Is becoming more and more
interesting- 'every day. ;'• - .
I In the last day. or two attacks have been
made : upon ¦]" Cardinal ¦¦Vlcenzo 'Vannutelli
because he j had , written, a letter/ to -each
of the foreign Cardinals, In which he.rec
ommended tho election of his ¦ brother!
Cardinal j Serafino, Vannutelll. .. But things
hayo cone even further,'- for a" number of
monslgnors \ have "been j cent to /meet ;, va
rious -.Cardinals before .they reach .Rome
to tryto persuade them to vote for one
or ' another .' of : ! the , candidates.'- It -is "al
leged • that a number s of. ; Cardinals have
been ( promised. Important posts at . the
Vatican ': to' obtain? their '- votes. '
Color life were given to the whole
gcenc by gendarmes and the Palatine and
Nobt* Guards. The last named ; have never
left: the body eince the Pope died. -'Above
Whf.n the last supreme moment came
the heavy coffins, weighing in all 1322
pounds, were rolled out of. the chapel, pre
ceded by mace-bearers and the choir,
'pinging as it went, and followed by 'all the
Cardinals/among whom the bowed figure
of Oreglia, the strong upright Vannutelll
brothers, the white-haired Agliardi ' and
the immense, black-browed Syamna. we're
the most consplclous. Pulleys were at
tached to the coffin and - soon, to : tho
strains of the "Benedictus Domlnis Deus
Israel," It was raised Into the. stone sar
cophagus above the .door, where It will
remain until the grateful Cardinals cro,
ated by the la'* Pone shall erect a suit
able tomb in. the basilica 1 . of St. John
Lateran, which, was chosen by the Popo
himself as his last resting place.
Thus was Popo Leo consigned' to. his
long rest. . • . . . •
The sad duties were softened and
smoothed by the sweetness of the singing
of the choir and the prayers of the clergy.
sounds and fights strange to hear and see
in a church'.
These two coffins were Jnclosed . in a
third casket of polished walnut, without
decorations.
. But the. list of -aH'£f, the --weapons em
ployed for or* against.. the various "pa
pablU" .- would /,bo- an '.endless one." Of
course,' it is not. the Cardinals themselves
who are the authors' or' ln?plrers of these
pamphlets: ; they'.' are , the work, of their
too zealou3 friends |n : lesser stations.
to all of the Cardinals. Another pam
phlet, also anonymo'us"," gives 'a pretended
history of the illicit fashion in which Car
dinal Seraflno Vannutelll accumulated his
fortune. ¦'"-...'•¦¦ ' .' -'.iv \..:.Y . .
tl The most ,lmp.o?lng ceremony to-day
was the reception .by the ; Sacred College
in the hall of the consistory of thtj whole
diplomatic body accredited to the.Vati
can.', Air of. the diplomats wore gorgeous
uniforms and the Cardinals had on their
magnificent, violet -robes and were seated
in huge armchairs, according to the right
of - precedence. The' Portuguese Emba3
sador,*M.' MartinH <1*-*nt<*H. dean of the
diplomatic corps, was at the head of the
body. .He advanced, and delivered an ad
dress in' French, expressing the sorrow of
all .the powers at the death of Pope Leo,
AVhlle'the bells of the basilica rang out
their dally .melodious noon chorus troops
formed in column and were; marched to
the barracks. Their Incursion into Vati
can territory ended without the slightest
friction. " ' ,1
It is estimated that 80.000. persons passed
the catafalque since Tuesday morning.
The last funeral mass' in St. Peter's
was celebrated; this morning In the chapel
of tho choir.'by Mgr. Panlcy, canon of
the Vatican basilica. At the same time
funeral masses were . celebrated in most
of the 7 churches of Rome.
lined up- on the- steps in imposing array.
The outer gates were closed and the body
of. the late Pope was left to the tender
care of those who- had watched by Leo
XIII In his lifetime.
Raising the Body of the Pope to the Crypt in St. Peter's
Pontifical Masses in San Francisco's
Catholic Churches.
The pontifical ma*s of requiem to be
celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral on
Van Nccs avcruc will b« the most im
portant local service in memory of the
late Popo Leo XIII. Solemn mass of
requiem will occur also in every Catholic
church in the diocese over which Arch
bishop Riordan has jurisdiction.
The service In the cathedral is to take
place at 11- o'clock, while In . the other
churches Ibe cervices will tak>; place at
9 o'clock. This plan will enable the
majority of the Catholic clergy to hold
Lhe requiem services in their own churches
and tb*»n take part in the memorial
service in the cathedral.
Arch bishop Riordan will take part in
the pontifical requiem man and will be
assisted by Coadjutor Bishop Mont
gomery, Bishop Libert of Hawaii and the
most important church dipnitarlca of the
'liocese. who have boen invited by the
-\rchbishop to be present.
The inut.1c.al portion of the service will
consist of Mczsrt's requiem mass, con
tsidercd to bo the most inspiring of all
mclj composition*. The regular choir will
be doubled and assisted by an auxiliary
choir and an orchestra, under tl»e direc
tion of Organist It. J. Harrison.
Vicar General Prendergast and the
clergy attacbt-d to 6t. Mary's Cathedral
also will officiate at the pontifical maus,
which will ine'ude a panegyric of the late
Pontiff. The gathering of the clergy and
la!ty is likely to be one of- the most dis
t;pgul?he<J Been in the city in recent years.
At ihe requiem mass to 5c celebrated
at old Et. llary's Church by the Paulfst
Fathers the s*rvlrc will be conducted by
Rev. Walter E. Hopper. The eermon will
»>e preached by Rev. Henry Ignatius
Btark.
At St. Doroinlc'e Church. Bush and
litelner ttrects # a solemn Teauiem mass
will be tungr, commencing at 11 o'clock.
The Rev. M. J. Folcy of New York will
!<#> the celebrant. He will be assisted by
the Rfv. F. B . \ Vclch> o , p M deacon
iind the- Rev. F. B. Clync. O. P.. as rub
-i'-acoa. Tho Rcrrnon will be preached by
tho Rev. J, b. O'Connor of New- York.
Special muiic lias been prepared by Dr.
fitcwart, the director and orgajrist
At 6t. Ignatius' Church Cagliero'6 cele
brated funeral mass will be rendered by
/!ii enlarged choir at half past 10 o'clock
Bretbovtn's Marche Funebre will be play
rd as an organ postlude. At half past 7
o'clock in the evening h memorial ser
vice will be bdfl instead of the regular
vesper service. The musical programme
will include th» "Stabat Mater." Slgnor
Borgbese will ting the "Pro PeccaUs."
TO-DAY'S BEQTJTEM SERVICES.
Despondent Laborer Adopts a Terri
ble Method for Self-De
straction.
BAN BERNARDINO. July tS.-A miner
in the employ of the Edison Electric
Light Company at its construction plant
in Lyttlc Creek Canyon committed sui
cide in a etrange as weil as an original
manner Ehort'.y before midnight. He took
(i giant powder cap, such as are used in
exploding blasts in tunnel work. To this
lie attached a fuse and forcing the cap
as far down his throat^s possible, Ughl
i'1 the protruding tnd.
The concussion tore a terrible opening
in the man's throat, mangling the tongue
an<3 palate and oau^lnp blood to flow pro
fusely. When found by a fellow work
man a few nHn»*»l later he was- still liv
ing. He was placed. In a wagon and
driven lo the county hospital in this city,
but was dead when the wagon arrived.
DcEpondcr.cy Is thought to have prompted
the act.
EXPLOSION IN THBOAT
ENDS A MINER'S LIFE
VIENNA. July "25.— Details received
from. Budapest regarding the suffering of
an Infantry regiment front the extraor
dinary heat during a maneuver march
from Trcblr.ye to Eilek last Monday, on
which 450 men were prostrated, indicate
that bad handling of the regiment was
largely Tefponelble for the men being
overcome. The troops are alleged to have
been burdened with extra equipment In
addition to the usual heavy marching or
der, ar.d were engaged two hours in a
sham f-frht. This necessitated a forced
march in the hottest hours of the day.
The colonel comrsandlBg the regiment re
fused to grant the request of come of his
officers that the soldiers be allowed to
rtst, though he himself was incapacitat
ed, being obliged to finish the march In a
carriage.
• Before reaching Bilek the men fell out
of the ranks by scores. Nine died Im
mediately and twenty-two were carried
off insensible, ntx of whom died soon
after reaching the hospital. Seventy oth
ers are in a tcrious condition.
During the march the thermometer reg
istered 125 degrees In the sun.
The captain of another company that
v.aij operating In this vicinity ordered a
halt and brought his command in without
a *:ngl« prostration.
Considerable excitement exists in civil
and military circles over what is termed
the unjustifiable handling of troops in
time of peace. The War Office has issued
an official tLatemer.t In which it is de
clared that ev*ry precaution was ob
served and that the death, of the men
»va« irn* vouia bJc
The ring is known to have been lost
twice before. Among the state papers
preserved at Slmancas, near Valladoltd,
Spain, is a letter from Count Onver. then
Spanish Embassador at Rome, saying:
"Slxtus V has been very HI from anxiety
and vexation. The vexation to which I re
fer was due the missing fisherman's
ring. He carried it with him In a purse
and discovered that he had been robbed
of It by a cup-bearer. I7nlc5s the publicity
given to the affair obliges him to punish
tho roan he will not do so or even dismiss
him which shows his affection for those
who* lerve him. The Pope wouM do any
thing to avoid showing the world that
hl« confidence had been abused."
In September. lSK>,.the late Pope wan
one day asked for an audience by an
under servant, an<J, yielding to curiosity,
he granted It. whereupon the ma* enter
ed and. kneeling. 'Mid:
"Your Holtness, I have to restore to
you what has been a loss not only to
vou. but to the world."
* After these words the man proffered th«j
fisherman's ring, which had been fount!.
Pope Leo looked at it in surprise and
then said:
•'The thanks of the church are due to
you, my son. I shall sec that you *u*
rewarded." j '
The next day the • man called at tli«
Treasury an«i was given $C. The ring has
never been seen since, a? Pope Leo pri
vately hid It or locked it up, so great
was his fear of losing it again. The Vati
can authorities are confident that the
ring will be fonml.
On several occasions -the ting was taken
from the papacy by force. In 1797 the
French republicans, invading the papa)
estates, despoiled th* Pope or all hit
valuables and among them the fisher
man's ring. It was returned the next
day, as It had no Intrinsic value.
. ROME. July S.— The belief Is prevalent
in the Vatican that the mining fisher
man's ring has not been stolen, but was
secreted in some nook by the late Pope
stnd will in time be found. When the time
came to take the fisherman's ring from
Pope ,Leo's finger it developed that
another was put into its place. This diil
not surprise any one. as generally the Pon
tiff does not wear the ring, it being less of
an ornament than an unused seal. At
the first meeting of the Congregation of
Cardinals after the Pope's death, when
the ring should have been broken, the
ceremony was omitted and it was put on
record that the ring for the moment
could not be found.
Belief That Ancient Token Will Ba
Found Hidden Away.
MISSING RING NOT STOLEN.
After this the members of the diplomatic
body kissed the hands of all the C;»rdina!s
and especially congratulated Cardinal
Oreglia on the sentiments he had ex
pressed and which produced the best of
Impressions.
who had won the universal esteem of tho
world.
Cardinal Oreglia, dean of tho College of
Cardinals, arose and answered In Italian.
He thanked the diplomatists in the name
of the Sacred College for the part all of
the governments had taken' in the mourn
ing of the church. He eulogized Pope
Leo and his work during his long pon
tificate and ended with expressing the
hope that God wou.d suggest to the Sa
cred College a worthy successor to Leo
XIII.
The tris> "was undertaken as" the out
come of the chatting of Dr. Jackson by
a party of men in the University Club of
San Francisco one day last May. The
skeptics Insisted that- a transcontinental
trip In ,an automobl'e was an impossi
bility. The doctor asked for Crocker and
told him what the clubmen had said.
Crocker thought tho journey could bo
made, and so the trip besan.
Dr. Jackson left San Francisco on May
23, and struck across the country
toward the east, through Nevada. Utah
and Colorado. In all over 600O miles were
traveled In the sixty-three days of the
Journey. Durins this time thero were
nineteen days in which the cngrlne was
not turned. At one time the tourlata were
thirty-six hours without food.
NEW YORK. July 25.— When Dr. H.
Nelson Jackson of Burlington. Vt., and
Sewall R. Crocker, his chauffeur, reach
this city early to-morrow they will be
the first automoblllsts to have crossed
the continent from ocean to ocean. They
had sot as far as Fishkill. on the Hud
son, sixteen miles this side of Poughkeep
sie, at 9 o'clock to-night, and expected to
get to their Journey's end soon after day
light in tho morning. A bulldog, Bud by
name, is the third member of the touring
party and is not to be overlooked. The
faithful pet has made the entire Journey.
The machine has stood the long Journey
well. Barring a missing mud guard. It
I3 the same in every Dart as when it
started. Dr. Jackson says that the origi
nal tires, which are of American make,
are still on the machine, and denies the
story that came from Buffalo- that ther«
had been four replacements. The auto
mobile, of course, shows the wear and
tear of the long trip. . No trouble has
been taken to remove the mud. The ton
neau is loaded with luggage and an extra
tire. An important part of the former ia
the sleeping bags. During much of the
journey the tourists used them in camp
ing out. On rainy nights they slept un
der the tonneau and on fair ones in the
open air. Both tourists wore canvas suit3
and cass. ;'»1
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Forced March in the Hottest
Hours of Day Causes
Many Prostrations.
From San Francisco to New
York in Sixty-Three
Days.
Austrian Soldiers Vic
tims of Colonel's
Obstinacy.
The reeond coffin was of lead and very
heavy. On the cover at tho head was a
cross, just below which were a skull and
crossbones. while below these were, the
arms of the dead Pope,, with the triple
crown, but without the key?, asthey sig
nify living victory. This coffin was sealed
personally with the arms of the Camer
)lngo. The major domo of the Chapter of
the Basilica lighted a brazier, which -.was
used in soldering the coffin, producing
When all had been arranged the su
preme prayer was paid and the last bene
diction given, all present joining in. Half
suppressed sobs were heard on all cldes.
SUPREME PRAYER IS SAID.
When the body had been carefully put
into the coffin it was entirely concealed
with the red velvet covering which before
had been on the bier. The major domo
put bwide the body two silk purses con
taining coins of silver and bronzo metal
struck during Leo's pontificate. A eulogy,
written In magnificent Latin and setting
forth the great events of Popo Leo's life
and reign, Inclosed In a metal tube, was
also interred with the body.
The major domo then covered the- ven
crablo features and hands with a white
Bilk veil bordered with gold. Over this
the prefect of ceremonies spread a large
silk veil, which covered tho whole person.
Fire was lighted in a brazier, and,
blown by a bellows, the sparks rising al
most to tho ceiling, while Monsignor Bar
tola.nl read for twenty minutes the Orato
lirevl*. eulogizing the dead Pontiff, and
Notary Poponi. S4 years old, read out the
burial record, a service which he per
formed upon the occasion of the deaths of
Pope Gregory XVI and Pope Plus IX. *
Tnc MbnMgrnors of the Basilica, aided
by the Noble Guard, then laid all that
was mortal of Leo XIII In a cypress cof
fin, lined with red satin and bearing' on
the cover an inlaid cross, the entire
Sacred College and Prince Colonna ris
ing to their feet as a last tribute and
sign of respect.
In the middle of the right side of the
chapel, among the Cardinals, sat -Prince
Mercantanol Colonna, assistant to the
Pontifical throne, with an empty seat
n»>xt him. owing to the fact that Prince
Orsirl, who held the same position, had
resigned.
LAST TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
The body was sprinkled with holy wa
ter, absolution was given and the foot of
Lpo XIII was klsed for the last time by
Major Domo Cagiano. Master of the
Chamber Bis'.etti and Count Camlllo
PeccL
The seen** in the chapel was remarkably
effeetivp. The bl«»r bearing the body was
received by Cardinal Oreglia. It was
placed In the center, backed by an altar
with a beautiful image of the Madonna,
before which were burning four immense
candles in silver staffs. Around the two
sides of the chapel, in the choir seats,
were thirty-six Cardinals, all wearing
violet robes except Cardinals Gotti and
Perottl. who wore the white mantles of
tbe!r orders; Cardinal Martlnelli as an
Aiigustir.!aii. and Cardinal Vives y Tuto
in Franciscan brown. t
In the chapel the music changed to
notes of joy and "In Paridisum" rang out
with telling effect. From the outside the
five bells of St. Peter's rang their accus
tomed salute to the coming night, min
gling harmoniously v.1th the music of the
choir.
After slow progress around tho church
the ea.d cortege arrived at the chapel
choir, the bier being so carried that .the
dead Pope entered head first, according to
the ceremonial; the chapel, from semi
obscurity. flashing into brilliancy with
the suddenly turned on electric light.
Here all those who had received invita
tions were stopped, remaining' in the
main part of the basilica behind a double
line of the Swiss Guards, in their peculiar
yellow, red and black uniforms and
armed with halberds and serpentine
swerds. Within the chapel was XTount
Camillio Pecci, a nephew of the late Pope,
wearing the red uniform of a general of
the castle guard.
JOYOUS MELODY SOUNDS.
St. Peter's is peculiarly iitted to be the
background of such a scene. The cold
whiteness of- her vast pillars showed up
the bright uniforms of the guards, tho
violet robes of the clergy and the bier,
while the flickering light of the candles
made the funeral procession the only visi
ble object and rendered obscurity beyond
and b?hind it more noticeable.
Then to the strains of the "Miseriere,"
which wailed through the lofty church,
and preceded by a glittering cross held
aloft, the procession, carrying candles
and torches, slowly left the chapel and
went up to the church, passing the bronzo
statue, and, beyond, the shrine of St.
Peter.
Cardinal Rampolla, as archprlest of the
basilica, was waiting outside the gates in
violet robes, surrounded by the Chapter
of the Cathedral, which was led by Mon
signor Cepetelli. who conducted the ser
vice. Drs. I^apponi and Mazzoni directed
the work of the removal of the bier,
which was executed, by eight sediari. or
Pope"s carriers, attired in their brilliant
red robe costumes. At first they tried to
raise, the bier, but finding it too heavy,
they slowly slid it on a low car with
noiseless wheels. *
REMOVAL OF THE BIER.
OME. July. 25.— The body of Pope
"B^^ Leo w** Interred in St. Peter's
BL& to-night. The strokes of the
€»%. hammer, which resounded
through the immense dome of
the cathedral, announced to the earnest
gathering in the nave that Leo XIII had
been laid to rest.
At sundown the most Important and
most solemn of all the obsequies took
place. The front doors of the basilica
were closed . and the vast church, except
for a row of lights at the shrine of St.
Peter, the candles about the bier and those
persons who had gathered quietly and
with the utmost reverence gathered there,
appeared deserted.
About 1000 persons had received invita
tions to attend the ceremonies. The Car
dinals, who met earlier in the Vatican,en
tered th'e chapel choir, waiting there for
the arrival of the procession. Cardinal
Oreglia. the Camerllngo, holding the keys
of command.- Through special permission
a representative of the press was allowed
to enter the chapel of the sacrament be
fore the remains of the dead Pontiff were
removed.
Sobbing of Men
Attests Their
"Devotion.
Suffering Due to
Bad Handling
of Troops.
Chaffing of the Clubmen
. Leads to Making
of Record.
An Automobile Trip
From Ocean to
Ocean.
»
Solemn Grandeur
Marks Final
Ceremony.
HEAT KILLS
FIFTEEN MEN
OF REGIMENT
DR. JACKSON
HEARS END
OF JOURNEY
PRINCES OF THE CHURCH CONSIG N P0PE LEO'S BODY
TO ITS TEMPORARY RESTING PLACE IN ST. PETER'S
Pages 33 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUX.Y 2«, 1903.
¦ " ' '"¦'- -^1' -'•'¦"''¦: .1 ¦ ¦ > ¦'<'' '¦.'¦" ¦¦"' - *¦'..¦: PHOENIX. Aria.. July 2a.-0scaf Rob
erts of this city, made ainew record for
steer s tying In' the Arizona' tournament
hejd at Mesa City yesterday, tying a
steer in SOli seconds
Steer-Tying Record Broken.
' Minerva Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West." has completed all arrange
ments for its fan and parasol party to
be given in Union Square Hall next Wed
nednesday night in' eld of Its fund ' for
the, sick members of the parlor, .upon
which th*ra has been an '/unusual draft
during the past few months.
To Help the Sick.
The annual picnic and outing under the
auspices of the Swedish Ladles' Aid . So
ciety will take place at Shell. Mound
Park, Berkeley, to-day. Thero will be all
kinds of races and athletic events and
valuable game and gate prizes will be
distributed. To accommodate, the. crowd
special trains will leave at short intervals.
Aid Society Picnic.
Joseph Murphy, the eon of Jerry Mur
phy, a carpenter, residing at 528 Hickory
avenue, disappeared from his home Jast
Monday. He started to school and has
not been t-een by his parents since that
time. When he left home he wore a light
suit and a sailor hat. He Is II years of
age and has light, hair and dark blue
eyes. r . . . , _. .
Boy Disappears From Home.
John Elliott,' Eugene Mooney, Arthur
Moore and Emil Elverson. the four
youths caught stealing cigars from a
Market-street store, were discharged In
the Juvenile Court yesterday, their, pa
rents promising Judge Murasky .that- they
would keep a closer watch on them In the
future. • ' -
Youthful Offenders Discharged.
Emma Selfreld. as guardian of Carl
Lay, a 15-year-old boy. commenced a suit
for 125.C00 damages against the Mysell-
Rolllns Company yesterday. Lay lost his
arm In an accident while In the employ
of the defendant and the plaintiff chargc3
the company with carelessness. . v
Carl Lay Wants Damages.
Tnc Bishop-elect was supported on his
right' by Bishop Grace of Sacramento, se
nior Bishop, and oa his left by Bishop
Conaty, junior Bishop. -
The Archbishops were robed In the
robes worn, at pontifical mass, consisting
of purple cassock, ro chet, amice, • alb,
cincture, stole, pectoral cross and, yes
t«rc.«».y being a feast day, the feast of St.
James, they 'also wore red tunics and the
dalmatic and the gold or precious miter.
The Archbishops also wore red sandals
and red gloves, with ring over the third
linger of the left hand. : .
BlBhop-^lect Boeynaems when he first
entered between the two attendant Blsh'
ops was robed in purp!e cassock, rochet,
amice and white cOpe and purple blretta,
while Bishop Grace and Bishop Conaty
color . to the scene, but , withal It could
not be forgotten that the church was In
mourning for Leo XIII.
Almost punctually on' the given time. 8
o'clock. In the morning, a procession of
priests, altar boys, ".staff-bearer. Arch
bishops and Bishops ' entered from : the
south' entrance. The procession halted be
fore the altar, his Grace Archbishop Rlor
dan taking his 'seat In the sanctuary and
his Grace Archbishop Montgomery, the
consecrator, taking his seat in the. center
of the chancel. ; .
WEAR BEATTTIFUL ROBES. .
AMID a scene of religious pomp and
splendor the profound and rare
ceremonies attendant on the con
secration of a Bishop of the
Roman Catholic church were wit
nessed by a large assemblage at St.
Mary's Cathedral yesterday, when the
Rev. Father Libert Hubert Boeynaem3
was ordained Bishop of Zeugma, the ec
clesiastical office formerly held by Arch
bishop Farley of New York.
Probably never before In the history of
the Roman Catholic church has the or
<2!netlon of a Bishop taken place while a
departed Pontiff has, been lying In state,
and probably never before In the annale
of the church has the tame profound and
eolcmn ceremony taken place within a
sacred! edifice draped in crape and show-
Ing every sign,- both Interlorally and ex
terlorally. of mourning.
While the great windows were palled by
immense lengths of somber crape and the
cha-ncel rails and organ gallery were
shrouded with deep black diver bordered
velvet and the great pillars were bidden
with crape from floor to. ceiling, the
myriad of lights from the altar and from
the ehajwls on the right and left afforded
some relief and brightness. - -
The rich robes of the ecclesiastics added
were clothed In cassock, rochet, amice
and stole and red cope, pectoral and
white miter.
Seated just within the craped chancel
rail were twenty-one priests, including
Franciscan monks in their habits, and a
bearded member of the English. Capuchin
province, .together with devout Domini
cans arid Marists. Five Brothers In plain
black robes sat as -though they formed a
council on' the north side of the chancel,
and Vicar General Prendergast at the
south side.' •
When all were seated the senlorBlshop,
Bishop Grace, made request that the elect
be promoted -to the burden of the episco
pate and the mandate or brief -sent the
elect by Pope Leo XIII last June was pre
sented to Arjchblshop Montgomery, the
consecrator, by his notary. ~
The coneecrator then proceeded with a
categorical examination of , the Blshop
ekct, who proclaimed his adherence to
the orthodox rites 'of the . Roman Catho
lic church and her teachings. ; ;' .• :
IMPOSING CEREMONIAJL.
The consecrator • then commenced the
mass and the elect, with the assistant
Bishops and attendants, proceeded to the
smaller chapelBouth of the altar,-.wher«
he> laid, aside the cope and put on the
pectoral cross and, girded . on the stole.
He was., also vested -with the tunic, the
,dalmatlc and' chasuble and white -gloves
and white sandale. ¦' ¦ . - : - ¦
The epistle was then read and the elect
was led before the consecrator, who by
this time had put on his miter.
| After a preamble the consecrator, with
the assistance of thp. Bishops, took, the
open book of the gospels and laid it tipon
the neck ..and shoulders >ot. the Bishop
elect. The 'head of' the elect was then
bound with a band of linen, which .office
was performed that the chrism which
Is used for the. anointment of the- head,
might not flow down 'on the, face before
being wiped away by. the assistant Bish
ops. In the same way.' his hands were
anointed and placed In a -linen band,
which was attached to his neck and thus
kept until- cleaned also by the Bishops.
During the anointing of the head the
consecrator made thrice the sign of the
cross over the forehead of the elect, say
ing; ••
. May thy head be anointed • and consecrated
with heavenly blesalng In the pontifical. order.
And while the- sanctified oil was being
placed on the hands, which" were formed
In the shape of the cross, the following
was repeated:- -
May these hands be anointed with the sanc
tified oil and th« chrism of sanctlficntion, as
Samuel, anointed David, to 'be King and
Prophet, so may they be anointed and conse
crated. • ' •¦ -
' The 'Archbishop th§n made the sign of
the cross three times over the. hands of
th«"elect. ¦ ¦ - .:.'-.': ' . .
. • The Rev; Father. Mulligan took the pas
toral staff from an. attendant on his left
and handed It- to the . consecrator,: who
blessed and sprinkled , it with' holy water
and then handed It to the consecrated,
saying:, : . !¦•¦-." ; . •
RECEIVES PASTORAL STAFF.
Receive .'the.' staff of '< the j pastoral office, so
It has been stated- that other launch
owners had the right to transfer visitors.
This is denied by the commander of the
vessel, who says that only persons com
ing on Tucker's launches' will be permit
ted to go aboard. This arrangement was
made with Tucker, who agreed to give a
percentage of his receipts to a charltible
cause, and, that the French people of trie
city might be benefited by tho coming of
the vessel, the commander gave exclusive
privileges. On week days . the launches
will run from 2:30 p. m. until 5 p. m.
M. A. Tucker's launches, which hohl the
exclusive privilege of conveying • sight
seers and visitors to tho French cruiser
Protet, will handle a large crowd to-day.
The. first boat. will go from the foot of
Clay street to the cruiser at 1 o'clock and
others will run at short Intervals until 5
o'clock. '-' "\ ; :
Protet's Commander Says Exclusive
Privilege Is Given to Clay-
Street Man.
TUCKER'S PASSENGERS
ONLY CAN GO ABOABD
FORMER PRIEST OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH WHO WAS CONSECRATED BISHOP OF ZEUGMA
YESTERDAY AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL AND. SCENE- AS PRELATE ANOINTED THE HEAD OF THE
ELECT AND ASKED FOR HEAVENLY BLESSINGS. • '
The following named have been elected
officers of the San Francisco Assembly of
United Artisans for the current term:
Past master artisan. Adolpb Hoffman: master
artisan, KJizabeth Fowler; superintendent.
Joseph Dagneau; irspector. Robert Rienecker:
secretary, Charles Bottomley; treasurer, Harry
Carrtger; senior conductress, Annie Hodltz:
Junior conductress. Julia Bottomley; master of
ceremonies. Dr. Charles. Uthead; warden. Mar
tin Holmes; Instructor. Joseph Kohler; field
commander. Margdret Durkln; musician, Almee
Kohler.
United Artisans.
During •'« the ceremony of consecration
Mr. Harrison**- played Bach's Preludlum
No. 8, Webier's Andante Op. 49,%Beetho
ven's Adnsrio Son.a4.o No. 7 and Dvorak's
March : Op. 5S. "- .' -£' : v -•*=-'
•- R. J. • Harrison was the organist and
the quartet-was compassed of David Man
lloyd. Daniel Deasy, Eugene .Bournlzeau
and S. J. S?.ndy. -ll&tesgBraj'
¦•¦The ..following programme will be.ren
dered by thd Golden Gate Park. Band this
afternoon: . . ¦ . . '.
'. -PART I. • : ' : _ .;' -
•'Star- Spangled Banner." ' • • '
March", ."Crusader" - ...v.Sousa
Overture • ' ' 'Oberon" ....... i .... • >..Weber
Waltz, "La Gltana" Bucalossl
Fantasia from "Lohengrin" "...', .'.,.. ..Wagner
PART II: >
Overture. "Semlramlde" ........:'. ....Rossini
Intermezxo, "In Bohemia" ..., McCoy
"Medley of. Chestnuts" Beyer
Selections from "Mikado" ...Salllvan
Fantasia, "Marltana" Wallace
that In the correction of vices you may b«
lovingly severe, giving Judgment without
wrath, softening the minds of your hcarera
whilst fostering virtues, not neglecting strict
ness ct discipline through love of tranquillity.
The ring was then blessed and after be
ing sprinkled with holy water was placed
on the third finger- of the right hand of
the consecrated. The book of the gospels
was then taken from the shoulders and
the consecrator and attendant Bishops re
ceived the kiss of -peace.
In presenting the miter, which was
brought to Archbishop Montgomery by
Father Mulligan, his Grace said:
We, O Lord, Dlace on the head of this, thy
Bl«hop and champion, the helmet of protec
tion and salvation. 6O that his face being
adorned and his head 'armed with the horns
of both testament*, he may eoem terrible to
the opponents- of truth, and through the In
dulgence of thy grace may be their sturdy ad
versary, thcu who didst mark with the bright
est rays of thy splendor and truth the-counte
nance of Moses, thy nervant. ornamented from
his fellowehio with thy word, and didst order
the tiara to be plactd on the head of Aaron,
thy high priest. '
Later the newly consecrated Bishop was
taken bv the right, hand by the conse
crator. the senior assistant Bishop tak
ing him by the. left hand, and Bishop
Libert Hubert Boeynaems was seated,
now clothed with. the great authority of
the church. In the. seat previously occu
pied by the' Archbishop-consecrator.
Archblehop Montgomery then placed the
crosier In: Bishop Boeynaems' left hand
and, laying aside his mtter.'-the^Arch
bishop turned and began the Te Deum,
which was continued by the choir.
BLESSES CONGBEGATION.
' A most Imposing part of. the ceremony
followed.' As the. hymn wbb still being
sung Bishop Grape and Bishop Conaty.
wearing Ihelr miters, led the newly con
secrated Bishop slowly from the altar
down thp middle ftlsle.the latter mak
ing, the slsrn of the cross and blessing
the congregation on his way. .' On the re
turn of thb Bishops, to the altar the cere
monials were closed with Archbishop
Montgomery and the assistant Bishops
and the newly consecrated Bishop giving
the kiss of oeace. : -
The 'only other occasion ' on which ! a
Bishop has been consecrated In the "city
was when Archbishop Rlordan ordained
Bishop Montgomery in 1S94 and the late
Bishop . Ropert, who is succeeded by
Elshop Boeynaems. «• .. ," 'J m \
Among the prelates and clergy present
were his Grace Archbishop Riordan,' his
Grace Archbishop Montgomery, consecra
tor; Vicar General the Rev. Father Pren
dergast, the Rev. Father P. E. Mulligan,
secretary to Archbishop Rlordan and mas r
ter of thft" ceremonies; the Rev. Father
C. A. Ramra. assistant master of cere
monies; the Rev. Father Lagan and the
Rev. Father P. Scanlan. chaplains to the
consecrator; the Rev. Father F. Hamet
and the" Rev. Father Sylvester, chaplains
to the Bishop consecrated; the Rev. Fath
er Cottle. the Rev. Father Connelly, the
Rev. Father Superior Frleden. S. J.; the
Rev. Father Allen. S. J.; the Rev. Father
Clync. O. P.: the. Rev. Father Clancy,
O. P.; the Rew Father McGinty, the Rev.
Father. Rlordan of ¦ Berkeley, the Rev.
Ma rianus Fiese. , superior of . the English
Order, of Capuchin Province, and the Rev.
Father Auguslne. O. F. M. ¦ • . "«¦ .
Music atr.the. Park.
Colonel A. S. Hubbard. Registrar of the
.California Society of the Sons or the
American Revolution, has received from
the French Government, through the Sec
retary of State at Washington. *b; C, a
roster of the French army and navy that
came to the United States in the year.*
177!M7s3 and aided General Washington In
establishing the independence of the
American people, and capture of the
English navy under Lord Cornwallis at
Yorktown. Va.. October IS. 1781. The
volume, which contains several hundred
pages, is very valuable from a genealogi
cal standpoint for Frenchmen ia the
United States whose ancestors participat
ed In the American Revolution, The pub
lication Is embellished with steel . en
gravings of General Washington, also of
the generals of the French army and of
the admirals cf the navy who assisted in
gaining American independence.
Of Historical Value.
ALL that was mortal of the late
Rev. Dr. Robert Cheater Foute
was laid to rest yesterday In Cy
press Lawn Cemetery. The fu
neral services preceding the in
terment, were held in Grace Episcopal
Church, • of which the dead -.clergyman
had lone been the rector.
The chancel cf the edifice was a mass
of blooms and the casket was hidden I
beneath the floral j tributes to the dead
pastor. -According 'to the wishes of tho
deceased. the funeral ceremonies were of
the simplest . character. There was no
eulogy delivered", no' funeral address; only
the readlns of the lesson by Rev. Dr.
McClure of Oakland. Bishop Nichols was
officiating clergman. and Episcopalian
ministers from all over the State partici
pated 1n the services, robed in their vest
ments.
The choir of the church, comprising
twenty voices, furnished the music. S.
Homer Henley rendered a solo. "Eye
Hath Not Seen," by Gaul. The choir sang
the Buriat Anthem InF minor by Felton.
"Lead. Kindly Light." Gerrish's "Mise
rere" and the recessional, "The Strife Is
O'er," which closed the services. William
Henry Holt presided at the organ.
The honorary pallbearers were repre
senting the standing committee of the
diocese of California: Clerical members-
Rev. E. L. Parsons, Rev. Dr. -Bakewell:
lay members— A. N. Drown. C. W. Hav
en. William Babcock, Admiral Kempff,
The vestry of Grace Church was repre
sented by L. M.- Rlngwalt.and William
Mlntzer wardens, and William. H. Crock
er. Thomas P. Woodward. Klrkham
Wright, A. B. McCreery. George B.
Hooke Herbert Folger. William M. Givln
and \V. S. Tevls.
The body of the church was crowded
with mourners and the grief displayed by
those present showed . how highly they
had held the dead clergyman in their es
teem. ?¦.%;.'--; ¦-'-Vr : .- ¦' -/i . ¦ ,'. . ;• .
Rev. Father. Sardi .will preach at the
10130 o'clock mass this fhorning In St. Ig
natius Church. Rev. Father Mahoney
will deliver, the discourse In the. evening.
' The ¦ forty- hours' devotion will begin
J.h{s ".day In St. Mary's <Paulist) Church
at high mass. Mass of peace will be said
Monday at 9 o'clock and a mass of re
paration Tuesday at 9 o'clock. Requiem
high mass will be celebrated this morning
at 9 o'clock. Rev. H. Stark will preach
at the 11 o'clock mass this morning.
The Rov. John Thompson. D. D., -will be
the speaker at the men's ma«s meeting
at the Young Men'f Christian Association
auditorium," Mason and Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock. His subject. will
be "A Book for Young Men." Mr. and
Mrs. Baker, the blind singer* of.Philadel
phia,'will sing . several selections. The
service will be exclusively for men. *
• First U. P.— Morning. "The Deed of Deeds";
evening. /'Seeking aad Finding Christ"; pat
tor. Rev. H. H. Ben. '& *,:;'¦¦. ¦
. Second. Unitarian— Mbming. "The.'Gosp*! of
Conscious Power"; pastor. Rev. Jay William
Hudson.. .'...- '¦:-'.' "-..-
First Congregational— Morning.- "Jehovah a
Devcrurtng ,Flre": .evening,- "The - Lordship of
Je»us";' pastor. Rev. George C. Adams.-
Third Congregational — Morning. ''Some
Needs of the Word -That • the Church Must
Meet"! evening, "Unwashed Hands." by Rev.
G»orce H. de Ka.v. k •» ¦ • . • , ; . "•.;
Kir.anuel Evangelical — Morning.- "Progress In
Christianity Cause of Great Jay': evening. "A
Call fcr Help"; pastor.. Rev. ¥.. W. Fischer.
Trinity M. E.— Morning. "Tbes«. for Those";
evening.' "Present Peril" ; .paator, :Rev. John
A. B. Wilson. • •
First English Lutheran— Morning. "Feeding
the Five Thousand": evening:. "Ancient Weap
ons for Present Use"; pastor. Rev. £* Ne
landeK •• - -¦• •
First M.- E.— Morninr. ' "The Shepherd of
Tfckf>a and His Message"; evening. "Christ's
Challenge to Our Unrest"; pastor. Rev. Frank
K. Bak«r. • .
Simpson Memorial M. E.— Morning. "The
Secret of • the Lord"; evening,. "Th<5 Roman
Type of CbrHtlanity"; pastor. Rev. John Ste
phens.
Grace M. E— Morning. "Haw Will the Cotn
lnjt Man Observe Sunday?" evening. Rev. I>r.
Whltlock of Ohio will preach; paator. Rev. F.
M. Larkln. * :
Howard-street M. E.— Mornln*. "The Vision
of Faith"; evening preaching; pastor. B«v. A.
C. Eane. # .: . ' ¦
Services at the churches this day are as
follows: . :.•>'.
Interesting Subjects Chosen by Pas
tors — Forty Hours' Devotion to
Begin at St. Mary's (Paulist).
SERVICES ANNOUNCED
FOR CHURCHES TO-DAY
The report shows that a great reduction
has been made In the running expenses
of the department outside the mainte
nance of companies. In 1S95-96, with fifty
companies, the sum of $230.073 74 was ex
pended, while for the fiscal year just
closed ;he total running expenses of the
department, with fifty-eight companies,
was .$112,805 2S. The total expenditure for
the various fiscal years follow:
1S34-5, $514.814 63; 1895-6. $717.202 70: 1S36-7.
$&43,402 46; 1397-8. $632,654 90; 1S3S-9.$63O,2« 21;
1S39-1900, $503.815 22; 1D00-1, $6S3,155 73; 1001-2.
$747433 23; 1902-3, 5S1S.CC3 45. ; - >,
Secretary McCarthy of the- Firs Com
mission completed the report of the de
partment yesterday. The report cover3
a period dating from the year 1S04 and
shows the expenditures for maintenance,
materials, supplies, etc.. and the number
of companies la the department for each
year.
Secretary McCarthy Prepares Com
parative Report Covering Period
of Nino Fiscal Years.
SHOWS YEARLY EXPENSES
OF THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
f On Wednesday morning- " at 10 o'clock
United States District Judge Beatty K sit
ting Iir the United States Circuit Court,
will hear arguments for and against the
motion to. appoint James Smith Jr. of
New Jersey, as receiver in the case of the
Mercantile Trust Company of New York
against the United States Shipbuilding
Company of New Jersey and the Union
Iron Works -of this city. The motion will
b.c presented in the form of- a petition
setting forth that Mr. Smith was appoint
ed, receivex* in the case of Roland R.
Conklin and others against the United.
States Shipbuilding Company, and Mr.
Smith's appointment as receiver of the
Union Iron Work3 property will be urged
by Curtis H. Lindley and Henry . Woll
ir.an. The. defendants in the case that
was brought in this city a few days ago
by the Mercantile Trust Company to fore
close on Its bonds are opposed to the ap
pointment of Mr. Smith and the Mercan
tile Trust Company is alsaopposed v
E. S. Plllsbury.wlll be the leading coun
sel among the opponents of the petition;
It is' urged that there will be no neces
sity for Mr. Smith's intrusion into the
affairs of the Union Iron Works corpora
tion, which is operating ti.e .works under
a lease from the United States Shipbuild
ing Company. . and whose contracts with
the Government for the building of' war
vessels are its own .exclusive property. [
Argument on That Matter in the
Shipbuilding Case to Be : .
Heard.
OPPOSITION TO SELECTION
OF SMITH AS RECEIVER
The police are more ready to accept
this Jatter identification than . any of the
others. Kerr says he and Walker worked
together on the same .job and that he
cannot be mistaken. There is no clew to
the murderers.
STOCKTON, July 25.— Though it was
thought to-day that the Identity of the
man murdered ' near the Santa Fe round
house here early ' Friday fj morning had
been - definitely settled when two hotel
men declared- him to be J. K. O'Neal,
there have been. three other identifica
tions, equally positive, this evening.
It ha3 been learned that' J. K. O'Neal
was sent to Mokelumne Hill last Thurs
day by a local .employment office. A num
ber of people have, identified the remains
as those of James K. O'Neal, who came
here from Flacervllle about ten days ago.
The bodv':haa also been identified posi
tively .by a local saloon man- as that of
a man named Clark, whom he says he
has known for years.
On top of these Tomes "a fourth identi
fication. W: C. Kerr of Bakersfleld de
clares that he came to town v/ith the
man fast Thursday and states with great
• posltiveneas that the man is none other
than Arthur Walker, who worked In the
oil fields there. : ...
Many Persons Attempt an
Identification of the
Victim.
Police Baffled by Crime
Committed at
Stockton.
MYSTERY HIDES
THE MURDERER
RENDER SORROWFUL TRIBUTE
TO THEIR DECEASED PASTOR
Simple Services Mark the Obsequies Over the Remains
- of Reverend Robert Chester Foute, Late. Rector of
Grace Episcopal Church, Bishop Nichols Officiating
PRELATE'S ROBES FALL UPON
FATHER LIBERT'S SHOULDERS
New Bishop of Zeugma Consecrated at St. Mary's Cathe
dral With Fullest Ceremony, Officiating Churchmen
in Rich Robes Presenting an Imposing Appearance
THE.SAK JEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
DECEASED HECTOR" AND
SCENE AT CONCLUSIOX OF
FUNERAL SERVICES.
34
1 1 1 The -Ooting GirFsU ' ]
: : ; : [1 New Picture Pad [I
g You'll Never Guess What It Is Until You See the Full Pag« of Dar- p
H ingly "Strenuous'? Photographs From Mountain jrj
fj and Seashore in the ij
NEXT SUNDAY CALL j
Also Two of the Best Short- Stories of the Season, Which, of Course, [
Are Exclusive of the Clever Half-Hour Storiette Page. I
] THE PRICKLY PIG RED MOUNTAIN NUPTIALS 1
—ALSO— 1
TABLES FOR THE FOOLISH. NO. 1--THE SORROWS OF A SOUL. 8
WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. j NEW INDIAN CRUELTIES. [
C By Charles Taylor Jr. j By Gen. A. A. Burt, TJ. S. A. I
I. Fourth and Most Exciting Installment Yet of [
THE ftPRNHRPQ I
.*_" . ..By "Harry Leon Wilson. ' ij
Wherein TJncle Peter Bines Brings Billy Brne to New York to Show J
' . : -Him Fashionable Life in the Nickel Plush Hotel in the "
w .. Most Unique Way Imaginable. V\
M " ' ¦ • ——AXSO—— " '^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I We Trust the People ! I
O — — -^^^^—^-r— — — ,., , ___„ ... i . „ — , ; , i - '£,
I THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL: |
v ¦ ¦ • a
<Oj d>-_ This elegant Solid o
A' i^'jip'-^' *."--*-.-- - - f ..~*' H • ' - ¦// A reau and washstand V
% pg^^»vUf--~.r^^raV5 fh ''y/ H \\ , «well shaped, nu- p
A - J .j f/jA'Stfr^Zl ' "fl ¦ /I '¦'$$ \\ Iar * e and two ?mall 5%
"-• 'fi^ _ .T^^^?'^ y -'"f *jLVl ' H" "M.J.VJ <{£mP '^^«^t<?\f^^~T^ Very handsomely t '\
S '^.^— — '-^TTiiT *^^^^^^\ < V^H^*l^Jdfe^-J^ 1 rarve<1 - w °rt'i *30. ,5
f% ' . ¦ VVi'»^ '' • '-' ¦ ¦ need of anything in i*i
rj> '¦:'.;;• '• : r~Z ..' ': ' our line. «
8 EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., 13201328 Stockton Street I
£ W« rurnleh hou»e« complete. All cars lead to our. store. Country orders solicited, gAMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. July U5.— In a pitchers'
battle to-day tl'tc Washlngtons defeated Phila
delphia. Washington won by 'Hunching ¦ two
hits with a bate on balls and an excusable er
ror by Wadd*U in the eighth Inning. Attend
ance. 2700. Score: •..'•¦..•<>--;/•
-V R. II. E.
Washington ...'.'. 2 5 1
Philadelphia .. .... ........... I . 0 1
Batteries— Dunklc and . Klttredge; Waddell
and Bchreck. ,.
CLEVELAND, July 23.— Pearson, the pltch
pr secured from Homestead by Cleveland, let
£t. Louts down with six singles to-day, errore
by ' Jajole and Gochnauer glvlru? the visitors
three runs. Lajole'a batting was a feature.
Attendance. 0100. Score:
; '. . ' " r ->.^;\ ' n. ii. e.
Cleveland 7 10 »
£t. Louis ........................ a.. 6 0
Batteries— Pearson and Abbott; Fowell. and
Kahce. '
DETROIT. , July 25.— Long's . erratic wojtc,
due partially to a badly Injured hand, was
responsible for Chicago's victory , to-day. ¦ his
errors figuring in the making of four of the
five runs. White was put out of the game In
the eighth with the racks filled and none- out,
and Flaherty saved the game. Green was In
jured In the last inning. Attendance. 4700.
Score: "• -.«-.,¦,-¦
n. h. d.
Detroit 4 12 4
Chicago 5 02
Batteries— Kitson and Buelow; White. Fla
herty and Slattery. ' ¦ >
NEW TORK. July 25.— Sew'. York lost , to
Boston to-day, although the New Yorks batted
out a lead . of i five runs in the second ' inning.
Hard ¦ hitting . by , the Boston*, particularly In
the flxth, was too much for. the home team.
Cheebro relieved Tannehill In the seventh and
Young took the place of -Winters. In the sixth.
Attendance. : 6000. Score : . ;
' " ' ' ¦¦ ¦ . ¦¦ -,' "¦ ¦ K. ,:'H.M3.
New York .-5 .7. I
Boston 7 13 ' 1
\ Batteries— Chef bro, Tannehill and O'Connor;'
Ycuns. • Winter and Crlger. •
Honolulu Wants Baseball.
HONOLULU, July 25.— A number of
baseball enthusiasts of this city arc in
correspondence with the managers of the
San Francisco, Oakland and Sacramento
teams of the Pacific Coast League." An
attempt is being made to arrange for a
series of games in Honolulu after the
close of tbc season in California, and from
present Indications the project Is likely
to be successful.
Francks May Play on Coast.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. July 23.—
"Buck" Francks, shortstop for the local
team, left to-day for California, where he
wa< called by the sudden illness of his
wife. It is believed by many that Francks
has "jumped" to the Coast Ix-ague and
that he will play with Oakland.
AXTIOCIT. July 25.— In a hotly contorted
election whirh brought out a full vot«> for the
lof-atl'-n of th* hirh school In the lilver View
district. Antloch mas selected by a majority
of C7 vote*. __
The annual cruise of the San Francisco
Tacht Club up the Sacramento River be
gan yesterday. W. G. Morrow's sloop
Challenger left her moorings at Sausa-
Hto at 9 o'clock Jn the morning, having on
board her owner, F. H. Muchrnore. Hill
yer, Deuprey and 'W. W. Farrar. She will
return a week from to-day.
The schooners White Wings and Chispa
started at 1:45 p. m. for an overnight
cruise up the bay and will return to-day.
About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
flagship Thetis and the sloop Surprise
cast off from their moorings and started
on the up-river cruise, which will last two
week?. On board the sloop Thetis are
Commodore R. S. Brldgman, Joe Werz.
\V. Coogan. Leale Miller. Mrs. Bridgman.
Miss Edith Bridgman and Miss Nellie Ha
ley. The ' sloop Surprise has on board
Vice Commodore A- C. Lee. Alphonse
Hirsch, Dr. J. Novltskl, Frank Clodl and:
Mark E. Verge. The yachts made Val
lejo last night and to-day will sail
through Montezuma, Slough to Rio Vista.
Thence they will proceed to Walnut Grove
and later to Courtland. where th#y. will
be joined by the ?loop Queen and other
yachts of the fleet.
F. A. Hyde's launch Vladimir was aC
the club wharf at Sausalito yesterday,
having a new propeller fitted. The launch
Imp has returned to her moorings, having
been at S<iuth San Francisco, where she
received a new cedar sheathing from keel
to waterline and some new timbers.
jWill Spend Two Weeks on Annual
Summer Trip Up the Sacra
mento River.
SATJSALITO YACHTS
/ CRUISE -TO VALLEJO
1503. but its lead of a single point will
probably not last throughout next month.
It has played seven matches, winning
five and losing two and has 10 points to
its credit. The San Francisco County
Club has played only six matches, win
ning four, losing one and drawing one,
and has 9 points to its credit. It is highly
probablo that when the San Fran
cisco County team shall have play
ed seven matches it will, hare 11
points to Its credit. The Pacific team has
3 points, with a chance of adding to the
number in the match at the seashore to
morrow.
NEW YORK, July 25.— A sale of horses
in training, of various owners, took placo
at - the Brighton Beach track to-day.
Birchbroom. b. f.. threo years old. by
Ben Brush-Imp. Ittrset. winner of tho
Brighton Oaks, was the star of tho sale,
H.'M. Mason paying J3000 for her.
Birchbroom Sells for $3000.
Two stakes provided ample opportunity
for wagering at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday to the spectators in attendance.
The hares proved a good lot and the ma
jority of the trials were long ones.
This was evident in" > the consolation
stake, when an unusually large number
of dogs were withdrawn! because of the
severe running in tho open event.
Of the doss left in the open event the
students of form like the chances of Gold
en Rule. Prometheus, Pasha Pleasant and
Flora Belle. They showed speed over
their opponents and won their trials clev
erly. The results in detail with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores follow:
Open stake— Golden Rule beat Renegade
Ap8che. 7-0; Mollle Me beat Topsy Turvey, 6-3;
Meddlesome beat Lord Granard. 0-7; Toronto
beat Lady Granard. 6-0; Black Flush beat
Kaclng Glancer. 7^4; Loretta beat F*re«» Born.
y-2: Rook and Rye beak.' Yankee Hoy, 7-5; Pro
metheus beat Lady Menlo, 5-0; J. C. Heenan
a bye.- Bocco Girl T.ithdrawn; -McIIenry beat
Snapper Garrison. 3-1; Doc Burns a bye. On
ward Maud, withdrawn: Bonnie Hughie beat
Creswlck, 5-0: Medley beat Advance Guard.
7-0; Master Clalr beat Rlenzi. 14-0; Royal
Friend beat Lily Wright. 13-7; Pasha Pleasant
a bye. " Gramercy withdrawn; Una; beat Lord
-Goff 5-3; Equator beat Teddle Neenan. ti-0;
Laughing Water beat' M if « Wilson, ltf-8: Re
mieso Animo beat Manru. 6-5; May Hempstead
beat War Eagle. 4-0; Hoddtnirton beat Belle
Lloyd, 8-0: Mies Brummel beat White Hat, 4-8;
OulUa beat Grace W. 7-4; Silver Cloud beat
All I$aba,.7-1: Lulu Girl beat Star Sylvanue.
5-0; Real Pasha beat Hard Lines.- 7-3; Fern
brook beat Idle Fellow, 7-4; Erebus beat Prai
rie Maid. 7-0; Yukon beat Lazy Bob, 5-0; Little
Lucy beat Patricia; 6-2: Flora Belle beat Mar
tha Washington. r>-t; Sisklyou beat Wattles.
4-2; Tobasco Bob beat Aggie W, <5-4; Viking
beat Sylvester, 10-2; Conroy hf at Terah. 10-1:
Pure Pearl beat Flower of Gold. 4»0; Youngr
Buck beat Gold Lily; S-4: Youngr Fearless beat
Old Ironsides, 0-5; Yellow Tall beat Tom Hur
llck. 5-4. *
• Consolation stakc^ — Renegade Apache^ beat
Topsy Turvey.'6-l; Lady Granard a bye. Lord
Granard withdrawn; Racing Glancer a bye.
Free Born withdrawn; Lady.Menlo beat Yan
kee Boy. 0-5; Snapper Gan ..son beat - Bocco
Girl 22-1: Crcswlck a bye; Onward Maud with
drawn; ¦ Klensl •¦ a bye. Advance -Guard with
drawn; Lily Wright a 'bye. Gramercy . ..wlth^
drawn: Lord Goff beat Teddv Neenan. 10-0r
Manru Wt Miss -WHron. .8-6; Belle Lloyd beat
War Eairle. 8-4; White Hat beat Grace W. 7-4:
Star Sylvanus beat-All Baba.5-1; Idle Fellow
beat -Hard Lines, 8-3; Prairie Girl beat Lazy
Bob »>-l ; Patricia ¦ beat Martha Washington,
7-1 :"• Wattles beat Aggie W. • 5-0; Terah beat
Sylvester,. 13-5: Flower of Gold beat Gold Lily,
0-1: Old Ironsides ¦ beat Tom Hurllck. 10-5. ..
The remaining rounds of the.two'stakes
will be run to-day,; commencing, at- 10:30.
At Union Coursing Park a . &i-dog. stake
will be run in Ita' entirety; the first dogs
going : to;. the : slips .upon the arrival of
the -10:13 train, i' The directors announce
that they have increased the prize money
irr the stake to be run one week from
to«day.' The. prizes ¦ will r be:; '.To*. the win
ner. .$100: !, runner-up, $60; next two. .WO;
lour at $25," eight at $15 and sixteen at $10.
Hares Lead Them a
Merry Chase on In
gleside Field.
CHALLENGER HALF-MILE
AHEAD OF OLD YACHT
Race Betsreen the Shamrocks • Is
Called Off for Lack of
a Breeze.
NEW YORK. July 25.— Shamrock III
had Oroppcd her trial hcrss a half-mile
astern after six miles of racing oflt Sandy
llook to-day when the fickle land breeze
deserted them, the race was abandoned
and the yachts were towed up to the Erie
Basin.
The light wind was west-northwest and,
toward the turn, north-northeast. Cap
tain Bovls luffed the old boat across the
stern of the challenger to get to weather,
but the challenger's skipper luffed and
drew away. Both kept luffing: until u half
mile from the lurn and it carried them a
good bit off tbefr course, po that they
had 'a run before the wind when they
l>ore off to make the turn. Shamrock I
T."as astern and blanketed the leader un
til she rounded the mark.
The challenger gained one minute and
rightcen seconds on the run to the first
mark. Once close hauled. Shamrock III
began to gain and* wan a ha J-mile ahead
wh<-n the race was called.
The yachts will be in Erie Basin until
Monday afternoon. Sir Thomas Lipton
will visit Washington to-morrow as a
guest of Adjutant General E. C. Corbin.
THOMAS SCORES WINNING
BUN FOR PHILADELPHIA
Washington Takes a Game Though
Slaking but Five Hits Off
Rube Waddell.
PHILADELPHIA. July 25.— With two out
in the ninth Thomas got to flrat on balls and
scored on Gleason'g two-bagger, winning the
«tame for Philadelphia. Attendance. 4500^
Score:
R. If. E.
Xew York 4 S 2
Philadelphia 5 !> 3
Batteries — McGlnnlty and Warner; Fraser
and Dooin. Umpire — Emilie. .
BOSTON. July W.— Boston took both games
to-day. Battery errors and passeg' accounted
for all the scoring in the first game. Malarkey.
though very wild. • was effecttve. Tlie second
game tjb a combination of hits, errors end
stupid playin*. Four pitchers were ut-cd. 'At
tendance, 4S51. The ecores:
Flrat gam«— U. 11. E.
Boston 4 8 1
Brooklyn ;t Ii 3
/ BatteripB— Malarkey and lloran; Gnrvln and
ftltter. Umpire — Johnst&ne. ¦ -—¦>¦;•
Second game — Tt. II. E.
Boston 13- 14 3
Brooklyn 10 1« -6
Batteriee— Platt and Plttlnger and Moran;
Doescher, neldy and Rltter. Umpire—John
stone. ,
CHICAGO. July 25.— Cincinnati an.l Chicago
split even to-day, the games being direct r<»
rerwUCwTlM visitors could do nothing with
Welmer's' curve? in the flr*t game, excepting
In one Innln?. and Harper held the locals down
the fame way In tbc second. Attendance,
11.500. The scores:
First came — It. II. 13.
Chicago « 11 .'{
Cincinnati ' 5 1 1
Batteries — Weimer, Lundgren and Kling;
Poole and Bergen. Umplre^ — O'Day. '"-
Second rame — . ' K. : IT. K.
Chicago ..............:: S 4
Cincinnati %--. S 14 0
¦ Batteries — Menefee and Raub; Harper and
Bergen. Umplre-t-O'Day.
PITTSBURO. July 25.— Is'ine hits off Leever.
connected with three errors In thefiri't Inning,
gave St. Louts a lead that could not be over
come by PiUsburg. Attendance, 56C0. Score:
n. H. E.
Pittsburp G 12 .4
St. Louis It 16 3
Batterien — WMhelm, Leever. Phelps and
Weaver; Dunleavy and Ryan. Umpire — Moran.
SEVERE TRIALS
FOR GREYHOUNDS
Kortljmg of San Francisco County
. ~ Club Stands Well at Head
of Batting List.:. -"" •;;
.A team of Pacific cricketers left this
city by the afternoon train yesterday for
Santa Cruz, where they' will meet an
eleven of the Santa Cruz Cricket and
Athletic Club to-day for the, second time
during the present season.
The team which will wear the scarlet
and black consists of H. .C. Casidy (cap
tain). A. W. Wilding. W. PethertckS F.
A. "Bennion. E. H. JM. Lannowe. Dr. O.
N. Taylor, E. T. Langdale. H. N*. Storrs.
.W. B. Kysh, G. S. McCallum and II. O.
Watson.
On Sunday, August 2, the Pacific eleven
will face for the third time during the
present season that formidable aggrega
tion, the San Francisco County team. Of
the four batsmen who stand at the top
of the list for the season three are San
Francisco County men. B. Kortlang has
played in six Innings, been three times
not out, has made a total of 243 runs,
giving an average of S3 runs. H. B. Rich
ardson has been"* seven tiroes at bat,
twice not out, has a total of 3)5 runs, or
an average of 61. E. G. Sloman has been
seven times at bat, twice not out, has a
total of 131 runs, or an average of 26.01.
His usefulness to his club, however, is
not represented by the number of runs
he has made, as in last Sunday's match
against the Alameda Cricket Club he was
at the wickets for one hour and forty
minutes for only 11 runs. - Harold Ward
of the Alameda Club is the only man not
a member of the San Francisco County^
team to have won a place among the four
batsmen at the top. He has been seven
times at bat, twice not out. has a total
of 195 runs, or an average of 39.
In the bowling list three San Francisco
County men stand at the top. E. Peter
sen has bowled 144 balls, capturing 11
j wickets for 51 runs, at an average cost
of 4.07. E. II. "Wilkes has bowled 210
balls, has taken 11 wickets for 66 runs, at
an average cost of 6. B. Kortlang. though
the wickets * taken by him have been a
little more expensive, has really done the
most" service r as a bowler, having sent
-down S37 bails, with which he captured
29 wickets 'for 1S3 runs, at an average
cost of 6.09. The nearest bowler to any
of these three is F. J. Croll of the Ala
meda Club, who has delivered 477 balls,
with which he has taken 18 wickets for
205 runs, at an average cost of 11.05. Har
old "Ward of .the same! club has taken 19
wickets at an average cost of 15 runs and
B. Bird' has 'captured 15 at an average
cost of 12.06 runs. V : l
- The Alameda Cricket Club stm stands
at the head of the list for the pennant of
PACIFIC CRICKETERS ' ':
PLAY AT ; SANTA CRUZ
SHORTSTOP PLAYS PITCHES.
Ho-wlett of Helena Does' Good Work
on the Slab.
STANDING OK THE CLUBS.
tPaciflc "National League.>
/ vr. l. r-vt.i w. l. rrt.
Los Auiv.5* Xi .«25 Can Fran.. 4« « .517
UxtUf .....5S r^ .«6!T«coma ...36 61 .414
jipokane ..r.1 S3 .305 * alt Lake ..7 12 .^6S
Seattle ...t« 40 .535, Helena 30 63 .o61
GREAT FALLS. Mortf., July 25.— Howlett,
Helena's shortstop, went on the *lab to-day,
an! with the exception cf the first inning.
Dttcfced etar ball. Los Angeles, however, -ir.
that inning secured a lead that wae neV-r
ovcrcomt. Umpire Warner wm Beverely roast
ed by lhe grand«t»nd c>ccupanta for , his par
tiality to the AngeK Score:
R. H. E.
I»s Anselec... 5 002 0 2 t 0 0— 10 17. 3
Helena 140010120—0 13 o
Batteries — Thatcher. A. Hlldebrand and O.
Hildebrand: Howlctt and Carrlech.
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 25. — It vas a. pitch
ers' liattle to-day between Pflester and James
WlSgs. the former Helena twlrlrr. the honors
going to the 'Frisco 'boy by a large margin.
Aftfr the first Innlngt when one run woj
>"ored, the local could do nothing with his de
livery. Attendance. SOO. Score:
n. n. e.
Parf FYanci«co. 1O0001OO2— * « 2
Salt Lake 1 O000000 0 — 1 o 4
Batteries— Pflerfr and Zearfose; Vi'lggs and
Anderson. Umpires— Glendon and Kelly.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 25.— Hickey was at
h!g b«rt to-day, sulking out eleven men and
fielding his position like a champion. Errors
gave Ta.coma. their two runs. Ecore:
R. II. E.
prattle 00000300 I— 3 9 2
Tat-oraa 0000O0 1 1 O — 2 4 1
Katteri**— Hlckoy and Stanley; Baker and
Uyere. Umpire — Mahaffe: 1 .
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 25.— Butte bunched
their bits and Spokane their errors and the vis
itors took the game in the fifth. Thomas was
batted hard. A batting rally In the ninth was
cut short by DowllnB. who went In then »nd
struck gut thjee men. Attendance. 1200.
Ecore: <»;«•' „
EDOkane S3 1 00000 0 — <5 15 3
utitte 01000602 x— b 7 4
Batteries — Carney and Zaluskey; Thomas,
Dowling and Swindells.
..Three In a row was the portion of the
Angel baseball gladiators for the series
so far when they had bottled up Uncle's
colts yestej-day at Recreation Park and
sent them away w,ltb.out a run and but
two hits. The Angels amassed a pair,
quite enough to win any battle like this.
The home team was not so much like a
bunch of Red Cross subjects and there
fore put up a battle that had tho real
ring of tight in it all the time. Kelly was
sent to first again and Willie Jacobs, the
San Rafael amateur, performed in the
rear of the plate. He made a hit with
every fan Inside the lot.
The first Angel tally was a gift by
Charley Irwin, who forgot himself long
enough In the second round to allow two
"balls to get away from him, while one of
the enemy wildly scampered to the finish.
The other tally, which arrived during tho
progress of the eighth, was due to three
solid bumps, coming just at the moment
when they were most needed.
Young Jacobs showed he was a game
kid, and furthermore that he knows a
littlcbit about the work behind the plate.
For. his appearance in fast company tho
lad certainly did more than well and won
the good will of tho crowd*by the way ho
tried all the time. His throwing to second
was the feature of the game.
His unerring wing caught Smith, Ross
and Wheeler at second and all by a vAde
margin. These men are the fleetest of
foot on the team. They have been elud
ing the best catchers in the league. all
season, so when they were nailed at the
bag by tho youth the rest of. the Angel
band 'looked wise and attempted no more
steals.
Dr. Newton, the big southpaw with the
breaking curves, was the man who kept
the locals away from the rubber. He had
them on his staff all tho time, and the
way he was pitching it was no effort'for
him to mystify thorn. In the second in
ning Krug and Delrnas hit the Doc safely.
These were the first, last and only binglcs
of the natives.
Whalen was also in the running himself
during the greater part of the engage
ment and had the Angela under ono of
those peculiar spells of his. But in the
eighth they opened up to, him' for three,
and these three happened Just right
for another run and perhaps two ¦ for
Smith's carelessness In gliding past the
second bag without leaving the imprint
of his foot there.
Dillon-started the second round by slap
ping a hot one down to Irwin, who booted
it.bj3.dly.* Cravath lined the ball to Del
mas and Dillon was forced at eccond.
Ross died by the same process. This sent
Cravath to third. Then Toman walked
and Spies hit to Shay, who fielded the
chance in grand form and threw to Irwin.
Charley let the bail get out of his grasp
and it bounded away while Cravath trip
pedz-to the rubber.
In the same round the home team camo
near breaking up the game, or at least
starting something. Krug hit and Dclmas
hit and they rested on second and third
after the throw in of Del's swat to right.
Two were down and Jacobs was due at
the bat. The trial of being up against
Dr. Newton for his first professional try
out at the bat was too many and be sadly
smote space three times.
3 be Angels, rushed another run over in
'eighth. Hoy beat out a slow one to
short and Wheeler sacrirtced. Smith
scored the dummy when he planted tho
ball in center field. Dillon was not lack
ing y with his usual bingle, but Smith was
careless enough to cut the second. bag in
his mad run over the paths. This prob
ably robbed the southern band of at least
another one. The score:
fc'an Krancisco —
Loa Angeles— AC. R. H. P.A
AB. R. IT. P.A.tShiy.s... 4 0 0 3 4
Hoy.cf.. 3 1/-1 t OjMeany.rf. 4 0 0 2 1
Whller,2b2 a 0 S • lllrwin.Sn. 4 0 0 3 2
Smlth,3b. 4 Q 1 2 UKrug.of.. .': 0 1 1 I
Dillon, 1b 4 0 2ft O;Lyoeh.lf. 30020
Crav-th.rf 3 1 O 2 0[Delins.2l> 3 O 1' 4 5
HO8S.lf.. 4 0 2 3 O Jacobs, c. 3 O O 1 '3
Toman.s. 2 0O14 Kelly.lb. 1 0 O 10 o
Sples.c, 3 O O « 0 Whalen, p 3 o 0 1 2
Newton, p 30001
Totals IS 0" 2 27 IS
Total9 ?8 2 C 27 7
RUNS AND HITS IJY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .0 I 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—2
Uaee hits.... 0 0 0 10 0 13 i_«
San Francisco.... .0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O » — 0
Base hits.. 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 O— 2
SUM MART.
Ptolen rwise— Wheeler. Errors — Irwin 2.
Kelly. Sacrifice hits — Cruvath, Wheeler. First
base on error* — Los Angeles 2. First base on
called balls— Off Whalen «, off Newton 2. Left
on bases — San Francisco 3, Los Angeles 7.
Struck out — By Newton B. Hit by pitcher —
Wheeler. Spies. Double play— Dillon unassisted.
Pasted. ball — JacobH. Time of game — One, hour
and 33 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Pacific Coast League Umpire la As
¦r/-:\ saulted by 'Hurlburt. . '-^
MORE TBOUBLE FOR LEVY.
PORTLAND. July 25.— After shutting the
visitors out for eight innings Hogg went up
in the air in to-day's game between Sacra
mento and Portland and allowed the^ylsitora
to pile, up six. runs. Thomas pitched steady
ball throughout. Hurlburt assaulted Umpire
Levy, but It was overlooked. ; Attendance. 3000.
The score:-" • v-V..'» ,--¦
U. II. B.
Portland ...... 0 0 0 1 0 0 2ft 0 — 3 11 4
facramento ... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 « 2— 8 11 2
Batteries — Hogg and Hess; Thomas and Gra
ham. Umpire— Levy. : ~
SEATTLE, July 25.— Oakland at l.-itt took a
game from Seattle to-day because cf thft Iat
ter's inability to';hit with the bases full -and
the fielding errors at the plate of Carrick and
Eoeltlser. Score:
. H. H. K.
Seattle > ° 0 2 0 1110 0—5 10 * 4
Oakland ...;.: I 0 0 12 1 10 0— 0 ll'J A
.Batteriee — Carrlck' and . Bocttigcr; Graham
and Gorton.* . • ;
Diypatcli to The Call.
NEW YORK. July C5.— Before a crowd
of yywo prrpons, J. 1?. Hagrgin's Charles
EIwo<jd |taTlop«-d home an easy winner In
the Brighton Derby of 110,000 at Brighton
Beach t'j-day. Tho Hagrgin horse was
.^ccond choice in the batting and was ad
mirably handled by O'Ncil. Slave, from
Ore* n B. Morris" stable, was plaj - «*d from
3v to 1 down to 5 to I and finished eec
ond, with tho favorite, Rigodon, from the
Keene rtnble, third.
They get away to a good start. CTNcil
at once seat Charles Klwood to the front,
followed by Rigodon and Siave.
The Ilasgin horse led passing the stand
the first time, with the field behind close
up In a bunch. Passing: the three-quar
icr pole the race developed into a pro
cession, Charles Elwood leading: by five
lengths, with Slave second, three length?
in front of Rigodon. In the stretch
Charles Elwood increased Ms lead and
Vron, bard held, by seven lengths from
Slave. Summary:
FIRST UACF/— Five and a hair furlongs;
t«o-yoar-o!ds: purse.
Betting. Barwt. Weight, Jockey. Ft. * 4 Fin.
3 to 1— Topic. 104 (O'.NVill) 1112
10 to 1— Petunia, 109 <<; a nn r m» 3 2 S3
4 to J— Haxeiwoal. 112 iR<virem>. 4 t :; 1
Time. 1:08. Start :»x>r. Won ea*i!\. Win
ner, A. Feathervtone'is l». €-. by Wzimer-Vlr-
Kinia, A. IV)h Murjihy 112. Ned Moore 1«>2. (>ra
dell fK>. Phaser Iih;. Kell»- of W»k«-neld »f».
' Ointment !«<. Clad Pinile 9i«. Gold Tip lui,
Head Lad 107. a:.- 1 ran.
SCCONn RACE— Steeplccliase; about two
nnd a half railee.
Hcttlnx. Horse. Weight. Jotkfv. St. =i Fin.
5 to 2 — Lsvator. J<J5 (M«.ra>. . .... 1118
ft to 2— Jdge Pliilllr*. 142 <H-nry> 2 A 2 2
»'< to 1— M»nilian. 139 <Saffc!l> 3 2 3 IS
Timf. 5:Ot> 2-5. Start good. Won easily,
dinner. J. W. Colt's ch. g. by Salvator-Hor
t-prings. Kulmlnate VSg. Kophonc 157. also ran.
THinX* KA<"*E— Six furlongs; tnu-jar-olds;
Neptune Ftaket.
rsntinp. Honw\ Wright. Jockey. i-"t. », Fin.
!» to lO-Ornindrs, Rpljt. 107 (O'M| 2 1 1 ~ t
1 to 1- Pentaur. 112 (P-urnsn 1 '2 2 15
4ii to 1— Midshipman, 107 (Hicks) B .*. ;; 4
Titr*. 1:13. Start rood. Won rt«!den out.
Winner. Papcfs ch. c. by Ormonde-Right.
IJou\1t 101. Sir Oartrr 104. al&u ran.
FOCnTH RACE — Ono and a ouartcr aii!es -
TJriP^iton Dertyj.
Jfcntinr- H-ors*-. WVljtht. J.x-k'-y. Pt. % tin.
2 to !— <"h>-. Elw«)O<l, HW HfSU) 2 117
r- tu 1— Slave, livj .,,.!.-,,., <i 2 2 2
J:; io 10— Kigurton. J2'i <<J«nn(m». .. 5 3 :> 2
Tim*. 2:05. Start good. Won easily. Wla
wr. J. K. H&KginV rh. c. by Pr<»stonp*ns
<¦)¦» tsh. <-ardfnal Wolsey in. River Pirate
!2C. Tantalus Cup I'*?. Illyrta. Ill, also ran.
FIFTH HAt.i; — One and an eighth miles;
i iirv-^ar-tiW* a»xl ur>: handi'-ai).
HrttinK. Uorff. Weirht. J.« key. St. "i Fin.
~ to La*y Htitentat". f>s <Rdfra) 4 -I 1 h
- to l ~Vax Qaata, i^j (Gssraon).. 2 2 2 1
v to 1— »<ir Voorhie*. 109 «O - Nc!II> 113 4
Time. i : r-J 4^-.. Stan gor«3. Won .Jrivins.
ITiaacr. J. Hurkliard 1 * ch. m. by Potentate-
Btxmtiirlac. Sladcrjr Dwy tr n<> # t>aly p«j alro
mn.
_ i
.FIXTT1 n ACE —Six furlongs; thrce-iear-clda :
i-.r«l up; f ":;tns:.
'IlettinK. Horw. Wcijrht. Jockey. t;t. *; f-ji,
il to r,— Ahovn«ion. l>»> <Hlclc*>... 1 1 l 3
to I -Oupood. liC «Wilk^rson»... «5 4 2 2
40 to 1— Isia. Hi*. «tj<rtonr. 2 2 3 1
Ti'n*. 1:13 t-i. htart r«or. Wen easllv.
Winder. C OxxV •..-{. l.y Be:t f trome-Adoni.
<">ur Kucgt-tt HI. Forward UCi. Baikal 101. Roue
110. <;f-nrral Prig 10T., .ludg- Fulton ©4. Faran-
IMW 113, Presrntation lfift. Double t5!x la" In
terval i>7. Elorim H»s. Lorket 112. also ran.
Sp^cUI Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, July 25.— Lueien Appleby, at
4 to I. won the Northern Handicap at
one and a quarter miles at Hawthorne to
day by a nose from The Conqueror II. In a
hard drive. Hargis. the heavily played
favorite, was third. John McGurk. backed
for a jrood thin?, was virtually left al the
post. Track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
pure*: ',_
BettinK. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1— Sweetie, 107 » Hel gesen) . . . 1 4 1 n
4 to 5— Mis* Crawford. 107 (L.
Wilson) 4 2 22
9 to 1— Buccaneer, 110 <R-~»"llms) 7 3 3 Ii
Time. 1:08. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner E. Ctnilftan'B b. f. by Bermuda- AHegra.
Salto KM. Tat Hammon 108. Nettl- Dutchman
101. Lord French 105. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; short course;
handles j>:
netting. Horse Wclyht. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
13 \r> :>— Ceylon. 153 (Owens) 12 12
S to 1— Indian II. 130 (Heuston). 4 12 6
5 to 1— Ariup. 145 <Brazt» 6 3 37
Time. 2:51 2-5. Start good. W.->n easily.
Winner. S. C. Hildreth'o br. jr. by Hindoo-
Amy Davenport. Hand Vise 135. 6Iap Dash
132 Fallela 135. Paulaker 13<5. also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles;
Northern handicap.
BettinK. Hors* Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
4 to 1— Lucltn Appleby. 107 •
< Wonderly) 2 4 In
3 to 1 — The Conqueror II, 100
• « Henry* 4 2 2 1
*. to 5— Hargl*, 105 (Helge«en). . . 13 33"
Time, 2:08 1-5. Start good. Won drlvine.
Winner. Pnrnell & I Hen's ch. c. by St.
C.«>orge- Levee. Nitrate 111. Jolin McCurk 108.
John Bright 1C0. also ran.
FOURTH RAC^-SIx furlongs; purse:
nettln?. Howe. Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
U to I— Ahola. 93 tW. Knapp)... 2 2 11
:: to 1— L'Etrenn*. 104 «Helgesen> 3 o 2 » ?
7 to 1— A D. Gibson. 10«J (Adkine) t *i * '*
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start go»d. Won easily.
Wlnr.or. Mrs. R. Bradlcy'a br. f. by Aloha-
Mrs. Stuart. Sylvia Talbot 101. Talpa UK.
Ooldcn Rule 1C0. The Major 0?, John Peters
107, alto ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a half miles; s?U-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, fct. *» Hn.
7 to 5— Hay ward Hunter. 102 (Ad
klr.s> 2 « 1^1
jo to 1-CompaM. 07 (W. Knapp>. 4 I £ n
7 to 5 — Little E!kin. O4 tJ. Bookr) I— -4 « -
Time 2..J7 2-5. Start (rood. Won in 8 can
tor Winner. C. K. Burdeau'e ch. R. by Hand
5prIng-Thc Lioness. Wing Dance If-', Erne
97, Queen Victoria'97, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One roll*; purse:
Benin*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Jin
13 to ft— The Otver, I«i5 (Wonderly) 1 J 1 I
.-. to 2— Rag Tag. 105 fAdkins). . . * 1 *- "
7 to 1 — Paul Whal»y. 105 (Henry) 7 « 3 t»
Time. 1 :4O T.-5. s?tart good. Won easily.
Winner, r\ T. Boot* 1 br. c. by Tirer-MUs t,ift.
Callant K»4. Berd of Avon 104. Father Wentker
1C5, Alum Water 102. also ran.
6TANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
TV. L. P'ct.i W. L. P*ct.
Los Ang ,.6t 37 .«3t Portland . .40 55 .421
San Fran.. 61 46 .570jk>ea.ttle ....42 58 .420
Sac'mnto ..57 47 .M8|UaUland ..46 67 .407
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. July 25.— The fourth race,
the Home-bred Stakes, exclusively for
Missouri-bred thoroughbreds,* was the
feature of to-day's programme at Delmar
Park. It was won easily by Bas d'Or
from his stable companion, Croix d'Or,
which had no trouble in outfooting
l>eutschlaud for second money. There
were seven well filled races. The weather
was warm, the track fast and the at
tendance large. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five' -and a half furlongs,
selling: >, » . •
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. "i Fin. J
ft to 1— Ocyrohe. !»9 (Bridewell) 3 i 1 2 .
1 to 1— MafalJa. KX> (D. Austin)... 2 2 2 >4
7 to 1— Scalper, 100 (Troxler) 1 3 3 ii
Time, l:(KI)i- Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. Burrows At Co.'e b. , c. by Dr. Me-
Bride-Ocypete. Hugh McGowan 07, Wreath of
Ivy ICO. Mendon 100, Sweet Note 103, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jock«y. St. »: Fin.
10 to 1— Sid Silver, 107 i W.Watson) 3 ii 1 n
15 to 1— Dolly Gray, 105(D.Austin) ft 3 2 h
to 1— Mlmo. 107 (Louden):. 2 13 >£
Time, lJl5Vi- Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. Lazarus' b. c. by Siddartha-Silver
Bangle, Olonetz 107. Pettljohn 107, Dotty Shute
100, flwift Candle 105. Tloga 106. Blsuka 105,
William Sulzer 107, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs, sell-
Ins:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 5 — John Yerkes. 112 'Troxler) 3 2 17
12 to 1 — MacBeth, 104 (J. Pheehan) 4 3 2 1*4
4 to ] — Charles C, 104 (Donegan) 5 6 3 »-i
.Time, 1:21*4. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. W. H. Robinson's b. h. by t>corplon-Cre
dora. Temptress 1<V5, Reducer 101, Aylmer,
Bruce 86. WeUesley 101, Northern Spy 104?
Kinsstelle 00, also ran. - ,
FOURTn RACE- Six furlongs, Home-bred
stake*:
Betting. • Horse. Weigh t. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
•3 to 5 — Bas D*or. 110 <Hlgglns) 3 111
•3 to .1 — Oolx D' or. 107 U.Sheehn) 2 2 2 2
5 to 1 — Deutschland. 113 tKelly;. 1 3 a 10
"Coupled in the betting.
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. Mulkey'e ch. jr. by* Doehart-Goldeu
Slipper. Zlii S5, Active 103, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Jlorxe.WeUrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Light Opera. 08 IF. Smith) 5 2 114
2 to t— L.Strathmor«\104 (D.Austn) 2 12 2'
5 to 1 — Orris. 'M, <Shea) 3 3 ;{ U
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. o. by Counter Ten-
Onllgbt. The Messenger 07, Kenova S'J, alto
ran.
?IXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
felling:
Betting. Hon^.Wefght. Jockey. St. «& Fin.
1 lot — Josle F. 100 <F. Smith).. «5 5 Ink
10 to 1 — W.B-Gates. lO.VJ.Sneehan) 2 2 2 S
4 to 1 — Ivernla 10:;, (E. Austin).. « 1 3 1V 3
Time. ! :37. Start pood. Won driving:. Win
ner. C M. Barrows' b. f. by St. Florian-Dot,
nle M. Judge Cantrlll 07. Lindenella 103; also
ran.
SEVENTH RACE— One nolle and eeventy
yards, celling:' "
XfrtUvs. Horns. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.'
10 to 1— Tony Lepplnr. 1"2 (Shea).. J 12
6 to 1— Eugenia S. 08, (Bridewell). 1 1 i' »J
SO to 1— Varner. 103 (J. £heehan).. 3 8 ?'i
Tim?. 1:48. Start kocmI. Won easily. . Win
ner. Newman & Ciean'y eh. c. by Donatello-
Kplnal. Pamplona 103, Ida Penzancp 100. Lu
nar 1«I. Little Lois 105, Pierre J ICS. Brown
Vail 103, Countess Clara OS, Joe Doughty 100.
alto ran.
Green B. Morris' Slave Takes
Second Money as
Easily.
Win Delmar Race in Which
Only Missouri-Bred
Horses Start.
Amateur Backstop Provokes
Applause bjr His Clever
Throwing. .; ¦" ¦
John McGurk, Heavily Bet
On, Is Practically Left
at the Fo3t.
Bas d'Or and Croix d'Or
First and Second
in a Stake.
Close Finish in North
ern Handicap at
Hawthorne.
Newton Lets -Uncle's
Men Down With a
Pair of Hits.
Charles Elwood Wins
the Classic Withomt
an Effort
HAGGIN CAPTURES
BRIGHTON DERBY
LUCIEN APPLEBY
FIRST BY A NOSE
THREE IN A ROW
FOR THE ANGELS
STABLEMATES
RUN ONE-TWO
RACING, BASEBALL AND COURSING
THE SAN FI?AKCJSCP CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. July 25. — George A.
Dlckson. a well-known theatrical man, died
at his home here to-day : of . etomach trouble,
aged 50 years, r. V
Western Tennis Tournament.
CHICAGO. July 25.— Play to-day ; in' the
opening games of the Western champlou
shlp "tennis .tournament '.consisted In pre
liminary skirmishes with Mayhew v and
Price of 5 Milwaukee, . tho only ¦ out-of-town
players present.''. The ¦ singles between
Bingham and Roche I resulted ' in i Bingham
defeating Roche. 8-6. 4-6. 6-3.. and was the
most noteworthy. game of the day.. N.H.
Mundy defeated Al Stags, 6-1. 6-0. Blake,
defeated < Mayhew. 8-6, 6-b* while Baker
disposed of : Price. 6^0. 6-2.- -j
35
¦'-¦- APVEBTISEMENm
ANNOUNCES
SPORTS
POLO AND RACES— August 1 • to 8, under
the auspices of the Pacific Coast Polo and
Pony Racing Asaoctatlon. B. M. Tobln Secre-
tary Entries t to - and Information from 151
Crocker building.- San Francisco.
AUTOMOBILE nUN— August 6 to 11, from
Ban Francltco.' including meet at ¦ Del -Monte,
under the auspices of the. Automobile Club of
California. F. A. Hyde President. . Entrltt to
151 Crocker Building, San Francisco.
GOLF TOURNAMENT— August - 24 to.81.-
unfier auspices of ; the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation R- Gllman Brown Secretary. Entries'
to 310 Pln9>treet. v 8an FrancUco. -
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP.- TEAM MATCH.
for Byrne" Cup. North .v».8<mth, .-.
- DEL MONTE CUPS— Amateur Tournament,
Ladies' Tournament. •
AD VEBTISF.M K N T8. ¦ n ' nnnnnr _._^ lu^\^ JV
Rheumatism
* ™^-> "THE PAIN KING/
Those Tvho have ever felt its keen, cutting pains, or witnessed the intense
suffering of others, know that Rheumatism is torture, and that it J is right-
Jy called •• The King of Pain. " .
All do notsuffer alike. Some are suddenly seized with the most excrucia-y
ting pains, and it seems every muscle and joint in the body was being torn
asunder. Others feel only occasional slightpains for weeks ormonths; when
a sudden change in the weather or exposure to damp, chilly winds or night
air brings on a fierce attack, lasting for days perhaps, and leaving the pa-
tient with a weakened constitution or crippled and deformed for all time.
An acid, polluted condition of the blood is the cause of every form and
variety of Rheumatism, Muscular, Articular, Acute, Chronic, Inflammatory
and Sciatic, and the blood must be purged and purified before there is an
end to your aches and pains. External applications, the use of liniments and
plasters, do much toward temporary relief, but such treatment does not reach
the real cause orcleanse the diseasedJjlood ; but S. S. S., the 'greatest of all
blood purifiers and tonics, does cure Rheumatism by antidoting and neutraliz-
ing the poisonous acids and building tip the weak and sluggish blood. It is
X— *S x*"*s >*^«*. safeandreliableinallformsof Rheumatism, Itmakes
£^*J UTN /^<^ the old acid blood rich, and the pain-tortured mus-
V^V V^^ cles and joints are relieved, the shattered nerves are
K»^/ hOj made strong, and the ecUresystem is invigorated and
mmg^ ***-«^ toned up by the use of this great vegetable remedy> -
' If you have Rheumatism, write us, and our physicians will furnish with-
out charge any information desired, and we will mail free our book on
Rheumatism. mE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. ,
I V , \ . '^ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'¦HHHBIlBaBHEBBaHHBHaHBHgHHBHHBBlHHllIHllBHSiaHBBEEBHnHnHHinffiBaBHBBain]
| OFFER TO WEAK MENl j
5 Do You Want to (l ¦••- ¦*. everybody ;
8 Among Men"? \, yJ~j^** \^ A Strong Man. 1
S I WILL PAY $1000 FORFEIT i
S For a case of Nervous Debility, VarlcoceJe. Rheumatism, Lame Back. Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney j
5 Disease that h-s not gone as far as Brlght's Disease, Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness caused |
H by Ignoring the laws of nature, which I cannot cure with my new im j roved Electric Belt, the marvel of |
n _ electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been Introduced. i
¦ THIS BELT IS COMPLETE WITH FREE ELECTRIC ATTACHMENT FOR WEAK PEOPLE. !
2 THIS 'ELECTRIC ATTACHMENT CARRIES THE CURRENT. DIRECT AND CURES ALL. , WEAKNESS. ETC J
¦ It develops and expands all weak nerves. No case of Failing . Visror, ¦ Varieoeele or Debility can resist the powerful !
m Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. It is free •with Belts for weak people." •
¦ No person should be weak, no person should suffer the loss of that vital element which renders life worth living-. •
Bl No person 'should .allow himself to become less a person than nature intended him, when there Is at hand a certain j
¦j cure for his weakness. " ...
n . Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach *>eart, brain and nerves, from which people suffer, are due '
5 to an early loss of nature's reserve power. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored. Thcfvery element I
g which you have lost you can get back, and you may bens happy as any person that lives. I
g Easy to Wear! Cures While You Sleep! Never Fails! I
¦ Cures Nervous Weakness, Lost Memory. Loss of Strength, Weak Back and Kidney Trouble, Rheumatic Paina In !
¦¦ Back,-. Hips, Shoulders and Chest. Lumbago, Sciatica, Torpid- Liver.. Indigestion and Dyspepsia. . | '
¦ Stom ch Trouble and I. beumatism. Vital Wcakmss.Varicoceb and Lame Back Lumbago, Catarrh, Cough. !
1 ¦ ' Tomales. Marin Co., Cal. ' Grass Valley, Cal. 10CO Carolina St.. I
¦ Dr. McLaughlin: .. Dr. McLaughlln: ,c an y ranC 4 SC0 c»L I
m I>ear Sir— One ; could not imagine the Dear Sir— Last July I purchased one of _ „ _ . «. T «,,^.,,_. vt^;- l
H siege of suffering I parsed through from your high-grade Belts and can truthfully vr - M - u - B nJin.
H stomach trouble and . rheumatism before say that I have not felt the least bit of Dear Sir— Two physicians had been treat- I
B taking your -. treatment. I had been sub- pain In my back elnce then. The pains Ins me for consumption, but your examine-' |
¦ Jooteii to severe drug treatment, stomach whtcb I formerly had. and which were the ticn showed my obstinate cough to be duo I
¦ pump treatment and diet treatment with- result of the varleocele have also dlsap- . to cat arrh of the stomach I was also «uf- 1
5 out the least relief. I grew disgusted with peared. I think the Belt Is a wonder, and .^ ,™m ! mivZ .-rf ~»Ik v.Tfr i» i
¦ them all. and as a last resort tried 5 our it did not Inconvenience me In the -least feriCB fI ? m Iumba «° "d -aeak baefc. In |
¦ Belt.- three years ago. In three days I- while I was wearing tt. I began to pick * wo weeka your electric belt greatly r«- |
, H 'could'- fling away my cane and In 'three- up a short time after I commenced it* use. Ileved my cough and catarrh, and within j
i months was a new man, entirely cured and . and the fact that I am able to tell you of one month all my paina -and cough were •
!¦ felt better than I had for years. Several my complete cure has given me such con- _ one y our vps lhe bMt j nves tment .
: ¦ of my frlenda have" since purchased , your fldenco In the treatment that I gladly rec- f .' ' Z^L "I'./lJ.ti « » » .?!?!. '
BJ BelU. I would not part with mine for ommend it to any one suffering as I did. l "ffJS*' 1^. and l Would not part wllh U I
¦ $1000 if I could not get another. Tours Yours very .truly. —. for $10CO. Tours sincerely. .
g truly, . . • JOHN B. GUAY. CLARENCE JENKINS (Box 6T&) JOHN JOHNSON. j
g Call and Test It To-Day! If You Can't Call* Send for My Book— Free. j
' ¦ I know* that no person remains a ¦weakling because he wants to: I am sure you want to overcome every indication |
¦ of- early decay that has shown Itself on you. I don't think the person lives who would not like to feel as bljr and i
° m strong as a Sandow, and 1 1 know that if yem have a reasonable foundation to build upon I can make you a bigger j
i person that you ever honed to: be. I want you to know that, you who can't believe it, and I want vou to have my !
i ¦ book. In which I describe how I learned that raanly strength was only electricity, and how I learned to restore it: ¦
' ¦ also I want to tell you the names; of some people who will tell you that when they came to me they were physical I
I 63 wrecks and ' are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood. I
j ¦ I want you to .read this^foook and learn the truth about my arguments. If you are not as vigorous as you would I
¦ like to be, if you have rheumatic pains, weak kidneys., loss of vitality, nervous spells, varieoeele, or any ailment ot l
' h that kind, it .would assure you future happiness if you would look into this method of mine. Don't delay it; your be«C j
S days are, slipping by. . If you want this book I send it closely sealed free if you send this ad. Call for free consulta- j
i Dr.M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market St. Abo B^ E "^ OT eo. !
¦ . ' Offlce Hours— 8 a. rn. to. 8 p. • m. '.Sundays W to t ¦ 5
iSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBgBBMMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBH]
ADVERTISEMENTS. V- .
HAVANA CIGARSmonths, at their home, Loma Prleta. In
the Santa Cruz Mountains, near XV'righta.
She has for her .guest Mias Annie House
worth. . * . • . , ' ¦¦ ¦ . ' ¦ . - -
Mr. and Mra. Samuel Rosenthal (ne^
Cchn) will receive this afternoon at their
home. 731 Fulton street, from 2 .until S
o'clock. .: • .
• • ' •
AT VICHY SPRINGS— From San Francisco—
E. K. Bergln. Mrs. L. M. Getz. Mis, C G»t7
M.Gets. Ben W. Day. Mr. and Mrs. A b!
Henderson, C. D. Mackroth. Mr. and Mrs. c
J. Harris. Mrs. I. Magnin. Mrs. L. Gasiwer
AV. C. Wright. Frank Mayer. T. M. McDon
ough, George McMuIHn, Mrs. J. g. Emerv
Mrs. J. D. Carter. Miss Helen Mason. Mr and
Mrs. M. Curtis. Mr. and Mrs. B. Stlnson.Mrs
C. H: Terry. E. R. Wright. W H/tt
F. J. Agnews, M. S. Mackenzie, George JL
Susman. Walter Rothchild. ¦ Milton Auerbach
T..I. Fltxpatrlck. Miss A. F. Brown? Misie
B. Culver. Mrs. W. W. Moore. F. J pickett
O. C. Irwln. A R." Goodfriend. William p**.
ton. Miss K. S«s.ton. Miss N. Sexton. Miss
\ oorsanger. Mr. and Mrs. C. Hale, L. Groth
well. George M. Ahrens. Miss Mabel Ahr»n».
Peter Robinson. Mrs. B. Sllverman. AH*e Sll
verxnan, Harold Sllverman. F. w. Schmechli
Mr. and Mrs. C W. Welch, Mlis F. W«lcfi.-Mkrs
M.'B. Conway.^Mra. M. Conway, Mrs. A. BuVn
nell and daughter. 'Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Kcnnadr
Mls« Ktnneuy. Miss V. Kennedy. Mrs I v*
Reynolds. Mrs. O. B. Phelps. H. H. Hewlett. T
R. Kavanagh. Mrs. W. P. Miller. Misa E. Mil
ler. Misa L- V Bothln. Mr. and Mrs. C 'ti.
Wollenty. Miss Boas. C. H, Kent, E. D. Wt>
ren. A. - R. Bergman. Mrs. F. Conkltn. ' Miss
A. Conklln, Miss E. M. Barrett. Misa M. M.
Steen, IJr. and Mrs. A. P. Brunacr. Mr. tad
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco— Yasha Elttroff, S.'Gru«nber« and wife'
Miss M.- Bray. Mr. and- Mrs. Edwanl St. Ger
main, W. D. Squires, Mrs. < O.". W. Caswall
Miss Julia n. Sharp. E. L. Banham. F. a!
Bergerot and wife, C H. Hlgirins. Mr. and
Mrs.' E. • O. . Rleser. From Baltimore — G E.
Sturges. From Napa — G. W. Hill and Thorna.
8. Hardln. r. From Oakland— Herbert F. B
Nottage. From Ssn Rafael— Len D. Owens Jr'
From Washington — Joseph -Hunter.
dleton, C. S. Omlck. H. P. Fessenden and wife.
William L. Smith. Henry Tyler 8mlth. H. E.
Hutchlnson. J. Landauer and wife, Mrs. C. L.
b'hainwaid, Mrs. R. S. . Shalnwald, Seville
Shalnwald. Richard Sbalnwald. W. A: Stringer.
Mr. dnd Mrs. L. E.. Lee.' Miss Nawton. Mrs.
J. S.. Newton, W,.E. Burgess. Mr*. George H.
Lent. Miss Hooker, Mr, and -Mrs. F. W. Dohr
man, Mrs. B. Paulsen. Mrs. F. Wiener. Mfss
Lillle Helblng. J. A. Helbing. Miss L. Curtis.
Mrs W. E. Burgess. Sidney V. Smith. Paul
Rflss. Charles L. Shalnwald. Xt. S. Shainwald.
Walter H. Knapp. Allen Sutherland. Mr. and
Mrs. A. F. Lawton. "A. Sllberburg- and wife.
W. M. Smith. J. F. -Moore, and wife. Mrs.
A merman. C. D. Stevens, 51. T. Heavey. M.
Hyman. Mr.' and - Mrs. - Joseph S. Spear Jr..
John A. Prlnsen. .R. L. Reed and wife. Geor««
E. Weller. A. C. Kuhn, W. J. Flynn. A. B.
Luthfr^ William F. Barrett; Profeseor W.' J.
Hussey. E. L. Finley. Mrs. William T. Wallace,
Mrs. John McMullen. C. A. Paulden, Allen Q.
Freeman. Clement© R. .Argues,: John B. Chase.
Mr. and Mrs. A. S". RIx. George W. Patterson,
Nicholas Bowlen, CD. Slocum, "AV. -A.- Green
Mr. and Mm. M. Van Vllet, R. B. Muller and
family, S. E. Eplen. J. Alexander.- From Mtnlo
Park — Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Sprague. From
Oakland— William T. Baxter and wife, Mrs.
Henry" Vr'oomanrMlss* Vrooman,"-Beath-P. -Sea«
right. From Lick Observatory — Professor W.
J. Hussey. Professor R. H. Tucker.^ From New
York- City — Rev. and Mrs. J. H. Watson. Miss
M. K. Watson, East Watson, Miss Ancle Me-
Lain. . ' ¦ ¦ ¦. , ¦'.
Sterling. Mies Avis Sterling. Miss Alice Sterl
ing. Mrs. Brown. From Trenton. N. J.— Rev.
H. C Mlnton. wife and child. From Fresno—
J. M. Cclller. From North Yakima— Mia*
Ethel Boms. From Palo Alto — Miss Irens.
Child*. C. E. Chllds. From San Jose— H. A-
Alexander, II. H. Lvdyard.
HOTEL MONTRIO. SONOMA COUNTY:
From San Francisco — E. Dressier and family,
H. B. Rathbone. Mrs. Webb, W. Webb. H.
Webb. O. M. Franklin. Mies Cecil Carroll.
Miss Lillian Kessler. Walter Leeman. Harold
J Kelly. V. Watklns. Mr. and Mrs. R. C.
Larois. Miss Rena Kelly, F. Suragg. A. F.
Schmidt. R. H. Saunder. Mrs. P. L. Molr.
Mrs. R. F. Harrison. F. R. Harrison, Miss
Pauline L. Rhine.. Bussell Searle. Mrs. L.
Nonnenman. Mlss'Celestine Nonnenman. Gene
vieve Ball, J. J. Campbell. H. C.-Gulld, Joseph
H. Clark. Charles II. Stephens. .William P.
AT BLUE LAKES. LAKE COUNTY— From
San Francisco: C H. Hlgglns and wife, w
O. Jakobs, EM ward W. Burrows, Fred D BartI
lett. J. E. Bolger. 6. L. Klarnet, L. R, Ortion
Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Curt!*. Julius Lemle'
MUs Phyllis Clarke, J. M. Israel. M. R. Lanl
d«r«. H. J. Landers, E. P. Stack, James Mul.
vry. Tom E. Mulvey. Colonel John Hetherino
ion. Herbert Keeling, H. Vincent Keeling. \V
B. Trefts, K. Weaver, H. S. Green. Dr. C V
Pawllckl Jr.. A. F. Lea. A. E. McKay, f' 12
Atklnc, J. W. Gallagher, Gtcrge P. Dracket
Kdward Belatco, Roy' A. White. Ben Barnes'
William C Knead. J. Sonnenberg, F. C. De
wltt. Dr. J. Leonard. C J. Smith. Louis Jletz.
rer. W. Fox. George Dawson. I. Goodman L.
P. Larsen, Mrs. L. P. Larsen, ArthOr Larieeo.
AT LAUREL DELL HOTKL— Hubert Prost,
Edward Prost, Gustav Teubner, A. D. Forb*«
A. G. Robinson, Annie Curran, J. C. Erlck*6n,
C. C Cohn, A. R. Shanks. A. N. Iionohu*
Miss Lillle Holmee. Mrs. N. A. Root, H. Seibel,
Professor A. D. Topping. J. T. Thorn, F. D.
Bartlett. J. E. Botger. Charles Cullen. M. U
Holmes, Harry Emery, H. L. Laveau, F.
Dieterle and «-lfe. Frederic Ltppman, John
Welse Jr., W. R. Landers. Joseph C Donovan
Mrs. G. Duncan. Tom Martin, A. Fitmsh,
Phyllis Clarke. A. B. Brady. Isadore B. Myera,
George B. Worthlngton, Alfred L. Well, H, J
Friedlander. C. J. Rose, Mrs. N. Rose, T. L,
Cunningham. II. O'Fallon and wife, W. Green,
W. E. Trefta, A. C. Profle. Harry Flnck. Sam
Blode*. Mrs. IL L. Ives. Mies Anna Belmcnt
Mies Laura Smith, Miss Florence Kelly L..
Ewlng. Hessle Joyce. Agnes Joyce, Pauline
Slanton, J. Whltham. H. Whltham. M C
Staffprd. G. E. Smith. Miss W. Bohr. Miss
Beatrice Bohr, Max Getz. Miss Cella Get*
Mis* Eadle Lapldaire. Mrs. Louisa M. Get:, I."
Goodman. Charles Holmes. Gus Johnson, Harry
Scot.. Louis Saronl. II. Atwood.
AT HOBERG'S RESO.1T: From San Fran
cisco— MUs L. Renouf, Mr. and Mrs. W. Ci
Morken. C. J. Traulfen, Mr. and Mrs. H. fciem«,
Mies Anna Stems, Mrs. J. Bud: and son, Mr
and Mrs. H. Muller. MUs C. Muller. Mrs.
Charles Haacke. Mr. and Mrs. . H. Schuldt,
Claus Tiedemann and wife, Mrs. C. F. Brand.
Mr. and Mrs. Weller. Miss Anna Weller, F.
Liebold, F. Kerz, J. Feldermann. A. Franz
Miks E. McMiilen. Miss J. McMlUen. Miss !«*y
Mathews. Mrs. L. B. Wlllson, .W. R. Miller.
F. B. Dixon, W. R. Peaser. I. Levy. Mrs. E.
Haley. Mrs. L. Scott. Miss j. Fitzgerald. Mrs.
W. H. Herbert. Miss J. JHerbert. L. Si«wine.
Ceellle Haas. J. C. O'Connor, Jerry O'Connor
Mrs. J. J. Meyer. H. Kroger. W. H. Pohlmann.
From Oakland — B. McGlnnis. Mrs. 11. turn
Suden. Miss Anna Kraft. - G. E. Yates, MUs
Ida Woack. Mr. and Mrs. George Trost, F.
G. Lea and wife. From Fruttvale — George
Dowllng. From Eulsun — V. Sweeney, Miss
May Sweeney. From Vallejo— F. B. Tobln.
Daniel Farrier, Mrs. Ray Bowman, Maud F
Harvey. W. Wilson. Blanche Le Roy Harvey.
W. G. Baunders, G«orge Brennan. From Napa
— Gertrude Landln. E. J. Voorhees. From Los
Ar.eeles — Helen Brandt. From Alameda — W. J.
Bohr.
Frif (Slander. E. Hauler and^wlfe. Mrs. R. S.
Huff. MIm E. Littlefleld. Mrs. J. Johnson.
Alir.a Johnson, Ruby Johnson. Mrs. Berlin,
M. Harowick. C. Horzogr. Jo« Butch. Mr. and
Mrs. Si>enelly. H. Hoffmann. Mrs. E. Rich
ardson. Mrs. Hanley, Mies Mollie Hatiley. L.
Jaccbe, Mr. and Mr*. Max Levy and child.
Mrs H. Friedlander, J. W. Schroeder. Julius
Lerale. Annie U Attinger. Willie Attlnjser,
John J. Hanl^y and wife. W. F. Chipman. Mrs.
E. Mullen. Ella Mullen. F. C. Lcpe. Samuel
Berlin. Mr. and Mrs. Mlilzner and son. Louis
Kragen Mrs. T. B. Roche. George Fellows.
William J. Roche. Helen Kornfield. W. F.
Helnse.. Etta Van Vlack. James McCall. R. W.
WoodEon. I. Curry, Mr*. Cochrsn and family.
From Vallejo — Morgan Jones, Mrs. ,F. Lovett.
John D. Devlin. Mr*. H. Wllslnskl, O. J. Bur
ton. Daniel Clifford. J. J. Dolan. H. C. Etlb
bens. Mrn. Lloyd. Max Taschek. F. B. Hag
perty and family. From Vallejo — Margaret
Muirhead. Herbert W. Blake. Charles Maneke,
Robert McDonald. Jack Anderson, Mrs. J. Hol
ly. Ming Lena Holly. Mrs. R. A. Gauld, Mrs.
I. G. Sharp, Mattle Craighead, C. M. Arata,
C. Watker. From Oakland— E. Dregger and
wife, Mr. Pantosky. Mrs. Price. From Ala
meda — Miss K. Rlehl. G.< Hancock. From Chi
cago — Mrs. L. H. Kurz. Mis* Margaret Kurz.
AT VALLEJO WHITE SULPHUR
CHKINGS: From Ean Francisco— Mrs i"
Hrook*.- MIfs Annie Ahrene, H.-* Weilbreek
iUff Ju:in Donovan, Miss May Lane, Albert
Starkweather. Mrs. A. Hlrechfleld. Louis
Krag»r. Charles Clsussen and family. W. Lo
»»ntte:n, Mr. a&d Mrs. Dieroty and son. U.
AT PARAISO SPRINGE: From San Fran
rtsco— W. M. Meyer. Mr. and Mrs. Rosen
bautn. Harry Block, Mr. and Mrs. Edwin
Cooper. H. Williams. Miss Kittle McDonald.
Mlzs Th*resa Gorman, Mrs. P. A. Mahonv
Mr. end Mrs. J. J. Newbarth. Mrs. R «'
Browne. Jarkeon Brown. G. Hamilton and wife'
H. B. Goeble. P. G. OConnell. A- Crocker L
Crocker. 21. G. Humel acd wife. W. C Hen
«ncy. MUs Sadl« Meyers. G. Xltlmyre, Henry
"VViiMam. C. O-Keefe. F. Smith- From Oak
land—F. Buckingham. L. A. Haalln Mrs L.
Cooper and eon. Ii. Vreeland an* wife. MIb«
Hertz. From San Jose— A. S. Day and wife
Mr*. W. G. Weeker, Mary E. Mlnahan Wllll*
McKagr.y. MUs J. Famey. MIm A. ! Farney
From Fa Unas— Miss Majr Stelrelman. Miss Nell
I.e Htelgtlman. Sam Mathews. Lilian Parker
F-oia Kama Cru«— Mrs. William Bias, B Scottl
Ml«3 K. Scott. From Cartrovllle — J. T Mur
phy. Mm. UeoTfre Etelrelman. From Watson
ville— Miss F. R. Wickersham. Miss Lortll*
Freimuth. Mrs. Jtcj*f gheehey and chlldrenT
MiM Nora Moran. From Redwood City— Mra
J. Cul!lr.». wife und rhllfiren. From Guate
mala—I'mil SohoensUCt. wife, children and
our»,e: T. V. Er.gelbrtchten.
AT EE1GLER HOT gPRINGP: From Ssn
Frarcieco — Maurlre Behan Jr. and wife. C. H.
Cregan. J. J. Mack and wife, J. Lauehlin. J.
t*. Sciiwartz, M. Schwartz. Mits J. Wallace.
Mifs May Wallace, Theodore Kelchert and
wife. E. J. Barton, wife and child; L. P.
Tt'.mpton. Mies E. McMillan. James Britt,
Georfre A Montell, R. F. Oraham. T.
C Murphy, James Farrelly, James Griffin,
D. W. Cron!n. Mre. Herbert and family,
F. P. WeflL Hits L. CUrkson. Mrs. T.
ruerks, Mirt O. Dlerk*. Mis* I. Dierkt.
D, Daley, wife and family. F. Jones, J. C.
Bride. MUs L. Gl«ason. MUs J. Crowley,
Fr»r.k Lord. James Flynn. A. Ol«en, S. Eisen
vine, Charles Kane. John J.- Whit*. Leon
Franks and «t>. R. FUhbeck and wife, Mrs.
H. Campe, H. Hornl«in. Captain J Johnson.
Fred Rivera, Dave Sullivan. Fred grnith. Mr.
and Mrs. J. J. Conlon, George Benson Fred
Benson. A. H. Clack. Mr. and Mrs. J. Me-
Gowan, D. Vllman. William R. Proll, J. A.
Hayes. T. M. Waller, C. J. Joseph. J. T.
Donovan and wife. Miss E. Donovan. MUs I.
Donovan. Judge J. V. Coffey. Jeremiah Coffey.
Martin K:r.c and wife. T. D. KeeUy A. Le
vine. MIm R. Fay.-Ml*s M. Fay. IL C." Vldeau,
Itoger Wilson. Mrs. T. H. Barber. Joseph A.
Etevens and wife. Miss H. J. Murphy, J. T.
Sullivan, wife end family, Whit Sullivan.
Emile Lampe, FYed Davis, George Punn, Miss
A. Hmith, Dr. A. Jones. D. C Dlcan and
wife. Mjss F. Thelsen. William Clarson. S.
Ha£tiS£. M'.ft F. Perkins. Mr. and Mrs. I.
Levy, V. Murnhy. Thomas E. Ryan. Mlf s L
Kelly. Miss Healey. Charles Schajitx. H J
Wright. VV. Wrlcht. Miss F. Vld«au. Miss
M. Reynold*. John Reynolds. Mrs. M. Wilson,
Mrs. Ferine. From Oakland — J. J. Burke
Lloyd £t»rl«ng. Mr. and Mrs. Rivers, B Mel
Fadden, Miss 0'On.ra. M. J. O'Gara, Mrs. H.
Matthews, Miss Coghlan. O. Peterson and wlf*.
From Alam"<la — Jgiephine Matittany, Mlis M
Rocmarin, MIm L. Rosmarin. J. W. Bartholo^
mew, wife and family. Miw A. Smith E
tJtevefis. I. Davis. U. W. Thomoson. From
Napa — Miss Beuscljel, Ruby vVuitt. From
Kresnc^ — V. Keskler and wile.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From Ean Fran
c-^co — T. is. Hitchcock, A. Altenburg, A. Eber
h*rt. W. j--. :.a:!:« end wife, Charles A. King.
ti. L. Whlpj>l« and wife. From Etin RaTaei —
H. C. Hitchcock, Mr*. C C. Hitchcock. Don
ald Hitchcock. Vrum Lpb Angelee — Charles
U. McFarland and wi:e. Judge OlJa Wellborn
anj wife. Olia Wellborn Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
liurton K. Green. Mr*. Roland Bishop. Miss
ltuhop. XV. L. (ii&vt-s and wif*. XV. L. Graves
Jr.. Oh-rle* C. Carpenter and wife. Mies Fan
nie Carpenter. From Mountain View, Cal. —
Ltr. W. A. Gcr<Ion. From Redllng— L. M.
D*nni». From Jackcosville, Or.— Miss Frances
Nunan. From Baltlaiore. ild.— Katherine A.
laylor
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
AT HOTEL VENDOME. SAN JOSE: From
San Francisco— Thurlow McMullen. F. J. De
Vey. Mr. and Mrs. George H. Arnold, Mrs.
I.. Hammer, Mrs. E. Oates. W. S. Reed. Horace
V. Scott. C E. Oilman, Mr. and Mrs, Charles
MUdleton. Miss J. Feusler, A. Green. Mrs J
F. Baker. Miss Hessle, M. Gilbert. Thomas g'.
Splllano and wife, J. D.-Mulvlhlll. Henry
Feldhusen.. J. J. Deppler. John W. Gwilt Mr,
and Mrs. N. J. Mitchell. Joseph H. Moore, Dr.
and Mrs. M. F. Bowes. Mrs. A. D. • > Tourlo
lotte. Miss Stella Boas. Butler Smith.- Misa
Genevieve Smith. Mrs. Curtis, Miss Flndley,
Walter H. Llnforth," Alexander Duncan. Charles
J." Ross, J. H. Newman, Mr. and Mrs. N.
Cohn. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Andfrson, Francla
W. Grant. A. S.GIrvan.'T.T. Goodwin, Mrs.
F. Seellr. Mlltnn Stellg, R. B. Rankln, Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Xellerbach. Mr. and Mrs. John I.
Sabln. Louis Glass. Mrs. M. L. Sawyer. • Duan*
Hopkips. Charles T. Crocker, B. W.w Frank.
H. C. Campbell. Mrs.' C. A. Buckbes, ' MUs
Buckbee, Mrs. Presley Blakiiton, - Miss *Ejnm»
BlaUlston. 'Miss Mary Blaktston. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Henshav. . It Gallegoa . Jr.. H. L. ; Mid-
AT THE GETSERS^-*From San Francisco:
J. M. Powell. J. H. Carlsen. Mary U. Powell.
GeorgsJ.- Vincent, Mllly A. Vincent, Frances
M. Thomson, C. F. Pleperllng and wife. Dr,
Egan and family, E. C. O'Nell, W. I. Beggs,
B. Moisky. Otto Falck. .'Fred-'Vlrsing, B.
Jonannn and wife, H. Zimmerman, M. R« Lao
ders, Helen Lenhardt,' Therese Melbourne.* Mrs.
B. Bourveau.j VloJefM. • Doherty, • Fred E.'
Blanchard, H. F. Blanchard, William M.
Swartley and wife. From Sacramento: Wil
liam Kay&er. J,.C. Carly and wife, Mrs. C. F,
Williams. Miss Amy Tate. Harrison Tat*.
From Oakland: H. E. Cable andwife.'R. E.
Mead. A. II.. Lang and .wife. H. U Whitehead
and wife, B. Hayden, C. Ilayden, Mrs. R. W.'
Edwards, Mrs. N. G. Edwards, A. M. D. Bock
R. C. Wilson. From- Chicago. 111.: C.- E.
Thompson, Edith Thompson. From Alameda:
J. E. Hlggins. J. E. Hlgglns Jr., H. C. Cas
sldy. Edward R. Fish and family. From San
Rafael: W. S. Drey polcher. From San An
selmo; W. Wessell and wife, J. -Hammond.
From Berkeley: C. R. Morse, F. A.»8mlth
Dr. S. D. Block, M. G. Jeftress, .M. s'.
Schwartz. From Seattle: A. O. Gale. From
Menlo, Wash. : Mrs. Jennie Towner. From
Heaidsburg: F. G. Schwab, r. F. Schwab.
From Sulsun: John Armstrong, Claire Arm
strong. From Salem. , Va. : Misa Virgil Dea
ton. - :' -. -' ¦•-¦ ¦ -. ' ; -.¦ ¦ ,• -
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Verrlll Mlghels will
leave the Piedmont Hills for New York
CJty In the near, future, as, Mr. Mlghels*
Baywell, Mr. and Mrs. G. Undegren. A. Hed
jnberg, W. 8. Dakin. Mrs. J. Mills. Miss Hazel
po<ge, Mlss.O. Robbing Mr. and Mrs. » F.
Heine, M. Lane. L. Lane. I. Lane, A. Lam
nion. Mr. and. Mrs. William H. Williams. L>.
R. Meaner. E. O. Muzzy. C. Llndgren. From
Oakland— Mr. and Mrs. J. 8. Smith. Miss T.
Bhaw, Miss E. Pratt. Miss M. Pratt, J. A.
tdgren. F. Elchler. A. E. Lovett.- Mrs. J. S.
Mayon. Miss Mabel Mayon, J. R. Mryon. Miss
Mae Marcham. Mis? Bonnie Burt. Miss Fran
ces Burt. Miss Ethel Denny. From San Ra
fael—Mr, and Mrs. W. S.i Adams and children.
Mles'Elta L. May. Henry Schaer. From San
ta Rosa— S. R. Reeves, James Q.-Morte, Henry
O'Connell, Miss Eileen Markam. From Sebas
tcpol—C. II. Gallagher. - From Stockton— M.
Crawford. From Boston— J. G. Spenoe, W. F.
Sperbeck. From Olema — G. Martinelli. From
Occidental— J. H. S. Bartholomew. ' - ' '
Mr. and Mrs. J. Herrscher. Miss. Emma
Herrscher, .Mr. Edmond Herrscher. Mrs,
E. Hesser and Miss M.* Israel of New Or-»
leans and Miss Lilly Hesser cf San Fran
cisco have gone on a. short, trip to San
Jose. Canuola and Del Monte. • > •
Mr. and Mrs. E. Levene fnee Levlson)
will *b« at home,- 1118 Buchanan street.
th|« afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock and will
be pleased to receive their friends.
• • •
; Mrs. I. Levy and children of 1328 Buch
anan street have returned from Burlin
game. ••
Miss Flora Levy.. of- Guerrero street Is
visiting friends in Hanford.
with/ thai choir.' His. many friends will
be sorry to hear this and he . will be
greatly missed in the sacred edifice.
AT HOTEI/BEK LOMOND: From San
Francisco — Mrs. Howard Dunham, Mrs. Frank
and family, F. Damm and wife, Wayne Mc-
Cloud, Howard Dunham, Howard Landsberger,
Ben Levlson. Miss M. Kerwln. Misa R. Hen
ley. Ed Bartheltn, C. W. Beegle, George D.
Eastern and wife. Margaret L. Marks. H. F.
Jones, Mr. -and Mrs. V. B. Green. Mrs. K
Del Mar. Frank W. Rounthwtlte, Henry AUx
ander. Jack M. Levy, F, W. Hammond. A. O.
Ealdocchl. 8. Chlappanl. Herman Klampp,
Harry C. Huguenin. Albert G. Heunisch, A.
.Shlrek and wife. Miss Cecilia Z.. Shlrek. Mias
Edna t>. Cohen. From Oakland — I. Tobriner,
Mr. and Mr». P. J. Walker. Mr». E. J. Hug.
gins, Harriet E. Uuggtns. From Alameda —
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Day, J. Howard Johnston.
From Piedmont— Mrs. u. A. Sterling, Miys
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cUco—C. N. Coburn Jr., T. Comlsky, M. J.
McBrearty. Jule Conway. Ade F. Salle, E. M.
Twiggs, Dr. W. A. Twlggs. George Ryan and
son W. McNamara, ;MIss Cal vert, Mrs. Cook,
M. A. Harris. M. Nunan. M. J. Morris, Ui»<
K Morris. 6. Belli. H. A. Pless, Miss M. B.
Sullivan. H. Emery, Professor A. J. Topping,
J. O'Hara. From Riverside — W. R. Dow)er.
From Alameda— James M. de Witt, Mrs. T. C.
Daniels. From Arbuckle — Mr*. B. F. Llrgett,
W Snuhaw, Francis C Schultx, E. J. Sea ton.
From Concord— I. J. Smith, C. E. Bibber and
wife. W. N. Breckenridge and wife. C. A. Tar
water. From . Sacramento-rB. L.- Werthelmer,
J. C. Ing, Mrs. J. C. Ing, J. Norton and wife.
Mica H. Ogden. Miss A. Miller. Mrs. J.
O'Meara. Frem St. Helena — T. B.- Macklnder,
R. Graf. From. Walnut Creek — L. R. Palmer.
From Santa Monica— J. Gaffey and wife. From
Oakland— Jemima Ryle. Mrs. N. Ryle, -WH«
Htm Vogt. L. Halland. From Madert— S. E.
Payne. From Blu« I^akes— S. S. McGarvey.
From Agnew— R. H. Jameson and wife. From
Healdeburg— William Ellis. -From San Ra
fael— M. T. Frelta, Jacob Blum, From Colma
— M. Belli. Mrs. M. Belli. From Courtland—
D. Holllster. From Davlsvllle-rW. E. Bates,
Athen' Bates. - From Red Bluff— A. * Conn.
From Colorado Springs. Cola— R. • R. Hiril.
From Palo" Alto— Mr. Burke and wife. From
Fresno— J. H. Rafterty. From Maxwell— Mrs.
Chris RubeL From Marysvllle — Margaret E.
Lowery. From Nevada City— Mrs. "H. I* Ed
die. From- Denver, Colo.— C. U Myers.
AT SUMMER HOMfc FARM. GLENWOOD:
From San Francisco— D. N. Rots. Mrs. D. N.
Ross. A. Kuster. Mrs. A. Kuster, Charles
Strycker. Mrs. C. Stryck»r, Walter Strycker,.
Carl Stryeker. Alice Btrycker, E. W. Shero
•teln, a. M. Feder, H. A. Birth. Samuel Da
vii. Mrs. Samuel Davis, Harold Davis. Mr*.
Edna Foserty. E. L. Wenle, Mrs. E. L* Wenle.
Harold Wenle, Ed L. Warner. Mrs. E. L.
Wagner. Tufhen Wairner, Mr«. F. M. Wheaton.
Mrs. L. Wenle. Misa Carrie R. Feldman, F. M.
Wheaton. Mrs. Georse H. Patch. Gladys L.
Patch, Clifford Patch, Mrs. CK Moraghan, Mme.
S Runl and daughter, George H. Patch. From
Hanta Barbara— Mias Trenwltp. Miss S. A.
Trenwlth. From Tuolumne — H. C. Ascbe, Mrs.
H. C. ASche. Harry Asche.
A very pleasant party was given July
13 to Mi*s Lillian Lee of Baker and Wash
ington streets, this city, by her' many
friends at Napa, where she has been on
a visit. The party took place at the res
idence of her aunt. Miss L. F. Brady. A
very enjoyable evening was spent in danc-
Myrtle Larsen. From Oakland — Frank J.
Calla«han.. Mrs. J. J. Crawford, J. N. OalU
gher. J.-A. Kennedy, Henry D. Long. 'Mm. A.
W. Martin. Mr». A. Wlld«r. .
HOME PARTIES.
The social and literary entertainment
given Wednesday evening,"* July 23, by the
Waldruhe Club of "Wajdruhe, Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. . W. Bruning. proprietors, was
an enjoyable affair. The evening wai en
joyably spent with games, dancing, vocal
and instrumental music and the reading
of on original poem by Mrs. Thomas D.
Sullivan of Oakland. The parlors were
decorated with ferns and bunting. Light
refreshments were served. Among the
members of the club present were:
Mr. and Mrs. William Lyedecker.
Arthur and Theodore Lyedecker. Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Thym. Roy and Miss Helen
Thym of Alameda, Mrs. Thomas D. Sul
livan, Thomas and John Sullivan and
Mrs. Wanaca of Oakland. Mrs. H. W.
Lang. Mrs. F. XV. Banks and Mrs..M. T.
Williams and Miss Kull of San Francisco.
John Ganey; on Rrames-VT. 'O'Dbwd. R. C.
O'Connor, J. P. Hare. T. M, Searey. J. P.
Condon: on music— T. Alford, ' Thomas
O'Connor, J. H. McGlnney: on Gaelic
dances— R. C. O'Connor, T: F. Alford and
Thomas O'Dowd; press— John Ganey, J.
Deasy and R. C. O'Connor.
The celebration will continue In the
evening. ' - *
The Celtic Union met on Friday even
ing, July 17. at K. R. B. Hall to make ar
rangem.ents for its annual festival to be
held at Glen Park on Admission day, Sep-;
tember 9. The following committees were!
appointed: , , >
On Oaelic cootestBr-Jeremiah Deasy, T.
O'Connor and Miss A. Deasy: on print-
Ing—John MuUiern, Thomas F. "Xlford,
CLUB PARTIES.
Fred Marriott Jr. and Miss Marlon I.
Merriman were married intgan Francisco
on July 14. They are passing their honey
moon at Santa Barbara and Santa Cata
lina Island. Miss Merriman dwelt in San
Jose with her adopted mother, a woman
of means, and Mr. Marriott is a business
man of San Francisco.
. Cards are out announcing: the marriage
of Miss Harriett Cecil Carter and An
drew Lansing Kerr, both of this city.
• • •
At a ciilct home wedding: on Monday
Miss | Elsie Boyd became the bride of
Frederick T. Norton. The weddlngr took
place at. the home of the bride's mother,
1510^ Vallejo street. The bride was at
tended by Lily Boyd. her sister, and Dr.
W. J. Hawkins was best man. After a
honeymoon at Monterey Mr. and Mrs.
Norton will reside at Mill Valley.
• • • '
nished a ti:aut<ful home for the young
couple. Miiss Sinv.ions has received •some
handsome presents from her Sacramento
friends.
• • •
of the jtroom-to-be has built and fur-
Miss Kate B. Simmons, second daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Simmons, will be
married to-morrow at Boise CUy, Idaho,
to Fr*d Deahl of tl.at city. The father
WEDDINGS.
Mr.. David Manlloyd. who, for the last
six years has been tenor soloist at the
cathedral, has severed his connection
Mr. and Mrs. Max Sommer have moved
to 1512 Jackson street
* * •
Mrs. Dorothe Joost and daughters have
taken a cottage at Capitola for July and
August. . *
• •¦.•
Mrs. T. Martin Smith of this city' and
Mips Ella F. Smith of San Jose left Sat
urday for the southern part of the State
Before they return they will visit Lob
Angeles. Santa Barbara and San Luis
Obispo, and expect to be absent about
three weeks.
Misses Pluma Belle . Prer'-.-i and Vixen
K. Kesler from Wichita, Kansas, are vis
iting friends at 365 San Carlos avenue.
Max H. Greenberg has left for a two
months' visit to New York.
Dr- and Mrs. J. B. Tufts have returned
from a three weeks' trip c> Yo3emlte.
Mr» and Mrs. Daniel O'Toole of Oak
land are expected home soon from Mex
ico. The greater part of their time was
spent at Guadalajara and Mexico City.
.;.}' • . . • , • •
. Professor Julian R. Brandon, wife and
family of San Francisco are at Tallac,
Lake Tahoe, where they will remain until
the 15th of August.
, PERSONALS. , : .
The Mi$ses Ethel and Florence Sim
mons of Sacramento are r spendlng their
vacation in San Francisco. .
A reception was given to Miss Grace
Penn at her home on Friday evening In
honor of her twelfth birthday. Guests
were entertained by the following pro
gramme: Music, "Twelve Summers'
March," Mr. Gafflgan and son; invoca
tion. Davidls 23d poem, William Lieb;
song, "Close Those Dreamy Eyes," Grace
Penn'; oration, Mr. Alexander; song.
"Hello, Central," Sarah Klrby. One act
bf German comedy entitled. "Frlta Van
Vonderblinken"— Fritz, with Bong, Wil
liam Lleb; Lowesa, his sweetheart, Miss
Josephine. Variations of "Home, Sweet
Home," Mr. Gafflgan and son.
Bay View Farm, Mount Eden, the beau
til ul country home of Mr. and Mrs. Henry.
Droste. was the scene of a merry gather
ing of their friends, on Thursday. July 9.
The- host and hostess were assisted in re
ceiving by their nieces, Mrs. George Bow
ers of San Francisco and Mrs. G. Billing
ton of Oakland, i The afternoon was pleas
antly spent by singing, recitations,, music
3nd dancing. Later In the afternoon the
guests were ushered into the * recently
completed carriage house, which had been
gaily decorated for the occasion with
greenery and Chinese lanterns, and
supper was served. Among thase present
were Miss Harder, Mount Eden; Mrs.
Kuck, Mount Eden; Mrs. Fred Helwig,
Alvarado; Miss May, Hay wards; Mrs.
Sumpsteln. Mount Eden: Miss Lillle Nell
sen, Mount Eden; Miss Annie Kuck,
Mount Eden; Miss Mollie Meyers, Niles;
Mrs. George Xowers, San Francisco; Mrs.
G. Billington, Oakland; Grant BUlington.
Oakland; Master Uelwig, Alvarado; Miss
Pauline Liebie, Mount Eden: Miss. Eva
Stromberg, Mount Eden; Miss Muriel
Krouse, Alameda: Miss Gertrude Bowers,
San Francisco; Mies Jean Kessler. Oak-
Tatid; Miss Gladys Kessler, Oakland.
A yery pleasant coaching "party to San
Mateo was given last Sunday. Six p.
p. m. found this Jolly party again in the
city at the Buckley residence,-1037 Gold
en Gate avenue, where an elaborate din
ner awaited them, after which a number
of games were played. • Those In the party
were the Misses Mary Buckley, Anna
Buckley. Rose Antony, Margaret Antony
and Mary Antony, J. C. Kindelon, Thomas
Cummins, J. A. Platt, F. Bergman and
Frank J. Antony.
• . • • •
A pleasant party was given to Miss Liz
zie G. Hamilton at the home of her pa
rents on Wednesday evening. July 22, in
honor of her birthday. .The merrymakers
were entertained with games and music.
At 11 o'clock refreshments were served.
The following named -were present: Fred
Eckles. Alboni K. Potter, Richard L.
Wade Jr., P. j. Sweeney. William Eck
hardt, RoberUGibson, James B. McKln
lay. Miss Agnes Rodger, Miss Esther
Tuft, MrsJ Uzzie Dickey. Miss Bertha
Lindeman, Miss Maggie Wallace, Miss
Alma. E. 'Anderson, Miss Mary Hamilton.
• • • «
fleld, Mrs. C H. Rippon. Ralph Kellog.
George McKenzie, Clarence Lee, W." J.
Maxwell.
Frank Bush, W. M. n Cress, E. ' F.
Holmes, .Elizabeth , Bernhard. Charlie
Lahm, Eva Holmes, Varien White,' Oriole
Cress, Wendell Lays,: Mabelle* G. Bush,
Maude Lange. Mary Santos, Frances Un
derwood, Sarah McKenzie, Jennie Lahm,
Annie Santos, Ora Rlppon, Ernest Mc-
Kenzie, Jennie Santos, James McKenzie,
Manuel Santos, | Myrtle Short, Virginia
Bush, Emma Moffltt, Milton Lee. M. Gar-
>rtg, games and music. .Among those pres
ent were: . sp. . '.;¦¦ ,
The engagement is announced of Cella
Oppenheim to Ed Ginsler
Mrs. 1. Lew of 1408 McAllister street
announces the engagement of her daugh
ter. Jeanie. to William Hamilton Schnlt
zer. formerly of New York. The recep
tion win be held at their residence Sun
day, August 2, between 2 and 5 o'clock.,
ENGAGEMENTS. ,. . f
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Shemanski announce
the engagement of their daughter, Tillie.
to Mr. A. Shemansky «of Seattle. The
reception will be held on August 2 from
2 tn 5 at 772 Broadway.
ple'a movements shotts that the
nomadie instincts'- of the ''race are just
now uppermost and all who can leave the
cares of the workaday .world are desert*
Ing their accustomed, tasks* for a season
of recreation. ''• f
Californians are now beginning to real
ize, that they have a paradise at home.
The influx of Eastern people," with their
enthusiasm "and their great appreciation
of the climatic and scenic Grandeur of
the State, has awakened, a new power, of
enjoyment. In those wh.o. have heretofore
overlooked th« treasures at their very
doors. The result is more outings each
year and th« fascinating, resorts of the
State ar« new crowded. ;
With llsht reading to round out the
summer davs some have gone forth to
rest and got close to the heart of nature,
but many go with no thought* of a book,
consoling themselves with Emerson's
idea that— .
Thou canst not wave thy staff In &lr,
Nor stir thy paddls in the lake,
But It carves the bqw of beauty, there i
And the npples In . rhymes the Tjar forsake.
UT1NGS grow more popular each
/f*\\ --year and nature is Just now call
jV Ai ing thousands to the. seaside or
Vvy tortile mountains, 'to the lakes or
\^^ , to the red woods. •_
Z A felance at the notices of peo-
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAN FBAFCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. jyLY 2«. 1903.
Mrs. S. E. Thomson and her daughters,
the Misses Maud and Miriam, and little
son, .Irving,, are. spending th« summer
I Mrs. F. J. Commerford : of Menlo Park
has been, entertaining her two sisters,
Misses Georgiana and Elizabeth Wlllby,
of San Francisco, for the last two weeks.
• ¦•' • *• • •
Miss Hannah Nathan sailed Saturday
for Seattle to visit her aunt. Mrs. M. R,
Coleroan. . . ' ¦ . ¦"•
- Rev. E. Elllnger and Mrs. Elllhger (nee
Asher) of Alexandria. La., are visiting
this city and are stopping: at the Hotel
Miraniar." • , , .
• • •. •
Mrs. Prendereast and her daughter,
Rose, are spending their vacation In So
noma at the City Hotel. { ¦
literary work needs his personal atten
tion there. They hope, however, to make
their home here In tne near future.
Continued on Page 37, : Column 3.
Mrs. Homer W»l<on. Mlw Marl-in Whson Mr
ai:o Mrs. CWUlUm Bu.kel-- Mr. "and Mri H
Morton J. J. McLaurin.. nTw. Morr^ C*t
Mrs O.. Davis, Miss E. Davis. Miss F Davis
Mrs. H. FrankHn-. Mis. Fraaklln?Mr. andMrS
J. F. Bannlck, A. W. V«orHnntr, Dr. W a
«i^»n n * e x* S I'«» J««jnl« Fay. Mi,s M.. Church
111. Miss M. Raphael. Mlsa I. Raphael F E
n n %S?? w A* H \£' 5™*?- H - AleJcandeV. iftai
II. Alexander, .Miss R. Alexander. Oaorsa Arm.
ML™ 3 * M^ and J" r »- D - W - Mrs. Du^n,
*t Clark ..From San R*fael— W. J. Wtck>
maj. Mrs. W. J. tVlcliman, Geraldlne WIck
man. Henrfetta XYlekinan. George Wlckman.
(All notices for th» "Society Ev«nta" ooIujbb*
• or The Call should be tint In ttjaa'to reaei
tM rooms "not Uter than Pridiy
- nJeht. and mastb* accompanied by tha oam«
and addr«»» of th« m«mb«r of the family or
. member of the club teadlnj tne conununlca
tlojl.) .,..,• : ¦ . . . ¦ , I
* Dr. B. TV. Halnesand daughter. Alma,
have returned , from, .an extended trijj
through. the. East, where they visited tho
principal cities and '.old colonial place*
of. Interest. ;
*""?•"'¦ ¦ •
Mrs. S. Glaaer has returned from her
Eastern trip- and will b« at home second
"Wednesdays. .. , . . . . . ... .r '
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAY -.\;;-
:hairs . ';.'
RESTORED
. All evideace of age, as far as the
hair is concerned, is overcome by
the use of MRS..NETTIE HAR-
RISON'S :, .,
4-Day Hair Restorer
POSITIVELY restores the
original color of the hair .within
four days, if used according: to
directions.-:; IT NEVER FAILS.
•; Absolutely harmless,' cleanly
and wholesome. Leaves the hair
dry, clean, soft and Is
not a dye in any ; sense, but re-
stores the' color- of the hair by
direct action upon /the color se-
creting; functions, 't ;
Price per bottle $1.00, at all druffsrlit*'.
,W« employ no «Atveiiag; affeat. . .
Mrs. PTM HARRISON CO.
der^atoi<6gists.
140 r Qeary Street, Sau rraaciico.
¦ .-¦•..-. " '¦'.'-" - ¦ " . " '. 'J-_ ....."NEWMAN & LEyiNSpy.; \ \, '" .. : ...x
===== .^\jW3tW^ =
Kearny and Sutter Sts. *^-^^^in+\^us&
Ladies' High Grade Neckwear Reduced
. r • (First Floor Kearny Street* *
A special sale of great importance takes place in our Neckwear Department to-morrow— not an
offering of pdds_and ends, but splendid varieties of this season's newest goods, styles that are up-to-
date and extremely fashionable— all marked at prices tliat should fairly crowd the department :
Several hundred Silk Stocks, hand made in the latest Stylish Stocks and Croats, made of lhi« season's wash
Persian effects, cross stitch and strawberry designs, with/ fabrics, in numerous styles and patterns, in both white
bow and bishop tabs; were. J2.50 to $4-75 each, a . 1 - n and colored, sold regularly at 25c each, reduced 1 - 9 i r
now ; $1.50 to '. 1^5^
Handsome Batiste Lace Collars, in butter color— several Point Venice Lace Collars, fn the daintiest of patterns
exquisite designs in newest circular, effects; were _„ you can Imagine— latest revere and circular shapes; <** «c
$1.75, now I. ..... z ... ..."...... 7OC originally $2.25, now —— •
/ Remarkable Sale of Ladies' Gloves
jl i rH ¦ • x-v 1 • • ¦•¦!-»• /First Floor\
\ gi.25; and $1.50 Qualities at 85c a air Ueamystj
'If your size is $j4, SH or 6, you will do well .to take advantage of this sale.' Two of the
world's best makes in Kid. Gloves — Maggioni and Ennels are reduced in price as never before. The
skins are soft and elastic and of the finest quality — colors are Black, White, Tan, Red, q-
Green, Gray, and Mode — Gloves that sell regularly at $1.25 and £1.50 pair — sale price OoC
An Excellent Stock of. Blankets .ostffiso
An unexcelled one — just received from the mills — will be found in our New Sutter Street
Annex. In their new and more commodious quarters this stock will have ampler space for display
and it will be easier for you to make selections — These six special values for to-morrow :
California White Wool Blankets, Fine California Wool Blankets; made Best California White Wool Blank-
sizes 60x80, choice pink or blue . of cleanest white wool, extra ets, large size for double beck
borders, special per pair $3.75 large size; special price .*.... $5.00 prettily silk bound; per pair...... $9.50
Fine White California Wool Blank- Extra fine California White Wool Silver gray merino Blankets, with
ets, size 64 x 82, extra heavy Blankets, good weight, warm fancy blue borders, extra soft
quality; splendid value at $4.50 and not burdensome; per pair ... $7.50 finish, large size; per pair......... $5.50
Imported Belt \ Buckles Ladies' Fancy Hosiery
At Sacrifice Prices (S^O At Less f than '¦C6siGZ$££Y
Hundreds of finest of imported Belt Buckles Some of the most attractive designs produced
go on sale Monday — Exquisite high art novelties, - this season are in this offering — such as allover
many in oxidized, gilt and steel studded, others . stripes, polka dots, vertical stripes," embroidered
in enamel and cameo settings — all offered to- and jacquard effects — They are broken assort-
morrow at these reduced.prices: ; ' ments,. hence this reduction :
"75c and li.co Belt Buckles, on sale at ..., 25c Ladies' Fancy Hose formerly 50c per pair, now ........25c
$1.25 and $1.50 Belt Buckles, on sale at.. :.........50c- Ladies' Fancy Hose formerly fr.co per pair, now- 50c
$1.75 and $200 Belt Buckles, on sale at. 75c_ Ladies ? Fancy Hose formerly^ $1.50 per pair, now-..- -75c
Ladies' ¦."•Skirts ' at Special Prices .
¦ \'j^ (Third Floor Kcarny Street) ' ' ! ' • ; : .
Some special price reductions on this season's Wash Skirts— Styles that are strictly up.-to : date
in every Way- — and prices are not to be matched elsewhere :
' Tailor made Wash Dress Skirts, Wash Dress Skirts, made of duck. Wash Dress Skirts of polka dot iner-
madeof excellent Linen Crash, with 7 in navv blue and hlack ground, with cerized sateen, in royal t u:;'top trira-
jores and felled seams; reduced for neat polka dots; prettily tucked bottom; med with 6 rows of folds fenaing yoke;
this sale to ; ¦ '. "> -< : sold originally at $2.2;, now \, . were $3.00,* now -
.'%\.2S/ ' ; ;/ _. ' $1.50 .; . , • : ' • /. $1.85
. . Ladies' I Bathing Suits Rediiced (2irs r )--
;. Here is an exceptional opportunity to obtain a good Bathing Suit at?a 7bw price — -.The,y are
perfectly ne\v, of this season's correct styles^ but lines are broken ?andthey ; roust be close'dLp^ta^i
once::- ;^ .;:,...:•, ; : ¦ 1 \Ujg%5] , MWW& V k^W^^^^^^S^
Ladies' Jersey cloth, Serge and Duck Ladles'. Alpaca Bathing §uits In ; . Ladies'- Bathing* Suits, made ©f best
Bathing Suits, in navy blue and bla"ck ? navy blue and black,; with sailor col- quality Alpaca, In blue and black; entire'
with .white orj-ed. sailor, collars; ' re-, lars and neatly trimmed with -white" suit handsomely trimmed; reduced from
duced from $2. 50 to . . •: ¦ braidjAverelj.soand.l^oOj'npw $4.75 and 55,25 to
$1.90 a Suit ¦ . : . $3.00 a. Suit- ,; . $4.00aSuit
• ¦ > . '¦»'¦¦ -^ '.,.'. . . ,,".'"'.* . .
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
-r^-'' . ADVIIBTISEMENTS.
Two se\*erc cases of Ovarian Trouble
and two terrible operations avoided. Mrs.
Emmons and Airs. Coleman' each tell
how they were saved by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Dr.vn Mel Pixkiiam : — I am so pleased with the results obtained
from Lydia E. Pixikham's Vegetable Compound that I feel it a duty
and a privilegesto \vrite you about it.
"I suffered for more then five years xnth ovarian troubles, caus-
icj an unpleasant discbarge, a great weakness, and at times a faintness
would come over me which no amount of medicine, diet, or exercise
&eeni2d to correct. Your Vegetable Compound found the weak spot,
however, within a few weeks — and saved me from an operation —
ail my troubles had disappeared, and I found myself once more healthy
and well. Words fail to describe the real, true, grateful feeling that is
in my heart, and I want to tell every sick and suffering sister. Don't
d.jlly with medicines you know nothing about, but take Lydia E. Pink-
!j:»m's Vegetable Compound, and take my word for it, you will be a
different woman in a short time."— Mrs. Laura Emmoxs, Walkcr-
viiie, Out.
Another Case of Ovarian Trouble
Cured Without an Operation.
,-~*%^ "Dear Mrs. PisfcHAsr: — For several years I
/.-• was troubled with ovarian trouble and a painful
J^JJjT ;, j and inflamed condition, which kept me in bed part
s^l^rQ'L Z? °* l ' le li - me ' f^ d so drea 4 a surgical ope ration.
/5^5^? 5t5i^^^r " * n '} e & different remedies hoping to get better
(**W but notuill S seemed to bring relief until a frien-.i
H$*f^> 1!^ wno na d been cured of ovarian trouble, through
' " $W tne ll ? e °{ • vour compound, induced me to try it. 1
alii P took it: for three months, and at the end
|iJw^ ~ \ of that time v.-as glad to nnd that I was a well
fre|j[j£? N — l^ woman. Health is nature's best gift to woman
j&§6^ ' and if yon lose it and can have it restorc<
ra^ • \A through Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Con?
/ V\ • SI \ pound I feel that all suffering women shouU
/ '"W'-.^ ...^--v^r know of this." — Mrs. Laura Belle Cole-
IW. m "~\i . --*" \ man, Commercial Hotel, Nashville, Term.
It is ttcII to renaemember such letters ts abore rrhen some druggist trie*
to get you to bray something which he says is **. just as good " That is impof *
sible. us r,o other medicine has such a record of cures as Lvdia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound ; accept no other and you vrill be glad.
Don t hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham if there is anything
about ytmr sickness you do not understand. She will treat you
with klrj'lness and her advice is free. Xo woman ever regTetted
writingr her and she has helped thousands. Address Lynn, Mass.
$ C filin FORFEIT if y« cannot forthwith nrodnee the eritfnul lstten and Bignatures ttf
taO I ' li ' aboTe t5stlsa »Bi*l«i ""Wch \rlll prore their absolute eennineness.
W w v Lydia Ei Pinkbam Medicine Co., Lynn. Xaci.
ABVEaTISEMEIJTS. ':
AflV/ZA&jy MtZK VHSk Jfc^SH W
S.YAZZ JX>X VW-vB f j|S^7
I FvxTjnotrr ccrrmro •
¦WRINKLES r9y' : M
g and all facial ttW'i"'"''!*
iBLEmiSHES f]A%^'^\
H removed by tha l*««F' ' '^ "1
g RETSLOFF metbod sl^Wc^'V^^
¦ No knife. No pain. ' KaSKsSBN]
¦ Witch Haz«l and As.trla- SlIgSifHHB
-•¦ rent. Th« • t*tr of «n m
3 2304 CUy »t., near Fllltnort, E
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦llBMMfg
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
bulldm*. 1UO Market »**%£?. t£u£°£&Z
28-29. with the electric needle without pila or
•car; ptnnantncy fU«raat«ea; hours l to « p.^It's much- easier.: to' live" within your In
come than it: is to live without it-
- SAN DIEGO, July 25.— The steamer Mln
riewaska of the American-Hawaiian lino
arrived In port to-day, . feeventy-slx days
from New .York." She is the largest ves
sel that ever came into this harbor.meas
urlng : 443 feet over 1 all and drawing twen
ty-four feet six -Inches of water.- The
Bhip carries a cargo of 7000 tons, of which
6000 Is , for Sary- Francisco, Tacoma . and
Seattle. She Is in charge of Captain La
vergne. ,
The - steamer.^encountered unusually
rough weather on the trip. While' com
ing through the. Straits of**Magellan ; she
was continually In snow and sleet, accom
panied by heavy winds; After leaving the
straits ana when fifty miles out a heavy
norther came up and gradually veered
around until it came from the southwest
and developed into a hurricane. The ship
battled against the storm for. three days,
when the steering gear: gave, away. Then
she. hove to and' was at, the mercy of the
waves; which dashed ' over her from 'stem
to stern. One of her -port lifeboats was
smashed to pieces: She; put into St.
Thomas for, repairs and then sailed for
Coronel . for, coal. , These were the only
two stops ; that were made on the ¦, trip.
The Minnewaska will sail fox the north
on Thursday. . ' ,
BIG STEAMER ENTERS
HARBOR OF SAN DIEGO
Minnewaska Arrives in the Southern
Port After a Stormy
Voyage.
AT TAHOE TAVERN: From San Fran
oisco— Mrs T. /. Blakeman, Miss IV.akeman,
M Herzstein. Slgnor Stern. Pr» A. J. Htniker.
Dr C W. Knowles. Mrs. Herbert <'. Moftett,
Master Jarr.es MoiTett. Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Von Ahuedell. Benjamin Baruch, Frederick rW.
Zeile. Mr. and Mrs. John Herd a id children.
Mr. an<J Mrs. E. A. Barnes". Mister Alonzo
names. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Cooper, Miss
Cooper F. W. Van Slcklen. Ell H. Weil, Mrs.
C R. Winslow, Miss Ruth Wtnslow. Mr. and
Mrs Leicht»r, Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Flynn, II.
AT DEER PARK INN— From Ban Fran
cisco: I. R. D. Grubb and wife, Mrs. Mary H.
Smyth. Hanson Grubb. E. Hume Hanson. Ber
nlce Owsley, H. L. Lamfar. Van L. Shaw,
Frank Shaw. P. E, Haslett. Mr. and Mrs. K.
D. Foster. E. B. Miller. Miss Flunnoe, K. K.
Brick. E. Hansleln. J. Sufrin. H. A. William*.
Professor Louis Llsscr and wife. Hans Lisser.
Mrs Gertrude Strachan, Miss Edith Towney,
Miss Marlon Whitehead, David F. Selby. From
Pasadena: L. S. Roberts, Miss Roberts. From
1>os Angeles: A. H. Buech. F. H. RlnJge.
From Oakland: Grace Gibson. Van Larue,
Howard E. Robbins, Carl Hoffmann. From
Hilo H. T. : Josephine Deyo, Dr. Francis
V.'etmore. Mary Frank Potter. From Truckee:
Charles Slegcl, Ed L. Owens, Marguerite
ropren, Rcsa Copren. From Alameda: J. H.
Steiger A. M. Whittle. From Sacramento:
Mra C. J. Jcnes. Miss Jones. From Welling
ton: G M. Reading. From Pacific Grove: Miss
Louis M. Estabiook, Mrs. Hamilton Glass.
AT GILRC»Y HOT SPRINGS— From San
Francisco: Major E. P. Enright. Colonel J.
B. Walters. Mrs. W. H. Amos, Miss Mildred
Preda. Theo Niebour, W. C. Williams,. A. J.
Gudgeon, John Helnrlchs. Mrs. F. LUdemann,
Mrs. J. N. Wuthrlch. James M. Parsons, Ed
ward E. Fisher, Miss Sadie Fisher. F. G.
Adams, Charles H. Bentley. Mrs. Carrie Bur
gard. T. C. Froast, A. K. Dement, C. E. De
ment, J. Beekley, Robert T. Murphy. D. W.
Harris, N. B. Nellson, George Thompson, Mrs.
William McKeever. Miss K. McKeever. Pete-
O. Johnson, Mrs. Magee, J.- B. Brown, Mrr. C.
WJ Arnold. Charles Krueckel. From Oakland:
Anson S. Peterson, Robert Ourran, J. J.
Grady, A. Krueckel. B. H. Turner. C. K.
Bernhard, E. Palmtag, MIbs Palmtag. From
Alameda: C. F. Moulthrcp. William J. Ash
berty. From San Jose: Mrs. J. L. AshDy.
From Red Oak: Miss Minnie Ashhy. F.-oir.
Gllroy: Mrs. Ualds Rohnert. A. S. Amoral,
Conrad Jessen. From Fresno: Mrx. A. M.
Copeland. From Watsonville: Oeorge F.
Relter and wife. Miss Louise Relter. From
feanta Crui; Mm. Will I. Moore. From Half
moon Bay: Manuel Cardoza and wife.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco— V. Benassem, E. J. McCarthy, C Kast
ner, George G: Van Slyck, H. 'Kroger, Miss
McDermott, J. R. Slmonson, Miss Kelly. Pro
fessor F. - M. v Prather, J. Mann, i Edwin F.
Tucker and wife. Miss L. I>. Tucker, Dr W.
Botsford. L. Friedman. Clayton B: Miller An
nie E. Smith, Elizabeth Connelly, Kitty Smith
Aileen Klssane, - Charles L. Kortjohn, D. C
Dlnane and ¦ wife. William J. McGraw J* de
Rltls, John II. Klein, J. Thod, C. E.' Clark
Julius ' Lemlle, F. D. Bartlett, J. E. Botger'
P. J. Madlgan and wife. \V. jr. Cameron'
Emma IT. McMillan, -.Miss Gussle Anderson'
Mrs. Herbert and. family; James Y. Syming
ton, Miss Cleo Slmrkins. A. Carr, Ella Car- '
ter, A. Deckelman, C W. Heger, C. Hansen
P. Altube, Mrs. Theo. Dlerks. Mrs. James Don
avan, Mrs. N. J. Tobias. Hazel Tobias, Isabel
Donavan, Emma Dierks, Michael Boden Eu
gene Crowe, John Baader and wife, W.' El
6enberg, M." Llebenbaum, C. Key, James Wat
son, Otto Lemcke, Mrs. Lemcke. ¦ James Cor
coran. Minnie Callahan. William Clarkson
Miss F: Perkins, Alice Conlln. -Ada Conltn
S. Hastings, Mrs. CM. Haley. From Vallejo
Mrs. J.Bready, Mrs. James Magee. V. J.-Vay
anos. Genevieve McGinnls, ' F. Tobln, ' Mary
McGlnnls, Mrs. D. N.. Mitchell. C. N. Plckett
and wife. Kat« Moran, ; P. ¦ ¦ H. Lennon, M
Sllva. Nellie Reed. Miss Emily Johnson, Ger
trude Eneddy. Mollle Bryant, : Martha L. Rey
nolds. " Walter. Wilson, M.. de; Roy . Harvey
George J.- Brennan,;W; Saunders. Dr. Arm
strong. From Holllster— C. 'P. Gtlkey and fam
ily. From Merced— J.; A: Howell. From Oak
land—L. B. • Opldberg.' George J. White an.1
wife. C." J.,-Helmke.S i OrtTroost and wife, Mrs ¦
W. E. Sharon. ': Master; Hurford Sharon. Froni
Ia>s Angel's— H.rBressachfcr.vwlfe and child:
Lottie .- Roblnettl.'.f'From- Hanford--Thomas
Vucovlrich. J. H." BlncefleldrFrom Alameda— L
L. Sebular, Walton-Farrar. J. A. Munro, Sam
uelL. Center. From Oeyservllle-^Mrs. C. A.
Dlttenlore. Addle E. Cunningham. . ¦ From - Sac
ramento — Fred Rinks, Anna K. Hooper. ¦ From
Fresno— C. • E.' Clark, * Frank . Kesler. wife -and
son, F. Albln. < From Vacayille — W. V. Dea
kln, J Harr>"' Roberts.- From ' Woodland — C. A.
Osborne. From San Jose — Mrs. M.". Byron," J.
B. Garnt and wife, Mrs. .M. A. Sullivan. N.
'A. Sullivan., .From Sutaun — May E. Sweeney,
E. E. Long.-" From Reno, ?Nev. — A. F Brown.
From New York— G. P. Shannon. From Vlr-
Binia rriiv. n»v. — W. K. Sharoa
AT VILLA FONXENAY. GLENWOOD:
From San Francisco — J. de la Montanya, Mrs.
J. de la Montanya, L'. D. Nathan. Mrs. I.. D.
Nathan. Mlas Cora Nathan. Miss Felice Na
than, Mrs. I. Gunzberger. Master Daniel Gunz
berger, Adolph Buker, MUs-Mlnnora S. Mar
shall, iiliss M. Tanntan, Miss K. Jeffers. Miss
M. Hlckmott. Mrs. W. K. Mollvalne. Mrs. B.
H. Levy. Miss Harriet L. Levy, Mrs. Oscar
Hocks, Miss Helene Wlllkomm. Master Max
Willkomm, Fred W. Bean, H. n. Barkley, Mrs
A. H. Rising. Mrs. H. KeJner, Miss Ethel
Kelner. Miss Georgia U. Tozer, A. L. Moycr,
Miss Helen Sehllcht, H. Rothschild, John Tlm
mins, Mrs. Ph. Thorsch. Edw. ("}. Thorsch.
Maurice Frank, ¦ Mrs. Maurice Frank. Miss
Rena Raymond Frank. From Santa Cruz — F
W. Billing. From Salt Lake City— Franz
Jungk. From Alameda — E. H. Lanvel. Mrs."
E. H. lanvel. Mrs. E. Lemke. W. H Van
Brunt, MUs Hilda Van Brunt, Mrs. R. E. Van
Brunt. Mis Constance Van Brunt. From Oak
land—Mrs. I* H. Wasley. From Stockton— M.
P. Stein, Mrs. M. I 1 . Stein, Mrs. M. Marks.
From Omaha— Mrs. . Katherlne Smith. From
Albuquerque, N. M. — Rabbi Jacob H. Kaplan.
Master Lawrence Ilfeld.i Mrs. L. Hfeid, Miss
Ilfeld. From Denver, v Colo.— Trtlss Helen C,
Bain. From Fruit vale-^-A. F. Warner. Froni
Cincinnati — Mrs. R. Grauman. From Green
\ille. Miss.— L. D. Weiss. Mrs. L. D. Welsw,
Misss Eldee Welsp. "From Strassburg Mrs!
Bernhard Ilfeld. •¦ From -Boston — Miss Rlva
Baer, Miss Elsie Bacharath.
AT HIGHLAND SBKINGS: From San
Franr.iscd — C. W. CochrW, F. W. Kern, C. H.
HiKgens. Mrs. L. Scheuer. Mrs. K. C. Horst.
J. H. George. Mrs. J. T. McCormick, Miss K
O. McCormick. William Sexton. MIm Kate Sex
ton. Miss Nettle Sexton, M Abrahams, E. Neu
man, D. S. Davis and wife. C. E. Eichelberger,
C L. Hall. Miss A. Metcalf. MIbs r., Metcalf.
From Oakland— A. Flbush, Miss K. Weaver,
Miss C. Schwab. Mrs. T3. Warren. From Ala
meda — F. Kower^ Bertha E. Crawford, Daisy
M. Crawford, Mrs. J. J. Crawford. From Hop.
land— C. T. Gllger and wife. From Ventura —
C. Li. Chrisman. From Lakeport — Harry Em
ery, Professor A. J. Topping. From Elkhart.
Ind. — O. T. Chamberlain ami wife. From New
York — H. O. Fallon and wlf«>, II. L. Green.
From ITklah— Margaret i Smith. Mrs. J. 11.
Smith, D. C. Smith.
AT PASO UOP.LES HOT SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— Mrs. l^o Pocknltz, Mrs. If.
Schlfyinger.'Mrs. J. Bayere. Thomas Godwin,
Achille Roos. From Monterey— J. W. Bagby
and MUs E. Bagby. From San Diego — Charles
Shafus and wife. From Los Angeles — F. n.
Vandeely and wife. Mtb. J. U. : Newberry. F.
D. Connelly and wife. John Chanslor. C. I.
Thorp. From San Miguel — D. T. Ma honey anil
wife. J. D. Seaman. From Salinas — Mrs. H.
C. Murphy. From Fresno — Dr. W. F. Maupin
and wife. Miss B. Maupin. From .lonesboro.
Ark. — R, E. Robertson and wife. From Seat
tle — Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Baker. From Reno-
It. Ryland. From Sydney, N. S. W.— Mr.
and Mrs. R. D. " HenUley.
AT MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH: F»om San
Francisco— Miss . Ida LIppman, Helen Cam
eron, Mrs L. LipDtnan. Irene Cameron, Mrs.
N. A. Goodwin. Mrs. O. Hocks. Dr. N. A*
Goodwin. S. Strau?. Dr. M. S. Marshull. Mrs.
S. Straus, Phil Barry. Miss M. Ijackenbach.
N. Barry. ' B. Nathan, E. Israel. Mrs. ' B.
Nathan. WalUo A. Pool?. Joe Rreslauer, R. B.
Mitchell, L. D. Hreslauer. Mlsg. K. Smith,
Miss A. Delebante. Pauline Dubola, I. .A.
Buchman, Kate Jeffcrnon. Came Mattbey,
Lizzie Brown, Mrs. F. Kpstrin, Mrs. M. Guck
enhelm. Miss A. Epstein. Fanale Guckenheim.
Sadie Meyer, Mrs. -M. E. Cameron. Miss A.
Blum. MlfB B. Steinbath. Miss 1^.. Stelnbacln
Jaekson Hatcli, Mrs., J. - Hatch.- Geraldlna
Hatch. John P. Burke, Mrs. J., B. Burke.
Grace Burke, Helen Burke. Miss U Collins. A
diamond locket was given "to Ralph Mitchell
for bowllns highest in the contest of lart
week.
AT HOTEL CAPITOLA : From San , Fran
cisco—E. H. Benan. Mrs. Francis Ferrler and
three dauehterv. Mrs. Charles R. ' MoNulty.
Charles R. McNulty. F. G. Flnney. Mr. and
Mrs. Edgar M. Bwasey. Miss Swasey, R. K.
Miller, Mrs.. M. V. Verdell. Mrs. Baldwin and
sister. Miss Mary Klllllea, W. H. Gray. L. ; W.
Hayes, Mrs. N. J. Dwyar, Wlir J. Fox. F.
Rels Jr., Senator E. C. Voorhies, E. A: Stent,
Mrs. Alex. Forbes, Miss Forbes, Mrs. Jennie
Tully, G. E. Dalton and wife. R. V. Jones and
wife. E. E. G«Ue, S. D. Rogers. A. P. Van,
Duzer, Mrs*. A. P. Van Duzar. Mrs. Kate Van
Duzer. S. Goldstein and wife,' N. Goldstein.
H. -Alexander. James Whltcomb Rlley, E.
Lenzyneky, wife, baby and maid: I. Oellert. A.
Chrlappal. AS «. Daldocchl, Mrs. William J.
Fox. Miss Janet Fox.' G. F. Nevlns and wife,
M. A. Lyons. Miss E. Butler, J. A. Carman.
J. Wood. Georsie E. R. Allen, Jack I^ang, H.
Alexander. Mrs. A. E. Tjherman. Master Sher
man Dana, MUs K. Riley, Miss A. Riley, -F.
W. Hammond, Mr. Van VHet and wife, W. A.
Steer. L. N. Tryon. H.-JJ. Chlsmore. R. H.
Treanear. Albert H. RelchllnK, C. Asard, Mr.
and. Mrs. If. Marx,. Miss Amy E. Marx, Miss
S. Badt. I. Tobriner, G. Tourney. , From Oak
land — Asa V. Mendenhall, Florence E Hatch.
Mrs. W. A. Schrock, W. - E. Hammer, Harry
Benner and wife. R. I.«nox Benner, C. D. Gil
man and wife, Harold T. Havens, George C.
Walker. John Baker Jr.. wlfo and "two chil
dren; H. C. Morris and wife. T. • Tobrln'er,
Mrs. A. Bode. From San Jose — O. A. Hale,
James P. McNslIy, H. A. Gabriel and wife,
T. C. Eaton. James A. Corta, Albert J. Corta.
H. D. Borchkln. Frank Holla and wife. Frank
Rolla Jr., Paul Rolla, J. L. Davlson. E. Prln
devllle. F. U. Fleming. Mr. Smith. Jacob Len
zen. Nettle I^enzen, Charles j; George. Otto
Ziegler, B. E. Kelt, J. W. Dewdell. Mr. and
MrF. D. E. l'rez. Miss Dunham, R. M.
Wright. NVIlie IJ. Wright. ,Kathryn Wright,
Grace Wright, E. Rea Harter, Mrs. Tom Rea,
C. B. Keel. From Santa Cruz— Kathryne C.
Cope, Fon-pat F. Hysung. '/.. Baruet, Robert
Dunn, K. W. Hlhn. From Sacramento — Mary
Manning, Etta I. Jarg-er, Mrs. F. tC. Miller,
Mrs.-M. E. Ulthell. Miss II. D. Gray. Mrs.
George B. Franz and daughter. Burton Gray.
From I^os Angeles^Edyth Helms, Francis
Aylsworth, C. Taphum and wife. From Stock
ton — Mrs. K. M. I'errin. Anita B. Perrln,' Mrs.
John Oarwood. Mr?. John Hammond, Howard
Hammond. From Vallnjo— Henry A. Hu.«sey,
Lucy I<\ Noyer. Mrs. E. B. Hus*ey and two
children. From Palo Alto — Irene Welsshaar.
From Newman — W. W. Giddlng*. \ J'roin Kan
sas City. Mo. — Frank S. Groves. From Cal
ifornia — William Sanchez. Frwm . New Or
leans — Miw. Tully and two children. From
Kansas City — Mrs. diaries Mann. From Ma
dera — R. H. Mace and wife. From Itelmont —
John O. Jens, Mrs. John O. Jens, Miss Annie
M. Jens, Master I". Hiram Jens. From San
Antonio. Tex.— Elmer T. Chubb. Frcm Nip
pon Mura— Miss Helen Nlckelson. From Santa
Clara — H. Ruckpr. F. P. Sallows. From San
Jose— 13. E. Iifwls. J. It. Payn". From MII
pltas — J. M. Bellev.-. From HollUter — Dr. F.
C • Bonnell and wife. From Redwood — W. II.
V. King. From Menlo Park— Mrs. A. C. Bas
sett. From Walsonvllle — S. F. Menasco. From
Capltola — Mrs. Gertrude Fields. From San
Francisco — William J. Helmquest and wife.
From Menlo Park — A. C. Bassett. Miss' Amy
I'. Bassett. From Watsonville — F. H. Baxter.
From San Francisco — W. A. Wilson, E. L.
Hoag and wife. From Fort • Smith. Ark. —
Margaret Strayhom. Mrs. | R. J. Merschky.
From Santa Rosa — J. W. Jessen. Mrs. Nichols.
Mrs. Dante. From Ceres — Miss Jennie Whtt
more. From Reno. Nev. — Thomas R. O'Brien.'
From Fresno-rrFred Rogers. From Hlnckley.
Creek — James W. Walker. From Redwood
City — Mrs. A. J. Framn. From Keswlck — T.
Singleton. From Vancouver. B. C. — Mr. and
Mrs Fred Gass. From San Francisco — W. W.
Phillips and wife, John P. rhllllps. J. M.
Phillips. -
Wendling, Dr. and Mrs. Clarlc Burnham,
Oscar F. Cooper. From San Jose — Mrs. • T. E.
Beans. Mien fteans. Miss F. L. Beans. Miss
R. Beans, T.'Ellard Beans. From Berkeley
Frank M. Wilson, Raymond V. Wilson, Mrs.
B. F. Weston. Boston — Arthur N. Rice.
Fresno — Charles L. Arkerman and 'wife.- New
York — Colonel John Wclr. Los Angeles — A.
H. Naftrger\ Kden Vale— Mrs. E. A. Hayes
and Miss Hayes. .
Continued From^age . 36, Column 7.
AT THE RESORTS
i -¦¦¦¦¦'. ¦- . . . % . . ¦ ¦ . ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALJ,, SU2STDAY, JULY 2«, 1903.
37
AMUSEMENTS.
"Week Commencing THIS AFTEK-
, . , NOON. July 26.
Valid
Vaudevigie!
Tho Sensation of Two Continents.
MML KONORAH
The Modern Witch and Mistress of
. v , ¦ : Mysteries.
JAMES J. MORTON
. **A Fellow of Infinite Jent."
Macart's Dogs & Monkeys
An Uproariously Laughable -Animal
Act.
CLAUDIUS AND GORBIN
The World's Greatest Eanjolst!«.
ETHEL LEVEY i
(Mrs. George M. Cohan) The Vlvadooi ]
and Versatile Singing and - j
Danctnjr Comedienne.
ORPHEUS COMEDY FOUR
"In Fifteen Minutes of Riot."
THREE POLOS .
In Their Famous Novelty. "The Hu-
man Trapeze."
THE BIOGRAPH .
Showing the Latest Pictures.
Last Week and Immense Success of
CLAUDE GILLINGWATER
| AND COMPANY
Presenting "THE WRONG MAN."
Parquet, any, seat. 25c: Ilalcony. 10c;
Children, any part except reserved,
10e. A few front orchestra rows, re-
served, 50c; front rows of balcony, re-
served, "5c.
Tivqussss.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Camille D'Arville
Will Continue Her Special Engagement for th«
Great DeKoven Comic Opera,
The
I IIU
Highwayman
mmmgBmmmmammBmmmammmmBaammmmmmBma
SPECIAL CAST. Including
Edwin Stevens as Foxy Qniller
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM. EDWAJtD WEBB.
FERRIS HARTMAN. ANNIE MYERS.
BERTHA DAVIS, AIMEE LEICESTER
and the Tlvoli Company and Orchestra.
The Brightest and Prettiest Event c! tho Hu-
sical Season.
CHARMING GIRLS,
FETCinNG COSTUMES.
MAGNIFICENT L STAGE EFFECTS*
POPULAR PRICES 23c. BOc. I5c
Telephone- Bush 9. .
GRAND ftflB
ONLY . MATINEE SATURDAT. ,
SECOND WEEK— EVERY NIGHT. -;
RAYMOND AND CAVEKLY
And Our Superb New York Company in
The , New Whimsical Musical Eccentricltr*
IN WALL STREET"
Tha Same Production «s Used by th» Rosen
Brothers at the Victoria Theater - •
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC. i ;
Next— "IN HARVARD." *\
PRICES— 25c.' BOc. 73c. " '
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
THE TOREE KUHNS; MAUDE STILL: THE
GREAT ZANO; MEXIAS AND MEXIAS:
3 »I A LVERN BROTHERS: ALVINO; hXXi
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Baby Tigers in the Zoo
Inspect "CABARET DK LA MORT."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Sc
'miscellaneous amusements.
f»dai iman'q seventh and
UKAUlYlAll O MARKET STS.
Every Afternoon and Eveolss.
POLITE VAUDEVILLLE.
LESTER and CURTIN: HATH A WAT and
WALTON: HANK WHITCOMB; LITTLE
BLOSSOM: SAM AND IDA KELLY; THB
BURROUGHS: THB GREAT ZANO: CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Prices — Night. 25c. 20c. 15c and 10c; Matl-
. nees, 20c and 10c Phon* tor Seats. Souta
1022.
PnUr* DONT FAIL TO
1 aiaWW see tho b«antiful
- COURT Loansing-
52 flfi room, the EMPIRE
«UU PARLOR, the
r - PALM ROOM, the
hr^nn louis xv par.
Hid 11 U L0R and the LA.
.„ . i DIES' .WRITING
Hotels ROOM^
WBBHy Call $1.00 uerYear
vLn 1 I%AL BtlastitMajer
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South KK>.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIOHT LAST TIME.
FAUST
MONDAY NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT. .
The Distinguished Young Actor
HERSCHEL MAYALL
Ani the Central Theater Stock Company
In the Great New York and I<ondon Success
A LION'S
•••HEART*.,
A Play of Intense Heart Interest, Thrilllnar
Situations, Excltlns Climaxes and
Amualng Comedy.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MR MAYALL ¦will appear In the famous role
'of "RIZAUDO. THE LION TAMER."
No Advanca in • .
nnirrC Evenings 10c to 50c
mivDJ Matinees ,10c, 15e, 25c
Monday. August 3 — Edwin Arden's Great
Russian Drama.
"ZORAIT." .
.Mil IIMRIA mim ™ n
IU y IhU m m II* ieadisb mm
Beglnnlns Monday— 5th and Last Week.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Amelia Bingham
And Her'Companj'.
Monday. Thursday and Friday Nights and
Wednesday Matlr.ee. Clyde Fitch's
"The Climbers"
Tuesday. : Wednesday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee, i Clyde -Fitch's
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson"
Angnst 3 — EZRA KENDALL In
"THE VTNEOAS BOTrEB." • ¦ :
cc&o©oo©©eoGesoo«co9OQ'Jcaooo®o»eoe®o«cooc««o<
• i
| Dry Goods 6 Company. , |
It— FINAL CLEAN-UP— 1 1
a " j
0 Of COLORED AND BLACK DRESS GOODS to make room for the J
9 - ' Fall Importations. I
• Commencing to-morrow (Monday) we will offer the following bargains in <
S THIS SEASON'S FABRICS <,
8 FANCY FRENCH ETAMINES, full dress patterns \
% of 7 yards, in a splendid assortment of shades, aq cfl <
• reduced to each OUiOU J
• BLACK AND COLORED DRESS PATTERNS, a j
• limited number in the latest styles, all reduced or ft ft <
S to eachSa.UO J
S NOVELTY BLACK GRENADINES, the balanced !
2 these extremely stylish fabrics, formerly sold at $20.00 J
• * and $17.50 a pattern, reduced to close to otn rn <
2 ' each olUiOU !
! 1 remnants] I
0 Remainder of the Black and Colored Goods, Hi to 5'.< yards in length, will be ,
O cloird out at ones I
S AT GREAT REDUCTIONS !
• • (See Window Display.) ¦ (
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ;
C Ccarj tad StocVtca Streati. Union Squirs. ' •
•••e«99eoooe««e*eoQ9eeoeoco9eo9o«8oo«eoaooe8<
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge. J. F.. GRACE, Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, July 26, 1903
Worlfl-Fafflons Conrsers in
Chaiii Open Stale.
R4 NOMINATIONS $
SIOOOTotafPrlzeMoneySlOOO
-'"¦^ 'rHi*' — —^— r
SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend sts.. 10:15 a. va.
and 1 p. m.. Twenty-flfth and Valencia sts.
five minutes later, returning immediately after
the last course, b'an Mateo ejectrlc cars direct
to the Park entrance every four minutes during
the day.
ADMISSION. 25c. LADIES FREE.
Uj To-night—- iLA
i* THE PALACB or THB KIW8. Fl
To-morrow Night, First Time w . "
„_ Her?.
75 wi!ii.i.-aTOEosco co. 7*5
Prpo«ntlng Genevieve Hainc's * tv
Jlrt brilliant Society Drama. K/%
*" / HEARTS AFLAME! >° U
O* .Six Nljrhts Only. Otz
•L** . Prices— 75e. 50c. 25c. •**'
K-v Bargain Matinee Thursday —
x - COc and 25c.
KF! Next .Sunday NUht. JANICE ¦¦¦
II ¦ MEREDITH. ig
llHEATRul
All . praise Fischer's this week,' call us ben-
efactors.
For our wonderful show and the sterling
actors. -
We've shown lots of good things, but the new
bill's the best
In ; specialties, dances ami up-to-date Jests.
I" The marvelousiy Funny I
Combination Bill |
"UNDER THE BED ' GLOBE,"
— AND— ."£**»¦-,
"THE THREE MXTSKEETERS."
And the "Only" "All Star" Cast, including
Kolb and Dill ami Bernard, Blake, Hermsen
and Whelan. Maude Amber, etc.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50<j and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matln«:e« 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
A T PA7 AD Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR BD-Prlce.
Gen. Mjr.
TO-NIGHT— I,AST TIME OF
MR. WHITTLESEY in Anthony Hope'3 ,
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evg.. 25c to 75c: Mats. Thur. & Sat.. 15c to 50c
TO-MORROW NIGHT— One Week Only.
The Distinguished Actor. Mr.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
! In the First San Francisco Production of
..;THE MANXMmN...
A PLAT OF "TREMENDOUS POWER.
- By Hall Caln«\ Author of "The Christian."
KEXT-A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE.
WATCH FOR THE DAIRY FARiL
• - J J^i ADVEBTISEMENTS. - - - - r , .
/g^^^®W The arrival o? a number of :
:WMgffi^ EARLY FALL STYLES \
pf^KT^^i^S^ ' n Tallop-madc Suits and Jackets.
«J^~W^j^j P^ 1^ From all indications the long- coat effect
/»^J w *^ predominate this season, and our work-
I'-Zn^f!^^ rooms arc busy on the newest and most
attractive models.
¦' J|flK^ ; !p SOMETHING NEW
M#f flM 'Li-'' $ Ho>* Ladies and Children.
<jl^!flefly$«*^ Monday we are putting on sale a most
l&lrWsElwe^-'- attractive and becoming line of
Jffiiiii!KPS G * A * R * CAPES '
fjStmjfl These arc sure to become very popular
ylfpfri k e ' iavc a '?° a new '* nc °^ Children's
'tffit^^mA Coats ready, in velvet and cloth, ranging j
(tSttlilt'- '^UlI^J^ " a P r * cc Irom ?5-t>o to $15.00, that we know j
y^tt^BV-l li/mT**^ will meet the approbation of our many
[ V > A VBRY FEW LEFT
" Cf Oup July Bargains.
These stylish Coats, We arc closing out the remainder of
exC |lI n oO. a fo? 8 lhose Etaminc, Voile and Alpaca Suits,
_^'_-' _ $20.00 to $35.00 values at ?1O, *P13 and •
$10.00 Ifir. 1
1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street, neap Jones. ~
AMUSEMENTS.
¦" """.** ¦¦-¦¦¦ |! ¦¦¦' y " •""• ¦¦¦¦¦'¦" '
• Jutro freights
Saturday and Sunday Afternoons and Kvenlngs, August 1 and 2.
4— OPEN AIR PERFORMANCES— 1.
MONSTER TESTIMONIAL TO
yy&rtce Q'lfeil
"Who Will Make Her First Appearance as ROSALIND In a Magnificent Production of
Jis tjou £ike Jt
An Unequalcd Cast, Including
James J. Corbeit
.'-¦ "As CHARLES THE WRESTLER.
* Reserved Seat?, $1. 00; Box Seats. $1.60.
; The Sale of Seat* Will Begin at Sherman, Clay & Co .s Music House Tuesday
1 Morning. July 2S. at 0 O'clock.
• : ' ?
: Lidvlj^ 111 VII vvll
; By BRYSON.
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
mm DON'T FAIL. TO GE^T THIS EXQUISITE ART SUPPLEMENT. ONE WITH mm
EVER! COPY OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. ALL, DEALERS AND TRAIN
\3\* NEWS AGENTS SELL. THE CALL. PRICE \$\* \
THEY ARE FRAMIMC THE CALL ART SUPPLEMEISITS I
_ _^_ The Following Art Dealers Are Mak ! ng a Specialtj of Framing Call Art Supplements: ' ; " - " - '¦¦¦;;¦
SACRAMENTO-Hcvrner. Micr & ton Racket Store, 711 East Main street: SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.,' 71
Co. €15 J street; C N. Da\ls, book.- Gage's art store. 509 East Main street;- F street. -~ .
store. S17 K strecu . Weber' « art s torpJS East Main street. FRESNO-8ronce'& Dick. '
PETALUMA-H. S. Gutermute. J. O aKLAND^F~J : Sa'ake « THi». REDDING-W. H. Bergh, "Bcrgh
i M. Wyckoff. - ' ¦ Jii£t£n&±lB%lt£JWeinh Furniture^ Company"; T. 5. Houstol
PAN JOSE-Gcorge Denne, M. Lcn- .street. . - " Houston Furniture Company.
, ren & Bon. ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagno3, ISiS REDWOOD CITY— W. L: Kline.
STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' Book- Park street. , , , SANTA CRUZ— H.- E. Irish. ; Cookc ..
etorc. 20 North Eldorado streetf Stock- CHICO— Fetters & Williams. . Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban. .:.-.'Out of 468 permanent lecturers at the
Berlin University 170 belong to the medi
cal faculty-"'
PRESENT FOR ENGINE COMPANY.—
la rrcoimltion of the prompt a>Mstancc ren
cit-it 1 y Kngin* Company 10 and Truck Com
pany 3. Studebaktr tiros, will irake a pre»
< rt of rnt of their best burples to the house
In which bcth apparatuse* are located. Cap
tain CVowe ha* bten transferred from Truck 1
to the new entrlne-houne on Uur h street, to lake
•««n irem tte ltt ol Auxwt ; -
| ST. PETERSBURG. July 25.-The No
voe Y ren >y* to-day publishes a dispatch
from Vladivostok, which says several Ko
rean Ministers and high dignitaries are
suspected of beins concerned In a plot
against the Empress of Korea, and It is
expected that they will be dismissed and
arrested.
Plot Against Korean Empress.
One , factory has marketed 60,000 elec
trical fiatlrons this season. '
I La JUNTA. Colo.. July 25.— At a meet-
I ing of the locked-out Santa Fe shopmen
to-day, the strike began last week, be
cause the pay checks had not arrived on
time, was declared off. The men decided
I to accept the company's terms and will
i go back to work as individuals. It ,1s
! understood that several of the leaders
will not be reinstated.
• Santa Fe Shopmen End Strike.
The wagon was demolished. It belongs
to Eckstein & Probst of the California
Market, 1521 Alameda avenue. The gate
man wae lowering the gates at Webster
street whm the driverless horse -pa xsc-d
under. At the same time the train came
thundering down. The horse cleared the
tracks, but the engine smashed into the
w*gon trailing on behini it and demul
isthtd ft;
OAKLAND. July 25.— A runaway Horse
from Alameda. attached to a light deliv
ery wagon, was struck by the 3:30 local
her* this afternoon. The horse was not
hurt. The engine cut the traces and re
lieved it of its burden and the horse ran
on. The last seen of the horse It was
rating the train down the tracks.
ENGINE CUTS RUNAWAY
HORSE LOOSE FROM WAGON
Driverlets Rig From Alameda Struck
by Train, but Horse Is '
Going Yet.
It in claimed that the assessment Is
unique. Water, according to Assessor
Dalton, has a value. "This' business of
water being as free a»alr is something
that belongs to the past," he said 'to-day.
"That water out in those lakes ha? a com
mercial value. It is wortb money and you
buy it at so much a gallon. The land It
lies on it not the only thing that Is as
sessable. The water -you bathe In Is
worth money."
The assessment of the Spring Valley
Water Company's properties this year is
W.800.000; last year it was $800,000. Of the
$2,600,000 Increase, $2,000,000 of this amount
is placed on the lakes in Washington and
Pleasant on townships. An assessment of.
IMS.OOO.has been' placed on water 'in the
Contra Costa Water Company's reservoir.
Water in large quantities sometimes
comes high. Two million dollars of the
increase in the assessment of the Spring
Valley Water Company's property in this
county Is placed on the water in the res
ervoir, and according to the figures of
Assessor Dalton the Contra Costa Water
Company has 1945,000 worth of water in
Its lake. ..;..., .. _ „
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
A 1118 Broadway, July 25.
Limpid Lakes of Spring
Valley Valued at
$2,000,000.
Oakland Transit Com
pany's Property Not
on the Market' \
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.. HIS Broadway, July 25.
An article appeared this' evening In an
Oakland paper under a San Francisco
date line stating that the Oakland Tran
sit Consolidated might in the near fu
ture be absorbed by the Southern Pa
cific Company or some of the stockhold
ers of that ' corporation. %,'_ V
The article was based on the operations
of Harrimanin other parts of the State,
where the situation' is nearly identical
with that In 'Oakland, Alameda-; and
Berkeley, anii asserts that the men who
hold controlling' interests in th« Realty
"Syndicate would dispose of [ them if they
could do go at. a, v satisfactory figure..
General Manager'W^F. Kelly of the
Oakland Transit -Company, flatly denies
that there is any truth -in -the statement.
W hen seen to-rilght*Mrv ' Kelly said :
' Such a atatern«nt v .pfovt«Jt8elf without foun
dation.. F. M. Smith. and Mr. Booth are both
out , of tha city rand* 13,* A. .-' Heron is at his
summer home, and Tkpow.of no one else with
interest enough i in the company to consummate
a. deal of thin klndwho is within reach at the
present time.-. r '-i^- i ."•'¦¦'¦ *
¦i I. have no idea what the > object of the pub
lication of such an article, could be unless It
was for, the . purpose 'of havlns some one' in
authority come, out In print and deny it.
I will say. however, t that, so far as I know,
there is no foundation for the atory of. Uili or
*ny. other safe. . r - :
OAKLAND, July 3.— The end of a row
at the Home for the Blind was settled in
the courts this morning, v.hen Thomas
Allen was discharged by Judge Hall after
an examination before the. Insanity Com
missioners, with the admonition, to in
dulge in no more vulgarity and threats
against the lives of the other inmates.
Allen had threatened eo often to cut the
throats cf various inmates of the Insti
tution that he was finally charged with
being insane.
It was a blind gathering in the court
room where the defendant and witnesnes
were none of them able to see one anoth
er. About fifteen witnesses were c tiled
and they testified for and against Allen.
He had little difficulty in satisfying the
doctors that he was not insane, but He
was sharply rebuked by the Judge for
using the language he had indulged in,
and advised not to repeat It.
Sightless Witnesses Crowd Court
room to Testify Against One
of Their Number.
THREATENED TO SLIT
THROATS OF THE BLIND
The deeds filed for record to-day mate
that the Oakland Railway Company has
transferred all of its properties to the
Wesstwn Pacific Railway Company for the
consideration of JiS.879 f,6 and 20.000 shares
of capital stock of the corporation, while
the San Francisco Railway and F<»rry
Company has sold its holdings for J337 -
S15 75 and 120,000 ehares of the capital
ftockof the parent company.
This move begins the consolidation of
these companies and others organized be
tween h«rre and Ogden Into what will be
a rival road to both the Southern Pacific
and Sinta Fe «jBtems. with a terminal at
the deep water in Oakland Creek The
Western Pacific Railway Company was
Incorporated under the laws of the State
of Utah with a capitalization of J» OX) (X»
with its headquarter* In Ean Francisco '
Oak'.and Office San Francisco. Call.
111S Broadway. July 25.
The flnai etep was taken to-day in the
cor.BolIda.Uon of the Sacramento and Oak
land Railway Company and the San Fran
cisco Terminal Railway ar.d Ferry Com
pany with the Western Pacific Railway
Cornpany. Deeds were placed on record
transferring all the property of these two
companies to the Western Pacific Rail
way, while In a claure of a copy of the
articles of incorporation of the Western
Pacific Hallway nied with the County
Oerk it slates that it was formed for the
purpose of acquiring the properties of
these two companies.
Rival of Southern Pacific
and Santa Pe Shows
Its Hand.
WATER TAXED
BY ASSESSOR
A small fox caused^conslderable excite
ment In the camp on one occasion and
his advent resulted in the loss of two. of
the horses. The animal made Its appear-,
ante about midnight and , was seen
FOX CAUBES ALARM.
This region is practically uninhabited
and Is seldom visited by sportsmen, as It
Is necessary to use pack horses for all
transportation. The young men, however,
were well repaid for the hardships of the
trip as they bagged a cougar, two black
bears and *ix deer. They also enjoyed
splendid trout flchlng In Elk River, catch-
Ing all the fish they could use in camp.
A band of fifteen elk were seen by the
hunters during their outing, but as they
are protected by law, they were not
molested.
finally reaching almost the' head
quarttrs of the Elk River,' in one of the
wildest parts of Oregon, Fred Seulberg
er has returned to this city with many
trophies of the chase. The party was
composed of Mr. Seulberger, James M.
Crow and Hugh von Emmll and while
the two lster remain In that section Mr.
8eulberger returns with stories and proof
thereof to show that they made a hard
as well as a successful trip.
OAKLAND, July 25.— After pene
trating into uninhabited mountain
districts and working their way
through forests,' fording rivers and
IDLE RUMOR
SAYS KELLY
BEAR EATS GRUB STAKES.
Some animal, presumably a bear, got
into camp on the last night and devoured
all the bread and other provisions that
had been prepared for the next day. At
the last moment Crow and Von Emmil de
cided to extend their trip for a few days
and visit the headwaters of the | Elk
River, but Mr. Seulberger was not able
to go with them on account of business.
After his return Mr. Seulberger said:
We had nearly three we«k« of the best hunt,
ing I ever saw. and trout-netilng until we were
tired of it. The hills around the place we
pitched our camp are full of irame, and very
few hunters get In that far. What few resU
dents there are up there shoot only Wnat same
they want to use. and they are as hospitable
a class nf people as one can find anywhere. ' :.
by Seulberger and Von Emmil. Both the
boys wanted the skin, but Von Emmll.
having a revolver handy, got the llrst
shot. Ho missed the fox, however, and
Aho explosion of the firearm frightened the
horses so that two of them broke loose
and belted from, the camp and at the
last account neither of. them had been
captured. The owjkt of the animals says/
that they will evWitually find their way
to the ranch.
Of the gam.? secured, Crow got one
of the bears and a deer, Seulberger three
deer and Von Emmil two deer. The
second bear fell to the guns of Von Em
mil and 8eulberger, and all three were
in at the death of the cougar, which
measured ten feet, three Inches from tip
to tip.
YOUNG OAKLAND SPORTSMAN WHO HAS JUST RETURNED FROM A
HUNTING TRIP IN THE WILDS OF OREGON AND TELLS STORY
OF RARE SPORT. ,
Requiem Masses Are
Announced for Oak
land Churches.
HUTCH1NSON, Kan., July 25.— Twenty
persons were injured, two fatally. In a
wreck of Santa Fe eastbound train No. 2
and a Missouri Pacific northbound train
at the Junction west of this city to-day. >
The injured are: R. F. Lorenecker.
Bartlett. Kan., side and arm crushed,
will die; D. B., Corrington. Springfield.
Mo., arm and side crushed, may die; J.
P. Norton. Kansas City, traveling sales
man, arm bruised and head cut; J. E.
Nilee. Hutchlnson, traveling salesman,
shoulder and ankle sprained; J. B. Strat
toji, Hutchlnson, traveling salesman,
head cut and body bruised; Mr. Kane.
Hutchinson, shoulder and arm sprained;
Colas Jewell. ' Golden City, Mo.. leg
sprained: Paul Murphy, leg bruised; J.
D. Raines, Independence, Kan., bad cut
on shoulder, head and legs bruised; B. F.
Stidworth, hand crushed: F. L. Davis.
Winfleld, Kan., arms and back injured;
A. J. Nelson, Hutchlnson. arm. hip and
shoulder badly bruised; J. T. Fitzgerald,
Denver, ha tig mashed, kneecap displaced;
R. H. Pierson, Hutchinson, hand mastied,
left ankle sprained; Charles Reise, Wich
ita"^ right arm crushed; II. M. Freas,
Kaney, Kan., head, shoulder and leg
bruised. Others were slightly 8 injured.
Both trains were running behind sched
ule time. The Missouri Pacific train wa3
just crossing the Santa Fe tracks when
the Santa Fe train came around the bend
at tremendous speed. The heavy Mogul
crashed into the rear cars of the Missouri
Pacific train, piling them and the Santa
Fe locomotive and baggage cars into the
ditch together. All of those injured were
on the Missouri Pacific train.
TOPEKA. Kan.,, July 25.— Santa Fe of
ficials say it appears from reports re
ceived at the general offices in this city
that the Santa Fe trainmen were not to
blame for the wreck at Hutchlnson. The
Santa Fe trainmen made the usual stop
at the station, as required by the rules,
they say. Official reports indicate that
only one coach of the Missouri Pacific
train was thrown from the track and that
none of the Santa Fe cars were damaged.
WORCESTER, Mass.. July 25.-*)ne
dead, and forty-nine Injured was the re
sult of a head-on collision at a sharp
curve on the Boston and Worcester Street
Railway, a mile west cf Westboro late
tliis afternoon. The accident, it is alleged,
was the result of negligence on the part
of the crew in charge of the west-bound
car. The cars telescoped, each smashing
into the other the length of four or five
scats.
There were 150 passengers on the two
cars. The disabled and injured ones were
cared for. by the more fortunate, being
taken into a pasture near by and laid
in rows in the shade. It was nearly an
hour after the crash before medical as
sistance arrived.
More than half of the for^y-elght in
jured are in a serious condition. Some of
them will not recover and many will be
crippled for life.
Miss Frances Greer of Chicago died at
the City Hospital to-night. William H.
Savage of Boston, an artist, is not ex
pected to live the night out. Mrs. Thoma3
H. Brown df Boston is seriously injured.
Mrs. Brown threw her 6-months-old baby
from the car and it was uninjured.
Nineteen of the seriously injured were
placed in the City Hospital. The others,
many with broken bones, are at their
homes. Among the Injured are: Mrs.
Florence Klmball, Westboro; Mrs. W. H.
Savage; Mrs. Mary E. Sullivan, West
boro: Mrs. Emily L. Miguel, Jersey City;
Mrs. A. C. Wilde, Chicago, fracture of
both legs; ' George Squires, Worcester;
Mrs. William Robinson, Leicester; Frank
W. Cox, Worcester; Jessie B. Noyes, Bos
ton; James Flsk, Worcester; James Con
nolly, Jamaica Plains: David C. Hearn,
South Framingham; Mrs.. F. W. Cox,
Worcester; Fred C. Perry, Boston; Ra
phael Magid, Worcester; J. W. Donnelly/
Boston; Mrs. Alice Knot, Webster; Helen
Yerk. Bostoin; Stella Williams, Spring
fle'.d; Allan C. Wilde. Chicago; George C.
Mullins, Southville; Elizabeth H. Clark,
Springfield; George A. Williams, Boston,
and E. C. Farnum, Boston.
UNION PACIFIC WRECK.
GRAND ISLAND, Nebr., July 25.— The
east-bound Union Pacific overland limited
was derailed, near Elm Creek this after
noon. Eisht persons .were injured and
the engine, buffet and dining cars left the
track. Train Conductor George Balrd and
Dining Car. Conductor Luke were serious
ly injured. Several passengeis received
painful injuries, but no one was seriously
hurt. The wreejc is said, to have been
caused- by spreading rails.
BURIED WITH PICTURE
OF WOMAN HE LOVED
Last Wish of Sam Conyers, Suicide,
Is Carried Out at His
m&0& Funeral.
OAKLAND. July 25.— With a button
bearing a likeness of the woman for
whom he took his life fastened to his
vest, the late Samuel Conyers was buried
in Mountain View Cemetery to-day.
Mollie Seymour, the woman in the case,
placed the photographic token on the
waistcoat of the dead man. She attended
the funeral with another female friend,
defrayed the expenses of the burial and
laid a large bouquet on the coffin of him
who loved her unto death.
Services were conducted at a local under
taking parlor by the Rev. J. C. Wooten.
The pallbearers were Benjamin Maloon.
E. H. Flora, P." H. Spencer and George
Hughes. i
Fabiola Directors Settle Trouble.
OAKLAND, July 25.— The directors of
Fablola Hospital have isued the following
statement relating to the recent trouble
with the senior nurses at that institution:
To the Public and Physicians of Alameda
County: The directors of the Fablola Hospital
Association desire to state tUAt- at a meeting
of the directors held yesterday.'- afternoon at
the hospital an amicable settlement .was made
between, the directors and the nurns and now
everything is running harmoniously.
MRS. ALLEN G. PREJSMAN,
' Secretary Fabtola Hospital .VsVoclatlon.
Aged Woman Bun Over.
OAKLAND. July 25.— Mrs. J. Cunning
ham, an elderly woman residing at 523
Eighth street, was run down and painful
ly injured this morning by a buggy driven
by Mrs. E. Homer of Elmhurst. The ac
cident happened at the corner of Eighth
and Broadway. Mrs. Homer says that
the horse she was driving shied at a car
and before she could control him ran into
Mre. Cunningham, who was trying to
cross the street. Mrs. Cunningham sus
tained a deep gash on the back of tfie
head, an abrasion of the left lag and pos
sible internal injuries. She was taken to
a nearby drug store, where her injuries
were dressed by Dr. J. F. Rinehart.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway.- July 25.
* All of the Roman Catholic churches in
Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley will cel
ebrate solemn requiem high masses for
the repose of the soul of the late Pope
Leo XIII In accordance with the orders
issued from Rome and by Archbishop
Riordan of this diocese. Besides the ser
mons that will be preached upon the Ufa
of Leo XIII there will be spsclal music,
the programmes being very elaborate.
At St. Francis de Sales Church mass
will be said at 10:30 o'clock In ths morn
ing and Father McSweeney will deliver
the address upon the life of the 'ate Pope.
The mass will be celebrated by Father
Cantwell. with .Father McSweeney ai
deacon. Father Cull as sub-deacon and
Father Power as master of ceremonies.
Miss McNally will have charse of the
music
The Church of the. Immaculate Concep
tion will have mass at 10:30 o'clock In the
morning. Father King, whose golden
Jubilee has just been celebrated, wiil cel
ebrate the mass in person, assisted by
Father Uorrison as deacon* and Father
Gleason as sub-deacon. The music will
be particularly fine. Professor Adolf
Gregory has prepared the programme,
which Includes a solemn requiem mass in
L» ' minor, ' composed by himself for tha
funeral of the late Bishop of Novara.
Italy. / " • '¦'
St. Patrick's Church at West Oakland
will have, mags at the usual hour of 10:0)
a. m.. at which Father McNally Sr. will
preach the sermon, the title being. "Leo
XIII and His Pontificate." Father Me
Nally Jr. will be the celebrant of tha
mass, with Father McNally Sr. as deacon
and Father Long as sub-deacon. The
Altar Society, under the direction of Mrs.
Mc^vdy, has draped the> sanctuary in
black. Professor Meredith will have the
choir present special music and Miss
Grace Qulnn will be the organist.
St. Anthony's Church in Ernst Oakland
will have mass at the regular time in
the morning, at which Father Yorke will
deliver a eulogy upon the Iata Pope Leo.
Special music has been provided and
Father Power will be. the celebrant of
thA mass. SP^U
The Church of the Sacred Heart at
Temescal will have mass at 10:20 o'clock,
which Father Serda will celebrate in per
son, with Father Praught as deacon* and
Father de Campua as sub-deacon. Father
Praught will deliver the sirmnn.
St. Columba's Church in Golden Gate
will have morning mass celebrated by
Father Heslln of that parish.
The brothers at St. Mary's College will
celebrate a requiem mass In the college
chapel at 6:30 o'clock in the morning.
Death of Mrs. Eliza D. Atwill.
OAKLAND. July 26.— Mrs. Eliza/ D. At
will, who has resided In Oakland for the
last thirty years, died to-day at her late
residence, 907 Jackson street, aged 89
years. Deceased was born In New York
and was the mother of Mrs. Dr. Pinker
ton of this city. She also leaves a daugh
ter in San Francisco.^
Bogus Check Man Gets Away.
BERKELEY. July 25. —A. bogus check
man passed one of his bad pieces of paper
on B- A. Kaiser of West Berkeley yester
day, obtaining to. Kaiser followed tha
man to J. C. Martin's store) at 2000 Shat
tuck avenue, where he was trying to pass
another check on Mrs. Martin. Kaiser
and Mrs. Martin conferred and while ha
engaged the man In conversation she tele
phoned to Marshal Kerns. The Marshal
got the message, but arrived too late to
do any good, for the man fled In tha
meantime.
Marriage Licenses.
g OAKLAND. July 25.— Tfc« following mar-,
ris'ge licenses ware > Issued 'by the County
Clerk to-day: Michael J. Madden. 35. Sacra
mento, and Maud BUIsdell. 27, Oakland;
Christian BJorhovde. 23. and Ellen Nel»on. 23
both of Oakland; Charles O. Schmlt 19 and
Greeta B. Lee, 18. both of Oakland: George
F. MaeMath..21. and Agnes M. GeH&thy, 18.
both of Oakland; William U. Thomson, 21 and
Margaret L Dorwsrd. IS. both of Oakland.
Hangs Himself From Chandelier.
LIVERMORE. July 3. — Solomon
Schocnholz. a merchant of San Fran
cisco. 43 years of ace. committed suicide
some time last night by hanging himself
to th« chandelier In his room at a private
insane asylum, where be has been under
treatment for some time. He tied a cor4
about hi» neck. and. standing on a chair,
made) the «nd fast to the chandelier, and
kicking the chair from under him.
strangeld to death.
The receipts from passenger traffic lare
greater on Japan's railways than those
from freight.
Sabin Does Not Appear.
BERKELEY. July 25.— John A. Sabln
president of tho Sunset Telephone Com
pany, did not appear In Judge Edgar's
court this mornlnff' to answer the com
plaint of William Grant, charging him
¦with violating an ordinance regulating
the height, of telephone wires to twenty
feet 'above tho ground. Instead, two
young lawyers from E.- S. Plllsb.ury'a of
fice, Trawnley and Smith, appeared, and
after a little parleying succeeded In hav
ing the case put over until Aujust 4
when Mr. Sabin will bo arraigned.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY, JULY 25. "
James J. Crowley and Camilla Redhahn to
Daniel Crowley, lot on N line of Pacific street.
75 W of Polk, W 25 by N 100; $|0. ..
Anna M. and Frederick J. Schmidt to 1.. E.
Clawson. lot on N line of Lily avenue, 110:6 E
of Uough etreet, 12 27 hy N 40; $10. .
Peter and Henry C. Pcetz to same, same; $10.
Ella and Maurice Schmitt to Dora Peyser. lot
on SW corner of Uough and Green streets, S
50 by w ino: $10. ¦ .
Dora Peyser and Joseph Fredericks ~& Co..
came; fid. '
Alexander Bond to Ermenegildo dl Vecchlo,
lot on N line of Hayes street, 68:9 W etf La
gun«, W 37:«. N 120, E 25. B 48, E 12:0, 8 72,
quitclaim deed: $3.
Julia W. Wheeler (Edgar) to Minnie and P.
A. Anderson.' lot on E Mne of Fillmore street,
55;6 S of Filbert, S 22 by E 87:«: |10.
Bernardloa or Barjiadlna. and George .Hlld»»~
brand t to Call torn la* Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, lot on-S line of Hayes street,'. 1CMJ:3
E of Stelner, E 25 by, S 137:«; |97OO. ,
Mary Hanley to Joseph F. and. Mary E.
Kane, lot on' W line'of Central avenue >Lott),
27 :« S of Turk street, a «7:6 by W 110; $10.
Anialle and Carl Qrlese to Robwt . V. and .
Mattte G. Cunningham. lot on E line of Ash
bury avenue. 2«5 tf-of Waller street, S 25:3 by
E IP6::»; »10.
Mary E. Culllgan to Patrick J. McKenna. lot
on W. line or Natoma street. 230 Sot. Four
teenth street. S 25 by W S'); $10. j«,. • .
Maria and William A. Cavanagtfitp'Henry V.
and Charlotte G. Kummer. lot on-E line ot
Sancht* str«t. 26:* N of Valley, if 25 by 13
loo; $10. ¦.-•-¦ '..>••
Mathilda D. C. Schmidt to. Joseph Hutchin
son, lot on W line of Castro street, 135 '8 of
Nineteenth. S 55 by W 1*5> $10.
M. L. Wicks to John Miller, lot en S line of
Alta street, 137:6 E of Montgomery, E 25 by
S 60: $10. •' /¦ ¦¦'
' Company of Associated Stockbrokers (corpora
tion) to Marlon Leventrltt. lot on 8 line of
Fine street. 87:6 E of Montgomery. E 77 :t! by
8 137:6: also undivided ',4 interest in lot on a
line of Pine street, 165 E of Montgomery: E
"ZTt by S lt<7:6; subject to covenants In 814 d
.310; ?3C0.CCO. . , • -'
Estate *of Harry A. Greene Jr. (minor) (by
H. A. Greene, guardian to David Rodrlck. un
divided 1-iS Interest in lot on N line of 8acra
mtnto street, 172:8H. E of Kearny. E 45 by
N B0:«: property ontside of county; $880.
D. J. Reeng to Carl V. Anderson, lot on NE
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth streets. E
25 by N 87:«; $10. ; ¦
Charlotte A. Peters to Elizabeth M. and Mary
M. Clark, undivided 1-1 Interest In Ipt on NW
corner of Brannan: 225 NEi of Fourth, NE 25
by NW SO; $100. i , v
Henry or H. »n<l LpulsaTostman to Harriet M.
Lynch (wife, of Thomas), lot on SE corner tif
WtTsh stntt. 106 SW Z >.- SW 20 by SB 8j: ?lt).
Margaret I Doherty, to Charles F. and Edward
J. Doherty.. Barah t^adlges.and Catherine Scott,
lot's 354 and SC6, Holiday map A; $10.
Wlllivnt u. and Sarah J.Hamerton to Maria-
W. Wilson.; lot on MV corner of Preolta, av«.
nua. tcisW from'SW lln* lot W. P. V.. NW
1C0 r SW!i3:V, SW 23. 'SE 81. NW 25. P. V.,
lot 9": $10., - :• .
Gustave r nd 1 Sarah 8ehne» to William A.
Mrrralls. lot 4T, block 47, Sunny«ide:$l0.
Robert V. »nd Mattte Gl s Cunningham to
Atnalie an<l t.'arl GVlese. lot on E lin« of Stan
yan-street. 171 :0 S of Seventeenth street. 8 iZ>,
E 157:2. NW- 26:©H.W ISS:3>4. lot 0. block 4,
tiubdlvlslon 1. Clarendon Heights; $10. ""
John J. Rellly to Michael Rellly, lot 131, Gift
map 3; $1». ; ' . .
Annie Poo!« to Mont L. Bleakmore. lot on
SW line Mateo street. 35 SE of. Laldley,- SE ,
25 by. SW 112, lot 3$. btock 0, Filrmoxipt; also I
lot on SW line of' Mateo street, 75 SE of i
Laldley,. SE 25 by SW 112, lot 86., block , «.
same; also lot on SW line of Mateo street, W)
NW Chenery. NW.25 by SW 112, lot 1S4, block
B, same, quitclaim deed; $10. . ¦•'.¦ -•.' .
' Mona L.and L*a Bleakmore. to Annie Poole,
lot on-SE line of Laidley street, 1»7 SW of
Mateo. SW 75 by SE 1C0, lots U and 12, block I
6. same; also lot en SE line of LaMley utrtet, I
112 8W of Mateo. ¦ SW - 25 ¦ by SB A 100. lot 18. ,
block i6,' s»me! lot on -NW corner ot .Laldley
street, 178 SW Mateo. SW 03 by NW l«0, lot
C5. Wock 5. name; lot on SE corner of Chenery
and'Reanoke streets, SW 113 by. SE 60, Jot 13,
block 2, same: lot nn-NW line of La.idii»
sir«e,t:-113 SW of Roanoke. SW «7 by NW 100..
lots 42 and 43. block 4 same; also lot on NW
ttoner of Roanoke "and Arlington streets,- NE
lfilyNW 100. lots 1. 2 and «. block 7, same;
also lot on SE Una of Lnldley street, 13.x SW of
Roanoke, SW 50 by BE 100, lots 27 and 28,
block 3, tame; $10. . •
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. July 23. — The Pacific Coast As
sociation of Chemistry Teachers held it* an
nual meeting this afternoon In the chemistry
building. . The moat Important decision of the
body was to broaden its scope by opening the
membership to teachers of science In the high
schools and accordingly the name was changed
to the Pacific Coast Association of Science
Teachers. - A large part of the stsslon wa*
taken up with a discussion of text, laboratory
practices and work - to ' be done ¦ In the "¦ high
schoolsi before entrance to the universities. A*
officers ¦ there were , elected : • ¦ President, Roy
Young of Berkeley: vice pr*t.|dent. R. C. Dan
iels of San Francisco; secretary, Edmond
Booth nt. the University of California. ~
Professor L.. H. 'Loughrldg« ; of the agricul
tural department left to-night for Long Beach
to take up hl« duties as Instructor In tha
¦University "Seailde Institute, and- Summer
School, . which will be in session from July; 2?
to August 1 1. | The : session will he | conducted
under tha auspices of the university and will
be presided over by Profeaeor A. J. Cook of
Pomona College. ' Profeaaor . Loughrldge will
(peak on : '"Chemistry for th« Ranch":' Dr. A.
R. Ward; -"Cattle DU«a»«»"; Dr.' Vcranus A.
Moore." "Microbe Dictate*.'; ' ¦ -
BIG RAILROAD
MAKES A MOVE
ihur.
This it It ATTierioan consumption: it i» I
'aljse. bet I shall permit its publication here i;»
• rdej- to rrove that we do not f£ar war, even
». ith fevt powers.
ntiR-lanil never aJ<ireKsed to us in^uiri*?*. ,
• umplaints r,r pniteHs regarding Manrhurla.
Phr reruirnlre* our irpecial int c rests, but con
tinually incites Jai^an aim! America ajaintt
Rvssls. The Kngll*ii 6ie patches from the F*r '
Ka»t are for American ccnaurr;>tlcn. \\ hy ¦
•jots tilt AmerUa see tl-rough the trick? Why
ih? tali «i awkwardl>' dli-guUcd?
iJoefc America Uesirt- war! If so. why does
ret anytodj tU>i> to i-ons'<i«=r how much the
Amerieain-Manchuriaii tra-3e amounted to l»*
fore 1s:t9? Whoe*'er h«ard Xeuchwanj men
tioned before we brought Tder Ibwe? VI" hn i=
building I>alne> k» a free [toil" Huts a lias
l«.0f.<i miles of Chin'ne frrjitifr: shall wa pl*ce
"Urstlve* on the ra.Tr*. footing -».s .ithers? When
>e tp.v»«i Admlml rfevmour from destruction.
why did not sonelxidy protest as>inst Kia
»-ho» ? \Vh«l it the outcry for? L>Jf» anybody
EJprK«* »r are KOing to b* compelled to relin
quish ihe railway l« Honchone**? or otntr in«
rauderfc? •
I repeat that met <1o nit fear war. ev»n with
flve »>r»er». Our defeat in the (Yimea Is a
srloiiou* chepter ir. cmr hi»tor>" and I do not be
!ie\e that any five power* d«>«ire to gather
n*w 'aurei? like th<-#e of the <'rlmea.
Whst can Jat*n do? Support Japan defeat
ed ihe Rusfinn «rn*.y — we tv<ruld crush Japan to
:-^:>o. Jai-an rylittr upon Rurslan fli-h.
It i» your duty to expose England's duplic
ity. It if n"t a recent phenomenun nvw; it is
a chronic a fair.
S*«n>* Kng!l*h difpatches surpars opera
b<">uff>. Her** if a <5i*:>Btch Jurt received stat
ing that Japan is preparing (<>r war. and thut
'he er.tlr* Japarw-fe, Kjuairon is nor.- at Vladi-
where fortlgn warf-hlr* ere not tl
lowed r.t a!!.
Director Harmig; pcnerally and specifi
cally denied the reports rrearding Rus
sia's mobilization of troops.
10 ev*ryb*xl> ¦ Hfr; si« nvo telograms receiv-U
from Enrltnd to-»iay. one r*laie» to I.md
•"ranbrrne's statement in th» House of t.om
mon» ,'uly "i. eavlng tnat England desires an
.» ng!r-]ju>-.-irn airaxv^nirtii i-oveiing th? entiie
• itiiaticr and that Kngtsnrt r?corn!z«d fiufc
t-'.u'e poi-uliti situation a:id special Interests In
MaarrurU. The other r'Xitatf the !.;iu;on
dispatch inm Tientsin of July -t,
regarding Russian reinforcements at Port Ar
ST. PETERSBIRG. Ju!> 25.— Director
Hartwig of the Asiatic department of the
Russian Forei4l OflSce, talked long, earn
estly and frankly to * representative of
the Associated ..-ress to-cay regarding
Manchuria. He began by making the
v.atrrr.erH that the Ruxso-Chtnese situa
tion was like!y to remain unchanged until
ihe rotum to the Russian capital of War
Itlnletcr Kuropatkan. Director H.irtwig
•declared that he ccv.!d not understand
Prince <"hir;'F statement to United Slates
Mir.isttT Ci«!is«i. but he presumed that
the port ruesticn would be . arranged.
Rut-siu. he said, excluded Harb!n from the
port i)cssibiliTies because of its railway
iraportane^c. but he eould see no objection
to other r>or:s being opened.
Passing to the s'atement of American
< pinion repardins Manchuria, the Di:cc
tor made :i remarkably outspoken attack
upon Ens'and. He said: •
I do not c<'mpr*li*nd hov/ Hui-sia. v. lio?e lar*
« ign pollt-y li the mott straightforward, can
r>e act-uxeu at dunlirity whrn England's dOBbta
•'eallnis Ik a qu'a-k'ti that rliould be appatent
Says Czar's Government Is Ready
for War, Even Though Con
fronted by Five
Nations.
Director Hartwig Frankly
Accuse"? Britain of
Dupl city.
MEMORY OF POPE
TO BE HONORED
The culprits proved to be a crowd of
boys, the oldest of whom Is aged 12 years.
TULARE, July 25.— A south-bound p*J
senger train passed over a broken rail
near Cross Creek to-day and had a nar
row escape from disaster. It is thought
to have been more work of wreckers. The
passengers were considerably shaken up.
Within a week three trains have almost
been wrecked in this vicinity. On Wednes
day and again on Thursday attempts were
made to derail the Fresno-Porterville
flyer by piling rocks and ties, on the track.
The first time the engineer saw the ob
struction In time to stop the train. The
second attempt beins made after dark,
the danger was not known until the en
gine was in the midst of the flying rocks
and Umber,?, the train's speed alone pre
venting a frightful accident.
S2»cial EK«patch to Th« Call.
We, the undersigned, property owners of
Alarm da. recognizing the advantage to b«
gained by conc«rt of action for the purpose
of »tUnulat!»g public spirit among our citizens
and of placing before the outside world a
knowledge of the many advantages possessed
by Alameda as a choice residence locality,
hereby call a meeting of property owners for
the purpose of Interchanging views: the meet
ing to be held on the evening of Wednesday,
August 5. KKft. at the City Hall. George H
M&stick D. Hlrschfeld. Oeorge E. riummer
E. J. Dodge. C. F. Young. Alexander R
IJaum. P. S. Teller. W. H. Kollmeyfr George
H. Tyson. 8 B. Connor. James Tyson. Lewis
E 6p*ar. K. J. Holt. tJeorge A. Moore Colutn
bu* Bartlett, Georse T. Wright. G. W. Ben
nett. Henry A. Landsberger. J. R. Knowland
Frank Otm. J. S. Fields. H. Haeke J r
Eschrn. W. C. Fortsyth. T. W. Leydecker A
L. Valleau. L.. H. Jacoby, Qeorge R«nner*.
CALL FOR MEETING.
Following is the call issued to-day for
the August meeting and the signers of
the same:
With the organization of nn Improve
ment association of leading residents and
heavy taxpayers, which, it !¦> expected,
will be the result of the meeting on Au
gust 5, and with the assistance of flfly
prominent citirens and property owners,
the City Trustees will have representa
tive bodies from which to gather advice
and information to guide them In the final
action they will take with respect to the
two railroad franchises.
Const rvative residents, while taking but
little stock in the threat of Division Su
p?rintendent B. A. Worthington that if
the Southern Pacific was not granted two
franchises in Alameda on Its own terms
the corporation would dispense with at
feast one local line, the south side road,
look upon the agitation now raging as
detrimental to Alameda. It is their desire
to see the discussion settled as soon as
possible and on terms that will be mu
tually fair to the city and the railtoad
company.
Senator Joseph 11. Knowland, who is
another of the callers of the meeting, be
lieves that such public gatherings at this
time will be productive of benefit to the
city at large. He said :
I «as etked one month ajro by David Hirsch
feld It I nxuid be willing to Join an Improve-
BtM club he and others then contemplated or
ganizing. 1 jumeJ my willingness. That was
uriore mere railroad franchises were discuased
at all. 1 presume that the agitation has been
tl.e caure of Issuing the call at this time. There
will in all probability be an association formed
at Ul< int • .ins i" lake an Interest in uffaita
that are at present occupying the attention of
the D*of»le of Alameda.
KKOWLAND'S OPINION.
Upward of sixteen years ago Alameda
had an improvement association that did
much to auvante the best interests of the
city and lucused public sentiment in many
ways for the Good of Alameda. Some of
those whese names are attached to the
call for the coming meeting were affil
iated with the eld organization. Some of
these nun feel that now there is no con
certed action on the part of those agitat
ing the- matter of the railroad franchises
&nd that as a consequence the city Inter
ests arc suffering.
George K. Plumxner. one of the signers
ot" ihe ca.l to property owners, said:
We must cm Alamrda cut of the rut into
whith it tKi.nt, the city it slldinr. AUraeda
has iilwajh oi^up.cd a bl£h plane because of ltt
fj.cei.ttit advariiafc.t a* a residence plate and
i:» cplenJio mckii^l sovernrnent. We should
*«* tr.at the , Hy reta.ns its high rank and
mi"Ui.. u>i ail ii, »,u: ,unr u auu to us gouu
name and lame. No "knocklns"' apjrit chould
be tolerated and fluest.ons that cencern the
uel.'jsre of the entire community should be dis
tttMtu ana *ctgy ...jji-i. in a. lair anu oroua
minaVd way. Wo >alk«d of forming an im
jjivv( metu astoc.ati&n more than a month bv
cre this a&itaticn was commenced, and if we
i.ad »uch «in organization now X feel that it
>'>-u!(i acccrr.plith much rood. It is probable
that the outcome of tfce meeting we have called
w.ll be the :ormation of « permanent Improve
ment ar.u i>rotect.c!i club.
MUST GET OUT OF BUT.
ALAMEDA, July 'Jbr- Right upon the
announcement that the City Trustees will
take' qounstl- with a committee of fifty
selected representative citizens In settling
the applications for two franchises asked
for by the Southern Pacific Company
comts a tall signed by twenty-eight
prominent residents fcr a meeting to be
held on tao night of August 5 in the City
Hail •'tor the purpose of stimulating
public spurn." It is the latest move on
the part of to get together and
distUEs mati'.rs that are of momentous
importance and is regarded as an out
growth of the railroad franchise agita
tion U:at has been sweeping over the
municipality fcr three weeks.
Alihuiigii those whose names are af
ttxeii to the call for the meeting of prop
erty wntrs assert that preliminary steps
vktre taken over lour weeks ago to organ
ize an improvement club, there is no
couLt expn.st.rd that the present situation
vi ought about through the agitating of
the matter of the railroad franchises has>
impelled the movers of the meeting to get
Ufcttlicf. organize and take a hand in
the direction of the tettlement of the agi
tation and >.he franchises.
Disaster Occurs at a Junc
tion West of Hutchin-.
eon, Kansa3.
Remarkable Attack by
the Russian Foreign
Office.
Disaster on a Suburban Line
Near the City of
Boston.
Representative- People Fear
Railroad Agitation May
Do Damage.
Passsnger3 Are Shaken Up,
but No Damaga
Results.
Property Owners of Ala
meda to Stimulate
Public Sentiment.
Santa Pe and Missouri
Pacific Trains
Collide.
One Passenger . Killed
£ # and Forty-Eight
Injured.
Another Effort Made to
Cause Disaster Near
Tulare.
Fred Seulberger and Friends Penetrate Untrodden
Woods With a Proud Record of Bears and
Deer Killed During Their Rooseveltian Outing
DENOUNCES
THE COURSE
OE ENGLAND
CITIZENS CALL
MASS MEETING
SCORE INJURED
IN THE CRASH
TRAIN STRIKES
A BROKEN RAIL
OAKLAND BEAR HUNTERS
INVADE OREGON WILDS
CROWDED CARS
MEET HEAD-ON
«•,-¦•¦ - .¦.-¦¦ J~ •
THE SAN : IBANCIfCO CALL,f SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
38
¦ v" ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' ' .
LfS$**^^ 10 DATS> - IlIAi Or DB. Z.A-VBSITCE'S WOITDEBrXTIi
|j||l| Vacuum Developer
mm0^Jt\ <.: Jt , GU'ckly and permanently restores Lost Strength, cure*
UTE3T j$/9 Jv °, *• Stricture, Prostatlc Troubles. Drains, and Develops
\YCWiVy4%8r TREATMENT* r '* d °* Undertlzed parts by a " Jm Pl» HOME
* '.j 1 .' 1 th * only ratthod that stimulates a free circulation of
-1'T^gy xneoiooa Into the debilitated organs. thus permanently
Jjifn > .ff-& strengthening and enlarging them.
r?ffl3 ,.. Vrlt<> for full particulars and our 64-page illustrated book
l \ Is w.* 9 * "howing male system and fully explaining our remark-
I . n\ able methods, sent sealed In plain envelope— FREE. Every
- v i" la: man " hould r«ad it. -
I lii Ow Physicians a r« reliable and experienced Specialists and
| ji cure all Diseases of Men by modern and successful methods. '
• ij ' Consultation fre* and confidential at offices or by mall Hour*.
, I |'i r *• aL '-t° 9 P- mr" Sundays. 10 to L Also open evenln— •.
[ n|| Health Appliance Co.
I SujpmiV « CTA8BE1L ST. (near Markst), SAN TBAHCISCO.All stocks closed the week quietly at un- I
chunked prices !
Sales on the California Kxchange last week {
were 24.540^3 shares, valued at f 20.909. the ¦
leading saies being (is follows: Central Point i
C01,., 12C0 shares: Home,. 2275: Junction. lOtiO; t
Monarch. 11CM1- Oil City. 1500: Monte Crlsto I
17r.O; R«e«l, V*V>; Superior, ."UMX; Indepen
dence, 430f»i fkvarelsn, ltX50; Four, 000: Ster
llner. «IO; Occidental. 600. "•
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Cumpany has levied an assessement of !
125c, delinquent Aurust 28. !
The ?ale3 oii the Tonorah Mining £xchanv
, last week were 62,000 shares, valued at '
$16,107. f
The Alwmeda Sugar Company paid a dlvl- |
<3»nd of 20 ce.nts per share yesterday. j
I The Pacific Lighting Company, will pay a J
I regular monthly divlJcnd of cents per share i
on Aucust T>. -
Stock and Bond Exchange. '
SATURDAY. July 25—12 m.
LXITK1) STATES BONDS.
V BI^, A ? k -!. Bid. Ask.
4% qr coup.. — Hlt ( Us q c (n«w).n.*>>«i:uiv.
4s fjr res. ..Ill UlftiCa qr coup. .10SU;CD
MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Ala A W 5s. — — Uak T Ca-.T'. — 12"
Hay CPC Js>. — lC5«,i Do Ss — 11 1U
1 C C C. & E. — lO7Va I>o con 6s. — 105
I Cal G & K z Oc«anlc SC5s — fa\i
• m and ctSa — ICO Om C R (Is.. 124 12S "
Cal-st C f>e. — — Pao G Imp4s S)»j — |
I C C Wr.t r«. — 105 P K Hy'S«.. — 10S J
i Kd L &V «S.12S — P & C R t's. — —
I F Cl H Us.-UKH — PftORCs. - _
I iSeary-lt R5s — — |PowelI-yt «s.llti«L — y
H C&S.5Ws.lO2',i - 'S E O&R5*. — TlOt
II C tc S &s. — lOO |SF & 8JVT.S.12O —
Hun K T (Is. — 108 JS R of C Ca.UOUUZV,
L A Ktec 5s. — — ! S P of A «is
L A Ry Ps. — 114U <19O»> — 10S'«
L A L Co «s. — — . (1910) 10SU — "
I'o gtd Bs. - - SPofCCs
lo gtd r.s.lOK..— (lfiOS)Sr A.ior:aii<»«",
LAP lem 3*.llVl^fO4«4 UnCiJSr B. — 10511
Mkt-st C Cs.122 123 (lf!O>) ....106%
)-o icm .'>«.U7Vi — <1012) — —
N R of C Cs. — 100 S P C lctr.1s.120U —
Iio 6s 118 120 Do stmpd.lCS • —
N P -C RR5a — 1084)S P B R tfs. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 1144IS V Wat Cs.107 —
N C P 5s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. — 101
N S R Ss.. — 1Q0 ' Do 4s 3dm. fi»y,loOU
I' O I. H 5s.H0 — ftkn U&E 3s 05 —
Ok W C g5s — UN") i; G ft E Ss.105 107
WATER STOCKS.
C« ntra Costa — til [Port Costa.. KI txu.
Xliirln. Co- .. t5U}i — iGprin* V»l.. S3 —
% GAS AND Er.ECTRIC.
C nt L & P. 4% 5:,ijSac E G&R. 33 — '
Idiult Uss... 4% 5 |S F G & E. C7?i CS
Mutual E U \2% 13% 1 8 F Gas ... :; 31;
Pbc G Imp.. Cl — ifltkn O A E. 5 — '
Pmc L Co... 65H 5O'/j'U G &.E... 34 Va —
TRUSTEES' CCRTIFICATES.
B F Q & E. 07 07^/
• INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd325 — /
BANK STOCKS. 3
Am Nati Bk.125- — Lon P & A.165 — i
Angio-Cal .. — ' — Mtr Trust.. — 2«0
Bank of Cal — 673 Merch Ex ..55 75
C S D & T.142\416O S F Nattonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r S & L. — 2275 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 500
Mut S Bank. 05 — I'nlon T Co.2150 -»•
S F Sav U.fiOO 730 ¦¦.'#8.t*c l ti
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 2n5 (Presidio .... 35 CO
Geary — CO |
POWDER-.
Giant ...... — 7-J jVigorit ..... 4 5l»
> SUGAR. ¦ **'
Hana P Co.. — * 23c jKUauea S C. 5 S
;Hawalian C. 44li 4«% (Makawell P.— 24«i
Honokaa S C 12 Vi 13 Onomea S C. 22^ -»i^
Hutch 8 PC U\i 15H 'Paauhau S C 13 17
MISCELLANEOUS. , a
Alaska Pack.143 150 (Oceanic S Co . 7 —
Tal Fruit As. — 80<A Pac A F A. 2% — ,
Cal Wine A3 — 9UV4 |l*ac C Uorx.lCU —
Mornlnsr Session.
Beard —
¦ 40 Pacific Gas Imp '.v. TO '
- 10 Pacific Gas Imp. s 30.. 5-'; u» J
SO S F Gas and Electric Co... US UO
$2n.C()0 S F & S J V .......;. .123 25 J
<!12 COO S P of C tis tlOOO).... 107 00 '
Bank Clearings.
Local ff.rk clearings during the past week
«ere $26,763,909. axsdnst $21.3SS.l21 during the
i.r:«.-5.-i:r.r v rtk of last year, khowing a
tain cf jr..£ii5.7£5.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury. Eection Direc
tor. United State* Weather Bureau, for the
W&s&J&ctoa Crcp Bulletin, week ended July
£1. la &* foUowc:
The past week was one without appreciable
ra :r.:s.:; &;ter the 13th in*t., and «u, there
:cr«. devoted largely to haylag. The report*
are cf, a beavy crop, especially of clover.
«'hlcb In some localities was rather badly
lofiged. The timothy is about average in
feme Cictricts. and in others Flightly under av
erace.
The week was also favorable for grain of
all kiads. Winter wheat is ripening and cut
ting ha* begun on the lower and lighter lands.
The harvesting cf winter wheat will be gen
eral during this coming week. Spring wheat
has Improved under the favorable weather and
ss heading out nicely. There has been no in
jury from hot winds during the past three
weeks. Oats are beginning to ripen, and the
prospect is for a good crop.
In the Wenatchee Valley the fcecond crop of
alfalfa is now being cut. The sugar beet crop
in Spokane County le in a thriving condition.
Apricots and early peaches are ripe in the ir
rigated districts. Cherrie* have been a fair
crop, and apples and plums will be heavy in
fcume localitler. Pears give promise of being a
cood crop. The yield of berries has been ex
tellent. In aJI sections potatoes are growing
lih Ikllrti J. and tbei-e is a promise of a large
vror). The weatl*r of the «<.ek was beneficial
to corn end vegetables.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
Tire re pert cf Edward A. Beals. Section Di
rector. L'nited fctates Weather Bureau, for the
«_ l re»ro!i Crop Bulletin for the week ended July
11. is a* lcllout>:
Thr weatht-r during the patt week has been
excellent f"r haying and tor maturing grain.
liayir^ :.-..- been pushed in all parts of of the
Mate, and the crop is of good quality airJ the
> iclris are generally satisfactory, txcept In the
>"u:rieni Huflnni. where previous dry weather
..•'•; some shortage, which has been made up
iry cutting grain for hay: consf-qurntly the
' TartmTi- will have feed e-nouph for stock, but
v:ain yioldt in this locality will show a still
fc-!-»"»te!- reduction from former rstimates.
Spring and fail »h<-at continue to fill and
liperi nicely; the bead? are full and the berry
is plump, and If !t w*re not for the EtanU be
ing thin the crop wculd be up to the average.
Harvesting will become ceneral this week.
Oats ure unusually prcmisir.g in all bectlons,
cxrept about CotUxge Grove, in Lane County,
where for t>ome unknown cause a number of
rields hax-* 1 ftr>nped fi'ling and the plant has
suddenly turned a light color.
J"ul! reports from the hop sections indicate
a fairly srood crop, which, taking into consid
eration the Increased acreage, will fall but
t-Mglitly Itelow that of last year. There at-e
many etur.ted hills, probably caused by froEt
in March, but those that came xip are !n a*
thrifty and promising condition at could be
wished tor.
Minor crops, such as corn, potatoes, onions,
mwr beets and rarden*. are dolnR nicely.
Krult also continues promising, and a larce
<rop of t-ears and prunes is now jlmost a cer
tainty.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
<Frcm the Crop Bulletin, 1'niteiJ Etates De-
Yartmer.t of Agriculture, Washlnt'ton week
ended Ju!y 13.)
Only a. fair crop of apples Is indicated in
most ef the apple growing States, the most
favorable report* being received from Kansas
end Iowa.
New England — Raspberries good: blackber
ries premies nit; cranberries below average; ap
ples uneven, below averaee.
New York — Graphs promising, apples fair,
other fi-u!t I'.zfct.
Pennsylvania— BerriM and mpples fairly
plentiful; other fruit* rcarce.
Maryland and Delaware — Apple* holding bet
ter: blackberries plentiful.
Virginia — Fair crop of apples promised.
North Carolina — Prospect for apple* less
favorable.
. South Carcllr-a — Peaches rotting, other fruits •
plentiful.
. Georgia— Ripening peache* injured la few
tertion* by rain.
Florida — CStru* fruit* doing welL
Alabama — Peaxhe* rottlnr.
Arkar,*as — Apr'es poor and scarce; peaches
a fziiure.
Tennetee*— Apples and srapes promise fair
croj>«.
Kentucky — App!es dropping badly.
Missouri — Apples lets promising."
Illinois — Apples falling and failure In many
localities.
Infiiar.*— Apple* promise lirht to fair yield*.
West Virginia— Few peach**, pears or plums:
spples tcarre. except in panhandle and a few
fcouthern counties.
Ohio — Grar>€* «-r.d blackberries continue prom,
isinj srenersJly: appi't promise li^ht to fair
yield*; other fruit scarce.
Michigan — Ar-^ie j>ro!-i)ects continue fairly
jTomiting.
WUcontln — Fruit somewhat damaged by
litavy winUt. but averaKe yields in most sec
tlori».
Ir.wa— Apples doing well.
Nebraska — Arple* l>€lor.- avera.se
i.'hr.-*- — a 1 :¦>.- j.'.' i.:.f-ji in couth, fair cen
tral. Ii;r:t north.
Oklahoma Territory — Fruit chins cood
>ielee.
Montana — Outlook for fruits excellent.
Idiho— ilcrkcu well supplied *1Uj small
Ji-uits.
• Coiora^T — Fruits growing well.
I'tah— Krult »;ijrht!y d»rr.a*ed by 'jigh winds.
Kevuda— Fruit crcp promising.
«>resoa— Prunes and pear* excellent; apples
fa^r to cood.
Wccthcr Report.
(12'^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
fcAN FKANCif;rO. Joly 23. 3 p. m.
pTA-7I JN h . n rs^**** U.
Tin'i.iT 2-<. !i2 fio r.O X»V Oe.ir .CO
«•*»>««« r-i.>2 S2 -<0 SVt* Clear .OH
Kureki ».!«» :.s if .W.' i'lnar .<'(•
»--;f«r.o 2&.S1 »«'6S NW CI«-^r .00 1
r'^tr>ta:.' Ki 54 KW" It.Cldy .OO j
lRj''l*r»t!cii'-e 2:».M' !>S C"» SR «.'letr .00
L*a Ar.r-lr«5..2:».!Wt Kw r.4 HW CJear .00
JJt Tcir.a!j»ais.Vt.'.i?> 74 3S UW <:iu-ar .0")
North He*a...:sfl.!0 CO .'»> N*W Clear .«*>
J'hcr.:.-; 23.CS Kk: 7S NW 1't.Cldy .00
I'ocatcIJo. Ida.7J.ftt Sfi r.2 S l't.Cldy .00
Ponlscd W.frt 7» f,2 NW Cl'ar .W
I'cinl here*. .29.9:1 M 4J NW t'l«-ar .00
V.nl XSteZ 29.6S 32 T.S SR Cltur .00
rtnrehurv SM.W 70 M W Clear' .00
5kcr»ratRtQ ..T.i.sv t>X 54 J» Clear .00
Ke!t Lak'. Tt.SS 'M iil XI I't.Odr .00
•¦an FmnfiRCO.»'0.tW C2 62 W Clear .00
*•. L. Oblspo. .SO. 02 <;«; 40 TV" Clpa-r .00
htn Ine.-f- 29.!i2 72 CO W Cleur . .CO
tcattlc 30.13 r,ij f>2 W Clear .00
H^oi.on« 2U.&0 M .12 SW Clear | .00
TaioctTi 30.10 «» 50 W CU»r .00
V."a!!a WaJ!a. .23. «0 S2 16 KW Clear .00
v/inntmucea .2'J.Kl Mi 40 KW Clear .«»
Tuna -~J.:0 lCs 70 SW Clear .00
WEATHZIt COXniTIOX!; AND CEKKIlAt.
* FORE«:A«iT.
• There fcas be^n but little chanj,e la pressure
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sale*. High. Low. Close.
Atchinon 24.100 04 v?i\ Kii*.
Atchison prd 1.100 88V4 «?i KS
Baltimore & Ohio. 12.500 |2U Ml* Sl«
Bait & Ohio pfd 11.400 84 62%i *4=»i
Canadian raclflc... 4,200 li-l 120*« 121 Vj
O-ntral of N J ; 157
Chesapeake fc Ohio. 4i«) ,12'i 31*; ."JlVi
Chicaeo & Alton... l.Si>0 21'j 20Vi 21>,
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 fi5 C5 64 \' 3
Chicago Great West 2,000 15', J4-% 14i 4
Chi G W B pfd 300 33 U 32 .TJ
C4NW &00 1*>1 101U l<jl
CJy Term & Trans. 100 104 jn% iflii
<*i T & T pfd 000 13 18 18
CC,C4.«lL 2.7<. 1 O 71 70 69V«
Colorado Southern. 4,300 11% II 11U
Colo South list pfd. 400 ,M 50 80
Colo South 2J pfd.. 4f>0 21'i 21 2O«i
Delaware & Hudson ZCJti 163',J 160 100
Dela, Lack & West ' .... 230
Denver & Rio G... ROo 22K 22 2214
rj*n & Rio G pfd.. 3W 78 76 Vi 77
Erie 13,200 2$H 27»i 2SU
Erie 1st i>fd :t,500 C7U 60 6«%
Erie 2d pfd 1.200 43»i 44V4 44>*
Great North pM 170
Hocking Valley 2uO 75 74 73
Hocking Vallf-y pfd • .... SO
Illinois Central 3.400 jr.Oi£ 123 I2»?j
Iowa Central 2OO 17 17 17
I-jwa Central pfd.. 400 .11 32 rta
K C Southern 400 21 20 20>£
K C Southern pfd 37
Louisville & Na*h. 1.200 10.1*4 102% 102»j
Manhattan L l.WV) 1X1 132 132
Metropolitan £t Uy 1.000 115',i 113 112*i
Minn & 6t Louis... 3:H 70 «2 A!)
Missouri Pacific... «.eo<» OS 97 SI7V.
Mi:-. Kan k. Texas. i.tWi 10 is«: |9
M K & T pfd 200 38 37«J 37
Ntl R It of Mexico Hi
Ntl R R of Mex pfd 3x
New York Central; R.2C0 11» I17N 1I7«
Norfolk A: Western. 1,000 C2 B0*i m**
Nor & Went pfd M
Ontario & Western. 1.€00 22«i 22 22
Pensylvanla 10,«09 121% 12ftU 121
P. C. C & St L 300 &IV. 3.S m
Reaflfrjj 10.200 48Vj 47 47 v4
Reading 1st pfd XOi.
Readlnr 2d pfd 200 <i«! r.r, i;i;
ItMk Isian-l Co 12.H0O 22*4 21 21 V.
Et I, & 8 F 400 68 5rt 50*
Ft L A P F 1st pfd S «o
St L <t R F 2d pfd. 700 49 48 48<i
1st Louis S W 2<V) , 14 j.iy ].•{:•?
!«t i^ouis s w pfd.. ffm si ' .{01^ ::qk
Et I'atii 1S.WJ0 • liO>,s 13854 1^ T 4
St Paul pf<l 170*
Southern Pacific... 20.«00 42«,4 40 41
f?outh*rn Railway.. 3.1 00 21 iOU 2f»%
Southern I!y pfd... 1.200 «4li M fn
Textiu & Facific... J.700 2.">4 £5 -ui/.
T. St L & \V 20O JO' is is
T, St L ific W r pfd.. SOO 25 >i 25 23 K
Ur.Ion Pacific 20.400 75Va ''•'•"i 74 '«
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 85 Si S4U.
Wahakh rtfo 20V4 20 "0
Wal.ash jfd 2,00i> :.'" • R3»; ::t;
Whrel & L E .1.270 H',4 MU 14
WUcciifcin Centra T. . SCO 10V, -IH14 ji\
WlRcjnrin On pfd . 200 37 . . 3G!4 CO
Express Companies —
Adumt «2l
American • T7«
I'niteil States .... 100
Welif-Farjfo .... 153
Mi»<---llantouB —
AnwlRsmated Cop . 2S.800 40^i Xi .Ts%
Am Car «c -Foundry. 1,500 .12 31 «i .",1
Am Car Si V pfd.. 400 83«i SI g:;
Am LlnuFpiV-OII....* 1.500 i;y. .1 15"
Am Liu Oil pfd 200 £3 23 < £5
Am Locomotive .. 1.00") 17«i Hj« 17
A m Loco pfd 300 S2 82 fa '
Am Smelt fc Ref.. 4.70O 41*1 «»!,; .•»»«
Am H & Ref pfd .. 300 01 88U DO
Am Kupar Ref 2.400 115 mrj 114
Anaconda illn Co.. I.!K)O CT)\i t3 1:4
Brooklyn H Tran .. S.700 43 41 # 41«4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 700 42M1 41 41 14
Col & Hock Coal.. 300 14 13U UK
Consolidated Ga* .. 400 1A3 JS2U. is2f>.
General Electric .. 1.200 130 i«7' ir«iI
Inter Paper 1.7O(t 111,4 10 10
Inter Paper pfd.'... 200, 64 C3 (it
Inte-r Pump 40
Inter Pump pfd -75-
National Hisrutt 3«U
National Lead '300 15 I4»,£ 14'^
North American .. 6.RC0 74 70 71
Pacific Mall 1.300 20>4 1SU 18
People'* Ots J.200 O3«4 92% U2%
Pr*s»ed Kteel Car.. 500 44- ' 42^5 42>Z
Pr^Med B C pfd .. 200 80>i SO 70!^
Pullman Palace Car .... .... 2G0
Republic Steel .... 200 lltf 10«j 10>i
j Exchange and Bullion.
A decline In Silver was the only change yes
terday.
Hurling Exchange, sixty days.. — f| siv^
Stirling Kxchans;#, sifcht — 4 $4%
St»rllriB Exchange. cabl<?3 — 4 K7%
New Yoik Exchange, tight .... — . CJi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07 Vi
Silver, per ounce : . .- — 54 u,
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42'
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Ciicago advanced lc. Crop re
ports were that there would be a record-break
ing yield In Texas and Oklahoma, a large
' yield In Kansas and a good yield in Nebraska.
jrrolably the largest crop ever raised in the
j fcur BtatPH combine*]. Minnesota has a heavy
stand, but It is rusty, with soni* blight. Man-
I itcba promises 5o,0O0.O<>0 bushels, against 60,
' Wio.ooo last year.
This market was firm, with higher futures.
The Chicago letter of Uolton. de Ruyter & Cn.
said: "The market Is etrr.ng end higher. Ca-
I bies are rtlll dull and the cash situation is
j slow. Weather in the Northwest is on the
whole favorable and probably the cut look for
the spring Wheat crop l» somewhat improved.
The Item of news which contributed to the
strength to-day Is the threshlns returns from
Nebraska, which are almost uniformly and dls- I
tlnctly disappointing. It occasioned a good i!*hI '
1 oi local speculative buying. Europe Is expect- j
• Ing liberal world's' shipments on Monday an'd
; Broomhall cables that the Liverpool market Is
! depressed somewhat by offerings of -new Rus
! Klan Wheat. It being Saturday the cash mtr
j ket was quiet. We see no reason to change
i our previous views, which are that Wheat Ib
: worth the money, and when any material
t change comes It will be for higher prices."
j New Wheat, $1 :i7»4*jr1 42 for shipping and
$1 47*6©l 52V4 fcr milling.
I CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40(^1 42^; California !
1 White Australian. $1 BO@t Wli; Northern ;
Club, $1 40® 1 42 V4; Northern Blu« S.tin,
1 $1 4J>%«1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 4TVi :
i FUTUBES.
i " Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
j Open. High. I Low. Close, i
I December ?1 *'•>% ?l.«!i $1 4;{')i $1 44
BARLEY— Closed the week steady as to cash I
' grain, with futures hlcher.
j CASH HARLET.
I Feed. new. $1 02«4©l 03: new shipping and j
brewinr. Jfl 124<bl 11Wl old brewing. %l lo^ '
1.20; Chevalier, . |1 '.'OQl 40 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session U to lliul) a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Dectmber ..... voc liU-Ao 05%c U0',4c
OATS — The Government has rejected the re- I
cent bids for 2OW tons, as being too high, but I
. has< bought th« lot In the open market. - -utber-
I wise there la nothing new to report, the mar
! ktt being well held, with light receipts and
I offerings. . I ¦
White. *l 17«®1 25: Black. $1 1O@1 20; !
Red, 51 VlVi@l »T« tor common and *l 20®!
1 25 for choice: CJray, nominal. i
CORN— Chicago advanced li^c. ThU mar- i
ket ruled- firm, with sales of large Yellow at j
the quotations. The Chicago letter of. Uotton,
de Ruyter & Co. said: "The market Is active
and higher. The situation is a pretty strong;
Fptcultttive one and controlled by crop reporta.
i There is a large, fctrong bull condition in thia
market. Their feellne seems to be that the
tendency of the weather Is' dry and that iwr- !
tect conditions are nece*«ary to make a fair
crop of corn. There is also a good bear ele- {
ment and they are looking at what they regard
u the continued fair weather for developnlg
the crop. In the meantime, with the varying
.conditions and reports concerning the crop
which are ¦ coming: in, the bulls seem to have
a little the- best of.lt. Receipts are moderate
und the demand only fair. We remain In
doubt as to the situation and outlook. The
•weather is the most important factor. If it
continues dry next week In the West and
• Southwest the market will probably go
California large .Yellow. $t 50@l D5: small
round do,» Jl'"o<gl "5; White, $1 45f»l 65;
- ii«yptitn. ' $1 4S«»i 50 tor White und *i -iv.it
1 45 for Brown. . .
» HYE — $1 1US-1 13' per ctl for. old or new.
BUCKWHEAT— *2y^2 50 per ctl. • -
. Flour an'd Millstuffs.
FLOUR—Callfornia Family Extras, $4 4fl3
I" 4 «5, usual, terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 20(0
'4 40; Orwcon ¦ and Washington. $3 70© 4 pcr
"bbl for Kamlly and $3 7004 20 for Uakers'. -
¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices In "packages Hre as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour, $3 26: Rye Meal, |3;< Rlee Flour, $7;
' Corn Meal; $3'2G; extra cream do, • $4; Oat
Groate, $4 CO: Hom'ny, $-l<T/4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 C0©4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 60: Fa
rina, f 4.25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. *ii "r-'f/S (iO; In sacks. ¦ $U 255JS 10;
Pearl Barley. - $5 60: Split Peas, boxes. |7;
Green 1'eas. fS CO per 100 Its.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS'.
har.ta Maria — Beans and beets doing well,
notwithstanding reports to the contrary; grain
heavy.
en the Pacific Coast. Warmer weather prevails
in the interior and temperatures are approach
ing the normal. No rain has fallen west of the
Rocky Mountains. Cloudy weather prevails in
Utah asd Arizona. Fog is reported along the
ccact north of San Francisco.
Forecast made at S-aa Francisco fer thirty
hours ending midnight . July 26:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, warmer
in the interior; light northerly winds inland;
brisk westerly winds en the coast with fog.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; cloudy
in the mountains; tight southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday.
with fog in the morning and at night; light
southerly, changing to brisk westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
120th meridian. San Francisco, July 25, 1903:
K K 3 m v <
slst 1 ! k II il
£ C C y— .-O &J &£
STATIONS. iH 33 c_ |- .8 . %
5 S Is- : : " i
<• « to • •
: j fl \ j j
Cloverdale .... SO 46 .... Clear
Coluba t* 5tt Clear
Eureka 68 54 Clear NW 8
Fresno i»4 5fi i'lear NW «
Hanford 95 33 Clear
Hollister 75 44 Clear
Independence -.88 5S .... Clear SE 12
King City >-2 4S Clear N Lt
Livermore t>8 45 Clear
Los Angeles M) 54 Clear SW 12
Napa JH> 34 Clear
Newman 08 52 Clear
Palermo M4 49 Clear S
Porterville »4 53 CI»ar W
Red Bluff !>2 SS Clear SE Lt
Riverside ».S 4S Clear
Sacramento . . . ** 64 Clear S (!
San Diego 72 fiO Clear W R
San Francisco.. 62 52 Cl<?ar W 22
San L. Oblspo.. «« 4« Clear W H
Santa Maria... 75 5<» clear W Lt
Santa Rosa.... W» 43 Clear
Stockton ...... »>S 53 Clear
Willows 8S 58 Hazy KE
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hanford — Fruit, grain and hay crop excel
lent.
Willows — Peaches ripening rapidly.
Hollitter — Gcod weather for fruit drying. {
Porterville — Outlook for large orange crop i
good.
RivcriltJe — Oranges and lemons progressing
nicely.
Cclusa^Grape crop will be large, good quali
ty. Weather favorable for all fruits.
Pe-lenno — Tuscan clings are being picked and
sent to cannery.
Santa lloi-a — Crop condition* unchanged; lo
cal canneries running on blackberries.
Stockton — Water in irrigation ditches becom
ing scarce.
Cloverdale — Favorable conditions fur all
kinds of fruit.
mentioned yesterday, while Chicago continues
to drag. The. Chicago letter of Bolton.de Ruy
ter Si Co. says: "Market wa» again heavy and
lower. The receipts of hogs, poor demand and
accumulation of stocks, together with little
support from outside speculative buying, makes
a heavy condition and a poor outlook."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. l2Hc for light medium. 14%c for light.
16c for extra light 17c for sugar-cured and
18c for extra sugar-cured;' Eastern sugar
cured Hama, 14^015c: California Hams. 14©
14^c; Mess B««f. $11 50$12 per bbl; extra.
Mess. $12®12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear. $26; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12^c; PI* Pork. $2S; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef 16c per lb.
LARD— TIerce» quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins lOVic; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, lOHc
COVioLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; thre«
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces.
O^c; five tierces. 9Uc per.lb.
j Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All description* under this head remain aa
before quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands itll
about lHc under quotation*. -Heavy salted
Steers, loVic; medium. OVic: llcht. 8Hc: Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and S)ie for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 10%c; dry Hide*. l«Hc: dry Kip, 14c;
dry Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25#-30«
each: short wool, 40665c each; medium. 70©
00c: long wool, $101 60 each; Horsa Hides.
salt, $2 70 for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and SOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry..
$1 73 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1®1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck skins — Dry
Mexican, 32 Vac; dry salted Mexican. 2Sc: dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins — Prim* An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c. • ;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. BQSUc per Ib;
No. 2. 4S4Vjc; grease. 2»i^3^c.
WOOL — Fall clip— &an Joaquin Lambs'. 9&
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mtndoclno. lS(j?:Oc; Foothill,
defective. 11® 13c: Nevada. 12®16c; Ban Joa
quin. defective. O^llc per lb: Southern. 9$>
lie: Valley Oregon, fine. 13019c: do. medium.
164317c: do. coarse. 15@16c; Lambs'. 15c per
pound.
HOPS — 17HC20c to growers and 21@22e from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903. ICHc bid for
the best.
'Meat Market.
The packers rather expect a slight decline
in Hogs during the coming week, basing their
expectation upon- the Increasing receipts and
the gradual decline at Chicago.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:' !
BEEF— «37c for Steers and 5476c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7gSc: small, 9g9Vic per lb. .
MUTTON— Wethers, SQOc: Ewes, 888V3C per
pound. . .
LAMB— Spring. 10<&10*4e per lb. •
. PORK— Dressed Ho**. 8V4fl»Hc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
-The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lees 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers. 859c: Cows and Heifers.
7@8c: thin Cows. 4©&c per lb.
CALVES — J®5Vic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3Vi$3* 4 c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 7S@$.1 per head.
HOGS— Live Hotrs. 140 to 20O lbs. 6t4P6t£c;
under 140 lbs. 5'/i@<Sc; Sows, 20 per cent oft:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Craln Bags. 4.75fl5c: San Quentln.
5.5So: Wool Bags. 32fl33c: Fleece Twine. 7^0
to; Cotton Fruit Bag". OVie. «%c and 7 Vic for
the three grades.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Welling
ton. .$8; Seattle. J6 30; Bryant. $6 50; Roalyn
$7: Coos Bay. J5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7 30;
Richmond. *7 30; Cumberland. $1.1 in bulk and
$14 23 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $4 60 per ton;
Ccke. $11 5061". per ton in bulk and $13 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
20OO lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL. — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 4°c
for raw in barrels;" cases. 6c more; Castor
Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers' A A $1 10®
1 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter stralne-!
barrels. 00c; cases. 03c: China Nut STUodb
per gallon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels" 7j - c
case*. We; Sperm, pure. 70c: Whale Oil' nat
ural white. 50@53c p«r gallon; Fish o'il | n
barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut Oil | n bar
rels 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian
COAL OIL — Water White Coal oil m bulir
I4c; Pearl Oil In cases. 2OV4c: Astral. 2(>Uc-
Star. 2OV4c: Extra Star. 24»*c; Elaine. 2tiU c :
Eocene. 23V4c: deodortaed Stove Gasoline in
bulk, 17c. In cases, 23Hc: Benzine, in bulk
13c; in cases. 13Kip: Sti-desree Gasoline in
bulk, tin In ca**s. 27Uc. ' "
TURPENTINE— Higher at 70c per gallon in
cases' and 67c In drums and Iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lt,j m
6Vic per lo: White Lead. VQOMc according to
quantity.
SUGaR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as rollows. per Ib in 100-lb ba~i-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5 75c"
Powdered. 5.60c: Candy Granulated, .Vecc*
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.50c: Dry Granulated'
coarse. 5.50c: Fruit Granulated, 5.50c- Beet
Granulated UCO-lb bags only). 3.40c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C
5c: Golden C. 4.90c: "D." 4.80c: barrels Kta
mure; half barrels. 20c more; boxes. SOc more
50-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets —
Half-barrels. Cc; boxes. B.25c per Ib. No or
d»r* taken for less than 73 barrels or its equiv
alent.
: Hay and Feedstuff s,--
Corn . produtt* are higher. In sympathy with
the raw grain. Bran : and Middling* are un
changed. Hay rules steady at previous prices.
BRAN— $24 50@25 per. ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 t>er ton. . : tf-^v
SHORTS— $24623 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $22©23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20@26 60;
jobbing. /27R27 60: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21.
Corn Meal, f 32 50®33; Cracked Corn, $33©
3:150: Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse Beans, $30
per ton. ' '¦¦
HAY — Wheat,- : $12014; Wheat and
Oat, $ll@13; Oat. »10©12 60; Barley. *8 50&U;
Clover, $9fflO; Stock, $S&9; Alfalfa, $8@10 per
ton. - *
STRAW— 35360c per bale.
- . Beans and Seeds.
There is not much going on. either In Beans
or Seeds, and quotations are, unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 «0@3 70; Pea. $3 250
3 60; Butters. $3 23; small White. $3 1593 80;
large White, $2 90@$3 15: Pink,- $2 90®3;
Red, $2 ao.y;i: Lima, $3 45^3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye. $2 5C@3 per ctl; Horse
Bean?. $1 25®1 35. . ¦
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard,, nominal; Tellow
Mustard; nominal; Flax, $1 90fi2: Canary, B}4c
for Eastern: Alfalfa,: nominal; Rape. 1%<5!H4c;
Timothy. 6$6^c; Hemp, 3V4©3Wc per 1b; Mil
let, 3©3^e: Broom Corn Seed, $18©20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2©2 23 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was a little -easier feeling in new Po>'
tatoes, as -all shipping orders were filled and
the local demand was 'Slack. Receipts, how-
I ever, were Uuht and the recently advanced
prices were maintained.' Onions, too, were in
I light receipt and choice offerings moved off
I well, sales of Email 'parcels being reported at
70o per ctl.
The Vegetable market was active, owing to
the additional demand 'among retailers for the
Sunday trade.; Green - Corn was -^teady and
prices of crates had a narrower range. Peas,
Abparagus and Lima Beans were' still in limit
ed supply and- met with quick sale at steady
prices. There were heavy receipts 6f Toma
toes, mcstly green stock, and there was a
sharp drop in prices. Egg Plant and Green
Okra were in moderate receipt and unchanged.
Cucumbers, Summer Squash and Green Peppers
j were lower under heavy receipts and there
I was quite a surplus unsold at the close of busl
{ ness. String Beans of good quality were in
{ fair request and steady,' while poor stock was
abundant and moved slowly. ...
POTATOES— Wew White, 85c©$l 50 per ctl
in sacks and $1 10® 1 75 in boxes; Early Rose,
I 7Acft$l; Uarnet Chiles, $1@1 16; old Uurbanks
I from Oregon, nominal. . . - •
I ONIONS— 55«Jb'5c per ctl.
! VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 2501 75 per
! sack; crates from Alameda, $1 2555 2: from
.Berkeley, $1 60; Asparagus, $1*23©2 50 per
I box: Green Peae. 3!J4c per Ib: Siring Beans,
I 1><3@3c per 1b; Wax, 3#4c: Lima Beans, 7<SSt
per lb: Tomatoes, 30@50c for. small boxes and
| "r-cfi.fi 25 for larce boxes from the river;
| Summer Squash,' 35@50c per box; Cabbage,
| 75c(i$l per ctl; Carrots, 75cfl$l per sack; Cu
! cumbers, S0<@50c per' box; Garlic, 2Hi<{i3c P*r
i lb: Dried Peppers, 5c per lb: Green Peppers,
I r>O®SSc per box for Chile and $1©1 S3 for Bell;
* Green Okra, t#(375c per box; Egg Plant, % $l-tf
I 1 25 per box.
. Poultry and Game.
Poultry closed the week easy, with quite a
surplus of geccnd-clags stock, especially Hens.
I on hand. The market had an easy tone
! throughout the week, receipts of both Western
and domettic stock being liberal and only fine
larKft youns stock showed any firmness. One
or. two cats of Western will be marketed to
j morrow.. <¦
| Game stood as previously quoted. Hare and
I Rabbits cleaned up readily, but Doves contln
j ued to arrive freely and were easy at the re
: c*ntly reduced prices.
I POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. $1 25<fU 50: Goslings. $1 250(1 50:
I Ducks, $.T34 per dozen for old and $3 50@
! 4 50 tor yuung; Hens, $4@5; young Rooster*.
I $t;@8: old Roosters, $4®5; Fryers. $1 50@4 50;
I Broilers. $3«i3 50 for large and $2<32 50 for
| small; Pigeon*. $1 50 per dozen for old and
II 50 for Squabs.
i GAME- Rabbits. $1 25S1 75 per dozen; Hare.
I $1 -5; W114 Doves. M)ifi7iic per dozen.
[ Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I The feeling In Butter continues weak, with
1 sonic dealers . offering their fine creameries
freely at 23c. . The demand is dull, and some
f.tock Is bt-lng placed on cold storage to get
it out cf the .way.
Cbeeso continues weak, with some dealers
quoting 12 ',4c ats the top for the best brands.
Th*" demand is hIow.
Eggs are moving slowly af previous prices,
but there is no oversupply, aa receipts are
fallinr off.
Receipts were 2O.7C0 lbs Butter. S03 cases
Eggs and 3SC0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. -'lV4©26c: dairy, 22V4©
24c: store Butter. 17(B20c: Kastern. nominal.
"CHKBSE-^Nexv, 12Vs{fl3c; Young America.
14}i©lfic: Eastern, HlijfJloVic; Western, H&
ISe ner lb.
I KUGS — Ranch, 2G@27u for large white select
| td and 241j25c lor xood to choice: store, ls>jp
i 2Jc; liatterti. 18&21c per dozen.
I Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
As usual on Saturday the local demand for
¦ choice ripe fruit was brUk. and there was u |
; tif itiiy Inquiry for good hard Mock for ship
ment nn the Puget Sound Meamer. Apples. ;
Pears. Plums. Prunes and Peaches In small
packagrs were abundant, but moved treely at I
wt-11-malntaiiied prices. Apricots in email boxe«
and crates were- In limited supply, but bulk
i;tock arrived lreely. The consumptive de-
I mand lor thla fruit wes \ery H*ht. and the
ranntrs, took , advantage of th<> situation and
! their bidi. L-'ealers were backward
about acceptlnr the lower prlc«s, but were 1
rinally obllg^U to let go, and large quantities
were sold at the revised quotations. Second
quality offerings sold below the quoted rales,
come very pnor stock selling down to $10 per
I ten. Receipts of Peaches in baskets were
1 liberal, and as most of Friday's late arrivals
i were still on hand, prlrex continued easy. Fan
1 cy Firs In large boxes from the river ht
rived early and sold at a sharp advance. Of
ferings lrom other sections came to hand late,
but- sold well ut steady prices. Nectarines
and «Jrar»ea were offerinjr treely. but found !
tew buyers, owing to the poor quality of nms-t |
of the offerings. The warm. Minny weather
etimulrti'd the demand for Melons, and prices i
of Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons ranged ,
higher. Watermelons were active at previous
pilces, the demand tor local and shipping use
being steady. The usual quantity of Berries
came In and cleaned up well at rteady prices.
The demand lor Currants was Unfit, as U
usually the case on Saturday, and prices were
Fhaded.
Citrus and tropical fruits were without spe
cial feature, and all quotations were' uu
chanzed.
STliA.WHEHRIES— $3©7 per chest for Long
worths and $Jtj5 tor* the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $5«7 per chest.
. LOGANBERRIES— $3 f<tl&5 l'*r chest.
liLACKBEHHito— *'- ''*><it* Per cnm.
HlCKLKUEKHlES— SaiOc prr lb.
CURRANTS— 40ft 5Cc per drawer.
APPLES— 75c4iJ I 25 itr box for cho!ce and
fancy and 4(iaio.'«; lur cuminon; i"i.«rid^,«ea. Hit? '
Jiuc lur i>mall boxes and 73c for large.
rbAUbT-fcartleiid, £3c<e$l per box for
wrapped, and 4(ifr75c for. open boxes; to;
canners. $M<b'X> P»r ton; Dearborn Seedlings,
'Ciiir-Uc for hmall box«s, und 75c tor large.
FIGS— 30cft?i per drawtr: large box. a from
the river, $'-.
PLUMS— ;i. r >Go0c P*r and BO^UOo per j
crate: to canueis, $ibbi-0 t<er ton.
i'HUNES— 'i'rageuy. 4u^uu: per crate and
SSebOo per b4«sket.
NECTAR1NKS — r>0«Si5o per box or crate.
APH1COTS— 50©75o per box or crate; to can
ners. *lC«i-3 fer ton.
PEACHES — idQ'MJC for small boxes and 75c
for larue; baskets from'tbe river, 3u$o0c.
MEIAJNS— «:antaloupe3, $1- 20$ 1 00 tor. small
crates from Bakersfleld, and $2 25©.'l for large
crates trom Winters and the rlvtr; Nutmetr
Melons from the river, $1 -5<ftl to per box;
Watermelons. $0620 per hundred. ¦
GHAPES— V'aouip*on's oeeulesn from Vaca
ville. $1 -o per crate; Fontalnbleau, 85ctr$l per
Cr ciTRt;S FRUITS— Nevel Oranges,- $160©
° 50 per box; t'eetJltngs. I1O125; Valencia^,
$ I 5tH{3: St. Michaels, $25};!: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25®1 50; Lemons, 75ct»$l for stand
ard $1 2G&1 To for choice ami $2®2 75 for
lancy; Grape Fruit, $1M1 25; Mexican Lime.-i.
S\ 50©5; Bananas. $1 «0(fi2 50 per bunch for.
Central American and 73c&$l 50 tor Hawaiian;
Plneafiples, $1 &0«i2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins ,Honey
Trade continues quiet, though fair sale* o*
new trult are reported, and prices show -a.
i wider range as the assortment enlarges.
NKW FRL'IT— Apricots, O^ifrOc for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, B^c; Peaches. 4 Vi^7c lor
fair to good stock: Pears, nominal at 7o.
OLD FUU1T— Evaporated Apples, 4(g3^c;
sun-drisd, 3(g4ci Peaches. 4@5V4c: Pears. 4®
4V4C for quarters and 6©tHic for halves; Nec
tarines. 4©"6c tor white: Plums, 4@tJc for pttt«d
and 1©1 V4c for'unpltted; Figs. 3%©*c for black
and 4<&5e for white.
PKIjNES— law crop, 2%Q2%c for the four
size*, with %@lcpremluin for the large «ljes.
RAISINS— 1002 crop are quetsd as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxer. 1>V\V per
lb; 3-crown. 5>ic: 4-crown, 6c: Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 6c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c: Seedless
Thompsons, 6%c; 2-crown London Layers. 2o
lb boxes, $140 per -box; 3-crown." $1 50. 4
crown fancy clusters, ao-lb boxes, $2: 2-rrown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 60; «-crown Imp^riaU,
ao-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb caftons, 7%c; choice. 7^c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softshell. 12V5fll3c;
No. 2. 10H6Uttc;'No. i hardshell. llVitfiac:
No. 2, 10©10Hc; Almonds, lie fo.- Nonpareils,
10%@llc for I X L, 10Q;10Hc for Na Plus Ul
tra and -S5/s%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, 3Q7c
for Eastern; Pecans. 11613c: Cn:oanuts. $4 60
®S.<k ¦ ¦^-¦¦. -':¦-. - ¦ ' :¦ i ¦¦:'•¦
• HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. 6%©«c: light amber extract
ed, 6**5 V~e: dark, nominal.. .
BEESWAX— 27©20c per Ib.
• , % i
¦ This market Is weak at the lower ; prices '
]Vcll street lozver, despite a good bank statement.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
Sihcr declined again. Exchange rates undiangcd.
Local bank clearings gain over $5,000,000 for the zvcek.
Wheat and Barley futures higher. '
Goz-cnnnent buys its Oats in the open market.
Corn firm and its products higher. Rye steady.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Hay, Bran and Middlings steady and unchanged.
Butter and Cheese zveak and Eggs steady.
Not much going on in Dried Fruits.
Provisions zveak at the recent decline.
Hops, Wool and Hides as previously quoted.
Packers looking for lozver Hogs this zveek.
Turpentine marked up 3c per gallon.
Potatoes easier under a slacker demand. Vegetables active.
Poultry not all cleaned up at the close.
Good local and shipping demand fpr desirable Fruit.
Republic 6teel pfd. SCO 65% 64% 65
Rubber Goods 17.900 13% 12 13
Rubber Goods pfd. 3.200 63 60 61 .
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,500 39 >; 37 37%
U 8 Leather 2.800 7 6% 6V
U S Leather pfd.. 800 79H 78 78
U S Rubber 2.100 10 0 0
U 8 Rubber pfd ..' 8.300 42 41 42%
U 8 Steel 20,800 23% 22S 22%
U S Bteel pfd 11,600 70U 69% 69%
Western Union .... 200 83 U S3> /8 83
Toul sales 463.200 shares.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
•U S ref 2s reg 106% L & N Uni 4s »1%
U B ref 2s coup.. .100% Mtxlcan Cent 4s.. C3
U S 3a reg..' 107% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 14<£
U S 3s coup......l08>/> Minn A. St L 4s.. tt'JVi
IT 8 new 4s reg..l34>. Mo, K & T 4s... 80
U S new 4s coup.l35H Mo. K & T 2ds... 77V»
VI S old U reg... HI N Y C gen 3Vi»... 95
U 6 old 4s coup. .111 N J C cen 5s 128
V S 3s reg 101% Nor Pacific 4s... 93%
U S Bs coup 103 Nor Pacific 3s... 71*,
Atchison gen 4s.. 99% Nor & W con 4s. 07
Atchlson adj 4s.. 87^ Reading gen Is... i)3%
Xalt & Ohio 4S...100V* 9L&IM con 5s.H0>,,
Halt & Ohio 3^s. 91 H S L A S V 4s.... 90',$
B A O conv 4s... 100 S L Sowentn lsts. u\y 2
Canada So 2ds...lO6 S L Sowestn -Ms.. 74
Cent of Ga 5s 1WH S A & A I» 4s 77
«>nt Ga 1st Inc.. "OH So Pacific 4s S5
Chcs & Ohio 4*ii«.lo04 So Railway 5s 113
Chgo & Alt 3«»s.. 73% Tes & Pac lsts... 114%
C B & Q new 4b.. K9 T, St L & W 4s.. 73
C M & S Pgen4*.10S Union Pac 4s.... 99%
C * NW con 7s..l3O'/4 U P conv 4s ; !>2Vt
C, R I & P 4s 100 Wabanh lsts 114
CCC & S L gen4s. 95 Waba*h 2ds 10t>
Chgo Term 4s.... 79 Wabash deb B.... 5(5«3"
Colo &'So 4s 8<5\i \V«t Shore 4s.... 107
Den &. Rio Gr 4s. 97% W & L E 4s 87V4
Krle prior Hen 4a. 1U Wis Cent 4s 87
Krie general 4s... SHi Rock Island 4s... ~5~*
F W & D C lists. .103% Man Con 4s 100
Hocking Val 4H»-' 04 b C V 1 79
Con Tobacco.. «... 57 Pennsylvania 94%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 09 1 Little Chief .....1 06
Alice 08 Ontario .... ....6 50
Breece 13 Ophlr 150
! Brunswick Con .. OS | Phoenix 08
Cometock Tunnel.06>i Potosl 18
Con C«l & Va.... 4S|Sava(5e It
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 54
Iron Sliver I 50 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 05 Standard 3 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Vt Steel 22%.
Call loans 3«4 Do prefd 69},
Time loans 5©>0 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 4«i
Atchlfon 4s fl« Allouez *.'. 41^.
Mex Cent 4s .... 72 Amalgamated ... 38>-
Railroads— Blngham 21 •
Atchison ft KSJ4 Calumet & Hecla.405
Do pref™ 87H Centennial 1314
Boston & Albany.243 Copper Range 39
Boston & Maine.lHW i Dominion Coal ... Oo'i^
Boston 1 137 Franklin 7U
N Y N H &. H... 195 'Isle Royale 5»4
Fitchburg pfd ..ISO 33 «
Union Pacific ... 74 Old Dominion .. 9U
Mpx Central 12 Oseeola 4t>
Mlscellanfous — Parrot 17
Arr.er Sugar 111 jUutney S7 V-i
Do prefd 118 Trlmountain .... SPi
Amer T & T. ..ISOli Trinity 4%
Dominion I & S. 12U United States .. l'ii
Gen Electric 150 Utah 22^
! Mass E!ec 20V-i Victoria 3
{ Do prefd 80 Winona ay,
1'nlted Fruit 100 Wolverine 55
i Westinigh Com.... 85
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
I Cons for money., til 1 * N Y Central 121%
i Cons for acct. .91 7-iti Nor & West H4
i Anaconda 3%\ Do pfd 91
Atchison 6«Vs Ont k West 2.1
Do pfd 91 I Pennsylvania t>2»£
i Bal * Ohio 84T; : Rand Mines 10
! Can Pacific 125*.[ReadlnR 24%
¦ flies * Ohio 33% Do 1st pfd 4H 9
I Chi Great West.. 15>^l Do 2d pfd 34V
1 Chi. Mil & St P.. 145 So Railway 21$
j De Beers l'JTil Do pfd 87
Den & Rio G 23^ £0 Pacific- 4.{>;
; Do pfd 81 Union Pacific 77%
j Erie 30 Do pfd RS
; Do 1st pfd CO U S Steel 24t;
Do 2d pfd 4R Do pfd 74V.
i 111 Central 133VJ Wabash 21
i Louis «t Nash lictVj Do pfd ........ 37Vi
1 Mo. Kans & Tex. 20
j Bar silver — Quiet, 25 3-16d per ounce. "
Money — 1 ! a *r 1 'i per ctnt.
The rate ut discount in the open market for
»hort bills U 2U per cent and for three months'
bills 2% per cent.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. July 25. — The statement of
aieragfs of the Clearing-house banks of this
c'.ty for tii* week shows: Loans. $0'.)7.6&9,7r»O;
increase. SS84.20O. Deposits, $902,376,800; In
crease. 17.108.700. Circulation. $131.81!»,20O;
decrease. ?ttt,70(». Legal tender, $78,142,5<Kt;
increase. $l,»»23.400. specie. $166.3«7.10"; in
crease. *5,6n3.7»x>. Reserves, $244,809,000; In
crease. $7,420,100. Reserve required. $225,504.
200; increase. ?1. 702.17.1. Surplu?, $18.915, 40<);
ircreajie. 55,63«.P2-'5. Ex-I7nlle0 States deposits,
Kf.'VO.'XiZ; Increase, $5,(534, 000.
! Nezv York Grain and Produce.
j _ /T
1 NEW YORK. 'July 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
i 13.S00 barrels; exports, (J200 bnrrels: market
i moderately active, closing steady; winter pat-
I tnt», $3 40<S4 30; winter stralshts. $:$ 50®.1 S5:
j Minnesota patent*. $4 4O'??4 Bf>; winter extras,
$2 W&3 SRI; Minnesota bakers. $3 SS^J 75;
I winter low zradeg, $2 70f?.1.
WHEAT— Rucelptri. 37.1(00 bushels; exports
I 102,200 bushels: spot was firm; No. 2 red.
I 81c elevator and S2</,e f. o. b. aflcat; No. {
i Northern Duluth, 92^0 f. o. b. sfltat: No. 1
j hard Manitoba, 03'fcc f. o. b. aflont. Options
I were dull and fairly well sustained, owing
to a higher corn market and Hsht speculative
offerings. N^ar th»- clone further advances
occurred and last prices showed V4<6Hc net
rise. No. 2 red. May. July and September
clos»»d at Sl',ac; December closed at 8l%c.
HIDES — Easy; California, 21 to 23 pounds,
19c.
HOPS— Dull; Pacific Coast, 1D02 crop, 15®
21r; 1901 crop. 10if;15c; olds, 497c.
MOLASSES— Finn.
PETROLEUM— Firm; refined, stronger; New
York. 8.65c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
5HC; mild, quiet; Cordova, "©lie. Futures
closed 'iulft at a partial decline of r. points
under' liquidation. Sales. 1250 bags. Including
September, 3.75c; March. 4.30c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, .1 S-ISc;
centrifugal, 90 test, :» ll-16c; molasses 8Ugar,
2 15-16c: teflneil. firm; No. 0, t.GUc; No. 7,
4.W>o; No. R, 4.50c; No. 9, 4.13c; No. 10,
4.40c; No. 11. 4.:Cc; No. 12, 4.30c: No. 13.
4.2.V; No. 14, 4.20c: confectioner*' A, 4.75c;
cut loaf and crushed. 5.00c; powdered. 5.50c;
granulated, 5<j: ethers. D.25c. , •
. DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is !
quiet, only a wmall demand beiiv noted, but
such transactions as rpj>orted ar<- at «n- i
changed prices. Common are quotid at 4<S51ic; j
prime at 6%®6c; choice at C'^fiB'/iC: fancy at j
ti%<37'ic. . • J
PRUNES — Spot mre perhaps a thade under
a smaller movement. Quotations, however. !
still range from ">c to 7c for all ci-Jdes. j
APRICOTS — Show.llttle feature, ptir-ta being
about steady and trading light, choice are !
quoted at ««?8%c and fancy at 10^12^c. I
PEACHES— Quiet, with choice held at 7®
7Vic and fancy at 8S10«Jc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. Sept. ' D»c.
Opening 8 2«A 6 2V4 :
Closlns? « 21^ 6 2y t '¦
/ PARIS. \
Wheat— July. Nov..Feb.
Opening 25 00 22 10
Closing 25 05 22 10
Flour —
Opening 31 00 20 83
1 Clokinsr 31 53 ' 29 70
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. July 25. — Wheat was quiet and !
uninteresting until late in the (session, with
prices lower at the start. September being oft
\i,v to Vic at 73J4c to 7Cc. Reports of hot •
winds in the Northwest and disappointing •
threshing reports besan to come In. however,
jind fcborts started to cover. They goon had
September up to 76',-i<&7O%c, where a break
occurred. It was only temi>orary, and when
corn develoued still greater strenath the ad
vance continued to 77 Ho, where it eased off a
trifle -ind clcaed firm at 77©77%c, a net Bain
of Ti&lc. There was a little better demand
from commission houses and St. Louis bought
freely.
Corn made the pace for other grains and held
much of the interest of th#» trade. Trading
»a« excited, due to hot weather damage re
port*, those from the West being especially
dUcouraglng. Oklahoma had hot winds mill .
Kanftsn needs rain, with no moisture anywhere
in the corn belt.. Traders sold long corn eariy
without affectlnr the price to any larce ex
tent and later a heavy demand developed and
held until the close. Trade was on a large
scale and the buying was participated In by
shorts, outsiders and large private speculator*.
September closed strong at the top at 62 lie, a
gain' of H*c, having cold up from 50»,ie. ' 1
Oat* followed the -leader* from the opening, '
but' therii was little enthusiasm- manifested.
The market wm not broad at any time, al
though tnere was some increase in outsloe
business. Ttade, wa> largely local and the
market mildly bullish on the corn situation."
September closed with a gain of %c at 33%c.
Local liquidation caused the weakness in pro
visions.', The hog market and heaviness of re
ceipt* apparently Induced the selling. .Closing
figures were near the bottom and the, market'
lacked feature. • September pork' was •¦ dowa
CaliforniaStock and Oil Exchange
Four. Oil **.*.".I'."*.* 10
Hanford Oil ZZ\ T*
Home Oil i .; CO
Imperial Oil '.. . VJ W> '
Independence Oil l(i IS
Junction Oil 21
Kern Oil 5 VO
Lion Oil 05 W '
Monte Oristo Oil.... J)5- . 1 OO
Monarch Oil M .11
Oil City Petroleum 23 .... ,
Peerless Oil
Reed Crude Oil.^-. 3* 41
San Joaquin Oil 5 75 ....
Sterling Oil a CO
Thirty-three Oil 8 Cut
Twenty-eight Oil * 40
Union Oil (W Oi
United Petroleum .... 119 Ou
West Shore Oil .-, » 23
Miscellaneous — •
Abby Land and Improvement -..-. « -.">
AUmeda Sugar 29 W>
American Biscuit 03 CO I 1 ".) to
American District Tel ....
"Bay Counties Power * ....
Cal Central Gas and Electric .... ....
Cal Cotton Mills 85 CO
Cal Jockey Club. 1C3 W>
Cal Powder .
Cal Shipping: Co 23 00 30 (to i
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 UO 140 to
Central Bank of Oakland CO CO
Chutes Company '. So')
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp't Co ti 12V» ....
Eastern Dynamite .... j
Ewa Sugar Plantation (
Gas Consumers' Assn 2250
Honolulu Sugar ....
London and S F Bank (Ld.) ....
Mercantile Trust • ....
Northern Cal Power 0 37fi 0 75
Nevada National Bank .
North Shore Railroad !>«(>'.«
Orpheum Company 15 0» ).-
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 U>
Parafflne Paint 33 OO ....
Postal Device and Imp't ....
San Francisco Dry Dock . 47 no ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry IS CO ....
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric is c>
Truckee Electric 13 OO •
Union Sugar :. 22 5O
United Gas and Eleetric... 31 50 ....
Western Fish Company ....
. • ' SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
5O Sterling .* 3 f ',
i fiCO Home Oil 2 nr.
500 Monte Cristo Oil nS
700 Monarch Oil C3
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchangs Board yesterday ;
Morning: Session.
400 Andes 10i 500 Ophlr 1 7i>
100 Belcher 44 200 Ov-rn-.an :*>
K>0 B-lcher ...... 4.'.| 2Ot> Putosl Zl
200 c <: & \*3 i a>: 2oo Potc*; z±i
ICO C C & Va 1 ?>.*: 70O Seff Bel-hjr. .. 10
1 COO Con Imperial. 04 1 no Sierra Nev... K}
5CO C New York.. IS 200 Silver Hill.... S-j'
1000 Justice 14 4CA ITnlon Con... .if
I 00O Mexican 123 300 Utah . 3>i
i ¦.•.»> Mexican I 20
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Folio wins; were the tales on the Pacific Stotk
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
r.00 Chollar 21 r 200 Savage :'>W'
I5C»> Chollar 20| JOo Sierra Nevada K1
2U0 C C & Va...l 80 2t5O Sierra Nevada •;_'
2tm Con Imperial. IU 2*O Silver Hill «3
l(x«O Juj-tii'e 141 SCKM.'niun Con ••!
200 Mexican .V.I SK 300 Union Con... . VU
SCO Mexitan 1 20 10O ITnion Co**.... hi
20O Occidental ... «2 200 Union Con v«
ifiO Ophlr If.'. 500 Yellow Jacket 7?
oCo potosi 2;;
TONOFAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Follawing were the nalea on the Tonopali
and San Francisco Minins Exchan.e yet>t:i
day:
j " . Morning Segslcn.
lOO CMefinn IM 400 Re»cne t»
iqC MacNamsrt . 22 ICO Ton Belmont..! 03
100 Mcnt Ton 07 JfXO Esptransa ... u5
I CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 23—12 m.
" EM. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha f~> Of. Julia 02 04
Alta i... OS Ofi'Justlce 11 13
Andes iiS CSiKentuck «: 04
Belcher 41 it Mexican 1 13 t 2<»
Best & Eelch.l 03 2 10 Occidental ... Xi t3
I Bullion Cn 04 Ophir 1 W> 1 »h»
; Caledonia 1 40 1 45 l Ov»rman .... 23 SO
I Challenge ... 47' 40 Potoxl Zl 25
Chollar 2O 21 Savage 17 tM
ConHdence ...I 25 1 25 Scorpion 04 VS
Con Cal & V.I «O 1 HolSes Belcher.. M» 10
; Con Imperial. 0:5 04; Sierra Nev... Bf> tsrt
Con NY 1« 17!Sllver Hill... K 83
Crown Point.. 22 23! St Louis .... IS 2"
Eureka Con .. — 43 ! Syndicate ... — Of.
i Exchequer ... — 01 (Union Con^. . *7 8S
<Jou!d & Cur. 40 41 Utah 2.1 Ml
Hale & Norc. S3 ."¦; Tel Jacket.... 71 7U
Lady Waah .. — Om 1
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan 1« 17 Rescue .14 13
F.speranxa ... C."i (W Ton Belmont.l S2'i —
Gipsy Queen.. 25 — Ton & Cal... 37 5O
Gold Mt Con. 1O — 'Ton Fraction. — 1 CO
Lucky Tom .. — 10 Ton Gt W... to 07
MacNamara . 22 2.H Ton or N««v.. — S W!
Mizpah Ex . . — 45 Ton N Star.. 43 31
Mont Ton ... 05 !>" Ton Midway. — "C
N Y Ton — 25 Ton Union .. — 85
Paymsster .. — SO, Utopia — 35
Pine Grove... SO — - ¦• ¦ ¦ . •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
32%c at ¦ Jfia SO.lard was offlOc at $7 S3 and
ribs 2%c lower at *8 02'i. , % • .
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles— Open. High. Lew. Clos-j.
Wheut No. 2— ; .
July, Old ' "5% 77 75U 76%
July, new . . 75% 77 ". 75% "7C* 4
Sept.. old ... 70U 77^ 76^ 77%
Sept.. new .. 76*» 77% 75% 77&
. Corn No. 2 — '-•'. -i'. - ' : , ' ¦
July 60% T,l% 50% 51 %
September ... 50^ -52 V. 50Vi 52 (*
December ... 50& • 52% 50V4 G2*»
Oats No. 2—
July ........ 41 . , <2 40% 4Hi
September .. 33*s » 33T 8 . 03** • 33%
December .... 33% 34% i »3% 34%
Mess Pork, per barrel — .
September ...14 07Vi 14 10 13 77^ 13 SO
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September ;.. 7 S2Va 7 00 7 75 7 75
October . 7 G5 7 65 7 55 ' 7 65
i Short Ribs, per. TOO pounds —
September .. S 22>/i .8 25 , 8 00 S 02«i
October ..... 7 1K> . :8 07V a 7 90 7 00,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. Winter patents, $3 75@3 00; straights,
$:; f.ocy:t 70; spring patents, $ttr* 40; straights.
J3 60(§3"80; bakers', $2 00@3 30. 'No: 2 spring
wheat, 80c; No. 3. 75(§S0c; No. 2 red. 75%®7Sc:
No. 2 yellow. 54c: No. 2 oats, 31 (g 32c: No. 2
white. -4l4@42Hc;: Noi-.3 white. 38@42c; No.
2 rye, 51©53c: good feeding barley, 40®41c;
fair to choice malting, 47053c; No. 1 flax seed,
02«4c: No. 1 Northwestern, $M5c: prime timothy
seed. $3 30; mess pork, her barrel, $13 55@
13 t>0; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 60©7 55; short
ribs sides Moose), #7 5C©8; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). $7 60@7 62>^; short clear sides
(boxed), $S 50(gS CO; whisky, basis of high
wines, |1 30; clover, contract grade. $12@12 50.
Articles — ' ;• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :.* 22,300 7.000
Wheat, bushels 51,800 SO.500
Corn, bushels 15;J,6CO 22(j,00i>
Oats, bushels .......... ... .207.300 239.4C0
Rye. bushels <."... H.Ofio 62.00»i
Uarle'y, bufhels, 15,400 . O.SOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak. Creameries, 14@10c: dai
ries, 13(£17c. Eggs, weak, ll©13c. Cheese,
firm. lO&tllftc. ¦-.
Eastern Livestock Market. .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
C000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 25@
5 (50; poor to medium, $4 25@5 23; stockers and
feeders, *2 50S* 40; cows, $1 50#4 50; heifers,
$£ 254i4 75: canners, $1 50®2 73; bulls, $2 »l*§>
4 25: calves. ?3(iJ6 30; Texas fed steers, $3 50
@* 05.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 14,000; 'Monday,
38,000; left over, 2000. 5c to Ilk: lower. Mixed
end butchers'. ?5 4<><5j5 50: good- to choice
heavy, $5 5."<u5 70; rough heavy, $S.23@5 50;
light, $5 41XS5 821.V, b"lk of sales, J5 C0@5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4: fair
t-j choice mixed. $3g3 t50: Western she«p. $3 25
<ai: native lambs, $3 25&4; Western lambs,
$3 25<3G 25.
Nczv York Metal Market. *
NEW YORK. July 23. — The usual restricted
Saturday half-holiday trade was noted in all
metals to-day and prices were without quota
ble change. Pig lead retained its strong un-
I dcrtone on a moderate demand; spot! quoted,
$4 80<§4 50..
Tin also remained firm at $27 60@2S for
spot.
I Copper was dull and more or less nominal.
Lake quoted. ?13@13 23; electrolytic, $13®
V. 23. and casting at $12 87U©13.
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $D 87 Vs.
Iron. nominally unchanged and dull.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
XEW YORK, July. L'5.— The cotton . market
closed steady, ntt 2 to 18 points higher. : .
St. Louis Wool Market. * ¦
ST. LOUIS, July 25. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades and combing, 18fr22c; light One. Wh-
ISc; heavy fine. 12i&15c: tub washed, 20 ( S29',ic
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. :
PORTLAND. July 23.— WHEAT— Walla
I Walla, 77@7Sc; blue stem. 80c; valloy, SOc.
j WASHINGTON.
l TACOMA. July 23.— WHEAT— Steady and
I unchanged; bluestem. Sic; club, TSc. •¦ '
i ' . .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. July 25.-*Clearing?, (803,308; bal
ances, $217,155. •
TACOMA, July 25.— Clearlnss, f2»O,5tO; bal
ances. $4^,842.
PORTLAND. July 25.— Clearings. $330,332;
balances. JSl.OSl.
SPOKANE, July 25.— Clearings. S31S.6S3li
balances, ?<»I, .":.(.". ?-£
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 26. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES^
Ja& £i&
SPECIAL SALE TVESDAT. July 23, 11 a.
m., at 1140 Folsom St.. of 4 horses and cami>
wagon. 2 express horses and wagon and also 30 all
purposed horses and a lot of, damaged buggies,
surreys and wagons from Studebaker's fire.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tfW5BS|^3pCSR'^Hp?ro!^r!|^J89!T^^?Bn^^m^^^^8
S The present unprecedented situation an
H In the Corn market offers a golden op- m
£j portunlty for quickly realizing enor- K
B mous ororlts on Corn investments. The J
H latest Government report shows th# wn
tj Corn acreage this year to be 4,200.0<« IK
I acres l»*s than last year, and shows r
|3 the condition of the crop to Ej
M be lower than it has been in the past li
SI ten years.
9 BIG ADVANCE CERTAIN I
n With the reduced acreage this year H
Ja and th« pcor condition of the crop it t
j Is absolutely certain that a full crop ¦
B I cannot be harvested, riuch conditions M
H warrant much higher prices, and w« H
3 predict a very marked advance. In Con m
M prices within ths near future. Such 8S
H opportunities come bui seldom, and you m
H can ill afford to let this one escape you. p
I SEND FOR 01H BOOXLET |
If It Is the most complete and com?r«- E
Bra hensive booklet of the kind ever Issued 11
El arid Is filled with new and vatuahlq In- ;'}
fei formation which will prove profitable m
1 to you. - It explains our methods and K
Q tells you everything you would want S
M to know before Investing. We will also 3
3 send with the- booklet our latest In- ij
tA formation regarding the Corn situation. 11
H showing just why we ars predlctintc S
H one of th? most sensational advance* m
H in the history of the Corn Pit. y
I WE ARE CORN SPECIALISTS |
1 and devote our. entire attention to that 3
6! commodity, consequently we arc better I
B fitted for handllns Corn transactions H
5 than any other commission house In the m
¦ country- -. Jj
I LARGE CAPITAL NOT NECESSARY i
il Our plan gives small Investments the J
J protection of larz* added capital. We i
] furniah our clients with statements of I]
5 all transactions made so that th«y may H
U be familiar with the pro«r«ss of their H
I Investment. When deallne on a '.'•cent J
B margin, th« customary one. $25 buvs H
m 1V50 bushels. ?J'i buys 2509 bushets. K
Cl $K-0 buys OOu/ bushels and $3CO buys |
M 25,(XM) bushels. Kvery advance of two I
t| cents per bushel double* your irroney. 3
%i Do not delay, but telegraph us your I
M order at once, and let your remittance 1
I follow by mall. HIGHEST BANKING f
3 AND COMMERCIAL REFERENCE. W
I MERCHANTS' BROKERAGE I
1 & COMMISSION CO. I
! Su'to lOf, Cay Euilding |
I ST. LOUIS, MO. 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 2(5, 1903.
40
RE^^ESTATE«^ITY-^OR^9 A _|LE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.' 638 Market st.
AUCTION. . i
AUCTION.., >
TUESDXY.......^ C1^^:.;..July 28. 1003
At our salesrooms, 638 Market st.,
. at 12 o'clock noon. «_.,,_,, .
FULTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
S line of Fulton st 84 feet W of Buchanan
St., Nos. 717. 710 721 "723. 725, 727. Improve-
ments consist of 2 stores and 4 new flats,
renting for $88 60 per month. Lot 27:6x87:6.
Mortgage of. $6000 can remain. This a most
excellent opportunity for a safe Investment.
¦PftfE-STREET INVESTMENT.
N line of Pine st. 112:0 fest W of Taylor
st. No. 1026. Lot 25x75. improvements con-
sist of an excellent 2-story house. 10 rooms
and porcelain bath open modern plumbing.
This property is bound to double m value 1
within 5 years. ¦ .
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
W line of Fillmore st. 40 feet Sof Chestnut
st. 2 flne lots 25x80 each. Excellent location
for flats. » ,:
„ MISSION FLATS. __ ,
W.llne of San Jose ave. 125 feet north of
Twenty-fourth st. Nos 118 118A-B-C, rent-
•«]* tor $52 a month. 4 flats In excellent con-
dition. Very large lot 37:6x75. $4000 mort-
gage can remain. • • , - -
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
• N line of /Day -st. 130 feet W of Church St.;
flne level lot ready for building. 25x114.
¦-¦¦> NOE-STREET COTTAGE. ,
E line of Noe at. 85 feet N of Twentieth St..
No. 657: extra size lot 28:6x105. This piece
of property will be sacrificed:
' RICHMOND FLATS.
TV'Hne of Wood st 125 feet 8 of Point Lo-
bos sve.. Nos. 135, 135 A. 2 absolutely new
flats 5 and 6 rooms and bath. Always rented.
This Is a very pretty portion of the Richmond
district: must-be seen to be appreciated.
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
W line of Leavenworth st. 112 feet N of
Jackson St.. large lot 32:6x162:6. Including
right -of way to alley running 73:10% W of
Leavenworth st. through to Jackson st. Im-
provements ".consist of 2 buildings used for
laundry purposes, renting for $31 50 a month.
' POTRERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
E line of Florida st 125 feet 8 of Eighteenth
Bt.; large parcel of ground 108 feet frontage
by 100 feet depth. Old improvements, renting
[ for $12 75 a month. This is a most desirable
site for manufacturing purposes.
EUREKA-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
W line of Eureka st 248 feet S Cf Seven-
teenth st. Extrfemely large lot 49x120 feet.
Property all sewered and street work done.
This property could be Improved with flats
which would bring In. a handsome revenue.
For further particulars* and catalojrue see
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C38 MARKET ST. j
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
— • CIS MARKET STREET
Established 1875.
-560,000 — Rents $51X2 a year: 0 new modern flats
of 8 rooms and baths; over 75 feet front-
age; near Polk and Clay sts.
$05,000 — Grand building cite on Howard ft.,
near 5th: 87:6 feet frontage; present Im-
provements pay $24f>0 a year.
$52,000 — Turk st., near Market: present 1m-
provementB pay $1740 a year.
$36,000— Corner on Pacific ave.. near Webster:
beautiful new mansion of 22 rooms, bace-
» ment and baths, large reception halls,,
¦¦' lance special room, etc.
$35,000—50x160 feet on Howard Bt.. through to
rear etreet; present Improvements pay
$1440 a year.
$21, COO— Mortgage $10,000: Bush st., . not far
from Kearny; substantial 3-etory house
of 13 rooms; rent ?96O a year; lot 30x112 I
feet. ( i
$20,000— Rents $2280 a year; 6 new flats, 6 and
7 rooms and bath; 50 ft. front: Pierce st.
$17,000 — Mortgage $12,000 can remain; must ab-
solutely be rold; o flne stores and room-
ing house, above.
On 5th ist.; large lot. 40xS0 feet; cheap-
est piece of downtown property ever
offered.
$16,000 — Parlfic-ave. residence, near Laguna: 12
, • rooms, basement, wine room: all modern
plumbing, etc. This property Is to be
cold at a sacrifice, owing «tu sickness;
elerant marine view.
$42,500— Inside corner on Larkin St.; rent $25S0
a year; 50 feet frontage; 2 stores and
rooming house above.
$25,000— Elegant marine view; corner on Vallejo
. St.; lot 100x137:6 ft. j
$17,500— Howard, near eth; 2 stores and lodging
house; rent $1320 a year; large lot.
$16,500 — Corner on 3d at.: 2 stor«-H and 2 flats 1
above; nearly 40 feet frontage. t
$8,500 — 3 new flats, 5. 6, « rooms and bath o«
Hyde St.. nr. Broadway: mortgage $3500
can remain: rent ?S10 a year.
$8,500 — Larkin St., near Sacramento; modern
residence; 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x
* 100 feet.
$5,250— Jackson fit., near Hyde; houso of 8
rooms and bath: make offer.
$5,650 — I front flats: 4 rooms each; 3 rear flat?.
3 and - 4 rooms; separate basements:
•every flat In Al condition: rent $65 mo.
55,000 — Hyde st., near Union; 2 fiats. 4 rooms 1
Hnd bath, and cottage of 4 rooms and
ba'h; rent $600 a year; bank mortgage
$2'<0») can remain.
$3,500— Building lot. Folsom st., near Oth;
. _ 23x00 feet. ' . : ,.
$2,600— Store with livlns rooms; flat above, 0
rooms: also flne stable; lot 25x100 feet;
' Minion.
*2 000 — t4:6x.V> feet, on Tremont ave.
. COTTAGES— COTTAGES— COTTAGES.
ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
We have a complete lisa of cottages through-
out tne city which can be had on application
at offlce. See Chronicle and Examiner for other
properties.
EASTON, KLDRIDGE & CO.^
snap::', snap:: 1 , snap 1 .'.'.
SOOOO— Entire block bounded by 17th and ISth
aves. and W and X sts.; 24Ox«IOO feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
G3S Market st.'
MADISON & BURKE.
Real Estate Agents.
Established January, 183S.
30 Montgomery street Opposite Lick House
$16 000— Broadway house with beautiful ma-
rine view; a 14-room corner house; must
sell.
Fillmore. st.. corner of Geary; 1S3 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Flllmore; the
largest mid finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st. 50-vara lot. corner of Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands' «™nd. unobstructed view and
bent neighborhood In city; only $30,000.
$19.500— Sacramento st, near Powell; flne large
lot. 58 feet frontage, rentios for $1200
per annum; flne location for flats or
<: ¦ apartment house; estate; 'make offer.
$8, COO — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 3 houses: rents $60: large
lot; must eell Immediately; call for par-
ticulars.
$7,600 — Webster st. - near California; 9-room
house in flne location.
j7 # 000— Lyon st.. near Hayes; 3 flats; rent*
$67 50; lot 25x112:6. \
$6,000— Folsom st.. near First; 25x73; this
location is advancing rapidly.
$9,000 — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan;
2 buildings; rents $68 50 per month; 27:6
•xl20 to. rear street.
LOTS
$4.20O^-Steiner st., near O'Farrcll; 25x100:9.
$2,500 — Lots on Larkin, near Broadway; $100
per foot. .
Choice residence lota on Sutter. Post and
Stelner btreets In sizes to suit. •'. !%^
Building lota, northeast corner Golden ' Gate
ave. and Baker Et., in sizes to cult.
Prlcos from $2C0O upward. '¦:.;• -.. ; -
'MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
.Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
111 Montgomery Street.
34,000— Stor« and flat en Steiner St., near Du-
boce Park; mortgage, of $3000 can re-
main.- ¦ ¦' ¦
FLATS FOR SALE.
$3.800 — Two pretty new flats . In . the Mission
wain belt; r«nt $-'14.
$10,500 — Best ' Investment In Western Addition;
3 beautiful. and well built new flats near
Golden Gate Park; one block from
Httlght-st cars: rent $102 00.
$18,000 — Stnre and two swell new flats; renting
for $125 a month,. and a vacant lot, 25x
x":<J. cu Masonic ave., near Haight st.
$7,250 — Rents $750 a year; substantial, well
built flats* on Urove St., near Baker.
$0,500 — A down town corner. investment pay-
ing $80 a month; large lot.
BUILDING LOTS.
$C,G0O— The best and cheapest lots In the Park
district; north side of Page, near Colo
St.: 50x137 :<J. •
$1,100— A bargain in a cheap building lot. 27:6
xllO: on Filbert St.. near. Kearny; oppu-
• site )>ark. • ~
$2,500 each— Two flne lota In the Park Fan-
handtK district. 'C8HM& ' ¦ -
$2.375— McAllister St.. near Baker: 23x100.
$3,000— Fell st.. v near Devisadero; 25x137:6; a
; bargain. ' ' . ,
$4,000 — Cheapest lot on* Flllmore Bt., near
Hayes; 23x100. «s - . .
$9, COO— Fine corner: opposite new. postofficc;
, lot adjoining gold for $18,000.
A— KREDO & CO...'.... -.765 Market at.
-.- • Big List At Our Offlce. ¦ » .-•
$4«O0 — Fine Stelner-st.". home: modem.
¦ $420O—3 flats. 3 lots;, near Cortland ave. '¦'
,$6000 — Fine corner store and flat; bargain.
, $4500— Hotel property.. mining, town.
$2000~Bernal Heights; large lot. : 2 houses.
' Full particulars at our office. 1 765 Market st.
$3'J5O— CHEAP; 314 * Fair Oaks, near 24th.
. Cottapre C r. and ¦, bath:, lot 30x125.' T. . Ms-
CRAITH. Hal', of Records. - . ¦
LOT ' on ' Third : st.'; . 2 ' ; amall 1 buildings; . $15,000.
r MOSSMAN, S50 Market st. : ,.: .
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
; *L4MKPA^BAt ESTATE.
B^mFiuT^M^^ SALE IN AlT-
ttXCEPTIONAL COOP VALUES OFFERED.
LOOK, OVER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
9 1000 buys elegant 30x150 lot.
$1500 buys best 80x150 lot ever offered.
$J850 buys sood 6-room cottage; lot 40xlSt.
$-400 buys fine 6-room 2-story hous«; lot 33x
ICO.
$2500 buys l*rg» 6-room cottage; lot 50xl»:
snap. ______
$2650 buys splendid 5-room cotUg«; finished
basement; snap.^
e-jvm *»«¦»« to close an estate, a beautiful 8-
* S0O °r£m * houseriot 35x125; cost $4500; a
bargain.
$3500 buys 7-roora colonial home; largs tot;
must be sold. '
$4250 buys a great bargain; Grand st.; 8
rooms and bath: large lot.
$4500 buys new modern *?™!Ji/^ata.
electricity: very convenient, near trains
¦and schools.
HERE IS A BARGAIK.
Who wants a choice piece of o»P«Jf; •»*«•
ated in the very best part of Alaraeda? Lot
?40il48: elegant horn, of 10 »««":3««_*-
an Ideal «» ld « nc^ N ?^ '^x"-
Home» Built. Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
j :. r^ 1500 Park St.. Alamsda.
HAMMOND 4 HAMMOND.
$2000— Modern &-room cottage; near Park st.
$2400— Two fine cottages; renting *°*.*~* %*
mo.: in flne -condition: always rented; flns-
Investment.
$4000—2 modern 5-room cottages; renttar for
$36 per mo.; nicely located; grand lnv»st-
ment: mortgage of $3350 at 8 per cent csm
remain.
$3300— Fine 7-room cottage In fln» condition:
artesian well, mill and tank; lot 100x152:
lawn, stone coping, etc.: In a na« nelga-
borhood; mortgage of $2600 can remain.
$10 000^ — Central ave. : flne 12-room modern resU
denee; near Union St.; lot 84x150; bar-
. cain. :-'-\ a •'¦'<¦ ¦}
Balldln* Lots a Specialty- .J
Leading and Reliable Agents. $
HAMMOND * HAMMOND. »
1422 Park St.. Alameda.
DKLANOY & RANDLETT.
Have You Seen Our New Bungalow?
Something Unique and Elegant. Nothing
Like It on This Side of the Bay.
Only a few lots left In our bay side- tract.
en which we will build you any style of a
house you may desire: easy terms.
$6500— Fine lO-room modern nous*: north s1d»
of Central avenue, near Willow; lot 50x
207; house could not be built for tne price
asked for the entire property.
DELAN'OY tc. RANDLETT.
1336 Park st.. Alameda,
AV OPPORTUNITY THAT YOU NEVER
HAD BEFORE AND WILL NEVER HAVE
AGAIN.
We have just acquired a ehoic# tr*ct «»*
land, which we have cut up tnto lots -JOxlSo.
street work all complete, sewered and side-
walked* 2 blocks from station: near electric
cars; >i block from school and In as desir-
able a location as can be found in Alameda.
We are sailing these lots for the next SO
dar9t ° r $200 AND $300.
Terms $10 cash and balance $10 per month.
.WILLIAM DUFOUR ft CO.,
2326 Santa Clara ave., nr. Park Bt.. Alameda.
S200O— MODERN new 6-room cottars; lot 40x
150; block and a half from station.
$3750 — Elegant 8-room cot tape; oak floors:
open plumbing; 2 porcelain baths: lot .5x
110; sunny side of street: 2Vi blocks from
station;' or anything else you may want.
W. K. CONG Ell * CO..
1501 Park St.. AJameda.
$2650— NEW house of 6 rooms; Just finished.
Fair Oaks st., E. of Caroline, Enelnal
Park Station.
J. H. YOUNG. OWNER * BUILDER.
3243 Park st., Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
If; pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA HOfSEKEEPlXG ROOMS.
$T2^SUITE of rooms; board IT desired. Eox
402O. Call of flee.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN & ELLIS— SPECIALS.
$1100 — 3 rooms; nearly new; modern plumb-
Ing- 3 blocks from cars; terms.
$1550 — 6 rooms: modem: nearly new; lot 40x
135; 2 blocks from ferry lin».
$2300 — 5 rooms; near U. C. and station.
$2750 — 6 rooms: new; up to date cottage; sight-
ly- near 17. C. and station.
$2S50— 7 rooms; new; two-story; lot 40x135;
close to U C. and station.
$3500—6 rooms; new; a dandy; dee location;
near Telegraph.
$1700—6 rooms; new; modern; stylish; con-
venient to station: couth and west front-
age. «
$35X0 — S rooms', new; substantial; sightly situ-
ation; convenient to IT. C.
$33CO — 10 rooms; 2 Mats: nice condition; mod-
ern: lot 50x135; finished street; near
Dwlght way and Telegraph; bargain.
$4500—8 rooms; well arranged: all modern
conveniences; very nice condition; elegant
location; near university.
Lots tn all parts of Berkeley at prices froxa
$250 to $5000.
We have bouses In all parts of the town
2129 Center st.. Berkeley.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.
BERKELEY BARGAINS.
$75«T — c-rootn house; well water; lot 40x135.
9O3O — 5-room house; well water; lot 40xl3O.
$1400— 5-room house; city water: lot lOOxiOO.
$1600 — t-room house: city water: lot 50x155.
. $1800 — 5-room house; city water; lot 40x133.
$2204) — 7-room 'house; city water; lot 40x132.
I $2S00 — 7-room house; brand new; ererythin*
up to date; within 5 minutes of Berke-
ley station.
$3200—5 rooms, bath and laundry; 2 toilets;
fruit. trees and berry- bushes; lot 60x153;
" minutes from North Berkeley station.
$3900 — New 7 rooms, bath and laundry; every-
thing up to date; lot 41x127; 5 minutes
from Berkeley station.
$3204) — Brand new house. 11 rooms, bath; 2
toilets and laundry: a beautiful home for
seme one: lot 42x126; finely located; ft
minutes from/ Berkeley station.
TERMS CAN BE HAD ON* ALL THE ABOVE.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO..
% 214D Center st.. Berkeley.
City Agent. L. J. ANDERSON. 408 Mont-
gomery st. . _____ — .
! $2000—6 ROOMS and bath: lot 60x120; street
work done: modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$300— Lots half block from Grove-st. car line.
SoZCO — New 8-room and bath; HUlegasa Tract:
lot 52:6xl5»: this it a beautiful home and
in best residence district of Berkeley.
$2C50— 7 rooms and bath, en Channir.g way;
street work done; 3 blocks from station.
$3000— 7-room house, barn; largo* lot; on str««t
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
$1650 — •'.-"room house, near College ave.; lot 40x
120.
$1000— Lot 45x125. east side of Fulton street;
street work done.
$1600—5 rooms and bath; 33x135; Parker hU
$1600— 4-rocra cottage; lot 50x135.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. o _glgcK.JBeTkeler.
$5500— 3 ROOMS and bath; fine location; on*
block to university buildings and car
line; street work all done.
$1S5O— 6 rooms and bath; good location; near
.car line and station; street work done;
on terms to suit.
_,, LITTLE' & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOUR blocks or ground in Berkeley CaL. for
$20,000: this Is the amount of IndebtedneKd
on the property: a good Investment and In. a
Hectlcn of growing values. Inquire of W. N.
RUSt!3,L. 501 California st.. San Francisco,
Cat. ...
11 «oo— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room hoejee;
high basement; nico lot: clone to earn; $100
cash, balance $15 per month.. W. C. MO-
RAN, Lorln station. C. C. EM3LIE. Ashfev.
**^^ >^? j TJtTE~^ITY~gOR 8 ALg.
EHAINWALD, BUCKBEE 'ft'CO.'.
•-w,;^ 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$o3.0C0^ — Van . Ness ave.- corner, pays 10 per
cent; new building, leased; full partic-
ulars at offlce; one of tho best lnvest-
.„„ ments on the market. '
$30,000— Market st,- corner. 3 frontages; grand
site for apartment-house or flats: lot
131x100 and 153 feet; only a few blocks
— ,^ from the C1{ y HaU -
$8,800— Pine, near Buchanan; fine residence
of -10 ¦ rooms and bath: every modern
convenience; lot 25x137:6
$20.000— California st. corner; this side of Polk
st.; Improved with store and flats;
rents $122; lot 35x70 feat.
$11,000— Clay st., near Buchanan: beautiful 12-
roomed residence; all modern lmprove-
% ments;.lot 25x100 ft. A bargain.
$27,500— Polk st., near Bush; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 00; rents
can be raised: lot 30 ft. front.
$60,000— Turk st.. Inside of Hyde; 100 ft. front-
age; 11,250 square feet; grand lot to im-
prove. . ¦
$50,COO — Turk ft., 'near Jonea; present rent
$120: lot 50x87:6 ft.; should have. new
building.
$28,000— Large* Tenth-st. corner, close to Mar-
ket; lot 75x110 ft.; rents'$167; will pay
6 per cent net.
$15,000 — Modern 2-story and basement house,
north side Jackson st ; marine view;
hardwood floors, natural wood finish, five
bedrooms. . electric lighting; lot 30x
127:8»4 feet.
$13,5C0— Reduced from $15,500: 6 modern flats;
rents $131 per-month: lot 50x122:6 feet;
flne location; great bargain.
$1,000— Ninth ave./ near California st.; 'fin*
building lot. 25x120 feet.
$300 each— Fine building lots. Army St., near
Castro. 25x115 feet each.
$16,500— NW. cor. Clay and Spruce sts.; grand
marine view residence, colonial styla,
large square hall, living-room, reception-
room, dining-room, kitchen, servants'
room; all rooms finished tn hard wood;
5 bedrooms on second floor; large room,
In attic: basement contains laundry,
storeroom, wtneroom, furnace, etc.; lot
. 37:6x100 feet; permit to Inspect pro-
curable, at offlce.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natotna sts.;
frame Improvements, renting for $96 per
month. . .
Lake st. — Various lota from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third avss. at very low figures.
Full information at offlce.
$1,750 each — Broderick st., ¦ near Post; flne
• building 'ots. 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build or*! only 3 lots left.
$3,100 — Sutter «'., near Devisadero; substan-
tial residence: stable; large lot; 69:3^x
114 ft.; or will sell 34:3x114 ft. for $6500.
$15,000— Bush bt.. Inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
• stantlal residence of 15 rooms and bath;
now renting for $05 monthly; lot 27:6x
137:6 ft.; mortgage of $8500 at « per
cent can remain; property must be sold
within 90 days.
$7,000— Reduced from $8500; Bartlett st..
near 25th^ substantial house of 10
rooms and bath; lot 40x117:0 ft ¦ •
$3,000 — Vallejo st.. near Scott; flne building
lot. 27:6x137:6 ft.
S20.0OO— Broadway, near Gough St.; handsome
residence. 5 bedrooms, bath; beautiful
marine vl»w: house in perfect order; lot
32:ttxl37:<i ft.
Get a copy of our" printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
«Real Estate Agents,
_ 218-220 Montgomery st.
C. M WCOSTER CO.
C. M. WOO6TER CO.
C.< M. WOOhTKR CO..
648 MARKET ST. ..' •
$30,000 — Three large handsome three-story
bay- windowed residences; one two-
story and basement residence, thre<» two-
Ktory houses and six flats, in good con-
dition; all rented to an excellent class
of tenants for $3120; on Clay st.. cast of
Polk; lot 05:6x137:»;.
$20,000 — 30x137:6; north Post st.. near Jones:
present improvements large residence 16
rooms; an elegant hotel or apartment-
house 8lt<* v
$17,000 — Rents $1500; three new modern flats.
6-6-7 rooms and bath- and a house on
rear street; Haitrht st.. near Buchanan;
lot 25x120; two frontages.
$16.500— Corner on Third st.. 39:7Vix"6:3.
$15,000 — Large three-etory building containing
two stores and 4 flats in good' condi-
tion, on a northeast corner of Leaven-
worth st. ; rents $1620.
$14,000 — Handsome, well-built residence ten
rooms, bath. etc. : on the north side of
Broadway, near Webster st. ; superb,
unobstructed marine view; large lot,
32:9x137:0.
$155.000— A great bargain; three modern, well-
built flats of eight rooms and bath each;
rented very, low for $1200; on Sacramen-
to St.. near Franklin; large lot, 35x
137:6
i $12,000— 50xR5:6: Sixth St.. near Harrison; old
; Improvements: r«r.ts $<>0O. •
$10,000 — Thr«>e-Htory bay-windowed buildings,
containing store. N tlve Jiving rooms; two
flats, six rooms and bath, and rear cot-
tage, eight rooms; renting very low for
$1110; well built and brick foundation*,
etc.; north side of Folsom st., near
.. Eighth; -lot 25xfK>.
A SNAP.
$3,00C — 7 flats in good condition; rents $12O0;
on a Stockton-et. corner; close to Cali-
fornia. 1
$7,750 — Reduced from $9000 to force pale;
store and three living rooms: two flats
of « rooms and bath*, laundries, etc.:
brick foundation: modern plumbing; 7
' years old; let 23x75; near .Sixth and
Howard sts.: rents $D0O-
$5,250 — Two modern flats, five rooms each:
lance basement, suitable for a third
flat: rents $570; Bush St.; lot 25xS5:<H«. ;
$5,250 — Clay St.. near Broderlck: handsonv* 1
residermp 8 rooms, porcelain bath, high
basement; laundry; 'large lot, 27:tix ;
1.27:S>i. !
$4,750— Two-story residence, 0 rooms and
bath; high basement: on Pine st.. near
Devisadero; could bo converted Into 3
fiats.
$4,250 — Devisadero Ft., near Kddy; house. 8
rooms an'i bath and a large basement;
', lot 23xS7:ti.
$3,500— Handsome modern cottage. 7 rooms,
porcelain bath; high basement, etc. ; on
Twenty-flrst St.. near Bryant: lot 25xS,V
$3,2C0 — Two flats near Seventh st. : rents $180;
In good condition; lot 25xSO.
$2,700 — Reduced to forc«» salet lot 30x110; on
Waller st., near Devisadero; grand site
for flats. ,
$1,300— Handsome cottage, three rooms, on
T«v«-nty-seventh st.. near Sanchez: lot
W.xiH.
W<» advertise an entirely different list of
properties in the other morning papers.
, - CM. WOOSTER CO..
¦ „ «48 MARKET ST.
__ ¦ 1
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
$10,000 — Rents fSO per month;- 3-story build-
ing on Folsjm. near Ctb st.; 2 stores
and lodging-house; lot 30.x SO; a bar-
gain.
$24.000 — Post St.. near Hyde; 50 feet frontage;
rents $125.
$60,000— Corner on Oth St.: 73x125; rents $.560
per .month. !
$10,500— Corner on Third st. ; 40x75; old im-
provements; rents nominal.
$20,000 — Corner on Larkin et. ; 35x70; rents
$125/
$5,000 — Residence of S rooms and bath on
17th St.. near Howard: 80x125.
$8,000 — Rents $720 per'a-nnum; 3 houses of 7
rooms and bath each; on Mason St..
near Lombard; 45:6x70.
$16,000 — Elegant residence of 11 rooms, etc., on
north side of Clay st.. near Broderlck;
lot 50x127:6; particulars, and photo-
' graphs at office.
$75,000 — Rent $(>0CO per annum: n»w up-to-
Outc 5-story and basement brick apart-
ment house, containing 83 large rooms
and 25 bathrooms; under secured lease
for 10 yeara to one tenant, who makes
all repairs and pays water; near
Geary and Hyde sts.; large lot.
$25,000— 50-varsi lot on "Russian Hill; without
v x exception the grandest view, in the
city. '
$13,000— Rents $12C0 per annum ;, new flats on
Buchanan, st. ' • ¦ </«
$14.000— Rents $1470 per annum; . now flats;
near the park.
$18,500 — Kents $1SGO per annum: 3 swell new
flats of 7 rooms and bath; on Clay-
ton St.. near the park; lbt 33x100.
$11,000— Business property on First St., close to
Howard; rent $ti3; 'lot 23:6x137:6.
BAKERS BEACH LOTS.
GRAND MARINE VIEW.
$700 to $850— Block bounded by Lake. West
< "lay sts.. 25th and 26th aves. ; see
these lots to-day: note the sheltered
location, maenlticent view, and re-
markably low prices at which these
eplcndld home sites are being offered.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. -
22 Montgomery st.
" HAWKS & SKELTON, ~~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Pror>erty. .
$16,500 — Corner Harrison, bet.- Cth and 6th:
large lot;, rents $1050 per . annum; pays
• near 0 per cent net. • .
$8500 — Fine houso of 10 rooms and large base-
ment; 'Urove. near Flllmore; north side;
good neiKhborhood. •
$8000 only ¦ for 10 lots on - Twelfth ave. and B
Ht.. bet. Point . l>obos ave. and Park:
Twelfth ave. graded ; must bo aold as a
whole; a. good Investment.
$S6G0 — Lot on.SE. cor. Filbert and Pierce sts.,
3CxS2:6; neighborhood Improving fast.
$0500 — Lot " on ¦ Jackson st., , near Walnut. 50x
100; will! divide;, near 'Presidio; growing
neighborhood. .
$3200 — Lot on : Franklin st.. near . Greenwich,
53x100; very cheap; make offer; street sew-
ered. ' ...'.¦ ¦ .... .-¦- ' .'• ¦
$5000 — Lot on SW. cor. Larkin and Lombard
stH.; 25x105; magnificent marlno view. from
every window. ¦ ,< . ' . .
$5000 — Lot on SE. cor. Larkin and Greenwich
'Bts.; 50xti2:«; -'?—-* view of city. Gold-
en Gate and bay. ',¦
HAWKS & SKELTON. S2S Montgomery st.
$1000 — BARGAIN: cottage. 6 rooms; modern
¦v improvements; 500 feet- from -Mission cars;
¦ off Cortland -ave. ;; sec owner. .333 Chapul-
tepec ft.\. ; . . I"I--»',. '..V ¦ .
BARGAIX—Two-flat' house, bayement; room
.•for-; horse and. buspy.* "0087 220 St., near
Folsoni; 54000; call. before 12 m.
i\~'F]:< ¦ '¦' ¦ '' '* " '
REAL ESTATE— <?iTT-~irp» «AIJ.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 POST ST.
$1C5,000— Neaf Taylor and Geary sts.; 14,000
square feet; 140 feet frontage; one of
the best sites in the city to Improve.
$80,000— Large corner, near Market and Sec-
ond sts.; suitable for new building.
$50,000— Corner east of Powell St.; new Im-
provements; rents $350.
$45.000— New apartment house; rents $580 per
$27,500— Large lot. 60x120; vicinity of Van
Ness ave. and Sutter St.; grand loca-
tion for an apartment house. •,
$26,000 — Polk st., close to a prominent trans-
fer point; store and flats; new build-
ing; rents $175.
$21,000 — Business corner; inside of Flllmore
et. ; handsome Improvements; stores and
*- - r flats; rents $1«7 50.
$20,000 — Corner on Battery St., near water
front; 50x132:6.
$18,000— Sacrament, near Polk; 55x118; rents
$120.
$15,000— Ellis St.. X. E. corner; 87:6x87:6.
J12,000— Choice Turk-st. store corner; 57:6x
87:6. and 17-room house.
$10,000 — Sixth st., near Folsom; 2 stores and
flat; rents $50.
$9,750— Fine location; 1*? blocks north of
Market st ; rents $75.
$8,150— Bush, near Polk; 2 houses, 8 and 5
rooms; rents $55.
$7,250— N. W. cor. Fell and Flllmore sts.:
slae 31 :3xlCO: grand corner, with fln«
view of the city. '
$6,500 — 30x110; Pine st.. near Devisadero; fln«
house. 11 rooms and bath; rents $52.
$6,000 — Cheap on account owners" departure;
< 9-room residence, Scott St.; lot 27x100.
$3,000— New cottage; Webster, near Union.
$3,650— Stelner st. near Ellis; 25x137:6.
FLATS.
$20,000* — Fine Pacific ave. Cats; rents $175;
.- extra large lot and elegant new build-.
s ing.
$20,000— Six flats; 60 foot lot; east of Gough;
rents $165.
$16,500 — 3 flne new corner flats; rents $130;
near Stelner and California;
$15,000 — Three new handsome flats, McAllister
St.. near Steiner; rents $127 50.
$13,000—6 flata, near Park; rents $137 60 per
month.
$10,750 — 3 flne flats: Washington St.. tnsid» of
Hyde; each S rooms and bath; large
key lot. 2K feet front; rents $05.
$13.000 — Three splendid new flats, near Stelcer
St.: rents $112.
$10,500— Two elegant flats; Geary) st.. near
Gough: rent3 $80. • "
$7.200— Rents $*>5; Harrison St., near Fourth.
$7,000^ — Two flats; Sacramento St., near Fill-
more: rents $52 50.
$6,000 — » flne flats on Fjerce st, near Green;
rents $56.
. $3,000/ — San Jose av*., near Twenty- fourth
st.: 4 flats; rents $47.
$4,750 — Two nice bay-window 'flats on Twen-
ty-second fit., near Castro; rents $40.
$2,100 — Perry st., near Third; cottage and
lot, 20xS0. •*
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st.
THE BUILDIN'O CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY.' 511-512 Callachan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $S per month- pays principal aad
Interest en each $1000 of balance due. ,; • -
WHOLE block of hou-es Just started near the
Park on Carl, Cole.Shrader ft Parnassus ave.:
plans, terms, prices to suit: apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE A CO.. 137 Cart at.
NEW houses and flats on Second are. and C
st. for sale on easy payments; on* block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: opan.
FOR eale — House 8 rms.; high basement: sunny
side 10th. bet. Valencia ft Mission: no reaa.
offer refused. Stephens fe Co.. 221 Powell.
$1700— For quick sale: new shingle cottage;
cor.. 26:8x90. California, nr. 17th ave.
EXQUISITE home; 7 r. & b.; near cars; $4500,
furnished $6(00. MOSSMAN. S50 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best~ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada one year -for $1,
posta«» paid. .
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
KEEP Your Eyes on Palo Alto. Town of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University. Santa Clara
County. Cal.
Palo Alto— $C000— New eight-room house, cen-
/ trally located: . one of the
/ finest streets in town: size of
lot 75x150; this house is mod-
ern in every particular and
would be cheap at $7000.
Palo Alto — $50C0— Two-story new house of
nine rooms; corner Channlng
ave. and Mtddlefleld road;
small house in the rear; size
of lot, 50x150; splendid loca-
tion; this property will In-
crease in value; all rooms
are large; a good neighbor-
hood.
Palo Alto— $0000 — Al Investment; four cot-
tages, modern, up to date, of
four rooms each ; rented $70
a month; splendid chance for
¦ome one . to put In this
amount of money with first- j
class returns. These , cot-
tages must be seen to be ap-
: predated.
Palo-Alto — 53750^ — Nine-room house; five min- '¦
I utcs' walk from station; lo-
* cation good; splendid renter;
house three years old.
Palo Alto— $3500 — Two-story house of ten
rooms and bath, within SVi
Mocks cf the station; two
nice oak trees on the prem-
ises: this bouse can easily
be rented at $-15 per month;
good Investment.
For particulars write J J. MORRIS. Palo
; Alto. Cal. '
SANTA CRUZ RANCH.
Seven miles of Santa Cruz; seven of Glen- '
wood, on narrow gauge railroad from San •
Jose to Santa Cruz. One hundred and sixty
acres; about one-third In grapes (on wire
trellis); French prunes, apricots.- peaches:
choice varieties; market In 11 States and
Territories for all fruit: place thoroughly
equipped and stocked; highUt. cultivated: no
liner soil, water and climate in California;
nor is there. 1 don't think, such a home
ranch anywhere for the price. "Summer re-
sort" also for nice people. Dwelling, cot-
tages, tents, barns, etc.. etc.. in perfect or-
der. Words cannot do Justice; should be
seen- cost $30,000; price now $12.0iTO. Apply
to JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 420
Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR rent — Will rent cheap for cash a. flne
Kraln ranch of 320 acres, near Acampo, can
Joaquln Co.; flne Improvements. |
For rent — •» of crop: 1000 to 2000 acr« of
grain land in Sacramento Co. *
For rent — Cheap for cash; dairy ranch of
]40 acrea; half bottom land well Improved;
San Joaquin Co.
For sale cheap — Fine summer resort in
Santa Crux.
" For sale — fSOO; $20O down; 20 acres cholce-
frult. table and wine grape land in Sacra-
mento Co.; in good neighborhood and close to
school. '
Address box 15. Gait. Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL country home in Elmhurst; S-
room house; elegant Interior finish, barn and
carriage-house. cMcken and numerous- other
outhouses; concrete driveways; beautiful
flower Karden; 2 acrss in orchard: one of th*>
prettiest homes in Alameda County: It is
going to go for half of its real value: price
$4000; small payment down. baUnre on easy
payments. MITCHENER &. BARTON. 1010
\ Broadway, Oakland.
$1600— GREAT bargain in a small ranch at
Napar short distance from center of town:
house, barn, outbuildings, fruit trees; must
be wild at once: can arrange easy terms.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
A — KREDO & CO.. 7«S Market st.
See u» before you buy. —
$300f> — Hotel property. Sacramento Valley.
$4500— Hotel property: mining town; rents
$50 month; ex for city property. KREDO.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches. 'orchards*
vlnevards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata- i
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S ;
Market st. -.
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
low price.: ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st.
SUBURBAN HEAL ESTATE.
CROKER ti CO.. 137 Montgomery st.
Marin Co. — 2000 acres farming and graxln?
land: 16 miles from San Francisco; small
family orchard in full bearing; living spring
that will run and fill a 3-lnch pipe In the
dryest season: 100 of this is flne alluvial soil
and will grow anything; balance good graz-
ing land: owing to the abundance of good
feed, water and shelter, this Is one of U»
finest ranges on the coast; the buildings ton-
sift of a good house, dairy-house,' two Urge
barna; the ranch is covered with oak, mad-
rone and laurel tiees". so that there Is plenty
of shelter: It Is under lease to a dairyman
who ships his milk ¦ to San Francisco; the
rents pay a jrood rate of Interest on thn In-
vestment; will be sold for $25 an acr-j to
flo*e an estate. '
MAPS and Information of San Rafael. Ross
Mill valleys and Marin County of CRO-
KER. & CO.. real estate agents. 137 Mont-
gotnery st.
SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO.
R URLINGAMK
Best suburban homes near San Francisco-
no ferry: electric railroad now running: lots
and residences for sale. We ran sell good lots
as ldw as $500 each. We' will ba glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $2OO per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS
10S Montgomery *t.. San Francisco. Resident
Agent.- S. «. GOODHUE., Western Union TeU
egraph- building. San Mateo. *'
,. REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE!
EXCHANGING real estate a specialty frre
. printed list. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau
850 Market st.
HOUSE and large lot in Oakland to exchange
for ranch.' P. O. box 102,
REAL ESTATK— CITY — FOB SALB.
$4«,000— Van Ness ave.: 2 two-story dwellings
renting for. $135" x>er month: 13 rooms
and bath In each; large sunny lot, tiux
" lU»:0a*. to rear street.
$10000 Sixth-et. business holding; nominal
Improvements, producing an annual in-
come of $1122; extra lance lot; over 75
feet front.
$35,000— Large business corner on Hayes et.,
covered with substantial Improve-
ments, producing an annual Income of
$21«0; "3 frontages; this Is a fine buy
with a good future.
12C, 000 Polk-st. businepa holding: stores and
flats; finely located and 4n perfect order;
renting for $2100 per annum; large lot,
40 feet front.
$19.000— Business corner on Fourth St.: three-
story building; Btorw and 24 rooms above;
In perfect order: annual income $836;
sure to enhance In value.
$17,500 — Large holding on Sacramento St., east
of Polk; impro\-«ments consist of three-
houses of 9 rooms and bath each: pro-
ducing an. annual Income of $1440 per
annum: large deep lot, 55 feet front.
$15,000— Powell-st. Investment: good, substan-
tial Improvements, consisting of 3 stores
and lodging-house In perfect order and
steadily renting for $127 50 per month;
lot 00 feet front; a splendid bargain.
$14,000— Hayes-st. business property; store and
3 flats: steadily rented and In flrst -class
condition; large lot with 2 frontages;
chance to obtain bargain on tho best
block on l»ay«s st.
$10.500— Golden Gate ave.: 2 2-story bay-wla-
dow houses of 8 rooms, bath and base-
ment each; steadily rented for $S0 per
month: large sunny lot.
$7,J0O— Close to Folsom and Ninth sts.; 4 mod-
ern fiats; nearly new; 5 and 4 rooms and
bath «>ach: steadily rented for $76 per
month; eunny Jot, over 36 feet front;
this is a bars-ain.
$6,6C">— Close to Flllmore and HaJght BtS,': 2
good nat?. 5 and 0 rooms each In good
ord*r; rents $42 50 per month; full-sitod
Kunny lot; elope to transfer corner.
$3,750— Close to 14th and Mission sts.; 4 new
flats In perfect order and stead 1 1}' rented
for $55 a month; bay-windows and brick
foundation; tunny lot; 25 feet front.
$17(30— farramento «.. north line; sunny, level
building lot. 50 feet front; elegant loca-
tion to improve with flats or apartment
house. '
54,500 — Close to Pa*e and Buchanan sts.; .»
good, modern flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; In good order and steadily rented
for $12 per month; a fine buy, cloae to
town.
For full particulars of the above and for the
"}>al Estate Record," containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agent? and Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery Ft.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MOVTGOMF.RY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
THESE EXAMINATIONS. MADE BT THE
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY, in its own Interest to pro-
tect It apalnst the rlfke of bad titles, supple-
mented by It* large guarantee fund, offer to
holders of Its policies of title insurance abso-
lute protection. They have the assurance which
the Improved method of examination give*, and
complete indemnity in the event of a defective
title or outstanding claim.
A SOUND TITLE INSURANCE system is
a!l that Ik needed to make land as easy to
sell or borrow money upon, as stocks or bonds.
THK ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trunt company business transacted un-
der State' charter; oil matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pr**. Bank of California.
ROBERT - BRUCE.
*¦ ¦"* Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVI?.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manarer Anglo-Californian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
' CHARLES PAGE.
I Page. McCutchcn & Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mer. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
! in all sections of the city.
SPLENDID PROSPECTIVE CORNER.
?25,000 — Corner nrir Market and Cough sts.:
SO ffet front: pays bank interest now;
would pay handsomely jr Improved.
$11,000— Ront S100; 3 flne fiats on Shrader st..
in Park Panhandle district: lot larger
than :t"\l«i.".; flats contain 6 and 7 rooms
and hath; nearly new; a splendid buy.
$6,900 — Clayton ft.. ii»ar Halght ; 2 modem
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; nearly
new; rent $52 50; lar?e lot. •
$22,500 — Good business cornenr on 16th st. :
stores and flats; total rents ?i76; lot has
over 6&00 square feet; transfer point;
' bound to Increase In value.
$6,000 — Kents $47 50; 2 brand new fiats on
Clement ft.: ocntaln -J and 5 roomn and
bath: lot 26x100; rirht on car line; an
excellent investment.
$13,000— Rents $104: Foleom et., near 7th; lot
26xltt5 t-j rear street; improvements
conslFt of 2 buildings; store and flats.
$S,000— Rent $74 50; new 3-ttory building; .;
fire eunnv lato.of 5 room* and bath
each, on Kith »:., near Dolores; this is a
big «naD; be quick.
$3,000— 22d tt.. n*ar Nw; lot 25x114, with bay-
window cottare of 5 rooms, bath, etc. ;
is a fine bome chear>.
LYON * HOAG, 116 Montgomery »t.
CHARMING Mill Valley I. growing very fa*t;
new houses are tpringir.g Up on all eldes;
land value* are increasing rapidly; Lyon fc
! Hoag bav e placed a new tract on the mar-
Iket rirht at t!ia station and are belling lot*
at from $•* to *12 it front foot on terms of
1" l>er cent cash, balanc* $1© monthly; over
! *0 lots have 'been sold recently; ureetis are
jrraded. water mains laid, electric lights, etc.;
grand old trees; don't delay, but ret In on
the ground floor; branch nfflce. Mill Valley;
open Sundays: send for booklet.
LYON & HOAG. 11C Montgomery et.
SPECK & CO..
VC7 Market St., out>. Kearny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND StENT COL-
LECTORS. FULL CHARGE TAKEN
OF PROPERTY.
$100,000 — Kearny and Bush Ets. business prop-
erty: corner. 57:<5x7<:« feet: rents $515
month; old imm-ovements; last strictly
downtown retai! pl«-ce.
$75,000 — e£:!>xl37:«: Fittter and Jones «ts. ;
can be leaded with security foV at least
$2000; per month if improved.
$52,000 — Wry best corner, K7:tt frontage on
T-arkln et.: fine building; stores and
lodging- house. . | .
$20,000— Choice building lot. S0xl2«: vicinity
Larkin and Kill* sts.; rent $75 month.
$18,500— Vicinity Halght and Scott; 6S:0x
137 :«J; fine improvements; . rents $140
month.
$17,000 — Choice busings property, 5 minutes
from Third and - Market; Investigate
thl*; 10 i>er cent. . •
$7,000 — .'{ srood flats in 'Mission, renting for
$C5 mpr.th.
$0.500— Lot .'tOxSrt; near 9th and Minna stK.;
rents $57 : month.
$•5.500— 3 fine, flats, vicinity 18th and Castro;
rents ?5S month; lot 25x125. *
$6,250—2 new i flats on Fell St., overlooking
Golden Gale Park; rents $10; lot 25x
100.
$5,250 — 5th suwi Clementina: flne front anil
rear improvements; leased 2 years at
?C00 year. .
$5,000 — 1 good flats In Mission, always rented
at ?1> month.
$2,650 — New cotlaffe in Mission ; C rooms and
bath; fine Jet.
$1,000 — Lot ll'jxlll; corner cottage; 3 rooms;
in Mission.
SPECK & CO.. 067. Market »t.
DURING this we*k we have arranged to !;ulld
three houses to be paid for on the install-
ment plan; two of the parties, who whc at
the msrey of the. landlord ha<; their rents
raised, and t» rid themiw-lvcs unce an<l for-
ever from this unpleasantness they decided
to get their own hom*s; give us a chant* to
figure with you. readers, also; we own lots
in almost i-very sect'en of the city, and we
know we ,-an please you aa to location and
arrangements; remember, you are dealing
with the owners direct; and you pay no out-
elder's commission; don't fall to call, for we
can save you money.
W'EISSBEIN BROS. & CO..
616 Sacramento tt., near Montgomery.
TEN flat* on Bryant St.; property pays 1 per
cent per month on Investment of 51O,«nrO;
building about one year old; will geli for
5»ooy; elegant residence:' grand marine view
2427 Green t>l.; 10 rooms, bath "and base-
ment; entrances on two ttrt-etp.
Two flats, 1417 and 1419 Pariflc st.; price
$3500: M00 down, balance $3»1 i«r month.
Three flat*.' 2282 15th St.; • between Noe and
Castro: lot 48x115; price $7500.
CONTINENTAL BUILDING & LOAN ASSN
_• 301 California ft., Kan Francisco. Cal.
IDEAL country renidence and 1150 acres; valu-
able deposits red. bldg. stone. ¦¦_.yv < /
Finn country estate In Md.. near Washing-
ton: 112 A.: sufficient water power for dec
light plant.
>4 int. in sash, door and blind mfg. plant;
also Int. in elec. light plant and water works.
Blackptone. Va.: $10,000. ¦
W. M. OSTRANDEK. N. A. bldg.. Phlla.
CHOICE level lot 25x100: wtwered. bitumln-
l*ed etreet. Inquire next door, 822 Hampshire.
BALDEN & HOWELL. £ STREET
$30,000— Kent* $100 per month; Stockton-et.
business prcparty, near Broadway; lot 40
x"0; 4-story building; store and rooms
above. .
$17,500— Rents $137 CO; Leavenworth St., near
Washington; lot 27:6x107:6; splendid
building of H separate flats; unobstructed
marine view, j .- -.
$6.500— Rents $55 per month; lot 50x€0; Stock-
ton St.. near California; 2 buildings.
$3,600 — Rents $44 per month; 4 separate flats;
within one-half block of Third st; per-
manent paying Investment. ' >
$6,500— Rents $70; Rltch st.. near Third; lot
40x75; 2 houses and 4 flats.
i $5,750 — Rents $65; Langton St., near Bryant
and Eighth; lot 50x80; ti flats In perfect
condition. . ...
$4,250— Rents $40; Clara St., near Fourth;
front and rear flats.
$51,000— Rents $320 per month; Mlssion-st
. business and investment corner; 3 front-
ages; investigate this.
$1,700 — Building lot, Ritch st, near Brannan;
lot 25x75. .
$2,100 — Stunner St., near Howard and Seventh:
lot 25x58: cottage of 6 rooms; rent $16.
$16,000— Rents $143; Folsom St., near Sixth; 2
stores, rooms above, and houses on rear
street.
$3,500— Rents $42 60; Harrison St., near Sev-
enth; 3 flats and rear house..
$5,500— Bartlett st., near Twenty-fourth; lot
50x117:0 to rear etreet; residence of 8
rooms and- bath. I
J3.T.10 — Folrom st., near Twenty-second; sp'.en-
dld residence of 9 rooms and hath. '
$1,300— De Haro st., near Twenty-third; lot 25
xlOO; cottage of 4 rooms, hothouse, fruit
trees, etc.; rent $». •
$2,300— Merrltt St.. near Eighteenth and Mar-
ket: splendid cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and barn for five horses; rent $16.
$02,500 — Kents $234 per month; pays over 0 per
cent; 11 flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath
fach; Fourteenth at., near Market.
$5,150' — Hampshire st., southwest corner of
Nineteenth; lotf 28x01; 2 fiats of 5 and 6.
rooms and -bath each; rents $40 per
mfinth.
$3,200— Rents $30; Castro st, near Twenty-
fifth; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
tach. /
$11.000— Noe «t. near Markets lot 25x105; new
building of 3 separate flats; rents $05.
$2,500— Rents ?27; Twenty-sixth st.. near San-
chez: 2 flats in perfect condition.
$23,500 — Valencla-Et. business corner; 35x90 to
rear street; 2 stores and 3 flats. • .
$5f0 cash for a $5000 residence in the warm
belt of the Mission. Balance payable In easy
monthly Installments. Residence recently built;
all modern improvements.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS LOTS.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
OPP. GOLDEN GATE PARK.
FIFTH. 'SIXTH AND SEVENTH AVES. (
• LOTS $15iiO AND LESS-
ON REASONABLE TERMa
These Are Splendid Lots for Home Sites.
Near All the Park Attractions:
Children's 'Playground. Aviary, Buffalo Paddock
And Recreation Grounds.
A Beautiful Garden at Your Front Door.
Streets Sewered ami Bltumlnized.
Gas, Water Mains and Side Sewers In.
Cement Sidewalks, l^jts Ready for Building.
Go Out To-Day and See These Beautiful Lots.
All Park Cars Pass the Property.
Maps and Full Information at Our Office.
Also Agent at Our New Offlce on the Grounds,
Cor. Seventh" ave. -and II st.
Open Every Day, Including Sundays and Holi-
days.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
i 25 'Post st. *; i.y
....". .PACIFIC HEIGHTS
MARINE VIEW .RESIDENCE SITES....
IN LOTS TO SUIT PURCHASERS
On reasonable prices and terms. ......
Fronting Vallejo. Green, Broderlck and Baker
Ets. Street work. done, property ready for the
builder 1
BALDWIN. & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery st.
HAS GREAT FUTURE!
CHEAPEST BUY ON THIRD ST'.!
$135,000 — Cctrner. few feet from Mission st. :
over S0<» square feet and 1S5 feet
, frontage: pays Interest now: plans t\l
' new buildings at our offlce; will rent
for J2300 a inontb. .
CHOICE DOWNTOWN PROPERTT!
! $75,000 — O'Farrell st.. -only IVi blocks from
, Market st.; rent £300 a month.
VAN NESS-AVE. CORNER!
$110,000 — Rent _ $500 a month; large ccrner; ;
only part improved; rent can be in-
creased.
A SNAP!
$4,30iV— Rent ?32: reduced from $5000: Te-
tiama st., near Fourth; backs up to 50
feet fronta«o on Howard st.
FILLMOKE-ST. PROPERTY!
$0,250 — House on Flllmore *t.: 39 feet front- '
age: can be altered into store business
block.
A FINE CORNER! V
$2^000— Rent $174 a month: Golden Gate
ave., not far from Van Ness; large lot;
extra well-built buildings- of '_¦ stores
and 4 flats, all rented, and low rents
$10,000— Rent ?95: raise to $125, Sutter St.:
4 elegant .flats; 50x137:6: north side;
very low. . *
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do You Want to Make Money?
Then Select Lots In Our New Blocks.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices, Easiest
Terms.
$S00 to $1000. Sunset District. All Graded
and Sewered. $10 Monthly.
Sunset Branch Of dee on Ninth ave.. near H
Etreet. Open Sundays and Holidays.
"Oceanside" Lots, '5fcst Being Graded!
Nothing Like It Ever Ottered Here!
Every Lot Has a Superb Ocean and Park
View!
II Street, 40th. 47th and 48th Avenues,
Fronting Park and Ocean Electric Line.
I j - j .
1 Only Graded Boulevard Lots Fronting Ocean!
Don't Miss Seeing Them To-Day!
All Sold on Easy Terms!
Call fcr Diagrams and Prices!
Oceanslde Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenue
and K Street, Open Sundays.
New Level Lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Only $200 Each; $5 Monthly.
Near Mission-street Electric Car Line.
$1200. $2000 to $3000. 4, 5 and C-Room Modern
Cottages in Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
.. ' Homestead. Easy Terms.
SOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
BEST REAL ESTATE BUY -.TO-DAY. S
A POINT RICHMOND LOT.
Best lota In the Santa Fe tract.
?5 per month. '
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
Sole Agents. " ¦
TO lease — Good paying hotel at -Point Rich-
mond. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery.
$4500— TWO new fiats; alt modern Improve-
ment* ; one block from . Mlsslon-st. carhouee;
ran be sold on easy terms if desired: every-
thing Is. in flrst-claRS shape: will- rent' to pay
bis: Interest on ¦ money. . McEWEN BKOS.,
1 18 Montgomery-
$C50-~CHANCB to get a good building . lot
cheap; on Twenty-fourth et.. near Rhode
Island; electric cars; can be bought on
monthly payments. -»McEWEN "' BROS., 118
Montgomery Bt. - *-..,
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
f WiOO — Beautiful modern 0 r. house, o stories,
basement, attic: brick foundation; marlue
view; lot 30:6x120.
$4000— Cottage, 7 r., basement, dttlj; 3rd ave.,
. nr. California st.; lot 25x120.
$3000— Cottage, .7 r. ; Point Lobos ave.
$2750 — Cottag*-. 7 r. ; 7th ave., near A.
$;;0O0 — Business lot. 50x100; Clement .st.
$1250 — W lotB, 25x120 each; 3rd ave. >
StjCii— 1jO». 25x100; .California, nr. Oth ave.
We deal exclusively in" Richmond District
lots, from $275; any terms. J. R. SAUL & CO.
123 Clement tt. .
FOR SALE— BARGAIN.
New artUtlc residence. - •
Se« It and you'Will like It. '
No. 84t> Clayton street.
Masonic avenue cars to , the door.
$1500— PAYMENT on 2 new flats at 3435 Mls-
slon st.: will-pay 20 per cent on Investment:
2 new flats on Army Ht.. near Mission, and
many others tl-.af will' pay big Interest. V.
COFFIN &. CO., 3303 = Mission - st.,
6- ROOM house on Twenty-flrst, nearj Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder. " - ¦¦ ;
BARGAIN — House. '5 rooms and bath; lot 2Cx
111. 37 Twenty-eighth st.
BAIT FRAKCtSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE! of Th» Saa Fraaotsco
Call, corner Market and Third struts: opan
until 12 o'clock every night In th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— MT Montgomery "tree*.
ccrner Clay; <?pen until 8:80 p. m. j
S00 Hayes street: opan nntU 9:30 p. m.
«3» McAllister street: open until 0:30 p. m.
nr, Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. tn.
:»41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 b. ta-
lcs Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 VaJeacla street: opea until • p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kec-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2SO0 nilmora street: open until 8 p. m.
REAL ESTATfc— CITY — rOH »*!¦&
VON BHEIN HEAL ESTATE COMPANY.^
LARGE FULTON-ST. LOT.
$35 000 — Fulton et_. .near Gough: 1*5:9x206:3,
with L 27:6xtJS:0 on Urove st.; this property
is adapted for a manufacturing site or wou.d
b-ing large returns If either an apartment
house or flats were erected; within four blocks
cf the City HalL
GRAND FUTTER-ST. LOT.
$30,000—35x120; Sutter. near Larkin. run-
ning through # to Fern avenue; splendldlj
adapted for either a hotel or aa apartment
house. In the best retail business locality of
the Western Addition.
O'FARRELL-ST. NEW FLATS.
$17.000— O'Farrell. near Lapuna; J flats C
9-9-10 room*; renting for $135.
APARTMENT HOUSE SITE.
$13.500— Fell, near FlUmore; 100xl3« :6; sur-
rounding improvements first class.
BL'CHASAN-ST. FLATP.
$r*50O— 3 new flats of 6-6-7 rooms on Bu-
chanan et.. near Fultcn; renting for $105 per
month.
MINNA-6T. FLATS.
*S50/>— 23x75; Minna, near 6th; 3 fiats of 6-
«-7 rooms; mortgage of $2000 in Hlberaia Bank
tin remain.
HARKISOX-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
JJS..VX) — !S6xlOO ft.: cor. Oak Grove ave. and
Harrison St.. b-t. Fifth and Sixth: improve-
ments consist of store*, flats and cottage?:
renting for $1650 per year; this is one of the
most rapMly Improving localities in the city;
mutt l-e sold at once on account of the depar-
ture ct the owner.
*OLI> BT ORDER OF THE EXDCUTORS.
• y,r. and Fell *ts.. SSxloO; cor. Oak
r>nd F".l!more ets.. SSxlW. and large Oak-rt.
1* 4<.'xlX7:«J ft.. Oak rt.. near Stelner. The
*boT.r property mutt be *o4d at once to close
na estate; n<j reasonable offer will be rejected.
COR. WASHINGTON AND POWELL. ,
«9<X"0 — 32:6x^2; etore*. lod?lnc-house and res- I
l->.nce; renting for $>*» per month; one of the
l-est lnveeuacnts in th<? locality.
\VAPHINGTON-£T. HOME.
$»* if ,0— £5x137 :t>; Woshlngton St.. rear Hyds;
dwelling at * rooms and^batu.
fORXEP. BUCHANAN AND LOMBARD.
$2500— 3UJ.1W; SW. cor. Buchanan and Lom-
bard.
MARINE V1F.W LOT.
M75O— 34:1»1C3; west lln« Pevisadero et..
rr-ar Gr**n; beautiful marine 'view and In a
rapidly growing locality. . j
FILLMORU-t^T. LOTS.
$1100 each— 3 lots. <ach 23>.S7:6. on mimore
ti., near O'Farre:!.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE.
J2500— :i>72; Octavla rt.. near Union; cot-
inge of 6 ro/iro.5: renting for $l»i^
IVEI-SON. JOHNSON & CO.. ¦"¦
205 Montgomery *t., otp. 'Mills bldg.
. DOWNTOWN BUFH-6T. FI.ATS.
$8,5C0— For l«i da>s only; thin great sacriS^e
caused by imme-Jiate need of money, j
5 <axy walkitig distance. Market and j
Kr-arrj : funnr *t'ie street; lull-depth |
lot: very attract I ve; bay -windowed; >vel! j
ijuilt; 5 and « rooms and hath: at small j
fxp»ns* lower floor can be made into a •
third flat. » !»ieh would Increase iacone
lo nearly 12 i*er cent.
pays ovrrn is per cent net.
PAYS DVER 15 PER CENT NET.
PAYS OVEB 15 PER CENT NET.
$l,W0 cash— Kent* $4.V> per annum; present
bank rrcrtrage $2t«X> can remain; 2 at-
tractive, v.e'l-huilt flats. 5 roonie and
l.ath, itnd cottage, 4 rooms; both build-
ings have bri<-lc foundations, cae. hot
and coM »aur. fe-ood r'umblnr. etc.:
jvT-fect coTi<litioa; never idle; near 7th
and Folscra.
IN'tilDF. APARTMLNT-HOUSE LOCATION.
127,500— 55xl2u rt. ; north side etreet. running 1
'.broach- U> rear street;- f*w feet from
lh« ccrner cf Van Ness and E3dy: the ;
cniy ulwt <jf its si*e in this neighbor-
hood for sale.
$3,1X-0-.~ attractl\-e Tats. 3 roome: n»w plumb-
ing: tari toilets, gas. mantels, etc.;
ae«r »th st.
$2,000 — JUtracttra bay-wlp.dow residence of 7
room*; ?A Eureka «.. near I&th; stab>,
w hurfacs; Improvements alorse cost $30C0.
DCBOCE PARK RESIDENCE.
$5,500— No. £7 Noe SC. few feet from Duboce
rVrb; rK-gant niodtrn residence. S
rooms', bat'j and basement; 25x1(2 feet.
NELFON. JOHNSON & CO..
2<i5 Mortjoirery «t.. opp. Mills bide.
ilcAFEE BROTHERS.
IWj MONTGOMERY STREET.
Large Market-st. corner lot, near City Hall,
to lease for a term of years vacant, or cwner
would erect a suitable building.
FINE NEW FLAT?.
Near the park; i cud 5 rooms; eunny; rent
$Cb; price $4500.
FINE INVESTMENT PROPERTT.
Corner lot on Larkin ft.: new, modern buiU-
inr; leased for 5 yoare at $500 monthly; tenant '
pa; s all rc;>air=. water, gat. etc. ; price $C"2,500. j
EAST OF VAN NESS AVE.
<~ottage. 4 room*, between Leavenworth and j
J'-nes *ts.. cST Sacramento; tlze 23:tJx97:6 feet; •
price $20<X>.
AT ENTRANCE TO PARK.
Fronting into and commanding view of the
sw«!lect part of the tiark; the natst bulldlns
lots in to»n; 27:€xllO; $5<X*.
FOR FLATA
Lots en McAllister ct.. near Scott; 27:€x
107 :t; only $3200.
Sl'TRO HEIGHTS.
Beautifully situated, overlooking Golden
Gate Park and the ocean; car line passes: wa-
ter and giis in utreet; lots from 1350 to $550;
Uk»> axe very cheau.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER. ;
Fine building c<jrn^r. S5 feet frontage; sure
to increase in value; rents now for $122 month-
ly; a fine Investment; price 520,000.
CLOSE TO PRESIDIO WALL.
Beautiful lot ou Sixth ave.; 40x120; $2000.
CHEAP CORNER.
Sixth ave.. close to park; tize 25x95; etreet
tverk bitumen on both etreetn and accepted:
*ewer. CJtt. etc.: reduced to $2W"> to make quick
eale. Jl.V.»j mortgage can remain.
Send for likt of cheap lots in all parts of the
city- McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st.
B. CETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights aad Ocean Boulerard Lots'"'
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Your Cholc* !
$10v to $250. gplendld Bargains. ?5 monthly
WTH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS'.!!
fcee Them at Once. Graded, Level to Build on
Hl^h Ground. Ma;n!ncent View
Perfect iiargalns. On Easy Inttallraenu.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!:*
WAKM BELT OF THE MISSION
Nothing to Equal Them in Quality or' Price
One block from Ml«slon-st. cars. Perfectly
Corner Lotf for Badness. Opposite New School
$150 UP: $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGALNS:
$2C0 to $1200.
Choicest of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
fvt* to $5000 New Cottages and Houses In
hun»*t. Richmond and Excelsior* Homestead.
"All My Own Property. Sold on Easy Terms.'
JOSEPH STRAUB. C30 Market St
*3000— 2 flats. 0 rooms, basement; rear house
4 room*; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert sts.*
$25<>t>— 2-story house of 12 rooms; basement
ct 5 room*: ijaye 1S» per cent.
SS500 — Gi-rfid income XTor^rty; nice locality:
3 bay-window flats; basement; eun all day;
f-sys over 11 per cent.
WOo— House and lot near M st. and Tenth
ft\*>.; t-'iuth of park.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
«>e>-\: cary installment or cash; south of park;
marine wtewi
$200 — Choice level lots, ready to build on:
Excelsior Homestead; Mission; installment.
FOP. n!f — As a whole or in subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south line Union ct.. 137 :« feet east
of Pierce; lot nort heart corner Green and
Pltrc* st*.: lC - '.:«?x 137:0 feet Inquire of
'^HARLES C BEM1S. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sansoma et.
HOTEL and lot: 40 rooms: rcsta-jrant. bar and
Mlllard rooms; yarfca*h. MOS6MAN, a5vTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
41
MtlYAii ADVERTISEMENTS
FKOTVALlf REAL EmiE.
; . . J. V. MATTESON.
Fruitvale ave.. near E. 14th et.. Frultvale. Cal.
BUY A BEAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME.
AWAY FKOM TUB CROWDED, UN-
HEALTHY CONDITIONS OF THE CITY,
YKT WITHIN EASY REACH OF YOUR
BUSINESS IN SAN FRAN'CISCO; PURE AIK
AND SUNSHINE. FRUIT AND FLOWERS.
A LARGE YARD FOR THE CHILDREN.
GOOD HEALTH FOR THE ENTIRE FAMI-
LY. A PARADISE ON EARTH IS FRUIT-
VALE:
A FEW OF MY IMPROVED PROPERTIES:
3-room cottage; lot 50x135; high basement;
chicken yards anj houses, pigeon fiy, etc.; near
station; $1COO.
Furnished 4-rocm cottage, close to station
and school; let 38x138; well fenced chicken
yards, • some thoroughbred chlcken6, Belgian
harts, etc.j $liC0.
C-room ccttagj; excellent location; near elec-
tric cars., school and station: lot W)xH0: high
basement: fruit and flowers; barn, windmill
and tank; $3100.
5-room cottage: furnished or unfurnished;
half block irom Frultvale ave.. near station;
lot 35x174: chicken houses and yards, lawn,
fruit, flowers; $r_*UI.
S-rocm house on Fruitvale ave.; lot 00x205;
fruit aiid ornamental trees; flowers and berrits
galore; large barn, lawn, windmill; entire pjace
in j.*rfect or<W; a real bargain to any on«
who wants a good home; $4000.
5-ror»in cottage, one block from station; large
lot. chicken house and yards; gas. electricity,
high basement, porcelain bath. etc. ; $2400.
10-room mansion on Frultvale ave. ; lot -145x
j "W; a perfect home tcr a man of means; $10,-
I IXXt.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME TRYING TO
SAVF. THE PURCHASE PRICE OF A HOME
BEFORE YOU BUY. I CAN BUILD YOU A
HOME TO ORDER. GIVE YOU ANY AMOUNT
j OF GROUND YOU DESIRE IN ONE OF THE
FINEST RESIDENCE LOCATIONS ¦ IN
FRUITVALE. FOR ONLY A SMALL
AMOUNT DOWN AND THE BALANCE ON
INSTALLMENTS. I WILL FURNISH THE
PI-AN AND CARRY OUT DETAILS JUST
THE SAME AS IF YOU PAID ME CASH.
LETS HAVE A CHAT ABOUT THIS.
J. V. MATTESON,
Frultvale ave.. near E. 14th gt.. Frultvale. Cal.
H. BARKMEYER. 1206 Frultvale ave. Fruit.
vaJ «- Telephone, Brook OiS.
i _
$500-i-Hou?e of 2 rooms; lot 50x150; $50 cash,
balance $5 50 per month; 3 blocks from
car line.
$£50— Cottar* of 2 large rooms, nard finished;
lot 100x150; all fenced; two biocks from
car line.
I $1050 — Cottage of 3 rooms, hall, closets, etc..
high tiasement. partly floored; lot 75xl0S;
large barn, good mill and pump; 3 blocks
fnm car line; on macadamized etreet;
fine location.
! $1100— Bay-window cottage of 5 Urge rooms,
: hard finished; corner lot. 50xl«>0; 3 blocks
from car line, cne block from school, 20
minutes' walk to local station : ?200 cash,
balance $12 50 r*r month; bank loan; an
opportunity worth investigating.
I $1S«O— $100 cash, balance $20 per month; newly
renovated cottare of 5 rooms, bath, man-
tel, sliding doors, high basement, corner
. lot. 35x100; 3 blocks from Frultvale sta-
ticn.
< $2200 — New two-story house of 7 rooms and
i bath; all latest Improvements: corner lot;
one block from car line, four bliclcs from
local train.
$2300 — An Ideal home of 5 rooms and bath, all
tinted and nicely frescoed, pop^elaln batli
tubs, mantel, sliding doors and up-to-date
fixtures; Mgh basement, garden and fruit
trees, bearing; two bl-scks from Frultvale
Ftation; flne location; terms $500 ca*h,
balance to suit purchaser.
$3900 — Reduced from $5000: beautiful home on
Fruitvale ave.. consisting of S rooms and
_• bathi conservatory, gas. etc.; all modern
Improvements: two-story barn, excellent
¦well of soft water, large' tank and wind-
mill; corner lot, 51x203: variety of fruit
and shade trees. This elegant home must
be sold and seen to be appreciated. For
particulars apply'to
H. BARKMEVER. 1206 Frultvale ave..
Fruit vale, Cal.: phone Brook U3S.
LEE. THE REAL ESTATE MAN.
- Half Block from Frultvale Station.
j $2000^-Completely and well furnished 4-room
cottage; fine location: - large lot
I $1975 — You'll buy If you see It: only $475 cash,
balance $20 41 monthly; elegant 5 r. and
b. ccttag?; clcse to school and cars, near
station; lots cf berries; chicken yard and
nouses; pigeon cote; fruit trees; brick
foundation ar.d high basement.
' $400— Fully equipped . chicken ranch: chicken
house -a;id yards, pigeon cotes and nests.
..brooder house; fruit trees, full bearing; 2
rctm of ground: 5 r. house: 150 chickens.
. St.0 pigeons.; bone grinder, feed mill, etc.;
rent $15 moi:th;.only one block to atreet;
personal property only I-10Q.
$5 down — Large lots; close in: enly $75 each;
ue&r school and cars: no fogs or cold
winds In the "Rosa Lee" Tract; $5 cash,
balance to huit you. ... v
$155V— 4 r. and b., high basement; rooms extra
larse: cottage clote to cars and school;
full of bearing fruit trees, berries, and
vegetable garden; lot 100x127:6; chicken
jard and boute.
$6500 — 5 acre*: 7-room and bath cottage: 2^4
acres in full bearing fruit trees; stable. 2
windmills and tankr: 2 blocks to street
care; in the heart of Frultvale.
4 large lots. 50x245; $20 cash, balance $5
month; price for all. $300.
$1700— $«500 cash: 5 r. and b. cottage, stable,
fruit trees, flowers, cement walk: street
and sewer, work done; clO8e,to school and
cars; a lovely home at a sacrifice.
$1250— New 4 r. end b. cottage: on the hill;
beautiful view of bay and mountains;
only $200 down, balance $15 monthly.
CHARLES F. LEE. Half Block from Station.
H. W. DAVIS. REAL ESTATE.
For rent, chicken ranch of 3 acres In full
bearing fruit trees; stock, fixtures, house-
hold goods. hor5<\ wagon, etc.. for 6ale;
price $400: rent $10 per month. See II W.
DAVIS. Frultvale ave.. near station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFiSTCE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. . -
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Heal Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway. Cor. Fourteenth st?
STOP AND THINK.
Are you paying rent? Yes? Then stop and
put your rent in one of these little homes
and be Independent.
i -
$1300-^Pretty little 3-room cottage: modern:
fine yard; one block from cars and school;
a rare opportunity. '
$1900 — The prettiest little place for the money
in town; modern 5-room cottage; nice
yard: plenty berries and fruit; close to
cars and school: make offer.
$2350 each — Two new modern homes of 6
• rooms each ; both have frontage on two
streets; can't be beat for the money. .
$2750 Fine new and modern 5-room cottage;
in very desirable locality; bound to In-
crease In value;- close to cars; gas and
electricity: beautiful frescoed ceilings.
{'•SOO — Buys a fine corner in Piedmont, C5x
110 with nice 5-room cottage: fruit, ber-
ries, chicken runs and small stable; you'll
buy this If you »ee It.
$3500 — Only $500 cash on this one; one of the
t prettiest homes In town; has 8 flne
rooms: combination fixtures'; high ter-
raced lot; on sunny side of street.
$4000^-A splendid cottage of 9 large rooms
and high basement: all modern; within
10 minutes' walk of Fourteenth street
and Broadway; close to cars and school;
In excellent condition.
$iDCO- i - Fine . 2-story house. 8 rooms; lot 37x
117: flnert surroundings In the city:
small Etable; everything Is new and up
to date. - • . — -
WOODWATID WATRON & CO..
1172 Eroadway, Corner Fourteenth et.
. • . Oakland. .
A RARE opportunity for manufacturers sit-
uated near 23d ave.; all the building, realty
and machinery; win stll either separately or
as a whole with a good- supply of raw ma-
terial on band: orders enough ahead. to keep
double the numUr of . hands working . the
season, through; this is' a rare .'chance and'
can be had 1 at a snap figure all at once.
JEFFRIES & STEWART. 1167 . 23d av*.
EaBt Oakland. - .
FOR RENT— Ranch. 10 acres; all In fruit;
hout'e of 8 rooms and bath: Fplendld place
to raise chickens. . P .W. ANDERSON. 127
San Pablo ave.. Oakland
OAKLAiSD'ADYERTlSEMENTS.
OAICLAM) HEAL KSTATB.
A. J..SNTDER
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
407 NINTH ST., OAKLAND. CAL.
$1100— Small cottage" In Piedmont hills: best
• pf climate; close to car service; 60-foot
lot.
$15C0— Beautiful* little home In the East Oak-
land hills: close to Twenty-thlrd-ave. car
line; house of five rooms.
$20C0— -A .four-room . cottage within walking
dlrtance.pf the City Hall; house in flne
condition; can be had for "part cash.
$20CO— Lot 100x121. with a fix-room cottage;
only three blocks from Telegraph ave.; a
v good investment for increasing values.
$2000— Lot 50x100/ with a seven-room cottage:
I on Forty-third St.; new ferry line will be
close to this property in a few weeks.
$21CC— A down town cottage of five rooms and
bath; splendid condition; rents for $18 per
month. • -v
$2350— Snap: a new house, six rooms and
. bath; lot 40xlCO; close to Telegraph; rap-
idly improving all around It. . .
$2500 — Cottajte of five rooms and bath '. on
j Franklin st.. n«ar Twentieth.
$2500— Here in a new story and a half house,
nvo rooms and bath and a good barn;
lot 41x148; on Thirty-eighth St..
$2800— One of ;he best offers made: new two-
story, six rooms and bath; lot 33x140 and
only $100 cash required.
$3500 — A Fplendld seven-room house on Thirty-
third. n»ar Telegraph; might take less;
better see this house and make an offer.
$3750— New house, eight rooms and bath; nice-
ly situated: convenient to cats; Inside of
Thirty-sixth st.
$6500— An elegant new home on Linda Vista.
- 11 rooms and bath: lot 40x132; will take
vacant property tn »iart payment.
SPECIAL OFFERING.
$20 per foot— Vacant property on Adeline and
Twenty-eighth sta.: cheapest property of-
fered In this locality; car line soon to
pass on. Adeline st.; 183 feet frontage;
will cell all or part: act at once.
LIST YOUR PROPBRTY WITH US- WE
HAVE HUNDREDS OF INQUIRING CUSTO-
MERS. AND CAN MAKE A SALE OF YOUR
PROPERTY.
A. J. SNYDER. " "
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
$10,5C0 — Grand residence of 10 rooms, situated
on NE. corner lot. 100x150: one of the
choicest localities In city; hardwood
mantels and every modern appointment;
appraised at $12,500; must be eold.
$10,500 — Palatial mansion, with water park,
surrounded by magnificent grounds,
combining country effects with city con-
veniences: crand marine and landscape
view; boathouse. lawn, stable; reduced
from $25,000.
$7,5C0— Elegant residence In Lakeside district;
10 rooms; all modern appointments; cost
to duplicate. $10,000; a sacrlflcs.
$3.eOO— New modern dwelling: 8 rooms and
bath; beamed ceilings; finely finished In-
terior; lot 36x120; near Clinton station.
$3,000— Modern colonial dwelling; 7 rooms and
bath: extra well built: ud to date; 36th
et., near West; easy terms.
$3.5C0 — Brand new house of 6 roams and bath:
complete In every detail; $250 down,
I balance as rent; near Clinton station.
$2,150— Neat cottage; 5 roomsand bath: hirh
basement; Weit «t.. near 18th. "
$2,000— Finely built cottage: 5 rooms and bath;
street work, sidewalk complete; near
Senator Perkins*.
EXTRA VALUES— LOTS. ' " "
$4,250— Investment property In business cen-
ter; '25 feer frohtag*. with 6-room cot-
tage; convertible into store; can be
leased $50 per month J terms If desired.
$55 foot — Lakeside business lot; Close to busi-
ness center: surrounded by $20,000 resi-
dences; cplendld opportunity for flats or
flne residence. • • •
, . 'BARGAIN.
$1,650 — Store with 3 rooms and 5-rbom flat;
near Santa Fe terminal and San Pablo
ave.; /rents $20 per month.
$2,250 — Nearly 2 acres In bsst section North
- Oakland: Investment for subdlvldin?;
bound to advance.
$700 — Sanitarium of 0 rooms and operating
room; fully equipped with all appliances;
established clientage; rent $31 per
month; splendid opening. • ¦ -
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO. •
450-652 Eighth" st..
Oakland.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. ' ~
I 1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$3000— Nearly new. modern colonial cottage of
« rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain hath, sanitary plumbing; all in
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sld walks laid:
open lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove st. : flne barn, gravel driveway;
garden and a few fruit trees; must bo
sold: owner away; cannot",- be duplicated
at the price; must be seen™ to be appre-
ciated; terms of payment If desired.
No. 2222 Market St.. near 34th st. — Colonial,
new. modern C-room dwelling; porcelain
bath: 2 toilets; lot 30x100; open lawn: ex-
tra flne hardwood' fixtures and mantel; I
block from San Pablo ave.: very desir-
able In every respect; nice location; open
to-day for Inspection.
$1SOO — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms and bath; cor-
ner; close to San Pablo ave.; a big bar-
gain: must be sold;, owner away; fine
location for store or flats.
$3<X)0 — Forced sale under mortgage; positively
1/ . must be sold at once; 10 rooms; lot 3Ax
115; sunny frontage: close to! schools,
churches and local train;' Poplar st. ; cen-
tral; very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $4100.
$40GC — El'gant home of 7 rooms and bath: ele-
vated lot; on car line: 5 minutes' ride to
trains: ceilings finely frescoed; flne gas
and electric fixtures; price Includes all
etreet work, stone coping-, cenwnt walks
nround house and cement front steps;
lawn; lot 40x120; a bargain; Investigate;
$1000 down, .balance easy.
Send for new. printed 8-page catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO...
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Fire Insurance and Financial Agents.
Tel. Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENTS— INCOME PROPERTY.
$4000— Flat; West st.; renting $504 per annum,.
$4000 — Grove St.; renting $480 per annum.
$5250 — Flatf.; Alice st. ; renting for (690 per.
annum.
$5500 — Flatfc: Twelfth St.; close In; Income $600
per annum. • » • .
$6750— Flats; Telegraph ave.; Income $670 per
annum.
$7750— Flats; Jones st; Income $1020 per an-
num.
Our books are open for inspection on
the above described properties. ¦
$C5C0 will buy one of the choicest pieces of
Broadway property. 125x125 -. feet,'- if
bought before August 1. ' This property
Is cheap at $80 per front foot.
TAYLOR BROS & CO., • 1238 Broadway.
$250 CASH AND $10 MONTHLY - ' •¦ - v "¦
For 1 acre or ltl lots, sandy loam soil, covered
with fruit trees, 2 flne springs on the land.
2 blocks to" electric road and across the street
from a nice public school; away from feps
and harsh winds; near a. 00-foot boulevard;
an Ideal -location, for a home; %. few more
acres may be had adjoining; some nice homes
- surrounding; price In all. $500. ° ' •
1 $275 cash. $8 50 monthly— New cottage of
4 rooms; bath; pantry, closets, etc. ; modern;
soil and location unsurpassed; adjoining Eavt
Oakland; lot 35x138; more land can.be had;
price in. all, $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES
Owner. ¦ ' ¦ .,-,..¦ .- . 7 • . •. . > »
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. Ban Fran,
cisco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural. homes.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa-VThe Weekly Call.
- 16 Daces. In wranD«r. tar mallintr. tl Dtr Vur,
(JAKLANF AliVETOMENtSl-
OAKLAND HSAL\ K STATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.).'
.-'..-.-.¦¦ 1060 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$37o-"-Slghtly lots. 40x120;". located* In 'fine
neighborhood \ and surroundingf; . strpet
work complete; close . to ' schools,*' cars,
etc.; price cut for quick sale; ¦ one-half
cash, balance easy payments.
L. T. -
$500 cash, balance' $30. per month, Include^ In-
• terest and. principal; new 6-mcm house,
.Just finished: every modern Idea for com-
fort and convenience; latest plumbing and
lighting throughout; elegant surroundings
, . and location; close to Telegraph ave. ;
price very low. ¦ " •
0511* '
$2350 — Neat home of 0 rooms, bath, etc: street
work complete: 1C0 feet from San* Pablo
ave. and easy walk to Fourteenth and
Broadway; see It; 10 Mead ave.; terms
to suit. _ '
ONE OF OUR LEADERS. .
$1100. 1 $1*00. •' ;. $1100.
, NEAT COTTAGE.
# - ( HIGH BASEMENT.
, , . DRIVEWAY. . BARN, ETC- ]
'-.'t '.. ¦ ':- . :¦ . . ¦ /{I;;
< ' LOT 32:8x125. '
¦ - J .-' ' — — — .¦.'¦¦'.
THERMAL- HILL. ." [* 0
CLOSE TO SCHOOLS, CARS, ETC. .'
Close to Santa Fa New Improvement!.
TERMS TO SUIT.
INVESTMENTS.
Three flats; Income $33 per month"; price
isoco. . , , ;.¦¦• v-. •¦'; : :.:*"
Two flats: Income $42 per month; price $4150.
Two flats; Income $37 50 per mouth; price
$4000.
0.135-
Two flats; income $40 per month; price $4000.
Four flats; Income $37 50 per month; price
$10,000. . .
. '** — 0347
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.),
¦ 1060 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$500 CASH and $50 a month buys what might I
be termed a mansion; house of 8 rooms;
. finished In curly redwood; paneled din-
ing-room with china closets and . hook-
. cases built therein; -frescoed-* and deco-
rated; nickel and open .plumbing: sur-
rounded by the finest homesin East- Oak-
land: near the elepant. residence of F. M.
Smith, beautiful Arbor Villa; fltte- - marln*
view; lot 50x14.-.; for gale at; $3000 less
- than actual cash value; first come first
served. • ¦ • ¦• • ,- -
J. S. MEYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4250 for a home that would cost $6000 to du-
plicate; lot 50x116; driveway.' flov.'ers.
palms, fruit trees, summer house — -in fact,
an ideal home: tlie owner has been com-
pelled to' leave Oakland and must sell:
terms only JSOO c'dsh 'and balance "niortr
' -gage; house of 8 rooms and bath, 'modern
and almost new; Swigs colonial style of
architecture: nrst-class neighborhood and
near the business center. "
J. S. MEVER3 or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
. ¦ 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$S000— A FIRST-CLASfe*7oilglng"or apartment
hotel, CO rooms; fine corner; central;' doing a
.paying business from $300 to $000 net*p>r
month; any parties .meaning business .*we\will.
show the property; if not as represented" pay"
any expenses incurred: must be sold on ac-
.¦ count of ill health of owner. • ." . • ,,
THEALDEN CO..
¦ ",-¦ -' HIS -Broadway. Oakland. .
HOUSES TO LET.;.
$30— NEW, sunny house. Merrlmac st-Vserid
for printed list, issued weekly complete.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. •
. . 1002 Broadway. Oakland.'
OA K L AXP FUR MTPRE FOR SALI3.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In fuml-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th gt. cor. store.Oaklnd
, J^ r>Bg y :BST REAI. ESTATE. ~
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.
A 5-room cottage, new and modern: one
acre of land: 250 white leghorn chicken*:
barn 1Sx20; horse and new wagon; fruit
trees, etc. ; $2750.
House of 6 rooms; hard finished and new;
lot ?Sx1£3: $1HCO: this Is a snap
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT. CO..
1 ¦ - • • Frultvale Station.
Mill Valley-, Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOTS r>0xl25 at the statlcm on graded streets;
beautiful trees; charming views; prices very
low; only $8 to $12 a front foot; terms, 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; will
double in value: don't fall to see them: over
RO lots sold recently: money advanced for
• building purposes;, .send for illustrated book-
let; apent on the ground Sundays.
; LYON' & HOAG. HO Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
DrTlUDLUM~HILL. :14« MarketrnrTEliventh
— No charge for extracting ¦ when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL. '¦ ~~
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bids..
• room 614. corner Geary and , Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50: fillings. 6Qa:
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowna.$2 up; fllllnga.25c.
POLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month;, estimates free!
New York Dentists. 909 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
n A;SBAMSTnESSE8.
INDEPENDENT WOMEN are those who learn
to do their own dressmaking and millinery:
all branches taught, by ; the-, most approved
methods at the' McDOWELl; DHESSMAK-
INO AND MILLINERY SCHOOL. 1019 Mar-
ket st., aboveBlxth|patterns cut to order.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
•—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife platting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PYEHTO AMTt CltEA-TINQ.
SEA breezes sweeten, all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done' by tht Presidio -
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento- phone
for wagoy ~~>Ft 453. H. HICKMAN. prea.
. ¦EXCHANGE. .."-V ¦[>¦;-
A GASOLINE 4 horsepower automobile for ex-
change for. city or, country property; will a»:
sume. a "mortgage -or. pay; a cash differences*
automobile guaranteed In first-class condi-
tion. ' " ' ¦
. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway,. Oakland.
'.'' 'LOST AND FOUAD. .
LOST— White bull terrier; spiked collar; dark
. spot on one ear and eye. Reward af'22
Eighth st; -¦"¦;¦¦ -¦'--¦• -•.<;...
STRAYED— A small Durham cow;.. Friday
morning. 1020 Oak St.; -' Oakland; telephone
John 21U1." ;..••.. "¦/•-,. r- ¦
LOST — Saturday. "July "18; lady's gold watch.
Return to iu:?8 Sixth St.; reward $20.,
QOTTLOB SCHUTZ— Your.W. F. money orders
found, y amounting ? ¦¦: to ' $350. . . Faustmann
House. 737*/. Howard st. !. . ¦ ¦ , - v ;;--
LOST — Along lower Geary -. and f Market sts.,
\ ¦ lady'a; gold " watch with short 'chain; dog's
':' head engraved on back. ... Finder, will receive
reward by -returning to. carhier Call office or
:7S7 Fifty-ninth st.. t OakIand. r '_.,-.-¦;; -.-."'-.-¦.-.-"
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfornl<i
• Watch ; Case Co.; 220 ; Sutter st". - needs ; old
- a-old ' and silver . to make new wat<*~a ' cases. .
BEBKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE..
•LA WTO N & ALBEE'S
FPECIAL BARGAINS IN BERKELEY
HOMES AND LOTS:
4-rcom cottage, tsrjre lot. «treet work
done, near station $1500 i
5-room house, new. near nation, lot '"'•'
33 t; 1 135, a snap $1600
''-room h~use. near Ftation and elec-
tricf. new and modern $3250
. C-mom houf*. near station, new and
• niodt: n. a snap $2300
«-rocm cottage, large lot and sur.ny cor-
ner, a cnap $2250
*-room brtise, rtre*t work done, south
fror.t, new, ea*y terms ..: $1000
£-rrv>m !;oe*e, central, large let. a great
bargain $1200
K-roo.-n houre. central, new. modern.
T-oltfcked fiuort; easy terms $4500
S-rr-orn, *unny corner house, etreet work
aont, new. a bargain ..$4500
f-room nous*, south front, near station
and *lectrlcs. new $4750
S-room house. n*w. Dana et.. modern
near nation ar.d electrics $4750
S-r«-.m hoa«£ Hast* st.. new and mod- .
ern. rear f tetion $4750
9"-roe:n. runny corner house, new, near
station and electrics $GOCO
11-room hou*e. Fulton st.. central, a
bargain, near fetation $6500
lO-rocm -houfe, r>urant ave.. nearly new
bam, large lot , .'$7500
14-rocm house, fine- corner, central.
eplendid 1 Investment $S000
We have ecrr.e snap* m lots for investment-
no easier way to make money than In buyine
a good let. " 1
**?* Cl ." L ii £*****2Pi5° ""•""tin* houses. Ccme
early — the demand is active.
• " 2139 CENTER STREET.
Fhor.e Mason 401. Berkeley.
WHAT IS PEP.FECTION?
TMs a«w 7-room house, with all modern
irr.rro\emecti. including frescoed ceilings;
"1!3***<" <?n 'h«. best street in town: pnej
*^r*O; terras, ataall cash payment, balance
Eair.e as rent. -
• • O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sungays. ' Lorln.
INVESTIGATE THIS. ~~
3-r*otn cottage, pantry, toilet; city water;
. clo« to car liner price SHOO; terms small
cazn payment, balance same as rent.
'¦ ' O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open gandays. Lorln.
THIS IS ALL RIGHT ~ ~~
' »w 6-room cottage, bath, toilet stationary;
*" .l ure * : clo# * to «t«tion and street carp; i
•. rnce $2500; terms, small cash payment bal- '
tjr.ct susc as rent.
."_ " i, O. A. RUDOLPH.
.Qp*a Sundars. Lorln.
HERE'S aa cppcrtur.it>- to get a home on i
reasonable terms; $100 cash balance on 1
monthly payments; new house of 7 rooms I
end bath; thoroughly well built; very con-
, . vtnient to station.
• $35C0 — A new 7-room house (4 beiroams) cas
and *l*ctrt^ty: etiwt all dote; $000 down I
balance $30 mcnthly.
1 J27C0— New house of 7 roctr.s and bath. " '
52C0*— 'New house cf 6 rcrisa and bath.
$3000— 5-Tocm cottage. w ; t h lot 100x135- plenty !
• cf fruit trees; In the hills.
• J25OO — Houm cf 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x135"
Etreet work done.
• $1000— House cf 5 rooms and bath; near
Dwijht way station.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
* Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
BEET BARGAINS.
$1250— LOT SCxl20; «jotu»ge house of « rocaw;
terms to suit; a &nap.
$2150— A new modern cottage; « rooms and
bath; lot 36x112; street work and concrete j
walks Included: very desirable; $200 oath, I
aalacce like axnt. ¦ - . .
V » J
MODERN HOMES. -
Att extensive list of «. 7 end S room r.tyr
f-olonial houf-«. up to dat* and complete th in.
r*rtr.t»«Kt. Price* from *25OO to $-'}5OO. Terms- -
• mad« to «ult buyere. These are well located
ar.d desirable properties and worthy of Inspec- '
* liwn. '
K. D. IRWIN.
LORIN STATION. BERKELET.
A FEW LOTS AT CLOSE FIGURES. .'.
£5x122;. .street Berk done ............. ,$4r-0
\ 4<>xl22: macadamized rtreet J5.V)
• 75r"t2ii; Jmrroved street $C75
50x125; Scenic Park Tract $C0O
. Lots in Berry-Bangs, Hillegass. Scenic Park
*.£r<j Wheeler Tract at lowest figures.
Lots on xjr.in-.proved rtreet near Dwight way
rtatlon for $250 each. . •
¦TAATS 4 JtTSTER,
• - 2137 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
A CHANCE TO OWN A HOME.
Nice 6-room cottage; lot 25x122: electricity.
cat grates, cement walk*, street work .done;
ehaoVs: well built, complete and brand new;
Tor $3CO0; $200 cash, balance monthly.
Houses on all k!n4s of terms In all parts of
Berkeley and at all kinds of price*; call In and
ta^k tne ar-atter ever.
. TTAATS & JUSTER^
• ¦ 2137 Shattuck ave.
. J1C0O — 8-ROOM cottage In a nice location;
' *<f*r station and school*: lot 40x100; onfc-
half cash, balance flat loan.
. $4000 — 1507 Prince «.. near Santa Fe B. U.;
largf S-room bouse: high basement; eta-
•. "bl«>. cow. tarn, 7 houst-s for chickens; lo\
3 €0x1 35; street work complete; call and
inypect.
I ISO— 5-room cottage; lot 00x100; good loca-
tion; $200 cash, balance $15 per month.
V.\ C. MO RAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
• BUSINESS and residence corner for sale In
iHaio*K3a: the NE. corner of Central ave.
and 61xtb st.. 54 feet en Central ave. by
123 feet on 6!rth et.. containing cottage of
t rooms, bath, patent closets, etc.. on
Sixth st. ; also etore. building on corner with
living rooms: row doing a fair business; S.
P. narrow gauge station epposfte; satisfac-
tory reasons for Belling. Apply or address
II C. BALLHEIMER. 001 Central ave.. Ala-
xseda.- on premises.
BARGAIN— Well-built 10-room house; raurt bs
sold; owner leaving. 2433 Warring st.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
C&ll.' 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T'nltfd Kt»tr» nr Canada cn<» year for $1.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KUllTVALi: KKAL ESTATE.
STNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
FRUITVALE HOMES.
TERMS OF 6ALE TO SUIT.
New up-to-date cottages, cloce to local sta-
tion at Fruitvale; sewers, electric lights, gas;
¦chool withls three blocks
_ ,'\. .
• t> rooms; ccw 2-ttory; on corner; $2J00.
:¦ wioms; lot 12Sxll«; $2C00.
S 'rooms; lot 50x25; $1000. !¦ |
5 room*; lot 37:6x105; $2100.
7 rooms; two-story, new, up-to-date; $2050.
Houae of S rooms: corner lot: cood barn: lot
1S&X243; water tank, 4000 gallons; $«O0U.
One of tbe beet buys Jn Fruitvale.
STNDICATE INVESTMENT COilFANT.
Fruitvale Station.
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS FOR
• SATHER TRACT SATHtKR TRACT
FOR cal* — Cheap on account of going East this
fall: $850; $350 cash, balance can remain on
mortgage; small bouse, rlabl* and chicken
houtes: lot 100x150: Fitcbburg. on Snell ave.
tTakv the Haym'ards car or addros to F.
BRANDT, nimhunrt. Alarneda Co.. Cal.
ATKR front lots, near fi. P. Co. trrxniiiul. ¦
till pip«'-lln«. etc. : $5 monthly: m«p free; lew
»;.sr*. one at $150. In Sacta. K«. A. W.
tZLL. 41? 1 arrdt bid.. bO5 Market St.. S.F.
'~i,}j" ''---'; l-> ?!£^5 o -^J**v:^'X ------
R.. H.: WEBSTER. ex-Superintendent "City
Schools/ will,- with able assistants, prepare
- young 'men and ' women for business; posl-
| tlons seooreuV Metropolitan BusinesSjCoIlege
for Co days; reduced rates. Send to or call
at room 73, Chronicle bldg.. . for. circulars.
'.Reception hours, .,4-3. 7-8. Stenography, type-
writing, penmanship, business course, rapid
t calculating. Typewriting machines, home
use free. .. '• ¦ ,- .: . •' •
A— CALDWELL College j of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; -fall term
begins Sept. 7; day class; beautiful
new catalogue free.-12t»5 Market., cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
'languages, - telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions: IIlus. catalogue tree.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE.
• conducted by, experts ; . best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
- dorgtd by official cpurt reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. :¦ special' summer course In alldepart-
.- ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship; $50: day and evening sessions. .'
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary, st..
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private In.
Mruction; reception daily; phone Black 3733.
HEALD'S School ot Mines ' & ElectrlcUyiJU Po«t
st^ 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH and English taught, oral and writ-
. ten translations from & into either language.
Prof. Domingo C. Haya, 427. Sutter; est. 1900,
I THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
[ * to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer.- Send for catalogue. ',
ENGINEERING— Civil., elec. min., mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. -Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. S. F Business College. 1236 Market st.
A TEACHER would exchange lessons for room
rent; specialties > piano, singing. Spanish,
• h'ghe'r English' branches. Bex 4242. Call. offlce.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
.Gate Commercial -College. Van Ness and
; Golden Gate aves.,S.F. -.fills every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Half Howard
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster,
PROFESSOR of zither; lessons $6 per month.
264 San Carles ave., bet. lt)th and 20th sts.
KENT Law School: day and night; insures
admission to bar; 6 Eddy gt.. cor. Powell.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas: classes
day and evening: private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. "72 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing:.
etc.. day Or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
i EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; .fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment ' Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant IBS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
• flee; til kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
KMPLO VMEXT WAXTKD FEMALE.
A— SCOTCH waitress, young, strong, 3 years
last place, wants a situation: also a thor-
oughly reliable Scotch housemaid and seam-
stress wants a rituatton. Call at MISS
PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS middle-aged German hotel
cook wishes situation: country preferred. A'd-
dress MRS. . MOLLER, Grand Southern Ho-
_ tel. Seventh and Mission sts.
A YOUNG lady, with 3 years* practical experi-
ence in topographical and railroad draught -
ing declres position with draughting office In
city; Al references. Box 4231. Call. :
V 'E3tPLOYME?*T 'SvA'VTEP-^— MALE. *"
' A— BUTLER with first-class references wants
• a place by the 1st of August. Call at MIS9
r 425 Kutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED— Position by two rough carpenters;
country preferred. Box 4915* Call office.
JAPANESE wants to have a position ns a
schoolboy in Email family. • Japanese M. E.
Church. 1329 Pine «t, S. KURODA.
A NEAT Japanese wishes a situation as
schoolboy; "speaks English. -T. S., 935 Sac-
ramento St. -i '..'.. . ' . ¦¦ "
JAPANESE, good boy wants a situation a»
school boy in small "family. K. UCHIYA-
MA, care Gospel Society, 723 G.eary st^
JAPANESE couple want' places; man 1* cook:
wife waiter at table. 832 Clay . st., rear,
Oakland. "
JAPANESE cook wants tplace: do kitchen
work. S32 Clay at..- rear.- Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call bnroch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
""HORSES AXO WACOXS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
. wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
CAMP wagons to" let, with tents, cooking uten-
pils. etc.. complete; also baby buggy for sale.
2020 Polk st. J i?
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, tfart. 2d-hanJ;
new laundry wagon, cheap. -828 Harrison et.
FOR sale — 2 horses, 7 years old; 1- lumber wag-
on; 1 set harness. 52 -Hardy, bet.- 16th & 17th.
10 GOOD horses from the country . for sale
cheap. 327 Sixth st.. _¦
3-SPRING business buggy. In good condition;
cheap. 141 10th ave.. near .Cal. : also harness.
Al EXPRESS-' wagon. light camping wagon
and rocart for .«>ile rh»nn. R12. Ml«*lon «t.
1 " HOUSES TO LET. .
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; 'tend for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN «fc CO..14Mcntgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houlej
to- let. BALDWIN Ik HOW.F.LL. 2S Post «t.
HOUSES TO LET Fl'R.MSHED. . ¦
J PACIFIC ave. — New and complete. This is not
¦"¦ a cheap, old-fashioned place, but the finest
rental property In San Francisco. THE Me-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
A -WELL furnished house., .piano, 10 rooms:
very sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonlo aye.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montg. at.
J IKPORMATIOISr^WAWTXD^
ANY person knowing the whereabouts of Oeor-
gie Murray, please Inform his wife. Mrs. M.
Murray, as son Is dying and. wants to see
him. 518 Moultrle -street, Bernal Heights.
, .MEDICAL. /
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
rold; price $2 50 by. express. Pasteur" ¦ syr-
inge and tablets: price • $2 50. By expre»»
only on receipt of • price. • OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS,' wholesale druggists. -Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; 1 Instant relief guaranteed; 3U <
years' experience. 72S Post st.. . near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all le-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10GS}& Market St.. opp. 3t,h.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In. trdble consult this . specialist on femal#
complaints; positively cprrected; tha unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat*
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, and HINtOO HERBS;
criminal method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Drs.- Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs. exper'nee.'
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom St.. cor. j
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR.<NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell > St.. opposite
Union tauara: all Al*»asm cured by herbs.
COMPETENT- nurse wishes engagements, con-
flnements'or invalids; cheerful- careful; ref-
erences; moderate terms. MRS. KING, !>17
Oeary st.
YOUNG lady •• stenographer and typewriter,
mercantile.- experience, unexceptional refer-
' encts, wants position.-. » Box- 460S, -Call office.
WOMAN wants work by. day. laundry or clean-
' Ing, $150 -per- -day and car fare; ¦ Mission
; preferred. 2831 Sixteenth st. •••... -
COMPETENT girl Wants a place for cooking
and -housework: -wages $20 to $25." Addre&s
- Cook. Call branch-. office'.' 300 Hayes st.
SWEDISH girl (17) wishes to do light house-
work and plain .cooking In city; wages $20.
iMISS A.;B.. Redwood City. ..
YOUNG lady would like position as working
housekeeper or care" of 2 or 3 children 123
Harriet et.
YOUNG lady.- willing and obliging, is desirous
of employment.- Atfdresa A. B.. Call branch
office. 6S9 McAllister Et.
... , ¦
AN experienced German girl wants place as
cook or will do housework; wages $25 to $30.
Address box 4247. Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter desires po-
sitlon: salary moderate. MISS S., 026 Myrtle
St., Oakland. '
A COMPETENT woman would like 3 or 4
half-days housework of any kind a week. Box
4232. Call. ' ' • ¦
DRESSMAKER, tailor suits and fancy remod-
eling; experienced; during summer months,
$1 50 a day. Box 4245, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation to
do general housework in a small family; id
a good plain cook. 322 Jessie st;. nr. Fourth.
A CAPABLE lady, slightly deaf, would like
position. Box 4010, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
cleaning; wages, $1. Address 212 Clara, rear.
A COMPETENT German woman wanta wash-
Ing and Ironing by the day. Address 1203
Vallejo gt. ¦
TRAINED nurse, speaking French and . Eng-
lish, will care for and travel with Invalid:
terms reasonable; references. Box 4917, Call.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements;
can give baths, rubbings or any care tha elck
may require. Phone Scott 3151. • ••¦•¦
WANTED 'by middle-aged- woman, situation
as cook: small boarding-house or ranch cook;
no general housework; city or country. Ad-
dresH.box 4221. Call. . .
WANT ails and - subscriptions taken for The
Call at F.wton'» Bagaar. <«^ 'McAllister nt.
EMPLOYMEM" WAXTKD — MALe!
MAN with many years' experience in charge of.
power and lighting plants will take a sim-
ilar position; Is a graduate mechanical en-
gineer, . with ample proof of skill, ability
and character to satisfy the most exacting.
Address Chief Electrician and Engineer, box
801. Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG man with extended practical expe-
rience in mining; work and civil engineering
desires a position as field engineer with some
mining, exploration or railroad company,
cither in United- States or Mexico; upeaKs
Spanish fluently; best of references. AUdresa
box 4237, Call office.' •¦
ENERGETIC young married man,' highest ref-
erences, practical knowledge with wholesale
.houses, bookkeeping, tvpewrltliig, ! English,
German, French correspondence, desires po-
sltlon; salary moderate. Box 4923. Call. .
POSITION by young man In private family as
choreman: good milker: -plain gardening;
carVof horses. Box 4600. Call office.
POSITION as cutter and fitter on ladles' tai-
loring; -from the East; best of references.
Address box 4927. Call office.
COACHMAN; married: can give dvat-claso per-
• scmal. reference from last employer.. Bc-x
- 4243/ Call office.
FIRfeT-CLASS framcr desires employment in
good quart* mine 'as tlmberman. Address
J .C., box 4235. Call. ¦ : .-; '.'-..'•
COOK, experienced meat and pastry, wants
situation: sober and reliable. W. A. JONES.
Frultvale P. O. •
A STEADY young man wants any kind: work
in .wholesale house. Box 4230, Call office. -
PAINTER with tools; day. or Job work; rea-
sonable. • Address Painter, 329 Guerrero st.
BRIGHT- Japanese "boy. wants schoolboy's po-
sition.* .Address 923 > Sacramento ft. .
SITUATION wanted by. experienced young
florist and, gardener to take charce of, big
¦ j.iace, either" private i or commercial;- good
reference. V Addref s A.;,W.. box 1227. >CaII.
A POSITION as cashier or assistant treasurer
In flrst-class -hotel, or wholesale or large
.retail dry-goods company, or, large lumber
, '• cempany. ¦>-. Box ' 4222, Call Office.
WANTED— Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8-years' ex-
perience, day. work preferred. ..Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal. . ! '-.''-'-,
RELIABLE.' ; honest \ young "-.¦ man, ¦ German,
steady. . sober, wishes situation as bartendsr;
cltv references. Box 42Q6. Call - office.
FIRST-CLASS Chines* cookwlshes position*." in
, boarding-house : or private family. . Address
¦ TOY; 902 Clay st. ; .'v '.'„>¦ •'."'•'". -•
SITUATION wanted In private family by flrst-
¦ ¦- class- Chinese ~> cook; wages -$40-per monthr
; AH LEE, iq}6. Stockton St., city '
WANTED— Small amount of capital to locate |
and record Immense copper proposition In
Shasta County: good Inducements to right
parties. Box 4230. Calf-office.'
MISCELLANEOUS-— KOK SALIJ.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN- I
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay
a small weekly .payment on all purchases; alt
. goods delivered. on. flrst- payment. Call end
examine, our good?, even if you don't care t>
buy. LJCHTENMTEIN, BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? . ."* i
Repair It. with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay: j
needs< no painting or coating; good over old ,
Iron, tin or shingles: ..best. for. .new roofs. ¦
. ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st. \
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines. I
r>umps, water pipe, bought, sold, rer.ted and
exchanged. .See Sunday's papers. H.S.WH1TE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 BeaU st.
LADY would like to sell to private party 3 I
diamond rings. 1 diamond pendant. . 1 pair I
diamond earrings and lady's watch - and I
chain. Box 4257, Call office. ... j
. i
BAR and back bar of solid mahogany. 30 feet !
long; a first-class fixture at ' a reasonable j
price. Apply at «518 Third st.
SAWMILLS, electric light outfits, pumping !
' machinery bought, sold, rented and ex- ¦
changed. H. S. WHITE Machinery Co.. 130- j
132 Bcale st. ' - ¦ • j
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlg- J
lnal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. !
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
' ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. : near
Pine: open till D p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or. rents gear machinery, en-
glr.es, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
ttc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
. 2D-HAND sasoline'englries. the klnd'that runs.
II. S. WHITE -M'c'h.'y 'Co 130 Beale st. ;
8 H. P. boiler and engine on one base, $125. ,
U-lo M st., Sacramento 1 . - .!
$5 — SINGER sewing machine; In good order. I
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
FOR sale — 300 light empty second-hanu wooden ;
boxes. Box 422S. Call.
BIGGEST runts, bert, hen pigeons, choice ho--
mers are at 2041 Linden St.; Oakland. , .
ONE camping outfit for sale; 2 horses, wagon
and harness. 73tt Folsom st. . .- ; . • ' \
FOR sale-^Well-bred Spits pups. 5&i£ Na-
toma st. * __V ; ¦ . ' -
lFoR~SALE— 50 pigeons, at 120S& .Valencia
¦ street. . .' v •
ALL sizes return tubular boilers; all complete.
II. S. .WHITE M'c'h'y Co., 130 Bealo at.
HAND or power, three cylinder air compressor.
. 37 Second st.. • >
"SLOT machines; all varieties. Dewey*«. $50.00.
j Eureka Novelty Co.. 1508 Seventh. Oakland.
2D-HAND- rock crushers, stamp mills, pumps.
H. S. WHITE M'c'h'y Co.. 130 Beale st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all" Mzes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 VaUiJo st.
MOVING picture rilm and long slides. 109
' Montgomery stl ' .."' . • -.'
2D-HAND hoisting engines, logging engines,
locomotives. H. 8. WHITE M'c'h'y Co.
SAFES — New and second-band. C B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. - - :. •¦ .
All bargains; camp stools and -hairy hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
SHAFTING, hangers, pulleys, cable . belting,
engineers' supplies. H. S. WHITE.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
• picture machines. Rims. Badgalupi.- 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46' Fremont st.
MACHINERY to rent of all kinds. H. S.
WHITE Machinery Co.. 130-132 Beale st.
SAFES — New- and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento it.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters:' all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., MO Montg*y.
SELL your machinery to H. S. WHITE Ma-
chlnery Co.. 130-132 Beale st. t ¦ ¦¦ ,,-'
. MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures.BULL.ARD- feBRECK.- 131 Post st. -
CHEAPEST and. best In America— The Weekly
; Call.- 16 pages, sent to any address. In th,«
United State* or Canada one year for <1. ¦
MISCELLAXEOCS WAISTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th at.: t«L Jessie 2831.
$1000 WORTH cast-oC clothing wanted; highes:-
¦ ¦. pric*'. paid." 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 8933. '
OFFICES AND STOKES TO LET.
TO" BAKERS, i •''•/..:•'
•Store ar.d baiement to rent: cor. Post and
Jones; best location in city for a bakery. G.
H/ UMBSEN.&. CO.. 14 Montgomery st. .
TO let— Store ' suitable for drug business; good I
.location; cheap rent and good terms to-good
tenant." • RIVERS BROS.. 203 Montgomery. .
STORE with large basement; near "Kearcy It" [
See owner,, 638 Clay. St., room 1. |
j MO.\B^ TO LOAH. _'¦ .
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. V"" ...
CO1-6O2-C03 Examiner building.
C'ulck settlements; no disappointment..
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inttr-
ests. assignments of rents, property tn trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests ' In ' property purchased..' \ ».-
Courteous treatment. ¦ Strictly confidential.
• Wh«n You Need Money
See HERMAN .MURPHY.. . _'.V t—'
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, .at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. &49
Market st.. tel. Main 1844.. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried 'people, retail mer-
chants.; teamsters,* bdrrdlag-houses, without
security: easy payments: largest busrness la
46 principal cities. Tcflman. 533 Fin-ret t bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick.
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av«..
- LOANS FROM $1- to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. I"iO3 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main SIS. ¦
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
¦ t people on their note.
.The TOUSLEY CO 143 Pfcclan bldg. •
MONEY, to loan on low interest;, goldj silver,
diamond*, pearls and precious st3C«s bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; v.o removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. ft Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 3. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
I STAR Loan Co. of" Wyoming loans money t»
I salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
t CASH. loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C0 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL^ IXgTRUMEXTS. .
A F£W good bargains for this week in slightly
used pianos and organs: - .-
ORGANS. . ... -
Standard, parlor organ .-:..'. . ..$ '2O
New England, parlor organ 2S
Packard, cabinet organ ................. .'40
Farrand, chapel organ ".*,...:...'. • SO
Estty, cabinet organ, •.«<« *»
. Mason & Ilamlin. cabinet organ. ........ -05
New pipe organ — Cheap.
PIANOS.
AntiselK square grand ....._.......... 20
Raven* Bacon, square grand -«...t.w... «>0>
Symphony; square grand .- *.i** 4t>
llazt-lton Bros.', square grand *>*»
Knabe, square grand 75
Weber, square grand ..*Vr — »..«.. .?».»
Stelnway & Sons, square grand ICO
Sohmer Jc Co., square grand .125
- - UPRIGHTS. " ' v 1...
i Woodworth & Allevan, walnut case ¦ 50
Opera, ebony case 125
Hemme & Long, walnut case lw
F. L. Neuman ~. ................ l«o
Hamilton, mahogany case 20"
Dennlston. oak case ; i- --•»
Colby & Co.. oak case ." j^J
Lester & Co., mahogany case 1 ZTo
Byron'Mausy ..:. ,...;.... •><•<•
Sohmer & Co f»°
One Pianola Piano Player !•»«>
1 "Cecillan," the perfect piano player.... -00
BYRON MAUZY.
. . . • ¦¦ - ' 308-312 Pqst st.
A NUMBER of good pianos returned front
renters will be sold at greatly reduced prices.
I Among these instruments are several of th»
I leading makes. Other bargains: -
3 Chickerings $150. $183. $233
I 1 Kimball. walnut upright, celluloid keys..*«3
2 Emerson •¦"*}$$ H¥\
0 ctelnway * ....Hs5, $.5.>
4" Heine .:.-.. .....'.....$235 to $333
12"quar«» »« to $170
" organs »l»to>75
Rents $2 ud. allowed on purchase: Install-
ments. $4 up: piano-players from *3O up; new
pianos from $117 uS. HEINE PIANO CO...
235-237 Geary tt.; phone Main 5744.
STEINWA"Y' upright, left by private party.
$1C5; great bargain: 237 Oeary it. " "
i A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
i ing Vo*e. Sterling. Jacobaon. Schwechten.
Eh«rwood. Weser. Marshall ¦ & Wendell.
Haines. Everett and others: easy layment*.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16-20 O'FarreU *U
i No brapches In Saa Francisco. , "
j A BAUMEISTER or Schubert piano Is a good
I one to buy. You get full value for every dol-
lar Invested. Our terms are easy and the.
• prices low. THE ZENO MAUVA1S CO.. 7K>
I . Market st. . .
1 BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Parts, maker.
I Gus Malwdd, Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell:
I skillful repairing: 2<*-hand 'Instruments aold.
! Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Stelnway upright piano. 51S Eddy.
musk-, string*, .etc.- Max Maier.
I Teacher of Zither. 3t>4A Turk st. . ,
'. FOR sale — A -fine square piano cheap". 1123
j Sutter st. ' ... ¦ - ¦
! BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
j perfect order; sacrifice. Keege's,2S3 O'FarrelL
i BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
! cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
i KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
j -and -eldest piano house.* • . '
i BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
: SCOTT-CURTAZ P1AXO.CO-. 360 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: good usrlght; must be sold at
I. once* SCHMITZ ACO., 18 McAllister st.
I SOHMER. Byron Mauzy- pianos. Cecillan piano
I player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-313 Post st.
i SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
I MULLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham -place.
PERSONALS. ~
1 A — LAUGH and the world laughs wltn you;
weep and you weep alone." •• •
Go '.wrinkled aril the world will shun you;
look old and your credit la cone.
M. ELLA. HARRIS.
1 have been a chemist and pharmacist for
a great many years, having been admitted to
practice tn the State o< . California In the
year 1S91. Signatures of the- members of the
board of examiners, which - stand upon my
diplomas, can be teen in my office and are aa
follows: " . . -
S. H. Melvixv President. .-'.". .
John H. Dawson. Secretary.
I. W. Wood, W. M. Searby. R. In Van
Vcorhles. H. G. Finger,. J. H. Flint. Letters
can also be seen from ttome of the most emi-
nent physicians and surgeons -in this State.
The following la one. of. many:
• "I have had much opportunity to witness the-
work done by Mr». Harris in the removal of
smallpox pits, facial -blemishes, freckles and of
nearly air facial disfigurements- The work
has been eminently satisfactory. I* have had
under observation cases treated two years prior
'and I can say I ha\e seen no return of thes*
bleihiahea. It- is work that appeals to any
ens afflicted alons this line. JOHN C
F . M. D.. Jan. 20. 1002." .
These gentlemen recommend my method for
the removal of deformities and blemishes of
the tkin. as birthmarks, smallpox pits, crow's
feet, deep wrinkle's, brown spots, . yellow skin,
dark circles, double chin, moles, superfluous
hair. etc. Beauty, and freshness - of youth
lully restored by my scientific method. Dem-
onstrations can be seen at my office from 10 to
St daily. Call and get my descriptive book free.
or 4 cents for postage by mail. It tells how I
make you 21 years younger In 21 days.
I will teach a limited number my professlo»
during- the next two months — July and August.
M. ELLA HARRIS; -
7S1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin.
FREE this week at my parlors. 3* hydnv
vacuum and electric massage treatments; re-"
move:) wrlnldes.' tan and freckles: investigate
. my treat nent for fully enlarging and devel-
oping the bust; electrolysis my specialty. Call
or phone MRS.. I. BARRETT-WILSON, der-
matologist: C&llaghan bid?.. Market and
Jones cts. ; .phone Folaom 35<». ¦
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. ' Maka your friends a present. . Talking
machines . and records ." of all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee - means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 125 Geary
st.. S. F.. and 4C8 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
YOUR soul's secret laid bare In Brtdewe'1'a
¦ "Law" of Suggestion," a complete ¦ 10-lessdn
course on hypnotism, personal magnetism.
- etc.; giving 7 celebrated methods of hypno-
tizing: book sent for oply 25c: write to-day.
- H&n Francisco Supply Co.. 7 k-i Brannan st..
San Franclsco> cal.-; ....•¦
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
' at home by a painless home -treatment; In-
dorsed. «ind use*! by leading - physicians ; «orre-*
ipondence strictly confidential; tn plain. s«al#i
envelop*: call or write to-day. India- Drue
Cure 201 Turk si. : Bruce P. Klmmls. Mgr.
WANTED — 09!) men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by -
mall, blank for stamp) ; consultation » free ; :
' 8:30 to 6. Sundays 10 to. 12. Prof, OEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 213. 997 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy- restore* gray hafr. Im-
proves Its growth ;- stops f alllng.cures dandruS
-and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ao- ¦
¦ cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..333Geary.
-. WRINKLES .REMOVED..,..:....
...FINE COMPLEXION GUARANTEED...
New method; 50c. MME. M. LUTON Mai»L.
curing Parlors. 7tt4' Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
RAG carpeta wove to order and for ial«:'a!so
chenille-wove rugs. silk. portieres; dealer In
carpet twin*. In ¦ bank or chain.' at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 7C0 Fifth St.. Oakland.
NOT how. cheap, but how good, is the motto a!
the ' manufacturers .of ¦ the Rapid- - Rotary
Standard, tht sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS." agent. 1021 Market st. i
REMOVAL -Notice. •" ¦%-•-¦ •? "~
Pac I tic Envelope Co. . has* removed i to 4G1
"Mission street. Telephone 'James 170. -- • :> .
For Additional Classified Advertise-
< ments See Page Forty-Two. \THE SAN 7J I? A K ClSCO^CALLi SUNDAY, JULY 2(5, 1903,
42
CBTECH .EKVICBf.
BT. JOHN'S Pwbrterfan Church." corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla «ts. — R«v. George G. Kld-
redge. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Erecinc service at 7:45 o'ctock. Rev. John
T. Thorc_\ p_»tor of Howard Church, will
»»n__ct the services end preach both morn-
!r.f anfl evenUur. 8unday school at 9:45 a.
n>. Christian Endeavor Society, vacation.
Prayer zneeUnr Wednesday evening at S
o'clock. ' ; _'
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
_n- Sacramento rt.— Rev. William Ktrk Outh-
rte. pastor. Services it 11 a. n. and 7;45
p. m. Rev. W. O. White will preach at both
service*; F_bbat_-**bool at J5:S0 p. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor •! «:16 p.\m. Wednesday
evening prayer xneetlnr at S o'clock. All are ,
ccroislly Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Jackson and Flilmore sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
fcUL D. D., pastor. Morning service st 11
o'clock: sermon topic, -The Mission of the
Son of Man." Evening service *.t . :45
o'clock; sermon topic, "Altogether Chrts-
tlane." The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices, Eabbath-sohool at 9:30 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor meetlnr «t 6:50 p. m. Prayer '
roeetlnc Wednesday evenios; at S o'clock.
All are cordially Invited. _______
CENTRAL Church <Metho_lrt Episcopal). Mis-
sion st.. between Sixth and Seventh. Ps*-
Tors. Arthur Ii. Brtggs and Herbert F.
. BrUrgs. 9:30 a. rn.. Sunday-school. Ro'.la V.
VTstt superintendent. 11 a. ra. sermon by Ar- ,
tr.ur H. Briggs; rubject. "'Leo XIII." 8:15 p.
m., Societies of Christian Endeavor. 7:S0p. m..
concert. Programme-: Selection, "Der Frey. |
Bcbvt." <Weber), orchestra; tenor colo. "The
He*re_!y Soar" <Orsr). Horace Hanna;
march, "Reilgtoso" (Chambers), orchestra:
•election, "The S-epberd'e Sunday Bong"
<Kre-tser), orchertra. 8 p. m., sermon by
Herbert F. Brtgg?; subject. "A Striking Con-
tx_rt." The seats *re free and the people
are welcome.
CAJ4FORXIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
California and Broderlck sts. — "The Twenti-
eth Century Bible" will b# the subject of the
a*nson by Rev. Clarence Reel at 11 a. m.
"Prepare to Live" will be the subject at 7:46
p. m. Sun-ay-scaooL. 9:45 a. to.; Kp worth
Xteaa-ue. 6:«S p. tn. Strangers are especially
mnted.
QKP6ON Memorial * Uetbodist Episcopal
Crmrch. corner Hayes snd Buchanan ets. —
-tev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
ttUt.-«a "The Secret of the Lord." At
"• Ai p. in. Pur*-. Adrian Hofmeyr. D. D., the
rrwt Boer orator of South Africa, will
pre-ca. ge_ts free. All Invited. Sundsy-
«-hocl at 12:SO p. m.. C. B. Perkins euperlu-
lep-CBt Epworth League st 6:45 p. m.
TTK3T Conrrnritlocci Church, corner Post and
K»wa sts. — Rev. George C. Aflame. D. D..
pastor. Rev. C 6. Nash. D. D.. will preach
hot- momler — »4 eveninr. At 11 a. m..
topic, "Jehovah a Devouring Fire." At 7:45
p. m.. topic. "The Lordship of Jesus." Ail
ere cor_s_Il- invite.-.
TBTRD Congreratloaal. Fifteenth, near Miss Jon
— Rev. George St. McKay w«l preach at 11
* . m. on **Sot_e Ne*ds of the World That the
Church Must Meet." At 7:15 p. m., by spe-
cial request, a t«_peraace lecture on "Un-
w_shed Hands." All Invited. Seats free.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twenieth
and Capp ets.— Rev. Jay William Hudson,
minister; residence. 500 Capp et. The Sun-
day school Is at 0:45 o'clock. Mr. TV. C. Max-
>rell superintendent Morning service at 11
o'clock. Mr. Hudson will preach; subject.
"The Gospel of Conscious Power." Music by
orchestra and choir, directed by Jabish Clem-
«*Pt. All ae-ts free. No e\-enlng sM-vlce.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Serv-
ices. 7:30 a. m.. holy communion; 9:30 a.
. ra.. Sunday school; 11 o'clock, mcrnlng
prayer and litany; 4 o'clock, evening 1 prayer.
All are welcome; preacher at both tervices,
Rev. Clifton Aiaccn.
TIRST Church of Chrirt Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter *t.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.:
subject of lesson-sermon. "Love." Sunday
school for children at the same hour; Wed-
nesday evenlnu meeting at S o'clock; free
t-eadlng room. 208 Kearav et, rooms 509-610;
all are welcome.
FIRST Divine Science Church holds its ser-
vices every Sunday st 3SW0 Seventeenth ft..
below Valencia. M. E. Cramer, pastor, will •
apeak to-day on "The Life More Abundant." i
A GRAND -union mass meeting for men only !
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock In the au-
ditorium cf the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation. Mason and EUls ets. Rev. John
Thompson. D. D.. will address the meeting
m the subject. "The Book for Young Men."
Mr.- aad Mr*. Baker, the blind singers, will
siror several selections. All men Invited.
THE Tnecsophical Society, Golden Gate
T.odre — Free public lectures every Sunday,
* p. in.. Flood building. 809 Market st- Sub-
ject to-rigfct. "The Use* of Failure." by
Miss M. A. Walsh. Questions and answers.
«>pen discussion meeting. Saturday. 8 p. m.
Library and reading roam open daily l to 4.
THE Theosephlcal Society. San Francisco
. branch, headquarters Odd Fellows' building '
Public lecture at 8 p. m. by Dr. Jerome A. j
Anderson: subject, "The Building of the Tern- I
pie." Lotus group. 11 a. m. Study class.
Thursday. 2:30 p. m. j
THE Hermetic Brotherhood — Open meeting
Thursday. 6 p. m., flC. Van Ness ave. Sub-
ject for the 30th inst., "The Creative Force
r>t Sound." illustrated by W1J1 C. Bailey, M.
P.. Ph.D.
MEErnrcg — sujtpayT
TESTS — Bible Spiritual Church, 6C3 Market, j
front hail: Mrs. Glllingham, Mr*. Tobias, J. j
N. Younr. Mr. Wilson and ethers; 2 and '
7:30; 10c.
COVENANT Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 7th and
Market. 8 p. m.; lecture, spirit message*;
mediums. Mr. Howe, Mrs. Howe.Mrs.Hoimes.
JOHN SLATER mSH hoJd a test meeting to-
nlrht at 6:15 sharp; written questions an- j
gwergd. lx>wer hall. 117 Larkln st. j
Mrs. Stoddard's seances. 10c; some tests that j
can be recognized ;Sun.Tuea. sittings. 278 Oth.
"NOW" lecture. Henry H-rrison Brown -'An-
swers," Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 sharp; music.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
nljtht : 10c. 619 McAllister; readings daily.
KATIE HEUESMAN. circle^ Friday evening.
25c; gittlngg. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. JB5 McAllister— Mrs. C J
Meyer; sit, dally; test circle every night; 10c.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual business medium; llfc-
rsader: dev. circle Wednesday eve. 1124 Mrkt. j
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night,
10c: prophetic readings. 50c, $1. 148 Sixth.
MRS. WERMOUTH end Dr. Cowan's spiritual
! meeting, e p. m.. Odd Fellow*' bldg.: Me.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night !
10c: irittlncs. 10 to,!, and 1 to 5.
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to-night; test*
messages, etc. 1052 El! la; _5c.
8C5DAY LECTCREs! ~^
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian CaMle
um Market et.— Subject, "Some Mj-kteries of
fcclence," followed by views of the Idyl of
Jane Conquest; free tickets will be distrib-
uted for X-Ray exhibition st Sanitarium
Tuesday evening: remember the question
box; ri>ecial music.
DR. W. . R. PRICE, of international fame as !
orator, author, scientist and philosopher lee- J
. tures under the auspices of the Psychic Re-
Hesrcr 1 . Hociety, this evening, S:IS o'clock. !
Memorisl Hall. Odd Fellows' bid*. : subject '
•Exposition of Christian Science." with tele- !
p-thlc demonstrations. All seats free. |
"LOVE. Women. Marriage"; series of lecture.!
by Dr. W. Albert Wllll. under Hit auspices
of Mental Pol*e Society. Topic thl- morn-
ing. II o'clock, "Firet Message." Golden
Gate Hall, C2S Sutter Ft.; piano recital by
Prof. Anton Dahl; admission tree.
GEORGE EDWIN BURNELL. the ablest
t_Lrtier of - metaphysics, begins tils first
«»urse of six lessons on the "A*ioms*of
Truth." Monday evg.. Aug. 3. room II. Flood
bid*. : terms »5: students please notify H. J
YOUNG. S34 Golden Gate ave.
THE Mystic Circle will meet at Golden Gate
• upper) Hall. Sutter st.. to-day. 11 a. m. Z
and * p. m.: good music Subject. "Mystic
and Scientific Marriage." by supreme high
Ijciett: demonstrations.
MRS. ELIZABETH DEURESS of the Los An-
grlcs School of Metaphysics will lecture this
eveninr In Golden Gate Hall at 8 o'clock
#hnrp; s-toject. "The Law of Progression" ¦'
admission free. • -TJZjr..*.
'THE Thought That Kills" Is the subject of
popular psychological lecture to-__rht bv rw
Alexander J. McI\-or-Tynda!l; £tei_way "llall'
223 Sutter st Demonstration* c-f sub-con-
srious phenomena.
LECTURE. "Law, of VlbraUon." by Thad-
de_s S. Frits of Forward Movement, 11am
Occidental liall. Supreme Court buildinr W
ner Larkln and McAlll*ter sts. *'
"PAPACY as Queen Will See More Sorrow"-
an Interesting lectnre by the Chrletadelphlan
Society, at 11 a. ra.. Union Square Hall 421
Post St.; seats inm.
M_UET_XG NOTICES.
BrmTTAK-MONTENEGRIK L. ft -.._.
B. iodety — Officers and mem- ' ffT_>
b're, you are hereby noticed to mu*r^_
«*wrnb!e at 1221 Washington st., WJFSTfSm.
on SUNDAY, July 2<5, at 1 mfWS
n'cVxk p. m. sharp, for the pur- MJB-iB
pose of attending the funeral of vnHPjBtJf
our let- brother. JOHN G. \T-
KOVICH; flne for non-attend- ~ M^~
* nee. By order cf
- -, JOHN KUKAVIZA, President
M. C. 6TAN1SICH. Sec. . ;. ¦
UNITED STATES Veteran Navy. Phelps
Squadron No. 12, meets MONDAY EVEN-
INGS at 8 o'clock on board U. 8 S.
Marten. Folsom N». 2; eligible* Invited to
MEETIKO NOTICES— -Co_tt-«»*.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. _|_. 3
F and A. M. — Officers and members \y
are respectfully requested to aseem- /~r\
ble st the Masonic b"»d ln «> r our T \T-,A<-
teenth and Railroad avcR., THIS SUNDAY. I
July 2Vat 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose j
of conducting th. funeral obsequies of _our
late brother, EDWARD CLIFFORD
TRIEFTS. By order of the Master.
K. C. HARE. Secretary. .
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. .-___
O F. — MemNrs. attend '"" 1 *-;_~_Hff_r
tlon MONDAY EVENING. July^f^gKSgS 7
Tt. Victors *^- KAmAX £TT ]
CONCORDI A X_<lc« No. 122, L O. jfljflBsto-, .
O. F.— The members of tht fu- £_P_EptXa 3
rural commute* are hereby notl; -95flS___^
ned to assemble ar Odd Fellows •
Hall SUNDAY, July 2«. st 12:80 p. m. j sharp. t
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
ERNEST K-EVMAHI^dece^ed^B^onler -
CHRIST. ROEBER. Rec. Sec. ,
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 3. Knights jJK> ;
of Pythiae— Officers and members Tflljrtj i
are respectfully requested to attend / »£B>
the. funeral of our late brother, P. C. _g_U«'V
MATTHEW WHITTAM. TO-MimKOW .
(Monday). July 27. 1003, at 1 o'clock p. m..
from the chapel of Charles IT. J. Truman A
Co.. letw M— -slon St.. bet. Fifteenth and Six- .
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Attest : -.- W. R. EMERICK, C. C.
TJa. MECREDY. K. of R. apd S. -
REB— L Cork Benevolent Association — %rf*rt» »
Will hold its seventeenth annual plo- v^vSl J
ntc tn Bh»!l Hound Park, Berkeley, O n %\Vf
SUNDAY, AuiruFt 2, 1903. Numerous pf^irt
gate and game prises. A Domestic w u
sewing-machine will be given for a first gate
prise, now on exhibition at 1021 Market st.
A flrst-claes union band will be in attend-
ance. Beats leave every half-hour for the
park. Buy your tickets for Shell Mound.
Don't forget the date, as this Is the picnic of J
the season— Sunday, Auyust 2.
P. DEASY, Ch-irmaa. •
J. CRONIN, Secretary. '
TO the officers and members ii ||»nif_ V
or the RIskts' and Steve- ~nSUFO_ \X. ]
dore«" Union Association — ;3flH~OB?8g~lP
You are hereby notln>d to T" i 1 mt~~' " )
be present at our regular meeting to be- held
MONDAY. July 27, at 7:30 p. rn., sharp. (
Business of great Importance to come before
the association. By order of <
THOMAS F. BRYANT, President
HENRY JEND, Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Spreck*
els Sugar Oomp-ny will be held at th* offlce '
of the company. S27 Market st, San Fran- J
elcco. en MONDAY the 27th day of July.
1903, at the boar of 11 a. ro.. for the pnr-
Pom of electing a beard of directors to serve
for the ens-lax year and for the transaction
of such other business as may ccm« before
the roeetlax. The transfer books will elect
OB Friday. July 24, 1903. rt 8 p. ra.
W. H. H-NN'A-C Secretary. •
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual '
mectlnc of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
efflce of the company, 827 Market st, B*.n
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of
Jnly. IMS. at the hour of 11:80 a. m ., for
the purpose of electing a board -of directors •
to serve for the entulng year and for the -
traneactlcn of such other business as may
cone before ' the meeting. The transfer
bocks win close on Fridsy, July 24. 1003. at
»m W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works — Tne annual meeting of the .
stockholdevs of the Rlsdon Iron and Loco- -
motive Works, far the election of trustees °
fcr the ensuing year and the. transaction of
such other business as may be broyght be-
fore the meeting, will be held at trie offlce
of the company. No. 298 £teuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust, 1903, at 11 o'clock a. ro.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, - sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
AGEXTS WAXTED. j '
THE only authorised life of Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the encouragement, approbation
and blecsing of his Holiness by Mgr. Bernard
O'Reilly, D. D.. LL.D.. who for eight years !
lived tn the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pcpe. This distinguished American au-
. f-.vr was summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer. Ap- .
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons :
and all church authorities as the only of-
ficial biography of the Pope. Over 600
pages, magnificently Illustrated. Published In
English. French and German. Unparalleled
opportunity for agents. Best commission.
Elegant outfit free. THE JOHN C. WIN-
STON CO.. 2-S Dearborn st. Chicsgo. I1L .
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
; Written with the encouragement, approba-
tion and blessing of his Holiness, by Mon-
Fignor Bernard O'Reilly, D.D.; LL.D.. who
fcr •».ght years lived In the Vatican as do-
mestic prelate to th<» Pope. This distin-
guished Ameriran author was summoned to
Rome and appointed by the Pope as his of-
ficial biographer. Approved and recognized
by Cardinal Gibbons and all church author-
ities as the on'y official biography of the
I Pope. Over *>00 pages, magnificently Illus-
trated. Unparalleled opportunity for agents.
' Best commission. Elegant outfit fr*>e. Send
15 cents for postajte. UNION BOOK AND
BIBLE HOUSE. 409 Kittridge building. Den-
ver. Colo.
AGENTS— To sell "Life of Pope L*-o Xlft,"
officlat edition; Mgr. Rampolla. Cardinal Sec-
retary of State, warmly commends It; of in-
tense interest to every reading churchman:
a history of Pop* Leo and a chronicle of
Catholicity during his pontificate; regardless
of creed people will be interested in reading
i the encyclical letters issued to the church
! and the world on religion, marriage, divorce.
! education. Freemasonry, labor, etc.; richly
| illustrated; handsomely bound; liberal dls-
: count to agents: encrmous sale assured; write
: at once for territory and terms and be first
in the field or save time and send 50c for
1 complete outfit, express prepaid. RAND,
McNALLYA CO.. Chicago. III. ,
AGENTS— Only authorized life of Pcpe Leo
XIII. written by the Pope's order. Pub-
lished In Europe 'and America in 6 lan-
guages by the world's laorest Catholic book-
sellers. Largest, handsomest, best, lowest
priced, and only' official book: indorsed by
entire Catholic helrarchy. Catholics will buy
no other. Valuable premium worth $2 given
free with each copy, in addition to magni-
ficent lithograph of the Pope. Unequaled
j opportunity for agents. One agent sold 75
In a day. Credit Riven. Freight paid. i:ate»
cut. 60 per cent profit General agents
wanted on ealary. Outfit free. Special elab.
orate outfit and premium. 10c. MONROE
BOOK CO.. Chicago.
{ DON'T Bell the life of Pope Leo XIII on a
commission when we will enter Into a con-
tract guaranteeing you a salary of $18 to
$30 weekly. Monslgnor O'Kellly'g life of
Pope Leo has the blessing of his Holiness.
Only book with introduction by Cardinal
Gibbons. Published In English. German,
. Frrnch, Italian and othtr languages. We
make no charge for complete canvassing out-
fit We want agents. We will treat you
right srnd pay you liberally. PAN-AMERI-
CAN CO.. Suite 4. 252 Wabash ave.. Chicago.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of Pope Leo XIII.
Ov«r 800 pago*. Nearly 200 Illustrations.
Full account of funeral ceremonies. Books
• on credit: freight paid: special terms. Pub-
' liched in five languages. Indorsed by emi-
inent Catholics. Colored portrait and outfit,
containing 100 illustrations, mailed free. Ad-
dr*ss CATHOLIC BOOK COMPANY. 1017
Chestnut St.. Philadelphia. Ps.
I C _ , .
I WANTED — Man of ability, energy and push as
; general agent for this company writing ln-
i vestment contracts; will e«tablish office anil
! pay liberal ealary and also commission fo"
good man. Write, giving references, expe-
rience. International Credit Co.. Trust bldg.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
BEGIN buxlness for yourself; stop working for
. others. We start you in profitable mail or-
der business at your home. .Pleasant work:
lmmen«* profits; unlimited r>os*lblllt1ee. Full
Information for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
AGENTS wanted— Portrait agents; 16x20 frame,
a-Iae*. back, mat and portrait complete. K. O.
B. Chicago. 72c; no extra for groups.-, CHI-
CAGO COPY CO.. 447 Ogden ave.. Chicago.
$5 TO $10 per cay easily made selling our Per-
fection Flavoring Powders: agents wanted.
Long Bros.. Mfrs.. 050 Broadway, Oakland.
A BONANZA' for. "canvasser*;, every emoker
wants it: .sells on sight; big commissions.
Address box 1493, Butte, Montana.
G. A. R. DECORATIONS — Decollators and
rtreet men supplied: largest assortment; low-
eet prices. 658 Mission Kt.
$30 A WEEK ft expenses to men with rigs to
sell Poultry Remedies. ORWON REM. CO..
Dept. 50. Parsons. Kans.
BIG money selling authentic life of the Pope.'
Best book and terms. Write. Chicago Bible
House. Chicago. ¦ ¦
A BIG business opportunity for u few clever
women. Delearte Corset and Waijt Co., 836
Sutter st. .;
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. t*ERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott bldg.
AOZKTg AJTP 80-.ICIT0_ai WAHTBP.
WANTED— Oocd sgent* In every city and
town In the United States to s«ll diamonds
on installments: .Tontine . plan; known as
Tontlnt diamond contracts;- men to ooen up
new territory as managers In different parts
of the country; contracts run 62 weeks at
$! 2S per week; total paid. $65 for a 1 -carat
¦ clear white diamond, or $100 in gold coin In
lieu thereof; investment pays 60 percent
profit: agents, here ie a contract that will
* sell and one that you can get paid for sell-
iny. Address box S02. Call offlce. Oakland.
- AgTROLOGY.
Astrology taught horoscopes cast Prof. Ray-
mend, bcokit?re ( 649 Ellis. Bf mall if -e;|re_.
ATTORJIBYa AT LAW.
ROBT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
¦ rm. 611;. all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc ; -consultation
free; no advance charges; cell or write;
evenings by. appointment Tel. Red 3601. $
PROMPT attention to all caaes; divorce, estate.,
collections; no fees unices successful; call or
write: eves. Tues. and Frl.; est. 15 yrs. l ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous esses, divorces, probate and all other law
eases; no fees In advance: open .every even-
lng. J. M. THCRSTON. 819 Market at., r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a speclalty;qulck,qulet;
r.o charge without success; established 15 yrs.
O. W. HOWE, 1122 Market Bt. opp. Hale's.
X- S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free;. no fees in advance.
AITKEJC _ AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309- 10-11
Clunie bldg.. 603 California st; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. 632 Mar-
ket st. room gt; legal advice; bank refs.
_J BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. • N.
YOUNG talking parrots,$3 each :German singing
canaries, $2; -we will try to please : r ou:every-
thlng In our line at right prices. 154« Market
BOARPIXO FOR CHIHihEN. ~\~
GERMAN woman -wants 1 or 2 children to
board; ref< given. 612 Treat a.ve.. nr. ¦ 10th.
BUSIKESS CHANCES.
SURE MONEY— BIG DIVIDENDS
CATTLE RAISING. ''
We will take your cattle and raise them
for a share of the profit!, guaranteeing: you
a certain increase.
If you invest your money with us will guaran-
tee you a fixed income, secured' by the best
of collateral. .
Bank rtference.9. Al management,
CAUFORNIA^CATTLB AND LAND CO.,
.-. . 651-661 Hayward bids.
PROSPEROUS hardware and plumbing busi-
ness for sale in a thriving dairy and fruit
irrigated district In San Joaquln Valley; does
$20,000 business annually; monthly payments:
work for 4 men in shop; a gpod ojivwrtunity
for an active man. For particulars address
McAFEE BROS., 10S Montgomery st, San
Francisco. ' »j '
EXPRESS, baggage, furniture, draylng and
storage business, established 10 years; 12
horses. 7 wagons: average monthly business
over $800; profits $160; within 50 miles of
S. F.; 5Cc for trunks; other prices In pro-
portion: owner wishes to retire; price $40C0.
Address box 4019, Call offlce.
FOR SALE. 1
A flne brewery »nd malting plant, consisting (
of building, machinery, barn and wagon shed, I
with about 1 1-3 acres of land, and located on
a prominent corner. For further particulars,
call on or address
WILLIAM ROBERTS. San Lorenzq, Cal.
ROADSIDE house, fully furnished, for' rent; 5 1
miles from Oakland; also private rooming,
and boarding house of 17 rooms, partly fur- j
i nlshed. In town, for rent.
' ¦¦ -, GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
HOW $20 EARNED $3027 IN ONE WEEK.
Get the story from one who accomplished
thk» through our advice, handling his own
money. Write us.
Star and Crescent Co. (Incorporated), 226-228
LaSalle st., Chicago.
A SNAP— $550; good paying chop house and •
bakery »nd candy; a flne place for man and
wife or partners; cheap rent rr.d living
rooms. Address San Andreas, Cal.. box 71. j
THE manager of the Rex Dental Company j
wishes to dispose of the business; good op-
portnnity for the right man. Address DR.
MOORE. 1014 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sate— Interest in machinery manufactur-
ing business; well established: ftopd stock on j
hand: wtll sell for $5000; this i^a bargain.
Box 4214. Call.
WILL pay spot cash for a stock of merchan-
dise, clothing or dry. goods preferred: corre-
spondence confidential. Address box 4U26,
Call office. •_ J ¦ ' .
HALF interest tea and coffee business, crock- ,
ery. etc.; good store trade and routes; about
$2500. WHITTLE, 131 San Pablo ave., Oak-
land. '- , ________
$25 EARNS $10 in 18 days. Write for particu-
lars and agencies. RICHARDS _• CO.. Mac-
Intyr* bldg., 874 Broadway, New York.
FOR sale — H interest in a good mill, with
mill now running, with chance to, work In
mill at good salary. Box 4611, Call office.
PARTNER (German) to buy with "me good,
well-paying saloon: lease; $1250 required.
Address box 4607. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Prosperous tin shop; complete set
of stock and tools. 612 Shrader «.. nr. Park.
$SO0O— SALOON, well located, long established;
good opportunity ;retlring. Mossman, t»50 Mkt.
SHOE store; 85c on the dollar. Drug Etore at
invoice. MOSSMAN. 850 Market at
SHOOTING gallery concession with or without
targets across the bay. Apply 711 Pollt. Bt.
RESTAURANT for sale; business location;
must be sold. Apply 702 Kearny st.
$700 — General exprets business in country town,
close to city, Including 4 horses, 2 wagons, 2
eets harness, etc. > all In first-class condition.
Address D., care International Advertising
Agency. 130 Ransome st.
FOR SALE — Books and stationery, cutlery; sit-
uated on prominent street down town; long
lease: 25 years established. 226 California st.
DRUG store for sale; located centrally in this
city: old established business; modern In sll
itb appointments; sales $-iMX> per month; in-
ventory $11,000. Address Granules, box
, 4223 Call. -*-¦¦.
fSOCO— FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar;
kept by present owner 15 years; doing good
paying rash business; no agents. Box 4014,
Call offlce. , -
MAN who knows the country wants man with
! some money to join him on a trip to Alaska;
references. 445 Eddy st.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store, 19th and Folsom sts,
Ilairdressing parlors ;chee.p: value In slght;good
location; retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7th-8th.
FOH sale — Good paying restaurant, $250. 2723
Sutter tt .
i i - -
AN outside route for salt. Apply Call offlce.
A WEEK'S news for ft cents — The Weekly Cell.
I« pagfH. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
LODGIXG-HOUSE8 FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
6S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
11 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 330
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 650
]_0 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.;apartments;We£tern Add; rent. _5D
Money loaned at 1 per. cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
_ ?; EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$175—9 ROOMS; B furnished; rent $30; 5 sub-
let at *28. on 11th st. ; 3 of the 5 unfurnish-
ed. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
$4750— 70 ROOMS, 2 years' lease, rent $350:
16 rooms, rent : $4R, clears $100, $1500, ., 5
years' lease. MOSSM A N. 850 Market st.
$*75O— 70 ROOMS; 3 years' lease; rent Vi50.
16 rooms; rent $45; clears $100; $1500; 5
years' lease. MOSSMAN, 850 Market St.
BARGAIN — lt> rooms; bath, gas; furnished
complete;' sunny corner; 1 floor steady room-
ers: rent $25; $360 If taken this week. Box
4924 Call" offlce. -
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg.—
• Hotels, Apartment Houses. Flats and
¦ ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LISJ.
$450— HOUSE 12 furn. rooms: piano Incl.: rent
$35; 4 rooms pay It. 1533 Buchanan st.
gPIHlTUALl»M. -
MRS. ELIZABETH HOLMES. 517 McAllister:
readings dally; circles Tues., Friday. 8 p. m.
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance Sun-
day cvp.; 50c. 1115 Post st; 8 o'clock. :
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for ;
$1* $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.: :' .
Professor paul destine, »
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. -
I _o hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or. sweet-
heart is true or false: to tell whom and when
you will marry: in ¦ fact, I . will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He ¦ restores - lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you ' successful . and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medl-
clnt, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. S26 OTarrell st. 326.
MADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
past present * nd future life. 901 Buchanan
st. corner, Fulton; no sign. -.'• .;¦•.,.¦¦, ".
A — Mm*. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 23c up. S 4th St.? near Market
_____«l__i^^-i_^^__HBHHB_l_8RBII
: CLAinVQ VAXT»— Con tin -•-¦• ¦ ¦ . . .
» CASHMIRE.'- ¦ .
ej The Greatest Trance Clairvoyant. Adept or
- ¦ the Ase. » -¦'¦'
She spent much other, time iu the Orient
among the occult workers, .-¦.-¦
Cashmlre' gives truthful revelations of
love affairs, troubles, marriages, family dif-
ficulties and divorces; restores lost affections;
reunites the separated; settles lovers' quar-
rels: tells how- r. to marry the . one of "your
choice; how to, win the man or woman you
love; how to make -your husband or wife or
any one . be kind and true to you. and over-
power all your enemies; cures drunkenness;
removes evil influences.
If you are in trouble of any ktnd. discon-
tented, unhappy or not satisfied in life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, you
will be told how to overcome' them.
• Cashmlre tells all and never asks questions.
The controlling power Implanted . In your
nature by an ancient method. .¦ '¦
Cashmlre teaches her profession to others,
..mediums developed. Hours, 10 to 8.
CiUl and learn what gifts you possess. Low
fe« this week. 1007 Vi Market Bt., between
Sixth and Seventh. » ' ' '
tiME. M. BERNARD.. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant . and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third- st. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals trie
present happenings and portrays events _ to
occur In the future: if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you wHl.be told now to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed read-
• ings by mall. Tel. Black 4560. i
ISMAK. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Sendpostpfflce,
¦Wells-Fargo money order or f e *55r™L Ie JJ*_;
A— MME. PORTER, "scientific clairvoyant and
. card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end sight: tells the past present and future:
ladles. BOc: rents. $1; by cards, palmlstry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 BO. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a ehort time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MME. WALTERS. gTeat card reader; la. 25c;
gent5 50c. 051 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In ctty.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. DU PREE. palmist and clairvoyant card
reader. 118Va Ellis st. room 2.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 44St£ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAJ^ET-^KATlNO^AXp CLE AXING.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpet*, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.: phone Main 5-j7.
I WHEN you become disgusted with your work
| send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-be.t-
j Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st; tel. South 4u.
I CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating:
| mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
. tel. Main 304. CEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden. Oat* ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. V
DUNLAF 'FOOT 'INSTITUTE, 60 Geary— All
I ailments of ihe feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
i .. , _ " . , =
COLLECTION OFFICES^
A^vTc_*7reeTbad^Unants ejected speedily. CO-
i- LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 816 Market:
I tel. Red 618; collections: gen'l law buslness.
1 BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTIOK
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. B580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
< $16 — Rent or for *>ale;bay-wlndow 6-rm.cottage;
«very known Improvement: high basement &;
chicken houses. Owner. 1223 Cortland aye.
6 ROOMS and bath, high basement, yard: new;
sunny; rent reasonable to permanent tenant.
8932 Nineteenth St.; carg.
FINANCIAL.
•WANTED
! A PROMOTER OR BROKER
TO SELL
S1CO.0OO OK STOCK *
In a manufacturing corporation in California,
having an offlce In San Francisco; first-class
reference and evidence of success In promot-
ing industrial concerns required. Address
President, care box 4022. Call offlce.
i COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
j and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
cold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATE3
! MIXING ANTi INVKPTMBNT CO.. 326 Po-t.
j! , FLATS TO LET. ~
I BRYANT St., .T21 — Comer; several flats; 4 and
5 rooms and bath; ?6, $8. $12; apply flat Con
premises.
Flat of 5 rooms; 1419 Pacific st. ; rent rea-
sonable. Continental Building and Loan As-
sociation. .'101 California st. San Francisco.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantaee of this
department; it will save you time and
: trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-.5U Geary
ut.. on the square. '
GREEN. 2815; west of Baker— Beautiful 6
rooms and bath. $23; grand marine pano-
rama; rural and city home combined; open
from 10 to 5 o'clock; Callfornla-Unlon car.
¦ PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C st.. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms. 10 rooms;
$25 to $15; sunlljtht all around; open.
CALL for. printed list of houses and •flats- to
let; something new every day: will flnd what
; you want. LYON _ HOAG, IIP Montgomery.
ELEGANT modern flat. 10 rooms, 2 baths; rent
SfM); Sll Hyde st.. near Sutter. McAFEE
' BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
! ELEGANT new flat 5 rooms, all modern im-
1 rrovements; low rent. 1060 Noe st.; Mission
and Twenty-fourth-Bt. c-aru pass.
A SUNNY flat. C rooms and bath: rent reason-
able. 384 Fell st. near Octavla.
! BAKER, 743-745-747— Lower, middle, tipper
. ' flats, C-6-7 rooms; new; modern; sunny.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7-room sunny cor-
ner flat. 237 Webster st. corner Pagrc
CASTRO. 132A. near Fifteenth— Six beautiful
rooms and bath; Bun In every room; $23.
• FLAT— 3504 Mission st.. near Thirtieth; 5
• rocms and bath, yard; rent only $15.
$.J2 r>0— (iis. H.MGHT st.; sunny 7 rooms, bath
' and yard. | . .
> MODERN' 7 rooms; bath; basement; garden ;
> 1ST>8 Kills; rent £12 50. Inquire 445 Waller.
) NICE 7-rconi flat: new, tinted, sunny; reason-
> able. 447 Broderlck st. bet. Haj>s and Fell.«
TWO new modern upper flats 6 rooms each;
sun all day. Cor. ffwenty-hUth and Florida.
. VAN NESS and UnlSft— 7 and 8 rooms: sunny.
. modern and ur> to date; marine view.,
' TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1807 O'Farrell.
• HOOKER _ LENT. 14 Post St.
• TO let— Flat of 0 rooms and bath. 452 Tehama
• street.
• | $11— COTTAGE of~4 Isunny" rooms, yard^ ID-
: | Rose ave.. bet. Gough and Octavla sts.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
j new; marina view; $25: open.
- i A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
f] subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia «t ¦ - . . .•¦.'.--. ¦ ¦'
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
• CAPP, 014-^5-room sunny flat: furnished com-
t plete; piano, gas and coal range; call bet.
10 and 5. :
FURNISHED upper flat, 7 rooms and batlu
- 2127 Pino st. near Webster. '
• FURNITURE FOH SALE. ~~"
JJ 0 OR 12 furnished rooms for sale cheap. 930'A
, Howard '-t. , ' .
. FURXITUHE WASTED. v ~~
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. ' phone Red 446_
buys, rents, rejaalrs. packs furniture, carpets.
j HELP WANTED— FEMALE.' ,
a A— LADY'S maid and seamstress, $30; a cham-
. bermaid that will sew. $26;^ cook for small
B sanitarium. «35;a laundress and chamber-
- maid, $30; two waitresses for same com-
l merdal hotel, country. $25 each; a flrst-
f . clasn cook, American family. $50; 50 house*
I work girls ¦ for city and country places r $20
» to $35. MISS PLUNKETT - 425 Sutter st..
- near Powell. \ :•-.- \ .-.¦
• A— COOK who " understands German cooking.
3 2 in family. $35. , MISS . PLUNKETT. 423
I Sutter St., near Powell. .
r FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and suits at
i KRAGEN, BAMBERGER CO.* S. 463 Mission.
¦ .-..'Sion st. >.¦ '.. '¦/,. 'v.;i ¦_•¦.:.¦.¦. •....-... ,.¦--• i
; PROTESTANT girl general housework: two
...; adults; -Bmall wash: $20. Box 4233. Call.
•:' .-" -r-?: ¦ „¦ .
HTBLP WASTED— FEMALE— C«_.
WANTED=-Two German cooks, $35; cook,. $50,
first-class American family, see lady offlce
". Monday, ,10 'o'clock; cook. Mountain . View,
"$:-!5; cook; children's home, $40; 13 cook-,* lit -
, tie wash, city, $30 and $35; parlor maid." $30:
4 second girls, $20-$25; 4 nurse girls. $15, $20
and $23; French governess, $25: German gov-
erness, $25; housework, Belvedere, $30. Ross
'Valley $35; laundress, $30; hotel laundress.
. $25; 4 waitresses for country ' hotel, $25; 2
, chambermaids. $20, country; 2 waitresses for
cafe, $8 week, .day off; 2 cooks for ranches,
4 chambermaid-, wait one meal. $2o;
cleaning . woman. $20; kitchen helper, $0
week; nurse girl, sleep home,' and other places
too many to advertise, city and country, $20.
525. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
334 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ ¦¦
WANTED— Trustworthy woman or girl to as-
sist light housework; small family; Sausallto;
good home; wages $12. Send address to ln-
glenook. Sausaltto, Cal.
A — SEWERS to take work home on ladles'
and children's wear. Apply 656 Mission St.,
third floor.
$5 PER 100 addressing envelopes; send dims
for instructions; steady, work. C. E. MIL-
LER A CO.. Ely building. Chicago.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with ireneral
housework: wages $12 to $15. 7 Central ave.
Call between ll^and 2. ¦
$20 PER 100 writing letter* home; .addressed
envelope. Electric Remedy Co. Dept. 101,
235 So Michigan. South Bend.- Ind. ,
YOUNG 'girls to work on light running ma-
chineaa THK JOHN- BOLLMAN CO., 697
Front jst. corner Pacific.
GIRLS for factory work: permanent positions:
- good,, wages: no experience necessary: paid
while, learning. .- Gulf Bag Co.. 70O-711 Front.
A LADT of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478. Parrott building.
WANTED—GIrl for general housework; cook-
ing and washing; small family; wages $20.
Call Monday S526 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work; sleep home; good wages. Monday,
511 A Devlsadero st.
HOTEL waitress wanted. Apply to H.
JOHNSON. Brooklyn Hotel. 208 Bush St.,
between 10 and 12, . • . ¦ ¦ y
GIRL for general housework ; small family;
- must sleep at home. 2320 California st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking.
Writs or apply 1321 Versailles ave.. Alameda.
NEAT girl to assist in general- housework;
wages $18 to $20. 821 Larkln st.
OSTRICH feather curlers and fancy feather-
malcers. Apply HPLW & NATHAN. .
WANTED— A young girl to do housework. Box
4230. Call offlce. -
TRUSTWORTHY woman for position with
wholesale house. Box 424L Call offlce.
YOUNG girl for cooking: and housework; 2 in
family. Flat 1348 Geary st., 9 to 1.
GIRL for' light housework " In small family;
wages $15. 1837 McAllister st.
A 86 SIZE model wanted at KRAGEN, BAM-
BEROER CO.. 463 Mission at.
NEAT elderly colored woman for general house-
work; family of 2 adults. Box 4610, Call.
CAPABLE demonstrator: state business ex-
perlence. > Box 4000. Call.
WANTED — A woman to do general housework;
salary $25. Apply 51 Portola st.
OPPORTUNITY energetic woman connect her-
self med. co.; exper._unneces. Box 4612, Call.
NEAT Protestant girl for housework; wages
$20. Call Monday. 717 Clayton at.
WANTED— A good counter girl at California
Cafe. 19 Powell st.
Fl RST-CLA SS trimmers wanted. MRS. S. R.
HALL, 10 Kearny ft.
FIRST-CLASS makers wanted. MRS. S. R.
HALL, 10 Kearny st.
ACTIVE young woman for collector: Monday
1 to 5. Retail Mer. Ass'n. 997 Market, r. 203.
WANTED — Immediately. 5 ironcrs at National
Laundry. 411 Sanchez st. .
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
housekeeper: 2 in family. 622 Natoma st.
COOK wantfd; wages $25. Call Tuesday (not
before), 2Q01 Broadway; part of washing.
* , . !
GIRLS. FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD !
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES * HARRIS.
. 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 18T3 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OP_RATORS AND RIVETEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR*".
8.U FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS St CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY.
COR. G0UGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS', stay away from the bag factories:
strike on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. 10648.
LADIES wanted to take up our silverware club
offer; nothing to sell, canvass or to write; no
capital needed: the newest, best and most
honorable, genteel opportunity to secure -
handsome SC-plece set of flne table sliver-
ware; latest pattern: prepaid for only $1 60;
illustrated particulars free. The U. S. Silver-
ware Co.. Wllkesbarre, Pa.
IIAIRDREfc'SlX<J, manicuring, massage.' hair
work; remefal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; position-
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdresslng
traJe; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket m., cor. Jones, room 94: positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve.- class ;call
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN — CO..
G5ti Mission st. .
A — OPERATORS wanted-' on ladles' waists:
good wagec: steady employment. 650 Mis-
tlon st. I..MAQNIN _ CO.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and in.
ifants' wear: steady position; good wages. 1.
MAGNIN _ CO.. i*ti Mission st
WANTED.
.WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT:
/GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY. CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION.
CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wa*e».
Apply -California Canneries Co.. Brannan
st, between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment hltrheat wastes. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
. trade taught from i-tart to finish In one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton st.. rm. 13.
GLOVEMAKEItS wanted; experienced stlkers,
'; -banders rind makers. Carson Glove Co.,
123 Second st.
A— Practical Millinery School. esUb. 14 years;
terms ea»y. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 V»n Ness.
FOLDERS— Experienced book folders wanted.
F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
- ' , . ' . i . ¦...--¦
MARTHA KING, call at 2020 Green st.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very urofitsble outing-. for. men,- women and
children. , • Call or write E. ,'» CLEMENS
j HORST CO..,- 122 Battery st. San Francsco.
WOMEN to -ew onbuttons at LEVI STRAUSS
¦ & CO.'S shirt factory, . 3HK --.vmont st ;
; take elevator. See MR. HINDSH AW.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. --.-
WANTED-^-— xperlenced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply 8ANB0RN, VAIL A CO.. 741
Market st.» ' '.. ; ~:
ITALIAN lady. who can speak English wanted
to ¦ travel. > Apply Girls' Directory.- Central
ave. and Waller st
GIRL wanted for general housework and assist
In bakery. -1794 Halght st. ...-:¦¦ .
¦WANTED— Experienced demonstrator: . give
' particulars and salary. Box 4226 Call: offlce
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles* waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43; EUls st - :¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and ] subscriptions
-, . rtceivtd at Call , branch of flee. .2200 Flilmore.
A BRANCH offlw^for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions ". has - been established . at - 1094
Valencia st >|lMnB_fe___HB__B_n_B
: : BEIuP yA^EOrrjjlAL^.^.^-
OPEX TO-DAY.
SUNDAY :
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 63S Clay st.
- PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS 19 WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
: MAN AND MAN.
TOU ARE ALL EQUAL
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1905 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60.0C0 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada,
J*>s Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
' Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. -• Oregon,
San Fernando. Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, Willlta, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double, and machine
men. corner . and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car . dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc.. $5. $4. $3 CO $3, *2 60 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Golnar.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE TOU?
MURRAY & READY.
• 631 and 636 Clay st.
; ______________ .
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 ITALIANS. FREK FARE.
155 GREEKS. FREE FARE.
IBS AUSTRIANS. FREE FARE.
Board -ourselves. Managers at our offlce.
See them.-
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
GOLD, SILVER^ ~ "1
COPPER, COAL, ETC.
156 miners, single and double hand, machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnacemen, etc.,
$00. $85. $75 and found.
38«J laborers' (no experience required), $60
and $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5. Many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
186 drillers, hammers men, laborers, $90, 175
and {00.
THEY WANT TOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$12 and found; fare $2.
For stables. 12 men. $60 to $75.
For farms, 125 men, $30. $35. $10 found.
For orchards. 250 men, $26. $30 found.
For dairies, 63 men, $30, $35. $40 found.
For chores, 36 men and boys, $30, $25, $20,
$15 and found.
For hay harvest, 63 men, $1 50, |2. |2 50
day and found.
3»J FRUIT PICKERS. $20 AND FOUND.
LOOK.
30 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
553 laborer.*, country, $2. $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
* Married Help Wanted.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc, $40, $50, S60. $70,
$30 and found..
MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay st
MECHANICAL HELP.
6S blacksmiths, $3; engineer. $3 day. .
0 helpers, $2; 12 bench hands, $3 CO.
0 carpenters. $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders. $3 50; Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
SPECIAL— 12 two-horse teamaters.
For a large lumber company, manager here,
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634-6TtO Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
. 57 cooks, all over California $SX\ $S0. $75.
$60. $50. S»o, $.» and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
IS waiters. $35. $40.«$30 and found.
86 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and
found.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers, $45 to f 15 and found.
Crisp maker, $10; porter, city store. $10.
Second cook mine $40. also waiter. $3O fd.
Steward $50 found ; third cook.. Eureka. $30.
21 laundry men. -all classes. $IS week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35. » 10. StiO and found.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 COAL MINERS] OREGON. Free fare.
155 COAL MINERS. OREGON. Going free.
FREE FARE. 65 MEN. WILLITS. UKIAH.
TO-DAY.
MURRAY & RCADY. 634-636 Clay st.
FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $r FEE
FREC FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC Ri R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dlst Santa Cruz Dlst.
San Luis Oblspo Dlst Santa Clara DiEt.
Bakersfield Dist. ¦ • Sacramento IMst.
Kln$r City Dlst. Alameda Dlst.
Soledad Di3t. Paso Robles.DUtt.
Salinas Dtst. L'o3 Angeles Coast Dlst.
Los Angeles Dist. Fresno Dtst
Gulnda Dlst. Cordelia Dlst.
Madison Dlst; - Farmtngton Dlst.
Also Hundreds of Different Places on Their
Divisions 'on Every Train.
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY. $2 50.
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc., *CO W"AGES.
SANTA BARBARA— FREE FARE.
25 laborers, MANUFACTURING PLANT:
IT'S GOOD, $45 and found
. ' To-night. To Arizona. FEE $1. To-night.
SANTA FE. $1 FEE. SANTA FE.
- 12 splkers. $2 25, 9 hours' work: 12 track
- men. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
: 86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
" Located in 4 States
Managers Here 2 Territories
FREE— FARE— FREE.
905 laborers, no experience, wanted, $35 to
$70 and found. .
> l«« experienced mill yard men. $40 to $150 fd.
' .'W.'J woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
1 Millwrights and ttlckermen. Tallymen.
1 Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
• Blacksmiths and woodturners.
Barkers and carloaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
: Swampors and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
' Oilers and engineers. Saw filers.
Pondmen. band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
'. Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Shingle packers, also Janitors. Chute builders.
$40. $50. $60. $70. $S0. $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
J 336 woodchoppers, tiemakere, shingle, post.
. picket and box bolt makers, tcols and pro-
i visions found.
1 Big L MURRAY & READY.
Trusts. 634 and 636 Clay st.
I SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT.
MAIL PHONE TELEGRAPH
Cook, sawmill, south, few men. $40 and fd.
• " 2 deck hands, dredgers.
Section boss, lumber company, north. $45 fd.
4 gold miners, boss at our offlce. $82 60 fd.
Woodworker. Fresno County. $.1 50 day.
Chef cook, mine. $70; vegetableman, mine,
* 3 °' BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
Steward. $60: 3 waiter*, same hotel. $T.O fd.
' ";5 lumber pliers, $50 and found, exceptional
good mill.' .
5 laborers, gold mine, boss here, ?60.
Machinist, lumber company, fare $2 00, $90.
Blacksmith, camp, 'city, $50 and found.
. Blacksmith, shop, special good job. fare $1,
$75 and found.
I'horeman, also stableman, ranch, fare $1 50,
$K0 and found.
t Handy man, city, $2 day; 3 wa!t:rs, coffee-
houses. $10 week.
l 16 boys and young men about stores, etc.,
. $10 and $26 a month.
Picture iramer; solderer. $2 75 day; budder,
nursery. $40 and found; 9 butchers, slaugh-
ter-house men. $30 to ?60 and foisud.
. LOOK-,PRIVATE WORK.
12 laborers, board yourselves, $2 tiO day.
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
2 roustabouts, 50c tare, for dredger, $30 fd..
Furnace men for mine, also foreman,. $45 fd.
; Cook." also waiter, 14 people, free fare, sur-
i veylng outfit. ?65 and found.
Second cook, mining town, boss here. $10 wk.
. Steward, hctel.' mining town, bos* here. $00.
" '- 4 laborers. ¦ handle telegraph poles. $15 fd.
• Young man. drive bakery wagon, fare 60c.
• $25 and found. . ,
Stableman, city, dray stable. $1S week.
; Laundryman. city institution. $50 fonnd.
. . Shingle sawyer, upright machines, lumber
company.' $55 and found. \
Painter, institution, near city. $Ji> found.
Steward, mine hotel, north, $50 and found.
" 8 laborers, free fare, across the bay. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st 1
1 A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
1 good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
i SON. 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
¦ DETECTIVES— Every locality, good salary, ex-
3 perlence unnecessary. International Detective
; Agency. Milwaukee. Wls. _""
• APPRENTICE over 18 In- electric, also civil
; engineering: no salary first year. Address
' box 4234. Call offlce. ; ;
" WANTED— A boy on bells and elevator • in
7 family hotel; must have references. Box
1 ;, 4254, Call offlce.
- WANTED— 3 bollermakers; steady employment
, 'to right men: standard wages; state expert-
' gncc ' ' Bo1 423g> Cal1 of flce - -
• TAILOR wanted; a boy with 3 or 4 years* ex-
.' porlence on coats. - C22 Clay st.- room 14.
, e WANTED— Man to solicit for picture frames;
_ 60 -per. cent on- $1- ; 1900 Stockton st.
' ,W A NTED— Young man i to drive a butcher
- i.r- wagon. Sonoma Market 1307 Polk st.
• WANTED— 2 casting chlppcrs at the Phoenix
- iron Works. • Oakland/
tf STEADY boy to work ' In a paint shop and
store. Box 4256, Call -office.
HELP WAyTEP—M ALE— Com.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY _.V..' :
630 SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN— 1191
OFFICE .OPEN TO-DAY— SUNt>AY
S:CO A. M... TO-DAY 8:30 A. M.
SPECIAL TO SHIP TO OREGON
CALL TO-DAY CALL TO-DAY
Oregon Oregon
Oregon
On Columbia River Near Astoria
Near Astoria
On Columbia River Near Astoria ,
No Fak«» No StrtJie
Good Steady Job
This Is the Only Office- that Shtps
..Call and See- Va To- Day; Bl* Crowd Going
Very Cheap Fare _ . .
Very Ch<»*£ Fare
Fee $1 0»> Fie $1 0»>
Big Crowd Going Axe You ?
This Is Company Work
No Discount No Discount
Company Work
WE WANT
75 laborer* ?*»« >v * arnS f'Hind
75 rockmen *3» »nd found
Company Work
Board .«1O a month $1« a month board
Climate and Water Are F-xcellent. . .... . .. .
Come and Go With the Crowd
To Astoria. Oregon
3 beef butcher?. ?70 and found: 2 she»n
butch#n«. *60 and found; boss here; 10 hou— ,
steady Job; south
2 machine miners, south. $00
Call TO-DAY <SirNDAY> and Se» UV
....PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
. . .J52O Sacramento St..
Phone Main lttl,"; Cor Leidesdorff St
FOR sale— Barber shop. 316*4 Third ut. Saa
Francisco. ¦ - - ¦
WANTED— Agent3 to take orders fcr author-
ised "Lite of Pope Peo XIII." Written with
approbation and blesstng of Hta Holiness;
over 6CO pages; elaborately Illustrated: selU
at sight; best terms; books on credit: freight
paid; sample, with full Instructions, post-
paid free on application. Address GloM
Bible Publishing Co.. 723 Chestnut tt, Phil-
adelphia, Pa. ,
WANTED— Energetic liquor salesman having
established family trade; liberal salary and
permanent position to right man; first-clas»
references required; communications will b»
treated confidentially. Box 40-5. CaJL
TRAVELING salesman for Calif, to sell retail
trade; attractive salable line; established
high rated house. Box 17, Detroit, Mich.
WANTED— For country place, a first-class
gardener who thoroughly understands all
branches of gardening and abl* to take run
charge; copy of references required. Ad-
dress box 4210. Call offlce.
GOVERNMENT Civil Service examinations win
soon be held tn every State; full Information
and sample questions free on request Co-
lumbian Corres. College. Washington. P. I.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at Jt per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or crt'aop-jjio
shoes $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Everywhere, hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Advertisln*- Bureau,
Chicago^ _______________
WANTED— An all-round man at the Woodland
steam laundry: wa&res $50 and board; must
be a eood polisher. Address box 218. Wood-
land^ ¦
SPECIALTY salesman for attractive staple lln«
for dry roods and general merchandise trade. •
J. W. BREEN. box 1025. St Louis. Mo.
BOY about 16: extract department; $1 50 start.
Apply PAUL RIEGER. 161 First st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at #1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 W); we pay express rr
mail charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bidg.
FORWARDER wanted who understands finish-
ing. >IYSELL-^Ol£|IN^jCO^22j£Iayj>t.
WANTED— Man to shingle, with a carpenter.
220»J Sacramento st.
WANTED— Hotel cook at New Golclsn Gate
Hotel. 1W Fourth Bt.
WANTED^ — Dishwasher: $15 per month and
found. -723 Suttcr st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 261 First St.. 7
o'clock.
PAYING 2-chalr barber shop; down town. Ask
for H. BAUM. 10S7 Market st.
GOLDEN Went Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation—Male and female help on short no-
tice; 60 laborers. $2 _5 per day: sheep herder.
$30 per month; » waitresses. $25 tn $3O per
month. PARKHURST _ MAUP1N. «
. Drumm st. .
FOR sale^ — A sood 3-chalr barber shop ln> tlie
country. For particulars apply at the Barber
Supply Dept. of the WILL - FINCK CO.. 10
O'Farrell st. ;
GOVERNMENT positions — Examination* soon;
applicants prepared by mall. Writs to Dept.
M.. Polytechnic Business College. Oakland.
Cal.. for free Information. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60: we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted; butcher shop. 2203 Polk St.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in 8. F.
Ba rber School. 741A Howard st
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Solicitors, men or women employed
preferred, write Investment contracts for us:
we i>ay liberal commission and furnish best
contract on the market: we are about to es-
tablish a^ new series hero and want your
help. Write International Credit Company,
Trust bldg.. Los Angeles. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
toot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD —
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO..
740 Market st *
WANTED — For the U. SL Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our 1*'.-
and possessions, and at caval stations la the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 4U
EUls st. San Francisco. Cal.: 222tt N. Main
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra*
men to. Cal.
WANTED — Dentist, licensed, good extractor,
good raDid crown and bridge worker, good
address and habits; permanent ; $30 to $*O
week, according to ability and application.
Schlflman Dental Company. Los Angeles.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at offlce. Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery at. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co. >
TRY our men's shoes at $1 t»lr: foot-fc>rm
shoes at $2 50: we pay express charges. II
Third st, Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. ~°~«J» * a <£
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS .
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Frsnctsco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete and secure positions,
cstalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. K*3 Clay st
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House propr^tor. still
runs Denver House. 217 Third »t;^50 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 80 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men for steamers and saiUnitves-
sels: all parts of the world. W . B. SWEARS,
Pacific Mall Dock: Tel. Bush 4^8.
EXPERIENCED building ana loan men; n*—
'territory^ salary and commission. Box 1£X$.
Call- office. n
WANTED A bookbinder for all round work
In forwarding and finishing-. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL ft CO. 741 Market st
BOY wanted to assist on cakes In bakery.
17»4 Halght st.
EXPERIENCED primper salesman wanted.
MYSELL-ROLUNS CO.. 22 Clay st.
BARBERS— 2 chair shop with lease in Mission,
living rooms: snap. Deckelman Bros.. Ellis st
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age IS years.
6.131 Mission st ;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
5Cc up: soling cheap. 823 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. BuUls. room 40L Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas PostQ.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-70O rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BR ~ rC i H oCfl S* f0 L Catl -^ertlsements and
subscription*^ has been established at 1089
Valencia- st.
A^! U 13c m M!,",i^ 0 'V ""«»>Uy damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. htt^Ut+nA 2d fit.
G^JWc Ur _&°_l!«iJ> f TO , Ie<1 v r*»« waiting; 2So
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. -1st and M.iU,
>c ffi tt - XT — * l 3 * ~X_JCTBXCK_V8.
Locksmith and electrical work*- T •»_-- ._t ~^_~
pair anything. E. J.Schnetller: IlT_cA__2:>M.~ Resnltky, a ; small boy living 'with his
parents 'at 410 Seventh street, would b*en
kllltd yerteiday. by a Harrison-street car- but
for th<! OTOtnpt action • cf th« motorman in : re
leasing the.tendtr. The youngster was. badly
lhaken and' received a cut" on the forehead,
but. at the. Harbor, Hospital. it .was -stated^ that
his- Injuries; were not serious. .' " '-
Saved 5 by Fender.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
V ' Saturday. July 25.
' Stmr Minnetonka. Evans, 4 days from Seat
tle; put In to finish loading. - ; . ' ,
. Stmr Newsboy, Corning, S3 hrs from Grays
Stmr Argyie, Gllboy.*" 8 days 10 hours from
Kahulul. '¦¦¦ - -
¦ Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 15 hours from Al
bion. - * -
Stmr nuth, Batchelder. 57 hours from San
Pedro. ' ' •¦
Stmr Samoa, Madsen,' 15 hours from Cas
par; bound south; put -in to land passengers. ¦
Stmr Montara. Rellly. hours • from Se
attle, via Port Hadlock 80 hours. ' . '
, Stmr j Argo, , Dunham. 24 t hours from Eal
' Stmr Rival. Johnson, 65 hours from "WllUpa
Harbor. ', ¦ . ....
• Bark W. B. Flint, Jobason. 22 daya from
Makaweli. '
., Br bark Annasona. Let. 183 days from Ant
werp- • ' ' - -_ . . -.
Schr W H Maraton. Curtis, 23 days from
Honolulu. . . •
\ Schr. Newark, Relnertsen, "14 hours from
Iversens Landing.
• Schr Antelope, BJorkengen, 3 days 12. hours
from Tillamook.
• .^.. .- .CLEARED. .,._ ..
Saturdaj", July 25.
- Stmr Umatllla. " Nopander, Victoria; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
. Stmr Alameda, : Dowdell. Honolulu; J 'D
Sprecltels & Bros. Co, - •
Stmr; City ot Sydney.' McLean, Panama; Pa
cific ,¦ Mail Steamship Co. f '-• ' •
' Stmr Geo W Elder,* Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad aod'Nav Co.' \
The steadier City of Sydney, which sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports, car
ried cargo for Central America valued at
$26,141: Mexico. $253; Colombia. $22S9; Peru.
$€55; New York. $105,556. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
To Central America— 3054 bbls flour. 57.114
lbs rice, 6S0 gals 176 cs wine. 320 lbs meal.
OS pkgs groceries and provisions, • 46 cs canned
goods. 399 lbs dried fruit, 10 pkgs liquors. 159
gals 18 cs whisky; 10 cs mineral water. 10.es
salmon. 578 lbs spices, 30 gals brandy. 34 pkgs
beer. 11 pkgs~paste, 54- pkgs fresh fruit, 314
pkga potatoes. 58$ lbs tea, 2S pkgs onions,
42.72Q fe»t lumber, 1S7 cs coal oil, 17 pkga
paints and oils, 12 pkgs drugs. 13 kegs nails,
1024 lbs parafflne, 830 lbs copper, 19 pkgs rail
road material, 6 pkgs tank material, 5 bd!»
iron. 31 pkgs dry goods. 63 pkgs machinery,
18 pkgs ship chandlery. 2 'bbls cement. 15 pkgs
rope. r> % bales leather,. 9000 lbs potash, 3 pkgs
agricultural Implements.
To Mexlco^-64 bdls snooks. 7 pkgs groceries
a'nd piovlslons, .2 cs paper, 2 pkgs hardware.
" To Colombia— B60 bbls flour. .4012 lbs sugar.
158 gals wine, 12 pkgs potatoes. 56 pkgs onions,
10 bales hay, 8 pkgs fresh fruits and veget-
ToPeru — 80 v pcs mining machinery. 1 cs as
saying materials. . . . ' ,
To New York— 7S. 731 gals wine. 21.300 lbs
hides 2S49. .pigs lead, 357.357 lbs grease wool.
141 ska horns, 11 bales paper,. 50 cs canned
fruit, 40 bales Junk.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried the following shipments: For Kingston,
Jamaica.: 20 cs canned salmon.' valued at $S0:
Barbadoes Island, 25' cs canned fruit, valued
at $75;', London, 8 "cs shells, valued at $350;
Hamburg," 8 pkgs sh&Jls. valued at $150. "
• The steamer also carried a shipment of treas
ure for Corlnto consisting of $1000 In , goM
coin. :."' ,' j* • '. \--.- *.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The French bark Brlzeux. which mad* port
on Friday, was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat for Europe at 21s. 3d, and the German
ship Slam, now due at this port, has been re
chartered for barley to Europe at 16« 9d. •
The French bark Allc» has been rechar
tered for wheat and barley to Europe at 12s ad.
The low rate Is accounted for by the fact that
the vessel- was chartered Under peculiar condi
tions. By the terms of the charter party one
fourth of the cargo must be wheat, and aa the
vessel carries 3200 tons. 800 tons of wheat are
required. There Is a clause in the charter
party giving the owners the right to carry
ore or other dead weight cargo for ballast, and
In this instance the wheat was considered as
ballast and no freight was figured thereon. The
present going rate for barley to tb« United
Kingdom is 16s 90. The wheat space of the
Alice being deducted, the balance of the space
was let at the rate of 16s 9d for the whole,
which actually reduced the figure to 12s "J,
or 2d les» than the rate accepted.
The ship Tillle E. Starbuck is chartered for
sugar from Honolulu to New York.
The French: bark .L'Hermlte ia free, her
charter having' been canceled; . . .
Charters.
The. German bark Gudrun w«J cleared yes
terday for Callao. Peru, with 672.SS4 feet lum
ber, valued at> $21,713, and 15,408 railroad ties,
valued at $5C90.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Minnewaska at San Diego.
The steamship Mlnnewaska. which is bound
here from New York, arrived yesterday at San
Diego. ..,..- . .
Antelope Has New Owners.
George W. Hume & Co. have purchased ths
schooner Antelope and will' use her In con
nection with their Alaska business.
Alameda Sails.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda sailed yesterday for Honolulu, with pas
sengers and a full cargo. .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. : I Due.
F. H. Leggctt Humboldt Bay I July 2G
Iaqua Humboldt Bay July 28
Acme Sluslaw River July 28
Hero;.....:.. Oyster Harbor. July 28
M. Dollar.... Everett .-...,.» ..July 26
Tltanla Nanalmo July 26
Mineola. ..... Tacoma July 26
San Pedro... "Humboldt ...... .......(July 2«
Eureka Humboldt I July 26
Queen Puget 'Sound Ports I July 26
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.Uuly 26
Phoenix Mendocino & Pt. Arena July 2fl
Westport. . : . . San Pedro July 27
Newburg.". .. . San Pedro ....' July 27
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor ". . July 27
Silesia Hamburg & Way Ports July 27
S.Monica.... San Pedro » JJuly 27
Chehalis Grays. Harbor |July 27
Ventura "Sydney & Way Ports.. JJuly 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports! July 27
S. Barbara... San Pedro |Julv 28
Ccronado. . . . . Grays Harbor .;......>. I July. 23
North Fork... -Hutnboldt . .*....-.. (July 28
Corona Humboldt j... ......... I July 28
Czarina Coos Bay .i. .......... |July 28
Siberia China & Japan- ..:...|JuIy 29
Curacao...:.: Mexican Ports :....... | July MJ '
City Para' New York' via Panama. [July 29
Ramona....... Ban Pedro & Way Ports July 29
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... July 29
Centennial... Seattle A Tacoma -(July 29
Del Norte Crescent City' ..'..... :| July r.O
Santa Roea... San Dtego & Way Ports! July 30
Argo Eel River .Ports ...... I July 31
Pomona Humboldt iJuly 31
City Puebla. . I Puget- Sound Ports.... .| July Si
Claverlng. .... China & Japan IJuly 31
Point Arena.. Point Arena ....[July -31
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. I Aug. 1
Dendcrah..... Seattle ...>¦¦; I Aug. 1
Coos Bay Newport A Way Ports. I Aug. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria. ...| Aug. 3
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom....| Aug. 4
Umatllla Pug«t Sound Ports.... I Aug. 5
San Jose..... N. Y. via Panama.... | Aug. 5
. TO SAIL.
Steamer. '<!¦ Destination. ¦ Sails. - Pier, i
~ July 26.
S.Rosa San Diego & Way.. 8 am Pier 19
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Porto. 4 pm Pier 2
July 27.
N#wburg.... Grays Harbor..., 4 pm Pier 10
B. Monica... Grays Harbor ..,..1 4 pm Pier 2
MonUra..;. Seattle & Tacoma. | 4 pm Pier 9
Argo:... 1 .,.. Eel River Ports....! 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona. . ! . . Humboldt |1 :30 p Pier 19
G W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
pt. Arena... Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
July 28. .1 I .
Arctic Humboldt 10 amJPIer 10
S Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Huroboltit . . .... ... !»•» Pier 18
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 10
lx,thian China & Japan....! 1 pm Pier 11
Coos Bay... Newport & Waj.. 0 pm Pier IV
Argyll...... Nom^dlr^..... ..
Phoenix.... P. Arena & Mnd'no 1 pm Pier 13
J. Dollar.... Seattle * .Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
jaoua Humboldt 0 am|Pler 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbvr.... 4 pm Pwr 2
-¦.¦ .'. July 30.
Corona...... Hum'joldt ....;....: 1:30 p Pier 19
State of Cal. San Di«o & Way. 9 am P er 13
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
\4 . - • • July 31* . i '• * i*
North Fork.. Humboldt ...I 9 amlPler - 2
N. Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pi«r 40
Nevadan.... Hnolulu St. Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
-••¦*. • AnROXt 1. • • > ¦ . ¦
Ramona. 1 ... * San Pedro &~Way. 9 am Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pm 2*
Newport N. Y. via Panama 12 . m Pier 40
- Aufitnst 3.--.- ¦ --. .
Centennial.'. Seattle tc Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Anunst-J. •¦ * -, .;......
City' Puebla Pugtt Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 0 pm Pier 16
• • Anirnut Sir'" • *| "-
Dcnderah... Hamburg & \}£*f:V. > JPIcr —
Ventura.... Sydney &~ Way...[ 2 pm|Pler 7
,'"' : FROM SEATTLE.' '$.?
*-' ' - "¦ — — .
Steamer. . . For. I Sails.,
Dolphin... ».'• Skagway &. Way Ports.|July 28
Nome City....- Cooks ; Inlet <& Way Pts July 2»
CltyTopeka.. fckagway A. Way Ports.|July <H>
Meteor. ...... Nome & St. Michael. . .[July 31
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael... | Aug. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.| Aug. I
Attec. ....... Nome |Aug. 1
Cottage City. . Skagway ft Way Ports. lAug. 3
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 4
Koanoke Nome & St. Michael. ..| Aug. t
Al-Kl., Skagway & Way Ports. | Aug. 4
DiriEO... Skagway & Way Ports|Aug; 4
genaicr Nome I Aus. a
Bertha. Cooks Inlet ft Way PtslAug. 7
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Aug. 7
Receipts of- Produce.
. FOR SATURDAT. JULY 25.
Flour, q'r sks... 16,175]Hay, tons ...... 8C2
WhMt, ctls .... 623|Wool. bales : ... 45
Barley, ctls .... , fi,10C|Quicksilver, fisk 49
Oats, ctls 2,373 Pelts, no. 133
Corn, ctls 12f KldJS.-no... .3,97^
Rye ctls ...'.-. '131- Leather, . rolls. ..'• 10K
Beans, sku .... " 104 Tallow, ctla .... 212
Potatoes. «ks . . ¦ .' 551 Wine, gals .... 78,000
Onions, nks..... 565 Lime,, bbls ...... 89«
Bran, sk» • l.*"5 Chicory, bpjs . . ', 25
Middlings, sks. . 44B Paper, reama. . . 635
Sugar, ctls ..-..,; 1.000 , ..,'•¦ .,.'•
Movements of Steamers.
• The schooner William Bodwen. which arrived
Friday evening 31 days from Honolulu, was
released' yesterday afternoon -from quarantine.
She brouxht 21.S59 bags of sugar. The Bow
den has not been In this port for man}* months.
Released From Quarantine.
United States Coast aad Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of HJglt and Low
Waters at Fort Point, cntraace to San
. Francisco Bay. Published oy ctfl.yal au
thority of the .Superintendent. .
' NOTE — The high and tow waters occur *t
the city front (Mission. street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lat«sr than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is -the same at' both places. -•
:-¦ - ... SUNDAY, JULY .'26.'. . - '.
Sun rises 5:07
Sun sets .............7:25
Moon sets S;47>p.- m..
0 . Time , Tlm«l ' Tlihe Time
* Ft. 'Ft. Ft. Ft.
, ? ' H ,W L W . - H .W . L. W
26 0:06 6.0 6:36—0.8 1:38 5.5 6:61 JTl
27 1:00 5.6 7:20— 0.3 2:15 6.6 7:52 1.0
28 2:02 5.2 8:06 0.3 2:59 5.7 8:58 1.7
20 3-08 4.7 8:56 0.9 3:43 5.6 10:00 l.tf
30 4:16 4.3 8:50 1.5 4:32 '5.6111:11 1.3
3L. .5:31 4.1|10:46 2.0 5:25 . 5.6| (
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day, except 1 when there are but three, tides, as
sometimes occurs. The. heights given are tn
addition to the soundings of tha United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the
mean of the lower low waters.
* W. -Wright,' who. A the Harbor- Hospital gav»
his addreaa as Twenty-fourth street, between
Bryant and York, ¦" took a dive" into the bay
yesterday from "fols'qm-street "wnarf. "The vic
tim of delirium 1 tremens, Wright left a Mission
street car to avoid a: blue monkey, which, he
claimed, scratched his (Wright's) ear every
time the conductor rang up a, fare. The mon
key followed him. he told the hospital attend
ants, but could not .overtake him aa long as he
headed due oouth. At Folsom street, however,
a. green ostrich > and a blua ;tlgar .with pink
claws blocked his way and he bad to take to
the water. ; ;-"'¦'
Dives to Avoid Pursuit.
\Th«.City of Sydney sailed yesterday for Pa
danut' and* way jjorts. with" twenty Chinese and
cabin Dacsenxers, as follows:- •¦ '•
M. 'B.' Meyer." F: J. Murphy. Mrs. A. Mur
phy. E. Cheney, F. Nbalkftn, A. Rlcci, T. F.
Hrssslc. H.' H. Hjint. Mrs. M. Martin. M. E.
Kuhna, J. L..,BeU, E.' Paclieco.. I." Lewin, I.
Perer.'H. Schroeder and "Rev. W. E: McBath.
-City of Sydney- T>eparts.
Son, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,'
July 25. 1003. : :
Th« time ball was not dropped to-day. Me
chanism under repair. ' J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge. !
Time Ball.
. Ger. bark Gudrun. Karaten. Cillaoj-W B
Grace & Co. « • . -.
BUtn Inagrard. Schmidt. Honolulu; Wlilianu.
Diroond & Co. . . : . ¦ .
SAILED. ¦ , : : .
' Saturday. - July- 23.
- Stmr D«l Norte, Gre«n, Cr««cent City.
. Btmr Pasadena. fUsmussen,- Meadoclno.
Stmr Samoa. M&dsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdcll. Honolulu. - '. \
. Stmr ¦ Umatllla, Nooander, Victoria. ' *
Stmr Olympic. Har.sen. Fatrhaven. -', ' •
Stmr Laelanaw. Monroe. Tacoma. • .
Stmr Brooklyn. HUslr.s. Fort Bra?s.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama, etc
Bktn Chehalls, Simpcon, Coos Bay. :
Schr Columbia, Sprague, Eureka, in tow
stmr Olympic. ; • :
Schr Alona, Fry. Port. To-wnwnd,
SPOKEN. : •
June 19. lat 25 N, Ion 22 W, 'Br ship Bea
Dears, from Antwerp, lor San Francisco".
• June 20. lat 19 S. Ion 30 W. ; Fr bark' Taxis.
from Hamburg', for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jaly 25. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W.' velocity 12 mtlea per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. • . .
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 25— Stmr OluAalU.
for San • Francisco; stmr Cpronado. for "San
Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out July 25— Br, *tmr
I Mlowera, ¦ frvm Vancouver, for' Sydney: Jap
1 stmr Shioano Maru, from Seattle, for China
and Japan. - ' -
EVEKETT— Arrived July 25— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence July 20 and sailed for Seattle.
MARSH FIELD— Sailed July 25— Stmr Acme,
fox* San Francisco. ¦ ¦ ¦
Arrived July 23, noon, stmr Alliance, hence
July 22. and sails at midnight for Portland.
EUREKA — Arrived July 25— Br barlf Adder
ley, from Newcastle, Aus; schr Compeer. 'from
Redondo; stmr Corona, hence Jaly 24.
Sailed July 25 — Stmr Eureka, for San .Fran
cisco; stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 25— Stmr
Santa Cross, tor San Francisco; «tmr Coos Bay.
for San Francisco.
Sailed July 25 — Stmr Ramona. for San. PedTO.
TATOOSH — Passed ¦ out July 25— Bark Sea
King, for Plrte.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived' July 21— Stmr
Sequoia, hence July 20. •
Sailed July 24 — Stmr G C Lindaaer. .for. San
Francisco. Juty 25 — Schr Comet, for. Santa
Barbara; brig Lurltna and stmrs Chehalls and
I Coronado. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed July 25— Schr Cecilia
Sudden, for Grays Harbor. . . :-,
MENDOCINO — Sailed July 25 — Stmr Phoe
nix, for San Francisco. J
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed la July. 25— >
Schr Borealts, from Shanghai.
Arrived July 25 — Schr ArieL from TVhatcotn.
- ASTORIA— Sailed July 25— Stmr Despatch,
tor San Francisco. - : . "'» •
Sailed July 25— Br ship Arctic Stream, for
i Arrived July 25— Schr Ethel Zane. Crcm. Saa
Pedrol - '
REDONDO— Arrived July ZT> — Stmr Fulton,
from Mendocino.
Sailed July 25— Stmr Newburj. for Saa
TACOMA— Arrived July 25-^-Stmr Tremont.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed July 25-^Bktn En
core, for Sydney. •-
- PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 25 — Br ship
Glamls. from Victoria. • ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived July 25— Stmr Edith.
Arrived 'july 2t— Stmr South Portland, hence
"sailed J«ly 24-^Stmr • Aberdeen. . for' Saa
Francisco. July 25— Stmr Eureka, for Nome;
Jap stmr Shlnano Maru. for "Yokohama.".
WESTPORT— Sailed' July 24— Stmr Gualala.
for San Francisco. ¦ -*¦':•¦'" ¦ - -
SAN DIEGO — Arrived July 25— 6tmr Mlnne
v.aska. from New .York., . ••¦¦_.
Sailed July 25— Schr Americana, for Eureka;
stmr Marshfleld. for . ¦ • • *'
WHATCOM— Sailed July 25— Schr Ariel, for
Melb ° Urne * ISL..ND PORT.' . ,.-
HONOLULU— Sailed July 24— Bark Mohican.
for San Francisco; bark Katulanl. for Saa
Francisco. rTO RT. . , ¦[
BOSTON— Arrived July 24— Br stmr Ettrick-
Uale, trom Manila. i'.;»! : . '".
FOREIGN PORTS. .
GUATAQUIU July 24— Br stmr Cumba!.
from Coronel. refused entrance by Board oi
SHIELDS— Sailed July 23— Fr bark Edmond
Rostand, for San Francisco. . . _ -
TALTAI*— Arrived July 19— Ger bark Palia*.
'veNTNOR— Passed July 23 — Br ship Thla
tlebank. from Antwerp, for Pngat Sonnd. •
TSINTAU— Sailed July 25— Schr El Dorado.
f °H0NOK0NG— Arrived .prior to July "25— Br
stmr Keemun. from Tacoma; stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma-
OCEAN STEAMERS. * .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 25— Stmr ' Ara
bic for New-Tcrk. ¦ -¦-•••' ,*
CHERBOURG — Sailed July 25 — Stmr Moltke.
for New York; atmr Bremen. 'from N«w York,
via Plymouth, for Bremen, aad proceeded;
•tmr New York, for New York.
r HAVRE— Sailed July 25— Stmr La Touralne,
! for New York.
• SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 25— Stmr New
York tor New Tkjrk. via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed July28— Stmr Lucanla.
for New York. - - . •
Arrived July 25— Stmr Mayflower, from
torrs «tmr Sylvanla. from New York. : *
.LONDON— Sailed July 25— Stmr Marquette.
, for New York. • s -!'
¦ - BRHMEN— Sailed July 25-^-Stmr Gross«r
Kerfurst. for New York, via Cherbourg.
•-ROTTERDAM— Arrived July. 85—Stmr-Noor
dam. from New York.
Balled July 23— Stmr Statendam.. for ' tTew
York. ' '
ANTWERP— Sailed July ¦ 25— Stmr Zeeland.
for New York. •
NEW YORK— Sailed July 25— Stmr Mlnne
tonka, for London; stmr Eurjirli. for Ham
burg; stmr Vaderland, for Antwerp; star G*
lumbla, forjGlassow- " . ~. -¦..,;"
Launching of .the Medjidia at the
Cramp Shipbuilding Yards.
PHILADELPHIA, July 25.— In the pres
ence of a distinguished gatherfng of dip
lomats, foreign and American naval' offi
cers and prpmln'eqt chlaens of Philadel
phia, the Turkish cruiser Medjidia. the
first warship ever built here {or the Otto
man ' empire, was launched to-day . at
Cramps' ¦ shipyard. The sponser 1 for the
new ship was Mrs. Edwin S. Cramp, and
the 'baptism was an- evasion of the Ko
ran's teachings, turned into a graceful
compliment to the American people. The
Koran forbids a Turkish woman partici
pating In a .christening, at. which wine is
used. The difficulty was overcome by the
selection of an' American womkn, MVs.
Cramp, to break the bottle on the bow of
the seaflghter. . . • . t »
In 1900 Ahmed Pasha, chief engineer of
the Ottoman navy, came to this country
to examine the American system of naval
construction. As. a result of his investi
gation the Turkish Government contract
ed with the Cramps Shipbuilding Com
pany for the construction of the Jtfedjldla,
which is of the protected cruiser type.
SUITAN'S NEW CBUISEK.^
The Mongolia was Qrig^na^ty" intended
for the Atlantic. Transport Company, but
was purchased by the" Facjflc MairSteam
shlp Company^ The dimensions fit the
new steamship are: Length. 615" feet 8
inches;' breadth, 63 feet; depth. bV feet 3
inches; indicated horsepower. 12.CX»j;~ speed.
IS knots; displacement, 26,512 ton?; gross
tonnage. 13X00; passenger capacity— first
cabin 350, second cabin 6». stperage 1300.
When laden" she will dVaiw' 33 feet of wa
ter. ..-..,
The Mongolia is constructed wholly of
steel. ¦ . '
Mis3 I^ucy Bell Kennedy of Pl.ttaburg
christened the Mongolia, ,The list 'of In
vited guests was large. . . "C.''
CAMDEN. N. J., July 23.-The steam
ship Mongolia, built for the Paclflc* Mail
Steamship Company, was launched to-day
at the! yards oi the New JeraVy ShJpbulld
ing Company. The Mongolia 13 the sec
ond largest ship eve* 'bdilt tn tMe "Cnited
States. She Is to' be used in the Philip
pine and China trade. Her sister" ship,
the Manchuria, : will be launched iii Oc
tober. ' . ..'•"" .'¦*.. •
Howard G. Holme*; chief engineer In
charge of the) marine construction work
of the San Francisco,' Oakland and San
JOse Railway Company. Is, authority for
the statement that the new ferry service
will be In' operation by September 1. The
new ferry steamers San Jose and'Terba
Buena are all ready for, service and" the
spacious-new depot. on the other side of
.the bay is practically completed. Air that
is delaying the Inauguration of the ser
.vtee fa the subway,, which' wijf be finished
very shprtly. * -„ '
. ."Twelve minutes," says Holmes, '"is the
schedule time- for crossing the water. In
transferring' froni boat to cars passengers
will be required, to. walk only -forty feet.
This will not be the only difference be
tween,the, new ferry and • the Southern
Pacific system. In'the new line the paa
serjg^rs" will be kept strictly by them
selves. and , will not. have to dodge freight
laden trucks and other vehicles.' From
liere to Berkeley the- "existing schedule
will be cut down at least twenty minutes
and with the installation of the new ser
vice the people of Berkeley,, Alameda and
;Oakland will soon- find" «ut that we are
offering them-: strictly. 'up-to-date trans
portation facilities. . :
Service Will Save Berkeley
; Residents Nearly Twenty •
Will Ply Between San Fran
cisco and I*orts in
the Orient.
Steamship Mongolia Is
Launched at Camden
: Shipyards. : /
Engineer Holmes Says
Boats Will Run by-
September 1.
MAMMOTH LINER
FOR THE PACIFIC
NEW FERRY WILL
SOON OPERATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
1 The. name "of . the :; ncw^ floating., drydocks,
hitherto referred to a« the ? C<nter-^r>et. dock*,
haa : »cen changed to Sixteenth-street drydock.
Change of Name.
43
'¦_„ 3VTARBIAGE.. LICEI-'aJES.^.^
•'The fulloxrins-niarriage licenses •were Issued
yesterday: •¦ ¦¦¦'¦ ¦¦ ¦ •¦ • • -..-
Michael Stack, 38," city, and Lizzie Oman.
24. city. " : • • . '.
David Bernstein, 21, 1766 Sutter street, and
Fanny Cahn. 21, 1766 Sutter street.
James White. 27. city., and Nellie F. Rodg-
ere. 20. . • : ¦ •
Arthur A. Schoos, 24, 14 Bernard street, and
Lucle. Deruette. 24, 14 Bernard atreet.
Henry L. Wemel, 27, 3117 Pierce street, and
Lottie Wassku. 23, 3001 Fillmore street;
Alfred J. Sinitnonds. 24. 13S0 Halght street,
and Beck!* Falk. 22, 1317 Masonic avenue. .
Robert J. Robinson. 27. corner First and
Folsom streets, and Sadie E. Clark. 24. 270ft
Tfhama street. '
Harry S. Irwin, 22. city, and Elizabeth Ken-
nedy. 21. city. -. . : 1 '
Charles Schwarz, 27. 212 Chattanooga street,
and Rcsalle Heine. 23, 1633 Fourteenth avenue
south. - - . - ,, ¦ ,-.
John T. Robert*. 36, 64 Serpentine place, and
Olive Erickson. S7, 64 Serpentine place.
Eugene D. Gordon, 27, Vallejo, and Rohdie
M. Tingle, 22, Vallejo.
Thomas II. Kinpsley, 38, city, and Margaret
E. Hosford. 27. city.
Hans C. Therkelsen. 36, . Pleasanton, and
Anna . M. Oxsen, 34, Pleasanton. '. >
Arthur J. Fltzpatrlck, 33. 3027 Twenty-sec-
ond street, and Nellie B. Nelson, 23, 1315 Lar-
kin street.
Hal M. »7illi*ms. 28. 1812 Geary street, and
Wllhelmlna S. Schrader. 28, 1S12 Geary ttreet.
Wallace M. Gould. 25, .1450 Nineteenth street,
and EsthT Smith, 10, Vallejo. .- i
Jerry B. Lambkins, 20. 2 Dawson place, and
Alice H. Wilson. 22, 2 Dawson place. i
Ernest A. Crowson, .22. 1406 Folsom street,
and Merle Clayton. 19, San Jose.
William McCranney, 31, 111^ Minna street,
and Jennie Thlrlwell. 34, 111*4 Minna street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAgES— HEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
•• . , BORN.
ALLEN-^In this city, July 20, 1903. to the
wife of Arthur Allen, a son.
BARTSCH— In this city, July 22, 1903, to the
wife of William BarUch, a daughter.
BOYLAN— In this city, July 18, 1903, to the
wife of Edward Boylan, a son.
CROWLEY— In this city. July 24, 1003, to the
wife of Caleb Crowley, a son.
DEHMEL— In this city, July 19, 1903. to the
wtfe of Carl Dehmel, a daughter.
HALLINAN— In South San Francisco, July 12,
1003. to the wife of Nathaniel Halllnan. a
daughter.
HEEGLAR— In this city, July 4, 1003, to the
wife of Luis Matthew Heeglar, a daughter.
MARSHALL— In this city. 'July 24, 1903, to
the wife of Henry Marshall, a daughter.
MATER— In this city, to the wife of Aug. F.,
Mayer, a daughter.
MAYER— In this city, to the wife of J. P.
Mayer, a daughter.
MERRILL— In this city, June 14. 1903, to the
wife of Archie Merrill, a eon.
NICKELS— In this city. July 20. .1903. to the
wife of F. J. Nickels, a son.
RUNYON— In this city. July 15. 1903. to the
wife of Sharpless Runyon. a daughter.
STEUNENBERG— In this city. July 19. 1903,
to the wife of Lieutenant George Steunen-
berg (formerly Cordle Wetjen), a daughter.
TOBRINER— In this city, July 25, 1003. to the
wife of I. Tobriner. a son.
WOEPKE— In this city. July 12. 1903. to the
wife of Fred H. WoeDke, a eon. - , •*
~^ marbiedT
ANDERSON— LUND— In this city, July 23,
1003, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, C. A. An-
derson and Marie Lund.
CAMPBELL— SPOONCER— In this city, July
25, 1003, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
George Walter Campbell and Eltha May
Spooncer, both of San Francisco.
LESTER— McNUTT— In this city. July 23;
1003. by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. Ber-
nard William Lester of Santa 'Rosa. Cal.,
and Eleanor McNutt of Ean Francisco.
MURRAY— O.UIRK— In this city. July 8, 1903.
by -the Rev. Father Barry of St.- Patrick's
Church. WMllam Murray and Mary Quirk,
both of San Francisco.
PETERSON— SUTTON— In this city., March
22, 1903. by the Rev. J. A. McAullffe, George
O. Peterson and Minnie D. Sutton, both of
San Francisco.
THERKELSEN— OXEN— In this city. July 25.
1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans C.
Therkelsen and Anna M. Oxen. - •
TURNER— LACEY— In this city, July 22,
1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. 'Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Alfred JoseDh Turner and Gertrude Lacey,
both of San Francisco.
WHITE— RODGERS— In this. city. July 25.
1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, James
White and, Nellie J. Rodgers, both of Ban
Francisco. ' * ' ?' _ .
_____
Baun, Catherine Prince, Charles O.
" Boone, Charles. T. Rapp, John- K. .
Bostrom. Mary II. .- Rice, Harvey
Boyl?, John. • :• . Rudy, "Adellno'C.
Carroll, Michael .' Russell, James
Connor, "John " Sand's, Eloiso t r
Crowley, William SchoenhoU. Sol
De Groot. Peter Shortall. Thomas
Oardella, Giuseppe Smith. Isaac P.
Hanley, William H. Strel. Louts* M.
Hooper, Mary E. Thompson. Wm.'
Klevesahl, Ernst Trefts, Edward C.
Klinge, Reglna " Veltch. Kate A.
Lowfy, Russell R. Vukovich, John, G,
McCarty. Gertrude Walker. Christopher
Nellis, Margaret A. Ward. Gertrude M.
O'Nell. Lizzie Whlttam. Matthew
• Ortman, Thomas Yuemura, K.
Poett, Sarah Zollinger, Henry
BAUN— In this city. July. 24. 1903. Catherine,
beloved wife of the late Jasper Baun. dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Frances Martin, Fen--
ton and Gregory Courtney and Jasper and
May Baun. Elster of Mrs. Margaret Walsh,
and sister-in-law of Mrs. M. R. Courtney, a
native of Sklbbereen, County Cork, Ireland,
¦ aged 67 years and 1 month.
C-TFrlenc!* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), „ at 12:30 o'clock, . from her late
' residence, 40G7 Eighteenth street, near Cas-
tro, thence to Holy Redeemer Church for
cervices at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy, Cross
Cemetery. A requiem high tpass will be cele-
brated Monday, July 27, at Holy Redeemer
Church for the repose of her soul at 9'
o'clock. Friends aro Invited.
BOONE— In this city. July 25, 190.7, Charles
T., beloved husband of Helen L. Boone, and
• father of George,, Marie. Mildred and Charles
Boone, a native tt Lancashire, Pa., aged GG
• yeais 3 months and 14 days.
BOSTROM— In this city. July 22. 1003. Mary
H., beloved wife of Peter Bostrom, and
mother of Mrs. Lizzie Janes, Mrs. Bertha
Nelsen and Charles GleMer. a native of Ham-
burg, Germany, aged 52 years 7 months and
7 days. (Eureka. Cal., papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .services
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at . the
parlois of Craig. Cochran &. Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkln
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BOYLE— In this city. July .25, 1903, John, be*-
loved husband of Nellie Boyle, son of Mrn.
Mary Kenney and the late Thomas Boyle,
and brother of Edward. William, Charles
• and Fred Boyle, Mrs. O. Burke, Mrs. J. Jen-
nings and Mm. II. Fairbanks, a native of
Maine, aged 40 year* 4 months and 22 days. •
CARROLL— In this city, July 24, 1903. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late Susanna
Carroll, and father of Lyda and Genevieve
Carroll and Mrs. C. H. La France, a native
of Ireland, aged 78 -years.
(E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday).' at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 753 Cole street, thence to St. Agnea
Church for services. Interment private, in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOR— In the City and County Hospltsl
July 24, 1003. John Connor, a native of New
York, aged 7C years.
CROWLEY- In this city. -July 24, 1003, Wil-
liam, infant son of Caleb and Mattle Crow-
ley.
DE GROOT— In this city, July 23, 1903, Peter
beloved husband of Juliana de Groot, grand-
father of Mrs. Hirry Zitsch, and great-
. grandfather of Anna Zltscb, a native of Hol-
land, aged 61 years 10 months and 4 days.
Pa,, papers please copy.)
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervlees
to-day .tSunday). at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 297' Pennsylvania avenue, corner
Eighteenth street. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. '
<
|[L_-___--r._--_ l - HE ' L_.?Z_-_Z~f i
g OFFICE: 91 6 MARK ET sV" j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
* ' (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr?
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
¦ . . Funeral Directors and Embalmera———.
. . Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 86o MISSION. Tel. South. 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. \
F. J. Monahan, President.
IvlOINAHAN & COiV
:. .-..-•¦?:':..: • ¦ .- (Inc) ¦»¦• -i 1 -: '..¦.-. \.-. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
osm.UJUt Ul«lnii •»/¦¦ '-Talonhons, Mlssjofi 31.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Pnforo.
i A.A.— City Boom . Renting Agency*
1104 Market st_, cor. Turk and Msrket sta..
Rocms 3 and 4." Phone Jacsle 447L
TREE i'. FREB
We locate you free of chars;*
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeptnc Rooms or ¦ Hotels.
A— HOTEL NKTHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN' 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 260 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A ASHWORTH
820 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOMS EINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
SUX IN ROOMS ALL DAY.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per eight, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth ft.)-Roc.rns, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
tl CO to S10»week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 6 room apart-
meets for hkpr.: strictly mod.: elec. elevator.
ASH ave.. 220 — Large sunny front room, bath
and gaa; near Van Nees ave.
A LARGE furnished rocm for. 1 or 2 gents;
- bath: running water;_references. 8S3 Post st. •
Bl-CHANAN, 15.13. near Geary— Sunny fur-
nished rooms. $5. $G month; adults:
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single: also furnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
DIAMOND 819 — Two unfurnished rooms; In
rear; f 8. l '
EDDY. 46S — Nicely furnished sunny rooms; ?S
and up.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice sunny front room; also
smgle room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to-fl 50 nirht: Z2 to >6 week: reading-room.
HYDE. S15 — Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man In private nou*e.
HYDE. 1028, corner California — Clean,' sunny
room; gas; suitable for gentleman; $6 50.
MASON. 217— Neatly furn. rooms; quiet: rc-
epectable: board optional. Tel. Howard 2003.
MASON. 303H. near O'Farrell— Upstairs nicely
furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 871 — Newly furn. sunny rms.,
central; quiet; tel.; baths; moderate.
PAGE, 15, Ardeil— Furniyhed rooms, $1, $1 25,
$1 50 week; front housekeeping suite, $3.
POST. 726 — Sunny furnished front rooms. $14
and $12; single rooms. - $5 and $6; bath.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-,
lcr: rooms ptr night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to JS; month. IS to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STEVENSON. 522. bet. Sixth and Seventh-
Large nicely furnished sunny front room;
gratf; $6.
SUNNY bay-window ¦ front room, bath and
phone: suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: In
Western Addition. Box J. Call branch office,
300 Hayes rt.
EUTTER, 1531 — 1 -large furniehed front room
with private bell and telephone.
TO LETT — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern Cat; with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts. : north
clde cf Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
bave references. Box 13. Call office.
1URK. 416. Reglna — Beautiful sunny suites &
slrgle; latest lropts: lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st,. near Market
— 400 ' clngie and family rooms; 35c to $1
Birfct; (1 75 to $6 week; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room: free bus and -baggage.
VAX NESS ave.. 619 — Renovated; handsoma
canny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
WEBSTER, 53 — Furnished rooms' to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient an<4 respectable; 700 rooms;
S.'c to tl 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1089 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any addrass In- th*
United States cr Canada one year for tl.
ROOMS A.>D BOArtp.
A^~~~~ """* a7rJLIE~HALl1
1603 FRANKLIN ST.. SW. COR. FINE ST.
PLEASANTLY SITUATED. • SELECT
BOARD FOR LADIES.
Young ladies from out of town who" wish to
pursue their rtudies In the city will find ex-
cellent -accommodafns & care; refs. required.
MISS E. D. FORBES. 1605 FRANKLIN ST..
BOARD at a cozy, prettily situated ranch, close
to city, perfect climate; no children: being
high and dry; rpeclally adapted for those suf-
fering from rheumatism or lung trouble. Ad-
dress box 84, Sunol, Alameda County.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Etrictly 0rct-c!ass family hotel; sunny rooms.
suit* or tingle: billiards: steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boardlng-
hous«; rooms single or en suite; deslrabl* lo-
cation: all conveniences of home.
OLD Eteveneon Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California et. — Attractive in*
terior: exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA, CC6. between Hayes and McAllister
—Rooms. $5 up; board $3 50 per week.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell st.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; refs.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receit-ed at Call branch of flee. -2200 Fillmore.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established at 1096"
Valencia st
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED^
POLICE officer wouH Ilk* room, with partial
board, near Polk and Washington sts; room
not over $7 per month. Box 4238. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN seeks home German famll>;
central: cheap. Box 4229. Call office.
STORAGE! AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard St.. near Third: phone Grant 1CL
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flc« Post and Powell gts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchah-
disc 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Etorare: advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st_: phone Jackson 2SL
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Msln 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIXO MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES
$15 t>0 drop-bead oak, guaranteed: second-hand.
$6 to $15: some nearly new; 00 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
St.. bet. 5th and 6th: phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary tt. : phone Main 750.
SPKCIAL XOTICES.
THE following children ha%'e been received at
the Ean Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission St.. since last publica-
tion of came: Albert Halght. half orphan,
ape 7 years; Martha Eleb*. half orphan, age
JO -yearr; Robert Siebe. half orphan, aga 8
years; Flora Slebe half orphan age 6 years
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
Ladles! Chichestrr's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o :
stamps for particulars. "Relief for. Ladles,"
in letter by return mall. Ask your- druggist.
Chichetter Chemical Co.. Phlladelpla. Pa.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
tnent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Edly tt.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERIJfC.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
_T YPE WRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^?*
veil better machines for leas money than any
hoote in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exctsnge. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
roaiery «t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
W«b«ter Typewriter Irupec Co.. 209 Sansoma.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IC07ICE of Dissolution of Copartnership — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
t-tyl* ot 'lolden' Gale Dredging and 'Reclama-
tion Company, doing buctneek in- the city
ar<i rturty of San Francli.cd, State of Cali-
fornia, i* thm day j;.-tn.\f a by mutual con-
sent, MARSHALL C, HARRIS having pur-
<b&f«d the entire Interest cf -WILLIS U.
WHITTER in the concern. "
Dated WILLIS G.WHITTER. '
JU!y 17. 100.1. MABRHATJ. <»: HiRRIK
< TERSOSAL?-»CBBtlmie<.
A—FACIAL ELEMIfHES P.EMOVED.
V'rinklf h. yellow and flabby F k1n. Itrthmarks,
isniat:j)ox pittingf nnd scars scientifically re-
ii. red vatlymt cuttlnr. mat**s*. electricity
cr medicine :rp*c!al demonFtratiens this week.
. « all or write DK. L WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
What '-hysirlan* anj patient* *ay filx>ut
Dr. Xvuiiams' treatment.
SAN JOSE Cal.. July 23. 1903.
A vnysical exsmlnaticn of Mrs. V. P.
MrC-iW-. who has had one sloe, of her face
t^stf.j by Dr. Wllliamf. w&p found to be
fft* ironi wrinkles, freckles and of a youth-
ful, healthy i>ir.k comr-lexicn and a liealtliy
!uft<»r to the eye while en the otfttr side of
the face rem&m-d wrinkle*, freckles yeUo»-
= n<j Sabby. ; -,£,:v tissue above and below the
ey*. » r .J no lutttr in the eye.
C. H. HE.1VKT. M. V.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 14, 1903.
Dr. Williams' treatment is really wonder-
ful. I find my deep l:n«= end wrinkles have
tiiEsrppared. in? fk'.n rmooth snJ my
'¦yes ere stronger ar.-l better, ana aitogetner
1 hav« a different exrre.'flMl. J ?^ -
KAN PBAKCISCO. July 3. 190X
Tovr treatment for the eiadlcatlon of Jeep
wrir.kle*. yellow ajid fla»:by skin is Indeed
Teuvarkabie. My Kkin is *ctt and clear
v.-h*>re rreviously it had been very bad. I
wish to concratulau- you upon your Rimri*
natthod. l shall always remember you with
£t«.tltuce. S -,Jv
SAN FHANCISCO. July 3, 1903.
Have just finished treatment, fcr the re-
newtl of the fkin .-ui<5 cannot ii^ak too
hifthly or his remarkable ability. The re-
t-ult is so entirely satisfactory ana pleasing
and the inconveniVr.ee <=uch a mere trifle any
one contemplating the treatment should have
. no fear or euS^rir.g any r«'" whatever.
MISS A. M. S.
Original coi.-lef a:id addreoses ht office.
FHTE1CIAN" i5~>^ars' experience, cures per-
r.-.ar.er.tly rr.crphine. cocaine habit, call cr
acfiress C*r.:ral Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
comer gutter *t. : lee moderate.
GILBERT DARKLY <'f England is requested
to report at the Vcung- Men'e Christian Asso-
ciation Mils. £an Francisco; news of Im-
portance from home.
H.PIES — If in need write me for remedy,
¦rfalch 1 nave use*! ar.d found «afe. sure and
reiiabl*. MP.S. D. GREEN, 130 Dearborn
et.. CirActpo.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Euscay cvei.ings st Teutosla Hall. Howard
*t.. tiear Ninth; management Prcf. Foster.
AT ics* than cost, uncalled for suite, overcoats
c.r.d titmserf. at CHARLES LTONS*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT cu'.ts on ea«y Installments: 60 cents
ar.d up per week. LEON LEMOS. 112T Mar-
ket rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
Bt"KEAV of Practical Information — Formulas
a-d fidjicM fcr everything. Room 12, 331
KeerV.y st. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles p«ron. removed
by electric needle. Mifs Dudley. 1702 Market.
JKUE5TER, the Hair Doctor. J152 Franklin St.,
Oakland; ail defects; cause, cure, for stamp.
tUITS to order on trutallments, tl per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tallorc.727-72d Market.
ALL styles balrc.res?1r.g. 25c: hair froodc; manl-
curing 2&c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOH-MADE eult $7 60; drees pants 12 60.
Mltflt Clcthlng Parlor, cor. Bush and Pnpont.
irPERFLUOUS hair and raoles removed by
eiectrle r.eecUe. Dr.&Mr».Traver«e.ll70Market.
UASQUHRADE corivvnrt. play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFP.EDVM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
t-.a'r to its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
ftl'iTl niHWtl fca'.r t moles removed with elec-
tric r.eeCJe. Mrs. & Mlfs Eaton. 1118 Butter.
VARJCCSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Csl! or writ* fcr testimonials. Dr. WILL-
I/.MP <T>. 140 r>«rv rt . K. F.
_^ PA.LJIISTJY.
5!\D\M PHVAS. ic'.ent'.flc pa'.niltt and attrolo-
riet. Ornce. 2(3 Liebes bldg.. 139 Post «. : $1
•¦aim refciir.r a gpecla'ty: open Tuesday yve.
PATEn»AXCi\G. PAiyTI\G. ETC
i'.OCMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Kartirarn Pslrt Ca.. "18 3d St.: tel. Main 411
PHYSICIANS AXD MTtGEOXS.
CR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Olflce anJ residence.
:vC1K- Mirk^t St.. bet. Sixtn and geventa.
IXJJ'JVED — r>R- WONG HIM. *ierb doctor;
treats a!l tf'.teases cf the human tody; for
l-ast fcur i-ears at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
fated st f.C7 Geary tt.. near Leavenworth.
,!.•». TO.V'J PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI P»
Tai herb decter- cure* all disease* of human
by use of l.er^ and teas. 727 Wat hlr.gton st-
i'.lsOCV tnd rectal diseases a specialty.
VR. BALL. :CS7H Market st.
UONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
€?.f-e* cured by Chinese herbs 7«ft-8 Clay st.
PltOPEIlTY WANTED.'
BOC68 with large lot, cot over $1000; north
"f Market st. : not too far out: others from
fS'iiM or up. MOSSMAN. &5O Market st.
KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT MayScwer; cut rates cow for rummer. 308
re tt. ; i~- up; also beautiful roorr.3 $1 week.
LLEVKNTH, l'*>— Two sunny furnished rooms
* lor housekeeping.
FELL. 22S — Sur.ny front con. suite, furn. for
housekre; $16; bath, gas range; adults.
1TXL, 1071— Part of a handsome 5-room fiat,
furnished for housekeeping.
FOLSOM. £34— Bay-window anS kitchen, $3 25
per week.
GOLDEN GATE ave. 1004B — Two cunny con-
necting houtekeejMng rooms with water.
GuLDEN GATE ave.. 14f4— Large room for
light housekeeping; 5S.
GOUGH. 706 — 1 cr 3 ucfurn. hskpng rooms;
sanmy corner; Quiet: cdults; call 1 to 3.
LARGE frost, sunny, bay-wlndo^r room with
grate, pas. use of kitchen bath and tubs.
Box J. Call branch office. 300 Hayes st.
HAYES. 1656, opposite park — Suite cunny front
rooms ; gas, bath; $10 up; also cingle.
HERBERT (The) — Eunny apartment* for
housekeeping; ft* ranges ; Just newly fur-
ctehed. 1S30 Polk ft.
JESSIE, S33 — 2 separate s'Jrmy front rooms,
furnished ho-^sekeeping: $10. $12 each.
LARKIN. <2\ — 3 runr.y furnished rooms for
hikjg. ; gas rang*; complete. $27. 2. $17.
LILY ave.. 12. off Franklin — ft rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping or will
r»r.t 2 or Z rooms to euit tenant.
MISSION. 6C1. near Second — 2 sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping ; also sunny back
• rocia. use of kitchen.
MIESION. 1*17— Large furnished sunny suite
' fcoutekeeplng; gas range; other rooms.
'gTOCKTON. 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nlEhed; front housekeeping rooms; phone,
»j.s, batb.
IIIIRr.'. llo — Puncy housekeeping rocme; com-
plete fror.t firtt floorr front phone.
THIRD 4 ISA— Pleasant, tunny front room and
kitchen; ee-t gtove; reasonable.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubtcriptlccs has been established at 1094
Ve-lencla *t.
ROOMS TO LET— Fern, and Cnfnrn.
K ~~ GRAND ARMT OF THE REPUBLIC.
"""ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1803.
' The Committee on Hotels and Accomtioda-
' iiens cf the Grand Army c: the Republic
. fc" arranged
With the
C1TT BOOM RENTING AGENCT.
1J04 Uarket «t.. cor. Turk and Market.
Hocnos Z and 4. Phone Jesele 447L
To act with th« Committee tn locating
~\ Uitr.rs to the Encampment, in private
reticences, boarding and rooming houses.
Hcuaeholdcn dteirtng to accommodate vUlt-
cr» fcrfc requMted to notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to offer. NoDe but
• thorcufTAly reep^ctabie houses will be listed,
end ths tatae- will be subject to Inspection by
a representative of tb% Agency, and ia aU
cates niUSt be approved by the G. A. R.
Ccmnslttee of Management before visitors
' will be a^irned thereto. ¦
A— TllZ AUDITORIUM HOTEU
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY 6T.
115 AND 11" EDDY 8T.
" MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWX 1OWN; ICO ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: KLECTRlC
LIGHTS: t-TEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
>UITS WITH IJATH. 11 M TO S M PER
• DAY: EINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1: HOT
• WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
- -COUTH 1041.
A EEVENOAKS HOTEL
,-i COR. EUfH AND TAYLOR STS......
• ..;: t-\s >rancisco
MRS. NELLIK HALSET J- K. FOtlTEK
NEW AND MODERN FIRST-CLASS RESI-
DENTIAL *• TRANSrENT'HOTEL; SUNNY
ROOMS. WITH PRIVATE BATHS; L»NG-
. . INSTANCE TKLEPHONE IN EVERY
J ROOM: ENTIRE HOUFK HEATED BI
feTEAM; ELECTRIC ELEVATORS.
A HOTEL ET. AUGUSTA............
• BOTELfiT* AUGUSTA
k«s oeary eT.. ..;..-.
. : : Kid GEARY ST
. . .STEAR TAYLOR ST.— PHONE EAST 061..
¦ Contain* 100 lurxt cunny rooms, single. and
«riTUlte; also bathrocn suites: electric light*:
- »)ectrlc elector: stetrn heated; European
¦-~>!*h: firft-clafcii service; moderate rates;
• itbtnt- in every room.
GARDELLA— In .this. city;' July 24, 1903; Glu-
• — neppe -GardeHa-.-rdearry- beloved- husband- «f-
Juaqa .GarUella, and beloved .uncle, of Frank
Gardella, a native. of. Italy, aged 60 years 11
months and 6 days. • >'
Cj^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral Monday.
July 27, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 11-13°- Lafayette place, between
Greenland Union,'' Dusont. and ' Kearny
streets, thence to 'Sts. Peter and Pati Vs Ital-
ian Church, where a requiem high mass will
¦ be celebrated for the repose of hts soul, com-
mencing at 10 'o'clock.- 'N. E. — The funeral
cortege will start from. Sts. Peter and' Paul's
Church at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.' Pleaee omit flowers. ,
HANLEY— In this': city. July 25. 1903, "Wil-
flam Howard, beloved con of David and Rosa
Hanley,* aged 1 month. ' '
HOOPER— In this city. July 22, 1903, Mary
Eleanor Hooper, beloved wife of John M.
Hooper, a native of Ohio, aged 70 years 8
months and 24 days. • , .
KLEVESAHL— In this city. July 23. 1803.
Ernst William, beloved. husband of the late
Sophie Klevesahl, and father of Emil, Henry,
Minnie, Fred, Julius and Sophia Klevesahl.
a native of Germany, aged 74 years 5 months
and - 14 days. A member of Germania. Lodge
No. 1718, K. of H.. and Concordla. Lodge
No. 122, I. o. o. F. .:: /¦ - • *•
. lETFrlends find acquaintances are ' respe'et-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at- 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 15 Twenty-eighth . street, near Guer-
rero,, and. thence, to the Odd Fellows' Hall,
corner Seventh and Market streets, where
funeral services will- be held at 1 o'-clock un-
der the auspices of Concordla Lodge No. 122,
•I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress. Lawn Ceme-
¦ tery. - - <-,-.- . -.....-.
KLINGE— In this city, July 24. -1903. Reglna,
beloved wtfe of ' the late William Kllnge,
mother of Henry Spellman and the late Mrs.
L. Adler, and sixter of Mrs.. M. Reuben and
Mrs. B. Greenewalde.of Bavaria and M.
Ilirsch Of Sacramento, a native of. Bavaria,
aged 74 years .9. months. and 11 days..' ' -
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respee;-
"fully- Invited to. attend the funeral -.Sunday,
' July . 20, 1SI03. at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 468 Hayes street, thence for lnter-
nient to Home 1 of • Peace Cemetery by . car-
riage.
LOWRY— In'Napa, July 24. 1903, Russell Rob-
ert, beloved son of John' E. and Ph'enella M.
Lowry," beloved brother of 'Charles G., Her-
,bert G. and -Forest D..- Lowry. and beloved
I nephew of D. Daniels and Margaret. Wil-
liams, a native of Santa Rosa, aged 22 years
• -2 months and-. 1 day. -«-.-.i-^ y ¦¦.,.
(H7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' . fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, July 27. 1903, at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 515 Oak street. Interment
private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McCARTY— In this city, July 25. 1903,' Ger-
trude E., dearly beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Francis -P. McCarty, and sister of
Theobold M.. Alice E.. Beatrice M., Eveline
<}.. France* M. and Carmellta G. McCarty
and Mrs. J. M. Crowley, a' native' of San
Francisco., aged 18.jears. . ¦• ... , \
ICT'Notlce of funeral hereafter. . . ¦¦ * : .
.NELLISr-In this city. July 24, 1903. Mar-
• -garet-A., beloved wife of. the late Dr. C. S.
Nellis, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. G. and
the late Captain Reddy, and, sister of Kath-
erine and Lillian Reddy and Mrs. . H. K.
Develey, a native of San Francisco. . .
CSTrlenda are respectfully, invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 1027 Filbert
' street, thence to St. Bri«rld's Church, where
a solemn . requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. ¦ Interment" Holy Cross
Cemetery. - •- - ; — -.— - - - ¦• •'•¦¦
O'NEIL— In this city, July 23. 1903 ( Llzsle.
beloved wife of the late John O'Nell, mother
of William, John and David O'Nell, and sis-
ter of Mrs. W. II. Nolan and the late Annie
F. Lennon ami John and David Donahue, a
native of Boston. Mass., aged 42 years 11
months and 23 days..
• C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 12:45 o'clock. .from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, for .services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . " '
ORTMAN — In San Rafael. July 24, 1903,
Thomas Ortman.- husband of ' the late Ade-
lalne Ortman, and father of Galen B... George
E. and William H. Ortman and Josephine
Elnore, a native of Hancock, Md., aged St
years. ' • - ¦'¦
¦ ¦ ICT" Funeral and Interment private.;
POETT— In Santa Barbara, July 22. 1903,
Sarah Poett. sister of Alfred Poett and Mrs.
J. <H. Redlngton.. . ...
PRINCE— In ' Halfmoon Bay, .Cal... July 23.
1903, Charles G.,-- beloved -son of .the late
Charles Jl. and Eliia. M. Prince," and be-
loved brother of Mrs.B. "J. Horn and Louis
D. Prince of Honolulu and Fred M. Prince,
'a native .of San Francisco, aged 30 years 3
months and 23 days. .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted .& Co.. 946 Mlsslonastreet. Inter-
ment . Cypress, Lawn -Cemetery, by .11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Remains at the parlors of Halsted
& CO. r£Z*a •-
RAPP— In Son Ma teo, July 24, 1903, John
Frederick Rapn, brother of»George A., Wil-
liam and Henry Rapp, a native of New York,
aged 53 years 4 -months ! and 19 days.
RICE — In Los Angeles, July 25, 1903, Harvey
Rice, beloved husband of Jennie Rite, son-
in-law of Mrs. R. Samms of this city, and
brother-in-law of E. H. Davis, attorney for
.the- . Harboc Commissioners, a native of
.,, Cleveland. Ohio.. ,, , . " :....
JE7"Body' will be shipped East. ' '¦
RUDY— In this city. July 24. 1903. Adeline C.
Rudy, dearly beloved wife of Edward Rudy,
beloved daughter of slames . and -Lena Cole-
man, and niece of Mrs. Mary Slater, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 25 years 4
months and 23 days. (Seattle, Wash., and
Santa Rosa papers .please copy.) ¦
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 27, 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner.ft Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission . street, between I
Eighth - and Ninth, thence to St. Rose'a
Church, Brannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where • a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of Aer eouI, com- '
mencing at 9 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, July 24. 1903, James.
' beloved husband- of Jeaslc Russell, and father
of Mrs. Christie of Bentcla, Cal., a native of
Scotland, aged 74 years 8 months and 24
days.'
C3*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. . 957 Mission street, , thence
by 11:30 o'clock train to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery ' for . Interment.
SANDS— In this city. July 25, 1903, at her
residence, 1404 Polk street, Elolse Sands,
.etepdaughter of E. 'L. White, and beloved
sister of Mr*. G. W. Taylor and J. R. and
. C. F. G. Sands, a native of Virginia City,
Nev.. aged 23 years 2 months and 29 days.
(ETTrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at Zlon
A. M. E. Church, Stockton street, between
Sacramento and Clay. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery- - •
8CHOENH0LZ— July 2r>, 1903, Sol, beloved
husband of Ida Schoenholz, a native of Gcr-
• many, aged 50 years.
ICTFuneral ar.d Interment private.
SHORTALL— In San Rafael. July 23. 1903,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Short-
all, and father of E. P.. Mary A., Thomas
J., Gertrude, William L.. anil Angella, It.
Shortall and Mrs. J. J. Hayden, a native of
Cashel, County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 62
years 0 months and 29 days.' ' A i member of
Hercules Lodge No. 63, A. O. U. W. .
CGTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 20, at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
• of Mrs. J. A. Ledden, 1711 California street.
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. July 19, 1903. Isaac Platt
Smith, beloved brother of Albert C, William
ar.d George E. Smith, a native of New York,"
' aged '58 years 3 months and 20 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Sunday. July £6. : 1903, at 10 o'clock, at the
chapel of • Charles . H. J. Truman & Co., 1900
• Mienlon street, between Fifteenth- and Six-
teenth. Cremation I. O. O. P. Cemetery.
STREI— In this city. July 24. IDCtt, at her resi-
dence. Louise Marie, dearly beloved daughter
of John H. and Louise M. 'Strel. and sister
of -William E., Alfred J., Dorathea A.. Lil-
lian N.. Edwin H., Violet L:, George A.
and Grace Strnl and Mrs. T. Hyland, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 years 4 months
| and- 8 Jays. £1 — «> •.-. <
"' ( C7"Interment. private, Sunday, July 26."
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July ••»;. 1003, "William Thompson, a na-
tive of N*?w York,: aged 63 years.
TREFTS— In Stockton," July 24, 100.1, Edward
. C, belQvid. husband of .Mary .Trefts, .father
of Charlotte and Lucy Trefts, son of Mrs.
Lucy Trefts and the late Jacob Trefts, and
brother of A. J.. K. E. and C. E. Trefts, a
native of Johnstown, Pa., aged . 41 ; years 2
months and 4 days. - - • ,¦ < >
Ity Friend* and' acquaintances are respect-
fulny Invited to attend the funeral * to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple.' South San Francisco, under the au»-
ptcen of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
F. i und, A. . M.- Interment k Cypreso Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage. •
VKITCH— In -Broekway.; Cal..( July 19. 1903.
Kate Arciaeh. beloved daughter of -Richard
I M. and Zellah .Veltch, and sister of 1 1. Ed-
ward Veltch, a native of | Newark. " N. J.,
aged 14 years 0 months and 20. days. • i
. . IcyFrlendu and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to ; attend the funeral, services
. to-day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the family
residence. 1069 Summit street. Oakland. In-
.terrnent private.'". ,;.'.. :
VUKOVIGH— In this city, July 23, 1903, John
G., : beloved ' husband of -Lyda* J. Vukovich
(nee .Collins}.'* father, of Anseline Vukovich,
and brother i of Nikola. Mita.'. Duean and
'Milan Vukovich,- Mrs. LJubo Milojlvlch' and
• Mrs. Peter S. Setencich, a native of Dubrov-
• nlk.. Dalmatta, aged 32 years. A member of
Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. Society; Sla-
vonic Illric M. and B. Society.- and _ Seal
, Rock 'Court* No. 45.' Foresters of.Amerlca.-
" E7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fiiUv- .Invited to "attend .the funeral -.to-day
We extend our heartfelt thanks to all our
dear friend* and brother members of Call-f
fornla Lodge No. 634. W. of the W.; San
Francisco Lodgo No. I, O. d. H.' 6.. and
Vereln Deutscher . Foerster, who so kindly
sympathised with us In tha death of our dear
beloved husband and father.
- MRS. J. CHRISTERN..
CARD OF THANKS,
(Sunday),' a$ 11 o'clock.' - from . his late resi-
-dene^-iait- W«Wnrt<m-.-'street.--thence --to-
Greek- Rjissian Cathedral, Powejl street, near
Filbert,, for services, g . Interment Servian
Cemetery." by> carriage. -''"¦-"'•' - ' : r ;
WALKER— In this city, .July 24. 1903, Chrls-
* '¦ topher ' Walker, - beloved f athetv of Mrs. , J. J.
• Smith." a'- native of Dublin.- Ireland, aged 74
years;- • v .:.'. ¦¦ ¦ ' - -- ¦..<':. ••
•¦;¦¦' CT Friends a.nd acquaintance* are resppct-
- fully 'Invited'* to attend th* funeral, to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from, the parlors of
", the United Undertakers." 866-Mtsslon street,
..'.. between Fourth . and iJ'ifth,'" thence 8 to St.
Rose's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross -Cemetery. ••
WARD— A solemn requiem month's mind mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the • late Gertrude ,31.' Wart to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at St.. Peter"* Church.
Alabama atreet; Friends and ' acquaintances
. are - Invited to attend. . . . -
WHITTAM— In this city. July 25. 1903' Mat-
• thew, beloved. husband of Frances O. .Whlt-
, . tarn, and stepfather of i-Mrs,^ Nellie 8. -Han-
cock of New York City, a native, of -York-
shore, England, a*ed 73 years 10 months and
.' 3 days.-' • .--¦¦ - , •' — " ..¦'¦¦¦ "• ". ¦
CTFrienfls and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Golden Gate Lodge ¦ No. 3, Knights
of Pythlae, are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the' funeral services to- morrow (Mon-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the chapelof Charles
H. J. Truman A Co.. 1909 'Mission street, b«-,
¦ tween • Fifteenth and ; Sixteenth.- Interment'
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
YUEMURA— In the City and County Hospital..
July 24. 1903, Kameklche Yuemura, a native
of Japan, aged 40 years. -
i ZOLLING ER— In the City^ and County Hospl-
. Ul, July 24,. 1903. Henry Zolllnger, a naUve
of Switzerland, axed 62. sears.;PALO AUTO, July 23. — The Assessor of San
ta Clara County completed yesterday a. list
of the a«»e68ed valuation of the six incorpo
rated towns of the county. San Jo«e stands
first rrlth a property valuation of $ 13. 454, 800.
while" the town of Palo Alto has- taken a
phenomenal leap from third to second place,
now leading Santa Clara by nearly a third of
h million dollars. The figures are: Palo Alto,
$t.674.723: Santa Clara. $1.361. MS; Los Oatos.
SS50.220; Uilroy. #677,105; Mayneld. about
$3C0,CC0. S
Santa Fe to Run Specials.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 23.— W. J. Black,
general passenger agent of the Santa Fe.
announced to-day that the Santa Fe
would run seven special trains to Cal
ifornia on account of the National En
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public. Stopovers will be allowed at
points west of Denver. Passengers not
wishing to make any stops may take the
California Limited.
SUISUN. July 25.— Two cars of fresh fruit,
mostly pears, left hero yesterday for London.
making a, total of six cars consigned to the
world's metropolis from this point this season.
The condition of fruit for shipping this sea
son la exceptional, very little having been lost
In transit.
_ Immense placer deposits caused by tho
flow of subterranean streams from ad
joining hills hav« placed much valuabi*
metal In the earth underneath the city.
BAKER CITY. Or.. July 23.-Workmen
who have been digging a sewer on Center
street struck water at a depth of fifteen
feet to-day, and in the gravel brought
forth by the stream gold In paying quan
tities was discovered. The water, with its
valuable deposits, has been pumped out of
the ditch all day long and curious pass
ers-by examined It. .*"*=«>
GOLD IS DISCOVERED
ON CITY THOROTJOHFABE
Street Workmen in Oregon Strike
"Water and Some Precious
Metal.
the water company that the water pipes
were expected to arrive from the East in
fifteen days, when they would be put
down on- H street and the boulevard at
once. _ The Pacific Gas Improvement
Company, having signified intention to
supply gas to th*» residents of the dis
trict, signatures were obtained agreeing
to' use and pay for gas when brought
there. Mr. Malley stated that the streets
surrounding the blocks now being graded
for Sol Gets & Son will be macadamized
at once if the other property-owners ad
joining said land consent to the work be
ing 1 done. The president .of .the club. Mr.
Fitzgerald, stated that the United Rail
roads Company had surveyors out ¦ set
tjngthc grade stakes preparatory to the
lowering of the car tracks on H street,
near the ocean. On motion a committee
of three was appointed to interview Post
master Montague for the purpose of
establishing a sub-postofnee station and
placing mail boxes on the corner of K
street and Forty-ninth avenue. Notice
was given that the change of name of the
club from Ocean Boulevard to Oceanslde
Improvement Club will be discussed at
the next regular meeting. ,,..:
The brick building now. in construction
at th« • northeast corner , of Larkin and
Hayes streets will be Increased" In height
to fivo stories.
¦O. ;T. Ryland will build a 1 three-stor>
building on the southeast corner of Bush
and '*. Webster streets, which will cost
f25,000.'-;. ¦ ' : '
Wolf Fleischer has leased . to Alice
Wardner,, through the agency of Speck &
Co., 'a frame structure, to contain clghty
two^rooms on ' the <_ west line of Octavla
street. 87:6: feet south from Geary, for
ftvcjyearjj at a monthly rental of .$451 U*.
. Owing; to many Important measurea to
be taken in the interest of the Oceansldc
district, ;a^ special meeting -of the Ocean
Boulevard \ Improvement Club was . held
last ; Friday night. • •/
. ApetitionHo be presented to the Police
Commissioners, protesting against tho
granting, of liquor licenses for any addi
tional , saloons on .the Ocean boulevard or
In i the '.diatrlct, was i read ¦ by! Mr." Herzogv
every member, present appending his ', sig
nature } thereto. -'.'- Mr. Campbell; reported
the' statement: made ' by ' II. Schussler of
A three-story and basement building
will; be erected to . contain flats on tho
northwest corner, of Geary and L.aguna
streets. r . - -*. -
The Balrd estate will place a- new five
story and basement business building on
the north line of Mission 'street,' eighty
feet cast from Fourth, to cost $50,000.
A two-story parochial school 'will- be
erected on tho north lino of Alabama
street, 104 feet north from Twenty-fifth,
at an expense of $24,000. . ¦
A seven-story and * basement) building
will soon be erected by the owners. of the
property on the northeast corner of
O'Farrell and Vpowell streets, to cost
about $60,000. ' .
evening for this city. He has been mak
lne a tour in Europe.
Easton, Eldridgo & Co. -will auction
realty on Tuesday next. . On the sale
catalogue are the .following mentioned
properties:
Two stores and four flats on the south line
of Pulton street. 84 feet west from Buchanan,
with lot 27:6x87:0 feet: bulldlns lot 00x50 feet
on., the west line of Flllmore street 40 feet
south from Chestnut; two new flats and lot 2S
xl20 feet on the west lino of Wood street. 125
feet south from Point Tyibos avenue Nos.
135 and.l.TSA; lot H2:6xl«2:« feet Including
right of way of allpy running 73:7 feet
through to Jackson street tho property being
situated on - the west line of Leavenworth
street. 112 feet north from Jackson; two-story
bay-wlrdow house ' an<l lot 25x75 feet on the
north line of Taylor street. No. 1020. situated
112:6 feet west from Taylor street: building
lot on the west line of Eureka streK ,24* feet
south from Seventeenth. 40x120 feet; building
lot on the north line of Day street 130 feet
west from Church 25x1 1-t feet; lot 108x100 feet
on the east line . of Florida street 123 feet
south from Eighteenth, with cottage and sta
ble; flats at Nos. US. J18A. 11SB and USC
San Jose- avenue and lot 37:6x75 feet; lot 28 -6
xl03 feet and four-room . cottage on the east
line of Noe street, 85 feet north from Twen
tieth. ¦ t
The sale will take place at noon at 633
Market street.
time in Austria, Hungary and Scrvia. In
the last country he was present at the
time of the assassination of the King and
Queen. • .
F. B. Surrhyne lias returned from a trip
to. the Big: Meadows, in Plumas County.
He was absent several weeks. -
A.' J. Rich started from New York last
L<ot 60x120 on the west line of Ninth avenue,
200 feet south of N street, to George XV.
Bishop; lot 25x120 on the east line of Tenth
avenue. 225 feet routh of J etreet. to Ida M.
Reed; lot 32:6x100 on th« northwest corner of
I etr«*t and Forty-seventh avenue, to L. Cole
man;, lot 32:0x100 on the northeast corner of
I street and Forty-seventh avenue to A. I*
Piper; lot 2Sxl00 on the south line of II
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son, made during the past week:
OUTSIDE LANDS.
outside land*, block 424, to Isaac Uebes. for
$1020; for II. O. Meyer, the lot on the north
'ideof rolnt Lobos avenue SZ f«*w£t of
Twenty-elKhth avenue. 78x125 feet. to_ U. *i~
Gardner, for *18OO: for Catherinf! Murphy, the
lot on the east side of Church street. -.« feet
ncrth of Twemy-necond. 28x125 feet, to F. S.
Mohaupt. for «1O75: for Mary W Lo%eland.
the lot on the southwest corner of Larkln and
Greenwich etreets. 4«xD7 feet, to .Mrs. J. fa.
MccVinley. for $5000; for W. S. Mitchell, the
lot on the north side of Paise street, west of
Ashbury. 25x127 :«. with two-story flats, to F.
Urpman. for $7.'i00; for Freda O. Hhumate.
the lot on the south side of Futter street, 65
feet west of l>evlsadero. 60:0x113, with old
frame dwellings, to A. Abrahams 1 , for $6000;
for II. G. Meyer, the lot on Point I/oHos ave
nue, north of Twenty-eighth avenue, to Cora
V. Heaney. for $^5O; and for V. J. Roeng. the
lot on the northeast corner of Chestnut and
Leavenworth streets, 25xS7:6, to C. S. Ander
son, for $5000.
street. 82:6 feet west of Forty-sixth avMiua.
to Charles Nellson; lot BOxlOO on the north
line of I street. 107 :« feet east of Forty
seventh avenue, to IT. L.inville: lot BOxlOO'on
th« southwest line of Persia avenue. 60 feet
northwest of Moscow street, to J. Bran. '
McEwen Brothers, agents for the Santa
Fe tract. Point Richmond, report the
sale of seventy-five lots during the first
three weeks of this month. A number of
these lots were sold to parties who,in
tend. In the immediate future, to build
and occupy with a view to making It their
permanent home. These men are em
ployes of the Standard Oil Company and
the steel foundry now nearlng completion.
It is definitely known now that the oil
pipe line is a positive success and that
the capacity of the works for refining the
oil will be largely increased, to keep pace
with the Increasing demands for the re
fined product. A large additional force
of men will be shortly put to work and
before very long will bo more than dou
bled in number. . •
The manufacturers who have " been
waiting to know that the oil'. pipe 'line
would be a success before locating at
Point Richmond are now completing>ar
rangements looking toward the purchas
ing of property at this point and locating
their plants there. y
Arrangements are being made to build
a great number of houses for the em
ployes of these institutions, who at the
present time cannot either rent or buy
homes owing to their scarcity. Definite
arrangements for a large and continuous
supply of building materials have 1 bee*
entered Into and the building operations
will shortly bo commenced on a larger
scale than ever. The contractor who has
charge of the laying of the bitumen slde :
walks on the Sanat Fe tract- expects to
be able to complete three miles of the
sidewalk by the 1st of September.
Sales arc reported by Lyon & Hoag as
follows:
Three flats and a lot 27:6x120 feet on the
south line of Eilli street; 163 feet west of
Octavla. from Mrs. Ellen '8. Kearns to ; A.
Wllzulskl for $15,150; two flats and lot 27:6x
110 feet on the west side of Buchanan street,
137:6 north of Union, from Christina L>. John
son to L. G. McMulIen, for $4000: lot 35:4s
K7:C, with Improvements, on the north line of
Twenty-fourth street. 37 feet west of San Jose
avenue, from Octavla D. Doud to John E.
Cross, for *5100; lot 25x125 feet, with ini
.prbvements. on the east eld« -of Hartford
street. • 220 feet ' north of Twentieth, from
Martha R. Hathaway to P. J.- Tlgh. for »3f<0;
lot 30x87:6 -and improvement* on th«? norths
eaef corner . of Buchanan street and Olive ave-'
nue. from S. t». Kahn to Ellen S.- Kearns, for
$9075:- lot 52x100 feet on the- west "line -of
Florida street. 182 north of Twenty-third; from
Mabel • B. Gou?h to Oscar, Brand, for $2200.
and lot 2Sx%'(:9 on the west-line of Central
avenus, .75 feet north of Halcht street,--- from
the Baird estate to Peter Petersen.' for. $2750.
BROKERS RETURNING.
Edgar I* Hoag of the firm of Lyon &
Hoag ha« returned, from his vacation. ¦'
Few of the business men of San Fran
cisco have traveled' more, than O.F. von
Rhein, who has . Just returned . from . his
trip abroad, during which he spent some
. Hrulon. the lot on the north side of Sac
nv-r.to etreet. 45 f**t r-ast .if Stockton. 43:8
p7:6. with oM <'ti1natown building, to M. J
raJiam. for M7<*>; for Woods & Town»*nd'
e lot on Do-jglns rtreet. west of Bellevue to
. D. Joctt. lor *12'JO; for Mr*. A. Tuttle. the
leant lot on tho north side of Vallejo street
;7:6 wprt of Steiner, 4OxlC7 feet, to A. Wll-
M. for *.%450; for O. tt. Clark; portion of
COTJNTBY. PROPERTIES.
Through the agency of Chatflcld & Vin
zent J. J. Brun ha* 6old to Marco Vanoni
rf Monterey a stock ranch of 147> arrea,
three and a half miles northeast of Gey
serville, with 130 head of red polled cat
tle, for 533.000. This same property was
sold a year ago through the same agency
for JlT.r-OO.
Through David Bush & Son J. E. Green
lias bought the Altschul tract of 300 acres
*t TVoodside; San Mateo Count y. for $16,
/¦¦0": the same brokers have sold thirty
four acres of the Bellevue tract in San
Matco for 5340".
Thomas Magce & Sons report the sale
for Thomas W. Butcher for $13,225 of the
northeast corner of Bryant street and
Stanley place, between First and Second
street?. The lot is 87:6x100 feet. The pres
ent Improvements rent for J114 per month.
The Tim-n Trustees of Mill Valley will
rxpend f00,000 this fall on new sewers.
loads and bridges. All of the streets are
to be sprinkled with petroleum. This
r harming: suburb is making rapid strides.
New buildings are being erected on all
tides. This is noticeable In the Sunnyside
tract, of which L>yon & Hoag are the
agents. This firm reports that they have
s«->ld cighty-thrr*» lots during the paM
three months, which is about one-half of
the entire tract. ,
The following sales have been made by
Davidson & I^cigh:
For the Branfienstdn «*tat«, lot on the north
vide Valiejo Ktre^t, 115 eart of Pierce. 30x120
to Mre. J. C Murphy, for $42V>; for Irving M
Ffolt Jr.. the lot 3Oxll4 on the north side of
Vgilejo Ftrect. 177 ff^t cart cT Ktelner. 3«xll4
fc^t. to F. B. Burnett, for (4250; for C. V.
Anderson, the lot en the south Bide of Her
msnn »^vre«>t, 00 fpot »*a*t of Rtelner, 25x04.
«ith new thrw-story flats renting for $105 a
rr.onth. to L>. J. Rwnir. for f J2.000; for A. P.
Ilotalinr & Co.. the vacant lot on the north
fide of Haifht street. 132 :« fret west of Flll
¦trorr. £2:6x177. and rear U to Mr*.- A. Tuttl*
i"r fl4.5<K>; for Woods * TownFend. the lot SO
¦ztinct fp»>t on Oement «tre»»t. east of TVenty
r.lnth avenue, for «3000. to J. K. Fulda- for
Tha sale to Edward McLaughlin by
Uobert I* Col^man of the southwest cor
ner cf Turk and Jones streets and lm
rrovements has been recorded. The con
sideration was about $160,000.
* Among ?he recent sales of Speck & Co.
ere the following:
' Mrs. A. Echleslnrer to John Brenner, lot SOx
r>7:6, Trlth a building containing a store and
two Cats, on the weet side of Polk street. 30
feet etrtJtn cf CXFarreU. lor $17,000; the Ger
tnasia. BallClng and Lo&a Association to
Alexander Bond, lot 34:4 Vjx67:6, and frame
buildings renting for S1SS & month, on the
northwest corner of Eansome and Pacific
Ftrcets. for J16.000; Maggie Kelly to W. J.
Oarlln, lot 25x£'J, with Improvements, at 1413
and 1415 Castro street, lor fSSQO; B. Barthol
toT. KJopper. lot 27 :<&xCS:9. ¦with Cats, oa the
<&m. eide or Scott street, 07:6 south of Haljht.
<or J62OO; Ellen HarrlB to K. Kerstegly. lot
SSrOO. with improvements, on the west line
cf Valencia ttreet. 140 feet eouth of Fifteenth.
for *6000; S. Schloss to Mrs. A. Schleslnger. lot
CSxSO. with a building containing two stores
and a lodrir.t-houee. on the southeast line of
Howard rtreet, 225 feet southwest of Fifth
etreet, rental flOO a month, for 913,000.
The following recent sales are reported
by Easton, Eldridge & Co.:
For James A. Mclnnls, a lot 40x115, on the
riist line of Mission street, south of Twenty
fifth strett, fur 1-4750; for William Wolf, a
lot 27 :«xfcl :3, with Improvements, on the
southwest corner of Webster and Wlldey
•.-trects. for $4575; for James Xessum, lot 25x
!<*», with three flats, on the south line of Mc-
AlMsner Ftret-t. 61 fe«t east of Central avenue.
for J7.->0: for A. I^evensaler. lot 25xS0. with
lmproveinentE, on the southeast side of How
ard street, feet southwest of Fifth street,
for 51000.
The interest of buyer* In the smaller
properties In the city Is very strong. Lots
end flats of moderate cost are Bought
V-y many. The brokers have many more
InQUlrers while the school vacations \ are
ia progress. Lyon 4 Iloae report a. re
markably sood demand Tor small hold
ings. This is the condition ¦ throughout
the city. The deals are not all In small
ligures. Som<» turns that are In high val
ues have taken place during the • last
week. Among the leading transactions
•was tho final closing up of 'the
esie cf the stock of the Stock
Exchange building on Pine street.
The purchasers of this property
ru-* Marion Leventrltt and associates.
The price paid Is $300,000. The lease of
the building will expire in one year. Then
ihe new owners will Improve the prop
rrty by addJng several stories and con
verting tho buildinc into a great office
structure of tea stories. The lot is 90x
;S7:6 feet.
Rev. John Hemphill has purchased
through the agency of Thomas Magee &
Sons, for JOO.000. lot and three-stoijy
building en the southeast line of Mission
street. 305 feet northeast from Eighth.
The lot is M feet on Mission street, ex
tends ICO feet to Minna street and is SO
icet on Julia, street. The present Im
provements rent for $320 per month.
Through the agency of Speck & Co.
Mrs. Maiy E. Nelson has eold to Charles
.Behlow £0x129 feet on the south line of
Kills street, 112:6 feet east from. Franklin,
with three-story frame building for $26,500.
SAXES ABE imilEBOTJS.
End of Vacations Leads to
Increased Activity of
Brokers.
Medium Priced Lots and
Houses Are Much
in Demand.
MARKET HOLDS
ITS BUOYANCY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
44
RI T D^Tf IDP I
U Jr X S\l. JLjl ¦
¦ Our cures stay cured.: Read this: j
jh "At present I am handling from 50,000 to 90,000 i
2 pounds of baled hay daily. ' The cure is O. K. j
g ' "SOLOMON HIRSCHY, . j
ra "308 Monroe street, San Jose." 1
a We cured Mr. Hirschy nearly two years ago without 3
23 operation, pain or loss of time. He'has worked hard every j
¦ day since. We can cure YOU. i
{ FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE |
§ Market Street, San Francisco.* '
ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
, We Offer Our Entire Extra Pin* Col-
lection of '
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
\ Dlacouat from regular reUll pricei. \
\ ' •¦ We are sole agent* for
';,; JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S :
: CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. M. Plum &Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
CURES ALL ta DISEASES. V "^ JgBF
GRANULATION ETC. •„ '^Zj^MT^, I
California iunltsht. *trong" windi and alkali
du«t cans* cy» trouble. LlttU troublts crow.
Muria* la a favorlt* tolUt requtolto. reatons a
faded era to natural brilliancy. doe«n f t «n*rt.
•oothea ey« pain. •¦ ; ¦ ••- --•'.¦¦ ¦
Th« laboratories of th« Murlnc Ey» Rem««T .
Co.. Chleaeo. ar* tb« laisest In tb« world pr»-
oudos an «xclu»iv« Una of , ey« s ramed'.ea.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
HAIJS'& | HALB'S. J HAIE'S. -' | ' , ..'" '*'r!~~ . SALE'S. ' ' - , J -HALBl. ( TTM^'B.
Hftlc's 4 A^iclcfl^v&lcc'^ to Voiir Interests
Enter This La^tJid^We^k^With Winning Strength "By Might of Values"
f ¦ flffl^ a^3^ l? c^ % "^f^^^^&Zr !¦ |^3*^ ' ' J ust in> Knives and forks and spoons and other useful silver things. But how pretty they
I -l®Clli]M F^I^\W^^^^^^y^^^^^^^^^^^^^^'^^^m ¦ ' arC and h ° W daintily gotten U P ! [an >' of them in satm -. lined b o x es. You can't imagine anything
iJlTO/V I -*• more acceptable for gifts. Birthdays, weddings, anniversaries. Most beautiful line of silverware
fS jjk/y / L \ : ji f. I ¦. j/J-IS). we've* had in a long while. Withal prices are not high.
I Sn IlvLiaM r - • '^K.m\ : EM^r-'' Su K* r . Shell » 45C— Heavily silver-plated, very pretty Pie Knife, $1.50— Beaded pattern, satin finish, quwA-
\z&LJJ a^S^/ fey Luck for US maybe! But it's luck for you to- and '" tliat new fancy handle. . All in satin-lined ruple silver plate, $1.50.
JfcSvi y^S$*»l ' wnvm'ti -,,„ tU*™.\ n .,t - box - Think of it at 45c. - Glass Powder Jar, $1.00— Silver plated cover, large
morrow AC throjf out «=" Butter Knife, 50c— Silver-plated, in satin-lined box. size. $1.00. -
" " T^s^flfl 5 ?¦• g\»cr \\r^4"V% sHfttml^OcSc . Fruit Knives, $1.50, set of 6 — Shell or plain handle, sil- satin lined box, 75c Y 7/"
' ¦ DCiiiilllir^ 535322 W ILIl dllLHIdSl^ ver plated; set of 6. $1.50. Jelly Knife, 85c— Quadruple silver plated, fancy foja-
¦ '•• ' v • '^ - ¦ - • ¦* '¦ r. Berry Spoon, $1.25— Satin finish, fancy handle, $1.25. die, ; 85c.
p x O With all the force We Can put behind them. First COmerS OT Butter Dish, $3.5O--Quadruple plated, satin engraved, Oyster Ladle, $1.75— Silver plated, fancy handle, In
• • r~ ' a • t> * fU o r»o\i/ PiiH Qtnrlf glass buttcr drain; $2.50. satin-lined box, $1.75. . "^ i,
U. A. R. v . ine new ruM =>luck. Black Coffee Spoons, $1.35, set of 6— Silver plated, in Soup Ladle, $3^5— Pearl pattern, large size, in satm
Peb&ps you're expect- RianLrfvfc Voe an/1 Qhoo'fc -^ni«AaHc M f fl<P«i satin lined box; $1.25, set of 6. lined box, $.2.25.
" g^SJr: «i*hitl« •' Comforts, too— eve irything in the bedding line. Beautiful qualities not a poor . ¦
next month. covering — not a second in the lot. Every onc»"firsts." The best' of it's kind. • \ , . jS^^^ja. ' m. t ***** ¦* • a #^ irk. T '-'.««'* • j #"\
Eno^rh biimk^ts? lt - s S pi cn did to be big. When a maker has something cood to deal out, seldom /^WgB&fi§& 1X1^1*7 W' 1 t*l W l\^ f± XXJ W/ f\ 1 QT r
Titr to~n tS?ucE he doesn't favor this big six-store outlet first. . When we tret it. how quick we are to turn l^WW kJlVlI I i l^lWW f? Ol^l- •
i it over to you. Same way we're doing now. Time to think long way ahead of your tu- ¦^/'•*T^' Here's news *
0 v turc bedding needs. • ¦¦ ¦.¦¦u,i Mjt jf^/ ' ' ,» . . . , , , . . > ." «-'• « -^ j
Wool Blankets, $4.00 Pair I Crochet Spreads, 85c . vwtfrMfe, TSews of remarkable opportunities this week in skirts and
White. S-4 bed nize. California wool bhuikets. Tl^y'rc noted the fn varfeiv' o ?Sttern" Jor'chooK. but '^•^ y fV*flw WaistS ' We?f e doing things HOW, getting ready for fall Stock— mak-
S^d°«^ f r?h1U°S^i^^ii^~™%T5e^ P^^S^BSS^^^i^S^^ 7 Jill »^room. Prices aren't going to stand in the way. If you're
.W^^S^^tSSS^T^n the California 7^PS^' ° f W "*" 5? "^ W y ° U tO "^ UP tO
e hnrroV%^ un b^fe^'S^^ Lar S e si^e. - / J W Hale's second floor to-morrow. Listen-
pair. . Strong, heavy -weave. Patterns are very pretty. The price •- «JS^M ' V The Skirts First . Next the Waists
Six-pound, white. 72x84. $6.5O per pair.. . Seven-pound. is the most Interesting: part-*1.6o; regular value J1.76. Only 60 tJiCiAD^ $ Walkintr «;tvlr<; Are** *tvU* . Reautiful white «n«-«
white 74x86 -«7 5O Ber pair of them. Don t expect one to be left to-morrow night. PO.Qytjr^T Y ' waiKing styles — dress styles. • ueaumm wntte ones.
.... • Cotton Comforter, $1.50 Juh*S 0 At »2.O5-Dress Skirt of cheviot, all At 75c-Swell White Waists, mad* from
Cotton Blankets, 75c Pair "$}&g^^ <^£ a y!FS& ' *K3 I V£&V?lSSZk28& £?&&«?: S^S^fSS SS3K
Astonishing value, size for 3-4 bed. either of white or gray, with ?" k °y, n £>° n b 011 ?. 8^ 68 -, Stitched or^led, wnicnever you pre /^O^f Y. At 8:j.J)5-Alpaca Dress Skirt- unusual with tucks to the bust line and full bl»h-
in gray only. When you think it's full ¦ double-bed size, with un d e r J2.00. Think of this at 89c; filled with soft, white cot- •* '^&%1...,\^—K ' V shepherd check;, swell, mannish cloth. *? «t o<5 Another la but
fancy borders, you'll understand better its vajue at $L35. u , n COV ered with silkollne, tied and knotted. . -^^ f / ht ** s »w*»J > «U > , in. gray; seven-gore flare, trimmed with we® e Uklns no chanres o? carrying
Cotton Blankets, S2.25 pair-Thesehave a little wool mixed v • Economy Sheet, 65c ' ¦ / \\ aw.*'* 7 i 95 'things over; this one has an all-over
in. Come in gray. Three-quarter-bed size, ?2.£>. Double-bed rha t new sheet Hale's are Introducing on the coaat. How well - r£ JW j / \\ A t .*"*7 { ?~; Clr^ ular fl« u nce Skirt, chev. embroidery front, trimmed daintily with
size, >2.7o. . it's taking' Size 81x90, and you know they are reinforced in vW'.- • , f \\ Jot. pointed- strips of peau_de sole with tucks and lovely insertion, large bishop
the' SntS? : where the most wear comes. Made of fine, soft .^7^7-... | \.\ silk bands as trimming; black or blue sleeves; waist is tucked down the back
•¦ 45 *Se?S to ffm^^^!^B^%it^ Wee^S tonVSTL ordinary. sh^t.^. gore flare; in black or blue glQ.QQ splendid value.
Notions. 5c Buys V HiiS^ffiHi Ghildren's Reefers, $1.25
Any number of little needfuls at Hale's, starting , to-morrow. .: _ rail^^UIlUCrWCcir ¦ Worth $1.50.
Time to stock your sewing-room and fill all your other wants in wirme^StkljMW 1 u ,, , '' 'r * «
these lines ' Not onlv at =;c but hosts of other little things at little first arrivals. Some splendid .values. It's time you were thinking We want to close them all out. Make room for fall stock
of them now. Weather is getting cool again. Starting to-morrow. . . '
prices. - TJ . ¦¦ _ • . Ti7 ' 7 /- ! coming in now. It youd get the little girl a swell little; coat for
*\ ««_ . - Wool Garments at $1.00. Wool Garment 45c. • ¦ • J & . .
«nCu.Mon. Sc-Assorted sizes anf hJ;. supporter., lOo-The abdominal Fine Australian Wool Vests and t For- children; grav or cream School wearing, buy now and save, and get one she'll be as proud
' kind "ateen pad and fancy frilled Pants for women- natural or scar- wool mixed, Vests and Pants— 6 to T ,. . , r ,. . .. . t .
Sto^i Couar., So-Perforated,- assorted - Side etott? attiched. in pink, blue, £«^h^^j .arouSd the neck 12 years; nicely finished, around of as can be. This IS made of white pique, With shoulder cape, trim-
sizes and widths. cardinal or black. . and down the fro'nt' with silk taoe tnc n «ck with silk stitching. 45c- - ;•- . . .,,..,, . , .
%&V?&ttcy*t tm **M**'1^ garment... . med with dainty braid. *ot only that, but it's finished with large
mS- 1^. r 4 ed^S, u i.' iffi« finish, 100 T^ef^^ch-Assorted width,. $$& E3imcnt ' . -****«* Garment $1.50. pearl buttons; pearl buttons! Well, you know how popular they are.
yards to spool, white only. shoe Lum, lOo dozen —^Tubular. 5-4 and Conihmatinn Suits 7CC Naiural Gray Lisle and Wool _, , \
BMtiar cotton 3 noota 60-100 yards "^.^S^. • A f -°» wwaiwn •>"?." 75 C « Vests and Pants for women: per- There's another style in tap grass cloth, cape trimmed with
Co«et sfe.1.?^ P^4 or 6 V hook, cov*- «n., 3o paper-Brass, good points and For women; fleece lined cotton; feet fitting, filled with comfort; no ;, , . t . , ,^ „ ,
ered with good strong sateen. In black heads. _ / , /M , #oln « . naners Bew . comfortable as can be. Many wrinkles in these. Nicelv finished Wide white embroidery, worth $1.50. Buy them now at $I.2<.
°r drab. H^ e C^ bodkin 'double women can't wear wool— prickles around the neck and down the '
O<l lSi" SoSgh ffrte™. lSng n darne 8 rs. 2 cotton darners .2 hat so. High neck, long sleeves. Na- front -with silk shell stitching. $1.7,5 REEFER AT Sl.CO. insertion, finished with pearl buttons-
Xorn Braes, 6c bnncn— For dresses. 8, pins. 4 Jet pins. 1 card hooks and turalgray. Covered seams, pearl Sleeves finished at the wrist with ¦ '? , /,; ,1 , ° i4 JLSo -
Sand 10 inch. . eyes, l P a P« P, 1 "*-, A» f « 8c - hlt buttons, silk stitchinc across the the new snug fitting ribbed cuff Of tan grass cloth, with large cape trim- C t ,« J?/7ppcj?C 0.0-
5i{Ss-.«a as—* 1 ten or P^^M^^M k r n°o n w n ?J t t i° %§*3TM^ gassssgss^fs^Rsa «. &
Stockinet Shleiat, 10c pair— Sizes, 2, 3. 4. piece. know how good that is. and how sateen French band. *1.5O gar- broidery Insertion on cape and cuffs, beautifully trimmed with embroider^
— — low priced at 7»»c garment. menr. 5150. and insertion; also white pique capes
-_ ' ¦ -4 fm T^ • . ¦ , 1 — trimmed with wide ruffle of embroidery
Men's Suspenders, . 1 5c Pair • A .- _ Ribbon . glpaii H ,,S»iw=
Pj»t,,1-ii- irr • ) XV IUW IVll/L/V/lI white pique or grass cloth, with should- regular X4.00, U.M and I3.00 values BUY
KCgUiar 25c. . ... , ... , . ... . . f er cape trimmed with embroidery and NOW FOR '. ««j «»-;
Good, strong elastic uebbing, braided ends. It's unusual; to *r _ g| .^ | % g _____
find a ffood suspender at 25c. — . • ¦ popular colors— black, turquoise, rose, lilac, mais. light blur, ina-
Now, here's one at 15c men won't be slow to share. Has _^^n^r^le|^^rdj.lfs^
drawers supporter, strong buckles— a^arge assortment of patterns m^ ; j—- \ TlamiTlOCKS Agfaill
to choose from. 15c pair tiS/ x____^t____^ Thl " S timC m ° rC intereStin^ Y6u<11 surd >' want onc on Y™
For men for boys. It's IHsn't the fact that vou can /ST/ffl *§£& WS^ <J$SS$) ™**™ ™ " l ° TIlCre?S One
buy a golf shirt for 50c to-morrow-^-ou can do that always; but it's the quality ION /ggf 4Oc _ 34 _ M lnchM . cloaeljr woven cot , At #1 . rta _ E _ tra hca ,_, cotton h
here that counts. . /MB/ ' _^^ ton roncoaled spreader, heavy cotton mock, good utrons colors, concealed
Fancv colored percale, with attached cufts and two separate collars, in iSSi ____e_T^ «_r___9_^_ _Q_r__TB#_,< _«^^^ -**°_?- for hanging. *rread*r and pillow, deep fringed val-
ui u „ ,1h tan with white 'triocs All sizes 14^ to l6j<. Starting- to- «^_^J_fV_l ©WCW__^ At 8o««-Another of cotton, closely wov- anre, largo size. v "ibca>ai
blur, white, and tan with wmtc -tnpes. am sizes, 14/2 /- * with Concealed spreader and pillow. Other hammocks up to ?3.w. TinRD
morrow, 5Oe each. - . . .-• -- - ¦- .¦ - '^ full sIzp. very strong. FLOOR. a«j«u
Bryson's Famous "Lady in Green" Free With Next Sunday's Call
- Cash or little at a time
Elegant Parlor Suites.
We arc carrying the largest and most complete line of. Parlor
goods in the city, in solid mahogany and also in k less expensive, but
equally serviceable suites. We can sell these -at '-prices : that
be duplicated, as we are the only furniture house that .own our build-
ing, pay uo rent, and give you the benefit in low prices. . v-:
Largest Store. " , 'Lowest 1 Prices.
Remember we Bid not join the carpet combine. /
The J. Noonan Furniture Co.,
1017-1023 MISSION ST.. ABOVE 6th. Near New Postoffice.At presort the "<Z. W. S.." as this huge
workingmarTs trust is usually called, rep
rcitcnts an actual investment of $175,000.
000—all of it from the pockets of compara
tively poor folk. It has some fifty build
ings, most of them enormous in size, and
.r.cluding some of the largest factories
in the world and it has a hundred thou
sand employes. But perhaps the most
-ignificant fact of all is that Its • stock
holders now comprise almost exactly one
eixth of the total population of England.
The Hst of various enterprises which
ihe concern has takon on is so long that
it would be a bore to read it through if
it were, not so significant. The . society
describes itself as "Wholesale .General
HUGE INVESTMENT.
swallowing competitors much longer at
the same rate It has in the past it will
pretcnt a bigger problem for ' British
trade than Mr. Chamberlain's tariff plans
have done.
GROWTH IS RAPID.
Since the formation _ of ' the Co-opera
tive Wholesale Society.-the offices, \ware-
lands. ' The English co-operator hopes for
a day when the co-operation of working
men on a trade basis will be worldwide.
In view of what he has almost silently
accomplished in sixty years- the hope
doesn't seem beyond realization.
The local societies go to the ¦* great
storehouses in Manchester of which -they
are the owners and buy their goods on
co-operative principles. In turn the indi
vidual co-operators purchase of the \ re
tail society in which they are partners.
The individuals are members only oMhcir
retail societies, and the retail societies are
represented bodily . in the wholesale | so
ciety, and as co-operators hoid its stock
to the cxtentof $75 for each twenty;mem
1)«ts and have one vote ;f or. each .600
members in the management of theparent
concern. .'-¦'<¦ :
> Her" husband, who was ;born October 17,
1819, succeeded'.to the throne. on the death
of his '; father.; September j 6,vlS60.; ;They
have one son,;George'Adolphus, born July,
22, 1848, who married a princess of-An
halt in 1877... . ... V.": ....;. ,' ;Hv"
i - She was an English; Duchess . (Augusta
of Cambridge; sister to the Duke of Cam
bridge and the- late Duchess /of - Teck).
She. was married; June 28,, 1843. '.at Buck
ingham' Palace i to Frederick William,
then hereditary Grand Duke of Meckleri
•burg-Strelitz. ¦ ; ¦ ..' . .
LONDON, July ' 25.— Diamond , weddings
do not. come very of ten in : any walk of life
and for that -reason a. diamond "Wedding
in royalty circles is all the more notable.
One such grand affair was, celebrated at
Neu-Strelitz on . June 28— that of the
Grand Duke and Grand Duchess of Meck
le'nburjj-Strelitz.'.' The "'; close connection
of; the latter"; with-. the royal house of
Great Britain gave the occasion a spe
cial interest in "« high circles in London.'
Grand Duke and Duchess of Meck
lenburg-Strelitz, Complete Sixty
Years of -Married Life.
ROYAL CELEBRATION . \," :. -.*
OF DIAMOND WEDDING
BISLEY\ England. July 23.— The King's
prize and gold medal^were won to-day by
Color Sergeant Da vTs of the Third Gla
morgan Volunteers, with a score of 311.
. den ¦ disappearance from the paymaster
general's office.
, Lord Roberts has been for years a close
friend of the Mariborough family, and it
was through him that the Duke was ap
pointed. It his influence ccn carry any
weight , the Duke and Duchess will go to
: India. The Duke would rather stay at
home, but It is the Duchess* ambition to
go to some place where she ; can find a
wider field for the display of her munifi
cence and generosity. She is not afraid
to say that she is tired of idle social func
-' tions and '. those' who associate with her
can see that she is bored by'many of the
* gatherings and entertainments she is call-'
: ed upon to patronize. "I like to be doing
some useful work," she remarked to a
•nurse at one of the London . hospitals a
few days ago, and after lifting up a sick
child she* continued, "IJow t. would love
to be a nurse!" ;'.
* Miss" Florence Hayward, special repre-
Wins King's Prize.
: It is -pretty well understood, now*; that
His Grace was appointed to the War Of
fice "to* test; his business capacity. The
work:' was- neither .technical nor . labor
ious,', but what he, was called upon to do
hedfd well according to the 1 views . of
Earl • Roberts, i the commander in chief.
Lord '¦. Roberts saw that (there was useful
'material In • the young man and \ he sug
gested that he ought to qualify, himself
for a more responsible positions That! is
the secret of - the • Duke's somewhat sud-
. LONDON, July . 25.— Since the Duke of
Mariborough resigned the post of -~; pay
master ; general : of the army, nothing
much has been heard of his ' movements.
The story that he' will follow^Lord'Cur
zon as Viceroy of India is again being re
vived in political [ and social • circles and
persons ; who follow ..diplomatic 7 move
ments do not hesitate to say that the
Duke is studying hard to qualify for the
job. .-. ' .--. : .
Duchess of Mariborough Longs for
Opportunity for More Use
ful Career. :
VANDERBILT'S DAUGHTER
FINDS SOCIETY IRKSOME
An American party now in London— on
their way to Norway. Sweden and-Rus
sia—includes the Misses Matilda H. and
Jean M. Smith of Alleghany. Pa.; Mrs.
Sarah A. Weir of Brookline. Mass. ; Miss
C. B. Gould and Isabel S. Chapman, of
Andover, Mass.; F. A. Howe, of Marl
boro, Mass. ; Mrs. J. L.' Mason, of Oak
land, i Cal. ; Mr. and Mrs. Thomaa M.
Montgomery, of Philadelphia. Pa.; and
John M. and Mrs. Joshua Reynolds, of
Las Vegas., N. M. The party left New
York June 9 and expect to be back la the*
United States early In' September. -
sentative here for the St. Louis Exposi
tion, has returned to London from Italy.
She has taken her former apartment in
Mariborough Mansions, Victoria street.
Mrs. Potter Palmer of Chicago is auto
mobillng from Paris to London. She ex
pects to stop for a little while at Trou
ville and then come on to England. She
has engaged a suite of rooms at the Carl
ton Hotel.
LONDON, July 23.— The French legis
lators forming the arbitration group who
had been visiting here left London for
Paris to-day. Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
nerman and other members of Parliament
bid them farewell at the railroad station.
l*rench Legislators Return.
TWO CO-OPERATIVE WHOLESALE SOCIETY BUILDINGS. A DUCHESS ;
WHO LONGS FOR A . MORE USEFUL CAREER, AND \ A GRAND 1 1
DUCHESS WHOSE DIAMOND WEDDING WAS LATELY OBSERVED.
Sings at Covent Garden. *
, LONDON,- July 25. T Mlss Carrie Bride
well, the American contralto, - appeared
at Covent Garden this week in "Rigo-
English conservatives have failed to
realize the rapid increase of co-operatlv^>
power in ways other than financial and
political. Few** of the upper tenth have
the slightest idea how English co-operat
ors are changing the workingrnar/s con
dition socially and economically. Few of
.that upper, tenth have ever heard of the
"Women's .'Co-operative Guild" or of- the
"Co-operative Union," which acts as the
propagandist, educator and philanthropist
of the, movement. Co-operators have been
their own best helpers. They; haVe grown
into the . luxury of Oxford j University
scholarships' and convalescent homes In
the- same way thaf they .have -extended
their , industries to 'Australia i and South
America. From the United States! alone
about $3,000,000 'worth 'of products are
.bought.. by: the co-operative, societies an
nually. • ..This . is exceeded • only by one
European jBj country— Denmark. . The .so
ciety's imports | from that .kingdom, ; prin
cipally; butter and eggs, are . paid for at
the rate of $10,000,000 a year.- ¦
gress, . Just held, f the co-operators have
passed a vote of censure and eternal fight
on everything anti-free. trade. Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, the most ardent free trader
in the Government, .is hailed by the so
ciety as a present-day Sir Rooert Peel,
and their allegiance is given to him.
Thus by one consolidated act on the part
of a body of workingmen are several
million votes piled up against Mr. Cham
berlain and protection.- In this most im
portant parlimentary issile known of re
cent years the co-operators for the first
time show their hands and the hand is
crammed full of . stirring political pos
sibilities. ¦¦'
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary,
whose proposed tariff has proved the cul
minating point in a growing, distrust the
Co-operative Wholesale Society has long
felt for him. Now at their annual con-
where she went to attend the re
gattas as the guest of Princess Henry of
Prussia. While . there Mrs. Guild made a
Mst of 'the Princess, which the'artist in
tends to exhibit at the St.. Louis Exposi
tion. .The'- bust is now being cut in mar
ble in Italy. " Dr. Lewald. the exposition
commissioner of Germany, wanted & copy
for the Deutsche Haus, but the exposition
authorities. Informed Mrs. Guild that
American artists living abroad can ex
hibit* only in the American art depart
ment. 'Discussing: her visit to the Prin
cess, Mrs. Guild gives a charming picture
o^ Prince Henry's family life.
Mrs. Guild recently finished a bust of
President Lincoln which greatly please*
the traveling Americans who have seen it.
BERLIN. July 23.— Mrs. Cadwallader
Guild, the American scufptor. re
cently returned here from Kiel.
BERLIN. July 25.-Dr. Koch, presi
dent of the Reichsbank, gave u
dinner' "" to~" the ~ American" and
Mexican Monetary Commissioners
¦ yesterday evening. United States
Consul. General_Mason. will give a- dinner
to the commissioners to-night.
' ' Representative Burton, chairman "of the
Rivers and Harbors Committee of the
House,' went' to St.* Petersburg to-day, ac
companied by Major Frederick Mahan (re
tired) of .the .Engineer Corps, to study the
Russian waterways. - • . .-:-.•*
While here Mr. Burton received every
courtesy from the officials, who assisted
him in making his observations and placed
an electric launch , at his 'disposal for the
examination of Berlin's water front.
President of Reichsbank
Gives Dinner to
Americans.
American Sculptor Wins
Honor in German
Capital.
MRS. GUILD
GUEST OF
PRINCESS
DR. KOCH
ENTERTAINS
DELEGATES
The result Is that to-day shopkeepers
ell over the country are getting frighten
ed. Here and there they have organized
End put M7> a fight, but with little suc
cess. They have appealed to the Govern
neist to save them; but the Government
<an do nothing. If the concern keeps on
make of the discovery that she
has "la her midst" a trust that Is in some
¦vra.y» more powerful, and with a more
direct effect on the small tradesmen than
anything In the United States. It has
grown so quietly that there was no gen
eral realization of its grip on the country
till the other day when the vast concern
coolly tock up Joseph Chamberlain's chal
lenge and threatened to fight him on the
eubject cf tariffs. „
The whole thing grew out of the de
cision of a score of half-starved workmen
tp in the north cf England to club to
gether for the purpose 'of getting the nec
essaries cf life a bit cheaper. The local
shopkeepers had combined to charge ex
tortionate rates and this was the pro
trst, The plan worked fairly well and the
business grew slowly until, exactly forty
years ago, it was big enough to be incor
porated la Manchester under the name of
the Co-operative Wholesale Society. No
body was permitted to make any "money
out of it, but everybody in it got food
and clothes at cost.
LONDON, July 25.— After look
ing en in astonishment at the
vast operations of American
Rockefellers and Morgans,
England hardly knows what to
Co-operative stores hijve been estab
lished in hundreds of English towns and
are now getting a foothold in London.
Wholesale companies are reaching out
toward international trade and toward
the creation of a. fraternity of Interests
between consumers and producers in all
If it were not for the merciful' "etcs."
in the middle of this list it would be ap
palling. Moreover, new branches are be
ing added steadily at a rate that will soon
enable this very genuine octopus to take
over the entire business of a fair-sized
city without leaving so much as a corner
news-stand in the hands of an indepen
dent dealer. Every sort of combination
has been made- against it; there have been
political agitations, boycotts, sermons,
pamphlets and even riots, but apparently
nothing can stop it so Jong as its army
of officers can resist the temptation to
make personal profits out of it.
NOTHING CAN STOP IT
Dealers, Manufacturers, Bankers, Millers,
Printers, Lithographers, Shipowners, Lard
Refiners. Bacon Curers, Fruit Growers,
Drysalters. Saddlers, Tea. " Importers,
Blenders and Packers, Dealers in Gro
ceries, Provisions, Drapery, Woolens,
Ready-made- Clothing. Boots and Shoes.
Brushes. Crockery. Carpets, Furniture,
etc., etc.. etc.; Manufacturers of Flour,
Butter. Biscuits, Sweets, ; Preserves,
Pickles. Candied Peel, Cocoa, Chocolate,
Tobacco, Soap, Candles, Glycerine. Boots
and Shoes. Clothing, Flannel Shirts, Man
tles and Underclothing, Corsets, Furni
ture and Brushes."
The co-operators own a line of steam
ships and have agencies all over the
world. Being free-traders, almost to a
man, they are up in arms against Joseph
houses and factories in Manchester have
outgrown several sets of buildings. I
aeked the oldest co-operator in England
the other d^y how much territory he
thought the present set occupied. He
said he hadn't the faintest idea and that
he wouldn't pretend to keep track of the
new buildings as they went up. But at
present the society is spending $3,562,503
on more buildings. The Co-operative
Wholesale Society has its own architect
ural and building department and the
work of building is all done by co-oper
ative labor. Most of the huge stores have
admirable halls connected with them,
which are rented to the public when not
in use by the Women's Guild of the so
ciety for women's meetings, educational
purposes, receptions or the like— for the
Co-operative Wholesale Society is so far
reaching that it has even taken a hand
in the management of society and the
home.
A strict cash srstem has forced the co
operator to keep out of debt and a sys
tem of leaving dividends in the society's
funds has assisted those who would other
wise have saved nothing to save a great
deal. Most co-operators buy their homes.
Payment is simple enough when it means
nothing more than leaving one's dividends
in the co-operative society to which one
belongs.
A HAND IN POLITICS.
Co-operative Wholesale Society Embraces One-Sixth of
Country's Population and Represents an Actual
Investment of $175,000,000.
HUGE WORKINGMAN'S TRUST IN ENGLAND THREATENS
TIME-HONORED SYSTEM OF INDUSTRIAL COMPETITION
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 2f>, 1903.William Seymour will stage "Hearts
Courageous", for Orrin' Johnson. \
Daniel McAvoy. expects to sign with the
Shuberts for next season.
Charles Dalton: trill be Blanche Walsh'B
leading man In "ResurrectlonV*
Plays and the Players.
"Oh, well. dear, perhaps it's force of
habit; you know she's been marri«d.-N.
•T. TimeB*-
"That isn't it. Early this morning £
saw her creep into our room, go to my
pocket, take my pocketbook and empty
"Oh. well, we'll never mlsa a loaf of
bread once in a while; her folks may need
it more than we do."
A family in tho southern part of the
city employed what they believed to be a
"household jewel." For a few days she
proved to be all that they had anticipated,
and everything went smoothly. One day,
however, the husband came down to
breakfast and \ made the announcement
that they must. get rid of the new girl.
"Why, John, you must be crazy." said
his wife with amazement. "She's the be«t
girl I ever had. so respectful, and a fine
cook."
"That makes" no difference. She Isn't
honest."
A Household Jewel.
The added fame acquired by Blanche
Walsh through her brilliant work of last
season In "Resurrection" is now being
reflected in the attention paid to her
opinions on public matters. Her recent
speech in behalf of me proposed National
Art Theater has been tak^n up and com
mented upon by all the important papers
and magazines both In America and Eu
rope. When a successful star such as
Blanche Walsh , Is courageous enough to
deplore the "star" system as a menace to
dramatic art there seems to b« hope for
ter the latter part of December.
* • •
Virginia Harned's new play for the hom
ing season will be a modern comedy by
Haddon Chambers called "The Golden
Silence."
• • • \
Henry W. Savage has engaged Flora
Zabelle for one of the leading roles in
"The Yankee Consul," a new comic opera
by Henry M. Blossom Jr. and Alfred G.
Robyn. .
Klaw & Erlanger are making exten
sive preparations for N. C. Goodwin's
production • of "A Midsummer Night's
Dream," which will open at the Knicker
bocker Theater October 12.
» • •
Julius Steger. James 1£. Sullivan, Fred
Titus (Edna May's husband), and Louis
F. Gottschalk, the musical director, have
been "engaged by F. , Zlegf eld Jr. f or De
Koven & Klein's new opera, "The Red
Feather," In which Grace Van Studdlford
is to star.
.Daniel Frohman, who has just returned
from Europe, announces that his new
theater, the Lyceum, will be opened about
September 1. E. H. Sothem will open the
new house with Justin Huntly McCar
thy's new play, "The Proud Prince."
Practically all the able people seen with'
James and Warde last season have been
re-engaged, by Wagenhals & Kemper
for "Alexander the Great," in which play
these famous stars will appear on their
forthcoming tour. The ensemble scenes
calling for soldiers, courtiers, dancing
girls and slaves will necessitate carrying
a company of nearly fifty people.
making that way,". Mr. Greet put It.
"We got away from our American dra
matic sins a while ago; may we go back?"
I then asked. >.*: * .
"You must permit me. to praise also,"
the manager Insisted: "Your stock com
panies are. a- truly admirable feature of
dramatic development here. You have so
many, and they do such amazingly good
work. They are of the most hopeful signs
of the times. I wentin the other night
to see/The Highwayman,' an exceptional
performance of especially good stuff of
the kind." > •
I did not agree as to. the material, but
was pleased when the manager
as to. the superior comfort and conven
ience of our theaters as compared with
the English ones.
"One thing,'" and Mr. Greet lifted an
appalled hand." "you have in America a
deplorable, abominable, set of supers.
Their behavior Is impossibly '-. bad, their
indifference to surroundings, their ges
tures, looks, costumes, even to the little
matter of cleanliness."
•I love best the man with the spear," I
smile. •
"I'm bound to say the soldiers strike me
as being the worst," Mr. Greet said.
Then continued: "They all look as if they
wish <hey were not there, as If they
wanted to be in bed." You ought to have
her©* a set of people with the artistic in
stinct, willing ¦ to acquire their first ex
perience among the mobs and crowds, and
• from which could be recruited the actors
oTtne future. Our worst supers— we call
them Adelphls— are absolute' Irvlngs to
most of yours," butthe tolerant, genial
tone and soporific voice stole most of the
Greet thunder.
> ¦" x ou must like our ; fashion H of taking
.on: our hats in the theater here?" I hum
bly inquire.
} "YeS." Mr. Greet assented, ."but not.
your ; fashion of putting th^m on ¦ again
before the final curtain." Frankly, I think
it'a hideous practice. to get up and fidget
during the final "ecenes— don't , you?"
"I'm seldom there," I shy, then ask:;
"uid George Alexander succeed In getting.
his audience In on i tlme^ to I his theater
you remember hV announced that no one
vrould: be admitted after the curtain went
up until the first act ..was ; over?" ,
"It was a perfect success. Everybody
was at the height of its popularity. It
was the 'Hamlet' of the day."
"It reminds very much of Bunyan's
•Pilgrim's Progress'?"
"There Is no doubt that Bunyan got his
inspiration from 'Everyman,' " Mr. Greet
assented. "It is very reasonably conjec
tured, too, that Holbein's 'Dance of Death*
was inspired by the play. Oh, its history
gees back to the eleventh century, as t»r
as It can be traced."
••The play seems to have made a ro
rrarkable Impression In the twentieth cen
tury," I suggest.
"It is really a heart-searching, moving
affair," the play's director testified, as to
a creed. "Archbishop Ryan of Philadel
phia said of it— I had this from a friend
of his, and think I have It correctly— 'I
have preached many sermons, heard
many, but never one to equal this.' "
While I was wondering about art for a
sermon's sake Mr. Greet went on: "The
play is naturally more Catholic In atmos
phere than anything else, but It has so
much real humanity, so much of the ab
solute teachings of the gospel, that It has
won admirers of all sects."
"You represent God himself in the play,
do you not?"
"Not always, but generally," the direct
or replied. Then: "Which way would
California like the play best?" '
I gave It up, remembering how James
O'Neill— truly, some years ago— was ar
rested every night after the performance
at Morocco's for impersonating the Christ
In Henry de Mllle's "Passion Play."
"You see we have a person called a cen
sor in England," Mr. Greet, gently satiric,
explained^
"Mr. Ablngdon says he Is all right," I
quoted.
"So he is— for the English," the manager
smiled. "But there Is a -prejudice over
there against representing the Deity on
the sta^e." •
"As to the censor's other functions, do
you think him at all useful?" "
"I'm not fond of the so-called moral
play— 'Zaza.* for example," Mr." Greet
owned. "I've looked at 'Zaza' fr<5m
every side, wondering largely how Clem
ent Scott could hold it up for years as 'a
'moral* play. I mid nothing but an odious
tissue of abominations. The so-called
'problem' play does not Invite."
Then as I stood up to take reluctant
leave, he concluded, "I 'have just discover
ed that San Francisco has anticipated me
In the matter of the open air play by
mght by - thirteen years. I have given
them, for : seventeen.; the Bohemian Club
has given them for thirty years. One
certainly does not come here to teach!"
"Of course you are," ' the ; Englishman
laughed, "the first thing I saw here was
the 'Romeo and Juliet.' with Miss O'Ncil
—then the Chinese Theater. Wonderfully
similar conditions these to the Elizabeth
an stage.". )
"We are to have an open air production
of 'As You Like It, next Saturday," I
remarked, "with Nance O'Nell." ;
"Yes." Mr. Greet said simply. "And we
have given altogether more than 2000 open
air ; performances in England. We have
given 'As You Like It' at Wilton, Lord
Pembroke's place, where the comedy was
first performed— with Shakespeare acting
Adam." '
"We may," the manager replied. "We
have a repertoire of about twenty plays
besides."
"I see you cleared 110,000 by your open
air performance of .'As You Like It' In
New York." - . .
was there. Critics, too. . But that was
only, a first night experiment."
there any likelihood," I Inquire
irrelevantly, "of your giving 'As You
Like If here?"
I laughed dlssentlngly: "Of all others I
should judge her morals least' open' to
question. But your censor agrJn— he ob
jects to Bernard Shaw. You do not?"
. "Shaw's a delicious person," the . man
ager smiled. "Have you ever heard him
lecture on Shakespeare? It's impossibly
funny. No, I think Shaw has achieved;
all but a masterpiece In his 'Candida.'
Any national theater we may, have would
be bound to Include at least one of his
plays In Its repertoire."
"We are to have 'The Devil's Disciple"
here this season," I inform Mr. Greet
with some pride.
"Of course you are. You have every
thing here," he retorted. There is some
thing of the amusement," wonder, jealousy,
doubt, tenderness of the father who finds'
his child free of leading-strings, in tho
Englishman's attitude to the American
stage. Then, seriously, "There Is nothing
more like London-^or, rather,' Londoners—
than San Franciscans, it appears to me. I
have seen more men' In one club here
with mustaches"— "moustahshes," " Mr.
Greet calls them— "than In:, any : other
whole city, I believe. Only clergymen
and actors wear shaven faces" with us." .
"Does the resemblance stop at theimus
tache?"I Inquire. : ' _ : '
"Oh. no. But perhaps they would resent
the idea? No? You. are like English peo
ple In bull u. accent, coloring, you Know,"
the manager tnen catalogued.
"Aren't the women taller here?"—a
moot pofnt.
"I think not. Our court women are all
"Sometimes it seems that way," Mr.
Greet mused.- "When Rejane, for exam
ple, plays 'Zaza' It seems sometimes to
approach art—"
"There Is your condemned 'personal
ity,' " I interrupt.
"But the bad in art is immoral," the
manager " went on unheeding. Then he
gently thundered: "When I see an ugly
woman wearing a pink hat, a red waist
and a magenta skirt that's an Immoral
woman to me."
"Then you don't like Ibsen?"
I "Oh, yes; I do," Mr. Greet contradicted.
"Ibsen is a brilliant writer, knows how-to
say things and makes actors— a great art
—and, above all, actresses."
"Then does It stand that only the bad in
art Is immoral?"
Ben Greet, Director of the Elizabethan Stage Society, Promises Us Rare Productions of "Everyman" and "As You Like It." j
"As old 8s the hills," Mr. Greet put it,
and comfortably flung his arm over tho
back of his chair. "Co'umbus was just
discovering America when 'Everyman*
Mr. Grcet'e "perhaps" was doubtful,
«nd he added: "They thought so In New
York. There was ah absolute rush to the
\<nx office after the performances to find
out the players' names."
" 'Everyman* is tremendously old. Isn't
it?" I veered.
I choked over the attempt to see a -
programme without his large-typed name;
p programme of Miss without her
Kpreeable cognomen In fat letters, and
tb"n said:
"That seenis to me an unnecessary elim.
inntlon of personality."
a — FTER all. we eat only the
#4 lobster." thus "Ben" Greet.
g \ director of the Elizabethan
#"^ Stage Society of London.
dm ¦£¦ and favoring me here with
an argument for Shakes
peare at h" was originally played. Mr.
Greet had said before: "I find the public
rr-uc-h more deeply absorbed in Shakes
peare eu naturel than In Shakespeare
•with trimmings. .We get the lobster with
¦ II ports of curious little things stuck
round it, ycu know, but after all—" and
then the foregoing quaint close.
I was there to learn, and advanced for
the other tide: "But the trimmings are
v Fometimes j «MBnr beautiful—"
"I find people more Interested in the
Jnbeter," Mr. Greet slyly put it. . ' ¦-.'»
But perhaps "Ben" Greet— even Froh
ma_n "presents" him (as director of
"Everyman") without the punctilious
period— needs introduction here. In Amer
ica at the present moment we are chiefly
cognizant of Mr. Greet"* existence as dl
' rector of "Everyman," the morality play
that M-ems to have made so profound
iTrrrcFsion upon Eastern audiences last
reason; with an eye also to a significant
production of "As You Like It." in which
the Elizabethan StKge Society— Mr.
CJreet's company, cut a new notch In open
••air records. But besides being this, the
manager Is many # other things that in
¦tereet. He Is a concscente among con
oscenti of the Elizabethan drama. He Is
an actor of accomplishment and also the
manager of a trifle of twelve theatrical
- companies In England. He is. above all,
a manager of deeply artistic instinct,
bigh purpese and commanding judgment.
Therefore, when I learned that Mr. Greet
wes in town, I hastened to "nail" him
to s.n interview.
A courteous note granted my request
for a chat upon the Elizabethan drama.
and in Mr. Ablngdon"s "operating room."
the Palace salon, Mr. Greet met us. We
made for a quiet corner, and the manager,
with the absent-mindedness of genius, be
gan by trying to hang up his hat on the
jjaira that backed his chair. It off,
naturally, and in the laugh that Ifllowed
we became frknds. At least I d.\l.
The first impression one gets of Mr.
Gr< et is a peculiar and pervading square
ners. Hi.* head is squarely built, with
hair squarely partf-d ever a square brow.
He has a strong, square Jaw. and level
brows set over clear, ketn eyes whose
KlftBoe also is sturdily "square." His
rcouth, too, that turns mither up nor
•'own. adds another to the straight lines,
and even the shoes are totd with anxious,
humorous squareness. For the rest, his
coloring is of the typical fresh, florid,
Ktigiish type, with eyes of a blue too
precious to be wasted upon a mere man,
and blackish hair — obstinate hair — paint
ed thinly with gray. His broad thc-uld
ers have the hint of the burden of twelve
theatrical companies about them, but
there Is nothing else to remind of these,
Mr. Greet possessing almost the leisurely
r< nosefulncss of manner, the gentle pla
cidity of a Hindu at his devotions.
"But I am net here to teach." Mr.
Greet said, after a little more talk of the
relative values of the "lobster" and it»
•trimmings," "I'm here to learn. Why.
you people have done everything. Here
is your Stanford University picking out
a thing like 'The Knight of the Burning
Pestle" for production. Most extraordin
ary. The 'Antigone' of course is the usual
thing, but to dig out a play like the
Beaumont and Fletcher — capitally done,
too, I hear It was— that is a very, very
uncommon sort of thing to do. But
I find here a much stronger interest in
the drama than with us. In Harvard,
for example, there is even a professor—
Professor Baker— who concerns himself
wholly with drarr.a-iic literature. They
have at ilavard productions of all kinds
of plays, French, German, Spanish, and
60 on. • • • No, it is difficult to find
anything you Americans have not done. I
am in California myself now because I
'h^ard that some one was going to bnnjj
j'.n 'Everyman' here, and I thought it
. v:ser to be the first."
"We really are going to have 'Every
man'?" I askrd eagerly, for the morality
play Is something I have blackly envied
the East for a whole season.
"In September next 1 am hoping," the
manager replied; "if not, then In the fol
lowing April."
"You are to give the play at the Univer
sity of California I hear?"
"And as many other places as we can,"
he added. "They are very desirous of
having the play at Berkeley. We have
i!r< tcy given it at many of the Eastern
universities, you know."
"They arc very proud of their theater
over in Berkeley," I add.
"Yes. I went over to see it the other
riay. Fascinating idea, that large am
phitheater. President Wheeler is very en
thusiastic about it— would have me go
over to see it. And truly, it is magnifi
cent. • • • California is surely going to
have its own drama, soon," he unex
pectedly concluded.
"I hope end believe so," 1 replied. "We
are so far eff from the base of supplies,
that we have to be self-supporting, or
suffer. We've suffered up to now. Still,
we cet the crumbs from New York's
table in the summer, and there have been
more than usual this year. Let us be
thankful. • • • But what do you think
the chances are for the American na
tional drama, whether from the West or
the East?"
"I am a visitor— here practically on suf
ferance." Mr. Greet hesitated, "I hardly
like— M
"But that Is precisely what we need,
honest and able criticism." I Insisted.
"I should say then that the practice of
writing for stars is Impeding the progress
of the drama more than any other one
thing." our English critic squarely
avowed. "It cribs, cabins and confines the
writer. In the end, also. It limits the
Hctors. And certainly dramatic art suf
fers from the imposing of the idea of a
personality as the central interest of a
P'.ay. Can you imagine Shakespeare guHty
of writing for a star? Can you fancy
'Hamlet' written to fit? Or 'Cleopatra'
<-ut to any one's measure? You may call
Hamlet a star part, perhaps, yet there are
several almost as good In the play. But
you are fond of the 'star* suggestion here
—even to the national flag. You have star
politician*, star clergymen, star prize
fighters—why not the star actor? But
that is not the way to get the best out of
the drama," all this In the mildly ironic
tone, the sweet English drawl, with which
Sir. Greet at once soothes and hypnotizes
the attention.
He went on again, throwing back his
.licad with a square, characteristic fling:
•/This play of ours. 'Everyman.' was
tot written for a s/ar. We even omit the
r.amee of th# players from the programme
—an old custom of the Elizabethan Stage
Society."
Among tire company supporting the
stars are Miss Martha Waldron, Miss
Kate Patterson Selten, Miss * Mary
Wright. Herbert Titheredge. Morton Sel
tcn, R. Lewi3 and Frank Hitchcock.
While it has not yet been decided which
is to be the opening play of the engage
ment, advices are to hand concerning the
repertoire of the organization together
with some particulars of the personnel of
the supporting conjpany.
The plays to be presented are George
Bernard Shaw's brilliant comedy. "The
Devirs Disciple"; Richard Harding
Davis' comedy, "The Taming df Helen";
a new play from the French, "The Lady
of Lyons." and an important production
of "Camille," in which it may be remem
bered Miss Anglin scored so great a tri
umph here last summer. It will thus be
conceived that with a generous repertoire,
and so varied, a great artistic treat is in
store.' 3p£$Sj
The importance of the approaching visit
of the two brilliant stars. Henry, Miller
and Margaret Anglin, in conjunction un
der the direction of Charles B. Dilllnfr
ham, cannot be gainsaid. In view of their
great personal and artistic popularity.
San Francisans have come to regard Hen
ry Miller and Margaret Anglin .with a
sentiment somewhat removed from the
mere cursory appreciation of their re
spective brilliant talents, and now that
their names are announced jointly- on the
same bill their innumerable admirers
have cause for double rejoicing. The
opening date of the attraction at the Co
lumbia Theater is set for Monday, August
17. and their stay will continue over sev
eral weeks.
Jameson Lee Finney is an American—
a native of one of the Western States.
He* is thoroughly and enthusiastically
American Jn all his tastes and habits. Yet
it must be chronicled as a remarkable
fact that In all his stage experience Mr.
Finney has never played an American
until he essayed the part of Percy Merrill
in "A Fool and His Money" at the Madi
son Square Theater. At the Empire The
ater Mr. Finney appeared in the follow
ing roles: Captain La Holies In "Under
the Red- Robe" (French); Lieutenant
Schneider In "The Conquerors" (German);
a Frenchman in "Bohemia," an English
man in "John A'Dreams." At Daly's
Mr. Finney played Lord Huntworth In
"Lady Huntworth's Experiment" (En
glish): Lord Cyril Garston in "Frocks and
Frills" (English); Modus in "The Hunch
back"; Gringolre in "Notre Dame"; an
Englishman in "The New Clown," and
a Frenchman in "The Two Schools." Mr.
Finney is proud of the fact that his great
est hit was made in the part of the debon
alre young New Yorker in Mr. Broad
hurst's clever American comedy. ?
• ¦' • • •
Nat M. Will*, who will star In " A Son
of Rest" next season, direction of Broad
hurst & Currle, is the proud possessor of
a pretty diamond and pearl scarpln. It
was presented to the comedian by Captain
Marks of St. James. L. I., as a token of
appreciation. Wills having pulled the
Captain's small son John out of the bay
at St James recently, after the boy had
be#n seized with a cramp, and was In a
fair way to quit this joyous sphere by
the water route. *
• • •
the improvement of the drama in Amer
ica. Miss "Walsh will begin her coming
tour in "Resurrection" at PittsbUTg on
September 7.
The new opera, "Zaza," by Leoncavallo,
will be the principal novelty of the sea*
son. the name part, a lyric soprano, to be
done by Adaleni Tromben. Then there
will b*» "Adrlana Lecouvreur," by Chelia
—a new contestant for operatic honors,
and. of course, "Falstaff," if Slgnor
Salassa comes. Otherwise the repertoire
will be like that of last year, with
"Tosca" and "Andre Chenler" as one
year old novelties. And here are the
people who are to come, names to us yet,
but soon to be friends:
Adalenl Tromben, lyric soprano; Tina
de Spada. lyric soprano: Llna de Bene
detto, dramatic soprano; Cloe Marchesin!.
contralto; Gulseppe Agostini. tenor:
Eraanuele Ischierdo. tenor; Alfredo Te
dcschl, tenor; Adamo Gregoretti, bary
tone; Gulseppe Zanlnt, barytone; Agosto
Dado, basso; Baldo Travagllnl, basso.
Among the list of coming artists that I
here subjoin will be seen only three fa
miliar names, all of which v.-iil be warm
ly welcomed — Dado, Agostlnt and De
Spada. There is some talk, in the air as
yet, of bringing out that admirable old
artist. Salassa. with the view of a pro
duction of "Falstaff." It is devoutly to be
hoped that we may have him. for though
it is two years since Salassa was here,
there 13 surely sufficient of his noble voice
left to make it worth while. Ifls art haa
never been approached at the Tivoll. Irt
Adamd Gregorettl. Mr. Leahy believes he
has found a voice like the young Sal
assa's, also a talent of equally fine tex
ture. It is much to be hoped. '
fairs have been so unsettled
for the last few months at our little
op;ra-house that there has been a gen
eral fear that we should havo to ga
without our customary grand opera this
year, with Herr Conried and his Metro
politan Opera-house- people also a pal
pable Impossibility. But we are to have
the season after all. a month late, it is
true, and for twelve weeks only, as the
signors and slgnorinas have to be back
In Italy on December 10. in time to re
hearse for the grand opening of all the
Italian opera-hou3es on the day after
Christmas.
The new theater in itself will be a con
siderable attraction. It win seat some
thing like 2500 people, and according to
Mr. Leahy's enthusiastic accounts will
be everything that a theater should be.
The most distant seat from the stag?.
Owing to the extreme width of the build
ing, 'will be nearer the stage by twenty
five feet than a similar seat at the Tlvoll.
and hearing should be equally good from
all parts of the house. There are two
balconies and a top floor, and the exits are
to be of the most approved plan. On the
top floor a cafe, conducted In European
fashicfn, will be arranged and there will
be an elevator for the hungry and smoky
—for smoking will be allowed only on the
top floor. For all this and a seat of com
fcrtablest sort we shall pay only the
classic Tivoll prices, ranging, ns w* all
know, from $1 down to "two-blta."
THE Tivoll management now
definitely announces a grand
opera season for this year, to
begin September 1. In the new
Tlvoll— the union willing! Af-
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL; SUKDAY, JULY 26, 1903.
'Anna Held will, be i seen v In the new
Blchepin play at the Knickerbocker Thea-
Eleanor Robson. Is the star this com
ing season in "La Valllere," under ' the
direction of Llebler $ Co.
Paul Gilmour will use John Drew's play
of last season,' "The Mummy and the
Humming Bird."
46Lillian Baker, president; Alice Doherty. Alto
Crowley and Loulre Boliegrndr. vice presidents; •'
Maud Knurr, marshal; Hannah Collins, treas
urer; Georeiana Luce, recording secretary;'
Clara Barry, financial nccretary; Lillian Klley,
inside sentinel: May Barry, outside ~ sentinel ;
Marjorle Echulz. Oenevieve Clark and Abbls
Goodwin, trustees; Mrs. dn Lew, organist;
Drs. M. Bertola and M. Falck, physicians.
Miss Catherine, Quill, one of. the most
popular members of^Fremont Parlor, was
recently married to Edward Copeland,
past president of Dolores Parlor of - the:
Native Sons of the Golden West.- The
beauty of the bride was enhanced by the
elraplicity of her gown, which was. white
¦ orgaqdle over white silkand a filmy, veil
caught with, a magnificent diamond fiun
burst," the gift of the groom. ¦ The bride
was attended by Miss Alice Crowley,- vice,
president of the parlor, and the groom;by.
ills brother George. The happy couple
Independent* Foresters.
¦ f\ UPREME CHIEF RANGER OR-
ONHVATEKHA has been invited
W,_,J to visit San Francisco and the Juris
diction cf California duimg the cession
q,f the. next High Court I. O. F. of Cali
fornia et Stockton during October. If he
accepts, a. movement will be started for
the purpojse of having another large class
'..•fc'tiation in this city. If there is any
thing that pleases the supreme chief
ranger above all other things in the order
i» Is e large class initiation and lt will be
-he endeavor of the local courts to have
one. for him.
y. Court Yerba' Bucna, one of the courts
"bat. has a sick benefit feature, has had
quite a number of its member*' on the
sick list and the draft on the sick bene
fit fund has been 6uch as to show that It
U. reducing instead of increasing, to It
has fee^n decided to «ret up an excursion
ind picnic to Camp Taylor September 9.
&il the, local courts have been asked to
PIEDMONT Parlor. Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West; has had
the following installed a* its officers
for the current term by District, Deputy
Grand President Mrs. A. McDonald:
Lillian Murden, past president; Minnie Dlf
fenb&cher, president; Beda Pacheco. Alma
Bock and C. Hickies. vice presidents; Mrs. A.
McDonald, recording secretary; G. Blber.
financial secretary; 1«. Hammerly. treasurer;
J. Jordan, marshal; M. Fern, Inside sentinel;
A. <• Messmer, outside sentinel; E. Sivaney.
Amanda Hamraerly and T. Marshall, tru*
tees, and Jennie Brown, organist.
After thp Installation, which was Joint
ly held with the officers of Piedmont Par
lor of the N. S. G. W.. Paat Grand Presi.
dent Eliza D. Keith, on behalf of the
parlor, presented to Lillian Murden the
retiring president, a beautiful gold* pin
symbolic -of her rank In the order, that
of past president.
The following officers are to preside
over the destiny of Fremont Parlor No.'
59 lor the current term:
Native Daughters.
THREE LODGE MEMBERS WHO
ARE OFFICIALS IN THEIR RE
SPECTIVE FRATERNITIES.
Court Apollo will have an entertain
ment for its members in Mission Opera
hall July 27.
Supreme Deputy Chief Ranger Stewart
was with Court Tamalpais at San Rafael
July 20; he was with Court Marysville
July 21 and 22 and with Court Yolo of
Woodland July 23 and 24.
While in Oroville Deputy Supreme Chief
Ranger Stewart rehabilitated Court Gold
en Fleece and secured twelve applications
for it. A special deputy was appointed
for that district to add to the member
ship of the court.
Rose Peters of Oroville is organizing a
companion court for that city.
Supreme Deputy Stewart visited Court
Oakland July 14 and delivered a stirring
address to the members and friends at
an open meeting. There was a good pro
gramme of entertainment, also dancing.
He will visit the court again on July 28,
and will then take steps for the organ
ization of* a companion court in that city.
assist and for the purpose of carrying
out the idea a meeting of representatives
from each court was held July 18, when
committees were appointed to arrange the
details.. •- f
C»;urt Mission of this c«ty will have- an
entertainment in Mission Opera Hall on
the last Thursday in the current month.
The second annual rally of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters of San Fran
cisco will be at the Chutes, day and night,
Friday, August 7, on which occasion-.un
usual attractions will be presented.
NEARLY two-thirds of the 400
members of Mission Camp of
the Woodmen of the World
•were In the banquet hall of
the Odd Fellows" building en
the night of the third Wed
nesday in July for the purpose of wit
••essln* the public Installation of the offi
cer* for the current term, who are:
A. B. Craw. P. c. C. • H. C. H** r lr1»;*. <*• £••
I-- A. Craw. Lt. A.- J. C. Oavanajrh. B.:
A. O. Franks. C; J. Ptaley. A. C; J. H. Hud-
MOL B.: J. H. Bedburv. W.; D. W. Vli.lard,
f- ¦¦ R. Cbleman. Dr. H. Stern and H. C. Franka.
r^a.na«*r«.
The installing nffloer was Past Consul
Commander P. F. Gllrry, who was as
fiPtefl bv D. Oliver Jr. editor of th«
J'aclflr Woodman nrting *s head escort.
The work of the installing officer was
faultless and was piven !n a manner that
has never been surpassed in this city for
impressiveness and dramatic efl>et. This
camp was eFiah!ishp<1 in 1*26 with thirty
members, and each year following there
¦was en Increase, the fipures at each suc
ceeding anniversary showing M. 135, 2«*
and <00. Durlr.fr the evening those pres
ent. Including a number of invited guests,
were delightfully entertained by the Co
lumbian Minstrels with Jests, songs and
specialties, after which there was a ban
quet and many repponpes to toasts. H.
C Hazelrlcg was the toastmaster and,
assuming his duties, he "spoke of the
• carr.p acd expressed the hope that dur
ing his term M consul commander the
entire membership would assist him to
bu!W the camp still higher. Among- those
1 *rho responded to toasts were: J. C. Lat
•haw cf Pueblo, Colo^ one of the board
cf head managers; David Oliver Jr., P.
F. Gllroy, Merton C. Allen, W. W. Brack
ttt. A. J. Welnert and E. C. Stock, who
wer# followed by many members of the
•.camp with very short addresses. On be
' half of the camp. Neighbor Franks pre
served to the retiring consul commander
ii beautiful rold badge of the rank he
now occupies, and called attention to the
fact that he Is a progressive member of
the order, having been initiated at Fern
*»rook and having attained the highest
rtation In the camp. 'I he affair was one
of the best ever got up in this city by
« camp wrth a like membership. It was
cartied out. under the supervision of Pe
ter F. Gllroy. H. C. Hazelrig. H. J.
McCabe A. B. Craw, H. C. Frank. T.
C. Philips, II. n. Mantel. W. F. Town
ley. A. G. Frank. M. J. ricCabe, Dr. H.
6. Stern and S. Ccleman.
".Last Friday night the visiting commit
tee of the "Red Hot Campaign Commlt
• e<j" paid a visit to Richmond Camp to
«nthuse the members In this matter. The
committee wIU visit Western Addition
Carcp August 7 end California Camp Au
trant 31.
More than 150 people, members of the
Women cf Woodcraft, witnessed the in
prailation or the officers of Golden Gate
Circle on the night of the third Friday
In July, in the circle's hall, which. was
decorated with flags, bunting and flowers.
The ceremony of installation was con
ducted by Deputy Grand Guardian Neigh
bor Mrs. Stenart. The new officers are:
Mary Mackle. ruar(!!an neighbor; Annie Pro
ve**, adviser; 1>Ei>le CaMlnel'l, magician;
Am** Kir.*. attendant; Elizabeth Hnr.«.n.
captain of th« ruard; Marj* Helsel, Inside een
tr>: -Pufan Clarke, outfide sentry; Sadie Davis,
trusieian. and Juliette Love, nian&ger.
The installing offlcer was assisted in the
work by the circle's degree team of six
fen ladies under command of Captain
Allle Perrln. This added to the beauty
cf the ceremony. After the installation
there was presented by Mrs. Mary Per
rin on behalf of the circle a handsome
emblematic pin to Mrs. Molly Kaufman,
the retiring guardian neighbor, with the
*Ej.urance that she had made an exem
plary officer. Like pins were given to
J5*ttie Brown, the clerk, and to Lizzie
Kamer.a, each a past guardian neighbor.
After short addresses by the new officers
there was an adjournment to the banquet
hall, where a fine lunch was served,
There waE a large number cf the mem
bers of the order in the hall of Redwood
Circle, Women of Woodcraft, July, 20, to
witness the Installation of the officers for
the current term by Deputy Grand Guar
dian Mrs. A. D. Stenart, assisted by the
circle's guard*. After the ceremony of
installation there was the presentation to
Jennie M. Scott, the retiring guardian
neighbor, cf a badge of her rank in the
order. This was followed by a number of
addresses, principally by the new of
fice'rs, those of the guardian neighbor and
of the advisor being unusually Intending
jnd entertaining. The closing of the cir
i '.e •was followed by an adjournment to a
larger hail, where there was a programme
of entertainment and dancing. The pro-
Framroe included piano selections by Mri.
Warren, recitations by Mi?s Barclay.
musical selections by the Heinz brother*,
musical duet by Roy and Miss Clifford
;er.d a ballad by Roy Clifford. After inter
misEfcn in dancing there was a banquet.
Ttje "following named are the officers for
the. current term: Mrs. T. C. Ambrose.
,G.. K.i Jennie M. Scott. P. G. G.; Christine
Weir. A.; Anita Tickner, M.; Rose Gil
more, O. S.; Marcelle Schultz. I. S.;
Helen Barclay. A., and Hattie Whipple',
•rjanager. The installation and entertain
ment was conducted by a large committee
under the chairmanship of Effle L. Beavy.
. The Woodmen of the world of the Pa
cific Jurisdiction, which Includes the
States of California. Colorado, Ida
hn, Montana, Ne\-ada. Oregon, Utah,
Washington and Wyoming, have, at the
instigation of the Pacific Woodman, the
• official organ cf the jurisdiction, started
what has been designated as "a red-hot
campaign" for the purpose of presenting
to Head Consul F. A. Falkenburg at the
<nr\ of September the names of 10,000 new
m^rrfbers. who ehall have been initiated
during the months of July, August and
September. D. Oliver Jr., the editor of
the paper named, is the originator of the
.Fcheme. More than 100 camps have in
dorsed the proposition and have agreed to
do their share toward securing the in
crease asked for.
•The Choppers' Friendship Club, the lo
ral eick benefit organization of the Wood
rr.rn of the World, has changed its meet
ing nights from Fridays to the second
and fourth Wednesdays of each month,
and its place of meeting from Native
Sons' Hall to Pioneer HalL On Wednesday.
July S. the club held its first meeting in
the nt-w hall and after,the installation
of officers for the current term there
we* a house-warming, when there was a
programme of entertainment, the serving
of refrcshmeots and cigars and a number
of • congratulatory speeches. This club
lias started a boom movement, with the
idea. of getting 1000 Neighbors of Wood
craft on its roll cf membership.
San Francisco Lodge had several candi
dates for Initiation at the meeting on the
third Friday In July. This lodge will have
an entertainment for its members and
friends August It-
At the last meeting of Columbia Lodge
three candidates were initiated. Progress
Lodge also had work In the Initiatory de
gree ' at its last held session. Progress
has arranged for an "at home" entertain
ment in its hall July 23.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
tm ar ISSION LODGE of the Frater
|\/I nal Brotherhood at its last held
jjfjL meeting had several applications
on , the desk, which were referred to the
committee on investigation. It is expect
ed that there will be initiations at the
meeting to-morrow night. This lodge will
give a social on the evening of August 10.
The installation " was followed by the
presentation of a beautiful Jewel to Mrs.
Young, the retiring chief companion, and
a programme of musical numbers con
tributed by Miss Krone, Miss Ruby
Davis. Miss Kate Jackson. Arthur Lof
tus and Miss Blrchar of the Orpheum cir
cuit, Messrs. Large, Tarres and Lauthure
and Miss Baumgarten. After that there
was an adjournment to the social hall;
where there was dancing for an -hour and
a half.
¦ Mrs. A. Young. pa*t chief companion: Mrs.
L. Gfroerer, chief companion; Mrs. M. Large,
sub^chlef companion; Mrs. N. Harvey, treas
urer; Mr*. Annie Senne, financial secretary;
Mr*. Julia Baker, recording secretary; Cora
Llndsley right guide: Mrs. C. Mitchell left
guide- Mrs. K. Aloran. Inside guard; Emma
Daley, outside guard, and Jenny Con way. or
ganist. .
The following named officers of Court
Farallones No. 71, A. O. F., have been In
stalled by the board of deputies, the in
stallation being public In Wolf's Hall at
Ocean View:
A. C. DellepJan*. J. P. C. R.; J. A. Gray,
C. R.; J. E. Koran. 8. C. R.; William S«nner.
financial secretary; J. L. Ferren. recording sec
retary; P. Svrmattie, treasurer; A. Walk«r,
senior woodward; L. Serres. Junior woodward;
C. W Bonar. senior b«adle; M. J. Sylvester.
Junior* beadle- R. Tweed, lecturer; O. Lesser,
organist; A. P. Woodward. M. D., court phy
alclan.
Many of the residents of that section of
the cfty and county were present, and
after the ceremony of Induction Into office
there was a high jinks.
The officers for the present term, who
are to serve Loyal Circle, C. O. F., were
installed July 21 by the board of deputies
In the presence of a large number of
people. The, rulers of this circle now are:
Court Piedmont and Piedmont I Circle
will hold an open meeting in the hall of
the court July 30. The Juvenile band of
this city will be on hand and play several
selections.
Washington Circle of the. Companions
of the Forest will give an Invitational en
tertainment and dance In the social hall
of the A. O. F. building on July 31. i
On the evening of the third Wednesday
In July Court Prosperity No. 8323 of tnls
city went in the car Hermosa to San Ma
teo to pay the membership of Court Pride
of San Mateo a fraternal visit. In ad
dition to the membership of the court
there were invited guests, including High
Court Secretary J. J. Roberts, Permanent
Secretary John Falconer, W. B— Carpen
ter, president of the board of deputies, and
Deputy High Chief Rangers Shaw, Kurtz.
Waters and Chapman. After a cordial
welcome there 'was the transaction of
the regular business until the time came
for the installation of the officers for
the current term. The chairman of th»
board of deputies and his fellow members
on the board were requested to install the
officers and they did so in a very im
pressive manner, after which there was
the good for the order and addresses by
a number of those present After the
close of the court there was an adjourn
ment to another hall, where a bounteous
supper was served. The repast was en
livened by music and song and responses,
to toasts. The party returned to thi3
city at 1:30 a. m. The outing was under
the direction of the following committee
of Court Prosperity: A. E. Craig, George
Cree. H. J. Walters, W. R. Rowlands. R.
Bond and P. R. Petersen. Before leav
ing the car a vote of thanks was passed
to Motorman Cash Eckstene and Con
ductor R. H. Boone for their attention to
the party. . v '
COURT STAR OF THE WEST held
an open meeting July 10. which was
attended by many of the members
and a number of strangers. During the
evening there was a visit to the sitting
court by a large delegation from Court
Bohemian. There was given a programme
of entertainment and then there was a
smoker and short addresses on tbo condi
tion of the order.
Court Star of the West held an open
meeting July 10. which was attended by
many of the members and a number of
strangers. During the evening there was
a visit to the sitting court by a large
delegation from Court Bohemian. There
¦was given a programme of entertainment
and then there was a smoker and short
addresses on the condition of the order.
Reports received by the permanent sec
retary, John Falconer, continue to show
a good gain during the second quarter of
the year. Thus far It exceeds five hun
dred with a number of courts to hear
from. i /
Court Tonopah of Tonopah, Nev.. has
requested the appointment of Georgo
Cappell, formerly of this city, but now
living at the new mining town, as depaty
for the court. He was the organizer of
the court.
Ancient Forestry.
The Installation was followed by the
presentation of flowers to the district
deputy, and then a social hour.
The officers of Keith Parlor will be In
stalled July 27, wherf President Ellen A.
Lynch of Berendca Parlor of Red Bluff
will be a ' special guest. The following
night the officers of La Vespero Parlor
will be Installed. ': V-
Arnont: the visitors, who witnessed the
installation were: Mrs. G. W. Baker. P. ;
O. P.; Mrs. II. M. Greene of Buena Vista
Parlor, Miss Lizzie Douglas of Alta Par
lor and Mrs. Lucia Hammenrmith of
Darina Parlor. After the Installation
flowers were given to the district deputy,
to the new president, to the delegates to
the recent session of the Grand Parlor
and to Emma G. Foley, the grand treas
urer. In appreciation of their efforts for
the parlor. -.:"-;>¦ -'J
The following officers of Minerva Par
lor were installed last week by District
Deputy Grand President Genevleve Car
roll, assisted by Lydia A. Carroll, In the
presence of a large number of members of
the order, among them Past Grand Presi- .
dent Miss Keith and Grand Secretary
Miss Frakes:
Minnie Wall, president; Mrs. M. Bhad», past
president; Lena Wilson. Emma Shallch, Agne3
Turney, vice presidents; Annie Sericano, re
cording, and Margaret Wynne, financial sec
retary; Mary A. Demps«*y. treasurer: Elinor
Anderson, marshal; Mary Gorman and Miss
611 va inside and outsldo sentinels; Mrs. I..
Wall" orsranJst, and Mrs. Granvllle. Mrs. Bahl
xnan and Mrs. Smith, trustee*
now reside in a beautiful home on Twen
ty-third street. ' i
The following named have been installed
us the officers of Orinda Parlor, N. D. G.
W., the Installing officer being: Miss Nel
lie Mulcay of Oro Fino Parlor, D. D. G.
P., assisted by Miss Annie Lacey of Las
Lomas Parlor, acting: as grand marshal:
Miss Nora Foley. president: Miss Alma Rei
mers, first vie* president: Mr*. Henrietta Wil
ton, second vice president; Mrs. Ella Dowllng,
third vie* president; Miss Nellie I>unn, mar
shal; Mrs. Emma O. Foley. financial secretary:
Miss Anna Gruber, recording secretary ; Miss
Hannah Mahoney. outside sentinel: Miss
Mayme Mahoney, MIs« Mae Mitchell and Miss
Mamie McCarthy, trust ee«. .,-.."
THE SAN / FB ANCISCO CALL; S^Nb^, / JtJLY 26^ 1903.
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMAT the second July meeting of the
California Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star there was a
rust class Initiation in the presence
of a large number of the members and
visitors. The degrees were conferred on
Dr. and Mrs. Julius Jaegellng, Thomas
and Mrs. P. Ross. P. W. and Mrs.
Thompson. J. F. and Mrs. Hetty, A. A.
Anderson. Miss Anderson. John Blake
way and Karl H. Vesper by Past Matron
Mrs. Lizzie Tonnlngsen, acting in the ab
sence nf the worthy matron, and by
Worthy Patron H. D. Loveland, who but
a few days before returned from his
vacation. The work as performed on that
evening was never surpassed In an East
ern Star chaster in this city and was
under good of the order most favorably
commented on. Miss t Hattle • Ferguson,
who was Queen Esther, was highly
praised. Among the speakers of the even
ing were Ella T. Hall, past grand ma
tron of this Jurisdiction; Emily Webster
of Sacramento. Lucy C. Hunt of Arizona.
C. W. Baker of Nebraska, Millie R. Ver
hoeff of Chicago. Isabelle Berkeley of
Washington, D. C: Alvln Plummer of
Boston, Nelly Melendy of Eureka, Eliza
beth O. Rupe\ of Santa Rosa and Past
Patron John Tonnlngsen. After the chap
ter closed the visitors and members re
tired to the lower hall, where there was
dancing until midnight. This chapter will
give its third annual ball In Golden Gate
Hall August 6. The success of this so
cial event ia assured by the fact that
it will be in charge of the following
named committee appointed by Isabelle
Woodslde. actins matron of the chapter:
John Tonningsen. Mrs. William Cordes,
E. T. Mullen, Mrs. Frank Buswell. Mrs.
Ivsuis Thierbach and Dr. William C.
Hassler. P. F. Ferguson will have the
management of the floor and Hi D. Love
land, the worthy patron, will preside at
the banquet to be given during the even-
Ing. - J
On the third Friday in July Golden
Eastern Star.
The meeting was addressed by all of
the grand officers and by the installing
officers, after which an hour was pleasant
ly spent in the banquet-room.
Zach T. Whltten D. D. G. P.. assisted
by all of the grand/officers, installed the
officers, of Aurora Lodge for the current
term. They are:
Anna Thompson, president: Ellen F. Koenig.
vice president; W. B. Falkner. recording sec
retary; Mrs. L, A. Rapp. financial secretary;
George Sorensen. treasurer: Mrs. Emma Sund
berg, chaplain; Minna Luton. guardian; Cath
erine Huston, guard; Carrie Blackmore. sen-
J. J. Downey, past president: Mrs. D. J.
Kaplan, president: Mrs. E. G. Rich*, -rice pres
id-nt; Miss P. Kaplan, secretary: Z. T. ¦Whlt
ten. treasurer: Mrs. M. Clark, chaplain; Mrs.
Marietta Whltten. guardian; Mrs. F. Gleve.
guard; M. Levy, sentinel.
The deputy was assisted In hi* work by
the grand officers already named and Mrs.
Ellen Fitzgerald, grand chaplain. After
a number of congratulatory speeches
there was a banquet.
The officers of West Bnd Lodge were
Installed In a very creditable manner by
Past Protector Anna Thompson of
Aurora Lodge assisted by -the grand of
ficers. The officers of this lodge are:
Panlin« Simon, past president: Nclllo T>ocx
«ry. president; LouUo Lansoutt*. Tie* presi
dent: J. J. Hicks, secretary; J. P. DocJmr.
chaplain: J. P. Joyce, treasurer: A. C. Du
bois, guardian; J. Donovan, guard; R. M. Mc-
Lean, sentinel.
The following. were installed as the of
ficers of i Magnolia Lodge by the same
deputy in the absence of Hugo Klem. tha
regular deputy: * .
rHE past week has been a busy
one for the Knights and Ladles
of Honor, as it was installation
week. The first was the installation of
the officers of 'Oakland Lodge by District
Deputy Grand Protector J. J. Downey of
West End Lodge, who was assisted by
L. G. Wolfe, G4P.; Jennie Dinklage. O.
G.; Emma Quitzow, S. O.; L. Hand. O.
C: Henry W. Qultzow. G. S.; Mrfc K.
Hochmelster. and Mrs. L. Hahn, P. P.;
and H. K. Cummlngs. P. G. P. Tb«re
were many visitors from th© San Fran
cisco lodges, -who appreciated the cere
mony. The new officers axe:
F J. Meckfessel. past president; Mary &
"Wells, president: Mrs. M. Oehstsr. vtc* presi
dent; J. A. Colqahoun, reconJinj and financial
secretary; Frederlcka XVeber, treasurer; Cath
erine Edwards, chaplain; Mrs. M. E. Meek
fessel. guide; Mrs. A. Kramxn. gtsaxilaa.
The ceremony was folio-wed by a colla
tion and a social hour. The reports show
this lodge to be In good condition.
Knights and Ladies.
Mr. and|Mrs. Allen Wallace . are sum
mering at Virginia Hot wrings, but will
I have an Important engagement to an
nounce next month when a certain fam
ily returns from abroad. In fact, there
will be a double announcement if another
would-be 'Borneo wips another dear girl's
consent. He has asked already. I know
that. But let us see how she feels when
she gets back. There Is no k'nowing the
way of a heart.
Eugene Murphy and his bride, who
was - Miss Frances - Hopkins, have -, re
turned \ from \ their . wedding trip and
settled themselves .; comfortably . in • a
cottage . at Burlingame. This sound*
very much like "love in a cottage," but
there are i very, very few privations to
be endured, as Burlingame is rightly
named "the rich man's paradise."
. f Mrs. [ E. • H. j Lestock j Gregory • has - re
. turned from ' a month's >- visit - to her
mother at New i Whatcom, Washington.
. During her absence Mrs. Gregory .was also
V. entertained at Seattle. One iof the best
• dressed. young matrons is Mrs. Gregory,
j who wears" picturesque gowns ' with a
. style : quite distinctive, and suited to her
| pretty face and petite figure.
Ruth Winslow are at Xahoe Tavern. Mr.
and Mrs. J.' AT Cooper "arid' Mls's" Cooper
have recently arrived. /Mrs. T. Z. Blake
man - and > Leontine * Blakeraan • have - also
joined the San-Francisco colony.; Dr. ; and
Mrs. .Clark Burnham are there, the
Zellesr F.W. Van 81cklen, Dr:Ai, J. Hlnl
ker and C. W. Knowles. '
Ladies' Auxiliary.
THE Ladles' Auxiliary of California
Commandery. Knights Templar, at
Its July meeting in Utopia Hall.
Mrs. W. R. Jones, president. In the chair,
after tho transaction of ordinary business
and the reception of several names sug
gested for membership had a gaxao of
progressive whist, at which Mrs. C. C.
Moorehoua© won the first prize, a deli
cately painted cup and saucer; Mrs. W.
R. Jones the second, a decorated choco
late cup and saucer, and Mrs. Val Schmidt
the third, a handsome- decorated creamer,
the gift of Mrs. G. E. Dorn. After cards
there was a dainty luncheon. There were
present:
Mrs. VT. R. Jooei, Mr*. S. A. McDonald. Mrs.
Val Schmidt. Mrs. J. L. Losan. Mrs. William
Martensteln. Miss M. J. Brags. Mrs. Martin
Jones. Mrs. O. E. Dorn. Mrs. Christopher C
Moorehouae. Mr». George Haas. Mr*. M. Joha
«on. Mrs. George Bennett. Mrs. John L. Prior.
an. Marrlnar-Campbell, Mrs. J. Lows of Red
•wood City. Mrs. Alfred A- Batkln. Miss Gv»
Powell. Mrs. Isaac Grant. Mrs. G. H. Slebe,
Mrs. Charles Taber. Mrs. M. A. Wheaton. Mrs.
T. Byron Da Witt. Mrs. H. Damkrojer. Mrs.
Edwin P. Heald. Mrs. Henry Holmes. Mrs.
Huzh McJunkin, Mr«. Howard Barbler. Mrs.
Oeorgr* Brown. Mrs. Cornbach. Mrs. Charles
Humphries and Mrs. Georc* Newman.
don. In the course) of her remarks tha
deputy grand president complimented the
Institute on its choice of officers.
rived at Del Monte in his private car Co
lumbia. Mr. Seamans has "with him a
Jolly party of friends.
Mrs. Sally Walters will go down to Los
Gatos on the 8th, where she will be ths
guest of the Russell H. Cools at their
country home. *. \ 'I --
• • , • •
Miss Cella Tobin returned on Tuesday
from Burlingame, where she was the
guest of her brother and Mrs. Clark.
Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Schwerln are at Del
Monte for the summer. Miss Cella O'Con
nor is with them at present.
Mrs. Lucle May Hayes has been the
guest of Dr. and Mrs. Russell Cool at the
summer horns in Los Gatos.
• « • i
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Heller and family
are at Del Monte and expect to remain
there until early autumn.
. • • •
Mr. and Mrs. Fred McNear and Miss
Bessie McNear are enjoying a brief stay
at Santa Cruz.
• • •
Mrs. E. H. Chllds and Miss Hortense
Chllds will spend the summer months at
Del Monte.
Captain C. E. Stanton, paymaster in
the army, is spending his vacation at Del
Monte.
• i -v • " '" •
Mrs. Robert Louis Stevenson is rusticat
ing at her summer home near Santa Cruz.
M. J. Brandenstein and family are at
at Hotel Del Monte.
THE-SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, SUN DAY, JULY -26, t 1903.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCO ; GIRL WHO JS NOW A POPULAR YOUNG.. MATRON; IN NEW YORK SOCIETY, ONE
OF AFAMILY OF TALENTED DAUGHTERS, AND A SAN FRANCISCO SOCIETY WOMAN : WflOSE" STYLISH
. GOWNS ARE MUCH'fADMIRED. : * * >
ON the second Tuesday in July Lin
coln Relief Corps No. 2 tendered
a reception In Sierra Hall. Pio
neer bulldlnc, to Geraldine E. Frisble.
national senior vice president: Eliza J.
Shephard. department president, and her
official staff and Mrs. Audubon Dexter,
one of the members of the corps, who
recently returned to this city after a pro
longed visit in the East. The hall was
most tastefully decorated with choice
flowers and American flags \and the place
was crowded with members^ and visitors
from other corps in this city, Oakland
and Berkeley. There was a fine pro-v
gramme of music, songs and addresses,
the several numbers making tip an en
joyable affair. President Mrs. Carletoii
of the department of , Washington and
Alaska was an unexpected visitor on that
evening. She was received with a hearty
welcome.
Lincoln Corps.
At the close of; the installation there
was a banquet ' and : a programme of • en
tertainment, which Included: Instrumental
overture. May Stein/ grand president; re
marka, Ella - M. Cornyns, , D. D. G. P. ;
vocal solos,. Miss Kittle Hopkins and Liz
zie Connor; specialties, . Annie i E. Nyhan :
piano selections, ' Margaret ¦ O'Brien ; reci
tation, Marie Fay;, vocal duet, Irene and
Lillle, Murray, '¦¦ and cake walk, Josle Rear-
Mrs. Margaret Peacock.- pa«t president: Mrs.
M. L. Gregg, president: Miss Jos le Reardon.
first vice president; Miss Daisy Kllbrlde, sec
ond vice-president; Miss L. C. A. Terry re
cording - secretary; Miss. Marie Fay financial
secretary; Miss Margaret Soper. treasurer; Miss
Lizzie Rlley. marshal; Dr. Elizabeth Lynch,
physician; Miss Lillian Rock, organist; Mrs.
Nellie Williams. Inside sentinel; Miss Nellie
Belben. outside sentinel; Mrs. Annie Sweeney.
Mrs. • M. E. Hill. Mrs.: K. Callahan. Miss
Martha Coppage and • Miss Mary ' Deavy, trus
tees. ¦ ¦ ;¦•- - - -.- V'; '.» ¦':<,-¦ .'
THE following named have been in
stalled as the- officers of Young
Ladies* Institute No. 1 for the cur
rent term, the ceremony, which was pub-
He, being performed in a very ; Impressive
manner by-Ella M. Cornyns, district dep
uty grand' president:
Ladies' Institute.
The usual pleasant function that fol
lows installation in this lodge was omitted
this term on account of the recent death
of two of its prominent members, the
late Dr. A. S. Cook and the late Sena
tor George H. Williams. There were ad
dresses by Grand Protector Wolfe. Depu
ty Whltten, Supreme Deputy Mrs. Quit
zow. Supreme Representative J. P. Dock
ery. Grand Secretary Qultzow, Grand
Guide Mrs. Dinklage, Grand Chaplain
Mrs. Fitzgerald, Past Protectors P. J.
Joyce and E. C. Stock. After the speak
ing,- ice cream and cakes were served to
all present. ,
tlael; Mary T. Crowe, onaalst.
Gate Chapter had an unusually large at
tendance and the chapter admitted four
strangers by initiation. After the work
of the evening was terminated there was
a special hour in the banquet hall and
the presentation of a candle Illuminated
cake to Patron Schumacher in celebration
of the anniversary of his birth. After
congratulations there was dancing until
a late hour.
¦ A . recent '<, engagement^ is ¦: that ; of * Miss
Muriel Eastman^of : MarysyUlejfand^Rey.*
WIltsie'/M. ( " Martin., j.Both'of "theVyoung
people'^ are ...graduates '¦ of ¦', the ¦ vUniversity
of California:. and ¦ have niariy ¦' friends 7in
this -vicinity. -.'- , Mr. jf Martin ' 1 won i theiCar
nbt medal';and graduated '. with" honors
from the Drew* Theological ' Seminary.^ He
Miss ; Maria Drew : and Miss / Florence
Scott; two | popular • young : women V from
Chicago, /were at -the Palace '•Hoteix for
a day or two 'last week, .- but r returned
somewhat earlier-'than' theyi had expected
because ; of a'.' severely /sprained Rankle
which Miss 'Drew, acquired * in v doing
Chinatown.' The /accident changed i^ the
plans' of 'the . charming ; twain j'and.;put\'an
end to the ljiformal;eritertainihg -arranged
by, their friends; here.. Society > ; is
enough just now-, without • the ? misfortune
of. having: sucli c breezy.'and attractive >¦ peo
ple slip through oiif' grasp. ;
The skirts are : quite short and \ slightly
close-fitting at the top. The sleeves usual
ly reach below the elbow and | are quite
wide. The , blouses are ' high 'and ; h'ave
collars so that the throat arid', the back
are no' longer: in ' danger j of being! tanned.
Black stockings remain in favor.* ; , -.-.- V. f.
Some of the onlookers at the . beach ap
pear in very attractive, costumes. \'One
recently , was of .lavender linen : ; • with a
lavender veil to match the frock. \ Three
yards, is-, the quantity' required. .,; It* -Is
draped so; as ; to fall below the shoulders
In the back after passing arourid-the liat.
have never, been seen before. \The .pre
vailing materials are silk, pongee •' and
alpaca. - . : . ¦ '. ¦;* \ ' \ ... :
return to their, home in New] York in Sep
tember.. ' Miss f Josephine, Loughborough
will-go East In. the fall to visit Mrs. Wal
lace,'; her sister," whenfmuch 1 . entertaining
v.-ni be ' done for; her.
! Mis3 Maye J Colburn . returned yesterday
from a- short , stay j in Menlo Park, where
she . was . ' delightfully entertained by
friends." At the end of the present week
Miss Colburn 5 and -"her -charming "mother,
Mrs.; George Lyman ' Colburn, will go to
Monterey. ..'
• ¦¦ * ." •
• .', , • V*» •
Mrs. Howard . Taylor i has returned to
town for medical' treatment:as a result of
her automobile: accident! on < July -4. Her
hip was so hurt that she cannot go about,
but the" injury will not" have' lasting ef
fects. -\ > -¦¦: ¦]¦'¦¦-: •¦¦ '¦• ¦ ¦
. Dr. Arnold Genthe^will leave to-morrow
for | a trip to -Arizona and 1 New . Mexico.
If he does-not-return-witrrplcturesTwhlch
make the, Indian-lbok: surprisingly artistic
you may; rest : assured*, he will i not : be to
blarrie. -. '/•? : - • ; • ;
• b,. v «,: •
" Mrs. May.; Mott-Smlth -Bird^ left • yester
day ."for "Pacific t Grove,'" where » . she ¦ will
spend i a'~ few"; days'. >' She '•will/ then , come
back to • town "an'd ; return j later ! f or a ¦ long
visit at- the -resort.,' •,*'.' .' '. -*"-
• Mrs. John R. yJarboe- has. returned t from
NewiYork : and' Is at*preserit!atfher'coun
try; home,'. "Pegasus 'Farirf'^ln^ tho': Santa
Cruz mountains! '/: Her J! son, ¦} Paul ; Jarboe,
is 'also -there. '."." ¦'¦ "-'¦ '.' '. ' ' 'i . .; >
• ¦ • ' •
Frank ' Scamans i of - New > York; has . ar-
• . ," • • . •
Mrs. r . Chauncy R. Wlnslo w -and ' Miss
t The s friends . of the . former ;Mrs. John
Vance Ctieney*corroborate'the report that
she is .soon ' to j become" a bride. ,' Her recent
husband.^the ¦ librarian -at : the. 'Newberry
Library I- in t Chicago,';* was '/^married '¦':. two
weeks ago iri.Manitou, \Colo.y\to Mrs." Sara
Chamberlain. ' The 'bride !ls'-a resident of
Chicago. .'... . - .,'• .,
• '<•••.•.»
'¦; Mrs.\Fran«. \ P. Deering | will | entertain
extensively at .' her^ picturesque I home | on
Russian •' Hill. { The - residence, '.which has
recently "> been 1 completed,'" is ; happily*' sit
uated ; in » the. midst .of r. the : artistic and
literary, colony on the, hill, which promise's
to .be, the 'most envied of Upbts, in>years
to/ come: . TheVdlnner, which Mrs. ;Deering
gave' on_ % Thursday ' evening was : a
pleasant affair. ' ' : ;•• • ..-./'"•.-. '
• ..'•;\»
j Miss Constance' Kirkpatrlck [ is j at j pres
ent at ; Carson, > but ' will' leave shortly \ for
Lake^Tahbc. v Miss > Mary : Kirkpatrlck is
spending 'the j summer quietly/ at the f am:
Hy~ residence ' on /Broadway. 'r, Ruth Klrk
patrVck • is , paying \ a: : yIslt>to'jSalti Lake,
accompanied by . her;. mother. .; Seldomr|ln
deed,\does one; find , In ; a family | so "many
daughters '.who are, charming; and gifted.
Miss Ruth Is a'declded'beauty:' The Kirk
patricks' and- Mrs. Robert -Louis" Steven-
• > • , *
is j at ; present * occupy ing an > Eastern pul
pit , but . after \ his "-. marriage '.will" become' a
Callfornian. '.The wedding :.wlll take place
in < September ' at the I home of "the fbrlde's
father/' J. E/ 1 Eastman. ; who :is atprom- :
inent county official " of Yuba.
General W. R. Enafter. who is also on
several committees, is In the East now
co business pertaining to the encamp-
Mrs. It. II. Warfield and son, Emerson,
Warfleld. left yesterday for Pacific
Grove and Monterey, where they will re
main for a short time and possibly go
to Southern California before : their re
turn. General Warfleld will be unable
to get away at present, as he is busy
making preparations Tor the G. A. R.
happenings of next month. He Is on
the committees for reception and ac
commodations, chairman of the com
mittee on Sons of Veterans and Ladies'
Aid Society. In addition to being chosen
grand marebal of the big parade on Au
gust 18.
"Peter D. Martin la a most devoted
father. He believes, too, that cleanliness
Is next to godliness. Though , he may
change his shirt seven times a day and
live in hJ» motor about forty hours a
week, yet he has time to make occasional
trips to the laundry and a tour of inspec
tion to a certain Une that is strung be
tween trees on the rear lawn of the Cad
¦walader place. Of late he has frequently
asked questions of the nurse, and so that
worthy was not surprised when Peter re
cently upbraided her because upon this
line were displayed not so many of those
very Interesting and necessary articles of
a baby's wearing apparel as Peter tho'ught
were befitting the comfort and hygiene of
a child of a California Martin and the
grandson of an Oelrichs. The kid will be
three months old In ten days, and the
day is to be appropriately celebrated, as
will also«be the first anniversary of the
Martin wedding a week from to-morrow.'!
Pet«r D. Martin's devotion to his son is
as much a. subject of . comment in the
East as arson* his friends here, who have
received snapshots of father and child. A
recent publication says:
dulge to his heart's content in
his own particular sport. During the
first week in August public interest will
be centered about the polo and pony
tournament at Del Monte. There will be
a crush of people from swelldom at the
races, with the lightest of gowns and
the fattest of purses. Society will be
¦well represented. Lovers of fine horse
flesh are certain to b© in evidence, but
the ponies themselves will be proudest
of all, so plainly do they feel their im
portance in such an event.
The automobile tournament will be the
subject of all-absorbing Interest from Au
gust 6 to 13. Del Monte, Point Lobos
and. Can Jose will be the scene of the
Interesting happenings. E. Courtney-
Ford will give the silver trophy for the
hill climbing contest at Carmel Hill.
Many handsome prizes have been offered
for the various races. Golf and tennis
enthusiasts will have their innings later
SHINING cups . and fluttering
ribbons will brighten the mo
notony of the summer months.
There will be tournaments ga
lore and every faddist may in-
Bathing suits smarter than those ot 1303
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Graydon ¦ (Beryl
Whitney)- are spending: part of their
honeymoon | at Del Monte with • Mrs. J.
Parker Whitney, formerly Daisy Parrott:
Mrs. Graydon ; and ' Mrs. Whitney : are . two '
attractive brides and are the • of -
much interest. Both are youngs-still [in
their "teens"— both are petiteV with' pretty
figures and becoming gowns^- Mr/ Gray
don looks like a twentieth century; giant
beside his little wife, whose , short, stature
accentuates his height. ' The; romance : . of '
this young couple has been i one "of • wide
spread interest and the outcomeblds fair*
to be a happy one. - " *.' -'
A bride-to-be, who was extremely, pop
ular in. the East, is now living very quiet
ly at the Presidio. She is • Miss .Bubb^
daughter of Captain Bubb, i who : was
stationed at ,Fort Sheridan. * The wed
ding is expected to take place in the Fall.
An Eastern paper in speaking of the
event says: •¦-.-¦
"That portion of Chicago society repre
sented by the Highland Park set ¦ has one
Interesting wedding to look forward to—
that of Miss Helen Bubb and Mr. Gerald
Street. . Miss Bubb is the daughter of
Captain Bubb, who, two seasons ago, was
stationed at Fort Sheridan, near Chicago.
She Is an excellent horsewoman, a "good
golfer and a heart-breaker. -Young Street
was only one of a number: of smitten
ones, but he was the most persistent and
did not give up. when army orders took
Miss Bubb away; to San Francisco. Now
they are engaged, and the wedding "is
planned for \, autumn In' the ; Presidio
military, post. •. It will, of course, be a
military affair, and many Chicago people
will attend." -/ ':'-.*¦ -1,
longer expected to confine themselves to
lavender and gray. Tho wife of one of
California's multi-millionaires has beep
somewhat criticized for appearing in
gowns of a light color, such as are usually
worn ,by young women and debutantes.
Still she is positively correct this season,
for white gowns and gay colors have en
tirely replaced the somber hues' worn
heretofore. Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish created
a sensation recently by appearing at the
Casino at Newport in a gown of lace and
white silk richly embroidered with flow
ers. Around her waist was a schoolgirl's
sash of. bright yellow, and there were
bows of golden ribbons about her elbows.
On her large white picture hat was some
thing resembling a nest of humming-birds,
which on closer inspection proved j to be
yellow flowers. A bunch of violets was
poised on the hat beside these flowers. A
wonderful green - parasol and white
French-heeled shoes completed' the cos
tume.
ment. but is expected home within a
few days. The preparations cannot j be
too elaborate, for the Civil War, vet^
crans, whose -ranks are rapidly thin^
ning, deserve the highest tributes of re
spect and honor.
• , • V i
Matrons of years' standing are . no
48
SOCIETY